                                      ---Majin Chronicles - Part2: Adolescence---
------------->2098 Galactic Standard Years ago. 
	On a civilized planet in Jurai's 4th jurisdiction zone, in one of the main capitol 
cities. 

------------->Classroom 1-B 9:12 AM	
	A high school sits in the center of town. A young boy was in his homeroom class. He 
looked about 15 or so, with blue hair and yellow eyes. He looked out window, staring at something
 down on the streets below. 

Kayotama-Sensai: I said, what is the answer?

	The student looked up to see the sensei at his desk.

Student: WAAAHH!!
Kayotama-Sensai: May I ask what exactly is so important that it requires you to stare at it?
Student: Oh. Its just Majin. Late as usual.

	All the class got up out of their seats and walked to the window so they could watch the 
always-interesting spectacle.

------------->Streets 9:14 AM
	A 15-year-old boy with cyan hair and golden eyes ran down the side walks to get to school
. He had a slice of toast in his mouth, his book bag under his arm, and he was trying to pull 
his over-shirt on with his remaining free hand. He shoved people out of the way as he bobbed and 
weaved his way through the crowd. He glanced at his watch, still ruining and trying to get the 
shirt on.

Majin: It's 9:15! Damn! I gotta hurry up a-
	THUD!  Majin had run into a lamppost while he wasn't paying attention to the road ahead 
of him. He slid down it and fell to the ground beneath him. Over the hill, a group of bicyclists
 came roaring over. Majin rolled over still a bit dazed, and see a pack of bikes coming towards
 him.

Majin: AHHH!!!!

	The bicyclists had not heard his scream over the music, and they continued to pedal 
toward him. Majin thought that the end was soon to come, and closed his eyes so he wouldn't see 
it when it arrived. Suddenly a figure appeared above Majin, scooped him up in its arms, and 
disappeared again. 

------------->Streets 9:18 AM
	Majin opened his eyes, sensing something was not right. He thought he should have been
 turned into a grease spot by two-wheeled death, but instead he watched them wheel by below him. 
He soon realized he was no longer on the sidewalk, but was instead on one of the many trees that 
line it from behind the fence.

Majin: What the hell?!

	Majin Looked around. He was confused. 'How the hell did I get in this tree' he thought 
to himself. He looked again to see a young woman, about his age, sitting on the end of the 
branch, looking into the horizon. She had cyan hair and golden eyes just like him.

Majin: D-di-did you...-
Woman: Yes.
Majin: B-bu-bu-but how did..-
Woman: Call it a gift.
Majin: W-wh-who are-
Woman: Ryoko.
Majin: R-ry-oh-ko....?
Ryoko: C'mon, you're already late to class.
Majin: Oro? Oh crap! School!

	Ryoko leaped off the branch and disappeared in the air. Majin watched her disappear, and 
soon realized he was 15 feet from the ground.

Majin: Hey, wait!.....How do I get down from here!?

------------->Classroom 1-B 11:58 AM
	Majin walked into classroom 1-B with his lunch in hand. He walked over to a group of boys
 sitting by the window. They eagerly waited for him to sit down so they could badger him with 
questions about the morning's incident, like everyone else he had spoken to did. He sat and 
opened his lunch, trying to ignore the barrage of questions.

Matoko: .....Well?!
Majin: Well what?
Korin: You know very well what we're talking about.
Majin: I do?
Matoko: Stop playing dumb and tell us!
Kyojo: Yea! Out with it all ready!
Majin: ...-_-¡...What do you want to know?
Matoko: Who was she?
Kyojo: What was she like?
Korin: More to the point, what was she?
Majin: Ryoko, no idea, and what do you mean, Korin?
Korin: No normal person can phase like that.
Majin: Phase?
Korin: Yea, you know, Phasing. That's when you shift your body into a frictionless dimension, 
and then shift out of it a short distance away. A sort of teleportation. That's what that 
disappearing trick of hers was.
Majin: Ok, but what did you mean by "what was she"?
Korin: As you may or may not know, no normal person can phase. It's a gift given you few at 
birth, or it has to be trained to obtain.
Majin: All right, lets call her a mutant. She did say it was a 'Gift'.
Matoko: Are you crazy!? Mutants aren't hot!
Majin: Are you saying she was?
Kyojo: Are you saying she isn't?!?!
Majin: I don't know, I sorta got the felling that we had met before, or that we were related, or
 something.
Matoko: HA! You related to that image of beauty?! Don't make me laugh!
Majin: I've had more dates then all of you combined!!
Kyojo: That may be so, but have you ever gotten past first base?
Majin: ......Shut up!
Korin: All right, all right, let's stop insulting the kid. OK. So she isn't a mutant. She still 
could have trained to acquire the skill.
Majin: How long would it take to train for and learn something like that?
Korin: I don't know really, I'd say.....20-25 years....
Majin: 20-25 years!?! Even if she had trained since birth, she wouldn't have learned it by now!
Korin: What makes you say that?
Majin: Cause she's 15!!
Matoko: How do you know that?
Majin: She said that she too needed to get to class before she left.
Kyojo: She could be in college.
Majin: She didn't look like it, and I checked the roosters during the break. She goes to this 
school, and she's in classroom 1-A.
Matoko: WHAT!?!!?
Kyojo: You mean Ryoko's in the classroom right next to us?!!?

------------->Classroom 1-A 12:09 PM
	Ryoko put down her chopsticks on her tray, pushed the chair out from under her, and stood
 up. She calmly walked over to the wall, knocked on it with her hand to test its strength and 
integrity, and then stuck her hand through the wall, as if it weren't there. She then stuck her 
head through into classroom 1-B, where she looked around a bit questioningly.

Ryoko: Somebody in here say my name?

	All four boys turned their head to look, and saw the girl they had just been talking 
about sticking her head out of the wall.

Matoko: ......
Kyojo: ......
Korin: ......
Majin: Epp...
All: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ryoko: .....Um.....right....

	All four boys knocked their desks over, and leaped out of their chairs as they ran out 
the classroom. Ryoko watched them run away, shrugged, and pulled her hair back through. All the 
other students in the class turned to look as they ran out, but only caught a small glimpse of 
Ryoko's hair as it disappeared into the wall. They just assumed they were seeing things, and went
 back to eating their lunches. Meanwhile, in classroom 1-A, Ryoko pulled her hair out from the 
wall and walked back to her desk, sat down, and resumed eating her food. Everyone around the room
 stared at her, amazed and or shocked by what they had just seen her do. She glared across the 
room, and everyone immediately went back to eating, fearing what other tricks she might have had 
up her sleeve. She shrugged and spoke to herself.

Ryoko: Maybe I just imagined those kids saying my name. Oh well.

------------->Hallways 12:13 PM
	Majin, Kyojo, Matoko, and Korin continued to run down the halls. They had 7 minutes left 
of the lunch break, so there were not many people out of their classrooms. They ran, not looking 
behind them, but not really looking ahead of them either.

Matoko: Is she after us!?
Kyojo: Don't know! Don't know! Don't know! 
Korin: Just keep running!
Majin: We're gonna run out of hallway soon! We have to find somewhere to hide until schools over!
Matoko: Don't you think we've been looking!?
Majin: No, we've just been running around aimlessly the wh-
Kyojo: Majin! Lookout!!

	Before Majin could register what Kyojo had said, he had knocked over Burak, the toughest 
bully in the school, and fallen back on his butt. Matoko, Korin, and Kyojo ran on past Burak and 
his chorines, valuing their lives more then their fallen comrade's. Burak got up to his feet and 
pulled Majin to his.

Burak: What the hell is the big idea?!
Majin:(Rubbing his butt) Ow my ass.....

	Burak lifted Majin into the air by his collar, suspending him off the ground a good foot.

Burak: Pay attention when I'm talking to you punk!
Majin: Sorry, but my ass really hurts.
Burak: Oh?! Still holding your pain more important then mine?!
Majin: Well...yea. I really don't care about your pain, it doesn't directly effect me. I'm only 
concerned about getting some ice for my ass.
Burak: That's it smart-ass!! Meet me by the soccer field right after the last bell, and I'll show
 you how it directly affects you. Oh, and if you aren't there, then I'll come to your house and 
beat the tar out of you there! Got it?
Majin: Got it.
Burak: Good. Don't be late, I hate waiting.

	With that, Burak dropped Majin on his but, turned around, and walked down the hall, 
snapping his fingers to his chorines as he passed them. They immediately scooped up Burak's 
things, and scurried off after him. One of them turned his head to Majin for a moment.

Senshin: I suggest you take some lacrosse padding and put it on underneath your clothes. Burak 
punches really hard.

	Before Majin could thank Senshin, he had already caught up to Burak, and was around the 
corner. Majin got to his feet and dusted himself off. He tried to hobble his way back to 
classroom 1-B, but he didn't get too far before the Lunch 
Break End Bell had rung, and he was swept away in a see of High School students.

------------->Soccer Field 3:15 PM
	Majin Stood in the soccer field, a crowd had formed around him. It made him uneasy, and 
every moment he had waited, just made it worst. Korin, Matoko, and Kyojo were standing at the 
edge of the circle, waiting to see the fight with front row seats. 

Majin: Damn....look at this crowd...
Matoko: Word travels fast.
Majin: You guys didn't have to announce it to every one in the school.
Kyojo: We know we didn't, we just felt like showing everyone how you would cream his ass in.
Majin: I can already taste victory.
Korin: Yea dude, your going to win.
Majin: Quick! Catch the sarcasm as it drips!
Matoko: Nah, ain't got time.
Majin: You guys better not be betting on this.
Kyojo: Don't worry, we are.
Majin: ....I guess I should say don't bet against me.
Kyojo: Don't worry, we will.
Majin: What great friends I have.

	Suddenly the crowd's mummer came to a sudden halt. An isle parted to Majin's left, 
through which Burak and his cronies walked. Burak stepped into the center with Majin, and the 
others stepped to the side to become spectators. Majin looked to his adversary with fear in his 
eyes.

Burak: Ready to die twerp?
Majin: Hang on, let me run down to city hall and clea-
Burak: No. I'm not gonna let you get away that easily.
Majin: Damn.

	Burak took a menacing step towards Majin, cracking his knuckles. 

Burak: Shall we get this started?
Majin: Epp.
Burak: I'll take that as a yes.

	Burak swung his arm in the air to warm up. Majin stood ready to take the oncoming attack. 

Burak: Lets go!
Majin:(confidently) Hai!

	The fight had begun. Burak charged at Majin, swinging wide at him from the left. Majin 
ducked to dodge the attack.  Burak quickly uppercut him with his right, but Majin pulled back, 
so it only nicked his hair. Majin realized that all he could do is dodge the attacks, and wear 
the bully out, then he would strike Burak soon became irritated Majin's speed. Burak changed his 
strategy, and started to kick at Majin as well as throw punches. Burak kicked wide at Majin's 
side with his right, which Majin caught with his forearm. Burak then punched full force at his 
chest. Majin threw his hand up to block, but the force was too strong and Majin was shocked, and 
stumbled backwards a bit. Majin looked back to see Burak's left foot coming at his side. He tried
 to block by jumping back in the air, but his movement was still a bit slowed by the punch, so 
the kick hit him at mid-thigh. Majin flew to the side from the force of the kick, but landed on 
his feet. The crowd was shocked that he was still standing.

Burak: Heh. Your pretty tough. Too bad I have to kick the shit out of you.
Majin: Bring it on, ugly.
Burak: Ugly?! 

	Majin spit at Burak's feet. Burak glared at Majin, and ran at him, Left hand in the air. 
Majin had no time to ready himself, and Burak punched him straight in the face. The crowd groaned
 as Majin fell to the ground. Majin tried to pull himself to his feet, but Burak kicked him in 
the side, and he dropped back to the ground. Burak kicked him again and again until Majin stopped
 trying to get up. Burak held his hand out to his cronies. Divken hesitantly handed him a 
baseball bat, which Burak took and swung in the air. He pointed it to Majin, and said to him as 
he rolled onto his back.

Burak: Now, you feel the wrath of Burak!
Majin: Bite me pig!

	Burak lifted the bat in the air, and Majin realized he was actually going to beat him 
with it. Burak tensed a bit with the bat above his head, he was ready to swing at anytime. Majin 
closed his eyes. He knew what was coming next, the feel of the force on his body, then a sharp 
pain across the chest and bleeding. Majin thought that this truly could be the end for him, as 
he waited for the strike. Burak smashed the bat down on the concrete where Majin was. The crowd 
gasped. Burak soon realized that his victim was not under his weapon.

Burak: Where the hell did he go?!
Majin: Over here ugly!

	Burak turned around to see Majin standing holding his side. Burak stared in disbelief at
 the teenager.

Korin: P-ph-phase!!?
Matoko: What?!
Korin: He just phased!
Kyojo: Your kidding me! 
Korin: I have no idea how he did it, but he just did!!

	Burak charged at Majin with rage. Nobody had ever escape Burak's clutches before, but 
somehow this weakling had. Burak swung at Majin, but just hit air. Majin was already behind Burak
, making faces at him behind his back. It seemed that his wounds had healed, and he moved with as
 much if not more ease and agility as he did before the fight had started. Burak turned and swung
 at him, but Majin jumped back to dodge, and caught the bat with his hand. The crowd gasped. 
Burak stared at him and blinked.

Burak: What the hell are you?!?!
Majin: Right now, your worst nightmare!

	Majin threw the bat to the side, and Burak with it. Burak hit the ground and dropped the 
bat. He lifted himself on his hands, and looked up to see the end of bat pointed at him. 

Majin: I've won.
Burak: N-n-never!!! The great Burak never looses!!
Majin: Then let me be the first.
Burak: I will never conc-

	Burak Felt the tip of a lacrosse stick on his back. It was Senshin. Divken had a hockey 
stick in his hands. 

Burak: You dare defy me?!
Senshin: Your strength has gotten to your head. You've lost all your friends to it.
Burak: But what about my followers?
Divken: You have no followers, just those that are too afraid of 'Burak's Wrath' to know what's 
good for them.
Burak: You guys are still my friends, right?
Senshin: Not since you first beat a kid senseless. We've just been trailing behind you out of 
fear since then.

	Majin took the bat and smashed it over his knee. He dropped it to the ground and walked 
out of the circle.

Korin: Where are you going?
Majin: To think.

	Everyone moved out of the way to let him through. After he was away from the fight circle
, he leaped into the air and phased out.

Senshin: From this day on, nobody will ever be bullied around by Burak, or anyone for that matter
!!

	The crowd cheered, and Burak slowly climbed to his feet, and walked away towards the 
mall, hoping to find someone to bully there. Korin, Kyojo, and Matoko were for once proud to be 
friends of Majin, but they lost a lot of money betting on him. Majin was seen less and less often
 after then, and then eventually disappeared, and was never seen by any of them again, well, 
except for one.

------------->School boundaries 3:29 PM
	Ryoko stood on a tree. She had watch the events of the fight unfold. She had a feeling 
Majin would win from the beginning, and was satisfied to see that she was correct. She leaped off
 the branch and flew through the afternoon sky towards the bus station. She spoke to herself.

Ryoko: Hmmm. Very interesting. Similar powers to me. Maybe he knows my origin.

	She changed course and flew off into the horizon.
