Standard Disclaimer: I don't have anything to do with ACI or Pioneer. I'm
not
making any money off this.

What Up: Hey y'all this is F.T.W. and I have an announcement. I may very
well
be quitting for a little bit. I'm still gonna write but not post for a
while.
When I do come back I'll have like 4 new stories for ya'll I promise. I am
gonna put out 1 or 2 mroe stories before then. Now I know you're all
thinking
"Hey! What am I supposed to do until then?!" and well I don't know! I'm
gonna
TRY to sell an idea for a real Anime show using all new characters! It
sounded really good to me. I'm using all new characters except Jynx and K
but
I am changing them a little bit like their last names, image, attitude, past

and alatta other stuff. So if anyone wants to help me sell my idea I'd be
real grateful and who knows, if it sells ya might make a quick buck. Well
with that said here's my story.

It was a bright sunny day on Jurai. It was about noon and the palace was
all a buzz as a new Emperor was to be crowned today. Makido was hanging out
in the palace halls looking at the scenery. He was sitting at the edge of a
balcony when Sasami came running up from behind him.

"Hi Makido."

"Hmmm, Hi Sasami."

"What're you doing?"

"Just staring out at that field. Never really noticed it before."

"Oh....Ayeka and I use to go there all the time. It's real nice."

"Hmm, I bet it is."

"Are you alright Makido?"

"More or less."

"More or less? What do you mean?"

"Well...it's kinda hard to explain."

"That's alright I'll do my best to understand."

"Alright. You seemed to know the guy who's taking the throne."

"Yeah, he was arranged to marry Ayeka."

"Well I don't think he should have this planet....I don't think he's
worthy."

"Then don't give it to him."

"I don't want the throne but I'm more concerned about you. I have a feeling
that if this guy goes into power you'll never be queen."

"That's alright."

"What's his name anyway?"

"Seiryou."

"I think I will make you last decree....I gatta go. But I'll talk to ya
later."

"Bye."

"See ya."

Makido ran down the hall and went to the conference room. The nobles were
talking to Seiryou.

"Ah, Makido. Perfect timing. Are you ready to hand the throne over?"

"No, I have one maybe two last decrees."

"Go ahead."

"I would like to decree that when she meets all the appropriated
requirements
Sasami will take over the throne despite who is in power. Also I shall also
decree that no one, no future emperor, queen or anything else shall reverse
those decrees."

"Well you are the Emperor so it must be."

"Wait a second. What are thinking Makido?"

"I'm thinking your not gonna be able to handle this position."

"What?! How dare you!"

"What? Did I offend you?"

"Yes!"

"Too bad. Tell you what. You wanna prove me wrong and fight?"

"Fight? You mean with swords?"

"Yeah, no wait I'll tell you what you can have a sword I'll use my fists."

"If I win your decree becomes void?"

"Fine. If I win you never show your face on this planet again."

"Makido we beg of you don't do this. If you win who will take over the
throne?"

"I already thought of that. Don't worry. Trust me. Well let's go. No need
waiting."

"A-alright. Heh, I'll cut you up like sushi."

"We'll see."

Makido, Seiryou and the nobles walked out to the field that Makido was
looking at earlier. Sasami was out there with Mihoshi walking around.

"Now, this is to the death."

"It's bad enough you wanted to fight me without a weapon when I have a sword

but now you want to fight to the death."

Sasami and Mihoshi went over to see what was going on. One of the nobles
pulled them to the side so they wouldn't play a factor. The fight began with

Seiryou taking vicious swings at Makido, after every swing Makido quickly
jabbed Seiryou in the face. After that went on for a little while Seiryou
desperately jabbed. Makido made the sword go through his forearm so Seiryou
couldn't get it back out.

"Heh, looks like you made a mistake."

"Wait this isn't fair!"

"You had a sword. Now it's ass kickin' time."

"No please. I give up."

"Too late."

"Nobles, help me!"

"No, it's against the rules. You accepted the fight."

Makido grabbed Seiryou by his shirt and lifted him into the air. He threw
him
to the ground several time. Makido began to stomp on his spine and kick him
in the side. Seiryou began to cry and cough up blood. Makido grabbed his
arms
and head and put him in a camel clutch. He began to pull back. Again and
again. Eventually  Seiryou's head was ripped off. Sasami and Mihoshi
screamed
and turned away. Makido did a quick prayer and walked to the nobles.

"Splendid but now who's gonna take the throne?"

"You of course."

"What? Me? But I'm not of royal blood."

"So what?"

"No, I-I couldn't."

"Listen, you're the head noble, now your Emperor. Most people would be
happy."

"....yes sir. What do you plan to do?"

"Well I was going back to Earth but I don't think I will now. Instead I
think
I'll just work."

"Work as a commoner?"

"Yeah why not?"

"It just wouldn't look proper."

"Boohoo. So what?"

"How about this....you seem to like battles. How about we appoint you head
of
military actions?"

"....sounds good."

"Alright. Well lets go back into the palace. We'll have someone release a
statement about what happened."

"No that's alright. I'll do it but I think I'd better do it now. Coronation
begins in an hour. I suggest you get ready."

Makido went back to the palace and prepared to release a statement to Jurai
about Seiryou's death. As he called an emergency meeting of press all
television programs were interrupted.

".....what up? Ok, I'm gonna make this shot and sweet. Seiryou has been
killed. The one time suitor for Princess Ayeka was killed in battle only 14
minutes ago by decapitation. Now, enough of that as it was Seiryou was to
take over the throne of Jurai in 45 minutes when I step down to become head
of military operations. I have appointed a new man to take my place until
Princess Sasami is married and can take over the throne. The new emperor of
Jurai will be head noble Paltinre. That is all."

The T.V.'s went back to their usual programs and the message was more or
less
ignored by citizens.

".....nicely put your highness."

"Heh, not really but I think it was good enough. Well, shall we? Might as
well get this done."

"In deed."

The ceremony was rather long but everything that had to be done was done.
Paltinre was named the new Emperor and Makido was named the new head of
military operations.

"Ahh, best of luck to you your highness."

"Hahaha, same to you sir. Well what now?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well you've killed a possible Emperor, changed the course of Jurai's
history
and are now in charge of the whole military. That includes police, guards,
and even the galactic police to some extent."

"Yes I understand that. Well I think it be wise to put a few guards around
you and Princess Sasami for a little bit."

"Of course."

"Well if you don't mind I'll be taking off now."

"Yes, so long."

"Your highness."

Makido bowed and left.

The night was very dark. Makido walked the halls looking for Mihoshi. When
he
found her she was sitting on the floor in the halls shaking.

"Mihoshi, what's wrong? Are you cold?"

"No, I'm scared. I think that something really bad's gonna happen."

"Wattya mean?"

"I don't know!"

"C'mon Mihoshi. I think maybe you need some sleep."

Makido walked Mihoshi to her room in the palace and left her to sleep. He
went right back onto walking the halls. It grew late and he ran into Sasami.

"Sasami....go to bed. It's late."

"I know."

"Then why are you up? You know your sister made me promise her I'd take car
of you."

"Yeah I know."

"....seems I'm taking alata people to bed tonight."

"Whatd'ya mean?"

"Mihoshi was scared that something bad was gonna happen so I had to walk her

to her room so she could sleep."

"Oh."

"Who's there! Sasami look out!"

Mihoshi fired a shot in the dark. It hit Makido in the stomach and he fell
back against a wall.

"No!"

"Sasami don't near him!"

"Mihoshi it's Makido!"

Mihoshi ran to Makido as did Sasami.

"Ow."

"Waaahhhh! Makido I'm sorry I didn't know it was you! I'm sorry. I'm sorry."

"It's alright Mihoshi."

"Help! Someone help!"

Makido put his hand over Sasami's mouth and shook his head.

"Makido......"

Mihoshi hugged Makido in an attempt to keep him alive.

"Hey, could you do me a favor, let go."

Mihoshi got up and took a few steps back. Makido put one hand on the wall
and
the other on the wall and pushed himself to his feet. He stumbled over to
the
field that he fought in earlier. He walked about half way in and laid in the

grass. Sasami and Mihoshi stayed a little back. When he laid down they got
closer and sat down next to him.

"Makido stay here. I'm gonna get some help."

Sasami took off to get someone that could help Makido.

"Well, this sucks."

Makido laughed a little but Mihoshi was still crying.

"Mihoshi, don't cry. I did everything I wanted to do."

"No Makido! Don't...don't. You can't leave me!"

"I'm sorry Mihoshi. Listen will you do me one favor?"

"What?"

"In my shirt pocket there's a small button. When I die press it before
Sasami
gets back. I don't want her to have to see me. Mmm."

"Makido!"

"I'm sorry Mihoshi. I love you."

Makido closed his eyes and died in the field. A fatal shot from Mihoshi. She

did as he asked her. She pressed the button and Makido's body disappeared.

"Nnoooo!"
Mihoshi fell to her stomach and cried into the ground until Sasami came
back.

"Wha-what happened to Makido?"

"He's dead. He asked me to press this and his body disappeared."

Sasami's eyes began to water and she looked around. She then realized that
walls were purple. She thought for a second, purple walls, Mihoshi. Makido
was right, he'd die in a room with purple walls and Mihoshi would kill him.
Mihoshi turned to Sasami and squeezed her tightly.

"I'm sorry Sasami....I didn't mean to. I'm sorry."

Sasami dropped to her knees and hugged Mihoshi.

"I know Mihoshi."

-The End
