I didn't make any money off this and I don't own the characters.


Mama2
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Ryoko smiled down at Mayuka. The little baby was so cute. And
she always smiled at Ryoko, just like Tenchi had when he was a baby.
Ryoko rocked Mayuka softly and said, "I love you May. Always
remember that."
  Tenchi smiled at her from the door. "You're a great mom Ryoko."
She turned and smirked, her fangs peeking over her lips. "Why thank
you Tenchi. You are a great dad." Tenchi walked in and kissed
Ryoko. Mayuka giggled and wrinkled her nose, causing both of them
to smile at her. It had been almost a week since Asuza and his wives
had come to visit, and they had two days left before they went back
to Jurai. It had been a good time. Asuza seemed to have forgiven him
for Ayeaka and Sasami's staying on Earth, and had even stopped
frowning as much. Funaho and Misaki were always saying how much
calmer he seemed since coming to visit.
  It was dawn on Saturday and everyone was sleeping in. Weekends
Sasami didn't cook or clean. She had wanted to but the others had
insisted since she did most of the work durring the week. Tenchi and
Ryoko though always got up early to check on Mayuka. She may
have not been their natural child but Ryoko and Tenchi loved her
both the same, and it was that shared love that had brought them
together. Ofcourse the others helped to when Ryoko let them. They
were all Mayuka's family, but Ryoko was her mom.
  Ryoko looked up at Tenchi, "Could you make her a bottle? I don't
want to move incase she wakes up." Tenchi smiled and nodded. "No
problem. I was going down to get some cereal anyway. Do you want
any?" Ryoko nodded but kept her eyes on the baby. Tenchi turned
and left the room. Walking down the stairs he saw Masaki and
Sasami in the kitchen. "Good morning Sasami, your magesty." He
said. Masaki looked up and smiled. "Hello Tenchi. Sasami was just
teaching me how to make eggs. That's alright isn't it?" Tenchi smiled
and nodded. "It's great. Sasami always seems to enjoy cooking." He
reached into the cabnet and got a two bowls and a box of cereal.
Then he got some milk out of the refrigerator and poured some into
his bowls and a bottle for Mayuka. Masaki watched him the whole
time with interest.
  Tenchi blushed and looked at her. "I'm sorry am i in your way?" She
smiled and shook her head, "No, it's just interestign how you do that.
Your greatgrandmother Funaho does the same thing when she wants
something. Always knows right where it is and what to do with it.
Must come from being born here." Tenchi smiled and loaded up on
his breakfast supplies. Nodding to Masaki and Sasami he carried
them it all upstairs before he realized he'd forgotten to get spoons.
Ryoko smiled at him, "It's no problem Tenchi." She took the bowl in
one hand and tipped it back, drinking the whole thing down. Tenchi
shrugged and did the same.
  Ryoko gave Mayuka her bottle, making sure to giver her time to
breath. Mayuka's were specialy made by Washu because the little
baby had very sharp fangs and tended to eat through the rubber
nipples. "You know Tenchi, I thought it was the happiest day in my
life when you told me you loved me. But looking at Mayuka I realize
now that since then every day of my life has been just as happy."
Ryoko looked up at him and Tenchi smiled back. "I know what you
mean Ryoko." They kissed again then Tenchi kissed Mayuka's head.
Ryo-oki peeked her head around the door. "Meow?" They turned
and smiled at her. "Here to see your neice Ryo-oki?" The cabbit girl
nodded and smiled at Mayuka. The baby smiled back and reaches
for her. Ryo-oki played with Mayuka's hands and made funny faces
so she'd laugh. Tenchi and Ryoko giggled to.

  After a while they carried Mayuka downstairs and sat with her in the
livingroom surrounded by their family. Everyone kept trying to get in
as much time with the baby as possible. Ryoko laughed when
Mayuka sneezed and wrinkled her nose. "Oh she's so cute!" Masaki,
Mihoshi, and Sasami all said at once. Tenchi smiled and was about to
offer to hold her when the door to Washu's lab burst open. "We have
a problem everyone." They all turned to look at her. Washu walked
over to Asuza and his wives. "Are you aware that the most powerful
ships in Jurai's millitary are on their way to Earth?" Asuza looked
startled and shook his head. "No. Put me in touch with them and I will
find out what is going on."
  Washu held out a small and placed it on the television. Suddenly the
bridge of a spaceship appeared on the screen. The man in front
snapped to attention. "Emperor Asuza." Asuza frowned and looked
directly at him. "What is the meaning of this. Why are you coming to
Earth?" The man bit his lip. "Well you see sir the holy cousel of Jurai
has taken possetion of the daughter of crown prince Tenchi and has
ordered us to deliver her to them through whatever means neccisary."
Asuza's frowm deepend. "I think the babies mother and father may
have something to say about that." The captain of the spaceship
looked confused. "Her mother? But our reports indicate that Yuhuza
is dead." Asuza nodded. "Yes, but I was refering to Ryoko."
  The man's eyes snapped open. "Ryoko!" The emperor nodded.
"Yes. now exactly why has the cousel ordered you to take Mayuka?"
The captain frowned. "It seems they do not feel that she can be raised
appropriately in a house where a spacepirate lives and that is
constantly under attack from Class A criminals." Asuza frowned and
turned to Tenchi and the others. "What do you say about this?" They
all frowned to match Asuza and said, "Over our dead bodies!" The
empreror turned back to the screen. The captain had meanwhile
finished identifying every member of the family. His knee's were
shaking and he stammered, "We...well sir... if you would come with
us the cousel has stipulated that you will be given the chance to
persuade them otherwise. If not we will have to take the baby..." His
shaking voice lowerd, "...by force if neccisary."
  Ryoko's eyes glowed red and she looked right at the captain. "Just
try it." The captain just stood there to scared to move. Asuza turned
to the group. "This isn't good. I may be emperor but the counsel of
Jurai makes decisions like this. They can circumvent me." Kyonei
nodded in agreement. "And we can't do anything because the laws of
the Galaxy police state that no officer may interfere with the orders
of the cousel under penalty of death." Mihoshi looked at her. "Would
that hurt?" Kyonei sighed and nodded.
  Funaho looked at Ryoko. "Do you wish to try pleading your case to
the cousel?" Ryoko thought about it and looked at tenchi. He just
looked back and shrugged. "Well, alright. But if they do anything to
try to take May from me I will have to stop them. You understand
that right?" The emperor and his wives nodded. "Ofcourse by
supporting you in this should you actualy have to attack Jurai we will
be dethrowned and considered traitors. We will either be executed or
exiled. So you can see why we hope it doesn't come to that." Ryoko
nodded. Ayeaka put her hand on Ryoko's shoulder. "You know that
you are not my favorite person in the universe, but if they do try to
take Mayuka I am willing to help you. I will not allow this family to be
separated." Ryoko smiled up at her. "Thank you princess." Sasami
looked up. "Same here Ryoko." Ryoko smiled and rubbed her head.
"Well we'd better pack. It's a long way to Jurai."

  The ships came to pick them up at noon the next day. It seemed that
all of the strongest ships had been sent incase of a fight. "Not that it
would do much good, "Ryoko said. Washu nodded in agreement. "I
made you and Ryo-oki much better than this." The family had agreed
to go on the condition that they be allowed to travel in Asuza's ship,
not trusting the others. The captain had agreed and opened the gate
into hyperspace. The ship lifted off and the family waved goodbye to
Earth. "You know these constant trips into space always make my
stomache act up," Nobuyuki said. Tenchi agreed. Too bad we could
not convince grandfather to come with us." Asuza smirked and shook
his head. "Yosho's head is harder than mine when it comes to
decisions."
  Tenchi smiled and took Ryoko's hand, his fingers rubbing against the
gem in her wrist. Once Washu had figured out how they were
keeping Yosho alive she had quickly arranged it so that Tenchi could
give Ryoko her gems back. The gem tingled against his fingers and
he found himself talking to Ryoko inside her mind. 'So this is what it's
like.' Ryoko grinned and looked at him. 'Yep, welcome to my mind
Tenchi.' Tenchi smiled and they spent afew minutes basking in
eachothers emotions. Suddenly they felt something new and they saw
Mayuka touching Ryoko's wrist. 'Mama? Dada?' They smiled down
at her. 'Hello May,' Tenchi thought. The little girl giggled inside their
heads. Suddenly they were interupted by Ayeaka. "There are some
things you need to know when dealing with the Holy cousel of Jurai.
We will have to go over them while we travel." Tenchi and Ryoko
sighed. Ayeaka had tried to teach them Juraian customs occasionaly.
There were so many rules though that both he and Ryoko had gotten
huge headaches. And that was just learning the proper way to eat at
a guest's house.

  A week later they arrived on Jurai. Tenchi and Ryoko had been
drilled in counsel customs. They were taken to a resort hotel and givin
the finest foods and clothes on Jurai. Unfortunately everyone but
Nobuyuki were too worried to eat. When Tenchi asked him how he
could eat at a time like this he simply said, "How can I not? I mean
when will I get the chance to eat food from another planet?" Tenchi
just shrugged and passed him a plate of fruit.
  They spent three days in the hotel before their meeting with the Jurai
counsel. Durring that time they had a chance to relax and enjoy some
of the joys of the planet. When the day finaly came though they were
taken to the capital. They were lead down a dark hallway to a large
room. Surrounding them were a great many figures, but the only light
in the room focused on them so they couldn't see anything but
shadows. When they arrived in the center of the room a voice began
to announce them by name. "Asuza Jurai, Emperor of Jurai. Funaho,
First Empress of Jurai and royal bodyguard. Masaki, second Empress
of Jurai. Ayeaka Jurai, crown princess. Sasami Jurai, second princess.
Tenchi Misaki, crown prince of Jurai and grandson of Yosho Jurai.
Noboyuki Misaki, son in law of Yosho and father of Tenchi. Mayuka
Misaki, princess of Jurai. Washu Hukabi, scientist. First class
detectives Kyoeni and Mihoshi. And Ryoko and Ryo-oki Hukabi."
  The last names on the list started cries of outrage from the
assembled men and women. The spokesman addressed the counsel
and said, "Keep in mind that Ryoko and Ryo-oki have entered the
statute of limitations and have been pardoned for their crimes when
it was proven that they were being controled by Kagato, who is now
deceased." The yells died down though they could all feel an intense
hatred circling the room.
  "The purpose of this meeting is to determine if Tenchi Misaki and the
people who live with him are sutable to raise a princess of Jurai."
Tenchi put his arm around Ryoko and looked back at the assembled
Juraians. "We will hear testimony for and against and decide on the
action which will be best for the child." Tenchi nodded and Ryoko
held Mayuka closer. The baby was looking around in amazement at
the loud voices.
  "The counsel calls as it's first witness Serio, third lord in the fifth
house of Jurai, to give testimony. Once the counsel finishes with him
the others will be given a chance to question him." The light shone on
a seat that looked like a court witness stand. Serio sat there looking
alot like he had when they first saw him. "Serio, what it your
relationship to the people before you?" Serio held a fan nfront of his
face. "I was once betrothed by the emperor to the beutious princess
Ayeaka. Tenchi challenged me for her right to stay on Earth at the
behest of the emperor." The voice spoke again, "And did he defete
you?" Serio blushed behind his fan. "I suppose technicaly." The voice
pressed the point. "Explain 'technicaly' to us." Serio's blush deepend
and he said, "Well while we were preparing to duel officer Mihoshi's
ship crashed into the lake and since I didn't see it coming I was swept
into the lake and Tenchi was declaired the winner."
  "So Tenchi did not actualy fight you. How do we in the cousel know
that he is capable of defending his family should he be put in a similar
situation?" The voices around them mumbled in hushed tones. "How
do we even know that this boy has the honor to raise her correctly if
he has no honor?" Tenchi and the others gritted their teeth while the
assembled talked about this point. "Now it is your turn to ask some
questions."
  Washu had been apponited by the group to do this so she stepped
up. "Serio, did Tenchi himself either back down from the fight or claim
to have one?" Serio shook his head. "No he didn't, though they had
to talk him into it." Washu nodded. "And when the ship crashed, did
he not warn you? Was there no warning of any kind?" Serio moved
uneasily in his seat. "Well he was making some gestures and said
something about it being dangerous. And the other people there did
open umbrellas just before it happened. I was distracted though."
Washu raised an eyebrow. "And what were you doing that kept you
from seeing a spaceship that everyone else, including your opponent
saw?" Serio frowned and set his fan down. "I was bragging about
how I was going to beat him." Washu nodded. "Now, when you
challenged Tenchi to a fight, did you know that he had the power to
use the lighthawk wings?" Serio's eyes got huge and he slowly shook
his head while the counsel gave various noises of suprise. "Yet when
you challenged him did Tenchi use this power?" Serio once again
shook his head. "No, he met me with the master key. If i had known
about the wings I wouldn't have fought him. I was not even made
aware that he was crown prince until afterwards." Washu turned to
the counsel. "He has power greater than that of any other Juraian, yet
when challenged to a fair fight he only planned to use the same
amount of power as his opponent. What could be more honorable?"
  The counsel made noises of agreement with Washu and the light on
Serio vanished. The others smiled at Washu and Mayuka laughed.
Washu winked at them and joined them. "It is now your turn to call a
witness to the stand." Washu grinned evily. "Then I call Dr.Clay to the
stand." The others gasped. Ryoko looked at Washu, "What do you
think you're doing. That guy will do anything to hurt us." Washu just
smiled. The light once again shined down on the witness stand and
there stood Dr.Clay in handcuffs surrounded by two guards and
wearing a glowing collar aound his neck.
  Washu walked up to him. "Now Dr.Clay, you are currently wearing
a truth collar so are incapable of telling a lie, correct?" The doctor
nodded his head. Washu walked up to him. "Now tell the counsel
exactly what happened to the Zero model when you had her copy
Ryoko. What did you learn while she was living with these people?"
Dr.Clay sighed and began to speak. "She integrated into the family
in an attempt to bring you to me. Unfortunately the copying process
was to good and the emotions of Ryoko for that boy there overrode
her primary directive." Washu smiled and nodded. "And what orders
did you give that she contradicted?"
  "I ordered her to kill the boy if he got in her way. She found a way
to circumvent that by attempting to bring you to me. Then on the ship
I had told her to stay in her room until I called her. She came to me
and fired upon me demanding that I not involve the boy. Then I
activated her self destruct and somehow voided that aswell." Washu
nodded. "So you are saying that her love for Tenchi, overrode the
very core of her being." He nodded again. Turning back to the
counsel she smiled. "No more questions."
  The spokesman declined to ask Dr.Clay any further questions.
Next he called up Sasami. She walked to the empty seat that the light
shown on. "Princess Sasami. You and your sister have chosen to
stay on Earth. Why?" Sasami smiled and said, "Because that is where
my family lives and it's a beutiful world." The voice continued, "But
what about your parents? Aren't they your family?" Sasami nodded
and said, "Ofcourse they are. I love my parents. But they come visit
and they don't need me as much as the others." After a minute while
the assembled discussed that he asked, "By need you you mean you
do most of the work at lord Tenchi's house correct? The cooking
and cleaning?" She smiled again. "Yes, but not because I have to. I
like doing it. Infact when I do too much they insist I stop and refuse
to let me work at all." The counsel seemed confused as to why
anyone would like to do labor they didn't have to and the spokesman
asked Sasami that. "Oh it makes me feel useful and I think it is a real
character builder. It keeps me from becoming spoiled." The speaker
took that and ran with it, "Would you please give examples of how
such activities change a person?" Sasami thought about it for a minute
and then said, "Well I can compair. For example Serio was raised as
a normal Juraian lord and he is very full of himself. Ayeaka and Yosho
used to be the same way but after a while on Earth they seem to be
calmer, happier people and are willing to do their own work."
  The spokesman said it was Washu's turn, but she didn't feel she
needed to ask her anything. Suddenly Washu turned to the counsel.
"Before I call my next person, I was curious as to just who made the
holy counsel of Jurai?" The spokeman spoke up again, "It was formed
by Tsunami who invested the originaly counsel with the wisest people
on Jurai." Washu smiled and nodded. "In that case I wish to ask the
goddess Tsunami to the stand." The counsel let out cries of ourage
and disbelief. "Washu you can not have Tsunami take the stand, she
is a tree." Washu smiled at Sasami who once again took the stand.
The speaker said, "No Sasami we said 'Tsunami'." Sasami smiled and
her form shimmered becoming that of a young woman instead of the
child she had been. The counsel was stunned to silence. "Tsunami,
would you please explain to the counsel how you and Sasami came
to be linked?" Tsunami carefuly told them how when Ryoko had been
forced to attack Jurai Sasami had been injured and to save the young
princess' life she had melded with her. Washu smiled and asked
her, "You have lived with the family and seen their lives. In your
oppnion is Mayuka in a healthy enviroment to grow?" Tsunami smiled
and nodded. "Yes. In fact if she were raised on Jurai it would pose a
threat to the planet."
  Washu raised an eyebrow. "How so?" Tsnunami smiled. "Well she
will one day be as powerful as both Ryoko and Tenchi. Nobody on
Jurai is able to match that power so can not make Mayuka do
anything. The first time she gets mad, should she be here she may just
destroy the planet by accident. Only Ryoko, Tenchi, and the others
residing on Earth have the ability to raise her correctly."
  Washu smiled and stepped back to allow the speaker to have his
shot. "Um, since the goddess who created Jurai and the holy counsel
has said we should leave Mayuka's care in the hands of Tenchi
Misaki and Ryoko there is nothing we can do. She is now completely
and totaly their child and the counsel renounces any claim on her."
  Tenchi and the others cheered and hugged. The lights came on and
the group looked around at the assembled people. A man stepped
forward and smiled at them. When he spoke they recognized him as
the voice of the counsel. "Very good. You have won the counsel's
approval." They smiled and nodded. None of them felt it best to
mention that if the counsel had decided to take Mayuka the entire
group would be buisy burning the place to the ground.

  Tenchi and Ryoko were holding Mayuka and looking out the
window of their hotel. "Tenchi we'll be together forever wont we?"
He put his arm around her and kissed her cheek. "Yes Ryoko. I
promise." They put Mayuka into her crib and lay down to go to sleep.
  Tenchi was woken up later by a horrible scream. Snapping awake
he immediately found himself in full armor holding the lighthawk sword.
"What is it Ryoko, what's wrong?" Ryoko looked at him. The glow of
the sword on her face showed tears streaming down her cheeks. She
held up a note, unable to talk. Tenchi took it and read it. "We have
taken Mayuka so that the royal blood of Jurai will not be tainted. She
will be killed to protect the purity of the Jurai race and your pitiful
attempt to make us believe that you can contact the goddess Tsunami
will do you no good." Tenchi's eyes narrowed and his jaw clenched.
  Ryoko put a hand on her shoulder. "Tenchi we have to get Washu.
She'll know where Mayuka is." He nodded and they quickly ran to
Washu's room. They woke her up and told her what had happened.
Washu's eyes narrowed and she summoned up her computer. "I kept
a record of Mayuka's basic life signs. I took them a while ago. I may
be able to... oh no." Ryoko and Tenchi looked at her. "What? What's
wrong Washu?" She took a deep breath. "Whomever they are they
are blocking my equipment. It wouldn't normaly be such a big deal
since I could easily figure out where the block orrginated by looking
for blank spots, but there are over three hundred places like that on
the planet." Washu slamed her hand through the wall. "Why did I
give up my god-hood?" Suddenly they stopped and all looked at
eachother. "Tsunami!"
  They quickly ran out of the room and down to Sasami's. They woke
her up and told her what was wrong. Sasami looked at the large
mirror that was placed over her bed and Tsunami melted out of it.
"I do not know where Mayuka is Washu. I do not have full control
of my powers. Until Sasami merges with me we will only be at a
fraction of my real strength. But... I think we both know who could
help us with this." Washu bit her lip. Tenchi and the others looked at
her. "Who? Who do you think could help?" Washu and Tsunami
looked at eachother again and on the same breath they whispered
out, "Tokimi." Washu looked at them. "We can ask her for help, but
it may do more harm than good. She may refuse us outright and we
will have lost precious time. She may demand payment. She may also
decide to destroy us for bothering her. By doing that Tsunami and I
would be returned to our goddess selfs. You would be dead though."
  Tenchi and Ryoko looked at eachother. Suddenly Ryoko got an
idea. "How about if you go ask her while we continue to look
around?" Washu smiled proudly and nodded. Turning back to
Tsunami sha said, "Do you think you have the power to take us
there?" Tsunami thought for a second, then nodded. "But Sasami will
have to come with us." Sasami looked at both of them. "I'd do any
thing to help Mayuka. Let's go." Washu set her computer to do a low
spectral analysis of the planet for any of Mayuka's scent molecules or
dead skin. "Have someone watch this for signs. We'll be back if we
can." Tsunami closed her eyes and the three of them were enveloped
in a blue light, leaving Ryoko and Tenchi in the room.
  Fifteen minutes later everyone was up and ready to go. Asuza and
the empresses had left to get the Jurai guard to help search and to
find out who from the counsel was missing. Kyonei had agreed to sit
and watch Washu's computer and Ryo-oki would be with her so they
could contact Ryoko with any information. Noboyuki, Mihoshi and
Ayeaka were going to join Ryoko in a search pattern until anything
new could be found out.
  They set out and searched through the area working out in a circle.
They were joined by several royal guards and assorted counsel
members who had decided to help. Meanwhile the broadcast was
going out across the planet that the daughter of the crown prince of
Jurai was kidnapped. Asuza had found five different members of the
counsel missing and had announced they if anyone see's them to
report them immediately.
  Every minute that passed everyone got more and more frantic. Who
knew what those men were doing to Mayuka? "Tenchi, if they do
hurt her..." Ryoko bit her lip and cried at the thought, "...do you think
Washu could bring her back again? Like she did the last time?"
Tenchi hugged her. "I'm sure of it Ryoko, but we're never going to
know because we are going to find her before anything like that
happens." She smiled and hugged Tenchi. Ryoko stopped suddenly
and listened intently. She turned to Tenchi. "They've eliminated half
the blank spots Washu mentioned, but there aren't enough people to
go faster. Kyonei says they got readings from Washu's computer at
thirteen different places that could be Mayuka's, but she suggests we
look at the other places just the same incase they're trying to throw us
off." Tenchi nodded and they headed towards the next spot on the
map.
  Half an hour later they had searched three more places. Ryoko
suddenly collapsed to her knees and sobbed. Tenchi put his arm
around her shoulders. "Ryoko we can't give up. We'll find May and
get home safely." Ryoko breathed in deeply and nodded. Getting up
she looked at him. All of a sudden her head snapped around to the
alley next to him and she summoned her sword. "Who's there?"
  A man with rags dripped over him peeked out at them. "You're
those two who were on t.v. a little while ago. Looking for your kid
right?" They nodded. "Well I saw four men who looked kinda familiar
run by here earlier. They had a baby with dark blue hair crying in
their arms. Woke me out of a sound sleep they did." Ryoko's eyes
lit up. "Did you see where they went?" The man nodded and pointed
to a large wearhouse. "In there."
  Ryoko closed her eyes and told Ryo-oki what happend. The cabbit
conveied this information to Kyonei (this took a while since she can't
talk). Kyonei relayed this information to the others and pretty soon
they were all standing outside the wearhouse. Ryoko lead the way
to the door. Asuza, who was some where to the left asked, "You're
sure that he said four right?" She nodded and knocked down the
door. Inside were four men surrrounding a small squiming bundle with
blue hair. The men turned to the group and fear shone in their eyes.
Asuza frowned. "I guess there were just four..." Suddenly he keeled
over followed by the guards and the others. Ryoko and Tenchi
turned around just in time to be hit by two more blasts. The 'bum'
fromt he alley sneered down at them. "Should have listened to
Asuza."
  When she woke up Ryoko was bound and gagged and felt
incredibly weak. "Tenchi..." Shaking her head she looked around her.
The four men from before and their informant stood there looking
down at her. "Ah you're awake. Now we can get started." The man,
who was obviously the ringleader, grabbed her by the hair and
twisted her head. Tenchi and the others lay on the floor. "You killed
our families Ryoko. Whether you were controled or not you did it
and now you're going to pay. First we're going to use you to destroy
that... monstrocity and then your loved ones. We were going to kill
Mayuka first but the little monster is too strong." Ryoko growled and
her eyes glowed red. "You can't use my powers without my help and
I will not do that." The men laughed and their leader sneered again.
"That would be the case... if we had not confinskated the pieces of
Kagato's ship from the Galaxy Police. Quite a bit of work actualy,
specificaly designed to use your powers to the full. We've spent
months outfitting this wearhouse with the equipment and weapons of
Soja.Then it was just a matter of getting you here."
  "You bastard. Why would you hurt an innocent baby like Mayuka?
What did she or the others ever do to you? Why don't you just kill
me and let them go?" The man snarled and kicked her ribs. Ryoko
gritted her teeth. "We are killing Mayuka because she is a monster
and a blight on the Royal bloodline. And we are killing the others to
allow you to feel the pain we did when you killed our families. We
may even spare you... nah, we'll kill you too. But not at first. First we
will use you to take control of Jurai and the rest of the universe."
  Ryoko with a trail of blood leaking from her mouth looked up at the
men, "She isn't the blight on the Royal family. You are. You're no
better than KagaAHHHH!" The man had thrown a switch on the
machine and Ryoko's gems started giving energy to their weapon.
Still at the controls the men worked the switches and the huge laser
from the Soja lowered from the ceiling. Ryoko's tears fell to the floor
when she heard Mayuka crying too. "I'm sorry Tenchi. Mayuka. I
loved you all... even Ayeaka." There was a sudden flash of green
light and Ryoko screamed  before passing out.

  Ryoko woke up in Washu's lab with Tenchi holding her hand. He
smiled and kissed her when she woke up. "It's alright Ryoko. We're
all fine." She whispered out, "Mayuka?" He smiled. "She's with the
others." Ryoko smiled and lay back. He head was pounding like
there was no tommarow. "What... what happened Tenchi?"
Washu came up behind him and smiled down at her. "Maybe I should
answer that question. You see..."

  Washu, Sasami and Tsunami had arrived There safely. They found
Tokimi sitting in her old place. She saw them comming and nodded.
"Hello sisters. I assume you are here for help?" They nodded.
"You're the only one who can help us Tokimi. Mayuka had been
kidnapped and we don't know where they are. Will you help us?"
Tokimi closed her eyes. "There will be a price for my help. If I help
you will you give it?" Washu looked at Sasami and Tsunami who
nodded in unison. Washu turned back and nodded. Tokimi smiles
and there was a flash of green light.
  They found themselves in the wearhouse. Ryoko was in the middle
of the room and the others were piled off to the side. Mayuka was
crying on a table where a huge laser was pointed. Five men stood at
a control panel and one was cursing. "What the hell happened? Why
isn't this thing working?" They turned around and Saw the three and a
half goddesses and squeeked. Tokimi frowned at them, her eyes
glowing green. "And just what were you planning to do with my
granddaughter and her family?" The ring leader stuttered and Tokimi
blinked. The bad guys (ok I ran out of things to call them, so sue me)
found themselves in prison surrounded by heavy guard. Washu and
Tsunami were bending over Ryoko and the others. "She's in pretty
bad shape. So are the others. We need to get them to my lab now."
They turned and found themselves in Washu's lab. Tenchi and the
others were fully healed but Ryoko was another matter. Tokimi
looked at Washu. "I can't heal her. She is to closely linked to your
power. You will have to do it your way." Washu nodded and got to
work

  "And now we're here. It wasn't easy Ryoko and before you ask,
yes I destroyed the Soja pieces." Ryoko sat up and Tenchi helped
her to stand. "I need to see Mayuka." Tenchi and Ryoko helped her
walk. On the way Ryoko turned to Washu. "What exactly did Tokimi
want for helping you?" Washu grinned and looked at Ryoko. "That's
the funny thing..." They walked through the door and saw Tokimi
sitting on the couch playing with Mayuka and surrounded by the
other members of the family. They all smiled and rushed towards
Ryoko hugging her, even Tokimi. Inside her head she heard Washu
laugh, 'It seems Tokimi just wanted to live with us and be part of the
family. She was trying to get in touch with us before that by sending
Dr.Clay and Yuhuza. Who would hve guessed?' Ryoko smiled and
took Mayuka in her arms.
  She smiled at Tokimi. Thank you for saving us Tokimi." The
goddess smiled and nodded. "What are grandmother's for?" They
all smiled and sat down. Mayuka looked up at Ryoko and giggled
before saying, "Mama!"

The end

Author's note.
  Well it's the sequel to Mama everyone was asking me for. I usualy
can't seem to slip in any action while trying to get Tenchi and Ryoko
together. So if I want to get any fighting done I have to do it in a story
where they're already together (ofcourse Ayeaka and Ryoko can
fight any time but I resolved that in the last one.) like I did in one of
my older oveds 'Consequenses of dreams that come true.' If you
want to contact me and tell me what you think of this one feel free to
email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com
