I don't own these characters and have made no money off of them.
This is my first Mayuka fic so please bear with me

Mama
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Ryoko smiled down at the little baby in the crib before her. She was
so different from the Mayuka Ryoko had hated. Just a cute little baby
who had never hurt anyone, who had never been controled by Yuhizah
and who had her entire life to live over right. Ryoko envied her that. To
be rid of the memories she had of Kagato she would have sacrificed
almost anything... except Tenchi. Still focused on the baby she didn't
see Tenchi enter the room behind her. "Hello Ryoko." She jumped and
looked at him. She smiled pleasantly and he tried to smile back, but
failed. "What's wrong Tenchi?" Sighing he looked up at her. "Ryoko...
I'm sorry." She raised an eyebrow. "For what? Tenchi you're acting
weirder than usual." He finaly met her eyes. "I'm sorry for hitting you,
for not believing you when you told me about Mayuka, and mostly for
just being a total jerk."
  Ryoko smiled at him and touched his cheek. "Tenchi I don't blaim you
for that. You couldn't have known and quite frankly I didn't exactly
handle it that well myself. You didn't even realy hurt me. It was just that
coming from you it just hit me a bit harder..." A tear trickled down her
cheek. Tenchi stepped forward and held her to him. Ryoko pressed
herself into Tenchi's arms never wanting to leave. She looked up at him
and smiled, "How about we let thye past be that past and just stick to
the future alright?" Tenchi smiled down at her and nodded. Ryoko saw
something in his eyes she had never seen before, something she had
wanted to see for a long time. Slowly they both leaned forward and
kissed.
  After they broke apart Tenchi left and Ryoko stood looking over
Mayuka again. A blush spread across her face as the baby looked up
at her and laughed. Finaly Ryoko came to a decision. "MAyuka, I
know we didn't exactly get along before, but I promise to be the best
mother I can to you." She leaned down and kissed the baby on her
forehead. Mayuka yawned and closed her eyes going to sleep. "Good
night my baby." Ryoko turned and left the room.

  Sasami woke up early the next day to make breakfast. On the way
to the stairs she decided to stop by Mayuka's room to see how the
baby was doing. She slowly opened the door to make sure she didn't
wake Mayuka up. She was quite suprised to see Ryoko sitting in a
chair next to the crib, holding Mayuka in her arms. Ryoko was totaly
focused on Mayuka as she gave the baby her formula and didn't even
see the little princess. Sasami smiled and slowly closed the door.
Shaking her head Sasami walked down the stairs. "Who would have
thought that Ryoko would be so focused on Mayuka." She passed the
hall mirror while she said this and glanced at Tsunami who just
shrugged.
  Ryo-oki was sleeping on the couch, but when she heard Sasami
coming her eyes snapped open. The little cabbit ran up to Sasami and
turned into her toddler form. "Meow Myah meow?" Sasami smiled and
hugged her. "Sure you can help me cook Ryo-oki, aslong as you wear
your hair net. And you'll never guess what I saw today." Ryo-oki
meowed questioningly. "Ryoko woke up realy early and is feeding
Mayuka." Ryo-oki's eyes widdend. Sasami shrugged and smiled.
  Later when everyone else had come down for breakfast Tenchi asked
where Ryoko was. Sasami smiled and looked at him. "I haven't seen
her since I saw her feeding Mayuka this morning." The others looked
at her in amazement. Tenchi smiled pleasantly and nodded. Kyonei and
Mihoshi were just shocked. Noboyuki and Yosho were mildly suprised
and Ayeaka sat there with her jaw hanging to her chest. Washu just
smiled knowingly. Finaly Ayeaka looked at Tenchi. "Are you sure it's
safe for HER to be allowed around a baby? Let alone THAT baby?"
Tenchi looked at Ayeaka and frowned, causing the princess to recoil.
"Ayeaka, Ryoko has never tried to hurt anyone who didn't hurt her
first and you know it."
  Ayeaka composed herself and managed to look superior. "Well you
do remember when Taro was here. She tried to give him formula
powder and couldn't even change his diaper." Tenchi smiled
remembering. Ayeaka saw this and lost her cool exterior. She had
never seen Tenchi smile like that when Ryoko was mentioned before
and she didn't like it one bit. Suddenly Sasami spoke up. "If you
remember near the end she was taking care of him almost as much as
Washu." Ayeaka frowned. Now her little sister had defended that
woman. Clenching her teeth Ayeaka turned back to her food and ate
in silence for the rest of the meal.
  Later Ayeaka had come up with the perfect plan. She would show
Tenchi that she could be just as good a mother for Mayuka as Ryoko.
Better even. How could that pirate possibly compair to a princess. The
baby was probably so scared of her by now that Ayeaka would be a
welcome site. She started towards the stairs, but got stopped by
Sasami. "Ayeaka since you're going up anyway could you take Ryoko
her breakfast?" Ayeaka sighed and took the plate Sasami handed her.
Finaly she reached Mayuka's room and opened the door quietly.
Ryoko Was sitting there holding Mayuka and smiling at her. For a
minute Ayeaka almost admited that she looked like a real mom. But
then she pulled herself together and put on her best smirk.
  "I'm going to take care of the baby now Ryoko. Sasami sent you up
some breakfast." Ayeaka had expected Ryoko to refuse to give up the
baby, to hold onto her atleast until Tenchi saw her with Mayuka in her
arms. But it seemed one more suprise awaited her that day. "Thanks
Ayeaka. I've been here since dawn. Oh and you brought my
breakfast." Ryoko traded to baby carefuly for her plate and walked out
of the room eating her breakfast. Ayeaka was unsure what had
happend but was brought back to reality when Mayuka pulled on one
of her long ponytails. Sighing Ayeaka sat down and played with the
baby.
  Tenchi met Ryoko in the hall and smiled. "I thought you were with
Mayuka." She smiled at him and shrugged. "I was getting a cramp and
Ayeaka came in to relieve me. May could probably used a break from
me too. You've seen me int he mornings." She took a big drink of the
hot cocoa Sasami had made for her, leaving a whipped cream beard
on her. Tenchi laughed and wiped it off, then ate it. Ryoko smiled and
kissed him. Tenchi smiled and looked at her. "I can definately think of
worse things to see first thing. So you call her May huh? I like it."
Ryoko blushed at the compliment, but just smiles and continued down
the stairs. "I'd love to let this go further Tenchi but I need to streatch 
my
legs." Tenchi smiled after her. Downstairs Ryoko ran into Kyonei and
Mihoshi. "Hey Ryoko. Sasami said she saw you feeding Mayuka this
morning." Kyonei said.
  Ryoko smiled and shrugged taking a bite out of her toast. Mihoshi
smiled and looked at her. "I think it's nice of you to take care of her
Ryoko. You've realy forgiven her huh?" Ryoko swallowed her food.
"Yeah, it realy wasn't her fault. I know what she's been through." The
GP officers hugged her. They had become close friends over the last
few years and they were real friends. Afterwards Ryoko smirked and
said, "Don't think this overwelming show of support will get you out of
diaper duty." Mihoshi and Kyonei blushed and giggled nervously.
  She picked up her plate and took it into the kitchen. Sasami and Ryo-
oki were washing up the breakfast dishes. "Hi Ryoko. How is Mayuka
doing?" Ryoko put her plate in the sink. "She's fine. I left her with
Ayeaka so I could get up and streatch. Do you need some help with
the dishes?" Sasami smiled and shook her head. "No, it's alright. I like
doing this sort of stuff." Ryoko smiled and rubbed Ryo-oki's head.
Sasami stopped washing and looked up at Ryoko. "You realy are
trying to be a good mother to Mayuka right Ryoko? It isn't just to try
and impress Tenchi right?" Ryoko smiled down. "I can't realy blame
you for asking that Sasami. But no, it isn't just tp get Tenchi, despite
what your sister may think." Ryoko grinned. "Infact if you promise to
keep it a secret I have something to tell you." Sasami smiled back and
crossed her hearts. "Ok Ryoko I promise." Sasami knew that a
princess wasn't supposed to gossip, but she realy didn't care. "Well I
think Tenchi likes me already. He even kissed me last night and let me
kiss him this morning." Sasami gasped and her eyes got even bigger
than normal. "Wow! Real?" Ryoko nodded.
  Sasami looked at Ryo-oki who's eyes had also increased in size. They
had always guessed he would choose Ryoko, but they had thought that
by the time he did he would be on his death bed. Sasami grinned as she
pictured Ryoko and Tenchi together... then frowned. "Ayeaka wont
like this one bit." Ryoko shrugged and walked into the livingroom.
  Ryoko passed Mihoshi and Kyoeni who were watching television.
Walking out of the house she took off into the air. She always felt
better in the open sky. It was so unlike the cave or space. Warm air,
birds flying next to her, and the view. Looking down she could see all
over. There was yosho sweeping the steps of the Misaki shrine. She
could see Tenchi working in the carrot garden. And she could see miles
of forest in every direction. Flying out over the woods she finaly
stopped and landed in a clearing she had fund in the heart of the forest.
Nobody else knew about it yet. She wanted to wait untils he got it set
up just right for Mayuka.
  She had made a tire swing and had set up a small dam in the small
stream that passed through the area as a swimming pool.She had
planted some blackberry bushes that she had carefuly collected in the
forest and had also put a birdfeeder up. It was a nice hobby. All of it
had served to increase the number of animals that came through the
area. There was even a red panda living in the roots of one of the trees
that surrounded the clearing. Ryoko came here herself sometimes just
to be alone. Today was one of those days. She watched the birds and
looked up at the clouds, thinking of her kisses with Tenchi and the
smile on Mayuka's face.

  Ayeaka frowned and wiggled in the chair. She had thought that taking
care of a girl would be easier than a boy. She had been wong. She had
changed Mayuka's diaper and turned to get the safty pen only to find
that she had pooped on the clean one while her back was turned.
Almost ready to cry she changed and diapered her again. Mayuka just
giggled. Finaly she gave up. She couldn't handle this by herself and
Tenchi wasn't around to impress anyway. That and in her newly sinicle
attitude she was actually begining to think that Tenchi may have picked
Ryoko. There was a lot of things she had just ignored that pointed to it.
Ayeaka thought about it. No, it was impossible. But still...
  She was interupted by Mayuka pulling on her hair again trying to get
Ayeaka's crown. The princess shifted her in her arms and smiled at the
baby saying, "That is not proper behavior for the child of the crown
prince of Jurau. You don't want to grow up like Ryoko do you?" She
carried the baby down stairs and into the livingroom. The other grls all
made a fuss over her instantly. "Oh she's just so cute now." Mihoshi
cooed while wiggling her finger infront of Mayuka's face. Mayuka bit
down on it and Mihoshi sceamed. Pulling her hand back Mihoshi
looked at the trail of blood trickling down her finger.
  Washu saw it to and smiled, "Isn't that cute? She's teething." Mihoshi
made a moaning sound around her finger to let them know she didn't
think it was at all cute. Kyonei comforted her partner, but kept getting
dragged away to make a fuss over Mayuka. With a final kiss on
Mihoshi's cheek she held the baby, making sure to keep her fingers out
of her mouth. Ayeaka meanwhile flopped onto the couch and went to
sleep. Sasami and Ryo-oki both tried to see Mayuka, so Kyonei bent
down to show her.
  Suddenly Mayuka started crying and they did what came natural.
They passed her off to Washu and quickly found other things to do.
Washu smiled and held the baby close shaking her head. Mayuka kept
crying and Washu took her into the kitchen for some milk. "It's ok now
sweety. Grandma Washu will take care of everything until mommy
comes back. Don't you worry." Putting the bottle in Mayuka's mouth
she started singing a lullabye she remembered from her childhood. The
baby finished off the milk very quickly. Her constitution was alot more
like Ryoko's than she had thought.
  Washu smiled and gave her another bottle. Mayuka latched onto it
and Washu carried her into her lab. Mayuka always liked it in there,
looking at all the weird creatures that Washu had. Washu put her in the
crib she had made right in the middle of them all. The crib itself was a
huge scanner, gathering information on Mayuka's phisiology so Washu
could both study her and make sure they were taking proper care of
her. Mayuka had finished off her second bottle by this time and was
chewing the nipple to pieves with her new tooth.
  Washu turned on the scanners and ran a bio-check including a run on
what she would be like in the future. Washu's eyes widdend. "Ohh, this
is interesting Mayuka." Her screen showed that Mayuka would be
able to transform into a battle suit with stripes like Tenchi, but the
stripes on her would be made of fur. Washu smiled at the baby. She
also wonderd if Mayuka would be able to make the light hawk wings
like Tenchi could. Finaly done with the scan Washu went back to the
crib and picked her up. Mayuka giggled and pulled on Washu's nose.
Washu smiled and disloged Mayuka's sharp fingernails. Her hands may
have been small but the claws on them were as sharp as ever.
  The door opened just behind Washu. "So I leave for just two hours
and they pass her off on you." Ryoko chided. Washu smiled and
handed Mayuka to her. Ryoko looked down at the baby. "Hello May.
Did you miss me?" Mayuka giggled and grabbed onto Ryoko's finger.
Ryoko grinned when she tried to bite into her finger. Washu tried to
warn her but it was too late. Fortunately Ryoko's skin was tougher than
Mihoshi's. She turned to Washu. "Did Ayeaka find out that May has
her first fang?" Washu smiled and shook her head. "No she was asleep
and Mayuka bit Mihoshi." Ryoko sighed. "Oh well maybe next time."
Washu smirked and shook her head.
  Ryoko carried Mayuka into the livingroom and sat down on the chair
away from Ayeaka, who was still asleep. Tenchi came home right then
and saw them sitting there. "And how is my daughter doing?" Ryoko
held Mayuka up so Tenchi could see. Mayuka giggled and reached for
him. Tenchi reched out and picked her up. "Tenchi, you don't mind me
calling myself Mayuka's mom do you?" Ryoko asked. Tenchi smiled
and shook his head. "I don't mind at all Ryoko." Ryoko blushed and
looked down. Then just before Tenchi could stick his finger where
Mayuka could get it she grabbed his hand. "Careful Tenchi. She's got
her first tooth." Ryoko pulled up Myuka's lip showing the shapr fang
sticking down. Tenchi smiled and kisses Ryoko quickly on the lips.
"Thanks for warning me." The both spent the next few hours focused
on Mayuka. Neither of them saw Ayeaka peeking out of teary eyes
while still pretending to be asleep.

  Two weeks later Washu came out of the lab with a message from the
Juraian court. It seemed that Mihoshi's report had finaly been
summarized and the Emperor and Empresses decided to come meet
their newest relative. They would be arriving soon and everyone had
to get ready. Over the last few weeks Ryoko and Tenchi had taken up
most of the time with Mayuka. The others stepepd in when they
needed a break or when they had something to do. Ayeaka had come
to terms with what she had heard and seen that day, though she had
cried for the first three days and refused to come out of her room for
anyone. Finaly Tenchi and Ryoko had gone in and talked with her.
  What Ayeaka wanted him to say was that he had been brainwashed
or that he was sorry and was going to pick her over Ryoko after all. It
didn't happen that way. He did love her, he said, but only as a close
family member. The others had been a bit sad that they couldn't get
Tenchi now either, but they had mostly accepted that it would be
between Ryoko and Ayeaka. Ayeaka had finaly accepted that Tenchi
loved Ryoko. She wasn't happy about it, but they were both her friends
and she had to accept it.
  The ship from Jurai arrived at noon. This time Asuza and hsi wives
had taken the same ship. When they arrived Ayeaka, Sasami and
Ryo-oki all ran out immediately to hug everyone. Asuza even smiled at
Ryo-oki and rubbed her head. Funaho stepped forward to greet
Yosho, Tenchi, and the others before Masaki could. She saw Mayuka
in Ryoko's eyes and rolled her eyes in Masaki's direction. Ryoko tried
to supress a grin. It didn't last long because Masaki almost instantly
saw the dark blue haired baby in Ryoko's arms. "Oh she's so adorable.
I can't believe it." She practicaly threw Ryoko out of the way when she
picked Mayuka up. Unlike the others though Masaki knew better than
to give a baby one of her hugs.
  Asuza tried to supress a grin and walked over to Tenchi. Tenchi
smiled up at him. Asuza still found it hard to believe that this boy who
stood before him was one of the most powerful beings in the universe.
"Hello Tenchi." Tenchi bowed. "Hello your magesty. I hear you came
to meet my daughter." Asuza grinned and nodded. "I never got to see
you as a baby so I think it's only fair that I get to see my great
grandaughter, don't you?" Tenchi smiled up at him and agreed. Masaki
had finaly handed Mayuka back to Ryoko after the baby had bitten her
finger. Still she smiled at Mayuka and sucked on her finger. Mihoshi
and Kyonei had shown up in their uniforms, but were relaxing with the
rest of the family.
  Asuza and Tenchi reached Ryoko who smiled at them. Tenchi bent
down to see Mayuka and said, "May, you see that? That's your great
grandfather." Mayuka giggled and reached out to Asuza. He picked her
up from Ryoko's arms and smiled at her with a caring look Tenchi
wouldn't have thought him capable of. Mayuka grinned and tugged on
Asuza'a beard. Tenchi and Ryoko watched with their arms around
eachother smiling like the proud parents they were. Asuza couldn't help
but notice this and looked at Ayeaka. Ayeaka saw what was coming
and shook her head. Sasami did the same.
  Funaho and Masaki were on either side of him and looking down at
the baby. Funaho whispered in his ear, "It seems this planet had a
speacial calling for our family Asuza." The emperor nodded. He looked
at Yosho who was standing there with Noboyuki. Noboyuki ofcourse
had been thrilled when he found out about Mayuka. Yosho had just
quietly accepted it. "So Yosho, I hear tell that this little bundle of joy 
is
the daugher of your old girlfriend." Ryoko and Tenchi stepped between
them. Tenchi looked Asuza right in the eyes and said, "No. Mayuka is
mine and Ryoko's child and part of this family." Asuza looked around
at the assembled people. They all nodded, even the two GP officers.
Asuza looked back to Tenchi with a new respect in his eyes. "I see. "
Ryoko smiled and took Mayuka out of Asuza's arms.
  To everyone's suprise Mayuka looked up at Ryoko and said,
"Mama." Funaho and Masaki laughed. "Well I guess that settles it."

The end

Author's note
  Well what did you think. I may write a sequel to this and I may not. I
never saw the movie that Mayka came in on but from what I've read
about it the facts should be straight. Whether I write another one with
Mayuka in it depends on what kind of responce I get from my readers.
Just email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com
