karmin.stjean@busilink.com (Karmin Stjean)


Now a note to Everybody,

Although the main character is copyright of those responsible for the
Tenchi Muyo series, OAVs, and movie(s), the name Naoki is my own
invention as are all but one other person involved in this story (whose
identity shall remain secret until a possible later 'episode'). Just so
you know, Naoki is, and this can be stated without spoiling this
episode, or rather will become the Galaxy Police Operative who appeared
in TMiL...

Warning- This story contains extreme and graphic violence. If that
stuff gives you the willies, better turn off your screen now and hide
under the covers.


                        Operative Manuevers Part One
                        Tragedy of Youth

        The breeze blew through the gathering place as a crowd set about
   their usual activities fo the season. It was late summer and some
   worked at tidying up the flowerbeds while others trimmed sickly
   brances from otherwise healthy trees or washed down the picnic
   tables.
        A group of children who were too little to help with the chores
   dallied nearby, playing within sight of their parents.
        "Naoki," one female called out to her son, the smallest (though
   not the youngest) child there, who was wandering over toward a clump
   of trees, "don't run off too far. We're having dinner soon."
        Naoko climbed into one of the trees, not too high up, and
   watched the crowds.
        The landing jets of the spaceship ignited several of the
   crowdmembers, the short fur of their bodies crackling, their flesh
   crisping. Naoki's mother ignited, screaming as the flames race up her
   body and engulfed her muzzle.
        Naoki scampered up the tree, shaking in terror, digging his
   claws into the tree and looking at the burning corpses with horror in
   his eyes. Flames shot up the tree, starting from the dying form that
   had fallen against it. In total panic, Naoki leaped out of the tree,
   his tail catching in the crotch of two branches and tearing away from
   his body. Naoki screamed in pain and began wailing. His older sister
   saw him and ran toward him, but was scooped up by a mechanical claw
   and placed in the ship that had burned his mother to death.
        The ship took off as suddenly as it had landed.
        The few survivors watched it disappear, then heard whimpers and
   gathered around Naoki, the only child to survive the tragedy.
        Naoki cried and shook as the elderly survivors took him to the
   town physician, who was also well along in years.
        "And no other young survived?" The elderly female asked as she
   stitched the wound where Naoki's tail had been.
        "None," the youngest of the group who'd brought Naoki in, who
   was herself well beyond her fertile years, told her. "Our young, our
   grandchildren, all destroyed. Some burned, others taken for Jurai
   knows what purpose. Only he managed to survive." She looked down at
   Naoki's now-bandaged and sleeping form.
        "I've given him a mild sedative." the physician explained. "I
   don't want him overexciting himself."
        Naoki's body recovered quickly, but he never fully recovered
   from the horror he had witnessed.

 * SLMR 2.1a * "The space pirate Ryouko I presume?"  -Unnamed Operative
