Please realize that I do not own any of these characters, though how I
wish one was constantly with me.  Some of you may know the answer from
reading my MSTs on the archive, but hey, that's beside the point.  The
characters and original series all belong to AIC/Pioneer.  However, the
story and situations are mine, so if I find this posted anywhere
without my permission, I'll hunt you down like the table scrap
pilfering grabasses you are.  Well, negativity aside, let's get on with
the story.

The Masaki Family Album

        Katsuhito closed the photo album and sighed forlornly.  “I’ve
accumulated so many memories in my 700 years on this planet that it’s
hard to keep track of them all sometimes,” he said to no one in
particular.
        “Keep track of all what, grandpa?” asked a curious voice from behind
him.  Katsuhito jerked his head to the rear.  “Oh, it’s you, Taro,” he
said.  The old man had temporarily forgotten that the little boy was
staying with Tenchi for a few days.  The child had certainly grown
since he had first seen him.  Now four years old, Taro had that
inquisitive innocence about him that so many children do at that age.
“I was just thinking back on the long life I’ve had,” replied
Katsuhito.
        “What’s in that book?” Taro asked.
        “Would you like to see?” came the reply.  Taro nodded vigorously.
“Then sit up here beside me, boy.”  Taro climbed up onto the sofa and
took a seat next to the old man he affectionately called “grandpa,”
despite his not actually being the boy’s grandfather.  Katsuhito then
opened up the book again and proceeded to show little Taro what was
inside.
        “Who’s that, grandpa?” asked Taro as he pointed to a picture of
someone he didn’t recognize.
        “That, child, is Tenchi’s mother.  My daughter, Achika.”
        “She’s pretty.”
        “She always was.”
        “Why haven’t I ever met her before, grandpa?”
        “She died when Tenchi was just a little boy,” the old man solemnly
replied.
        “That’s sad.  She looks like a real nice lady.”
        “Yes, she most certainly was.  Tenchi’s father and I both loved her
dearly.  Noboyuki hasn’t been the same since.  But he’s found outlets
for his grief in... *ahem* other pursuits.  Even Tenchi never really
knew much about his mother.”
        “That’s too bad.  Who’s that, grandpa?” asked Taro, pointing to
another picture.
        “That would be Achika’s mother and my wife, Itsuki.  She was a very
gentle soul, someone I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
Unfortunately, she has passed on as well.  Tenchi was still quite
young, about seven years old.  He took it especially hard.  He was very
close to his grandmother,” the wise old man told the young boy.
        Taro then pointed to two wedding pictures on pages opposite each
other.  “Is that...?”
        “Yes it is,” Katsuhito interrupted.  “That’s myself and Itsuki on
the
left, and on the right is Achika and Noboyuki.  I still remember each
of those days very well.”
        “Why is that big blank space there underneath Tenchi’s father’s
picture?” asked a curious Taro.  Katsuhito just grinned.
        “Now what do you suppose it’s there for, child?  When Tenchi chooses
his bride, their wedding photo will be pasted into the book in that
space,” came the reply as the page was turned.
        “Is that Tenchi, grandpa?” asked a wide-eyed Taro as he looked down
upon Achika cradling a baby in her arms in front of a familiar cave.
        “You’re a smart lad, Taro.  Indeed that is Tenchi, when he was very
young.”
        “Why is Ryoko floating above them?”
        Katsuhito was taken aback.  “What?  Where?”
        Taro pointed above and just to the left of baby Tenchi, to an
apparently blank space.  “Right there.  Don’t be so silly, grandpa.
And look, there she is again,” said the child as he pointed to a
picture of Tenchi standing alone by the cave opening.
        “This is quite odd,” thought Katsuhito.  “Taro can see Ryoko’s
astral
body in these pictures.  I’ll have to come up with a decent explanation
sometime until he’s old enough to accept the truth.”  Katsuhito opened
his mouth again.  “Ah yes, there she is.  I guess I just wasn’t looking
very closely,” the old man lied and quickly turned the page again.
        “Who are they, grandpa?”
        “Taro, that is my father, Azusa, and my mother Funaho.”
        “Then who is your father with in this other picture?”
        “That’s his wife, Misaki.”
        “I thought Funaho was your mother.”
        “She is.”
        “Then how can Misaki be your father’s wife?”
        “Well, child, where my father comes from it is perfectly acceptable
to
have two wives,” explained Katsuhito.
        “Where is that, grandpa?”
        “Uh... Utah,” came the reply.  “I can’t tell him the truth about
this
yet, either.  Someday he’ll have to know.  But until that day comes, he
needs to believe that everyone here is just a normal person.”
Suddenly, an explosion rocked the other side of the house, followed by
Ryoko’s voice screaming, “You prissy little girl, Tenchi is MINE!”
Katushito sighed.  “Well, so much for that,” he thought as he turned
the page in the album again.
        “That looks like Ayeka,” said Taro.
        “It is,” responded the shrinekeeper.  “That is Ayeka when she was
just
a little girl.”
        “Why aren’t there any pictures of Washuu or Mihoshi in this book?”
asked the boy.
        “Because this book is reserved for pictures of family.”
        “How is Ayeka family?”
        “She is my half sister and Tenchi’s great aunt.”
        Taro looked up at Katsuhito, then back to the picture of a young
Ayeka.  He was noticeably confused.
        “Don’t try to make any sense out of it, boy.  You’ll understand when
you’re older.”
        “But... why does she want to marry Tenchi if she’s his great aunt?”
        “I said don’t worry about it,” Katushito said sternly yet politely.
        “Oh, okay.  Oh look, there’s Sasami!  I like Sasami,” said the young
boy as he pointed to a picture of Sasami standing by a pool of water.
        “Well, we all like Sasami,” Katsuhito said smiling.
        “Why does she look a lot older in the water?” asked Taro.
        Katsuhito looked closely at the picture to see a reflection of
Tsunami
in the pool of water.  “Uh-oh,” he thought.  “This boy notices
everything.”  Thinking quickly, Katsuhito said, “Well you see, this is
a special picture.  You’ve heard of aging pictures electronically?”
Taro nodded.  “Well, we had her reflection aged by about ten years.
It’s a nice effect, don’t you think?”  Taro shrugged.  “Tell you what,”
Katsuhito said.  “Why don’t you go play with Sasami for awhile?”
        “Yeah!” Taro shouted joyously.  He then ran off on a frantic search
for the girl that he considered to be like a loving older sister.
        Katsuhito sighed again.  “One day, I’ll be able to tell him the
truth.
 Until then, this book is staying up here,” he said as he placed the
Masaki Family Album up on the shelf he had pulled it down from earlier.
 Then, clasping his hands behind his back, he walked out of the house
and up toward the shrine.

                             The End

Sorry about seeming so stand-offish in the copyright information up
top.  I just thought it would provide a stark contrast to the soft
intentions of the fic itself.  I'm all about shocking my audience.  And
as if the fact that I delved into the regular type of fanfiction after
success over in the Miscellaneous section wasn't shocking enough, I'm
also planning a sequel.  Whether it gets posted or not all depends on
how much and what kind of C&C I get from my new readers.  Just click on
my e-mail address next to my name, right above the link you clicked on
to get here.  Or, if you're too lazy to do that, it's
buckfloyd@yahoo.com

Cheerio!