Disclaimer:  As much as I would love to take credit for the characters in 
this story, I cannot.  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  “Happy Birthday,” though based on pre-existing characters, 
is the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
Ditto for all original characters found therein.  Now that that’s out of the 
way, enjoy the story!

Note to reader:  Once again, I have omitted a few minor characters for 
simplicity’s sake, because their appearances would not have contributed 
further to content.  Just think of them as hanging around in the background 
somewhere.  I feel I should mention again that I would really appreciate 
any and all e-mails, so if you have something you’d like to say to me, then 
please drop me a line.  Remember the old saying, “If you can’t say 
something nice, don’t say it at all?”  It’s a load of CRAP!  Curse me out if 
you want to!  Tell me I’m an incompetent buffoon and that I should be 
ashamed of what I’m writing!  Anything if it will get you to send me some 
feedback!

Happy Birthday

Chapter 1:  Fanfare

	Masato just couldn’t concentrate.  His half-finished sketch of the 
lake lay dormant in his lap as he continued to stare across the placid 
expanse of water.  Instead of drawing a specific object or person, as he 
usually did, he decided this particular day to broaden himself by sketching 
a landscape.  He didn’t need to sit in front of the lake to draw it; he had 
gazed at it so many times he could draw it with his eyes closed.  Still, no 
matter how unnecessary, it always helps to have the subject in front of the 
artist for quick reference.  However, in this case, the very subject of his art 
became his distraction.  He watched as the gentle breeze gently ruffled the 
water in small patches.  Every once in a while, a dimple would develop 
where a fish sipped an insect off the surface.  The scene was so serene that 
Masato decided to give up on attempting to put such beauty on paper, for 
he knew that it was impossible.  So he sat cross-legged at the waters edge, 
letting his mind wander to numerous thoughts.  As a leaping fish noisily 
splashed the surface, he recalled that today was his birthday.
	He had looked at the calendar that morning and had recognized 
something familiar about the date.  Not being one to celebrate his birthday, 
he had to think for several moments before he remembered what the date 
signified.  As he swung his feet out of bed he thought that he might 
mention it at breakfast.  However, by the time he had washed up and 
finished dressing, he had forgotten.  Only now, while at the water’s edge, 
did the thought cross his mind again.  He considered whether or not to 
rush inside and tell everyone now, but decided against it; it might seem a 
bit pretentious.  So, he decided to treat his birthday just as any other day, 
and nothing more.  It was no big deal.
	“Hello, Masato,” a voice said behind him.
	Masato nearly fell over as he wheeled around to see who was 
addressing him.  Standing over him was Ayeka.  “You scared me, Ayeka,” 
Masato said as he let out a deep breath.
	“I’m sorry,” Ayeka said with an apologetic smirk.  “How are you 
today?”
	“I’m doing well,” Masato replied as he stood.  “How are you?”
	“I’m fine,” Ayeka responded.  “Masato, I was wondering... would 
you like to take a walk with me?”
	Masato was a little surprised at the question.  “I guess so,” was all 
he could think to say.
	“Very well,” Ayeka said.  “Shall we go?”
	“Yeah, sure,” Masato said, still not sure why Ayeka would want to 
go on a walk with him.  Usually, she asked such favors of Tenchi.
	Ayeka smiled as they began to stroll through the woods side-by-
side.  Everything so far was going according to plan.

	Two weeks previous Kiyone gathered all the girls into the living 
room while Tenchi and Masato trained with Yosho.  Everyone was curious 
as to why they were there, but Kiyone soon explained.  “In two weeks is 
Masato’s birthday,” she said once she had everyone’s attention.
	“Masato’s birthday?” Sasami asked excitedly.  “Are we going to 
have a party?”
	“That’s what I need your help with,” Kiyone said.  “If Masato 
knew we were throwing him a party, he would probably protest that we 
were making too much out of it.  So, I think we ought to make it a 
surprise.”
	“A surprise party?” asked Mihoshi.  “Oh, boy!  I love surprise 
parties!”
	“Me, too!” Sasami said.
	“We’ll have to get him some nice gifts,” Washu joined in.
	“Absolutely,” Kiyone agreed.  “I think, though, that it would be 
best if we all went into town separately.  Otherwise, he might get a little 
suspicious.”
	“Hang on a second,” Ryoko interjected, “does Tenchi know about 
this?”
	“I told Tenchi and Yosho yesterday,” Kiyone said.
	“This is going to be so much fun!” Sasami giggled.  Ryo-ohki 
meowed in agreement.
	“So what’s the plan?” Ryoko asked.  “How do we keep this thing a 
secret from him?”
	“I figure we’ll do most of the preparation on the day of the party,” 
Kiyone said.  “Someone will have to distract him for a few hours while we 
set up.”
	“Why not have Ayeka spend the day with him?” Mihoshi asked.  
“After all, I think he would like that very much anyway.”  Ayeka blushed 
slightly and looked down at the floor.
	“Actually, Mihoshi,” Kiyone said, “that’s not a bad idea.  Ayeka 
could ask him to go for a walk, or something.”
	“Well, I don’t know,” Ayeka said with uncertainty.  “What if he 
doesn’t want to?”
	“Trust me, Ayeka,” Ryoko said, “just bat your eyelashes at him and 
that boy would follow you over a cliff.”  Ayeka sat speechless, mainly 
because she did not know whether she was being insulted or flattered.
	“Worse comes to worse, Ayeka,” Kiyone said, “I’ll make up some 
excuse that I need him to help me run a maintenance check on the Yagami.  
But, I kind of have a feeling that Ryoko’s right.”  Ayeka sighed heavily.
	“So the party will be two weeks from today?” Washu asked.
	“Yep,” Kiyone said.  “And please don’t let Masato know anything 
about this.  Especially you, Mihoshi.”
	“What?” Mihoshi asked.  “Come on, you guys.  I can keep a secret.  
Honest!  Really, I can.”
	“Okay,” Kiyone said cautiously.  “As soon as Ayeka and Masato 
leave, we’ll start setting up.  Until then, we might want to start thinking 
about what to get him.”
	As everyone got up to leave, Ayeka again sighed.  Her task of 
picking a gift would be much more involved than anyone else’s.  She 
would have to get him something perfect.

Chapter 2:  Ayeka’s Dilemma

	Masato and Ayeka had walked for several hundred yards without 
saying anything to one another.  Ayeka was beginning to get 
uncomfortable.  She thought that Masato would soon lose interest and 
return to the house before everyone had a chance to finish preparing.  As 
she wrung her hands nervously trying to think of something to say, Masato 
broke the silence.  “I was wondering,” he said thoughtfully, “why did you 
want to go on a walk with me today?”
	“Well, it is a very nice day,” Ayeka said.  “And, now that I’ve 
thought about it, we’ve known each other a long time, and we’ve never 
really had a casual conversation.  I thought it might be really nice to spend 
some time talking when one of us isn’t about to get hurt.”
	Masato chuckled at Ayeka’s comment, despite all the memories it 
brought back.  Indeed it seemed that, since Masato’s arrival at the Masaki 
household, nearly every degenerate and criminal in the galaxy had 
followed him there.  He never really gave much thought to the fact that the 
only time he really spoke in-depth with anyone was when they were either 
injured or in harm’s way.  A conversation without a life hanging in the 
balance did sound inviting.  “I guess I just have bad luck that way,” 
Masato said.
	“Actually, I think that you have great luck,” Ayeka returned.  “At 
least, everyone else does when you’re around.  If you hadn’t come to live 
with us, who would have helped save Ryoko from Cage?  Who would 
have saved Sasami from Specter?  Who would have saved me from 
Kazuhiro?  If not for you, I shudder to think of what might have come to 
pass.”
	“But, it seems like all we’ve been doing since I got here is fighting 
someone,” Masato replied.  “I hoped that, once I returned here after 
defeating Kazuhiro, that I would be able to make a fresh start and lead a 
normal, quiet life.  But it seems like these psychopaths are coming in one 
right after another to try and kill one of us.  If that’s not bad luck, I don’t 
know what is.”
	“But think about all of the people whose lives you’ve changed,” 
Ayeka said.  “Mine, for one.  I’m glad you’re here with us, Masato.  No 
matter what comes our way, I will be eternally grateful to have known 
you.”
	Masato smiled wide and looked at Ayeka with kind eyes.  “Well, 
I’m glad you like me, at least,” he said.
	“Yes, I do,” Ayeka said, then bit her lip.  If only Masato knew the 
whole truth.

	It was a week before Kiyone announced her plan to throw Masato a 
party when Ayeka sought out Tenchi in his room.  She cautiously made 
her way up the stairs, making sure she was not followed by Ryoko.  
Normally she expected the space pirate to poke her head in during a 
discussion with Tenchi, but this time she would not tolerate it; today she 
must speak with him alone.  She softly rapped on Tenchi’s door.
	“Ayeka,” he said with surprise as he opened the door.  “What is 
it?”
	“I must speak with you, Lord Tenchi,” she said as she hurriedly 
stepped inside.
	“About what?” Tenchi queried as Ayeka took a seat on the bed.
	“Would you please close the door?” she asked.
	Tenchi obeyed.  “What is this all about?” he asked, becoming a 
little concerned.
	Ayeka took several deep breaths before she began to speak.  
“Tenchi,” she finally began, “I need to talk to you about Masato.”
	“Masato?” Tenchi echoed quizzically.  “Why?  What’s the matter 
with Masato?”
	“Nothing’s the matter,” Ayeka replied.  “It’s just that, well...  
Tenchi, you know that Masato is in love with me, don’t you?”
	“Of course I do,” Tenchi said.  “Everyone knows that.”
	“Right,” Ayeka said.  “Well, after Washu sent Prime back to his 
own dimension, Masato told me that he wanted me to make a choice.  He 
wanted me to choose either you or him.”
	“Really?” Tenchi asked.  “So, who did you choose?”
	“That’s just it,” Ayeka said.  “I can’t decide.  I love you both more 
than words can say.  I just can’t choose one of you and leave the other 
behind.  It’s too much for me to have to bear.”
	Tenchi felt a little hot around the collar.  He had known for a long 
time that Ayeka was in love with him, but hearing her say it was a whole 
different story.  “Well, what makes you think that you’ll leave one of us 
behind?” Tenchi asked at length.  “I mean, I’m sure neither of us would 
just walk away if you chose the other.  I mean, me, personally, I would 
always be your friend.  And to tell you the truth, I would be kind of happy 
if you married Masato.”
	“You would?” Ayeka asked.
	“Sure!” Tenchi said enthusiastically.  “I mean, he’s a terrific guy, 
and it’s obvious that he loves you a lot.”
	“But you love me a lot, too, don’t you, Tenchi?”
	Tenchi swallowed hard at the prospect of giving any information 
on where his feelings lay.  “Of course I do, Ayeka,” he finally said.  “But 
that doesn’t mean I would stop caring about you if you decided that you 
didn’t want to marry me.  If that’s your choice, then I’m behind you all the 
way.”
	“But I can’t help feeling that we were destined to be together,” 
Ayeka said.  “What if you find out later that you really do want to be my 
husband?  Then it will be too late.”
	“To be perfectly honest, Ayeka,” Tenchi said, “I’m not really sure 
what I want.  I just take it one day at a time, and deal with things as they 
come up.  And right now I would have no problem at all with you 
marrying Masato.”
	“But you might later,” Ayeka speculated, urgency in her voice.  “I 
don’t know if I want to take that chance.”
	Tenchi nodded his head in understanding.  “I know that it’s hard 
not being able to see the consequences of some actions,” he said, “but 
sometimes you just have to take chances.  Like when I attacked Cage from 
behind.  I wasn’t sure that I would be able to beat him, but I knew that if I 
didn’t try, then Ryoko was going to die.  If you never take chances, you 
lose a lot sometimes.”
	“I just don’t want to lose you,” Ayeka said as she stared into 
Tenchi’s eyes.  “And I don’t want to lose Masato.  I wish I didn’t have to 
make this choice.”
	Tenchi thought for a while.  “No matter what decision you make,” 
he said after a bit, “I’ll always be here for you, and I’ll always care about 
you very much.  Besides,” he added in a much lighter tone as he scratched 
the back of his head, “I always thought that you and Masato made kind of 
a cute couple, anyway.”
	Ayeka thought for a few moments as she cast her eyes to the floor.  
She eventually rose to leave.  “Thank you, Tenchi,” she said.  “I’m glad 
we had this talk.”
	“Anytime,” Tenchi called after her as she opened the door to leave.

 Chapter 3:  Something

	“Speaking of liking people,” Masato said as the pair continued to 
amble leisurely through the trees, “I’ve always wondered just why you and 
Ryoko never got along very well.”
	Ayeka whipped her head around, a look of disbelief on her face.  
“You can’t be serious!” she exclaimed.
	“I mean,” Masato went on, “I understand that you are constantly 
fighting over Tenchi, and that that can’t help matters any.  But I know that 
if you two could somehow bury the hatchet, you’d be great friends.”
	“Me?  Friends with her?” Ayeka asked wide-eyed.  “Masato, where 
are you getting these ideas?”
	Masato thought for a moment.  “Now that I come to think about 
it,” he said, “I’ll bet you are kind of fond of her.”
	Ayeka nearly fell over.  “You’re not making any sense at all, now,” 
she said.  “Haven’t you seen the way we fight all the time?”
	“Well, you know,” Masato replied, “it’s been said that you only 
hurt the ones you love.”
	“Masato, if you believe that, then why don’t I just smack you 
across the face?” Ayeka asked matter-of-factly.
	Masato smirked.  “It’s nothing you haven’t done before,” he said.  
“But think about it.  You two are really quite alike.”
	Ayeka’s face once again wrinkled in confusion.  “Masato, are you 
feeling ill?” she asked.
	“No, you really are a lot like Ryoko,” Masato said.
	“Oh, really?” Ayeka asked rather indignantly.  “Explain to me how 
you arrived at this conclusion, then.”
	“Well, for starters, you both have the same feelings for Tenchi,” 
Masato remarked.
	“I still fail to see how that proves that I have anything in common 
with that woman,” Ayeka returned hotly.
	“Also, if you don’t mind my saying so, you both have kind of a 
quick temper,” Masato went on.
	“I do not have a quick temper!” Ayeka shouted defensively.  “I 
simply demand the respect that I deserve as a member of Jurai’s royal 
family!”
	Masato decided to say nothing more about the issue of Ayeka’s 
temper.  “Well, also, you’re both very protective of those you care about.  
And I happen to know that you share the same guilty pleasure of corny 
soap operas.  In fact, the only time I see you two together when you’re not 
fighting is when you’re watching television together.”
	“I suppose that’s true,” Ayeka conceded.
	“Also, you’re both very attractive,” Masato added as he blushed.
	“You think Ryoko is attractive?” Ayeka asked, surprised.
	“In her way, yes,” Masato confirmed.  “I find her to be quite 
fetching, in fact.”
	Ayeka felt her cheeks flush.  “Alright, Masato,” she said slowly, “I 
have a question for you:  Just what is your relationship with Ryoko?”
	“I consider Ryoko to be one of my best friends,” Masato said.
	Ayeka was a bit surprised.  “Really?” she asked.  “But what about 
all those things you say to her at the dinner table?  If I said anything like 
that she would certainly shout something back at me.”
	“That’s just the kind of relationship we have,” Masato said.  “We 
joke around and poke fun at each other.  We have a lot of fun.  That’s what 
a friend really is: someone you can have a lot of fun with.  When I say 
those things to her, it’s because she and I are able to laugh about each 
other.  It’s all in fun.  I don’t mean them in a hurtful way.”
	“You don’t?” Ayeka asked.  Whenever she tried to insult Ryoko, it 
was because she was infringing on what she felt to be right, and wanted to 
put her in her place.
	“Of course not,” Masato said.  “I’ve been down that road before.  
I’ve seen pain and sadness in her eyes before.  And I don’t mind telling 
you that it broke my heart.  She’s far too good a person to be hurt that 
way.”
	By now Ayeka’s head was spinning.  Had she just heard the words 
“good” and “person” used in the same sentence to describe Ryoko?  Still, 
she couldn’t help but wonder whether or not Masato was right.  After all, 
Masato was in love with her, but still found a friend in Ryoko, someone 
who she felt was the exact opposite of herself.  Maybe there was 
something to what he was saying.  “You seem to think very highly of 
Ryoko,” Ayeka observed.
	“I do,” Masato said.
	“Then, if you don’t mind my asking,” Ayeka began, “what made 
you fall in love with me and not her?”
	Masato chuckled.  “Funny you should bring that up,” he said.  
“Ryoko and I had a similar conversation once.  I guess I’ll give you the 
same answer that I gave her:  I’m really not sure.  I guess there’s just 
something about you.”
	“Hmm,” Ayeka puzzled.  “Just ‘something,’ huh?”
	“That’s the only way I can describe it,” Masato said.
	“So you’re saying that I have something that Ryoko doesn’t?” 
Ayeka asked, grinning.
	“Certainly,” Masato said without hesitation.  “I care about both of 
you a lot.  But you had that extra... something that made me fall for you.  I 
can’t really tell you what it was.  I guess if I knew I’d be a very rich man.”
	Ayeka continued to smile.  It was very satisfying to hear someone 
say that she had something that Ryoko didn’t.  Even if it was just that:  
something.  “Are you saying all this just to get on my good side?” she 
asked half jokingly.
	“Of course not,” Masato said.  “I mean every word of it.  Besides, I 
couldn’t possibly make this stuff up.”
	“Even after all that poetry you’ve read?” Ayeka asked suggestively.
	Masato laughed.  “That’s why I read poetry, Ayeka,” he explained.  
“I like it because I could never think up those poems myself.”
	“I would have thought for sure that you would have tried to write 
some of your own poems,” Ayeka speculated.
	“I tried once,” Masato said.  “Nothing came of it.”
	“Did you try to get it published?” Ayeka asked.
	“Not exactly,” Masato said.  “It was... for a girl.”
	Ayeka’s eyes lit up.  “Really?” she asked.  “Who was she?”
	“Just a girl back in high school that I kind of had a thing for,” 
Masato revealed.
	“What was her name?” Ayeka asked, hanging on Masato’s every 
word.
	“Midori,” Masato said.
	“And you wrote her a poem?” Ayeka asked.
	“I tried to,” Masato said.  “I don’t think it came out very well.”
	“She didn’t like it?” Ayeka queried.
	“Actually,” Masato said with a chuckle, “I never even gave it to 
her.”
	“Are you kidding?” Ayeka asked.  “What happened?”
	“I could just never work up the courage to hand it to her,” Masato 
said.
	“Why not?” Ayeka asked.
	“She was popular, I wasn’t,” Masato said.  “End of story.  You 
know how things are in high school.”
	“You still should have said something at least,” Ayeka said.
	“Well, maybe,” Masato trailed off.
	“You really are so shy, Masato,” Ayeka said with a smile.  “I never 
understood how you were able to tell me how you feel.”
	“Like I said,” Masato said as he returned her smile, “you have that 
extra ‘something.’”
	Ayeka couldn’t help but snicker joyfully as they continued to walk.

Chapter 4:  The Perfect Gift

	Ayeka was the last one to venture into town to get a gift for 
Masato.  She opted to be last because she had no idea how long she would 
take to find something that exactly reflected her feelings for him.  She 
wanted to get him something tasteful, yet poignant.  In fact, she wasn’t 
sure if such a gift existed.  However, she knew that she’d know it if she 
saw it.
	She wandered from shop window to shop window, roving her eyes 
constantly in the hopes that something would catch her eye and present 
itself.  She passed by gifts of every possible manifestation.  Should she get 
him a new shirt?  No, he already had a full wardrobe.  Perhaps flowers 
would be sufficient.  No, they would wither soon after.  Maybe candies?  
No, they, too, would not last.  Besides, none of those would say anything 
about how she felt.
	Then, like a shimmering beacon, she saw it.  In the display window 
of a small jewelry store.  Laid out ceremoniously on a velvet pillow was a 
chain containing a pendant.  The chain was made of white gold, and was 
thin enough to be considered masculine.  The round pendant also was 
made of white gold, and in the center sat a purple stone with a familiar 
hue.  What had Prime said about the Ayeka of his world?  “She had eyes 
like polished amethyst,” he had said.  Now, staring back at her the way her 
own eyes stared back at her in the mirror, was the perfect gift.
	She walked into the jewelry store and without hesitation notified 
the salesman of her intended purchase.  With a satisfied smile the 
salesman removed the pendant and chain from the display window and 
laid it in front of her on the counter.  Ayeka picked the necklace up and 
swung it delicately, the lights from the shop glinting off the pendant like 
dewdrops on morning grass.  She smiled wide, knowing that her search for 
Masato’s gift was over.
	Then, Ayeka wrote something on a piece of paper and handed it to 
the salesman.  “Can you inscribe this message on the back, please?” she 
asked.
	The salesman glanced at the message on the paper.  “Certainly,” he 
said with a smile.  “It will be ready for you in a couple of hours.”
	“Thank you very much,” Ayeka said as she headed to the door.  
The necklace would cost almost all the money she had saved, but it was 
well worth it.  After all, one cannot put a price on perfection.

	Ayeka and Masato continued their stroll.  The conversation had 
reached a lull, and no words were spoken for several moments.  Still, 
neither felt the need to say anything.  So, the pair continued to walk, with a 
light breeze gently ruffling through the leaves.
	Unable to hold silent on the matter any longer, Masato addressed a 
question that had been on his mind ever since he had asked it.  “Have you 
given any thought to what I asked you?” he asked.
	Ayeka knew immediately what Masato was referring to.  “Actually, 
I have been thinking about it quite a bit,” she answered.
	“Really?” Masato asked.  “So, have you made a decision?  Not that 
I want to pressure you; I’m just wondering, is all.”
	“I understand,” Ayeka said.  In fact, Ayeka had made her decision 
a while ago.  She had kept it a secret from everyone.  Even Sasami, whom 
she often confided in, had no idea.  Despite Masato’s desire to know 
where her feelings lay, Ayeka decided to keep the secret a little longer.  “I 
honestly can’t say right now,” she told him.  “All I can say is that you will 
know my decision when the time is right.”
	“Of course, Ayeka,” Masato said.  “Take all the time you think you 
need.  I’ve waited a long time already, so a little while longer certainly 
can’t hurt.”
	“I hope not,” Ayeka responded.  She was not sure whether it was 
because of the walking or the direction the conversation had taken, but she 
was feeling a little warm.  “Do you think we could stop and rest a little?” 
she asked.
	“Just a little bit further,” Masato insisted.  “Up ahead there’s a 
great view of the valley.”
	After a short while the pair reached the crest of a hill and found, 
laid out on the other side, a view of nearly the entire valley.  The trees 
below looked like green cotton balls all pressed together into one great 
arboreal carpet.  The wispy clouds that passed overhead cast their shadows 
upon the scene, and they playfully undulated and danced as they moved 
across the green expanse.  Ayeka could only stare in silent wonder.  It truly 
was a wonderful sight to behold.  It was definitely worth the extra few 
steps it took to get there.
	Masato sat on the ground, and Ayeka followed suit.  The pair sat 
overlooking the scene for a time in silence.  Finally, Masato turned to 
Ayeka and said, “Absolutely gorgeous.”
	“Yes,” Ayeka agreed.  “The valley is very beautiful.”
	Masato smiled.  “I wasn’t talking about the valley,” he said as 
Ayeka’s eyes turned to meet his.  Ayeka blushed.  Masato certainly had a 
knack for making her do that.
	Not wanting to corrupt the moment with words, Masato closed his 
mouth and silently gazed at the passing clouds.  Much to his pleasant 
surprise, Ayeka slid closer to him and sat with her shoulder touching his.  
Masato was perfectly content to remain in that position for several 
minutes.  However, he soon felt the overpowering urge to take a chance.  
He gently and cautiously put his arm around her.
	Masato expected Ayeka to slide away, or remove his arm from her, 
or verbally protest his boldness.  He expected her to do anything but what 
she actually did.  Instead of rebuffing Masato’s advance, she pressed even 
closer to him and leaned her head onto his shoulder.  Masato raised an 
eyebrow at Ayeka’s action.  Needless to say, he felt very satisfied with 
himself, and even debated whether or not to do something with the other 
arm.  However, he decided not to press his luck and continued to gently 
hold Ayeka close with one arm.  He felt that, if Ayeka wanted him to do 
something more, she would let him know.  Masato closed his eyes and 
savored the moment.
	When he opened his eyes again, he checked his watch.  He had 
been sitting with Ayeka for nearly an hour.  Had it really been that long?  
It seemed like only moments ago that they reached the hilltop.  As much as 
Masato disagreed with the statement, he said, “We ought to start heading 
back.  Dinner will be ready in a little while.”
	“Alright,” Ayeka said without protest as she stood.  The girls 
should have had plenty of time to set up by now.
	Because of her extended period of rest, Ayeka’s legs were very 
stiff and weak.  As a result, when she stood, she quickly lost her balance.  
She gave a yelp as she felt her legs go out from underneath her and fell 
forward.  Masato quickly grabbed her around the waist and attempted to 
halt her fall.  However, his legs also were wobbly, and he felt himself 
falling as well.  To break Ayeka’s fall, he maneuvered himself between her 
and the ground, and tightly closed his eyes to brace for impact.  He grunted 
as he was forcefully sandwiched between Ayeka and the firm dirt of the 
path.
	When he opened his eyes, Masato became dumbfounded as he 
found Ayeka on top of him, his own face inches from hers.  Their eyes 
stared bewildered at each other for many moments, as neither could find 
their voice.  Masato, whose arms tightly clutched Ayeka’s waist, remained 
as silent as Ayeka, whose hands were pressed against Masato’s chest.  
Neither could be certain as to how much time they remained like that; it 
could have been a few seconds, or a few days.  Nevertheless, Ayeka finally 
asked, “Are you okay?”
	“Yeah,” Masato said at length, barely able to raise his voice above 
a whisper.  “Are you?”
	“Yes,” Ayeka answered.  “Thank you.”
	Another period of silence followed.  Each gazed into each other’s 
eyes, unsure exactly what the other’s were expressing.  Everything around 
them seemed to race along at breakneck speed, but at the same time all 
was still and quiet.
	Masato then uttered another statement that he disagreed with.  
“Maybe we should, uh... get up,” he said.
	“Maybe...” Ayeka replied.  After a few more silent moments Ayeka 
rolled off of him and cautiously rose to her feet.  Masato then stood, and 
both began to dust themselves off, feeling at once uncomfortable and 
exhilarated.
	Masato laughed once.  “Sorry about that,” he said.
	“No, it’s my fault,” Ayeka said, returning his laugh.  “I’m sorry.”
	“We should, uh... we should get back, huh?” Masato stammered.
	“Perhaps we should,” Ayeka agreed.
	The pair made their way down the path.  Neither could speak or 
make eye contact with the other until quite a great distance had been 
covered.

Chapter 5:  Surprise!

	The slowly sinking sun made their shadows long as Ayeka and 
Masato crossed the lawn back to the house.  Both of them were smiling 
wide.  It had been a pleasant afternoon.
	As the two approached the door, Masato turned to Ayeka and said, 
“Thanks for taking a walk with me.  I really had a good time.”
	“Me, too,” Ayeka replied.  “I hope we can do it again soon.”
	“Me, too,” Masato said as he opened the door.
	As he crossed the threshold, Masato’s heart nearly leapt out of his 
chest when he was greeted by a deafening roar of “SURPRISE!”  He 
gasped at the noise, and quickly looked around him to find out where the 
noise had originated.  Everyone stood in the living room grinning, 
underneath a gigantic banner which read:  “Happy Birthday Masato.”
	“What’s all this?” Masato asked, still overcoming shock.
	“It’s your birthday, silly,” Sasami said cheerfully.  “We’re 
throwing you a party!”
	“Wait a minute,” Masato puzzled.  “I never told anyone about my 
birthday.”
	“Do you really think I could forget something like that?” Kiyone 
asked.  “Your birthday is one month to the day after I graduated from the 
academy.”
	“Yeah,” Mihoshi cut in.  “We’ve been planning this for two weeks.  
See, you guys?  I told you I could keep a secret!”
	Masato stood smiling dumbly.  “Ayeka, did you know about this?” 
he asked, turning to her.
	“Of course I did,” she said with a smile.
	“We all did,” Tenchi said.  “Ayeka distracted you while we set up 
today.”
	“So, you all had this planned out?” Masato asked.
	“Yep!” Ryoko confirmed.  “Happy birthday, Masato.”
	Masato laughed and shook his head.  “I never would have 
imagined that you’d do all of this,” he said.  “I really don’t know what to 
say, you guys.”
	“Then don’t say anything,” Washu suggested.  “Let’s party!”
	All the members of the Masaki household sat down to a gigantic 
birthday dinner that Sasami had spent all day preparing.  Everyone ate 
themselves sick as they talked and laughed.  Not one person at the dinner 
table was not wearing a smile all throughout the meal.  When dinner 
concluded, Kiyone and Mihoshi  brought out a huge cake with “Happy 
Birthday Masato” written on it in frosting.  Everyone else let out with a 
suppressed groan; after the size of the dinner they had just eaten, they 
would all have to struggle to find room for a piece of cake.  As Kiyone lit 
the candles, everyone sang “Happy Birthday,” Masato grinning all the 
while.  In all his years, he had never had his birthday made into such a big 
deal before.
	“Time to blow out the candles, Masato,” said Kiyone.
	“Yeah.  Don’t forget to make a wish!” Mihoshi chimed in.
	“Okay,” Masato said as he took a deep breath.  He opted to make 
the same wish he made every day.  He felt that it was a long-shot to come 
true to be sure, but that’s why it was a wish. With a mighty exhale, he 
extinguished every candle amidst a chorus of applause.
	“What did you wish for?” Sasami asked.
	“If I tell you,” Masato said with a wink, “then it won’t come true.”
	The lively conversations continued as everyone partook of some of 
the delicious birthday cake.  As the dishes were cleared from the table, 
Masato sat back in his chair.  “I still can’t believe that you did all of this,” 
he said, addressing everyone.  “This has been the best birthday ever.”
	“It’s not over, yet,” Ryoko said.
	“That’s right,” Washu added.  “We each got you a present!”
	“You didn’t!” Masato shouted, his smile growing ever wider.  
“You got me presents?”
	“Sure did,” Ryoko said.  “We’ll get them for you.”
	Everyone adjourned to wherever they had stashed their gift for 
Masato, and quickly returned carrying brightly wrapped packages of every 
shape and size.  Masato beamed as the presents were laid out on the table 
in front of him.  “This is unbelievable,” he said.
	“Hey, you deserve it,” Tenchi said.
	“I don’t think anyone deserves all this,” Masato replied.  “You 
guys are the best.”
	“Hey, are you going to talk or open presents?” Ryoko asked 
playfully.
	Masato chuckled and unwrapped the first package.  It was a 
volume of poetry from Sasami and Ryo-ohki.  “Thank you, Sasami,” 
Masato said as he smiled at the pigtailed princess.
	“Ryo-ohki helped pick it out, too,” she said.  Ryo-ohki meowed 
from the top of Sasami’s head.
	“Well, then, thank you, too, Ryo-ohki,” Masato said as he 
scratched Ryo-ohki behind the ear.  The cabbit meowed appreciatively and 
licked Masato’s hand.
	The next present was from Ryoko.  He didn’t have to unwrap it to 
see that it was clearly a bottle of something; probably containing alcohol.  
He removed the wrapping and found it to be a bottle of high-end sake.
	“That stuff’s top of the line,” Ryoko explained.  “I know you don’t 
drink much, but I guarantee that you’ll like it.”
	Masato smiled.  “Are you trying to turn me into a lush?” he asked 
sarcastically.
	Ryoko chuckled.  “I’d have to work real hard at that,” she said.  
“You can drink it at your own pace.”
	“Thank you very much, Ryoko,” Masato said as he set the bottle 
aside, intending to take a nip or two later that night.
	Masato next opened Kiyone’s gift.  It was a new sketchbook.  
“Wow, this is great,” Masato said.  “I was going to get one soon, anyway.”
	“Well, I beat you to it,” Kiyone chuckled.
	“This is fantastic,” Masato said as he leafed through the luxurious, 
creamy white pages.  “Thanks a lot, partner.”
	“Open mine next!” Mihoshi begged, nearly jumping up and down.
	Masato obliged and picked up her gift.  Enclosed in the flashy 
wrapping paper was a pencil set.  “This will go great with the sketchbook,” 
Masato said as he examined the drawing utensils.
	“That’s why I bought them,” Mihoshi stated.  “I figured that you’d 
need something to draw with on that new sketchbook.”
	Masato was impressed.  For once, Mihoshi had thought practically.  
“You’re absolutely right about that,” he said to her.  “Thank you very 
much.”
	Surprisingly, the gift from Washu was able to fit in a very small 
box.  Not wanting to seem rude, he opened it with a little less caution than 
he would have liked.  Inside was a digital watch.  At least, it looked like a 
digital watch.
	“Wow, what a cool watch,” Masato said as he wrapped it around 
his wrist in place of his old timepiece.
	“I made it myself,” Washu said proudly.  “It can tell time in up to 
twenty different countries simultaneously.  It even has an alarm and a 
stopwatch feature.”
	“That’s great,” Masato said.  “But, are you absolutely sure that 
that’s all it does?”
	“It also contains a small voice-activated nuclear self-destruct 
mechanism,” Washu announced.  Everyone gasped.
	Washu began to cackle maniacally.  “Just kidding!” she said 
joyfully.  Everyone relaxed.  Sometimes it was hard to tell when Washu 
was kidding and telling the truth.
	Next was Tenchi’s gift.  Inside the box was a brand new combat 
robe.  “I figured that you could use it when you’re training with Washu’s 
program,” Tenchi said, “and also when you and I train together.”
	“That’s a great idea,” Masato said.  “Now I can look good even 
when you kick my butt.”  Everyone laughed heartily at the comment.
	The last package on the table was from Yosho.  Masato gently slid 
from the wrapping paper a beautifully lacquered wooden training sword.  
“Oh, wow,” he said as he marveled at the almost mirror-like finish.
	“It’s made from imported walnut,” Yosho said.  “I figured a fine 
swordfighter like yourself deserves a fine sword.”
	“It’s really great,” Masato said.  “Thank you very much, Yosho.”
	“You’re more than welcome, Masato,” Yosho replied.
	Suddenly, Tenchi noticed that it seemed as though one gift was 
missing.  “Ayeka, did you get Masato a gift?” he asked.
	Ayeka’s face adapted a reddish tint.  “Yes, I did,” she said.  “I 
just... I want to give it to him later.”
	“Oh, okay,” Tenchi said.
	“Well, I hope you enjoyed your birthday party, Masato,” Kiyone 
said.
	“You have no idea,” Masato replied, grinning from ear to ear.
	“Speech!  Speech!” Mihoshi shouted.
	Masato stood up.  “I guess I should say something,” he said.  “First 
of all, I just want to say that, considering the circumstances that brought 
me here to begin with, I never imagined that I would be so well received.  
And not only did you offer me a place to stay, but you also all became my 
friends.  Heck, you’re like my family, now.  It’s like I’m living in some 
wonderful dream that I never want to wake up from.  You’ve given me 
food, shelter, and friendship, which is more than I can ever hope to repay.  
And now, to top it all off, you throw me the most elaborate birthday party 
I’ve ever had.  I just can’t tell you how much I appreciate all you’ve done 
for me.  From the bottom of my heart, thank you all.”
	“You’re welcome, Masato,” Tenchi and Kiyone said in unison.
	“It was the least we could do,” Ryoko said.
	“Yeah; we really like having you here,” Sasami chimed in.
	“After all you’ve done for us,” Washu began, “it was high time we 
did something to show how much we appreciate you.”
	“Well, mission accomplished,” Masato said.  “I don’t just feel 
appreciated; this is the first time in a long while that I’ve felt... at home.  
Again, thank you all.  I can’t tell you enough how much tonight means to 
me.”
	“We were happy to do it,” Kiyone said.
	“An unforgettable guy deserves an unforgettable party!” Mihoshi 
announced.
	“I certainly won’t ever forget this,” Masato said wholeheartedly.
	Yosho rose from his seat and stretched.  “Well, this is about all the 
excitement an old man like me can stand for one night,” he said.  “I’m 
heading for a nice long sleep.”
	“Yeah, I’m a little tired myself,” Mihoshi said.
	“I’ve got to start cleaning up all these dishes,” Sasami said as she 
made her way to the kitchen.
	And so, disappointed at knowing that the party had to end 
sometime, everyone adjourned themselves from the table and once again 
resumed their everyday activities.  All except for Ayeka, who snuck back 
up to her room and retrieved a small black velvet box.

Chapter 6:  Ayeka’s Decision

	Masato stood overlooking the lake, leaning on the railing of the 
balcony as he so often did.  For the life of him, he still couldn’t believe all 
the trouble everyone had gone through to celebrate his birthday.  And he 
didn’t even ask for anything!  Maybe Ayeka was right about his luck.  He 
had crashed to Earth, and somehow managed to be found by the kindest 
people who inhabited it.  Masato gently massaged the sides of his face; all 
that laughing and smiling had made his mouth a little sore.
	Masato heard the door open behind him, and turned to see Ayeka 
advancing towards him.  She lightly stepped to the railing, and joined 
Masato in looking out over the lake.  “Some party, huh?” she asked.
	“It sure was,” Masato agreed.  “Thanks again.”
	“Anytime,” Ayeka said with a smile.
	“There is something that’s bothering me, though,” Masato said in a 
more serious tone.  “The walk this afternoon was a diversion.  You only 
did it to distract me, right?”
	“It started out that way, yes,” Ayeka confessed.  “But I really did 
have a lot of fun.  And I do hope that we can do it again soon.”
	“Do you mean that?” Masato asked, looking Ayeka full in the face.
	“Yes, I do,” Ayeka said.  “In fact, I want to give you something, 
Masato.”  She handed him the small velvet box.
	Masato took the box in his hands.  This must have been the gift 
that Ayeka said she’d give him later.  “You didn’t have to do this,” Masato 
said.
	“Actually, I did,” Ayeka said.  “Open it.”
	Masato pried open the lid and saw the chain and pendant glisten in 
the moonlight.  His mouth hung open as he held the necklace up, admiring 
the stone.  The gem looked just like Ayeka’s eyes.
	“I didn’t know if you liked jewelry,” Ayeka said, “but--”
	“Shh!” Masato cut her off as he held up a hand, continuing to stare 
in awe at the gift.  “It’s beautiful,” he said.  He unhooked the clasp and 
placed it around his neck.  “I don’t know what to say.”
	“There’s an inscription on the back,” Ayeka said.
	Masato flipped the pendant over and could just make out the 
inscription on the soft moonlight.  He read it aloud.  “‘For Masato.  
Because I only have eyes for you.  Love always, Ayeka.’”  Masato turned 
his eyes from the gift to the giver.  “I’m not sure I understand what that 
means,” he said.
	“It means,” Ayeka said, butterflies beginning to fly in her stomach, 
“that I’ve made my decision.  I’ve made my choice.  And I... I choose 
you.”
	A look of shock and disbelief crossed Masato’s face.  “Are you 
saying what I think you’re saying?” he asked anxiously.
	“Yes, Masato,” Ayeka said as she leaned closer to him.  “I’m 
saying that you and I will always be together.  I’m saying that I love you.”
	Masato nearly fell over.  He had just heard the words that he had 
waited so long to hear.  Every conceivable emotion rushed through him.  
In that one split second he suddenly felt as though all was right with the 
world, and that everything he had ever wanted was right there.  Before 
Masato could even think about what he was doing, he clutched Ayeka 
tightly and kissed her.
	For either to say how long they were locked in that kiss would have 
been impossible.  For while the two embraced, time itself seemed to 
freeze, and all that once existed was wiped away, leaving just Masato and 
Ayeka as the center point of the universe.  Each time one felt as though the 
other would soon push away, their embrace became tighter and more 
passionate.  Finally, more out of emotional fatigue than of a desire to end 
the moment, their lips separated, and Masato and Ayeka stared lovingly 
into each other’s eyes.
	“Well, it’s about time, you two!” a voice said from behind them.
	The pair turned to see everyone gathered at the doorway to the 
balcony.  It had been Ryoko who had just spoken.
	Masato felt his face go red.  “How long have you all been standing 
there?” he asked, embarrassment nearly choking off his voice.
	“Long enough to know that you two are an item now,” Washu said.
	“I was beginning to think that you two would never get together,” 
Kiyone said with a wry smile.
	Masato quickly picked Tenchi’s face out of the crowd.  “Tenchi, 
are you... are you okay with this?” he asked cautiously.
	“Of course!” Tenchi said, beaming.  “I think it’s wonderful that 
you two are together.”
	“Tenchi and I came to an understanding,” Ayeka said.  “He was the 
one who really helped me to make my decision.”
	“I’m so happy for you, Ayeka!” Sasami said gleefully.
	“Wow, this is just like what happens on TV,” Mihoshi said, 
clutching her hands.
	“It sure is,” Ryoko concurred.  “Ooh, this is all so romantic, 
Tenchi.  Doesn’t it give you any ideas?”  Tenchi’s eyes widened, and the 
only idea he could come up with was to find a way to get beyond the reach 
of the lustful space pirate.
	“Ryoko, you don’t really think that, just because I’m out of the 
picture, Tenchi will settle for you, now do you?” Ayeka asked with a wry 
smile.
	“What do you mean, ‘settle?’” Ryoko asked hotly.  “I’m ten times 
the woman you’ll ever be!”
	“Funny you should say that,” Ayeka said, continuing to smile.  
“You do look like you’ve put on a few pounds.”
	“What?!” Ryoko yelled.  Before Ryoko could defend herself, 
Masato began laughing hysterically at Ayeka’s clever response.  “Masato, 
are you going to stand there and let Ayeka tell me that Tenchi and I 
shouldn’t be together now?” Ryoko asked.
	“Actually, I find it only natural,” Masato said.  “After all, Tenchi 
and Ayeka are related, and she’s just looking out for her relative’s best 
interests.”
	“And you don’t think that I’m in Tenchi’s best interest?” Ryoko 
queried.
	“I never said that,” Masato returned, “but just try telling that to 
Ayeka.”
	Ryoko thought hard to try and find something to say, but she could 
not.  Amazing how, with all the power she had to fight anyone in the 
galaxy to a standstill, one cleverly turned comment could suck all the wind 
out of her sails.
	“Well, it’s been quite a hectic day, hasn’t it?” Washu asked loudly.  
“Maybe we ought to think about heading off to bed and... leaving these 
two alone.”
	“Oh, I get it,” Mihoshi said slowly.  “Yeah, let’s all go inside.”
	“Congratulations again, you two,” Tenchi said as he turned to 
reenter the house.  “I’m happy for you.”
	“Thanks, Tenchi,” Masato said.
	Alone again on the balcony, Ayeka and Masato stood side-by-side 
overlooking the water.  Neither spoke for several moments, feeling that 
words were unnecessary.  Everything that either had wanted to say, or had 
wanted to have been said, had been.  So each stood leaning against the 
railing, basking in the glow of their newly established relationship.
	“Masato,” Ayeka finally asked, “can I ask you something?”
	“Sure,” Masato said as he turned to face her.
	“What did you wish for when you blew out your candles?” Ayeka 
questioned.
	Masato chuckled.  “I don’t have to tell you what my wish was,” he 
replied.
	“Why not?” asked Ayeka.
	Masato gently wrapped his arms around her and gazed into her 
eyes.  “Because,” he said, “it just came true.”
