DICLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE CHARACTERS OR SITUATIONS 
I ONLY MADE EZEYA.


The Masaki Clan
Part 1
By: Caleb Holland


   It is six o'clock in the morning. Off in the hills of  
Okayama, Japan sits a Shinto shrine. Surrounding this 
shrine are trees, lakes, and clear blue sky. This is the 
most peaceful place on Earth. Deep in the woods behind the 
shrine a voice could be heard. It was the voice of a 
teenage boy named Tenchi. He was about eighteen and very 
well built. In his hands he held a bouken (wooden sword). 
Standing across from him was an old man. It was Tenchi's 
grandfather, Kagaveto. He to held a bouken. 
   "Hiya!" , Tenchi yelled. 
   The two of them ran toward each other. Their swords 
clashed and the echo could be heard all over the forest. 
They jumped back and ran toward each other again. This time 
Tenchi ducked his grandfather's swipe and held the end of 
the sword to Kagaveto's neck.
   "Very good, Tenchi. I believe this fight is yours."
   "Hey you guys!" a voice called. "I want to challenge 
Tenchi"
   "Mom?" Tenchi said confused.
   "What? You aren't scared of your own mother."
   "Of course not."
   "You should be." Achika was Tenchi's mother. Kagaveto 
had also trained her. She picked up the bouken and faced 
Tenchi.
   "Hiya!" Tenchi yelled.
   The two of them ran toward each other and swiped. The 
swords hit each other. There was a crack and Tenchi's sword 
snapped in half.
   "Goody." Achika said. "I win Tenchi."
   Tenchi smiled and stood to his feet. He hugged his 
mother and the two of them walked toward the house. 


   In the silence of space a ship moves toward earth. 
Inside the ship was a large man. He had long brown hair and 
dark green eyes. His name was Ezeya. He was on his way to 
earth. He had heard of a clan that carried a mysterious 
power, a power that could destroy a planet if properly 
used. He smiled grimly. A view screen popped up and 
Achika's picture was on it. He shook his head and brought 
up a picture of Tenchi.
   "The woman may have a lot of power, the boy has an 
infinite supply. He can not use it yet so that means the 
power is pure." He laughed to himself and turned off the 
view screen.


   Tenchi sat at the dinner table with Kagaveto, Achika, 
and his father Noba'Yuki. They were enjoying a nice dinner 
and Tenchi was telling his parents about his day at school. 
They finished dinner and they all went to bed.
   It was three o'clock in the morning. Tenchi woke up and 
went to his window. Outside was Ezeya.
   "Who are you?" Tenchi asked.
   "I am Ezeya. I have come for you Tenchi."
   "What?"
   "Yes, Tenchi, you possess a power that I must have."
   Ezeya moved toward the window when a ball of energy 
knocked him to the ground. He stood to see Kagaveto 
standing about one hundred feet away.
   "Ah, yes. Kagaveto, nice to see you again."
   The old man stood with a look of anger in his eyes. "You 
will not take my grandson from here."
   "Is that a challenge?"
   The two of them stood staring at each other. Tenchi 
watched from his window as the evil villain drew his sword.
   "Tenchi! Bring me a sword from the shrine."
   Tenchi ran toward the shrine as fast as he could. He 
picked out his grandfather's best sword. He ran back to the 
house hoping he would be on time.


TO BE CONTINUED.
