Disclaimer:  As much as I would love to take credit for the characters in 
this story, I cannot.  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  “Ryoko’s Shadow,” though based on pre-existing characters, 
is the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
Ditto for all original characters found therein.  Now that that’s out of the 
way, enjoy the story!

Note to reader:  Once again, I have omitted a few minor characters for 
simplicity’s sake, because their appearances would not have contributed 
further to content.  Just think of them as hanging around in the background 
somewhere.  By the way, I write these stories in the hopes of receiving a 
response; so, if you have a reaction--any reaction--to any of my stories, 
PLEASE e-mail me at LardAlmighty@netscape.net.  I welcome all 
comments, from intense praise to personal insults.

Ryoko’s Shadow

Chapter 1:  One Track Mind

	Personal Log (final entry):  In this log I have chronicled 
meticulously my plans concerning the future.  The future is now.  Today is 
the day when I finally put my plans for revenge to their ultimate test.  How 
many years in the making it has been, I cannot say, for I have lost count.  
Time means nothing to me anymore.  All that matters is revenge.  For 
nearly my entire life it has obsessed me, kept me its prisoner, as if I were 
locked helplessly in a cage.  And now, I am about to be liberated from that 
cage.
	Contrary to what a terminal condition might traditionally dictate, I 
feel more physically able and focused than I have in many years.  I 
suppose the focus was always there, but now with my ultimate goal nearly 
within reach, it has been sharpened to the point where all else, even my 
own welfare, is ancillary.  I have already signed my own death warrant, 
and will welcome its cold embrace when the time comes, whether it be 
today or six months from now.  It will be a merciful release from the hell 
that has plagued my being for so long.  Many say I will not succeed.  
Perhaps they are right, but what kind of son would I be if I didn’t try?
	Looking back over my previous entries into this journal, I realize 
that my motivation would be unclear to the casual reader, for it is a dark 
subject that I have kept to myself.  But now, I realize, that perhaps 
someone shall find his or herself an audience to these discourses, so it 
would be wise of me to explain why I have chosen my present course of 
action.  Many years ago I was an innocent youth, full of promise and 
potential, looking forward to what the future would hold.  And then she 
came.  She came and took my parents away, and filled my once bright 
future with nothing but darkness.  Since then I have lived for nothing but 
to exact the ultimate revenge.  She destroyed my life, hollowed me out 
until nothing but hatred existed.  I know little about who I am today 
because of what she is responsible for.
	Perhaps the question of who I am is best left to those I have left in 
my wake.  My grandparents, for instance.  According to what they have 
said in the very few correspondences we have had, I was an insolent child.  
Of course, this was all after the funeral.  I was filled with anger and a 
desire to get back at the cause of my pain.  When I learned what--or who, 
in this case--was responsible for smashing my life into shambles, my 
violence and contempt grew tenfold.  Unable to deal with the prospect of 
raising such a beast, they shipped me off to an institution for troubled 
youths, where I resided for the majority of my adolescence.  There I was 
left to brood, the seed of vengeance beginning to germinate and overtake 
my entire life.  The doctors all said it was a phase, that after I came to 
terms with the death of my parents I would be able to let my rage go and 
lead a normal, productive life.  They were sorely mistaken.  It took a pen 
in a neck before the doctors all realized that I was a hopeless cause, and 
had sustained too much mental scarring to be considered curable.  
However, there was a cure, and I decided to proceed with treatment as 
soon as possible.  I realized while staring up at the blank white ceiling that 
I had to avenge the death of my parents.
	Not just my parents, though.  How many other people has she 
killed?  A hundred?  A thousand?  A million?  I came to view her as not a 
sentient being, but as some unholy force with an insatiable appetite for 
blood.  A disease, a cancer, a plague that must be eradicated from the 
universe.  While my motivation is largely self-centered, I have taken into 
account the benefits the success of my revenge would have on all the 
beings of the universe.  I would be a cleansing agent, ridding decent and 
innocent people of the worry of having their loved ones taken from them 
senselessly.  So, to those who may criticize me, I can only respond by 
saying that the lives I might save today by destroying this virus may be 
theirs.
	To whoever may find this journal upon my death, I hope that I have 
given a comprehensive account of what my life has been like.  Although, 
my death will certainly mean much more, if I am successful.  I have tried 
to do what others in my position would naturally incline towards, but don’t 
dare undertake, perhaps because they lack courage or will or 
determination.  It is for them, and for all the silenced voices that still 
scream for mercy they shall never receive, that I do what I do.  And soon 
my own voice will be silenced, whether I get my revenge or not.  Either 
way, I shall be the latest of the many victims of the space pirate Ryoko.

Chapter 2:  Unwelcome Arrival

	“Where on earth is Ryoko?” asked Sasami as she served breakfast.  
“Her breakfast is going to get cold.”
	“If she’s not still sleeping, she’s probably puking her guts out,” 
said Masato, still clutching his hung-over head.  “I’ve never seen a woman 
drink that much in my entire life.”
	“You packed a few away yourself, Masato,” chided Kiyone.
	“Ugh, don’t remind me,” Masato struggled to articulate, his tongue 
feeling like a dry pot roast in his mouth.  Masato usually wasn’t in the 
habit of drinking, but he could not refuse a direct challenge from Ryoko.  
Obviously, he had lost.  “And quiet down,” he continued.  “Your words 
are like jackhammers in my skull.”
	“Well, you should have known better,” scolded Ayeka lightly.  “It 
serves you right for letting Ryoko talk you into such things.”
	“If I never see another drop of alcohol again, it’ll be too soon,” said 
Masato, his head sinking down upon the table.  At that moment, Sasami 
placed a plate of food in front of his glazed eyes, and Masato could 
anticipate the sumptuous meal turning to sand in his mouth.  “Forgive me, 
Sasami, but I don’t think I have much of an appetite this morning,” Masato 
said as he got up.  “If you’ll all excuse me, I think I’ll go and wash up.”
	Tenchi passed Masato on his way downstairs to breakfast.  “What 
happened to Masato?” he asked.  “He looks terrible.”
	“Ryoko challenged him to a drinking contest last night,” Ayeka 
said, exasperation in her tone.  “Ryoko won.”
	“She always does,” said Tenchi with a smile.
	However, the price of victory was high.  Ryoko did not emerge 
from her room until nearly dinnertime.  Masato, who was in the living 
room reading a volume of poetry, and whose hang-over had cleared up 
some hours previous, noticed her stagger out of her bedroom.  “Well, good 
morning, sunshine,” he called sarcastically.  “Have a good sleep?”  Ryoko 
only moaned acknowledgement as she made her way to the bathroom.
	“You look a bit peaked, my dear,” Masato continued to gibe.  
“Perhaps you should partake of some of the hair of the dog that bit you.”  
Ryoko noisily closed the door of the bathroom as she slugged inside.  
Masato chuckled.  Ryoko may have won the drinking contest, but he was 
still way ahead in the war of words.
	However when dinner was served, Ryoko, with the prospect of 
filling her empty stomach, was back to her old self.  She even asked if 
Masato felt up to round two.
	“Not a chance!” he shouted back at her.  “I can’t take any more.”
	“Aw, come on,” she mockingly begged, “you were doing great last 
night.  Up until you passed out, that is.”
	“Yeah, well, before I conked out you must have already drank three 
times as much as me,” Masato returned.  “That can’t be healthy.”
	“Don’t be so dramatic,” Ryoko replied.  “We’ve both survived 
worse.”
	“Listen, Ryoko,” said Masato, growing a little impatient, “I can 
admit when I’m beaten.  There’s no chance of me ever drinking you under 
the table.  So don’t try and get me to go on another bender, okay?  I told 
you, I can’t take it.”
	“Yeah, Masato looked like he was in really bad shape this 
morning,” agreed Kiyone.
	“Boy, for someone who’s supposed to be so tough, you really are a 
wimp,” Ryoko said with disappointment.
	“I never said I was tough,” replied Masato with dignity.  “And I’m 
certainly not stupid.”
	“Oh, well,” sighed Ryoko.  “Tenchi, how about sharing a drink 
with me later, hmm?”
	“Er, maybe I shouldn’t...” said Tenchi hesitantly.
	“Out of the question!” shouted Ayeka hotly at Ryoko.  “I shudder 
to think what vile things you might try if the two of you were together!”
	“I’m sure it’s nothing you wouldn’t try if you were with him, 
princess,” Ryoko said with a smirk.
	By now Ayeka’s face was bright red.  Before she could return with 
a flurry of insults, Masato cut in.  “Ryoko, if you give Tenchi as much 
alcohol as you gave to me last night,” he began, “I guarantee he won’t be 
much fun.  There’s not much you can do with him when he’s passed out.  
Unless, of course, you’re even more of a brute than Ayeka suspects.”
	“Hey!” shouted Ryoko.  “I am not a brute.”
	“I never said you were,” Masato replied with a grin.  It was the 
truth; Masato had not once called her a brute.
	Unable to respond, Ryoko sat back in her chair and cast her eyes 
sheepishly to the floor.  Once again, she found herself at a loss for words 
at the hands of Masato.  He was indeed way ahead in the war of the words.  
Tenchi breathed a small sigh of relief.  Since Masato’s arrival many a 
tense situation between Ayeka and Ryoko had been defused.  He found 
that pieces of furniture in the house were lasting three, sometimes four 
whole weeks.
	“Hey, who is that?” asked Mihoshi as she pointed out the window.  
Everyone followed her pointing finger to a figure who stood on the lawn, 
silhouetted against the setting sun.  Oddly, he made no effort to approach 
the house.  He stood stark still, his only movement being that of his hair 
which the light evening breeze danced through.
	Tenchi rose from his chair.  “I’d better go see what he wants,” he 
said as he went out the front door.  The others gathered around the window 
to find out who the visitor was.  “Can I help you?” called Tenchi to the 
man.
	“Where is Ryoko?” the figure returned icily.
	“What?” asked Tenchi, truly taken aback.  “What do you want with 
her?”
	“Where is Ryoko?” he asked again, his voice growing firm and 
harsh.
	“Hey, who are you?” asked Tenchi.
	“Don’t play games with me, boy,” the man said as an energy sword 
extended from his hand.  “I won’t ask again.”
	Ryoko, who had heard the conversation, materialized beside 
Tenchi.  “I’m right here,” she said firmly.  “What do you want?”
	The man powered down his sword, and continued to stare.  It was 
her alright.  The moment he had long awaited was finally upon him.  The 
future was now.  He could not help but let a cold smile escape his lips.
	“Who are you?” Ryoko thundered.
	“What do you care?” the man asked.  “To you I’m just another sack 
of meat and bones, right?  Just like all the others that you’ve slaughtered.”
	“What are you talking about?” Ryoko inquired.
	“You know very well what I’m talking about,” the man responded, 
his voice low and foreboding.  “I’ve come to make sure that the killing 
stops.  I’ve come to make sure that another small boy won’t lose his 
parents at the hands of a vicious monster.”
	“You’re not making sense!” shouted Ryoko contemptuously.  
“Who are you?  What’s your name?”
	“I’m afraid I don’t have one,” the man said.  “You’ve destroyed it, 
as you destroyed the rest of my existence.  But, if you really feel the need 
to address me, you may call me Cage.”

Chapter 3:  Means to an End

	Personal Log:  I was surprised to receive a visitor.  I hadn’t had one 
in many years.  I thought that the outside world would have surely 
forgotten all about me, which would have been just as well, seeing as how 
it did not interest me.  After all, it had left me to rot away in this 
godforsaken asylum.
	The visitor was a man called Dr. Weisz.  I thought he was another 
psychiatrist and I told him to piss off.  But he told me that he had no 
interest in psychology, but his field was that of bioelectronics.  I asked him 
what that had to do with me.
	He said that I had been “chosen” by my case record.  He was 
impressed with the fact that my whole life revolved around revenge on a 
single person.  I told him that he’d do the same thing if he were me.  But 
then he said something that piqued my interest.  He told me that he could 
get me out, and help me with my plan.
	I asked him why he wanted to help me.  After all, he had no stake 
in my business.  All he said was to not look a gift horse in the mouth.  I 
suppose he was right; I wasn’t much good to anyone locked away in that 
hole.  So, I had him sign me out, knowing only that I would be what he 
termed a “research subject.”  I must admit that I didn’t much like the 
sound of that, but he did promise to help me, which is more than anyone 
else had done for me in quite some time.
	The asylum was more than happy to get rid of me.  I was one of its 
few permanent residents, and they always were short on space.  To no 
longer need to call me their responsibility must have been music to their 
ears.  Not that I was a particularly difficult guest, of course.  I kept mostly 
to myself, never bothered anyone.  But I guess they were just sick and tired 
of seeing my face, knowing that I couldn’t be helped.  I can’t say I blame 
them; I think I’d get pretty sick of me after a while, too.
	Right now, I’ve been told to rest.  Dr. Weisz set me up with living 
quarters at his laboratory.  I must say that it’s not much different than my 
room at the asylum, but having a light at the end of the tunnel really does 
make a big difference.  Dr. Weisz says that he will fill me in on all the 
specifics in the morning, and that I should get a good night’s sleep.  I 
suppose I will sleep well, knowing that at least one person is beginning to 
see things my way.

	“Cage, huh?” Ryoko asked curtly.  “I take it this isn’t a social call, 
then?”
	“Far from it,” Cage said, his smile growing wider.  By now 
everyone had emptied out of the house and stood on the lawn, gawking at 
the scene that was unfolding before them.  Cage stepped closer to the 
group, out of the glare of the setting sun.  For the first time everyone was 
able to get a good look at him.  He certainly looked human, but his skin 
was almost pure white.  They all gasped as they noticed wires running into 
his arms, seeming to converge at the top of his back.  A dark visor covered 
his eyes.  “You see, many years ago you killed my parents.”
	Ryoko did not respond.  She only stood looking angry, and slightly 
confused.  “Don’t worry,” said Cage, “I figured you wouldn’t remember.  
But let me fill you in.  It was during one of your many bank heists.  The 
police had the building surrounded.  You could have escaped easily 
enough without harming a soul.  Still, you leveled half the building and 
blasted holes into the rest of the block trying to make sport of the fleeing 
officers.  Maybe you didn’t notice at the time, but in the bank was a couple 
who were withdrawing money from their joint account for an upcoming 
vacation.  As the building toppled, they were crushed under tons of debris.  
That couple which you so heartlessly slaughtered was my mother and 
father.”
	Ryoko did not reply.  True, she had killed many people in her 
lifetime, but at the time she needed to do whatever it took to survive.  Now 
that she was living peacefully on Earth, there was no need to take any 
more lives.  She had left her old life behind and gladly traded it in for her 
life with Tenchi.
	Cage went on.  “They never did anything to you.  They would have 
been just as content to see you off and gone with your money.  But you 
killed them anyway.  You robbed me of my family for no good reason.”
	“That was a long time ago,” Ryoko replied.  “I don’t do that any 
more.”
	“Is that any excuse?” returned Cage hotly.  “Does that absolve you 
from the crimes you have committed?”
	“You don’t understand,” Ryoko said.  “I’ve changed since then.”
	“So have I, Ryoko,” said Cage.  “So have I.”
	“Look, I’m not going to fight you,” Ryoko said impatiently.  “So 
just get out of here.”
	“I’m afraid I can’t do that,” Cage replied with a smile.  “You see, 
I’ve waited my whole life for this.  Do you have any idea what it’s like to 
have your earliest childhood memory be your parents’ funeral?  I can’t let 
you live, Ryoko.  I can’t forgive you for what you’ve taken from me.”
	“Sorry to disappoint you,” Ryoko said with bitterness, “but I’m not 
going to fight you.”
	Cage sighed heavily.  “Well, that is a disappointment.  I don’t 
normally result to this; after all, unlike you I don’t kill for shear 
enjoyment.  But unless you agree to fight I’m afraid I’m going to have to 
hurt your friends here.”
	“You wouldn’t dare!” shouted Ryoko through clenched teeth.
	“My, my, it seems I’ve struck a nerve,” said Cage.  “Now, who will 
it be first?  Maybe the pink-haired girl?  Or perhaps the gentleman at your 
side?  Or how about the little blue-haired girl?  She looks so sweet.  It 
would be a shame if you let her die.”
	“Enough!” yelled Ryoko, her cry echoing throughout the backyard.  
“Fine, Cage.  If it’s a fight you want, then it’s a fight you’ll get.”
	Cage smiled wide.  He reached up and removed his visor.  Behind 
it, instead of eyes, was what looked like a pair of lenses framed in metal.  
In fact, it seemed the whole upper half of his face had been replaced by 
metal and wires.  What little skin was left on his face was twisted into his 
devilish smile.  “Very well,” he said with satisfaction, “let’s begin.”

	Personal Log:  Dr. Weisz continued to outfit me with the 
bioelectronic implants he created today.  The procedures are beginning to 
wear on me.  It seems like every other day he’s running a new series of 
wires under my skin.  To be honest, I still haven’t quite recovered from the 
first set.  But Dr. Weisz says that the pain will stop very soon.  Also, he 
says that the implants will significantly increase my strength and 
endurance.  I very much liked the prospect of that.  After all, Ryoko is a 
very powerful being, and I will need all the help I can get to kill her.
	Looking at myself in the mirror has become quite unnerving.  I 
look like I fell into a big pile of coat hangers.  But Dr. Weisz says that, 
after the right adjustments are made, the wires will fit much closer and be 
less perceptible.  I had to laugh.  How can you not notice big black wires 
sticking out of someone’s arm?
	I had to ask him again why he chose to help me.  He confessed to 
me that his motivation was a little selfish.  He figured that, if the scientific 
community were to learn that a man he had enhanced with implants went 
on to defeat Ryoko, one of the most dangerous beings in the galaxy, then 
he would be given a hefty grant from numerous organizations.  So, this has 
been a symbiotic relationship all along.  I figured Dr. Weisz didn’t spring 
me from the asylum out of the kindness of his heart, and his plan certainly 
made sense.  After telling me that, I feel that I can trust him more; after all, 
why would he let anything tragic happen to his gravy train?
	Right now, I’m a little swollen, and I’m sore all over.  But knowing 
that Dr. Weisz’s final product is going to be a man that will single-
handedly be able to take down Ryoko tends to mitigate any physical 
discomfort I feel.
	I asked Dr. Weisz when I would be able to test out my heightened 
strength.  He told me that he hasn’t integrated all the wires yet, and 
wouldn’t be able to until all the wires were inserted.  So, here I am, 
looking like a computer terminal, and not much better off for it.  I admit 
that I feel kind of ridiculous.  But Dr. Weisz assures me that, once all the 
wiring is activated, my strength will be like nothing that has ever been 
seen before.  So I guess for now I’ll endure the poking and prodding.  Like 
I said before, the end result will be more than worth it.

Chapter 4:  Unholy Power

	“Oh, my God!” shrieked Mihoshi.
	“What happened to his eyes?” asked Tenchi with horror.
	“Do you like my new look?” asked Cage lightly.  “I’ve been 
outfitted with experimental bioelectronic implants.  They increase my 
strength significantly.  And my vision is very acute.  Granted, it wasn’t as 
simple as laser surgery, but it was a hell of a lot more effective.”
	“If you’re trying to intimidate me, forget it,” remarked Ryoko.  
“I’ve buried guys who were a heck of a lot uglier than you are.”
	“Maybe,” said Cage, “but they didn’t have science on their side.”
	“Alright, enough talk!” snapped Ryoko.  “Let’s get this over with.”
	Cage agreed by once again extending his energy sword.  Ryoko 
came at him full speed, her own energy sword poised for the strike.  
However, before reaching Cage she disappeared.  Hoping to catch him off 
guard, Ryoko appeared behind him, and was surprised when Cage wheeled 
around and gave her a powerful roundhouse kick to the head that sent her 
sprawling.  She tumbled to the ground several feet away and rose to her 
knees, trying to shake off the blow she had just received.  Maybe he wasn’t 
kidding about those implants.
	Cage leapt into the air towards Ryoko, hoping to land his foot in 
her face while she was still groggy.  However, Ryoko recovered in time to 
roll out of the way, and Cage brought his foot down on nothing but soil.  
His foot plunged into the ground, covering his boot top.  While attempting 
to extract his foot from the earth, Ryoko made several swipes with her 
sword, but they were easily parried by Cage.  Eventually Cage’s foot 
exploded from the ground and caught Ryoko in the midsection.  The blow 
sent her flying for several meters, until a tree halted her in mid-flight.  A 
shower of bark and splinters sprayed off the tree as she slammed into it.
	Unbeknownst to Cage, Tenchi and the others were making 
preparations of their own against this newest enemy.  Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
and Masato all ran inside to retrieve their blasters.  Tenchi followed to 
retrieve Tenchi-ken.  Ayeka and Washu took Sasami back inside so that 
she would no get hurt.  Blasters in hand, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Masato 
emerged into the backyard.  “You both go around the sides,” Kiyone said.  
“I’ll go straight at him.”
	By now Cage was making a mad dash towards Ryoko, and gave 
her a kick in the ribs before she was able to get up.  The hit sent her flying 
several more meters, and she crashed limply to the ground.  With Cage 
moving so fast, no one could get a good shot on him with their blasters.  
All the three could do was try to keep pace with him and wait for a safe 
shot.
	Cage made another dash to where Ryoko lay, but stopped short.  
Ryoko was already badly beaten, and she could barely raise her head to 
look at Cage as he stood over her.  “How do you feel?” Cage asked with a 
sinister grimace.  “Let me assure you that the pain you feel now is nothing 
to what I have felt my entire life.  Now I’m going to make you suffer just 
like I have!”
	Cage was standing still.  At last, a good shot!  Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
and Masato all began to fire upon him from three sides.  They could all tell 
that most of the bullets penetrated, but Cage didn’t even seem to flinch.  
He stood there, as if each chunk of lead ripping through him were nothing 
but a mosquito bite.  When all clips were empty he turned to face Masato, 
who was nearest.  “That was rather desperate,” he said dryly.
	“No,” Kiyone said with mouth agape.  “How?  That’s not 
possible!”

	Personal Log:  Dr. Weisz says that all of the implants are in place, 
and I can begin testing out my new abilities in a few days.  The optic 
implants were hardest to get used to.  They do work better than my eyes 
did, but they certainly don’t do much for my looks.  I’ve been feeling 
strange since the operations concluded; my arms and legs feel like they’re 
not even there.  Dr. Weisz says that that’s normal.
	Then he asked me how far I was willing to go for my revenge.  I 
was a little confused at that question.  Weren’t bioelectronic implants the 
farthest I could possibly go?  But he told me that he also had a 
combination of chemicals that, when used in combination with the 
implants, could even further increase my strength, and make me nearly 
indestructible.  However, the trade-off was that my life span would be 
shortened down to about half a year.  He offered to give me the chemicals, 
promising me that my performance would exceed all my expectations.  I 
had to think a little bit about what he was offering, but it didn’t take me 
long to make up my mind.  After all, I didn’t need a whole lot of time to 
get revenge; six months would be more than enough time.  It’s just as 
well; there aren’t a lot of blank pages left in this journal, anyway.
	The chemicals made me feel very cold, like my blood had been 
replaced by ice water.  Dr. Weisz says that the chemicals are actually 
allowing my brain and tissue functions to continue without the need for 
my respiratory and cardiovascular systems.  I told him that was impossible.  
He told me to try it.  So I took a breath and held it in.  I stopped after two 
hours because I got bored.  Dr. Weisz never ceases to amaze me.
	Dr. Weisz also said that I can go without many other things, like 
sleeping.  He’s right.  I’ve been lying here for hours trying to get some 
shut-eye, and I’m still not sleepy.  Basically, the chemicals are a cocktail 
of enhanced nutrients that the body needs to sustain itself, and through my 
blood stream all of my muscles have been bathed in it.  So, for six months 
I can survive while being completely cut off from my heart, lungs, etc.  
Pretty wild.  But after six months it wears off, and my organs will have 
become so atrophied and damaged since then that they will no longer be 
able to keep me alive.  My body will gradually shut down.  I’m not really 
looking forward to that.  Hopefully between now and then I will have 
killed Ryoko.
	Like I said, I feel very cold.  But I care little about my own 
personal feelings right now.  It won’t be much longer.  Probably within a 
few days I’ll be able to realize my life’s goal.

Chapter 5:  Dimming Hopes

	Cage casually walked to where a dumbfounded Masato stood.  
Masato could see where the bullets had entered.  Some of them he could 
see straight through to the other side, despite the darkening sky.  Cage’s 
hand shot up and grasped Masato tightly by the throat.  Masato felt his feet 
lose contact with the ground as Cage raised him up high.  “If you insist on 
interfering, I’m just going to have to kill you,” he said through clenched 
teeth.
	Cage raised his free arm high and brought the side of his palm 
down heavily upon Masato’s shoulder, and Masato felt something give 
way.  Rather, he heard it first, a grotesque cracking and popping sound, 
like someone stepping on a soda can.  Before he could cry out in agony, 
Cage whipped him into the air and threw him forcefully at where Kiyone 
stood.  Kiyone, who stood shocked and horrified at the strength of Cage, 
was not able to react quickly enough to dodge her former partner, and the 
two collided, sending both of them crashing to the ground.  Masato 
struggled to his knees with his uninjured arm, and glanced at Kiyone.  She 
was not moving, and a stream of blood bubbled from her nose and began 
to pour down her face.  Cage slowly approached the pair, sword in hand.  
“Why anyone would want to protect that horrible creature is beyond me,” 
he said, “but rest assured, it will be the last thing you ever do!”
	Cage brought his sword up high, meaning to strike Masato a 
deathblow.  Masato, barely able to move, feared that Cage may have been 
right.  But before Cage’s sword came down upon him, Ayeka suddenly 
leaped in between the two.  Thinking quickly, she generated a shield 
around her two injured friends, and the progress of Cage’s sword was 
halted by the dome of energy.  “I couldn’t care less if you have a problem 
with Ryoko,” she said firmly, “but you will not harm my friends!”
	“You simpering fool!” shouted Cage.  “Do you really think you can 
stop me?  I have given my whole life for this, and you will not take it away 
from me.  Even if I have to kill every last one of you!  I don’t care 
anymore!  Do you hear me?  I don’t care!”
	Cage’s sword suddenly erupted in a surge of power, sending 
several white bolts licking out from the blade.  He brought his sword down 
again, his cold face grimaced in anger.  The sword’s energy was immense, 
and Ayeka could feel its amazing power.  She also knew that she would 
not be able to stave off the attack for long.  Still, she stood her ground, 
struggling to keep her friends from harm’s way.
	Masato, still feeling like his head was full of cotton, could 
nevertheless see that Ayeka was weakening, and was about to give out.  
Hurriedly he popped a second clip into his blaster, having some idea where 
Cage’s weak spot might be.  He would have to wait for just the right 
moment.
	Ayeka poured every last bit of energy she had into her shield, but it 
was not enough.  Exhausted, she collapsed to the ground.  Before Cage’s 
sword could close the distance and get to her, however, Masato’s shot rang 
out.  A small shower of sparks suddenly spat out of Cage’s optics.  The hit 
sent him off balance and his sword, already in motion for the strike, was 
jarred from its path and missed Ayeka thinly.  Cage slunk away, gingerly 
clutching the exposed wires that Masato’s bullet had dug out of his head.
	Masato scrambled to his feet, taking advantage of the very slim 
window of opportunity that presented itself.  “Mihoshi, get Kiyone back to 
the house!” he shouted.  Mihoshi, who could only stand helpless and afraid 
during the whole ordeal, suddenly summoned what little courage she could 
muster and rushed to help her partner to her feet.  Masato, disregarding the 
burning pain in his shoulder and arm, scooped the unconscious Ayeka into 
his arms and fled with her to the house as fast as his feet would carry him.
	When Cage finally shook off the wound he had incurred, he spied 
Masato and Mihoshi already well on their way to the house, their injured 
comrades in tow.  He thought it best to allow them to go.  After all, he had 
more important matters to attend to.  He turned his attention back to where 
he had left Ryoko, who only now was beginning to struggle to her feet.

	Personal Log:  My strength is beyond description.  It has surpassed 
even Dr. Weisz’s expectations.  The measurements he recorded are 
literally off the charts.  However, that doesn’t even come close to 
describing how amazing I feel.  I punched through three inches of rock like 
it was a paper towel.  Plus, the optics I’ve been outfitted with are 
absolutely amazing.  Not only have my eyes been replaced, but some 
receptors have been inserted facing out from behind.  I literally have eyes 
in the back of my head!
	Dr. Weisz wants to keep me under observation for the next few 
days, just to make sure that my body does not reject the implants.  While 
he observes me, I will continue to learn how to use my power to its fullest 
extent.  I actually have an energy emitter imbedded in my hand that can 
create a shaft of immense power, almost like an energy sword.  I imagine it 
will be quite useful, especially since, from what I understand, Ryoko is 
able to use a similar attack.  I made sure that Dr. Weisz was able to put me 
on par with her on all levels.
	Dr. Weisz says that he will allow me to leave at the end of the 
week.  The light at the end of the tunnel is getting closer, brighter.  My 
mind is swimming with anticipation.  I can’t wait until I see the look on 
Ryoko’s face when I destroy her broken body, and send her twisted soul 
spiraling into the depths of hell.

	Cage briefly assessed the damage he had taken.  His forward vision 
was affected little, but the rear receptors had all shorted out.  However, 
that was of little consequence; his main objective was right in front of him, 
and he surmised that she was far beyond the point of being able to move 
behind him quickly enough.
	As Ryoko finally found her footing and stood upright, Cage was 
already upon her.  He brought his fist down heavily into her face, sending 
her once again down to the ground.  Cage wrapped his fingers tightly 
around her throat and hoisted her up high by her neck.  “Now,” he said 
menacingly, “you die.”
	Unbeknownst to Cage, while he was fighting with the others, she 
had been concentrating most of her energy into a single blast.  With him so 
close she was sure that even he would not be able to survive it.  Too weak 
to aim well, she hoped the blast would find its mark.  She released the 
blast, lighting the twilight sky aflame, as if the noonday sun had been 
called upon to stave off the darkness.
	The shockwave sent Ryoko flying from Cage’s iron grip, and she 
alighted quite some distance away, falling heavily to earth.  The dust and 
smoke swirled thick around the blast site.  Ryoko raised her head and 
smiled.  She had used up nearly all of her energy, but the fight was over.  
No way anyone could survive that; Cage was toast for sure.
	The dust began to lift from where Ryoko had placed her blast.  A 
scorched crater occupied where Cage had once stood.  Ryoko now felt 
more sure of herself than ever.  Barely able to move, she nevertheless was 
able to shout, “You’re worm food, wire face!”
	However, as more smoke and dust blew away Ryoko realized with 
horror that her celebration was premature.  On the other side of the crater 
stood Cage, grinning wide, despite his lack of an arm.

Chapter 6:  Unbeatable?

	“Washu, we need help,” said Masato as she and Mihoshi burst into 
the lab, Ayeka and Kiyone hanging limply in their respective arms.
	“Ayeka!” shouted Sasami, who had been ushered into the lab to 
keep her from danger.  “Is she okay?”
	“I think she’s just exhausted,” said Masato.  “But Kiyone’s hurt.”
	“Help me get her on this table,” said Washu, and Kiyone’s limp 
form was placed upon its stainless steel surface.  Washu inspected her face 
after wiping away the blood.  “It looks like she’s got a broken nose,” she 
determined, “and maybe a pretty bad concussion.”  Washu turned her 
attention to Masato, and noticed the way that his shoulder was slumping 
and that his eyes were glassy.  “You look even worse, though.”
	“I’ll be fine,” he insisted.  He turned on his heels and began to 
hastily walk to the door.
	“Where do you think you’re going?” questioned Washu.
	“I’ve got to help Ryoko,” Masato said.  “She’s all alone out there.  
I’ve got to help her.”
	Before Masato could make it to the door, however, the room 
around him seemed to spin.  His vision blurred and darkened, and he 
seemed to lose all sense of balance.  He felt himself falling, as if in a 
dream.  All of his muscles relaxed, and a buzzing sensation overtook his 
head.  Eventually the floor came up and smacked hard against his side.  
Then, he was enveloped in peaceful darkness.
	Washu stood shaking her head.  Sometimes she thought that 
Masato’s heart was bigger than his brain.  “Sasami, you and Mihoshi help 
get Ayeka up to her bed,” she said.  “I’ll take care of our knight in shining 
armor, here.”  Sasami and Mihoshi did as they were told, and Masato was 
laid out on a table next to Kiyone.
	Washu hurriedly gathered the proper medical equipment she would 
need.  But her mind raced with other thoughts, mainly that of Ryoko being 
alone on the battlefield with such a horrible power.  She certainly hoped 
that she would be able to summon the strength she needed to defeat Cage.

	“Marvelous power, Ryoko!” Cage called to her.  “But your aim is a 
little off.  I don’t know about you, but I can certainly live without an arm.”
	Cage began to close the distance between them.  Ryoko sank her 
head back down to the ground.  With no energy left, she was able to do 
nothing more.  She wondered if it was okay if she went out like this, the 
victim of some deranged lunatic, an artifact from a life she had long since 
been absent from.  She was filled with a tremendous sadness.  So much 
she loved she would never be able to do again; so many new and exciting 
experiences she would never have.  She thought of all the people she 
would be leaving behind, all the people who would mourn her.  But over 
all that was the thought of Tenchi.  Her poor, beloved Tenchi!  She would 
miss him so much.
	Cage stood over her, smiling wide.  Where once his left arm 
protruded was nothing but a mess of flesh, bone, and wire.  From his palm, 
Cage’s energy sword once again extended.  “I have waited so long for 
this,” he said in a serious tone.  “You, sitting there helpless, exactly as my 
parents must have been when you buried them under that building.  Take a 
good look at my face, Ryoko, for it will be the last thing you ever see.”
	Cage pointed the tip of the sword at Ryoko’s neck, and began to 
cock his arm to drive home the killing blow.  Without his rear optic 
sensors, however, how could he have known that he would not be able to 
drive the point of the sword into her?
	Suddenly, Cage felt as though his entire body was on fire.  The 
wires running through his arms and legs began to spark and sizzle.  He 
seemed to be unable to control any of his muscles, and his extremities 
began to twitch and flail haphazardly.  The energy sword flickered and 
died.  All the strength had been sapped from his body, and he felt himself 
sinking to the ground.  The flat of his back slammed hard into the ground.  
His implants, which had all but guaranteed him victory, now smoked 
uselessly.  He felt himself slipping, and horrified that he would not be able 
to get his revenge.
	Above the fallen Cage stood Tenchi, his own sword in hand.  He 
had crept up behind Cage and plunged the blade deep into the top of his 
back where the wires all converged, then ripped downward as if pulling on 
a lever.  His job done, Tenchi deactivated the sword and rushed to Ryoko’s 
side.  “Ryoko, say something!” he said, distressed.
	Ryoko turned her amber eyes upon him.  “You... saved me,” she 
was barely able to say.
	Tenchi’s concerned face softened.  “I would have been here sooner, 
but I had trouble finding the sword,” he said.
	Suddenly, Tenchi’s eyes were drawn to the twitching form of Cage.  
He seemed to be saying something, but he could not quite make it out.  He 
strained his ears to hear, and finally discerned what he was saying.  He 
repeated, “Mom...  Dad...  Mom...  Dad...  Mom...  Dad...”  His voice grew 
quieter with each recitation, until eventually only his lips moved.  Then, 
even they ceased, and Cage’s head fell limply to one side.
	“Cage,” said Ryoko weakly, “is he...”
	“He’s gone,” Tenchi said.  “You’re safe now.”
	Ryoko smiled thinly.  Never had she been so glad to see Tenchi’s 
kind brown eyes.  Despite her complete and utter exhaustion, she brought 
her hand up and placed it on Tenchi’s cheek.  But before she could tell him 
how much she loved him, she slipped peacefully and easily into 
unconsciousness.

Chapter 7:  Recovery

	Masato awoke in the lab, puzzled as to how he found himself on a 
table.  He sat up, and grimaced in discomfort as a sharp pain ran along his 
arm.  He looked down and saw that it was restrained in a sling.  Also, he 
had a bit of a headache.  He swung his legs over and stood up, struggling 
for a moment to find his balance.  Washu noticed him rise from his resting 
place.  “You sure you’re okay to be walking around?” she asked.  “You 
were banged up pretty bad.”
	“I feel okay, I guess,” responded Masato.  “It just feels like there’s 
a bunch of knives sticking in my arm.”
	“I’m not surprised,” said Washu.  “Your collar bone is broken, and 
your shoulder was dislocated.  You’ll have to keep that arm immobilized 
for a few weeks.”
	“Oh, no!” Masato suddenly shouted.  “Ryoko!  Where is she?”
	Washu pointed to a table behind him.  Ryoko lay there, motionless 
and badly bruised.  Masato rushed over to look at her more closely.  “Oh, 
Christ,” he said sullenly.  “How is she?”
	“To be honest, she’s in really bad shape,” Washu said with a sigh.  
“But she’s a tough one.  I think she’ll be okay in time.”
	“I should have helped her,” Masato said, bringing his hand to his 
head.  “I should have been there.  I should have done more.”
	“You couldn’t have done more,” Washu almost yelled.  “If you had 
tried, you probably would be dead right now.  You did all you could.”
	Masato dejectedly turned his eyes to the floor.  “I guess you’re 
right,” he said at length.  “But what happened, anyway?”
	“Tenchi saved Ryoko at the last minute,” Washu explained.  
“Sliced Cage to pieces with his sword.”
	“How is everyone else?” Masato asked.
	“Kiyone has a broken nose, not much else,” Washu said.  “She left 
here a few hours ago.  Ayeka is resting in her room.”
	“So, it looks like everyone is going to be okay,” Masato said to no 
one in particular.  “I should get out of your way, then.  I’ll go lie down on 
the couch, or something.”
	“You sure you’re well enough to be walking around?” Washu 
asked again, cautiously.
	“I’ll be fine,” Masato assured her with a smile.  “Thanks for all 
your help.”  Masato noiselessly glided out of the laboratory.
	Unfortunately, Masato’s plan to lie down on the couch was foiled, 
for Mihoshi and Kiyone already occupied it.  Kiyone had a large ice pack 
pressed to the front of her face.  “Are you sure you don’t want anything?” 
Mihoshi asked her.
	“No,” she replied, her voice sounding tired and nasal, “I’ll be 
okay.”
	“Oh, good!” Mihoshi said.  “I’ll just go and watch some TV, then.”
	Mihoshi got up and almost skipped over to the TV and turned it on, 
a bit too loud.  Masato sidled over and sat down next to Kiyone on the 
couch.  “Hey, partner,” he said jauntily, “how you feeling?”
	“Like I just got whacked in the face with something really heavy,” 
she said humorlessly, not even bothering to open her eyes.
	“Yeah, well, I’ve been meaning to lose a few pounds,” Masato said 
with a chuckle.  Despite her headache, Kiyone chuckled as well.  “I talked 
with Washu,” Masato went on.  “I guess everyone’s going to be fine.”
	“Try telling that to my nose,” Kiyone mumbled as she shifted the 
ice pack a little.  She then cracked an eyelid open and glanced down at 
Masato’s sling.  “You don’t look too good, either.”
	“Nah, I got off easy,” said Masato, smiling.  “I’m just glad you’re 
okay.”
	“I will be once my nose stops pulsing,” Kiyone said.
	“There’s someone else I need to check on,” Masato said as he rose 
to leave.  “Take it easy for a while.”  Kiyone did not respond, but only 
leaned her head farther back on the couch.
	On his way upstairs, Masato passed Tenchi, who had just left 
Ayeka’s room.  “How is she?” Masato asked.
	“She’s awake now, but she’s still very weak,” said Tenchi.  
“Sasami’s with her now.”
	“Good,” said Masato, nodding his head in approval.  “Washu told 
me what happened.  Thanks for coming through like that.”
	“Well, I did what I had to do,” Tenchi said, looking down at the 
floor.
	“I just don’t think I could have forgiven myself if I had let anything 
happen to Ryoko, or anybody for that matter.  I know it wasn’t my fight, 
but still...”
	“Don’t worry about it, Masato,” Tenchi said, placing a hand on his 
uninjured shoulder.  “Everything worked out.  It’s over.”
	Masato again nodded.  “I need to see her,” he said, turning away 
and heading for Ayeka’s room.
	Masato quietly poked his head through the door.  Ayeka was 
covered in her bedroll, no movement evident except for the gentle rise and 
fall of her breaths.  Sasami knelt beside her, gently wiping her forehead 
with a damp washcloth.  Upon seeing Masato enter, she jumped to her 
feet.  “Oh, Masato!  Are you okay?” she asked concernedly.
	“Yeah, I’m okay,” he assured her.  “Is Ayeka still awake?”
	“Yeah,” Sasami confirmed.  “She says she can’t sleep.”
	Masato knelt down beside Ayeka and gently brushed his hand 
through her hair.  “Hi, Ayeka,” he said softly.
	Ayeka turned her tired eyes towards him.  The corners of her 
mouth turned up in a smile.  “It’s good to see you, Masato,” she said, 
fatigue evident in her voice.  “Are you hurt?”
	“A little,” he said.  “It could have been worse.”  He reached down 
and gently clutched her hand.  They smiled at each other for several 
moments.  “Sasami, would you mind giving us a few minutes?” Masato 
asked suddenly.
	“Uh, sure,” she said, noiselessly plodding out of the room and 
gently closing the door.
	Masato turned his gaze back to Ayeka.  “You really should try and 
get some sleep,” he said.
	“I just can’t stop thinking about what happened,” Ayeka replied.
	“Neither can I,” Masato said.  “You saved my life.”
	“It’s nothing you haven’t already done for me,” Ayeka said with a 
slight smile.  “I’m just glad I was able to return the favor at last.  Since 
you’ve been here, you’ve been like my guardian angel.”
	“Well, I certainly feel like an angel,” said Masato, leaning a little 
closer.  “Every day I get to spend with you is like a day in heaven.”  Ayeka 
blushed at Masato’s heartfelt words.  “You know, you should really try 
and get some sleep,” he repeated.
	“I don’t know if I can,” said Ayeka.
	Masato thought for a moment.  “I think I have just the thing,” he 
said, and suddenly rose to his feet.  He quietly glided out of the room, and 
returned in a few moments with a book in his hand.  He knelt once again 
beside Ayeka.  “When I was a kid,” Masato began, “and I had trouble 
sleeping, my mother would read me poetry until I fell asleep.”
	Masato opened the volume at random, and began to quietly read 
the poems aloud.  In the middle of the seventh poem, Masato heard Ayeka 
begin to snore softly.  He closed the book and watched as Ayeka 
slumbered.  He felt sorry that he was largely responsible for her present 
state, but he was also incredibly moved that Ayeka would all but sacrifice 
herself for him.  A feeling of peace and satisfaction overtook him.
	Masato was not quite ready to leave Ayeka’s side just yet.  He 
leaned his head back against the wall and closed his eyes.  Perhaps it was 
fatigue, or the shot to the head he received, or the relief in knowing that 
everyone was safe, that caused him to quickly and easily fall into a deep 
sleep.  Sasami, curious as to why Masato had not yet emerged, peeked into 
the room.  Seeing the pair asleep and at peace, she once again shut the 
door and left them to their dreams.

Chapter 8:  Diary of a Madman

	A smile crept across Washu’s face as she stood alongside the small 
transport vessel.  This had surely been the one that had brought Cage to 
Earth.  It had alighted not far from the house, surprisingly.  Surely there 
would be some record therein of the bioelectronic implants he had been 
fitted with.  She wasn’t able to get an up-close look at them, but even from 
a distance they looked impressive.  And the fact that Cage had nearly 
beaten Ryoko to death was evidence of their immense power.  To find the 
technical specifications of them would surely be a fantastic find.
	She began a thorough search upon entering the vessel.  She looked 
underneath the chairs and the console, and rummaged around through the 
compartments, but could find nothing.  She repeated the process and still 
did not find anything.  She was about to give up when she noticed a small 
box shoved into the corner.  She opened it carefully, and began to pick 
through the items therein.  There were a few items of clothing, and a 
photograph of a baby being held by a young couple.  Were these the 
parents that Cage had been talking about?  Before she could puzzle on the 
matter further, Washu noticed the notebook on the bottom.  Jackpot.
	Upon leafing through the book, however, she found that it was not 
a technical journal but of a more personal nature.  Apparently, it had been 
written by Cage himself.  She went back to the beginning and began to 
read each entry carefully.  By the time she finished reading all the entries, 
which all spanned several years, she was overcome with amazement.  It 
was evident that Cage was clearly deranged, and his overpowering insanity 
was the motivation for his actions.  However, she could not help but feel a 
little sorry for the man.  With the journal under her arm she made her way 
back to the house.
	It was several more days before Ryoko recovered.  Before she 
could leave the lab, probably to seek out Tenchi, Washu presented her 
with the journal.  “I think you might want to read this,” was all she said.
	Ryoko reluctantly took the notebook and skimmed the first page 
halfheartedly.  However, with each entry she began to read more and more 
carefully.  Some she read twice, even three times.  It was a few hours 
before she finished.  She closed the notebook on her lap and stared 
vacantly at the wall.  “My God,” she said.

	Personal Log (first entry):  I might as well get used to these four 
walls; it looks like they’re all I’m going to be seeing for a while.  The 
doctors finally said that I was a lost cause, and decided to stick me in here 
for good.  Out of sight, out of mind, I guess.
	Before they sent me off to bask in the warm glow of my supposed 
dementia for all eternity, they gave me this notebook.  They said that it 
might help to pass the time if I wrote in it.  It sounds like it might be a 
pretty good idea, considering that I’ll certainly have a lot of free time.  I’ll 
also have a lot of time to think, which isn’t necessarily a good thing.  All I 
can ever think about is getting some kind of revenge on Ryoko.  I’m not 
sure how I can at this point; locked up in this room certainly restricts my 
freedom of movement.  Someday, I’ll figure something out.  It’s the only 
thing I can do.  All I can hear when I close my eyes are my parents crying 
out for help.  I couldn’t live with myself if I didn’t avenge them.  Even 
then, the only way I feel the voices could be silenced is with my own 
death.  Many times have I thought of taking my own life.  But then Ryoko 
would win once again.  That must not happen.
	So here I sit, locked in my little room, in a cage forged by thoughts 
of revenge.  I refuse to accept that this is the end.  Someday I shall break 
free of this cage and be alive once again.  I do not know who I have to sell 
my soul to in order to make my dreams come to fruition, but I hereby 
make an open offer.
	I can’t help but wonder sometimes how many more are like me.  
Surely Ryoko has taken a toll on many lives.  There must be more like me, 
others whose lives have been ruined, whose spirit has been hollowed out 
and replaced with desperation.  Even if I can never achieve my goal, I take 
a little comfort in knowing that, invariably, someone else will take up my 
cause.  It helps get me through each day (if you could call them days, these 
florescent, sterile expanses of time that blend together without dusk or 
dawn).  However, I must not give up hope on myself.  I must remain ever 
confident that someday Ryoko shall know who I am.

	Masato strolled along the path under the warm afternoon sun, 
feeling as much like his old self as his injured arm would allow.  At least it 
didn’t ache so much anymore.  He shivered slightly as he reached the 
mouth of the cave, recalling what had been there to greet him the last time 
he had ventured inside.  The darkness that normally projected outward 
from within was softened by the dim glow of a lantern.  Masato stepped 
inside.
	“I was kind of hoping I wouldn’t find you here,” Masato said to 
Ryoko, who sat silently on a rock.  “I hope you’re not upset again.”
	“Not really,” Ryoko responded sullenly.  “Just thinking, is all.”
	“About what?” Masato queried.
	Ryoko glanced down and saw, balanced between the fingers of 
Masato’s unbound hand, a bottle of sake and two cups.  “I thought you 
said you couldn’t take that stuff anymore,” she said with a smile.
	Masato placed the bottle between them and handed her a cup.  
“Today is special,” he said.  “A celebration of your recovery.”  He 
uncapped the bottle and filled both glasses.
	Before the pair drank Ryoko said, “I read through Cage’s diary.  I 
can’t believe that anyone could be like that.”
	“I think Cage was definitely an oddity,” Masato said.  “I wouldn’t 
worry about it.”
	Despite Masato’s advice, Ryoko hung her head.  “He called me a 
monster,” she said.
	“Don’t believe that for a second,” Masato said quickly.  “You’re 
certainly not the monster that he was.”
	“Maybe I have hurt too many people,” Ryoko went on.  “Maybe 
Cage is at least a little right.”
	Masato shook his head.  “Ryoko, we’ve all done things that 
weren’t right,” he said.  “We’ve all done things we wish we hadn’t.  To 
your credit, you’ve left that all behind and moved on.  But in our lives 
we’re all going to have regrets.  That’s what makes us human.  Cage was a 
part of your past, just a shadow.  All you need to know is that here and 
now there’s a guy who cares about you very much.”
	Ryoko smiled.  Tenchi certainly had brought out the best in her.  
How could anyone who could have such feelings be a monster?
	“Oh, and I almost forgot,” Masato added, “Tenchi cares about you, 
too.”
	Before Ryoko could respond, Masato raised his glass and clinked it 
to hers.  “A toast,” he said, “to you, Ryoko.  A fantastic human being.”
	Ryoko could only smile at Masato as she raised her glass in 
response.  She put the glass to her lips and emptied it with one swallow.  
Masato did the same.  He knew he would regret it later, but waking up 
with a headache was a small price to pay for sharing a drink with a good 
friend.
