Disclaimer:  As much as I would love to take credit for the characters in 
this story, I cannot.  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  “If We Must Die” by Claude McKay reprinted from the 
Norton Anthology of American Literature, Fifth Edition, Volume 2, 
copyright 1998 by W. W. Norton & Company, Inc.  “Broken Mirror,” 
though based on pre-existing characters, is the property of the author and 
may not be reprinted without permission.  Ditto for all original characters 
found therein.  Now that that’s out of the way, enjoy the story!

Note to reader:  As always, I have omitted a few minor characters for 
simplicity’s sake, because their appearances would not have contributed 
further to content.

Broken Mirror

Chapter 1:  Two of a Kind

	The boredom was really getting to Sasami.  As well, Ryo-ohki was 
looking a little listless.  All afternoon they had been struggling to find 
something to do, but no activities presented themselves.  In a final move of 
desperation to keep herself entertained, Sasami stepped into Washu’s lab, 
Ryo-ohki assuming her familiar perch on her head.
	Upon entering, Sasami beheld the scene she had expected.  Washu 
busily tinkered with some gadget or another, and Masato was engaged in 
combat with the holographic training program.  Sasami and Ryo-ohki 
feared that, once again, there was nothing for them to do.
	Noticing the two enter, Washu brought her eyes up from her work.  
“Hey, you two,” she said with a smile.  “What’s up?”
	“We’re bored,” Sasami said unceremoniously.  Ryo-ohki meowed 
in agreement.  “Ayeka’s busy with laundry, Kiyone and Mihoshi are out on 
patrol, Tenchi’s training with Yosho, and Ryoko’s hogging the TV.”
	“Well, I’d like to help you out, kiddo,” said Washu apologetically, 
“but I’m busy right now.”  She turned her eyes back to her project.
	“Okay,” Sasami said dejectedly.  “Masato, what about you?”
	“I’ve really got my hands full right now,” he said as he blocked a 
kick delivered by the hologram.  “Maybe later, Sasami.”
	Sasami was completely disappointed.  It seemed like this particular 
afternoon she was destined to be bored.  She thought, however, that at 
least there might be something interesting to see in the lab.  “Do you mind 
if I walk around here a little?” she asked Washu.
	“I suppose,” Washu replied, not taking her eyes off her work.  “Just 
don’t touch anything, okay?”
	“Okay,” returned Sasami as she skipped off in a random direction.
	Sasami and Ryo-ohki stared wide-eyed at the machinery around 
them.  They couldn’t begin to guess what these devices were capable of, 
but the complexity that was apparent in their design was utterly 
enthralling.  Around each corner was a new sight to see.  Sasami was 
amazed that these machines could be enjoyed on a purely aesthetic level.  
The complex beauty was what she thought the end result of a cross 
between a tropical rain forest and an erector set would look like.  So 
absorbed in these sights was she that she neglected a tangle of cords on the 
floor.
	Sasami’s foot became tangled in these cords and, as she attempted 
to bring the foot forward to take a step, she was thrown off balance and 
fell to the floor.  Ryo-ohki was catapulted from her head and alighted 
some distance away, landing heavily on a console.  Apparently, the 
console did not approve, as a loud alarm sounded and red lights began 
flashing about it.
	Disturbed and concerned at the sound, Washu put down her project 
and rushed to the source of the disturbance.  When she came across 
Sasami and Ryo-ohki standing next to the offending appliance, she 
guessed what had happened.  “I thought I told you two not to touch 
anything!” she scolded.
	“It wasn’t our fault!” Sasami said.  “I tripped and Ryo-ohki fell and 
it was an accident and I’m sorry!”
	Washu became more worried because she realized that the machine 
that had been tampered with was the dimensional tuner, the device which 
was primarily responsible for allowing access to the laboratory.  She 
hurriedly attempted to correct whatever damage had been done.  Although 
it appeared that no dire consequences of the accident were evident, Washu 
was concerned about a power surge that had developed, and seemed to be 
traveling all around the laboratory systems that shared the tuner’s power 
source.  Luckily, none of those systems were presently active.  Except for 
Masato’s training program.
	Before Washu could ruminate on whether or not that would be a 
tremendous problem, a bolt of energy shot from the light field generators 
of the arena, and struck Masato, causing him to seemingly magically lift 
off the ground and be tossed from the ring, as if yanked by some invisible 
rope.  He grunted as he landed heavily on his back.  Washu, Sasami, and 
Ryo-ohki all rushed to see if he had been hurt.
	“Are you okay?” asked Washu, as Masato sat up and rubbed his 
head.
	“What the heck was that?” Masato asked.  “I think you might want 
to delete that attack from the hologram’s software, Washu, because no one 
can defend against it.”
	“Are you hurt?” Washu asked.
	“I feel a bit crispy,” Masato said, “but I think I’m okay.  What was 
that all about?”
	“It was an accident,” Sasami said.  “I’m really sorry.”
	“It was some kind of power surge,” Washu explained.  “I’m not 
quite sure what kind of damage it caused, though.”
	“Well, it scared the hell out of me!” Masato replied.
	Before anyone could comment further, a blinding light began to 
emanate from the arena.  Everyone shielded their eyes from the intense 
light, figuring that it must be another anomaly caused by the power surge.  
The light pulsed and grew in intensity second by second.  Then, just as 
quickly, it vanished.  Everyone removed their hands from over their eyes 
and tried to assess how much damage had been done.
	Luckily, it seemed as though nothing had been damaged at all, and 
everything seemed back to normal.  However, that feeling was replaced 
with one of alarm as the group noticed that the figure standing in the arena 
was not the holographic training partner, but a completely different 
individual.
	“How the heck did I get back here?” asked the mysterious 
individual in a very familiar voice.  Upon closer inspection, the group 
noticed that his voice wasn’t all that was familiar; his face was very much 
like Masato’s.  In fact, it was a perfect match, except for a deep scar that 
ran down one side of his face.
	“Who are you?” asked Sasami.
	The man stepped down from the arena and approached the group, 
his eyes roving from face to face carefully.  When he came to Masato’s 
face, he leaned closer, seeming to inspect every feature.  “What’s going on 
here?” the man asked.  “What’s your name?”
	Masato swallowed hard.  “My name is Masato,” he said hesitantly.
	The man raised an eyebrow.  “Really?” he asked in a surprised 
tone.  “Well, that makes two of us.”
	“Wait a minute,” Sasami said, looking confusedly at the 
newcomer, “You two look exactly the same, and your name is Masato, 
too?  That’s so weird.”
	“I agree,” Masato said tightly, never taking his eyes off the man 
who was still inspecting his face.
	“I think this accident caused more damage than I thought,” Washu 
said as her computer console materialized before her.  “I’ll have to run a 
diagnostic and find out exactly what happened.”
	“Yeah, I’d really like to know what’s going on,” the newcomer 
said.  “I haven’t been here in your lab for months, Washu.  What am I 
doing back here all of a sudden?”
	Washu whipped her eyes up and looked quizzically at the 
newcomer.  “How did you know my name?” she asked.
	“Quit kidding around, Washu,” the newcomer said.  “I’m freaked 
out enough as it is.”
	“I’m not kidding around,” she said.  “I’ve never seen you before in 
my life.  Well, I mean I have, but not you specifically.”
	“Could you run that by me again?” Masato asked, wrinkling his 
brow in confusion.
	Washu deliberated as to how to state her hypothesis in clearly 
understandable terms.  “I think what happened,” she began slowly, “is that 
the dimensional tuner locked on to Masato’s biological signature when 
that bolt hit him.  When that happened, the tuner matched the signature 
with the one in the destination dimension that was entered into the console 
when Ryo-ohki fell on it.  As a result, the Masato from that dimension was 
transported here.”
	“So you’re saying that he’s me?” Masato asked, pointing to the 
newcomer.
	“For all intents and purposes, yes,” Washu confirmed.  “You two 
are biologically identical in every way.”
	“So I’m in a completely different dimension?” the newcomer asked 
agitatedly.  “How the heck do I get back?”
	“That’s going to be tricky,” Washu said as she continued to type 
something in to her console.  “I’m going to have to manually inspect each 
dimension and see which one’s have recently experienced an anomaly that 
corresponds to the dimensional tear we experienced.  It’s going to take a 
while.”
	“How long?” the newcomer asked.
	“A few hours, a few days, I don’t really know,” Washu said.  “If I 
were you, I’d get comfortable.”
	The newcomer sighed heavily and sat on a nearby stool, hanging 
his head in between his knees.  “I have to get back soon,” he said.
	Masato cut in.  “So your name is really Masato, huh?” he asked.
	“Yes,” the newcomer said.
	“That might be confusing,” Masato said, “having two guys with the 
same name and the same face in the same house.  Anything we could call 
you to avoid confusion?”
	“How about Masato Junior?” Sasami asked.
	“That really doesn’t make much sense,” Masato said.
	“Masato Prime sounds much better,” Washu interjected.
	“You’re right,” Masato agreed.  “Do you have a problem with 
being called Prime?”
	“I guess not,” the newcomer said.  “Hopefully it won’t be for that 
long.”
	“Alright then, Prime,” Masato said, taking a seat next to him.  “I 
have to ask you something.  If we’re identical in every way, how did you 
get that scar on your face?”
	“I got it in the war,” Prime said.
	“What war?” Masato asked.
	“What do you mean, ‘what war?’” Prime asked impatiently.  “The 
Jurai War, of course.”
	“Jurai War?” Sasami asked, shocked.  “There’s no war on Jurai.”
	“There is where I come from,” Prime said.
	“Maybe we’d better spend some time comparing notes,” Masato 
suggested.

Chapter 2:  Fork in the Road

	For the better part of an hour, Masato explained in brief his entire 
life up to that point.  He told Prime about growing up in the country, and 
about how he lost his brother.  He talked about the Galaxy Police 
academy, and the accident that caused him to flee and wander about for 
two years.  Finally, he explained about how he crashed to Earth, and about 
Kazuhiro and Specter and Cage and all the other noteworthy events that 
had taken place.
	Prime nodded frequently, right up until Masato told what had 
happened to Kazuhiro.  After that, he had seemed lost.  When Masato was 
finished talking, Prime sat in thought for a while.  Looking at the two 
sitting side-by-side, Sasami realized that the two did not look exactly the 
same, even discounting the scar.  Prime’s eyes looked different, almost 
shallow, and his face seemed worn and sad, like it had been shattered and 
not put back together properly.
	“Well, I’m glad one of us is happy,” Prime said, suddenly breaking 
the silence.  “My life hasn’t gone quite as well, I’m afraid.”
	“Tell us about it,” Sasami requested excitedly.
	“My life was going pretty much the same as yours, Masato,” Prime 
said, “up until Kazuhiro showed up.  From what you told me, the stab 
wound he gave you wasn’t all that serious.  The one he gave me was much 
worse.  I almost bled to death, in fact.  I couldn’t go into space and fight 
alongside Kiyone and Mihoshi, so they went alone to try and get Ayeka 
back.  But Kazuhiro’s ship was too powerful, and they lost the fight.  They 
were killed.”
	Sasami gasped.  Washu, a shocked expression on her face, stopped 
work and stared at Prime, as Masato was continuing to do.  Prime went on.  
“After that, Kazuhiro took Ayeka back to Jurai where Hotaro held her for 
ransom.  The Emperor refused to negotiate for her release, and sent a 
battalion of soldiers to rescue her.  Unfortunately, before the soldiers could 
penetrate Hotaro’s stronghold, he escaped and Ayeka was... was also 
killed.”
	“Ayeka’s dead?” Sasami asked distressed.
	“In my world, yes,” Prime said gravely.  “After her death, the Jurai 
royal family became divided, and loyalties shifted.  Apparently, some 
members of the family questioned the Emperor’s judgment in handling the 
situation, and numerous members turned against him.  Amidst the power 
struggle, Hotaro was able to usurp control of the planet.  Now the separate 
family factions fight amongst themselves, leaving Hotaro as the ruler of 
Jurai.”
	“That’s horrible,” Masato said.  “Hotaro has to be stopped.”
	“It gets worse,” Prime said seriously.  “After Ayeka died, Tenchi, 
Yosho, and I vowed to fight against the Jurai Liberation Army.  During a 
battle, Tenchi was killed.”
	“Oh, my God!” Sasami gasped as she covered her face with her 
hands.
	“After that, Ryoko blamed Tenchi’s death on me,” Prime said.  
“She didn’t want to get involved in a political war to begin with, but she 
was so devoted to Tenchi that she was one of our greatest allies.  Without 
Tenchi, her loyalty dissolved, and she went off on her own somewhere.  
Washu, as well, gave up the fight after losing Tenchi.  I haven’t heard 
from them in a long time.”
	“What about me?” Sasami asked.  “What happens to me?”
	“That’s kind of a sore point, too,” Prime said.  “Because Kazuhiro 
was so strongly connected to my past, the Sasami of my world felt that I 
was somehow responsible for bringing him here to take Ayeka.  When 
Ayeka died, she was so distraught that she fled back to Jurai and joined 
with a family faction that opposes the efforts of the faction that Yosho and 
I have allied ourselves with.  Ours is the only faction that even attempts to 
fight Hotaro anymore.  If we could all just join together, we could beat 
him.  But the lines have been drawn, and it looks like everything is 
hopeless.”
	Prime’s audience sat silent for some time.  It was hard for them to 
believe that just that one little change in the course of events of their lives 
could have had such radical consequences.  Masato clenched his fist.  
“You can’t give up,” he said, staring intensely at Prime.  “There’s too 
much at stake.  You have to keep going.  No matter what the cost.”
	Prime cracked a small smile.  “You really are me,” he said.
	“I wish I had known,” Masato said.  “I could have done 
something.”
	“You already have done something,” Prime said.  “You prevented 
the same thing from happening on this world.  You stopped a war.  The 
way I see it, you did a much better job than I did.”
	“But the fight’s not over, is it?” Masato asked.  “For either of us.”
	“Not for me, no,” Prime said, looking down at the floor.  “And if 
the Hotaro of this world is anything like the one in mine, you’re probably 
right.  But I wouldn’t think about that right now.”
	Sasami suddenly snapped to attention as if she were waking from a 
dream.  “What time is it?” she asked suddenly.  She glanced around her 
but found no timepiece.  Amazing how, with all the machines in Washu’s 
lab, not one of them told the time of day.
	Masato glanced at his watch.  “It’s a quarter to six,” he said.
	Sasami leapt up from her seat.  “I need to start on dinner!” she said.  
Not quite forgetting her manners before she rocketed out the door, she 
turned to Prime and said, “You’re welcome to have dinner with us if you 
want.”
	Prime glanced over at Washu, who was still working on isolating 
Prime’s dimension.  “Go on ahead,” she said.  “It’ll be a while yet.”
	Prime turned back to Sasami.  “It’s been a long time since I’ve had 
one of your home cooked meals, Sasami,” he said with a smile.  “I’d be 
delighted to.”
	“Great!” Sasami chirped as she made her way out the door, Ryo-
ohki following close behind.
	Prime turned to Masato.  “If it’s not too much trouble,” he began, 
“I’d... I’d really like to see everybody.”
	Masato nodded.  “Okay,” he said, motioning for him to follow as 
he walked to the door, “come on, then.”

	Kiyone and Mihoshi busted noisily through the door, finally back 
from patrol.  Kiyone was not in high spirits.  “Didn’t I tell you to run a 
maintenance check before we left?” she asked hotly, renewing the 
argument that had been occurring all during the journey back.  “Thanks to 
you, we had to pay that mechanic an arm and a leg just to get back here!  
We don’t even have enough left over to pay this week’s living expenses!”
	“I just forgot, Kiyone,” Mihoshi said, trying desperately to assuage 
her partner’s anger.  “I’m really sorry!”
	Kiyone clenched her teeth and growled.  “What am I going to do 
with you?” she asked.  “Every time I ask you to do something, it doesn’t 
get done unless I stand over you all day!  You have to be more responsible, 
Mihoshi!”
	“I’m so sorry, Kiyone!” Mihoshi shouted as she dropped to her 
knees and wrapped her arms around Kiyone’s legs.  “I’ll do better next 
time, I promise!  Please don’t be mad!”
	Kiyone sighed deeply.  This was getting nowhere.  How many 
times had they had this argument?  “You know what,” she said, the anger 
replaced with exasperation, “just forget it, okay?”
	Just then Tenchi walked in.  Just by looking at the scene before 
him, he could tell that something had gone wrong again.  “What happened 
this time?” he asked, his tone very much like Kiyone’s.
	“We broke down again,” Kiyone said, as if it happened everyday, 
which it very nearly did.  “We had to use our rent money to pay the repair 
guy.  I’m afraid we can’t pay you this week.”
	Tenchi sighed and rubbed the back of his neck.  “Don’t worry 
about it,” he said.  “We’ll get by alright.”
	Mihoshi stood up.  “I’m glad you’re both not mad,” she said, 
grinning wide.
	“I really can’t get mad, anymore,” Kiyone said, sighing to the floor.  
“It just doesn’t do any good.”
	The door to the laboratory swung open, and Prime stepped outside.  
The scene that greeted him nearly made his head spin.  Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
and Tenchi all stood together near the door.  How long had it been since he 
had seen any of them in the flesh?  And yet, here they were, all standing in 
the same room.  He was at a complete loss for words.
	Tenchi glanced over and saw Prime, who he understandably 
mistook for Masato.  “Hi, Masato,” he called to him.
	Prime took a few cautious steps closer.  “Tenchi?” he queried.  
“Kiyone?  Mihoshi?  Is it really you?”
	Kiyone looked puzzled.  “Of course it is,” she said slowly.  “Who 
else would it be?”
	Before anyone could comment on Masato’s strange behavior, 
Prime rushed forward and encompassed all three of them in a bear hug.  “I 
can’t believe it!” he nearly yelled.  “It’s really you!  God, I’ve never been 
gladder to see you all!”
	“Masato, you’re crushing me,” Mihoshi struggled to say.
	“Masato, what’s gotten into you?” Tenchi asked.  “And what 
happened to your face?” he added, noticing the scar.  The three looked past 
Prime and saw, standing a few paces behind him, Masato, who stood 
calmly.
	“Hey, Prime,” he asked, “would you mind?”
	Prime released the three from his grip.  “I’m sorry,” he said, a 
broad smile on his face.  “I just... I’m so glad to see you all!”
	Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tenchi were all very confused at this point.  
“What’s going on here?” Tenchi asked anxiously.
	“First of all,” Masato began, “I’m the real Masato.  At least I’m the 
one who’s from this dimension.”
	“This... dimension?” Kiyone asked, totally lost.
	“There was an accident,” Masato explained.  “A Masato from a 
different dimension was brought here.  To avoid confusion, we’ve been 
calling him Prime.”
	Tenchi’s eyes were wide.  “You mean you’re both Masato?” he 
asked.
	“Yes,” Prime said.  “But like he said, call me Prime for now.”
	“What in the world?” a voice sounded behind the procession.  
Everyone turned and noticed the very confused face of Ayeka staring at the 
two Masatos.  “What’s going on, here?”
	Masato sighed, knowing that he would have to once again attempt 
to explain what was going on.  “Let’s just say that there was an accident in 
Washu’s lab, and that now there’s two of me,” he said.
	“Two of you?” Ayeka asked.  “You mean he’s a clone?”
	“Not exactly,” Masato said.  “He’s from a different dimension.  
Ayeka, I’d like to introduce you to Masato Prime.”
	Ayeka turned to face Prime and flashed him a smile.  “Nice to meet 
you,” she said.
	Prime did not seem to even acknowledge Ayeka’s greeting.  He 
merely continued to stare at her blankly.  Ayeka began to feel a little 
uncomfortable.  She cleared her throat softly to elicit some sort of 
response, but none came.  Finally, Prime stepped forward, never taking his 
eyes from Ayeka’s face.  His own face had adopted a look of shock.
	Ayeka was not the only one unnerved by Prime’s behavior.  
Masato wondered why Prime was not speaking.  He thought for sure he 
would be overjoyed to see Ayeka, and would greet her with a hug similar 
to the one he had given Tenchi, Kiyone, and Mihoshi.  Instead, he looked 
like he had just seen a ghost.  Then again, for all intents and purposes, he 
had.  Prime continued to stare.  Slowly, a smile crept across his face.  
“Your eyes are just as beautiful as I remember,” he said at length.
	Then the truth suddenly hit Masato.  Prime was just like him in 
every way.  So that would mean...
	Ayeka was unsure as to how to respond to Prime’s remark.  Masato 
noticed her puzzled look and decided to offer an explanation.  “Prime is 
exactly like me, Ayeka,” he began.  “We have the same biological 
makeup, the same personality... and the same emotions as well.”
	“Oh,” Ayeka said, “I see.  So Prime is also...”
	“Yes,” Masato confirmed.  “Just like I am.”
	Ayeka at last understood; Prime was as in love with her as Masato 
was.  However, she was still puzzled as to Prime’s behavior.  He still 
looked like he was looking at a ghost.  “Prime, are you alright?” she asked.
	“I don’t know,” responded Prime.  “I never dreamed that I’d ever 
see your face again.”
	“What do you mean?” queried Ayeka.  “If there are two Masatos, 
then isn’t there another Ayeka in your dimension?”
	Prime’s smile vanished and his eyes turned to the floor.  “There 
used to be,” he said somberly.
	“Used to be?” Ayeka asked, afraid to imagine what it might mean.
	“Sasami should have dinner ready soon,” Masato cut in.  “Maybe 
we should all discuss it then.”

Chapter 3:  Tension

	After dinner was served, and Ryoko and Yosho were introduced to 
him, Prime recounted his story of how his own life had progressed.  After 
explaining about the deaths of Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ayeka, and Tenchi in his 
own dimension, the group at last understood why he reacted the way he 
did earlier.  Possibly the most amazed of the group was Ayeka.
	“A war on Jurai?” she asked.  “I can’t believe it.”
	“Neither can I,” Tenchi echoed.
	“So, in your world, I’m dead?” Mihoshi asked.  “That can’t be 
right.  I feel fine.”
	Prime chuckled lightly.  Mihoshi was an airhead here, too.  
Everything was the same, in fact.  All that had been stripped from him had 
suddenly been returned as if nothing had ever happened.  However, he 
couldn’t get too happy because he knew that this world did not belong to 
him, and that once Washu figured out how to send him back he would 
have to face his own cold reality.  “My world has been turned upside-
down,” he said.  “Everything I ever cared about has been lost.  I’m stuck 
fighting a war that, for the time being, seems like a lost cause.”
	“But you’re not giving up, are you?” Yosho asked.
	“Never,” Prime responded.  “I owe it to those who can no longer 
fight, to all those who I have lost.  I vowed never to stop fighting until 
either me or Hotaro is dead.”
	“This is all so horrible,” Kiyone said, referring to Prime’s situation.  
“I just can’t believe that things could have turned out that way.  For any of 
us.”
	“Even I couldn’t have foreseen it,” Prime said.  “Believe me, had I 
known what would have happened, I wouldn’t have let that wound slow 
me down.  I would have fought until every drop of blood had been drained 
from my body.  But hindsight is 20/20, and there’s nothing I can do about 
that now.”
	Ryoko was staring blankly at the wall.  “I can’t believe that there’s 
a world with no Tenchi,” she said.  “I can’t bear to think about it.  Tenchi, 
I’m scared.  Hold me!”  She wrapped her arms tightly around him.
	“Get your talons off of him!” Ayeka shouted.
	“Ayeka, would you please cut her a little slack?” Masato asked 
firmly.  “I think that the prospect of losing Tenchi is upsetting to everyone, 
including myself.  And Ryoko, Tenchi is turning blue.”
	Ryoko looked and saw that Tenchi was indeed struggling to 
breathe.  Apparently, her embrace had been a little too enthusiastic.  She 
loosened her hold, and Tenchi gasped for air.  “Oops, sorry, Tenchi,” she 
said.
	Prime was taken aback.  Had Masato just stood up for Ryoko?  
Considering that Prime’s relationship with the Ryoko of his world was far 
from ideal, he could not understand how it could be any different here.  
Prime was deathly afraid to even glance in Ryoko’s general direction, and 
Masato just spoke right up and defended her.  Maybe he and Masato were 
different after all.
	“I’d be very upset, too,” Ayeka said matter-of-factly, “but I don’t 
see why she has to hang all over him.  It’s not dignified.”
	“You’re just jealous of the boundless love that Tenchi and I share,” 
returned Ryoko just as matter-of-factly.  “If you loved him just half as 
much as I do, maybe you’d understand.”
	“I most certainly am not jealous!” snapped Ayeka, her face 
beginning to turn red.  “And for your information, Tenchi and I were 
destined to be together, so there’s no way he could possibly love a low-
class hussy like you!”
	“Low-class hussy, huh?” Ryoko repeated.  “Well, at least I’m not a 
spoiled, snobbish little brat like you!”  Ryoko brought her fist down hard 
upon a plate, causing it to shatter.  Prime sat wide-eyed.  The spectacle 
was bringing back some vivid, rather unpleasant memories.
	“Damn it, will you both stop acting like such babies!” Masato 
suddenly shouted.  Everyone looked at him quizzically.  Often, Masato 
would assume the role of peacemaker between Ayeka and Ryoko, but he 
had never resulted to shouting like that.  Masato stood up and continued, 
shifting his eyes back and forth accusingly between the two women.  “I 
don’t know how many times I’ve had to watch you two go at it, but I’m 
getting really sick and tired of it.  I realize that you can’t be the best of 
friends, but is it too much to ask to respect each other, and not start a fight 
every five minutes?  Maybe you’ve forgotten, but you’re both guests in 
Tenchi’s house.  And every time you two fight, guess who picks up the tab 
for all the things you destroy?  Certainly not you two!  So if you two want 
to go fifteen rounds, then take it outside.  Otherwise, knock it the hell off!”  
Masato sat back down, beginning to breathe rather heavily.
	Everyone else at the table was absolutely speechless.  Instead of 
stopping the argument with his characteristic style of a clever verbal jab, 
he had seemed to have gone off the deep end.  Most shocked among the 
group was Prime, who knew that he himself would never do such a thing.
	Masato surveyed the faces that were all turned upon him, and 
realized that he must have made quite a spectacle of himself.  “I apologize 
for yelling,” he addressed everyone quietly.  “The events of the day have 
left me... shaken.  Excuse me, I need to go cool off.”  Masato rose from his 
seat and brisked out of the room.  The rest of the diners were left to stare 
after him in confusion.
	“Jeez, what’s eating him?” Ryoko asked.
	“I don’t know,” Kiyone said.  “He’s never acted like this before.”
	“Maybe someone should go and talk to him,” Sasami suggested.
	“Give him some time,” Yosho said.  “He seems pretty upset right 
now.”
	“I’ll talk to him after dinner,” Tenchi said.  “I’ll see if I can find 
out if anything’s wrong.”
	Dinner continued in silence.

	After the table was cleared Tenchi checked the balcony and found 
Masato staring off into the lake.  He quietly slid the door open and stepped 
out.  “Hey, Masato,” he called softly, “you okay?”
	“Yeah, I’m fine now,” Masato replied.
	Tenchi stepped beside him.  “If you don’t mind my asking,” he 
began, “what was that all about back there.”
	Masato sighed.  “Sorry about that,” he said.  “I guess I’m just a 
little upset.”
	“About what?” Tenchi asked.
	“About Prime,” said Masato.
	Tenchi was not expecting him to say that.  “Why would you be 
upset about Prime?” he asked.
	“Isn’t it obvious?” Masato returned.  “Prime is exactly like me.  
That means he loves Ayeka.  A lot.”
	“Well, what’s so bad about that?” Tenchi asked.
	“It’s bad enough that Ayeka has you,” Masato said.  “But how do 
you expect me to compete with myself?”
	“You’re afraid that Prime is going to carry Ayeka off into the 
sunset?  Is that it?” Tenchi asked.
	“More or less,” Masato responded solemnly.
	“I really don’t think you need to worry about that,” Tenchi assured 
him.  “After all, it won’t be long before Washu sends him back to his own 
dimension.”
	Masato paused.  “But what happens if... if Ayeka goes with him?” 
he speculated.
	“What?” Tenchi blurted.  “Why would she do that?”
	“Think about it a second,” Masato began.  “Ayeka is very patriotic.  
If she were to return with Prime, she would probably be able to restore 
balance to the Jurai royal family.  Then, the war would be over for sure.  
She would certainly be a huge trump card.”
	“That’s not going to happen,” Tenchi said definitively.  “There’s 
no way.  Even if she did, I doubt she’d stay very long.”
	“A lot can happen in a short time,” Masato said.  “It didn’t take me 
long to fall for Ayeka.  It may take even less time for Ayeka to fall for 
Prime.”
	“You talk as if it’s a foregone conclusion that Ayeka will wind up 
with Prime,” Tenchi said.  “Have you talked to Ayeka about this?  Have 
you talked to Prime?”
	“No,” was all Masato could say.
	“Well, maybe you should,” suggested Tenchi, “before you jump to 
any more conclusions.”
	Masato again sighed heavily.  “I guess I might be jumping the gun 
a little,” he agreed.  “After all, Ayeka would never leave you behind.  Still, 
I think I’d better talk to Prime about all this.”
	“I’ll go get him for you,” said Tenchi as he turned on his heels.
	“No, I’ll do it,” Masato said.  He breezed past Tenchi and swiftly 
walked into the house.
	Prime was sitting on the couch in the living room, Ryo-ohki dozing 
comfortably in his lap.  He was having a conversation with Sasami and 
Mihoshi, who sat across from him.  “I’m not sure what happened,” he was 
saying, “but by the time we arrived his ship was already destroyed.  
Apparently our first wave of attack was enough.”
	“Who was in the ship again?” asked Mihoshi, who seemed to be 
trying her best to follow the story but once again became irreparably lost.
	“One of Hotaro’s lieutenants,” explained Prime, “a man by the 
name of Gaijin.”
	“Didn’t you say there were two lieutenants, though?” Sasami 
asked.
	“Yeah,” Prime confirmed.  “The other one is named Shokai.  He 
showed up just about the same time we did.  Instead of fighting our 
superior numbers, he retreated.  That battle is one of the few victories I can 
recall.  It was a bright spot in what is otherwise a very bad situation.”
	Masato cleared his throat, and the three turned their eyes to meet 
him.  “I’m sorry to break up the conversation,” he said, “but I need to talk 
to you, Prime.  In private.”
	“Uh, sure,” Prime said.  He picked Ryo-ohki up off his lap and 
handed the drowsy cabbit to Sasami.  “Would you both excuse us a 
minute?”
	Sasami and Mihoshi exited and Masato sat across from Prime.  “I 
need to ask you something,” Masato said.  “What are your intentions with 
Ayeka?”
	Prime shook his head.  “To be honest, I’m not sure,” he confessed.  
“My mind’s still all in a jumble about seeing her at all.”
	“Were you intending to ask her to go back with you?” Masato 
asked bluntly.
	“You know,” Prime said, thinking for a moment, “I’d be lying if I 
said that the thought never crossed my mind.  I mean, to have her back 
again would just be so wonderful.”
	“I knew it,” Masato muttered.  “Prime, I know we’re alike, and we 
have the same feelings for Ayeka, but you have to understand that, well, 
for lack of better words, she doesn’t belong with you.”
	“You didn’t let me finish,” Prime said.  “Despite any machinations 
I might have about taking Ayeka back with me, I could never dream of 
going through with it.  You’re absolutely right; Ayeka belongs here with 
you.  And as much as it will hurt me to have to lose her again, I know that,  
when I leave, she’ll be in the best of hands with you.  And, apparently, 
it’s always been that way.”
	“Well, I’ve tried,” Masato responded.
	“After I’m gone, though,” Prime continued.  “I’m going to need 
you to do something.”
	“What’s that?” Masato asked, intrigued as to what kind of favor he 
could have been asking of him.
	“Tell Ayeka how you feel,” Prime requested.
	Masato leaned back in his seat.  “She knows how I feel,” he said.
	“No, I mean tell her how you really feel,” Prime said.
	Masato leaned forward.  “What are you talking about?” he queried.  
“I’ve been completely straight with her.”
	“Not completely,” Prime said.  “Remember that you’re talking to 
yourself, here.  I know things.  And for one thing, I know how you really 
feel about Ayeka.”
	“Really?” Masato asked.  “Well, then, how do I feel?”
	“You’ve told her that you’ll respect any decision she makes, 
right?” Prime asked.  “You’ve told her that, if she chooses Tenchi over 
you, you’ll be fine with that, right?”
	“Yes,” Masato confirmed.  “And that’s true.”
	“No, it isn’t,” Prime returned.  “The truth is, you’d be absolutely 
devastated if that’s what happened.  You can’t bear the thought of her 
winding up with someone, anyone, else.  And you’re afraid to tell her 
because you think it would push her farther away from you.  But let me tell 
you, if you don’t tell her how you really feel, you’ll regret it.  I promise.  I 
know.”
	Masato was absolutely speechless.  He was amazed that Prime had 
the audacity to make such wild assumptions about him.  He was even more 
amazed that Prime was absolutely right.  “How do you know how I feel?” 
he asked, almost indignantly.
	“Because I’m you!” Prime almost shouted.  “We’ve been over 
this.”
	Masato could only shake his head, a stupid grin on his face.  “I still 
can’t get over the fact that you could possibly know me inside and out.”  
Masato then attempted to see if he did.  “What’s my favorite color?” he 
asked.
	“Red,” returned Prime without hesitation.  He was right.
	“What’s the name of the girl I had a crush on in high school?” 
Masato asked.
	“Midori,” responded Prime easily.  Right again.  And Masato had 
never told a soul about it.
	“What was my final score on the range test at the police academy?” 
Masato quizzed.
	“Nine out of ten,” Prime replied.  “You would have gotten a 
perfect score if that guy at the bench next to you hadn’t sneezed when he 
did.”
	“Okay,” said Masato, reeling somewhat from the preciseness of 
Prime’s responses.  “What’s my favorite poem?”
	Prime chuckled and began his recitation.

	"If we must die, let it not be like hogs
	Hunted and penned in an inglorious spot,
	While round us bark the mad and hungry dogs,
	Making their mock at our accursed lot.
	If we must die, O let us nobly die,
	So that our precious blood may not be shed
	In vain; then, even the monsters we defy
	Shall be constrained to honor us though dead!
	O kinsmen!  We must meet the common foe!
	Though far outnumbered let us show us brave,
	And for their thousand blows deal one deathblow!
	What though before us lies the open grave?
	Like men we'll face the murderous, cowardly pack,
	Pressed to the wall, dying, but fighting back!"

	Masato threw his hands in the air and gave up.  “I guess you really 
are me,” was all he could say.
	“And that’s why you should be listening to what I have to say,” 
Prime said.  “Trust me; tell Ayeka how you feel, and don’t hold anything 
back.”
	Masato thought for a moment.  “Maybe I should,” he said at length.  
“I’ve been toying with the idea for a long time, anyway.  I just wish I knew 
what she’d say.  I’ve tried so hard to respect her own wishes.  I’m afraid 
that if I tell her how I really feel, she’ll think I’m being selfish.”
	“Maybe, maybe not,” Prime said.  “But if you go your whole life 
without saying something you’re going to lose her.  Maybe not to Tenchi, 
and definitely not to me, but she’s going to slip through your fingers.  And 
when that happens... well, you just pray that it doesn’t.  Better to take a 
chance now than spend the rest of your life second-guessing yourself.”
	“But I just don’t know...” Masato trailed off.
	“Now is no time to be a coward,” Prime said firmly.  “Tell her after 
I leave.  No excuses.”
	Masato’s heart sank into the pit of his stomach.  Prime was 
absolutely right.  He had to say something to Ayeka or risk losing her 
forever.  Just like Prime had.  And what’s worse, Prime didn’t even get a 
chance to tell her all this.  How could Masato expect to live with himself if 
he let that happen to himself?  “Okay, I’ll do it,” he said finally.  “I 
promise.”
	“You’ll thank me,” Prime responded.  “I know you can do this.”
	“I wish I did,” Masato said.
	“Speaking of going back,” Prime said, shifting the subject, “let’s 
go see if Washu’s made any progress with finding a way for me to get 
home.”
	“Good idea,” Masato said as the two got up and headed for the 
laboratory.  As the two walked, Masato bumped into Ayeka, who had 
suddenly turned a corner.
	“Oh, I’m terribly sorry,” Ayeka said apologetically.  “I guess I 
should watch where I’m going.”
	“That’s okay,” Masato said with a smile.  “You couldn’t have 
known we were coming.”
	Ayeka returned his smile and passed by the two as they continued 
towards the lab.  Ayeka turned and looked after them.  She had been 
standing around that corner for quite some time, unseen.  She had known 
they were coming.  She knew many other things, as well; she had heard the 
entire conversation.

Chapter 4:  Motivation

	“Any luck, Washu?” Prime asked as he and Masato entered the lab.
	Washu continued to busily type at her console.  “Not yet,” she said.  
“I’ve managed to eliminate a lot of options, but that’s the problem when 
dealing with alternate dimensions; there’s a lot of them.  The numbers I 
have to deal with are mind-boggling.”
	“So you’re not making any progress?” Masato asked.
	“On the contrary,” Washu said, “I’ve made incredible progress.  
Unfortunately, that’s not enough.  Like I said, there’s a lot of dimensions 
out there.  It would take a million lifetimes to check them all, even if you 
did live for twenty thousand years like me.”
	“So you’re just picking dimensions at random?” Prime asked, 
scratching his head.
	“Well, I did narrow it down considerably to begin with,” Washu 
assured him.  “I had the computer run an initial scan for dimensions that 
have recently experienced a tear.  Now I just have to look through all those 
to find which one matches Prime’s energy signature.”
	“But you haven’t found it yet, huh?” Prime asked dejectedly.
	Washu looked up from her work.  “Not yet,” she said.  “But I will 
find it.  I promise.”
	Prime managed a smile.  “I know you will,” he said.  “I have the 
utmost confidence in you, Washu.  You’re the most brilliant scientific 
mind in the entire universe.  In any dimension.”
	Washu flashed an appreciative smile at the compliment.  “I know 
that,” she responded.  “But I never get tired of hearing it!”
	Prime chuckled.  He had always known Washu to be the first one 
to sing her praise.  However, unlike most braggarts, she could back up 
everything she said.  Washu’s unearthly confidence was just one of the 
many aspects of his old life that he remembered with fondness, and was, to 
his delight, having the chance to experience again in this world.  He 
almost regretted the fact that he would have to return to his own 
dimension.  But in his mind he knew that it would be wrong to stay.  He 
hadn’t yet fulfilled his responsibilities in his own world.  Staying was not 
even an option; he had a few scores to settle back home.
	“I guess we should leave you to your work,” Masato said as he 
motioned for Prime to follow him out of the lab.
	“I’ll let you know as soon as I find your dimension, Prime,” Washu 
said as she resumed typing.  “Until then, just sit tight.”
	“Alright,” Prime said.  “Thanks for all your help, Washu.”
	“Anytime, sport,” she said.
	Prime closed the door behind him as the pair exited.  “I guess it’s 
getting kind of late,” Masato said.  “You can spend the night in my room.  
I’ll take the couch.”
	“No, I’ll take the couch,” Prime argued.  “I don’t want to be in the 
way.”
	“You won’t be in the way,” Masato assured him.  “Take my room.”
	“You know better than to argue with me,” Prime said.  “I’ll take 
the couch.  I insist.”
	Masato chuckled.  “I guess we both have this nasty habit of not 
taking ‘no’ for an answer,” he said.
	“I guess so,” Prime agreed.  “Man, I can’t believe that all this is 
happening.  Not only have I gotten to meet myself, but everyone I was so 
sure I’d never see again is right here.  This is all so amazing.”
	“Yeah, it has been an amazing day, hasn’t it?” Masato agreed.
	“I’ll certainly have a lot to tell Yosho when I get back,” Prime said.  
“He wouldn’t believe all this even if I told him.”
	“Really?”  Masato asked as he raised an eyebrow.  “Then maybe 
you ought to bring him some proof.”  He reached into a pocket on his shirt 
and pulled out a slip of paper.  He handed the paper to Prime.  “I kind of 
hate to part with this, but I think you might like to have it.”
	Prime took the paper and unfolded it.  The pencil markings were 
faded with age, but he could still tell what it was.  It was Masato’s sketch 
of Ayeka, the same one that he had placed next to his heart every day.
	Prime smiled and handed the paper back to Masato.  “Thanks,” 
Prime said, “but remember who you’re dealing with.”  He then reached 
into his own pocket, and held up a piece of paper for Masato to see.  It was 
the exact same sketch.
	Masato could only let out with a dry chuckle and shake his head.  
“So you got the eyes right, finally?” he asked.
	Prime returned his chuckle.  “Just that one time,” he said.  “This 
drawing has been with me every day since I made it.”
	“Me, too,” Masato said.  “But I guess we keep these for different 
reasons.”
	“Yeah,” Prime confirmed.  “It helps me remember her.”
	“But you don’t need it, do you?” Masato asked, already knowing 
the answer.  “You can still see her face all the time, everywhere you look.  
Every time you close your eyes, she’s there.”
	“Yeah,” Prime said quietly as he turned his head away.  Masato 
could see that his eyes were beginning to mist over.  “I’ll get Hotaro.  
Mark my words, he’ll pay for what he’s done to me.  To everybody.”
	“Maybe I shouldn’t have brought it up,” Masato said, recognizing 
that the topic might still be a little sensitive.
	“No, it’s alright,” Prime said, his light tears corrupting his voice.  
“It helps to talk about these things.”
	Masato put a hand on his shoulder.  “Maybe we ought to get some 
shuteye,” he suggested.  “It’s been a long day.  For both of us.”
	“You’re right,” Prime agreed.  “I must be exhausted.”  He turned 
on his heels and made his way to the couch.
	“Sleep well,” Masato called after him as he climbed the stairs to 
his own room.
	Prime shook his head and said, “I never do anymore.”

Chapter 5:  Talking To an Angel

	Prime glanced at the digital clock, its face glowing red in the 
darkened house.  The time was 3:17.  Despite the much more relaxing 
surroundings he found himself in, he still was unable to fall asleep.  Part of 
it was that he knew that he was in a place where he did not belong.  
Another reason was that he still reeled from seeing everyone he cared 
about alive and well.  But mostly because he knew that, with Washu 
working diligently even through the night to find him a way home, he 
would have to leave everyone behind again.  Though, he took a small bit 
of comfort in realizing that, this time, he would actually have an 
opportunity to say goodbye.
	A set of quiet footfalls coming down the stairs averted Prime’s 
attention.  He wondered who could be up and about at that hour.  His eyes 
long since adjusted to the darkness, he cautiously glanced over and saw a 
figure descend the staircase and make its way across the living room into 
the kitchen.  However, he still could not identify who it was.  However, 
when the figure turned on the kitchen light and the darkness was parted, he 
could see it was Ayeka.
	She silently opened a cupboard and withdrew a glass.  She filled 
the glass with water and drank deeply, all the while staring vacantly at the 
walls.  She sat down at the kitchen table and propped her head on her 
hands.  Prime was concerned; she seemed very distressed about 
something.  He arose from the couch and noiselessly approached the 
kitchen.  He leaned on the doorway.  “Having trouble sleeping?” he asked 
quietly.
	Ayeka snapped her head up and turned her eyes upon Prime.  She 
identified the scar on his face and knew him to be the visitor.  “You 
startled me, Prime,” she said.
	“Sorry,” Prime replied.  “I was just concerned, is all.  You seem 
upset.”
	“I guess I am, a little,” Ayeka said as Prime took a seat across from 
her.  “I just can’t help thinking about where you came from, about what 
has been happening.  I mean, it all just seems so unbelievable.”
	“Ayeka,” Prime began, “what has happened in my life is not your 
cross to bear.  You leave my world to me, and concentrate on living your 
life here.  That’s the best thing you can do.”
	“That’s not the only reason I can’t sleep,” Ayeka responded.  “I 
heard the conversation you had with Masato this evening.  Is it true?  Do 
you really feel that way?”
	Prime pursed his lips.  He didn’t want Ayeka to know his and 
Masato’s true feelings until after he left.  However, since the secret was 
out, he figured that he might as well own up to it.  “Yes, I do feel that 
way,” Prime confirmed.  “At least, I did about the Ayeka in my world.  
And Masato feels that way about you, I’m certain.  He just has trouble 
admitting it because he’s never been this close to anyone before.  And he’s 
afraid to tell you because he thinks it might lessen your opinion of him.  
He really wants to respect your wishes.”
	“But he knows that I was destined to be with Tenchi,” Ayeka said.  
“I know it must be hard, but he has to have accepted that by now.”
	“He’s tried,” Prime said.  “Believe me, he’s tried.  He just can’t do 
it.  It’s too much for him to bear that you might leave him behind 
someday.”
	“I would never leave Masato behind,” Ayeka assured him.  “Even 
though I can’t love him the way I love Tenchi, I still care about him.  And 
now, knowing how he feels about me, It hurts me to not be able to choose 
both of them.  Being with either one makes me so happy.  I couldn’t bear 
the thought of losing either one of them.”
	“Wait a minute,” Prime said.  “Did you say that you can’t love 
Masato the way you love Tenchi?”
	“Yes,” Ayeka confirmed.
	“Why do you say that?” Prime queried anxiously.
	“Because it was fate that brought me here to be with him,” Ayeka 
said, “and that means that we were destined to be together forever.”
	“Destiny, huh?” Prime asked.  “Can I make a suggestion?”
	“What?” Ayeka asked.
	Prime leaned forward in his chair.  “Leave destiny out of this,” he 
said seriously.
	“What do you mean?” Ayeka asked.
	“It was destiny that took my brother away from me,” Prime began.  
“It was destiny that caused the accident that sent me on the run for two 
years.  It’s because of destiny that I lost Kiyone, Mihoshi, Tenchi, and you.  
And it’s destiny that’s put me on the losing end of a war that has erupted 
on your home planet.  In fact, I think that the only good thing that destiny 
has done for me so far is to allow me to see all of you again.  I guess what 
I’m trying to say is that, in a decision like this, you have to follow your 
heart.  You can’t let destiny choose a path for you.  Because, sometimes, 
destiny can be very unfair.”
	Ayeka sighed deeply.  “I’d like to follow my heart,” Ayeka said.  “I 
really wish I could.  But when I try to do that, my heart leads me to both of 
them.  I love them both, and I can’t choose one over the other.”
	Prime smiled.  “That’s the Ayeka I remember,” he said.  “She has a 
heart so big, she can fit two people inside it.”
	Ayeka returned his smile.  “I know this may sound like a strange 
question,” she said, “but what was the Ayeka of your world like?”
	Prime leaned back in his seat and turned his eyes to the ceiling.  
“Well,” he began thoughtfully, “she was always very proper, almost 
prudish in a way.  She never forgot that she was a princess, and expected 
to be treated with at least a little respect.  But she was always very 
courteous, and gave even more respect than she received.  She always had 
an air of quiet dignity about her, which made her very easy to admire.  She 
was so caring, and very protective of those she loved.  But I think what I 
remember most about her are her eyes.  She had the most gorgeous 
lavender eyes, like polished amethyst.  Every time she would look at me 
with those eyes, it would just melt my heart.  I would have been perfectly 
happy if I could have spent the rest of my life just gazing into those eyes 
and losing myself in them.  I dream about them every night.  I probably 
will until the day I die.”
	Ayeka watched as a tear gently rolled down Prime’s face.  “You 
really did love her, didn’t you?” she asked.
	“With all my heart and soul,” Prime said.  “I wish I could have told 
her.  I would give everything just to be able to tell her how much I love 
her.  In fact, when I first saw you I debated whether or not to tell that to 
you.  But, no matter if you are exactly like her, you’re not the Ayeka I lost.  
I’ve lost my princess forever.”
	Ayeka almost cried right then and there.  She felt so sorry for 
Prime.  He had lost so much in his life, and even though for a fleeting 
moment he found happiness in a borrowed universe, his fight was far from 
over.  It seemed like his pain would never stop.  He had already suffered 
more than any man she had ever known, and there was still no end in sight.  
Ayeka wished she could help somehow.  Maybe go back with him and 
help put a stop to that horrible war.  But she knew also that, just as Prime 
did not belong in her dimension, she did not belong in his.  Prime was 
fighting his battle alone, and it must remain that way.
	Ayeka placed her hand over Prime’s.  “The one you love never 
leaves you,” she said.  “As long as you keep her memory alive, she will 
always be with you.  I’m sure that, wherever she is now, she is very proud 
of you.”
	Prime wiped his eye.  “I like to think so,” he said.  “But I won’t be 
satisfied until I have avenged her death.  She deserves it.  I deserve it.”
	“I know you can do it, Prime,” Ayeka said.  “I know you can help 
put a stop to all that horrible madness.”
	Prime smiled.  “Thank you,” he said.  “It means a lot to hear you 
say that.”
	“I meant it,” Ayeka said.  She finished the glass of water in front of 
her.  “I think we should both get some sleep.”
	“Maybe,” Prime said.  “Oh, by the way, please don’t let Masato 
know that you heard our conversation.  It’s important that he tells you 
himself.”
	“I won’t tell him,” Ayeka promised as she got up to return to her 
room.  “Sleep well, Prime.”
	“I’ll try,” he said.  “For you.”

Chapter 6:  A Fond Farewell

	Prime got what little sleep he could after his conversation with 
Ayeka, and awoke in the morning to amazing aromas emanating from the 
kitchen.  He sat up on the couch and looked in to see Sasami already hard 
at work preparing breakfast.  Behind her, Prime could see Ryo-ohki 
sneaking around in the hopes of purloining a fresh carrot.
	Prime stood up and made his way to the kitchen.  As Ryo-ohki 
prepared to cart off a carrot, he said, “Ryo-ohki, you know better than 
that.”
	Ryo-ohki stopped dead in her tracks and meowed sheepishly.  
Sasami wheeled around to see what had escaped her watchful eye.  “Prime, 
you’re up,” she said.  “I didn’t want to wake you.”
	“That’s alright,” Prime said with a soft smile.  “One of your 
breakfasts is definitely worth getting up for.”
	“It’ll still be a few minutes,” Sasami said.
	“Well, well, look what the cat dragged in,” said a voice behind 
them.  Prime turned and saw Ryoko saunter in to the kitchen.  “How are 
you this morning?”
	Prime still couldn’t believe how friendly Ryoko was being with 
him.  He was used to her being forever angry at him, her eyes like piercing 
daggers.  But the Ryoko of this world was almost sweet.  He silently 
cursed himself for letting his own world get so out of hand.  “I guess I 
can’t complain,” he said.  “Are you the first one up?”
	“For a change, yes I am,” Ryoko said.  “But I imagine that once the 
smell of breakfast floats through the house everyone will be joining us.”
	“Ryoko, I have a question,” Prime said, his curiosity running high.  
“What is your relationship with Masato?”
	Ryoko smiled devilishly.  “You think he and I are... an item?” she 
asked.
	“Are you?” Prime asked innocently.
	“No, we’re not,” Ryoko said, shaking her head at Prime’s naivety.  
“I guess we are pretty good friends, though.  But we do tend to tease each 
other a lot.”
	“It sounds wonderful,” Prime said.  “I guess you already know that 
my Ryoko isn’t nearly as friendly with me.”
	“Yeah, what a shame,” Ryoko said.  “Then again, once I have a 
grudge, I’ve never been known to give it up that easily.”
	Prime sighed deeply.  He never understood why his Ryoko hated 
him so much.  It was plain that she was extremely distraught about losing 
Tenchi.  However, how did she come to blame Tenchi’s death on him?  
She had to have known that it was Tenchi’s decision to fight against 
Hotaro.  In fact, it was she who pleaded with Tenchi not to fight, and 
ultimately decided to go with him when he decided to.  Maybe her love for 
Tenchi ran so deep that she blamed everyone else for his death.  All that 
Prime knew was that he did all that he could, and so did she.  It just wasn’t 
enough that time.  And now he and the Ryoko of his world were paying 
the price.
	Suddenly, Washu burst from her lab.  “I’ve found it!” she shouted.
	“You’ve found a way for me to get home?” Prime asked anxiously.
	“Yes!” Washu said enthusiastically.  “As if there was ever any 
doubt.  After all, I am the greatest scientific genius the universe has ever 
known!  And now my genius has been proven to transcend space itself!  If 
that’s not the mark of a true genius, I don’t know what is.”
	Prime turned his eyes to Sasami.  “It looks like I’m going to have 
to take a rain-check on breakfast,” he said.
	“The dimensional tuner is ready when you are,” Washu said.
	“I’d like to see everyone before I go,” Prime said.
	“I’ll wake everyone,” Sasami said as she ceased her cooking and 
ran upstairs to the bedrooms.

	Everyone stood around Prime and Washu in the laboratory.  Washu 
typed something into her console.  “The easiest way for me to make this 
work,” Washu began, “was to just re-open the tear that sent you here 
originally.  So, the dimensional pathway will open in both worlds at 
exactly the same place they did before.”  She pressed a button, and a 
blinding light began to emanate from the holographic training arena.  “Just 
step through when you’re ready,” she said.
	Prime turned to face everyone.  “I guess this is goodbye,” he said to 
the crowd.  “It’s really been great seeing you all.  And being given the 
opportunity to be around all of you again has given me wonderful ideas as 
to how to fight Hotaro and put an end to this war altogether.  Just as you 
all draw strength from each other, so must the Jurai royal family be united 
to draw strength from each of its parts.  I believe I know the key now, and 
I have you to thank.”  Prime turned to Masato specifically.  “Remember 
what I told you,” he said to him.
	“I haven’t forgotten,” Masato assured him.  “When you catch up to 
Hotaro, give him one for me, would you?”
	“I’ll give him one for all of you,” Prime replied.
	“Do you really have to go, Prime?” Sasami asked disappointedly.
	Prime knelt down on one knee and placed his hand on Sasami’s 
shoulder.  “Yes, I have to,” he told her gently.  “I wish I could stay here 
with all of you, but there are some things I need to take care of.  I have to 
make things right.”
	Prime turned and stepped towards the arena, but stopped short.  
How many times had he dreamed of what he would do if he ever saw 
Ayeka again?  How could he even think of passing up a chance he would 
never have again?  Even though the Ayeka that was seeing him off that 
morning was not the one he lost, she was still Ayeka.  He wheeled around 
and moved towards her, stopping and standing mere inches from her.
	“Ayeka,” Prime began, “there’s something I never got a chance to 
do, and I’ve regretted it my whole life.  Seeing you here now, I can’t let 
this opportunity slip away.  So please don’t think me rude.”  Before Ayeka 
could puzzle as to what Prime meant, he swept her in his arms and kissed 
her.
	The group let out with a collective gasp.  They knew that Prime’s 
feelings for Ayeka were strong, but they never expected him to do 
anything so aggressive.  Especially since they knew Masato would never 
be able to do anything remotely similar to that.  So, they all stood gawking 
as Prime continued his embrace of Ayeka.
	Prime held the kiss for as long as he thought courtesy would allow.  
He then reluctantly separated his lips from hers and gazed into her eyes for 
one last time.  “Goodbye, Ayeka,” he said softly.  “I will never forget 
you.”
	“Good luck, Prime,” she replied, not able to say much else, so 
stunned was she at his actions.
	Prime turned and again approached the arena, shielding his eyes 
from the light.  He gave a last wave of his hand and stepped inside.  The 
light grew in intensity and seemed to swallow him up.  Then, the light 
dissipated, revealing once again the empty arena.  From their side, it 
seemed as though Prime made it through.  He had returned to fight his 
battles.  And everyone knew that, as resourceful and determined as he was, 
he would inevitably emerge victorious.

	After a breakfast during which Masato gave Ayeka several nervous 
glances, everyone in the house dispersed to perform whatever tasks they 
had outlined that day.  All except for Masato, who assumed his familiar 
position on the balcony, staring into the lake.  He was amazed at what he 
had seen the past couple of days.  Especially that morning, as Prime gave a 
very fond farewell to Ayeka.  He was confused as to how he felt about the 
kiss.  On the one hand, he was jealous that Prime had wound up kissing 
Ayeka after only a day of contact with her.  On the other hand, he could 
not get angry, because he knew that Prime was basically a copy of himself, 
feelings and all.  Masato guessed that Prime just could not help himself, 
and Masato could not fault him for that.
	Upon seeing Masato gazing out over the lake, Ayeka approached 
him and leaned on the railing next to him.  “It’s been an eventful couple of 
days,” she said.
	“Yes, it has,” Masato agreed.  Then he remembered the promise he 
had made to Prime.  Should he tell her now?  If he didn’t he wasn’t sure he 
would ever be able to work up the nerve to tell her.  But how would Ayeka 
feel about hearing such news so shortly after kissing, for all intents and 
purposes, himself?  He deliberated in his mind as to what would be the 
best course of action.
	Ayeka sensed his indecision.  “Do you have something that you 
want to tell me?” she asked, placing a hand on his shoulder.
	Masato was taken aback.  How did she know he wanted to tell her?  
Maybe she already knew.  And, if she didn’t Masato decided to let her 
know now.  “Ayeka,” he began, “You know that I love you a great deal.  
But I guess I really haven’t told you just how much I love you.  The fact of 
the matter is that, well, you mean everything to me.  My only wish in the 
entire world is to be with you always.  Ever since you told me that you 
intended to marry Tenchi, I’ve felt like I’m caught in a trap that I can’t get 
out of.  Knowing that I’ll never get to be with you is too difficult for me to 
accept.  I guess what I’m trying to say is that I hope you’ll reconsider and 
choose me instead.”
	Ayeka nodded in confirmation of the facts she already knew to be 
true.  “So, you want me to make a choice,” Ayeka said.
	“I wish I didn’t have to,” Masato said.  “I know this must be 
difficult for you, and all I want is for you to be happy.  But I need to know 
if there’s a place for me in your heart.”
	Ayeka sighed.  Ever since Masato confessed his love for her, she 
knew that she would have to make a choice between him and Tenchi, and 
it would be a choice she would have to think long and hard about.  And 
now the time had come to begin her thinking.  “Masato,” she began, “the 
truth is that I love you and Tenchi.  Deciding between the two of you will 
be very difficult, and I will have to consider it for a long time.  But I 
promise that I will make a decision, and I will only follow what’s in my 
heart.  But also know that, no matter what my decision is, you will always 
have a special place in my heart.”
	“Thank you so much, Ayeka, for understanding,” Masato said with 
a smile.  “I really hate to ask you to do this, but it’s something I just have 
to know.”
	“I know,” Ayeka said, giving Masato a comforting smile.
	Masato turned his eyes back to the lake.  “There is something else I 
wanted to ask you,” he said.  “What did you think?”
	“About what?” Ayeka queried.
	“About... the kiss,” Masato answered.
	“Oh,” Ayeka said, blushing slightly.  “Well, I’m not sure.  I wasn’t 
really expecting it.”
	“Did you, uh... enjoy it?” Masato asked hesitantly.
	“Well,” Ayeka said slowly, “I guess it was... acceptable.”
	“Acceptable?” Masato asked.
	“Acceptable,” Ayeka repeated.  Before Masato could get another 
word in, Ayeka turned and walked back into the house, perhaps a little 
uncomfortable with the direction the conversation had taken.  Masato 
stared after her until she disappeared into the house.  He again resumed his 
thoughtful gaze into the lake.
	“Acceptable,” he echoed.  “I can live with that.”
