----------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer: i do not own any of the characters in this story i am
just writing for the enjoyment of other fans so please don't sue me!

----------------------------------------------------------------------

"where's Ryoko?" asked Tenchi.
"oh, she just went to do a little last-minute christmas shopping,"
answered Washu,"she should be back in a little bit."
"but she's already gotten each of us 3 gifts already, not to mention
the 6 she let up open early. really, i've never seen this side of her
before."
"oh, yes you have, you just haven't paid enough attention to notice.
but Ryoko feels she has to live up to her 'mighty, all-powerful space
pirate Ryoko' reputation. christmas is a time of year when she gets
to bring out her true self, the self that's kind, generous, and
giving. she's let it shine through once or twice, but quickly covered
it up before anyone took any notice."
"hm." Tenchi sighed and gazed at the brightly lit christmas tree. it
was beautiful, possibly the best christmas tree he'd had in years.
and he was planning to make it one-if not the-of the best christmases
as well.

***

Ryoko hummed happily as she dragged along with all the gifts she had
just bought. Suddenly she stopped. she looked around for the source
of which a small sob had come from.
"hhmm. must have been the wind." she shrugged and continued on her
way through the snow covered fields. but there it was again. a sob
and a small cry for help. Ryoko stepped off the fresh path she had
made as she walked along and into the newly fallen-and still falling-
snow.
she moved along to the sound of the voice. it got louder as she
moved.she came to a small patch of snow. the voice was perfectly
clear now. Ryoko brushed away parted of a bush and saw a small girl
sitting in the middle of the patch sobbing. she turned around to look
at Ryoko. she jumped up in surprise.
"w-who....are..y-you?" she said in between sobs,"d-do...you k-know w-
where my m-mommy is?" there was a tint of hope in her tiny, shaky
voice.
Ryoko just stared sadly at the half frozen girl.
"how long have you been sitting here, crying? you're going to be
frozen in a block of ice! here, come with me" Ryoko held out a hand
for her.
"but my mommy says not to talk to or go with strangers"
"oh yeah, huh. well, we can look for your mommy together,"
"well, umm, i g-guess that's alright,"the little girl slowly reached
out to Ryoko and took her hand.
they walked and walked, looking and searching all over the forest and
fields. the girl was yelling for her mother the whole way. they found
nothing. finally, out of cold and exahstion, the child collapsed in a
heap in the snow. Ryoko gathered her up in her arms, took off her
winter coat and wrapped it around her. she was unconsious. <i have to
find her mother, or at least get her someplace warm> she thought.
Ryoko rose into the air, and began to fly towards the Masaki home.

***

"gee, i wonder where Ryoko is, i'm starting to get worried," said
Sasami,"she was supposed to be here an hour ago,"
"yes, and that storm out there is getting very rough," said Ayeka.
"i'm worried too,"said Tenchi,"but you know Ryoko, she's strong. she
can handle anything."
"well, you're right, but i still don't know, i mean, all those gifts
she has to carry through there." Sasami had a worried experession on
her face.

***

the snow storm was raging through the evening, the snow and wind
spiraling around and around Ryoko and the chid as the flew home.
Ryoko couldn't teleport, the storm was messing everything up. She had
been flying for about an hour, battling against the current of the
river of snow.She didn't know if she could keep flying, but she kept
trying anyway. she was weak from cold, and she was exahsted.but she
tore on.
the little girl was coming to in her arms, and she weakly opened an
eye. her sight was blurry, and all she could see was what she thought
an angel, flying her to saftey. the child quietly drifted back to
sleep once more.
Ryoko didn't know how much longer she could keep up flying, the snow
raging all around her. finally, she was too weak to carry on, and
fell from the height of which she was flying. luckly, she stayed
awake enough and strong enough to pull herself and the child up
before hitting to ground, and land them softly.
Ryoko walked on, then broke into a run.but before long, she was too
weak for even that, and collapsed right there in the snow.she
couldn't get up, couldn't move. she tried to stay awake and strong,
but couldn't hold up. she had just enough strength left to move the
child underneath her and keep her warm. then she was lost in the
snow.....

----------------------------------------------------------------------

well, that was it, i hope you liked that story, it was my very first
fanfic ever. i hope to continue it, but if no one really likes it,
then i won't torture anyone with my horrible writing. email me your
opinions about it at:

                          strawbryseed@homestead.com

i don't care if it's not a good opinion about it, you can email me
about how much it sucks, just please, no swearing. i just want
feedback to see if i'm doing well.

thanx!
   strawberryseed1
