Disclaimer:  As much as I would love to take credit for the characters in 
this story, I cannot.  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  “Change of Plans,” though based on pre-existing characters, 
is the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
Ditto for all original characters found therein.  Now that that’s out of the 
way, enjoy the story!

Note to reader:  Once again, I have omitted a few minor characters for 
simplicity’s sake, because their appearances would not have contributed 
further to content.  By now, you’ve probably noticed which ones 
specifically, and hopefully agree with my justification for their omission.  
I’m still not getting many e-mails.  Is it from lack of interest?  Is it from 
shear loathing of this saga?  I wish I knew.  But, then, I won’t know unless 
you write me!  Please e-mail me with ANY comments.

Change of Plans

Chapter 1:  Death in the Family

	Hotaro sat silent, staring at the table top in the conference table.  
His two top lieutenants, Gaijin and Shokai, sat nervously across from him.  
Whenever Hotaro raised his voice they both knew he was upset, but when 
he said nothing for minutes at a time, he was seething with rage.  They 
were truly fearful of what Hotaro would say to them.  The pair continued 
to sit, nervously glancing around them and trembling slightly.  Finally, 
Hotaro spoke.
	“We are in a bad way,” Hotaro said in a surprisingly calm voice.  
“My best efforts to dispose of the crown princesses of Jurai have not 
turned out well.  I see this organization crumbling around me more and 
more each day due in part to one main factor.”  At the utterance of the last 
remark, Gaijin and Shokai shifted nervously in their seats.  However, 
Hotaro proceeded to ease their troubled minds.  “I do not blame you,” he 
went on to say.  “Also, the operatives that I obtained are not entirely at 
fault.  No, gentlemen, the catalyst for the slow downfall of the Jurai 
Liberation Army is one man.”
	“One man?” asked Gaijin, not able to believe that one individual 
could bring down an organization as powerful as theirs.  “Who?”
	“His name is Masato Kiriyama,” Hotaro said as he leaned forward 
in his chair.
	“Him?” asked Shokai.  “I know that he was responsible for 
Kazuhiro’s failure, but he died fighting him.  How could he continue to 
have an impact on us?”
	“He’s not dead,” Hotaro said calmly.  “From what I understand, he 
is alive and well on Earth.  In fact, he is supposedly engaged to Princess 
Ayeka.  I believe that Masato caused not only Kazuhiro’s failure, but 
Specter’s as well.”
	“But the police report said nothing about Masato being involved in 
Specter’s death,” Shokai pointed out.
	“That report was suspiciously vague,” Hotaro said.  “I’m certain 
that he was involved somehow.”
	“If you’re sure of him being alive, then why not get rid of him?” 
Gaijin asked.
	“I couldn’t agree with you more,” Hotaro said.  “However, I want 
to send him a message first.  I want to show him just how much the 
damage he has done to this organization has cost me by making it cost him 
something even greater.”
	As Hotaro explained his plan, Gaijin and Shokai were aghast at its 
simplistic cruelty.  At times, Hotaro was capable of some very despicable 
acts.  However, the lieutenants knew that his decisions were, more often 
than not, for the benefit of the Jurai Liberation Army.  Reluctantly, they 
agreed to the assignment that had been given to them.
	“Very well,” Hotaro said, pleased with the compliance of his men.  
“Now, I wish to reveal to you my master plan.  The final strike that will 
break the back of the royal family forever.  As you know, I have ordered 
nearly all of our forces to hold position at the fringes of Jurai space in 
anticipation of a final offensive against the Jurai fleet.”
	“Yes, but all of our attacks thus far have failed,” Shokai pointed 
out.  “How will this one succeed?”
	“It won’t,” Hotaro said with a smile.  “There won’t be an attack.”
	Gaijin and Shokai looked at each other quizzically.  “Excuse me?” 
Gaijin asked in bewilderment.
	“The massive strike force is only a decoy,” Hotaro revealed.  “As 
Jurai prepares for invasion, we will quietly make our way to Earth and take 
care of the two princesses once and for all.”
	“I see,” Gaijin said thoughtfully.  “That’s not a bad idea.”
	“It might be just the curveball that they’re not expecting,” Shokai 
said excitedly.
	“That’s why we’ve been laying low for a time,” Hotaro said.  “I 
want them to think we’ve gone back to planning terrorist strikes against 
Jurai itself, considering our past failures on Earth.”
	The two lieutenants nodded approvingly.  Hotaro never ceased to 
amaze them with his cunning and his ingenious leadership.  “When do you 
plan to leave for Earth?” Shokai asked.
	“As soon as possible,” Hotaro said.  “However, first I need you 
both to fulfill the task I outlined earlier.  When you return from that 
mission, then we will go.  By the way, I leave Ayeka’s groom-to-be at your 
disposal upon our arrival on Earth.  Consider it a perk.”
	“Very well,” Gaijin said as the lieutenants rose to leave.  “We will 
do as you wish.”  The pair swiftly exited the conference room.
	Once clear of the room, Gaijin asked, “Who is this Masato, 
anyway?”
	“I don’t know much about him,” Shokai said.  “Only what I’ve 
read in police reports.  Apparently, he used to be a member of the Galaxy 
Police.  A few years ago, he was involved in an accident.  Some higher-
ups fingered him, and he went on the run.  He showed up on Earth two 
years later, and fell in with the princesses.  He supposedly killed himself 
when he took out Kazuhiro, but I guess he’s still alive.”
	“I still don’t understand why Hotaro is so worried about him, 
though,” Gaijin puzzled.  “It’s just one guy.”
	“One guy that took out Kazuhiro and Specter,” Shokai cut in.  
“Someone like that is definitely worthy of attention.”
	“You mean worthy of our attention,” Gaijin said with a devilish 
grin.
	“Right,” said Shokai, returning his smirk.  “We’ll make sure he 
doesn’t bother us anymore.  But first, we’ve got other matters to attend 
to.”

	Sasami and Masato sat across from each other at the kitchen table, 
staring at each other intently, their playing cards covering the bottom half 
of their faces.  Masato reached out and picked a card from the top of the 
pile in the center of the table.  He kept it, and discarded one of his own.  
Sasami took the discarded card and used it to replace one in her hand.  She 
then fanned her cards face up on the table before her.  “Gin!” she said with 
a wide grin.
	Masato threw his cards on the table and leaned back in his chair as 
he gave an exasperated sigh.  “You’ve got to be cheating somehow,” he 
said, struggling to find a reason why Sasami had won eight straight games.  
“Is there a mirror behind me?  Is Ryo-ohki hiding behind me and giving 
you signals?”
	“No,” Sasami said as she giggled.  “I guess today is just my lucky 
day.”
	“Well, it sure isn’t mine,” Masato said.  “Still, I feel like I’m due.  
Let’s try one more hand.”
	“Okay,” Sasami said without hesitation, anxious to extend her 
winning streak.
	As Masato dealt the cards, Kiyone walked into the room, a very 
sympathetic look on her face.  “Masato, I need to tell you something,” she 
said.  “In private.”
	“Sure,” Masato said.  “Would you excuse us, please, Sasami?”
	“Okay,” Sasami complied as she galloped out of the kitchen.
	Masato turned his eyes back to Kiyone, who took Sasami’s seat.  
“What is it, partner?” he asked.
	Kiyone gathered herself for a few seconds.  “I was looking over 
some police reports today,” she began, “and I came across something.”
	“What did you find?” Masato asked.
	Kiyone took several deep breaths.  “I don’t know how to break this 
to you,” she said, her voice sounding upset and agitated.
	“What is it?” Masato asked with concern.
	Kiyone took several more deep breaths, and then said quickly, 
“Masato, your parents are dead.”
	Disbelief replaced concern on Masato’s face.  Had he heard what 
he just thought he heard?  “Dead?” he asked.
	“I’m sorry,” Kiyone said as she reached across the table and took 
Masato’s hand.
	Masato’s eyes fell to the bare table in front of him, a blank look on 
his face.  “How?” he asked.  “What happened?”
	“They were... murdered,” Kiyone said, emotions nearly choking off 
her words.
	Masato’s eyes snapped back up.  “Murder?” he asked in shock.  
“But who?  Who could have done this?”
	Kiyone looked Masato square in the eye.  “The Jurai Liberation 
Army has claimed responsibility,” she said.
	Anger instantly flashed in Masato’s eyes.  He stood up and turned 
his back to Kiyone.  He seemed to momentarily lose his balance and 
leaned against the wall. “Hotaro,” he said under his breath.
	“There’s more,” Kiyone said.  “The Galaxy Police have reported 
that a ship from the Jurai Liberation Army has been sighted on course for 
Earth.  It’s less than three day’s travel from here.”
	“So he’s decided to show his face,” Masato said.  He straightened 
up from his leaning position.  Even from behind, Kiyone could see 
Masato’s muscles tense in anger.  Masato clenched his hand into a fist, and 
with a loud yell swung it around and punched cleanly through the drywall.  
Kiyone gasped at the display, and Masato continued to stand with his arm 
half through the wall, breathing heavily.  “Tell the others what’s going 
on,” Masato said, his voice trembling and a tear running down his face.  
“I’m going to prepare.”
	“Prepare?” Kiyone asked.  “What are you going to do?”
	Masato removed his arm from the wall and turned around to face 
Kiyone.  “I’m going to kill Hotaro,” he said icily.

Chapter 2:  Driving Force

	Washu was getting worried.  Masato had been training with the 
hologram for several hours.  She knew that, because of his emotional state, 
he would need some extra time to work out some of his aggression, as well 
as any other feelings he might be having.  However, as Washu brought her 
eyes up from her computer terminal and saw an exhausted and bruised 
Masato continue to attack his faceless opponent, she could remain silent 
no longer.  “Masato, maybe you should give it a rest,” she said with 
concern.
	Masato did not even break from his training.  “I can do more,” he 
replied harshly.  “Make the program harder.”
	“Masato, that’s the third time you’ve asked me to do that,” Washu 
said.  “You’re already bruised up.  Please, just rest for a bit.”
	“I can do more,” Masato repeated with a sneer, and began to give 
several kicks to the program.
	“Masato, you’re going to hurt yourself,” Washu pleaded.
	“Leave me alone!” Masato snapped.  After receiving a dizzying 
barrage of punches and kicks from the program, which would invariably 
cause more bruises, Masato continued with his attack.  Washu shook her 
head.  She knew that Masato was not mad at her, but still the tone of his 
voice was unsettling.  Through fights with Kazuhiro and Anero, she had 
caught flashes of Masato’s fiery anger.  However, like a flash, it always 
dissipated in a moment; it was never a driving force.  Until now.  Now it 
seemed that rage was all that was holding Masato together, and Washu 
feared that very soon even that would not be enough.
	“Masato stop this right now,” Washu said firmly.  “You’re taking 
this too far.”
	Despite his intense disapproval of Washu’s comment, Masato did 
not yell a response at her.  Instead, he continued fighting.  As he began 
once again to go on the offensive, he spoke through gritted teeth.  “All my 
life, things have been taken from me,” he almost growled.  “My brother, 
my career, my parents.  And now Hotaro thinks that he can come here and 
take Ayeka away.  I’ve waited my whole life for her, I’ve cheated death to 
be with her, and I’m not going to let anyone take her from me, do you 
hear?  Hotaro will pay for what he’s done!  I’ll be waiting for him when he 
gets here, and I’ll break him in half with my bare hands!”  Masato cut 
loose with a blood-curdling scream of rage as he brought his fist hard into 
the featureless face of the hologram.  The blow was so powerful that the 
program began to flicker and phase out, leaving Masato alone in the ring, 
breathing heavily.
	Washu paused as she assessed the damage done.  “Well, I hope 
you’re happy,” Washu said with a disapproving glare.  “You’ve shorted 
out the program.  It’ll take a long time to bring it back online.”
	“It’s just as well,” Masato said as he stepped down from the arena.  
“That program wasn’t good enough, anyway.”
	Washu put her hands on her hips.  “Well then, why should I bother 
rebuilding it?” she asked indignantly and sarcastically.
	“My sentiments exactly,” Masato deadpanned.  “I need something 
more challenging.”
	“I can’t just whip up a program like that,” Washu protested as she 
snapped her fingers.  “It takes time, Masato.”
	“We don’t have time,” Masato returned.  “Besides, I don’t want 
another program.”
	“Well, then, what do you plan on doing?” Washu asked, becoming 
impatient with Masato’s tone.
	Masato straightened up and asked, “Where’s Ryoko?”

	“I still think you’re crazy,” Ryoko said of Masato as the two faced 
each other on the lawn, many of the others gathered on the sidelines to 
make sure no one got seriously injured.  “Are you sure you want to do 
this?”
	“Hotaro will be able to take it,” Masato said, “so I have to, too.”
	Ryoko rolled her eyes.  “Fine,” she said.  “What do you want me to 
do?”
	“Just attack me with everything you think I can handle,” Masato 
said as he activated his energy sword.  “Then attack me with more.”
	“Masato, this is crazy,” Tenchi cut in.  “If Ryoko fights you with 
that kind of power, you might get hurt.”
	“That’s what I want!” Masato replied hotly.  “Either I can take it, 
or I can’t.  Better to find out now than when I’m fighting Hotaro.”
	“But what if you get hurt?” Kiyone asked.  “You’ll be no good to 
anybody if you’re too hurt to fight.”
	“I’ll be no good to anyone if I’m too weak to stand up to Hotaro!” 
Masato countered.  “Come on, Ryoko.  Attack me!”
	“Masato, please be careful!” Ayeka shouted.
	Masato’s eyes shifted reassuringly to her for a brief moment.  
Then, just as quickly, his countenance iced over as he shouted, “Attack 
me, Ryoko!”
	Ryoko reluctantly formed her energy sword and lunged at Masato.  
Though badly bruised, Masato fought with a speed and power that Ryoko 
had never seen before.  According to Washu, he was drawing the bulk of 
his energy from pure rage.  It was hard for her to believe that a man who 
was so friendly and warm could be capable of such turbid emotions.
	As Masato pushed Ryoko away from him, he said bitterly, “You’re 
not trying.  I can take more than that.  Now come on!”
	Ryoko once again attacked, and Masato again easily defended.  As 
Ryoko backed off, Masato swung his sword lightly and licked her arm 
with the blade.  Ryoko winced in pain as her hand covered the wound.  
She glowered at Masato, who stood with his eyes fixed on her.  “If you 
don’t give me everything you’ve got right now,” he said, “then I’m going 
to cut you again.  Now fight!”
	Ryoko was angry, but more than that she was concerned about 
Masato’s behavior.  It was like he had gone mad.  She had never seen nor 
dreamed Masato in such a state before.  All the warmth he radiated was 
replaced with insane inhibition.  More for show than for an intent to oblige 
Masato, she heaved several small energy blasts at Masato’s feet.  Masato 
nimbly dodged the bulk of them, and blocked the others with the blade of 
his sword.  When Ryoko finished her attack, Masato stood unscathed.  He 
smiled.  “Not bad,” he said, “but we can both do better.”  With that, 
Masato raised his sword high and ran full tilt at Ryoko, a raspy shout 
escaping from his throat.
	Ryoko heaved some small energy blasts at him, which Masato 
promptly deflected by swinging his sword.  Never deviating from his 
course, the sprinting form of Masato came ever closer to Ryoko, who was 
uncertain as to whether he would stop when he came to her.  Masato’s 
eyes showed only intense concentration on his opponent as he continued to 
advance, placing a seed of indecision in Ryoko’s mind.  As he was almost 
upon her, she became truly fearful that Masato would take his training too 
far.  More out of reflex than a desire to hurt Masato, Ryoko powered up a 
rather large blast and fired it at Masato.
	Masato brought his blade up to block, but the energy from the blast 
was too great.  The ball of light enveloped him and sent him sprawling.  
He yelled in pain as his badly burned form hit the ground and lay still.  
Everyone gasped in horror as they rushed to his side.  Kneeling beside 
Masato, Ayeka questioned hotly, “How could you do this to him, Ryoko?”
	“I didn’t want to hurt him,” Ryoko pleaded.  “I just... I... I didn’t 
know.”
	“Ayeka, it’s okay,” Masato said weakly through teeth clenched in 
pain.  “This is what I asked her to do.  It’s my fault.”
	Tenchi shook his head.  “I told you this would happen,” he said 
critically as Washu knelt next to Masato and began to pass her burn-
healing device over his wounds.
	His pain relieved, Masato said, “Well, I suppose I deserve an ‘I 
told you so,’ but this means that I only have to train harder.”
	“Harder than what?” Kiyone asked.  “Than this?  Will you be 
satisfied until you get yourself killed?”
	“Nothing is going to kill me, partner,” Masato replied.  “I’ll make 
sure of that.”
	“Well, before you go off and do something stupid like get into a 
fistfight with a dump truck,” Washu said, “promise me you’ll get some 
rest.”
	Masato gingerly sat up.  He felt very weak and had a pounding 
headache.  Maybe he was overdue for some rest.  “Okay,” he capitulated.  
“That’ll be enough for today.”
	“And don’t try to do so much next time,” Washu continued.  
“Because I won’t always be there to treat your injuries.”
	Masato paused for several moments, trying to find the correct 
words to explain his position.  “I don’t expect you to approve of what I’m 
doing,” he said, “but I hope you at least understand why I’m doing it.  I 
don’t have a death wish, okay?  It’s just... he... he took my parents away.  
That, I do not forgive!”  Masato hung his head between his knees and was 
having a very difficult time holding back his tears.
	Washu sighed.  “Get some rest, at least,” she said.
	“Okay,” Masato said as he rose slowly to his feet.  Ayeka hurriedly 
rushed over and supported him by one arm as everyone made their way 
back to the house.  According to Kiyone, Hotaro’s ship was less than two 
days away.

Chapter 3:  To the Limit

	The next morning, Tenchi stood silently on the balcony, watching 
the motionless Masato as he stood before a tall tree.  Tenchi had risen with 
the sun, but Masato had already taken his stance before then.  He hadn’t 
moved for close to two hours.  Tenchi was beginning to wonder if the 
death of his parents was too much for Masato to bear.  Still, he was afraid 
to approach him, fearing that he would become even more upset.  So he 
decided to wait for Masato to move before he did.
	“Tenchi, breakfast is ready!” Sasami called from behind him as she 
stepped out on the balcony.  Her eyes, too, were drawn to the statue-like 
form of Masato.  His face was very intense, but his muscles did not so 
much as twitch.  She stepped up beside Tenchi, and the pair stared.  “What 
is Masato doing?” she asked.
	“I’m not sure, Sasami,” Tenchi replied.  “He was out here when I 
got up.  He hasn’t moved at all.”
	Sasami continued to stare, trying to find a reason why Masato 
would be standing still in front of a tree.  “I’m worried about him,” she 
said.
	“I am, too,” Tenchi said.  “But, somehow, I think Masato knows 
what he’s doing.”
	As if to confirm Tenchi’s supposition, Masato suddenly tensed and 
yelled loudly as he brought his hand forward.  The flat of his palm hit the 
trunk of the tree, and Sasami and Tenchi became amazed as an audible 
cracking sound drifted across the yard.  From where Masato’s hand 
impacted, chips and splinters flew every which way from the trunk of the 
tree, and the top began to sway heavily to one side.  With a mighty crash, 
the tree toppled, leaving only Masato standing, his palm still extended in 
the strike.  Awestruck at the sight, Tenchi and Sasami barely noticed as 
Masato collapsed to the ground.
	Snapped back to reality by Masato’s fall, the pair quickly rushed 
over to see what had happened.  Masato lay still on his back, breathing 
heavily.  Tenchi spoke first.  “How on earth did you do that?” he asked.
	“Masato, are you okay?” Sasami asked before he could respond to 
Tenchi’s question.
	Masato did not respond.  Though his breathing was returning to 
normal, Masato was completely unconscious.  With much effort, Tenchi 
and Sasami proceeded to bring Masato into the house.

	Everyone gathered around the couch where Masato had been 
placed.  Ayeka lightly swabbed his forehead with a damp washcloth, a 
most concerned look on her face.  Ryo-ohki was doing her part to speed 
along Masato’s recovery by gently licking his cheek, hoping to wake him.  
“I hope he didn’t hurt himself,” Ayeka said as she turned to Washu for a 
diagnosis.
	“He seems to be okay,” she said, which sent a sigh of relief through 
everyone.  “It just looks like something completely drained his energy.  
After what Tenchi told me, it isn’t surprising.  You said he knocked a 
whole tree over?”
	“In one blow,” Tenchi confirmed.  “I’ve never seen anything like 
it”
	“I didn’t know Masato could do that,” Sasami said, still amazed at 
what she had just witnessed.
	“Wow.  Maybe his training has paid off, after all,” Ryoko said.
	“Wait a minute,” Kiyone said after a moment.  “I think I know 
what might have happened.”
	“Then, what?” Ayeka queried anxiously.
	“I remember Masato mentioning something while we were on the 
force together,” Kiyone began to explain.  “He said that he had learned 
from one of his martial arts instructors that a person could focus all his 
energy into one blow using a form of meditation.  But the technique is 
dangerous, because it can drain a person’s energy completely.  If it’s not 
done right, the person can die.”
	“He’s not going to die, is he?” Ayeka asked, becoming a little 
frightened.
	“I don’t think so,” Washu said.  “In fact, I suspect he’ll be coming 
around any minute.”
	Kiyone looked down at the prostrate form of her former partner.  
“This is why his instructor refused to teach the technique to Masato,” she 
continued.  “He was afraid that the strain would kill him.  I guess Masato 
found some other way to learn it.”
	“I say that he’s lucky he didn’t kill himself,” Ryoko said.  “Believe 
me, I know how dangerous it is to use up all of your energy.”
	“He may have found the proper balance,” Washu said thoughtfully.  
“He poured most of his energy into one hit, but he left enough in him so 
that his body could still function.”
	“But why did he do that in the first place?” Mihoshi asked.
	“After I told him that his parents were murdered,” Kiyone said, “he 
told me that he was going to kill Hotaro.  I think he means to do it.  By any 
means necessary.”
	Suddenly, Masato groaned weakly.  All eyes shifted to him as his 
eyelids began to flicker.  Ryo-ohki meowed excitedly as she hopped up to 
the top of the couch.  His eyes slowly opened, unaccustomed to the light.  
He smiled warmly as he saw, there to greet his gaze, the face of Ayeka, 
who continued to lean over him.  “Are you okay?” she asked softly.
	“I must be dead,” Masato nearly whispered.  “I see an angel.”
	“Oh, he’s fine,” Ryoko said with a chuckle as Ayeka returned 
Masato’s smile.
	“We were so worried about you,” Sasami said.
	“Yeah, you really gave us a scare, partner,” Kiyone added.
	“It’s okay,” Masato said as he gingerly sat up.  “I’m fine, now.”
	“That’s debatable,” Washu said.  “Masato, you seem bent on 
killing yourself.  What do you think you’re doing, anyway?”
	Ryo-ohki jumped into Masato’s lap and meowed softly.  Masato 
scratched the cabbit behind the ear.  “You know why, Washu,” Masato 
returned.  “You all know why.”
	“Masato, it’s not worth it,” Ryoko said.  “You’re only hurting 
yourself.  Besides, it’s not like you’re going to be alone; we’re here for 
you, too.”
	“I know,” Masato said.  “And I appreciate that.  But I want to go 
into this knowing that I’ve done all that I can.”
	“There’s only so much you can do,” Washu said.  “You’re only 
human, you know.”
	“I guess,” Masato said.
	Ayeka suddenly stood up.  “Everyone, could you leave us alone for 
a moment?” she asked.  “I want to talk to Masato in private.”
	“Sure, Ayeka,” Tenchi said.  After everyone had left the room, 
Ayeka took a seat next to Masato on the couch.
	“Masato,” she said, “I want you to stop.”
	“Stop what?” Masato asked.
	“Stop training,” Ayeka said firmly.  “You’re going to hurt 
yourself.”
	“Ayeka, you don’t have to worry about me,” Masato said softly.  
“I’ll be okay.”
	“You said that yesterday, too,” Ayeka pointed out.  “And you went 
and almost killed yourself this morning.”
	“Ayeka, I know what I’m doing,” Masato insisted.
	Ayeka sighed heavily.  “Masato, our wedding is less than a month 
away,” she said.  “I don’t want my fiance to kill himself before we even 
have a chance to get married.  Promise me that you’ll stop training.  Please 
promise me.”  Ayeka looked Masato in his eyes.
	“But what am I supposed to do, Ayeka?” Masato asked 
desperately.  “You know what Hotaro plans to do when he gets here.  How 
am I supposed to just not prepare?”
	“We’ll worry about that when it happens,” Ayeka said as she 
placed her hand on Masato’s.  “I know we’ll beat Hotaro.  Trust in 
yourself, Masato.  Trust in all of us.  We’ve been through so much 
together already, and we’ve come out alright.  Why should this time be any 
different?  For once in my life, I’m not worried.  You shouldn’t be, either.”
	Masato thought for a moment about what Ayeka said.  Usually, 
Ayeka was beside herself with worry over even small details.  To not be 
worried must mean that she had tremendous confidence in everyone.  The 
thought of all of them banding together to face their enemy instilled 
confidence in Masato, as well.  “Okay,” he said, “I promise I’ll stop 
training.”
	“Thank you,” Ayeka said as she hugged him gently.  “Besides, 
there’s so much more that you can do with your time.”
	“What do you mean by that?” Masato asked.
	Ayeka looked Masato squarely in the face and asked, “Do you 
realize that we’re engaged to be married, and we’ve never even been out 
on a date?”
	Masato’s forehead wrinkled.  “You know, you’re absolutely right,” 
he said.
	“So, I was thinking that, maybe tonight, we could kind of fix that,” 
Ayeka half said, half asked.
	Masato considered the proposal.  He had been very stressed out the 
last couple of days, and he was feeling the effects of it.  Maybe he needed 
something to take his mind off the death of his parents, and of the coming 
confrontation.  “Alright, sounds good,” Masato said enthusiastically.  “I 
guess I have been acting kind of selfishly lately.  But I’ll make it up to you.  
Tonight, I’m all yours.”
	“I look forward to it,” Ayeka said as she rose to leave.  “See you 
tonight.”

Chapter 4:  First Date

	As the evening approached, Masato rummaged through his 
wardrobe to find the most fitting attire for his first date with Ayeka.  He 
knew the occasion was special, so he didn’t want to dress too casually.  
Still, formal attire seemed unnecessary, considering their current situation.  
He had to strike a fitting balance between the two.  After several minutes 
of deliberation, he decided to wear black dress slacks and a light blue 
button-down shirt.  As he checked himself in the mirror, his hand went to 
his neck, where the pendant that Ayeka gave him hung constantly.  
Though he normally tucked the charm into his shirt, tonight he would wear 
it prominently and proudly on the outside, to underscore the significance 
of this special evening.
	As he stepped down the stairs, he noticed nearly everyone gathered 
in the living room to see him off.  As he reached the bottom of the stairs 
he theatrically spun around once to showcase his outfit.  Ryoko whistled.  
“You look really sharp tonight,” she said, fanning herself with her hand.
	“Thanks, Ryoko,” Masato said with a smile, recognizing her subtle 
sarcasm.
	“You look great,” Kiyone said.  “How come you never wore 
anything like that for me?”
	“Well, you never asked,” Masato said with a wink.  “And, with all 
due respect, we were never engaged.  Where is Ayeka, anyway?”
	“She’s still getting ready upstairs,” Sasami announced.  “She says 
that she wants to find the perfect outfit.”
	“She doesn’t need to,” Masato said.  “She could make anything 
look good.”
	“You’re unbelievable!” Ryoko said.  “Ayeka’s not even in the 
room, and you’re still flirting with her!”
	“It’s not flirting when it’s the truth,” Masato replied.
	Ryoko shook her head and chuckled.  “You always know just what 
to say,” she observed.  “Tenchi, why don’t you ever say anything like that 
to me?”
	Tenchi rolled his eyes.  Masato and Ayeka hadn’t even left yet, and 
she was already starting.  With Ayeka gone for the evening, Ryoko would 
invariably be hanging all over Tenchi.  As happy as he was for Masato and 
Ayeka, he was not looking forward to the evening.
	The door to Ayeka’s room swung open and everyone looked as she 
made her way downstairs.  She was dressed in a sleeveless, form-fitting 
blue-green dress that, much to the surprise of everyone else, left little to 
the imagination.  She wore a matching pair of elbow-high gloves, and a 
string of pearls around her neck.  A small black handbag hung over her 
shoulder.  She smiled sweetly at Masato as she made her way down the 
stairs.  “I’m ready for our date, Masato” she said.  “What do you think of 
my dress?”
	Masato was staring, rather impolitely, and his jaw hung open.  It 
took him a few moments before he collected his thoughts and stammered, 
“W-wow.”  So much for always knowing just what to say.
	Ayeka chuckled.  “I’ll take that as a compliment,” she said.  She 
held out her arm.  “Shall we go?”
	“Uh, yeah, sure,” Masato was able to spit out as he hooked his arm 
around Ayeka’s.  “Everyone, we’ll see you later.”
	“Have a great time,” Tenchi said as he waved goodbye.
	“Have fun, you two,” Mihoshi added enthusiastically.
	“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” Ryoko added with a sly grin.
	“Why do I get the feeling that that wouldn’t narrow it down 
much?” Masato asked playfully.  “We’ll see you all later.”
	After a final round of goodbyes, the pair departed on the short walk 
to town.  Ryoko watched after them enviously, imagining how happy she 
would be if Tenchi took her out on a date.  “Well, Tenchi, it looks like it’s 
just you and me tonight,” she said as she sidled closer to him and hugged 
his arm.  “What’s the first thing you’d like to do to me?  I mean, with 
me?”
	Tenchi swallowed hard.  Without Ayeka to distract Ryoko, or 
Masato to keep her in check, he was at the mercy of the lustful space 
pirate.  His mind worked furiously to figure out a way to keep Ryoko at 
bay, at least until Ayeka and Masato returned.  However, his heart sank as 
he found his mind a complete blank.
	“Not so fast,” Sasami said.  “Ayeka left me very specific 
instructions to keep you from flirting with Tenchi.  So, let go!”
	“Blast that Ayeka!” Ryoko shouted as she almost threw Tenchi’s 
arm away in anger.  “How come I can’t get past her?”  Then, an idea 
flashed in her mind.  She once again took Tenchi’s arm.  “She didn’t say 
anything about Tenchi flirting with me, did she?” she asked suggestively.  
“Go on, Tenchi; tell me how much you love me.”
	“Ryoko, please!” Tenchi shouted as he snatched his arm away.
	“Oh, come on, Tenchi,” Ryoko pleaded.  “I know you’ve wanted to 
tell me for a long time.  And since Ayeka’s not here, you can say anything 
you want.  Your restraints are gone!  Do what you feel, my love!”
	“I feel like getting some air!” Tenchi said firmly as he stepped out 
on the balcony.
	“Let me help you,” Ryoko called as she began to float off to follow 
him.  “Please, Tenchi!”
	Sasami sighed and hung her head.  She was going to have to be 
very diligent if she was going to follow her sister’s instructions.

	The conversation that Ayeka and Masato had struck up during their 
walk to town continued as they sat down in the restaurant.  So far, they 
were having a grand time discussing the events that had led up to their 
engagement, and about their plans for the future.  During a short silence in 
between the salads and the main course, Ayeka wrung her napkin in her 
hands nervously.  She wanted to ask a particular question, but was not sure 
how Masato would react.  “Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?” 
she queried.
	“Go right ahead,” Masato smiled as he took a sip of the wine they 
had ordered.
	“I’m almost afraid to bring it up...” Ayeka trailed off, continuing to 
wring the napkin.
	“Ayeka, you know you can ask me anything,” Masato assured her 
with a kind glance.  “What is it?”
	Ayeka breathed deeply and asked, “Why haven’t you ever told me 
anything about your parents?”
	Masato pursed his lips and propped his chin on his folded hands.  
He was not expecting that question.
	“Did something happen?” Ayeka asked, trying to at least elicit a 
response.
	“You might say that,” Masato said as he looked at her thoughtfully.
	“What was it?” Ayeka asked.  “Do you feel okay talking about it?”
	“No, I’ll tell you,” Masato said.  Ayeka deserved an explanation.  
“When I first started running after the Galaxy Police accident, my parents 
were the first people I turned to for help.  Unfortunately, the brass from 
internal affairs had spoken to them first, and all but convinced them that I 
was guilty.  When I went to see them, the police were waiting.  They had 
used my own parents as bait to get me.  I barely got away.”
	“Your parents turned you in?” Ayeka asked.
	“Not exactly,” Masato explained.  “I really don’t think they had 
much choice in the matter.  Still, I couldn’t go back to see them, because 
the Galaxy Police would expect me to.  They’d be watching them like 
hawks.  So, I had to leave them behind.”
	“That’s terrible,” Ayeka said as she stared at the table.
	“The last I heard, they had moved out of our house in the country,” 
Masato said.  “I don’t know anything about them after that.”
	“Did you love them?” Ayeka asked suddenly.
	Masato didn’t even need to think about his response.  “I loved 
them a lot,” he said.  “I still do.  I had no choice but to leave them.  I wish 
I could have gotten to see them again.  Just once, you know?”
	“Masato, I’m sorry,” Ayeka said as she placed her hand on his.
	A smile crossed Masato’s lips.  “Don’t worry about it,” he said, 
taking another sip of wine.  “Besides, tonight’s not about them; it’s about 
us.”
	“You’re right,” Ayeka said, returning his smile.
	The waiter then arrived with their main courses.  The conversation 
was temporarily halted as the pair sampled their dishes.  After a few bites, 
Ayeka asked, “How’s your sushi?”
	“It’s very good,” Masato said as he swallowed.  “How about your 
shrimp tempura?”
	“It’s okay,” she said, sounding a bit disappointed.  “Not as good as 
Sasami’s.”
	“Same here,” Masato said with a smirk.  “Amazing how we’re 
eating at a class restaurant, and still missing out.”
	“True,” Ayeka chuckled as she took a swallow of wine.  “At least 
it’s just the two of us tonight.”
	“That alone makes it worthwhile,” Masato said.
	“Masato, can I ask you another question?” Ayeka inquired of her 
date.
	“Sure,” Masato said a little cautiously, hoping the question would 
not be as involved as the first.
	“What was that technique you used this morning to knock down a 
tree?” Ayeka asked.  “Aside from Ryoko and Jurai, I’ve never seen power 
like that.”
	“It’s a special technique that I researched many years ago,” Masato 
began to explain.  “By using a complex form of meditation, I can actually 
will my energy to concentrate and drive itself into an object.  This 
morning, that tree was my unlucky subject.”
	“How come you’ve never used it before?” Ayeka asked.
	“Well, it’s very draining, both mentally and physically,” Masato 
said.  “It requires an immense amount of concentration and physical 
discipline.  You saw yourself that just that one blow took everything that I 
had.”
	“Yes, you scared me,” Ayeka admitted.
	“I was kind of scared, too,” Masato revealed.  “That was the first 
time I had actually used the technique.  If I hadn’t done it right, it could 
have killed me.”
	“Then why did you even try it?” Ayeka asked, almost scolding.
	“I had to make sure I could do it,” Masato said.  “If I have to, I’ll 
use it against Hotaro.”
	“Masato, I’m afraid of what might happen to you if you do that 
again,” Ayeka said, concern in her features.
	“So am I, a little,” Masato admitted.  “No one has ever used it 
more than once.”
	“Masato, promise me you won’t use that technique anymore,” 
Ayeka pleaded.
	Masato rolled his eyes a little.  “Ayeka, you know I can’t make that 
promise,” he said.
	Ayeka hung her head.  She knew by now that arguing with Masato 
on such matters was useless.  “Well, then, at least think before you do it, 
okay?” she requested.
	Masato smiled.  “Of course I will,” he assured her.
	Ayeka nodded satisfactorily.  Not wanting to bring down the mood 
of the evening, she steered the conversation back to more pleasant matters.  
Their conversation continued as such for the remainder of dinner.

Chapter 5:  Culmination

	Tenchi hurriedly slammed the door of the shrine behind him.  For 
some reason, Ryoko never followed him in there, so he felt as though it 
was his last refuge from his hormonal housemate.  In the opposite corner 
of the shrine sat Yosho, his legs crossed and leaning over a pot of tea.  
“Tenchi, you look tense,” he said calmly.
	“Well, Ryoko’s after me again,” Tenchi said.  “And without Ayeka 
or Masato here, I don’t know what to do.”
	Yosho poured some liquid from the kettle and held the cup out to 
Tenchi.  “Have some tea,” he more commanded than requested.  Tenchi 
obeyed and took the cup as he took a seat next to his grandfather.
	“You know, Tenchi,” Yosho said as he poured some tea for 
himself, “if Ryoko is bothering you so much, then tell her.”
	“I don’t want to hurt her feelings,” Tenchi said.  “I mean, I really 
care about her.  It’s just that she can be so... clingy.  I mean, is it too much 
to ask to have some privacy?  At least once in a while?”
	“Ask, and ye shall receive,” Yosho said.  “If you tell her, she’ll 
understand.”
	“You really think so?” Tenchi asked in between sips of tea.
	“Of course,” Yosho said.  “Ryoko would do anything for you, 
Tenchi.  Privacy seems like a relatively small request to me.”
	“Maybe I should tell her,” Tenchi said to himself.  “I just hope she 
takes it okay.”
	“She’ll be fine,” Yosho assured him.
	Tenchi stood up to leave.  “Thank you for the tea, Grandpa,” he 
said as he exited.
	“Anytime,” Yosho called after him.
	As he walked down the steps of the shrine, Tenchi nervously 
glanced from side to side, afraid that Ryoko would ambush him from 
somewhere.  Despite his roving eyes, Tenchi was completely surprised 
when he heard Ryoko playfully exclaim, “There you are!”
	Tenchi glanced in all directions around him, but could see no one.  
Suddenly it dawned on him to look up.  There, hovering directly above 
him, was Ryoko, who smiled sweetly down at him.
	“Ryoko, you scared me half to death,” Tenchi said firmly.
	“I’m sorry,” she said as she hovered down to the ground.  “I just 
wanted to find you.”
	“What else is new?” Tenchi said under his breath.  “Ryoko, we 
really need to talk.”
	“We can talk any time,” She said suggestively, inching ever closer 
to him.  “But how many nights is Ayeka not around, huh?”
	“Ryoko, I’m serious,” Tenchi said as he lightly pushed her away.  
“I need you to give me a little privacy when I want it, okay?”
	Ryoko looked like she was crushed.  “Are you saying you don’t 
want to be with me?” she asked, her voice sounding small and pathetic.
	“It’s not that,” Tenchi assured her.  “I like being with you.  
Sometimes.  But other times you can just be a pest.”
	“I just want to be around you, Tenchi,” Ryoko said with sincerity.  
“I get lonely when we’re apart.”
	“But you can’t possibly need to be with me all the time,” Tenchi 
hypothesized.  “I mean, we both have lives, right?”
	“Tenchi, you’re my life,” Ryoko said as she tucked her hands 
behind her back.  “All I want is to be with you always.  I can’t bear to be 
away from you.  It hurts me, Tenchi.”
	Tenchi was a bit surprised that Ryoko could have such deep 
feelings for him.  He knew that she was in love with him, but never had he 
dreamed it was to this degree.  But, he still felt as though he needed some 
privacy; he needed to find a way to keep Ryoko away from him at least for 
a little while.  He knew of only one proposal, an idea that surprised even 
him when he uttered it.  “Ryoko,” he began, “if I give you a kiss, will you 
give me some privacy tonight?”
	Ryoko’s eyes widened.  Never had she expected bashful Tenchi 
Masaki to use his lips as a bargaining chip.  She was not sure what to say 
in response.
	“Just a kiss,” Tenchi clarified.  “Nothing else.  Okay?”
	“Okay,” Ryoko agreed, beginning to tremble slightly.
	Tenchi swallowed hard and approached Ryoko, whose face had 
established a look somewhere between shock and ecstasy.  Fearing that she 
might take advantage of the situation, Tenchi shut his eyes tightly as his 
lips met Ryoko’s.
	Much to Tenchi’s amazement, Ryoko was surprisingly good about 
the kiss.  No wandering hands; no excessive moaning; no funny business 
with her tongue.  Not once did she overstep her boundaries, to Tenchi’s 
approval.  In fact, the kiss was rather... pleasant.
	When Tenchi pulled back, he opened his eyes.  Ryoko stood with 
eyes wide, mouth agape, and cheeks red.  Tenchi breathed deeply.  
“Remember:  privacy,” he said.
	“Uh huh,” Ryoko blurted as she nodded dumbly.
	Tenchi nodded his head in approval and walked away, leaving 
Ryoko standing stark still on the steps.  She attempted to take a few steps, 
but her trembling knees gave out from underneath her and she sank to the 
ground.  She was on her back and gazing into the rapidly dimming sky 
when she smiled wide and whispered, “Wow.”

	As the sun steadily sank behind the buildings, the streets began to 
empty.  The groups of people that hopped from shop to shop dispersed.  
Many friends and family said their goodbyes as they returned to their 
homes.  However, over all the parting words, the laughter of a certain 
well-dressed couple could be heard.
	After dinner, Ayeka and Masato strolled aimlessly around town, 
window-shopping and conversing.  Passing many of the shop windows, 
Masato added several items to his personal wish list, vowing to buy them 
if he ever got the money for it.
	“Once we are married, Masato,” Ayeka had told him, “you’ll never 
need to worry about money again.”
	“Funny, I didn’t even think of that,” Masato replied.  “I’m not 
marrying you for the money that’s in the royal treasury, though; you could 
be the poorest woman ever, and I would still love you more than all the 
money in the universe.”
	Ayeka smiled and put her head on Masato’s shoulder.  “You’re so 
sweet,” she said.
	The two continued to walk around until they were nearly the only 
ones left on the street.  Disappointed that the end of the evening was 
drawing nigh, Masato said, “It’s getting kind of late.  Maybe we ought to 
head back.”
	“Are you sure?” Ayeka asked coyly.
	“I wish we didn’t have to,” Masato said as he stared off into the 
distance.  “This has been such a wonderful evening; I hate to see it end.”
	“It doesn’t have to,” Ayeka said suggestively.
	“What do you mean?” Masato asked quizzically.
	“This afternoon I reserved us a room at the hotel in town,” Ayeka 
said.  “If you like, we can go there now.”
	Masato thought for a moment.  It was unclear to him why the 
normally conservative princess would do something so impulsive and 
unnecessary.  However, he did see it as a perfect opportunity to prolong 
his date.  “Sure, let’s go,” Masato said.
	“Okay,” Ayeka said cheerfully as she hooked her arm around 
Masato’s and proceeded to lead him in the direction of the hotel.
	Upon arriving at the hotel, Ayeka approached the man behind the 
desk.  “I reserved a room here this afternoon,” she told him.  “Under Mr. 
and Mrs. Masato Kiriyama.”
	Masato coughed.  That was the first time he had ever heard anyone 
use that phrase before in his life.  Despite the fact that it was his fiancee 
that uttered it, he still felt a little uncomfortable.  He wasn’t ready to hear 
that yet.  In a few weeks he would, but not today.
	“Yes, ma’am, I’ve got your name right here,” the desk clerk said.  
He opened a sign-in book and gave her a pen.  “Sign here, please.”  
Masato looked over her shoulder as she signed the book.  She signed it 
“Ayeka Kiriyama.”  Masato coughed again.
	“Thank you,” the desk clerk said as he took the book away.  He 
handed her a key.  “You’ll be in room 307.  It’s on the third floor to your 
left.”
	“Thank you,” Ayeka said as she took the key.  “Come on, Masato.”  
She took his hand and led him to the elevator.
	The first thing Ayeka did upon entering the room was to call room 
service and have them send up a bottle of champagne.  As she and Masato 
partook of it, Masato glanced around.  The room was very luxurious.  
Masato wondered how Ayeka could afford it.  Usually she was strapped to 
pay her portion of the rent at Tenchi’s house.  “How on earth are you 
going to pay for the room?” Masato asked, his curiosity getting the better 
of him.
	“My father sent me a little money to help me plan for the 
wedding,” she said with a smirk.  “But, I decided to splurge a little.”
	Masato was shocked at Ayeka’s display of impulsiveness.  “Good 
for you,” was all he could think to say.  Upon inspecting the room further, 
Masato was disappointed to find only one bed.  “Rats,” he said.  “Looks 
like I’ll take the couch.”
	Nonsense,” Ayeka said.  “We can share the same bed.  Make 
yourself comfortable.”  She hurriedly drained the remainder of her 
champagne glass.  “Excuse me, I need to go... freshen up.”  She stood and 
made for the bathroom, closing the door behind her.  Masato decided to 
take Ayeka’s advice and make himself comfortable.  He moved to the bed 
where he sprawled out and relaxed.
	Masato chuckled to himself.  “How long have we known each 
other?” he asked aloud.  “We’re engaged, for crying out loud.  And this is 
only our first date?  God, I’m pathetic.”  Never had he displayed any 
proficiency for dealing with the opposite sex, a contributing factor as to 
why Masato felt that marrying Ayeka was nothing more than a pipe dream.  
He wasn’t sure exactly what he had said or done to win her heart, but he 
thanked his lucky stars that he somehow buffooned across an answer.  His 
mind wandered back to the evening that he was spending with her.  It was 
simply marvelous in its simplicity; no elaborate plans, no involved 
activities.  Just him and her.  He couldn’t ask for anything more.  He took 
a sip of champagne as he heard the bathroom door open.
	Ayeka stood in the doorway, an odd smile on her lips.  The 
revealing dress she had been wearing had been replaced by an even more 
revealing blue nightgown.  The fabric billowed loosely around her shapely 
form, and was so thin as to be nearly transparent.  Masato responded to 
Ayeka’s new attire by promptly spitting his champagne out in a misty 
spray, and gawking.  “I’m glad you like it,” Ayeka said.
	Masato was dumbstruck.  Where on earth did she get a nightgown?  
Then it dawned on him; she snuck it in in her handbag.  She was planning 
this the whole time.  So much for no elaborate plans.  As Ayeka began to 
slowly saunter towards Masato, he struggled to find something to say.  
Some sort of compliment or witty remark to relieve his own tension.  
However, he could only stammer, “I, uh... you... holy cow!”  The hand that 
held Masato’s champagne glass began to shake, spilling the liquid in 
sparkling droplets on his shirt.
	Ayeka snickered lightly.  “You look so nervous,” she said as she 
laid down next to Masato on the bed and placed a hand on his chest.  
“Don’t be scared.  I promise I’ll be nice and gentle.”
	By now Masato was nearly panting.  Was he hearing all of this 
coming out of Ayeka’s mouth?  He could have expected something like 
this from Ryoko, but certainly not the prim and proper princess of Jurai.  
This was unreal.  For the first time in a very long while, Masato was 
physically unable to speak.
	Before Masato could find his voice, Ayeka began kissing him.  
Masato was very unsure about how she was behaving, and became even 
more unnerved when Ayeka slipped her tongue in his mouth.  To say 
Masato was not expecting Ayeka to do all this was a gross understatement.
	However, overshadowing all the fear and uncertainty in Masato, a 
voice in his head spoke up and said, “You idiot!  It’s Ayeka, your dream 
come true!  And here you are too scared to do anything about it!  Stop 
being such a coward.  There’s nothing to be afraid of.  She loves you and 
you love her; what else is there?”  The voice spoke loudly within Masato, 
and it was absolutely right.
	Masato closed his eyes and began to kiss Ayeka back as he reached 
over and turned out the light.

Chapter 6:  A Pressing Matter

	“Good morning, Sasami,” Tenchi said cheerfully as he came down 
for breakfast.
	“Good morning, Tenchi,” Sasami replied just as cheerfully as she 
put the finishing touches on the meal.  “You sound like you’re in a good 
mood.”
	“I sure am,” Tenchi said with a smile.  “After spending a nice, 
quiet, restful evening by myself, I feel fantastic.”
	“So Ryoko didn’t bother you?” Sasami asked.
	“Nope,” Tenchi returned.  “I... took care of Ryoko.”
	“Oh,” Sasami said, not quite sure what Tenchi meant.
	Kiyone and Mihoshi then entered the kitchen.  Mihoshi yawned 
loudly as she said, “Good morning, everyone.”
	“Morning, Mihoshi,” Tenchi said.  “Morning, Kiyone.”
	Kiyone sat down at the table, and suddenly began to glance 
hurriedly around her.  “Hey, where’s Masato?” she asked.  “Isn’t he 
usually up by now?”
	“That’s a good question,” Tenchi said as he scratched his head.  
“Sasami, do you know where Masato and your sister are?”
	“Actually, I didn’t hear them come in last night,” Sasami said.
	“I kind of expected that,” Washu said as she entered the kitchen.  “I 
guess they couldn’t wait until their wedding night, huh?”
	“Washu!” Kiyone scolded.  “Please.  There’s a child present.”
	“Sorry,” Washu snickered.  “Just tossing around ideas.”
	“So Ayeka and Masato didn’t come back?” Sasami asked.  “Where 
could they be?”
	“Actually, I overheard her on the phone yesterday afternoon, 
talking to someone about a hotel room,” Tenchi revealed.  “Maybe those 
two stayed the night at the hotel in town.”
	“Boy,” Kiyone said under her breath.  “I would have expected 
something like that from Ryoko, but Ayeka?”
	“And you think my mind is dirty?” Washu asked upon hearing 
Kiyone’s comment.
	Even from the kitchen, everyone’s attention was turned to the stairs 
where Ryoko began to drag her feet noisily down the steps.  She was 
slouched and yawning loudly.  Her eyes were barely open, and dark circles 
were underneath them.  She looked like she was more tired than when she 
went to bed.  “Ryoko, you look horrible!” Mihoshi said, abandoning all 
tact as per usual.
	“Yeah, Ryoko,” Sasami agreed, “you look like you didn’t sleep at 
all last night.”
	“Actually, I didn’t” Ryoko replied.  “I couldn’t.”
	“Why not?” Tenchi asked.  “Is something wrong?”
	“No, nothing’s wrong,” Ryoko assured him.  “I was just thinking, 
that’s all.”
	“About what?” Tenchi asked.
	“About... stuff,” Ryoko responded.
	Everyone nodded.  The other girls assumed that she was 
preoccupied with the impending arrival of Hotaro.  Tenchi knew better.  “I 
see,” he said.  “Ryoko, can I talk to you in the other room?”
	Ryoko’s face perked up.  “Okay,” she said as she followed Tenchi 
out of the kitchen.
	Once the two were alone, Ryoko spoke first.  “Before you say 
anything, Tenchi,” she said hurriedly, “I just want to tell you that I can’t 
get that kiss you gave me out of my head.  It’s all I’ve thought about since 
last night.  To be honest, I’m still not sure if it was real or just some 
wonderful dream.  I need you to kiss me again, Tenchi.  Just so I know that 
it’s real.  Please, kiss me.”
	Tenchi sighed and cast his eyes to the floor.  “That’s kind of what I 
wanted to talk to you about,” he said.  He paused for a few moments to 
find the right words.  “Ryoko, I wasn’t really sure how to handle you when 
you were chasing after me last night.  I thought that, if I gave you 
something you wanted, you’d give me something I wanted.  But, the more 
I thought about it, the more I realized that kissing you wasn’t a good idea.  
I know how much it must have meant to you, and I’m afraid it didn’t have 
the same significance for me.  I guess what I’m trying to say is that I may 
have given you the wrong idea, and I’m sorry.”
	Ryoko looked puzzled.  “Are you saying that you kissed me just to 
get rid of me?” she asked.
	“I made a mistake,” Tenchi pleaded.  “I realize that it wasn’t the 
right thing to do.  I’m really sorry.”
	Tenchi expected Ryoko to run off crying, or become unbelievably 
angry.  However, Ryoko just stood across from him, thinking hard about 
what she had just been told.  It would have been easy for her to get upset, 
and she was.  However, it was not because of what Tenchi did; she was 
upset with herself for the way she had been acting.  For Tenchi to do 
something so selfish, she must have been a tremendous bother.  Tenchi 
wouldn’t have toyed with her like that unless she had been too aggressive 
and backed him into a corner.  Tenchi had no choice but to hurt her 
feelings.  “Tenchi,” she began softly, “do you regret kissing me?”
	“I regret why I kissed you,” Tenchi answered.
	“You didn’t answer my question,” Ryoko said.  “Do you regret 
kissing me?”
	Tenchi’s cheeks flushed red as he scratched the back of his head.  
“I can’t say, really,” he said.
	“You can’t, or you won’t?” Ryoko queried.
	“I can’t,” Tenchi responded.  “I really don’t know.”
	“Would you like to find out?” Ryoko asked, coming closer.  “I 
could kiss you now.  There’s no one around.  Just a quick kiss.”
	“No, Ryoko,” Tenchi said quietly but firmly.
	Ryoko backed off, realizing that she was acting just the way that 
Tenchi didn’t want her to.  “I’m sorry,” she said submissively.  “I forgot.”
	“Ryoko, you have to understand that I really do like you,” Tenchi 
said.  “I would do anything for you.  But I’m just not ready to be the 
dashing, romantic guy you want me to be.  I hope you understand.”
	“Of course I understand,” Ryoko said with a slight smile.  “I 
promise I’ll behave from now on.”
	“Ryoko, I don’t want you to change,” Tenchi said.  “I like you just 
the way you are.  But I do enjoy being by myself sometimes, okay?”
	“Oh, okay,” Ryoko said.  “Just say the word, and I’ll leave you 
alone.  I promise.”
	Tenchi smiled.  “Ryoko, I’m glad you’re okay with this,” he said.  
“Thanks for understanding.  Now, I don’t know about you, but I’m 
starving.  Let’s get some breakfast.”
	As the pair began to walk towards the kitchen, Ryoko asked 
sweetly, “Can I sit next to you?”
	Tenchi smiled again.  “Of course,” he said.

	Midway through breakfast the door opened and Ayeka and Masato 
walked in.  They were both smiling wide, and talking quietly and giggling 
to each other.  Ayeka’s dress was wrinkled, and Masato’s shirt was 
untucked.  She kissed him on the cheek and scampered upstairs, leaving 
Masato to stroll into the kitchen.  “How is everyone this morning?” he 
asked very cheerfully.
	“We’re okay,” Kiyone said.  “Where were you last night?”
	“We were on a date,” Masato said with a smile.
	“Yeah, but where?” Kiyone asked.
	“Well, we went to a restaurant first,” Masato said.  “Then we 
walked around town for a little while, and then we spent the night at a 
hotel.”
	“Really?” Ryoko asked suggestively.  “And what, pray tell, were 
you doing at a hotel?”
	“Well, we talked for a little while, and decided to sleep late.”
	Ryoko looked around at the faces that were trained on Masato, and 
realized that he would feel very uncomfortable discussing his evening with 
the group.  She hovered from her chair, grasped Masato’s arm tightly, and 
led him into the other room.  She sat him down on the couch and took a 
seat next to him.  She was determined to find out from Masato what she 
already expected to be true.  “Alright, Cassanova,” she began, “tell me 
everything.  And don’t spare the details.”
	“What’s to tell?” Masato asked.  “We had a great time, that’s all.”
	“Did you sleep with her?” Ryoko asked eagerly.
	“Ryoko!” Masato scolded.  “Get your mind out of the gutter!”
	“Did you sleep with her?” she asked again, grinning slyly.
	Masato held his breath.  Despite the fact that Ryoko was his best 
friend, Masato was hesitant to reveal such personal information.  Besides, 
it seemed as though Ryoko had figured out what had happened well 
enough on her own.  Masato exhaled and turned his face away, his cheeks 
reddening steadily.
	Ryoko gasped excitedly; Masato’s silence was the only answer she 
needed.  “You stud!” she blurted.  “I didn’t think you had it in you!”
	“Well, she started it,” Masato said, as if to justify himself.
	“You’re kidding!” Ryoko said.  “Princess Prude seduced you?”
	“What, you think I could do something like that?” Masato replied.  
“She caught me completely off-guard.”
	“Masato, you don’t have to explain yourself,” Ryoko said as she 
took his hand.  “I’m happy for you.”
	“Could you kind of keep this low-key?” Masato asked.  “I really 
don’t want the whole house knowing about this.”
	“Oh, trust me, we know,” Ryoko said with a smile.
	“Great,” Masato said as he rolled his eyes.
	“Hey, there’s nothing wrong with it,” Ryoko said.  “You’re going 
to be married in a few weeks.  It was going to happen sooner or later.”
	“I guess,” Masato said.  He took a second look at Ryoko and 
noticed the circles under her eyes.  “Did you sleep last night?”
	“Not really,” Ryoko chuckled.  “I was thinking about...”
	“About what?” Masato asked.
	Ryoko smiled broadly and said, “Last night Tenchi kissed me.”
	Now it was Masato’s turn to hang on Ryoko’s every word.  “He 
kissed you?” he asked, wide-eyed.  “What happened?”
	“Actually, he did it just to get me off his back for the evening,” 
Ryoko revealed.
	“Oh,” Masato said, wondering why Tenchi would do such a thing.  
“Were you bothering him too much?”
	“Apparently,” Ryoko said.  “But we reached an understanding, and 
I’m okay with it.”
	“Well, that’s good,” Masato said.
	“Masato, please don’t tell Ayeka about this,” Ryoko requested.  
“I’m afraid that she might get really upset with Tenchi.”
	“I don’t think you really have to worry about that,” Masato replied.  
“But if it makes you feel better, then I promise I won’t tell her.”
	“Thanks,” Ryoko said as she smiled appreciatively.  She chuckled 
again and shook her head.  “So you and Ayeka, huh?” she asked playfully.  
“Good for you.”
	“I wasn’t planning on it, in case you thought so,” Masato 
explained.  “But Ayeka is just... extraordinary.”
	Ryoko nodded.  “You know,” she said thoughtfully, “she really is.”

Chapter 7:  Preparation

	Kiyone knocked lightly on Masato’s door, despite the fact that it 
was already open.  “Can I come in?” she asked.
	“Sure,” Masato responded as he buckled a belt into place.  The belt 
contained both his holstered blaster and his energy sword.
	Kiyone swallowed.  “I know I shouldn’t be asking you this,” she 
began hesitantly, “but are you sure you want to fight Hotaro?”
	“I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life,” Masato 
responded immediately.
	“I spoke to Ryoko,” Kiyone said.  “She said that she’s more than 
willing to fight.  With a power like that on our side, we’ll win for sure.”
	“What are you trying to tell me?” Masato asked, knowing there 
was more to Kiyone’s words than simple reassurance.
	“All I’m saying is,” Kiyone said, “that, if there’s any doubt in your 
mind whether you should fight or not, you don’t have to.  We’ll be able to 
take care of everything.”
	Masato stared at Kiyone expressionlessly for several moments.  
“You of all people,” he finally said, “should know that I have a much 
bigger stake in this than any of you do.  Kiyone, this man killed my 
parents.  He tried to have both my fiancee and my soon-to-be sister killed.  
And God knows who else he’s killed.  He has to be stopped.  And I fully 
intend to be the one who stops him.”
	“Masato, you’re missing my point,” Kiyone said.  “As much as you 
might not want to admit it, you don’t stack up to Hotaro nearly as well as 
Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi do.  If you fight with him, there’s a good 
chance you’ll get hurt.  Maybe worse.”
	“Then you let me worry about that,” Masato replied stoically.  “I 
know you don’t want to see me get hurt, partner, but this is something I’ve 
thought long and hard about.  Alone, I probably can’t beat Hotaro.  But 
with your help, I know we’ll put an end to him for good.  This is 
something I need to be a part of.”
	Kiyone nodded understandingly; there was that tendency of 
Masato’s not to back down from a fight.  “I’ve lost you two times 
already,” Kiyone said as she put a hand on his shoulder.  “I promise I 
won’t let it happen again.  We’ll be there for you, Masato.  We all will.”
	Masato smiled.  “Thanks, partner,” he said.  “We can do this.”
	“Yes, we can,” Kiyone said, returning Masato’s smile.  “If the 
Galaxy Police reconnaissance reports are correct, then Hotaro will be here 
in a few hours.”
	Masato turned to the door to leave.  “Well, then, let’s get ready to 
meet our guest,” he said rather coldly.

	On the balcony, the group stood in silent readiness, awaiting the 
arrival of Hotaro’s ship.  Ayeka stood close to Masato’s side, dressed in 
full battle regalia.  Tenchi and Yosho were dressed similarly.  Masato was 
surprised that Yosho had elected to fight.  Masato wondered what Yosho 
had to gain by fighting Hotaro.
	“He must pay for the crimes he has perpetrated against my people,” 
Yosho had said.  “He is a cancer to Jurai that must be thoroughly wiped 
out.  I shall stand with you until the end.”  Masato did not argue; he was 
happy to have the help of another Juraian swordsman.
	Masato squinted his eyes under the high afternoon sun.  This was 
it.  Ever since Hotaro had sent Kazuhiro to try and kidnap Ayeka, Masato 
knew that, someday, he would have to face Hotaro.  Over the course of 
Masato’s residence at the Masaki household, Hotaro served to fan the 
flames of hatred that burned within him by sending an assassin after 
Sasami, and finally by murdering his own parents.  Through the many 
battles he had fought, Masato had proven time and time again that bad 
things happen to those who would dare cross him.  And, since Hotaro 
decided to make the matter personal, Masato was extremely pissed off.
	Ayeka leaned closer to Masato.  “Remember when I told you that I 
wasn’t worried?” she asked softly.  “Well, I think I am, a little.  I’m 
worried that something horrible might happen to you.”
	“I promise you that this is the last time you’ll ever have to worry 
about me, Ayeka,” Masato assured her.  “I’ve had it with fighting.  This is 
the last time.  But so help me, I’m going to make it count.”
	“That’s right,” Ryoko said enthusiastically.  “That rat bag Hotaro 
doesn’t stand a chance against us!”  From the top of Sasami’s head, Ryo-
ohki meowed in agreement.
	“After this, there’s only you and me,” Masato said warmly to 
Ayeka.  “We’ll get married in a few weeks, raise a family, and live out our 
days in peace.”
	“That’s all I would ever want in the world,” Ayeka replied.
	“Look!” Mihoshi shouted as she pointed her finger skyward.
	Everyone looked up and noticed a glow in the bright sky which 
seemed to get bigger.  Eventually, the outline of a ship could be seen as it 
slowly approached the ground.  The craft finally touched down on the 
lawn, leaving a profound silence to envelop the scene as the engines died.  
Everyone tensed as they made their last mental preparations for the battle 
to come.  Masato clenched his teeth and made a tight fist.
	“He’s here,” Masato said.

To Be Continued...
