Disclaimer:  As much as I would love to take credit for the characters in 
this story, I cannot.  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  “Seal of Approval,” though based on pre-existing characters, 
is the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
Ditto for all original characters found therein.  Now that that’s out of the 
way, enjoy the story!

Note to reader:  Once again, I have omitted a few minor characters for 
simplicity’s sake, because their appearances would not have contributed 
further to content.  Just think of them as hanging around in the background 
somewhere.  I don’t mean to sound too needy, but I haven’t been getting a 
whole lot of e-mails.  If you have something--anything--you would like to 
say to me or ask me, for the love of God go back and click on the 
hyperlink to my e-mail and write to me.  I would appreciate it more than 
words can say.

Seal of Approval

Chapter 1:  Meet the Parents

	“Oh, dear.  Oh, dear,” Ayeka repeated as she made her way to 
Washu’s lab.  She had received some very unwelcome news, and she 
wasn’t sure how to explain it to Masato.  She hoped that Masato would 
understand her position and take it from there.  Still, what on earth could 
he do in the face of such disheartening events?  Not even bothering to 
knock, Ayeka busted noisily into Washu’s lab.  The only place in the 
house that she hadn’t looked was the training program; she was sure that 
he would be there.
	Washu, startled by Ayeka’s entrance, dropped a beaker of 
chemicals she was attempting to measure out.  The beaker shattered on the 
floor, sending an explosion of dust to envelop the pink-haired scientist.  
When the cloud cleared, Washu stood angrily, her face covered in soot.  
She looked as though she had just slid down a chimney.  Washu angrily 
stared Ayeka down.  “Knock next time, do you hear me?!” she bellowed.
	Ayeka was not paying attention.  She flew past her to where 
Masato was training in the arena.  “Masato, I need to speak to you,” she 
said, distressed.  “Something urgent has come up.”
	Masato finished giving a combination of punches to the program, 
then stepped to the side of the arena.  The sensors detected Masato’s 
movements, and automatically shut the program off.  “What is it, Ayeka?” 
Masato asked as he stepped down from the arena.
	“Masato, I think I’ve made a terrible mistake,” she said as she 
wrung her hands.  “The last time I sent a communication to my parents, I 
told them about you.  About us.”
	“And?” Masato asked passively, not certain why that was such a 
big deal.
	“My parents are coming here!” Ayeka said, dread apparent in her 
voice.
	Masato looked quizzically to one side.  “You say that like it’s a bad 
thing,” he said.
	“You don’t know Ayeka’s father,” Washu cut in, wiping her face 
with a damp towel.
	“Right,” Ayeka confirmed.  “He’s very... judgmental.”
	“To put it mildly,” Washu interjected.
	“I’m just not certain that he would--how should I say this--approve 
of you,” Ayeka said carefully.
	“Why would you say that?” Masato asked, scratching the back of 
his head.
	Ayeka sighed heavily.  “For one thing,” she began, “you’re not of 
Jurai royal blood.”
	“Right,” Washu said.  “The only reason why he let her stay here 
with Tenchi in the first place was because he is a member of the royal 
family.  And because...”
	“Because what?” Masato queried.
	“Because Tenchi defeated another member of the royal family in a 
fight,” Ayeka said, her eyes cast to the floor.
	“So you’re saying that I’ll be expected to do the same?” Masato 
asked.
	“Maybe,” Ayeka replied.  “I just don’t know.”
	Masato breathed deeply.  So there would be another fight.  “Well, 
your father’s never met me before,” Masato puzzled.  “I may be one of the 
few people he decides that he likes...”  Ayeka turned her eyes away.  
Masato did not take that as a good sign.
	“I have no doubt that my mother and my aunt will both like you a 
lot.  But my father...” Ayeka trailed off.
	“When are they going to be here?” Masato asked.
	“In three days,” Ayeka said.
	Masato stood in thought for a moment.  “Then I’ll worry about it in 
three days,” he announced nonchalantly as he began to step towards the 
exit.  “Excuse me, I need to wash up before dinner.”
	Ayeka marveled at Masato’s composure as he walked away.  
However, she knew that it would be a whole different story once he met 
the emperor of Jurai.

	Three days came and went without further incident, and soon the 
Masaki residence was abuzz with the expected arrival of Ayeka’s family.  
As the household prepared to receive its royal visitors, Ayeka donned her 
most formal Kimono, as did Sasami.  The well-dressed Ayeka was aghast 
as she saw Masato come down the stairs in a faded polo shirt and jeans.  
“What are you doing?” she hissed.  “Don’t you have anything better to 
wear?”
	Masato inspected his clothes.  “What’s wrong?” he asked 
innocently.
	Ayeka shook her head.  “If my father sees you like that, he’ll have 
a fit!” she shouted.
	Masato sighed.  “Ayeka, you know very well that I’m not out to 
impress anyone.  If he doesn’t like my clothes, then it’s his problem.”
	“It may be both of our problems,” Ayeka replied.  “Please, Masato, 
could you find something a little dressier?”
	Masato thought for a moment.  “If it will make you feel better, I’ll 
change,” he said.
	“Thank you, Masato,” Ayeka said with a small smile.  “It would 
make me feel a lot better.”
	As Masato reselected his wardrobe, the ship of Ayeka’s family 
touched down on the lawn.  Everyone rushed out to greet the royals as they 
emerged from the ship.  Yosho and Funaho bowed to each other.  Misaki 
rushed excitedly from the ship and hugged her daughters tightly, and then 
proceeded to give a forceful hug to everyone else who had come to greet 
them.  In fact, her hug of Ryo-ohki was so intense that the cabbit struggled 
to break free, flailing her arms wildly and meowing.  All the while, Azusa 
stood motionless, inspecting the faces around him.  “Where is this 
Masato?” he asked rather curtly of his eldest daughter.
	“He’s changing right now,” Ayeka reported.  “He will be out 
shortly.”
	Azusa grunted.  This new suitor of Ayeka’s didn’t even have the 
courtesy to greet him with everyone else.  He didn’t like him already.
	Indeed it was not long before Masato emerged from the house, 
wearing a white dress shirt and khaki pants.  The eyes of Azusa, Funaho, 
and Misaki all turned to see who this man was that Ayeka spoke so highly 
of.  Surprisingly, upon initial inspection, he seemed to be quite ordinary.  
Then again, as they all learned with Tenchi, appearances can be deceiving.
	Ayeka met him halfway and hooked her arm around his.  He led 
him first to Misaki.  “I’d like you to meet Masato,” she said to her mother.  
“Masato, this is--”
	“Wait a minute,” Masato halted her, sensing a golden opportunity 
to work up some brownie points.  He leaned his face a little closer to 
Misaki’s.  “I can tell that you two are related,” he said.  He then turned to 
Ayeka.  “Ayeka, you didn’t tell me you had another sister!”
	Misaki’s eyes lit up like Christmas trees.  “Oh, what a polite young 
man!” she said excitedly as she tightly hugged him.
	“He’s good,” Yosho said under his breath.
	“No, Masato,” Ayeka corrected, “Misaki is my mother.”
	“You’re kidding!” Masato shouted, trying his best to sound 
surprised.  When Misaki ceased her embrace of him, Masato looked into 
her eyes.  “Well, I can see where Ayeka’s beauty comes from,” he said.
	Misaki’s eyes brightened even further.  “You’re such a 
sweetheart!” she said as she hugged him again.
	“He’s very good,” Yosho said under his breath.
	After Ayeka pried her mother from Masato, she introduced him to 
Funaho.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you,” he said with a polite bow.
	“Likewise,” she said, returning his bow.  “Ayeka speaks very 
highly of you.”
	“Well, I can assure you that I can’t speak highly enough of her,” 
Masato returned as he flashed Ayeka a glance.  Ayeka blushed slightly, 
uncomfortable with the fact that Masato was flirting with her in front of 
her parents.
	Then came the moment that Ayeka dreaded most.  More out of 
obligation than anything else, Ayeka said, “Masato, I would like you to 
meet my father, the emperor of Jurai.”
	Masato stepped towards Azusa.  “It is an honor, your highness,” he 
said with a dignified bow.
	Azusa did not return Masato’s bow.  He only continued to stare 
disdainfully at him.  “So, you are the one who believes that he can seek my 
daughter’s hand?” he asked scornfully.
	Masato was not sure how to respond.  He deliberated for several 
uncomfortable moments as to what to say.  Finally, he decided on the most 
honest answer he could give.  “Yes,” he said.
	What Masato perceived to be honesty, however, Azusa perceived 
as insolence.  Azusa was taken aback at Masato’s frankness.  He had asked 
that question of several of Ayeka’s suitors on Jurai, and all of them had 
somehow tap-danced around the answer.  Never had he encountered a man 
who was so upfront about his intentions with a member of his family.  The 
more Masato spoke, the less Azusa considered him a viable suitor for his 
daughter.
	Azusa growled at Masato’s response.  Masato swallowed hard as 
he realized the kind of man he was dealing with.  For the first time he 
became afraid, knowing that, just like Kazuhiro, Azusa had the power to 
take Ayeka away from him.

Chapter 2:  A Question of Worth

	Azusa and Masato stared silently at each other for several 
moments.  Azusa tried his best to look intimidating, while Masato 
attempted to seem unintimidated.  Masato was not having nearly as much 
success as Azusa.
	“So, Masato,” Azusa began nonchalantly, “it seems as though my 
daughter has taken quite a shine to you, has she not?”
	“It seems so, yes,” Masato said as he nodded.
	Azusa nodded in return.  “It is for that reason, and that reason 
alone, that I agreed to meet you face-to-face.  Because your worth was 
professed so greatly by Ayeka, I owed you that much.”
	“I appreciate that very much, your highness,” Masato responded.
	“However,” Azusa continued, his voice firm and commanding, “I 
stand by my conviction that you are an unworthy suitor, and do not 
deserve my daughter’s hand.”
	Much to Azusa’s surprise, Masato did not attempt to defend 
himself.  He only continued to look at Azusa with thoughtful eyes.  
Finally, he nodded and said, “Well, you are certainly entitled to your 
opinion.”
	“Your highness, if I may,” Tenchi suddenly spoke up, “I can attest 
to Masato’s feelings for Ayeka.  I can assure you that he loves her very 
much, and has nothing but the best intentions for her.”
	“Intentions are a far cry from actuality,” Azusa replied.  “Masato, 
you are not originally from a noble family, are you?”
	“No, I’m not,” Masato said.  “I grew up here on Earth.”
	“I see,” Azusa said.  “And what exactly is your occupation?”
	“I am formerly a member of the Galaxy Police,” Masato responded 
proudly, thinking that Azusa would undoubtedly look favorably upon one 
with a keen sense of justice.
	“Formerly?” Azusa asked as he raised an eyebrow.
	“Yes,” Masato confirmed.  “There was an incident that occurred, 
forcing me to... resign.”
	“It wasn’t his fault, though,” Kiyone said, coming to the defense of 
her former partner.  “He was wrongfully accused of causing an accident.”
	“That’s right, it was Kazuhiro,” Mihoshi chimed in.
	“Yes, I recall Kazuhiro,” Azusa said.  “From what I understand 
from the police reports, Masato was killed attempting to defeat him.  
Perhaps someone could explain to me why he is standing here now?”
	“I can explain that,” Washu said cheerfully.  “Masato asked me to 
modify the shuttle craft he used, and I did such a good job that he was able 
to survive.  Of course, we didn’t find that out until much later.”
	“That’s right,” Kiyone said.  “When Kazuhiro was coming for us, 
Masato didn’t even flinch.  He hopped in that shuttle and slammed 
headlong into Kazuhiro’s ship.”
	“And you claim that you did this for my daughter?” Azusa asked of 
Masato.
	“And for Kiyone, and for Mihoshi, and for Washu,” he responded.
	“If it wasn’t for what Masato did,” Ayeka said, “I don’t think we 
would have survived.”
	“That’s right,” Sasami interjected.  “And neither would I.”
	“That’s right!” Tenchi said.  “Masato saved Sasami from that 
assassin.”
	“Specter,” Azusa said.  “Funny how nothing about Masato’s 
involvement was placed in the police report.  Kiyone, perhaps you can 
explain that.”
	“I didn’t put him in the report because the Galaxy Police thinks 
he’s dead,” Kiyone said.  “If they knew that he was alive and living here 
on Earth, then they would have arrested him for the accident.”
	Azusa stood in silence, considering all the information that had 
been given to him.  If what was said was true, then Masato was 
responsible for both of his daughters still being alive.  Still, the fact 
remained that Masato was nothing more than a commoner, and for a 
member of the Jurai royal family to marry a commoner was outrageous, 
even if it was his own daughter.  Especially if it was his own daughter.  
“You seem to be quite the fighter, Masato,” he said suggestively.
	Ayeka wrung her hands.  “Here it comes,” she said to herself.
	“When I have to, yes,” Masato said.  “I am formally trained in 
several forms of martial arts.  Plus, I have been learning swordfighting 
techniques with Tenchi and Yosho.”
	“Impressive,” Azusa said, not sounding at all like he was.  “Then 
perhaps you could demonstrate to me just how well you do fight.”
	“Father, please, don’t!” Ayeka shouted.  “Please don’t ask Masato 
to do this!”
	“Ayeka, it is Jurai tradition that I may choose a challenger to match 
up against any potential suitor,” Azusa said firmly.  “If Masato seeks the 
hand of a Jurai princess, then he must abide by our rules and customs.”
	“But Masato cannot defeat the Jurai royal power,” Ayeka insisted.
	“That remains to be seen,” Azusa said.
	“Your highness, I would really prefer not to fight,” Masato said.
	“Do not question my judgment, please,” Azusa said coldly.  
“Masato, from what I understand, you saved the lives of both of my 
daughters.  For that I am eternally grateful.  However, I will not give you 
any preferential treatment.  Especially since you lack any royal 
upbringing.”
	“I do not expect any preferential treatment,” Masato insisted.  “It’s 
just that... I’m tired of fighting.  Ever since I came here, it’s been like I’ve 
been living from one battle to the next.  I don’t want to fight anymore.”
	“I am offering you the same choice that I gave to Tenchi,” Azusa 
explained.  “If you do not fight, then I will forbid you from further 
courting my daughter.  If you accept the challenge, and prove yourself a 
worthy opponent, I will consider you as a valid suitor.”
	Masato breathed deeply.  How many times had he been faced with 
this very same dilemma?  Either fight or lose Ayeka forever.  What choice 
did he have?  “Very well, I accept your terms,” he said harshly.
	“Masato, don’t!” Ayeka begged.  “You won’t be able to beat a 
member of the royal family.  It’s impossible.”
	“I know, Ayeka,” Masato said, turning to face her.  “But I wouldn’t 
be able to live with myself if I didn’t try.”
	“Masato, I’m not worth it,” Ayeka said.  “Please don’t fight.”
	“Ayeka, you are worth everything to me,” Masato replied.  “And it 
looks like I’m going to lose you.  If I have to, though, I’m going to do it on 
my terms.”  Knowing that he would not be able to go on if he lost his 
princess, Masato decided that this battle would be all-or-nothing.  “Azusa, 
I will fight this challenger.  And it will be a fight to the death.”
	Everyone gasped at Masato’s statement.  “For what reason?” 
Azusa asked almost indignantly.
	“Because, if I must lose Ayeka, then I no longer wish to live,” 
Masato said coolly, glaring directly into the emperor’s eyes.
	“Masato, no!” Ayeka shouted.  “Don’t do this!”
	“I must protest, Azusa,” Funaho said frankly.  “It is clear to me that 
Masato cares for Ayeka a great deal.  As well, he has already done so 
much for her.  Couldn’t you reconsider having him go through with this 
fight?”
	“Masato has already accepted the challenge,” Azusa said.  “And he 
has chosen himself to fight to the death.  By his request, that is what shall 
come to pass.”
	“Masato, are you crazy?” Tenchi asked of his friend.  “You can’t 
possibly expect to beat someone who has Jurai royal power, can you?  I 
mean, you’ve seen what power like that can do.”
	“Yes, I have,” Masato said.  “But I have to try.”
	“Father, I beg of you,” Ayeka said, grasping her father tightly by 
the arm, “please don’t let Masato go through with this!”
	“There will be no more discussion!” Azusa thundered.  “I will 
notify the challenger of Masato’s terms.  If he accepts, then they shall fight 
to the death.”
	Masato swallowed hard.  Never before had he felt himself so close 
to death’s door.

Chapter 3:  The Challenger

	Azusa retreated within his ship to send his challenger out.  In the 
meantime, Tenchi, Yosho, and the girls all attempted to talk Masato out of 
his decision.
	“Have you gone nuts?” Ryoko asked frankly.  “Even I know better 
than to get into a life or death fight with Jurai royal power.”
	“Masato, if you fight, you will die,” Yosho said gravely.
	“Masato, please don’t fight!” Sasami pleaded.  Ryo-ohki meowed a 
similar sentiment from the top of Sasami’s head.
	“No, Azusa is right,” Masato said, much to the surprise of 
everyone.  “If I truly care for Ayeka, then I will seek her hand in the 
traditions of her own people.  And if that means fighting, then that’s what 
I’m going to do.”
	“But to the death?” Kiyone asked.  “That doesn’t make any sense, 
Masato.  What you’re doing is complete and utter nonsense!”
	“I know it may seem that way to you,” Masato explained.  “But, 
the simple fact of the matter is that I cannot live without her.  Why do you 
think I was so ready to sacrifice my life when I saved her from Kazuhiro?  
At that point, I knew that, if I didn’t, I would lose her.  I can’t live with 
that.  I’m sorry, but this is the only course of action that makes any sense 
to me.”
	“What about how I feel?” Ayeka shouted.  “How do you think I 
would feel if you were killed?  Do you think I would really be able to live 
with myself?”
	“Ayeka, any way you look at this, we’re never going to see each 
other again,” Masato said firmly.  “If I decline the challenge, then I lose by 
default.  And you said yourself that I cannot win, so the only other option I 
have is to fight and lose.  Either way, you’ll be taken from me.  And, like I 
said, I can’t live without you.  So I won’t.  I’m sorry, but this is a lose-lose 
situation.  And if I have to lose, then it’s going to be on my terms.  If you 
really care about how I feel, then please let me do this.”
	Ayeka struggled to find a response.  As a tear rolled down her 
cheek, she said, “Why, Masato?  Why do you have to be so noble?”
	Masato hugged Ayeka tightly.  “I don’t know,” was all he could 
say.
	Misaki leaned over and whispered to Funaho, “We really have to 
stop this.  If it were up to me, I’d let Ayeka marry whoever she chooses.”
	“As would I,” Funaho concurred.  “There is no dishonor in 
marrying  someone from Earth.  How quickly Azusa forgets that he 
himself has done the same.  Unfortunately, it is out of our hands.  This will 
truly be a tragedy.”
	From behind his wives, Azusa emerged from the ship, with 
another, younger man at his side.  “Masato, your terms have been 
accepted,” he said.  “Your challenger will be Anero.”
	The younger man stepped forward and glared at Masato.  “This is 
my opponent?” he asked flippantly.  “He certainly doesn’t look like 
much.”
	“You would do well not to underestimate Masato, Anero,” Yosho 
said.  “He has proven himself in battle many times before.”
	“I was hoping for a challenge,” Anero said with a smile.  “It 
puzzles me, however, that he should be so eager to die.  But, oh, well; I 
will be more than happy to oblige him.”
	Masato couldn’t help but smirk.  His trash talk reminded him a lot 
of Kazuhiro, and what had happened to him?
	Anero continued with his pompous commentary.  “I will very 
much enjoy teaching this commoner a lesson,” he said.  “I will show you 
what happens when commoners fraternize with those of royal blood.”
	“The only thing you’ve shown me so far is your big, fat mouth!” 
Masato said, attempting to rattle Anero as much as possible.
	“Don’t push me, peasant!” returned Anero hotly.  “Or I will make 
your death excruciatingly painful!”
	“I invite you to try, you pompous son-of-a-bitch!” Masato 
responded as harshly as possible.  “I require one hour to prepare.  Then I 
will face you in battle.”
	“Agreed,” Anero replied without hesitation.  “Enjoy your hour, 
commoner.  For it will be your last!”
	Masato continued to glare at Anero for several moments with the 
meanest face he could muster.  Deep down inside, however, he knew that 
Anero’s prediction was correct.

	Masato sat on a table in Washu’s lab, with everyone else still trying 
to convince him to abandon his insane notion.  No matter how much they 
pleaded, however, Masato stood firm in his decision.  “I know it may seem 
like I’m doing this for no reason,” he said, “but I do indeed have them.  
Thanks for looking out for me, but I want to do this.”
	“Do you really want to die?” Ryoko asked.  “Once you start that 
fight, no one will be there to save you.  You won’t have a chance.”
	“I know that,” Masato said again.  “Sorry, but there’s just no way 
you can get me to back down now.”
	“What if I talk to my father?” Ayeka asked.  “What if I got him to 
recognize you as a viable suitor?  Then, there would be no reason to fight.”
	“Ayeka, you know how much a slave to tradition your father is,” 
Funaho said.  “I don’t think that you will be able to convince him to call 
off the fight.”
	“I wish you could,” Misaki said.  “I’d hate to see any harm come to 
Masato.”
	“I have to try, at least,” Ayeka said.  “For Masato’s sake.  How 
many times has he gone up against impossible odds for me?”
	“I suppose trying wouldn’t hurt,” Funaho speculated.  “Still, your 
father is very stubborn.  You may not be able to convince him.”
	“We’ll see,” Ayeka said as she exited the lab.  “I’ve got something 
that I think he ought to see.”

Chapter 4:  The Final Hour

	After Ayeka exited the lab to plead for Masato’s life, Washu 
suddenly said, “Well, Masato, if you’re really going to go through with 
this, then I have some things that I think may help.”  Her computer console 
appeared before her and, with a few key strokes, a pile of accessories 
materialized on a nearby table.
	“What’s all that?” Tenchi asked.
	Washu held up the first item, which looked like a padded black 
jumpsuit.  “This is body armor,” Washu explained as she tossed the 
vestment to Masato.  “It is made from a super-strong fabric of my own 
creation, making it very lightweight and flexible.”
	Masato hurriedly slipped the armor over his clothes and tested his 
mobility, which he found to be unhindered by the garment.  “I’m not sure 
how this will help me defeat someone who is infinitely more powerful 
than me,” he said gravely.
	“But I was under the impression that you did not wish to win,” 
Funaho said.
	“Believe me,” Masato said to her with a wink, “I will fight to win.  
However, I do not expect to.”
	“The armor will help,” Washu said.  “It can’t altogether shield 
against a power such as Jurai’s, but it will help to take the edge off.”
	“Masato, why are you going through with this?” Ryoko asked 
again, urgency in her tone.  “You’ve got nothing to prove!  You’re going 
to get yourself killed!”
	“Ryoko!” Masato shouted angrily.  “I’ve already explained why 
I’m doing this.  You just don’t understand.  You can’t.”
	“All I have to understand is that you’re getting yourself killed for 
nothing!” Ryoko replied hotly.
	“Not for nothing, Ryoko!” Masato shouted.  “I’ve never made any 
secret of the fact that Ayeka means more to me than life itself.  Put 
yourself in my position, Ryoko.  Suppose someone were to take Tenchi 
from you, and you were faced with the same choice.  What if you knew 
you couldn’t win?  What if the reality of losing the one you love were 
staring you right in the face?  What would you do, Ryoko?  WHAT 
WOULD YOU DO!?”
	Ryoko lowered her eyes.  She did not need to answer.  Everyone in 
the lab knew that Ryoko’s answer sat across from her in body armor, 
glaring at her irritatedly.
	“Believe me,” Masato continued, “I intend to make this fight as 
difficult on Anero as possible.  What else do you have, Washu?”
	Washu tossed Masato a small device which he fit over his wrist 
like a watch.  “That’s a point shield,” Washu stated.  “Activate it, and it 
creates a small energy field that you can use to block.  It provides much 
more protection than the armor, but can’t shield you completely.  If Anero 
attacks at full power, it’ll be toasted.”
	Masato pressed a button, and a patch of energy about one foot 
square framed his hand.  “Good,” he said as he shut the mechanism off.  
“Anything else?”
	The last item that Washu gave to Masato looked like a flashlight.  
“This is an energy sword,” she said.  Masato activated the blade, which 
cast a soft blue glow upon the throng of faces.  “It’s not as strong as 
Tenchi’s,” Washu went on, “but it should get the job done.”
	Masato shut off the blade and placed the sword in his pocket.  
Between the armor, energy shield, and sword, Masato felt like he at least 
had a fighting chance.  At least, for a little while.  “Thank you, Washu,” 
Masato said.
	“Anytime, sport,” Washu said, forcing a smile.  She could not help 
but remind herself that this would be the last time she would ever talk to 
Masato.

	“May I come in, father?” Ayeka asked softly as she stood outside 
her father’s chamber aboard the ship.
	“Very well,” Azusa replied dryly, knowing exactly why his 
daughter wished to speak with him.
	Before Ayeka could speak, Azusa said, “Ayeka, if you are here to 
ask me to stop this fight, I’m afraid that I can’t do that.”
	Instead of replying immediately, Ayeka stared icily at Azusa.  “Do 
you love my mother and my aunt?” she asked of him at length.
	Azusa was surprised at the question.  “Of course I do,” he 
responded.
	“Is that why you married them?” Ayeka asked, her voice 
monotone.
	Azusa thought for a moment.  His answer for that question was not 
so clear-cut; love was a reason why he married them, but not the only 
reason.  “I would not have married them if I didn’t love them,” he finally 
decided to say.
	Ayeka stood staring at her father for several more moments.  
“Father, I love Masato,” she said finally.  “Why are you so opposed to my 
marrying him?”
	“He is not of royal blood,” Azusa responded mechanically.  “You 
are, after all, the crown princess of Jurai.  As first in line to the throne, you 
have an obligation to marry one of the royal family.”
	“An obligation?” Ayeka asked indignantly.  “An obligation to 
whom?”
	“To Jurai tradition,” Azusa replied.
	“To hell with tradition!” Ayeka yelled angrily.  Azusa was about to 
scold his daughter for her tone, but Ayeka continued.  “Masato is a good 
man, and we love each other.  So what if he’s not of royal blood?  For 
heaven’s sake, the man saved my life!  What more does he have to do?  He 
has already shown you how willing he is to die for me.  Why do you insist 
that he goes through with it?”
	“It was his choice to fight to the death,” Azusa reiterated.
	“But this fight was your idea in the first place,” Ayeka pointed 
out.  “You backed him into a corner, and now he thinks that killing 
himself in this stupid fight is the only way out.”
	Azusa shook his head.  He was disappointed in how living on Earth 
had corrupted his daughter’s view of Jurai tradition.  “Why in heaven’s 
name would you fall for a commoner like that, anyway?” he asked more 
under his breath than to Ayeka directly.
	“Because I had no choice!” Ayeka shouted defensively.  “The more 
I got to know him, the more I came to love him.  I had no say in this.  But 
now that I’m in love with him, it’s the most wonderful thing in the world.”
	Azusa sat back in his chair.  “I suppose I understand your feelings 
for him,” he said after a long pause.  “However, the fact remains that he is 
a commoner.  To even be given the same opportunity to prove himself is a 
great privilege.  Perhaps you should start thinking about what would be 
best for the family, and marry one of royal blood.”
	Ayeka suppressed her rage with great effort.  Instead of speaking 
her mind, she merely handed her father a disc she had been holding.  “I 
want you to see this,” she said softly.  “I have kept it for a long time.  So 
far, I am the only one who has seen it.  But I want to show it to you, 
because I think it will prove my point much better than I ever could.”  
Ayeka quietly walked to a nearby player and slid the disc inside.  When 
the contents began to play, the familiar face of Masato appeared on the 
screen.
	The disc contained the message that Masato had recorded for 
Ayeka prior to his battle with Kazuhiro.  During the span of time when 
everyone thought that Masato was dead, she played it every day.  
Subsequently, she had cried every day.  Even now, as Masato spilled his 
heart out over the video screen, a tear rolled down Ayeka’s face.  Every 
time she saw that recording, she was reminded of the gift of life that 
Masato had so selflessly given to her.
	When the recording ended, Azusa did not respond, or so much as 
even move.  He continued to stare at the blank video screen, his chin 
propped upon his hand.  Silently, Ayeka ejected the disc from the player 
and returned it to her grasp.  “I will say no more on the matter,” she said 
matter-of-factly as she glided out of her father’s chamber.

	“Masato, I’m scared,” Sasami said, expressing verbally the 
sentiments of everyone in the laboratory.
	“I am, too,” Masato replied with a smile.  He knelt down and 
placed a hand on Sasami’s shoulder.  “But don’t worry about me.  I’m 
going to try my best.”
	“I don’t want you to die!” Sasami said before tears cut off her 
voice.  She hugged Masato tightly as she began to sob softly.  Ryo-ohki 
hopped onto Masato’s shoulder and began to wail mournfully, tears 
welling in her eyes.  Masato could not reply.  He only returned Sasami’s 
hug.
	“Oh, my poor baby!” Misaki said.  Seeing her daughter’s distress, 
she quickly rushed over and embraced Sasami, and the two began crying 
together.
	Masato stood up and looked over at Funaho.  A look of grave 
concern had overtaken her face.  “I wish there were something I could do 
to help you, Masato,” she said.
	“Tell me about Anero,” Masato requested.
	Funaho straightened up.  “Anero is a member of Jurai’s royal 
family,” she began.  “He is twelfth in line for the throne.  For several 
years, he has been one of Ayeka’s suitors on Jurai.”
	“What about his fighting techniques?” Masato queried.
	“Anero is trained in the traditional form of swordfighting,” Funaho 
stated.
	Masato nodded.  In terms of basic technique, he was confident that 
he was at least as good as--possibly better than--his opponent.  If not for 
that damn power...
	“I can’t believe that this is happening,” Tenchi said, his head 
buried in his hands.  “This is crazy!  No one should be forced to do this.”
	“I agree, Tenchi,” Funaho said.  “However, it is the will of the 
emperor that Masato fight.  Keep in mind, however, that Masato can 
forfeit at any time if he so chooses.”
	Kiyone could only chuckle lightly.  “I’ve never known Masato to 
back down from a fight,” she said.  “Sometimes, I wish you would have 
the good sense to not do that.”
	“Hey, since when have I had good sense?” he asked jokingly, 
forcing a smile.  He would miss Kiyone a lot.  He would miss them all 
very much.  Masato looked down at his watch; his hour was almost up.  
He clutched at the pendant Ayeka had given him, which had been around 
his neck ever since that night after his birthday party.  At this point, it was 
the only thing he had left of her.  “I guess I’d better go out there,” he said.
	“Don’t go, Masato!” Sasami begged as she ran over to hug him 
around the waist.  “I don’t want you to go!”
	Masato’s eyes began to sting.  “I have to, Sasami,” he said.  “I wish 
it hadn’t come to this, but this is something I have to do.”  He gently pried 
Sasami loose from him and removed Ryo-ohki from his shoulder, gingerly 
placing her on the top of Sasami’s head.  He began to make his way 
outside.  Everyone else followed slowly, shuffling their feet and not 
uttering a sound, to see their friend fight his final glorious battle.

Chapter 5:  The Power

	When Masato came back outside, Anero was standing in silent 
waiting at one end of the yard.  Azusa stood off to the side and eyed 
Masato firmly.  He them beckoned for him to face Anero in the clearing.
	As the two faced each other, Masato could clearly see his 
opponent’s stature for the first time.  Masato gave up several inches on 
Anero, and was far less muscular.  Even without Jurai’s power on his side, 
Anero would be a tough opponent to defeat.
	“You both know the conditions of the fight,” Azusa addressed 
them.  “The battle will end when one opponent is killed, or if otherwise 
halted by me.  This will be your last chance to forfeit if either of you do 
not wish to fight to the death.  Will either of you yield?”
	“For the honor of the Jurai royal family, I shall fight,” Anero said.  
“You will regret ever having consorted with the princess, commoner.”
	Masato thought quickly to find a way to intimidate Anero as much 
as he possibly could.  Masato theatrically licked his lips.  “I can taste your 
blood already,” he said menacingly.  The crowd of onlookers were stunned 
at the change that had swept over Masato.  His slight frame did indeed 
present a most imposing figure.  From his neck to his toes he was dressed 
in black, and the padding of the armor gave the illusion of increased 
muscle mass.  His hair fell spikily around his head, but was not long 
enough to shield his eyes, which looked outwards with a cold glare.  Even 
Anero knew that, if he were not endowed with such profound power, he 
would fear the man who stood before him.
	Masato drew his sword and activated the blade with a flick of his 
wrist.  “You do not deserve Ayeka,” he said calmly.  “I will make sure that 
you do not claim her.”
	“It’s out of your hands, now,” Anero said with a wry smile.  
“You’re in over your head, and now you must pay the price.”
	Azusa, confident that neither combatant would back down, said as 
he backed over to the sidelines, “Let the match begin!”
	Not wasting any time, Anero activated his own energy sword and 
nimbly lunged at Masato.  Masato easily blocked the blow, as well as the 
subsequent blows that Anero delivered in his offensive volley.  As the two 
locked swords, Anero sneered, “I will do you a favor, commoner.  I won’t 
even use my powers to defeat you.”
	“In that case,” Masato replied, “you’re outmatched.”  Masato 
brought his foot into heavy contact with Anero’s legs, sweeping his feet 
out from under him.  Anero fell heavily on his back, and was just able to 
roll out of the way as Masato swiped at him with his sword.  Before Anero 
could regain his footing, Masato was upon him.  With a swift kick, the 
sword was knocked from Anero’s hand, sending it flying several meters 
away.  Not wanting to be hindered, Masato deactivated his sword and 
began the hand-to-hand combat that he knew Anero was not as skilled in.  
Though Anero was able to block most of the punches and kicks delivered 
by Masato, he could not block them all.  Bit by bit, Masato landed several 
blows, and Anero’s frustration grew with every contact.
	Finally, Anero was to the point where enough hits had landed to 
impair his balance.  Sensing his opponent’s weakness, Masato delivered a 
combination that sent Anero reeling.  Not satisfied that Anero was still on 
his feet, Masato leapt high into the air and spun his foot around, bringing it 
forcefully into the side of Anero’s head.  Anero seemed to pirouette in 
midair at the force of the blow, and again landed heavily on his back.  The 
spectators were amazed at how well Masato was doing.  Perhaps Anero 
was not as invincible an opponent as was first believed.
	Anero sat up, a thin trickle of blood flowing from the corner of his 
mouth.  Masato stood a few meters away in a ready position.  As Anero 
regained his footing, Masato again activated his energy sword and lunged 
at Anero.  Everyone felt as though Masato had surprised Anero with his 
strength, and was able to overpower him before he could use his full 
power.  However, everyone’s hopes were dashed as an energy shield 
materialized around Anero before Masato’s blade made contact.
	Masato stood frozen, his sword pressed against the green wall of 
energy.  “I thought you said you wouldn’t use your power,” he said 
indignantly.
	“I will not be beaten by a commoner!” Anero shouted angrily.  “No 
one makes a fool of me!”  Anero brought his fist forward and slammed it 
into Masato’s midsection, sending him sprawling and gasping for air.
	As Masato knelt to recover his breath, Anero powered an energy 
blast in his palm and raised it above his head.  “Your time is over, 
commoner!” he said disdainfully.  The onlookers gasped, praying that 
some miracle would save their friend.  Alas, none came as Anero sent the 
blast straight at Masato.
	Masato was barely able to activate the point shield in time to cover 
his face.  The energy blast hit Masato with an amazing force, and he could 
feel his body lose contact with the ground.  The energy itself was like a 
giant ember which burned everything it touched.  Masato could feel 
Anero’s energy eat through the armor and begin to crisp the skin 
underneath.  The point shield flickered and died as the energy blast 
wrought its final damage, finally to dissipate, leaving Masato in a heap 
several meters away.
	“Well, that was easy enough,” Anero said dismissively.
	The crowd of spectators could not find words.  Had they just 
witnessed what they had feared for the past hour?  Was the motionless 
form on the ground really their fallen friend?  Had it really happened?  
Was Masato dead?
	Anero turned to face Azusa.  “I hope, excellency,” he said, “that 
my victory was satisfactory in your eyes.”  Anero gave a bow.
	Before Azusa could declare Anero the winner, Mihoshi shouted, 
“Look!”  Anero and Azusa both saw the blonde pointing at Masato, who 
had begun to move.  Slowly, Masato pushed himself off the ground.  
Clearly visible were the smoking patches of burned skin where Anero’s 
blast had penetrated the armor.
	Masato was in intense, agonizing pain.  To even move sent tremors 
of agony throughout him.  Nevertheless, he continued to climb to his feet.  
He knew that to stay down upon the ground and feign death would be the 
ultimate capitulation, and he would never dream of giving up on Ayeka.  
So, he gingerly rose to his feet, much to the shock of Anero and Azusa.  
When Masato found his balance, he raised his head up to look at his 
opponent.
	Masato poured every hateful thought into his gaze as he directed 
his eyes at Anero.  He plunged his stare into the man who stood between 
him and Ayeka.  Knowing that he could not possibly win the fight, Masato 
decided to let Anero know just how much he despised him before he died.  
Masato’s eyes seemed to be aflame with hatred, burning like hot coals, 
digging into all whom they passed over.  But they passed over nothing, 
and only locked onto Anero’s eyes.  Anero thought that, if looks could kill, 
he would surely be a dead man.
	Azusa stood in wonder.  The magnitude of Anero’s blast would 
have all but vaporized a normal person.  Still, Masato stood before them, 
very much alive.  Azusa wondered why Masato would have not only 
survived the blast, but also arise to continue the fight.  What was holding 
him up?
	Masato began to march towards Anero slowly.  He tensed his 
muscles, causing cracks to open in his burned flesh, sending blood 
trickling down his body, which added to Masato’s hideously intense 
expression.  As Masato closed in to the trembling Anero, he cocked his 
head back and cut loose with a primordial scream of pain and hatred, 
which chilled the spectators, Azusa, and Anero to the very bone.
	Anero’s shaking hand was raised high above his head, as another 
energy ball formed in it.  “You are only human!” he shouted.  “You can be 
burned.  And that means that you can be killed.  I don’t know how you 
survived my last attack, but you will not survive this one!  Prepare to meet 
your maker!”
	“Enough!” Azusa thundered, as he finally came to terms with the 
force that was keeping Masato on his feet.  “I hereby call an end to this 
battle.”
	“Your majesty, please,” Anero said, the energy still raised high.  
“The terms were to the death.”
	“And if I so choose to end the fight,” Azusa said.  “And it is my 
decision that this fight is over.  I declare it a draw.”
	“A draw!” shouted Anero sharply, the energy in his raised hand 
dissipating.  “That’s preposterous!  He is only a commoner!  There is no 
way that he can be considered my equal!”
	“Do not question me, Anero,” Azusa returned firmly.  “I will not 
tolerate insolence!”
	Anero bowed respectably to his emperor.  “Of course, excellency,” 
he said quietly.  With his pride severely wounded, Anero swiftly made his 
way back onto the ship.
	Seeing that the fight was over, Masato collapsed, finally 
succumbing to the mind-numbing pain that he was experiencing.  The 
spectators all rushed over to aid their friend.  Washu quickly rushed inside, 
and emerged moments later with a small handheld device.  Upon 
activation, it emitted a strange light that Washu passed over Masato’s 
burns.  It felt to Masato as though ice were being rubbed over his wounds.  
Upon looking at his wounds, however, he found them all to be completely 
healed.
	“What did you do?” Masato asked, still a little weak.
	Washu held the device triumphantly over her head.  “It’s an 
invention of mine!” she said proudly.  “It reverses the effects of heat on 
cell structure.”
	Masato smiled.  “Just had it lying around, huh?” he asked as Ryo-
ohki licked his cheek.
	“You’d be surprised at the kind of stuff I’ve got just laying 
around,” Washu replied, returning Masato’s smile.
	Masato stood up and promptly received a hug from just about 
everyone who had watched the fight.  Everyone was glad that there would 
be no need to see blood spilled, and Masato was relieved that his fight was 
over.  He swiftly looked around him and noticed Ayeka’s face 
conspicuously absent from the well-wishers.  “Where is Ayeka?” he asked.
	“She couldn’t bring herself to watch the fight,” Tenchi said.  “The 
last I saw of her she went inside.”  Before Masato could break away from 
the crowd to find Ayeka, Azusa stepped forward.
	Everyone backed away from Masato, and Azusa made his way to 
face him.  He stopped short by several feet and addressed him.  “Masato, 
you have failed to demonstrate that you can defeat an individual of royal 
standing in a fight.”
	“But you called the fight a draw,” Ryoko said.  “What does that 
mean?”
	“It means,” said Azusa, “that even though you are not of royal 
blood, I cannot forbid you from marrying my daughter.”
	Everyone gasped at what was just said.  Most astonished were 
Misaki and Funaho, who did not expect such an uncharacteristic utterance 
from their husband.  “You have changed your mind?” Funaho asked 
carefully.
	“Yes,” he said to his wife.  He then turned back to Masato.  “You 
fought bravely.  Even though you knew that you did not stand a chance, 
you fought fiercely.  You fought for Ayeka, as I know you will continue to 
do.  How can I prevent such a man from courting my daughter?  I hereby 
recognize you as a valid suitor.”
	Masato was without words, as was everyone else.  “Do you mean 
it?” Masato asked after several moments of dumbfounded silence.
	“Yes,” Azusa said with the widest smile anyone had seen on him in 
a long time.  “Ayeka was right about you; you are a good man, and brave 
beyond comparison.  I would be proud to call you a relative.”
	Masato was again speechless.  Was this the same man that had 
coldly dismissed him as unworthy?  “I... I don’t know what to say,” he 
admitted.
	Azusa pointed to the house.  “Ayeka’s inside,” he said.  “I’m sure 
she’d be glad to see you.”
	Without hesitation, Masato rushed inside the house.

Chapter 6:  Inseparable

	Ayeka sat on the edge of her bed, tears steadily rolling down her 
face, holding the disc with Masato’s long ago message on it.  It was hard 
to believe that she would be losing him again.  It seemed like only 
yesterday that they kissed under the moonlight after the birthday party.  
Ayeka took what little solace she could in the fact that, for just a little 
while, she was completely happy.  But mostly, she cried.
	When the door to her room opened, her tears erupted anew.  She 
was certain that, if she turned her eyes up, she would see Tenchi, or 
Misaki, or someone that had come to tell her that Masato was dead.  So, 
she continued to cry into her hands, hoping that, if she wished it hard 
enough, this terrible day would just go away.
	“Why are you crying?” Masato asked from the doorway.
	Upon hearing the familiar voice, Ayeka turned her moist eyes up to 
meet his.  For a moment, she thought that her mind was playing tricks on 
her.  Perhaps she was so saddened at having lost the one she loved that she 
would see his face on everyone.  But it was indeed Masato who sat down 
beside her and took her hands in his.
	“Masato,” Ayeka whispered.  “Is it you?”
	“Yes,” Masato whispered back.  “In the flesh.”
	Insanely joyous at having her every prayer answered, Ayeka tightly 
wrapped her arms around Masato and kissed him.  The pair remained like 
that for several minutes.  When they finally released each other, Ayeka 
asked, “Does this mean that you won?”
	“Not exactly,” Masato said.  “Your father called it a draw.”
	“A draw?” Ayeka puzzled.  “What does that mean?”
	“I think it means that your father likes me,” Masato said, grinning.
	Ayeka was not sure what Masato meant by that.  “What did he 
say?” she asked.
	“Well, what I got from it,” Masato began, “is that he’d be okay 
with it if we were to get married.”
	“Really?” Ayeka asked, barely able to believe that her father’s 
heart could change like that.  “That’s wonderful news!”
	“Yes, it is,” said Masato as he held Ayeka closer.  “But for the life 
of me, I can’t begin to guess what caused him to change his mind.”
	“I think I can,” Ayeka said as she glanced at where she had laid 
Masato’s message disc.

	“It’s a shame that you cannot stay longer,” Yosho said as Funaho, 
Misaki, and Azusa boarded their ship for home.
	“We must return to our royal duties on Jurai,” Funaho said.  “But 
we will visit again, I promise.”
	“It was wonderful seeing you all again,” Misaki said, as she made 
to give everyone a last goodbye hug.  As she hugged Masato, who had 
changed out of his singed battle armor, she said, “My little girl is lucky to 
have found someone like you.”
	“I feel the same way about her,” Masato said as he hugged Misaki 
back.
	“Promise you’ll invite me to the wedding!” Misaki said loudly.
	Masato blushed, as did Ayeka who stood close by.  “Er, well, of 
course,” was all Masato could say.
	“I guess that means we will be seeing you all soon, after all,” 
Funaho said with a smile.
	From behind Azusa and his wives, the group was surprised to see 
Anero emerge from the ship.  He scarcely made eye contact with anyone as 
he swiftly glided across the lawn, straight at Masato.  Everyone grew a 
little nervous, sensing that Anero may not have been satisfied with the 
outcome of his battle with Masato.  The fears of the group were put to rest, 
however, when Anero stopped short and bowed.
	“Masato,” he began, “never have I seen one fight with such 
courage and intensity in the face of certain death.  Even though your power 
is far less than mine, I will always consider you my most worthy 
opponent.”  Anero bowed again as he finished his discourse.
	Masato was surprised at Anero’s words.  “Thank you,” was all he 
could think to say.  “It means a lot to hear you say that.”
	“Though my approval is a moot point at this time,” Anero 
continued, “I also consider you to be a worthy suitor of the princess.”
	“You know,” Masato said, “at first I thought you were a pompous 
jerk.  But you have also proven yourself to be a grand and noble warrior.  I 
am privileged to have known you.  It was an honor to meet you, Anero.”  
Masato held out his hand.
	Anero grasped the outstretched palm and shook it.  “It was very... 
enlightening to meet you, Masato Kiriyama,” he replied.
	After a final round of goodbyes, the royal visitors boarded their 
craft to begin the long journey home.  Before departing, Azusa approached 
Masato one last time.  Looking him squarely in the eyes, he said, “Take 
care of my daughter.”
	“I promise, sir,” Masato replied, returning Azusa’s stare.
	With those final words, Azusa boarded the ship, and it quickly rose 
up and began its ascent.  Everyone from the Masaki household waved and 
shouted goodbyes until the ship was out of view.  Once again, they felt as 
though everything was back to normal.  Relatively speaking, that is.
	As everyone stood gathered on the lawn, Washu remarked, “Kind 
of ironic, isn’t it?”
	“Ironic?” Tenchi asked.  “Why?”
	Washu giggled.  “Everyone kept talking about Ayeka and Masato 
getting married,” she said.
	“Come to think of it,” Ryoko said, “you’re right.  We don’t know if 
that’s what’s going to happen.”
	“That’s right,” Sasami interjected.  “Ayeka and Masato aren’t 
engaged.”
	“No, we’re not,” Masato said coolly.
	“I guess that is kind of funny,” Mihoshi said.
	“It doesn’t make much sense, does it?” Masato asked.  “I guess 
there’s only one thing left to do.”
	Without saying another word, Masato reached into his pocket and 
pulled out a small black velvet box.  He walked over to where Ayeka 
stood and opened the box towards her.  Inside, Ayeka saw a gold ring with 
a solitary diamond set within it.  Before she could respond, Masato knelt 
before her on one knee.  He turned his eyes to meet hers.  “Princess 
Ayeka,” he said seriously, “will you marry me?”
	Ayeka, with mouth agape, took the ring from its box and slid it on 
her finger.  She tilted it in the sunlight and watched the beams refract and 
glitter.  A wide smile overtook her face as she turned her eyes back to the 
kneeling Masato.  “Yes, yes, a thousand times yes!” she shouted as she 
nearly tackled him to the grass, laughing joyously.
	Mihoshi scratched her head.  “Well, I guess that solves that 
problem,” she said.
	“Congratulations, you two,” Tenchi said, beaming.  “There 
couldn’t be a more perfect couple.”
	“I beg to differ,” said Ryoko as she slid closer to Tenchi’s side.  
“You and I would be the most perfect husband and wife ever.”
	“Not a chance!” Ayeka said as she shot her head up from where 
she lay on the grass next to Masato.  “Lord Tenchi is far too civilized, and 
you are nothing but a criminal!”
	“Ayeka, why do you have to be so mean?” Ryoko asked with false 
emotion.  “Tenchi, why don’t you ask me to marry you so we can prove 
them wrong?”  Ryoko gently wrapped her arms around Tenchi.
	“Well, I don’t know if... I mean I guess... I just... I don’t...” Tenchi 
stammered.
	“Come on, Tenchi,” Ryoko pleaded.  “Masato and Ayeka are 
getting married; why not you and me?  We could make it a double 
wedding.  Ooh, it would be so romantic!”
	“Cut it out, Ryoko,” Tenchi said as he pried himself loose from her 
embrace.
	“Yeah, how about giving him a little breathing room?” Kiyone 
asked.
	“There’s no excuse now, Tenchi,” Ryoko said as she held Tenchi 
close once again, not even bothering to respond to Kiyone’s remark.  
“Ayeka’s engaged.  Now there’s only you and me.  Admit it:  you love 
me.”
	“It’s not a question of love, Ryoko,” Masato interjected.  “Maybe 
Tenchi’s just not ready.”
	“Yeah, what he said,” Tenchi said nervously, grasping for a reason 
why Ryoko should cease her lustful embrace.
	“Hmm,” Ryoko puzzled.  “I guess I never looked at it that way 
before.”
	“Masato, are you suggesting that Tenchi and Ryoko will eventually 
get married?” Ayeka asked.
	“I’ve seen stranger couples,” Masato said with an air of sarcasm.  
“Why, just today, I saw a princess get engaged to a former Galaxy Police 
officer.”
	Ayeka was left speechless.  After having known Masato, she 
recognized that true love could develop where it was least expected.  But 
could an honorable man such as Tenchi ever have such feelings for a 
pirate?  For the first time, Ayeka considered it a distinct possibility.
	Ryoko turned her eyes back on to Tenchi.  “Tenchi,” she cooed, 
“the second you’re ready to marry me, you let me know, okay?”
	“Er, uh... whatever,” Tenchi forced out of his mouth.
	“Remember, the second you’re ready,” Ryoko repeated.  She gave 
Tenchi a quick peck on the cheek and swiftly hovered back to the house.
	“I’m so happy that you’re getting married,” Sasami said with a 
wide smile to the happy couple.  Ryo-ohki meowed in agreement.
	“You know, Sasami,” Masato said, “I’ve always thought of you as 
a little sister.  I guess now you’ll be my sister for real.”
	“And you’ll be my brother!” Sasami stated excitedly.
	“Yes, we’ll be a happy family,” Ayeka said.
	“Any chance that that family might get... bigger?” Washu asked 
suggestively.
	“Well, I... we... we never really talked about that,” Masato said as 
his face reddened.
	“Washu, they haven’t even set a date yet!” Kiyone said.  “Don’t 
rush them.”
	“Right,” Ayeka said softly.  “The second you’re ready.”
	“I’ll... I’ll be sure to let you know,” Masato said, his cheeks the 
color of a radish.
	“Well, I think that this day calls for a celebration,” Yosho said.
	“Right!” Sasami agreed.  “I’m going to make the best dinner ever, 
and we can all celebrate my sister and Masato getting engaged.”  She 
turned on her heels and sprinted inside to begin preparation, Ryo-ohki 
struggling to maintain her perch upon her head as she ran.
	As everyone else rushed into the house at the thought of one of 
Sasami’s extravagant meals, Masato and Ayeka were left sitting on the 
lawn.  Masato sighed and said, “I can’t believe that this is happening to 
me.  It’s more than I ever could have asked for in the world.  Ayeka, thank 
you.  Thank you for loving me.”  He took her hands in his.
	Ayeka smiled sweetly.  “You made it so easy,” she said.  She 
leaned forward and kissed him.
	The pair relished every moment of the kiss.  They had been 
through so much together.  Each trial and tribulation that they had suffered 
through had only made them grow closer together.  Their love had been 
proven to transcend strength, desire, and even death.  And now, as the 
newly engaged Ayeka and Masato embraced on the lawn, they were more 
certain than ever that nothing could tear them apart.
