Disclaimer:  As much as I would love to take credit for the characters in 
this story, I cannot.  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  “If We Must Die” by Claude McKay reprinted from the 
Norton Anthology of American Literature, Fifth Edition, Volume 2, 
copyright 1998 by W. W. Norton & Company, Inc.  “Ayeka’s Eyes,” 
though based on pre-existing characters, is the property of the author and 
may not be reprinted without permission.  Ditto for all original characters 
found therein.  Now that that’s out of the way, enjoy the story!

Note to reader:  This is my first attempt at fan fiction, so please forgive 
any misspellings of places or character names.  I have omitted a few minor 
characters for simplicity’s sake, because their appearances would not have 
contributed further to content.

Ayeka’s Eyes

Chapter 1:  Bounty Hunter

	"So you want to play, huh?" questioned Ryoko of her unknown 
pursuer in the craft behind her.  "Okay, let's go!"
	Ryoko never could have guessed that her evening would end up 
like this.  Her argument with Ayeka was particularly heated that evening at 
dinner, even by their standards.  She decided to take Ryo-ohki for a quick 
spin around the solar system to cool off.  However, her quest for peace 
was cut short when this unknown ship began firing on her.  She easily 
dodged the volley of shots, and turned around quickly for Earth.  But the 
ship persisted, setting off in pursuit.
	"Ryo-ohki, let's get back to Tenchi's now," Ryoko commanded of 
her ship.  "We'll be able to shake this guy once we hit the atmosphere."  
Ryo-ohki meowed assent as she speeded her way to the Masaki residence.
	Once Ryo-ohki broke through the atmosphere, the ship suddenly 
broke off pursuit and headed off in another direction.  "Too bad," said 
Ryoko.  "And I was looking forward to showing this joker a thing or two.  
I guess he's not as stupid as I thought.  Ryo-ohki, you can slow down now, 
and begin our descent."
	Ryo-ohki meowed and began the slow approach to Tenchi's.  
About a mile from the house, the unknown ship appeared directly ahead 
and opened fire.
	"What the..." puzzled Ryoko.  "How the hell did he get here?  He 
must have used Earth's gravity as a slingshot and come back around!  But 
he's way too low.  Is he crazy?"
	Ryo-ohki was easily able to dodge the hail of gunfire and managed 
to return a blast of her own.  The mystery ship dodged the blast, but due to 
its low altitude, it scraped into a hillside, sending a shower of debris 
raining down on the countryside.  Smoking heavily and sliding awkwardly 
toward earth, the wounded ship came down in a cloud of dust and a 
thunderous roar.
	"Yee-haw!" shouted Ryoko triumphantly.  "I bagged us a big one!  
Let's go see who the unlucky stiff is, Ryo-ohki."
	Ryo-ohki gave a self-satisfied "meow" as she approached the crash 
site.
	The debris was thick on the ground, and the heavy perfume of 
burning oil permeated the valley.  Ryoko surveyed the damaged spacecraft.  
She had seen similar wrecks before, and had never known anyone to 
survive them.  Scanning the twisted metal, searching for what she thought 
would be a dismembered corpse, Ryoko was surprised to hear a weak 
groan emanating from the cockpit.  She rushed to the bridge and found a 
man strapped into a chair.  He was badly scraped and bloodied, but very 
much alive.  Ryoko knew that he would not survive without immediate 
medical attention.
	"You deserve to be left here to die," she addressed the 
unresponsive pilot.  "But I guess I should bring you back and get you some 
help.  I guess living with Tenchi has made me a little soft."
	Ryoko unstrapped her injured pursuer from his chair and took him 
swiftly in her arms to the Masaki home.

	Everyone gathered around the cot in Washu's lab on which the 
injured pilot lay.  Washu worked feverishly to prepare all the medical 
equipment she would need to help this unfortunate individual.
	"Can you help him, Washu?" asked Sasami in a concerned tone.
	Washu thought for a moment.  "It's a miracle that he survived the 
crash at all," she admitted.  "We'll need another one if he's going to pull 
through."
	"I hope he'll be alright," said Sasami, the worry evident on her face.
	"Hey, who's side are you on!" broke in Ryoko.  "He did try to kill 
me, you know."
	"Well, then, he obviously has a sense of justice," remarked Ayeka 
coolly.
	"What do you mean by that?" questioned Ryoko sharply, turning to 
face the princess.
	"I'm only saying that, if anyone deserves to be shot out of the sky, 
it's you," returned Ayeka icily.
	"You take that back!" shouted Ryoko, anger burning in her eyes.
	"Hey, you two, can you cut it out?" pleaded Tenchi, stepping 
between the two of them.  "It's your arguing that got us in this mess in the 
first place."
	"So you say you have no idea who he is?" asked Yosho of Ryoko.
	Ryoko took another look at the man.  "Never seen him before," she 
confirmed.  "He popped up out of nowhere and just started blasting at me."
	Kiyone stepped forward and bent down to get a look at the man's 
face.  "There's something familiar about him..." she remarked.
	"Kiyone, take a look at this," said Mihoshi, pointing to the 
holstered weapon on the man's hip.
	"That's a Galaxy Police-issue blaster," Kiyone said, upon 
identifying his sidearm.  "He couldn't have one of those unless..."  
Suddenly, a look of horror crossed her face as she recognized the man.  
"Oh my God!" she burst out.  "Masato!"
	"Who?" asked the procession almost in unison.
	"His name is Masato Kiriyama," began Kiyone.  "He was my first 
partner after I graduated from the police academy."
	"So you know him?" asked Tenchi.
	"Yes," Kiyone continued.  "He was a good friend to me.  Even after 
he was promoted ahead of me, he still requested me as his partner on a lot 
of cases.  But two years ago, he was involved in an accident that killed 
five officers.  Internal affairs somehow thought he was responsible, and he 
was to be tried in court.  Before the trial, however, he hijacked an 
impounded ship and ran off.  He's one of the Galaxy Police's most 
wanted."
	"Wow," marveled Mihoshi.  "So he was your partner before me?"
	"Yes," Kiyone confirmed.  "But that was a long time ago."
	"But what was he doing chasing you, Ryoko?" asked Sasami.
	"I'm not sure," Ryoko said.  "I'll guess we'll have to ask him when 
he comes to."
	"If he comes to," added Washu gravely.
	"Oh, he'll come to," Ryoko reassured her.  "Someone who gives me 
the runaround like that can't possibly go down that easily."

	True to Ryoko's prediction, about a week later Washu was startled 
from one of her many projects when Masato not only came to, but 
rocketed up off the cot with a loud shout.  Washu wheeled around to face 
him as his hand reflexively went to his holster.  Upon finding his weapon 
missing, he tensed and demanded in a harsh tone, "Where am I?  Who are 
you?  How did I get here?"
	"Relax," said Washu in a soothing voice.  "You're safe.  My name 
is Washu, and this is my laboratory."
	Masato looked puzzled.  "But how did I... Ryoko!  Where is she?" 
he demanded.
	"Ryoko is the one that brought you back," said Washu.  "If not for 
her, you'd be a goner for sure."
	Masato looked even more surprised.  "Ryoko?  But why--aah!" he 
shrieked as a sharp pain in his side sent him doubled over onto the floor.
	Washu rushed to help.  "You shouldn't be up," she said, helping 
Masato back onto the cot.  "You're still hurt.  It will be a while before 
you're a hundred percent.  Take it easy and rest."  Washu realized that her 
plea was a mute point; Masato's eyes were already closed in a deep sleep.

Chapter 2:  Partners

	Over the proceeding weeks, Masato's condition improved greatly.  
And it was not long before he received his first visitor.  He was 
particularly surprised to see Kiyone.  "Remember me?" she had asked him.
	"How could I forget?" Masato returned.  "How've you been?"
	"I've been okay," she said.  "Can I ask you something?  Why were 
you chasing after Ryoko?"
	Masato sat up a bit straighter in his cot.  "I was hoping to catch her 
and collect the money that's on her head," he revealed.  "I make most of 
my living as a bounty hunter these days."
	"Why did you run, after the accident?" Kiyone asked.  "Why didn't 
you defend yourself?  A lot of people would have stood up for you.  I 
would have."
	"I know that, I know," Masato said with a smile.  "But that 
wouldn't have done any good, believe me.  All the right people knew I was 
guilty, so for all intents and purposes, I was.  Running was the only way to 
save myself.  And your career."
	"My career?" Kiyone said with a start.
	"You had to have known," Masato explained, "that, if I had been 
convicted, internal affairs would have turned its attention to you.  After 
requesting you as my partner so many times, they invariably would have 
thought something was going on between you and me.  As long as they 
can't prove anything, you're safe.  By running, I saved my ass and your 
future in one shot."
	"What happened back there?" Kiyone asked.  "What made them 
think you did it?
	"I guess because I was the only one that survived," mused Masato.  
"They were looking for someone to blame.  But I didn't do anything.  You 
have to believe that.  I swear on my mother."  Masato grasped Kiyone's 
hand and stared intently into her eyes as he said these words.
	Kiyone knew her former partner to be a good and honest man.  "If 
you say you didn't do it," she said, returning his gaze, "then that's enough 
for me."
	"That's why I always asked you to be my partner, Kiyone," Masato 
said with a smile.  "You always believed in me."

	Curious as to the condition of the man she had laid up for several 
weeks, Ryoko decided to pay Masato a visit.  Upon entering the makeshift 
infirmary in Washu's lab, Ryoko was surprised to see him on his feet 
shadowboxing.  His cuts had all healed, and there was little evidence of 
any bruises he may have had.  He moved swiftly, rhythmically, delivering 
a series of punishing combinations to the shapeless opponent on the wall.  
To see a man doing so well after such a horrible crash was nothing short of 
miraculous.
	"Well, I see you're doing much better," Ryoko addressed him.
	"I've certainly had worse days," Masato responded, then giving a 
stiff roundhouse to his shadow.  He sat down on the edge of the cot.  "I 
suppose I should thank you for saving me back there.  I guess I owe you 
my life."
	"Don't mention it," Ryoko said.  "Besides, Washu did most of the 
work."
	"I'm just not sure why you put yourself out for me like that," 
Masato said.  "It would have been so much easier to leave me for dead."
	Ryoko gave a wide grin.  "Well, if there's one thing I've learned 
since landing here," she said, "It's that everyone deserves a second 
chance."
	Now it was Masato's turn to grin.  "Thanks for the gesture," he 
began, "but I'm afraid I'm a lost cause.  Nothing changes the fact that I 
have to spend my life on the run.  I am wanted, you know."
	"So am I," Ryoko said.  "But I never let that get me down.  Besides, 
the Galaxy Police couldn't find their own asses if they had a map and a 
mirror."
	Masato wasn't sure if Ryoko meant what she said, or if she was just 
trying to get a rise out of him.  But, drawing from his experiences in the 
department, he knew that she was mostly right.  "Well," he said slowly, "In 
my case, they certainly couldn't tell an innocent man from a guilty one."
	"What do you mean?" asked Ryoko inquisitively.
	"Well, I'm assuming that you actually committed most of the 
crimes you're wanted for, right?" Masato asked.  Ryoko could only nod in 
agreement.  "Well, I wasn't responsible for what they think I did."
	"You mean that accident two years ago?" Ryoko asked.
	"Right," Masato confirmed.
	"What did happen, then?" asked Ryoko.
	Masato thought for a moment.  "We were tracking a bounty hunter 
named Kazuhiro.  We wanted him in connection with a murder.  Anyway, 
there were six of us on the ship, and we finally caught up with him."
	"I can only assume that he resisted arrest," interjected Ryoko.
	"In the worst way," said Masato with a nod.  "He really put up a 
good fight, but we were eventually able to subdue his ship.  We had it in 
tow and were heading back to the station when something happened.  I 
don't know if it was a mechanical failure or what, but a power surge shut 
down the engines and the bridge controls.  I went to the docking bay where 
the manual switch for the auxiliary power was, hoping to restore power to 
the bridge.  All of a sudden, there was an explosion from the engine room.  
Without thinking I jumped into one of the drop ships we keep in the 
docking bay and sped off, just before the ship was engulfed in the 
explosion.  Needless to say, all of the other officers were killed, and 
Kazuhiro escaped."
	"So you have no idea what happened?" asked Ryoko.
	"No," sighed Masato.  "I wish I did.  Then, I wouldn't be one of the 
Galaxy Police's ten most wanted."
	Before Ryoko could respond to the plight of their newest house 
guest, Washu barged in with a chart.  "I've been going over the tests I ran 
on you," she said, "and from what I can see you're in nearly perfect shape.  
It seems you're free to go."
	"Great," said Masato.  "But I'm afraid you're wrong.  Without a 
ship, I'm not free to go anywhere."
	"Don't worry about that," said Ryoko.  "I have a feeling that won't 
be a problem."
	"What do you mean?" asked Masato, a confused look on his face.
	"Come on," Ryoko said with a wink, "There are a few people you 
should meet."

Chapter 3:  A New Housemate

	That evening at the dinner table Masato met the members of the 
Masaki household.  Tenchi and Yosho agreed that Masato could stay as 
long as he wanted, just so long as he helped with the upkeep of the house.
	"So Masato," Tenchi had said, "Tell us about yourself."
	"Not really much to tell," he responded, "apart from what I'm sure 
Kiyone has told you all.  I've spent the last couple of years scraping a 
living out of being a bounty hunter.  Ryoko would have set me up nicely 
for quite some time, but I guess she was just a bit more than I could 
handle," he added with a wink.
	"Well, I am too much for most people to handle," Ryoko said, 
glancing at Tenchi seductively.
	As was her custom in such situations, Ayeka cut in.  "So," she said, 
struggling to find a topic, "do you have any hobbies?"
	"Well, I do like to draw," confessed Masato.  "And I'm a big fan of 
poetry."
	"Do you have a favorite poem?" asked Sasami.  Kiyone chuckled 
and sat back in her chair.  Even after four years, she hadn't forgotten 
Masato's invariable response to such a question.  True to his past, Masato 
began his recitation:

	"If we must die, let it not be like hogs
	Hunted and penned in an inglorious spot,
	While round us bark the mad and hungry dogs,
	Making their mock at our accursed lot.
	If we must die, O let us nobly die,
	So that our precious blood may not be shed
	In vain; then, even the monsters we defy
	Shall be constrained to honor us though dead!"

Masato slammed his hand on the table, causing the plates to jump.  He 
continued with his discourse, his voice growing stronger with each line.

	"O kinsmen!  We must meet the common foe!
	Though far outnumbered let us show us brave,
	And for their thousand blows deal one deathblow!
	What though before us lies the open grave?
	Like men we'll face the murderous, cowardly pack,
	Pressed to the wall, dying, but fighting back!"

	Everyone was silent, staring back at Masato with wide eyes and 
gaping mouths.  Except for Kiyone, who sat smiling, thinking that he 
hadn't changed in two years.
	"That was... really good," Mihoshi finally broke the silence.
	"Yes, very... intense," Tenchi added.
	"Claude McKay," said Masato, identifying the author.  "That's the 
only poem of his I ever liked.  To this day it is my absolute favorite."
	"Well, I guess I should start on the dishes," Sasami said, beginning 
to carry a few plates to the kitchen.
	"I'll give you a hand," said Masato.  "After all, I do have to start 
pulling my weight around here, huh?"  He smiled at Yosho.
	"Yes, no more taking it easy and being waited on hand and foot by 
Washu," Yosho replied sarcastically.
	Sasami and Masato adjourned to the kitchen to begin washing up.  
The others remained at the table.
	"He's the same guy from the department, I swear," said Kiyone.  
"He hasn't changed at all."
	"So tell me, Kiyone," said Ryoko with a mischievous grin, "He was 
your partner, right?  Just how close did the two of you get?"
	"Ryoko!" Kiyone scolded.
	"Well, he is kind of handsome," Ryoko trailed off.  "I can 
understand how a young, impressionable officer like yourself may be 
overcome--"
	"Please!" Kiyone cut her off.  "We were friends.  That's it."
	"Wow," said Mihoshi.  "I just find it hard to believe that you had a 
partner before me.  I mean, we work so well together.  He certainly 
couldn't have been as good a partner as me, right?"
	"You have no idea," mumbled Kiyone under her breath.
	"What?" asked Mihoshi.
	"Nothing," returned Kiyone.

	"So Ayeka is your sister," mused Masato as he dried a plate, "and 
you are both princesses of the planet Jurai?"
	"That's right," said Sasami as she scrubbed furiously.  "And we all 
came here, and Tenchi let us all live with him."
	"So you've got two police officers," Masato listed, "a space pirate, 
a scientist, and two Jurai princesses all under one roof?"
	"Yep!" said Sasami cheerfully.
	"And everyone is okay with this?" Masato puzzled.
	"You bet!" replied Sasami.  "We're all happy here living with 
Tenchi."
	"Six women in the same house," marveled Masato.  "I hope Tenchi 
realizes just how lucky he is."
	"So tell me about where you live," said Sasami curiously.
	Masato smiled in a knee-jerk reaction to Sasami's naivety.  "Right 
now, I don't actually live anywhere," he said.  "I stay on the move mostly."
	"But you came from somewhere, right?" asked Sasami.  "Tell me 
about where you came from."
	Masato thought for a moment.  It had been so long since anyone 
had asked him a question like that.  "I grew up in the country," Masato 
began.  "My mother and father and brother and I lived in a small house 
near a stream.  To be honest, I don't remember much about my childhood, 
except that I was very happy.  My parents made sure I was well taken care 
of, and my brother and I played all the time.  I guess what I remember 
most is the color of the leaves on the hillside during fall.  The colors were 
so fiery and vibrant, and the breeze through the trees rustled the leaves at 
night.  I can remember lying in bed at nights, listening to the wind through 
those leaves, and feeling completely calm and at ease."
	"So, where is your family now?" queried Sasami.
	"My parents moved after I started running.  My brother..." Masato 
seemed to be gathering himself.  He put his hand over his face.  "He's 
gone."
	"Gone?" asked Sasami.  "Gone where."
	"He's dead" said Masato.  Sasami gasped.  "We were at a fair, and 
he somehow got separated from us," he explained.  "We looked for him for 
months.  He was finally found..."  Masato caught himself in a sob.  His 
face went deeper into his hand.  "I'm sorry," he said, trying to compose 
himself.  "I shouldn't be laying all of this on you."
	"No, it's okay," said Sasami, taking Masato's other hand.  "It must 
be hard for you."
	"It is," said Masato.  "It's the reason I became a cop in the first 
place.  I wanted to make sure nothing like that ever happened to anyone 
else.  I wanted to spare someone else the pain of going through what my 
family went through.  Now even that hope is shattered."
	"Don't worry, Masato," Sasami comforted him, gripping his hand 
more tightly.  "Everything is going to be okay.  Things will work out, I 
know it.  Besides, you can stay with us as long as you want."
	"Thank you," said Masato, bringing his hand down from his face.  
"I certainly hope you're right.  And I hope that one day I can repay all your 
kindness."
	Sasami smiled.  "You don't need to do that," she reassured him.  
She released his hand.  "Now I've got to get an early start on the day 
tomorrow, or I won't be able to cook breakfast for everyone."
	"Wait a minute," said Masato, "you cook all the meals here?  And 
you wash up?"
	"Yep!" said Sasami jauntily as she made her way upstairs.
	Masato was dumbfounded as he watched Sasami gallop up the 
staircase.  Weren't there child labor laws anymore?

	The next morning, upon entering the kitchen, Sasami was surprised 
to see Masato already awake, busily working in a sketchbook.  Ryo-ohki 
was on the table in front of him, scratching her ear.
	"Come on, Ryo-ohki, hold still," Masato pleaded.  "If you keep 
moving around, I'll never get this done."  Ryo-ohki meowed in an 
exasperated tone.
	"Didn't I promise you a bunch of carrots if you helped me with 
this?" reminded Masato to his model.  "Just a little bit more; I'm almost 
done, here."
	"Are you drawing Ryo-ohki?" asked Sasami.
	"Well, I'm trying," replied Masato, as Ryo-ohki resumed her 
former position.
	"Can I see?" queried Sasami anxiously.
	Masato dropped his pencil and showed the sketch to Sasami.  
Though the drawing was not finished, the resemblance to Ryo-ohki was 
uncanny.  It was almost a perfect rendering.  "Wow!" said Sasami, 
genuinely impressed.  "That's really great!"
	"Thanks," Masato replied.  "I took this up while I was in school.  
Never had one lesson."
	Sasami and Masato both then heard a yawn behind them, and 
turned around to face the recently awakened Ayeka.  "Good morning 
Ayeka!" Sasami cheerfully called to her sister.
	"Good morning," Ayeka replied.  She then spied the pencil sketch 
in Masato's hand.  "Did you make that?" she asked.  "It's very good."
	"Er, yes, thank you," said Masato.
	Ayeka took a seat at the table.  She then realized with a start that 
Masato hadn't taken his eyes off her since she walked in.  "Why are you 
staring at me?" she inquired gently.
	Masato looked as though he had just awakened from a dream.  
"Huh?" he blurted.  "Oh!  Was I staring?  I'm sorry.  I must not be 
completely awake yet."  He then turned his attention intently to his sketch.  
Still, periodically, his eyes nervously turned upwards to meet Ayeka's for a 
moment.  Then, just as quickly, they were once again upon his project.  
Ryo-ohki, sensing that she was no longer the focus of Masato's thoughts at 
the moment, meowed impatiently.
	"Okay, Ryo-ohki, that'll be enough for now," said Masato, 
dropping his pencil and sketch pad on the table.  "Thanks for your help."  
Masato then ambled to the cupboard where he withdrew a handful of 
carrots, and ceremoniously laid them in front of an appreciative Ryo-ohki.  
She meowed excitedly and proceeded to devour her payment none too 
delicately.
	"Breakfast will be ready in about twenty minutes," reported 
Sasami, who had already begun preparing the meal.
	"I guess I should go and wash up," said Masato.  He glanced again 
at Ayeka, and almost nervously departed the kitchen.
	Ayeka was puzzled.  "Have you noticed Masato acting a little 
strange?" asked she of her sister.
	"Uh, not really," replied Sasami.
	Ayeka shook her head.  Was she the only person to see Masato's 
odd behavior?

	That evening before dinner, his allotted chores having been 
completed, Masato took a stroll around the property.  The sky was clear 
and the sun was warm; a perfect day for a walk.  In the distance, he could 
hear a sort of clacking sound.  He decided to investigate.  Upon drawing 
closer to the origin of the sounds, he could distinguish also a series of 
grunts and shouts.  He followed the sounds further, and eventually came 
upon two figures who appeared to be locked in a sword fight.  Upon closer 
observation, he could recognize the two as Tenchi and Yosho.
	Masato continued to observe the pair from afar.  The fight was 
intense, and it appeared that Tenchi was putting forth most of the effort.  
Despite his punishing barrages, Yosho easily defended.  Finally, almost in 
a display of impatience, Yosho's sword came down heavily upon Tenchi's, 
knocking it from his grasp.  As Tenchi retrieved his sword, Yosho 
remarked, "That's five in a row, Tenchi.  Perhaps we need a bit more 
practice, eh?"
	"Sorry about that, Grandpa," said Tenchi timidly.  Tenchi then 
spied Masato at his observation point.  "Masato!  What are you doing 
here?"
	Masato came up from his crouched position.  "I was drawn by the 
sounds of battle," he said theatrically.  "I wasn't aware that you were a 
swordsman, Tenchi."
	"Tenchi began training at a very early age," remarked Yosho.  "He 
has become quite good."
	"You're right about that," admitted Masato.  "But I did notice, 
Tenchi, that when you block high your arms go out too far, and leave your 
midsection wide open.  If you keep your arms close, you present a smaller 
target, plus you can recover quicker."
	Yosho raised an eyebrow.  "You can use a sword?" he asked.
	"More or less," Masato replied, conveying an air of modesty.  He 
was, in fact, very good.  As with sketching, he had been self-taught.
	Yosho approached Masato, and handed him his wooden sword.  
"Show Tenchi what he's doing wrong, then," he requested.
	Masato took the sword and stood to face Tenchi in the center of the 
clearing.  Each stood in a ready position, staring each other down intently.  
With a surprising burst of speed, Tenchi began his attack.  His blows were 
well-placed, but somewhat predictable, and easily blocked.  Sensing that 
Masato had him figured, Tenchi increased his attack speed.  Masato had a 
surprisingly difficult time defending against such a rapid barrage, but 
ultimately held his ground.  As Tenchi made a lunge, Masato spun around 
to the side and made to make a blow down upon Tenchi from above.  True 
to his style, Tenchi recovered and faced him, bringing his sword up high 
for the block.  Masato once again spun, bringing his sword low and, none 
too gently, slapping the flat of his blade into Tenchi's midsection.
	"You see?" said Masato as Tenchi stood frozen in defeat.  "Your 
midsection is wide open."
	"Not bad," remarked Yosho, who had been observing the spar.  
"Now lets see how good you really are..."
	Yosho took Tenchi's sword and stood to face Masato.  For what 
seemed like several minutes, the two stared at each other in absolute 
silence.  Finally, Yosho surprised Masato by breaking the silence with a 
loud yell and a blazing attack.
	Masato had to fight with everything he had to merely stay on his 
feet.  Yosho's attacks were similar to Tenchi's, but they were much more 
rhythmic and swift.  Inviting Masato to go on the offensive with a flex if his 
finger, Yosho found that Masato's offensive strategy was erratic, making 
defense a true chore.  However, due to his experience and formal skills, 
Yosho prevailed in preventing Masato from landing a hit.
	As Masato struggled to penetrate Yosho's defenses with his 
offensive strike, his attention was completely shifted to Ayeka, who stood 
observing a short distance away.  As he made eye contact with her, Yosho 
brought the hilt of his sword heavily upon the top of Masato's head.
	"YEE-OUCH!" shrieked Masato as he fell to his knees, clutching 
the top of his head gingerly.
	"Thank you, Ayeka, for distracting him for me," Yosho said 
jokingly.  He held a hand down to his fallen opponent to help him up.  "A 
bit easily distracted, aren't we?" he queried.
	"Lucky shot!" returned Masato sheepishly as he grasped Yosho's 
hand and stood.  "You're the best sword fighter I've ever seen."
	"Are you alright?" asked Ayeka of Masato.
	"I, uh... I'll be okay," Masato half said, half stammered.
	"I just came to say that dinner will be ready shortly," Ayeka 
continued.
	"Very well," said Yosho.  "Let's call it a day, Tenchi.  We'll 
continue training tomorrow."
	"Okay, Grandpa," returned Tenchi, who began to march toward the 
house.  Ayeka galloped to catch up with him, and the two walked side-by-
side.  Masato stood back and watched the pair exit the clearing together.  
"Tenchi and Ayeka," he mumbled dejectedly.  "It figures."

Chapter 4:  Confession

	A week later Tenchi found himself in the carrot garden tending to 
the crop.  He took a short break to enjoy the lunch that Sasami had 
generously packed for him.  As he sat and ate in the warm sun, Ayeka 
made her way into the garden.  "Hello, Tenchi," she said, her voice almost 
as warm as the sun.
	"Hello, Ayeka," returned Tenchi between bites.  "Did you finish 
your chores early?"
	"Yes," she said, "and it's such a beautiful day that I thought I would 
share it with you."  She sat beside Tenchi smiling, and was about to reach 
for his hand when Ryoko appeared, simultaneously shoving Ayeka out of the
 way and wrapping her arms possessively around Tenchi's neck.
	"Tenchi, my darling," she swooned, "why not take the rest of the 
day off and we can go and have some fun!"
	"Get your hands off him, you treacherous snake woman!" shouted 
the displaced princess.  "Tenchi is spending the afternoon with me!"
	"That can't be right," Ryoko returned as she smiled wryly, "because 
I'm sure Tenchi would much rather have fun than be bored to death with 
you."
	"What was that?!" shrieked Ayeka, gnashing her teeth.
	"Besides," continued Ryoko, barely breaking stride with her caustic 
commentary, "you've got a perfectly good suitor now."
	"What on earth are you talking about?" responded Ayeka 
flippantly.
	"I'm talking about Masato," Ryoko said in a cool voice.
	"Masato is in love with Ayeka?" Tenchi asked.
	"What?" queried the princess.  "That's preposterous!"
	"Is it?" asked Ryoko suggestively.  "I've seen you and him together.  
Don't you notice how he can't seem to say anything around you?  The way 
he constantly stops and looks at you?  The way he looks all nervous and 
uncomfortable?  I'm telling you, the boy's crazy about you!  You should go 
shack up with him and leave Tenchi to me."
	"That's preposterous!" Ayeka repeated.  "It's really beneath you to 
make up such lies like that!"
	"I'm not lying," Ryoko said.  "Go ahead and ask him yourself."
	"Alright, I will!" shouted Ayeka.  "Then I will prove once and for 
all that you are a vicious liar!"  Ayeka turned around and began storming 
back to the house.
	Before Ryoko could celebrate driving her off, leaving her alone 
with Tenchi, Ayeka swiftly turned again and shouted, "And keep your 
hands off my Tenchi!"

	Ayeka made her way to the house lost in thought.  She was sure 
Ryoko was lying, trying to drive her away from Tenchi.  However, she was 
beginning to wonder.  Masato did act awfully strange around her, kind of 
the way she acted around Tenchi sometimes.  When asked about the truth, 
Aeka was sure that Masato would chuckle and tell her that she was being 
foolish.  Ayeka was sure that there was nothing to Ryoko's pack of lies.
	She looked around the house.  Masato was nowhere to be found.  
All she found was Masato's foot locker, one of the few items that had been 
saved from his crashed vessel.  A piece of paper was sticking out the side.  
Her inquisitiveness overruling her proper nature, she removed the paper 
and looked at it quizzically.  It was a pencil sketch of her.
	Ayeka was puzzled.  She had never modeled for Masato.  How did 
he manage to draw her so perfectly?  Truly intrigued, she opened the 
locker and found several more drawings.  There was a picture of her by the 
lake, another sweeping the balcony, and even one of her folding laundry.  
There must have been a dozen drawings.  The last one she came to was of 
her facing Masato.  The two were holding hands and gazing into each 
other's eyes.  The pair was surrounded by the outline of a heart.
	"I could never get your eyes right," said a voice behind her.
	Ayeka was startled.  She dropped the sketches and they all tumbled 
to the floor.  She turned and found herself face to face with Masato.
	Neither spoke.  Ayeka stood with mouth agape, hands trembling.  
She stared back into Masato's eyes, which expressed nothing.  He looked 
as though he had just been ruined.
	"So then it is true," said Ayeka, finally breaking the silence.  "You 
are in love with me."
	Masato stood stark still, the blank expression on his face not 
changing.  Finally he broke the silence, motioning for Ayeka to follow him 
out onto the balcony.  "I have some things I need to tell you.”
	Masato took a seat across from Ayeka, and sat looking at the lake 
for quite some time.  Ayeka wondered if he would ever speak.  Finally he 
did, saying, “You’re right, Ayeka.  I do love you.”
	Ayeka was shocked beyond response.  Masato continued, “I don’t 
just love you, in fact.  I’m obsessed with you.  You’re all I think about, day 
in and day out.  Whenever I see you my very heart aches.  I see your face 
every time I close my eyes.  I love you so much I can’t stand it.  I can’t 
think about anything else.”
	Ayeka continued staring at Masato, not believing the words that 
had just come out of his mouth.  They had known each other barely over a 
week; she had no idea that he could harbor such feelings for her.  She 
sighed and dropped her gaze downward, saddened at the prospect of 
delivering her unavoidable response.
	Masato did not take this as a good sign.  “I’m sorry,” he said softly, 
“I didn’t mean to offend you.”
	“It’s not that,” Ayeka assured him.  “It’s just that, well...”  Ayeka 
decided to start over.  “Masato, since you first arrived here I have grown to 
care about you a great deal.  I look upon you as someone I can trust, and 
someone I respect.  And I am beyond flattered that you feel this way about 
me.  But, the truth is that our love cannot exist.”
	Masato did not react.  He continued to listen, his chin propped on 
his folded hands.  Ayeka continued, “You see, Tenchi and I, we were... 
destined to be together.  I am certain of that.  He is the only one that I 
could possibly be in love with.  So, while I care about you greatly, I cannot 
possibly feel the same way about you that you feel about me.  I hope you 
understand, Masato.”
	Masato still did not move.  His eyes once again took on a blank 
look.  “I appreciate your honesty,” he said slowly.
	“You have to understand, Masato,” added Ayeka earnestly, “I don’t 
mean to hurt you.  It pains me to have to say this to you.”
	Masato managed a weak smile.  “It’s okay,” he said.  “I 
understand.”
	Ayeka smiled at this.  “I’m glad you’re taking this so well,” she 
said.
	The smile vanished from Masato’s face.  “I’m not taking it well,” 
he said weakly.  “It’s all I can do to keep from bursting into tears.”
	“Masato, I’m sorry,” Ayeka said, “I really am.”
	Masato stood up and once again gazed into Ayeka’s eyes.  “I will 
always feel this way about you,” he said.  “Nothing can change that.”
	“I know,” Ayeka said, a tear rolling down her cheek.  “It hurts me 
to have to tell you all this.”
	Masato stood in thought for a moment.  “You know,” he began in a 
much lighter tone, “if it were anyone else but Tenchi, I would be insanely 
jealous.  I might even do something I would regret.  But Tenchi is a good 
man, and I must admit that you do deserve each other.  I can tell that he 
cares about you, as much as or more than I do.  And if destiny has decreed 
that you two are to be together, who am I to stand in your way?”  Masato 
managed a smile.
	Ayeka returned his smile.  “Oh, thank goodness,” she said.
	“Just know that, no matter what your decision is, I understand,” 
said Masato.
	“Masato, thank you so much!” cried Ayeka, wrapping her arms 
around him for a hug.  “You’re a wonderful person!”
	“Don’t mention it,” said Masato, barely able to keep his tears from 
choking off his words.

Chapter 5:  Past Made Present

	Several weeks later saw the arrival of another strange ship, its pilot 
not nearly as deserving of a warm reception as the previous one.  The craft 
touched down on the shore of the lake, and the Masaki household at once 
rushed to see who had alighted on the fresh-cut grass.  “What is going 
on?” shouted Tenchi.
	Masato stood beside him, watching just as intently.  “I think I 
recognize that ship,” he said.  “This is not good...”
	The main doors of the ship opened to reveal a strikingly tall figure 
stepping down onto the lawn.  Masato recognized him immediately.  He 
said his name with bitterness.  “Kazuhiro.”
	Kazuhiro smiled.  “So, you remember me.  I’m flattered,” he said.  
“I was sure the Galaxy Police would have caught up with you by now.  I 
guess they really are incompetent.”
	“Hey!” shouted Mihoshi.  “I am not incompetent!”
	“What do you want here?” demanded Kiyone.
	“I came seeking someone,” said Kazuhiro.  “Someone who is 
worth a lot of money.”
	The group was sure he was referring to Ryoko.  “You can’t have 
her,” said Tenchi firmly, as he and Masato stepped in front of her, 
shielding her from the aggressor.
	To everyone’s surprise, Kazuhiro began laughing.  “Oh, please!” 
he chided.  “I have no use for such a pitiful creature.”
	“Step a little closer and I’ll show you pitiful!” shouted Ryoko from 
behind her protectors.
	“In truth,” said Kazuhiro, his sickening smile still wide on his lips, 
“I came for Ayeka.”
	The group gasped.  “What do you want with her?” questioned 
Sasami.
	“Yes, what?” echoed Ayeka.  “I have no bounty on my head.”
	Kazuhiro turned his eyes upon the princess.  “Do you remember 
Hotaro?” he queried of her, trying to elicit a response.
	Ayeka gritted her teeth.  How could she forget that despicable 
man?  He used to be one of her father’s advisors on Jurai’s royal council.  
Her father exiled him after he found out that he was embezzling money 
from the treasury.  Hotaro swore revenge on Ayeka’s father.  He became 
the head of a high-profile revolutionary organization dead-set on 
overthrowing Jurai’s royal family.  He was Jurai’s greatest enemy.  “What 
business do you have with that horrible man?” Ayeka demanded.
	“Well,” began Kazuhiro in a tone of forced patience, “after a series 
of unsuccessful assassination attempts against your father, he realized that 
it would be much easier to get at him through you.  So, he scraped together 
all his funds and hired me to get you for him.”
	“You won’t get Ayeka!” shouted Tenchi.  “I won’t let you!”
	“Don’t be so hasty,” said Kazuhiro.  “I don’t plan on hurting her.  
Hotaro plans to hold her hostage for one hundred million jurai.  Between 
the twenty percent of that he promised me, and the service fee he has 
already paid me, I plan to retire on you, princess.”
	“My father does not negotiate with terrorists!” yelled Ayeka 
defiantly.
	“Gee, that’s too bad,” said Kazuhiro mockingly.  “Because if he 
doesn’t pay, he’ll have to live with the loss of his eldest daughter.”
	“You monster!” shouted Tenchi as he made a rush at Kazuhiro.  
Kazuhiro easily stepped to the side and sent Tenchi to the ground with a 
single stiff blow.
	“Tenchi!” shouted Ryoko.  “I’ll make you pay for that!”  She 
prepared an energy blast and heaved it at Kazuhiro, who made no attempt 
to dodge.  Instead, he went to his wrist, and pressed a button that threw a 
shield around him.  Ryoko’s blast was absorbed harmlessly.
	“Hotaro was kind enough to outfit me with the highest quality 
shield equipment,” said Kazuhiro, all the while grinning.  He reached 
behind him and pulled up a blaster, sending a quick shot at Ryoko.  Ryoko 
took the blast full force, and with an agonizing scream fell to the earth 
unconscious.
	Masato could stand watching no longer.  “You son of a bitch!” he 
shouted, lunging at Kazuhiro.  Kazuhiro attempted to reload his weapon 
and fire a shot at him, but Masato was too quick and knocked it to the 
ground.  He then proceeded to fight him with everything he had.  But each 
punch thrown and each kick delivered was met with only air as Kazuhiro 
nimbly dodged each offensive strike.  Then, growing tired of Masato’s 
antics, he drew a dagger from his belt and plunged it deep in Masato’s 
side.  Masato collapsed to the ground, clutching his bleeding wound.  The 
pain was incredible.
	“Masato!” yelled Ayeka, who rushed to help.  Before she could 
meet him, Kazuhiro heaved a small, spherical device at her which burst 
open at her feet, sending a forcefield around her.
	“Don’t bother trying to escape, princess,” taunted Kazuhiro.  “That 
shield operates at the exact frequency of Jurai’s royal power.  By now you 
have to see how fruitless it is to resist!”
	Kazuhiro made his way back to the ship, the captive Ayeka in tow.  
As he placed her on the ship he heard a voice behind him.  “I won’t let you 
take her,” it said.
	Kazuhiro turned to face the bleeding Masato, who had struggled to 
his feet.  “Oh, please,” he said flippantly.  “You can’t even stand up 
straight.  How do you expect to stop me?”  Suddenly a devilish smile 
crossed his face.  “Okay,” he said, “I guess I should give you a fair chance 
to heal some old wounds.”
	“What do you mean?” asked Masato, the pain from his side 
sending a tremor through his voice.
	Kazuhiro once again laughed.  “You mean you haven’t figured it 
out yet!” he said.  “How sad!  Surely you can recall when you and your 
five friends from the Galaxy Police captured me.”
	“What about it?” asked Masato.
	His laughter building, Kazuhiro said, “I was the one who caused 
the explosion!”
	Masato was at a loss of words.  “But... but how--”
	“I sent a computer virus up through the tow clamps you had on 
me,” said Kazuhiro.  “It caused the overload in the ship’s engine.”
	Masato stood in disbelief, hatred burning in his eyes.  It was 
Kazuhiro all along.  It was his fault that his life had been turned upside 
down.  “You treacherous little--”
	Masato was cut off by Kazuhiro’s laughter.  “Don’t worry, 
Masato,” he said, “I’ll give you a chance to make it all better.  Meet me in 
space in two hours.  We’ll settle this in a fair fight.  I’ll make sure the 
princess is well taken care of until then.  Don’t disappoint me, Masato,” he 
added as he glided into his ship and closed the doors behind him.
	The group watched as the ship took flight and disappeared into the 
blue sky.  Masato keeled over, clutching his side.  Kiyone rushed to her 
fallen partner.  “We’ve got to get you to a doctor,” she said.
	“We don’t have time,” he snapped at her.
	“Don’t tell me you’re actually going to fight him like this,” Kiyone 
returned.
	“I have no choice,” said Masato.  “He took my life away once.  I 
won’t let him do it again!”

Chapter 6:  Battle Plans

	In Washu’s lab Tenchi, Ryoko, and Masato were receiving 
treatment for their injuries.  Ryoko seemed to get the worst of it; she was 
still unconscious.  Tenchi received little more than a bump on the head.  
Masato’s bleeding had been stopped, but his injury was still very serious.
	“You can’t fight in this condition,” said Washu.  “I shouldn’t even 
let you be walking around.”
	“I’ll be okay,” said Masato, no longer in such agonizing pain.  “It 
feels better already.  How is Ryoko?”
	“She’s not in really bad shape,” said Washu.  “In time she should 
recover completely.”
	Masato nodded.  “Kazuhiro will pay for what he has done, I 
promise,” he said.  He then turned to his former partner.  “I’m going to 
need your help.  Will you help me?”
	Kiyone nodded.  “I’ll do whatever I can,” she said.
	“Right,” chimed in Mihoshi.  “We’re with you!”
	“I’m in, too,” said Tenchi, holding his head gingerly.
	“Tenchi, you had best stay here with Sasami and take care of 
Ryoko,” Masato said.  “She really needs your help right now.”
	“Don’t worry, I can take care of Ryoko,” said Washu.
	“I’m afraid I’m going to need your help too, Washu,” said Masato.
	“What can I do?” she queried.
	Masato turned to Kiyone.  “The Yagami has a drop-ship, right?” he 
asked her.
	“Yes,” she said.  “We use it for routine patrols.”
	“Washu, I’ll need you to make some modifications on it,” said 
Masato.  “And didn’t you say once that you had a teleportation device?”
	“Yes,” Washu confirmed, “but it only works within a few hundred 
meter radius.”
	“That will be fine,” said Masato.  “I’ve got a plan.”  
	“A plan?” asked Mihoshi.  “What is it?”
	“I’ll explain everything soon,” said Masato as he gingerly walked 
through the exit to the lab.  “If you’ll excuse me for a few minutes, I’ve 
got something I need to take care of.”

	Aboard the Yagami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, and Masato were in 
the last stages of preparation.  Washu worked on the drop ship in the 
docking bay, while the remaining three were rehashing their plan of attack 
on the bridge.  Masato called to Washu through the com system, “Did you 
make all the modifications I asked for?”
	“Yep!” she said, a streak of grease running across her forehead.  “I 
fortified the forward shields and increased engine output by three hundred 
percent.  What’s this for, anyway?”
	“It’s my last resort,” said Masato.  “Is the teleporter ready?”
	“All set!” said Washu.  “I’m ready when you are.”
	“Oh, I almost forgot!” Kiyone said, reaching underneath one of the 
seats.  “I’ve been holding this for you.”  In her outstretched arms she held 
Masato’s police-issue blaster, in its belt-mounted holster.
	“So that’s where it went,” said Masato, strapping the sidearm to his 
waist.
	“I was hoping you wouldn’t need it,” Kiyone said, “But under the 
circumstances, I think it would be best if you wore it.
	Masato smiled.  “Thanks, partner,” he said. “Now, let’s go!”
	The ship broke from its idle and broke through the atmosphere into 
space.  “So how are we supposed to find him?” asked Mihoshi.  Just then, 
a signal came through on the tracking system.
	“Well, how generous of him,” Masato remarked sarcastically, “he 
placed a beacon for us to find him.  Let’s lay in a course.”
	Very soon Kazuhiro’s ship came into view.  “I think he’s hailing 
us,” said Mihoshi.
	“Put him on screen,” said Kiyone.
	Kazuhiro’s face then filled the view screen.  “Well, well,” he said, 
“I was afraid you wouldn’t show up.”
	“Let me see Ayeka!” shouted Masato.
	“Don’t worry,” said Kazuhiro, stepping aside to bring the princess 
into view behind him.  “As you can see, she has not been harmed.”
	“Ayeka, are you all right?” asked Masato.
	“Masato, please!” begged Ayeka.  “You have to help me!”
	“Don’t worry, Ayeka,” he reassured her, “I’ll get you out of there.”
	Kazuhiro stuck his head back into the picture.  “I seriously doubt 
that,” he said menacingly.  “I can’t wait to see Ayeka’s face when I destroy 
all of you!”
	“We’ll see about that!” shouted Masato, cutting off the 
transmission.  “Kiyone, Mihoshi, let’s begin the attack.  Just like we said.”
	“Got it,” Kiyone said, beginning to guide the ship in line with 
Kazuhiro’s.
	“Mihoshi, open fire!” commanded Masato.
	The first hail of shots were deflected by the shield on Kazuhiro’s 
ship.  He then returned with a barrage of his own.  Kiyone expertly 
dodged, and Mihoshi continued to fire, all the while drawing closer to 
Kazuhiro’s ship.  Masato once again called to Washu over the com system.  
“You ready down there?”
	“All set,” she said.
	“Thirty seconds,” Masato said.
	“Got it,” Washu replied.
	The Yagami continued its approach, heading straight at Kazuhiro’s 
idling vessel at almost full speed.  Masato opened a channel to the 
opposing ship.  “I suggest you get out of our way,” he said.
	Kazuhiro laughed.  “Not a chance,” he said, “I never back down.”
	“Well, then, don’t come crying to me when they’re scraping your 
flesh off the nearest asteroid,” Masato replied.
	“Don’t make me laugh!” said Kazuhiro curtly.  “You’d never hit 
this ship with Ayeka on board.  You don’t have the guts.”
	“Care to try me?” asked Masato, a wide, fiendish grin overtaking 
his face.
	Neither ship seemed to back down.  A line of sweat began to form 
on Masato’s brow.  He would need to get the timing perfect.  Suddenly, he 
shouted, “Now!”
	Kiyone slammed on the brakes and the ship began to slow to a 
halt.  Kazuhiro’s stationary craft loomed too close for comfort, as Kiyone 
applied stiff force to the brakes, praying that they would hold.  They did 
indeed hold, and the ship ground to a halt a scant few meters from the 
other vessel.
	Kazuhiro laughed through the view screen.  “I knew you’d chicken 
out!” he said.  “You are the biggest coward I have ever met!”
	“Maybe,” Masato said, “but you’re the one with problems.”
	“What are you talking about?” Kazuhiro chuckled.
	“Take a look behind you,” said Masato with a smile.
	Kazuhiro turned around.  He was aghast at what he saw.  While 
Masato’s ship had been struggling to brake, Washu used the teleporter to 
slip in behind him, deactivate the shield holding Ayeka, and bring her on 
board.  By the time Kazuhiro turned around, Ayeka was gone and Washu 
was half through the teleporter, waving an insulting goodbye at him.
	“Washu,” called Masato through the com system, “do you have 
Ayeka?”
	“Sure do!” she said jauntily.
	“You conniving little wretch!” shouted Kazuhiro.  “I’ll get you for 
that!”
	“Kiyone, get us out of here,” said Masato.
	Kiyone put the engines in full reverse and sped from the furious 
Kazuhiro, who began to wildly open fire.  The blasts hit the shields and 
delivered minimal damage to the ship.  By the time Kazuhiro was out of 
range, the ship showed little damage, the shields having absorbed most of 
the blasts.  However, their progress was stopped when a series of objects 
appeared on the radar.  “It’s an asteroid field,” said Kiyone.  It’s too dense 
to fly through.  We’ll have to go back.”
	“We can’t,” said Mihoshi, “Kazuhiro’s ship has already started an 
intercept course.”
	“We’ll have to make a stand right here,” said Masato.  “How are 
the shields?”
	“The shields are down to thirty one percent,” said Kiyone.
	“That will have to do,” said Masato.  “Mihoshi, ready all 
weapons.”
	“Umm, I can’t” said Mihoshi.
	“What?  Why not?” shouted Kiyone.
	“We’re out of ammunition,” reported Mihoshi.
	“What?!” shrieked Kiyone through gritted teeth.  “Didn’t I tell you 
to order more from headquarters?”
	“Sorry, Kiyone, I just forgot,” Mihoshi said.
	Just then Washu and Ayeka made their way to the bridge.  
“Kazuhiro is on his way,” said Washu.  “What do we do now?”
	Masato sat in thought.  They had no weapons, low shields, and 
nowhere to go.  It looked like their was no other choice.  He got up and 
began to make his way to the docking bay.
	“Where are you going?” asked Kiyone.
	Masato responded, “I’m going for my last resort.”
	Washu frowned.  She did not like the sound of that at all.

Chapter 7:  Last Resort

	Masato launched the small drop-ship from the docking bay and 
plotted a course.  Washu opened a channel to him from the bridge.  “So, 
you’re just going to run off and leave us here?” she queried indignantly.
	“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Masato said, who set the ship on its path 
and began to bring the engines up to full power.
	“Well, then, what on earth are you doing?” Washu asked.
	“The only thing I can do right now,” responded Masato gravely.
	Mihoshi suddenly broke in.  “The course Masato laid in is in a 
direct line with Kazuhiro’s ship.”
	“You can’t be planning on getting into a dogfight with Kazuhiro’s 
ship, can you?” asked Kiyone.  “The ship would never take that many 
hits.”
	“I won’t need to take a lot,” said Masato.
	Suddenly Masato’s actions were clear to Washu.  The fortified 
shields; the increased speed; so that’s what he needed them for.  “Masato, 
don’t do it!” she shouted.  “We can find another way!”
	“There is no other way,” Masato responded.  “If I wasn’t sure, I 
wouldn’t be doing this.”
	“You can’t mean...” Kiyone trailed off.
	“Sorry,” said Masato, “but I have to do this.”
	“No!” shouted Ayeka.  “You can’t!  I cannot allow it!  As princess 
of Jurai I command you to turn the ship around!”
	Masato saw the pain in Ayeka’s eyes as they looked back at him 
over the view screen.  He was tremendously sad that he had to do this.  But 
he was out of options.  They all were.  “I have to do this, Ayeka.  I’m 
sorry.”
	Masato turned the screen off, afraid that another look from those 
eyes would make him change his mind.  To remind himself of what he was 
doing, and who he was doing it for, he removed a piece of paper from his 
pocket.  It was a sketch of Ayeka, the last  one he completed.  He had kept 
it in a pocket next to his heart for a week.  It was a special drawing; he 
finally got the eyes right.  The eyes were perfectly expressive, and endless 
in their depth.  The eyes said, “I love you.”
	With a clear mind and a heavy heart, Masato began his recitation:

	"If we must die, let it not be like hogs
	Hunted and penned in an inglorious spot,
	While round us bark the mad and hungry dogs,
	Making their mock at our accursed lot.”

	Kazuhiro opened a channel to Masato’s ship.  “Don’t try this 
again,” he said exasperatedly, “you know you can’t do it!”

	“If we must die, O let us nobly die,
	So that our precious blood may not be shed
	In vain; then, even the monsters we defy
	Shall be constrained to honor us though dead!”

	“Masato, don’t be foolish.  You know you won’t survive.”  
Kazuhiro then began to open fire on the drop-ship, but the fortified shields 
held.

	“O kinsmen!  We must meet the common foe!
	Though far outnumbered let us show us brave,
	And for their thousand blows deal one deathblow!
	What though before us lies the open grave?”

	“Masato, turn your ship now!  You’ll kill us both!”

	“Like men we'll face the murderous, cowardly pack,
	Pressed to the wall, dying, but fighting back!"

	“Masato, you fool!”
	The drop-ship tore through the hull of Masato’s ship in a shower of 
sparks.  Even from a distance, the crew of the Yagami could see a great 
fireball envelop the two vessels, and send a shower of debris scattering in 
all directions.  When the fire dispersed, nothing was left on the screen but 
a few floating chunks of metal, the remains of the two ships.
	Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, and Ayeka could not find words.  They 
only sat, feeling very helpless indeed as the shards of scrap drifted further 
away, increasing the space that filled the gaps between them.
	No one spoke as they made their way back to Earth.  Occasionally, 
Washu would shake her head, and Kiyone and Ayeka would alternately 
catch themselves in a sob.

Chapter 8:  Last Goodbye

	“I can’t believe it,” was all Tenchi could say after he, Sasami, 
Yosho, and Ryoko had been told what happened.
	Ryoko sat in silence, still wounded but well enough to sit upright.  
Sasami burst into tears at the news, wrapping her arms around Tenchi’s 
waist and crying into his shirt.  Yosho could only lower his head in a silent 
prayer.
	“I can’t believe he’s gone,” said Kiyone, hunched in a chair with 
her head in her hands.  “I can’t believe I’ve lost him again.”
	“Masato, why?” asked Ayeka, tears nearly choking off her words.  
“Why did you have to be so noble?”
	Yosho cleared his throat, and all eyes turned to him.  “Masato gave 
me something before he left,” he said, reaching into his pocket and holding 
up a pair of disks.  “He said to let you play them if something should 
happen to him.”
	Washu silently took the disks.  “This one’s addressed to all of us,” 
she said, placing it into a nearby player.  The group gathered around the 
screen to watch.
	The familiar face of Masato appeared on the monitor.  “Hello, 
everyone,” the recording began.  “If you’re watching this, it means that I 
am gone.  I can only hope that everything turned out for the best.  I thought 
being given the opportunity to live here would allow me to leave my past 
behind, but it seems that I have brought it down upon you.  For that, I am 
truly sorry.  Tenchi, I would like to thank you and your grandfather for 
allowing me to stay with you.  Seeing as how I attempted to destroy one of 
your friends, it would have been easier to turn me away.  I dare say I might 
even have deserved it.  But, thank you for giving me an opportunity to 
make it up to you.  Ryoko, you told me once that everyone deserves a 
second chance.  I’m not sure how true that is, but I can see that you are 
making the most of yours.  And I thank you for allowing me to have mine.  
Washu, if not for you, I certainly would not have survived long enough to 
get to know all of you.  I thank you for allowing me to have the 
opportunity to call you all friends.  Sasami, your childlike charm and your 
innocence reminds me of how my brother used to be.  When I lost him, I 
thought I would never get to experience those qualities again.  Thank you 
for allowing me to have some of yours.  It has truly elevated my spirit.  
Kiyone, you’re the same person I remember; reliable and trustworthy to 
the last.  I’ll never forget our times together, past and present.  You are 
truly a wonderful person, and I feel privileged to call you a partner and 
friend.  And Mihoshi, take care of our partner.  She may not act like it 
sometimes, but she needs someone at her side, too.  Well, that’s about all I 
can think to say.  I’m sorry things had to turn out like this, but I did all I 
could to set things right.  I wish you all good luck, and Godspeed.”
	The procession was motionless, silent.  Kiyone stared 
dumbfounded at the monitor, tears steadily rolling down her face.  Ryoko, 
Sasami, and Ayeka reacted in much the same fashion.  Washu once again 
resumed shaking her head, and Tenchi and Yosho bowed their heads in 
unison.
	“He... he said nothing about me,” said Ayeka.  “Why didn’t he say 
anything about me?  I must have hurt him so badly!”
	Washu strolled over to Ayeka, the second disk in her outstretched 
hand.  “This one is addressed to you,” she said, handing her the disk.  
“We’ll wait outside until your finished.”  She motioned for the others to 
follow her through the exit.
	Alone in the laboratory, Ayeka slid the disk into the player.  As 
before, Masato’s face appeared on the screen.  “Hello, Ayeka,” the 
message began.  “I guess you know by now that I won’t be coming back.  I 
am so sorry that I did what I did, but just knowing that you’re safe makes it 
worth it to me.  There’s so much I want to tell you, but I can’t seem to find 
the words.  I guess I should start by telling you that I care about you more 
than anything, and to see you safe I would gladly give my life a hundred 
times over.  I don’t want you to feel that this is in any way your fault.  If 
it’s anyone’s fault, its mine.  I had to put a stop to all the pain that 
Kazuhiro caused.  He has already taken so much from me.  I couldn’t bear 
the thought that he might take you, too.  I have no regrets.  A great man 
once said that if a man has nothing he is willing to die for, he does not 
deserve to live.  I believe that, now.  When I first looked into your 
beautiful eyes I knew that I would give everything for you, and that it still 
wouldn’t be enough for me.  I only regret that I could not do more.  I wish 
I could have given you everything you have ever wanted.  This was the 
best I could do.  I will never forget you, Ayeka.  Goodbye, my princess.”
	Ayeka could not find her breath.  She could not believe that 
Masato would give up everything, even his life, for her.  Just for her.
	The others were standing around the entrance to the lab when 
Ayeka opened the door.  The dark streaks on her face indicated that she 
had been crying hard.
	“What did he say, Ayeka?” asked Sasami.
	“He said...” Ayeka could barely utter, feeling fresh tears begin to 
well in her eyes.  “He said that he will miss us all very much.  I’m sorry, I 
have to...” she trailed off, bounding up the stairs sobbing.

	A few nights later, Ayeka stood on the balcony, looking at the stars 
shining into the lake.  Tenchi approached from behind.  “Ayeka?” he 
asked.  “Are you thinking about him again?”
	“Yes,” she said, not turning to face him.
	Tenchi stood beside her.  “I know he cared about you, Ayeka.  I 
just didn’t know how much.  To do what he did meant that he really must 
have loved you.”  He paused to stare into the lake for a few moments.  “He 
was a good man.  He cared about you as much as I do, maybe more.”
	Ayeka turned to him with a half smile.  “He said the same thing 
about you,” she said.
	“Will you be coming inside soon?” asked Tenchi as he turned back 
to the house.
	“In a moment,” said Ayeka.  Before Tenchi could enter the house, 
Ayeka halted him.  “Tenchi, am I really worth dying for?”
	Tenchi stood expressionless, truly clueless as to what to say.  
“Well, Masato thought so, so I guess you are,” he finally decided on.
	Ayeka turned her gaze back to the glassy surface of the lake as 
Tenchi closed the door behind him.  She stood motionless, her gaze 
transfixed on the water, not sure where it ended and the sky began.  A cold 
shiver ran over her body.
	“Am I really worth dying for?” she echoed.  All her life she didn’t 
think so, and was truly touched beyond emotion that someone else thought 
she was.
