Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC & Pioneer, I 
do not own any of these characters.  This fanfiction 
has been written for fun, not for financial gain. 

**************************************************** 

Saki \Sa'ki\ (s[aum]'k[-e]), n. a Japanese alcoholic 
beverage made from fermented rice. 
(also spelled "sake".) ~"webster's dictionary"~ 

*** 

Masaki Saki - Part One: "Secret Ingredient"

written by:  jim jurai


*** 

It was a very hot June afternoon at the Masaki house, 
as Tenchi Masaki worked diligently in his carrot 
patch.  "This is hopeless!"  Tenchi shouted.  "Insects 
are destroying the entire garden.  All those hours of 
hard work for nothing."  Tenchi sat down on the ground 
in disgust. "How am I going to fix this?" he thought 
to himself.  "I've tried everything, but nothing I do 
seems to help." 

"Ahem," Tenchi didn't notice Sasami, who had overheard 
everything.  "Ahem," coughed Princess Sasami again. 

"Hi Sasami," Tenchi came out of deep thought.  "How 
are doing this evening?" 

"Fine, thank you."  Sasami answered as she sat on the 
ground next to Tenchi. 

"Sasami, you shouldn't," cautioned Tenchi.  "You'll get 
dirty." 

"Oh, I don't mind," Sasami placed her arms around her 
knees and gazed up at the blue sky.  "Earth is a 
beautiful place, isn't it Tenchi." 

"Yeah," Tenchi ran his fingers through the dirt 
without paying much attention.  Sasami lowered her 
head and sighed. 

"Is something wrong, Sasami?"  Tenchi suddenly noticed 
that the young princess seemed depressed. 

"I'm fine," Sasami never looked up.  "I just miss 
Jurai, I guess." 

"It must be difficult to stay away from home," 
Tenchi couldn't imagine leaving home to live somewhere 
else, much less going to another planet. 

"It is," Sasami muttered. 

"You know what I would like to do this weekend?" 
Tenchi had an idea. 

"What Tenchi?"  Sasami raised her head. 

"Go on a picnic with a pretty girl," Tenchi smiled 
hoping to cheer up Sasami. 

"Oh," Sasami whispered and lowered her head once 
again. 

"So, will you accompany me?" 

Sasami, very surprised, looked at Tenchi with a huge 
smile on her face, "I would love to go on a picnic 
with you Tenchi." 

"Great, then it's settled," Tenchi struggled to his 
feet and looked at the small garden.  "I guess I 
should get back to work," his smile turned into a 
frown once again. 

"Maybe Washu can help you fix the garden," Sasami 
suggested as she stood up dusting her clothes. 

Tenchi didn't like the idea of getting Washu involved, 
because that could only lead to some sort of disaster.  
"I don't think it would be a very good idea to...," 
Tenchi was interrupted before he could finish his 
thought.  "Did someone say Washu, help, and garden," 
said the pink haired goddess who appeared out of 
nowhere.  

"Oh no," Tenchi unintentionally thought out-loud. 

"What was that?" Washu asked. 

"Nothing, I mean, uh, I wouldn't dream of bothering 
you with such a trivial matter, Little Washu," Tenchi 
said as a bead of sweat ran down his temple. 

"Its no problem, solving a trivial matter could be a 
nice break for the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe," Washu laughed.  "I've been cooped up in my 
lab for three weeks, I could use a break.  Now why 
don't you tell me all about your little problem." 

"That's great, Washu!" Sasami cheered. 

"Just perfect," Tenchi said sarcastically. 

"What was that?"  Washu stared at Tenchi. 

"I said, that would be just perfect," Tenchi sweat 
dropped. 

Meanwhile, Noboyuki had just arrived home from work, 
and stopped by the shrine to pay Yosho a visit.  "So 
father, do you have the Saki? You know, the special 
kind that I like best," Noboyuki said with a grin. 

"Sorry Noboyuki, but I won't have the special kind 
until tomorrow," Yosho responded, then continued his 
meditation. 

"Dammit, I've been looking forward to this all day and 
now I have to wait until tomorrow," Noboyuki was very 
displeased.  "DAMMIT!!!" 

"Ah Ah Ah, no swearing in the shrine, son-in-law." 

"Sorry, father," Noboyuki said with his head hanging 
down as he walked toward his home. 

*** 

In the deep vastness of space, Mihoshi and Kiyone, 
were patrolling their section of the universe aboard 
the Yagami.  "Kiyone, I'm starving," grumbled the 
blonde galaxypolice woman. 

"But, you just ate two hours ago Mihoshi," said a very 
annoyed Kiyone. 

"Do you think we can eat dinner at Tenchi's house 
tonight?"  Mihoshi asked, as she spilt coffee all over 
the control panel. 

Kiyone started to yell at Mihoshi for spilling her 
drink, but she thought what's the use, "Well Mihoshi, 
I don't think that would be a good idea, we had dinner 
at the Masaki house last night. I don't want to be 
such a burden." 

"Oh Kiyone, they don't mind.  Besides our apartment 
smells bad," Mihoshi sobbed. 

Anger got the best of Kiyone, "Well, if you hadn't 
allowed that fat kid from next door to use our 
bathroom, our apartment wouldn't be in such a mess!" 

*** 

"There now it's cut evenly, right down the center," 
said Ayeka holding a knife in her hand. 

"You've got to be kidding, Ayeka!"  exclaimed Ryoko. 
"Your share is much larger than mine." 

"Don't be such a greedy b-b-bit...monster, Ryoko." 

"Why don't you just say it.  You were going to call me 
a greedy bitch weren't you," Ryoko growled. 

"A proper lady would never use such vulgar language," 
Ayeka retorted furiously.  "Unlike a space demon like 
you, Ryoko." 

"Yea, and a proper lady would never take the last 
cookie," Ryoko said as she grabbed the cookie from 
the kitchen table and ate both pieces with one bite. 

"That does it," Ayeka was enraged.  "It's about time 
you were disciplined for such rude behavior." 

"I suppose you're the one to do so," Ryoko replied 
with a devilish grin.  "Well bring it on, Princess!" 
Ryoko said as she formed a light sword in her right 
hand and a sphere of electrical energy in the other. 

"You've gone too far this time, devil woman," Ayeka 
glared at her opponent.  "Azaka, Kamidake!" 

Ryoko looked around the room, "Well, it looks like the 
sweet little princess is all alone." 

"Wait a minute, Ryoko," Ayeka screamed. 

"No time to waste," Ryoko threatened and hurled the 
energy ball at Princess Ayeka, who deflected the blast 
with an energy shield.  The blast of energy glanced 
and struck a nearby wall. 

"What's that racket?" Noboyuki stepped into the kitchen.  
"Oh my goodness, how did that big hole get in the wall!" 

"Oh, don't worry father," Ayeka said innocently.  "We 
were just remodeling the kitchen as a surprise for 
Tenchi." 

"Yea," Ryoko played along.  "Tenchi never liked that 
wall anyway." 

"Very well, carry on then," Noboyuki was pleased. 
"Such nice considerate young ladies, and they're 
interested in architecture too.  Tenchi is very 
lucky."  Noboyuki thought to himself as he walked to 
his room. 

"Shall we continue?"  Ryoko floated into the air with 
light sword in hand. 

"Just one second if you don't mind," Ayeka cleared 
her throat.  "Azaka, Kamidake." There was no answer. 
"Where could those two be?" 

"Sorry, but Azaka and Kamidake are busy at the 
moment," Washu entered the room and sat at the table. 

"Miss Washu, have you seen them?" 

"Sure Ayeka," Washu said as she placed chemical 
bottles on the table.  "They had nothing better to do, 
so I sent them to get me some gysahl greens from the 
mountains.  That was a few hours ago, so they should 
be back anytime now." 

Ryoko descended to the floor and her light sword 
vanished, "What are gysahl greens?" 

"Just something I need in order to help Tenchi." 

"Help Tenchi, then you should have sent me instead of 
those bumbling logs."  Ryoko said very concerned. 

"Is Tenchi in trouble Miss Washu?"  Ayeka pleaded with 
the scientist. 

"I'm not telling...Unless." 

"Washu, what the hell is going on?"  Ryoko's light 
sword suddenly reappeared. 

"I'm not telling unless you call me, Little Washu." 

"Okay," Ayeka complied.  "Little Washu, What's wrong 
with Tenchi?" 

"Nothing really," Washu grinned.  "He is just having 
trouble with the garden, and I'm helping," Ryoko's 
light sword vanished. 

"Miya," Ryo-ohki was beneath the table eating a 
carrot.  The little cabbit had been there the entire 
time, and she didn't like the idea of Tenchi having 
trouble with his garden.  "Miya," Ryo-ohki stood at 
Washu's feet. 

"Ryo-ohki there you are," Sasami walked into the room 
with Tenchi close behind her.  "Oh no, what happened 
to the kitchen?"  Sasami was upset when she saw the 
destruction. 

Tenchi noticed the missing wall, "Ryoko, what did you 
do this time?" 

"Why do you automatically assume that its all my 
fault?"  Ryoko wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck. 

"I have my reasons," Tenchi gasped for air. 

"Ryoko, remove your hands from Lord Tenchi at once," 
Ayeka commanded. 

"Why should I, Tenchi doesn't mind.  Besides were 
madly in love."  Ryoko grasped tighter around Tenchi's 
neck. 

"Hey, cut it out," Tenchi squirmed.  "I'm choking." 

"Release him at once, or I'll...I'll," 

"Or you'll what," Ryoko released Tenchi and glared at 
Ayeka. 

"Alright you two, cut it out," Washu said as she mixed 
some chemicals.  "Before I give both of you a 
spanking." 

"All of you should stop arguing, you're upsetting 
Ryo-ohki," Sasami reached the cabbit another carrot. 
Ryo-ohki accepted the gift with great enthusiasm. 

Washu jumped up from the table holding a container, 
"It's all finished.  All I have to do is add the 
gysahl greens." 

"What is that stuff going to do to my garden?" Tenchi 
asked a little concerned. 

"Get rid of all the pests, of course," Washu 
chuckled.  "However, there is one precaution." 

"I knew it," Tenchi grumbled. 

"Once you sprinkle the treatment throughout the garden 
no one may eat any carrots for three days.  Then 
everything will be as good as new, problem solved."  
Washu looked at Tenchi with very serious eyes, 
"Remember Tenchi, no one gets any vegetables from that 
garden for three days." 

Ryo-ohki dropped the remaining portion of her meal and 
ran out the door.  "Ryo-ohki where are you going?"  
Sasami ran after the cabbit. 

Meanwhile in the Masaki Shrine storage room, Yosho was 
mixing a few chemicals of his own.  "Well that about 
does it," Yosho grinned proudly.  "Now all I have to 
do is add my secret ingredient," Yosho opened a 
cabinet door.  "Nothing but gysahl greens. This just 
won't do," Yosho frowned.  "I must add carrots to my 
home-brewed Saki, or it won't have that special taste 
that Noboyuki enjoys so much." 

Yosho walked outside for some fresh air, and noticed 
Azaka & Kamidake slowly floating past the shrine. 
"What are you two doing out so late in the evening?" 
Yosho inquired. 

"We are returning home from a failed mission," 
Kamidake answered sadly. 

"Interesting," Yosho said while adjusting his 
eyeglasses. 

"Miss Washu sent us into the mountains to find some 
gysahl greens for her experiment, but we failed to 
find any," Azaka sounded heartbroken.  "We were so 
overjoyed at being asked to do something, we forgot to 
ask Miss Washu what gysahl greens looked like." 

"No need to be discouraged," Yosho comforted the two.  
"I just happen to have some gysahl greens in the 
shrine." The two logs floated around in joy. 

*** 

"Mihoshi, will you wake up, we're suppose to be on 
duty!"  Kiyone yelled and kicked her partner's chair.  
"She's hopeless," Kiyone gave up. 

"Oh Kiyone, will you sing just once more," 
Mihoshi murmured in her sleep. 

"If I could be so carefree, like Mihoshi," Kiyone 
thought to herself as she took an aspirin and sat 
down.  "Life could be so much more simple. I wouldn't 
have to worry about anything, and still it would all 
work out."  Kiyone placed her hands over her ears and 
screamed. 

"What's going on, Kiyone?"  Mihoshi rubbed her eyes. 

"Glad to see you finally decided to wake up," Kiyone 
smirked. 

"Oh yeah, I almost forgot," Mihoshi giggled and ran to 
the broom closet next to the cockpit.  "Your birthday 
present, Kiyone."  Mihoshi retrieved a package wrapped 
in pretty paper, and presented it to Kiyone. 

"That's very considerate, Mishoshi," Kiyone smiled. 
"Even though it isn't my birthday," she mumbled to 
herself. 

"Open it Kiyone, while I take your picture," Mihoshi 
was very excited. 

Kiyone unwrapped her gift, "Final Fantasy IX, for the 
sony playstation." 

"Say cheese," Mihoshi snapped the camera.  "Do you 
like it Kiyone?" 

"It's wonderful, just what I needed," Kiyone was 
being sarcastic. 

"Remember, when you saw the commercial for it on T.V., 
and you said that you would give up anything just to 
play that game?"  Mihoshi asked. 

"Actually I think it was you who wanted the game so 
badly, after seeing the commercial," Kiyone corrected 
her partner. 

"Oh no," Mihoshi's eyes began to tear up. 

"What's wrong now?" 

"I'm sorry, Kiyone," Mihoshi sobbed and reached her 
the photo she had just taken.  "My thumb got in the 
way." 

"Don't worry about it Mihoshi, let's just go home," 
Kiyone spoke softly.  She knew that Mihoshi meant 
well. 

"Can we go to Tenchi's house?"  Mihoshi's face 
brightened. 

"I suppose," Kiyone took control of the ship. 
"Yagami, set coordinates for planet Earth." 

"Yay!" Mihoshi cheered. 

*** 

"I don't know about this," Tenchi looked at the 
mixture as he walked to his garden.  "I hope Washu 
knew what she was doing."  

"Hey Tenchi," Sasami yelled.  She and Ryo-ohki were 
waiting for Tenchi just outside the garden. 

"I was wondering were you two ran off too." 

"Ryo-ohki and I decided to gather a few carrots  
before you use the treatment.  Is that okay with you 
Tenchi?"  Sasami reached down and scratched Ryo-ohki 
behind the ear. 

"I think that's a good idea, Sasami."  Tenchi knew 
that it would be impossible to keep Ryo-ohki out of 
the garden unless they stocked up on carrots now. 

"Great!" Sasami began collecting a few more of the 
best carrots with Ryo-ohki's help and approval. 

Tenchi examined the mixture again, "What could 
possibly go wrong, it's just bug killer."  Tenchi 
laughed at himself for being so paranoid.  "After 
all Washu is the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe." 

Sasami noticed that Tenchi was laughing.  "It's nice 
to see you being happy, Tenchi," Sasami grinned and 
put one last carrot into the basket.  "Let's go Ryo-
ohki," Sasami struggled to pick up the heavy load. 

"Just leave the basket with me, Sasami.  I'll bring 
it home when I'm finished here," Tenchi said as he 
walked into the middle of the garden. 

"Okay Tenchi," Sasami set the basket on the ground. 
"Are you coming with me, Ryo-ohki?"  Sasami 
questioned the cabbit.  Ryo-ohki shook her head in 
refusal.  "You want to stay with Tenchi, so you can 
be close to the carrots, don't you?"  Sasami giggled 
and went on her way. 

Tenchi sprinkled Washu's treatment throughout the 
garden.  He put extra amounts in the locations with 
the greater infestations.  After about twenty 
minutes, Tenchi had covered every square inch of his 
small carrot patch.  "Well I guess we'll just have 
to wait and see what happens," Tenchi poured the 
last drop from the container. 

"Miya," Ryo-ohki chimed.  The cabbit had grown very 
impatient, and wanted Tenchi to hurry. 

"You've been waiting for me, Ryo-ohki?" Tenchi 
picked up the basket filled with carrots.  "I guess 
you're ready to go home."  Ryo-ohki shook her head 
in consent. 

"You don't say," Yosho commented as Sasami told him 
all about the picnic that She and Tenchi had 
planned.  "And where is Tenchi?  He didn't show up 
for practice today."  Yosho removed his eyeglasses 
and began to polish them with a handkerchief.  

"There he is," Sasami pointed at Tenchi and Ryo-
ohki, walking up the garden path. 

"Gathering carrots this close too dark, that's 
strange," Yosho thought to himself. 

"Sasami, I thought you were going strait home?  
Ayeka is probably worried."  Tenchi set the basket 
on the ground in front of his grandfather. 

"Not to worry Tenchi, Ayeka knows that Sasami is 
with me," Yosho finished polishing his glasses and 
put them back on. 

"But how?" Tenchi asked.  

"Kamidake came looking for me, but grandpa, I mean 
Yosho, sent him home, so we could talk." 

"What did you two talk about?"  Tenchi was curious. 

"We talked about when you were a little kid, 
Tenchi," Sasami giggled.  "Did you really think that 
you could grow a mustache by rubbing chicken...." 

"Grandpa! Did you have to tell that!"  Tenchi 
interrupted Sasami in the middle of her question. 

"Just remember to show up for practice, Tenchi," 
Yosho grinned.  "And remember that I have plenty of 
stories to tell, some even better than that one." 

"I can't believe I forgot sword practice," Tenchi 
perspired thinking of what punishment he would 
receive. 

"Miya," Ryo-ohki climbed into the basket of carrots. 

"What are you doing out this late grandpa?"  Tenchi 
asked nervously. 

"Just enjoying the cool evening air and viewing the 
beautiful sunset," Yosho answered while reaching for 
a carrot from Tenchi's basket.  Ryo-ohki growled, 
preventing the old man from taking her prized 
possessions. 

"Ryo-ohki how could you," Sasami scolded the cabbit. 
Ryo-ohki blushed and lowered her head in shame. 

"That's quite alright, Ryo-ohki," Yosho patted the 
cabbit on the head.  "You just couldn't help 
yourself." 

"That's strange," Tenchi thought to himself. 
"Grandpa hates carrots." 

"We had better go home, Tenchi.  I need to start 
supper," Sasami pulled at Tenchi's shirt sleeve. 
"Ryoko and Ayeka like to eat before the prime time 
T.V. block begins." 

"Remember Tenchi, we have sword practice every 
evening at four o'clock," Yosho warned. 

"Okay grandpa," Tenchi picked up the basket and 
followed Sasami.  After traveling a short distance, 
Sasami came to a sudden halt.  "I just remembered. 
We didn't warn grandpa about the carrots." 

"No need to worry about grandpa," Tenchi assured the 
princess.  "He never eats carrots." 

"Miya," Ryo-ohki sighed. 

"What's wrong, Ryo-ohki?"  Sasami reached out to her 
friend.  The cabbit jumped from the basket into 
Sasami's arms.  "Do you feel bad, because you were 
rude to grandpa?"  Ryo-ohki shook her head up and 
down. "Then maybe you should go apologize."  Ryo-
ohki smiled, leaped onto the ground, and ran down 
the path to meet Yosho. 

"I don't think that was necessary," Tenchi looked at 
Sasami.  "Grandpa realized that Ryo-ohki meant no 
harm." 

"I know, but apologizing will make Ryo-ohki feel 
better," Sasami explained. 

Tenchi paused, and observed the Masaki house in the 
distance, "You're a wise young lady, Princess 
Sasami." 


To Be Continued... 

*** 

Hope you enjoyed my first fanfiction.  Send all comments
to:  (jimjurai@yahoo.com)