Wasabi Everybody!Thanks to BJ,Mah Freinds and a couple of e-mails They were
able to talk me into sending more stories.Well I hope you guys like mah
version of the story,I told you guys I'm not the only one who thought of
this tyle.There's a Ranma Cross fic.The format of his is similiar to mine
except his is more organize.You'll notice some changes in mah story so I'm
kinda upgrading it.

Disclaimer:I don't own any of these charathers except mah brother BJ owns
Ping,Southi,Boomboi,and Jyun.Pioneer please don't sue me I love your guy's
movie 'A Chinese Ghost story'two thumbs up.

Aight Pay'ce!

                               TENCHI
                              MAUNGBUHT

By:Mah Gong Somchay

It was a clear blue day at the house of Maski.The two Log Gaurdians Azake
and Kamadake were standing by the gate scaring away dogs and Mailmans as
they come by.Well by accident that is.

G.Azake:*yawn*Good morning Kamadake.

G.Kamadake:Goooood morning Azake.Say isn't it today that Ping and those
other 3 guys go look for their apartment?

G.Azake:Why yes it is gonna be quite here with out them hanging around.

G.Kamadake:Yes I hope they find their apartment.

G.Azake I hope so to.Look somebody is coming remember be polite.

A woman with a suitecase comes walking by the two log gaurdians.She stops to
rest.

G.Azake:Goooooood Morning!

G.Kamadake:Yes how are you?

Woman:EEEEEEEEKKKK!!!!{Runs off}



EPISODE 3
                        NO NEED FOR APARTMENT

Ping was helping Tenchi out in the field hoping to repay him all the
hospatality that Tenchi gave him and his three freinds."Ping"Tenchi said
stopping to rest from all that planting.

Ping:Esung?

Tenchi:^_^' This has been kinda been running through my head.Are you and
Kiyone uhhhhh

Ping:{stops working}Naw man were like brothers and sisters and besides she's
my commander.

Tenchi:What rank are you?

Ping:I'm uhhhhhhh*coughs*Patrol man.

Tenchi:Ohhhhh.How did you guys meet?

Ping:We met like 8 years ago while she was in school.

Tenchi:^_^' Ohhhhh.So uh forgive me for asking.But if you been in the police
force for a long time how come you haven't move up ranks?

Ping:We just graduated 3 weeks ago.

Tenchi:Oh sorry.But Uhhhhh what drawn you to the galaxy police?

Ping:Oh funny story actually.It was like last year before we joined up.We
lost our job and decided to go space tripping you know just to keep us cool.

Tenchi:^_^'  Uhhhh whats space tripping?

Ping:Its sort of like road tripping except

Tenchi:Whats road tripping?

Ping:Its what some of the people in America do they go out in the counrty
road with their vehicles and drink alot beer and then drive their car around
except we did this out in space and we were drinking Beeya and some Sake and
let me tell you they don't mix.

Tenchi{Laughs}Hahahahha and let me guess she was the one that caught you
guys.

Ping:Yep and you know one those test they do on you to check if your drunk?

Tenchi:Yeah?You guys faild it didn't you?

Ping:Well not exactly.Kiyone Reconized us and decided to let us go.Then she
mention us joining the Galaxy police.We were so Mao Lao we didn't hear what
she said.So the next day we woke up and we ended up taking orders from some
crazy drill sergeant.

Tenchi:{laughs}hahahahah Thats crazy!

Ping:Yea.Tell me about it.Southi got in a fight with that drill sergeant one
time to.

Tenchi:Hmmmmm that must be some fight.

Ping:Yeah tell me about it.Southi lost that fight to her.

Tenchi:Her?Well anyways what happen after that?

Ping:After 2 months of training Kiyone stoped by and explain what happen.So
we decided what the heck lets finish the training.

Tenchi:Hahahahahaaaaa thats some story.

Ping:Yea.

~~~~~2 hours later

Sasami,Ryo-Oki,and Boomboi were making lunch in the kitchen.It appears that
Sasami was making a special sauce in a big pot.

Sasami:^-^ Hey.Boomboi try this.

Boomboi takes out a spoon spoon a little bit of sauce out and then tasted it
he smacked his lips a couple of times and then gets another spoonful.

Sasami:Weeeell?

Boomboi:Mmmmm this is Bad.

Sasami:What?I added too much salt then.

Boomboi:No no no.As in Bad Good.

Sasami:Bad good?Bad means good?

BoomBoi:Well there's two different meanings Bad as in good like 'Hey yo I
like that shirt its bad.'or bad as in Southi's breath in the morning.

Southi:{from the other room}Hey man shutup!I heard that!

Sasami:{gigles}hehehe

Kiyone and Mihoshi comes into the kitchen.Kiyone was scolding Mihoshi about
what happen on their patrol the other night.

Kiyone:Mihoshi.I can't believe you.

Mihoshi:But it was an accident.I didn't mean to spill coffee all over the
computer system and mess up your ship.

Kiyone:There's always an accident when your around cause

Boomboi:Hey hey wasup there?

Kiyone:Ohhhh nothing.Where's Ping?

Sasami:He's out in the feild helping Tenchi.They should be back soon.

Ryo-oki: ^_^ Meow meow meooow

At that moment they hear Tenchi's laughter coming closer to the room.Ping
and Tenchi entered into the room still laughing from the story Ping told
Tenchi.

Ping:Its true man c'mon hahahahaha

Kiyone:Ahem.

Ping:^_^ Oh wasup Biyone? I mean Kiyone.

Kiyone:Telling Tenchi that story huh?

Ping:Oh yeah its funny don't you think?

Kiyone:I guess.Are you guys ready?

Boomboi:Hold up.Hold up.Lets get tweedle dee and Tweedle dumb in here first.

Jyun&Southi:Shut up man we heard that foo.{they come walking in}

Ping:Hey yo are you guys ready?

Southi:Yeah were ready.Hey why do we have to leave?If its getting crowded
why don't we do like those two knights do?You know sleep outside with with
with the tree's.

Boomboi:Don't stutter.Cause we aint Jurian Knights.

Jyun:Why do Knights on Juria do that?

Ping:I don't know something about 'To be a true Jurian Knight you must be
one with the forest green surounding you' I don't know it has to do
something about tree's.Hey Tenchi Sasami would you guys like to come?

Tenchi:^_^ Yeah sure.

Ryoko comes through the ceiling like a ghost and then teleports behind
Tenchi and then puts her arm around Tenchi.

Ryoko:Wasup guys.Hellooooooo Tenchiiiiiiiii.

Tenchi:Uhhhhhh ^_^' hi ryoko.

Ryoko:Nevermind.Hey so you guys going to get your apartment?

Ping:Yep.

Ryoko:Can I come along?

Jyun:I guess It wouldn't hurt

Southi:What about Ayeka?

Ayeka comes marching in with an angry expression on her face.

Ayeka:{quite mad}Oooooooooo!Ryoko!You feind I will get you!Huh?{looks
around}Whats this?

Jyun:Were on our way to get our apartment.Would you like to come?

Ayeka:Well I don't kn

Southi:Sasami,Ryo-oki,Tenchi and Ryoko are

Ayeka:Ok I'll go!

Kiyone:^_^' Uhhhhhhh shall we get going?

Mihoshi:^.^  I know a good apartment for you guys.

Ping:Aight lets check it out then.

They tried the apartment Mihoshi mention but the problem is that it is too
small for the four to live in.Everything were packed in close tightly hardly
anybody could move freely."Hey this place is ah"said Southi squeezing
between Tenchi and Sasami.

Southi:Man this place is too small.{squeezing between Ping and Boomboi}

Ping:Geeez man!Talk that way could you!?

Southi:Mah breath aint that bad.

Ping:Chea!Don't you brush your teeth?

Southi:Of course!

Boomboi:Chea!

Ping:Hey!Mihoshi!

Mihoshi:What?

Ping:I thought you said this will right for us.

Mihoshi:Huh?What?Whats wrong?

Ping:(_ _)'   It is too small!Now how suppose Boomboi stir fry some rice
when his stir frying elbow is in the bathroom sink?

Mihoshi:You think so?I think its cozy.

Southi:Its small!

Mihoshi:Yeah but.

Boomboi:Its small.

Mihoshi:Yea but

Ryoko:{squeezes between Ayeka and Tenchi}Oh can it Mihoshi!You heard them
its small.

Mihoshi:^_^ Well think

Everybody but Mihoshi:IT'S SMALL!!!!!!!!

They tried the next apartment this time Ayeka mentions it.The apartment was
perfect it look more like a big luxuries house.Even though it was perfect
the apartment also has its problem.

Sasami:Wow this place is huge.Right Ryo-oki?

Ryo-oki:Meow meow.

Ayeka:^_^Seeeeeee I told ya it's perfect.

Kiyone:Yea Look at the view.

Jyun:Its nice and all but uh.

Southi:Its too expensive.

Ayeka:I'm sure you can find a way.

Boomboi:Look at us Ayeka.Do we have platnuims around our neck?Or maybe some
gold and silver on our fingers?We aint got that money.

Southi:Look at that we don't need that chandeleer up there.

Ayeka:Yeah but its perfect for ya

Ping:We can live here.

Ayeka:Really?

Ping:If we were rich thong sandal sales men or druglords.Quick lets try the
next apartment.

They try the next apartment this time Ryoko mention it.The apartment was
beat down and looked like nobody live there in years.It was located in the
most dangerous part of Okayame.They could hear guns going off and people
yelling from the outside.

Ryoko:^_^ Here it is guys you can hang your sign 'Home sweet home' over
there on the wall.

Ayeka:*sarcasticly*Oh this is a nice apartment.

Ryoko:Quite!At least they could afford this one.

Jyun:Dang man look!Is that blood splattered on the wall?

Southi:{looks out the window}Nice view.

Ping:We can't take this one.

Ryoko:Why not?

Ayeka:You heard him he can't take your death trap.

Ayeka and Ryoko quickly makes eye contact like they were gonna fight.

Ryo-oki:Meow meow meow.

Sasami:Don't worry I'll protect you.

Kiyone:Ugh.This place is nasty.

Mihoshi:The bathroom toilet looks cleaner then this.

While They were having their look around the apapartment Southi quickly
spots a speeding car full of armed thugs.

Southi:Awww snap!Here comes a car with people with guns in it!

Boomboi&Ping:{looks at each other}DRIVE BY!!!!

Everybody quickly dives to ground while the bullets from guns began to shoot
through the window.Messing up everything even more.

Boomboi:Nice place I'll take it.Not!

Jyun:Dude lets get outa here!

Sasami:{still ducked down}I think there's a place you might like.

Jyun:I hope its better then this one.

They tried the next apartment that Sasami mention.It was a peaceful
neigberhood it was in the little kids were out playing and it sat right by a
candy store where Sasami likes to go at times.

Ping:Wow!I like it and its affordable.

Sasami:Seeeee.

Kiyone:This place is nice.

Mihoshi:Yeah.

Tenchi:^_^ Sasami you got good taste.

Sasami:Thanks.

Southi:So wheres the landlord?

Jyun:Yeah I want that paper sign.

Voice:Too bad.

Tenchi:Huh?

A big tall man steps out from the shadow in a creepy way.

Southi:Why is that?

Jyun:Yeah.

Man:I allready bought this whole building and were gonna knock it down to
put a carrot shipping factory over it.

Ryo-oki looks to be happy when she heard carrot.Except for the the others.

Ryo-oki:^_^Meooooww meow meow meooooooooooow.

Ping:Oh heck naw!We finally find a apartment and you have to ruing
it!Jyun!Boomboi!Drop him now!

Kiyone:What are you doing?

Ping:I'm gonna kick his butt thats what I'm gonna do!

Southi,Tenchi,Boomboi,Kiyone,and Jyun began to hold him back and then
started towards the door to leave.

Ping:Let me at him!Let me at him!

Kiyone:Ping!Stay clam!Now!{pushes him out the door}

~~~~~Later that day

After trying many many apartements after that They find themselves sittingt
on the curve of a street in exhaustion somewhere near Tenchi's school.

Ping*sigh*Will we ever find that apartment?

Southi:Probally not.

Boomboi:Dang man.

Jyun:*sigh*This stinks.

Tenchi:C'mon you guy's we'll look again tommorow.How about that?

Jyun:I guess your right.

Ping:Well.......Hey!Where's Kiyone?

Kiyone comes walking by with a big smile on her face.

Kiyone:Hey guys I found apartment.

Southi:Let me guess this one is haunted?

Kiyone:Nope.

Jyun:Its really a drug house?

Kiyone:Nooooo.

Ping:Hold up.We might as well try this one.

Kiyone:^_^ Don't worry you'll love it!

They check out the apartment at a big building which wasn't too far from
their location.The building was a six story high building full of people.But
they were lucky that ther was only one left.The apartment has four
bedrooms,1 big bathroom and a kitchen.The apartment was not too big or too
small so it was perfect.It has a sun roof and a big window in the living
room.

Jyun:This is perfect!

Southi:Look at this.This is nice.

Jyun:What do you think Ping?

Ping:Hmmmmmm...............^_^ Mun Kuck Lia Lia nah.

Jyun:Ohhhhhhh Kuck lia jia.

Kiyone:What did you guys say?

Ping:It's really nice.

Tenchi:This is nice.

Ryo-oki:Meow meow.

The landlord of the apartment comes walking in.

Landlord:Excuse meh did you like de apartment.

Ping:Uhhh yeah.Oh you must be speaking english.

Landlord:Excuse me?Well anyways my name is Charles Nymph the third,My
father,and his father owned this building before.Would you men

Ping:We'll take it.

Charles:Huh?But you

Southi:Thats ok.We love it allready.

Charles:Ok.{takes out paper}Sign here.And I'll get the rest of the papers
ready tommorow.

Ping signs his signiture and then pays the guy his money for the first month
that is.

Charles:.......Ok have a Jolly good o'l time.ta ta.

Boomboi:Ta ta?Whats ta ta?Tia and Chilli sauce?

Ping:Noooooo nevermind that.

The landlord left with out saying anything.

Southi:So this is gonna be our place huh?Nice.

Boomboi:Well we got our place.But its quite empty.

Ping:Don't worry we'll get some adaption.{joyfully starts
laughing}Finally!Tenchi.You guys can come and visit anytime.You want!You let
us know your coming and we'll get some Genseng Tea ready for ya.

Tenchi:^_^ Wow thanks.

Kiyone:I'm glad you guy's like it.

Jyun:Well uhhhh Ryoko and Ayeka can come when their in a good mood.After
hearing about Kiyone and Mihoshi's place.

Ayeka&Ryoko:Hmph!We didn't want to come to your place in the palce
anyway.{Looks at each other}Stop copying me!Grrrrrrrrr STOP it!NO you stop
it!Knock it off!

Mihoshi:Uh Oh.

Ping: ^_^'   *sigh*...............................

Tenchi: I put up the windows if I were you.




                               THE END

Washu:This is Washu Chan the great genuis speeeeaking!On our next episode
Noboyukie is having an important guest come by for dinner and he ask Ping
and the others a favor.Ping and Jyun are his Butler,Southi and Boomboi are
his cooks.Oh this is gonna be something.Hey you bring me some water!

Ping:This is only gonna be for one night Washu.

Washu:What ever now go and get my slippers!Coming up is NO NEED FOR FAVORS!

Kiyone:It's Unquestio

Washu{intterupts}Don't worry I got this one.Its unquestionbaly faithful.