	
Disclaimer - Tenchi and the crew are unfortunately not my property.  I 
had no part in creating them, though I am desperately trying to figure 
out how to give myself Ryoko's abilities.  I am not writing this for 
the purpose of making money, though if any kind souls see fit to give 
donations I will not complain.  I am writing merely because I'm an 
obsessive person in general and I really need to get it out of my 
system.  Mayhem is my creation however, and anyone using him without my 
OK will anger the Great Shaven Cat Goddess and cause her to sic her 
elite pack of Killer Llamas on you.  Criticism is welcome, flames are 
ignored, praise will inflate my ego greatly, and make sure I actually 
finish this one-day.  Enjoy.

Many thanks to my talented editor, and fellow fanfic author, for his 
help in making this readable.  THANK YOU DREZ!!!!


Mayhem, Chaos, and General Messes
Chapter 4
Storytime & Interruptions


	It was a beautiful day by almost anyone's standards.  The sun was 
shining, there were only a few small, scattered, cottony, clouds in the 
sky, the birds were singing and all that other fun happy stuff humans 
generally associate with a nice day was going on.  Which in of itself 
was kind of unusual considering the fact that this nice day was going 
on around the Masaki shrine.  Usually by this time of day all the birds 
had been scared away by the sound of explosions and other assorted 
violence, and the air would already smell of ozone and burnt 
vegetation.  The reason for this relative quiet can be found in the 
living room, and is extremely nervous.

	Mayhem had settled himself on one of the living rooms comfortable 
array of seats while the group waited for Washu to fish out the 
equipment she needed from her lab.  Ryoko stood behind him, her arms 
crossed in front of her, her body language tense and alert.  Ayeka had 
chosen to take one of the seats nearest to him, acting as a barrier 
between him and the rest of the group.  He shot her a small,  thankful 
smile for this, which she replied to with a slight smirk and a barely 
noticeable nod of acknowledgment.

	The place beside Ayeka was taken by Sasami, who leaned against 
her Sister, obviously trying not to nod off as they waited for Washu to 
get her equipment together.  Guilt twisted his heart in his chest once 
again at the sight of the exhausted child.  The odd little half-cat 
half-rabbit creature that he'd vaguely noticed following the group 
before rested in the little girls lap, nuzzling up against her.  On the 
other side of Sasami the boy, Tenchi, if he remembered the name 
correctly, sat eyeing him with obvious curiosity.  

	Kiyone sat across from him. Idly playing with her sidearm and 
occasionally shooting him a stern, warning, glare.  Beside her, the 
second GP officer just sat staring at him, her face scrunched up in 
thought, looking slightly confused.  Finally she stopped chewing on her 
lip and asked him a question, raising her had to get his attention.  
"Umm... Do you want a snack or something Mr. Mayhem?" she asked, her 
voice friendly.

	"A snack?" he asked, genuinely surprised.  The rest of the people 
in the room merely settled for groaning softly or rolling their eyes at 
Mihoshi's question.  Kiyone stopped playing with her gun to rub her 
temples in an attempt to ward of the migraine she could feel starting 
to form.

	"Well yeah!" she responded brightly "I mean, you must think we're 
the rudest people in the whole universe at this point, the way everyone 
is acting!" 

	He couldn't help it, he really couldn't, all the guilt, all the 
tension of the past few days, and the absurdity of Mihoshi's statement 
did him in.  He started laughing, and kept on laughing until his 
stomach muscles were aching and he was on the floor.  All the tension 
in the room seemed to disappear all at once as the confused group 
watched one of the most feared criminals in the galaxy roll helplessly 
on the floor, trying desperately to catch his breath and regain a 
semblance of control.  Ayeka knelt beside him and asked him if he was 
all right, which only succeeded in setting off a new round of giggles.

	"Well he's lost it." Ryoko commented snidely, though he could 
hear a slight chuckle in her voice when she said it.  

	Ignoring the comment for the moment, he pushed himself into a 
sitting position and with considerable effort brought himself back 
under control.  "Actually, I could use a snack Miss..."  He raised an 
eyebrow in question, giving the blonde young woman a broad smile.

	"Mihoshi!" she answered returning his smile.  "I'll be right 
back." she said cheerily and stood up to get something from the 
kitchen. 

	"Oh, Mihoshi, one other thing..."

	"Yes Mr. Mayhem?" she asked turning around to look at him, her 
expression curious, but still cheerful.

	"Thank you."  He said, smiling gratefully.

	"Your welcome!"  and with that she bounced off to the kitchen, 
humming absently to herself.

	Hoisting himself back onto his seat he gave the watching group an 
embarrassed grin.  "Sorry, didn't mean to go nuts on you just then... 
but I really needed that.  It's been a tense few weeks for me.  Even if 
I ignore what's happened over the past three days or so."

	"If the police reports I've read are even halfway accurate, I 
believe it."  Washu remarked as she entered the room, hauling a cart 
piled high with vaguely sinister looking machinery.  "Now if you'll 
hold still while I set everything up."  With that she started plugging 
things in, taping sensors to various parts of his body... and to top 
things off, an oversized, light and sensor studded, helmet that looked 
like it came straight out of an old B-movie.  "If this light turns red 
your lying, if it turns yellow your telling us the truth but leaving 
something out, if it stays green your telling the truth."  She 
explained briefly, pointing at an oversized light above one readout 
screen.

	"Umm... is all this really necessary?" he asked nervously as she 
finished hooking everything up and Mihoshi rejoined the group.  She 
placed a tray of snacks on the table before plopping back into her seat 
to watch, munching happily on a cookie.

	"Unless you really want to wait a day or so for me to make a 
refined version of the machine..." Washu let her voice trail off, an 
amused smirk on her face.

	"Ummm... so what's next then?" he answered quickly, absently 
grabbing a cookie from the tray.

	"Why don't you just tell them what you've told me Keith."  Ayeka 
suggested softly, ignoring the looks the rest of the group gave her 
when she called him by his previously unknown first name.  "Or at least 
an edited version." she amended upon noticing the pained look he gave 
her at the suggestion.

	Settling back into his chair with a sigh he began his story. 
"Well, I was on a cross country trip to visit my grandparents..."



	It was freezing out under the starlit desert night, and he was 
cursing his rotten luck that his car had decided to die a good ten 
miles from anywhere.  Of course just about every place in New Mexico 
was a miles from anywhere.  He probably would have been more surprised 
if the van had broken down in town or even near a house.  It was his 
own fault for trying to get the last hundred miles to his Grandparents 
place out of the way that night, but still.  

	"Well at least I had my hiking pack with me."  He muttered under 
his breath as he readjusted said pack to a more comfortable position.  
Of course, as comforting as it's presence was, the packs weight was 
still more than enough to slow him down.

	That's why the lights he saw on the horizon an hour after he'd 
left were extremely encouraging.  Right up to the point the got close 
enough for him to tell that they were a good dozen meters off the 
surface of the road.  It was enough to give him a really bad feeling in 
the pit of his stomach and bringing to mind years of  UFO specials on 
TV.  The fact that it, whatever it was, was completely silent didn't 
help.  He found himself suddenly glad that he'd emptied his bladder 
just a few minutes before, otherwise he may very well have pissed his 
pants then and there.  

	The beam of white light that engulfed him a few seconds later 
really just confirmed his fears.  He had just enough time to let out a 
shocked "Crap." before he lost consciousness.



	"You were kidnapped?" Mihoshi exclaimed, surprised.  "How awful!"  
Kiyone rolled her eyes at her partners question, trying to figure out 
how she managed to miss the irony of the statement.

	"Abducted."  he corrected with a pained smile.  "I don't think 
they were specifically going after me."

	"Please, continue Keith."  Tenchi encouraged.

	"Well anyway..." 



	When Keith woke up he had a migraine that made his head feel like 
it was going to cave in.  That and the slowly fading numbness he felt 
every place else were the only things he could really notice for a 
while.  The next thing he noticed was the background noise.  Keith 
could hear hushed voices that could have come from any human mouth 
mixing with whistles, growls, hoots, and a dozen other noises he 
couldn't relate to anything he'd ever heard before.  The next sense 
that returned to him was his sense of smell.  Fortunately, or 
unfortunately depending on how you looked at it, all Keith could smell 
was himself and the heavily recycled air of wherever he was.  His sense 
of touch returned to him shortly after as the last of the numbness 
faded.  It was cold, not unbearably so, but enough to notice, and he 
was lying one a hard surface made of what felt like wood.  All and all 
it wasn't terribly pleasant.

	It took him a good 15 minutes or more after that before Keith 
could even open his eyes.  The scene that greeted him when he did 
though wasn't anything like what he'd expected.  He found himself in a 
dimly lit cell... bare except for what must have been a toilet, a sink,  
and the tiny cubbyhole he was resting in.  The presence of his pack in 
one corner just confused him.  "Why the hell did the leave me my 
pack... I'm mean they took the time to take it off me, why'd they leave 
it in the cell with me?"  He muttered to himself, pleased to find that 
he could at least talk.

	"Actually they didn't do anything but dump you in the cell." came 
a soft, slightly throaty voice from above.  A second later a pair of 
rather well formed legs swung into view from above.  "I'm the one who 
took your pack off and put you there."  With that the person hopped 
down from their perch.

	The young looking girl that jumped down was slightly shorter than 
him despite the fact that she stood on her toes, her feet seemingly a 
cross between a humans and a cats.  She was covered in a thin, 
extremely fine layer of tawny fur that did nothing to conceal the sleek 
form and toned muscles underneath it.  Her ears were in the right 
place, give or take a few centimeters, but they were longer, with 
pointed ends standing well away from her head and ending in tufts of 
pure black fur that matched the mane that tumbled from her head to 
about halfway down her back.  A long tail swayed lazily behind the cat-
girl, a black tuft of fur at its end matching the ones on her ears.  
Her slit-pupiled eyes flashed silver in the dim light and she gave him 
a grin that displayed a fairly impressive set of fangs.  Her clothes 
were rather simple, a pair of shorts modified to give her tail freedom 
of movement and a white tank top that left her stomach bare.  Keith 
absently noted that she did have a belly button.

	"Hey, no need to stare, you look pretty odd to me too Hun." the 
cat-girl said after a bit, obviously a bit amused at his reaction.

	Keith furrowed his brow and listened closely as she spoke.  "Your 
not speaking English are you?" despite how he phrased it, it wasn't 
really a question.

	The girl shrugged, the gesture doing interesting things to her 
suddenly all-to-human form.  "And your not speaking Tahklatian." she 
replied glibly.  She parted her hair to reveal a small scar just behind 
her ear.  "Everybody here has one, I think they implanted a translation 
device of some sort when they snatched each of us."  

	Keith felt behind his ear and rubbed at the new scar, even that 
small movement was a real effort.  "Why?" he asked quietly.  "I mean 
why did they take us, why did they do any of this?  Whoever they are."

	"I don't know." the girl admitted with a shrug, taking a seat on 
the edge of his, for lack of a better word, bed.  "I actually got her 
at the same time you did, more or less.  You've been unconscious for 5 
of this places days."

	"Five days?" he asked, surprised.  

	"Yep." she confirmed, "How are you feeling anyway?  You haven't 
moved more than an inch since you woke up."

	"Like someone's been using me as a punching bag for all of those 
five days." he responded with a slight groan.  "So, what's your name 
anyway?"  he asked after a quick, completely ineffective attempt at 
sitting up.

	"My Clan name is Talia." she answered.  "My truename is knowledge 
you'll have to earn.  You?"

	He raised an eyebrow at this but shot her a quick grin as he 
answered.  "Well, my friends all call me Mayhem.  I'll tell you my real 
name when you tell me your truename."

	She gave him a wry grin before giggling slightly.  "Fair enough 
Mayhem."



	"It took me a week or so before I was back on my feet."  Keith 
explained, "So I didn't meet any of the other residents of the ship for 
a bit.  I just learned what Talia did.  She'd bring me food from the 
mess hall and tell me what she'd learned during that day." he said, a 
small, wistful smile on his face.

	"So did you ever find out who kidnapped you?"  Mihoshi asked, her 
eyes wide.

	"That was the easy part actually.  They didn't really try and 
hide it."  He met Mihoshi's wide blue eyes as he answered.  "Slave 
Traders."  Mihoshi and Sasami both gasped.  Kiyone's face got hard, a 
tight-lipped frown marring her normally lovely features.  Washu just 
nodded slightly, though Keith could smell a wave of anger radiate from 
her at the revelation.  Ryoko and Tenchi exchanged a brief glimpse, 
their expressions surprised.  Ayeka, who had heard this before, reached 
over and gave his hand a brief, encouraging squeeze.

	"Well anyway, from what we gathered from the other prisoners what 
they'd do is grab individuals from pre-star travel worlds and sell them 
to whoever was willing to pay the price they asked."  He scowled 
briefly before adding "Apparently it was considered a mark of high 
status in certain circles."

	"Did you ever find out why you got so sick that first week or 
so?"  Tenchi asked, a small frown on his face despite the curious note 
in his voice.

	"Errr..." Mayhem rubbed the back of his head nervously as he 
thought about how to answer the question.  "Have any of you seen any 
security footage of me fighting?"

	Washu, Kiyone, Tenchi, and Ryoko nodded almost in union to 
indicate that they had, the rest of the group just got blank looks on 
their faces.

	"Well, those of you who have may have noticed that I'm a bit 
faster and stronger than the human norm."  

	"That's one way of putting it."  Washu commented with a smirk.  
"No normal human should be capable of half the stuff you did in the 
fights I saw, but then again your not exactly a normal human are you?"

	"Well..."



	For the past three weeks the routine had been almost mind-
numbingly unchanged.  Twice a day for about an hour at a time they were 
herded out of their cell by an imposing guard that towered over him by 
a good two feet.  If that had been all, he might have considered making 
a break for it.  However, as imposing as the guard was, the gun he 
carried was even more so.  Add that to the fairly obvious remote 
weapons mounted at intervals along the corridor ceiling... and both he 
and Talia agreed that cooperation would be the wisest course of action.

	After leaving the cell they would be taken to the mess hall.  A 
large room filled to the brim with narrow metal tables with narrower 
metal benches... all bolted securely to the floor of course.  The walls 
were bare hull plating, with one large window looking out into space on 
one side.  This wasn't there to keep the prisoners happy.   Instead the 
fact that it was obviously designed to open served as an implied threat 
about what might happen if they got out of hand.

	As best they could tell groups of prisoners with similar physical 
needs would be brought in at regular intervals and were given a half 
hour to eat.  (He was pretty sure that the group before theirs breathed 
an entirely different atmosphere because the room always smelled 
slightly of sulfur for the first ten minutes or so of their time 
there.)  The other prisoners ranged widely in shape and form.  There 
were three or four that could have passed for humans if you didn't look 
too closely.   Others were actually rather like Talia, their basic 
physiology more or less humanoid, but with traits that were far from 
human. One individual looked like a centaur straight out of a Greek 
myth... so long as you ignored the fact that his facial features were 
proportioned wrong.  The rest... were alien enough that he really 
didn't have anything specific to compare them to.  	

	One in particular stood out among them though.  It was about as 
tall as he was but considerably more massive.  He was pretty sure it 
qualified as a vertebrate, but the chintinous plates and spines that 
studded it's skin hid most of the details of it's anatomy.  Even it's 
arms were hidden most of the time.  All three of them would blend in 
with the rest of the creature's body to the point that they were 
practically invisible when It wasn't making use of them.  The end 
result was that it looked like little more than a three-legged ball of 
black spines.  If that had been all Keith probably wouldn't have paid 
much attention to the odd creature, as it came from an extremely 
primitive world, and really didn't have much to offer to the 
conversations.  It never even bothered to give a name or planet of 
origin.  The reason it stood out so much was it's behavior.  

	For the first few days it simply hid in the darkest corner it 
could find and watched the room.  After that it started focusing in on 
some of the smaller prisoners, nine tiny red eyes peering out from 
among the spines.  Finally after about the tenth day after Keith first 
started going to the mess hall, it happened.  One of the smallest 
prisoners, a tiny, fox-like humanoid named Fanrel that had managed to 
endear herself to a number of the other people in their group got to 
close.  It moved almost to fast for him too see, one black clawed hand 
snaking out to grab the tiny girl by one of her legs.  He heard a snap 
as her leg broke and pale pink blood stained her clothing as it's claws 
bit deeply.

	He was moving before he even realized it.  Several of the other 
prisoners close behind him.  He didn't even feel the change, despite 
the fact that it was radical enough to pop every button off his flannel 
shirt and shred the sleeves.  The furred, clawed hand that took the 
Things arm off at the halfway point didn't phase him, as he was too 
busy getting Fanrel as far away from It as he could.  It's high pitched 
wailing and the stomach-wrenching smell that accompanied the thick 
black ichor that dripped from it's severed limb were bad enough that he 
didn't notice anything had happened to him even after he got the small 
being away from it.

	"Why did you steal my prey from me Demon!"  The thing shrieked, 
it's high pitched, clicking manner of speech grating even after being 
translated into something he could understand.

	"Your ""Prey"" is a sentient being!"  Talia growled from beside 
him, answering for him while he busied himself in removing the severed 
limb from Fanrel's leg and treating the wounds as best he could, while 
trying not to throw up from both the smell of the ichor and the sight 
of the small beings wounds.

	"It is not of my people!  It is rightfully prey!" the Thing 
screeched back.  "If it is not strong enough to defend itself it is for 
whatever can catch it to consume!"

	Talia was practically shaking with rage.  "You so much as touch 
any other person in this room and I swear to the Mother I will rip you 
in half and use your sorry carcass as a toilet."  She hissed, her claws 
extended.

	It hissed back and spread it's spines, it's two uninjured arms 
coming into full view, the central one displaying an oversized, blade-
like spine, as it took a few skittering steps in her direction.  The 
only thing that stopped it from turning into a to-the-death fight was 
the hiss of gas being pumped into the room.  The entire group was 
unconscious in a matter of seconds.



	"When I woke up back in my cell later on I hadn't reverted to my 
normal form yet."  He shot the group a broad smile, showing off a set 
of fangs that would have looked perfectly at home on a lion.  A set of 
fangs that hadn't been present the last time he opened his mouth.  
Mihoshi yelped and fell off of her seat, Sasami gasped quietly, but the 
demonstration only warranted raised eyebrows from the rest of the 
group.

	"Well that explains why that one guy screamed so loud in the 
security footage." Washu remarked dryly.  Keith blushed red at the 
comment.

	"You mentioned fur."  Tenchi observed.  "Exactly how extensive is 
the change?"

	"Well I have fairly complete control of it at this point, so I 
usually don't go much beyond fangs and claws."  He began, "The complete 
change though... well, any of you know what a werewolf is?"

	"Like in those Earth horror movies?"  Ryoko asked.

	"Something like that."  He said with a grin, the fangs gone 
again.  "I stay humaniod, but my arms get a bit longer, my legs a bit 
shorter, gain a tail, my face gets a bit more animalistic, claws, 
fangs, fur, ect..."  He paused for a few seconds before continuing.  
"Most of that's really just cosmetic stuff though.  The real changes 
are internal, and a lot of them are more or less full-time, permanent 
changes."

	"Well that explains the unusually dense musculature, the modified 
structure of your bone tissue, and the higher than average metabolism."  
Washu remarked.  "What?" she exclaimed indignantly at the looks the 
group gave her.  "Did you really think that all of this was for 
something as simple as a lie detector?"  She said, gesturing at the 
cart of equipment.

	"So anyway..." Mayhem said, giving the diminutive scientist a 
nervous glance.



	It took him the better part of a day to figure out how to change 
back to his normal form.  And even then he noticed that there were a 
few details out of place.  His canines, while not quite fangs, were 
more pronounced than before and sharper.  His hair was noticeably 
thicker than it had been... a fact he was actually elated about.  But 
the most obvious thing, to him anyway, was the silver sheen his 
formerly green-gray eyes had taken on.

	The next two weeks were uneventful.  Every few days a new being 
would be added to the group in the mess hall, but things were 
relatively quiet.  The Creature that had attacked Fanrel never showed 
up again, and the little being herself was reintroduced only a few days 
later, her leg in a cast but otherwise fine.

	The only thing that really broke the monotony of being there was 
the companionship of his cell-mate.  She was from a world at about the 
same stage of development as Earth.  Perhaps a bit more advanced, but 
not by all that much.  She was intelligent, quick witted, friendly, 
cute... and fast asleep.

	Keith sighed slightly as he watched her sleep.  Her world had a 
much shorter day than Earth's, and it was taking a lot of time for her 
to readjust to the ships day/night cycle.  He'd gotten used to the 
twenty six and a half hour day after the first week of so, but Talia 
would occasionally just crash completely.  Like now.  When that 
happened it got ridiculously dull in the bare cell.  He'd already re-
read the books he'd had in his pack several times now, and the 
batteries on his gameboy were long since dead.  So here he was, sitting 
quietly against the far wall watching Talia sleep, curled up in his 
sleeping bag, her delicate features serene.

	It was actually not a bad way to pass the time he admitted to 
himself.  But it still left him too much time to think.  He knew his 
family must have been going nuts by now.  His Mother was not the most 
level headed person at the best of times, she must have been going out 
of her head by now.  His Father was too much like him to go entirely to 
pieces, but however gruff the man may have been at times, he loved his 
family dearly and it must have been tearing him up inside.  His 
sister...  

	Keith shook his head angrily, squeezing his eyes shut against the 
tears he could feel forming.  To distract himself he started running 
through a few exercises he and Talia had worked out to help him learn 
how to control his shape-shifting abilities.  Concentrating on his 
fingertips he willed them to changed.  The feeling of bone changing 
shape underneath the skin was weird, but it didn't hurt, just tingled 
slightly.  As it changed shaped, the nail grew around it, pushing back 
the soft skin and giving the curved, pointed, bone underneath it a 
razor sharp cutting edge.  That done he willed them back to their 
normal shape.  He did this over and over again, each time trying to do 
it a bit faster.  He'd vary their shape each time as well.  Making them 
shorter, longer, straight, curved.  He became so absorbed in the 
activity that he didn't notice Talia wake up.

	"Aww, no fur this time?" the cat-girl asked with an exaggerated 
pout.

	"Not this time." He replied, sticking his tongue out at her 
jokingly.  "I personally think I'm shaggy enough as it is."  He 
emphasized it by rubbing the ragged growth of beard on his cheeks.  
"Besides, one furball per cell is enough."  He added the second comment 
with a wink and a broad smile.

	"I may be furry, but I'm hardly a ball."  She retorted with a 
wicked grin, stretching languorously on the bed to emphasize her point.

	He wolf-whistled, only half jokingly, in response.  "So Talia, 
pleasant dreams?"

	Talia's face fell slightly, her smile becoming slightly sad, but 
before she could answer the door of the cell slid open with a hiss, two 
of the imposing armored guards regarding the two with cold stares.  
Keith and Talia exchanged confused looks; it was still a good two hours 
till they were due in the mess hall.

	One of the guards spoke, his voice distorted by the helmet he 
wore.  "You're coming with us.  Now."
	


	Keith could remember a time when he'd enjoyed auctions.  
Admittedly he'd almost never bought anything at the ones he'd attended, 
but seeing what people were willing to spend their money on and for 
what reason was always interesting.  People would spend ridiculous sums 
of money on useless items if they were being sold for the right cause.  
Or if they felt the item was a sign of status.  Some of the weirdest 
things were considered a sign of status.  

	For some reason though, Keith was finding it very hard to take an 
interest in this particular auction.  At least not the kind of interest 
he usually took.  It might have had something to do with what was being 
auctioned off.

	"This fine specimen we captured on a primitive world called 
Earth."  The auctioneer was a fat, jovial looking man.  His deep purple 
hair was slicked back.  Oily with whatever he used to style it.  He was 
dressed in garish clothing that Keith assumed was expensive, if 
tasteless.  If it hadn't been for the chains securing his hands and 
feet in place he probably would have kicked the man.  As it was he 
settled for giving the crowd the most psychotic, I'm going to kill you 
all, type of grin he could manage, displaying the fangs he'd grown just 
for the purpose.

	"When we originally picked him up we didn't expect much 
honestly."  The auctioneer continued, giving his audience a 
conspiratorial wink.  "A house-servant perhaps, maybe just a pet."  The 
rotund man gave an exaggerated shrug when he said it, but his grin just 
got wider as he continued in a conspiratorial tone.  "But instead we 
found something rather interesting buried in his genetic makeup.  It 
was completely dormant, but we were curious, so our wonderful doctors 
did some tinkering to change that."

	Mayhem snapped his head around sharply to glare balefully at the 
auctioneer, an involuntary growl starting deep in his throat.  Now 
this... this was interesting, if more than a bit nerve-wracking.  The 
auctioneer brought up a small device, pointing it dramatically at Keith 
as the lights were dimmed and a low spotlight was focused on each of 
them.

	"And what they found..." the auctioneer paused dramatically, "was 
this."  With that the rotund man pressed a button on the device.  An 
arc of blue energy struck the tightly-bound Keith full in the chest, 
making his hair stand on end, and sent pain streaking through his body 
as the energy coursed across his form.  Keith's initial scream turned 
into an anguished howl as his body changed, and his instincts took 
over.  

	Straining against the chains that held him, Keith's form seemed 
to ripple as blood vessels formed and expanded within muscle tissue, 
the muscles bulging underneath his clothing.  A second ripple passed 
over his form as a thick brown and black pelt grew in, his hair 
darkening to a midnight black, the hair on his lower arms and legs 
following suit.  His face seemed to stretch, his jaws lengthening and 
his teeth changing to fangs.  His ears seemed to slip upward and 
reform, becoming purely canine.  And lastly his feet stretched and his 
ankle almost disappeared, forcing him to stand on his toes, and popping 
his feet out of his boots with an audible snap as the laces broke.  

	Gesturing to Mayhem's feral form with a sweep of his arm, the 
auctioneer smiled hugely at his shocked audience.  "Now, for this 
potential gladiator we'll start the bidding at a mere 2 million Jurai."



	"Let me guess," Kiyone interrupted, "you were bought by Duke 
Satoshima, right?"

	"Huh?" Keith blinked, trying to gather his thoughts.  "Oh, no, 
not at that point anyway."

	"Then who did they sell you to?" Tenchi asked, his voice curious.

	"A middleman,"  Ryoko cut in, her voice dripping with disgust "A 
trainer of some sort probably."

	"And the lovely lady gets it in one." Keith said, shooting Ryoko 
a small grin.  

	"Most of the people who could afford to buy a gladiator slave, 
and afford to keep one, generally thought themselves above dealing with 
slavers."  Keith explained.  "So instead, a trainer would buy potential 
gladiators and train them before selling them to the people who would 
actually have them compete.  Besides, a gladiator is a big investment, 
what with all the pay-offs and such, no point in buying one that'll get 
killed first time out."

	"Well that makes sense I guess."  Kiyone commented with a grimace 
of distaste, remembering some of the encounters she'd had with slavers 
in the past.  "You wouldn't happen to know the location of the training 
center, would you May... err... Keith?"

	"Ummm... actually, it doesn't exist anymore."  Keith responded, 
scratching the back of his head nervously.  He shuffled his feet a bit 
at the curious silence that followed, looking down at the ground as he 
tried to avoid the group's collective gaze.

	"What happened to it?"  Sasami asked, cutting in before anyone 
else could ask.

	"I burnt it to the ground."  Keith responded, his voice low and 
dangerous as he glared at something unseen.  A handful of seconds later 
he shook his head as if to clear it.  "Sorry, bad memories." he spoke 
quietly into the silence.

	"Anyway, you said the genetic coding for your new abilities was 
already present?"  Washu interrupted, breaking the tense silence.

	"So they said." Keith answered with a shrug.  "I haven't had much 
opportunity to confirm it, but whichever ancestor gave me the genes may 
very well be the source of the whole werewolf legend in the first 
place.  Or at least one of the sources anyway."  

	"Fascinating."  Washu murmured softly.  "Would you mind if I took 
some samples later?"  The diminutive scientist asked in her cutest 
voice, trying hard to look innocent.

	"What kind of samples did you have in mind Washu-chan?"  Keith 
replied, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively, an exaggerated, wolfish, 
grin on his face.

	"Why Mr. Mayhem!"  Washu replied, clasping her hands together and 
doing her best innocent little girl act, "Whatever could you be 
implying?"  

	"Ahem!"  Ayeka interrupted before Keith could answer Washu's 
question, fixing them both with disapproving glares.  "You two can 
flirt later.  Right now there are more important things to discuss."

	"Sorry Princess Ayeka."  Keith responded in a singsong voice.

	"Spoilsport."  Washu added.

	"Anyway... where was I again?"  Keith asked.

	"The gladiator training camp!"  Mihoshi answered cheerily, 
reaching for another cookie from the table.  "It's too bad Heero isn't 
here.  I bet he'd be really interested in this story."

	"H-Heero?"  Keith stuttered, the color draining from his face.




	The ash-gray galaxy police cruiser orbited high above the surface 
of the Earth, all but dead in space.  Aside from it's highly unusual 
coloring, it's owner had heavily modified the cruiser for his own 
purposes.  It's primary power source was built from blueprints smuggled 
at a high cost from the Galactic Science academy.  It's weapons array 
included devices that had been banned by nearly every sentient race in 
the galaxy, and it's shields were better than anything short of a 
Jurian warship's light hawk wings.

	In this nearly silent ship a handsome figure contemplated his 
next move.  Elegant hands were steepled in front of him as he listened 
to a conversation happening several hundred kilometers below his ship 
on the planets surface.  A thin bitter smile marred his almost 
beautiful features as he listened to the voice of his quarry.  

	"H-Heero?"  Mayhem's shocked exclamation came over the speakers. 

	"I do believe that is my que."  Heero said in an amused tone, a 
broad smile on his face.  "Soon.  Soon my Lord will be avenged.  Soon 
the mongrel wolf will be dead, and I will be free."  Heero whispered, 
his voice suddenly harsh.  Leaning forward slightly, he let one elegant 
hand moving to almost casually brush across a control panel.  "It is a 
pity about the princesses though."

	Outside, two black spheres fell away from the hull of the ashen 
cruiser and into the atmosphere of the blue planet below.



	"This Heero..."  Keith started, stuttering slightly, "...about 8 
cm taller than me?  Long blond hair?  Blue eyes?  Annoyingly good-
looking?"

	"That's him!" Mihoshi answered cheerily.  

	"Oh shi..." Keith started to say.

	The spheres impacted almost simultaneously, one hitting the lake 
with a resounding splash and consequently destroying the deck, the 
other taking out the storage shed and the past weeks harvest.  

	"What the hell was thAHHHHHHH!!!!!"  Ryoko's startled outburst 
quickly degenerated into an anguished scream, which was joined by the 
pained exclamations of the rest of the group as the air was filled with 
a skull-splitting electronic shriek.  

	Rolling on the floor in pain Washu barely managed to send a quick 
set of mental instructions to Ryoko, who quickly let off a barrage of 
plasma blasts through the wall, blowing the closer of the two spheres 
to hell.

	Staggering to her feet Washu shook her head violently trying to 
clear it, but merely succeeded in aggravating her already massive 
headache.  With a practiced mental command she activated her remote 
terminal.  Or at least tried to.  "Kuso."  She cursed when she realized 
that their attacker had also managed to put up a dimensional jammer of 
some sort, blocking her access to her equipment.  She continued cursing 
in that vein for several seconds longer and in a good dozen languages 
when she realized that she couldn't hear anything either.

	Keith could feel blood trickling out of his ears, but his hearing 
was already starting to return as his healing reflexes kicked in, 
mending his ruptured eardrums almost instantly.  Looking around he 
could tell that the rest of the group wasn't as lucky.  Ayeka, Sasami, 
and Kiyone hadn't been affected as badly as had been, or at least there 
was no blood coming from their ears, though all three of them were 
still on the ground.  Sasami was obviously unconscious, passed out from 
shock.  Mihoshi had blood streaming from her ears but had managed to 
get to her feet despite the massive amount of pain she was obviously 
in, similarly Washu was on her feet, but he could see the signs of 
shock starting to set in even from across the room as she staggered, 
her face almost shockingly pale.  Ryoko had blood trickling from her 
ears as well, but was fully alert and wasn't displaying anything more 
than slight signs of being in pain.  Tenchi staggered to his feet even 
as Keith watched, three glowing triangles flaring to life on his 
forehead even as he did so.  

	Almost inadvertently catching each other's eyes, Tenchi and Ryoko 
realized the same thing at almost the exact same time.  "Mayuka!" their 
twin shouts made Keith wince, his ears still sensitive.  

	"I'll get her!"  Ryoko shouted ineffectively, disappearing from 
view as she teleported out of the room.

	 The first volley of weapons fire struck an instant later.
	


	Ryoko was still disoriented when she phased into view beside 
Mayuka's crib, stumbling slightly as she scooped the screaming infant 
into her arms.  Hugging Mayuka to her chest, she unconsciously 
projected the whole of her defensive shields around the tiny girl just 
as the room around them was burnt to ash by the first few blasts of 
weapons fire.  Ryoko fared little better then the room as the intense 
heat caused her dress and hair to burst into flames and nearly seared 
her skin off.  Screaming in pain, Ryoko tried frantically to teleport 
while keeping the fields that were protecting the helpless child in her 
arms intact.

	Desperately picturing Tenchi in her mind she forced herself to 
concentrate despite the pain. She could feel Tenchi's power flaring not 
ten meters away.  All she had to do was get back to him and they'd both 
be safe.

	The bolt hit her hunched form just below her right shoulder 
blade.  Burning it's way through her abdomen before exiting briefly 
through her stomach and continuing on, taking her left leg off just 
inches below the hip.  Water in the tissues around the wound flashed to 
vapor instantly.  The resulting hydrostatic shock destroyed internal 
organs and shattered bone.  With one final incredible act of will Ryoko 
teleported again.



	Tenchi grimaced slightly as he concentrated on keeping his light 
hawk wings spread far enough to cover everyone in the room as the first 
volley demolished the house around him.  Out of the corner of his eye 
he could see Keith looking at him, surprise evident on his features.  
When he heard the by now familiar sound of Ryoko teleporting in and the 
scared, angry squalling of his daughter he let out a breath he hadn't 
been aware he had been holding, but forced himself to concentrate on 
keep up the shield.

	Washu's scream of horror almost broke that concentration.  With a 
muttered curse Tenchi twisted his head to see what had caused the 
diminutive scientist's outburst.  The sight that met his eyes...

	Keith watched awestruck as the shield Tenchi was creating flared, 
highlighting the young man's features, twisted into a gruesome mask of 
anguish and rage, with almost blinding white light.  With an anguished 
scream Tenchi, pulled one of the three wings from it's place in the 
shield, struggling briefly to maintain the shield with only two wings, 
and threw it.

	The Wing shot upwards faster than Keith could track, the incoming 
stream of weapons fire parting and dissipating around it.  



	Heero's eyes widened as every early warning system in his ship 
came alive, the cabin turning red and the scream of alarms threatening 
to split his skull.  On little more than instinct, he wrenched the 
controls to one side and slammed the throttles as far forward as they'd 
go.

	It saved him... barely.  The shining wing struck his port engine.  
Tearing through his defensive screens and armor like they were nothing 
more than tissue paper.  It demolished the engine, and every system 
near it without ever slowing down, and passed out the back of the ship 
in a geyser of flame and debris.

	"What in the name of Tsunami was that?"  Heero cursed even as his 
hands flew over the controls, jettisoning the damaged sections of his 
ship seconds before they exploded.  Quickly realizing that his ship 
wouldn't survive another hit like that Heero brought the ship around, 
and ran.



	"Ryoko!!!"  Tenchi half screamed half sobbed as he kneeled beside 
the mangled form of the former space pirate.

	"Don't touch her!"  Washu shouted through her own tears as Tenchi 
began to reach for Ryoko's form.  "Don't move her." she sobbed.

	"Is she alive?" Tenchi asked, his voice soft and his face white.

	"Yes... for the moment."  Washu answered faintly, reading the 
young prince's lips, her face drawn and pale.  "I can't access my lab."  
The diminutive scientist sagged obviously struggling to stay conscious.  
Neither she nor Tenchi noticed when Mihoshi scooped up the still crying 
Mayuka and cradled the child to her chest, her blue eyes wet with 
barely suppressed tears.

	"Why not?" Tenchi asked, his voice desperate, as he grabbed 
Washu's shoulders, shaking her.

	"Something's interfering!" she cried back at him.  "And I 
can't..." her voice trailed of with a sob.

	Keith watched them, feeling helpless.  Turning away from the 
scene before him he set to work on helping the rest of the group.  
Mihoshi, tears trickling from her eyes against her will, was curled up 
in one of the intact chairs, murmuring softly to the infant in her 
arms. Kiyone had forced herself into a sitting position but obviously 
wasn't going to be moving anytime soon.  Ayeka was awake and had pulled 
her still unconscious sister into her lap.

	"There was a splash." Kiyone murmured, her head between her 
knees.  Unsteadily looking up at him she elaborated.  "Ryoko got the 
sonic weapon that hit near the shed, but whatever landed in the lake 
might be what's causing the interference."



	Keith sprinted towards the lake, ignoring the heat from the burnt 
ground as it soaked through the soles of his boots.  Skidding to a halt 
beside the lakes edge, he hissed slightly as one of his feet slid 
momentarily into the scalding hot water before he could stop.  

	"Where is it... c'mon c'mon where the goddamned hell is it!" he 
shouted in english as he scanned the frothing surface of the lake for 
something, anything that might be causing the interference.  "I'm not 
letting you kill anyone else going after me you bastard." he muttered 
under his breath, the image of Heero's smirking face flashing briefly 
in his mind.

	There!  A glow, maybe 6 meters from shore.  He pulled out the 9mm 
Kiyone had returned to him and slapped in a clip of the "special" 
ammunition he'd put together for hard targets.  

	CRACK!!! First round missed, forgot to compensate for the 
refraction of the water.  Dammit!

	CRACK!!! Second round was dead on target, but bounced off the 
metal shell with a dull clang he could hear through the water.  To much 
water in the way.  SHIT!

	CRACK CRACK CRACK!!!  Three more dull clangs as the rounds 
ricocheted off the objects metal skin.  Fuck!!!

	One option left.  Backing up a few meters Keith performed a long 
running dive into the lake, eyes shut tight against the painfully hot 
water.  Kicking hard he propelled himself down.  His fingers brushed 
smooth metal, even hotter than the water, it practically burnt the skin 
from his fingertips.  This close he could hear a low thrum emanating 
from the object.

	Quickly placing the barrel of the gun against the objects 
surface, eyes still shut tightly against the burning hot water, he 
pulled the trigger again four times as fast as he could manage.

	CRACKCRACKCRACKCRACK!!!  He could hear the rounds punching 
through the metal skin of the object that time.  The thrum died.  
Pushing off the lake bottom he shot towards the surface.



	Washu's ethereal computer flickered to life between her and 
Tenchi, and the tiny scientist was typing the second it appeared.  Less 
than five seconds later Ryoko's form was encased in a pale green bubble 
of energy... and Washu finally stopped forcing herself to stay 
conscious and passed out.

	Katsuhito arrived less than a minute later, two slightly charred 
guardians in tow.

	"Tenchi!" He yelled, skidding to a halt in the remains of the 
living room.  "Is everyone all right?"

	Tenchi just looked from his grandfather to the still, barely 
recognizable form of Ryoko, tears threatening to spill from his eyes at 
any second.  

	"He's in shock."  Kiyone replied in Tenchi's stead, carefully 
getting to her feet.  "Mihoshi's probably deaf until we can get her 
ears fixed up, but she should be all right otherwise."  The teal haired 
detective continued, wincing slightly at the sound of her own voice.  
"I've got a migraine from hell, but I'm used to it at this point."

	Katsuhito bit back a smirk at that.

	"Washu's going to be out of it for a while... I don't think her 
younger form handled the shock very well and she pushed herself hard to 
stay conscious."  Kiyone continued, her tone businesslike.  "Sasami is 
definitely out of it, but it's just shock most likely... Ayeka's been 
fading in and out, but I think she'll be fine too.  She can probably 
walk with only a little help if we need to move her.  I don't think 
Ryo-Ohki was affected by the sonic attack itself, but when Ryoko..." 
her voice broke at the name and she took a deep steadying breath.

	"When Ryoko was hit Ryo-Ohki went unconscious.  I don't know how 
badly she's been effected." 

	"Mayuka?"  Katsuhito asked quietly, his voice deceptively calm.

	"She's fine."  Kiyone said, a sad ghost of a smile passing 
briefly across her face.  "Scared, mad, and very very upset... but 
fine.  That soundproofing Washu installed in her room protected her 
from the sonic device for the most part... and Ryoko..."

	"Ryoko saved her."  Katsuhito finished for the Teal haired 
detective.  "We should get everyone up to the shrine for now.  We can 
decide on a course of action after everyone has been tended to."

	"OH!"  Kiyone exclaimed, "Keith!"



	"Are you all right young man?"  A grandfatherly voice asked from 
above Keith.  "How do you feel?"

	"Boiled."  Keith mumbled into the warm, wet, ash he was lying on.

	"I see." the voice commented wryly.  "Would you like a hand up?"

	"Maybe later," Keith moaned rolling over gingerly.  "Who're you?"

	"Ayeka's big brother."  Katsuhito replied with a smirk.

	"Ah... She told you that I apologized?  Right?"



	Mayuka had finally quieted down.  The exhausted infant was dozing 
comfortably in Mihoshi's arms, cradled comfortably against the generous 
pillow that was the blonde detectives chest.

	"Lucky kid."  Keith muttered under his breath, a small smile 
curling his lips for the briefest instant before he turned his 
attention back to the task at hand.  

	Kneeling beside the elder of the Jurian princesses, Keith fished 
a small medical device out of the open GP med kit lying beside him.  
"How's that Ayeka?"  He asked after a few making a few careful passes 
over her ears with the key chain sized object.  "Can you hear me 
alright?  No pain?"

	"Yes,  I'm fine... thank you."  She responded after a few 
seconds, tearing her gaze away from Ryoko's mangled form, lying on one 
of Katsuhito's spare futons in one corner of the shrine, still wrapped 
in the green energy field that Washu had encased her in.  Tenchi sat 
beside her in a silent vigil, answering every question directed at him 
in a dull monotone and as briefly as possible.  Ayeka blinked back the 
tears that threatened to spill from her eyes, before continuing in a 
voice that held just they slightest trace of unsteadiness.  "My ears 
are still ringing though... it makes it hard to think straight."

	"Nothing I can do about that I'm afraid."  Keith responded, 
throwing the upset girl a soft smile.  After a slight pause he 
continued, answering her unspoken question.  "As far as I can tell, the 
field Washu threw around Ryoko is a stasis cocoon.  It's not a cure, 
but it'll keep her alive until she can be properly treated."  Keith 
reassured, though even to his own ears the words sounded hollow.  Not 
sure what else to do he wrapped an arm around the violet haired 
princess's shoulders and pulled her into a comforting hug.

	Slightly embarrassed, but too exhausted to really object, Ayeka 
mumbled against his chest, "You realize of course that this is highly 
improper of you Mr. Mayhem."

	"Hey, I'm one of the galaxies most wanted criminals... I'm not 
expected to be proper Princess."  He answered in a teasing tone, his 
voice barely louder than hers, and a slightly sad smile on his 
features.

	"You kidnapped me not more than three days ago, scared the living 
daylights out of me."  Ayeka said with a tired, half giggle, half sob.  
"And now your holding me in your arms..."  another giggle/sob "...and 
trying to comfort me."

	"Life's funny that way, isn't it?" Keith responded with a soft 
chuckle of his own.

	"Thank you." she murmured, her eyes drooping shut.  She was 
asleep seconds later, the combination of the medicine and her own 
mental and physical exhaustion overtook her.

	Carefully standing up, the sleeping Princess cradled in his arms, 
Keith padded silently over to where they had set up the makeshift beds 
for Washu and Sasami, setting her down gently beside her sister and 
covering her with one of the remaining blankets. 

	"Your welcome Ayeka."  Keith whispered.

	Standing up with a soft groan and a creak of long-abused joints 
Keith looked down at the row of sleeping girls with a soft, slightly 
sad smile.  Sasami had almost immediately rolled over and snuggled up 
to her older sister, mumbling quietly in her sleep before settling down 
again.  The blue haired little girl had woken up for a brief period 
shortly after they had evacuated everyone to the Temple with the 
assistance of two slightly charred, but intact Guardians and Tenchi's 
Grandfather.  She hadn't been awake for long though, quickly falling 
asleep from the medication Keith had given her.  They hadn't told her 
about Ryoko yet.  She didn't need any additional shocks.  She was 
sleeping peacefully and would probably be fine by morning though.

	Washu on the other hand...  The petite scientist was asleep, but 
he doubted she was actually getting any useful rest.  She was tossing 
and turning fitfully in her sleep, her face ghostly pale and strained.  
Her hair was matted, and she was drenched in sweat despite the fact 
that it was a fairly cold in the temple.  Her expression was 
heartbreaking.  Tears occasionally trickling from the corners of her 
eyes as she mumbled unintelligibly into her pillow, the sounds 
occasionally turning into soft shuddering sobs that shook her petite 
frame.

	Silently moving over to kneel beside the distressed girl, Keith 
brushed Washu's hair out of her eyes and readjusted the covers around 
her.  "C'mon girl, relax." her whispered trying to take his voice as 
soothing as possible.  

	"Ryoko..." Washu cried softly, the name trailing off into another 
round of sobs.

	"Hush," Keith whispered, squeezing the sleeping girls shoulder, 
trying the comfort her.  "Your friend will be fine until you've 
recovered.  You saw to that Washu-chan." he whispered.  "The other 
girls aren't giving this much trouble, so why are you?"

	"RYOKO!" Washu shouted sitting up suddenly.  Keith landed on his 
butt with a heavy thump in an effort to avoid having his nose broken by 
her forehead..  "Where is she?"  Washu slurred, looking frantically 
around the room with blurry, unfocused eyes.

	"She's over there."  Keith said pointing towards the appropriate 
corner of the shrine.  "The stasis field is holding steady and while 
she's certainly not getting better she's not going to get any worse 
either."  Keith reassured, scrambling to kneel beside the distraught 
girl again.

	"Let me see her." Washu mumbled, trying rather unsuccessfully to 
get to her feet.

	"Later, right now you need to get some rest and let your system 
recover."  Keith said, trying to gently push her back down onto the 
futon.  "You're not going to be of any help to Ryoko in this 
condition."

	"He's right Washu."  Tenchi's soft voice came from just behind 
Keith.

	"Chan!"  Washu reprimanded, sounding very much like an overly 
tired child.

	"Hai, Washu-chan" Tenchi replied with a ghost of a smile.  
"Keith-san's still right though.  You need your rest."

	"But my daughter..." Washu protested weakly, her voice trailing 
off into an incoherent mumble.  

	"I'll make sure nothing else happens to her until you wake up."  
Tenchi promised, gently pushing Washu back down onto the futon and 
covering her back up with the blanket. 

	"Y'd bttrr..." Washu mumbled threateningly before falling into an 
exhausted slumber.

	"Daughter?"  Keith asked quietly as Tenchi stood back up to go 
back to his place beside Ryoko's still form.

	"It's a long story."  Tenchi answered, his voice the one of a man 
who was really not up to telling a long story.

	"It'll wait."  Keith answered quickly.  "You should get some rest 
too." he added a few seconds later as Tenchi took his post sitting 
beside Ryoko, leaning against the wooden wall of the shrine.  

	"Goodnight Keith-san." was Tenchi's only reply.

End Chapter 4








