Disclaimer - Tenchi and the crew are unfortunately not my 
property.  I had no part in creating them, though I am desperately 
trying to figure out how to give myself Ryoko's abilities.  I am not 
writing this for the purpose of making money, though if any kind souls 
see fit to give donations I will not complain.  I am writing merely 
because I'm an obsessive person in general and I really need to get it 
out of my system.  Mayhem is my creation however, and anyone using him 
without my OK will anger the Great Shaven Cat Goddess and cause her to 
sic her elite pack of Killer Llamas on you.  Criticism is welcome, 
flames are ignored, praise will inflate my ego greatly, and make sure I 
actually finish this one-day.  Enjoy.
 
Many thanks to my talented editor, and fellow fanfic author, for his 
help in making this readable.  THANK YOU DREZ!!!!
 
 
 
 
Mayhem, Chaos, and General Messes
Chapter Six, Part 1
Know Thyself
 
 
Washu swore colorfully as a long gash opened up along Tenchi's 
belly.  Admittedly it was just one of many, but they just kept coming.  
If this continued for too much longer, or if the wounds got more 
severe, even the system she had him locked into wouldn't be able to 
keep up!
 
	"What the hell is going on in there!" Washu growled.  Her hands a 
blur over her ethereal computer as she tried desperately to keep up 
with both Tenchi's growing list of injuries and Ryoko's deteriorating 
condition.  "C'mon Ryoko-chan, I know you hate people poking around 
inside your head, but your going to kill him at this rate."
 
	That's when Washu's holo computer disappeared in a flash of light 
that nearly blinded the petite scientist.  Blinking her eyes to try and 
clear the spots from her vision Washu brought up her back-up screen and 
cautiously reconnected it to the monitoring systems watching Tenchi.
 
	"He used the light hawk wings?!?" Washu exclaimed, frantically 
reinitializing her computers link to Ryoko's life support system.  
"Tenchi, if you've hurt my little girl any worse than she already 
is..." the threat trailed off as she looked at the readings in front of 
her in amazement.  "It... it's helping... the rate of deterioration has 
slowed by 35.623 percent... She must be feeding off the energy!"
 
	Shaking her head, and filing that information away for later 
analysis, Washu got back to work, pausing only for seconds to check on 
Mayuka, still sleeping peacefully (thank god!) in one of Yukinojo's 
bedrooms, over the various ""baby monitors"" she had set up.
 
	"C'mon Tenchi, hurry!" she whispered.
 
 
 
	Tenchi couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this 
comfortable.  He wanted nothing more than to stay just like he was.  
Totally relaxed, his head cushioned on a warm lap, gentle, delicate 
hands running idly through his hair.  Her, he was sure it was a woman, 
scent was familiar, comforting, but at the same time managing to be 
exotic and intoxicating.  He couldn't see who's lap it was, and he just 
couldn't seem to convince himself to open his eyes.  
 
	"My Tenchi." the voice was familiar, feminine.  It felt... right.  
 
	But wasn't he supposed to be doing something?  Tenchi's brow 
furrowed.  He was supposed to find something.  No, someone.  Someone 
very important to him.
 
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi sat up with a shout. His eye's flying open just 
in time to see a ghostly figure of the girl he was looking for fade 
away like so much mist, her expression sad, longing.
 
	His eyes wide, Tenchi looked around at the scenery that 
surrounded him.  All around him was a patchwork of different places.  
None quite in focus, and none quite lined up with any of the others.  
They did have one thing in common though; each and every piece of 
landscape looked like a bomb had hit it.  A large bomb at that.  
 
It took a few seconds for the smell to register, but when it did 
Tenchi fell to his knees, retching.  That's when he noticed the bodies.  
Thousands of them, millions of them, scattered about like so much 
garbage.  Young and old, male and female, humanoid and others, there 
was no discrimination here.  Their blurred, indistinct, features seemed 
to stare at him accusingly even in death.  
 
"What is this?" the young prince muttered to himself, shutting 
his eyes tightly to block out the sight.  It helped, a little.  Then he 
heard them.  They were barely whispers.  Carried on the wind.  Or maybe 
they were the wind.  He couldn't tell
 
"Murderer." They accused.  "Monster."  They hissed at him from 
among the buildings.  Screams of fear, of anger, of pain, and of death, 
echoed around him.  From the skeletons of crumbling architecture they 
howled at him.  The cries of people mourning their lost loved ones, of 
children for parents, and of mothers for their children.  All of them 
gone forever.
 
Tenchi's pressed his hands over his ears, curled himself into a 
tight fetal ball. and screamed.  
 
 
 
 
 
	Washu's hands were a blur over the keyboard of her computer.  The 
screen was displaying two separate waveforms, one ice blue, the other a 
deep crimson.  But they were starting to run together, the blue 
beginning to mimic the red. 
 
	Cursing loudly Washu spun around and practically punched a large 
button set into the side of the capsule holding Tenchi's body.  The 
response was immediate.  The form inside the capsule convulsed 
violently, straining against the bonds that were holding it still, the 
mouth opening in a silent scream
 
 
 
 
	Suddenly Tenchi was screaming for a whole new reason, pain 
lancing white-hot across the whole of his body, sending him into 
convulsions.  It lasted only seconds, felt like an eternity, and when 
it ended he couldn't do anything but lie limply on the ground for 
several minutes.
 
	"What the hell was that?" he gasped, pulling himself into a 
sitting position with a groan.  It took him a second longer to notice 
the change.  He could still hear the voices, but they weren't 
completely overwhelming like they had been.  He could block them out 
with only a little effort.  Getting unsteadily to his feet, Tenchi 
looked around the patchwork landscape again, looking for any clues as 
to what to do next.  
 
	The song was so quiet at first that Tenchi wasn't sure if it was 
real or just his imagination running wild.  The melody wavered in and 
out, right on the edge of hearing and in competition with the voices 
that were still muttering at him accusatorily.  Closing his eyes 
tightly, Tenchi concentrated on the oddly familiar music.
 
	"That way." He muttered to himself, opening his eyes and setting 
off at a jog towards the sound.  As it got louder the tune became more 
and more familiar, but Tenchi still couldn't place where he'd heard it 
before.  Finally after crawling through the cratered, disjointed 
cityscape for what felt like an eternity, Tenchi stumbled into the 
courtyard of a massive cathedral.  It rose above him in a series of 
delicate spires and arcs that looked too thin to supported their own 
weight.  It was, in contrast to almost every other building he'd seem 
in the disjointed landscape, seemingly intact. 
 
	As he approached the entrance he spotted a dark purple stain that 
he instinctively knew had to be blood, even if the color was not what 
he expected.  Stepping carefully past the stain Tenchi followed the 
thread of song, louder now, down a dim passage way into a chamber large 
enough that it's roof and opposite wall were hidden in the darkness.  
The only light in the cavernous room emanated from a simple, if 
skillfully crafted wooden cradle about fifty meters away from him, down 
a series of steps.
 
Making his way carefully down the wide steps Tenchi approached 
the cradle, the song becoming clearer and clearer with every step.  
Before long he was standing above the simple wooden cradle, looking 
down into it. Lying inside it, nestled carefully on the blankets inside 
was a gem.  A twin for the one on Ryoko's wrist and the ones still 
embedded in the Tenchi-ken, it glowed crimson, almost vibrating with 
the song that emanated from it. Kneeling down, Tenchi carefully reached 
for the gem.
 
 
	
 
 
	Washu started in shock as the waveform that represented Tenchi's 
mind disappeared completely and without warning.  One second it was 
there, the next gone.	
 
	"Oh Kami. "  Washu gasped.  "Tenchi."
 
 
 
 
	
	She felt the oily grasp of her masters mind slip away from hers 
for the first time in months, leaving only a faint, distracted presence 
sitting in the back of her head.   Surprised but pleased, Ryoko reveled 
in its absence.  She briefly considered running, hiding, but quickly 
banished the thoughts from her mind and memory for fear that Kagato 
would notice it and punish her again.  Besides, his touch would 
probably not be gone for long, and even that thin thread that was left 
would be enough to alert him of any such attempt.
 
 This time her mission didn't require her to fight anyone, simply 
to sneak in and steal a holy object from one of the larger temples.  
The primitives of this world had no way to stop her and no weapons that 
were of any threat to her.  No need to fight, no need to kill.  The 
thought was followed by a sense of relief that was almost enough to 
make her smile.  Almost.
 
Flying low over the simple thatch-roofed huts of the village 
below Ryoko sped silently towards the huge, fragile looking cathedral 
that dominated the skyline.  As she approached it's glistening white 
spires and arches Ryoko realized that the structure was far beyond the 
capabilities of the local people.  A relic of an age long past perhaps, 
or maybe built by visitors from another world.  Either way, it at least 
partially explained Kagato's interest in whatever was inside.
 
It didn't change a thing though.  The job was still a simple one.  
Phase in, grab what she had come for, and leave.  Simple.
 
She slowed to a near hover as she approached the main wall of the 
building.  Stretching out her senses for the source of power she knew 
lay just beyond.  Nothing.  Frowning slightly she tried again 
concentrating deeply.  Still nothing.  Shrugging Ryoko floated forward, 
and promptly hit her head on the very solid exterior of the building.
 
"Owww." Ryoko mumbled annoyed.  "Well if I can't phase." she 
muttered, and teleported.  
 
"Ouch." She groaned, peeling herself off the side of the 
building.  "Dammit, how in the hell is this thing shielded!?" she 
growled angrily, igniting her sword.  "Well take THIS!" she shouted, 
swinging at the wall.  Her sword simply sputtered out when it hit, 
leaving the stone surface completely unmarked.
 
"Guess I'll have to use a door."  She sighed in defeat, letting 
herself sink to the ground.  Landing silently she started walking 
around the buildings perimeter looking for an entrance.  To her dismay 
there was only one on the entire structure.  A simple arch, maybe twice 
as tall as she was, led to a similarly undecorated passageway maybe 
two-dozen meters long.  She was maybe halfway down the passage when she 
felt it.
 
That final, half-there tendril of Kagato's presence. vanished.  
No pain, no resistance, no nothing.  It was simply gone.  After a few 
seconds of stunned silence, Ryoko laughed.  Laughed with a pure joy she 
hadn't felt in. well never.  And she kept on laughing, finding herself 
unable to stop even as tears rolled down her cheeks, her stomach 
started to cramp up, and her legs gave way.  
 
"Well I must say, I don't think I'd have ever expected to see 
something like this." a soft voice, tinged with a trace of laughter, 
commented from nearby.  "A demon in one of the great temples, overcome 
by something as simple as her own laughter.  What a story this shall 
make."
 
Ryoko looked up through tears of joy towards the source of the 
voice.  An elegant looking woman stood at the end of the short passage, 
watching her with a kind smile on her face.  Her skin was a blue so 
dark that it almost appeared black.  Long, pure white hair fell down 
her back in an elegant cascade between the large, delicate, bat-like 
ears that dominated the sides of her head.  Her lower pair of arms were 
crossed over her slim hips in a relaxed fashion.  She clasped the upper 
pair in front of her in a gesture of greeting when Ryoko glanced up at 
her.  Her garb was simple.  A sleeveless, cream-colored dress that hung 
to her ankles, belted at the waist with a dark-blue sash.
 
"Well seeing as you've come this far, you may as well enter the 
rest of the way."  The woman continued, her smile still firmly in 
place.  
 
"A priestess inviting a demon into her temple." Ryoko started, 
her voice unsteady from the laughter that was still trying to force its 
way out.  "Are you sure that's wise?"
 
"Wise or not, it is what I feel is right." The woman replied 
lightly.  "And in any case, it is not my place to turn you away.  The 
temple belongs to everyone who chooses to make use of it.  Even the 
occasional demon." The last comment was thrown over the priestess's 
shoulder as she walked back the way she had come.
 
 
 
 
No matter what she tried Washu couldn't find it.  That simple, 
singular, mental signature that represented Tenchi's mind was simply 
gone.  The only thing keeping his body alive at this point were the 
machines that engulfed it.  Not even the shock that she had used 
earlier was getting anything more than a reflexive response.
 
She could feel hot tears welling up, and she couldn't stop them.   
Two of the people she loved more than anything else in the universe 
were dying before her eyes and she felt so helpless.
 
"NO!" she shouted angrily.  "I won't let it happen!  You are not 
going to die on me Tenchi!  You're going to save my daughter and both 
of you are going to come back to me!"  With that she open her link to 
Ryoko's mind, searching desperately for any trace of the young prince.
 
 
 
 
Ryoko stepped into the main chamber of the temple cautiously, 
tears of laughter drying in streaks on her face.  The room was almost 
as plain as the passageway that she had just left.  Gleaming-white, 
seamless stone arced high above her.  A plain dome, brightly lit by a 
crystalline ring of triangular lights about two thirds of the way up.  
The floor was a series of terraced rings, wide enough to be used 
comfortably as seats, but low enough to serve easily as stairs.  And in 
the center stood what she had come to take.
 
A plain wooden staff, gnarled and stained with age, stood seeming 
balanced on its end in the center of the chamber.  Even from where she 
stood, a hundred meters away Ryoko could feel it humming with power.  
To her eyes it almost seemed to vibrate where it stood, singing a song 
that hung just beyond the edge of hearing.
 
The priestess was sitting about halfway down the steps, a baby 
cradled in her lower pair of arms, singing.  Her voice was a crystal 
clear alto, perfectly on key, and achingly beautiful.  The song itself 
was simple, calming, comforting.  Ryoko found herself humming along to 
it almost unconsciously, the tune almost immediately taking up 
permanent residence in her head despite the fact that she couldn't 
understand a word of it.
 
"What's that song about?" she asked quietly as she started making 
her way slowly down the stairs towards the staff.
 
The priestess shrugged her upper pair of arms, continuing to 
sing.  When she finally let the song fade away she replied in a 
thoughtful voice.  "I don't know." She said with a smile.  "My mother 
used to sing it to me as a child.  Perhaps one of the scholars could 
tell me, but I think I rather prefer not knowing."
 
"Why?"  Ryoko asked, still only about a quarter of the way down 
the steps.
 
"Because not knowing what it's about I can assign any emotion I 
like to the song." The Priestess replied simply.
 
Ryoko didn't really understand but she sensed that that was 
probably the best answer she was going to get out of the young woman.
 
"Is the child yours?"  Ryoko asked, more for the sake of talking 
than anything else.
 
"Are all demons so full of questions?" the young priestess 
laughed.  "No, I did not birth her.  I am merely watching her for the 
night while her mother is away."
 
Ryoko simply nodded in reply, not really sure what to say next.
 
"I take it demons don't get much chance to practice the art of 
small talk?" the priestess observed after a long silence, her gentle 
smile still in place.
 
"Do you have to keep calling me that?"  Ryoko replied, now about 
halfway down the steps, less than three meters from the young woman's 
seat.
 
"You mean demon?  Well then, what would you prefer I call you?" 
the priestess replied casually, patting the place beside her to 
indicate that Ryoko should sit down.
 
"Ryoko."  She replied quietly, still standing.
 
"Well then Ryoko, you may call me Tandra." The young priestess 
replied, her smile widening briefly.  "Please, sit down.  You look 
simply exhausted."
 
"Why are you treating me so kindly?"  Ryoko asked quietly, 
sitting down after a moment's hesitation.  "You said yourself that I'm 
a demon."
 
"Everyone is equal in this place Ryoko.  Demon or angel.  The 
highest kings to the lowliest peasant.  Even God herself.  That is why 
there is only one entrance.  So everyone enters this place the same way 
as everyone else."  Tandra replied kindly, reaching over to give 
Ryoko's shoulder a comforting squeeze.
 
"But I'm dangerous!"  Ryoko replied fiercely, the tears back 
again, though for a different reason than before.
 
"How so?" Tandra replied, arching an eyebrow, her voice holding 
the slightest trace of amusement.
 
"I can." Ryoko's reply trailed off as she tried to form her sword 
and failed.  She could feel the energy of the gems as clearly as ever. 
but she couldn't make use of it.  Every time she tried it slipped from 
her grasp like water through a sieve.
 
"As a said Ryoko," Tandra replied softly, "everyone is equal in 
this place."
 
 
 
 
Washu stretched her mind as far into Ryoko's as she dared, 
looking for any trace of the young prince, and failing miserably.  Far 
away she could feel the slightest hint of her daughters conscious self, 
but every time she tried to approach, Ryoko retreated deeper.  And 
there was a curious echo that was complicating things even further, 
making it hard to focus.
 
An echo?  The answer struck the ancient scientist like a freight 
train and she hastily withdrew her mind from her daughters.  Typing 
with renewed fervor she returned to the task at hand, trying hard to 
ignore the timer that counted steadily down towards zero in the corner 
of the screen.
 
 
 
 
	"I came here to steal that you know."  Ryoko said after a few 
minutes, gesturing towards the staff that stood at the center of the 
room.
 
	"If you can take it, it's yours."  Tandra replied absently as she 
laid the sleeping child in a simple wooden cradle and tucked her in.
 
	"What?"  Ryoko replied, genuinely surprised.  Most religious 
groups were practically fanatical about their holy relics.  Yet this 
woman said she could take what amounted to the center of the temple 
with not so much as a hint of concern.
 
	"The staff of judgment decides it's own path."  Tandra replied, 
looking Ryoko in the eyes.  "This temple has been blessed that it has 
chosen to stay with us for so many millennia, but if it chooses to 
leave with you this night we will accept it."
 
	"You make it sound like that chunk of wood is sentient." Ryoko 
noted.
 
	"It is." Tandra replied with a shrug.  "Maybe not in the same way 
as you or I, but it is."
 
	"So you're not going to try and stop me then?"  Ryoko asked, 
eyeing the priestess suspiciously as she stood up.  Tandra merely shook 
her head no, her soft smile firmly in place.  Ryoko gave her one last 
curious glance, shrugged, and started towards the center of the room 
again.
 
	She could feel the power radiating from the staff almost as a 
physical force now.  It was practically intoxicating to Ryoko's senses, 
and by the time she was within arms length she felt almost drunk from 
the staff's influence.  Her head swimming she reached for it, her hand 
curling around wood polished smooth by the hands of generations, and 
lifted it easily from it's place.
 
	"I guess it's decided to come with me." Ryoko half-gloated, 
smirking at the still serene priestess.  Then it hit her like the 
proverbial ton of bricks. she could see. everything.  Her eyes rolled 
up into the back of her head, and her body convulsed like she had 
stepped on a live wire.  
 
She could see through the eyes of everyone and everything in the 
city, from Tandra sitting mere yards away, to the mayor's pet cat, 
watching his master stumble half-asleep through the kitchen.  She could 
hear every conversation, from the throaty whispers of lovers in their 
beds, to the intricate calls of insects competing for mates.  She could 
smell the salty tang of sweat radiating from a teenage boy as he necked 
clumsily with his first girlfriend, and the sharp metallic smell of 
fresh spilled blood as an old man lost his life to a starving beggar 
turned robber.  She could taste the sweetness of candy on her tongue as 
a child snuck a piece from her father's private stash in the middle of 
the night, and the bitter taste of medicine taken to fight off a 
lingering cold.  She could feel the almost painful rasp of a newborns 
first screaming breathe. and the agony of childbirth as the newborns 
mother brought her twin brother into the world.  
 
And the emotions.oh Kami, the emotions!  Joy, anger, hatred, 
love, mirth, wistfulness, excitement, curiosity, jealousy, lust, fear, 
disdain, sadness; emotions she didn't have names for.  They overwhelmed 
her almost instantly, and she could feel herself slipping away.
 
The staff clattered to the ground, slipping from Ryoko's numb 
fingers onto the polished wooden floor.  The cyan haired girl remained 
standing where she was, her face turned to the ceiling, eyes wide open.  
Her mouth hung open and her breath came in shuddering gasps.  Her 
cheeks were wet from tears again.  Tears of joy, of anguish, of 
laughter, of fear, of pride, and of longing.  Tears cried by hundreds 
of people throughout the city, and by Ryoko herself.
 
Tandra descended the steps to where Ryoko stood unmoving, making 
no sound as she walked.  Retrieving the staff from where it lay she 
returned it to its place at the center of the temple, her hands forming 
an intricate sign as she bowed reverently to it.  That done she turned 
back to Ryoko, guiding the unresponsive girl back to where she had been 
sitting before with an ease born of long experience.  It was nearly two 
hours before Ryoko recovered herself enough to talk again.
 
"Wh. what happened?" the cyan-haired space pirate asked in a 
shaky voice.
 
"The staff showed you as much as it could without harming you." 
Tandra replied.  "It has been looking for someone who it can show all 
that it can see since before anyone can remember.  When I made my 
attempt it showed me nearly a quarter of the city, and I held onto it 
for a little over ten minutes.  Others have seen as few as a hundred 
other minds, or as much as half the country.  But no-one has ever seen 
even a fraction of what it can see."
 
 
 
	"There you are."  Washu muttered under her breath as she 
carefully separated the echo she had noticed from the background 
clutter of Ryoko's mind.  "Now what are you doing in there Tenchi?"  
Without warning the signal that she had so carefully extracted went 
haywire, becoming a thousand times more chaotic and scrambled than 
before.  
 
Trying to stay calm Washu looked desperately through her 
readings, but the pattern calmed back to what it had been before she 
could decipher anything from it.  Quickly saving the data for future 
analysis, Washu turned her attention to figuring out what, if anything, 
she could do to get Tenchi out of the memory he was trapped in.
 
 
 
"I've got to go now."  Ryoko said in a quiet voice, getting 
unsteadily to her feet and turning towards the entrance of the temple.  
 
"Are you sure that's wise Ryoko?" Tandra asked.  "That was quite 
a shock you just had. perhaps it would be better if you stayed and 
rested for a while longer.  You are welcome to use my quarters for the 
night."  The priestess offered.
 
"No. thank you."  Ryoko replied after a few seconds, not turning 
around.  "I have to go before he comes for me."
 
"Who?"  Tandra asked softly.
 
"Kagato." Ryoko replied, her voice slipping into a monotone.  "My 
master.  If he thinks that I tried to run away." the cyan-haired girls 
voice trailed off, and she shuddered.
 
"We can protect you."  Tandra offered, concerned by Ryoko's 
behavior.
 
"If only that were true."  Ryoko whispered, starting towards the 
temple's entrance again.  The temple was powerful, she had felt that 
power herself. but it was nothing compared to the might of her masters 
battleship, the Souja.
 
"Well Ryoko, did you have a nice vacation?"  the voice chilled 
her to the bone.  He stood in the archway, tall and imposing, a nasty, 
superior, smirk firmly entrenched on his face.
 
"Kagato."  Ryoko breathed, rooted to where she stood by fear.
 
"I must say, I am very disappointed in you my dear."  The tall 
man said, looking at her over the top of his glasses.  "You haven't 
figured out how to neutralize this temple's dampening field yet have 
you?  And it's such a simple little thing.  I really wish you wouldn't 
force me to do these things to you Ryoko, but how else will you ever 
learn?"  Kagato asked, and before Ryoko could do anything in response 
she felt the oily grasp of his mind invade hers, robbing her of control 
over her body.
 
"Ah Ryoko, what is this?  What have I told you about talking with 
the locals?  This simply will not do."  Ryoko pleaded with him 
mentally, she knew what he was going to make her do, but he just 
ignored her.
 
Ryoko's body turned to face Talia, an evil sneer twisting her 
features, and leaped.  The dampening field the Temple generated may 
have seriously reduced her strength and speed, but she was still dozens 
of times stronger and several times faster than any normal human.  
Talia didn't even have a chance to shout before Ryoko's hands closed 
around the priestess's throat, and squeezed.
 
 
 
 
	Washu watched the pattern on her screen representing Tenchi 
worriedly, whatever the young prince was seeing in Ryoko's memories. it 
couldn't be pleasant.  "Hold on Tenchi, I'll have you out of that 
memory in just a few more seconds." she muttered, her fingers a blur 
above the keyboard of her holotop.  With a last stab at the enter key 
the pattern being displayed flashed from red to blue and started to 
smooth out.  
 
 
 
 
	The vision disappeared in a flash, the gem he had picked up 
falling from numb fingers onto the marble floor of the temple around 
him.  Dazed and disoriented, Tenchi fell to his knees; his face 
streaked with tears and his breath was coming in ragged sobs.  He'd 
known that Ryoko had been forced to do some terrible things in the past 
but. he could still feel the priestesses' throat in his hands. starting 
to collapse. Tenchi's stomach lurched, and he curled up into a ball 
until the nausea passed.
 
	"I didn't want you to see that."  The voice was quiet, mournful.  
He would've recognized it anywhere.
 
	"Ryoko?" the young prince asked, his head snapping up to look at 
the source of those quiet words.  What he saw was an apparition.  A 
ghostly figure sitting with her arms around her knees less than two 
meters away, her expression sad and forlorn.
 
	"Why are you here Tenchi?" Ryoko's ghostly form asked, her voice 
quiet, defeated, tired, completely unlike the Ryoko Tenchi was used to.
 
	"To save you!" Tenchi blurted out, not sure of what else to say.
 
	"I'm dead Tenchi."  Ryoko responded, "I'm happy I could see you 
one last time... but you need to leave before you're trapped.  Mayuka 
is going to need her father." She added, a sad smile gracing her 
features for a brief second.
 
	"No you're not Ryoko! " Tenchi snapped, the way Ryoko was talking 
was starting to scare him.  "Washu can save you, you just need to wake 
up!"
 
	"Wake up?" Ryoko responded, confused.
 
	"Washu can save you." Tenchi explained, trying to keep his voice 
calm.  "But you need to be conscious for it to work."  The young prince 
explained, reaching a hand out towards Ryoko's ghostly form.
 
	"What makes her think I can just wake up?" Ryoko asked, ignoring 
Tenchi's outstretched hand. 
 
	"Please Ryoko. try" Tenchi asked in a quiet, pleading, voice, 
letting his hand drop.  
 
	"Why should I!" Ryoko shouted, standing up quickly and turning 
away from him.
 
	"Wh." Tenchi started, surprised. now that was a response he 
hadn't been expecting.
 
	"You've seen it now!  You've seen what my life has been like!" 
Ryoko shouted, tears in her eyes as she whirled around to face him 
again.  "The only time in the five thousand years I've been alive that 
I have been happy has been these past few years with you!"  
 
	"But those days are gone Ryoko." Tenchi said, bewildered.  "You 
said it yourself, you've been happy these past few years."
 
	"For how long though!"  Ryoko nearly wailed.  "How long until you 
choose someone else and I'm all alone again!?  Just let me die and find 
my peace!"
 
	"Who said I was going to pick someone else?"  Tenchi demanded,  
"And even if I did, why would you be alone?  You have a family now 
Ryoko!  All of us love you!."  Ryoko didn't respond, refusing to meet 
his eyes.
 
	"Please Ryoko.  just try." Tenchi pleaded, standing and taking a 
step towards her.  "I'm not going to leave until you do."
 
	Ryoko's head snapped up to look at Tenchi with narrowed eyes.  
"That's not fair and you know it Tenchi." She hissed angrily.
 
	"I'm not going to let you die Ryoko."  Tenchi replied, meeting 
her glare without so much as a flinch.
 
	
	
Washu nearly collapsed in relief when Ryoko's eye's snapped open, 
the pain she was in easily apparent.  Fighting back tears the 
diminutive scientist immediately started the procedure she had spent 
most of the trip to the planet putting together.  She watched anxiously 
as the masu filling the tube swarmed towards her daughter, flowing into 
her wounds and replacing the lost and dead tissue more rapidly than any 
technique she could have developed.   She almost didn't notice when the 
cylinder holding Tenchi opened and the dark-haired youth pulled himself 
out, quickly wrapping the towel she had provided around his waist.
 
	"How is she?" he asked breathlessly, coming up behind Washu.
 
	"She's going to live."  Washu responded, "Now go check on your 
own daughter, she woke up a few minutes ago and Yukinojo is about to 
fry a circuit."
 
	"Alright. how long." Tenchi responded, his voice trailing off.
 
	"About six hours."  Washu answered.  "Oh, and Tenchi."
 
	"Yes Washu?"
 
	"Thank you."
 
 
 
 
Mayhem, Chaos, and General Meses
Chapter Six, Part 2
Closing the Net
 
 
	"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Keith whispered in Ayeka's 
ear.  "This place is just a bit more high-profile than I'm normally 
comfortable with." He added, waving an arm to indicate the lavishly 
decorated lobby of the Grand Jurai hotel.
 
	"At this point we would likely attract more attention if we were 
to go to anything but this Hotel." Ayeka whispered back.  "After that 
mess at the ice-cream parlor it would surprise me if there was anyone 
on the planet who didn't know we were here." 
 
	"It's not my fault that you guys disguised me as the 10-year 
running Jurian Light-Sword Tournament champion."  Keith pointed out.
 
	"I didn't know he was." Ayeka replied, a bit sheepishly.
 
	Keith didn't get a chance to reply as the hotels manager hurried 
up to their party.  "Princess Ayeka, Princess Sasami, Lord Seriyou, 
Lord." the manager trailed off, obviously desperately trying to place a 
name to Katsuhito's face.
 
	"Katsuhito." He supplied, smiling to let the harried looking man 
know that he wasn't offended.
 
	"Welcome to the Grand Jurai Hotel." The manager greeted, bowing 
low to each of them in turn.  "We will have the Emperor Suite ready for 
you in just a few minutes, we just need to move its present tenants."
 
	"You will do no such thing." Ayeka interrupted, making the 
manager flinch a bit.  "The sentiment is appreciated Sir, but whatever 
suite is open will do just fine."  Smiling gently to let the frazzled 
looking man that she wasn't upset she added, "I am not so spoiled that 
I would ruin someone else's vacation for something as silly as a hotel 
room."
 
	"But Lady Ayeka," the Manager started to protest, looking to 
Keith for supported.
 
	"Whatever is available will do fine." Keith confirmed, shooting 
the man a grin.  "I'm certainly not going to argue with her." He added 
shrugging helplessly.  Ayeka threw him a dark look before turning back 
to the defeated-looking manager.
 
	"Now, if you don't mind good Sir, it has been something of a long 
day.  If you would be so kind as to show us to our room."
 
 
 
 
	On the busy streets surrounding the Grand Jurai hotel, a dozen 
armored transports, the GP logo emblazoned prominently one their sides, 
sped towards their target.  Inside the behemoths, dozens of officers in 
full riot gear listened to the briefing that was playing over their 
headsets.
 
	"Alright men listen up.  We have confirmed that Lord Seiryou was 
on Jurai as of this morning, meaning that the man presently staying at 
the Grand Jurai is an imposter.  On top of that, according to our 
sources, the imposter is most likely Class-A Criminal Mayhem.  Our 
sources indicate that he and his gang somehow survived the destruction 
of his vessel, and stole a resident officers ship. after killing her 
and her partner."  The voice paused, and officers in every transport 
exchanged nervous glances with each other.  The standing orders 
concerning Mayhem were clear.  Shoot first, and shoot to kill.  As 
nothing short of a lethal shot was supposed to slow the guy down.
 
	"There is unfortunately one more piece of tragic news.  The 
planet that he was forced down on. was the temporary residence of the 
crown Princesses Jurai.  It saddens me to report that both are 
confirmed to be dead. killed in our targets escape." There were shocked 
murmurs and gasps as the officers heard the news.  After giving them a 
moment to absorb this information, the briefing continued "Now the plan 
of attack is being displayed on your combat decks. study them well 
because we don't have any time to do milk runs on this one people."
 
 
 
 
	The heavy wooden door of the "Princess" Suite closed behind the 
last of the bellhops, maids, and other assorted staff with a loud 
thunk, and the group let out sighs of relief in near perfect unison.  
Sasami made a beeline for the overstuffed ring-shaped couch that 
dominated the center of the main room and flopped down, yawning hugely.
 
	"I see someone's tired."  Keith commented with a grin, after 
taking out the device that had been altering his voice all day.
 
	Sasami replied by sticking her tongue out at him, smiling.  Keith 
chuckled and quickly removed the various components of the disguise, 
leaving him in a pair of jeans and a black T-shirt.
 
	"Ah. that's better." he sighed with relief as he draped the heavy 
Jurian robes that had been covering up his normal clothes over the back 
of a chair.  
 
	"Well I don't know about the rest of you, but I think Sasami's 
got the right idea, I'm exhausted."  Kiyone announced. 
 
	"Me too."  Mihoshi yawned in agreement, her big blue eyes already 
half closed as she and her partner half-stumbled towards the door to 
one of the bedrooms.
 
	"I believe I shall retire as well."  Katsuhito added, claiming 
one of the other four bedrooms for himself.  "Sasami, if you fall 
asleep on the couch your going to be sore all day tomorrow."
 
	"Hai."  Sasami replied sleepily, standing up and walking towards 
one of the bedrooms.
 
	"You guys get some sleep then, I have a few things I want to 
check out."  Keith responded, heading for the door.  "I'm going to see 
if I can get a hold of a few of my contacts, see if they've heard 
anything unusual."
 
	"Are you sure that is a good idea?"  Ayeka asked, a slight hint 
of concern in her voice.
 
	"Why Princess, don't tell me you're actually worried about me." 
Keith responded, turning around to throw her a grin.
 
	"Hardly."  Ayeka replied with a smirk of her own.  "I would just 
rather not have to break you out of prison tonight."  Keith rolled his 
eyes in response.
	
	"See you guys later." Keith said, listening for a second at the 
door before slipping out the heavy hardwood door.
 
 
 
 
	Keith hadn't made it more than five meters down the hallway when 
he heard it. the distinct triple-click of a personal holocamera.  
Swearing under his breath he spun around, covering the distance to the 
far wall in three strides.  Forming his fingertips into thick claws, he 
unceremoniously dug them into the wall around a decent sized air-vent 
and tore it out of place.
 
	"AHHH!!!" Kanno screamed as Keith pulled him out of the vent by 
his shirt collar.  "Oh Tsunami, please don't kill me, 
pleasepleasepleaseplease."  The young man babbled.  "I won't tell 
anyone, I swear."
 
	"Shut up before I rip your tongue out kid."  Keith snarled, 
letting his face go slightly feral just for the added effect.
 
 
 
	"Are you in position?" Lord Heero's smooth voice, only slightly 
distorted by the headset, spoke into her ear.
 
	"Yes Lord Karishima." She replied, tucking a stray lock of 
midnight-black hair behind one long ear.  "At your command."
 
	"Excellent work my dear.   Wait until the police enter the 
building before you make your move.  Other than that, I leave 
everything to your own discretion." 
 
	"Thank you my lord."
 
 
 
 
	Ayeka was sitting on one of the overstuffed couches that 
dominated the suite, idly flipping through the hundreds of channels 
that the holo-TV had access to.  She had shed the heavy outer kimono 
she had been wearing.  It was a winter kimono, and she had been all but 
boiling all day because of it, despite the absence of any of the normal 
layers underneath it.  This left her lounging in the khaki shorts and 
purple t-shirt that were all she had been wearing underneath.  For 
whatever reason, she couldn't convince herself to go to bed, despite 
the fact that she was exhausted from the past few days events.  She 
nearly fell off the couch in alarm when the door to the suite flew open 
and a rather scary looking version of Keith stormed in, dragging a 
frightened young man behind him.
 
	"What happened?" she asked, surprised.  "Who is that man?"
 
	"A fucking reporter."  Keith growled, kicking the door shut 
before dragging the frightened young man over to a chair and shoving 
him down into it.
 
	"Oh Tsunami." Ayeka sighed, rubbing her temples in a decent 
impression of Kiyone.  
 
	"No kidding." Keith snorted, his grimace displaying a mouthful of 
very sharp teeth.  "The question is, what the hell are we going to do 
with him."  Kanno nearly passed out at the look Keith shot at him when 
he said this.
 
	"First off Ke."  Ayeka started.
 
	"DON'T use my real name in front of other people Princess."  
Keith snapped, interrupting her and making her flinch slightly.
 
	"Fine then MAYHEM." She snapped back, her tone icy.  "First off, 
stop scaring the poor man. not to mention me."
 
	Keith looked at her in surprise, catching her scent and noticing 
the slight tinge of fear that colored it.  "Ah Christ." He muttered, 
forcing himself to calm down and letting his features return to normal.  
"Sorry 'bout that Ayeka."
 
	"Just don't do it again."  Ayeka replied, her voice still a bit 
icy, but her scent losing the tinge of fear.  "Now as for you," she 
began, turning her gaze towards the now slightly confused form of 
Kanno, "you are the young man from the ice-cream parlor, are you not."  
Despite how the sentence was phrased, it wasn't a question.
 
	Kanno nodded his head in confirmation, still watching Keith 
warily.
 
	"What is your name?"  Ayeka asked, trying to put as much warmth 
into her voice as possible.
 
	"K-Kanno." He replied, his voice unsteady from nerves.  "A-are 
you really the Crown Princess?"  he asked , his gaze darting nervously 
between her and Keith.
 
	"I am." Ayeka confirmed.
 
	"Then why." Kanno's voice trailed off nervously as he glanced 
back at Keith.
 
	"That is a long story I am afraid." Ayeka sighed.  "Suffice it to 
say, Mr. Mayhem here is not what everyone accuses him of being.  Even 
if his social skills could use some work."  She added with a slight 
smirk.
 
	"Gee.  Thanks."  Keith deadpanned in response, sticking his 
tongue out the violet tressed princess before returning his gaze to 
Kanno, his silver-green eyes fixing the young reporter with a hard 
glare.  "Have you reported anything to anyone yet?" he asked the young 
man, his voice harsh, almost a growl.
 
	"On-only the pictures I took at the ice-cream parlor."  Kanno 
replied nervously, still watching Keith fearfully despite Ayeka's 
reassurances.
 
	"Well that's something at least."  Keith muttered.  "Well Ayeka, 
any ideas on what we should do with this guy?"
 
	"Well, unless you happen to have someplace we can hide him for a 
few weeks." Ayeka started, shooting Keith a questioning glance.  When 
he shook his head no she continued, "then I suppose we will have to 
take him with us." She finished with a sigh.
 
	Keith couldn't resist.  "Wouldn't that be kidnapping Princess?" 
he teased.  "Hardly appropriated for someone of your station don't you 
think?"
 
	"Kidnapping?" Ayeka replied in a mock-offended voice.  "I am most 
certainly not going to stoop to your level Mr. Mayhem.  I shall simply 
have Kiyone and Mihoshi place our guest under protective custody."
 
	Keith laughed, and Kanno sunk even farther into the overstuff 
chair, a look of doom on his face.
 
 
 
 
	At the entrance of the hotel, armored transports screeched to a 
halt, and GP troops poured out and into the brightly lit lobby.  They 
looked like ants from her position on the roof.  She grinned coldly as 
she watched them scurry far below.  She was tempted to wait until they 
were in the suite as well before making her move. but that would 
probably displease Lord Heero.  Ah well, it would be a pretty explosion 
either way.  Grinning, she pressed down on the small button on her 
bracelet, and the top floor of the opposite tower bloomed into white-
hot flames.
 
End Chapter Six

