By Washu <beckyr@ais.net>

Author’s Note: I’m not sure if I’ll keep this title, but for
now, here it is. This story is told from Ryoko's point of 
view, and takes place after the last episode of the first
TV series, but before Tenchi Muyo! in Love.

				~~~~~~~~

			Memories to the Present
		       by Washu (aka Becky Reck)
				~~~~~~~~

Chapter 1: Love at Last?

	Nobofy understands love better than I do. Sounds crazy,
coming from a space pirate, I suppose. But when Tenchi wanted to
save a friend, I helped, risking my own life in the process
(despite how much I hate that little bitch Aeka). When we
went back to 1970 and I almost lost him, I was deep down
inside frightened out of my mind. I couldn’t lose my only
love.

	So many months ago, I met with him again. Our first
adventure was over then. We were happy together for the two
months we spent alone, although the first weeks I could
easily tell he was still saddened by his friends’ absence
from the Masaki household. I helped him through it as anyone
would do. Then, that day, the words came. Those words I
though I’d never hear.

	“Ryoko,” he had said to me, “we’ve been through a lot
together, from the worlds created by us-” he shuddered as he
thought of Sasami’s world, “to Kagato, to even last week
when you tried to cook us all dinner and gave us food
poisoning instead...”

	“Hey, I’ll have you know I tried to make you a decent
meal! Is it my fault that I never cooked when I was alone?”

	Tenchi laughed, a nervous laugh. “I know, I know.
Ryoko, what I have to say is I... I... love... y... you.”

	I almost fainted. He loved me, ME! The words echoed in
my ears. My eyes had turned sparkly, and I hugged my love. 
Hugging him was easier, now that I know he loved me back.

	"I love you Ryoko. You’ve helped me through a lot,
helped me to come back to this world instead of living in
sorrow and saddness for the rest of my life due to the
absence of my friends. I-”

	Tenchi stopped mid-sentece as he caught glance at me. I
had stopped hugging him, staring at the sky in horror.
Something was falling to the ground from space. It looked
like a shooting star, but no, it wasn’t one. I looked closer
and saw it was a ship.

	A Juraian ship.

	“Damn!” I had said. What if Aeka was on that ship? What
if it was Jurai coming to take (kill) me? I couldn’t let
anything happen that would seperate Tenchi and I. 
	
	I picked up my Ryo-ohki and teleported into a tree, the
ship Ryo-oh, to be exact. From here I could watch everything.

	The ship, which was DEFINATLY Jurai, landed on the
lake. A wave of water splashed on the shore, narrowly
missing Tenchi. He had stepped away to avoid being soaked.
Then someone, or rather three someones, stepped out of the
ship.
	
	One of the three that came out had long, purple hair,
and was wearing the clothing of Jurai royalty. The other two
were blocks of wood, each with a gem on its forhead. The one
on the lady’s left had a red gem, the one on her right had a
blue gem. Each of them also had their names written below
the gems. 
	
	The lady was Aeka, the logs Azaka and Kamedake.

	Aeka ran up to Tenchi and hugged him. Tenchi hugged
back. How could Aeka come back now? Just as Tenchi said he
loved me? Why does she ruin everything?

	I almost sent an energy blast Aeka’s way, but stopped
myself when I realized Tenchi was in the crossfire. I
couldn’t take much more of this. Managing to teleport
between the two, I pushed Aeka away from my Tenchi.
	
	“What the hell do you think you’re doing here Aeka?” I
screamed at her. 
	
	“What am I doing here? I should be asking you that
Ryoko!”

	“I’m here because Tenchi loves me, that’s why!”

	“Ryoko, PLEASE.”

	“Quiet, Tenchi, this doesn’t concern you,” I replied. I
didn’t know what to say. Tenchi was obviously confused by
this. After all, Aeka and I WERE arguing about him.

	Aeka was still trying to get past me and near Tenchi. I
wouldn’t let her, and it took no effort to keep her away.

	“Lord Tenchi, I’ve missed you so much! I couldn’t stand
being away from you.”

	“That’s why I came back. My wound healed, and Ryo-ohki
and I came right here,” I told her, every word covered in
utter hatred.

	“Injury? HA!” she laughed. “What a bunch of rubbish!
First Tenchi loving you and now this? Tenchi would never
love a monster-woman like you!”

	That was the last straw, “New things happen every day!
It appears he loves “monster-women” better than he loves
snobby bitch princesses from Jurai!” 

	I was about to draw my sword, when Aeka shouted
something out. I wanted to choke that little maggot.

	“Azaka, Kamadake! Take her away!”

	A chorus of “Yes mah’m’s” sounded from the blocks of
wood. Before I could react, even laugh at how Aeka thought
two stupid logs could stop me, Ryoko, the best space-pirate
in the universe, the gems on the log’s “forheads” began to
glow.
	
	I felt myself slowly vanish. I couldn’t tell if it was
I who was vanishing, or if it was the world around me. I
just know everything faded into blackness. Tenchi’s voice
called my name, but I couldn’t see him, WHY couldn’t I see
him?

	His voice faded, and I was alone.

			~~~~~~~~

More to come! 
			~~~~~~~~

	This fan fiction is owned by its author (me!). The
anime this story is based from are copyrighted by AIC *
Pioneer LDC. In other words, I know the anime this is from
isn’t mine, I’m not making any money from this story, so
don’t sue me. Besides, if you did, I don’t have any money.
