~~~~~~~~
Chapter 3: A Not so Happy Reunion
~~~~~~~~

	I sighed. How long could it take my Ryo-ohki to find
me? This ship couldn’t have gotten THAT far away from Earth.
Meanwhile, I sat on the floor, listening to Washu type on
her holoputer. This darkness was driving me crazy. Didn’t
they have any lights around this place?
	
	Suddenly, red, blinking lights shone inside and outisde
the cell. For once I saw what the cell looked like, but when
I did, I didn’t want to see it anymore. It was the very same
cell that I had stayed in before.

	“What’s all the comotion about?” I asked Washu.

	“I don’t know...” For ONCE Washu was speachless.
	
	“Miya!”

	Well, that explains it, I thought after hearing the
voice of Ryo-ohki in my head.
	
	“Washu, Ryo-ohki is here. Can we get out of here now?”

	“Certainly! Just let me create a rip in the subspace
plane...”

	Washu typed in her holoputer for a couple minutes, and
at that point let out an “aha!” and pressed one last button.
As the holoputer dissapeared, a green portal appeared. Washu
jumped in without a word.

	“Hey Washu, wai-” I said as I jumped in.

	I then, almost instantly, found myself aboard the
Ryo-ohki. Washu was “talking” to a Ryo-ohki crystal across
the floor.

	“Ryo-Ohki, take us home!” I shouted to the ship as I
sat down in my chair. Ryo-ohki mewed in response, obviously
wanting to get out of the range of fire as fast as possible.
Strangely enough, not one Jurian ship was following us.

	I thought nothing of it and so said nothing to Washu.

	We sped back to Earth, awaiting to see Tenchi again. At
least I was. Washu was thinking differently.

	“I wonder if the closet is still available...”
	
	Finally Earth was in view. But our troubles weren’t
over. A voice boomed in the ship, followed by a screen with
the face of a certain person. Someone HAD been following us.

	“This is detective Kiyone of the Galaxy Police. Slow
down your craft and prepare to let us aboard.”

	“Slow down? Never. We haven’t done anything!” I shouted
back. I looked to Washu for support on the comment, but
recieved none.

	“Ryoko? Is that you? Its like, such a coincidence that
we ran into each other!” came the voice of a too familiar
voice. Mihoshi.

	“Ryoko, don’t make this hard. Just slow down.” Kiyone
was trying to reason with me.

	I told Ryo-ohki to speed up and go towards Earth, and
to land near the Masaki house. Just when we were close
enough to Earth to begin the landing process, an energy
blast hit the ship.

	“They’re firing at us?” Washu exclaimed, surprised.

	“Ryo-ohki, land right NOW!” I yelled. But it was too
late. We were plumeting towards the earth. Ryo-ohki had also
shot down the Galaxy Police ship, and they were following
us. Clouds rushed past us. The last thing I remember was a
big flash of light.

	Author's note: And to think, after writing the first two
chapters, I've finnaly discovered a plot. :) Email comments,
critism, flames, ect to beckyr@ais.net.
----------------------------------------------------------------
Well, there's the next chapter!
			Bai,
		-Becky "Washu" Reck
-- 
http://fly.to/Washu2
"I am a thinker, a wisher, a dreamer. With these three I can do
anything."
Member of FYML, ChiML, Tasuki ML, Slayers ML, Washu ML, maintainer of
Tasuki ML