DISCLAIMER
Me = pathetic
Pioneer = corporation that can sue me at whim
Me stealing Tenchi Muyo = the stupidest thing I could do
I think we get the picture.


Memories of a Hidden Me
By
The Magician

	Tenchi Masaki stood and stared at the sun.  It seemed unusually bright 
this afternoon.  Sure, it was summer, but something strange was in the air, he 
just knew it.  It was the shouting of Ryoko and Ayeka that brought him out of 
his reverie.  

	"Whadya MEAN 'foul ball' ?!  That's not a foul!"

	"It most certainly was!  We agreed that the foul line was over there by 
that larger stone, and you hit the ball behind it!  Therefore... a foul ball."

	Tenchi smiled.  They always argued, and normally it would bother him, but 
there was a sort of comforting familiarity about it.  It was getting to the 
point where Tenchi kind of liked it... at least the non-destructive arguing.  
The last thing he ever wants to do is help rebuild large portions of the 
house... again....

	"Well... okay then, princess.  You want a foul ball, you'll get your foul 
ball.  Toss another one over here... it's gonna be a homerun..." smirked Ryoko.  
Both Ryoko and Ayeka glared at each other, confident that they'd make the other 
back down in their contest of wills.  

	"Will you just play ball already!?" Chided Washu.  The pirate and the 
princess looked at her and smiled sheepishly.

	"Okay... Rrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaaadddddddddyyyyyyyy...." Said Ayeka as she 
grounded herself more, as if to prepare to launch a real missile.  Ryoko's grip 
on the bat tightened.

	"Aaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiimmmmmmmmmm...." Ayeka growled as she carefully aimed 
her shot.  Washu made the signal for a fastball, to which Ayeka nodded.  Ryoko's 
eyes squinted, getting ready to nail the ball into orbit (literally).  And then, 
silence.  Everything becomes still for an eternal second.

	"Ffffffffffffffiiiiiiiiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeee!!!!!!" Screamed Ayeka 
as she threw the baseball toward Washu's awaiting glove.  Ryoko just seemed to 
stand there.  At the last possible second, Ryoko slammed the ball... and broke 
the bat.  

	"Ha!  Ayeka threw the ball too hard, and Ryoko swung too hard...now that's 
funny" laughed Washu as the ball sailed into the blue sky.   

	"Tenchi!  The ball's heading right to you!" shouted Ayeka, who then turned 
and glared triumphantly at Ryoko as she sped around the bases.  Tenchi, hearing 
the warning, gazed up into the sky, looking for the ball.  But all he could see 
was the sun.  It was so bright...

	And then everything faded to black.

*****

	"Tenchi..." said Ryoko's voice, somewhere in the darkness.

*****

	"Wha..." mumbled Tenchi.  He felt something cool and wet against his 
forehead and a soft hand caressing his face.  Slowly, everything faded back into 
reality.

	"...Tenchi..." said a familiar female voice, but definitely not Ryoko's.

	"Who..." Tenchi began to say, but was cut off.

	"Shhh.  Don't try to talk.  You should take it easy.  You certainly did 
take a blow to the head..."

	The world began to focus more and more.  Tenchi could tell that it was 
evening, and that he was in his room.  But he didn't recognize the woman sitting 
on his bed next to him.  There was something familiar about her... something 
comforting.

	He then focused enough to see her face.

	"M...mother?" Tenchi said weakly, before the pain in his head forced him 
to be quiet.  Achika laughed a little.

	"You're... alive..." mumbled Tenchi, who was almost on the verge of tears.  
For years, his mother had been gone... but here she was, sitting right in front 
of him.  Tenchi was bewildered, but happy.

	"Of course, silly!  Why wouldn't I be?" she said.  Every word was like an 
eternity of heaven.  

	"N...no reason.  Just a bad dream, I suppose..." muttered Tenchi.  

	"Oh?  Tell me about it?"

	"Well... I was young, really young.  I also remember that it was cold... 
snowing... I remember crying because you were very sick and... you..."

	Tenchi's mother began to giggle.  

	"Why're you laughing?"  asked Tenchi.  He still wasn't too sure what was 
going on.  That's when he heard his door open.

	"Hey Tenchi!  Are you okay?"  It was Sasami's voice.

	'Finally...' Tenchi thought, 'someone who'll help me make some sense of 
this...'

	Tenchi turned his head and saw that it was indeed Sasami... but yet it 
wasn't.  Instead of her long black hair, she had normal, everyday black hair and 
brown eyes, as opposed to amethyst.  He looked back at Achika, more confused 
than ever.

	"That was the day when your sister was born, silly!  You were crying 
because you thought I was sick.  You were still so young back then... you didn't 
know any better."

	"My... sister?" gulped Tenchi.  This was getting weirder and weirder?

	"Where's Washu?" he asked.

	"Who's Washu?  Someone from your dream?"

	All Tenchi could do is lay back and hold his pounding head.  He closed his 
eyes and went through his memories.  He remembered Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami 
(at least how she REALLY was), Mihoshi... everyone.  He remembered fighting 
Kagato... he remembered...

	He couldn't remember anything with any clarity...

	Was everything just a dream, a dream that's already fading into 
forgetfulness?  And why can't he remember...

	That's when the memories came back to him.  The snowy night, him crying, 
and then... they crying of a baby?  He remembered countless birthdays and 
celebrations.  He remembered his father getting several promotions, he 
remembered...

	"Oh my god..." muttered Tenchi under his breath.  The countless months, 
the many adventures, everything... it had been a dream.  Tenchi suddenly went 
numb.  He didn't know how to feel.  Should he feel happy, because it meant that 
his mother wasn't dead?  Or should he feel sad, because all of his friends were 
little more than figments of his imagination?  He didn't know.  All he knew was 
that there was a pain in his brain, a bump on his skull, and an empty pit in his 
stomach.  

	"Well honey, we'll let you rest.  Do you think you'll be well enough to go 
to school tomorrow?"

	"I... I don't know..."

	"Well, the doctor said that you don't have a concussion, but you might 
experience some 'strangeness', as he put it, over the next few days.  Be 
careful... and rest up!"  smiled Achika, as she softly pushed Sasami out of the 
room, despite her protests.

	Tenchi just laid there... and then fell asleep...

*****

	Tenchi woke up to the sound of the phone ringing.  It was nighttime.  

	"Tenchi!  It's Ryoko!" shouted Sasami from downstairs.  Tenchi's eyes 
widened to hear that.  He still remembered his friends, but they were fading 
from his mind.  He sat up, ram rod straight, and then froze as his head nearly 
exploded from the pain.  

	"Owww...." Grunted Tenchi as he grasped his poor head.  He definitely 
needed to ask why this happened... after he talked with Ryoko.  He carefully 
reached over and picked up his phone.  

	"H...hello..." Tenchi said, still drowning in a flood of pain.

	"Hi Tenchi, it's your princess!  Are you okay?"

	"Yeah... I'll be okay"  It was definitely Ryoko's voice.  He faintly 
remembered her wild light blue hair and passionate feline stare.  

	"That's good.  Did you pick up your tux yet?  'Cause the dance is this 
Friday and the tickets have been purchased."

	Tenchi could hear some random sounds in the background, and for some 
reason, her voice was shrouded in static.

	"Where are you?"  He asked.

	"Silly, I'm getting fitted for my dress!  I decided to call you on the 
cell phone you got me for my birthday, which was soooooooo cool of you.  You 
must have searched long and hard to find such good rates and..." she went on and 
on.  It got to the point that Tenchi stopped listening to her.  This was 
confusing... it sounded like Ryoko, but this sure WASN'T Ryoko.  She was too... 
peppy.  Tenchi tried to remember some things about THIS Ryoko, but he ended up 
giving himself a headache.  

	"... hello?  Are you still there, Tenchi?" he heard her ask.

	"Uh... yeah!  Heh heh... sorry, I got a headache."

	"Oh!  I'm sorry.  Well, just remember to pick up your tux, and that Muri 
and Sato aren't going with us as originally planned.  I'm also gonna need you to 
pick up this dress on Tuesday for me because I have practice..."

	"Okay..." acquiesced Tenchi.  He felt so tired.

	"Well, dear.  I'll see you tomorrow!  G'night!"  And then she hung up.

	For some reason Tenchi felt nauseous.  It was either because of the head 
injury, or because he felt like he lost the Ryoko he had grown so attached to.  
Slowly, he hung up the phone, only to notice a framed picture next to it.  A 
closer look showed Tenchi next to two women... one of them was definitely Ryoko, 
but with straight, dark hair.  She seemed to have traded her feral passion for a 
hedonistic look.  The other girl kind of resembled Ayeka... but she seemed so... 
powerless.  Tenchi, in the picture, looked pretty much like he always had... as 
if he was stuck between a rock and a hard place, and confused as to why he was 
there.  

	Feeling brave, Tenchi managed to crawl out of bed and stumbled downstairs.   
At least the house wasn't TOO different.  With the exception of different 
furniture, and a differently painted wall here and there, everything was pretty 
much the way he remembered it.  

	"Ah, Tenchi!  You're finally awake!" said his father, Nobuyuki, from 
within the kitchen.  Tenchi smiled when he saw his mother and his father 
together, cooking dinner.  His... sister... Sasami was sitting in front of the 
TV, watching some inane game show.  Tenchi stood there, looking back and forth 
between the two and rubbing the bump on the top of his head... which reminded 
him...

	"Does anyone remember how I got this?"  he asked, laughing nervously.

	"Well... you were so busy staring into the sun and mumbling something 
about Ryoko that you didn't notice when a baseball flew right into your head.  
You've been unconscious all weekend!" said Sasami, with a tinge of spite in her 
voice.

	"What's wrong?" asked Tenchi.

	"You were supposed to take me out to the city this weekend!  I saved my 
money for weeks in order to expand my wardrobe, and made all of these 
preparations... and then you had to go and get knocked into a coma!"

	"Now Sasami... it wasn't Tenchi's fault, and you know that.  Accidents 
happen." Chided Nobuyuki.  Sasami exhaled deeply and continued watching the TV.

	"I'm... sorry?" stated Tenchi.  He didn't know if he should apologize or 
not...

	Sasami just seemed to roll her eyes and flip to another channel.  Tenchi 
turned and meandered over to the dinner table, his eyes constantly moving back 
over to Sasami.  A few seconds after he sat down, a few papers plopped down in 
front of him, as well as a pen.  Tenchi looked up and saw his mother.  She had 
one of those "time to be a parent" looks in her eyes.

	"What's this?" he asked, surprise evident in his voice.

	"College applications... the ones that you were supposed to fill out weeks 
ago.  Don't think that a bump on the noggin is gonna stop you from getting a 
proper education..."

	"Uh, yeah... heh heh heh..." muttered Tenchi, somewhat uncomfortably.  He 
stuck his hand behind his head, with his elbow high in the air... the trademark 
Tenchi Masaki gesture of discomfort.

	"Are you okay Tenchi?" asked Achika.  

	"Yeah... I'm fine.  I just feel a little odd... 'cause of the head injury 
and all..."  Tenchi was at least telling a half truth.  This was a strange world 
to him.  Usually, there are at least three explosions, a hundred different 
arguments, and a constant stream of "Tenchi!"s being uttered.  This place seemed 
too... quiet.  He'd get used to it, as Tenchi assured himself, but it wouldn't 
be easy.  

	Dinner, for the first time that Tenchi could remember (he was still 
conflicted over which memories were real... his fading wilder memories, or his 
strengthening "normal" memories), was rather uneventful.  His parents talked 
about work, about bills, asked Sasami about school, talked to Tenchi about the 
upcoming dance... but all in all, it was a quiet dinner.  The kind Tenchi wished 
over and over that he could have... but this was different... strange... 
normal...

	Tenchi went off back to bed not to long after dinner, and pondered over 
the strangeness of it all.  He did so until the comforting nothingness of sleep 
washed over him.

*****

	"Tenchi..." said a familiar feminine voice from off in the darkness...

*****

	As per his normal ritual, Tenchi woke up early the next morning, bathed, 
and dressed himself in his uniform.  He rode the hideously long bus ride to the 
school, constantly wishing that he lived in the city.  When he finally got to 
school, he noticed someone familiar sitting underneath a tree reading...

	"Ayeka?" asked Tenchi as he wandered over to her.  It sure did look like 
Ayeka, but she seemed less "royal" then he remembered (as to why he would think 
that, he couldn't really remember).  She looked up at him with her soulful brown 
eyes (weren't they a different color?).  He noticed that she immediately perked 
up after seeing him.

	"Tenchi!  I'm so glad to see you!  I heard you got hurt..." said Ayeka.

	"Uh... heh heh... yeah.  I'm okay, but I got knocked unconscious for a 
while.  I still feel kind of odd, and some of my memories are kind of... fuzzy."

	"Ow, geez.  That must've been some hit."

	"Yeah..." laughed Tenchi.

	"Listen... I've been meaning to talk to..." began Ayeka, before she was 
cut off.

	"Tenchi!" yelled Ryoko mirthfully as she quickly walked up to Tenchi and 
Ayeka.  She made a quick glance over at Ayeka and then wrapped her arms around 
Tenchi.

	"Ryok...mrph!" said Tenchi as Ryoko kissed him deeply.  He even swore that 
he felt her tongue.  After a few seconds, Ryoko pulled back, eyeing Tenchi 
inquisitively.

	"What's up, Tenchi?  You've never reacted so strangely whenever we kissed 
before!"  Said Ryoko as she shot several strange glances over at Ayeka.  Neither 
Tenchi, nor Ayeka, seemed to notice.

	"I'm feeling a little... off... at the moment, head injury and all..." 
mumbled Tenchi.

	"Oh, yeah, the head thing... right... anyway, did you get the limo?" asked 
Ryoko.

	"The... limo?" gulped Tenchi.  He was getting more and more confused.

	"Duh Tenchi, you said you'd get a limo to take us to the dance!  Don't 
tell me you forgot to get the limo!"  whined Ryoko.  She looked as if she were 
about to cry.

	"I, uh, that is..." began Tenchi.

	"You're going to get it after school today so that you can book it early 
enough so that nothing unexpected comes up?  That's my Tenchi, always thinking 
of his princess!" said Ryoko right before she kissed Tenchi again.  Tenchi 
wondered why she kept using her tongue so much.  Ryoko looked at Tenchi and 
smiled, then looked at Ayeka with a rather spiteful look, and then walked off.  
Tenchi just stood there, Ryoko's lipstick staining his lips, looking back and 
forth between Ayeka and Ryoko.  Ayeka just seemed to look down at her shoes, 
rather than fighting back.  Soon after Ryoko left, Ayeka looked up and saw that 
Tenchi was still there.  For some reason, she seemed rather surprised.  She 
immediately seemed to perk up and quickly walked over to Tenchi.

	"Nice girl, that Ryoko.  You worked for years trying to get her to be your 
girlfriend.  You sort of became a legend in the school... Tenchi Masaki, the guy 
that wouldn't quit.  Eventually, she broke down and you won.  Well, the 
assistant principal really dislikes student public displays of affection, so..." 
said Ayeka quickly before she used her sleeve to wipe the lipstick off of 
Tenchi's face.

	"I'll see you later Tenchi." Muttered Ayeka as she quickly ran off into 
the school.  Tenchi just stood there, alone in the wind, wondering what the hell 
just happened.

*****

	"Tenchi..." said a faint, alien voice from off in the darkness.

*****

	"Mr. Masaki!"

	Tenchi started awake, a few pages of his book cemented onto his face (and 
torn from their bindings).  He looked around and saw all of these strange faces.  
The strangest one was his teacher, Ms. Mihoshi.  He noticed that just about all 
of the male students seemed to be staring at her with a strange look in their 
eyes.  There was something about his teacher that seemed strangely familiar, but 
not in a mundane way.  For some reason, whenever he saw her, he felt... happier.  
	But, as Tenchi recollected, the past few days were pretty bad.  Everything 
seemed so... normal.  It felt wrong somehow.  He felt like there should be 
something more, something that couldn't possibly exist.  There was something 
vital missing in Tenchi's life.  And the fact that he can't remember a lot of it 
made things worse.  For some reason, his girlfriend seemed a lot pettier and 
more materialistic than he (sort of) remembered.  He spent so much time with his 
mother, but as to why he couldn't tell.  And it irked and confused him so much 
whenever his sister Sasami gave him attitude.  And he didn't know why... it was 
like he was stuck in some strange dream.
	But it wasn't a dream.  It was definitely real... and that part is what 
depressed Tenchi so much.  Instead of taking notes, he just drew pictures of 
space faring pirates, sexy demons, and intergalactic princesses.  Instead of 
listening to his girlfriend Ryoko, he just gazed over at Ayeka, and watched as 
she just picked at her food or stared at her shoes.  By Friday, Tenchi found 
that it was hard for him to even get out of bed.  For whatever reason, he hated 
the world he lived in.  It lacked a crucial component that Tenchi required.  
Things just didn't seem to be the same... despite the fact that the only thing 
that ever changed was him.  

	Before he knew it, Tenchi was sitting, dressed up in his penguin suit, 
staring out the window of a limousine, driving up to Ryoko's house.  Her house 
definitely mirrored her personality... it was huge, fancy, and rich.  Ryoko, 
dressed in a tight fitting, crimson dress, her hair styled meticulously in a 
elegant manner, and her make up accentuating her features without being to 
pretentious, walked up to the limo and slowly got in and sat next to Tenchi.  He 
put on a smiling face for her and pretended to be interested in the inane topics 
of conversation she brought up (usually defaulting to "whatever you say dear" 
and "I wouldn't know about that, you're so much better than me when it comes to 
things like that" in order to be polite while rudely ignoring her... she didn't 
seem to notice).
	The dance was just as inane as everything else.  The band played crappy 
renditions of popular songs while many of the men used the opportunity to cop a 
feel on their girlfriends / dates.  

	"Tenchi, what's wrong... you aren't enjoying yourself." Asked Ryoko.  

	"I am, dear." Said Tenchi in a slightly monotone voice.  Ryoko stopped 
dancing and looked at him.

	"Don't lie to me.  You're seriously ruining my good time, and I don't like 
it.  Now, stop being such a downer and have some fun for goodness sakes!" 
commanded Ryoko.  She had her hands on her waist and glared at Tenchi.  She 
looked around and saw that some of the other students were looking at them and 
talking quietly.  This seemed to make her angry.

	"Great.  Now everyone's going to think that I'm boring.  Tenchi, I agreed 
to go out with you as long as you don't cramp my image.  So far, you've been 
really good at actually making look BETTER... why did you have to pick THIS 
night to screw up and make me look like a loser!" Said Ryoko, who almost burst 
into tears.  Tenchi was stuck between angry and apathetic.  He just kind of 
stood there, looking conflicted.  

	"Oh, what, are you thinking of dumping me?  Well, forget it buddy!  You 
aren't going to get the chance!" yelled Ryoko.

	"Oh, why?" asked Tenchi, not really caring.

	"BECAUSE WE'RE THROUGH!  YOU THINK I'M GONNA JUST STAND AROUND HERE AND 
LET YOU MAKE ME LOOK LIKE A GEEK IN FRONT OF EVERYONE?  I DON'T THINK SO!"  
Screamed Ryoko.  She then tromped off to one of the guys standing around the 
refreshments table.

	"Take me home!" she commanded.  The guy nodded and sheepishly walked 
several steps behind her.  Ryoko made sure everyone saw her defiant dignity as 
she opened the doors out of the dance hall.  Immediately, the rumbling of 
thunder and a light, yet ever growing, rainfall showed itself. 

	"Oh, GREAT!" pouted Ryoko as she almost tore her "slave's" jacket off and 
used it as a makeshift umbrella.

	Tenchi still stood there, confused once more.  Why did he go out with such 
a... a...

	"...Tramp." Said a voice from behind.  Tenchi turned around and saw Ayeka.  
She was wearing a purple dress (for some reason it seemed rather ironic to 
Tenchi), her hair down, yet obviously styled.  

	"Yeah... I guess..." said Tenchi, rather dumbfounded.  His head hurt.

	"I knew she was shallow, but I didn't know she was heartless..." growled 
Ayeka.  Tenchi shrugged.  With how his life was going, he just didn't seem to 
care too much.

	"...what's the matter?" Asked Ayeka.  

	"I don't know.  It's just that, ever since I got hit in the head, I feel 
as if something is missing from my life.  It's like I'm in a dream... but I know 
I'm not.  Everything just seems different somehow."

	"Well, you've certainly changed.  You used to be so head over heels for 
Ryoko.  She used to be all you ever talked about, but now, you seem so down... 
it's like you're missing someone."

	"For some reason, I feel like I am..." remarked Tenchi.

	"We've been friends for a long time.  Since grade school at least.  And 
that's all we've ever been.  When you started lusting after Ryoko, I felt this 
sadness within myself... and I didn't know why.  Then it occurred to me on 
night..."

	Tenchi looked at Ayeka with deep concern in his eyes.

	"What?" she said when she noticed how Tenchi was looking at her.

	"You... have feelings for me... don't you?" Tenchi said.

	"Why did you say it like THAT?" asked Ayeka.  

	"I don't know!  Whenever I see you and Ryoko, I keep thinking that 
something is off about the two of you, as if, instead of being equals, it's like 
your two different coins altogether... I... I just don't know WHAT to think 
anymore..." said Tenchi as he shook his head.  Ayeka looked like she was going 
to cry.  Tenchi looked up at her, his eyes showing only sadness.  Ayeka shook 
her head and started towards the doors.

	"Ayeka!  Wait!  I didn't mean what you thought I meant!  PLEASE!"  said 
Tenchi as he rushed after Ayeka.  The two of them ran right out of the dance 
hall and out into the steadily pouring rain.  Tenchi began to think to himself 
about what an idiot he is.  So what if he didn't like the world he lived in... 
it isn't where you live, it's how.  And he could ruin a really good thing if he 
lets Ayeka get away...

	"Ayeka, stop!" He yelled.  Ayeka complied and turned around.  Even though 
she was soaking wet, Tenchi could still see that she was crying.

	"Please, Ayeka... listen to me..."

	"No!  You listen!  I stood here and watched as you pined for Ryoko.  I 
smiled and was happy for you when you finally got her.  When you told me that 
Ryoko was the jealous type, and that you didn't want to give her the wrong idea, 
I backed off..."

	"...I actually said that...?" asked Tenchi sheepishly.

	"Yes, you did!  I listened to you and I did what you wanted me to because 
I cared for you.  I did everything in my power to make you happy, in hopes that 
one day you would see through that pretentious bimbo and realize that I actually 
cared for you.  You ignored me at every turn... you even ignored the bad things 
Ryoko has done to you since you two got together.  You caught her cheating on 
you, what, five times?  And every time, you came to me, cried on my shoulder, 
and then went back and worshiped your big breasted goddess.  And, when I finally 
try to tell you how I feel, you give me some crap answer "oh, something just 
seems off with both you and Ryoko" and then you wonder why I'm so angry!"

	"I'm not wondering why you're angry!  I KNOW why!  I was horrible to you, 
and now I know that..." started Tenchi...

*****

However, down the road, Ryoko, soaking wet, just stared evilly out the 
windshield of her slave's car.  She thinks to herself how much she's going to 
make Tenchi pay for embarrassing her tonight.  Now everyone thinks that she's 
not a fun person, just some narcissistic headcase, and it's all because of 
Tenchi.  He was probably cheating on her with that Ayeka bimbo as well.  Oh, he 
will pay... oh yes, he will pay.

*****

	"...you... you really believe that?" asked Ayeka.  Tenchi, for the first 
time in days, smiled.  Slowly, he moved closer to her.  He was about to kiss her 
when he heard the sounds of a car coming by.  He looked down and noticed they 
were standing in the middle of the road.

	'This isn't good' Tenchi thought...

*****

	Ryoko, managing with Herculean effort to suppress (at least temporarily) 
her immense rage, looked over at her obedient lapdog.  She noticed that he 
wasn't too bad looking.  Actually, he was kinda cute.  And loyal too.  He did as 
she asked without even hesitating.  She liked that...

	"So... what's YOUR name?" she asked.

	The driver slowly turned his head and looked over at her as soon as he 
made a turn at the intersection...

*****

	"Maybe we should get off of the road..." began Tenchi.  That's when he 
heard the screeching of tires.  The car rounded the corner and didn't even look 
like it was going to stop.

	"Tenchi!  Look out!" Screamed Ayeka.

	Tenchi wanted to run, but his eyes locked onto the headlights.  They were 
unusually bright... as bright as the sun.

*****

	"Tenchi!  Look out!"

	The driver heard Ayeka's scream and quickly darted his head back to the 
windshield.  He slammed on the breaks, but the car went into a skid on the wet 
road.  Ryoko screamed when she realized who they were about to run into...

	"TENCHI!"

*****

	And then everything faded to black...

*****

	Achika, Nobuyuki, Sasami, and Ayeka sat in the hospital room, tears 
streaming down their cheeks.  Ryoko sat in the corner, a cigarette lit (despite 
the continued protests of the doctors), shaking.  The police were talking to the 
driver, and told Ryoko to stay put, because she's next.  After what seemed an 
eternity, the doctor walked in.

	"Mr. and Mrs. Masaki, we've done some tests, and, your son Tenchi has 
suffered a massive brain trauma..."

	"Will he be alright?" asked Achika, sadness pouring through her voice.

	"Your son is in a coma.  We're not too sure if he'll ever wake up.  With 
the amount of swelling in his brain, we'll never know for sure..."

*****

	"Tenchi..." Said Achika's voice from off in the darkness.

	"wha..." muttered Tenchi in response.  The world began to fade back into 
view.

	"Tenchi..." said a different voice... Ryoko?

	"Tenchi... wake up, Tenchi..." It was definitely Ryoko.  She sounded 
worried.

	The world finally returned to Tenchi Masaki.  The bright summer sun flared 
warmly in his face while a faint breeze cooled his aching head.  Tenchi, his 
vision still blurry, turned his head to the side and saw the baseball.  It was 
covered in scorch marks (possibly from reentry) and a small patch of blood.  
Tenchi then slowly turned and looked straight up.  He saw Ryoko's passionate, 
caring, feline eyes staring back at him, as well as Ayeka's regal, noble, and 
loving face.  

	All Tenchi could do was smile.

	'Thank god things are back to normal...' he thought.

THE END

Author's Comments : Okay, I know I've been out of the Tenchi Muyo FF loop for 
quite a while (does that make me an "old timer"?), but, if I recall correctly, 
this is where I beg and plead to you for questions and comments and criticism.  
Let's see if my return to TMFF is better than my not so eloquent start...
