All charecters are property of AIC and Pioneer so dont
sue me.  I have no money anyways.
	
No Need For Memories. Prolog by Sailor Ryoko

The boy woke up in a small, brightly-lit room.  He was
in a bed near the corner.Slowly, he sat up, ignoring
the pain in his head.  A small, red-haired girl was
busy in the center of the room. 
He didnt reconize the room or its other ocupant.  In
fact he didn't reconize himself.  He couldnt even
remember his own name.
Just then, the red-haired girl noticed that he was
sitting up.
"Glad to see that your up!  We sure missed ya' around
hear." She said chearly.  She begain to walk twords him
and he tried to back away but found himself against the
wall.
"Who are you?" he shouted.  She stopped, and a slow
grin spread across her face.
"I bet you have amneshia!"  She cried.  "Don't worry,
with my help, You'll remember in no time!"
"I'm not sure I want your help."  He said.  She looked
like someone who should be locked up in a mental
instatution.  "Who are you anyway.  For that matter,
who am I?"
"I'm the Scientific Genius Washu!" she yelled.  "And
your Tenchi. I live in your house.  Along with some
other people."
"What happened to me?  I cant remember anything."
"Not to worry.  You were hit on the head when you tried
to save..."  Her voice broke and her eyes filled up
with tears.  She tried to smile, tried to be cheery
like always.  But she couldn't.  Why was it so hard to
think about?
"When I tried to do what?" Tenchi asked.
"Oh, never mind.  It's not important."  She turned away
as a small, blue-haired girl bounced into the lab.  She
was followed by a brown fuzzy creature.
"Washu!" She called. "Dinners ready!" Then the girl
noticed Tenchi sitting up on the bed.  "Tenchi, Your
awake!"
"Do I know you?" Tenchi asked.
"It's me Tenchi, it's Sasami.  Don't you reconize me?"
"He dosnt remember anything Sasami.  We're going to
have to help him."  Washu wispered something in
Sasami's ears.  The little girl nodded and her eyes
welled up with tears.  She picked up the thing that was
following her and walked up to Tenchi.
"My name is Sasami.  This is Ryo-ohki.  She's a
cabbit."
"A what?  My head hurts.  This is too much
information." Washu gave him some pills.
"This might be a bit much for you Tenchi," Washu said.
"But try to take it on in.  If you forget something
again, me and Sasmi will remind you.  Now, we'd better
go if we want a warm dinner."  She led the way out.
                                                                     
At the dinner table, a blond was allready sitting in
her place.  Washu walked up to her.
"Tenchi, this is Mihoshi.  Mihoshi, Tenchi dosn't
remember what happened so me and Sasami are going to
help him out."
"Okay."  She started crying. "Just don't tell him when
I'm around.  I don't want to hear it.  Especialy what
happened to Ryo-" Washu clamped a hand oved her mouth
and whispered something in her ear.  She nodded and
didn't say a word for the rest of the night.
"Is this something I should worry about?" Tenchi asked
Sasami.
"Oh no.  Don't worry.  Everything is fine."
No one said a word for the rest of the night.

After dinner, Sasami showed Tenchi to his room.
Washu and Sasami talked in hushed tones downstairs.
"If he dosn't remember anything," Washu was explaining.
"Than maybe, we can have him forget all about Aeka and
Ryoko.  Actualy, You can tell him about Aeka, but not a
word about Ryoko.  Got it?"
Sasami nodded.  "I don't think I'll have the heart to
talk about her just yet." 
Both of them went to bed with heavy hearts.  Again,
like every night for the past month, both of them cryed
themselves to sleep.


Well, that was The prolog.  What do ya' think?  If
someone writes and says to get the next chapter in,
maybe I will.  I dont know.  Anyways, sorry it's so
sloppy.  I cant spell or type real well, so sorry.  
P.S. This is my first fanfic, so have mearcy.  Also,
all flames will be discarted immeadeatly. e-mail me at
souliere@together.net
 