	Ryoko awoke to a star speckled sky. She often found herself waking at 
strange times, partially because she didn't need to sleep.
	Ryoko sat up and flexed her back. "Guess I'll go watch Tenchi sleep."
	Ryoko teleported herself into Tenchi's room and hovered over his bed. 
Tenchi's forehead was beaded with perspiration and he kept tossing and turning. 
"No, stop. Please!" He murmured.
	Ryoko put her hand on Tenchi's head and wiped the sweat away. She then ran 
her fingers through his hair and over his face. "It's ok Tenchi. I'm here."
	The young man stopped flailing.
	A smile slipped across Ryoko's face. "There we go. Calm yourself Tenchi. 
Ryoko will protect you."
	Tenchi fell back into a peaceful sleep and Ryoko's tiny smile turned into 
a grin. She had calmed him with her voice!
	Ryoko lowered herself to the ground and sat down by the bed. "I always 
wanted to do that." She whispered.
	Ryoko observed Tenchi the rest of the night, feeling rather warm and fuzzy 
the whole time.
	When morning came, Tenchi awoke only to see two glowing eyes staring at 
him. He shut his eyes and turned the other way.
	The demoness frowned at this but quickly put a happy look back on when 
Tenchi faced her.
	Tenchi rubbed his eyes. "Ryoko, do you always have to watch me sleep?"
	Ryoko placed her feet on the ground and stood. "I don't have to, but I 
want to. Don't you like the company?"
	Tenchi sat up on his bed. "Uh, not exactly."


	At the breakfast table, Sasami and Nobuyuki were placing the food down on 
the table. Sasami needed help because she was not feeling well and was going to 
lie down on the couch as soon as she finished preparing breakfast.
	Both Sasami and Nobuyuki saw Ayeka walk into Tenchi's room and heard her 
scream.
Nobuyuki laughed out loud when he heard Ayeka shriek. "That didn't take long."
	He sat down at the table a called for the Tenchi gang to come down stairs 
and eat dinner. He started eating, waiting for one of the girls to storm down 
the stairs.
	Ryoko came down first, but she was snickering. Ayeka soon followed, 
dragging Tenchi behind her. She reached the table and yanked a chair out. "Lord 
Tenchi, you are sitting next to me." She pointed to the chair. "Now sit!"
	Tenchi did so obediently, hoping another catfight wouldn't between Ryoko 
and Ayeka wouldn't take place again.
	Sasami finished placing all the food on the table and walked into the 
living room to rest on the couch. Ryo-ohki picked up a carrot in her mouth and 
followed the young princess.
	Sasami lied down on the couch and Ryo-ohki curled up next to her. They 
both fell asleep shortly after.
	
	In the dinning area....

	Ryoko winked at Tenchi and began to eat noisily. "This breakfast is so 
good!" She said with a mouthful of food. Ryoko started slurping her tea.
	The princess shook with anger. "You have the worst manners Ryoko!"
	Ryoko took a big bite of food and pointed to the tea Ayeka was holding. 
"You are spilling your drink Ayeka."
	Ayeka placed her cup on the table and franticly searched her dress for a 
stain. Nothing was on her dress, not even a drip of tea. "Ryoko, what are you 
talking about? I didn't spill anything."
	Ryoko picked up her chopsticks and gathered a big clump of curry rice in 
them. "Oh, sorry. I meant that you would have tea on your dress." Ryoko flung 
the clump of rice in the air and it landed in Ayeka's teacup. Ayeka jerked back 
in her chair and tried to cover her face as the hot liquid splashed all over 
her.
	Before Ryoko could even begin to laugh, the princess rushed over to her 
and knocked Ryoko out of her chair and onto the floor. "I am going to kill you 
Ryoko!" 
	The demoness pushed Ayeka off and they both stood. Ryoko blew the hair out 
of her face. "Why'd you have to push me out of my chair princess? I don't go 
smacking you to the ground!"
	Ayeka locked arms with Ryoko. "Because you ruined my dress on purpose!" 
She then pushed Ryoko against a wall. "I don't know why Tenchi even bothers with 
you, Ryoko." Ayeka pushed her harder on the wall. "You are rude, conceited, hot 
tempered, and not to mention creepy! Who wants to marry a person who can make 
duplicates of themselves, fly, teleport, and overall overpower them?"
	Ryoko smashed Ayeka against another wall. "Is that what you think miss 
prissy? Well let me tell you something! Tenchi would much rather be with me 
because I actually do stuff with him! All you do is gawk, wishing you could 
muster up enough courage to say one word to you love. If he even is your love!"
	Ayeka was visibly shaking with anger and flexing her fingers. She spoke 
softly, but anger was still in her voice. "You are going to regret saying that 
Ryoko." She let go of the demoness. "Kamidake, Azaka! Attack Ryoko at once!"
	The two protectors flew into the room and launched themselves full force 
at Ryoko. They body slammed her one more time before returning to Ayeka's side.
	Ryoko lay on the floor, bruised and listless. Ayeka stuck her nose high in 
the air and walked back to the table, seemingly unconcerned. Everyone at the 
table had their eyes on Ryoko, wondering why she did not get up. Tenchi wanted 
to go over to her, but Ayeka held him down in his seat. "Leave her alone. You 
very well know she is fine. Her pride is hurt, not her body." She sat down next 
to Tenchi but remembered her dress was soiled. "I will be back Lord Tenchi. I 
must change into some clean clothes."
	Ayeka stood up and glanced at Ryoko on the floor. The demoness finger 
twitched and her eyes flew open, glowing a bright gold color. They were filled 
with rage and hate. Ryoko changed into her battle outfit and charged at Ayeka.
	The princess ducked under the table and crawled to the other side. She 
swiftly stood and ran for the front door. She was becoming a bit uneasy. Usually 
she stood and fought Ryoko, but this time, Ayeka didn't think this would be the 
common catfight. 
	When Ayeka was outside, she changed into her battle outfit and put up her 
force field just as Ryoko sung her sword. The princess was really frightened at 
this point. Ryoko normally did not attack like that. Their fights were more of a 
show of power than trying to injure the other.
	Ayeka shot her bolts at Ryoko, who dodged and blocked them every time. 
Ryoko suddenly stopped attacking, which gave Ayeka enough time to run behind a 
tree to rest. She was breathing heavily. "Why is Ryoko attacking like this?"
	Ryoko appeared materialized in front of Ayeka and swung her sword, hitting 
the princess's force field. Ryoko hit again and again, not giving Ayeka any time 
to use her offensive powers. The princess called for her guardian's help.
	Azaka and Kamidake flew over form the house and fired shots, all blocked 
by Ryoko. She only had to use one energy bolt to knock them out.
	All the people who had been at the dinner table were now watching the 
battle. Washu was monitoring the strength of Ryoko's blasts. They were off the 
scale of possible for Ryoko. Washu scratched her head. "How can that be 
possible? She didn't even use that much power fighting Kagato!"
	Ryoko launched herself and picked up Ayeka. The princess screamed as she 
was being carried up into the air. The whole time, Ryoko said nothing. She just 
looked at you with such hate in her eyes that it tore into you like daggers.
	Ayeka tried to wiggle loose, but Ryoko's hold was too strong. Ayeka 
watched as Tenchi became farther away until he was no longer visible. "Ryoko, 
what are you doing with me?!?"
	Ryoko stopped and hovered in the air. A sneer slipped across her face 
which made the princess feel like she was in hell. Ryoko darted down to the 
earth at incredible speed. When Ayeka could see Tenchi once more, she felt 
Ryoko's grip loosening. "Don't let go!" Ayeka cried. "Please don't let go!"
	Ryoko lifted Ayeka over her head and tossed her towards the ground.
	Sasami sat up on the couch, breathing heavily. She picked up Ryo-ohki who 
was also sleeping with her. Sasami gave the sleepy cabbit a big hug. "Ryo-ohki, 
I had a horrible dream! It was so frightening! I hope I never have a nightmare 
like that again!"
	Sasami put the cabbit back down and ran over to the dinning table to make 
sure her nightmare was no more than a dream. 
	Everyone had just finished their meal and was getting up to go do whatever 
they did until the next meal. Sasami sighed in relief. "A dream. Only a dream." 
She began to clean off the table while the last person, who was Ryoko, got up 
from their seat.
	Ryoko teleported to the cherry tree in the front yard. She flew up to one 
of the branches and Ryo-ohki soon followed. The demoness scratched behind the 
cabbit's ear. "Maybe we should go for a ride later if your are up to it. 
Piloting you is relaxing."
	Ryo-ohki meowed and rubbed against Ryoko's legs.
	Ryoko smiled. "Yeah, it wouldn't hurt to ask Tenchi to go along, would it? 
I think I'll go ask him in a few minutes." She looked up and spotted Tenchi 
closing the front door.
	Tenchi decided to go enjoy the warm summer sun and get away form Ayeka and 
Ryoko. They never ceased arguing, not even at important events.
	Tenchi sat down under the cherry tree and gazed at all the flowers around 
the yard. Unknown to him, Ryoko was right above, waiting for Tenchi to notice 
her presence.
	Tenchi felt as if someone was staring at him. He looked up and saw a pair 
of legs hanging down from a large limb. Tenchi sighed. "So much for getting 
away."
	Ryoko smiled and shifted her position so she could see him better. "What 
are you doing out here Tenchi?"
	Tenchi motioned towards the yard. "Enjoying the weather."
	Ryoko noticed how bland Tenchi's answer was. "He must still be mad at me." 
She thought.
	Ryo-ohki also caught the blandness in Tenchi's voice. She decided to go 
cheer him up. The cabbit hopped down to the young man and rubbed all over him. 
"Meow meow meeoow."
	Ryoko watched as a grin came across Tenchi's face. The cabbit did the 
trick. As the demoness gazed down at Tenchi, her vision blurred and everything 
started to spin. She fell to the ground and blacked out.
	A figure appeared before her in a vision. He was wearing black pants and a 
gray shirt. A black cloak was around the man's shoulders and it reached the 
floor. His brown hair was worn shoulder length and his eyes were the color of 
emerald. He pulled out something from his pocked and showed it to Ryoko. "See 
this?" The man said in a smooth voice. "It is a special contraption that 
confines things until later use. You will be the one to try it out first."
	Ryoko opened her eyes and moaned. Her whole body was weak and it felt like 
a thousand stones had crushed her. As her eyesight cleared, she saw that she was 
in Tenchi's arms! She was about to rejoice when she remembered the man. Was it a 
dream? Ryoko felt dizzy again and realized the vision was real. She heard the 
man's voice. "Don't worry, you will be encased and under my watchful eyes. With 
you out of the way, I can deal with Tenchi."
	Hearing those words, Ryoko gripped Tenchi's shoulder and let out an awful, 
terrifying scream. She felt herself being pulled away form him and tried to hold 
on, but couldn't. Darkness overcame her and all the people and things she loved 
disappeared.

	Ryoko awoke to find herself in a big room with a marble floor. She was on 
a small bed in one corner of the room and from where she was lying, Ryoko could 
see that the room was furnished lightly. Ryoko sat up on the bed and franticly 
looked for a door.
	A thought hit her. "Who needs a door? I'll just go through the wall!"
	Ryoko attempted to go through the wall but ended up smashing into it. 
"What? Why can't I go through the wall!" Ryoko tried to move her hand through 
it, but again, she could not. The demoness panicked. "My powers!" She set her 
mind to making and energy ball. A tiny spark was all she got. "No!"
	"Why the long face?"
	Ryoko abruptly turned and saw the same man in her vision. "What do you 
want?" She said harshly.
	The man smiled a malicious grin. "First, introductions. My name is 
Ikaroshi and I come from Jurai. I arrived here on my own free will to accomplish 
one thing. To give Earth and Jurai what they deserve."
	Ryoko stood, anger building up inside her, knowing she was unable to rid 
herself of Ikaroshi.
	Ikaroshi saw the demoness's face and laughed. "I am going to have some fun 
with you." He winked at her. "While you are confined, Tenchi will experience a 
nightmare in the making. With you out of the way, I can kill Tenchi and the 
others. Last, I will smite you." He started to pace around the room and rub his 
chin. "Why do I want to do this? Let's see. How could I word it?" Ikaroshi 
raised his finger in the air. "I know! You see little lady; I dislike the power 
that Jurains have. They think they are so great and try to rule over everything. 
If I destroy you and your little friends, it will be much easier to go on to 
Jurai and assassinate the king."
	An evil grin appeared on Ryoko's face. "You won't ever be able to 
accomplish that. You aren't superman."
	Ikaroshi stopped pacing. "I figured you would doubt my capabilities. Did I 
not immobilize your powers? Are you not here with me?"
	Ryoko growled, knowing he was right. What was he capable of? How could he 
possibly destroy Jurai? Doesn't a great ship protect the planet?
	Ryoko felt a sharp pain inside her. Memories of Kagato flooded back. The 
demoness looked into Ikaroshi's eyes and saw what she dreaded most. Here, 
standing before her was a long forgotten enemy. Ryoko spat at the man. "I hated 
your father Kagato, and I hate you!"
	Ikaroshi sneered and slapped Ryoko's face. "You must pay more respect to 
me, Ryoko. After all, I am Kagato's son."
	Ryoko backed away from Ikaroshi and narrowed her eyes. "Who was your 
mother?"
	The man looked at Ryoko and wore a smirk on his face. "I am surprised you 
do not know. My mother had eyes of emerald and the smarts to figure a lot of 
things out. I inherited both of those things."
	"What is her name! I do not care about what you inherited from her!" Ryoko 
snapped.
	Ikaroshi put up his hand. "Rudeness will get you nowhere." He reached into 
his pocket and pulled out the same stone he did in Ryoko's vision. The stone was 
glowing a bright green. "Since you were so rude, I think I will encase you and 
tell you my mother's name after I finish business on Earth."
	The stone shined ever brighter, making it hard to see. The glow wrapped 
around Ryoko's body and closed in over her. It started to squeeze Ryoko's body, 
growing stronger by the minute.
	Ryoko was in immense pain and was crying out. Ikaroshi just laughed. "My 
father was right. Your scream does make people cringe."
	When Ryoko was at the point of not being able to stand the pain any 
longer, the squeezing stopped and she was surrounded in darkness. She could not 
move, see, or hear anything in the blackness. Ryoko wanted to shriek out in 
terror, but could not. It just balled up inside of her, becoming bigger and 
bigger. "I have go to get out of here!" Ryoko tried desperately to separate from 
her physical being and inhabit her astral body.
	Days went by as Ryoko franticly attempted to release herself into the 
astral body. "Come on! I must do this!" She took another rest. "This is so hard. 
I don't think my false gem is powerful enough to do the job." Memories of the 
previous entrapment flooded her mind. She pushed them out and focused on the 
present time. There was only darkness around her and she was desperately in need 
of help. If Ryoko did not separate from her physical body, she would die. 
Emotions or exhaustion would either cause her death.
	Ryoko began to gather all her energy again, trying to channel it to her 
astral from. "Come on! I must do this!" Ryoko only left enough energy to support 
her organs, which was very dangerous. If she couldn't separate from her body in 
less than a couple of hours, Ryoko would never escape.
	Ryoko tried for hours, her powers diminishing to almost nothing. Her time 
was up. Barley able to concentrate on anything, Ryoko stopped. "I can't die." 
She took all her remaining energy and tried to release herself one last time. 
Her heart began to slow to a dangerous rate. No energy was going to her organs 
now and they began to fail her. Ryoko felt like she was spinning. 
"I...am...sorry...Tenchi...."
	Her heart stopped and all her energy left her body. Yet, Ryoko wasn't 
dead. Ikaroshi was monitoring her progress and had kept her alive.
	Ikaroshi smiled as he typed in some commands on his computer. He was in 
his ship, the Soja, fully reconstructed and restored. "Ryoko, I am not letting 
you miss the horror about to happen to Tenchi. I want you to see this." He typed 
in a few more things and Ryoko's heart started again. "There. Now for some 
energy."
	Ikaroshi took the green stone from a protective case. He then closed his 
eyes and a bolt of energy came from his hands, making the stone glow intensely.

	In the cave....

	Ryoko felt the energy leave her and expected to cease living at that 
moment. She waited and then saw Ikaroshi appear in a vision. "Ryoko, I am not 
letting you miss the horror about to happen to Tenchi. I want you to see this." 
He then vanished, leaving Ryoko in the dark again. 	Though Ryoko really 
disliked Ikaroshi, she wanted him to come back. It was very scary alone in the 
darkness, not being able to see or hear anything. "Please don't leave me." She 
pleaded. All of a sudden, Ryoko rejuvenated with power and her gems began to 
glow. She jumped at the opportunity and tried to transfer to her astral body.
	Ryoko felt herself leaving her physical body and began to rejoice. "I am 
doing it!" Light began to fill her eyes. As her vision cleared, she saw that she 
was in the same cave as before. Ryoko felt very frightened. "I...I'm in here?" 
She looked around. "Why did Ikaroshi have to pick this place? Why?"
	She flew through the cavern ceiling and looked outside. It was a very 
quiet and still. Ryoko proceeded to the Masaki home, hoping Tenchi would be 
there.  She left the cave behind, knowing the dangers of doing so. Ryoko's 
physical body was powering the astral one, so if anything happened to it....
	Ryoko reached house and decided to visit her old sleeping quarters, the 
attic. She glided up into the attic and found Tenchi up there as well. "Maybe he 
can see me!" She thought. Ryoko started reminiscing of the time when Tenchi was 
a babe. He had seen her! What joy that brought to Ryoko's heart!
	She stepped towards the young boy. "Tenchi? Can you hear me?" She flew 
over to his side and glanced at what he was reading. It was her journal! "How 
did you find that, Tenchi?" No response. "Tenchi!" She called out, knowing he 
couldn't see or hear her.
	Ryoko moved in front of his face and looked at him. Tenchi seemed very 
distressed, just like she was. Ryoko reached out and touched his face and then 
placed her hand on his. 
	Tenchi walked right through Ryoko and over to her bed. He sat down and 
pondered over what to do with the journal.
	Ryoko's heart shattered when Tenchi phased through her. All her hopes went 
with it. She covered her face with her hands and cried silently into them. Ryoko 
let her arms drop to her side and she lifted up into air. Before teleporting 
back to the cave, Ryoko stopped and watched Tenchi for a few more moments. She 
then crossed her arms over her heart and teleported back to the cave.
	Tenchi looked up. He had felt as if someone somewhere had been watching 
him. Tenchi glanced around the room, but saw nobody. "Stupid imagination." He 
grumbled.

	At the cave....

	Ryoko was sitting by the entrance of the cave thinking about how she could 
possibly free herself from the stone that held her real body trapped. Not one 
solution came to her. To escape, the stone had to be destroyed. There was no way 
she could do it, but Tenchi could. Unfortunately, she had failed communicating 
with him. Tenchi had been her only hope. "Tenchi, if only you knew what had 
happened to me. I am sure you would be greatly relieved."
	Ryoko stayed next to her cave for the rest of the day and night. When 
morning came, Ryoko decided that the coming night, she would watch Tenchi sleep. 
"I don't care if I am taking a risk. I want to watch Tenchi sleep again." Ryoko 
told her mind. "I will end up going crazy if I don't"
	When night fell, Ryoko waited until the moon was almost to the top of the 
sky. This was the position where it lined up perfectly with Tenchi's window.
	Ryoko teleported right in front of Tenchi's window and flew through it. It 
looked as if Ryoko had come from the moon. 
	Tenchi was lying in bed, still awake. Ryoko was surprised at this. "You 
are still awake, Tenchi my love?" Ryoko hovered over his bed and heard him 
speak. "Why didn't I?" He said over and over again. Ryoko wasn't sure why Tenchi 
was saying this.
	Finally, the explanation came. "Why didn't I wrap my arms around her? 
Ayeka wanted to and so did I."
	A tear fell from one of Ryoko's eyes. She began to sing to Tenchi a song 
all too familiar to her. 

"I am only like the moon,
You are far away as the earth.
Though you say I light your thoughts,
Night after night,
Soon forgot. 

We are drifting in this dance,
I can feel you circle my heart.
Keeping such a graceful distance,
So close, but somehow apart. 

Sometimes I cry for you,
Knowing you don't want me too,
Sometimes I whisper to the stars,
Up in the sky. 

That I want to find a way to your soul,
Kissing the sun,
When morning comes.
You don't seem to count the hours,
When we are not together. 

I've seen a tender fire in your eyes,
Yet, when I'm gone,
You carry on.
I float in this emptiness,
Till at last,
Love returns,
With the night,
And the lonely moon."

	When she finished, Ryoko saw that Tenchi was about to fall asleep.
	Before Tenchi drifted off, he realized why he hadn't embraced Ayeka. He 
spoke the word aloud. "Ryoko."
	The demoness knew what he meant and felt that the melody she had sung to 
him was very appropriate for this moment. She caressed his face with her hand 
and began to sing the song again. The song became quieter and quieter until you 
barely could hear the tune. Ryoko fell asleep next to Tenchi's bed, having just 
finished the melody. She dreamed of the first time she was with Tenchi, but it 
turned into a nightmare. Ryoko was awakened by her own scream and sweat covered 
her face and neck. She wiped the perspiration from her brow and glanced at 
Tenchi. He was sleeping peacefully in his bed, unparsed by Ryoko's scream. Ryoko 
sighed. "I wish he could at least hear me or something. I truly dislike being in 
my spirit form right now!"
	Her thoughts drifted to Ikaroshi and the stone, which held her prisoner 
inside the wretched cavern. "Why is he making me suffer through all of this? Why 
doesn't he just kill me now?" She stood up to her full height. "Why must I see 
Tenchi die!" She yelled the last sentence again, hoping Ikaroshi might hear it.
	Ryoko guessed that Ikaroshi most likely heard her cry out, but chose not 
to respond. She flew back out the window and towards her 'home'. Ryoko sat down 
by the shrine gate and looked up at the now sinking moon. Morning would come 
soon and so would Ikaroshi.
	Ryoko closed her eyes. Her body felt weak, probably because she had been 
away from her physical being too long. It powered everything Ryoko did and being 
away form the cave for a couple of hours really ate energy. "I should stay near 
the cave for a couple of days to replenish my powers." Ryoko thought. She 
materialized next to her sarcophagus and peered within. Her gems were not as 
shiny as they should've been. "I guess I should go inside my body. I will 
replenish faster anyway." Ryoko smiled at her physical body and put a hand on 
her hip. "You are one beautiful demon." Ryoko then left her astral body and went 
into her material form. The darkness frightened her, but she knew this was the 
only way to replenish her power quickly.
	The gem's powers slowly began to grow and it seemed like an eternity to 
Ryoko. A whole week passed and the gems were still not completely restored. In 
fact, Ryoko calculated that they were only 1/4 of the way done. "This is taking 
way to long."
	Ryoko started channeling more energy to the gems, which made the process 
quicken a little, but it also made it harder for Ryoko to breath, since less 
energy was going to her organs.
	Another week passed and the gems were not fully restored yet. "Ikaroshi! 
Come here!" The man came to Ryoko in yet another vision. He bowed and brushed 
the hair form his face. "Why must you bother me? I am planning for Tenchi's 
destruction you know."
	Ryoko felt her heart drop. She had to get out somehow and save Tenchi. "I 
am more aware of that than I'd like to be Ikaroshi." Ryoko wished she could talk 
to him face, but Ikaroshi would not have it. She was really angry with him now. 
"You are a coward! Why don't you come to me upfront? Instead, you appear in 
visions."
	Ikaroshi laughed in a way that made Ryoko feel very uncomfortable. "I 
might kill you. Good enough reason little lady?"
	Ryoko felt like strangling every last breath from the man. "You think you 
are so tough and powerful don't you? If you didn't do something to my gems, I 
could get out and beat you with my arms tied behind my back!"
	A chair materialized in front of Ikaroshi and he sat down in it. He was 
frowning. "I didn't touch your gems, Ryoko. What is wrong with them?"
	Ryoko gulped. If he wasn't the culprit, who was? "They aren't generating 
the power they usually do."
	Ikaroshi snapped his finger and an android came over and handed him a 
glass of wine. "That could be caused by a lot of things. I did damper your gems 
while I had you in my ship, but that should only cause minor energy loss. Were 
you near another source of power while floating as a soul?"
	Ryoko pondered a bit. Was there anything around the cave that could 
directly interfere with her process? She decided she'd better check. "I'll be 
back. I am going to check around the cave." 
	The evil man leaned back in his chair. "Sure. I'll be waiting for you my 
lady." He disappeared, leaving Ryoko alone. Everything was dark and eerie again. 
Ryoko went into her astral body and floated up and over the shrine. 
	Tenchi was working in the carrot fields like he always did and no one else 
was in site. Ryoko scratched her head and did a full circle around the shrine 
grounds. Nothing was around the cave that could cause her gems to lose power.
	After another circle around the cave, Ryoko decided to pay a short visit 
to Tenchi before going back inside her casket. She swooped next to him and 
watched his every move.
	Tenchi sat down on the ground and put his hoe next to him. "I hope Grandpa 
stops making me do chores after school. This is killing my back!" He rubbed it 
for emphasis. Tenchi then chuckled. "Look at me. I am talking to myself. This 
doesn't d much for my reputation."
	The young man grabbed the hoe and used it to help him up. He then began 
working in the carrot patch again.
	Ryoko patted Tenchi's shoulder. "You aren't talking to yourself Tenchi. 
You are talking to me. Remember that." She then flew back to her cave and sat 
down in the room with her sarcophagus in it. Ryoko started to cry after she saw 
how dim the gems were. She didn't want to believe the fact that Tenchi was 
causing it, so Ryoko blamed Ikaroshi. He said he didn't do it and Ryoko knew it 
was true. She would have to stay away from Tenchi.
	A thought struck Ryoko. "Wait a minute. How come he didn't affect my gems 
the last time I was in astral form?" She relished those times in her entrapment. 
Someone could actually see and sense her. Ryoko had wanted to play with him when 
he was little, but instead, she had watched him grow into the young man whom she 
loved. Ryoko sighed. "Time to tell Ikaroshi." She shouted for him, hoping he 
would come without her having to re-enter the darkness. To her amazement, 
Ikaroshi appeared before hr, but in a phantom form. He strolled over to the 
casket, hands behind his back, and looked within. "I see what you mean about 
your gems loosing power. They do look quite weak. Ikaroshi turned to Ryoko and 
saw her tear-stained face. "You found the culprit, didn't you?" He put his hand 
on his heart in mockery. "Your love is the one sapping your energy. The world is 
at an end."
	Ryoko stood up and faced the phantom. "Keep that up and you are going to 
wish you never said anything." She snarled, stepping closer to him. Ikaroshi 
jeered and bowed low. "I am sorry little lady. I did not mean to insult you. But 
what can you do to a phantom?" He paced around Ryoko the same way Kagato used 
to. "Under different circumstances, I think we could have become good friends." 
Ikaroshi stopped pacing and stepped over to Ryoko's physical body. "Of course, 
that is not the case. I chose to be the enemy and you chose to be the hero. 
Unfortunately, I will not allow you to be a hero." The smile that swept across 
his face looked so much like Kagato's that Ryoko took double take. Ikaroshi 
continued on. "I will give you some time to try to be the savior, but don't 
count on much."
	Ryoko watched him fade away into the air. She swore aloud and then 
returned to her real self to attempt to regain enough energy to spend a day 
watching Tenchi. "Maybe in a couple of months." She thought.

	5 months later....

	Ryoko was floating in her astral body near the cave. "I am finally ready!" 
She shrieked with happiness. "Tenchi, here I come!"
	Ryoko glanced at the sun's position. "About 3:00. Just in time to see 
Tenchi come home from school." She sat in a cherry tree near the road, hoping to 
see him before her gems started loosing power. 
	To Ryoko's surprise, Ayeka came running from the house and stopped right 
under the cherry tree. Ayeka straightened her dress out and smoothed her hair. 
"Lord Tenchi should be coming any minute now." Ryoko lowered herself next to the 
princess and looked her over. "I kind of miss arguing with you, Ayeka. Wish I 
wasn't stuck in this mess." Tenchi caught both of there attentions. "Tenchi!" 
They said at the same time. Ryoko teleported next to the boy and Ayeka walked 
over in a proper fashion. Ryoko stayed quiet, intently waiting to see what the 
two would do.
	Ayeka took Tenchi's books from his hand. "How was school Lord Tenchi?" 
Tenchi gladly let Ayeka hold the books. "The usual. Yatsuko teased me; someone 
shook my soda can before I opened it. You know the story." Tenchi saw Ayeka's 
sad looking face and patted her back. "It's ok."
	Ayeka stood, shocked that Tenchi had touched her because he wanted too. 
Ryoko was also shocked because Tenchi had never done that thing to her.
	Tenchi stared at his hand, realizing what he had just done. He knew touch 
was a very powerful thing, especially with one who loves you. Tenchi stuck both 
his hands in his pant pockets and began walking faster.
	Ryoko did not follow; she went the other way. Ryoko took one last longing 
look back towards Tenchi.
	The demoness stayed inside her physical body most of the time, only 
floating as a soul when she could no longer stare at the darkness. The reason 
for this behavior was the fact that Tenchi seemed more partial for Ayeka than 
her. Usually Ryoko did not give up so easily, believing she was Tenchi's 
favorite. This time, she could do nothing to persuade Tenchi to love her. 
Floating around as a ghost, having no way of communicating with the world really 
shattered Ryoko's hope of ever winning Tenchi back.
	Ryoko materialized in the cave. She lingered over her casket, wishing who 
she saw was no longer alive. "A corpse. That is what I look like." Ryoko came 
closer and touched the face. "I am as good as dead."
	She flew up and out of the cave, afraid of what she would see. Nobody was 
around, not even Yosho who often came up to the shrine.
	Ryoko darted to the house and went into the kitchen. She didn't know why 
she went there, something just told her too. Sasami was busy making dinner with 
the humanoid Ryo-ohki. Ryoko looked at the calendar hanging on the wall. It was 
June.  She looked at the floor. "A whole year has gone by since Ikaroshi 
abducted me." Ryoko sighed. "I wonder if Tenchi is out of school yet." The 
memory of the last time she saw Tenchi came back to Ryoko. She quickly shut it 
out of her mind. "Tenchi my love? Are you home?" She called, looking around for 
a clock. Ryoko found one and it read 3:37. "Well, if Tenchi isn't out of school 
yet, he should be home soon."
	The demoness flew to the living room and sat on the couch. Ayeka was also 
sitting on the lounge, wearing a very peaceful look. Ryoko didn't like Ayeka's 
face. Something was up.
	Tenchi opened the door and the princess flew off the couch and stopped 
just short of knocking him over.
	Ryoko raised an eyebrow. This was a bit out of character for Ayeka. "Since 
when do you run up to Tenchi, princess?"
	Before Ryoko could get up from the couch, she felt her power start to 
drain. She then studied Tenchi's face. He looked stressed and a little nervous. 
Something clicked in Ryoko's mind. "That's it!" She screamed, unaware of what 
Tenchi and Ayeka were saying. "My gems lose their energy when Tenchi is stressed 
or saddened. Somehow his emotions are linked directly to the stone that holds me 
captive. When he feels this way, my gems begin to drain."
	Vaporizing from the house and back to the cave, unaware that Tenchi and 
Ayeka were going out for a coffee, she called out for Ikaroshi. Ryoko hadn't 
spoke with him in months because of her depression. Ikaroshi didn't appear, 
which worried Ryoko. "Fine, stubborn one. Have it your way." She assimilated 
with her physical body. "Ikaroshi!" No response. "Hello? What is taking you so 
long? I know you can hear me!"
	Dread overcame Ryoko. She was aware of what Ikaroshi was up to. His words 
came back into Ryoko's mind. 'I will give you a chance to be the savior, but 
don't count on much.'
	Ryoko stayed in the darkness, franticly concocting some kind of way to 
stop his attack. Nothing she thought of satisfied the problem.
	As precious time passed, trying to think of some way to stop Ikaroshi, he 
was on his way to destroying all that she knew and loved. Ryoko wracked her 
brain even harder. While she was doing so, she felt a presence. Thinking it was 
Ikaroshi; she focused on the blackness. Ikaroshi was not there. "If it is not 
Ikaroshi, then it must be someone near the cave!"
	Ryoko teleported outside, just in time to see Tenchi smack right into the 
shrine gate. Ryoko began to snicker. "Nice one Tenchi." She then walked over to 
his side. "Tenchi, you must open the gates. I am inside the cave, waiting for 
you."
	Tenchi looked very solemn. Ryoko guessed he was thinking about the order 
she gave to the Masaki family and friends. She told them never to go near the 
shrine, let alone go into it. It was going to be hard convincing Tenchi to enter 
the caverns.
	Ryoko swooped over t the entrance of the shrine and called to the boy. 
"Tenchi! Hear me! You have got to release me now! Ikaroshi is planning to kill 
you!"
	Tenchi glanced around, as if looking for some unknown person. Slowly, he 
opened the gate and walked over to the sealed entrance. Tenchi pulled out 
Tenchi-ken and sliced the rock that would unlock the seal. The earth shook and 
the cave opened up.
	Ryoko's heart jumped for joy. "Yes Tenchi! That's it! Follow me, I'll be 
your guide." She ran through the passageways and into the room with her 
sarcophagus. Ryoko lifted up in the air and floated over her listless body 
below.
	Not long after, Tenchi came in, glancing around the small room. "Why is it 
so much brighter in here?" He moved to the center of the room and saw the green 
glow coming from the coffin. "What is in there?" Tenchi squinted his eyes and 
saw Ryoko's body lying peacefully within. "Ryoko!"
	Ryoko smiled. "You finally found me." She watched as Tenchi reached out 
his hand to touch the body. The glow surrounding the casket formed a shield and 
as soon as Tenchi came near Ryoko. She gasped as he was flung through the air 
and smashed into the cave wall. He got up a few moments later, to Ryoko's 
relief. She began to feel listless and weak. Ryoko knew it was because of Tenchi 
being distressed. She descended to the ground, figuring it would take less 
energy to stand than float.
	A zapping noise caught Ryoko's attention. Yosho drew his sword and began 
to speak to Tenchi. Ryoko was not paying the least bit of attention to him. She 
was looking at everyone in the room with her. Ryoko cast her eyes on Washu, who 
was talking to the group. Ryoko grinned. "If anyone is to figure out how to 
release my body, Washu is the one to do it."
	Ryoko gawked as tiny particles started to swirl around Washu's from. The 
scientist morphed into her adult figure and began to type on her holotop, as if 
nothing had happened.
	Ryoko timidly approached Washu. "Mother?" This was whom she remembered as 
being her mother. When Ryoko first opened her eyes, she was Washu in full adult 
form.
	As Ryoko stepped closer, she faltered and fell to the ground. She knew it 
was time to try to regain some of her energy. Ryoko once more faced the 
darkness.
	She was not planning on staying in her sarcophagus long, just enough to 
rejuvenate herself. After only an hour, she felt fully energized, which was 
different. It took months last time.
	Ryoko popped into the cave room and saw that no one was inside. "Wonder 
how long it has been empty?" She teleported to Tenchi's room and found him and 
Ayeka inside. They were both talking rather quietly, but happily.
	Ryoko noticed that her gems were not losing power. It was because of 
Tenchi's mood. "Tenchi?" She walked in front of him. "Tenchi my love?"
	The young man was peaking to Ayeka when he felt a presence. He turned his 
head towards were he thought the presence was. Tenchi turned pale and his body 
was twitching.      "R-R-Ryoko?" His eyes rolled back and he dropped to the 
floor. Ayeka stooped down and lifted Tenchi's head, propping it up with a 
pillow. "Lord Tenchi! What happened? Are you all right?" 
	Tenchi's eyes fluttered open and he saw Ayeka's face. "Did you say 
something?" Ayeka appeared to be very relieved. "I asked you what happened."
	Tenchi sat up. "I thought I saw a ghost." His eyes grew wide once more. 
Ryoko was standing before him, hands clasped in front of her. She smiled. 
"Tenchi, you can see me again. I have missed you so much."
	Ayeka had no clue as to what was going on. "Lord Tenchi, are you ok?"
	Tenchi sat up and glared at what seemed to be a spirit. "Who are you?"
	Ryoko took a step closer. "You know who I am." She closed her eyes. 
"Ryoko. That is my name."
	Tenchi still looked bemused. "I thought you were in the cave. And why are 
you like a ghost?"
	"I am in my astral form. When you were a babe, I also appeared to you in 
this form. You saw me and reached out." She lifted into the air and sat cross-
legged. "I was so happy when you did that."
	"I...I remember that! But that was so long ago and I was so young."
	Memories of Ikaroshi flooded into Ryoko's mind. "Tenchi! I have to tell 
you this! Ikaroshi was the one who imprisoned me. He is going to kill you!"
	"Kill me?" Tenchi began visibly shaking.
	"Yes. To stop him, you must retrieve the stone that is holding me captive. 
Ikaroshi has hidden it somewhere on his ship."
	"How should I find Ikaroshi?"
	Ryoko moved next to Tenchi and sat down. "I don't know my Tenchi. I don't 
know."
	Ayeka was still kneeling on the ground. Her eyes were wide with wonder. 
She was beginning to think Tenchi had gone crazy. "Who are you talking to Lord 
Tenchi?"
	Ryoko embraced Tenchi and he did the best he could to return it.
	Ayeka was positive Tenchi had gone insane. She was not sure what to do. 
"Tenchi, stop hugging the air! No one is there!" She touched his shoulder. 
"Please stop. I don't want to marry a crazy person!"
	Tenchi became aware of Ayeka's presence again. "Huh? Oh, right.... How 
should I explain this to you?" He pondered a little. Ryoko put her finger to his 
lips. "Say that I once told her about when I was entrapped in the cave and I saw 
Tenchi when he was a baby. Mention that you also saw me."
	Tenchi did this and Ayeka started to understand. "You mean, Ryoko is in 
here right now, listening to us?"
	Tenchi nodded. "Yep."
	"Ok. I think I get it now." Ayeka looked around. "Where is he now?"
	 Tenchi pointed right next to him. "Ryoko is sitting next to me."
	Ayeka moved her eyes to that spot and waved. "Hi Ryoko." She then stood 
and grabbed Tenchi's arm. "What on earth are you talking about! I see no Ryoko 
and nether do you! Understand?"
	Tenchi was taken aback by the princess's sudden outburst. "Never mind 
then. I lied. She is not here."
	Ryoko frowned at Tenchi. "What do you mean I'm no here?" Before Tenchi 
could reply, Ryoko grinned evilly. "Ayeka thinks you are a psychopath doesn't 
she?" Ryoko laughed and walked over to the princess who was standing at the 
door, waiting for some response from Tenchi.
	Ryoko went behind Ayeka and moved her face into the princess's until it 
looked like Ryoko and Ayeka's face were one. Ryoko crossed her eyes and stuck 
out her tongue. "You are crazy Tenchi." She said in a mock voice. "Ryoko is not 
here!"
	Tenchi snickered and then began to laugh at the demoness's antics. Tenchi 
was eventually in tears from laughing so much.
	Ayeka, on the other hand, was in tears because, as far as she was 
concerned, this was proof that Tenchi did go insane. "What did I do to deserve 
this!" She bawled. "The only man I love had to lose his mind!"
	Ayeka ran out the door, crying for Tenchi to return to his old self.
	Ryoko gazed out the open door. "I wish she could see me."
	Tenchi sighed and stared at the ground. "Me too." Tenchi looked at Ryoko 
and a question came to mind. "How come I can see you?"
	Ryoko scratched her head and shrugged. "I am only guessing, but I think it 
is your mood. Ikaroshi linked your emotions to the stone. When you are anything 
but relaxed and happy, you can't see me."
	A strange voice commented Ryoko. "Very good little lady. You are as 
intelligent as your mother."
	Ryoko and Tenchi both turned at the same time and saw Ikaroshi. He stood 
sneering at the two of them, arms crossed over his chest. "I don't believe we 
have met Tenchi. My name is Ikaroshi. I am the one who is going to bring the 
fires of hell to all you royal Juraians. You are included on my list."
	Tenchi bravely took a step forward. "You are not going to harm anyone!"
	Ikaroshi brought a hand up to his chin. "And how do you propose to stop me 
from doing that, my young friend?"
	"With our help!" Yelled Ayeka, followed by the rest of the Tenchi gang. 
"We are with Tenchi all the way!"
	Ikaroshi scanned the people before him a spotted Washu. "Ah, my lady. I 
have wanted to meet you for a long time." He bowed. "I would like to know how 
you are going to release Ryoko. She is your most valuable fighter, right?"
	Washu narrowed her eyes. "I will get her out. Just you wait and see."
	Ryoko stepped over to the evil man and stomped her foot. "You aren't going 
to win Ikaroshi!" She purposely showed her fangs and spoke softly, but with more 
hatred in her voice. "You aren't going to win."
	Ikaroshi raised his eyebrow and looked unconvinced. "We will see about 
that." He pulled out a control pad and pressed a button, which made him vanish 
into the air.
	Everyone was wondering what this would turn into. Ikaroshi had just 
claimed that he was going to destroy Jurai and he didn't act as if losing could 
be an option.
	Washu changed back to her child form and lifted her arm up in the air, 
finger pointing upwards. "Ryoko, here I come! You'll be out of there in no time 
at all." She sprinted to her lab and shut the door behind her.
	Mihoshi seemed as though she was going to burst out in tears any moment. 
"What are we going to do now?"
	Yosho looked off into space. "Sometimes I wish we were no of royal blood. 
Everything targets us and they always come just seconds from succeeding in 
destroying who we are."
	Tenchi groaned. "You can say that again. When will it ever end?"
	"When you release me." Ryoko responded. "Tell the others what they must 
do."
	Tenchi nodded in agreement. "Right." He turned to face all his family and 
friends. "I know how to release Ryoko. I will tell you as soon as someone 
fetches Washu."
	Sasami jumped up. "I will! I will!" She ran off towards the lab.
	A few moments later, Washu came through the door with Sasami close behind. 
Washu seemed very confused. "Tenchi, how the heck did you find out how to 
release my daughter?"
	Tenchi was nervous. Ayeka had thought he was a lunatic when he talked 
about being invisible except to him. "Well, you see...um.... You made Ryoko so 
you should understand. She is in her...." Tenchi moved his eyes to Ryoko, hoping 
she knew the word. Ryoko smiled. "Astral body. I am in my astral body." Tenchi 
shook hi head very slowly, not sure what the word meant exactly. "Ryoko said 
that she is in her astral body. Do you know what I am talking about Washu?"
	The scientist pondered a bit. "Yes, but I totally forgot she could do 
that. I wonder why I can't see her." She shrugged. "Must have forgot that 
feature."
	Ayeka swallowed. "You mean Ryoko is in here?" She turned red, remembering 
the way she had acted towards Tenchi. "I am sorry Lord Tenchi."
	Tenchi held his hand up to silence the princess. "I need to talk to all of 
you right now. It is important that I get this over with as soon as possible." 
He sat down on his bed. "Ryoko is in here with us and she spoke with me 
earlier."
	Tenchi explained the whole thing to everybody, careful not to leave out 
any of the details. When he finished, Washu had some questions to ask Tenchi. 
"Tenchi, how come you can see Ryoko? I created her to be invisible when in 
astral form."
	Tenchi shrugged. "I don't know. Ryoko said something about my mood, but I 
am not so sure about that."
	Ryoko was tapping her foot. "You don't believe me? Don't you think I would 
know these things? After all, my mother is a scientist."
	Tenchi shrunk into his shoulder. "Sorry."
	Washu and all the others looked confused. "Why are you sorry?"
	Tenchi pointed in front of him to the spot Ryoko was standing. "I was 
talking to Ryoko."
	"Oh." They all said in unison. Ayeka shook her head. "It is going to take 
me awhile to get used to seeing Tenchi talk to the air around him." Washu nodded 
in agreement. "I'll say."

	One week later....

	"What is taking him?" Asked Washu. "We cannot counter the attack until 
Ikaroshi actually does attack."
	Yosho walked into the living room, hearing Washu talking to Tenchi and 
Ayeka. Mihoshi was asleep on the couch and Sasami was outside playing with Ryo-
ohki. Yosho took a seat on the couch. "We must be patient. I see it as him 
giving us time to try to release Ryoko. I suggest you, Washu, take advantage of 
the extra time."
	Washu bowed her head. "I'm afraid I have done all that I can."
	Tenchi stood up. "What! I thought you were the greatest scientific genius 
in the universe."
	"I am. I just can't do anything without the stone that Ikaroshi has."
	Tenchi sat back down next to Ayeka. "When Ikaroshi does come, how will we 
take the stone from him?"
	Washu's holotop appeared and an image of the Soja was shone. "You probably 
recognize this ship. It was Kagato's, the one supposedly destroyed. Apparently 
Ikaroshi majored in construction and engineering because he did a heck of a good 
job putting the Soja back together. He even added a couple extra rooms." She 
pointed to a room in the very middle of the ship. "This is where the stone is 
kept. I took a sample of the substance around Ryoko's coffin and traced it to 
this spot in Ikaroshi's ship."
	The hologram disappeared, as Washu's computer. "Tenchi, you will have to 
go there right away when Ikaroshi attacks. The rest of us will try to distract 
Ikaroshi from noticing where you are headed."
	Washu stretched and shifted her position on the chair. "Any questions?"
	Tenchi fiddled with his hands. "So, I have to do it all by myself?"
	Ryoko came up through the floor. "Scared Tenchi?" She taunted. "Scared 
because I won't be there to protect you this time?"
	Tenchi rubbed the back of his head. "Uhhhh...maybe?"
	Ryoko blushed and moved back. "Really? I knew it! I knew it! You really do 
care about me!" She flounced around the room and stopped next to Ayeka. "Did you 
hear that princess?" Ryoko winked at Tenchi and then flew outside to some 
unknown destination.
	Tenchi took a big breath and let it out. "That was strange."
	Ayeka had a worried look on her face. "What are you talking about Lord 
Tenchi?"
	Tenchi felt embarrassed. "Ryoko was here, but she left." He didn't want to 
explain why she did.
	Ayeka nodded. "Pardon me Lord Tenchi. I forgot that you could see her. My 
mistake."
	Mihoshi awoke and rubbed her eyes. "Huh? Why is everyone in here?" She sat 
up and yawned. "Did I miss anything?"
	Washu got up from her chair. "No. You wouldn't have understood anything we 
were talking about."
	Mihoshi yawned again. "That's good." She snuggled back down on the couch.
	Washu rolled her eyes. "Three, two, one...she's out." Mihoshi's snoring 
could be heard throughout the room. 
	The scientist's holotop appeared. "Might as well do a little studying. 
I'll title it: 'Why Mihoshi sleeps so much'."
	Ayeka raised her eyebrow. "You'd actually study Mihoshi sleeping?"
	Washu stuck her thumb in the air. "You bet! I have always wondered why 
this 'Galaxy Police' officer slept so much."
	Ayeka waved her hand and walked towards the kitchen. "I don't see how that 
could be the least bit interesting." The princess poured herself some green tea 
and sat down at the table. "Sasami, don't you think you should start dinner?" 
She called.
	Sasami bounded in, Ryo-ohki not far behind. Sasami began taking out posts 
and pans. "Thank you for reminding me, Ayeka! I was so busy playing with Ryo-
ohki that I forgot al about dinner!" She grabbed some vegetables and sliced them 
up with a few expertly arranged chops.
	Ayeka nodded her head. "You're welcome Sasami." Ayeka daintily picked up 
her cup and saucer. "Have you noticed that Lord Tenchi has been acting a little 
strange lately? I mean a bit different, like he is...I don't know. Distant?"
	Ryo-ohki changed into humanoid form and started placing the vegetables in 
a pot. Sasami smiled at the cabbit and then turned her attention to Ayeka's 
question. "He did seem rather far away now that I think about it. Must be 
because Ryoko is back, Ikaroshi is planning to destroy him, and Washu isn't sure 
how to defeat Ikaroshi."
	Ayeka sipped on her tea. "That wasn't quite what I meant, Sasami. I was 
referring to the way Tenchi is treating me. When Ryoko wasn't around, he was 
closer to me and I enjoyed every moment of it." She placed her cup and saucer on 
the table. "Now that Ryoko is floating around in astral from, Lord Tenchi hasn't 
been as attentive to me." A tear slid down Ayeka's cheek. "Sometimes I wish 
Ryoko didn't even exist. I know it is wrong, but I can't seem to control that 
feeling."
	Sasami halted her cooking and walked over to her big sister. The little 
princess gave Ayeka a hug. "It is all right, Ayeka. Tenchi just doesn't know how 
to react. He cares about you and you know it."
	Ayeka smiled. "I guess you're right. I am worrying too much." She waved 
her hand, shooing Sasami away. "Go make dinner now. You don't want to be late in 
finishing do you?"
	The little princess saluted. "Yes Ma'am!" She scurried off to the kitchen 
and set to work fixing all of the different dishes that were to be served at the 
evening meal.
	Ryoko flew by Ayeka and went into the kitchen. For once, she did not 
eavesdrop on the conversation. She was too busy listening to Ikaroshi's ship 
approaching the Earth. "Where is Tenchi? I need to tell him that Ikaroshi is 
coming!" Ryoko teleported to Ayeka's room, only to find Nobuyuki snooping 
through Ayeka's lingerie. He picked up a dainty undergarment and whistled. "She 
wears this stuff? Heh heh heh. She is so modest I guess you can't tell."
	Ryoko felt like slapping Nobuyuki but couldn't. "I am so glad Tenchi is 
not like his father." She swiftly turned and teleported to Tenchi's room. Nobody 
was in the bedroom. "I guess he is outside." Ryoko vanished and then 
materialized by the porch area. Tenchi was sitting under a cherry tree about 30 
feet away. Ryoko ran towards him. "Tenchi! Ikaroshi is approaching us right 
now!" Tenchi did not respond. Ryoko stepped in front of him and waved her hand 
by his face. Tenchi still didn't react. The demoness started to panic. Could he 
not see her? She was right there in front of his eyes, yet he did not even blink 
when she talked to him.
	A breezed wisped around the two, blowing Tenchi hair and clothes. Ryoko 
kneeled next to him and looked into his eyes. He gazed right passed her and into 
the forest. Ryoko stood and placed her hands on her hips. "Now isn't this 
wonderful. The one time I need to tell Tenchi something really important and he 
can't hear or see me." She tried to hold back the emotions. "Great! Just great!" 
Ryoko blinked back the tears and slowly started walking back to the house.
	"Ryoko?" Tenchi questioned. "Are you all right?"
	Ryoko's face lit up with pure joy. She flew over to Tenchi's side. 
"Tenchi! I thought I'd never get through to you!"
	Tenchi's face had confusion written all over it. "What do you mean?"
	Ryoko sat on the grass next to the young man. "I was trying to talk to you 
only 5 minutes ago, but you weren't responding. I thought I lost you again."
	Tenchi reached out and caressed her face as best he could. "Ryoko I...."
	An explosion only a few feet away sent Tenchi and Ryoko flying backwards. 
Ryoko switched into her battle uniform and yelled to Tenchi. "Tell the others to 
get out here! Ikaroshi is only seconds from wrecking havoc on everything!"
	Tenchi got up and started running towards his home. Another laser shot hit 
the ground right behind him. He was thrown forward into the side of the house, 
but quickly regained his senses. Tenchi opened the door and yelled for everyone 
to get outside. They were ready before Tenchi got to the house and were outside 
in a flash.
	The Soja descended towards the earth rapidly and stopped just above the 
treetops. Ikaroshi's voice could then be heard. "Tenchi, you seem to be a bit 
nervous. Why don't you ask Ryoko to protect you?" Ikaroshi paused and then burst 
into laughter. "My my my. I don't see her anywhere. Oh wait, there she is!" 
Ikaroshi gasped. "Are you sure you are feeling all right little lady? I can see 
right through you!" Ikaroshi shot a laser directly at Ryoko and she was hurled 
back into the ground.
	Ryoko looked at herself. Blood dripped from her arm. "How come your laser 
is affecting me! I am supposed to be like a spirit, unaffected by the changes 
around me."
	The Soja shifted in position, allowing Ikaroshi to descend to the ground 
on something that looked like a metal, purple Frisbee enlarged to the size of 5 
ft. The man held on to the railing around his device until he reached the 
ground. Ikaroshi stepped off and bowed. "We meet again."
	"You didn't answer my question!" Ryoko snarled, lunging at Ikaroshi. As 
expected, she passed right through him. Ikaroshi sneered. "Now why did you even 
try?" He stepped up on the disk he came down on. "Little lady, wouldn't you like 
to know why I can hurt you?" The flying disk rose into the air and stopped just 
below the Soja. Ikaroshi then grabbed hold of the ship's laser cannon and took 
something from it. He placed the object on his wrist and it sunk into the flesh. 
Ikaroshi held up his wrist and looked at it for a moment. Some of the object 
showed. The item was a dark blue color and brightly glinted in the sunlight.
	Ikaroshi lowered the flying disk back on the ground. He stepped off and 
approached Washu. "Does this thing in my wrist look familiar, Dr. Washu?" 
Ikaroshi showed is wrist to her.
	Washu studied it for a moment and then gasped. "It can't be!" The 
scientist brought up her holotop and began to take an analysis of the object in 
Ikaroshi's wrist.
	Tenchi jumped at the opportunity of sneaking on Ikaroshi's ship. He did 
want to know what was in the man's wrist, but he would find out later.
	Tenchi crept past Ikaroshi and then ran for the Soja. Once underneath the 
ship, Tenchi glanced around for a tree that was tall enough to reach the ship. 
There were two that reached the ship's underneath, but only one that led right 
up to a ship's hatch.
	"Here I go." He started to climb, limb by limb, until it became difficult 
to hold on because of fragile, small branches near the top. "I should of thought 
of this before I started climbing." Tenchi reached up for the next limb, but it 
broke off and fell to the ground. An idea struck Tenchi when he looked at al the 
branches that had broken off. He began to break the branches purposely and toss 
them to the ground below. When he had cleared away as many as he could above 
him, Tenchi started shimmying up the barren trunk. A stub cut his leg as he 
slowly ascended higher. Tenchi grabbed his leg and flinched from the pain. 
"Can't tend to this now." He said through clenched teeth. "I must reach the Soja 
and get the stone."
	When Tenchi removed his hand and placed it on the tree again, blood began 
to seep from the wound on his leg. Tenchi wiped it and pressed on towards the 
ship above him.
	His hand eventually touched something cold and hard. "The Soja!" Tenchi 
grabbed the hatch door handle and pulled it open. He then heaved himself through 
the opening and clasped on the floor.

	On the ground....

	Washu was positive. Her studies proved it. What was in Ikaroshi's flesh 
was indeed a gem of almost the same material as her daughter's gems. But how? 
The gems Ryoko possessed could not be replaced, duplicated or destroyed. They 
were in a dimension inaccessible by anyone. Not even Washu could enter it.
	"I don't understand." Washu made her holotop disappear. "How is it 
possible that you have a gem almost exact to Ryoko's?"
	Ikaroshi let his arm fall to his side. "You will find out soon enough. 
Right now, I would like to demonstrate how my gem is different that Ryoko's.
	Ikaroshi formed a purple laser sword and slashed it at Ryoko. The demoness 
dodged it just in time. The blade cut a few strands of her hair, but nothing 
else.
	Ikaroshi smiled. "You have quick reflexes my lady. I guess you already 
know what is different about my gem's energy sword and blasts. They can destroy 
spirits."
	Washu sighed. He had missed her daughter.
	The evil man drew his beam sword and placed his hands on his hips. "Where 
is Tenchi?" He scanned the yard but did not see him anywhere.
	Ayeka gasped when she heard Ikaroshi ask for her love. What could she say? 
"He is...um."
	Ikaroshi finished the sentence for Ayeka. "He is in my ship."
	His words grabbed everyone's attention. Ayeka was frightened more than she 
had ever been. "How did you know?"
	"Where else would he be?" Ikaroshi made an energy sword and stepped up on 
his flying disk. "I will remove the pest and be back afterwards."
	Ayeka switched to her battle outfit. "Not unless you can get past me!" She 
flew in front of him and shot at the disk. It short-circuited and burst into 
pieces, blasting Ikaroshi and the princess in the air. Ikaroshi landed 
gracefully back on the ground and watched Ayeka smash on top of a boulder. Ayeka 
weakly got up and stood, determination in her eyes. Ikaroshi would not win.
	Sasami ran towards her sister. "Let me help! The others can also assist!"
	Ayeka shook her head. "No, I can do this on my own."
	Yosho was worried. "He is much too powerful for you alone, but with all of 
our powers combined, we may be able to hold him off."
	"Be quiet!" Ayeka snapped. She shot a huge bolt of energy at Ikaroshi. He 
easily dodged it by teleporting. Ikaroshi reappeared behind Ayeka and raised his 
sword. The princess put up her force field just as the energy beam was about to 
hit her. Ayeka quickly took advantage of the fact that Ikaroshi was a little 
surprise that she had reacted so fast. She backed away and shot her energy bolts 
directly at Ikaroshi's chest. He took the impact full force and then keeled 
over.
	Ayeka looked very satisfied at that moment. "He wasn't that hard."
	An eerie laugh came from the man. He stood, grasping his chest. "You think 
it is over do you?" He moved the hand with the jewel over the wound and it 
healed. Ikaroshi bowed. "Meet Ryoko 2. And I'm not afraid to kill Tenchi."
