Disclaimer can be found in Parts 1 and 2.

        Memories Past

     Part 3:

     As Tenchi burst into the living room, breathing hard from his mad dash
to the house, he came upon a sight that made his heart leap into his throat.
Ryoko, her mouth opened in a silent scream, bucked and convulsed on the
couch.

     Tenchi stood there in shock, until a low moan made its way to his ears.
Whatever was happening to her, it was causing Ryoko a considerable amount of
pain. Spurred into action by the pain-filled sound, Tenchi walked briskly
toward the couch and knelt beside Ryoko’s shuddering form.

     Reaching out his arms to try to calm Ryoko down, Tenchi halted his
actions as a voice spoke out from behind him.

     “DON’T TOUCH HER.”

     Looking up and behind himself, Tenchi watched as the spiky-haired
scientist, Washu approached him, with what appeared to be a needle filled
with a yellow substance.

     Coming up alongside him, Washu glanced down at Ryoko and then looked
back up at Tenchi.

     “I don’t know how you managed to pick up on Ryoko’s mental cry, but
unfortunately we don’t have the time to figure it out now.”

     With that said Washu flicked the side of the needle, squirting out a
little of the yellow substance, and inserted it into a vein in her
daughter’s arm. After a few seconds of tense silence, Tenchi noticed that
the shakes and shudders that had racked Ryoko’s body before, were slowly
tapering off.

     In fact after a couple more seconds, they stopped altogether, and Ryoko
lay quietly on the couch. Washu placed two fingers on the pulse point
located on Ryoko’s wrist, and noted with satisfaction, Ryoko’s now slower
heart beat, and the gentle rise and fall of her chest as she breathed in and
out.

     Turning toward Tenchi, Washu said, “The shot that I just gave her was a
nerve relaxant. It appears to have done what it was meant to do, which is to
help calm and repair the trauma that’s been inflicted to her mind. She’s
fighting a very dangerous battle right now. One that could mean her very
life.”

    “Please Washu…tell me what I can do to help,” Tenchi asked, turning
pleading, chocolate brown eyes towards the scientist

    “For now just gently pick her up and bring her to my lab. After that,
we’ll see what has to be done.

    Nodding in affirmation, Tenchi took a deep breath to calm his frayed
nerves, and turned back towards Ryoko’s quietly resting form. He gently
placed one arm under Ryoko’s knees, and the other under her neck.

     Lifting her up slowly and gently, Tenchi could not help but marvel at
how light Ryoko was in his arms. 'She’s so much lighter than I thought she
would be. And she seems so much more fragile too. I’ve never thought of her
as either of those things before. But that’s because she’s never been this
vulnerable before. Someone or something did this to her. And I can’t allow
them to get away with it. I promise you Ryoko, I will find a way to make you
better. And I will find those responsible for this, and make them regret
it.'

     As he thought this an unusual feeling of protectiveness came over him.
Bending his head Tenchi placed a soft kiss on the top of Ryoko’s head. Not
sure why he had done it, Tenchi quickly raised his head, and looked straight
into Washu’s smirking face.

     Blushing to the roots of his hair, Tenchi cleared his throat and began
to say, “Um…I don’t know why…ah…I was just…,” before Washu held up a hand to
silence him.

     A slight smirk still present on her face, Washu said, “No, no, Tenchi,
I understand. Ah, ah, ah…no buts Tenchi. There’s no need to explain. There
are just certain things that a mother know, without any explanation.”

     Then the smile disappeared from her face and Washu said seriously, “but
all joking aside, we have a serious situation on our hands. As far as I
know, Ryoko received the equivalent of an electrical shock, we’ll call it a
psychic shock, right in the nerve center of the brain. This caused her whole
system to shut down, one organ at a time. The shot I gave her, repaired the
damage done to her system, and gave her body a chance to heal itself. But I
don’t know when the next attack will come. And I don’t know how much
stronger it will be. The next one may very well kill her. And I won’t allow
that to happen. Not to my daughter.”

     “I agree with you 100% Miss Washu. I’ll do whatever I can to help.”

     “Good. Now let’s go before it’s too la…”

     “LORD TENCHI! WHY IS THAT MONSTER WRAPPED IN YOUR ARMS LIKE THAT?”

     “Late…,” Washu trailed off, watching as the purple-haired Jurian
princess, entered the living room, her face bright red with anger. Idly
Washu wondered how red Ayeka could get, before she simply spontaneously
combusted.

     “Well you see Miss Ayeka it’s like this…I was, um, in the field…and I
heard…well I thought I heard…ah well, you probably wouldn’t believe me…but
ah…,” Tenchi slowly trailed off, not sure how explain to Ayeka that he had
heard Ryoko’s voice in his head.

     Washu seeing that Tenchi was getting nowhere fast, sighed deeply, and
came to his rescue. “Tenchi was in the fields, he heard Ryoko’s voice in his
head crying out in pain, he came and found her convulsing on the couch, I
told him not to touch her, gave her an injection to calm her down, told him
to pick her up, told him what I knew of the situation, you walked in
screaming like a banshee, and now Tenchi and I are going to my lab to try
and come up with a way to help my daughter. You’re welcome to come and
assist us, Miss Ayeka. We’ll be glad for the help. Come on Tenchi, let’s
go.”

     “Huh. Oh right Miss Washu, “ Tenchi said, shaking his head in wonder.
She said all that in just one breath?

     Tenchi followed Washu out of the living room, pulling his precious
cargo a little closer as he stopped in front of Ayeka. He gave her a weak
smile and said, “I’m sorry about that. I didn’t know how we looked.”

     “No need to apologize Lord Tenchi. I did not know that Miss Ryoko was
ill. She is my friend, and I am worried about her. It was silly of me to say
what I said. I am truly sorry.” Ayeka gave what looked to Tenchi like a
forced smile, before she turned to go. But as Tenchi watched her go, he saw
something shimmer in her eyes before she turned around completely, and
followed Washu out of the room.

     Not sure if what he saw was real or imagined, Tenchi looked down at the
quietly resting face of Ryoko, then looked back up at the now empty living
room. Shrugging his shoulders, Tenchi walked out of the room, and down the
hall to Washu’s lab.

______________________________________________________________________

     “Just put her on that examining table, over there,” Washu waved
distractedly at Tenchi, when he walked in. She was busy working at a bank of
computers, and muttering to herself softly. Ayeka was standing just to the
right of Washu. As Tenchi entered the room, she met his eye and she gave him
a brief smile. Tenchi sighed in relief when he saw it, and smiled back at
her.

     'Well, at least things seem to be okay with Ayeka.' Tenchi looked down
at Ryoko who was resting peacefully in his arms. 'Now if I only knew how
things were going to turn out with Ryoko I’d be happy.'

     Looking around, Tenchi spotted the examining table Washu had first
mentioned stationed in the middle of the lab. Tenchi walked over to it and
set Ryoko down gently. Watching her as she slept, Tenchi felt the same
overwhelming feeling that had caused him to kiss Ryoko’s head the first time
return. Only this time it wasn’t just a feeling of protectiveness that
gripped him. Another, stronger emotion was present. One he couldn’t quite
grasp, but it caused him to reach out with his hand, and run it along the
smooth contours of Ryoko’s face, then slowly reach up to tuck a loose strand
of hair behind her ear.

     Realizing what he was doing, Tenchi removed his hand, and looked up
quickly, noting with relief that Ayeka was too busy talking to Washu to
notice what was going on at the examining table.

     Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief, then looked around for something to
sit on. He spotted a stool a few feet away from him. Walking over to it he
picked it up and carried it back over to the table, placing it by Ryoko’s
side, and sitting down.

     Sitting there quietly, looking into Ryoko’s face, Tenchi thought about
his feelings for Ryoko which had been slowly changing over the past few
weeks. 'It’s so strange. At one time I would have never looked at Ryoko as
anything but a friend. But over the past few weeks I’ve noticed that that’s
begun to change. I feel more drawn to her, each and everyday. And it’s just
with her. I don’t feel the same draw with Ayeka. It’s still just friendship
with her. But with Ryoko…my feelings have been changing. And I don’t think I
mind it. No…I don’t mind it at all.'

     Smiling gently, Tenchi reached out and grasped one of Ryoko’s hands,
not caring if Ayeka saw him or not. He wanted to feel connected to Ryoko.

     “Eureka! I’ve done it. I’ve found a way for us to help Ryoko. But of
course there was never a doubt that I, Washu, The Greatest Scientific Genius
in the Universe, couldn’t do it.” Washu shouted triumphantly, waving a
small, square, translucent, black sheet in the air excitedly.

     Ayeka smiled softly, happy that Washu had found a way to help Ryoko.
She turned her head toward Tenchi, to tell him how happy she was, but when
she looked over at him her words caught in her throat, and the smile on her
face melted away, only to be replaced by a frown.

     'No, no…this can’t be right. What is Lord Tenchi doing? Why is he
holding Ryoko’s hand and looking at her like that? He’s looking at her
almost as if he’s…no…it couldn’t be. He couldn’t possibly have feelings for
her. Lord Tenchi wouldn’t betray the love that I have for him like that.
This must be a mistake. I must be seeing things.'

     “Well you must have been seeing things for a while,” a snide little
voice in the back of Ayeka’s head said. “Because you’ve been seeing that
same look for weeks now. You’ve just chosen to ignore it.” 'That is true. I
have seen him look at Ryoko in this manner before. Almost as if he’s seeing
her for the first time. Like she’s something beautiful and new for him to
admire. I decided to ignore it because I didn’t want to think about what it
could mean. What it would mean for my relationship with Tenchi. I could lose
him.'

     'In fact, I’ve probably already lost him. I…I  should feel
heart-broken. I should feel as if my world is ending. But…and this is
strange…I think I almost feel relieved. But that’s not right. I love Tenchi.
And he’s choosing Ryoko over me. I should feel as if my heart is being torn
out. But…I don’t. What is wrong with me? Was my love for Tenchi not as
strong as I believed it to be? Then why have I fought so long and so hard
against Ryoko to claim him as mine? But could that have been it? Did I want
something that Ryoko wanted, because she had taken so much from me? No! That
is not true. I do love Tenchi. And not just as some prize I can claim from
Ryoko. But now that I think about it. I mean really think about it, I don’t
believe I was ever in love with Tenchi. And maybe…maybe that’s why the
possibility of losing him to Ryoko, doesn’t hurt as bad as I thought it
would. And now that it looks like Tenchi has chosen, I believe that I can
just let that part of my heart go and move on from there. It won’t be easy.
I’ve dedicated an awful lot of my time towards getting Tenchi, and it’s not
going to be easy to just walk away from all that. But…I believe it can be
done. I just have one thing to say about Ryoko though. She better get well
soon, so that my sacrifice is not in vain. I’ll never forgive her if she
doesn’t make it.'

     Ayeka watched as Washu spoke excitedly to Tenchi about what she’d
discovered, but remained where she was by the computers.

     “Okay. Now listen up Tenchi. I believe I’ve discovered what is wrong
with Ryoko.”

     “Really Miss Washu? What is it?

     Washu handed the black, translucent sheet, she’d brought with her to
Tenchi. Turning it upside down, and looking at it from all angles, Tenchi
finally just scratched the back of his head in confusion, and asked,
“Ahh…What is it Miss Washu?”

     “Why…It’s a picture of the inside of Ryoko’s head.” Washu told Tenchi
in surprise, looking at his head for the antennas that were sure to sprout
from it. “Haven’t you ever seen an X-ray before?”

     “Uh…no.”

     “Alrighty then. Okay, just pay attention and I’ll explain everything
for you. It’s all quite simple. When you placed Ryoko on the examining
table, an invisible band wrapped around her head. That band scanned her
brain and then photographed it. That is what we are looking at right now. A
photographic image of the inside of Ryoko’s head. And right here…” Washu
pointed at a small, white spot on the left side of Ryoko’s skull. “That is
what is causing all the trouble.”

     “What is it Miss Washu?”

     “It is a virus.”

     “A VIRUS!” Tenchi exclaimed in shock.

     “A very lethal and well-crafted one I might add. There is only one
other person I know who had assess to the kind of technology it took to
create it. And who could get close enough to Ryoko to implant it.”

     “Kagato…” Tenchi said through clenched teeth.

     “Yes,” Washu confirmed. “It was Kagato. He was the only other person in
the universe that I knew who could create such a deadly virus.”

    “But…but how? I thought that I had killed him,” Tenchi exclaimed, his
dark, brown eyes lighting up with anger. “How did he know how to create it?
How was he able to infect Ryoko with it? And how come we’re only finding out
about it now?”

     In his anger Tenchi jumped up off of the stool and in front of Washu,
his fists clenching in and out.

     “Well to answer the question: How was he able to infect her? The age of
the virus, and the date when Kagato kidnapped Ryoko both coincide with each
other. I am positive that that was when he did it.”

     “To answer your next question: Why are we only finding out about it
now? Try to think of the virus as a bomb set on a timer. It is made to
activate at a certain time. And when that time comes it detonates, causing
major damage, and even total destruction if it’s strong enough. That is what
happened to Ryoko. The virus was set to go off at a certain time. And when
it did it caused major damage, shutting down Ryoko’s system. It nearly
succeeded in killing her. We were lucky to save her this time. The next
time, we might not be so lucky.”

     “And to answer your final question: How did Kagato know how to make
it?” Here Washu looked down, and spoke softy, “I showed him how to do it. I
was the one who taught him how to make it.” Washu closed her eyes in shame.

     “You Miss Washu. But…but why?” Tenchi asked softly.

     “Because Tenchi,” Washu began wearily, lifting her head, and showing
Tenchi just how much this was affecting her. Her shoulders were hunched, and
the bright, proud sparkle that usually lit up her eyes had dulled. “Kagato
was my student. The two of us were the leading scientists of our time. It
was only natural that we team up to expand our knowledge. So we traveled the
universe aboard the Souja, during which time I taught him just about
everything I knew. He showed so much promise. He was well on his way to
becoming a truly brilliant scientist. Then he turned on me. He imprisoned me
in a mound of pure, unbreakable crystal. And that is where I remained until
the day Mihoshi freed me. By then he had caused irreparable damage to my
daughter, the Jurian Empire, and countless others. I allowed him to take and
almost destroy Ryoko once. I won’t allow him to do it again,” Washu
finished, the fire and light coming back to her eyes.

     “You’re right Miss Washu,” Tenchi exclaimed. “We’ll find a way to beat
this thing and bring Ryoko back to us.”

     “Well Tenchi, I’m glad you feel that way,” Washu said, a sly smile on
her face. “Because you my boy, are the one who’s going to do it."

     “Huh?” Tenchi said in surprise. “How am I going to do it?

     “You are the only other person I know, besides Ryo-ohki and myself, who
has had telepathic contact with Ryoko.”

     A small gasp came from the direction of the computers, where Ayeka
stood. 'I guess that the connection between Tenchi and Ryoko went even
deeper than I thought.'

     Tenchi frowned slightly as he looked in her direction. 'I completely
forgot that she was there. Well now she knows. Ryoko and I connected. I’ll
have to deal with this later.'

     Turning back to Washu, Tenchi asked, “So what is it that I have to do?”

     “You have to connect with Ryoko mentally, and help her destroy the
virus. After you do that I’ll bring the both of you out of the link.”

     “Okay whenever you want to begin Miss Washu, I’m ready.”

     “Wait!” Ayeka cried out, walking forward, and coming up alongside
Tenchi. “I want to help too. Please Miss Washu, you have to give me
something to do too. Ryoko is my friend. I want her and Tenchi to…I mean I
want her to get better too.”

     “That’s great Miss Ayeka. You can be my assistant.” Washu snapped her
fingers and a nurse’s coat appeared on Ayeka, complete with clear, white
latex gloves for her hands. A doctor’s lab coat appeared over Washu’s
clothes, her own set of gloves appeared on her hands, and a huge needle
filled with some sort of green fluid, popped into Washu’s right hand.

     Gulping out loud when he saw the needle, Tenchi raised a slightly
shaking hand and asked, “Wha…what are you going to do with that thing Miss
Washu?”

     “Oh…you mean this old thing?” Washu asked waving it gently in the air.
“Well I’m going to inject you with it of course Tenchi.”

     “I was afraid you’d say that,” Tenchi said with a sigh.

     “The liquid in this needle is a special formula I designed that allows
someone assess into another’s thoughts and dreams. It will allow your
consciousness to fly free and connect with Ryoko’s. So are you ready to
begin?”

     “As ready as I’ll ever be.”

     “Okay Tenchi, just stand right where you are and don’t move.

     Washu snapped her fingers again and another examining table, identical
to the one he had put Ryoko on, appeared next to Tenchi.

     “Hop on,” Washu told him, flicking the side of the needle, and
squirting out a little of the green fluid.

     “Okay,” Tenchi said climbing atop the bed.

     “Now lie down,” Washu continued coming up alongside him.

     “Miss Ayeka, you hold down his arm for me, while I insert the needle.”

     “Yes Miss Washu.” Ayeka reached out and took a hold of Tenchi’s arm,
holding it down flat against the table.

     “Now Tenchi,” began Washu. “You’ll probably experience a little
discomfort when I first insert the needle. This however should pass quickly.
After that you’ll probably begin to feel drowsy. You’ll want to close your
eyes and go to sleep. When this happens, don’t fight it. Just go with it.
That is just your conscious mind letting go and seeking out Ryoko’s. When
you connect with her mind, there’ll be a seal that you’ll have to break.
Just dive right in. You’ll understand when you see it. Now just close your
eyes, and relax.”

     Taking a deep breath, and releasing it slowly, Tenchi did as Washu told
him, closing his eyes, and relaxing his body. He felt a quick prick on his
arm, and a small moment of discomfort, but it passed quickly. He could feel
himself growing drowsy, and his eyelids began to droop. His ears felt like
they were full of cotton. He could hear Washu and Ayeka talking about
something, but he could only hear snippets of the conversation.

     “…need…move closer…Ryoko.”

     “…come we have…move Tenchi?

     “…closer they are…easier…transference.”

     “…let’s…it.”

     Suddenly Tenchi felt the table move. Tilting his head to the side,
Tenchi watched as Ryoko’s body came closer to his own. Her face was turned
slightly towards him, and as he watched, little puffs of air from her mouth
stirred the hair that fell over her eyes.

     'She’s so beautiful,' Tenchi thought to himself. Wanting to touch her,
make contact with her, Tenchi reached across the tiny space separating the
two beds and grasped Ryoko’s hand. The silky, smoothness of her touch warmed
him to the core.

     'Her hands are so soft. I could (yawn) hold them forever…' As Tenchi
began to drift off he felt a slight pressure around his fingers, as Ryoko
squeezed them slightly, even in her sleep.

     Tenchi smiled slightly to himself, as he gently returned the squeeze.
'She knows that I’m coming for her. She knows that I’m coming to save her. I
can feel it.'

     As Tenchi relaxed into sleep, and his mind reached out to connect with
Ryoko’s, his final thought was, 'I’m coming Ryoko. I’m coming…'

     To be continued…