	Tenchi limped from room to room, searching for the secret entrance to the 
stone. Washu had said that the middle room, which the stone was held, could only 
be accessed through a hidden opening.
	Tenchi saw another door and opened it. He hobbled onto the marble floor 
and glanced around. There was a bed in one corner of the room and a couple 
chairs scattered about. A crackling fire was going in the fireplace and a 
picture of Kagato was hung over it.
	Tenchi decided to check this room more thoroughly than the others. "This 
just might be Ikaroshi's room. And if it were, it would be the place to look." 
He searched around for the arcane entrance, but found none.
	On his way out, Tenchi spotted what looked to be a piece of thread on the 
marble floor. He reached down and picked it up. After close examination, Tenchi 
knew what it was. It was a strand of hair from Ryoko. "How did this get in here? 
The whole time Ikaroshi was near Earth, Ryoko was in her...her...whatever she 
called it. Ghost form?" Tenchi scratched behind his head. "The name doesn't 
matter. What matters is that Ryoko's hair is in this ship."
	The fire lapped at the bricks as Tenchi thought about the times he had 
spent with Ryoko. Though she was a bit annoying at times, Ryoko was fun and 
playful.
	Tenchi put the strand of hair in his pocket and continued his searching 
for the hidden room.

	Back on the ground....

	Ayeka slowly backed away from Ikaroshi standing in front of her. "No. You 
can't kill Tenchi." She gazed at the Soja, fully aware that Tenchi would be 
killed if she didn't do anything. Ayeka moved her eyes back to Ikaroshi. "I 
won't let you destroy him!" She lunged at Ikaroshi and knocked him to the 
ground. "Azaka! Kamidake!" The guardians were immediately at her side and shot a 
series of blasts at Ikaroshi. The man teleported behind them and made an energy 
ball in his hand. He shot it at the ground where Ayeka was standing, but was not 
quick enough. Azaka and Kamidake flew next to her and put up their shields. 
Kamidake commented on Azaka's quickness. "You reacted just in time Azaka. Thank 
you for warning me."
	"You're welcome Kamidake."
	As Ayeka and her protectors fought Ikaroshi, Ryo-ohki changed into mecha-
cabbit form and Sasami jumped inside. "Come on Ryo-ohki! Let's go help Ayeka!" 
The cabbit meowed in agreement. "MEOW!"
	Washu, Yosho, Mihoshi, and Nobuyuki were also prepared to help. Nobuyuki 
and Yosho were to rendezvous with Tenchi inside the Soja and help look for the 
entrance to the middle room.
	Washu wished them luck and then motioned for Mihoshi to come to her side. 
"Mihoshi, will you please come here for a moment?"
	Mihoshi was intently watching the battle and never took her eyes off of it 
as she moved to Washu's side. "Ikaroshi seems like a really good fighter. Do you 
think we can beat him?"
	"Maybe." Washu responded, and continued typing on her holotop.
	Mihoshi looked panic stricken. "Maybe? You mean we could all...die?"
	Washu was very engrossed in her work. "Yep."
	The Galaxy Police officer's lips started to quiver. "Really?" She said in 
a squeaky voice.
	"Really." Washu stopped typing. "I am going to need your...."
	Mihoshi's sobbing cut off the scientist. Washu tried to get Mihoshi's 
attention, but she failed. Mihoshi was too busy crying about being wiped off the 
face of the Earth. Washu reached over and pulled the Galaxy Police officer's gun 
from her belt. The scientist placed a couple of wires and sensors on the gun and 
began to type again. 
	Meanwhile, Ayeka and her guardians were doing quite well, along with 
Sasami and 
Ryo-ohki. The only problem was, no matter what they threw at Ikaroshi; he always 
blocked it with ease. He showed no signs of even being close to tired. It seemed 
as though the man was just having fun watching the two Juraians and cabbit 
struggle to keep up with his attacks.
	Ikaroshi was using his energy sword at the time and used it very 
skillfully in a style very much like Ryoko's. He slashed at the mecha-cabbit 
while kicking Ayeka back. His sword hit Ryo-ohki on her arm and the mecha-cabbit 
switched back to her cabbit form.
	Ikaroshi frowned. "You are wasting my time Juraians." He picked up Ryo-
ohki by the ears and tossed her aside. Ryo-ohki rolled across the ground and 
finally stopped, face to the dirt.
	The man teleported away from them while Sasami bent over and picked up the 
cabbit.  They knew where Ikaroshi went and had to hurry. Ayeka gathered up 
enough energy to sprint over to Washu. Sasami soon followed, Ryo-ohki in arms.
	Washu pulled the wires and plugs from Mihoshi's gun and made her holotop 
disappear. "Did it." She looked up at Ayeka and Sasami. "Not good?"
	Ayeka shook her head. "Ikaroshi has teleported inside the Soja to kill 
Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka collapsed to the ground after barely managing to tell Washu 
the news. She tried to sit up, but fell back down.
	Washu moved Ayeka to a more comfortable position and did a quick analysis 
of her condition. "Over exhaustion. I figured that would happen." She set 
Mihoshi's weapon on a boulder nearby and turned to the Galaxy Police officer. 
"Do not touch it until I explain to you what I changed."
	Mihoshi was still sniveling and could only nod. The scientist patted 
Sasami's head. "Are we all right?" The little princess smiled. "Just tired. I 
think Ryo-ohki will be ok too." 
	Washu went over to the boulder and picked up the gun. "Let me tell you 
what I've changed. I have added a stronger generator for the laser. You activate 
it by this button. I have also put on a...."

	In the halls of the great ship....

	Tenchi was searching the Soja with both his Dad and Grandfather now. They 
all knew time was running short. Their friends couldn't hold off Ikaroshi 
forever.
	Yosho had torn a sleeve from his clothes and tied it around the gash on 
Tenchi's leg. Now the young boy's leg felt much better and it wasn't bleeding 
anymore.
	Nobuyuki stopped walking and pointed ahead along the hall. "Uh, Tenchi? 
Isn't that the spot we started at?"
	Tenchi saw that it was indeed where he had first climbed into the ship. 
Red fluid was smeared on the floor to prove it. "We missed it!" Tenchi groaned. 
"Now we have to search the entire ship again!"
	Yosho raised an eyebrow. "Maybe Ryoko has found it."
	Tenchi's eyes grew wide. "I forgot about Ryoko. Where is she?" He hoped 
she was safe and away from Ikaroshi. Tenchi called for her a couple of times, 
but got no response. "She might still be on the ground with the others." He 
prayed that she would stay out of the grasps of Kagato's son.
	Yosho opened a door. "Time is a wasting, Tenchi."
	Tenchi sighed. "Right. Let's go."
	Nobuyuki trailed behind the group, dreading to have to search all the 
rooms again. "This really isn't my day."
	Not far behind Tenchi's Dad was Ryoko, clearly upset. She had been 
following Tenchi the entire time and not once was able to communicate with him. 
A nightmare was unfolding before her eyes and she could not do a thing about it. 
Ryoko wiped her tear streaked face and flew next to Tenchi's side. She was 
determined to stay by him, even though she could do nothing to protect him.
	A loud crash was heard behind them and all turned to see what it was. 
Mihoshi nervously smiled and picked up her gun. "Oops! Sorry about that. Did I 
startle you?"
	The group sighed in relief. It wasn't Ikaroshi. Tenchi grinned and walked 
over to Mihoshi "Nah. That's ok Mihoshi. Just be more careful, ok?"
	Mihoshi nodded and them turned towards the corridor behind her. "You guys 
can come out now! It was only Tenchi, Nobuyuki, and Yosho."
	Ayeka peeked around a corner. She saw that Tenchi was watching her and 
immediately stood out in the hall, acting as if she was never hiding in the 
first place. "Come Sasami. There is no need to be afraid."
	Sasami bounded out, Ryo-ohki on her head. "But Ayeka, I wasn't scared. You 
were the one who dragged...."
	Ayeka covered Sasami' mouth. "Never mind Sasami. We must go help Lord 
Tenchi." Ayeka swiftly took Sasami by the hand and led her to Tenchi. "Lord 
Tenchi, are you all right?"
	Tenchi smiled. "Yep." He looked around. "Where is Washu?"
	Ayeka pointed above her head. "Up there."
	Tenchi tilted his head back and found himself staring into a pair of green 
eyes. He was so surprised that he fell backwards.
	Washu giggled and lowered herself to the ground. "You all right? I didn't 
mean to scare you."
	The young man looked embarrassed and got up from the ground, his face red. 
He rubbed behind his head and had an uneasy smile on his face. "I didn't expect 
it, that's all." Tenchi quickly changed the subject. "So, what is the deal with 
Ikaroshi now?"
	The hall grew silent and everyone had a solemn look on their face. Tenchi 
exhaled loudly. "Not good is it?"
	Washu explained all that had happened while he was on the Soja. "I don't 
know why Ikaroshi hasn't shown himself yet. He left us alone on the ground 
almost an hour ago." She waved hand, making her holotop appear. "I see it as 
extra time." A floor plan of the Soja appeared on the screen. "Any of the rooms 
you examined look suspicious?"
	Tenchi shook his head. "No, not really. I did see one room that looked 
like a bedroom, but I didn't find anything there except for this." He pulled the 
single strand of hair from his pocked and showed it to Washu.
	The scientist gasped. "That hair is from Ryoko!" She hesitantly reached 
out her hand and touched the light blue hair. Washu pulled her hand away and 
dropped her gaze. She suddenly lifted her head and acted unconcerned. "We will 
split up into two groups. Tenchi, you lead Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryo-ohki. I will 
lead Yosho, Nobuyuki, and Mihoshi." Washu started walking down the hall, but 
noticed no one was moving. "Well, are you people going to help or not?" Everyone 
started scrambling to their groups and bid the other luck.
	Ryoko was extremely weak and could barely move. She was determined to stay 
with Tenchi and muster up enough energy to follow. Ryoko lifted up in the air 
and flew towards Tenchi. A hand unexpectedly grabbed her arm and whipped her 
around. Ryoko let out a yelp as she was tossed to the ground. She slowly guided 
her eyes up until she saw the person's face. It was Ikaroshi and he did not look 
happy. "You are in my way, little lady." He reached into his pocket and pulled 
out the green stone.
	Ryoko was panic stricken. "No! You can't put me back in that place!" Her 
mind searched for a way to escape, but she could think of nothing.
	Ikaroshi closed his eyes and held the stone with both hands. "Don't worry. 
You will see Tenchi's death."
	Ryoko began to fade away from the ship. She cast her eyes on Tenchi, who 
was barely visible and reached out with her hand.
	Surrounded in the darkness again, Ryoko lost all hope. She knew she 
couldn't leave unless Ikaroshi allowed her. She would have to stay there until 
Ikaroshi let her out to watch the death of her love.
	
	Ikaroshi smiled and teleported to the room which he kept the stone. He 
placed it inside its protected case and sat down in a chair. A clap of his hands 
brought a silver droid to his side. "Sir?"
	Ikaroshi pointed to a monitor. "See those people? Set the security cameras 
to follow them everywhere they go."
	The droid tried its best to bow. "Yes sir. Right away." The droid moved 
out to the room and Ikaroshi relined back in his chair. "This will be all too 
easy." He turned his attention to the screen of the monitor. The screen was 
divided in two. One half showed Tenchi and his group and the other half showed 
Washu's group. Ikaroshi watched them fumble through the ship, trying in vain to 
find the hidden passage to the room.
	
	Nobuyuki stubbed his toe on a table leg. "Ow!" He grabbed his foot and 
started hopping around. "Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!"
	Washu walked by and rolled her eyes. "Idiot." She brought up her computer 
and used it to scan the room. "Nope, nothing here. Let's move on."
	Mihoshi was a bit surprised at how fast the analyses took. "That is all we 
have to do?"
	Washu was already out the door. She peered around the doorway with a smile 
on her face. "Yep. That's it."
	Mihoshi looked amazed. "Wow! If it is going to be that easy, why did you 
make Tenchi and the others search in a different group?"
	Washu looked very serious. "Because he is the one Ikaroshi is looking for. 
Notice I paired him with Ayeka, Ryo-ohki, and Sasami? They all have enough power 
to hold Ikaroshi off until we find the stone." Washu motioned with her hand for 
everyone to follow. "The faster we get this over with, the better."
	Mihoshi nodded her head. "Right."
	
	Ikaroshi focused his attention on Tenchi' group. This was whom he really 
should be watching.

	Ayeka timidly followed behind Tenchi while Sasami bounded along side of 
him. Ryo-ohki was perched atop Sasami's head and seemed to be enjoying the ride.
	Sasami looked up at Tenchi. "So Tenchi, do you think we'll find the room 
this time?"
	Tenchi stopped walking, which caused Ayeka to smack right into him. Ayeka 
immediately backed away from Tenchi and bowed her head. "I am so sorry, Lord 
Tenchi. I was being clumsy."
	Tenchi took Ayeka's hands and looked into her eyes. "Hey now. It was an 
accident right? Cheer up! You didn't hurt me."
	Ayeka pulled back her hands and let them fall to her side. She said 
nothing.
	Tenchi pointed to an open door ahead. "You go check that room and I'll 
check this one. Sasami, you can look in there."

	Ikaroshi chuckled in a deep tone. "So that is how it is, Tenchi." He 
switched off the monitors and stood up from his chair. "I am sorry Tenchi, but I 
must interfere now."
	Ikaroshi vanished form the room and it was silent, except for a faint 
murmuring of voices coming through the walls.
	"Ouch!"
	Washu shook her head. "Again Nobuyuki?"
	Nobuyuki grabbed his foot and started hopping around again. "Owwww!"
	Washu quickly scanned the room and then moved on to the next one. The 
scientist was about to enter another doorway when she spotted Ayeka down the 
corridor. "Ayeka, over here!" She waved her hand and called again.
	Ayeka looked up and saw Washu. The princess called for the rest of her 
group and went over to meet the scientist.
	Washu seemed uneasy. "Ikaroshi still hasn't shown up? This isn't like 
him."
	Tenchi pulled out Tenchi-ken. "I was going to practice using my sword, but 
found that I couldn't get it to work."
	Washu sighed. "Great. Any other problems to add to the list?"
	Ryo-ohki jumped off Sasami's shoulder and began to hiss violently. She 
growled and started pacing back and forth.
	Ikaroshi teleported right in front of Ayeka and she screamed. Ayeka was 
about to grasp onto Tenchi in fear, but was kicked into a room by Ikaroshi. "Bye 
now." He moved his hand down and the door completely disappeared.
	Ayeka flew back towards the fireplace and the force of which she hit it at 
made her black out.
	When the door disappeared, Tenchi knew Ikaroshi was trying to separate 
everyone form him. They body swiftly turned the ring on his finger, engaging his 
battle uniform. He pulled our Tenchi-ken and held it ready. 
	Ikaroshi just sneered. "Tenchi-ken will not work."
	Washu glowered. "What do you mean, it won't work? Tenchi powers it."
	Ikaroshi opened another door and Washu, Sasami and Ryo-ohki started to be 
pulled inside. Washu tried to summon her holotop, but it did not appear. "What 
is going on! Tenchi!"
	Tenchi lunged at Ikaroshi and attempted to ignite Tenchi-ken, but nothing 
happened. He stopped dead in his tracks and started at the sword. "What?!? Why 
now! Come on! Work!"
	Sasami cried out as she was pulled away. "Help me! Someone help me! 
Tsunami, Ayeka, Tenchi! Please!"
	Ryo-ohki, Sasami and Washu were pulled into the quarters and separated by 
a force field. The door shut and vanished like the other one.
	Ikaroshi created a beam sword and held it in front of him. "Ryoko's gems 
have been supplying energy to the Juraian trees here. But since she has been 
confined for over a year, the gems cannot give energy to anything. " He showed 
Tenchi his wrist with the dark blue gem in it. "Now my gem is taking the energy, 
including yours."
	Tenchi stepped back and looked around for his Grandfather and Dad. He was 
just in time to see them sealed off in another chamber. "Oh no."
	Ikaroshi' face was unmoving. "Run." He brought the energy sword above his 
head and brought it down, barely missing Tenchi.
	Tenchi turned around and started running as fast as he could. He was also 
trying to get Tenchi-ken to work, but to no avail. "Ikaroshi was telling the 
truth." He moaned.
	An explosion behind Tenchi blasted him forward, but he quickly recovered 
form it and kept running.
	
	Meanwhile....

	Ayeka awoke and found herself being engulfed by flames. She panicked and 
was about to get up, when she saw that the flames were not harming her. In fact, 
they appeared to be a hologram. She looked to see where she was and saw that she 
was inside a fireplace. A tunnel was behind the fake fires, and she was half way 
in it. "Is this the way to the middle room?"
	Ayeka began crawling down the small corridor and it grew very dark. She 
began to wish she had never came down the tunnel and wanted to turn around. "Oh, 
Tenchi, I'm scared." Ayeka tried to turn around but found that she could not. 
She would have to keep moving until she reached the end.
	The princess crept along in the darkness, wishing the passageway would end 
really soon. Something skittered by Ayeka and she stopped. After she was sure it 
was gone, Ayeka cautiously continued on, only to feel something crawl over her 
hand. A scream was emitted from the princess and she jerked back her hand and 
bumped her head on the ceiling of the tunnel. Ayeka almost fainted away, but did 
not. "I want out! I want out!" She huddled into a ball and was trembling all 
over. "Tenchi...."
	
	At the battle scene....

	Tenchi was still unable to ignite Tenchi-ken and was becoming very tired. 
He couldn't keep running. Ikaroshi wasn't even trying very hard to catch him. He 
was just laughing and watching Tenchi attempt to maneuver around the attacks.
	Ikaroshi teleported right in front of Tenchi and slashed his beam sword. 
Tenchi dodged into a room and hid behind a piece of equipment to try to catch 
his breath. "What am I going to do?" He whispered, still breathing heavily.
	Tenchi peaked around the corner and saw Ikaroshi vanish. "Where did he 
go?"
	Ikaroshi reappeared next to the compartment where he kept the stone. He 
reached inside and channeled his energy into it. Ryoko's astral form was brought 
forth and she opened her eyes. Ikaroshi smiled maliciously. "It is time, Ryoko."
	Ryoko's eyes lost their entire glow and she drooped her head, as she was 
teleported back to where Tenchi was. Ryoko knew that as long as she was in 
astral form, Ikaroshi cold keep her in one spot and she wouldn't be able to 
leave. That is exactly what he did. She was frozen in the air right in front of 
Tenchi.
	Ikaroshi had Tenchi cornered and he held his beam sword in front of him. 
"Though you can not see her, Ryoko is right here, and is going to witness your 
death."
	Tenchi gasped. He stood and held Tenchi-ken in front of him. There was not 
escape now. "I will die with dignity." He knew he couldn't run any long and had 
to accept the fact.
	Ikaroshi sternly spoke. "Soja! Take off immediately. Set course for 
Jurai." The ship rumbled and lifted up into space. The Soja jerked about for a 
few moments, but then steadied its self.
	
	Ayeka was crying for some way out, when she felt the ship jerk about. A 
crack streaked down the tunnel and the spot where she was sitting started to 
crumble away. The princess fell through along with other debris. She landed on a 
chair, which broke her fall.
	Ayeka looked around and was in a daze. She shook her head and tried to 
clear her thoughts. Ayeka saw something glowing from the corner of her eye and 
turned to look at it. "The stone!" She ran to the case and picked up the jewel. 
Ayeka was surprised at the amount of energy coming from it and almost dropped it 
in surprise. As she stared as the stone in her hands, she began to see something 
form somewhere else. She saw Ikaroshi approaching Tenchi, beam sword held ready. 
Ayeka realized she was looking through Ryoko's eyes and that Ikaroshi was about 
to kill the young man. In agony, Ayeka let out a massive amount of bio-energy 
through her hands, which caused the stone in her hand to break in two.

	Ryoko suddenly felt herself being pulled away from the scene before. 
Everything went black for a moment, and when she could see again, Ryoko felt 
cold and damp. "Huh?" Ryoko became aware that she was no longer in astral form, 
but in her own body. She was released!
	Ryoko could not control her anger against Ikaroshi. "Hold it! Lay so much 
as a finger on Tenchi and you'll be blasted into pieces!"
	Ikaroshi froze, sword lifted over his head. It disappeared and his hands 
dropped to his side. He moved to face Ryoko and bowed. "I see you have been 
released, little lady."
	Ryoko pointed to the bemused Tenchi. "I want him." She began making an 
energy ball, using it as a timer.
	Ikaroshi didn't move and just sneered. "You wouldn't blast me for fear of 
hurting Tenchi. I know that."
	Ryoko grit her teeth and retracted her energy ball. "Just move out of the 
way and let him pass."
	Tenchi attempted to leave, but Ikaroshi put his beam sword right in front 
of his face. "Not so fast." Tenchi stopped and backed up to his original spot. 
He took Tenchi-ken in his hand and sighed. A thought hit him. "Wait a minute, 
didn't he say that since Ryoko's gems were not in use, he could override and 
take Juraian energy? Now that they are in use...."
	Ikaroshi was busy speaking with Ryoko when a blue blade was stuck in his 
side and pulled out. He collapsed to the floor, revealing Tenchi behind him.
	Ryoko flew to Tenchi and wrapped her arms around him. "Tenchi! Oh 
Tenchi...Tenchi...." Tears flowed down her face as she buried it into Tenchi's 
chest. Tenchi embraced Ryoko, but then moved away. "It isn't over yet. Ikaroshi 
is still alive. Look for yourself."
	Ikaroshi started to move and then violently coughed as he sat up. He 
gripped the wound on his chest and winced. "You outsmarted me this time, Tenchi. 
Next time, it will be different." He teleported away and immediately everyone 
materialized on the front lawn of the Misaki family house.
	Ryoko teleported all the time and was quite used to being transported to a 
different place in a split second. The others were not, and most just sat on the 
grass with a strange look of confusion and awe. Washu was the first to speak up. 
"Well, what happened?"
	
	A few days later....

	Ryoko was sitting in the same tree she had been before taken captive by 
Ikaroshi. She was enjoying everything and realized how much she had taken for 
granted, like Tenchi. Ryoko was trying her best to give him some breathing room 
once in a while, thought it was very difficult to do so.
	Ayeka marched outside and over to where Ryoko was sitting. "Ryoko!"
	The demoness smiled. Bickering with Ayeka was another thing she had 
missed. Ryoko jumped down to the ground and raised an eyebrow. "What is it?"
	Ayeka was tapping her foot. "I know you are the one who put hot sauce in 
my tea!" She grabbed Ryoko by the collar and shook her. "You did it, didn't 
you!"
	Ryoko was not enjoying being shook about. "Hey! Stop it!" She yanked 
Ayeka's hands from her collar.
	Ayeka pointed a finger at Ryoko. "I knew it was you! Demon!"
	Ryoko roughly pushed Ayeka's hand down. "You didn't even give me a chance 
to say anything!"
	"That is because you wouldn't have!"
	"You don't know that princess!"
	"Oh yes I do!"
	"Old windbag...."
	"What?!?"
	Explosions and clouds of dust came up from the spot the two were fighting.
	Ryoko shot and energy ball, just missing Ayeka. "Take that!"
	Ayeka counter-attacked with a jolt of bio-energy. "Monster!"

	In the kitchen....

	Sasami was fixing supper with a little help from Ryo-ohki, when Tenchi 
walked in. "When's dinner going to be ready, Sasami?"
	Sasami started stirring something in a pot. "Almost ready! Will you please 
call Ayeka and Ryoko in for dinner?"
	Tenchi heard a deafening sound form outside and groaned. "I guess I could 
get them. Hope I can come back in one piece."
	Sasami giggled and lightly pushed Tenchi forward. "Go on. Dinner will get 
cold."
	Tenchi reluctantly went out of the kitchen and opened the front door. 
"Ayeka, Ryoko! Dinner!"
	Both Ryoko and Ayeka stopped fighting and glanced at Tenchi. Ryoko was 
pulling Ayeka's hair and Ayeka had a hold on Ryoko's ear. "Tenchi!" They said in 
unison.
	Ryoko and Ayeka galloped over to Tenchi and hugged him. The force of them 
slamming into Tenchi made him fall to the ground, taking the two women with him.
	Nobuyuki walked by and saw Tenchi on the floor with Ayeka and Ryoko. He 
gave Tenchi a thumbs up. "Good job, Tenchi!"
	Tenchi moaned. "Get off of me please...."
	Ayeka instantly jumped off of Tenchi and was very embarrassed. "I am so 
sorry I did not get up sooner, Lord Tenchi."
	Ryoko was still clinging onto Tenchi and wouldn't let him get up. "Mmmm... 
Tenchi...."
	Tenchi franticly scuffled backwards, trying to release Ryoko's grip. 
"Ryoko! Please!"
	The demoness looked up at him and her eyes glistened. She let him go and 
stood, still looking at him.
	The young man got up and was going to scold Ryoko, but couldn't do it. Her 
eyes had so much energy and joy in them.
	Ayeka slapped Ryoko, which broke the gaze. "How dare you not do what 
Tenchi asked!" She spit the words out like fire.
	Ryoko growled and slapped Ayeka back. The princess turned red. "I hate 
you, Ryoko!"
	"Yeah? Well I hate you more!"
	They both charged at each other and started rolling around, punching 
kicking, and yelling.
	Tenchi sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. "I'm going to eat now...."
	Tenchi walked to the table and sat down. "Sasami, could you please pass me 
some miso soup?"
	"Sure Tenchi." She ladled some miso soup and set it down in front of him. 
He took a spoonful and blew on it. Before he could stick it in his mouth, 
Ryoko's stopped his hand. "Hey now. Why don't you let me feed you, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi was surprised that Ryoko was there. "Where did you come from?"
	"From hell!" Ayeka spat.
	Ryoko frowned. "Oh, you are still ranting and raving, Ayeka?"
	Tenchi slumped his shoulders. "Why can't I just have a simple, peaceful, 
normal life?" He got up from the table and everyone stopped what they were 
doing. Tenchi slowly went to his bedroom and shut the door behind him.
	Ryoko bit her lip and teleported to the rooftop. She had tried her best to 
give Tenchi some breathing room, but had failed once again by bickering with 
Ayeka. "I shouldn't have been so selfish...."
	It was so hard for Ryoko to control her feeling towards Tenchi. Especially 
when Ayeka was around. They both were competing for Tenchi and didn't want the 
other to get more of a lift than she.
	Ryoko started tapping her finger on the roof. She was very irritated with 
herself and wasn't sure what to do.
	"Ryoko? Where are you?"
	Ryoko recognized the voice to be Ayeka's and it sounded hurt. The demoness 
flew over to the princess and waited for her to say something.
	Ayeka had her head down and as upset at her actions just like Ryoko was. 
"Ryoko, I'd like to speak with you over by the lake."
	Ryoko held out her hand. "You want to go the quick way?"
	Ayeka hesitated. Was this a trick? She looked into Ryoko's eyes, which 
always seemed to express her mood. Ayeka then knew it wasn't a trick. "All 
right, the quick way."
	Ryoko took Ayeka's hand and moved her over and then took a firm hold on 
the princess. "Which do you prefer, flying or teleportation?"
	Ayeka was still a little nervous about trusting Ryoko. "Teleportation." As 
soon as the words left her mouth, she found herself at the lake. "That 
was...fast."
	Ryoko smiled and flew up to a branch in a tree. "So, what is it that you 
wanted to talk about?"
	Ayeka sat down in the grass and sighed. "We need to give Tenchi a break. I 
do not think he enjoys it when we fight over him."
	"Even though it's out of love." Ryoko finished.
	Ayeka was about to snap at Ryoko, but held her tongue. That was exactly 
what she didn't want to do. Ayeka stood up form the ground. "Tomorrow, let's let 
Tenchi have the whole house to himself. We could all have something to do away 
from the house."
	Ryoko began swinging her legs. "Do you think it will work? I mean, won't 
someone not have anything to do? Like Yosho or Washu?"
	"We'll tell them what we are planning to do. I don't think anyone will 
have a problem with it."
	Ryoko raised an eyebrow. "Don't be so sure about Washu. She'll find some 
way to check up on Tenchi without anyone knowing."
	Ayeka walked to the edge of the lake and started swirling her finger 
around in it. "We'll just have to ell her the importance of the whole thing." 
She looked at her reflection in the water and began to think of the advantage 
Ryoko had with youngness. As she gazed at the reflection, a small rock flew in 
the water, ruining her reflection and getting her wet.
	Before Ayeka could complain, Ryoko grabbed her and teleported them back to 
the Masaki house. The princess's eyes were huge and she plopped to the ground. 
That was a bit too much and to fast for her liking.
	Ryoko laughed at Ayeka's face. "Not used to it, are you?"
	Ayeka took a big breath and then let it all out. "No, I'm not, and I'd 
appreciate it if you'd at least warn me before I instantly appear somewhere 
else."
	Ryoko hovered a few feet form the ground. "I'll go tell the others our 
plans."
	The demoness disappeared before Ayeka could say one word. "Oooooh! That 
demon!"

	The next morning, Tenchi came down the stairs, expecting to be greeted by 
Ayeka and Ryoko. Instead, he found a note on the table. "What is this?" He 
picked it up and read it. 
	
It said:

	Tenchi,
	We all have a very busy day today, so you will have the entire house to 
yourself. Will be back for dinner.

	Love,
Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi, Nobuyuki, Yosho

	Tenchi saw that Ryo-ohki had signed the note with a paw print and that 
Ryoko and Ayeka had scratched out each other's names, trying to be first. He 
noticed that Ryoko got hers up first, but not without conflict. Ayeka's name was 
the neatest and most beautiful looking of them all.
	Tenchi grinned. "So, I get the entire house to myself for a day. This will 
be interesting."
He walked to the refrigerator and saw that Sasami had made him breakfast ahead 
of time and set it on the counter. "I get a warm breakfast and the house to 
myself." He unwrapped the food and dished his plate.
	After breakfast, Tenchi decided to take a walk. He couldn't remember the 
last time he had done so without someone with him. He stepped outside and could 
feel the warmth of the sun on him. Tenchi went over to the forests behind the 
house and set off into them. A crude path went through the vegetation and Tenchi 
followed it. He knew exactly where he was going because he was the one who made 
the path. When Tenchi was a little boy, he often went exploring and found many 
things. The path led to his 'Secret Cave'. The only other person who knew about 
it was his mother, Achika. He had shown her a week before her death. Since then, 
then, Tenchi had never visited it. "I wonder what it looks like now."

	In the city....

	"Where are we going next, Ayeka?" Sasami asked.
	The whole gang, minus Tenchi, decided to spend the day in the city. So 
far, they had visited a few street shops and stopped by a small coffee place. 
Ayeka took a sip of her green tea she had ordered. "Well, I think there is a 
park nearby. You and Ryo-ohki could play there while the rest of us sit down and 
finish what we got to eat and drink."
	Sasami's eyes lit up. "That sounds like fun! What do you think Ryo-ohki?"
	The cabbit meowed in agreement. "MEOW!"
	Ayeka nodded her head. "Well then, that is what we shall do."
	Washu pointed a couple blocks down. "According to my calculations, the 
park should be just a few more blocks down."
	Yosho smiled. "I haven't been in the city for such a long time. It feels 
good to be back."
	Nobuyuki nodded. "And I haven't visited that park in years. I took Tenchi 
down there a couple of times when he was little, but that was such a long time 
ago."
	Ryoko looked a bit irritated by the fact that they had completely stopped 
moving for a dumb reason. She didn't want to listen to them 'reminiscing' of old 
times. "Can we keep moving, please?"
	Yosho faced Ryoko. "I know your past is a hard subject for you to talk 
about, but that shouldn't be enough to keep you from listening to others speak 
of theirs."
	The whole group began moving again and Ryoko kept silent. She began to 
think of so little they knew of her real past. "They don't understand how much 
it hurts. I even feel depressed when Tenchi speaks of his childhood." Being 
entrapped in the cave for a year made this subject even harder for Ryoko to deal 
with.
	Washu sensed Ryoko's agony and tried to link with her. "Ryoko, tell me 
what is wrong."
	Ryoko wanted to block Washu out, but needed someone to talk to. "I'll tell 
you at the park."
	Ryo-ohki also sensed Ryoko's depressiveness and jumped off Sasami's 
shoulder. She hopped up on Ryoko's shoulder and meowed.
	Ryoko patted the cabbit's head. "I'm ok, Ryo-ohki."
	Ryo-ohki had a confused look on her face. "No you're not. Don't you think 
I'd know when you are feeling down or not?"
	Ryoko whispered into the cabbit's ear. "Everyone has a happy past, except 
me."
	Ryo-ohki rubbed against the demoness's cheek and began to purr. Ryoko 
picked up the little creature and put her on the ground. "Go on, we are at the 
park now. Sasami is waiting for you."
	Ryo-ohki bounded to Sasami's side and changed into humanoid form. Sasami 
took Ryo-ohki's hand and led her to a large grass area.
	Ryoko smiled and teleported to a bench that was away from all the people. 
She put her head on her hand and waited for Washu to show up. "I am going to 
regret talking with her. I just know it."
	Washu soon came walking over and sat down next to her daughter. "What's 
the problem?"
	Ryoko sighed and gazed into the sky. "Everyone has a happy childhood and 
past, but mine is horrible and I can't even remember it all. I have no real 
mother or father and I have no siblings. Not one creature is like me in any way. 
I am one and alone."
	Washu touched Ryoko's hand. "But I am more like a mother than a creator, 
since I used my own ova."
	"You just proved my point." Ryoko said with an annoyed look. "You said, 
'more of a mother than a creator'. You might kind of be a mother, but you really 
aren't."
	Washu felt those words stab her heart. She loved Ryoko just as much as she 
had her son. Ryoko was her daughter and no one would tell her otherwise. "Ryoko, 
please don't be this way. It hurts me when you talk like that."
	Ryoko got up from the bench and walked off, leaving the scientist alone. 
Washu brought up her holotop and began to type. Working on projects seemed to 
calm her most of the time. But of course, the way this day was going, it didn't 
help at all. With a motion of her hand, the computer disappeared from sight. The 
scientist got up and strolled over to where the rest of her friends were. "Did I 
miss anything?"
	Mihoshi stuffed another doughnut in her face. "Weff jrff lrfflmmee abomf 
kunfee."
	Ayeka shook her head. "You know, Mihoshi, no one can understand what you 
are saying."
	Mihoshi took a big gulp of her coffee to wash down the food. "Ah!" She 
wiped her mouth with a napkin. "I said, we were just talking about Tenchi."
	Washu sat down on the grass. "What about Tenchi?"
	Mihoshi finished her doughnut and drank the rest of her coffee. "About 
when he battled Ikaroshi. None of us saw it except him and Ryoko. We were 
guessing what exactly happened."
	"I didn't see it."
	Ryoko walked up in front of Mihoshi. "I was in the cave, remember? I only 
saw when Tenchi slew Ikaroshi."
	Ayeka blinked a couple of times. "But Tenchi said you saw it."
	"I only saw the end of it. Tenchi doesn't know the exact time I showed up 
because he couldn't see me."
	Ayeka thought a minute and then shifted her position on the bench she was 
sitting on. "Well, I think I ask him what happened when we get back tonight."
	Sasami ran over, Ryo-ohki at her side. "Ayeka, Ryo-ohki and me want to go 
in one of the department stores to look at the dresses. Can we please go?"
	Ayeka smiled. "Sure, Sasami. I'll take you. Anyone else coming?"
	Nobuyuki stood up and stretched. "We might as well all go. Why break up 
our group?"
	Sasami took her big sister's hand. "Come on Ayeka! Ryo-ohki and me want to 
try on some dresses before lunch."

	In the forest....

	Tenchi pulled a bag of trail mix from his front pocket. He took a handful 
and popped it in his mouth. "I should be nearing the cave now." Tenchi looked up 
ahead and saw the cave. It had moss covering it on every side and some type of 
vine hanging over the entrance. Tenchi saw that some of the vegetation had been 
scorched. "Hmmmm... I wonder how that happened?' He peered into the mouth of the 
cave and saw his small pile of belongings that he had left years ago. Tenchi 
crawled in the cave and dug through the pile. Trinkets, toys and a few bug 
specimens were in the pile as well as a picture of his mother. He picked the 
picture up very carefully and wiped the dust from it. His mother was very young 
in the picture, maybe only 14 years of age.
	Tenchi placed the photo back on the ground and spotted something shiny in 
the dirt. He picked it up and saw that it was a scale form some sort of animal. 
The scale was a shiny, forest green color and was a little bigger than a 
thumbnail. "Wow! Look at how big it is!" Tenchi exclaimed while fingering it in 
his hand. "I wonder what it came off of?" He studied it a while longer before 
sticking it in his pocket. "Maybe Grandpa or Washu will know. I'll show one of 
them after dinner."
	Tenchi crawled back out of the cave and sat on a nearby bolder. He snacked 
on the trail mix while enjoying the beauty of the forest. Tenchi couldn't help 
but think about his friends and wondering where they where they were at the 
moment. It was strange not having them around. "I wonder what they are doing 
right now?"
	Tenchi crumpled up the empty bag that his snack used to be in a put it in 
his pocket. He looked at his watch and decided he should probably head back to 
the house just in case his family and friends came back early.
	He started down the path and continued thinking about his family and 
friends. "I am really surprised at how much I actually miss everyone. It has 
only been about half a day!"
	
	Ayeka and Ryoko both sighed. "I can't believe how much I miss Tenchi." 
They said in unison. Ayeka looked at Ryoko. "Do you think Tenchi is enjoying 
himself...a lot?"
	Ryoko glanced over her shoulder and saw Ryo-ohki run by, carrying a dress 
to try on. Ryoko brought her attention back to the question. "Yeah, I really do 
think Tenchi is enjoying the break from all of us."
	Washu came up to the two women and placed a hand on them. "I'd like to 
show you something." She sat down on one of the chairs by the dressing room and 
brought up her holotop. Ryoko and Ayeka were soon looking over her should and at 
the screen.
	Washu brought up images from around the house up on her computer screen. 
Tenchi showed up on a couple of them. Ryoko rolled her eyes, and leaned closer 
to Ayeka. "I told you she would find a way to watch Tenchi."
	The scientist held up her hand. "Now wait a minute, it isn't what you 
think. I equipped the house with security cameras when I first moved in. I just 
searched through the database and found takes of what Tenchi was doing around 
the house, I thought you might want to see his reaction to the short note we 
composed."
	Ayeka's eyes lit up. "Well, I wouldn't mind. What about you, Ryoko?"
	Washu typed in a few commands and Tenchi appeared on the screen. A small 
crab crawled back and forth on the screen to notify that it was playing the tape 
from the security camera. The three watched with interest as they saw Tenchi 
spot the note and read it. His reaction to it was just what they needed to see. 
Tenchi had acted happy and relaxed about the whole thing. He even laughed when 
he saw that Ryoko and Ayeka had scratched out each other's names numerous times 
trying to be first.
	Ryoko smiled, but her facial expression suddenly changed. "It's not going 
to work, Washu." She pressed a key on the keyboard, which made the whole thing 
shut down, and disappeared.
	Ayeka watched as Washu tried to get her holotop to work. The scientist 
cursed and tried a couple more things. "Ryoko disabled my entire database by 
pressing just one key! She must have channeled energy through that touch."
	Ayeka wasn't exactly sure why Ryoko had suddenly left. The princess 
decided that the best thing to do at the moment was to leave Washu alone. Ayeka 
heard Sasami and Ryo-ohki giggling somewhere nearby, so she headed towards the 
noise.
	Sasami and Ryo-ohki were laughing at the site of each other. They had 
grabbed many articles of clothing that didn't match and put them all on. Ayeka 
giggled at the sight of them. "Sasami, Ryo-ohki, what on earth?"
	The two girls looked stopped laughing for a moment, but then started up 
again.
	Ayeka smiled and shook her head. "You better put your regular clothes back 
on because we are going to eat a lunch soon."
	Sasami smiled and nodded her head. "Ok Ayeka. I'm getting hungry."
	After Sasami and Ryo-ohki had put their regular clothes on, they walked 
outside the store to where the others were. Ryo-ohki changed back into cabbit 
form and scanned around the building. "Meow?"
	Sasami picked up the cabbit and place it on her head. "Does anyone know 
where Ryoko is?"
	Yosho pet Ryo-ohki on the head. "No, I haven't seen her."
	"We can't just leave without her."
	"We should giver her a few more minutes to show up."
	Washu was still trying to get her computer to work. "Ryoko knows where we 
are; she just doesn't want to show herself. I say we just go find a place to 
eat. My daughter will show up eventually, weather here or at home."
	Sasami was reluctant to leave, but knew she couldn't stay and wait for 
Ryoko to show.
	The group walked off and set out to find a cafe to eat a lunch at. It was 
getting late and everyone was really hungry. Nobuyuki's stomach growled. "Oh, I 
wish we could find someplace to eat soon."
	Mihoshi held her stomach and moaned. "I'm really hungry."
	Ayeka covered Mihoshi's mouth. "Complaining about it will get you no 
where. You'll just end up hungrier."
	Mihoshi tried to say sorry but Ayeka' hand was still over her mouth and 
all that came out was a muffled noise. When Ayeka thought Mihoshi was going to 
be silent, she removed her hand and increased her pace.
	About 15 minutes later, they were all sitting down at a cafe eating their 
sandwiches. As always, Sasami and Ayeka finished last. It was around 3 o'clock 
and they all thought that it was probably time to head home.
	As they started back to the Masaki house, Sasami scanned the sky for 
Ryoko, but did not see her. "Ryoko, where are you?"
	Ayeka put her hand on her little sister's back. "Don't worry about her. 
She'll be fine."
	Sasami meekly smiled. "Ok, Ayeka."

	Ryoko sat on the roof of the Masaki home. She came back, but planned to 
keep it a secret. She didn't want anyone to know, including Tenchi. After all, 
the others kept their promise of giving Tenchi a break.
	Ryoko laid back and looked towards the forest. She could hear Tenchi 
coming back from his walk. "I wonder if he had a good time?" Ryoko grinned and 
smacked her forehead. "Of course he did! What am I thinking?"
	Ryoko peered over the side of the roof and watched Tenchi go into the 
house. She wanted to follow, but restrained herself. She had to keep her side of 
the deal. "Maybe I should've stayed with the group. This is becoming 
increasingly difficult."
	The demoness lied down on her stomach and flicked a couple of pebbles off 
the roof. She aimed for a rock on the ground and hit it without even trying.
	Ryoko rolled over on her back and stared at the sky. The sun was beginning 
to set and the sky was a lovely orange color. "Bored, bored, bored...." Ryoko 
held her hands up in the air and gazed between her fingers.
	Ryoko awoke with a start. "How long have I been asleep up on the roof?" 
She phased through the roof and into the living room. Everybody was sitting on 
the couch and talking about their day.
	Ryoko teleported behind Tenchi and wrapped her arms around him. "Did you 
miss me?"
	Tenchi jumped when he felt something touch him, but then heard the all too 
familiar voice. "Ryoko! Where have you been? We've been worried about you."
	Ryoko flew over the couch and sat next to Tenchi. "I came back early and 
lied on the roof for a while."
	Everyone was relieved that Ryoko was back. Sasami waved to her and smiled. 
"I really missed you Ryoko. So did Ryo-ohki."
	Ryoko was satisfied that she was missed and moved closed to Tenchi. 
Something shiny caught her eye. She saw that Tenchi was holding an item in his 
hand, but couldn't quite make out what it was. Ryoko touched Tenchi's hand. 
"What is that?"
	Tenchi held the item up "Oh, this? I found it during my walk. I think it 
is a scale." Washu quickly grabbed it from Tenchi's hand. "It's very big for a 
scale." Her holotop materialized and her fingers flew across the keys. "It came 
from a reptile, but what kind, I am not sure." Washu continued to study it, 
occasionally stopping to flex her fingers and stretch.
	Yosho peered over Washu's shoulder. "May I see this scale?"
	Washu turned to him and had her cute look on. "No way! I haven't had this 
much fun in years. You may see it after I'm done."
	Yosho smiled. "All right then. I will look at it when you are finished 
with your examination."
	Washu nodded her head. "Thank you kind sir." She had fun acting like a 
child, but she had other reasons for being this way.

	In the morning....

	Washu came out of her lab and headed to the kitchen table. Sasami had just 
came in and announced that breakfast was ready.
	The scientist sat down and noticed that Tenchi wasn't there. She looked at 
Ryoko and Ayeka. "Where is Tenchi this morning?"
	Ryoko sighed and pointed towards the outside. "He went for a walk."
	Washu raised an eyebrow. "This early?"
	Ayeka nodded her head. "Yes, Tenchi got up extra early this morning to go 
for a stroll by himself."
	Washu shrugged. "Ok then. Doesn't seem quite like him, but oh well. Tenchi 
will be back."
	
Tenchi as almost to his 'secret cave'. He decided that he wanted to take the 
picture of his mother and put it in safe place. It was very special and was on 
of a kind. Tenchi thought his dad had the same photo, but found that he did not. 
"Maybe Washu will be able to restore it for me."
	The cave was just ahead and he hurried his pace. Upon reaching the cave, 
Tenchi crawled inside and found the old photo. He picked it up and gazed at it. 
A smile came across his face once more. Tenchi was about to exit the cave, but 
saw that something was in front of the mouth. It appeared to have scales of a 
forest green color and was large in stature. Tenchi froze as his mind searched 
for some explanation, He knew what it was, but couldn't believe it. The creature 
bellowed, flapped its wings, and took off into the air.
	Tenchi immediately darted out of the cave and began running away from the 
place, the photo of his mother in hand. His heart was eating wildly as he ran 
towards home. "I...I don't believe it! I thought it was only a legend."
	When he thought he was far enough away, Tenchi sat down on a boulder to 
catch his breath. "Dragons are not supposed to exist here."
	The dragon bellowed again, and it sounded as if it were getting closer. 
Tenchi quickly started to his house. "I hope it doesn't like people."
	A roar form above Tenchi made him duck behind a bush. He watched as the 
dragon landed only a few feet away. It sniffed the air a bit and then turned its 
head towards the bush Tenchi was hiding behind. The creature flicked its tongue 
and shuffled closer to the shrub. Tenchi saw that the dragon was a food 4 feet 
tall on all fours, and with it's tail, it was over 8 feet long.
	The dragon stood on its hind legs and could easily see over the bush. 
Tenchi cowered back; hoping the monster wouldn't harm him. "You don't like 
people, do you?" He weakly asked.
	The dragon stared at him, not moving a muscle. It then moved its wings a 
little bit so as to scratch its back. The dragon went back on all fours and 
slowly went around the plant, towards Tenchi. The young man stood up, which 
startled the dragon. It reared up and fire was shot up into the air from its 
mouth.
	Tenchi yelped and dashed off. The creature stomped it's feet on the ground 
and bellowed. It took off in the air and headed back towards the cave.
	Tenchi finally made it back home and was exhausted. He collapsed on the 
couch once he was inside. Ryoko and Ayeka were at his side in a heartbeat. 
"Tenchi! Are you all right?" He tried to talk, but was breathing to hard.
	Nobuyuki, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, Washu, and Yosho entered the room. Washu 
looked concerned. "You went out in the forest, didn't you? Yosho and I both 
looked at the scale and we know what it domes off of."
	Tenchi nodded his head and sat up. "Dragon." He managed.
	Washu shook her head. "No, not a dragon, silly. Those don't exist. There 
is a rare species of lizard out here and it loves flesh. It is 1 foot at the 
shoulders and 5 feet long."
	Tenchi had his breath back and could finally talk. "No, I didn't see a 
lizard. It was a dragon. It was over 4 feet at the shoulders and nearly 6 when 
it stood on its hind legs! I was out taking a walk when I saw it fly over me. I 
hid behind a bush, but it knew I was there. The creature came over to me, but 
when I stood up in fear, it became scared and shot fire from its mouth." Tenchi 
was shaking all over with fear. He didn't want repeat of the occurrence.
	Washu was still unsure. "Dragons don't even live in this universe, you 
know. At least not anymore. Can you describe the other features for me?"
	Tenchi furrowed his brow. "It had two wings on its back and it could fly 
very well. Its front legs could be used to walk, or as hands. It could breathe 
fire and smoke and it had big, sharp teeth. The dragon had big claws too. Big."
	A smirk came across Ryoko's face. Tenchi really was frightened. "It didn't 
hurt you, did it, my Tenchi?" She caressed his face, but Ayeka grabbed her hand 
and threw it back to Ryoko's side.
	Tenchi sighed. "No. It seemed docile enough, until I moved."
	Ryoko pulled her sleeve back and flexed her muscles. "Why don't you let me 
get rid of the little dragon?"
	Washu put her hand on Ryoko's shoulder. "No, better not. You'll have to 
face Ikaroshi if you do."
	Ryoko's jaw dropped. "WHAT?!?"
	Washu took the scale form a pocket on her shirt. "I was wondering why I 
found a small amount of DNA from Ikaroshi on the scale. Now I know." She turned 
to Tenchi. "You did see a dragon. It is a symbol from Ikaroshi. Kagato was 
sometimes referred to as a dragon or demon and so was his ship. I don't know 
where he got the creature, but it is roaming the forest as a sign, Ikaroshi 
isn't finished with us just yet."
