	I do not claim to own any of the characters below. They are property of 
AIC, Pioneer and a bunch of other people.
	This story is chapter one of a series titled 'Memories'. There will be 3 
or 4 chapters after this one. Tell me if you want something to be changed in my 
story, such as more of or less of something. Comments are very welcome. E-mail 
me at:  fuzzycreatures@juno.com 
	Exspect the next chapter sometime in December.


Memories - Chapter 1- Forevermore


	The early morning sunlight beamed down into Tenchi's room, lighting it up 
with an orange glow. 
	Tenchi opened his eyes only to shut them tightly.
	"Hello Tenchi. Glad to see you are finally awake." Ryoko cooed, floating 
over his bed.
	Tenchi hated it when he woke up and found himself looking into a pair of 
golden eyes. It was rather disturbing. "Ryoko, do you always have to watch me 
sleep?"
	"I don't have to, but I want to. Don't you like the company?"
	Tenchi sat up on his bed. "Uh, not exactly."
	Ryoko winked at him, making Tenchi feel uncomfortable. "I'm going to watch 
you sleep anyway."
	Tenchi made his bed, feeling Ryoko observe his every movement. "I need to 
get dressed...get ready now. You need to leave."
	"Sure, just don't take to long." The demoness said, fading away.
	Tenchi grabbed some clothes from his drawers and hastily put them on, 
knowing Ryoko had a short patience.
	He barely had enough time to put on everything.
	"Finished Tenchi?" Ryoko asked, appearing before him.
	Tenchi groaned. "Ryoko, you don't give me much time and you are going to 
end up coming in here when I am not done."
	Ryoko gave him her all to familiar evil smile. "I know."
	Before Tenchi could move, Ryoko snatched his arm and pulled him closer to 
her.
	"Let's go out, you and I. We could go see a movie and then eat out at a 
restaurant."
	Ryoko began running her finger over Tenchi chest. "How about it, Tenchi?"


	Ayeka came out of her room and was about to walk down the stairs, when she 
heard Tenchi's voice.
	She went to his door and knocked. "Lord Tenchi? Are you in there?"
	Ryoko knew Ayeka was about to come in, so she decided to have a bit of 
fun.
	The demoness covered Tenchi's mouth so he couldn't utter a word and spoil 
her game. She quickly dragged him on the bed and pulled the covers over them.
	Ayeka opened the door and saw something in the bed.
	This was Ryoko's cue. She came over the struggling Tenchi and started 
whispering words of love just loud enough for Ayeka to recognize the voice.
	The princess's eyes grew wide and were instantly filled with fury and 
rage.
	She rushed to the bed and yanked off the covers. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING!" 
Ayeka screamed, glaring at both Ryoko and Tenchi.
	The demoness uncovered Tenchi's mouth and shifted her position. Tenchi had 
no time to speak, for Ryoko spoke just as he was going to. "Tenchi and I were 
having an intimate moment together." She said, wearing a look on her face that 
told of amusement. "Isn't that right, Tenchi my love?"
	Tenchi pushed at Ryoko, trying to make her move. "Get your body off of 
me!"
	Ryoko lifted up into the air, taking great pleasure in watching Tenchi and 
seeing Ayeka fume.
	Ayeka was extremely cross; noticing Ryoko had been atop Tenchi. "Lord 
Tenchi, what were you doing with that demon!"
	Tenchi looked at Ryoko before facing Ayeka. "Nothing! Honest Ayeka!"
	Ayeka had a scowl on her face. "That better be the case!" She said, 
hauling Tenchi off the bed. "You are coming with me, Lord Tenchi. I do not want 
Ryoko bothering you again."
	Ryoko stuck her tongue out at Ayeka and flew over them. She then headed 
downstairs.
	Tenchi sighed as he was dragged behind Ayeka. How long he could put up 
with the women, he did not know. He did know that both Ayeka and Ryoko drove him 
crazy at times, though he hardly ever lashed out at them.


	After breakfast, Tenchi went outside for some fresh air. It was a warm 
summer day and it felt wonderful under the shade of the cherry tree.
	He leaned against the tree's trunk and looked up into the branches. A pair 
of legs hanging down from a large branch caught his attention.
	The golden-eyed woman looked down at Tenchi and smiled. "What are you 
doing out here, Tenchi?"
	"Enjoying the weather."
	His answer was rather bland because he still couldn't trust Ryoko. This 
morning was not something he wanted a repeat of. Poor Ayeka. She really did get 
the blunt of all Ryoko's tricks, remarks, and attacks.
	Ryo-ohki, who was also resting on the limb, hopped downward until she 
reached Tenchi. She rubbed all over him, making Tenchi smile. "Meow."
	Tenchi stroked the cabbit's soft brown fur. Everyone loved Ryo-ohki; she 
was so cute and loveable!
	For no apparent reason, Tenchi's heart dropped feeling weighted and heavy.
	The explanation came soon after.
	Ryoko slipped from her branch and fell to the ground, grasping her head.
	The young man ran over to Ryoko's side, scared to death. "Ryoko, what 
happened?!? Are you all right? Say something to me! Please!"
	Ryoko only whimpered, which was strange. Her gems powered her body, giving 
abilities such as: the capability of healing (to a point), gathering energy and 
using it as a weapon, doppelganger, flying, strength (which she had anyway) and 
many other things.
	Ayeka had seen Ryoko fall and told the Masaki family and friends to come 
outside quickly.
	Tenchi had tears in his eyes as he watched Ryoko lay in pain. He could not 
do anything about it and knew this. All Tenchi could do was try to comfort her. 
He stroked her face, striving to give Ryoko some sort of relief.
	Washu burst through what she called a crowd. "Move aside! Give Ryoko some 
air!"
	She crouched down beside Ryoko and glanced at her body, checking for 
injuries. "Tenchi, help me carry Ryoko back to my lab. I don't want to risk 
teleporting her."
	Tenchi was about to pick her up, but Ryoko opened her eyes. Perhaps this 
was a good sign. He changed his mind when he saw the color of her eyes. The 
familiar glow was completely gone and was replaced by a dull honey color. Her 
eyes were filled with fear and they burned into Tenchi's.
	He decided he was going to carry Ryoko himself, no matter what Washu said.
	Tenchi picked up Ryoko and she gripped his shoulders hard. She then let 
out the most terrifying, blood curdling scream anyone had ever heard. With that, 
she disappeared from sight, out of Tenchi's arms, and into an unknown place.
	The Tenchi gang stood there, not definite if what they saw and heard 
really did happen.
	Tenchi was standing in the same spot and position, gawking at his empty 
arms. He franticly turned to Washu. "What happened to Ryoko!"
	Washu was in a frenzy, typing in something on her holotop.
	Ayeka also looked shocked. "Washu-sama, where did Ryoko go?"
	The scientist was still typing madly on her computer. For once, Washu did 
not look as confident as she always did. She tried to look as thought everything 
was under control, but could not convince anyone. "I am only sure of one thing: 
Ryoko did not teleport herself. Where she went, I don't know. I don't even know 
if she still exists."
	Ryo-ohki jumped up on Sasami's shoulder and meowed in agony. Sasami picked 
up the cabbit and hugged her tightly. "Please don't cry Ryo-ohki. We'll find 
Ryoko. I just know it!"
	But Sasami really didn't know. Though she could foretell some events, this 
one was unclear and scary.
	Mihoshi was sitting on the ground, wailing loudly, and had her arms around 
her legs. She watched as Ayeka walked over to Tenchi and placed her head on his 
shoulder. She spoke softly and gracefully, making her words flow out like water. 
"Please look inside yourself, Lord Tenchi. You haven't lost Ryoko completely; 
she lives in your soul and your memories. I'm here with you and so is Ryoko."
	The princess started back to the house. Upon reaching the door, she spoke 
again. "Tenchi I...I...I hope you will find what I was telling you about."
	This was not what Ayeka wanted to say. She could never seem to spit out 
the words 'I love you' to Tenchi. Whenever she tried, her mouth would not move 
and her mind would freeze up. "There is always tomorrow." She thought.
	Tenchi fell to his knees, a vacant look on his face. He ran his hand 
through the dirt that the woman had lain on. He then walked blindly to the house 
up to the attic, hearing or seeing no one.
	In the demoness's dresser, Tenchi found a jewelry box with nothing in it, 
extra blankets, a shawl, and a pillow.
	Ryoko did not have a wardrobe because she generated the clothes on her 
body. Tenchi was aware of this when he came up to search for some belonging of 
hers. To his dismay, what he suspected was true. There was nothing in the 
dresser.
	When Tenchi shut the drawers in frustration, he heard a noise like 
something hard hitting the wooden bureau. Tenchi pulled open the drawers again 
and searched. Nothing. "Must have been my imagination." He mumbled, wishing he 
could find an item belonging to Ryoko.
	Tenchi sat down on Ryoko's bed, which she seldom used. She had either 
stayed on the roof or watched him sleep. Tenchi rarely slept without Ryoko 
watching him, her eyes glistening in the darkness. Those eyes. How could he 
forget them?
	Tenchi left Ryoko's room, disappointed that he couldn't find anything of 
hers to keep until she came back, if she ever did. 
	That reminded him of Washu. "I wonder if Washu found out anything new."
	The young man knocked on Washu's door to the lab.
	"Come in." answered the scientist.
	Tenchi walked in and saw contraptions, organisms, and inventions all 
scattered about the room.
	Washu was floating on her pillow, typing on her holotop. "Hi Tenchi. What 
can I do for you?"
	"Have you found out more?" Tenchi asked hopefully.
	Washu turned to Tenchi, the shadows covering most of her small childlike 
face. "I'm afraid not. All I know is what I told you earlier. Ryoko did not 
leave using her powers. She was taken by another unknown force. I'm yet to find 
out what force that was and where it came from."
	Washu stood up and came to Tenchi who looked tormented. "Anything else I 
can do?"
	Tenchi exhaled loudly. "I can't keep her scream out of my mind. It was so 
awful sounding! Washu, she was in pain! Please, do all that you can to bring 
Ryoko back. Please."
	Washu meekly smiled. "Of course Tenchi. You know I will."
	With those words assuring Tenchi all that could be done was being done, he 
left the greatest scientific genius in the universe to the painstaking work.


Sasami did not fix a lunch, for no one was hungry. The whole Masaki family and 
friends was outside the door to Washu's lab, waiting. Waiting for some kind of 
encouraging news.
	All afternoon they sat, paced and gazed. They only left when Sasami called 
them for dinner.
	Not one person ate much of anything. Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryo-ohki had 
absolutely nothing, all too distressed to be hungry.
	Ayeka finished her hot green tea and got up from the table. "Lord Tenchi, 
could you come in my room for a moment? I'd like to talk to you in private."
	 He stretched and got up from the table. "I guess so."
	Tenchi went with Ayeka to her room and sat down on the bed. "What was it 
that you wanted to talk about?"
	"I wanted...I...."
	Ayeka made a fist with her hand and hit the bed with full force.
	The part of the futon that was pounded sunk in, springs breaking. Now 
there was an indent in the bed where Ayeka and Tenchi sat.
	"I don't know what to say Tenchi! I am so confused right now."
	Tenchi put his hand on the princess's leg. "Don't speak, I know what 
you're thinking. I don't need to reason. Don't tell me because it hurts."
	Ayeka started playing with her long purple hair. "I saw you go into 
Ryoko's room. Did you find anything?"
	"No, but I did hear a noise when I shut one of the drawers. I couldn't 
find anything when I searched, so maybe you can."
	Tenchi held Ayeka's hand and pulled her up from the bed. "Come on Ayeka."
	Upon reaching the room, Ayeka sat down and pulled open one of the drawers. 
No sound. She tried the next and the next. Not one of them made a noise. "I 
thought you said there was something in these."
	Tenchi scratched the back of his head. "Me too. Guess it was my 
imagination after all."


	A week passed and Washu had mentioned no new word of Ryoko.
	During that week, the scientist got so little rest that she often made 
mistakes in typing and calculating. She also frequently fell asleep right where 
she was and was awakened by the nightmares that plagued her dreams.
	Tenchi sometimes could hear Washu cry out in her sleep and it frightened 
him at times. What was she dreaming about?
	One night, Tenchi was awakened by Washu's yelp in her lab. "I wish I could 
do something for Washu."
	Tenchi stepped out of bed and crept over to the lab door. He heard only 
silence. "Guess she's ok now."
	Tenchi was about to go back to his room when he heard something in the 
attic. 
	He climbed up in the attic, or what used to be Ryoko's room, and looked 
around. A chill ran over him partly because it was kind of creepy being in the 
same spot Ryoko once slept.
	Tenchi shivered. "It is cold in here! I better wrap a blanket around 
myself until I go back to bed."
	Tenchi pulled out a drawer and grabbed a blanket. As he pushed the drawer 
back in, the sound filled his ears. "What the heck is that noise!" Tenchi 
exclaimed. "I'm getting to the bottom of this!"
	Tenchi yanked out everything from the dresser and again found nothing. He 
threw his head back in exasperation and put all the items in their proper place. 
	When he was about to push the last drawer in, Tenchi observed the bottom 
of the bureau. It looked out of place, not quite right. "Hmmm."
	Tenchi pushed one of his fingers in a crack between the dresser and the 
board. It lifted it up, revealing a small book sitting on the real bottom of the 
dresser.
	The boy delicately picked up the book and set it on the bed, replacing the 
fake bottom at them same time.
	Tenchi plopped down on the bed and opened the small book, only to discover 
it was Ryoko's journal.
	Ryoko's handwriting filled the pages and Tenchi saw that his name was 
mentioned written the most, followed by Ayeka's.
	Tenchi was not positive if he really should be reading Ryoko's journal. 
After all, it was personal.
	Tenchi suddenly felt as though someone, somewhere was watching him. He 
scanned the bedroom, but saw nobody. "Stupid imagination." He grumbled.
	After a moment of debating of whether he should read Ryoko's journal, 
Tenchi finally decided to bring it into his room, but keep it out of sight.


	Tenchi awoke the next morning and had his breakfast. He went up to his 
room and retrieved the diary. He then brought it up to the loft. This was the 
day he would open up the golden-eyed woman's diary and read it.
	Tenchi peered inside the journal and saw Ryoko's first thoughts ever 
written.
	Tenchi couldn't believe what he read.
	'Washu-chan bought me a beautiful dress today. I put it on and it fit 
perfectly. Not too immodest, but still showy. Just the way I like it.'
	Tenchi blinked. Was this actually from the time Ryoko was created? He 
skipped ahead a few pages.
	'I met a bratty kid named Ayeka. She said she was a princess from the 
royal Jurai family. Yeah right! I thought princesses were proper, levelheaded, 
and pretty. Ayeka is none of the above. Especially levelheaded. Her temper is 
worse than anyone I've ever known. Her mouth isn't that great either. Though the 
princess doesn't curse, directly anyway, she sure knows a lot of words that mean 
the same thing.'
	Tenchi stared absently at the pages. "So that is what Ryoko thought of 
Ayeka when they first met."
	He read the next entry in horror.
	'Kagato has struck and I am now a prisoner to his evil deeds. I, Ryoko, am 
going to die once Kagato is finished toying with me, just like he did to my 
mother. He said so himself. 
	I have now learned to hate Kagato with all my heart and soul. He is awful 
and cruel even to his so-called friends!'
	The last words written on the page were 'Good Bye.'
	Tenchi figured Kagato had probably entered in at that moment to begin his 
dirty work.
	Tenchi felt his old hate towards Kagato coming back to him. Kagato was 
dead, but Tenchi still despised the man.
	An idea abruptly pushed all other thoughts out. 
	"Maybe Ryoko spoke of the day she disappeared!"
	He hurriedly flipped through the pages, scanning every one of them. It 
took hours to look through all the pages and not a single word was mentioned 
about her vanishing.
	"Darn it."
	He closed the journal, feeling that he had intruded into the demoness's 
life and was ruining all that she had tried to accomplish and keep secret.
	Tenchi brought the journal back to the spot he originally found it. The 
journal slipped from his hands and fell open. 
	The word 'fear' caught his eyes. He read the page.
	'I fear that someone from Jurai will want to take revenge on me for all 
the things I did under Kagato's influence. Though the Juraians say they forgave 
me, I wonder if someone there still has a grudge against me. Maybe it is just my 
imagination, but I am still cautious around anyone who is from that planet, 
including Ayeka and Yosho.'
	Tenchi placed the journal in the dresser and replaced the fake bottom and 
the drawer. Tenchi then made a promise to himself. He would never read Ryoko's 
journal again.
	He laid down on the bed and decided to take a nap. It was still light 
outside when Tenchi woke up. He yawned and shuffled over to the door. Tenchi 
closed the door to the loft and saw Ayeka exiting her room in her pajamas and 
robe, which surprised him. "What are you doing in pajamas?"
	Ayeka pointed to a clock. "It is 7 o'clock in the morning, Lord Tenchi. 
What is so strange about being in my nightclothes?"
	He rubbed his eyes. "I was up in the attic all night?!?"
	"You were? What were you doing up there?"
	Tenchi froze, realizing Ayeka was suspicious. If he told her the truth, 
she might get her feelings hurt.
	"Oh, I heard something and went to check it out. I guess I fell asleep."
	"Ok, Lord Tenchi. If you say so. I should have no reason to argue with 
you."
	Tenchi realized the princess had her feelings hurt anyway. She knew he 
lied. "Wait Ayeka."
	Ayeka stood, waiting.
	"Plan on seeing me downstairs this evening. 8 o'clock to be exact."
	Ayeka grinned really big and clasped her hands together. She then ran 
downstairs, feeling rather giddy. Tenchi was going to do something with her! Or 
so she hoped.
	

	Later that day, Tenchi opened his trunk and started digging through it. 
"Where is it?"
	He dug deeper into the trunk. Tenchi's eyes lit up. "Here it is." He said, 
pulling out a dressy suit.
	The suit was rather wrinkly from being folded in the trunk so long.
	Tenchi sighed. He felt like he was betraying Ryoko. She was gone and she 
most likely would never find out, even if the demoness did come back. Still....
	"I have to do something with my life!" Tenchi hollered back at his 
thoughts. "I can't sit here any longer wishing Ryoko were with me! Tonight, I 
will take Ayeka out and have a good time."
	Satisfied with what he had said, Tenchi shook out the clothes he was 
holding. A huge crease went down one leg of the pants.
	"I guess I should try to sneak these to Sasami for a serious ironing job."


	It was ten minutes till eight and Ayeka was sitting on the couch patiently 
anticipating Tenchi's arrival. "I hope Lord Tenchi is all right." She said to no 
one in particular.
	Washu looked away from the program on TV, 'Science for good kids'.
	"What's my guinea pig's problem?"
	Ayeka scrunched her hands into fists and slammed them down on the couch. 
"He is most definitely not your guinea pig! Stop saying that Washu-sama!"
	Washu waved her finger. "It is Washu-chan. Oh. You never answered my 
question."
	The princess crinkled up her reddening face. "Will you just shut up! I 
think you...."
	Ayeka's mouth stayed open and hanging as she saw Tenchi come down the 
stairs in a fancy suit.
	Tenchi smiled. "You haven't found a new arguing partner already, have 
you?"
	Ayeka blushed, but it quickly went away. "What are you doing in that suit 
Lord Tenchi? Are you going somewhere?"
	Tenchi had now reached the couch and was still smiling. "Yes, I am going 
somewhere."
	The princess and her heart drooped. He had forgotten. "I thought... never 
mind."
	Tenchi spoke again; realizing Ayeka was about to leave. "I can't go 
without you, princess Ayeka."
	A grin slipped across Washu's face. Tenchi had just took a step forward.
	Ayeka straightened up immediately. "You want me to go with you?"
	"By all means!" Tenchi bowed. "Better get prettied up miss."
	Ayeka played along. "Yes sir! Right away."
	She hurried off to her room and hastily searched for a dress to ware.
	Downstairs, Washu shut off the TV. "I see you are taking Ayeka out. You 
didn't give up on Ryoko did you?"
	"No! How could I forger her? She was so...." Tenchi's voice trailed off. 
He was in deep thought and Washu didn't even make him blink when she got up from 
the couch. Washu went off to her lab to continue work on Ryoko's disappearance.
	Ayeka emerged from her room. "Lord Tenchi, I am ready to go now." Ayeka 
said, carefully coming down the steps. She was in a purple satin dress with a 
ruby colored sash, the color of her eyes.
	Tenchi snapped back to reality and gave Ayeka a big grin. "You look really 
elegant Miss Ayeka."
	Ayeka brought her hands to her mouth and giggled. "Well Lord Tenchi, you 
don't look bad yourself."
	Tenchi walked over to the front door and opened it for the princess.
	"I hope you don't mind walking Ayeka. My dad took the car before I could 
say anything."
	Ayeka smiled. "I don't mind Tenchi."
	Tenchi sighed. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all. "The place isn't 
far from here so the stroll should only take about 10 minutes."
	Ayeka walked behind Tenchi, as she did most of the time. Her heart told 
her to get closer but her mind said stay back. Ayeka tried to stop the turmoil 
inside her. "Lord Tenchi, where are we going?"
	Tenchi had his eyes fixed on the path. "We are going to 'Rapport Cafe'. It 
is an old, small, French restaurant. The name means 'Harmony Coffeehouse'."
	Tenchi became nervous. He was going to be with Ayeka and only Ayeka. It 
was a little scary for him, this being the only time he had personally asked for 
someone to go on a date.
	After a few more minutes of walking in silence, they reached 'Rapport 
Cafe'.
	A waiter sat them down at a table by a window and gave them their menus. 
He then motioned that he would be back.
	A thought came to Tenchi's mind. "This place sure looks familiar. But I 
swear I never knew it existed until I checked a phone book for a coffeehouse 
nearby."
	Tenchi noticed the waiter coming back and directed his attention to him.
	"Madame, may I take order?"
	"I'll have a coffee and a petit four."
	The waiter nodded. "Petit four very good cake."
	Tenchi put down his menu. "I guess I'll have the same."
	"Ok. Two petit four and two coffee."
	The waiter pondered a little. "May I ask sir question?"
	"Go ahead."
	"Where your femme fatale? Madame hors de combat?"
	Though Ayeka was totally clueless at what had been said, Tenchi understood 
every word. Ryoko had taught them to him a long time ago when they only knew 
each other a few days.
	The words went through Tenchi's mind again. 'Where your dangerous woman, 
the seductress? Is she out of fight?' 
	Tenchi laughed nervously, hoping Ayeka didn't understand the waiter. Now 
he knew why the place looked familiar, Ryoko had brought him here. She had shown 
her feeling towards Tenchi in front of the waiter, who took it the wrong way.
	"Ahh...." Tenchi hesitated; trying to think of a way to word it so Ayeka 
wouldn't catch on.
	"You not understand? I will say different."
	Tenchi quickly shook his head and the waiter got the hint.
	"I be back with food."
	Ayeka still looked perplexed. "Lord Tenchi, what did he say?"
	Tenchi felt hot. "Uhhh, it doesn't matter. I don't know what he said 
anyway."
	The princess was not satisfied with Tenchi's answer but did not want to 
start an argument.
	The waiter came shortly after. "I quick, no? Here two coffee."
	The mugs were placed on the table followed by two small frosted cakes. 
"Here piece de resistance. It chef's chef d'oeuvre. Masterpiece."
	Ayeka and Tenchi sampled the cake as the waiter set the check on the 
table. "Mmmm." they said in unison. Both of them burst into laughter.
	They composed themselves promptly when a couple glared at them, making it 
quite clear what they wanted.
	Tenchi hungrily ate his cake, not having much of a dinner. Ayeka ate hers 
much more slowly. It was only proper.
	When Ayeka was done, they both walked over to the register and Tenchi paid 
the bill.
	The cashier, who could speak very well, asked them how they liked the 
cafe. "What do you think, eh? How do you like our little hole in the wall cafe?"
	"Par excellence." Tenchi said.
	Ayeka turned towards him. "I didn't know you could speak French, Lord 
Tenchi."
	"I can't. I only know a few phrases taught to me by Ryoko."
	Pain shot through his heart. Why couldn't he get Ryoko out of his mind? He 
came to this cafe with Ryoko and ended up hearing the few phrases of French 
taught to him by her.
	The cashier handed Tenchi his change. "Here you go. Goodnight miss. 
Goodnight sir."
	Ayeka bowed. "You too."


	Noboyuki kept checking over his shoulder, making sure no one was watching 
the television too.
	The front door opened and Noboyuki nearly jumped off the couch. He 
franticly fumbled with the remote trying to press the power button. The TV 
turned off just as Tenchi and Ayeka walked into the living room. "Oh, back 
already Tenchi?"
	Tenchi looked a bit annoyed. He knew what his father was up to. "Dad, its 
11:00."
	"It's that late? Gee, I never looked at the clock. I...uh...I guess I 
should get in bed now."
	Noboyuki jogged to his room, shutting the door with a bang.
	Tenchi and Ayeka walked up the stairs and stopped at the princess's door. 
Tenchi rubbed the back of his head. "Did you have a good time Ayeka? I mean, you 
know. I didn't plan anything special."
	Ayeka looked into his eyes. "I had a wonderful time and it was very 
special!" Ayeka blushed and moved her eyes away from his, trying to get her 
emotions under control again. "I think I should go to bed now, Lord Tenchi. It 
is rather late."
	Tenchi bowed a full elaborate bow, which made the Juraian Princess beam 
with happiness. She closed the door, not knowing what she'd do if she looked 
into his eyes again.
	

	Tenchi had been in bed for hours and was not asleep yet. He lay there, 
staring at the ceiling, arms behind his head.
	"Why didn't I?" He kept saying aloud.
	Tenchi was remembering Ayeka at the door. Her look told him she was 
willing.
	"Why didn't I wrap my arms around her? She wanted too and so did I."
	Before drifting off to sleep, Tenchi whispered one word almost to quiet to 
hear. "Ryoko."


	One year later....


	Washu still worked on the 'Ryoko Files', as she called it, but not nearly 
as often. In fact, it was pure luck if the scientist worked on it twice a month, 
sometimes not even that. Days when she couldn't use her guinea pig for 
experiments were usually the days she worked on the 'Ryoko Files'. Those days 
were far and few.
	Tenchi's school year went as usual, though time to time he would be caught 
daydreaming in class. One kid in particular, Yatsuko, would call out 'Love sick' 
whenever Tenchi was thinking. Although no one actually knew if he was thinking 
about Ayeka, most people were pretty sure that he was.
	

	On the last day of school until summer vacation, Ayeka was waiting on the 
couch for Tenchi's arrival.
	Ayeka was very much in love with Tenchi, just like always. She anticipated 
Tenchi's coming home and had, by now, mustered up the courage to do two things. 
Greeting Tenchi at the door and telling him that she missed him. This was a big 
accomplishment on the princess's part.
	Tenchi walked through the door. It had been a long day at school.
	"Lord Tenchi! You're back!" Ayeka excitedly called, running to the door, 
stopping just short of knocking Tenchi over.
	Tenchi was relived to see someone caring and kind. "Did you miss me?"
	Ayeka frowned. "Dumb question Tenchi."
	The young man began playing with the lock of hair on the back of his head. 
"Ok, so it was." He said, pulling out a silver bracelet from his pocket. It was 
adorned with bright rubies. "I bought this for you today. Maybe we should go to 
the 'Rapport Cafe' so you can show it off."
	Ayeka was very excited. "Yes of course! I will put on a dress to go with 
it. Just a minute Lord Tenchi."
	Tenchi sighed. He knew Ayeka's minutes were really hours. He sat down in a 
chair and watched some TV.
	Ayeka came down in record time. It took her only 67 minutes instead of her 
average 84. Tenchi began wondering why he even kept track.
	At the cafe, Ayeka and Tenchi ordered the usual. A petit four and a cup of 
coffee.
	Ever since the first time they came to the cafe, they ordered the same 
thing, as if trying to keep their original visit alive. Ayeka and Tenchi 
frequently came to the 'Rapport Cafe', mainly after long or frustrating days. 
The small coffeehouse was a place of peacefulness and simplicity.
	Ayeka sipped on her coffee. "Lord Tenchi, how was the last day of school?"
	Tenchi groaned. "Horrible. Yatsuko embarrassed me I don't know how many 
times. He then said, I quote, 'Enjoy your summer vacation while it lasts, 
Tenchi'.
	Ayeka looked angry. "I am going to tell that Yatsuko just what I think of 
him!" She stood up, but Tenchi pulled her back down. "Eh heh heh. I don't think 
that is necessary."
	Ayeka, still steaming, took a big bite of her cake and grumbled something 
under her breath.
	Tenchi was enjoying his coffee when Ayeka mumbled just loud enough for him 
to hear. He nearly choked on his drink, eyes bulging. The young man never would 
have guessed the princess knew such words.
	Ayeka saw Tenchi's face and realized he had made out what she had spoken. 
She turned bright red and looked away from him. "Tenchi, I am so sorry."
	Tenchi barely could croak out a 'it's ok'.


	Sasami was on the couch petting Ryo-ohki. Ryo-ohki had just ate about 30 
carrots and was now enjoying a massage.
	Sasami stared off into space. She was remembering yesterday, how upset her 
big sister had been. Ayeka had told her that Tenchi heard something he shouldn't 
have. Sasami did not know what, but that didn't matter. She felt for Ayeka. 
Although Ayeka looked as if she had told her everything, Sasami knew there was 
something else. Something deep inside Ayeka had grown a little stronger, a 
little bigger. 
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki protested against Sasami's sudden halt in the massage.
	Sasami stroked the cabbit's back. "Sorry Ryo-ohki, I wasn't paying 
attention." She started petting Ryo-ohki and looked at the clock. "Oh no! I need 
to start dinner! I was going to prepare something extra special today. I'll have 
to stop now, Ryo-ohki."
	Ryo-ohki jumped off Sasami's lap, yawned and curled up on the couch.
	Sasami gave the cabbit one last pat and ran towards the kitchen, 
determined to make supper on time.
	As Sasami started grabbing things off the shelf for dinner, Tenchi walked 
by and stopped next to her.
	"How much time do we have before dinner?"
	Sasami started slicing carrots. "I'd say another two hours. Why?"
	Tenchi snatched a carrot before Sasami could stop him. "I wanted to go for 
a walk." He said, munching on the vegetable.
	Sasami grinned. "Is Ayeka going too?"
	"Um, no. Just me."
	Tenchi tried to grab another carrot but Sasami was ready for him.
	"Oh no you don't!" She slapped his hand hard, making Tenchi flinch.
	"Ouch!" He rubbed his hand. "Ok ok, I'm leaving!" 
	Tenchi rubbed Sasami's head before heading outdoors.
	It was warm outside and the sun shone brightly, lighting every inch of the 
yard. Tenchi was headed nowhere in particular; he just wanted to get out of the 
house.
	He soon reached the carrot patch and checked it over. "Looks perfect to 
me." A lone weed caught his eye. Tenchi pulled it out and threw it behind him. 
"There, now it's perfect."
	Tenchi chuckled as he walked on, enjoying the warmth the sun gave him. 
Many thoughts went through his mind and he began to forget to watch where he was 
going. Tenchi smacked right into the shrine gate. "Oooh! My nose." He whined, 
looking past the gate and at the cave beyond.
	That was Ryoko's cave, the very place she had been encased for over 700 
years. Ryoko had since sealed it off, forbidding anyone to enter, including 
herself. Tenchi had only been inside once and did not intend to visit again, but 
something drew him to break the seal and enter. It was if someone was right 
there urging him to.
	The gate swung open as the crown prince of Jurai went through, slowing 
coming closer to the entrance to the cave.
	He pulled out Tenchi-ken and sliced through the stone that would unlock 
the cave. The ground shook and rumbled when the rock was severed. Tenchi had to 
brace himself to keep from falling. When the earthquake stopped, Tenchi 
continued into the lair.
	As he walked through the caverns, memories of Ryoko flashed before his 
eyes. Especially the first time he saw the demoness. Her bluish gray hair, her 
perfect form, her glowing eyes the color of topaz or amber.
	Tenchi abruptly fell into a cold puddle, the same one he slipped into the 
first time upon entering the cave.
	"That's cold!" He yelped, immediately standing. "Better pay more 
attention."
	He wandered aimlessly in the dark pathways until he reached the room with 
the open coffin Ryoko had been trapped in for so many years. Tenchi remembered 
when he first saw her as a mummy. That had been rather disturbing.
	Tenchi look around. Something was different. He sensed it.
	He stepped over to the sarcophagus and noticed a glow around it. Upon 
closer inspection Tenchi saw something inside.


	In the house....


	"Where is Tenchi!" Ayeka bawled, franticly checking all the rooms in the 
house again.
	Sasami and the others were also searching for the missing boy. "I told 
Tenchi dinner would be ready four hours ago. Where could he be?"
	Mihoshi gently hugged Sasami and placed Ryo-ohki on the little princess's 
shoulder. "Please don't cry. We'll find Tenchi. I just know it!"
	Tears welled up in Sasami's eyes. "That...That is what I told Ryo-ohki 
when Ryoko was gone." With that, Sasami started to cry.
	Ayeka rushed over to her sister. "It's ok Sasami. Don't shed so many 
tears. Tenchi will be found. I am not losing him too."
	Sasami hugged her big sister back and then hugged the cabbit. "I hope we 
find Tenchi soon."
	The front door opened and Yosho came inside with a slight simper. "I think 
I know where my grandson is."
	Ayeka sped over to him with eager eyes. "Where is Lord Tenchi!"
	Yosho chuckled. "Tenchi is in Ryoko's cave. The gate was open and so was 
the cave. Come; let's go meet him."
	Mihoshi gasped. "Didn't Ryoko forbid all of us to go in the cave? Wouldn't 
there be a curse or something?"
	Ayeka yelled at the top of her voice. "Do you want Tenchi to come home or 
not!"
	Mihoshi shrunk into her shoulders. "Yes." She replied meekly.


	Inside the cave....


	"What is in there?" Tenchi questioned. He squinted his eyes trying to 
block out some of the bright beams coming from the box. The glow tinted the 
entire room a greenish color.
	Tenchi spotted a place where the light wasn't so bright and peered within. 
He saw a form lying peacefully and motionless. "Ryoko!"
	He reached for her, but the green light formed a shield as soon as his 
hand came near Ryoko's body. The shield reflected Tenchi hand and his body, 
hurling him towards the cave wall like a pebble. Tenchi smashed into the rough 
wall and nearly passed out.
	After a minute or so, he regained his senses. An idea struck him right 
away. "Tenchi-ken!" He shouted, pulling the sword out. Maybe, just maybe, the 
sword could break the barrier between him and Ryoko.
	Tenchi raised Tenchi-ken and struck... another blade? He looked over to 
see his grandfather holding a sword. "Grandfather! What are you doing here? 
Wait! Hold that thought! Ryoko is inside this coffin and I need to break the 
seal!"
	Tenchi then noticed everyone else behind his grandpa. They all had 
relieved faces but scared eyes.
	Yosho drew his sword and put it away. "I stopped you, Tenchi, because you 
could injure Ryoko by striking down the force field. Washu should be the one to 
get her out. After all, she was the one who created Ryoko."
	Tenchi just stood there as Washu slowly approached the sarcophagus. A tear 
streaked down her face when she saw Ryoko's body inside.
	The scientist's holotop appeared, floating in the air. Washu typed in a 
conglomeration of data and changed into her adult form.
	Tenchi and his friends all stared at Washu, surprised that she transformed 
and amazed at her beauty.
	Washu still had the same hairstyle but it was longer and a more brilliant 
pink. It flowed down her back, expressing Washu's height. She was now taller 
than Tenchi, more Ryoko's size.
	"Hey, stop staring at me. I can't do my work when I look and see a pair of 
bulging eyeballs, Tenchi."
	Tenchi turned red and faced the other direction, only to meet Ayeka with a 
very sore look on her face.
	All the people stood in silence, waiting. The only sound that could be 
heard was the computer keys being pressed by Washu.
	Mihoshi sat down on the cave floor and started sniveling. "Is Ryoko dead?"
	Washu answered in a kindly but grievous voice. "No, thank goodness. It 
seems Ryoko is in the same state she was the first time. Unfortunately, I do not 
know how to unlock and deactivate the barrier."
	Yosho closed his eyes and then opened them again. "I sense that this 
shield is foreign in origin."
	The scientist weakly smiled. "Yeah, it isn't from around here. It is 
extremely powerful and could outmatch Ayeka's force field any day."
	Tenchi Masaki grimaced. "I found that out the hard way. All I did was 
touch it with my hand and the barrier sent me flying to the wall."
	Mihoshi flicked a small stone on the ground. "Did it hurt?"
	Tenchi groaned along with the others. "Yes, It hurt a lot Mihoshi."
	"Oh, ok." She said, flicking another pebble. This one hit Ryo-ohki's 
fluffy tail.
	"Miya!" The cabbit yelped, jumping in surprise. Seeing that there was 
nothing to be afraid of, she hopped over to Ryoko's casket and looked in. She 
began to cry, tears running over her brown fluffy face. 
	Once again, Ryoko was out of their reach. This really destroyed Washu's 
pride. Wasn't she supposed to be the greatest scientific genius in the universe? 
Wasn't she supposedly capable of solving every scientific problem?
	The scientist scrunched her hands into fists. "Could all of you please 
leave? I can't stay focused on here and now with all the people."
	Tenchi held Ayeka's hand and left with the group. "Poor Washu." He 
thought, finding his way back through the dark quarters of the cave.
	After the crowd had gone, Washu stared into Ryoko's coffin. "Daughter, if 
you only knew how much I really loved you." She then went back to her studying 
and researching.
	A sad thought came to Washu. "Ryoko told me a little about her entrapment 
for 700 years. She had hated it, feeling alone, confined, and in the dark. Even 
years after her release, Ryoko preferred to stay away from dark confining 
places. What she must be feeling now is terror, pure terror."
	Working by the glow of the sarcophagus, Washu put all thoughts on getting 
Ryoko out. "I won't let her suffer any longer. I must release her from the 
darkness."
