I make no claim on the characters in this fan fic. They belong to the anime 
companies who made them.


Merea
By, Clayton Overstreet


  In the last episode of the T.V. series Sasami was following Ayeaka back to 
Earth. But incase you
forgot, she had a little stop to make along the way.

  Sasami turned to Azaka, who was driving the ship. "Azaka, we're gonna take 
a shortcut through
Sargaso." The guardian stared at the princess for a minute then replied, " 
But...but your highness,
nobody goes through Sargaso. I don't even know how we made it out the last 
time." Sasami just looked
at him, "I said Sargaso. I'm picking someone up there." The guardian bowed, 
"As you command
princess." He stood up and set the course for Sargaso.
  Two days later they arrived. Suddenly the power shut down and the lights 
went off. Kamidaki turned
to Sasami, "What do we do now your highness?" Sasami laughed. "Watch this!" 
She turned to the mirror
hanging on the wall beside her and stuck her face into it. That guardians 
gasped.   Suddenly she called
out into the mirror, "Merea! I'm back!" Stepping back from the mirror Sasami 
smiled as a girl about her
age stepped out. Sasami turned to the guardians, who could only see a 
glowing white figure, "This is my
friend Merea." Merea hugged Sasami, "I missed you so much. How did 
everything go on your world?"
Sasami hugged her back, "Tenchi beat that Kagato guy and went home. Now 
we're going back to Earth
too. But Ryoko it... missing." Sasami looked down unhappily.
  "I know where she is Sasami. Would you like me to help you find her?" 
Sasami's eyes lit up. "Would
you? That would be so great. I think Tenchi is in love with her. He'll be so 
happy." Merea laughed and
hugged her again, "Your my best friend Sasami. I'd do anything for you." 
Sasami smiled, "Thanks Merea.
Hey, once this is over would you like to come live with us? Maybe Washu 
could help you find out about
your lost memories." The ghost looked at her friend amazed, "Realy? I can 
come with you?" The little
pricess nodded. "Thank you Sasami. It's so lonely out here." The two 
guardians gave eachother an odd
look, then sighed.
  Sasami looked at Merea, "How do we find Ryoko?" Merea answered, "I just 
have to home in on
Ryo-oki. Sasami, can you grab me an extra mirror?" Sasami nodded and ran to 
her room. Afew
minutes later she came out dragging her full length closet mirror behind 
her, "Will this do?" Merea nodded
and picked it up.
  She stepped into the hall mirror, taking the other one behind her. Sasami 
waited anxiosly. Suddenly
Ryoko fell out of the mirror, followed by Merea and Ryo-oki. "I hope you 
don't mind Sasami but I had
to leave the other one there." Sasami nodded, it's ok Merea, but what's 
wrong with Ryoko?" Ryo-oki
was sniffing Ryoko, who was laying unconsious on the floor. There was a 
large spot of blood on her
side and she was barely breathing. "She's hurt Sasami. Bad." Sasami rubbed 
Ryoko's head and glanced
up at Merea, "Is there anything you can do?" Merea smilled and nodded, "Yes, 
but i'll need your
guardian's help." Sasami turned to Azaka and Kamidaki, "Well, get over here 
and help." They ran to
her side, "What does she wish us to do princess?" Sasami turned back to 
Merea who said ,"Tell them
to take my hands and form a triangle around her." Sasami relayed the message 
and the guardians did as
asked. Suddenly a brilliant blue light surrounded Ryoko's body. The blood on 
her clothes began to
disapear and her breathing became calm. Sasami jumped up and hugged Merea, 
"Thanks Merea. This
means alot to me." The ghost hugged her back and smiled. "Where was she 
anyway?" Sasami asked.
Merea looked at her, "Thats the odd thing. She was just on the other side of 
the Earth's moon." Sasami's
eye's lit up again, "Realy? Can you put her and Ryo-oki back there before my 
sister show's up on Earth?"
Merea thought then nodded again, "Yeah, but why?" Sasami gave her an evil 
grin, "Ayeaka is going to
hate me for this if she ever found out, but I think Ryoko should be the 
first one to see Tenchi." Merea
laughed, "Ok Sasami, I'll do it."

  The next day they arrived on Earth. Tenchi and the others were waiting for 
her, having recieved reports
from Washu that they were on the way. Sasami got out of the ship and saw 
Tenchi with his arms around
Ryoko. She smiled and looked at Ayeaka, who seemed to be in an alright mood. 
Kyonei and Mihoshi
were there too, and so were Nobiyuki and Yosho. On either side of Ayeaka 
were the log shaped guardians
that had once held the memories of Sasami's own. She stepped out of the ship 
and after everyone was
done hugging her and Ryo-oki had jumped into her arms, Sasami said, "Hey 
guy's, I brought a fried with
me." Sasami tuned to the ship, "Come on out Merea." A small glowing figure 
about as big as Sasami
stepped nervously out of the ship. Washu jumped forward, "Hey thats the 
etherial life form I was trying
to see in Sargaso!" Tenchi looked at Sasami, "So her name is Merea?" Sasami 
nodded and introduced
her to everyone. "Washu, do you think you can help her get her memories 
back? All she had is this one
photograph." Merea handed the little red haired scientist the picture. Washu 
took it, "I'll see what I can
do Sasami." Sasami thanked her hen she took Merea on a tour of the house. 
Tenchi looked at Ryoko
and said, "Well this is interesting. Do you think we can trust her?" Ryoko 
looked at him and smiled, "You
know what Tenchi, something says she's alright." Tenchi smilled and kissed 
her, "Ok Ryoko, I trust you."

  The End

  I just wanted to clear that up. I was watching that episode last night and 
I didn't think it would be right
to just leave the little ghost girl all alone. Anything you want to ask me 
just email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com
