Disclaimer:  Again, none of these characters are min, please don't sue.  
Somewhere in this story (in this chapter, maybe, but definitely in other 
chapters) I use some ideas from fanfics by Gregory W. Matterson (they're 
very good I highly recommend them).  Again comments, suggestions, threats 
are appreciated.


Messes and Mayhem Chapter 2


	The next day started out as any other day at the Misaki household would 
start out.
	"My what a lovely morning!"  Azaka exclaimed.
	"Yes, it's going to be another beautiful day here on planet earth." 
Kamadaki retorted as the sounds of explosions and arguments started in the 
background.
	"And so peaceful, too" Azaka added.
	"Yes," agreed Kamadaki.  "You know this has been quite a mild spring.  
Tenchi will be on his summer vacation soon."
	"Then these quite peaceful days will be over for sure." Azaka stated as a 
mushroom cloud formed in the direction of the Misaki residence.  "Princess 
Aeka and Miss Ryoko will surly start their rivalry in earnest again."
	"I hope that Lord Tenchi will be able to handle them.  Spring fever has not 
yet hit the girls, but when it does..." a loud wailing, that could only be 
Mihoshi starts in the background, accompanied by the sound of Ryoko shouting 
at her to shut up.
	"There will be no more peace." Both guardians said in a melancholy voice.
	Washu sat working in her lab.  It was what she did most mornings before 
teatime (soap-opera time).  She was now in the beautiful ecosystem on the 
main planet of the lab.  Washu's lab was enormous.  It was so big that it 
could not fit on just one planet.  It took up five in a small system just 
outside Jurian space.  Washu was, however, not -really- working.  This 
project was really more of a hobby than anything else.  Her real work was 
trying to figure out how the lighthawk wings worked, especially now that she 
had learned from Funaho that Ryoko was capable of forming her own when she 
reached full maturity.  She was curious as to how Tenchi had got them, but 
he posed no threat, her daughter, on the other hand...well, that was 
different.  Sometimes she let her rage get the best of her, although she had 
shown great self-control when dealing with Aeka.  Washu knew that really the 
princess was no match for her wonderful creation; Ryoko had simply been 
toying with her so far, possibly because Tenchi would have been upset with 
her if she had killed her.
	Washu's hobby was annoying her 'daughter', to see what she would do in 
given situations.  Right now she was figuring the possible tangents that her 
date for Saturday with Asamasagi would go.  Washu had decided that the most 
obvious course would end in Ryoko either slicing Asamasagi in half with her 
energy sword or blasting him with on of the most powerful energy balls she 
could make and thus taking out half the city.  Which it would be, however 
Washu had to admit that she didn't know.  It would depend on the variable z, 
Asamasagi.
	Washu had to chuckle.  This was going to be absolutely wonderful.  Not only 
would she have a chance to study Ryoko all alone in public, but she would 
also be able to study her with a male other than Tenchi.  The possibilities 
were endless.
	Her thoughts would have continued along that route had not their been a 
loud explosion from the house.  Washu turned on her security cameras to see 
what the problem was, she knew it: it was Aeka and Ryoko.
***
"You horrid monster!" yelled Aeka "just -what- do you think you were doing 
in Lord Tenchi's bedroom!"
	"I told you -little- princess," Ryoko countered, "I was taking a nap.  Away 
from the likes of you.  Tenchi doesn't mind if I sleep in here, if it were 
you I could see the problem, but as it is..." Aeka fumed, a vein started to 
form on her forehead.  Ryoko smiled her cocky 'Ha, I've gottcha' smile.  "We 
are lovers, Tenchi and I," her tone darkened a little, "so just back off!"
	Aeka exploded at this.  "Why would Lord Tenchi ever be interested in the 
likes of you when he's got someone like me around.  You are, after all, well 
over three thousand years old, and I've got such beautiful skin.  Have you 
just been in the bath Ryoko, maybe you were just in there too long."  Aeka 
laughed at the evidence that she had succeeded in hurting Ryoko's feelings 
spread across the demon's face, but she continued, she wanted to stomp her 
ego into the ground. "Besides, Tenchi and I are connected by Royal Blood and 
you, you're not even a person, just a monster created by Washu in a tank out 
of, what were those things called again, Massu, I believe.  Tenchi could 
never love a monster, and you're a monster, why he even allows you to stay 
here after all the trouble you've caused, is beyond my comprehension.  I 
mean, what are you -good- for, anyway?  All you ever do is blow things up 
and destroy Lord Tenchi's home.  All those powers of yours are useless!"  
Aeka smiled a little.  Ryoko's head hung low; she had got her to the quick.  
Heh, Ryoko could -never- be able to come up with something like that!  Aeka 
had won this round!
	Ryoko stood there motionless for some time.  Horrible thoughts running 
through her head the entire time.  She let out a loud scream and began to 
focus energy into her hands, tears streaming from her eyes.  Aeka also began 
to power up and she called Azaka and Kamadaki to her side.  Ryoko's blast 
was powerful, very powerful, but not bad enough for the guardians to be 
thrown back but a few inches.  It would have been a lot worse had Ryoko been 
focused on her attack.  As it was there was only mild structural damage to 
the house.  Ryoko didn't wait around for more to be said or to inspect the 
damage she had caused, she disappeared.
	It was about this time that Washu came running up the stairs, panting.
	"What happened!" she wheezed out.
	"Ryoko." Aeka answered in a steady tone.  Washu cocked her head to one side 
and lowered her eyebrows.  She had missed the last part of the fight as she 
had run upstairs so she hadn't heard Aeka's last insult.  Washu wasn't 
stupid though; she knew that Aeka must have said something truly horrible 
this time for Ryoko to not even be at the scene of the crime anymore.  She 
would usually stay to see for any chance to rip at Aeka again, but this time 
she wasn't there.  Washu felt at their mind link to see where she was and if 
all was well.  She sensed a sadness, depression, and loneliness.  She 
frowned.  She couldn't tell exactly where Ryoko was, but she could tell that 
her 'daughter' needed someone to talk to.
	Washu fixed a cold stare on Aeka.  "What did you say to her?" She asked 
trying very hard not to get angry.  She wanted to protect her Ryoko and had 
certain motherly instincts that needed to be acted upon.  Aeka suddenly knew 
how someone felt when he or she had awoken the 'Wrath of Misaki'.  Washu now 
bore a distinct resemblance to the second queen of Juri, Aeka's mother.
	"N...n, nothing Little Washu!" Aeka squeaked.  Washu backed off and 
frowned.  Aeka wouldn't talk and Washu wasn't in the mood to force her.  She 
would just go down and watch the tape.  Then she would hear it straight from 
the princess's mouth.
	Washu was going to give Aeka a lecture but Sasami stepped in and the little 
scientist didn't want the little girl to have to hear what Washu was going 
to say.
	"Aeka!  Washu!  Come on it's tea time we're gonna miss the show!"  Sasami 
started to pull on her older sister's kimonos.  "Let's go Aeka, or we're 
gonna miss the beginning!  Where's Ryoko?"  Sasami continued looking around 
for the pirate.
	Washu answered her.  "She just went to go get some more sake, Sasami, 
that's all."  Washu gave the little princess a smile.  "I wouldn't worry, 
she probably just drank it all and fell asleep."  Washu finished with a 
glare at the older princess.  Aeka knew that she would have to smooth things 
over later.  She laughed a little and began ushering her sister and Washu 
into the living room.
****
Ryoko went to the only place she could call her own, the Cave.  She wasn't 
even sure that she could even really call the Cave hers.  It was on the 
Misaki Shrine property after all, so technically it probably belonged to 
Tenchi's grandfather.  She sighed.  She really had nothing.  Well, there was 
Ryo-ohki, wasn't there?  She touched her link with the little Cabbit.  There 
was always a comforting answer on the other side.
>What is it, Ryoko?< the cabbit asked.
Nothing, just wanted to see if you were there
>I'll always be here Ryoko. < A pause.  >Where are you? <
My Cave, don't let Washu know
>Are you okay? <
Yeah, just a little down right now, that's all
>You have been depressed for several days Ryoko, what is wrong?  Please tell 
>me, is it Tenchi? <
Yes, and no.  Where are you
>It is teatime.  I am with Sasami, watching that show you like so much, 
>would you like me to relay it to you're mind? <
No
>Would you like me to come be with you?  I can sense you are very unhappy. <
No...
What would you think if I left
>I would be sad to leave this place, Tenchi always makes sure that I have 
>plenty of carrots and Sasami is fun to play with, but if you wish for us to 
>leave...I will go. <
I don't mean for you to come with me, you're wanted here; I just meant what 
if I left
>Why? <
I don't belong here
>Don't talk nonsense, where would you go? <
I don't know, it doesn't matter, so long as I'm away from here
I don't think I can deal with the pain anymore
>What about Tenchi? <
What about Tenchi
>You love him. <
That's why I have to go
>That doesn't make any sense<
Of course it does, I love him and I'm just a huge pain in his neck, he feels 
nothing for me
>Are you sure? <
Positive
>Has Aeka said something to you? <
Silence on Ryoko's end.
>Don't listen to her<
More silence.
>Ryoko? <
Huh
>Wait a little before we go, be absolutely certain. <
I told you that you don't have to come with me
>But I will, Ryoko, but lets be sure.  It is a rash move. <
Agreed
	The mind link cut off and Ryoko slipped back into her reverie.  So Ryo-ohki 
would come with her if she left.  She considered leaving right then, while 
everyone was busy with the soap opera.  She frowned.  Ryo-ohki would 
probably track her down and follow her, or bring her back.  She would have 
to stay a little while longer and watch as Tenchi fell in love with Aeka.  
It was only a matter of time really, after all she was a monster and sweet, 
kind young men like Tenchi did not fall in love with monsters.
	She soon started to cry.  Everything Aeka had said was true, she was 
absolutely good for nothing, but how could she be.  Ryoko cried for her 
life.  It had been taken from her and there was no way to get it back.  She 
would wait here, then.  Ryo-ohki would realize soon enough that she would be 
much happier here than out in space with a monster like herself.  She would 
be able to leave soon enough.  She hated the thought of causing Tenchi so 
much pain while she was there.  Wait, she wouldn't go back.  She would wait 
in the cave.  She would sleep in there.  No one ever came out here anymore.  
She could grieve for herself unhindered until she could sneak away from her 
ship.  With these thought racing through her head she cried herself to 
sleep.
*******
Tenchi felt a little troubled.  He couldn't really tell why though.  It was 
just a vague sense of sadness and dread.  He was at school, trying hard to 
concentrate on what his instructor was saying.  Only a few more days and 
then final exams would start, he really needed to pay attention.  He had 
been very busy the past few days with the carnival at the Shrine and all.  
He decided that he would pass this strange feeling off as a result of all 
the pressure from the fair and school exams.  Still...it was very, well, 
strange, it had started that morning and it just seemed to be getting worse 
and worse.  He was glad it was his last class; he didn't think he would be 
able to concentrate at all with this feeling growing.
	He saw Asamasagi walk through the door.  It made him think of Ryoko.  He 
wished that he hadn't let Asamasagi talk him into doing that to her.  Now 
this weekend she would be stuck going out with him.  Tenchi tried to brush 
it off.  Ryoko didn't mind, right?  She hadn't said much to Tenchi that 
morning though.  When he woke up she hadn't been watching over him, but 
somehow he knew she had been there.  He had hoped to talk to her at 
breakfast, but she hadn't shown up, it was very strange; she was always 
there, even if she didn't eat anything she would be there.  Aeka took the 
opportunity flirt with Tenchi unhindered.  He had noticed, but his mind had 
been elsewhere.  He had told her that he would make it up to her, was she 
really that upset about it?  If she was then he really needed something 
good.
	Now, however, as he was sitting staring absently at no particular point at 
the front of the room, it came to him.  She was always saying she loved him, 
he could take her out!  That would make her happy again.  Just the -promise- 
that he would take -just her- out would instantly improve her mood.  He was 
just wondering where he could take her when Asamasagi came up to him and sat 
in the chair in front of him.
	"Hey ya Tenchi, say you don't look so hot" Asamasagi noted.
	"Mmmmuhghfff" Tenchi mumbled. Looking up from where his head had previously 
been, firmly imbedded in the desk.
	"Tenchi?"
	"Huh?  What is it Asamasagi?"
	"I was just wondering if me and your friend Ryoko were still on for this 
weekend."
	"I don't see why not." Tenchi replied feeling a fresh wave of guilt wash 
over him.
	"Good!" exclaimed Asamasagi.  "You realize this is Friday, right Tenchi?  
That means that there's only one day till my date!  Tenchi you've gotta help 
me!"  Asamasagi was really freaking out by the end of the speech.
	Tenchi smiled a devious plan was forming in his head.  He had been around 
Washu and Ryoko too long he concluded, he was starting to pick up their 
knack for sneakiness.
	"Are you telling me you're -worried- about it?" Tenchi asked throwing an 
appropriate amount of concern into his voice.
	"Yes!  I've never been on a -date- before, and she's so beautiful!  I'm 
under a -lot- of pressure from the guys, Tenchi.  I need to make this 
count."
	Tenchi's eyes narrowed just a little; exactly -what- did he think he was 
going to do with Ryoko?
	"Anyway, Tenchi," Asamasagi continued.  "Tell me what to do!"
	"Do you have any plans so far?" Tenchi asked curiously.
	"Yeah, a few." The other boy answered.
	"What are they?"
	"Well I thought we could go to dinner, see that new chick movie that's 
out."
	Tenchi smiled those sounded like good ideas, nothing wrong with that at 
all.
	"That sounds like a great date, Asamasagi."
	"Well after the movies there is this party I'd like to take her to."
	"A party, huh?"  Tenchi began to pale.  He knew exactly what kind of party 
it was he wanted to take her to.
	"Oh yeah, pump enough alcohol into her and she'll be mine!"
	This of course, Tenchi realized, was not the way it would probably turn 
out.  Ryoko didn't get drunk easy, she would probably wipe out their sake 
supply before she started to feel a buzz, and to get her drunk enough for 
her to find Asamasagi desirable, Tenchi didn't think that France made enough 
wine in a year, Russia didn't make enough Vodka in a year, to get her that 
drunk.  The woman could handle her alcohol.
	"I see." Was all Tenchi could get out; he supposed that he would figure out 
when he got her to the party.
	"I really don't wanna screw this up, Tenchi.  Do you think you could help 
me?"
	"I suppose I could..."
	"Great!  Tenchi, I want you to get a date and come with me!"
	"Like a double date?"
	"Yeah!  It'll be fun!  Maybe we'll both get lucky Tenchi, wouldn't that be 
great!"
	"Heh Heh, -real- great."
********
Tenchi came home to see Washu, Mihoshi, Sasami, and Aeka just finishing 
watching their soap opera.  He did notice, however that Ryoko was not with 
them.
	"I'm home!" he called out.
	There were various cries of 'Tenchi' and a 'Lord Tenchi' from the living 
room.  He smiled as they all came to greet him.  He slipped off his shoes 
and began taking off his school jacket.
	"Hey everyone!  Where's Ryoko?  I haven't seen her all day, I'm getting 
kinda worried"
	"Hmpff," said Aeka "I don't know where that horrible creature has gone, nor 
do I care."
	Tenchi didn't respond instead he just looked to the other girls.
	"I heard her and Aeka arguing earlier, but she just left during the fight" 
Sasami told Tenchi.
	Washu's eyebrows lowered again.  She was becoming increasingly defensive of 
her 'daughter'.  She briefly noticed this; perhaps that Taro incident had 
reawakened some of her motherly instincts.
	Tenchi noticed the scowl that had developed on Washu's face.
	"Do you have her in your lab, Little Washu?"
	"No, I -don't- Tenchi, not this time.  She and Aeka had a fight and I think 
that Aeka said something that really hurt her. Really!  The way that girl 
holds in her emotions..."
	Tenchi frowned.  He wasn't really sure who Washu was talking about in that 
last sentence.  "I suppose she'll want to be alone for a while.  I have to 
practice right now; I'll go look for her after that though.  I don't want to 
leave her by herself for too long."
	Tenchi left the girls downstairs and went to put on his practice clothes.  
He was still feeling down.  He was unable to tell -why-, though.  Sure, he 
was upset about Ryoko not being there, but did it really warrant this kind 
of depression?  He felt like someone had ripped his soul out, stomped on it 
and laughed.
	"Teennchiii!" Yosho called out.  Where could that boy be!  He was always 
late.  Couldn't he just once get to practice on -time-, would that really be 
too much to ask.  Yosho shook his head, to think, this was the 'Boy that 
Could Form the Lighthawk wings', the future emperor of Juri, and he couldn't 
even make it to sword practice on time.  Yosho understood the boy had female 
trouble, he knew how Aeka could be from experience, and from what little he 
knew about Ryoko...the boy was in trouble.  Perhaps he should help his 
grandson, he had been hiding his true self for some time now.  All it would 
take was a thought and he would again look the young prince he had been when 
he left Juri to fight Ryoko.  He contemplated this for all of thirty 
seconds.  No, he couldn't do that!  He had had enough of Aeka on Juri.  She 
hadn't changed at all and she probably never would.  All he could hope to do 
was to pass her off to Tenchi.  He did seem a little interested in her, and 
she liked him.  His grandson would be a perfect substitute for him.
	"Boy!  Where are you?!"  Yosho tried calling again.  This time however 
there was a response.  Tenchi came flying up the Shrine steps.  "You're late 
again, I see.  This means extra chores for you on Saturday.  This will, 
perhaps teach you to be punctual?"
	Tenchi nodded breathlessly.  He bowed a little in apology.  He was never on 
time, usually it was one of the girls that held him up, but this time he had 
just been slow, and he still wasn't feeling very well.  His grandfather 
noticed the odd look on his grandson's face.
	"Tenchi, I know that you have problems with the girls but you must make 
them understand how important it is for you to be here on time.  Perhaps you 
could talk to them later, we need to begin now."
	Tenchi just nodded again.  He picked up his bokken and began the first 
warm-up exercise.  Yosho continued to watch his grandson with a wary eye.  
He seemed...off, somehow.  He couldn't really say what it was.  His 
execution was usually dead on, but today it seemed a bit sloppy, and a 
little slow, but only so much that a true expert would be able to point it 
out.  He pondered what such a thing could mean.
	"Tenchi?"
	"Yes, Grandpa?" Tenchi asked stopping.
	"Why don't we spar now, you seam a little bored with this warm-up routine."
	"Okay, Grandpa." Tenchi said.  What Tenchi thought however was a completely 
different matter.  It went something like this.  'Great, I'm really gonna 
get hurt this time.  I can feel how much I'm off today!  Why me...?'
	Tenchi set up in a defensive stance across from his grandfather.  He knew 
this fight wasn't going to last long.  He just hoped his grandfather would 
put him out of his misery quickly.  His wish was granted.  Two minuets into 
the fight Yosho stood with hands on hips shaking his head over an 
unconscious Tenchi lying on the ground in a crumpled heap.
	"That was really pathetic boy." Yosho said talking to himself.  "You 
usually do so much better than that!  I suppose you'll have to work harder." 
  Yosho shook his head again and began to walk away, he would let Tenchi 
wake up on his own and discover where he had fallen and why, it was an 
important part of the training, making Tenchi aware he could die.
********
Ryoko awoke from her tear-induced slumber late in the evening; the sun had 
almost set all the way.  She was briefly confused as to her whereabouts, but 
as she became more awake she remembered where it was she had fallen asleep.  
She stood up and stretched her arms out over her head.  She hadn't slept 
well; the whole thing had been more of a long nightmare than a pleasant 
rest.  She thought again about the things Aeka had said about her, a demon, 
a monster.  Ryoko sighed, all she really was, after all was a heartless 
killing machine, a useful tool that Washu and Kagato had created.
	A tiny voice inside her told her to go back to the house.  Ryoko stubbornly 
resisted it.  The voice was her Zero side.  It was always telling her to 
subject herself to more punishment and pain, and then telling her to be weak 
about it.  Most of the time the Real Ryoko side complied with the Zero side 
with the going back, it had been Zero that had told Ryo-ohki she would stay. 
  Real Ryoko though, stood back and let her do it because, secretly, deep 
down she hadn't really wanted to leave.  Now, however, it was time again to 
take the punishment portion that always came, continuing at the Misaki 
residence with the full knowledge that Tenchi didn't love her.  It was going 
to be hard, but she would do it.  At least she would do it until she was 
sure Ryo-ohki wouldn't drag her back.
	She stretched out again, in a cat-like manner and yawned as she went to the 
entrance of the cave.  It was dark already.  <Gee, > she thought to herself. 
  <I didn't think that it was so late. >  Then it hit her, Tenchi would be 
home!  Her heart took a leap and she smiled.  She began to plan her course 
of action, pushing her previous melancholy thoughts out of her mind (Zero 
had won again).
	What would she do?  It was pretty late.  Tenchi might be in bed already.  
An even larger and more feline grin spread across her face and a strange 
gleam came to her eye.  She would teleport into his room, sans clothing, of 
course, and just crawl into bed with him, and then, well, then... she really 
didn't know what would happen then, something.  Ryoko was completely 
inexperienced when it came to such things.  She had never experienced them 
before.  She knew all the innuendo.  Some of the men that Kagato had her 
work with were of the worst sort.  They were actually her only basis of 
knowledge for the whole sex.
	They had always seemed to want her to do something with them; of course 
Ryoko had become very uncomfortable under their gazes and caresses and soon 
rid herself of the givers.  Kagato had never been interested in her.  Her 
hormones had at some point kicked in and she had once actually tried to 
seduce him, she couldn't help it, she was in heat, so to speak, but the 
beating she had received then was one of the worst she had ever gotten.  
After that she was twice as aggressive toward those who looked at her like 
that.  Much of her present information came from some of Tenchi's father's 
books; the ones on the top shelf.  There were some movies up there too, but 
she had never gotten around to watching them.
	These thoughts though brought her back to Aeka, and what she had said that 
afternoon.  She suddenly didn't feel like seducing Tenchi anymore, it was, 
after all annoying to be seduced by an old lady.  Ryoko decided she would 
take a walk up to the shrine; maybe she could sit with Yosho for a while.  
His presence always seemed to be calming.  She hopped he wouldn't try 
anything with her again though; she wasn't in as good a mood as she had been 
in last time.
	Ryoko made her way to the shrine steps.  She realized that it was extremely 
quite, then it dawned on her that it was because the carnival was over, 
there were no more crowds making noise in the clearing at the top of the 
stairs.  She was both sad and glad that it was over.  It had been so much 
fun while they had it, but she was also glad that there weren't going to be 
all those strangers around the shrine, all those large crowds had annoyed 
her.
	She looked up at the sky as she neared the top.  She looked at the stars.  
She loved stars, they were so beautiful, and from Earth they looked so 
peaceful.  She thought about the names and worlds of some of the stars, the 
places she had been to, the places she wanted to visit.  She wished Tenchi 
would go with her some day to see those places; so far his trips to space 
had been anything but pleasant.  He had spent his time fending off death, 
but someday she wanted to take him to some of the beautiful worlds she had 
seen in her days as Kagato's slave.  Surly in 700 years they had been able 
to build back up to their former glory.  She hoped they wouldn't recognize 
her.  She frowned; just another reason why Tenchi couldn't love her, she was 
responsible for taking out more worlds than the Great Universal Plague.
	She exhaled slowly, looking at the ground; she was so useless, absolutely 
good for nothing.  She began to walk across the shrine's courtyard, looking 
up at the stars.  She was half way across when she stumbled on something and 
fell over.  She looked back angrily; prepare to blast the offending object.  
She was just powering up when she realized what it was, it was Tenchi!  How 
had he gotten here?  Why was he here?
	"Tenchi?"  She asked.  "-Tenchi-!  Wake up!" she called, shaking him.  She 
looked around, she was starting to panic.  There was no one there.  She 
teleported into the shrine, Yosho wasn't there.  She teleported back to 
Tenchi and checked his pulse.  It was strong, she half smiled, at least he 
was still alive.  She thought about what she would do for a minuet, then 
grabbed Tenchi and teleported away.
**********
In the bushes Washu and Sasami smiled at each other.  The marking on 
Sasami's forehead symbol was not, however, the usual triangles.  They were 
now two dots, indicating Tsunami.
	"Well, Washu," Tsunami started.  "It would appear that our little plan is 
working."
	"Heh, heh.  Anything to help a goddess, ya know."  Washu allowed herself a 
full cackle, and then her face became serious.  "I want my daughter to be 
happy, Tsunami.  Make sure nothing hurts her, I don't want her to hurt any 
more."
	Tsunami nodded, don't worry, Little Washu.  Your daughter will be safe."
	Washu smiled and nodded, "I would hate to see how long the Goddess of Juri 
could stand up to the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe!"
	Tsunami gave a faint smile, so Washu hadn't gotten her memories back yet.  
It would definitely make things interesting when she did.  Imagine her ego 
then, the knowledge that she was a goddess coupled with the knowledge that 
she was the cutest, most genius scientist in the universe.  It certainly 
wouldn't be pretty.
*****************
Tenchi woke up in his bed, with his sleeping clothes on, with the distinct 
feeling that he was not alone.  Immediately he thought of Ryoko, he rolled 
over.  Well, at least she wasn't -in- his bed this time.  He needed to talk 
to her anyway.  He sat up and grabbed at his head.  It was pounding.  Why 
was his head pounding?
	He started to remember... his grandfather, the spar, him being hit in the 
head.  How had he gotten back to his room?  Who had changed his clothes?  He 
looked around, there, as he had expected, was Ryoko.  She was sitting on the 
floor, leaning against the bed, her head resting on top of her arms at the 
foot of the bed.  He was about to say something to her about how he didn't 
want her keeping watch over him at night when he realized that she was 
asleep.  He smiled a little, how was she going to 'protect' him if she was 
asleep.  He watched her.  She was so peaceful when she was asleep; it was 
hard to imagine that when she was awake she could cause so much trouble.  
She was, kinda cute...
	Tenchi mentally slapped himself.  What was he -thinking-?  He sighed and 
shook his head, he was hungry, he needed to eat something.  He started to 
leave, being very quiet so as to not wake up the sleeping girl at the foot 
of his bed.  He was almost out the door when he heard her stirring.
	"Tenchi?" she asked, she sounded a little sleepy.  Tenchi stopped dead in 
his tracks, now what was he going to do?  He turned around and smiled.   She 
wasn't awake, though, she had just shifted position.  This made him even 
more nervous.  She was talking about him in her sleep.  He was torn by 
several instincts.  The first was to run away so he wouldn't hear what she 
said, the other was to stay, and listen.  He was, after all curious, and a 
little flattered, and she -was- cute... ah!  Not again!  What was he 
-thinking-!
	In the end he decided to stay, at least for a few more minuets and see what 
it was she was talking about in her sleep.
	"Teenchii..." she said again.  This time it seemed rather, well... his hand 
went instinctively to his nose, she did have that rather feline smile on her 
face.  She continued.  "Tenchi...let me."  Again there was a pause.  Tenchi 
was getting very uncomfortable, he was just about to go when she began 
again.  "Tenchiii," she whined, "please let me..." Let you -what-!  Tenchi 
screamed in his head.  "Let me, let me...rub your feet!"
	Rub my -feet-!  That was the -last- thing he had expected.  He stood there 
in shock for a few seconds; apparently dream Tenchi had let Ryoko rub his 
feet because she was wearing a satisfied and content smile.  He shook his 
head and turned to go out the door for food, as he had originally planed and 
leave Ryoko to rubbing dream Tenchi's feet.
	He was almost out the door when she called his name again.  He was about to 
ignore her and continue on his mission to get dinner, as he thought she was 
still asleep, but she called him again.
	"Tenchi!  What are you doing up already!" she exclaimed in a loud whisper.
	"I'm hungry.  I woke up and I need some food now.  Ryoko," he added with a 
tone of seriousness, "how many times have I told you not to stay in my room 
all night?"
	She teleported right in front of him and semi-glomped him.  "I know 
Tenchi." She answered, "but I wanted to make sure that you were okay.  I 
wasn't going to stay all night, really!" she exclaimed, looking up at him 
with puppy dog eyes.  His face remained stern, but she looked at the ground 
and put her head on his chest.  "Besides," she softly continued, "after I 
found you knocked out cold near the shrine and brought you back here, I 
couldn't just leave you."
	Tenchi's stern look softened.  He had thought that his grandfather had 
brought him back to the house, but apparently it had been Ryoko.  He 
wondered how long he had been out there in the dark lying on the ground 
before Ryoko had found him.  He looked back down at her.  She had been 
worried about him, she had found him and brought him home and had taken care 
of him, during that time she had fallen asleep and had what she probably 
considered one of her best dreams, and she had been begging him to let her 
rub his -feet-.  She had been dreaming that Tenchi felt her worthy to rub 
his feet.  His look soon took on an expression of kindness.
	"I suppose it'll be okay if you watch over me -just- tonight, but don't 
make a habit of it." He smiled.  She was still holding onto him, she 
apparently didn't want to let go.  Tenchi briefly considered struggling, but 
decided against it.  She seemed so relaxed, and it seemed to make the 
general awfulness he had felt all day go away.  A rumble from his stomach 
brought him back to reality, however.
	"Uhmm, Ryoko?" he asked, trying to pry the girl from around his waist.  
"Let me go.  Let me get something to eat."  She loosened her hold.
	"You're hungry?" she asked.
	"Yeah, I'll be right back.  Nothing is going to happen to me downstairs.  
Just wait here, I'll be right back."
	"Let -me- get you something to eat, Tenchi.  Sasami has some leftovers in 
the oven.  I'll get them and be back before you know I'm gone, and" she 
added, "I don't think you should be up and around too much just yet.  You 
got a pretty nasty bump on your head."  With that she disappeared.
	Tenchi went back to his bed to lie down.  He was feeling a little fuzzy.  
Might as well let her have her way; she was only thinking of what would be 
best for him, after all.  He looked at his alarm clock, 3:00 am.  He let out 
a sigh just as Ryoko rematerialized at the head of the bed.  She sat down 
next to where Tenchi was propped up in bed and set the tray she had brought 
up with her on his lap.
	He started on the food ravenously.  His hunger was soon satiated and he 
glanced up at Ryoko, as she was still sitting on his bed.  She was looking 
at him, a dreamy, far off look in her eyes.  She snapped back to reality saw 
him looking at her and blushed a little.  The blush threw Tenchi off.
	"Ryoko, I don't think I've ever seen you blush like that before." He said, 
with a hint of amusement.  "What was it you were thinking about, huh?" he 
asked, expecting her to get mad.  The reaction was typically un-Ryoko.  It 
was a deeper blush.  Tenchi decided to change the subject, he'd wanted to 
talk to her about her 'date' with Asamasagi, he had been meaning to all day. 
  "You know, Ryoko," he began, "tonight you have your date with Asamasagi."  
Immediately her mood darkened.  She frowned and looked away from Tenchi.  "I 
want to thank you for doing this.  It's very kind of you."  She still didn't 
look at him.  He put his hand on her shoulder, trying to comfort her; the 
date would not be fun for her at all.  "I'll be there, too." Tenchi 
continued.  She looked at him questioningly.  "Yeah, Asamasagi said he was 
nervous and asked me to go with him, like on a double date."
	Ryoko looked even more puzzled, then a realization hit her.  A -double- 
date.  "You mean I go on a date with both Asamasagi -and- you at the same 
time!" she asked, a little spark of hope and joy making itself present in 
her yellow eyes.
	Now Tenchi had a problem, he hadn't realized it when he had started the 
conversation, but it hit him like a ton of bricks -now-.  "No, not -exactly- 
like that."  He gave a lame little laugh, now he had to tell her what a 
double date really was.  "A double date is when two -couples- go out 
together.  Your date will still be with Asamasagi, but I'll be there with 
someone else, -my- date."
	What Ryoko had spent the whole of the last day convincing herself of was 
finally happening.  What she had thought she had convinced herself 
thoroughly of the previous day still came as a shock to her.  She visibly 
deflated.
	"Oh" was all she could say.  Her eyes told Tenchi the whole story.
	"Don't worry, Ryoko," he said, making an effort to ease her fears a little. 
  Even if he wasn't sure who he loved, or if he loved anyone at all, he 
certainly didn't want to see her hurt.  "One date does not seal someone's 
fate and attach them to that one person forever.  It's just a trial, is all, 
to see if you think you would be able to live with, and start a family with 
that person.  If you decide you don't like the person you go out with you 
just don't go out with them again."
	That seemed to calm her a little, not nearly as much as Tenchi had hoped it 
would have soothed her, but every little bit counted.
	"Who are you going to take, Tenchi?" she asked.  He had known that one was 
coming, though.
	"Who do you want me to take?" he asked her back seriously.  She leaned over 
him and rested her head on his chest.
	"Me."
	He smiled at her answer.  "But, Asamasagi's taking you.  I have to take 
someone else."
	She frowned again.  Tenchi couldn't see her face, but he could feel the 
frown in his chest.
	"How about Washu?" Tenchi asked her.  "She seems, for the most part, pretty 
neutral, or how about Mihoshi?  You don't ever seem threatened by either of 
them.  Ryoko hated the thought of Washu having Tenchi.  She would gloat for 
days over the mental link.  Mihoshi, though, she didn't seem like a bad 
choice.  She would certainly provide some entertainment, and after one 
evening with Mihoshi, Tenchi would never want another.
	"Try Mihoshi first." Ryoko finally told him.  "Washu would gloat too much."
	"Washu never comes out of her lab!" Tenchi protested, "How would she 
gloat?"
	Ryoko tapped her head.  "Mind link, remember?"
	"Oh," Tenchi replied.  He noticed she was starting to doze off again.  He 
shook her gently.  "Ryoko," he whispered.  "Go to bed.  I'll be fine, you 
need some sleep, I think."
	"No, Tenchi," came her answer.   "I'm not going to leave you, I want to 
watch over you."
"Ryoko..." Tenchi half warned.
"You said I could tonight." she whined.
	It was somehow both touching and sad to see her devotion.  He couldn't 
think of anything really special he had done to deserve the devotion she 
gave him.  True he had saved her from Kagato and Clay, but she seemed ready 
to go to hell and back for him, if only he would give her a little 
attention.  It was unnatural. But then, what was natural about Ryoko anyway? 
  Her hair was blue and spiky, she had yellow, cat eyes, she could generate 
energy and use it as a weapon, she was -created- in a tank using a creature 
called Massu and one of Washu's egg cells, she could fly, she could walk 
through walls, she could punch holes in the ceiling, she could teleport, and 
he had been told (by Washu) that she could split herself into two people, 
both who looked and acted like her, and carried out her will.  Where, in 
that entire list was there something 'natural', and that didn't even -begin- 
to cover her personality.
	"Then let me get you a futon," he argued.
	She thought about that for a minuet.  It seemed acceptable.  She would take 
the offer.  "Alright Tenchi, but can I ask you a favor?"
	Immediately Tenchi tensed.  Ryoko smiled to herself, he was so cute when he 
got like this.  "Would you let me have your pillow and blanket?"
	Tenchi blinked a little in surprise.  He had sort of expected something 
different, not that there was anything wrong with her request, he just 
expected something different from her.  She had been acting very odd lately. 
  "Sure, Ryoko, listen, why don't you sleep in the bed, and I'll sleep on 
the futon, okay."
	She smiled like he had given her a bucket full of diamonds.  "Do you mean 
it Tenchi?  Really!  That would be wonderful!  Thank you! Thank you!"  She 
had firmly attached herself around his waist.
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi managed to wheeze.  "To...tight...I..can't...breath!"
	"I'm so sorry Tenchi, really!" she said, a bit of the normal everyday Ryoko 
popping up trough her depression.
	"It's okay." Tenchi assured her.  "You get into bed, I'm going to get the 
futon."
	The futon was soon set up and Tenchi was installed in it.  He was just 
getting to sleep when Ryoko called him.  Her voice was soft and sad, she was 
worried about something.  Tenchi assumed it was the date that was still 
bothering her.
	"Go to sleep, Ryoko.  Don't worry about that date.  I told you that I was 
going to make it up to you.  Behave tomorrow, and I'll take -just you- out 
next Friday, after my exams are over."  Ryoko smiled, she had just wanted to 
tell him good night, but she could handle this.  Tenchi could sense she was 
smiling, so he decided he would continue in the same fashion.  "I'll have 
all afternoon off, too, so you can come meet me after school and we'll go to 
the zoo, and we might go see a movie, and of course, we'll have dinner 
together.  Where do you think you might want to eat, Ryoko?"
	There was no answer.
	"Ryoko?"  Tenchi sat up and looked in his bed.  She was already asleep.  He 
was a little curious as to what she was wearing.  He'd never seen her asleep 
before, except when she catnapped downstairs on the beam, or when she had 
passed out on the couch after drinking too much sake.  He really hoped she 
was wearing something.  He peered over the bed.  There she was, wearing a 
T-shirt.  Wait a minuet!  That's one of my T-shirts!  Oh, I hope she changes 
out of that before she goes down stairs or Aeka's gonna kill me.  He gave a 
little sigh, might as well let her have her fun.
	"I don't really think this constitutes as being good, Ryoko," he whispered. 
  She rolled over in response.  He gave her one last smile and laid back 
down on his futon and fell asleep.
*********
Washu worked away in her lab.  She had been monitoring Tenchi's health all 
night.  She had been able to pick up trough Ryoko that he had been injured 
so she had turned her spy cameras on for that section of the house.  She had 
known that Ryoko would stay with Tenchi, but some of the things she said and 
did, and more importantly -how- she had said them and done them had Washu 
thinking.  She knew that something was bothering her.  She had been able to 
sense that for some time now.  She had seen the video of Ryoko and Aeka's 
fight from the previous day.  It didn't seem to be any more intense than any 
of the other fights they had had.  Aeka frequently called Ryoko names and 
put her down, just as Ryoko called Aeka names and put her down.  This time, 
though, they had gotten to Ryoko.  What would make them get to her like 
that?  The girl was tough skinned when it came to insults, no one, except 
Sasami and Tenchi, really felt badly when someone threw a cutting remark 
Ryoko's direction.  She would get angry and she would yell a bit, but then 
she would calm down and be ready to take the next volley someone would throw 
at her.
	Insults had never affected Ryoko before; she was still too much under the 
remains of Kagato's lessons to really show her vulnerable side.  Perhaps the 
Zero side had taken more control than Washu had previously thought possible. 
  Ryoko's life base was the Massu, perhaps Zero's will was stronger than 
that of the original Ryoko, and as a result the Zero-Ryoko had main control 
as the True Ryoko had taken up a lesser position like what Washu had 
intended for the Zero-Ryoko.  Another possible hypothesis was that the True 
Ryoko had a huge soft spot that Zero-Ryoko brought out, making Ryoko -very- 
vulnerable.  This latter idea was the one toward which Washu was inclined.  
Kagato's lessons had been very difficult for her to learn at first because 
of her emotional side.  He had said in the beginning that she was 
'defective' because she had such a side.  Washu, however, had thought it was 
wonderful.  She had been excited that the person she created could have a 
full range of emotions; it would make her a much better replacement for her 
son.
	Washu lost herself in the memories of the processes she and Kagato had gone 
through to create their little Ryoko.  Washu had been very fond of Kagato.  
He had been her best and brightest student, far out pacing all of the 
others.  One day he had convinced her to leave with him, to embark on a 
voyage of discovery throughout the universe.  One of the things he had 
wanted to study had been the Space Trees of Juri, and the legends of 
Tsunami.  Washu had been, at first, reluctant.  She was deep in 
experimentation on the three gems that would one day become Ryoko's power 
source.  Kagato had offered to help her, and when they discovered the power 
the gems could harness decided to try to create a vessel that could hold the 
gems and use their power.  They soon decided that only a life form could 
handle the energy.  Washu built the Soja in a 100-year break while she was 
deciding what to use as a life base.
	Upon completion of the Soja she and Kagato left the Science Academy to 
search for possible samples.  They found one, the Massu.  It was a small, 
simple creature, but it had extraordinary abilities.  They soon discovered 
that the masses could gather energy and send it as projectiles.  Washu began 
to experiment with the Massu and a mineral life form, and so Ryo-ohki had 
been born.  Washu still wanted to use the gems in a life form though.  
Ryo-ohki, however, was unable to assimilate with the gems.  Kagato suggested 
Washu try a human form.  It was about this time that she began to notice a 
change in her assistant, though.  His hair, which had previously been a 
light blue, was begging to turn gray.  He had had yellow eyes before, but 
now they seemed to have and almost reddish tint to the and the yellow that 
had previously been his eye color seemed to be slowly leaking into the 
whites of his eyes.  Washu, though, being absorbed in her work, didn't seem 
to notice the changes.
	Washu took a picture from out of her hair.  In it was herself, in her 
Science Academy uniform, a tall man with light blue hair tied back, but with 
long strands coming down from in front of his ears.  They both had smiles on 
their faces and seemed very happy.  Washu had in her arms a small bundle 
which looked to be all mouth, but upon closer examination a shock of light 
blue hair arranged in spikes could be seen, and peeking out from the blanket 
was an arm, in the wrist of which could be seen a ruby-red gem glittering in 
the artificial light of the interior of a lab.
	The bundle was Ryoko, the man was Kagato.  In this picture they looked very 
much alike.  Washu had never told Ryoko, but biologically Kagato was her 
father.  Washu had used her egg cell and one of the 'samples' she had 
extracted from Kagato, along with the masses to create the creature that was 
now known as Ryoko Hakubi.  Washu was never going to tell her either, she 
could not picture a situation in which she would tell her little Ryoko her 
true family tree.  Child abuse is a horrible thing and it had started for 
Ryoko at about the age of eight, when whatever dark power that had been 
eating at Kagato's soul had completely won over.  Kagato had needed a tool, 
a weapon to help him gain the universe's ultimate power, and Ryoko, built 
for power, could provide just that.  He soon learned he could get into her 
mind and control her or administer pain, or pleasure as the situation arose. 
  He would use the physical abuse to test how well her self-healing system 
worked, and in conjunction with the pain he could cause through manipulation 
of her mind, it was a wonderful way to punish her when she chose to defy his 
will, or to show her that he was the master.  He always found it amusing to 
suppress her powers, it was another form of mental anguish he could cause as 
his reason for suppressing them tended to be so that he could beat her.
	Washu shuddered as she remembered those things.  She had seen them trough 
her daughter's eyes as she was trapped, helpless in a crystal in the bottom 
dimension of the Soja.  She hadn't been able to help her daughter when she 
needed her most, and now, it was too late.  Kagato had taken her second 
child away from her, but maybe it would be possible to get her back.
	Washu put the picture back into her hair and sighed.  It would be nice to 
have -her- Ryoko back.  She had thought that Zero would revert her back to 
her former self.  It seemed, now, that it was working.  Ryoko -had- managed 
to win some points with Tenchi, the only being other than Ryo-ohki that she 
loved.  Maybe Tenchi could succeed where Washu had failed with her daughter. 
  She just hoped that someday she would be healed.  She sighed and went back 
to her holo-top.

