Disclaimer: I don't own these characters, so don't kill me 4 writing a fan fic.
The next chapter, enjoy!

 

 

                                                         The miracle

                                                               

 

 

            It had been about ten years since the death of Ryoko. Aeka had 
fallen in love with a man named Hatshibio. Tenchi considered Rumiya his
son ever since he had been calling him dad. His hair was about a hand's length 
long, and it was just as spiky as Ryoko's. It was the exact
same color of Ryoko's. He was a bit short for his age, but not tiny. Every day 
he practiced using his powers with Tenchi in the yard. All he
could do was form an energy sword and fly. Washu said that when he got older, 
he'd have all of Ryoko's abilities except for hair needles.
She also said that he'd be able to create the light hawk wings. Everybody pretty 
much looked the same since they all aged very slow. Except
for Tenchi, who was just a bit taller. Washu still worked to form a miracle cure 
to bring her daughter back to life, but was having no luck. The
computer still blinked ƒ?~INCOMPLETE'. Washu was coming out of the lab more 
often now to play with Ru. Sasamie stayed with the Masaki
"family" to cook and things. She gave Ru cooking lessons every so often. 

 

            One day as Sasamie was cooking, Washu was working on that miracle 
formula that would bring back Ryoko. Everyone was just sitting
down at the table. Ru sat where his mother used to. Ru went to school everyday 
except for the weekends and was just entering the fifth grade. At
that time, the school was out for the summer. Mihoshie was visiting for a while 
also. "Mihoshie, could you please go get Washu? Her dinner will
get cold if she isn't up here in a few minutes," asked Sasamie. "Sure!" 

(Back in Washu's lab)

 

            Washu was trying different formulas when she heard a nock on the 
door. Naturally she thought it was Tenchi. "Come in," she said.
To her dismay, Mihoshie walked in. "Ooooooh, what's this?" she asked as she 
walked towards the glass tubes. "Mihoshie, no!"
Washu cried as Mihoshie walked towards her experiments to bring Ryoko back to 
life. "Ahhhhhh!" Mihoshie tripped and fell onto the table
supporting the tubes that were holding different substances. BOOM. * cough cough 
* "Mihoshie, what have you done?!" "I'm
s-s-s-soooorrrrryyy!" Mihoshie started to cry. As Washu was trying to comfort 
Mihoshie and clean up at the same time she glanced at the
computer screen and almost fell over. The screen flashed ƒ?~COMPLETE'. She 
looked around the table for some mixed substances to be in.
There. There was a small glass bowl with a few different mixtures in it. 
"Mihoshie, I think you may have brought Ryoko back to lifeƒ?Ý"
Washu breathed as she stood up and never took her eyes off that screen. "What?" 
asked Mihoshie. Washu explained and then pointed to
the computer screen. They then both jumped for joy. First Washu tested it on a 
bug. It worked! Now a bigger creature. She got a mouse. It
worked! Bigger. A sheep. (don't ask me how she got a sheep, she pulled it out of 
mid-air) It worked!! She then tested it on her daughter. Both
her and Mihoshie held their breath. Ryoko's eye's fluttered. She sat up. "Ohhh. 
My headƒ?Ý" she said as she looked around.
"Where am I? Mom? Mihoshie?" Washu explained everything to her daughter and 
continued with a fierce hug. "So lemme get this strait. I
am back from the dead." Washu and Mihoshie nodded. Ryoko then fainted. 
"Mihoshie, go eat before the food gets cold. And not a word
about Ryoko!" Mihoshie nodded with a huge grin on her face. As soon as Ryoko 
woke back up her and Washu walked out of the lab and down to
the table. "Hi Washu." Tenchi said as she sat down at the table. Sasamie looked 
up. She saw Ryoko but couldn't believe it. "Ohhh
myƒ?Ý. Uh. T-t-t-tenchi, Ru, Mihoshie, Aeyka you better look at whose visiting 
us today." They all looked up. Aeka fainted, Ru just had a
confused look on his face, Mihoshie grinned, and Tenchi stood up. "Oh my god. It 
can't beƒ?Ý" he said. Tenchi touched her face. Ryoko
then said, " I'll tell you something my Tenchi, you know the carnival comes and 
goes, but if you wait for a while it'll always come back
to you, Tenchi," she said with a smile. Remembering the last time she said that 
Tenchi said, " It really is you!" and kissed her on the
spot. "Uh, dad, who is this?" Ru asked. "Oh my. Ru, you've grown." Ryoko said as 
she smiled at him. "Ru," said Tenchi,
"that's your mother." Ru just stared with his mouth open. "Where else did you 
think you got that hair? Washu?" Ryoko asked him
playfully. Seeing all this Sasamie jumped up and gave Ryoko a fierce hug. "Geez 
I've missed you!" "Told you I'd be just fine
kiddo." Aeyka was being revived by Mihoshie. "Okay," Ru started, "If you're my 
mom, prove it." Tenchi had never really said
that much about Ryoko in front of Ru, so he wouldn't confuse him. Now he wished 
he did. Ryoko just shrugged. "That's my boy." She
said. She quickly rose into the air, which surprised Ru, but not too much since 
he could also do that. "Hey, that's not enough, look. I can do
that too," he said. He also rose into the air. Ryoko just smiled. "Where'd you 
think you got it from?" Ru looked dumbfounded but
Ryoko went on anyway. "Let me guess, you can shoot balls of energy and form an 
energy sword." Ryoko formed her energy sword just to
demonstrate. Ru also formed his, but it wasn't orange. It was green. "I like 
that color," Ryoko told him. "What else has he learned,
Tenchi?" Ryoko called to him. "Nothing else yet," he responded. "Well, Ru, can 
you do this?" she asked and went through a wall.
When she came back, she teleported from one side of him to the other. She then 
made double of herself. She then took him outside. She
summoned a demon from a rock and made it do back-flips. (Tenchi had given her 
all the gems back when she died.) She then dismissed it.
"Wanna see more?" she asked the astounded child. "Can I do all that?" Ru asked 
her. "Of course! You are my son." Ru clapped
and said, "Teach me!!" Everybody had come outside earlier and were now laughing. 
Washu went back into her lab to run some tests. She
was looking at the computer screen. It read: Health: 100, Power: 96,and so on. 
Then she saw something and gasped. It said: Life span: 1 week.
Washu almost broke down into tears right then and there. "I knew it was too good 
to be true!" she yelled at herself. She ran some test and
found that there was one week out of the year that Tenchi could pick to be with 
Ryoko. She rushed outside. "Everybody! Come quick!
There's something I need to show you all." They all went into her lab. Washu 
showed them and Tenchi and  Ru began to cry. "But I like
my mommy!" Ru sobbed. "We all do, Ru, but isn't this better than never knowing 
her?" Ru nodded. "Tenchi, each year, you may
pick one week and you may spend that week with Ryoko," Washu told her. Tenchi 
nodded. "Hey all! Why so glum? Lets go have some fun
before the week ends!" Ryoko shouted. They all cheered. Everybody went down to 
the living room to fill Ryoko in on what had happened the
last ten years. Ryoko listened carefully. After that they all went to see a 
movie and go shopping. It was getting a bit late. Everybody went to bed
except for Ryoko, Ru, and Tenchi. Tenchi and Ryoko coached their son on how to 
transport from one place to another. In about an hour, he had it
down. "But what will we do about gems?" asked Tenchi. "I can handle that." Washu 
said. "Washu? I didn't notice you standing
there!" Washu just smiled and began to explain, "I can make gems for Ru. He 
won't be as powerful as his mother until he's about 200
years old. So about when he looks sixteen." At the sound of 200 years, Ru's eyes 
widened with shock. He had been used to the normal
earth years and life span. They all chuckled a bit and decided to go to bed.

 

            "Ryoko, you can sleep with me if you want." Tenchi said. Ryoko 
smiled and they went into Tenchi's room. "I've missed
you SO much Ryoko." Tenchi told his love. He gave her a long passionate kiss. 
They got into bed and Ryoko fell asleep with Tenchi's are
around her.

            

            The next morning, Ryoko was the first to wake up. Then Ru. "Hey 
mom," he said. "Hm?" "Will you spar me?" he asked.
"If you want," Ryoko replied with a shrug. They went outside. Ru stood in 
battle-ready stance. "You know mom, I might be stronger than
you think. No one bullies me at school. They know the consequences." Ryoko 
smiled at her son. "Do you know what I did in my early
life?" Ru shook his head. "No, what?" "I was controlled like a slave by a wicked 
man named Kagato. While my friends were in school, I
was out killing people by the thousands. You don't think I can? Let me show you 
then." Ryoko took something out of her pocket. "Washu
gave me this," she said. "It's a machine that projects an image in mid-air. 
Would you like to see me in my "teen years"?" Ru
nodded, though he wasn't so sure that he should. He and Ryoko sat down on a 
rock. She then projected a scene where she was on Jurai.
Killing thousands. "Turn it off! I can't watch anymore!" screamed her son. Ryoko 
gave him a big hug. "Don't worry, Kagato's
gone." He nodded and got into a battle-ready stance one again. Ryoko stood 
there, and waited for his attack. "Aren't you going to get
ready for my attack?" he asked. "I am ready," she replied. Ru shrugged and 
charged her, forming his energy sword. At the last second,
Ryoko teleported right behind him, grabbed a stick and tapped him once on his 
side, and once on his head. "I win," she said. He couldn't
believe what had just happened. "You know you probably would be dead," she said. 
"Oh Ryoooookkkooooooooo. I have something for you
to give to Ruuuuuuuu," Washu called. She pulled from her pocket three blue gems. 
"What are those for?" asked Ru. "Well you see Ru,
you can do some awesome stuff if you wear all three gems. Most of the same stuff 
that Ryoko can do. Plus create light hawk wings." Ru
nodded and put them on like his mother's. "C'mon Ru, lets go for a walk," Ryoko 
suggested. "Okay." As they walked through
the woods, Ru began to ask questions. "Hey mom, how exactly did you die?" "Here, 
lemme show you," Ryoko replied. She pulled out
the thing that she had showed her being controlled by Kagato. Ryoko typed a few 
numbers and it showed her dying. As Ru watched the monster
scratch open Ryoko's throat, he glanced at her neck. It had three big scars from 
where the belanger's claws made contact. He shuttered
and rubbed his neck. He kept on watching. Now he was watching his own mother 
die. There was the part where Sasamie was being comforted,
now Aeka was apologizing. The next part made Ru's eyes water. Ryoko was saying 
good-bye to the only friends and family she ever had. Then
she died. Ru then realized that he was standing next to a person who had done it 
all. He just realized how cool his mom actually was. She had been
a space pirate, gone to more galaxies than he could probably count, and died. A 
thought just struck his mind. How did she get from one galaxy to
the next? "Hey mom?" he asked. "Did you have a spaceship?" "Why yes I did. I 
wonder where Ryo-oki is?" Ryoko then started
to float back to the house. Ru caught up with her. "What did it look like?" he 
asked excitedly. He was the only guy in school that he knew of
that had a mom who owned a spaceship. "I'll show you," she told Ru. "Washu! 
Where are you?" Washu appeared out of nowhere.
"Yes?" "Where's Ryo-oki?" Ryoko asked. "Oh! Why she's down in the lab! I forgot 
to activate her! You see when you
died," Ryoko sweat dropped at that. Washu continued on. "Ryo-oki became kind of 
depressed. Well, not kind of. Really depressed. Even
though Sasamie was there and all, she said it just wasn't the same without you." 
Ryoko stopped her. "Wait a second she told you? Last
time I checked all she did was meowed." "Your spaceship meowed?" Ru asked, 
greatly confused. "Yeah." Ru just shrugged.
He'd find out more sooner or later. "So continuing on with my story," Washu said 
with an annoyed voice. "Oh, and to answer your
question, Ryoko, I updated her, and now you and me have a mental link with her." 
"Oh great," Ryoko sighed. "Now, where was I? Oh
yes. She asked me to put her to sleep. No no! Like really. She had full 
confidence in me and asked me to wake her when you came back to life,
Ryoko." "Lets go get her!" Ryoko said enthusiastically. "Fine with me." Ryoko 
grabbed both their hands and teleported them down
to the lab. Washu walked over to a capsule. She pressed a button and it opened. 
She shook the sleeping cabbit. "Meow?" Ryo-oki looked
around. Upon seeing Ryoko she got up and jumped into her arms. "That's your 
spaceship? Umƒ?Ý how do you ride it?" Ru asked,
completely dumbfounded. Washu and Ryoko burst out laughing. "C'mon kid, I'll 
show you." Ryoko, Ru, and Washu all walked outside.
"You still remember how to do this?" Ryoko asked the cabbit. ~yep!~ Ryoko wasn't 
ready for the voice in her head. "Okay!" she
said, and tossed Ryo-oki into the air. Instantly the little cabbit turned into a 
spaceship. Ru gasped. "C'mon Ru, lets take her for a spin!"
Ru just grinned and nodded. Ryoko transported them onto the spaceship. As they 
were flying around, Tenchi and the others were just waking up.
They looked around for Ryoko. Sasamie saw them flying around in Ryo-oki. She 
motioned everybody to come outside. After waiting five minutes,
Ryo-oki was a cabbit again and begging for carrots. Sasamie was fixing 
breakfast, Mihoshie was watching tv, Washu was in her lab doing only God
knows what. Aeka, Tenchi, and Ryoko were taking a walk. Well not really a walk, 
Ryoko just flew them up to the roof so they could all talk. "I
can't believe you diedƒ?Ý" Aeka started. "Yeah, you should have seen all of us 
those few weeks after your death," Tenchi added in.
"I can't believe that stupid lizard killed me!" Ryoko shouted. "Because of that 
lizard snake thing, I missed seeing my little boy grow
up!" Tenchi smiled. "Ryoko, if it wasn't for Rumiya, then I don't think we could 
have made it. We all confided in him." Aeka nodded
in agreement. "So, when will I be back next year? I'd like it to be around a 
holiday," Ryoko asked. "It's so unfair. I wish you could
stay alive forever. I can't take just one week out of the year!" Aeka said. "Hey 
princess, just think of all the times you tried to kill
me," Ryoko smirked. Aeka smiled. "I suppose you're right." Tenchi stood up and 
stretched. "Wow," he said, "I can't
believe I'm seeing your face again! Washu really is a genius!" Ryoko began to 
laugh. She told them all about the Mihoshie story. "Wow, I
guess Mihoshie really is good for something." 

 

            As the week ended, it came time for Ryoko to die again. "I don't 
want you to die mom! I want you to stay here, and teach me how
to go through walls!" Ru said, trying not to cry. Ryoko was on the couch. "Don't 
worry! I'll be back next year! And maybe one day,
I'll be able to stay forever!" She turned and said goodbye to everybody. 
"Mihoshie? Maybe sometime next year, while Washu is working
up something to make me stay more than a week you couldƒ?Ý uhƒ?Ý kinda wander 
into the labƒ?Ý and walk around that table with the shiny
tubesƒ?Ý" Everybody laughed at that. "Aeka? Good luck with that new boy friend 
of yours." Ryoko winked at Aeka and everybody
giggled. "Sasamie? When I come back next year, promise to teach me how to cook?" 
Sasamie nodded through tears. "Washu? Don't
kill everyone with one of your crazy inventions!" Everyone laughed a bit. 
"Tenchi? I love you, and I want you to pick a good time for me to
visit next year!" "I love you too Ryoko." Ryoko turned to her son. "Ru? You be 
good. Not just at home, but at school too. Remember
this: Always use those powers of yours for good. And if someone is bullying you, 
you tell me, so I can teach you how to kick their butt!" Tenchi
cleared his throat. Ryoko winked at her son. As she went into Washu's lab to 
take her long nap, Ryo-oki started to scratch at her leg. "Oh!
How could I forget my spaceship?" ~I like that little boy! Can I take him on 
rides?~ asked the cabbit. ~Sure, but if you kill himƒ?Ý~ Ryoko gave
Ryo-oki a look. <you know what look I mean. That one your mom gives you when she 
says wear your helmet when you ride or bike or elseƒ?Ý>
Right before she reached the door she turned around. "Good-bye everyone! See you 
next year!" and she went into the lab.

***(half a year later)

            Ru sat in school. He wished to be with Ryo-oki right now, flying 
around. Even though the rules were he couldn't go past the moon, he
still like zooming around Earth's atmosphere. He stared out the window. Ryo-oki 
had become kind of like his dog. She was always there waiting
for him after school and he always gave her his carrot from his lunch. Ru looked 
around his classroom. He was doodling on a piece of notebook
paper. He had a picture of him and Sasamie. (they played together a lot. Even 
though she was 500 + years older than him, she was still a little kid,
and resembled the same age) Another was of him and the rest of his family, minus 
his mom. He had a separate picture for her. She was truly the
coolest mom in the history of the universe. He also had a picture of just Ryo-
oki. Ru hated to admit, but he was by far the best artist in the
school. BRIIIING! *Finally! Reses! * he thought. He waited for his class to rush 
by and then he walked out the door. When he reached the
playground, he stretched. "Hey! Ru! Get over here!" yelled one of his friends. 
His best friend actually. Now that he thought about it, he was
his only friend in the whole school. No body else really understood him. Ru was 
one of the only kids with powers. His friend was a transfer from
America named Blake. Blake thought his powers were cool, and had a few of his 
own. He could read minds, go back in time (but not far. A day at
the most) and he could turn invisible. They both envied each other of their 
powers. Only Blake knew out of his whole school that his mom's
cabbit could turn into a spaceship. "Hey Ru, you want to get together tomorrow? 
I was thinking we could hang out at your house after school
since I've never been there," Blake asked him. Now that Ru thought about it, 
Blake was right. Ru always went to Blake's house, but
Blake never came to his. "Okay! That'd be great! I'll call you when I get home! 
I'm sure it's okay with my dad." "Cool.
Your dad is so awesome! My dad just sits around the house all day when he's not 
at work." Blake and Ru walked off towards the fence to
watch the bigger guys and tomboys play soccer. "I have to warn you though," Ru 
started, "My house doesn't have your normal
family members." Blake started to ask what was so weird about them but was 
interrupted by a soccer ball flying their way. Blake gave it a kick
that sent it half way across the field. "You really should play," Ru said. Blake 
shrugged. Blake was probably one of the best players at that
school, but never played. He said it was boring, and he'd rather go flying in a 
certain cabbit spaceship. Ru had laughed at that. TWEEEET! That
meant reses was over. Blake and Ru were in different homerooms, so they went 
their separate ways. After science came lunch. Blake and Ru sat
together at the end of a table, with all the other fifth grade boys. They talked 
about different things, being careful not to mention anything
abnormal about themselves. Nobody knew about Blake's powers, and Blake felt some 
need to keep them hidden. Lunch was over all too soon,
and Blake and Ru went back to rotting through class.

 

            Back at the Masaki house things were going normally. Tenchi was out 
in the fields, Mihoshie was watching Space Police Policemen. Aeka
was gardening, and Sasamie was sweeping. Yosho was in the shrine. Tenchi's 
father was out of town. Ryo-oki was taking a nap and Washu
was in her lab. 

(in Washu's lab)

            Washu was watching Ru rot through class. She was also working on 
different mixtures that would keep Ryoko alive for the remainder of
time, but as usual, having no luck. Washu was also silently celebrating the fact 
that Ru finally got Blake over to their house. She knew the real
reason Blake hadn't been here before. Ru was embarrassed about his family. Washu 
couldn't blame him. Their family was pretty messed up.
She wondered when Ru would tell Blake about his mom. 

***(lets skip forward to the next day, after school. Blake and Ru are heading to 
the Masaki residence.)

 

            As the two friends walked to Ru's house, Ru was explaining about the 
different people who were living there, and how to act around
them. "Basically," Ru told Blake, " you can act pretty normal around them. Give 
Aeka a bit more respect since she's a princess and
all. Don't be fooled by Sasamie's appearance, she's really 500 + years old. Same 
with Washu. She'll probably greet you in her kid
form. Just say it's an honor to meet the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe. She'll leave you alone then. Just say hi to Mihoshie, and
she'll go back to watching tv." Blake took all this in and nodded. He was 
getting exited about meeting such an interesting family. As they
got there Ryo-oki ran down the long flight of steps to greet them. Ru pulled out 
a carrot. "Hey Ryo-oki! How come we missed you at
school?" Ryo-oki began to explain. "Meow miya miya me-" "Okay, we get it!" Ru 
laughed. By now they were at the house. Ru
opened the door. Sasamie stood in the kitchen, getting ingredients out for 
dinner. "Oh!" she said. "You must be Blake! Pleased to meet
you! Will you be staying for dinner?" Ru whispered, "Say yes! You don't know 
what you're missing if you don't" Blake nodded
at Sasamie. "Great!" she said. They walked past Mihoshie, who was too involved 
in the tv show that she didn't notice them. Before they
started heading upstairs to Ru's room, Washu appeared in front of them. "And you 
were planning to introduce usƒ?Ýwhen?!" she asked,
pretending to be mad. Blake luckily remembered his lines. "It's such an honor to 
be meeting the greatest scientific genius in the whole
universe!" he said as he bowed. Washu beamed and seemed to accept that. She 
disappeared. They made it to Ru's room without anymore
trouble. "We made it without something being blown up!" Ru said happily. "That 
went better than expected!" Blake just laughed. He
then went to examine a bunch of different gadgets that Washu had given Ru. 
"What's this?" he asked. Ru went to grab it but in doing so
it fell on the floor. Unfortunately, that thing was the little gismo that played 
things in mid-air. The same thing Ryoko used to show Ru her death. Or
one of them anyway. It turned on. "Oh no," Ru whispered. "Wow, cool!" Blake said 
as he began to watch the playing of Ryoko's
death. "That's Ryoko, the dreaded space pirate! I didn't know they made a movie 
about her!" Blake shouted as he sat down to
watch. "Hey! That looks like that Aeka lady! And that's Tenƒ?Ýchi," he said as 
he began to realize the truth. "Ru? This isn't a
movie, is it? Is this real?" Ru nodded. "Yes. It all happened in our yard." 
Blake's face lit up. "You knew Ryoko? That is so cool!
How do you know her?" Ru looked at Blake with a serious face. "Blake, it's time 
I told you the truth. She's my mom." Blake
started to laugh but then stopped when he saw the serious look on Ru's face. Ru 
pointed to the screen. "She was pregnant with me at the
time." They both turned to watch Ryoko save Tenchi and die. Blake was in tears 
at the end. Ru wasn't on account of he watched this a lot
to remind him of his mom. "I can't believe she's your mom!" Ru gave Blake a look 
and said, " How else do you think I got this blue
hair?" Ru grinned. "And you know what else?" he asked Blake. "I get to spend one 
week with her a year! Washu can bring her back
from the dead! You can meet her! Dad says that he'll probably have her visit 
around Christmas next time." Blake gave Ru a look that said,
ƒ?~I don't believe you, and I think you went crazy.' "You don't believe me? 
Fine. I'll have you over next Christmas and then you
can meet my mom." After that they hung out, listened to music, and messed with 
some of the gadgets Washu had given Ru. As they were
doing this, Washu walked in. "So Blake, I see you like some of my inventions. I 
also see that you two are good friends. Here, take these. I think
you'll like them." She handed them things that hooked on your wrist like a 
watch, but had a tiny screen on it. "Think of them as an early
birthday present from your mom, since she won't be here for it." Blake and Ru 
tried them out. They were like walkie-talkies but you could
also see the person. "Cool! Thanks Washu!" "Yeah thanks! These are awesome!" The 
two boys then went around the house trying
them out.

***(day before school lets out for Christmas break, the following year)

            Ru was think about last year. He promised Blake that he could meet 
his mom. Ru was very exited about Ryoko visiting for that week. She
would become alive the day before Christmas eve. The teacher that year never 
paid attention to her class, so Ru could basically do what he
wanted. He turned on his walkie-talkie tv thing. "Blake! Blake are you there?" 
he whispered. "Yeah, I'm in the bathroom," was the
response he heard and a second later he could see Blake's face. "Hold on, I'll 
just meet you in there. Over and out!" Ru said into the
thing on his wrist. He raised his hand. "Mrs. Smith? May I please use the rest 
room?" "Sure Ru." Ru walked off to the boy's
bathroom. "Hey Blake," he said as he walked in. "Hi. What's up?" Ru reminded him 
about his mom, and she'd be
"visiting" in a few days. "So, you wanna meet her?" Ru asked Blake. "Would I? Of 
course!" It was settled. Blake was going to
meet Ru's mom.

***(lets fast-forward to the day Ryoko wakes up and Blake arrives)

            Everybody was standing in the lab, waiting for Ryoko to wake up. 
Ryoko fluttered her eyes and sat up. She was greeted by several
"hi's" and hugs and "I missed you!'s" Ru pulled Ryoko aside and asked if she'd 
want to meet his best friend. "I'd
love to Ru!" "Great! He'll be here any time now!" As the whole "family" was 
sitting down to watch tv there was a knock at the
door. "That must be Blake!" Ryoko got up to get it. *boy will he be surprised 
when my mom opens the door! * Ru thought to himself. He got
up and followed his mom. She opened the door. There was Blake, expecting to see 
Ru. Blake looked at Ryoko, pointed and said, "You're
you're you're you're-" "Ryoko. And you must be Blake. Ru told me about you. I'm 
so glad my son is making friends!" Blake
just nodded and went in to face a HUGE grin from Ru. Ru whispered to Blake, 
"Told you so!" 

 

            Later on Blake wormed up to Ryoko. "She is the coolest mom in the 
world!" he said. "Hey Blake, Ru! Lets go outside!" Ryoko
called to them. She started a snowball fight. Ryo-oki ran out to join them. "Oh, 
have you met my spaceship?" Ryoko asked. "Uh hu,"
Blake said as he nodded. "Has Ru ever given you a ride?" Blake shook his head. 
"Ru! To have a spaceship with you and not give your best
friend a ride! Shame on you! C'mon you two. Lets go for a ride." Blake jumped up 
and down and cheered. Ryoko grabbed Ryo-oki by the ears
and through her up into the air. "Meeeooooww!" Ryo-oki turned into a spaceship. 
Ryoko transported Blake onto her ship and Ru transported
himself. Ryoko sat down in the chair that had appeared. They flew around Earth's 
atmosphere. Ryoko did loops and spins and flips while Ru and
Blake cheered. Ru could fly, but not this well. "Hey Blake," Ryoko called to 
Blake. "You wanna drive her?" Blake nodded so fast that
Ru thought his head would fall off. As Blake was ƒ?~cruzin the solar system, a 
screen appeared. There was a face. That face had short blue hair,
had a lower voice, and went by the name of Nagi. Ryoko took over the controls. 
"What do you want, Nagi?" Ryoko snarled. Nagi replied in a
calm voice," You know, Ryoko. I want to kill you." Blake's eyes widened. So did 
Ru's. Ryoko just laughed a bit. "Why are you
laughing?" Nagi asked. "Nagi, I'm already dead! Wait. Let me put it this way, 
I'm a dead pirate walking!" Ryoko explained what
happened. As Ryoko was laughing to herself, Nagi shot an energy blast at Ryo-
oki. "Chooooow!" Ken-oki (Nagi's ship) cried. Ryo-oki
meowed softly. Ryoko knew through their mental link that that was an apology. 
"You want a fight? Take it to Earth!" Ryoko yelled at Nagi. 

 

            Sasamie was getting ready to cook lunch when she heard Ryo-oki 
landing in the yard. Then she heard the "Chooooow!" of Ken-oki.
Sasamie summoned the others and they all went outside. They were all shocked at 
what they saw. Ru transported Blake and himself to the crowd.
It was extremely cold outside. Tenchi looked up and saw snow clouds. Then he saw 
Nagi appear out of her cabbit/ship and Ryoko appear out of
Ryo-oki. As soon as they were out, the two spaceships turned into cabbits. "You 
mean there's more than one of them?!" Blake asked Ru.
Ru nodded and motioned for Blake to be quiet. Fortunately, Tenchi had told Ru 
about Nagi before. Nagi's energy blade appeared, then
Ryoko's. They charged each other. Just as they were about to strike, Ryoko used 
the same move she had on Ru the first time they spared. She
disappeared, reappeared behind Nagi, and went to cut her, but Nagi blocked the 
attack. Nagi flung Ryoko against a tree. Tenchi had to restrain Ru
from going out there. Ryo-oki and Ken-oki were sitting next to each other, and 
paying more attention to each other than the battle. They had seen
this plenty of times. It began to snow and the two blue-haired women fought, 
with no signs of weakness.

 

            Several hours later, and with almost a foot of snow on the ground, 
and they were both tiring out. They charged each other as they had
at the very beginning. Instead of transporting behind Nagi, Ryoko transported a 
few feet back, right before Nagi attacked. This threw Nagi off
balance, and Ryoko gave her the finishing blow. Tenchi ran to Ryoko to see if 
she was hurt. Only a few bruises and scrapes, but nothing serious. Ru
just stood there, wide-eyed. So did Blake. "Wow," said Blake, "I don't think my 
mom could EVER do that, no matter HOW much
tae-bo she took." Everbody laughed. "Well Blake, I used to be a lot better. Hm, 
I guess being dead for ten years really slowed me down!"
At that moment Ryo-oki and Ken-oki walked up to Ryoko. ~Can Ken-oki stay with 
us? Please?~ Ryo-oki asked Ryoko through their mental link.
Ryoko smiled and nodded. The two cabbits cheered and went off to play and do 
whatever cabbits do in their spare time. "What happened?
What did you say?" Tenchi asked. Ryoko told them what Ryo-oki had asked her 
through their mental link. Tenchi shrugged. Then Ryoko threw a
snowball at him, starting a big snowball fight with all the people staying at 
the Misaki house. 

 

            Half an hour later they had teams and were about to play capture the 
flag. Right before they were about to start Sasamie stopped the
whole thing. "Wait! What are the flags?" Then everybody laughed till they had 
tears in their eyes. Sasamie ran in and came out with two
cloths she used for cleaning. One was green, the other was orange. The orange 
team was Ryoko, Ryo-oki, Sasamie, Blake and Mihoshie. Ryoko was
the captain. The green team consisted of Aeka, Tenchi, Ru, Ken-oki and Washu. 
Yosho chose to sit this one out. When the flags were hidden,
Washu explained the rules. "Okay people, this is how you play. Each team hides 
their flag, which we have already done. This," Washu drew
a line in the snow with some type of laser, leaving a bright yellow line, "is 
the boundary line between the two sides. Once you cross the line to
the other side, the other team may hit you with snowballs. Once you're hit, you 
must go to jail." Washu made a box appear with bars on all
sides. She sent them off to a place near the flags. "When you are in jail, you 
can shout and all that good stuff to help your teammate find you.
When they do, they may take one person back with them to the other side. When 
they do this, you can't hit them with a snowball. Basically all
you do is capture the other team's flag and get back to your own side to win the 
game. Oh, and you CAN use your powers/guardians."
Everybody cheered and the game was on.

 

            Ryoko had built up a fort of snow and made a double of herself. She 
then assigned Mihoshie and her double to do the throwing of the
snowballs and guard the flag. Ryo-oki and Blake built traps where the person 
walks and falls into a hole without knowing it's there. The original
Ryoko and Sasamie went to capture the flag. Meanwhile, Tenchi's team was forming 
a plan of their own. They had a place that you step on
and you get pulled up into a net, hanging from a tree. Tenchi assigned Washu to 
guard the flag. Tenchi and Ru went to capture the flag while
Ken-oki kept watch along the boundary line and pelted the other team with 
snowballs when they crossed. Aeka was to start building a trap, and
help people out of jail. 

 

            Ryoko and Sasamie had just narrowly escaped Aeka's snowballs, and 
were now running from her. "Sasamie, split up! She can't
get us both," Ryoko panted. They went in different directions. * Now where did 
they go?* Aeka thought to herself. Ryoko appeared right in
front of her, then transported off again before Aeka could throw the snowball. 
Ryoko did this to keep Aeka busy while Sasamie went to capture the
flag. Washu watched all this on her computer and laughed to herself. "I am truly 
the greatest scientific genius in the universe! Wait, no!
Galaxy!" As Sasamie was running, a mechanic arm popped out of the snow and 
started throwing snowballs. Sasamie dove behind a tree.
"Okay, how do I get out of this one?" she said to herself. She peeked out from 
behind the tree and almost got a snowball in the face. Then
an idea struck her. She stepped out from behind the tree with her hands up. 
"Okay! I give up!" she yelled at the arm. It stopped throwing
snowballs. When it did this, Sasamie took off before the arm/Washu could pick up 
a snow ball.

 

            As Blake sat by his traps and guarded them, he thought to himself * 
Hey! Didn't Washu say we could use our powers? Why am I
standing around here?* He quickly turned himself invisible. "Ryo-oki," he 
whispered, "stay here and guard the traps! I'm gonna go get
us a flag!" "Meow Miya Miya!" And with that Blake took off. He took long steps, 
so his tracks wouldn't show so much in the snow. 

 

            Ryoko sat in a tree, looking for something bright green. She had 
left when Sasamie took off. "Hmmm," she said to herself. "Oh
my gosh! There it is!" And with that she sped towards the flag. Little did she 
know, Washu was guarding it. `plop!' Ryoko was hit. She
found herself being transported to a little cage near the flag. "Ahh! 
Washuuuuuu!" Then Ryoko started yelling for help.

 

            Tenchi was being very sneaky. He crept along by the trees. ** 
craaaaackƒ?Ý.snap!** and Tenchi found himself in a deep hole which he
couldn't get out of. The double Ryoko and Ryo-oki popped their faces over the 
hole and just laughed. When they were done laughing, both
Ryoko and Ryo-oki pelted him with snowballs until he was transported to jail. 

 

            As Blake crept along, he had no problem finding his way around Aeka 
and Ken-oki. Then he saw a flash of cyan hair. He thought it was
Ryoko, but it was Ru, sneaking along. Blake smiled to himself and picked up a 
snowball. Ru looked over at the floating snowball. "Ah! Goast!"
But then Blake appeared, snickered, and hit him with a snow ball. Then, after 
waving good-bye to Ru as he was transported to jail, he went
invisible. As he walked along, he began to hear Ryoko calling for help. He ran 
off to help her. "Ryoko! It's me, Blake!" Ryoko stopped
screaming. "Umƒ?Ý where?" she asked. Blake stopped being invisible. "Oh. But 
how?" Blake just smiled. "You know just because I
don't live at the Masaki residence, doesn't mean I don't have powers." Ryoko 
gave him a smile as he touched a button that let the
door open. Ryoko flew them back to their side. 

 

            Back to Tenchi and Ru who are in jail. "So," said Tenchi, " How'd 
you end up here?" "Blake hit me with a snowball
while he was invisible." Tenchi gave Ru a look that said, ƒ?~okay son, I think 
that snowball went to your head' Ru laughed. "Blake can
read minds, turn invisible, and time travel." Tenchi looked surprised about the 
time travel thing. Ru explained about the limits of time travel.
"You see, dad, Blake can only do it like three times in his whole life, and at 
best, only go back a day." Tenchi nodded. "So, dad,
how'd you get in here?" "I fell in a hole." Ru face-faulted.

 

            Sasamie could see the flag from where she stood. She grinned. * 
almost there * she thought. ƒ?~plop!' ƒ?~plopplopplopplopplop!"
Snowballs were flying all around her. Sasamie looked around to see Ken-oki 
throwing them with the help of another mechanic arm. Sasamie
retreated back to the boundary line. * great, now what? * she wondered to 
herself.

 

            Aeka sat on a pile of snow. *Nothing has happened! I'm going after 
that flag! * And she was off. Mihoshie was thinking the same
thing. They both took off. Just as they reached the boundary line, they heard a 
loud ƒ?~whhhiiirrrrrrr' and looked up. So did everyone else. A
big ship was arriving. They all found each other meeting at the lake. "Cool!" 
Blake said. The spaceship landed and out walked Aeka's
boyfriend, Hatshibio. He was a bit taller than Tenchi, his skin wasn't as dark, 
but he wasn't exactly pale, he was very muscular. His hair was
blonde. "Aeka?" he called as he stepped out of the ship. Aeka ran to him and 
hugged him. "And that would beƒ?Ý?" Ryoko whispered
to Tenchi. "Oh, that's Hatshibio, Aeka's boyfriend. I think she gave up on me." 
They both quietly laughed and went to greet
Hatshibio. "Hi! I'm Ryoko!" Hatshibio's grin vanished as he drew an energy 
sword. "The infamous Space Pirate Ryoko? You must
die for the pain you have caused my planet! Aggghhhh!" he said as he charged 
her. Ryoko kept smiling as he tried to hit her. She simply
transported behind him. Then she rose into the air. She wasn't surprised by his 
response. In fact, she had suspected it. "Pleased to meet
you!" she said. Aeka stopped him and told him that Ryoko was ok and explained 
everything, including her death. Ryoko had floated back down
to the ground. Hatshibio wouldn't stop apologizing. "It okay, REALLY!" Ryoko 
yelled at him, getting irritated. "No it's not! Please
ƒ?"" He was cut off by a red energy blade at his throat. "IT"S OKAY." He nodded 
and they all went inside.

 

 

 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Okay! How was it? Flames? Comments? Whatever, if you wanna say sumthin about it, 
just e-mail me at LizyD@msn.com  read up on the next chapterƒ?"the
christmas      
