	What Might Have Been Chapter Two:  Meeting for the First Time Again

	Disclaimer: This fanfiction is not written with the consent of Pioneer/AIC.  I do 
NOT own the characters, with the exception of Kei.  Please do not sue me.
	Comments, criticism, flames, and death threats may be sent to 
Platinum_Dragon@usinternet.com.
	!!WARNING!!	This is NOT mainline Tenchi.  It is an alternate universe, and the 
characters at times will be VERY ooc, compared to those in the series.  Please remember that 
the versions in this story line had very different experiences.

*****

	Tenchi grinned as he led Kei through the front gates of the carnival.  Bright colors 
flared all about them; joyful, fast paced music filled the air, along with the screams of delight 
from people on the rides.  The carnival would be there for two weeks; they were planning on 
coming back once Kei was out of the hospital so that she could see it.  People moved all 
about them, but for so late in the afternoon, it was still surprisingly empty.  Tenchi closed his 
eyes for a moment, trying to imagine what it must be like for Kei.  To be able to stand there 
and hear all the noises, smell all the smells, but not to be able to see any of it.  This was only 
the first time that she had ever been to a carnival; she was trying to tilt her head to listen n 
practically every direction at once.
	-What's that, Tenchi?-  His eyes popped open at the question, and he blinked, 
looking around.
	"Hey Baka!  I asked what that screaming I just heard was all about?" said Kei, 
elbowing him.  He looked at her.
	"Oh, sorry, I guess I wasn't paying attention.  It was people on the roller coaster," he 
answered, putting his arm around her shoulders.  She grinned.
	"Hey, it sounds like fun.  Let's go!" she said.  He almost laughed; she was all but 
hopping up and down in excitement.  Grinning, he led her toward the towering behemoth.  
On the way they passed a small stir-fry stand; the scent tickled his nose.
	-Hey Tenchi, I'm kinda hungry...-  He stopped, and looked around a the little girl's 
voice.  Where was it coming from?
	"Did you just say something, Kei?" he asked.  She glanced at him.
	"No.  What, are you hearing things now?  Although with all the babble here, I guess 
that I can't blame you.  Where is this roller coaster, anyway?" she asked.  Shaking his head, 
he started moving again.
	"We're almost there, Kei.  We just have to get in line," he said, as he guided her into 
place.  Now she really was shivering with excitement; he grinned again.  "Long line though," 
he told her.  Slowly, it moved forward until finally they were next.
	"Jeeze, there's a lot of waiting, isn't there?" she muttered, before grinning again.
	-I can't wait!-  Jumping, Tenchi spun, looking behind himself to see if there was 
somebody behind him, but all that was there was a surprised looking ride attendant.
	"Sir?  Sir, the car is boarding now," said the man.  Tenchi shook his head slightly.
	"Sorry, I thought...  nevermind," he said, as the attendant led them to the car.  Kei 
sat down, and he helped her to secure her restraints, grinning slightly at her sour expression.
	"I hate being strapped in here like this," she grumbled.
	"Well, if you'd prefer to fall out in the loops..." he told her, and she winced.  He 
checked his own restraints, and then the car began to move forward, to the base of the first 
hill.  The chain caught them, and began jerking them up toward the top.  What was that voice 
the he kept hearing?  It sounded so familiar, but...  And nobody else seemed to hear it.  Was 
he losing his mind or something?  The coaster reached the top, and hung there for a split 
second.
	"I'm excited!" said Kei, squeezing his hand.
	-I'm excited!- came the voice, and then the chain pulled them over the edge.  Tenchi 
felt his stomach hit his throat as they dropped; Kei screamed shrilly in surprise.  They gained 
speed, flying around corners and spinning through corkscrews.  Finally, the coaster pulled to 
a stop and the restraints opened again; Kei was laughing as they stood up and moved toward 
the exit.  She was holding to him a little dizzily, but grinned as she looked up at his face.
	"That was great!  So what's next?"

	"Ayeka!"  Sasami laughed as the docking tube's doors swished open with a hiss of 
steam, and ran to her.  She threw her arms about the elder princess.  Ayeka smiled slightly.
	"Hello Sasami," she said, hugging her back.  "Did you bring your things?" she 
asked, as she stepped back slightly.  Sasami nodded.
	"Yep!  The guardians are bringing them over right now," she told her.  "So, which 
one are we going to visit?" she asked, excitement in her pink eyes.  Ayeka smiled at her.
	"After looking at the scans, I think that Earth would be a good choice.  Jurai has 
control of it, so we will be able to safely visit it, and the locals look as we do, so we'll blend 
in with no troubles," she said, and Sasami nodded.
	"Ok!"  Ayeka smiled again, but then looked at her very seriously.
	"Listen carefully though.  We can only stay for a couple of days, and if you get 
separated from me, you need to use your beacon immediately to call Ryou-oh, ok?" she said.  
Sasami lost some of her excitement, but nodded.
	"I know..."  She paused a moment, and then brightened again.  "But I'm still 
excited!  We don't get to do stuff like this very often, do we?" she asked.  Ayeka shook her 
head.
	"No, we don't, so don't tell anybody," she told her.  Disengaging from Sasami's 
ship, she brought up a three-dimensional globe of the Earth.  "Since I chose the planet, you 
may decide where we will land, Sasami."  She grinned, and looked at the globe for a 
moment.
	"How about..." she started, raising her finger and closing her eyes, "there!"  
Stabbing forward, Sasami opened her eyes and looked at her choice, as did Ayeka.
	"Hmmm... Japan.  And it looks like a good place to land Ryou-oh too," said Ayeka, 
after studying the data for that region.  She nodded.  "Japan it is, then."
	"Yay!" laughed Sasami.  Ayeka smiled, chuckling softly, and then looked at Azaka 
and Kamadake.
	"Set a course for  those co-ordinates, and engage the stealth before we come in 
range of their satellites," she ordered.  
	"Yes ma'am!"  Ayeka turned to Sasami.
	"Now... Tell me more about that dream, Sasami."

	Tenchi sighed, and sat up from his bed, glancing at his clock.  A large 12:06 glowed 
at him; for the past hour and a half, he had lay in bed, trying to sleep, but tonight he just 
couldn't.  He wondered if it was because he was worried for Kei, or if it was because he was 
afraid to go to sleep.  Either way, he was still wide awake, with not even a hint of far-off 
drowsiness. 
	He'd dropped Kei off at the hospital on their way home from the carnival.  Tenchi 
thought that they had probably just about ridden out most of the rides there; Kei had wanted 
to go again, and again, and again.  He was so stuffed full of cotton candy and other carnival 
foods he thought that he just might burst.  Still, it had been a fun night; Kei had enjoyed 
herself, and that was what was important.
	Frowning, he stood, and felt his way over to his work desk.  Switching on the 
reading lamp, he sat down, and stared at the desk for a moment, before reaching underneath 
to thumb the latch.  Raising it so that he could draw, he grabbed his sketchbook and flipped 
it open to a fresh page.  Idly, he began to sketch, not really paying attention to what.  He 
found sometimes at nights like this that drawing helped to calm him; more than once he'd 
woken up to find a half-done drawing.
	His hand moved across the paper automatically; he finally started to feel slightly 
drowsy as he started to turn the page.  Starting to draw again, Tenchi let his mind relax, and 
felt himself finally slipping away.  But something caught him; Tenchi found himself 
suddenly hanging just off the edge, no longer sure if he was asleep, awake, or something else 
entirely.  Thoughts came to him slowly, as though through a fog was impeding their 
progress.
	Distantly, he saw his hand moving across the paper.  The basic outline of a woman 
appeared, only to be refined to a low-cut dress that was loose on the arms but form fitting 
about her waist and hips.  He saw her head go in; it was turned to the side, but that 
distinctive spiky hair was impossible to miss.  It was like watching through somebody else's 
eyes as somebody else's hand created something he knew only he had seen before.  After a 
moment, the stone she was laying on formed, and a small pool of water beside her.
	-Smell of alcohol... yup.  Better get her some water...-  The drawing suddenly 
gained vividly real, beautiful color; the strange, beautiful cyan hair; her dress was orange, 
black and white.  He saw his hand - his own hand? - dip into the small pool and bring some 
water to her lips.  She drank it, and then coughed once or twice before opening her golden 
eyes and looking at him in surprise, a slight blush on her cheeks.
	Tenchi was abruptly fully awake, and he stood up too fast.  His head came solidly 
into contact with the cabinet  above his desk with a loud thunk.  His head exploded into pain 
and he felt the world drop out from under him.  As consciousness flickered away from him, 
he heard a soft, chiming laugher that led him farther into darkness.

	"There, that looks like a good place to land.  Mountains covered in forests, should 
be plenty of cover for Yagami," said Kiyone.  Mihoshi nodded.
	"There is a house and an old shrine not far away, but that won't be a problem, don't 
you think?" asked the blonde.  Kiyone shook her head.
	"We'll blend right in with the locals.  Gotta give you credit, maybe this wasn't such 
a bad idea," she told her.  Mihoshi beamed a smile at her; Kiyone grinned, and then glanced 
at her read-outs.  "Ten seconds to touch down.  Landing struts down."
	"Inertia dampers and artificial gravity off, Kiyone!"
	"Firing braking thrusters."  The Yagami shuddered as the micro-thrusters fired, 
slowing their descent to a crawl.  "Touch down in three... two... one...  mark!"  There was a 
bump, and then the ship was still.  Kiyone grinned at Mihoshi.  "Shutting down the main 
engines, and going to hostile stand-by mode."  The ship sighed as it powered down, an 
indicator turning on to confirm that the sensor cloak was active.
	"Hostile stand-by confirmed Kiyone; we're invisible to all but a visual scan," said 
Mihoshi.  Kiyone nodded.
	"Ok, we've landed and are secure.  How far to that Shrine?" she asked.
	"Just one click west," answered Mihoshi.  Kiyone sighed.
	"At least it's a nice day for a walk.  Do you have everything you need?" she asked.  
Mihoshi nodded, picking up a small duffel bag.  "Well, let's get going then," she said, 
standing.  Mihoshi grinned, and they exited the ship.  Once they had moved a few feet away, 
they paused a moment while Kiyone pulled out her com-link.  "Computer, activate camo-
shield."  The metal skin of the ship shimmered for a moment, and then changed color to 
match that of the surrounding forests.  Turning, they started moving west.
	"Sure is nice here," said Mihoshi.  Kiyone nodded, looking around at the towering 
trees.
	"Yeah...  Feels like I'm coming home after a long time away, for some reason," she 
said quietly.  Mihoshi looked at her in surprise.  
	"You too?  I was just thinking that I've been here before...  It's a really weird feeling 
of déjà vu..." she told her.  Kiyone glanced at her.
	"Probably just because we've been out in space for so long.  We're not used to used 
to planetary air or something," she mused.  After a moment, her partner nodded.
	"Probably."  She looked around.  "Still...  it just seems so... familiar."  Kiyone 
sighed.
	"I know.  Who knows, maybe we lived here in another life," she laughed.  Mihoshi 
blinked at her, and then laughed too.
	"You did."  They stopped in shock, as a young, pink-haired girl suddenly appeared 
before them.  She was grinning; Kiyone abruptly registered the fact that her clothing was an 
old-style Science Academy uniform.
	"Who... Who are you?" she asked, hand inching toward her blaster.  She grinned.
	"I am Washu, the greatest scientific genius in the universe!  And you are Kiyone 
and Mihoshi, detectives first class, graduated galactic year, 3020, second and third in your 
class, respectively."  They looked at each other agape.
	"How do you know all that???" asked Kiyone.  Washu grinned.
	"Didn't I just say that I was the greatest scientific genius in the universe?  Actually, 
you two have been expected here for awhile," she said, grinning.
	"Huh?  How?"  Washu shook her head, her expression turning serious.  
	"This will be kinda tough to explain, and we're still waiting for two others to arrive.  
All that I can say right now is that twenty years ago, something very wrong happened, and 
we need your help to fix it."  She paused, and then grinned.  "At the very least, you'll get a 
couple of  good meals and something to laugh about when you think about the crazies that 
you met!"

	"Ugh...  Why does my head hurt so much?" groaned Tenchi, as he reached up to rub 
his head.  When he felt a slightly painful tug on his arm, he paused.  Blinking, he looked at 
his arm to see a small, clear tube attached to a long needle which vanished into his flesh 
through a plug in his arm.  Blinking again, he looked around, and realized that he was in a 
hospital room.  Lifting his other arm and seeing that it was IV-free, he gingerly felt  at his 
head, to find it wrapped in bandages.
	"Oh yeah...  I hit my head last night.  I think it was last night, at least," he mumbled 
to himself, as he leaned back in the hospital bed.  He was alone in the room; glancing 
around, he found the call button and pressed it.  A moment later, Tenchi blinked in surprise 
as his aunt Washu came in dressed in a Nurse's Uniform.  She grinned.
	"Oh good!  You're awake!  That means that I can start collecting my samples!" she 
said.
	"Huh?" he asked in confusion.  Had he hit himself harder than he'd thought?
	"Samples silly!  I need to find out what makes you different from normal humans," 
she said, as she produced an impossibly huge hypodermic needle from a pocket.  The needle 
alone was thick as his arm and almost as tall as she was.  "I think I'll start with your brain 
tissue!" she exclaimed, as she turned the needle toward his face, and aligned the needle with 
his eye.
	"What are you doing aunt!" he shouted, trying to push away, but the bed sheets 
became hands and held him down to the bed.  The fluid in the IV changed color; it began to 
burn through the bag, and it suddenly felt like it was feeding pure flames into his arm.  The 
muscles around the IV started to cramp painfully; he wanted to shout in pain, but couldn't, as 
his jaw began to knot up.  Washu laughed sinisterly.
	"Now, hold still Tenchi...  This is going to hurt just a little bit..."  She started to 
move forward, the needle lancing toward his eye.  Somehow, he managed to grate out some 
words.
	"No, stop!  LET ME GO!!!"

	"Gah!" exclaimed Tenchi, as he sat bolt upright, looking around.  He found himself 
once again in a hospital room, but unlike before, his parents and grandfather were there with 
him.  Glancing at his right arm, he once again saw an IV, but the liquid was clear; it didn't 
burn or make his muscles cramp.  A dull, throbbing pain thudded in his head, as though 
every single headache he'd ever had were all happening at once, centered just left of square 
between his eyes.  Achika looked up in surprise at his shout, and then sighed in relief as she 
saw him awake.
	"You finally woke up, thank goodness," she said, smiling.
	"I almost wish that I hadn't," he groaned, gingerly feeling at his forehead through 
the bandages there.  "What happened.  The last thing that I clearly remember was looking at 
the time."  His father sighed.
	"We aren't quite sure, but when we found you, you were laying on the floor, 
bleeding from a nasty cut on your forehead.  Washu said that you had a concussion; that was 
two and a half days ago.  You've been unconscious since then," he said.  Achika nodded, 
handing him his sketch book.
	"This was open on your desk when we came in," she told him.  Tenchi flipped it 
open, and found the drawing that had triggered that weird half-dream.  He frowned as he saw 
blood splattered all over the girl's face and body, ruining the drawing.  Then he blinked as he 
realized that the little pond next to her had been filled in perfectly by a blood stain, as if it 
had been painted in there.
	"A lake of boiling blood," he mumbled softly.
	"What's that Tenchi?" asked his mother.  He looked at her, and very carefully shook 
his head.  Even so, he groaned as that set off an explosion of pain.
	"N-nothing.  Two and a half days?  Then that means -" he started, before there was 
a soft knock on the door.  He turned to see Washu there, grinning.
	"Well, well, look who's finally awake.  What did I tell you Achika, no more than 
three days.  Think you're up to a visitor, Tenchi?" she asked, grinning.  He nodded slowly, 
and she turned around, disappearing just long enough to push a wheelchair bearing Kei in it 
in.  Heavy bandages were wrapped around her head and eyes, covering them completely, but 
she was grinning.
	"Kei!"
	"I thought that I was the one who was supposed to be blind, baka.  Now I hear about 
you hitting your head on something even I could miss?" she laughed.  Tenchi grinned, as he 
closed his sketch book.
	"I would have thought that they'd have taken off the bandages off by now to see if 
the operation was a success," he said.  Washu smirked at him.
	"Well, I tried, but SOMEBODY had to go and get himself unconscious, so she 
refused to let me take them off until he woke up," she said, looking at Kei wryly.  Tenchi 
blinked as she blushed slightly.
	"I just didn't want the first time I actually saw the baka to be him out cold!  Well, 
he's awake now, so come on!" she exclaimed, squirming in the wheelchair.  Washu smirked 
again, and then began to carefully unwrap the bandages.  Layer by layer, they slowly came 
off, as a tense, hopeful excitement settled into the room around them.  Finally, all that were 
left were two large, thick pads that covered Kei's eyes, a final bit of protection for them.
	"Ok.  I want you to listen to me very carefully now Kei.  Squeeze your eyes shut as 
tight as you can at first.  If they're open before they have the chance to get used to the light, it 
may damage them beyond repair, ok?" said Washu, in an uncharacteristically serious tone.  
Kei nodded.
	"They're closed," she said.  Taking a deep breath, Washu carefully pulled the pads 
away.
	"Now...  Very, very slowly, open them, just until you can see a very little light," she 
instructed.  Kei's eyelids fluttered slightly, until just the tiniest slits opened.
	"It's so..." she started, and then paused.  "So... bright.  Not was I was in before, this 
is... warm.  It makes me think of something warm, and what I was in before made me think 
of cold," she said.  Washu nodded, and grinned.
	"Alright, now this is up to you.  When you think that you can handle it, let your 
eyes open a little more, but if they start to hurt, close them again right away," she told her.  
Kei nodded.  They all watched in silence as her lids slowly, ever so slowly began to spread 
open.  It had to have been only minutes, but to Tenchi the whole thing seemed to take hours.  
Slowly, she opened her eyes; just a little at a time, until finally, finally, they were fully open.  
Tenchi felt his jaw drop as he saw them.  Gone were the teal irises that he had always 
known, replaced by sparkling golden orbs.  For a moment, just for a moment, they wavered, 
unfocused, as though trying to understand how to work, before slowly dilating and locking 
onto him.
	"T... Tenchi?" she asked softly.  Wordless, he slowly nodded at her.  For a moment, 
she just stared at him, and then, slowly, suddenly, she began to laugh as tears started to 
stream down her face.  "I... I can...  I can actually see you!" she exclaimed, her voice a 
mixture of absolute shock and pure joy.  All at once the room broke into applause and 
relieved laugher, Achika, Nobuyuki and Katsuhito all hugging her and congratulating her in 
turns.  "Achika... Nobuyuki... and you have to be Katsuhito, that voice only fits you."  They 
each smiled as they were named, and then started deluging her with questions.
	For a moment, though, Tenchi frowned, and then waved Washu over, while Kei 
was distracted by his parents.  "Aunt... Why did her eyes change color like that?" he asked 
softly.  Washu frowned for a moment, with a considering look in her eyes.
	"I'm not really sure yet, Tenchi.  I think that it was a side effect of the operation.  
You see, Kei was blind for two reasons.  There was an abnormality in her optic nerve, and a 
chemical imbalance in her iris.  Alone, she would have had semi-normal vision, though she 
would have required powerful corrective glasses, but together, they were too much for her 
body to compensate for.  When I performed the operation, my goal was to remove the 
abnormality, which I succeeded in doing.  When we did, for some reason the imbalance 
normalized itself."  She paused a moment to be sure that he was following what she was 
saying.  He nodded; she had explained as much before.
	"It's possible that the teal color that we had always seen was actually a result of the 
imbalance; once that was gone, they reverted to their true color," she finished.
	"So, she never really had teal eyes; they were golden the entire time, but hidden by 
that imbalance?" he asked.  Washu nodded.
	"Like I said, it's a possibility.  I need to run some more tests to be certain," she said.  
"If you ask me, I think that they kind of fit her personality.  Bright, sparkling, and a bit 
mischievous."  Tenchi nodded slowly, and looked at Kei.  She was smiling and laughing, 
looking around in wondrous disbelief.  For a moment, her gaze locked on to him, and she 
smiled warmly and a little secretively; the drawing that he'd done in class flicked into his 
mind for a moment.  Except for hair style and color, he realized that they did resemble each 
other  now; sisters, or perhaps a mother and daughter.  He smiled back at her, before her 
attention was pulled back away.  Tenchi sighed, and glanced at his sketch book again.  Who 
was she?  And what was happening to his dreams?
	What was happening to him?

	Ayeka nodded, as Ryou-oh came to rest in the lake, and activated the cloak.  There 
was a house all but on top of the small pond, but her scans hadn't picked anybody up inside, 
so she had decided to land there.  Unfortunately, tree-ships had to make planet-fall in fresh 
water; the trees required it.  That was the one true disadvantage to the great ships.  Beside 
that, they were very good, very dependable star cruisers.
	"Powered down, Princess Ayeka," confirmed Azaka.
	"Very good.  Azaka, Kamadake, we will return in two earth standard days.  Stay 
with the ship, and respond immediately if you pick up a distress signal from either my or 
Sasami's beacons," she ordered them.  
	"Yes, your highness."
	"Are you sure that you should be doing this, your highness?" asked Kamadake.  She 
smiled fondly at the guardian, and lightly touched the floating robot.
	"How can I learn about my subjects if I do not go among them?  In order to rule 
them justly, I must understand how they live; I can not judge them according to how I live," 
she said, before turning to Sasami.  "Are you ready to go?" she asked.  Sasami nodded.
	"Yep!"  They turned to leave, but paused, as a beep went off.
	"Incoming message, Princess Ayeka.  Would you like to view it?" asked Azaka.  
Ayeka frowned.
	"Do not allow them to see or hear me until I give the order," she told them.  
	"I do not believe that will be a problem, your highness.  It appears to be a 
recording," said Kamadake.  She nodded.
	"Put it on, then," she said.  A viewscreen opened, and a woman in her early thirties 
appeared.  She had her long, raven black hair tied back into a single, long ponytail.  Ayeka 
blinked; she appeared human, but her facial structure seemed partly Juraian
	"Princess Ayeka, Princess Sasami.  My name is Achika Masaki, and if you are 
receiving this as I hope, you have landed in the lake.  I am sorry that I could not be there in 
person, but there has been an emergency, and I had to leave.  This will sound strange, but 
you both are old friends.  I promise that I will explain everything to you as soon as I get 
back; it should be no more than a few hours after you arrive, if that.  Please, I ask that you 
await us in my home; feel free to use anything you need.  It is very important that we meet.  
There are also two Galaxy Police officers  there; they should be able to answer some, if not 
all of your questions."  She paused a moment, and smiled.  "I realize that this will all be hard 
to believe, but please, I need you to trust me."  She smiled again, and then the message 
ended.  Ayeka looked at Sasami.
	"Did she look like one of the people in your dream?" she asked.  Sasami frowned.
	"She... no, but she... somehow, she seemed familiar," she said.  Then she looked at 
her.  "She looked gentle...  Could it hurt to at least find out what she meant?" she asked.
	"And how did she know our names, much less that we would be landing here?" 
mused Ayeka.  Frowning, she looked at the Guardians.  "Please bring up a view of the 
house."  A moment later, it came up, and Sasami gasped.
	"That's the house Ayeka!  The house I saw in my dream!  I'm sure of it!" she 
exclaimed.  Ayeka frowned again.
	"I do not like this, Sasami.  I want to know how they knew we were coming, when 
we ourselves did not know until barely two and a half days ago," she said, looking at the 
image before them.  The house seemed normal enough, yet her mind ticked off the number 
of things that it would have had to have in just in order to monitor for their landing, and send 
that message.  It was an impressive list of items.
	"Sis, I just have this feeling.  It's so strong, I'm just sure that we can trust her.  
Something is bringing us here, and we... we have to believe her!" she said.  Ayeka studied 
her for a moment.
	"Is this really so important to you that we look, Sasami?" she asked finally, softly.
	"Yes, Ayeka.  I just..."  She trailed off, unable to find the right words.  Ayeka 
chewed on her lower lip for a moment.
	"Azaka, Kamadake.  Scout out the house," she said finally.
	"Yes Ma'am!"  The guardians vanished from the bridge.
	"I just know we're doing the right thing, Ayeka.  How much of a chance that I 
would point right to the house that I saw unless we were meant to come here?" asked 
Sasami.  Ayeka favored her with a slight smile.
	"We shall see, if it is safe," she replied, yet now that she was thinking about it, she 
too began to notice a certain... pull, a longing that seemed to come from the house.  After a 
few moments, the Guardians returned to the ship.
	"The scouting has been completed.  No traps detected," began Azaka.
	"Two non-human life forms that did not show up on ship scans are inside.  A null 
field extends ten feet from the house in all directions, deflecting our scans," interjected 
Kamadake.
	"Both life-forms had Galaxy Police PDT's," Azaka finished. 
	"PDT's?  What are those?" asked Sasami, looking at Ayeka.
	"All Galaxy Police officers of detective or higher rank are implanted with Personal 
Data Transmitters.  This is so that if they are deep under cover, or lost in space, they can be 
tracked, or if they are killed, there is always identification," she said, before glancing at the 
Guardians.  "Can you confirm their ID codes?"  Azaka's eye glowed for a moment.
	"Detective First Class Kiyone Makibi and Detective First Class Mihoshi Kuramitsu 
ID codes confirmed.  Currently stationed Gamma Quadrant outpost aboard the Ranger-class 
cruiser Yagami.  Both are on one week leave of absence," he replied.  Ayeka nodded.
	"And somehow they too come to this place," she mused.  "Very well then, as it 
seems this Achika spoke the truth, we shall go in and look for ourselves."  Sasami smiled at 
her broadly.  "BUT!  If I say that we need to leave, I want you to promise me that you will 
without any argument, ok?" she said, squatting down so that they were eye to eye.  Sasami 
lost some of her smile, and nodded.
	"I promise you, Ayeka," she said.  Ayeka nodded, and rose, pausing a moment to 
adjust the wide silver broach that hid most of her scar.  "Guardians, transport us to the front 
door."

	Kiyone looked up as the door to the Masaki house slid open, and squirmed slightly 
uncomfortably.  Washu had lead them to the house, and filled in some information: who she 
was, how she'd known they were there. Unfortunately, she had left most of the more 
important questions, like what she'd meant by about them living there in another life, 
unanswered.  Then she had had to excuse herself, explaining that she had to get to the 
hospital in order to perform an operation on a blind girl.  The other family members had 
appeared too; she had found herself liking Achika immediately, and something had 
compelled her not to let Nobuyuki too close, though he was very polite.  When Katsuhito 
had come in and introduced himself, another name had been on the very tip of her tongue; 
she found herself still trying to remember it.
	Between all the apologies for going in and out so much, Kiyone had gathered that 
Achika and Nobuyuki's son had been injured.  They were waiting for him to wake because 
he apparently played an important part in what was going to happen.  She sighed, and hoped 
that who ever came in would be able to tell them something more.  Mihoshi was out cold on 
the couch next to her, snoring softly.  Setting down her tea cup, Kiyone looked up as the first 
of them came in, and felt her jaw drop.
	It was about seven feet tall; a log with the name Azaka painted in blue under a 
single, blue electronic eye.  A second log entered, identical to the first save that this one's 
name was Kamadake, and it's eye and name were red.  Kiyone very, very slowly nudged 
Mihoshi.
	"Wake up!" she hissed, as the Guardians of Jurai scanned the room.  If they were 
there, then only one person could be coming.  Mihoshi snorted drowsily, and sat up, rubbing 
sleep from her eyes.
	"Wha...  I was just dreaming that we were after a criminal..." she mumbled.  Kiyone 
hauled her up to her feet.
	"Quiet!  Don't you recognize them you bubble head??" she asked softly.  Mihoshi 
looked at the floating logs, and blinked.
	"Huh?  But I thought that they were the Princess Ayeka's royal guards..."  For once, 
that statement sank in, and Mihoshi stood at stiff attention.  The Guardians finished their 
scan, and then floated apart, revealing the hall behind them, and the two girls there.
	The first of the pair was the taller, and obviously older by a bit of the pair.  Her eyes 
were a dark red that scanned the room every bit as carefully as the Guardians had; a long, 
thick braid of  lavender hair almost touched the floor.  She wore a silver silken tunic, with a 
wide sash of crimson about her waist.  A silver broach with a huge, blue stone encircled her 
throat, hiding all but a small bit of a thick, slashing scar.  Even if she hadn't have seen her on 
the vidbytes, Kiyone would have known that she was Ayeka from just looking at her.
	To her side stood a shorter girl with freckles and large pink eyes.   Her hair, which 
was pulled into a pair of ponytails, was blue like the sky, and she was wearing a pink and 
blue tunic.  She was smiling from ear to ear, and looking around herself in excitement. 
Sasami, second in line for the royal throne of Jurai.  Kiyone felt her eye begin to twitch, as 
she bowed deeply to them.  Mihoshi followed suit somewhat less smoothly.  Of all of the 
Juraians that might have come, why, oh WHY! did it have to be these two! Ayeka made a 
soothing gesture.
	"You may rise.  I assume you are Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi?" asked Ayeka.  
They straightened, as Kiyone nodded.
	"Your Highness, I'm not really sure how to explain our presence here on Earth.  I 
realize that it has been declared a preserve by Jurai, but-"  Ayeka shook her head, and smiled 
slightly.
	"It is of no matter.  Sasami thinks that we were brought here for some purpose; 
perhaps you were as well," she said calmly, before looking at her sister.  "Did you see them 
in your dream?"  Sasami looked at them closely, and then abruptly grinned.
	"Yes, I'm sure of it!" she exclaimed.  Kiyone and Mihoshi looked at each other.
	"Begging your pardon, but... what dream?" asked Kiyone.  Ayeka smiled slightly, 
and nodded at her sister.
	"It is yours to tell, Sasami, as it was your dream," she said.  Sasami grinned.
	"Well, I had this dream where I saw this house, and me, and my sister, and you two, 
a boy, and two other girls there.  And we...  The only way to put it is that we knew each 
other.  We were friends," she said, somehow grinning even wider than before.  Kiyone 
looked at Mihoshi again.
	"The family that owns this house - I'm not entirely sure of the entire story, but their 
son, Tenchi, was hurt, which is why they aren't here at the moment.  There's a picture of him 
there, on the wall," she said slowly, pointing.  Sasami looked, and nodded.
	"That's him," she said, looking at Ayeka.  "See, I knew that we were supposed to 
come here!"  The princess slowly nodded.
	"So it would seem," she said.   Smiling, she sat down on the couch, and gestured for 
them to join her.  "I take it, then, that you have met the rest of the family?" she asked.
	"Only for a few minutes at a time; they've been running back and forth from the 
hospital and here," answered Kiyone.  "Achika said that they were pretty sure they would all 
be back by this evening."
	"And you said that their son - Tenchi? - was hurt?  That only leaves two others from 
Sasami's dream," she said, and Kiyone nodded.
	"Maybe only one; when we landed, we were met by Washu," she told them.  Ayeka 
blinked in surprise.
	"As in the Washu that was exiled seven hundred years ago by the Science 
Academy?  She is here as well?" she asked.  Kiyone nodded again.
	"She told us that once everybody was here, she would explain everything."
	"This," said Ayeka, frowning thoughtfully, "is becoming the most unusual vacation.  
Tell me, have you had the feeling that you have been here before?  Or that it was familiar?" 
she asked.
	"Almost since Mihoshi and I were assigned to this area," answered Kiyone smiling 
slightly.  "Have you?"  Ayeka studied her for a moment, before nodding slightly.
	"Yes.  When Sasami and I first came into the house, it was like I had been here 
before.  I shall be most interested in what Ms. Washu, and Ms. Masaki have to say."
