	What Might Have Been Chapter Four: Old Fears, New Friends

	Disclaimer: This fanfiction is not written with the consent of Pioneer/AIC.  I 
do NOT own the characters, with the exception of Kei.  Please do not sue me.
	Comments, criticism, flames, and death threats may be sent to 
Platinum_Dragon@usinternet.com.
	!!WARNING!!	This is NOT mainline Tenchi.  It is an alternate universe, 
and the characters at times will be VERY ooc, compared to those in the series.  Please 
remember that the versions in this story line had very different experiences.

*****

	Tenchi stared at his mother and their guests in a mild state of shock.  "But 
what... how..."  Kei glanced at him briefly, and grinned.
	"I think what tongue-tied here is trying to ask is how we're supposed to help.  
But I think I already know - part of it anyway.  I'm Ryoko, aren't I - or at least, her 
replacement?" she asked, as she reached up to scratch Ryo-Ohki between her ears.  
Achika blinked at her in surprise, but slowly nodded.
	"It's something that Washu first suspected - she picked up a sort of resonance 
that she thinks indicates the residue in you.  She'd picked up the same in Tenchi, 
herself, Nobuyuki and father.  And more recently, Tenchi drew Ryoko when he was 
supposed to be drawing you in art class.  Then there's Ryo-Ohki - she's Ryoko's....  I 
guess that you could call her a pet, but she's more than that," she said.  Ryo-Ohki 
miyaed loudly, and Achika smiled sadly.
	"Of course - that was why you seemed so familiar.  Your eyes are the same as 
the girl's - Ryoko? - eyes," said Ayeka, and Achika nodded.
	"Ryoko was a sort of focal point - where she went, the world followed, 
usually whether it wanted to or not.  She was supposed to bring you all together, but 
was killed well before she could do that.  So, Kei was born in her place," said Washu.  
They looked at Kei, and she blushed a little under the scrutiny.  Tenchi admitted to 
himself that he had absolutely no idea what was going on, but he lightly placed a hand 
on her shoulder and gave it a little squeeze to let her know he was with her.  Kei looked 
at him and smiled.
	"There is still one question you haven't answered," said Kiyone.  "Everybody 
else is... familiar, except for you, Achika."  Tenchi frowned as his mother sighed, and 
then slowly spoke.
	"When Kain attacked, Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka did stop him from killing us, 
and Kiyone did deliver the final blow.  But, before we could make our escape, Kain 
knocked Tenchi out, and...  It's difficult to explain.  Tenchi-ken landed near me and 
when I touched it...  it awoke a part of me.  I saw... among other things, their future.  A 
future that I wasn't a part of.  Kiyone delivered the final blow, but, with Tenchi-ken, I 
was the one that defeated Kain.  I expended too much of the Jurai power, though.  Oh, I 
didn't die right then - in their time-line, I didn't pass away until Tenchi was almost five.
	"But in this timeline, where Washu was awake, she was able to save my life 
by blocking off my link to the Jurai energy - it was the back flow of my usage that was 
killing me, you see.  And so, the reason that you don't know me is because they never 
met me, save for a short time in the past, before the timeline split," Achika finished 
softly.  Tenchi stared at his mother in disbelief, and without wanting to, tried to 
imagine what growing up without her would have been like.  What would he be like?  
What would his father have been like?
	For a moment, the room was silent, in the wake of the grim pronouncement.  
Then, softly, Ayeka spoke.  "I think, then, that I own Miss Washu a debt of gratitude 
for giving me the chance to meet you.  What I can do to help, I will, and not for the 
sake of the universe.  For the sake of a friend."  Right beside her, Sasami laughed.
	"Sounds like fun!" she exclaimed.  Kiyone sighed.
	"I've got to be loosing my mind...  Who am I kidding?  I'm in," she said, 
before abruptly laughing.  "Who cares about promotions?  If we don't succeed, there 
won't be a universe to be promoted in."
	"I'll go where ever Kiyone goes!" chimed in Mihoshi, grinning.  Kei looked at 
him, golden eyes sparkling in excitement.
	"What do you think Tenchi?  Stay here and go on that boring art field trip?  Or 
take a trip through the stars?" she asked, grinning.  He abruptly became aware of all 
their eyes on him, as though they were waiting for his decision.  Tenchi sighed, and 
then laughed weakly, wondering if his... twin in the other universe ever had to do 
something like this.
	"Who could resist a chance to save the universe from a killer blob?"

	Achika smiled at Tenchi, though inwardly she breathed a long sigh of relief.  
However much she'd prepared herself for this moment, it was all but impossible to 
keep from giggling in almost hysterical relief.  Years of planning, hoping, and it had all 
hinged on if they would all agree, on if they would all believe, because they needed all 
of them to succeed.  Washu looked at her and nodded.
	"There was one more thing on the crystal that they left with us.  A message, 
for if you all agreed," she said.  They quieted down, and looked at the projector as 
Washu activated it for the last time.  Achika smiled faintly.  She'd seen it so many 
times that she could repeat it word for word.  The hologram appeared, Tenchi in the 
middle, with Ayeka and Sasami to his right, and Kiyone and Mihoshi on his left.  
There was a brief pause, and then Tenchi began to speak.
	"I know - we all know, really - how strange this all must seem to you.  Believe 
me, at first, for us, it seemed absolutely crazy.  The First and Second Princesses of 
Jurai, living together with a space pirate, an exiled super genius, and two Galaxy Police 
officers at a temple in the middle of nowhere at the end of space.  Mihoshi said it best 
when she told Kiyone that 'Things just kind of developed this way.'"  They laughed on 
the recording, and then Tenchi continued.  "And life is never boring; we've squared off 
against intergalactic bounty hunters, ghosts, been tossed through time and space - more 
than once!
	"But as crazy as it was, for everything that should have been absolutely 
impossible because of who each of us is, nothing could be more natural.  We're a 
family in the most impossible way, but not one of us would change a thing if we 
could."  On the hologram, Ayeka and the others nodded in agreement.  "There will be 
some pretty tough challenges ahead, and all that I can offer is this:  You may not know 
it yet, but you are a family.  Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ryo-Ohki, Washu and 
you, Tenchi.  I don't know if anybody will come to take Ryoko's place or not, but if 
you trust each other, you'll find that no matter the situation, you'll always come through 
together."  He fell silent, and their Kiyone spoke up, putting a hand on Mihoshi's 
shoulder.
	"Hey.  I know that this one can be a real airhead at times, but...  When the 
chips were down, she came through for me.  Don't be afraid to give her a chance, she'll 
surprise you," she said, grinning slightly.  Mihoshi beamed a smile at Kiyone.  The 
hologram's Ayeka cleared her throat.
	"I have to admit, I don't know how much alike we'll be, you and I.  Ryoko... 
had more than a slight hand in my youth.  With any luck, you won't have made the 
same mistakes that I did, and still do, from time to time; thinking of myself as more 
than others simply because of what blood flows in my veins.  It's one of several lessons 
that she has taught me since coming here.  What Lord Tenchi says is true...  somehow, 
despite all our differences, we are a family, and what makes that bond so strong is that 
we know we can depend on one another to be there.  Apart, we could do nothing...  
together, we were unstoppable."  She fell silent, and the hologram Sasami spoke.
	"Hey!  Of all of them, I bet that you're taking all this the best.  These guys 
take a lot of looking after, and they don't make it easy on us!" she laughed, and Achika 
grinned as their Sasami laughed too.  "Don't let them get too serious, Sasami."
	"Don't be afraid to take a leap of faith.  The others will catch you.  If we can 
find another way to contact you, we will; until then, good luck," said Tenchi.  The 
hologram flickered, and then vanished.  Achika looked at them all.  Kiyone's eyes were 
thoughtful; Sasami's smile seemed almost too big for her small, freckled face.  Ayeka 
was looking around as though familiarizing herself with them, and Mihoshi was 
grinning, looking at Kiyone.  Of all of them, though, she was most worried about 
Tenchi and Kei.
	Kei was speaking to Tenchi excitedly,  Ryo-Ohki back on her shoulder - 
Achika made a mental note to get some carrots out of the veggie shed - and Tenchi 
grinning, nodding now and then, with his arm about her shoulders.  But just as she 
looked at him, he glanced at her.  She could see the questions in his eyes, the wonder...  
and the disappointment.  She supposed that she couldn't blame him, after all, this was a 
lot to take all at once.  Had she been in his place, she knew that she would have been a 
little unhappy all this had been kept from her.  Nobuyuki put his hand on her shoulder.
	"I know what you're thinking Achika, but we couldn't have told him.  There 
was too much of a chance that today might not come, and then where would we be?  At 
least he could have lived a normal life," he said softly.  She squeezed his hand.
	"I know.  But I still have to wonder," she said, smiling slightly.
	"Tenchi is as prepared as he can be.  Having known would not have made a 
difference," said her father, as he joined them.  "In fact, it may have only made things 
harder on him.  Having a skill and knowing you must one day use it often makes it too 
easy to use.  Tenchi has always been willing to learn the sword, but never eager to use 
it."  Achika nodded; she'd seen how far Tenchi would go to avoid a fight.  Not because 
he was afraid to fight, but because he didn't want something to come to needless blows.
	"This is the real start, and now it's in their hands," said Achika.  They both 
nodded gravely.
	"Well, I suppose that I had better start getting dinner ready," said Nobuyuki, 
after a moment.  "With this many, it will take awhile."  Achika grinned, and nodded, as 
she looked at the clock.  She blinked; could it really only be six thirty?
	"Can I help?" asked Sasami, as she wandered over to their little group.  "I 
don't get the chance very often back home, with all the cooks and helpers and stuff, but 
I really enjoy cooking."  Achika, Nobuyuki and Yosho looked at each other, and 
laughed.
	"Sure!  How could I resist such a beautiful young lady's help?" he said, 
grinning.  Sasami laughed, as he led her into the kitchen.  Achika looked around again.  
Kei was talking to Ayeka, and Tenchi with Kiyone and Mihoshi, though every now and 
then he would glance at Kei as though to be sure she was alright.  Achika shook her 
head, grinning.  Already, they looked completely comfortable with each other.
	She jumped, as Ryo-Ohki bumped her forehead into her ankle, and grinned, 
bending to pick up the little furball.  "I think that I know something you'll like to eat."

	Ayeka smiled, as Kei grinned at her.  "A princess, eh?  We don't really have 
them here on Earth anymore - well, I suppose that there is England - but for the most 
part our government is elected," she told her.  Ayeka nodded.
	"I am the First Princess; I stand first in line to inherit the throne when I come 
of age.  Sasami, being my younger sister, stands Second, and as such we have been 
trained for it," she said, before glancing briefly toward the kitchen.  "There are times 
when I envy her.  The duty is mine, unless something untoward were to happen to me; 
she has the time to enjoy herself."  Kei smiled at her.
	"Hey, it's more than I could do.  Only thing I've ever been good at is drawing - 
and keeping Tenchi in line," she laughed.  Ayeka blinked in surprise.
	"You can draw?  But I thought..."  She trailed off abruptly, and blushed for 
being so forward.  Kei laughed again.
	"I'll show you, if you like," she offered.  Ayeka nodded slowly, and Kei 
smiled, before looking at Tenchi.  "Hey, can I borrow your sketch book for a 
moment?"  He nodded, and handed the thick book to her; she flipped it open to a blank 
page and pulled out the pencil tucked into the binder.  Then she frowned a moment.  "I 
did it so long that way that I don't think I can do it this way," she murmured, before 
closing her eyes, and turning her face toward Ayeka.  "May I touch your face for a 
moment?" she asked abruptly.  Ayeka blinked.
	"Pardon?" she asked.  Kei grinned.
	"I know that must sound weird.  I need to feel what you look like - I guess that 
I've drawn blind for so long that I can't do it any other way," she said, grinning again.  
Ayeka nodded.
	"Oh, I think I understand.  Certainly," Ayeka told her.  She smiled, and then 
lightly brushed her hand over her face.  Ayeka very nearly shivered; Kei's touch was 
almost too light to feel, yet, it was nearly intimate at the same time.  Pulling her hand 
away, the young woman looked thoughtful for a moment, and then set the pencil down 
to paper, her eyes still closed.  Ayeka watched in growing amazement as her face 
quickly formed, at first seeming just a bare resemblance and then growing sharper and 
sharper.
	"No matter how many times she's done that for me, I've never gotten used to 
how well she does it," laughed Tenchi, as he watched Kei work.  She glanced at him 
briefly, though her hand never stopped moving on the paper.
	"Hush, you'll throw my concentration.  I'm almost done," she scolded him, 
grinning.  Ayeka realized with a start that they had gathered a surprising audience; 
Achika was watching with a wide smile, Kiyone was staring in surprise and Mihoshi 
was grinning at them.  Kei added a few flecks to her irises, and then smiled, nodding, 
and opening her eyes.  "Even if I do say so myself, not a bad job," she said, grinning 
and then handing the sketchbook to her.  Then she took an abrupt double take at her 
audience, and blushed.
	"I feel like I'm looking into a mirror," said Ayeka softly.  She'd seen holo-
pictures of herself that were less detailed than this image.  Tenchi grinned, and gave 
Kei's shoulder a squeeze as she blushed again.  Ayeka glanced to Tenchi.  "Would you 
mind if I removed this to keep?" she asked him.
	"Feel free," he said, smiling.  Ayeka carefully removed the page from the 
book.
	"Hey everybody!  Dinner's ready!" called Sasami, as she and Nobuyuki 
pushed a cart laden with sizzling, absolutely wonderful smelling food.  Ayeka's 
stomach rumbled loudly, reminding her that she hadn't eaten since before landing.  
Smiling and carefully folding the drawing to tuck away into her robe, she rose, and 
joined the others at the table.

	Tenchi yawned, and idly wondered how he could possibly be tired, after all 
that he'd been told today.  Upon reflection, he realized that that was probably why he 
was so exhausted.  After all, he thought with a wry grin, it wasn't every day that he met 
four aliens, two of them princesses, found out that he himself was quarter alien, and 
that the universe would be unmade unless he did something about it.  Oh yeah, and his 
mother and the girl he loved shouldn't exist.  Yeah, nothing exhausting about any of 
that...
	That brought Tenchi to a pause; how natural it felt to think that he loved Kei.  
He realized that he'd never really put too much thought in that direction, yet now that 
he'd considered it...  Tenchi realized that more and more often, he'd come to think in 
terms of Kei and him, rather than just himself.  But it just felt so...  He sighed again, as 
he bee-lined for his room, intending to fall asleep before he'd even gotten through the 
door.  Tenchi figured that his body knew enough to get him into his bed before giving 
up the ghost.
	Stubbornly though, his mind refused to stop thinking.  It had been very weird 
to see himself in that recording, to hear himself talking about them.  That Tenchi had 
sounded at the same time older than him in some ways, but younger in others.  There 
had been a tightness in his eyes, of having done things he'd not wanted to.  But there 
had been a note of enjoyment in his voice when he'd spoken of all they'd done, too.
	"Tenchi!  Hang on a moment, please," called his mother.  He sighed, and took 
his hand off his doorknob.  He'd almost made it... oh well.  Achika smiled at him a 
little sadly.  "Do you want to talk about anything?  You've been awfully quiet, even 
compared to usual."  After a moment, he nodded.
	"Is it really true, what you said about not being alive in that world?" he asked 
finally.  She nodded, sadly.
	"Do you remember when you were only four, and I got so sick?" she asked.  
Tenchi nodded slowly; she'd gone to the hospital and come home on a day that it was 
snowing.  
	"Yeah...  I couldn't understand why everybody was so worried," he said.  
Achika nodded.
	"In their world, Washu wasn't released until after most of the girls had already 
arrived - it was Ryoko that shattered her prison crystal.  Here in this world, Washu was 
awake before you were even born, and as I said earlier, was able to save my life.  
There...  Well, their Washu said that I passed away peacefully," she said quietly.  
Tenchi wondered how she could talk about it so...  calmly.  She was talking about her 
own death!
	"What was he like?  Their me, I mean," he asked.  She blinked, but slowly 
nodded, speaking.
	"Well, for the most part he was a lot like you.  Quieter; a lot more shy.  You 
should understand that I didn't spend as much time with him as I did with Ryoko and 
Ayeka, for the simple fact that it would have been dangerous, both for him and for me.  
I didn't even know who he was until almost the end," she said.  That kind of made 
sense to him, Tenchi thought.  It had always been his mother's charismatic manner that 
he'd looked at life with, rather than his father's shyness.  But if he'd never had his 
mother growing up...  "Don't read into that so much, Tenchi.  You have to remember 
that the two of you have grown up very differently."  He started, and then laughed as 
she seemed to read his mind.
	"I know, Mom," he said, grinning slightly.  "I'm kinda tired, so I'm going to 
get some sleep.  I have the feeling that tomorrow is going to be a day to remember," he 
told her, opening the door and slipping through, not bothering to turn on the light.  
Yawning, he only paused long enough to pull off his shirt before sprawling over the 
bed, not even getting under the covers.  Then he frowned slightly.
	"Jeeze...  This old mattress is getting kinda lumpy," he mumbled to himself.  
He noticed that half of his bed seemed to be moving rhythmically up and down at 
about the same time he heard his mother call, "Oh Tenchi? We're putting Kei in your 
room tonight, the guest room is full."  Half-asleep already, he only nodded and 
mumbled, "Kei in my room tonight, ok," before starting to doze off again.
	Very suddenly though, that sunk in, and settled next to his thought about the 
mattress getting awfully lumpy, and the sensation that half of it was moving.  Very 
slowly, he turned his head toward the side of the bed that was moving.
	And found himself staring into a pair of large, beautiful golden eyes.  Kei 
grinned wryly, and said, "Boo.  So, you think that I'm a lumpy mattress now?"  Tenchi 
just sighed, and rolled over on his side, falling asleep with her soft laughter in his ears.  
He was too tired to give up his bed.

	Sasami woke at a sharp sob from her sister, and yawned sleepily as she rolled 
over.  "Sis...  Wake up Ayeka.  Come on, it's just that dream again," she said quietly, as 
she lightly shook her.  The elder princess whimpered in her sleep.  Sasami jumped as 
Kiyone lightly placed a hand on her shoulder.
	"What's wrong?" she asked softly, and Sasami winced.
	"Oh, don't worry Kiyone - I'm used to this.  Ayeka has a really bad nightmare 
- I guess that its from when she got her scar.  I just want to wake her up before she 
wakes up everybody else," she answered, before turning back to Ayeka.  She'd started 
to sweat; usually that meant the nightmare was getting near to the end.  "Come on 
sister...  wake up."  With a start, Ayeka sat up, looking around wildly and scrabbling to 
get away from her.  Sasami made soothing sounds as she hugged her, and slowly 
Ayeka calmed.  After a moment, she looked at Kiyone, and blushed.
	"Oh dear - did I wake you Kiyone?  I am sorry, I never thought..."  Ayeka 
trailed off as Kiyone smiled, shaking her head.
	"Don't worry about it Ayeka.  I'm a light sleeper - Mihoshi takes a little 
watching after.  Besides, I know what it's like to have nightmares bad enough to wake 
you up," she told her.  Ayeka slowly nodded.
	"If...  I may ask, what... were they?" she asked, after a moment.  Kiyone 
smiled a little sadly.
	"My family was killed in the food riots on Taras Seven when I was just a little 
girl; I was the only one that survived. Just before the mobs swept her and the rest of my 
family away, my mother was able to push me into the Galaxy Police Station.  I used to 
dream of them... a long time ago," she said quietly.  
	"Oh...  I'm sorry," said Ayeka, bowing her head.
	"Don't be.  Really, that was a big part of why I joined the Galaxy Police.  I 
always thought that maybe I'd have the chance to keep it from happening to anybody 
else," answered the detective.  Sasami nodded.
	"I understand - it was how you kept them alive inside," she said, smiling.  
Kiyone nodded, and smiled herself.
	"Something like that.  What about you two?  I have to admit, you aren't 
exactly what I'd pictured you to be like," she said.  Sasami giggled, and Ayeka 
chuckled softly.
	"There are times when I think that I am two people; the Princess that the 
vidcams and reporters see, and Ayeka, who my friends see."  She paused a moment, 
and then lightly touched the scar.  "She was right; before I got this, I too often thought 
that I was special just because of my bloodlines, but I was hurt just as easily as the 
little girl - Ryoko - was.  It made me realize that I had to earn that so-called nobility; it 
is not something one is born with."  Kiyone nodded.
	"You're doing a good job of it.  Even out here, everybody talks about how 
glad they'll be when you accept the throne," said Kiyone, and Ayeka smiled in 
acknowledgement of the compliment.  Sasami grinned.
	"You know, I could see us meeting the way Achika told us, living together.  
Tenchi - I mean, the Tenchi in that message - was right.  It does seem kinda crazy, but 
it just feels... I don't know, natural.  Like it shouldn't be any other way," she said, 
laughing.  Ayeka smiled slightly.
	"It does, doesn't it, Sasami?  Somehow, I know this to be as much my home as 
Jurai," she said, and after a moment, Kiyone nodded in agreement, before abruptly 
smiling.
	"A family, he called us.  Maybe I'm a little out of practice, but I think I'm 
going to enjoy learning how to be a part of one again," she said, laughing.  Sasami 
laughed too, and Ayeka smiled.
	"I believe that we will enjoy having you as part of one."

	Tenchi frowned, as he looked about himself.  He wasn't sure how, but he 
knew he was in a dream.  Yet, it was more than simply a dream; he was aware of 
himself, aware that he was in a dream.  There were no lights that he could see, yet there 
was a strange half-light that came from everything and nothing.  He was in a hall; the 
walls glistening red stone, floors of raven black marble polished until he was looking 
back at himself.  There was no ceiling that he could see; the walls just rose into empty 
darkness. Ahead of him, the hall cornered away in a t-intersection.  Frowning, he 
turned around, and found a blank wall of the same, strange, glistening red stone.
	He frowned again, lightly reaching out to touch the wall, and then blinked.  
The stone was moist with something; his fingertips came away stained with crimson.  
After a moment, a cold ball formed in the pit of his stomach, as he realized, 
considering the usual trend to his dreams lately, what it probably was.  Scowling, he 
wiped it away on his pants, and turned, walking toward the intersection. 
	The hall stretched on past his view in both directions, vanishing into a misty 
haze.  Tenchi sighed again, and frowning, turned and started walking down the right-
hand corridor.  "Hello!  Anybody here?" he shouted, as he walked.  The only answer 
was the sound of his own voice echoing back to him.  "A maze," he sighed.  "With my 
luck, I'll walk right into a trap," he muttered.  
	He wasn't sure how long he moved along the hall; it just stretched on, and on, 
with no turns or even cubby holes to look into.  It was nothing but the same, polished 
marble floor and glistening stone.  Finally, he stopped, and turned back around.  
"Huh!?"  Behind him was the same, featureless wall that had been behind him when 
he'd started.  The corridor was gone, as though it had never existed.  "I guess that I 
can't go back after all."
	Turning back around, he was surprised to find a doorway where the corridor 
had been.  Slowly, he reached forward and opened it.  Inside was a room that appeared 
to be made of crystal, in colors from golden, purples and reds to greens and blues and 
oranges.  Tenchi entered slowly, looking around.  The walls here were smooth, though 
here and there were small, almost bush like growths of crystals.  Floor and roof were 
also crystal, but what drew most of his attention was the tall statue in the center of the 
room.  Made of still more crystal that was clear as glass, it was the woman - Ryoko.  
She was a bit taller than he was; slender, but in no way petite.  The statue wore a 
simple dress; just a kimono that seemed vaguely familiar to him - after a moment, he 
recognized it as one of his mother's favorites.  He walked around the statue slowly.
	"Why pick me for this?  Maybe you know the other me, but I have my own 
life.  We aren't the same person!  I don't want this, I was happy as I was," he told the 
statue after a moment.
	"You know, sometimes I still wonder that too, now and then."  Tenchi 
whirled, and started as he saw himself, if a ghostly, misty copy of himself.  He looked 
as though he was barely holding together; a strong gust of wind might have blown him 
away.  Tenchi frowned.
	"But how...  I take it you're the other me?" he asked.  The ghost grinned 
slightly.
	"Or maybe you're the other me.  It's confusing, isn't it?" he said, laughing.  
The ghost turned toward the statue, and walked toward it a little.  "Washu found a way 
to link us up through our subconscious.  Only catch is, we both have to be asleep for it 
to work," he explained, before grinning wryly.  "We were starting to wonder if you 
ever slept."  Tenchi nodded slowly.
	"Aunt Washu and mother were explaining - trying to, at least - what had 
happened.  They've all arrived, unless you're expecting anybody other than Ayeka, 
Sasami, Kiyone and Mihoshi," he told him.  The ghost winced, laughing.
	"AUNT Washu?  Things must have been interesting growing up with her 
around as an Aunt!  And mother?  Did Dad remarry there?  But to answer your 
question, we were thinking that Nagi might show up, too.  But Washu doubted it," he 
said.
	"Nagi?  Nevermind, I'm having enough trouble keeping their names straight 
as it is," he said, before frowning.  How to explain that his mother had never died?  The 
simple truth was probably best.  "Um, mother...  Well, you see, my... mother is still 
alive.  Aunt was able to save her," he said.  The ghost smiled slightly, nodding.
	"Washu said that her double might be able to save her.  You're lucky.  I 
haven't seen her for a long time...  I miss her a lot," he said quietly, before looking at 
the statue.  "She is beautiful, isn't she?  Ryoko usually doesn't wear things like that - 
she's too proud of her body to hide it under a kimono like Ayeka.  Which isn't to say 
that Ayeka isn't proud of her body, but she is very rooted in tradition, and Juraian 
tradition says you avoid revealing  yourself if you can."  The ghost shook his head.  
"Strange that I can say that so easily to you, when I can barely admit it to myself.  I 
don't think I could say the same to Ryoko if it meant my life."  Tenchi frowned at him.
	"Just say it.  It's not that difficult, is it?  If it's what you believe, then just say 
it," he told him.  "I've never had any trouble telling Kei that she's beautiful."  His ghost 
looked at him curiously.
	"Who's Kei?" he asked.  Tenchi smiled slightly.
	"I guess that she is our Ryoko, or at least mine.  She was born blind; Aunt has 
just repaired her vision."  He paused a moment.  "She's everything I could ever hope 
for, and more than I deserve," he said softly.  The ghost grinned at him for a moment.
	"We're not so different, even if I doubt I could ever be quite that up front," he 
said.  Then he grew serious.  "If we find anything important, I'll tell you through this 
dream.  Watch out for trouble to come out of the woodwork - we seem to be a magnet 
for it.  Especially if you meet a man named Kagato.  He may be after Ayeka and 
Sasami, and he's very powerful."  He sighed as his wrist watch beeped.  "I told them to 
wake me up in thirty minutes, and it's almost that time now.  Good luck.  We may meet 
in person yet."  The ghost started to turn, and then paused.
	"If she means to you what Ryoko means to me, don't wait.  I did, and now I 
might never get the chance to tell her," he said quietly.  Then he abruptly vanished, 
leaving Tenchi alone with the statue.
	"What am I supposed to do?"
