Might and Magic-chap.1 back to earth


Disclamer- I dont own the characters and settings that this story is based
on (pioneer and AIC do) just the story that i wrote so dont sue me or i'll
counter sue be cause i can do that but ill probably lose and have to live
out on the streets sooner than i expect.

Back to earth
Haven looked around and saw the krow begin to chant and suddenly he could
feel his whole body begin to hurt. He knew he couldn’t stop the spell and
had only one choice he began to gather energy, he could feel it and pain
begin to course through his body, suddenly he felt himself ready, but
wasn’t sure. He shot out his and suddenly……

Haven woke up sweating all over. He looked around and then realized he was
only dreaming. It was that nightmare again. The nightmare had plagued him
for months now and he knew he had to find out what it meant. He got up out
of the chair he was sleeping in and checked a screen in the back of the
large bridge on his ship. The monitor showed he still had three hours till
he would arrive on earth and for some reason he couldn’t wait.
He glanced over at the package large package he was supposed to deliver. It
was a large package about his size and would have given someone else trouble
lifting it onto his ship but for him it was like anyone else lifting a big
plush toy off the ground. He didn’t really want to waste his time playing
delivery boy for the GP(Galaxy Police), but when they told him it was going
to earth immediately sparked his interest. Why? He didn’t know but for
some reason he believed he might find some answers there. Answers to where
he came from.
Haven sat down on the captains chair sliding his wolf like tail through the
hole he made in the back. He pressed some buttons on the console and a
holographic view of earth appeared in front of him. The door in the back of
the bridge slid open with a clank. Haven looked over and saw it was his pets
Loki and Talon. Loki was a asteroid wolf, they lived on asteroids that were
found orbiting Jerai, they were a very large species and Loki was large even
for one of his own. His size matched that of most tigers. Talon was raven
that was given to him by a friend of his. He never got her name, but knew
she was a bounty hunter like him, she had gotten a hold of it when she had
visited earth to get the space pirate Ryoko. He never asked why she came
back empty handed except for the bird, he assumed she must of killed her.
Talon was given to him because she said it reminded of the bird he saw in
one of his recurring nightmares. After a few weeks of looking through his
spell books his mentor gave him he was able to enchant the bird so like Loki
it could speak and understand him. They were both his favorite friends and
they would do anything to protect him and have.
“Is that the planet,” Loki asked. “It has a lot of water”
Haven nodded but said nothing. Haven never talked but always listened. He
was a good artist but had not gotten into until he decided to draw
everything he saw in his nightmares. As he looked at the planet it made him
feel like he had been there before.
“I hope the food is good,” Talon screeched. “Kaw, I like food.”
“We’re here to make a delivery to that princess aeka,” Loki said with
a growl. “not so you fill that bottomless pit you call a stomach.”
“Haven, we are going to visit some restraunts  when we get there I’m
hungry.”
Haven merely smiled not listening to him. He wondered what he would find on
earth and wondered why his mentor never allowed him to come here when rumors
that Ryoko was here started to spread. He had only said "she isn't bothering
anyone" so he never came here after his mentor died. His attention was soon
shifted over to his friends who had started argueing over what to do after
they had delivered the package. Talon said they should visit resturaunts
while Loki reminded him that Haven might want to find some clues of his past
which silenced the raven right away knowing that Loki had to be right.
Three hours later Haven began to enter the atmosphere. His path was
tempoarily obstructed by a large winged lizard but Haven easily moved aside
with no damage to the hull. As soon as he was through he could make out his
destination on the holographic viewer. A ship on it looing like his told him
he would have to land in the field seeing that its bulk would barely fit
there. A few minutes later the holograchic ship hit the ground and His
friends fell over with the sudden jolt the ship made.
Haven got up and lifted the large metal box and made his way towards the
airlock. Talon flew onto the top of the box. As Haven stepped out he saw
that he had landed in some farmers field. "Nice some farmer is going to be a
celeberty after he sees we destroyed his carrot patch." Talon screeched out.
If Haven talked he probably would of asked him what he meant by that ubtil
he realized this was a backwater planet and he had probably signaled to some
military that aliens were invading.
Haven quickly picked up his pace not wanting to start any trouble just in
case. He immediatly noticed a someone sitting stunned for a few minutes but
then seemed to pretend like something like this happened to him everyday.
Haven saw he had what looked to him hazel eyes and black hair that was cut
short and had a pony tail in the back. He wasn't very big but haven
remembered looks can be decieving.
Haven then switched his perception. It was a trick he always knew. In space
it took some concentration but it would immeadiately be easier to do when he
entered a planets atmosphere. It enabled him to see peaples auras. It would
show their true forms and sometimes much more. When his perception shifted
the ground immediately became grey, the trees and the stranger became
brighter, but unlike the trees this person had fire surrounding. It was no
normal flame and it told Haven one thing. "He is of Jurai" Talon exclaimed.
"and imppresive power.
"H..hello im tenchi," the stranger said, "can i help you with something."
Haven thought at first he was showing caution, but while looking at him he
immediately knew that this Tenchi was shook up by his sudden appearance and
at the same time was upset about something.
"We have come to..." were all the words that Talon said when suddenly she
appeared. Haven knew he she was, she had caught his attention when she said
something he couldn't hear. She charged them yelling out a battle cry which
sounded like "tenchi my love watch out."
Suddenly like instinct Haven began to gather his power while at the same
time thanking the gods his mentor had told him about. Slowing everything
began to slow down. Haven not wanting to let Tenchi get hurt dropped the
package and moved him out of the way. He stood his ground looking at Ryoko's
aura to find a weakness to use against but noticed that she was showing
feelings like she was only there to protect Tenchi. Time stood still for a
few seconds as his mentors words echoed in his head. " she isn't bothering
anyone." In a split second before she could slice him through he dodged to
the left and turned around. When turned he saw that ryoko had accidently got
her sword stuck in the large fusaloge of his ship. Thinking fast he grabbed
a pendant out of his trenchcoat he focused his energy through magnifying it
and started to contain the ship in a large field of energy then it blew up.
It took him all the strength he had to contain the energy. After the
explosion had become nothing but large hunks of metal on the ground he
started to black out. The last thing he saw was the body of Loki. Instead of
being  bright like that of all living beings it was gray except for a small
patch of light at his mouth. Then Haven blacked out.

Haven could make out two people. A man and woman. They were argueing. They
were both wearing what looked like uniforms. The uniforms had a camoflauge
pattern  and they both were wearing red berets. They immediately stopped
argueing and looked at him saluting him as he approached them. he couldn't
make out what they were saying but they were smiling and laughing then
suddenly everything changed. Where the two was argueing there was a large
crater and floating over it was the krow laughing with pride at something he
had just done. His purple skin and green hair were slightly singed then he
turned his completely red eyes towar him with a look a butcher gets when he
his deciding on how to slice a slab of meat.

Haven woke up and tried to sit up immeadiatly but something was holing him
down. He looked down and saw that he was strapped down. He calmed himself
down and decided since he wasn't going anywhere he would wait then suddenly
the pain hit him. His insides burned and he had a large pain in his head.
Without thinking he started to gather energy into himself the pain began to
subside he could feel his bones going back into place. He sat and rested for
alittle bit then tested the the straps that were holding him down. They were
in firm but he could hear them strain to keep him down.
He concentrated and he felt himself become stronger and then suddenly they
gave away making a loud snap whenever one gave away. Somewhat fatigued he
looked around and saw what remained of his pendant sitting shattered under
what looked like a microscope. An egg was sitting next to it in an incubater
giving off a faint glow.
"So you're awake and managed to break those straps, i'm impressed."
Haven was suddenly startled by the presence of what looked like a twelve
year old girl with pink hair and green eyes. She was wearing what Haven
thought was a rediculously looking nurses uniform. He couldn't help but
laugh at her.
"Whats so funny, Kkkaawww." Haven then noticed that sitting on her shoulder
was Talon who was giving of the emotion of confusion. Haven stopped laughing
when he remembered that Loki was dead. He gave Talon a look of sadnees that
Talon took as the question of what happened to Loki. "Yes he died, but
managed to make an egg with his last dying breath."
Putting it out of his mind he immediately turned his attention to the nurse.
There was a second of silence until she broke it. " you shouldn't be up you
um... nevermind." She was going to tell him he was injured but a glance was
all that was needed to tell her that he was fully healed. "My names Little
Washu, The greatest genious in the universe."
After she was done talking two little versions of herself popped out of
knowhere startling Talon yelling in unison "Yes, no one is smarter than
Washu."
After they disappeared Haven switched his perception again and got a
surprise. She had a the fire of a goddess but it was for some reason
suppressed he could tell she was looking him with some amusement.
"Maybe you could tell me your name Hercules." She said.
Haven stayed silent as Talon did a little cough and shaking his feathers in
a regal manner began his speech that Haven had heard before many times. "He
is the greatest bounty hunter in the stars. he has the greatest record ever
boasting to have brought back all his bounties alive. He is the were wolf.
He is the unbeatable. He is Haven Ironhead Smith."
After he was done he fluffed his feathers again and began to pace the metal
table that Haven was laying on. "Well isn't that speacial." Was what washu
had to say after the raven was finished. Insulted by this Talon flared his
feathers and opened his wings giving her a menacing hiss. "Well anyway while
you're awake maybe you could tell me how you contained the blast of that
ship."
"He couldn't tell you if he wanted to he doesn't talk and never will." Talon
hissed. Talon then spread his wings again and flew out an open door on the
other side the infirmary.
Seconds later a middle aged man walked in with an aura simial to Tenchi's.
"How is he doing?" He asked.
"He is fully recovered, and his name is Haven," Answered Washu. "Talon told
me before off in huff."
"Well then since you dont have a way home you can stay here we have plenty
of room, My son in law said it was okay." Haven merely nodded.
_______________________________________________________________________

Well theres my first story and I may have gotten a few things wrong but hey
if the owners of the anime show can change things around each series so can
I, i guess. Everyone email me so I can get your input.
