MIHOSHI:  LUCKY GIRL
by da drew-meista
copyright 1999

DISCLAIMER
all characters are copyright of AIC/PIONEER
(please don't sue, I don't have any money to give you anyway)

Notes:  I got the idea for this after I watched the Time and Space
Adventures from the TV series.  Uptil this point, I hadn't seen Mihoshi
show any signs of liking Tenchi(at least, not that I saw).  I was
inspired by the thing with Mihoshi as Tenchi's wife and also by the
fanfic "A Momentary Attack of Thought" by BGlanders.  I thought might be
an interesting idea to pursue so here for your enjoyment, I present...

Mihoshi: Tenchi's Choice
      "You WHAT?" exclaimed Ryoko and Aeka in unison.
     "I am going to marry Mihoshi," said Tenchi.  
     "Miho..." stammered Ryoko.  She phased in with her arms around
Tenchi.  "What do you mean, Tenchi?  We're lovers.  Remember?" she said
in her most pitiful voice.            
     "RYOKO!!!  GET AWAY FROM HIM," shouted Aeka.  Ryoko turned to Aeka
and started to speak.  
     "Now, Aeka--"  She was interrupted by Tenchi's escape from her
grasp.  
     "Ryoko, we are not lovers.  Friends, yes.  Lovers, no," he said.  
     "But Lord Tenchi, what about Jurai and our marriage?" asked Aeka,
somewhat less politely than normal.  
     "I will still be a prince of Jurai.  Marrying outside the royal
family is not forbidden last time I checked.  Miss Aeka, I think very
highly of you and am glad to call you a friend but it would never work
out between us.  Besides, I'm sick of all the fighting between you,
because of me.  This is for the best.  And I love Mihoshi," said Tenchi,
a note of finality in his voice.  
     "What in the universe does she have that I don't have?" asked
Ryoko, shocked.  
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
      Tenchi was still recuperating from that last wild ride with Ryoko
and he wasn't sure he was ready for another.  After Washu had retrieved
them all from their various universes and brought them back to the
original one, Tenchi had gone straight to bed for a lllooonnnggg nap. 
Surviving Aeka and Ryoko had exhausted him.  When he awoke, Sasami had
prepared a bowl of his favorite soup for him.  "Thank you very much,
Sasami.  Mmmm, this is good," said Tenchi with a smile.  
     "Thank you, Tenchi," said Sasami with a bow.  Ryo-ohki let out a
miya and pounced onto Tenchi's lap.  He smiled and petted her.  "Miya,
miya," she purred in contentment.     
     "Come on, Ryo-ohki.  Let Tenchi eat his soup," said Sasami.  
     "Miya," said the cabbit and with a little leap, she landed squarely
on Sasami's head.  A moment after Sasami walked out, he heard a scuffle
in the hall.  
     "I was here first, you can talk to him later," said Ryoko.  
     "Lord Tenchi needs someone to care for him right now.  He is
exhausted after that wild trip *you* took him on," came Aeka's strained
yet polite voice from the hallway.  
     "What, so you're blaming me?  He's just a little tired.  Besides he
loved that.  It's better than being the fiancé of a domineering princess
in ancient Japan with nothing to do but cater to your every whim,"
retorted Ryoko.  Tenchi could just see Aeka turning red.  
     "What do you mean?  'Cater to my every whim'?  Lord Tenchi was
happy there, at least until he was sent to deal with you.  You corrupted
his sense of morality.  You, a demon, seduced him and tried to embarrass
him in front of me," accused Aeka.  
     "He wanted to be with me.  Wasn't it obvious.  He didn't want to be
trapped into some marriage where he'd be your footstool and personal
servant," answered Ryoko.  
     "How dare you!  You have no right to accuse a princess of Jurai of
any such acts," said Aeka, her voice growing angry.  "Azaka, Kamidake,
come to me," said Aeka, her voice almost to a shriek.  Ryoko was
backpedaling as the cylinders started to form around her.  
     "Princess, you know I was only kidding," she said, her voice
quavering a little bit.  Tenchi knew what would happen if he didn't stop
it.  
     Azaka and Kamidake appeared, "Yes, Princess?"  "Trap her," ordered
Aeka.  Within seconds, Ryoko was trapped inside a force field and
suspended between Azaka and Kamidake.  Tenchi stepped into the hallway
only moments before Aeka was going to release her wrath on Ryoko, who
was not looking too good at the moment.  
     "Lord Tenchi," said Aeka, immediately becoming demure.    
     "Miss Aeka, would you please stop fighting with Ryoko," said
Tenchi.
     "But Lord Tenchi, Ryoko has insulted my family honor.  She must be
punished," answered Aeka.  
     "Please, would you two stop fighting.  I'm sick and tired of always
being the one to suffer when you to fight.  Either one of you ends up in
pain or my house gets destroyed or something.  You two have to stop
fighting," said Tenchi, letting the words come out that he had been
bottling up for so long.  
     "Aeka, you have got to control your temper and not always suspect
that when I'm out of your sight, I'm with Ryoko.  You're not my
baby-sitter.  And Ryoko, I don't appreciate you always hanging all over
me.  It's embarrassing and annoying," he continued.  
     "But Tenchi, I thought you liked me," said Ryoko, petulantly.  
     "I do, as a friend.  And the same for you, Princess Aeka.  But I'm
not interested in a love relationship with a woman who continually
fights over me and treats me like her personal property.  Ryoko, don't
look smug.  You do it too," said Tenchi.  Ryoko sputtered and turned red
while Aeka smiled a little.  "This is what I'm talking about.  You two
take pleasure in inflicting pain or embarrassment on the other and I
don't want my friends to be fighting with each other.  What good is it
going to do you?  It doesn't impress me any that Ryoko can blast Aeka
with a million fireballs or if Aeka can trap Ryoko in a force field and
hurt her with those floating cylinders.  Your fighting is pointless
because it only makes me dislike you, not like you," said Tenchi.  
     This time, Aeka sputtered.  "Azaka and Kamidake, release Ryoko,"
ordered Aeka, her face betraying the guilt she felt.  
     "Yes, Princess," they replied in unison.  Ryoko floated to the
ground, showing the same guilt as Aeka.  Tenchi returned to his room and
slammed the door, the noise making both girls flinch.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     When Tenchi came down from his room an hour later, Ryoko was in her
usual spot, watching Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi clean the house and
Aeka was standing out by the lake.  "Hi Tenchi," said Mihoshi with a big
smile.  "Kiyone and I thought we'd drop in for the afternoon and see how
you were doing after our big adventure," she said.  
     Tenchi returned her smile and said, "Thanks Mihoshi.  Yeah, I'm
still a little tired but Sasami's soup got me going again."  He flashed
a smile at Sasami who just giggled.  Ryo-ohki miya'ed.  Kiyone walked in
and greeted Tenchi.  "Hi Kiyone, you look as good as always," said
Tenchi.  
     "You have no idea," replied Kiyone.  
     "Oh, I think I might," he said with a wink and then a slight tilt
of the head towards Ryoko and Aeka.  Kiyone smiled and then went into
the kitchen.  
     "Tenchi, do you know what's wrong with Ryoko and Aeka?  They've
been in their own little worlds for the last hour or so," said Mihoshi.  
     "I don't know," answered Tenchi.  "Do you guys need any help?" he
asked.  
     "Nope, we've got it all under control," said Sasami as Katsuhito
walked in.  
     "Well, have a good nap, Tenchi?" he asked.  
     "Yes, Grandpa," answered Tenchi with a slight bow.      
     "Good, it's time for practice," said Katsuhito.  Tenchi's face
fell.  
     "But Grandfather," he started.  
     "No buts, I'll expect you in ten minutes," he said, his voice
leaving no room for argument.  
     "Yes, sir," Tenchi's voice had no enthusiasm.  Katsuhito left as
quickly as he came.  Tenchi saw him go down and speak to Aeka before
continuing towards the shrine.  Just as Tenchi was going to follow him,
Washu stuck her head through a hole in space.  
     "Hey Tenchi," she said, her face a smile.  
     "Hi Washu," he said, somewhat dejectedly.  
     "What's wrong?" she asked, suddenly concerned.  
     "Oh, I just have to go practice and I just got up," said Tenchi.  
     "Uh-huh.  I just wanted to tell you that I fixed the Dimensional
Cause and Effect Controller," said Washu.  
     "You what?  I thought you were gonna destroy that thing," said
Tenchi, a look of horror on his face.  
     "Destroy it?  Are you crazy?  That has been my most ingenious
invention in over 2,000 years," said Washu.  
     Her little puppets popped up, "You are a genius, Washu." "You're
the greatest, Washu."  Tenchi smiled at them and Mihoshi, who had been
watching the exchange, giggled.  
     They both looked quizzically at her before continuing.  "Washu, if
anyone gets their hands on that thing, it could be mean trouble.  And I
doubt you've forgotten the last incident," said Tenchi.  
     "Don't worry, I've fixed all that.  Now it will only take commands
from me and me alone," said Washu.  
     "That's a comforting thought," said Tenchi, dryly.    
     "What?  I wouldn't do anything to hurt you or anybody else," said
Washu, putting on her most innocent face.  
     "Yeah right.  Anyway, I've gotta go practice with Grandpa.  See ya
later, Washu," he said.  
     "Bye Tenchi," said Mihoshi, waving with a big smile on her face.  
     "Bye, Mihoshi.  Bye, Sasami," he said, smiling.  
     "Have fun, Tenchi," replied Sasami as she waved with her big spoon
from the kitchen.

     Five minutes later, Tenchi arrived at the training area where
Katsuhito was waiting for him.  
     "You're two minutes late.  Extra practice for you," he said. 
Tenchi sighed and picked up a boken.  "You may begin," nodded
Katsuhito.  Tenchi jumped onto the pegs of wood and began to repeatedly
hit the stick on a string with his boken while leaping from peg to peg. 
Once he got into a regular rhythm, his mind began to wander back to the
events of the morning.  
     He was glad that he had finally been able to make his true feelings
known to Ryoko and Aeka.  Their fighting would have hurt someone other
than themselves before too long and he hoped he had put a stop to it. 
Then he began to consider the two, comparing them.  Ryoko was outgoing,
well maybe a little more than outgoing.  He knew that she liked him but
her endless and blatant advances were beginning to wear on him.  Aeka on
the other hand, was sweet and polite, always knowing when to smile
coyly.  However, her temper was not something Tenchi wanted directed at
him.  He also was a little bit wary of her flaunting her nobility and
did not want to end up like her in any way, shape, or form.  Though he
was of Juraian stock, he was not quite ready to accept his
responsibility as a Juraian prince.  That is exactly what would happen
if he were to marry Aeka.  Then he thought of something that Washu's
Dimensional Cause and Effect Controller had brought to his attention. 
When he was in Mihoshi's world...Mihoshi?  He had not really considered
the ditzy, clumsy blonde to be interested in him or him in her but that
experience told otherwise.  Why would she make him her husband
unless...Whack!!!  
     "Oww, Grandpa.  What was that for?" asked Tenchi, rubbing the bump
on his head.  
     "You tell me, you weren't concentrating on your practice.  You've
been hitting that stick in precisely the same manner for the last half
hour," said Katsuhito.  
     "Half hour?" asked Tenchi, somewhat surprised.  
     "Yes, I don't know what you were thinking but apparently it is much
more important to you than practicing to become a better swordsman.  I
think I'll let you leave a little bit early so you can think more deeply
on what ever subject it was that you were thinking," said Katsuhito.  
     "Thank you, Grandfather," said Tenchi.  He bowed deeply to
Katsuhito before hurrying off into the woods.  Katsuhito watched him go,
laughing inwardly.
     
     Tenchi sat down under a huge oak tree and immediately sank back
into his thoughts.  
     Why would Mihoshi make him her husband?  She must like him, at
least a little.  Then he thought of other times.  He could remember the
times when Ryoko and Aeka had both been hovering over him.  He could see
Mihoshi sitting across the room, a look of sorrow in her eyes.  Now he
knew what she was thinking.  When he thought about it, he had similar
feelings for her.  They weren't the same as what he felt for Ryoko and
Aeka but still.  He considered Ryoko and Aeka to be dear friends,
despite their flaws, and liked both of them, but not as a girlfriend or
lover.  
     He mulled on this for a while.  

     An hour later, Mihoshi was taking a bag of garbage out to the trash
bin.  
     She saw Tenchi coming out of the woods and she waved to him,"Hi
Tenchi."  
     "Hi Mihoshi," said Tenchi, his expression quickly turning to dismay
when he realized that Mihoshi was waving at him with both hands.  
     "Mihoshi!  Look--"  THUMP! "--out!" The overstuffed bag of garbage
fell to the ground and trash poured out on to the sidewalk.  Mihoshi
looked down and saw the mess.  
     She burst into tears,"I'm sorry!!!" Tenchi ran over and tried to
comfort her.  "I'm so sorry.  I'll clean it up.  I'm sorry," she wept.  
     "Mihoshi, it's okay.  I'll help you clean it up," he said as he
grabbed her shoulders and forced to look up at him.  "It's okay. 
Accidents happen to everyone," he said with a smile.  He began to pick
up the assortment of used food containers and food wastes from Sasami's
cooking.  
     "Oh, thanks Tenchi," she stuttered as she hurried to help him. 
Between the two of them, they cleaned up the mess and managed to get the
garbage into the trash bin.  As they were walking back, Tenchi looked at
Mihoshi.  
     "Mihoshi," he started.  She looked up quickly and then burst into
tears again.  "I'm sorry about the broken window and the door.  I didn't
see Ryoko and--" she stopped as Tenchi interrupted her.  
     "Mihoshi, I'm not mad about that.  All I was going to say or rather
ask was why did you have me to be your husband in your universe?"  
     "Uhh,  well, you see.  I wanted to, well...oh Tenchi, I can't stand
to see Ryoko hanging all over you and then fighting with Aeka over you. 
I mean, they're nice people but, well..."  Mihoshi sighed. 
"...Tenchi..." she stopped.  
     "Yes, Mihoshi?" he said, smiling.  
     "I love you, Tenchi.  I didn't realize it at first.  I thought you
were a nice guy and all but I figured I had no chance against Ryoko or
Aeka.  I mean, look at Ryoko.  She's got a body to match and she's not
nearly as clumsy as me.  And Aeka a princess of Jurai and you two are
related.  She's much more suited for you than me.  But it doesn't
matter.  I'm clumsy and I'm always getting Kiyone into trouble. 
Besides, what kind of guy likes a girl like me.  I screw up everything. 
I mean I may be a ditz but I'm not stupid.  I just don't get everything
right all the time.  Oh, why am I telling you this.  You wouldn't care
anyway," said Mihoshi.  
     "You're wrong, Mihoshi.  I do care.  I don't care that you don't
always do everything right.  Like I said, accidents happen to everyone,
some more often than others.  But that doesn't make them any less
deserving of love and respect.  Mihoshi, I think you are one of the most
beautiful and most intelligent girls I know.  I may not have shown it
yet, but I haven't had much choice.  I'm sure you've noticed that I'm
nearly drowning under Ryoko and Aeka.  You care about other people and
you're not afraid to admit your mistakes.  No one is perfect.  Mihoshi,
I love you too," said Tenchi.  With that, he started to lean forward to
kiss her when he heard a roar behind him.  
     "Ryoko, you won't get away," screamed Aeka as she let loose a blast
from her floating cylinders.  Ryoko, meanwhile was flying straight at
Mihoshi and Tenchi.  
     "Tenchi!  Watch out," she shouted as she collided with him.  They
fell down in a heap with Ryoko lying face down on top of Tenchi, her
face right next to him.  "Hi Tenchi," she said.  "I was wondering when
you would get home--" she was interrupted by Aeka.  
     "Get away from him, you demon," she shouted.  Floating cylinders
began to appear around Mihoshi, Ryoko, and Tenchi.           
     "Aeka!  Please don't do this," begged Mihoshi as she looked in fear
at the cylinders.  
     "Ryoko!  Get away from him," screamed the slightly crazed Aeka.  
     "PRINCESS AEKA!!!" shouted Tenchi at the top of his voice.  His
voice cracked the crazed mind of Aeka and brought her back to reality.  
     "Oh, Lord Tenchi.  I'm sorry for my behavior.  Ryoko just insulted
me severely however and I must have restitution," said Aeka.  
     "Take it somewhere else," ordered Tenchi.  
     "Yes, Lord Tenchi," bowed Aeka as she turned to leave.  
     As Ryoko stood, she smiled evily and laughed as some of the garbage
from the trash bin fell on Aeka.  
     Meanwhile, Tenchi was helping Mihoshi up.  Aeka's face grew red
with rage and the cylinders began to power up.  Ryoko just then realized
how far she had pushed Aeka.  "Ryoko, demon, YOU WILL PAY," she said as
she turned.  Tenchi just then realized what was happening.  
     "AEKA!!!," was the last thing he said before the energy pulsed
through Her body.  
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	
     Aeka wept uncontrollably as her sister tried to comfort her.  "I
feel just terrible about what happened.  If it hadn't been for that
dirty rat, Ryoko, this would never have happened.  I do hope Mihoshi
recovers quickly," said Aeka.  
     "Oh, so it's all my fault?  I'm not the one that fired that blast. 
You're the one that lost your temper," retorted Ryoko.  
     "You provoked me, demon," answered Aeka.  
     "Would you two shut up.  All you care about is your little
squabble.  I don't care if you love Tenchi or not.  What you did was
inexcusable.  You both should be ashamed of yourselves," said Kiyone,
glaring at both of them.  Ryoko returned her glare with stony silence
while Aeka continued to meditate on her feet.  Sasami said nothing but
sat down beside Aeka while Ryo-Ohki miya'ed softly.  Katsuhito came
down, followed by Tenchi.  
     Immediately, all four girls asked the same question, "How's she
doing?"  
     "Mihoshi will be fine.  She's still more than a little scared but
there is no permanent damage.  She's going to rest for a couple of hours
though and she doesn't need any disturbances," said Katsuhito.  When he
was finished, he left and headed for the shrine.  Tenchi quickly glanced
around the room and then followed his grandfather.  
     "Tenchi..." said Sasami.  He looked at her, his eyes betraying the
emotions raging through his soul, and then continued on.

     Tenchi wandered aimlessly through the woods.  His mind was in
turmoil.  Aeka and Ryoko had done exactly what he feared most.  They had
hurt some one he loved while they were fighting over him.  Now, Mihoshi
was in a state of shock, shivering in her room and crying.  She was
scared out of her mind by something she didn't understand.  Now, what
was he going to do about Aeka and Ryoko.  He knew that they hadn't meant
any harm by their antics but some one else had been hurt.  That brought
a new factor into the original equation.  Now, Tenchi would have to
worry about Mihoshi as much as he did about himself.  Ryoko and Aeka
would not be happy to hear that he was in love with another girl besides
them.  
     Tenchi eventually found himself at the shrine where his grandfather
was slowly going through a Tai Chi.  When he saw Tenchi, he stopped. 
"Ah, Tenchi.  Something bothering you?" asked Katsuhito.  
     "Yes, Grandpa.  I'm sure you know what it is, too," answered
Tenchi.  
     "Perhaps, why don't you tell me," suggested Katsuhito.  
     "Well, it all started earlier when I got mad at Ryoko and Aeka for
fighting all the time.  I thought I had convinced them to stop until
this afternoon.  Even though it was Aeka who delivered the final bolt,
both she and Ryoko started fighting again.  When I saw what happened to
Mihoshi, it scared me.  I didn't really mind their fighting all that
much, at least when it didn't affect other people.  But now, someone
else has been hurt and it isn't all fun and games anymore.  I don't know
what to do about it," explained Tenchi.  
     "Hmmm.  You're not telling me everything," said Katsuhito.  Tenchi
looked up.  "Tenchi, what else is going on?  Mihoshi will be fine.  So
you can't be worried about that," he continued.  
     "Well, Grandpa.  Mihoshi and I are, well, in love," said Tenchi.  
     "I see, and?" asked Katsuhito.  
     "I'm afraid for Mihoshi.  Between Ryoko and Aeka, they have the
power to destroy a world.  If I give my affections to someone besides
them, I'm afraid of what will happen.  Their tempers are so violent.  It
scares me," said Tenchi.  
     "Mihoshi will make a good granddaughter-in-law.  I'm proud of your
choice and your wisdom.  However, you need to have faith in your
friends, Tenchi," said Katsuhito.  He then returned to his Tai Chi.  

     Tenchi returned to the house soon thereafter.  Sasami greeted him
at the door.  "Tenchi, Mihoshi's been asking for you.  Kiyone's with her
now," she said.  
     "Thanks, Sasami.  Where's your sister and Ryoko?" asked Tenchi. 
     "Aeka's helping me in the kitchen and Ryoko disappeared somewhere,"
replied Sasami.  
     "Thanks," said Tenchi has he rubbed Ryo-Ohki's head.  
     "Miyaaaa," purred Ryo-Ohki.  Tenchi smiled and passed on into the
house.  Sasami watched him go.

     There was a knock at the door.  "Who is it?" asked Kiyone.  
     "Me," answered Tenchi.  
     "Okay, come on in," said Kiyone.  The door cracked open and Tenchi
walked in quietly.  
     "How're you doing?" asked Tenchi.  Mihoshi smiled up from the bed
where she was lying.  
     "I'm still a little jittery but okay, I guess.  I'm just glad
you're here," she said.  Kiyone stood.  
     "I guess I might ought to leave you two alone for a while," she
said as she left, a smile on her face.  
     "So, how are you really doing?" asked Tenchi.  
     "Well, like I said.  I'm still jittery but I think I'll be okay. 
I'm just gonna avoid Ryoko and Aeka for a while.  How are you?" asked
Mihoshi.  
     "It's been hard, trying not to get too angry at Ryoko and Aeka.  I
mean, I don't know what I would have done if you had been hurt any
worse.  Today, I really felt like I could love some one again.  Ever
since my mother died, I've been afraid to get to close to anyone.  When
you guys showed up, I started to loosen up a little.  When Ryoko and
Aeka started fighting over me, it scared me again.  I didn't want to get
to close to either of them because I was afraid of what would happen if
I did.  But then, I found you.  You cracked my shell, if only for a
moment.  I was just starting to, well, become alive again when...it
happened.  The shock put me right back where I started," said Tenchi. 
Mihoshi's eyes began to brim over with tears when she heard this.  
     "Oh Tenchi, no-one's ever said that to me before.  I've always felt
like some sort of loser because I couldn't ever do anything right.  I
was always screwing up and that scared other people.  I thought no one
would ever love me.  Even my grandfather seemed a little wary of me." 
She burst into tears.  
     Tenchi embraced her and let her cry on his shoulder while he waged
a war within himself to control his own emotions.  He lost.
	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*
     A week passed.  Tenchi and Mihoshi's engagement party had made a
mess of the house and the whole crew(even Ryoko) set to work cleaning
the house under the direction of Sasami.  
     "Okay, Mihoshi.  See those boxes?  They go back in the closet. 
Aeka, would you sweep the porch?  Tenchi, you could take down the
streamers from the ceiling," she said.  The general atmosphere literally
hummed with the friendship between the busy workers.  
     At the party, Aeka had declared that she would no longer seek the
hand of Tenchi in marriage and Ryoko acquiesced under condition that
Mihoshi should take good care of Tenchi.  
     The highlight of the night was when Mihoshi went to get something
to drink.  In typical Mihoshi fashion, she managed to make a mess of
everything.  When she had reached for the ladle of the punch bowl, it
slipped from her hand and fell onto a serving knife that was wedged
precariously under the cake.  When the heavy iron ladle slammed into the
knife, it formed a seesaw which launched the cake into a high arc and
ended up in the middle of Washu's plate.  When Washu dropped her plate
in surprise, the contents of it fell all over her dress and onto
Ryo-Ohki's head.  The cabbit, scared by the pieces of food that suddenly
appeared all around and on top of her, miya'ed and launched herself into
the air.  She landed in the punch bowl which then sent a giant tidal
wave of red punch across everyone in the room.  The only person who came
out of it unscathed was Mihoshi who had ducked under the table when she
saw the cake go flying.  "I'M SORRY," she wailed as everybody burst into
laughter.  Now, all that mess had to be cleaned up.  
     While Sasami carefully kept Mihoshi busy with little jobs in which
she could do no more damage, the rest of the gang mopped, swept, rubbed,
put away, and generally straightened the Masaki house.  Once they were
finished, Tenchi and Mihoshi gathered them into the living room.  
     "I'd like to thank all of you for accepting us and for being the
greatest family and friends I could ever hope for," said Tenchi.  
     "The same for me," said a teary-eyed Mihoshi.  
     "I'd also like to announce that we have set the date for the
wedding in exactly two weeks from today," said Tenchi.  
     "Aren't you moving a little bit fast?" asked Nobiyuki.  "I still
have to figure out where we're going to put Kiyone."  
     "Kiyone?" exclaimed everyone except Katsuhito and Tenchi.  
     "That's right, with Mihoshi moving in, Tenchi and I decided to
invite Kiyone to live with us as long as she stays on Earth.  That
invitation is extended to each of you and I hope you will decide to take
us up on that offer," continued Nobiyuki.  Mihoshi let out a squeal of
delight and hugged and kissed Tenchi, all at the same time.  Kiyone
bowed deeply to Nobiyuki and thanked him while Sasami danced around.  
     "Yea, now we can see Kiyone all the time!" she said, happily.  Even
Aeka and Ryoko smiled a little bit.  

     The two weeks passed quickly with the wedding preparations put
ahead of everything else.  The dishes piled up and were only washed when
Sasami could spare a moment.  It was decided that Katsuhito would marry
the two under the Torii Gate at the shrine.  Kiyone would be the maid of
honor and Sasami would serve as ring bearer.  Aeka and Ryoko were both
also bridesmaids and Nobiyuki was Tenchi's best man with Kamidake and
Azaka as his other groomsmen.  Ryo-Ohki would be the audience.  
     When the big day finally arrived, Tenchi refused to get out of
bed.  "Come on, son.  Today's your big day," urged Nobiyuki as he shook
his son by the shoulders.  Tenchi feigned sleep and Nobiyuki eventually
gave up and left.  
     A moment later, Mihoshi sneaked in.  On tip-toes, she walked up to
the bed.  Tenchi was lying, belly-up, with a pillow covering the
top-half of his face.  Mihoshi leaned over and laid a kiss on his
uncovered lips.  He returned it with all the enthusiasm of a man about
to be married and he grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her down as
they continued to kiss.  
     Just then, Sasami walked in.  She giggled and then began to laugh. 
Mihoshi looked up sheepishly as Aeka and Ryoko appeared in the doorway.  
     "Come on, you two.  There's plenty of time for that later.  Now get
up, Tenchi," ordered Sasami.  He grinned at her and then grabbed a
pillow and threw it at her.   As it knocked her over, she giggled
again.  Mihoshi grabbed another pillow and whacked Tenchi over the head
with it.  
     "Pillow fight!!!" yelled Ryoko as she charged into the fray. 
Before long, Tenchi's room was a mass of laughing bodies and white
fluffy pillows.  All the while, Washu sat and smiled as she watched the
tussle.  Eventually, the combatants' fighting spirits gave out and they
trooped downstairs for breakfast.  Katsuhito greeted them and said a
prayer and then they all ate.  

     Two hours later, Tenchi was nervously going over himself in the
mirror.  He was wearing a black tuxedo which felt like it had little bit
too much starch in it.  
     "You look fine, son.  I promise.  Boy, I remember this day with me
and Achika.  I had more jitters than a junebug in May," reminisced
Nobiyuki.  
     "Thanks for the encouragement," remarked Tenchi.  They both cast a
quick glance at the framed picture of Achika Masaki that was hanging on
the wall.  "Mom, today's the day.  I sure hope you're proud of me," said
Tenchi.  
     A tear raced down Nobiyuki's cheek before he turned.  "She is,
son.  I know it.  Now let's go meet my daughter-in-law," said Nobiyuki. 
Tenchi followed.  
     Outside, Kiyone was waiting for them.  When she saw Tenchi, she let
out a whistle.  "Mihoshi sure is one lucky girl," she commented before
taking Nobiyuki's arm and escorting him down the stairs.  

     Katsuhito greeted Tenchi at the gate.  Nobiyuki and Kiyone, arms
linked, were the first pair the path.  They parted at the bottom of the
steps and turned to face the oncoming people.  Aeka and Azaka were next,
Azaka in humanoid form and another black tuxedo.  They were followed by
Ryoko and Kamidake, also in humanoid form and black tuxedo.  Aeka was
wearing a long, purple dress that matched her hair and just trailed the
ground.  Ryoko, dressed somewhat more demurely than usual, had on a
fiery red dress with a high neck and also trailed the ground.  Next in
line was Sasami, carrying the rings in her cupped hands.  She was
wearing a traditional Juraian wedding gown.  
     Last was Mihoshi.  She came down, unescorted, in her pure white
wedding gown which trailed out behind her.  Her hair was down and free,
billowing gently in the slight breeze that blew through the woods
surrounding them.  She walked slowly up the stairs and stood across from
Tenchi, smiling beneath her veil.  
     Then, a loud "MIYAAAA, Miya, Miya, Miya" echoed across the forest
and everybody smiled.  Ryo-Ohki, "miya"ing at the top of her voice, was
racing up the path, wearing a red bow that if possible, made her look
cuter than ever.  Sasami giggled as Ryo-Ohki slid to a stop at the
bottom of the steps and "miya"ed once more to express her apologies at
being late.  
     "May I continue?" asked Katsuhito with a smile.  Ryo-Ohki "miya"ed
in assent and sat down to watch the wedding.    "We are gathered here
today to unite Tenchi Masaki and Mihoshi Kuramitsu in marriage.  If any
have any reason why this union should not be made, speak now or forever
hold your peace," he paused.  
     Tenchi looked at Ryoko and Aeka and saw the smiles on their faces. 
He returned the smile before returning his eyes to Katsuhito.  
     "As there are no objections, we shall continue.  Tenchi Masaki, do
you take Mihoshi Kuramitsu to be your lawfully wedded wife?" he paused.  
     "I do," said Tenchi, having eyes only for Mihoshi.  
     "Do you, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, take Tenchi Masaki to be your lawfully
wedded husband?" he paused again.  
     "I do," said Mihoshi, returning Tenchi's gaze.  
     "Tenchi Masaki, repeat after me.  I, Tenchi Masaki, do promise and
pledge to love and protect my wife, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, in sickness and
in health, in good and in bad, from now until death do us part," said
Katsuhito with Tenchi echoing his words, smiling.  
     "Mihoshi Kuramitsu, repeat after me.  I, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, do
promise and pledge to love and serve my husband, Tenchi Masaki, in
sickness and in health, in good and in bad, from now until death do us
part," said Katsuhito with Mihoshi echoing his every words and Tenchi
hanging onto every one that exited her mouth.  
     "The rings?" paused Katsuhito.  Sasami shyly held them up for
Tenchi and Mihoshi.  Mihoshi placed hers on Tenchi's ring finger. 
Tenchi then took the other and slipped it slowly onto Mihoshi's. 
"Tenchi, you may kiss the bride," said Katsuhito, a grand smile on his
face.  
     Tenchi smiled yet again and pushed back the veil and kissed Mihoshi
for all he was worth.  She returned it with the same fervor.  Only then
did the cherry blossoms begin to fall.

There you have it.  Hopefully you enjoyed this.  I would like to thank
BGlanders for writing "A Momentary attack of Thought" as that gave me
several of the ideas for this.  

da drew-meista