Star of the Lighthawk: part II of the Mikumi Saga
Disclaimer: Almost all characters in this fic are property of AIC and
Pioneer. I am doing this purely for entertainment and I am not being paid.
Don't waste your time suing me since the only thing I have of value is a
packet of gum and my brother's Britney Spears poster.
Author's Note: Please PLEASE e-mail me. Any questions or comments good or
bad
I don't care. I just want to know people are reading my stories darn it!
Also
I would like to thank my friend Laura for being an inspiration and the first

person to ever read my fics.

On Earth at around 2:00, Tenchi and everyone else are preparing for their
journey. It took
Washuu only a short time to repair Mikumi's damaged ship. Everyone is coming

to Jurai.
Mihoshi and Kiyone are standing in their Galaxy Police uniforms since they
must act like they are on official business. Ryouko is grumbling because she

is about to lose her gem. Tenchi is standing with the sword prepared to do
the task.

Ryouko:   Tenchiiiiii, you don't have to do this. I won't use my powers I
promise. Can't you
trust me.

Everyone: NO!

Ayeka:     Go on Lord Tenchi, take away the gem. We haven't got all day.

Tenchi:     How exactly do I do that? Grandpa?

Yosho:      First, Ryouko must be willing to have the gem taken away. If she

doesn't you will have to take it by force.

Ayeka:     Well Ryouko we're waiting and not for long I hope you know.

Ryouko:   Why should I give you my gems? They're mine!

Mikumi:   Fine keep them. But remember, Tenchi is coming with us, and there
is nothing you
can do about it.

Ryouko:   Eeep!. Tenchi, take my gem. Now before I change my mind.

Tenchi:     All right.

   Soon before everyone's eyes the gem lifted off Ryouko's wrist and
flew onto the
sword. Sasami and Mihoshi were amazed by it. Everyone else took it as a
normal day's work.

Mikumi:   All right! Lets Go!

Sasami:   Yea! We're going to Jurai!

Mikumi:   Everyone aboard my ship.
   As they all walked into the ship they were amazed at how different it
was from all other Juraian ships. It still had the tree in the middle, was
vastly large, but something was different about it. It had a strange aura.
Mikumi walked and stood in front of the tree.

Doko:      All is ready Princess.

Mikato:   Whenever you wish.

Mikumi:   Okay. Here goes nothing.
   Mikumi took out her boomerang and started to activate her powers. Her
key flew to just in front of her glowing in the bright blue luminescence of
Jurai's awesome power. The ship lifted off the ground and flew out of the
atmosphere.

Mikumi:   Full speed to Planet Jurai!
   Quickly the ship sped to where it was ordered to go. The glowing
stopped and her
boomerang flew back to her side. Everyone could easily see the ship was
moving, but they
could barely feel it.

Mihoshi:  How long before we reach Jurai.

Mikumi:  We will reach Juraian territory in a few days. Then once we are
inside that range the ships power must slow down to initiate the Lighthawk
Wings. When we are traveling with the wings we will go slower, it will take
us an extra day to reach Planet Jurai.

Mihoshi:  Oh okay.
Tenchi:   I don't know Mikumi, are you sure the ship is safe. it just
doesn't
feel like anything I have ever sensed before.

Mikumi:  What you are sensing is the ship's Lighthawk power. My ship was
made
to have five
Lighthawk wings instead of three. It is mush more powerful than the other
Juraian ships you
know.

Kiyone:    Wow! That's a lot of power. Do you need so much.

Mikumi:   Not even five Lighthawk Wings were enough to protect from the
force
that attacked
me.

Ryouko:  Wait a minute, you mean whatever attacked you broke through the
five
Lighthawk
Wings? And it might attack again? Well what are we doing here!? This ship is

a death trap! We all might die!

Tenchi:     Ryouko, We are here to make sure that doesn't happen. Safety in
numbers
remember.

Ryouko:   One million people could stand up to a force more powerful than
five Lighthawk
Wings and be destroyed in a second.

Sasami:   Tea time!

Mikumi:   Doko! Mikato! Bring out the tea that has been prepared.

Doko:      Yes you highness.
   The two guardians flew off and in just a few seconds rolled back in
with a table a teapot nine tea cups and a bowl of carrots for Ryo-ohki. The
excited cabbit quickly digs in. Everyone is eating and drinking quietly
because there is no idea for conversation topics.

Mihoshi:  Where are we going to sleep?

Kiyone:    Oh Mihoshi! What does that have to do with anything!?

Mihoshi:   I don't know

Ryouko:   It's like I said, when they handed out brains, Mihoshi was
sleeping.

Mikumi:   Doko! Mikato! Set Washuu's, Ryouko's, Ryo-ohki's, Kiyone's, and
Mihoshi's things in on of the guest rooms. Put Yosho's and Tenchi's in the
other. Ayeka and Sasami will be
sleeping in my room, with me.
Sasami:    Yea!

Ryouko:   I have to share a room with all of them! While Ayeka Sasami and
Mikumi sleep in
the Master Bedroom! Completely unfair! On the other hand (flies over to
Tenchi) I will enjoy
seeing you late at night Tenchiiiiiiii.

Ayeka:    Oh we'll see about that. Azaka! Kamedake! Stay outside Lord
Tenchi's door and make
sure that Ryouko doesn't get in. And Ryouko, don't try anything funny, your
almost powerless
without your gems! Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha

ha ha!

Ryouko:  Oh yeah!

Ayeka:    Yes. It's true. And you know it!

Tenchi:    Well either way you two should stop fighting, it's childish

Mikumi:   Oh my! Here you are on my ship and I haven't even shown you where
everything is.
Come with me I shall give you a tour.

  Mikumi gave everyone a tour of the ship. She showed them where the
kitchen, their
bedrooms, the prison (for Ryouko's sake), and the dining room where their
meals would be.
The bedrooms were elegantly furnished with a large bed, a comfortable couch,

a spacious
closet and a communicator to the other rooms in the ship. Everyone sat and
talked after the
tour and enjoyed just hanging out as a family. Everyone forgot about the
dangers they might
face on their way home and the unfortunate princess who was taking them
there. After dinner
it was getting late in the ship, Mikumi and everyone else had just finished
dinner. They were in the girls guest bedroom and were all talking.

Mikumi:   Come here Sasami I want to brush your hair.

Sasami:    Okay!

Ayeka:     Oh this hasn't happened in so long. I'm so happy you're alive
sister.

Mikumi:   Me too. What style do you want Sasami I'll do whatever you wish.

Sasami:    I want hair like my mommy's. In a nice long ponytail high above
my
head.

Mikumi:   Okay Sasami.

Tenchi:     Did you always style Sasami's hair.

Mikumi:   Sasami's hair was still to short for me to do much with when I
last
saw her. But I
would always brush her hair, and I constantly styled Ayeka's. I could style
all of the girls hair if they would like.

Mihoshi:  Wow you would do that? That would be great.

Kiyone:   Mihoshi! You will have to forgive her you highness we wouldn't
trouble you like
that. She's just joking.

Mikumi:  Now Kiyone, it's no trouble at all. I feel that your concentrating
to much on you
"secret assignment" that your forgetting that this is a vacation for the
both
of you. All you have to do is keep a close eye on Ryouko and you will earn
that promotion, but relax and have fun as well. Life is to short to always
be
so prim and proper. Enjoy life! Enjoy your friendships! That is the key. And

just call me Mikumi.

Kiyone:   Well I always thought that,my,um,hair would look very nice up out
of my face in
a nice sort of way.

Mikumi:   Of course I'll do that after Sasami is done.

Washuu:  She did the impossible, she got Kiyone to relax. Wow! Hey your
amazing!

Ryouko:   I must hand it to you princess you've done good.

Mihoshi:   I always though I would look good with my hair up in a ponytail.

Tenchi:     Ummm Mihoshi your hair is in a ponytail. Right now.

Mihoshi:   Wow you did it that fast Mikumi? You're really quick.

Washuu:   Oh Mihoshi you're hopeless.

Mikumi:    All done Sasami.

Sasami:    Can I have the mirror.

Tenchi:     Here you go.

Sasami:    Wow I look just like mommy!

Mikumi:   All right Kiyone you're next!

   The whole night went by with Mikumi styling the hair of all the
girls. Finally all the girls had had their hair styled in quite stylish
manners. Ryouko had her hair pulled into a stylish ponytail (you can't do a
lot with Ryouko's hair), Kiyone had a lovely bun with ringlets down the side

of her face, and Mihoshi kept her hair in a ponytail. They all looked great,

except Ayeka who had gotten a nice odango style from her sister.

Ayeka:    What is this!? I look like that little whiner from Sailor Moon!

Sasami:   Oh I think you look cute Ayeka.

Mikumi:   (laughing at her sister) Sorry Ayeka. I couldn't, couldn't,
resist.ha ha ha ha!

Yosho:     It doesn't matter anyway. We should all be going to bed now.

All:          Okay.

   All the girls took down their hairstyles and was get ready for bed.
The three
princesses go to the Master bedroom where Mikumi is found, yet again,
brushing Sasami's hair. This time, however, she is preparing it for
sleeping.
They all sit on the large bed while Mikumi has just finished putting her
hair
in the two buns.

Mikumi:   Come on Ayeka, your turn.

Ayeka:     All right. But nothing funny.

Mikumi:   Of course not. (sigh) I'm so glad to be going home.

Sasami:   Me too! And home will be really fun now that your here. I never
really had a chance to know you before.

Ayeka:    But now you do Sasami. That's all that matters. We won't worry
about politics so
much we get home. It will just be a chance to relax.

Mikumi:   Yes. relax.

Ayeka:     Ow! Mikumi your pulling my hai1

Mikumi:   OH! Sorry Ayeka. I spaced. Well all done lets go to bed. Sleep
Mode.

   The lights in the room dimmed and the girls went under the covers and
fell asleep. Deep in the middle of the night Mikumi disappears out of the
room. A few minutes later Ayeka wakes up, noticing her sister is gone she
gets up gently so as not to wake Sasami. Little does she know that Sasami is

having a dream.

Sasami:    Hey, where am I? Tsunami! Tsunami where are you? I'm scared.

    Tsunami appears in all her glory to Sasami and creating an illusion
of Juraian trees around them.

Tsunami:  I am here Sasami. Don't be frightened. You are safe here.

Sasami:   Tsunami, I feel like there is something more to come. Something
bigger than
Mikumi's coming home, but the two are linked somehow.

Tsunami:  What you are sensing is correct. You see. as you grow older Sasami

you become
closer to assimilating with me. Some day we will be one. Now with every day
that passes I
gradually become a part of you and you get a little more of my power.

Sasami:    What does this mean? What is going to happen? You must know! Tell

me!

Tsunami:  I can't! Your powers are what will help you figure out is going
on.
Look.

    Sasami watched in horror as the trees around her turned gray and
hideous then a
giant hand came and took them away. She saw her family and friends trying to

stop the hand,
but were all blasted away. An evil shrill of laughter rang out then all was
silent.

Sasami:    No! Stop! What is happening to my planet? My family? If Mikumi
doesn't make it
home will this not happen? Can we go back to Earth?

Tsunami:  This prediction is not set in stone Sasami. You could make the
difference Sasami.
Your more powerful than you seem. Trust your instincts Sasami you can change

this probable
future.

Sasami:    How?

Tsunami:  I must go now.

    Sasami wakes up crying and seeing no one around. She begins to cry a
little louder and is afraid that the prediction has already happened. At the

same time Ayeka is watching Mikumi. She is about to got talk to her when she

hears Sasami's cry. She heads back to the room while Mikumi stands staring
out into the vast empty space.

Ayeka:     Sasami, it is okay I'm here now. Did you have another bad dream?

Sasami:    Oh Ayeka! (sob) it was (sob) awful. I saw (sob) I saw (sob) I
(sob)

Ayeka:     Shhhhhh. Your all right now. It was just a dream. You're safe.

Sasami:    Are you? Is Mikumi? Hey. where is Mikumi?

Mikumi:   Right here. (Mikumi was standing in the door) Lets go back to bed
now.

  With that they all fall asleep again. Ayeka and Sasami wake up in the
morning and
smell a sweet irresistible scent. They rush into the main room where Mikumi
is sitting slowly fanning a fire with some spices cooking on top. Around her

are some tea leaves in the form of a triangle.

Sasami:    You're making the tea!

Mikumi:   Yes I feel that I must make this tea to calm my nerves. Your
nerves
seem like they
need calming too Sasami.

Sasami:    If you're talking about last night. It was just a bad dream.

Ayeka:    Yes, but you have bad dreams a lot Sasami.

Mikumi:   I think we are all just nervous about reaching Jurai. This tea
should bring more
peace to all of us.

Washuu:  I'll say I feel relaxed just smelling those spices.

   Washuu and everyone else is behind them smelling the magnificent
smells Mikumi's
cooking is giving off.

Ryouko:  When I smell something good that is the only time I wake up happy.

Ayeka:   You mean when you smell something good that is the only time you
wake up. You
sleep through the whole day and only appear at mealtime.

Ryouko:  (under breath) Stupid Princess.

Tenchi:    Ayeka be nice.

Ayeka:    Sorry Lord Tenchi.

Mihoshi:  When can we have the tea?

Mikumi:   Tonight at supper.

Mihoshi:  That long?

Mikumi:   This tea must be prepared very delicately or else it will not
taste
the way it should.

Yosho:      Also the making of the tea is somewhat a sacred ritual. You must

first cook each
individual leaf in a small pot with a tiny bit of sweetened water. It is in
the form of a triangle because that is the strongest shape of all it means
protection.

Ryouko:   All that just to make tea? Boy you princesses have wayyyyyyyy to
much time on
your hands.

Tenchi:     Ryouko that's rude.

Mikumi:   This tea is believed to bring hope some sort of good luck charm.
And on this
mission, I thought we should take all the luck we can get.

Yosho:      Do not worry so much Mikumi, we will protect you at any cost.

Ryouko:   I don't think you all understand that we could die. And if we die
I
at least want to know what for. Huh Princess? What exactly do you know or
have that is so valuable that
someone wants you dead. Spit it out or I'll teach you to keep secrets from
me. Ryouko!

Mikumi:   I have the power of Jurai, something that could destroy you and
you
have no power
over me Ryouko. One more word, one more threat unto me, and I will throw you

in the prison
at the bottom of my ship.

  The glare in Mikumi's eyes was truly threatening and sends a chill
down everyone's spine. Ryouko stands there trying to act unafraid but she
knows she is powerless. Mikumi returns once more to her tea and everyone
goes
throughout the day. Sasami helps Mikumi boil the water and add the leaves
when the time comes. And just when the day was getting started it was
dinnertime. Everyone is eating a magnificent meal that was made by Sasami
and
drinking the tea.

Tenchi:    Wow this tea tastes as great as it smells Mikumi. You went all
out.

Washuu:  Both Sasami and Mikumui put all they could into making this hands
down the best
meal ever.

All:           (shouts of agreement)

Kiyone:    by tomorrow we should be in Juraian territory. We will arrive at
Planet Jurai at
approximately 3:00 PM. I think everyone should be dressed in their best
seeing as how this is probably going to be a large event.

Mihoshi:  I have the perfect dress to wear! Oh this is going to be exciting!

Kiyone:    Mihoshi, we have to appear in uniform and act like we are on a
mission. And we
must keep an eye on Ryouko.

Ryouko:   You just have to remind me don't you.

Mikumi:   What do you think you could do on Jurai. Having Mihoshi and Kiyone

with you can
actually give you more freedom because Juraian officials won't be breathing
down your neck
every time you do something.

Ryouko:   Whatever.

    Everyone talked about Jurai all night long. Asking Ayeka and Sasami
questions like what was the food like, how big was the palace, what is there

to do for fun ect. Everyone went to sleep that night happy and anxious to
get
to Jurai. Ayeka wakes up in the middle of the night again to see that Mikumi

has left. Looking over at Sasami she sees that she sleeping peacefully and
decides to talk to Mikumi. She walks out to see Mikumi in the exact same
spot
she was the night before. Her long hair in two parts draped in front of her
body, wearing a nightgown with a thin robe over it. Ayeka knows something is

not right.

Ayeka:     Mikumi, up so late two times in a row, what is wrong?

Mikumi:   Can Sasami see the future?

Ayeka:     What?

Mikumi:   She said she was told to bring me down to earth in a dream she
had.
Can she see
things? Can she see the future?

Ayeka:     She says Tsunami comes to her sometimes, giving her visions. She
doesn't
understand all of them. I told you about Sasami and Tsunami didn't I.

Mikumi:   Yes. She will one day be more powerful than anything we could ever

dream.

Ayeka:     (under breath) and more beautiful.

Mikumi:   Excuse me?

Ayeka:     Nothing! Why did you want to know if Sasami could see the future?

Mikumi:   I guess that I was wondering if she knew what is going to happen.
If we will make it to Jurai.

Ayeka:     We will. We have Lord Tenchi to protect us.

Mikumi:   Will that be enough? What if we all die? I couldn't bear knowing
I'm responsible for all your deaths. But, I knew my risks when I started my
mission and I still accepted it.

Ayeka:     Mikumi, who gave you your mission? Father said he never asked you

to do anything
yet he knew that your mission was important. That it had something to do
with
Jurai's royal
family.

Mikumi:   To be honest with you I don't know exactly who gave me my mission.

I always felt it was Tsunami, but it now doesn't seem that way. I have seen
and felt Tsunami's power and the power that told me what I must do is
nothing
like it. But I can tell it was someone I could trust. And now my mission is
almost complete, almost done. Yet I know that this mission will lead into
another and another and another, and I will accept all of them, for that is
what I must do.

Ayeka:     I understand your secrecy in this mission and that even revealing

that much was
dangerous. I think it is best I don't ask anything else tonight, but lets
both go to bed.

Mikumi:   Thank you Ayeka.

   They hug and walk back to the room. Relieved to find Sasami still
sleeping calmly they go to sleep again. Yet someone is watching them and
laughing at their foolishness.

Tokimi:    You shouldn't be so afraid of things to come Princess. Instead
fear the now. I think that when you arrive into Juraian territory you will
fear the now and the future will no longer be needed.

The next day at around 2:45 the group is preparing themselves for
touchdown on
Planet Jurai. Mikumi is putting clasps in Sasami's hair and preparing her
outfit just right. Tenchi is nervous because of the last time he encountered

the King of Jurai. Yosho and Tenchi are both wearing Juraian robes and look
very dignified. Mihoshi is looking sad because she has to wear her police
uniform. Ryo-ohki, in her human-form, is wearing her carrot dress and
fidgeting around. Up in her palace Tokimi thinks this is the best time to
strike. But her assistant D-3 isn't so sure

D-3:         After all that work to get her here you will destroy her. And
the boy too?

Tokimi:    Quiet! I'm trying to concentrate. Well Princess, I hope third
times a charm.

    She sends a blast to the unsuspecting ship. It narrowly misses but
brings heavy
turbulence. Mikumi knows what it is and quickly heads to her position to
defend it. She raises her key and it starts to glow.

Mikumi:   I release. The Star of the Lighthawk!

   Her key sends out a quick flash of bright, blue light and the shaking
suddenly stops. Everyone looks out the window to see five magnificent
Lighthawk Wings rotating slowly and shielding the blasts. They are a light
blue but streaks of magenta and gold sometimes appear in them. Everyone is
admiring the awesome beauty and power in front of them, except Mikumi.
Another blast is fired rocking the entire ship the Lighthawk Wings can
barely
hold up to the massive blow. Everyone falls to the ground except for Mikumi
and Washuu. Mikumi is again feeling the heat she felt the last time.

Mikumi:   Retreat! Retreat! I can't put my family through this!

Washuu:  Don't do it Mikumi! Stand strong! We won't be put through all the
pain you've been
put through! If you hold your ground for just a little longer we will all
survive! Tenchi! We need you now more than ever! Release you Lighthawk Wings

and combine them with the ship's. Do it now!

 Tenchi's symbol appears on his forehead and his clothes transform into
the white
Kimono. He sends out his Lighthawk Wings and they combine with Mikumi's just

like Washuu
said. It's power is so awesome the blast has no chance against it. Tokimi is

forced to stop.

Tokimi:    Damn! So close!

D-3:         You truly wanted her destroyed.

Tokimi:    Not quite. I merely wanted to scare Mikumi into retreating. Did
you think I would
destroy priceless Washuu or that darling boy. You're mad! I guess Washuu
must
have known
that she is more important to me.

D-3:         Why? Why is she so important? What can she do. Surely the
princesses knowledge is more threatening than a scientists life.

Tokimi:     Fool! You will see soon enough why I let her live. Question me
again and I will
destroy you understand!

D-3:         Yes.

   Tenchi stops the Lighthawk Wings and so does Mikumi.

Mikmui:   Is everyone okay?

All:           Yes.

Tenchi:    How did you know Washuu? How?

Washuu: Such a rare force could stand up to five Lighthawk Wings. It's
almost
impossible that something could stand up to eight!

Mikumi:   Makes sense.

    A Juraian officer comes on the screen. To speak to the Princess.

Officer:    Princess Mikumi! Are you okay we saw a blast come at you on the
radar and the
Lighthawk Wings released.

Mikumi:   We are fine now thank you for checking.

Officer:    Thats good! You will land on Planet Jurai soon. The entire
population is watching and waiting to see the royal children back on Jurai.
You will be met by the King and Queens, and the rest of the royal council.
Is
all this clear to you Princess?

Mikumi:   Crystal.

Officer:    And another thing. Your Father has requested you come out the
Princess Mikumi
and Prince Yosho in front. Princesses Ayeka and Sasami behind you. The boy
Tenchi and the
woman Washuu following. Ryouko behind them and the two officers bringing up
the rear.
Understood.

Mikumi:   Yes we all understand. Thank you for your service.

Officer:    It has been my pleasure Princess. Over and out.

Mikumi:   All Right we will land in five minutes everyone should be in the
formation that was requested.

Ryouko:   Why?

Mikumi:   Because that is what my father requested if we are to appear
before
the Royal
Council we should look dignified. Understood?

All:           Understood.

Mikumi:   Lets go Yosho.

   Yosho and Mikumi link arms. Sasami and Ayeka get behind them looking
just as
proper. Tenchi and Washuu walk behind them. Ryouko slouches behind them with

her hands
behind her head looking bored. Kiyone and Mihoshi bring up the rear and look

stiff and
professional.

Kiyone:    Ryouko you shouldn't slouch like that.

Ryouko:   Whatever.

Doko:       We are now landing on Planet Jurai.

Mikato:    Opening the front doors. Plank being lowered.

    Mikumi looks out of the ship and almost cries. There is her mother
and father as well as Misaki waiting for her. She walks out with Yosho and
the group follows them. Funaho comes toward them and gives her son and
daughter a large hug. Misaki walks forward slowly, obviously restraining
from
grabbing her daughters and squeezing the life out of them and gives them
both
a gentle hug. Everyone is silent then finally someone speaks.

Funaho:    (to Mikumi and Yosho) Welcome home my children. (to everyone) And

I welcome
you all to Planet Jurai!

Next:
The Powers Releasing: part III of the Mikumi Saga
