Mel~Bel <Avel2468@aol.com>

The Powers Releasing: part III of the Mikumi saga

Outside the on the Planet Jurai Tenchi and his friends have just arrived
and are being welcomed by Jurai's royal council. Funaho is hugging her
children and Misaki hers. The King and the rest of the council wait
impatiently. Looking over the king notices Tenchi and Washuu and shoots them

a dirty look. Tenchi gets really nervous in the silence and emotion while
Washuu just stands respectfully.

Azusa: I think we should meet them all inside let us give my wives a moment
with their
children. Erm. Welcome home.

      The King and the council walk back inside. The second they do
Misaki begins to squeeze her daughters as hard as she could.

Misaki:    Oh my little babies! It has been so long! I missed you all! I
cant
believe it!

Ayeka:    Nice to see you too mother.

Misaki:    Oh and little Mikumi come here give your Auntie Misaki a hug!

Mikumi:   Umm All right.

    Eventually Misaki gets to hugging/crushing everybody and they all go
inside where now the Council will officially welcome them to Planet Jurai.
Funaho and Misaki go over and join the council. The gang is over standing
and
waiting for what they are supposed to do.

Funaho:   I wish that our guests enjoy their stay here on Planet Jurai. Our
servants will show you to your rooms. I'm sure you would like some time to
rest. In a couple of hours we will all meet for dinner and catch up with all

of you.

All:          Thank you.

Funaho:   Mikumi could you come with your Father and me?

Mikumi:   Yes mother. I'll see you at dinner.

   The severance came and showed everyone to their guest suites. Ayeka and
Sasami went to their rooms across the hall with their mother. While Mikumi,
Funaho, and Azusa went to Mikumi's room.

Funaho:   I missed seeing your face  my dear.

Mikumi:   Oh mother.

Azusa:    Now, there will be a meeting in one week to discuss the terms of
your. mission. I assume you are prepared to let this secret of yours be
known.

Funaho:   Oh that is much to soon give her more time to adjust she can't
have
her
presentation ready by now.

Mikumi:   No mother, actually the sooner the better, I will have the
presentation ready in one week.

Azusa:     Well I'm going to see how Ayeka and Sasami are doing. Welcome
home
my angel.
   He gave Mikumi a kiss on top of her head and left to see his other
daughters.

Funaho:   Now so you know where everyone is. We placed Tenchi with Yosho in
his room,
Mihoshi and Kiyone in the room down the hall, and Washuu and Ryouko are
across the hall
from them and you know where Ayeka's and Sasami's rooms are right? Of course

you do. Is
that all right? Mikumi?

    Mikumi glances at her mother obviously caught daydreaming. Looking
at her mother she notices something else happening in her mother's mind.

Mikumi:   What's going on mother?

Funaho:   oh nothing. I was just wondering if. you. shouldn't just bury this

mission look at
all the trouble it's caused.

Mikumi:   Don't you think I've considered it? I'm not in danger for the
presentation. I'm in
danger for my knowledge! I learned things that no one should know! I'm still

in danger and I
always will be. I must complete my mission Then maybe the danger will be
over.

Funaho:   Of course. You are like your father you know. I think you always
were his favorite.

Mikumi:   Thank you mother.

Funaho:   You need to rest dear. I'll see you at dinner.

   Funaho walked out of the room and shut the door. Mikumi lay down on
her bed and
fell asleep. She feels that her mother is hiding something from her. Tokimi
is watching her from her palace.

Tokimi:   She is a wise one that Princess. We shouldn't underestimate her
anymore.

D-3:       Yes my Queen. But must we be afraid of such a young girl?

Tokimi:   For the moment no. We have more important things to worry about.
Like my
precious Washuu and that darling boy. They are what we need to focus on now.

We have only
a week to rid ourselves of that pesky Mikumi and to get what I deserve. We
should get to work.

D-3:        Of Course.

  In Tenchi and Yosho's room the servants are showing Tenchi his way
around the
room

Tenchi:   Wow this room is so huge! A bed, a study, a bath, an excellent
view!

  Tenchi looks out the window to see lovely plains with flowers all
over.

Yosho:    Jurai has such natural beauty.

Tenchi:   Grandpa  do you regret ever leaving Jurai?

Yosho:    Sometimes. I probably would have stayed on Jurai if Mikumi had
never disappeared.
We were close. We had a bond because both of us were alienated. But she
handled it so much
better than me. She worked hard to prove herself to all the Juraians. That
is
why I think she accepted this mission. And now after 700 years she will get
to finish it.

Tenchi:   Wow I had no idea. She has such determination. She is really
something Grandpa

 Yosho nodded silently. In Kiyone and Mihoshi's room they are looking
around their
fancy guest room. It was slightly plainer than the princesses rooms but
still
very fancy.

Mihoshi:  You mean I can't wear any dresses while we are here at all Kiyone?

Kiyone:   We are on special assignment Mihoshi. but I see no problem in
wanting to look nice
for dinner.

Mihoshi:  Oh really! You mean it!?

Kiyone:   Yea anyway that is what Mikumi would want and since you bought
such
pretty
dresses...

  Kiyone is cut of by Mihoshi running to her and hugging her as tight as
she could.

Mihoshi:   Oh thank you thank you thank you Kiyone. You are the best partner

any police
officer could ever have!

Kiyone:   Can't. breathe.

Mihoshi:  Did you bring any dresses Kiyone.

Kiyone:   No (sigh)  I only brought spare uniforms and some leisure clothes.

Mihoshi:  Well you can borrow one of my dresses for dinner tonight. I
brought
a lot!

Kiyone smiled at Mihoshi as she pulled out her dress filled suitcase.
Ryouko is not having as much fun as Mihoshi in her room. She's unhappy
because she has to be with Washuu. Washuu isn't paying any attention to her
and is unpacking some gadgets she brought with her.

Ryouko:   Sharing a room with Ayeka wouldn't be this hellish. But no,
instead
I get the science teacher from Planet Boring.

Washuu:  If your going to complain you can sleep surrounded by security
guards.

Ryouko:   What are you unpacking?

Washuu:  (murmurs) nothing.

Ryouko:   It doesn't look like nothing.

Washuu:  What are you five!? I'm just unpacking some equipment I decided to
work on here.

Ryouko:   I know you Washuu, you have something up your sleeve and I want to

know what.

Washuu:  I don't give a damn what you want!

Ryouko:   This I why mothers and daughters should not be put in the same
room.

    In Ayeka's room Ayeka is being fitted for another outfit, Sasami is
having tea with her mother and father who are watching as the tailors
measure
Ayeka. Ryo-ohki is in cabbit form and is sitting on Sasami's head.

Sasami:   Wow Ayeka your dress is going to be so beautiful.

Misaki:    Yes only the best for my babies. After Ayeka is done Sasami will
be next.

Azusa:     Only the best.

Sasami:   Oh mommy this is so wonderful. I miss you and daddy so much when I

can't be with
you.

Misaki:    Oh Sasami. I love you so much and I was so lonely without you.

Sasami:   I like having my whole family together again. It's so nice.

Ayeka:    I miss it too. And I missed getting new outfits as well. Oh it
will
be so nice to wear a new dress to dinner.

Tailor:     Princess Ayeka you waist line has grown a couple inches.

Ayeka:    What impossible! Never in my life!

   Ayeka argues with the tailors and Sasami let out a little giggle. It
is now dinner time. There is a long table. At the head of the table sits
Azusa. To his right is Funaho and to his left is Mikumi since it is her
welcome back feast. Down the table on Mikumi's side is Ayeka, Sasami,
Ryo-ohki (human form), Kiyone, and Washuu. On Funaho's side is Misaki,
Yosho,
Tenchi, Mihoshi and Ryouko. And to the end of the table are some Royal
Council members who are also at the feast.
   Everyone is dressed up. Funaho, Mikumi, Misaki, and Ayeka look especially

wonderful
in new 12 layer kimonos. Sasami is dressed up but not as heavily as her
sisters. Tenchi and
Yosho are wearing Juraian robes. Kiyone and Mihoshi are wearing sun dresses.

Mihoshi is
wearing red and Kiyone is wearing light yellow. All the Juraian women have
those tiny bands in their hair to show it is a special occasion. Azusa
raises
his glass and everybody stands.

Azusa:    We are all here tonight to celebrate the return of my daughter and

the second
princess of Jurai, Mikumi. She has survived through so much and tonight we
honor her for all
she has done and all she will do.

All:          Here! Here!

Ayeka:    Ahhhh it is so nice for all of together eating like a family.

Funaho:   I agree Ayeka, I agree.

Mikumi:   For so long I have wanted only this moment. To be among friends
family and
colleagues. I have never been happier.

   Everyone claps and clinks glasses then sits and begin to eat. The
council people talk amongst themselves.

Misaki:    Tomorrow we will give all of the new comers a tour of the Palace
Gardens.

Sasami:    Oh Mommy really? I want to be the tour guide may I please!

Misaki:     All right.

Sasami:    Oh boy! Tenchi will you let me show you around. I want to show
you
my maze and

where I pick flowers and everywhere else.

Tenchi:     Sure Sasami! We'll make a day of it!

Ryouko thinks this is a chance to get alone time with Tenchi.

Ryouko:   Oh Sasami. darling how about you show me too? I would love it to
pieces.

Sasami:    Okay!

Kiyone:    If Ryouko is going then we had better go to.

Mihoshi:  Yea!

Ayeka:     I would like to go too please. It would. be nice to see the
gardens again.

Ryouko:   You just to keep me away from Tenchi.

    Everyone is talking except for Funaho, Mikumi, and Washuu. Funaho looks
at
Mikumi.

Funaho:   Mikumi, I would appreciate it if you had lunch with me tomorrow
instead of going on this tour. Is that all right?

Mikumi:   Of course mother. I would enjoy that.

Sasami:    Hey Washuu! Will you come with us tomorrow.?

Washuu:  No. I have work to do.

Ryouko:   Washuu the only way you can get out of this is if you tell us what

is so important
that you're working on while we're on Jurai.

Washuu:  Rember young lady I am your mother not the other way around. Let
that be
understood.

After dinner everyone returns to their room. They all get ready for bed
and go to sleep. The next day everyone is going out on a hike except for
Mikumi, Funaho and Washuu. Washuu has shut herself in her room and is
working
on a projcect. IT is now lunch time and Mikumi goes to her mother's room.
Shhe lightly knocks on the door and a handmaiden opens it. Mikumi walks in.
The queen's room are even more fancy than the Princesses. There are more
valuables and a large balcony. Mikumi walks to the balcony and sits at a
table. Her mother walks over and also sits down.

Mikumi:   Mother I know you, very well. I wish you would tell me what is
going on here. You
are hiding something I know it.

Funaho:   Have you ever felt inferior sweety?

Mikumi:   What do you mean?

Funaho:   Has being a half earthling ever made you feel only half as
powerful? Half as good as another Juraian?

Mikumi:   It used to. Not anymore though. I know I am as strong as them.

Funaho:   Actually, you are stronger.

Mikumi:   How? What do you mean? I don't understand?

Funaho:   Have you ever walked out in the garden all alone? And have you
ever
heard
whispers. like the plants are talking? Like they are calling to you?

Mikumi:   It was just my imagination

Funaho:   It was so much more than your imagination. it was your power that
I
gave you?

Mikumi:   You gave me??? What do you mean you gave me?

Funaho:   That you inherited from me. My family was so much more than a
normal earthling.
We were special, we were magical. We had close spirits with nature we can
use
nature as our
defense.

Mikumi:   Are you okay?

Funaho:   If only you understood. You have the power, like me, to control
the
four elements of universal nature. Earth, Air, Fire, and Water. The first
one
you learn to master is Earth, then Air, Fire and Water are the hardest to
control. I am going to teach you how to use your powers.

Mikumi:   So you're saying I have this power, why did you not tell me or
Yosho? Or train
Yosho?

Funaho:   Yosho does not have it even if he could he could never be strong
in
it. Girls are
stronger and easier to train with this power. Are you ready to train or not.

   Mikumi nodded uneasily with a yes. Her mother began to teach her how
to share
energy. Become one with the plant. Make its power your power and your power
its power.
Mikumi tried hard but just couldn't get the hang of it. After several hours
she gave up.

Funaho:   Do not worry practice every day and you will get it. It will
happen, of this I am sure. Go, rest and keep trying.

Mikumi:   I will. I promise.

   Over the next week Mikumi does try hard to perfect her skill. But she
always
participated in an activity with Tenchi and the gang. She knew having fun
was
important too
She went hiking with them in the mountains. Swimming with them at the beach.

And other
activities. After five days Mikumi finally mastered it. She was so happy she

danced up and
down. The whole day she was becoming one with nature she would do it to
trees, rocks,
anything. It is now the eve of Mikumi's presentation. Tokimi has some tricks

up her sleeve and is ready to use them.

Tokimi:    It is now time D-3. Let us begin.

   Tokimi began to use her telepathic powers: You can here her voice
echo to Washuu
in her room.

Tokimi:    Washuu, Wahsuu, it is time my Washuu. Come to the palace. Bring
the Tenchiken
with you. Bring your device as well.

   Washuu got up from her bed hypnotized she turned on her computer and
typed in a
special code. Out of sub-space came a bazooka looking thing. She took it
with
her and started for Tenchi's room. She opened the door slightly and saw
Tenchi and his grand father sleeping there. She noticed the Tenchiken on the

table and took it with her. As a zombie she stood in the hall and looked
into
nothingness.

Washuu:  I am ready.

Shortly after Washuu left Rouko woke up. Noticing Washuu was gone she
went to look for her. As she was about to walk out of the room she saw
Washuu's computer. It was opened at Washuu's log of discoveries. Looking at
the computer screen Ryouko began too read.
    At the same time of all of this Sasami is having another nightmare.
//She is standing again in the circle of Jurian trees. She sees Wasuu in
the middle with three red lights orbiting around her. The lights fade and
Washuu falls to the ground. Then again the trees turn gray and a hand comes
down and destroys them all. Then Sasami is floating in nothing in
nothingness. Everything has been destroyed.//again in the circle of Jurian
trees.

Sasami:   Ayeka, Ayeka! Wake up! Please I had another night mare

Ayeka:    (sleeping) mmmmmmmmmm. No Ryouko leave. him.alone

Sasami:   I'm going to Mikumi.
   Sasami ran to Mikumi's room. Mikumi was sleeping but when Sasami
shook her she
easily woke up.

Mikumi:   What is it Sasami? Why are you up this late.

Sasami:   I had a dream. It was so awful. I dreamed that I was in the middle

of a forest. And all the trees were turned to stone and were taken away and
then I was floating through
darkness. And Washuu was there too.

 Mikumi sat up as soon as she said Washuu.

Mikumi:   She was there? What was she doing?

Sasami:   Dying.

Mikumi:   No! No!
   She ran out of her room as soon as she exited we see her in battle
clothes that all Jurians have. Her face has the tiger stripes and her
boomerang is at her side. She ran down the hall. At the end of the hall she
saw a red button, and pushed it. An alarm began to sound and everyone came
out of their rooms in their PJ's.

Kiyone:   What's going on? What happened

Tenchi:   It's an attack probably.

Ayeka:    On who?

Misaki:   Ayeka Sasami! Over here!
  Sasami ran to her mother but Ayeka went towards Tenchi. Ryouko came
out of her
room with some papers in her hand.

Ryouko:   Washuu's missing!

Mikumi:   I know! We're going after her!

Ayeka:    Why? Why is this so important?

Mikumi:   Because, if Washuu does what I fear the most. We are all doomed.

More to come: Stay tuned! :)
