Author: Mel~Bel <Avel2468@aol.com>
Title: The Beginning: PArt 1 of the Mikumi saga
Regular
Disclaimer: Almost all characters in this fic are property of AIC and 
Pioneer. I am doing this purely for entertainment and I am not being paid. 
Don't waste your time suing me since the only thing I have of value is a 
packet of gum and my brother's Britney Spears poster. 

Author's Note: Please PLEASE e-mail me. Any questions or comments good or bad 
I don't care. I just want to know people are reading my stories darn it! Also 
I would like to thank my friend Laura for being an inspiration and the first 
person to ever read my fics. <!--EndFragment-->Characters*
Mikumi- The true second princess of Jurai. Yosho's sister who has been 
missing for many 
years. Looks a lot like Funaho except with red hair. A Half Juraian half 
earthling.
Doko - Mikumi's guardian. Equivalent to Ayeka's Azaka.
Mikato- Mikumi's guardian. Equivalent to Ayeka's Kamadake.
Tenchi Muyo (not Universe) Cast (Kiyone included) 
*I will call Katsuhito Yosho when he speaks so there is no confusion 



        Deep in space near Jurai, a mysterious ship is approaching the 
Juraian Space Port. Inside is the long lost Princess Mikumi who has finally 
returned home.

Mikumi:     Doko, Mikato, how long till we reach the port.

Doko:       Very soon miss

Mikato:     With our speed we will be there in approximately 15 minutes.

Mikumi:     (sighing) I'm almost home.

        Little did she know someone else was thinking the same thing. In Lady 
Tokimi's palace she too sees how close Mikumi is.

Tokimi:     Well, well our little princess is almost home. She is persistent, 
now what I do with that? I know, destroy it!
        
        Tokimi sends a large blast to the ship. The guardian's see it coming 
and initiate the Lighthawk Wings. The blast is too huge and the defenses 
aren't holding up. The ship is starting to shake.

Mikumi:     Wh-What's going on!?

Doko:       We are being attacked the defenses can't hold the blast.

Mikumi:     Where is it coming from?

Mikato:     We don't know.

Mikumi:     Tokimi, she will never stop
        
        Mikumi falls to the ground from the violent shaking. She feels the 
intense heat of the blast. The ship is falling apart. Just then Tsunami (ship 
form) appears and absorbs the rest of the blast. She attaches Mikumi's ship 
to hers and takes her to the one place Tokimi will not attack. To planet 
Earth.  

Tokimi:     Tsunami, you will never stop protecting the royal family. I can't 
get her if she's under your protection.

            It's nighttime at the Masaki Shrine, but sunrise will be coming 
very soon. Everyone is asleep and it's actually quiet! But Sasami is having 
one of her psychic dreams. Tsunami has appeared with something incredibly 
important to say. 

Sasami:     Tsunami is that you?

Tsunami:    Yes little one I need to talk to you.

Sasami:     What is it? 

Tsunami:    You must get the Master Key from Tenchi and go to Yosho's ship, 
Funaho, and 
summon down Mikumi's ship.

Sasami:     Mikumi? She's alive! Are you sure Tsunami.

Tsunami:    Yes I'm sure, but you must hurry because she is badly injured and 
needs our help. It is important that she lives

            Back in the room Ayeka is trying to wake up Sasami because she 
thinks that Sasami is having another bad dream.

Ayeka:      Sasami, wake up. It was just another bad dream.

Ryouko:     Will you shut up I'm Trying to sleep!

Ayeka:      You will probably sleep till noon today. Instead of getting to 
your chores.

Ryouko:     You bitch!

Mihoshi:    Please stop fighting its not right!

            With all the noise Sasami wakes up crying. Ayeka goes and holds 
her little sister close.

Sasami:     Where's Tenchi. I need to go see him.

Ayeka:      I suppose he might be downstairs seeing how its sunrise now.

Kiyone:     Why do you need to see Tenchi?

Sasami:     You wouldn't understand.

        With that Sasami got up and ran downstairs to find Tenchi. She saw 
him in the kitchen having a cup of tea. Katsuhito was out working in the yard.

Sasami:     Tenchi! Tenchi! Where is the sword!

Tenchi:     Huh? What's going on Sasami? Why do you want my sword?

Sasami:     I need it its important.

        Seeing the sword lying on the table she grabs it and runs off. Just 
as she's running out 
the door the girls are all heading downstairs for breakfast.

Kiyone:     Hmmmmm Sasami's acting strangely

Tenchi:     She just took the master key

Ayeka:      What!? We must go after her then.

        So everyone goes running after Sasami, even Katsuhito. Ryouko takes 
to the air and starts tracking her. They soon see that she is heading to 
Funaho. Sasami arrives at Funaho and holds the Tenchiken in front of her. 

Sasami:     Master Key please I summon the ship of Mikumi Jurai! The 
Ateshenko!

        Ayeka and the others arrived just as she uttered the name. Katsuhito 
and Ayeka gasped in shock at what she just said.

Ayeka:      Sasami! How could you? You know the law. Also Mikumi is dead, 
that means her ship is gone also. 
    
        Just then out of the sky came a massive ship. It hovered in the air 
just above them. Then down came two Juraian guardians protecting a severely 
injured woman. She was severely burned and looked like she had many broken 
bones. Her clothes were almost completely gone, but what was there was 
stained in blood. No one recognized her at first. But then Katsuhito noticed 
her long red hair.

Yosho:      Mikumi. you're alive.

Ayeka:      Oh my, um. Doko, Mikato, bring her inside right away.

Doko:       We only take orders. 

Mikato:     from royal members of Jurai.

Ayeka:      I am Ayeka first princess of the Planet Jurai and right now 
Mikumi needs our help.

        The guardians scanned the princess to see if she was telling the 
truth.

Doko:       She is the first princess of Planet Jurai

Mikato:     Forgive us Princess

Sasami:     Will she be all right?

Ayeka:      If we have Washuu help her she will be.

        Everyone rushed back to house as quickly as possible. They all rushed 
into Washuu's lab where Washuu was waiting for them. She had a serious look 
on her face, which was very rare. 

Ayeka:      Washuu please help her, she is Mik (she is cut off)

Washuu:     I know who she is Ayeka I saw what happened outside and I'm going 
to help her. It is crucial that she lives.

Sasami:     Hey wait that's what Tsunami (she is cut off)

Washuu:     You must leave now I must conduct tests

Mihoshi:    Will she be all right?

Washuu:     Yes but you must leave now

        Everyone left the room except the guardians. No one spoke right away, 
but then Tenchi couldn't bear it any longer.

Tenchi:     Who is Mikumi obviously she's from Jurai, but what's going on. 
What happened with her? How did she? What are we? Ugh!!!!!!!

Yosho:      Tenchi calm down. It's time you learn another thing about Jurai's 
past. I never told anyone this story before. Not by choice, but by law. It 
happened a few years before I left Jurai. My mother, Funaho, had another 
child about a year after Ayeka was born. Her name was Mikumi. Because she 
still was half earthling she was disliked by the people, but that did not 
last for long. Her amazing beauty and power made her easier to like by the 
people. But still many were hostile towards her. She then did a noble act. 
She took her place on Jurai's Royal Council in it's most dangerous job, 
Mediator of Deities. No one but her knew exactly what that job was but it is 
very dangerous. To make it harder for her to be attacked she was given a ship 
with five Lighthawk Wings instead of regular three. This made her ship almost 
invincible. But then one day she was coming home from an important meeting 
with a deity of Jurai. It was said that the meeting could very well change 
all of Jurai for the better. But before her ship reached the port it just 
disappeared.

Ayeka:      No one knew what had happened it just disappeared. Funaho was 
heartbroken, she cried for days over her daughters loss. Every time someone 
comforted her it only made things worse. So Father made the law that the name 
Mikumi be stricken from everything. She just became a distant memory and it 
seemed to work for Funaho's sake. 

Tenchi:     There's one thing I still don't understand, how did Sasami know 
that Mikumi was near?

Ryouko:     Yeah, how did you know Sasami. I mean Katsuhito didn't know and 
he's his actual 
brother.

Sasami:     Well.um. Tsunami told me.

Ayeka:      What!? Tsunami!? When did you speak to Tsunami

Mihoshi:    Hey. aren't you a part of Tsunami, Sasami?

Kiyone:     (sigh) Yes Mihoshi she's part of Tsunami. 

Mihoshi:    Then she was talking to herself.

Ryouko:     I nominate that Mihoshi doesn't say anything else the rest of the 
meeting. All in favor say "aye" 

            Everyone but Tenchi and Sasami say "aye". Mihoshi doesn't know 
what happened, but keeps her mouth shut.

Sasami:     I get strange dreams sometimes, but in this Tsunami actually came 
and told me what to do. She said Mikumi needed to live.

Tenchi:         Well I hope she gets better it would be nice to know how she 
got here.

Ryouko:     Tenchi are you sure about that I mean look at the other Jurian 
Princess we have, the last thing we need is another one.

Ayeka:      Well at least I'm not a mummy, and I'm actually pretty. 

Ryouko:     Whatever princess you just can't handle that I'm more Tenchi's 
type. 

Ayeka:      Tenchi and I are related by noble blood he and I were made for 
each other!

            Seeing that this may take a while everyone goes about their daily 
chores. But no one can stop thinking about poor Mikumi and what has happened 
to her. Then after dinner was done Washuu finally came out of the lab.

Washuu:         Well I got rid of all her burns, healed her broken bones, 
stopped the bleeding, and gave her some new clothes. But she's in a coma and 
not even I, the great WASHUUUUU, can get her out of it. Oh and I'm guessing 
that this little doohickey here is the key to her ship, since it looks like 
the master key.

            Washuu thrust out a boomerang that had been crafted from the wood 
of her tree. It did look a lot like the Tenchiken. Ayeka took it and held it 
close to her heart and a silent tear slid down her face.

Ayeka:          Can I go see her Washuu?

Washuu:     Yes, lets all go down and see her.

            Everyone got up to go down to the lab and see her. When they 
arrived they were shocked at what they saw. A beautiful young girl about 
Ayeka's age sleeping peacefully. 
Wearing a simple plain white dress she looked very natural. She looked almost 
exactly like 
Funaho, except for her extremely long, red hair which was spread out all 
around her. There 
wasn't even a scar not a patch not anything. She looked as if she was taking 
a nice nap. 

Yosho:      Thank you so much Washuu.

Mihoshi:    Wow she's so pretty.

Kiyone:     Yeah I know.

Ayeka:      Oh she looks just as she used to thank you Washuu oh thank you! 

Ryo-ohki:   Meow! Meow! Meow!

Washuu:     I agree. Ryo-ohki says we should let her rest and not disturb 
her. Lets go upstairs.

            Three weeks passed and Mikumi still lay sleeping peacefully. 
Every day people go down to visit her. Ryo-ohki is usually found sleeping on 
her stomach when she's not on Sasami's head. Mihoshi will talk to Mikumi 
because she says Mikumi's a good listener. Washuu is constantly doing tests 
on her like she does with everything. One day Ayeka and Sasami were visiting 
her in the lab. Sasami is brushing her lengthy hair and Ayeka is washing her 
face. Ryo-ohki is taking a nap on her stomach as usual.

Sasami:     I remember that she used to brushing and style my hair.

Ayeka:      That's right Sasami she loved playing with you so much. She 
enjoyed her family.

Sasami:     Well, when she wakes up I'm gonna spend time with her as much as 
I can.

            Then Mikumi begins to stir. Ryo-ohki wakes up a little shocked 
and runs over to Sasami who doesn't really know what's going on. Sasami 
stands up and runs over to Ayeka and they look at Mikumi hopefully. She 
slowly opens her eyes to see her two sisters.

Mikumi:     Ayeka, is that you.

Ayeka:          Yes Mikumi, I'm right here. Don't worry you're all right here.

Mikumi:     Is this Jurai? Am I dead? Where are we?

Sasami:         You're in Washuu's sub space lab. You were badly injured. 
When you leave the lab you will be on planet Earth.

Mikumi:         Earth, my mother is from Earth. 

Sasami:         Yup.

Mikumi:         Sasami, is that you? Is it really you? Oh you've grown.

Sasami:         (giggling) Yes it's me! I want you to go upstairs and show 
everyone you are all better.

Ayeka:          Wait a minute Sasami, we should probably tell her about 
everything that is in our house and of umm. shall I say how we got here.

Mikumi:         Oh my.

            So Ayeka and Sasami told her everything that had happened. How 
they got to Earth. Basically the whole Tenchi Muyo series. They explained it 
over and over again until she at least looked like she understood. Then they 
journeyed out of Washuu's lab. Mikumi stood up and began to walk but soon 
fell down. With Sasami and Ayeka's help they eventually made it to the house. 
Mihoshi, Kiyone and Washuu were in the house when they got into the house.

Ayeka:          Where is Ryouko? 

Mihoshi:    I don't know. Why, is she missing?

Ayeka:      Ughhh, don't you see. She's probably with Tenchi. And I doubt 
that they are 
supervised.

Mikumi:     Why is she with a sword?

Sasami:     No, no Mikumi, Tenchi is also the name of Yosho's grandson. The 
one we told you about.

Ayeka:          Well Washuu could you tell your daughter to get exhibitionist 
as-um, well just get her over here!

Washuu:     Ahhhhhhh. Our sleeping princess has finally woke up. How 
wonderful.

            Washuu jumps up to meet the awoken girl. Washuu and Mikumi bow to 
each other 
respectfully and Mikumi sits down on the couch. Washuu, Kiyone and Mihoshi 
sit across from 
her, while Ayeka and Sasami take their place by her side.

Washuu:         I hope you realize that you're alive because of me. I 
designed all that equipment and did the operations and everything. I am 
WASHUUUUU the greatest scientific genius in the universe. Its been a pleasure 
to study you princess.

Kiyone:         Hello Princess I am First Class Detective Kiyone, and this 
(sigh) is my partner Mihoshi. 

Mihoshi:        Hi. Wow, you've been asleep for a while now. I wonder are you 
still tired? I'm always tired after I take a long nap.

Kiyone:         Mihoshi you're always tired.

Mikumi:         Ummm, no I'm perfectly fine, just a little weak that's all.

            Just then Tenchi, Ryouko, and Katsuhito burst in the room. The 
men were panting like crazy, but Ryouko looked upset.

Ryouko:     I just don't see what the big deal is she woke up. 
Oooooooohhhhhhh well we gotta see her now. Thanks a lot mom.

Washuu:     You're welcome.

Yosho:          Mikumi, is it really you?

Mikumi:         Of course Yosho, who else?

Tenchi:         Wow so you're Mikumi. Ha ha ha ha, well its nice to meet you. 
So 
ummmmmmmm.

            Mikumi stood up and walked over to Tenchi. She smiled sweetly at 
him and then spoke.

Mikumi:         Tenchi, the same name as the Master Key. Well Yosho is he 
strong?

Sasami:         Tenchi is really strong Mikumi! He can make three Lighthawk 
wings all by himself!

Mikumi:         What!? Is that true? Surely it is impossible!

Tenchi:         No, Sasami's  right I can make three Lighthawk wings. But 
only when I need to protect my friends and family. I can't do it at will.

Mikumi:         Well it still is an amazing feat. I guess Father was right 
Yosho, our blood is stronger with earthling in it.

Yosho:          hmmmmmmm.

Mikumi:         My Yosho, you have aged greatly. No longer the young man I 
knew. What 
happened to you. You left for Earth because you did not wish to be king. You 
could have 
stepped down.

Yosho:          We will discuss it later Mikumi.

Mikumi:         I'll see that we do.

Ryouko:     Hey, how do you know all this about us anyway.

Mikumi:     Ayeka and Sasami told me about this place and how everyone got 
here. It really was a fascinating story.

Kiyone:     (murmuring)That depends on how you look at it.

Sasami:     I'm going to start dinner. Mikumi, do you remember how to make 
the tea you always would give me? Cause I want to serve it for dinner tonight.

Mikumi:     That is a tea the takes slow boiling if you want it to turn out 
right I would need at least four hours.

Sasami:     Okay then never mind.

        With that Sasami cooked the dinner and served regular tea that night. 
Over the week Mikumi got to know the entire household even more. She was 
still weak and would collapse sometimes, but someone was always there to 
catch her. Whenever Tenchi would catch her Ayeka and Ryouko would go 
ballistic. Mikumi borrowed some of Ayeka's clothes so that she could look 
like a true princess of Jurai.  After the week was over Mikumi could walk for 
a long time without collapsing. She decided to celebrate by having her little 
talk with her brother Yosho. It was the first time she had been outside to 
Earth and enjoyed all the sites it had to offer. For it was spring and the 
blossoms had finally come out.

Mikumi:     It is so beautiful Yosho. I am so glad I am here.

Yosho:      Yes me too. It is so strange that it takes someone who has never 
seen this place to actually understand its beauty. 

Mikumi:     Everything has beauty Yosho, you just need to find it.

Yosho:      Yes that is what Mother always told us.

Mikumi:     I miss her Yosho. I just want to see home again. I don't need 
anything else but home. 

Yosho:      Then go home no one is stopping you.

Mikumi:     Yes they are. There is someone who cannot afford to let me go 
home. I found out things never known before. My knowledge could completely 
change all of Jurai. And they know it, and they want me dead. 

Yosho:      What knowledge do you have? Why can't you tell me? Or anyone 
else? It's not right you have always trusted me.

Mikumi:     You didn't trust me! You never told me you were leaving Jurai. Or 
that you did not want to be King!

Yosho:      You wouldn't have understood.

Mikumi:     Same reason for me as well.

Yosho:      You can still go back.

Mikumi:     Yosho the first time that I was taken away, I was sent to the far 
ends of the universe. They probably thought I would die or give up or 
something. But I didn't. I made my way back. When I was almost home again, 
they attacked. My five Lighthawk wings were no match. I almost died. But 
somehow I got here to Earth. And I don't know why.

Yosho:      I'm not sure how, but Tsunami had something to do with it.

Mikumi:     Tsunami.

Yosho:      Mikumi. I have given thought to your situation, and I may be able 
to help.

Mikumi:     How? 

Yosho:      Well, I must go back to Jurai, and take Tenchi as well. I will go 
back with you. Maybe they won't attack if you aren't alone.

Mikumi:     You are risking your life, as well as you grandson's. Plus my 
ship is in desperate need 
of repairs.

Yosho:      I am sure Washuu could fix your ship.

Mikumi:     Lets go see.

        With that they went back to the house and into Washuu's lab where she 
was finishing her work on some sort of project. They entered the room hoping 
she was in a good mood. Ayeka was also in there helping Washuu.

Mikumi:     Miss Washuu, I have a request for you

Washuu:     I only answer to, LITTLE WASHUUUUUUUUUUU!

Mikumi:     Okay, Little Washuu, would you please fix my spaceship, I wish to 
return home.

Ayeka:      Are you sure about this Mikumi? It is very dangerous for you.

Mikumi:     Yes Ayeka it is time for me to go.

Ayeka:      Well I will miss you sister. So will Sasami, we like it here on 
Earth. But I will return someday, after I woo Tenchi. But I'm sure you must 
make your good-byes and it will be difficult. 

Yosho:      Tenchi and I are going with her, it is time Tenchi learns his 
Juraian power.

Ayeka:      What!? Well um, I guess I should return home too. Sasami and I 
have gone for too long I guess. In fact what we are building here is a 
communicator to the Planet Jurai. I guess we won't be needing it now. We 
should just throw it out.

Mikumi:     No! Wait! We should tell Jurai I am coming. It would make it 
safer if they knew I am alive and going home.

Ayeka:      Hmmmmmmm. good point. All right well its almost finished. Washuu 
can you finish it without my help?

Washuu:     I started it without your help!

Ayeka:      Come on lets go tell Sasami.

            So they head upstairs thinking they were bringing good news to 
Sasami. They arrived in the living room to see everyone sitting there. Yosho 
took Tenchi outside to tell him what was going on. Ayeka broke the news to 
Sasami. When Sasami heard it she broke into tears.

Ryouko:     So princess. Going home I see. I guess you couldn't handle the 
competition. Too bad. Tenchi is all mine now. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
ha ha!

Mikumi:     Tenchi is coming with us.

Ryouko:     What? It can't be! Well I'm coming too.

Ayeka:      Do you think you could do that? They wouldn't let you near Jurai 
after what you did. No, Tenchi is going to live with his real family on Jurai 
and there is nothing you can do about it.

Sasami:     (sob) Tenchi is coming with us (sob).

Ayeka:      Yes Sasami Tenchi is going with us. That is what he and Yosho are 
talking about now.

Ryouko:     No he's not!

Ayeka:      You can't stop it Ryouko!

Ryouko:     Shut up!

Mihoshi:    Hey what are we going to do? We live here?

Kiyone:     That's right!

Ayeka:      Hmmmmmmm. Maybe you could come with us.

Mihoshi:    Yea! That would be so fun!

Kiyone:         Mihoshi! We've been assigned to this section to protect it we 
can't just leave it!
     
            The arguing continued and got even further. Down in Washuu's lab 
Washuu had just finished her communicator. Tsunami has just appeared before 
her.

Tsunami:    Tokimi will still destroy the ship. 

Washuu:     What can I do?

Tsunami:    You know what you can do. You can go with them.

Washuu:     Technically you're going with them, just protect them.

Tsunami:    Washuu, the end is near. She will attack no matter how many 
guards, how many 
royals, or how many powers are on that ship. You are the only thing she needs 
alive.

Washuu:     She is interested in Tenchi too you know. She wont kill him.

Tsunami:    He won't be killed when in danger he initiates the Lighthawk 
wings. She will send a blast that would destroy everyone else, but not him.

Washuu:     So this is unavoidable.

Tsunami:    Yes. We knew it would happen. See you on Jurai, sister.

            With those final words Tsunami disappeared into nothingness 
again. Washuu went upstairs only to see everyone fighting with each other. 
Mikumi, Sasami, Tenchi and Yosho were just watching everything go on.

Washuu:     Ahem.

            Everyone stops what they are doing and look at Washuu.

Washuu:     If it is not too much trouble or inconvenience, may I go to Jurai 
with you. 

Mikumi:     Of course Washuu, that would be lovely.

Ryouko:     If Washuu goes I go!

Ayeka:      No way! 

Ryouko:     (fake sob) All I want is to be with my mommy. Its been so long 
since I've seen her! I couldn't bear to be without her. You must know what it 
feels like don't you Mikumi?

Mikumi:     Well I didn't know Washuu was your mother Ryouko. I guess you 
should come with us then. But Jurai still may not allow it.   

Ryouko:     They will if you say its okay.

Ayeka:      Well I don't like it.

Mihoshi:    Hey! What about me and Kiyone?

Mikumi:     Hmmmmmmmmmmm. I know! We could contact the Galaxy Police and say 
we 
need you for a special assignment. They wouldn't turn down the royal princess 
of Jurai if she said you were needed. 

Kiyone:     I don't know.

Mikumi:     Think of it this way Kiyone, if a royal princess hand picks two 
police detectives for a top secret assignment, those detectives surely will 
be promoted.

Kiyone:     A promotion! Well why didn't you say so. Of Course we'll go!

Sasami:     Yea! We're all going to Jurai!       

Ayeka:      First we must contact Jurai. How shall we do this?

Mikumi:     I have an idea. come here Ayeka.

        Mikumi explained her idea to Ayeka and Ayeka agreed. They went down 
into 
Washuu's lab and had Washuu contact the Planet Jurai Video Conversation Unit. 
One of the 
operators answered. Ayeka was talking to the guard while Mikumi stayed out of 
sight.

Operator:   Jurai Video Conversation Unit who would you like to connect to?

Ayeka:      I am Princess Ayeka first princess of the Planet Jurai.

Operator:   Oh my! Yes Princess! What do you need?

Ayeka:      I wish to speak with Queen Funaho

Operator:   Of course right away!. um, she's in a council meeting right now 
can I take a 
message.

Ayeka:      I must speak to her it is urgent.

Operator: Okay.

            Five minutes go by and then Ayeka is connected to Funaho.

Funaho:     Hello Ayeka. What was so important you couldn't leave a message?

Ayeka:      You needed to see this for yourself to believe it. Come here.

            Mikumi walks to where Funaho can see her. Funaho is so shocked 
she gasps. 

Funaho:     My little Mikumi is that you? Is it really you?

Mikumi:     Yes mother it is really me. I've been alive for all these years.

Funaho:     Oh my Mikumi you're alive my baby is alive! I must go get your 
father!

Ayeka:      Great! Here comes father.

            Funaho runs off to get her husband while Mikumi and Ayeka wait. 
They see her 
rushing back with Azusa by her side.

Azusa:      Mikumi, you're really alive?

Mikumi:     Yes father, and I'm coming home to Jurai. 

Azusa:      Well at least I have one obedient child left.

Ayeka:      All of us are coming home father. We've decide it's time. Oh and 
Tenchi is coming too!   

Azusa:      Great. Why is he coming.

Mikumi:     Because he belongs in Jurai. Now I want you to be nice to him 
father no funny business. Also we are bringing Washuu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and 
ummmm. Ryouko.  

Azusa:      RYOUKO! Absolutely not! No Way! Not at all! Nope! It can't 
happen! The people would crucify me. She is too powerful to contain.

        Washuu who has been listening in pipes up

Washuu:     If I may offer a suggestion.

Azusa:      What?

Washuu:     Well Ryouko's power is actually in three gems. Those gems when in 
her body give her the energy and power which you so fear. Yosho sealed those 
gems in the Master Key, 
something Ryouko cannot touch. If we just put those gems in the Master Key 
the only Power 
she will have is the ability to fly.

Azusa:      But it still is Ryouko.

Mikumi:     Mihoshi and Kiyone are Galaxy Police officers. We could say that 
they are there to keep an eye on Ryouko.

Funaho:     Do it Azusa. I've been without my children for too long.

Azusa:      All right. They can come. But they all better behave themselves. 
By the way Ayeka, have you talked to your mother yet.

Ayeka:      Um.er. not yet father. But I would like to. (under breath) yeah 
right.

Azusa:      Guard, go get Queen Misaki.

Ayeka:      Oh Boy.

            All of a sudden Misaki came crashing into the room. She shoved 
everyone out of the way so that she could see her daughter.

Misaki:     Little Ayeka! Oh my Ayeka! How good it is to see you again.

Ayeka:      Oh hello Mother. You look Well.

Mikumi:     Hello Auntie Misaki.

Misaki:         Mikumi! You're alive! Oh this is a great day! Is it true you 
are all coming home?

Ayeka:      Yes Mother it's true.

Misaki:         Finally!!!!!!

Ayeka:      Mother we really must be going. We will see you all very soon. I 
promise!

Misaki:     All right dear. Tell Sasami I love her! Bye

Funaho:     Bye girls! I am anxiously waiting! Hurry home!

Azusa:      Good-Bye girls.

Ayeka and Mikumi:  Bye!

            With that they shut the machine off.

Ayeka:      Lets go upstairs and tell everyone the good news!

                  Ayeka and Mikumi went upstairs to tell everyone the rules, 
and to prepare for their journey. Washuu stayed back and had a quiet thought.

Washuu:     It is not over yet Mikumi. I'm afraid your horrors are just 
beginning.

            Deep in space. On Tokimi's shrine.

Tokimi:     I couldn't have said it better myself Washuu. Even if I tried. 

Next:
The Star of the Lighthawk: part II of the Mikumi saga  
