This story is a fan fiction of my favorite Anime, Tenchi Muyo. All the
characters depicted in this story are the sole properties of Pioneer and
AIC.  If any one from either or both of those organizations are reading
this I would simply like to say Thank You for your role in bringing such
beautiful characters to life through the magic of animation. I don't
know what it is about this series, but some how it just tugs at my heart
strings. I actually find myself caring about what happens to these
characters, and feel every one of their emotions. This is my first and
probably last fan fiction, but you never know. I simply did it to see if
I could . It's not very long, but I do hope you enjoy it.

Tenchi Muyo: Mind, Body, Hearts & Souls

By: Garry L. Robinson
garry7@goeaston.net

Tenchi lie there in his bed; awakened by thoughts that had haunted him
for some time now.  He  remembered his grandfather say many times how
important it was to make the right choices in life. "Think before you
act", Yosho would say. "Weigh your options and choose the path that is
most clear, Tenchi". But Tenchi doubted that the choices his grandfather
had talked about had anything to do with what concerned him now. He was
the direct Heir to the Royal Family of the House of Jurai, and Lady
Ayeka was the Princess of Jurai. He knew where his destiny was
leading............but what of the others he cared for too? What would
happen to them?

Tenchi glanced over at his clock. The glowing green LED displayed
"5:05am". Everyone was still in bed. "I can't just lie here forever"
,sighed Tenchi. "Might as well get up."

Tenchi took a quick shower, got dressed, and made his way through the
house checking on each of the girls as he went. Not quite knowing why he
did it; it was a regular routine he had established some time ago, and
had been doing it ever since. Ryoko's room, as usual, was a disaster.
Tenchi could barely make out where the mess ended and Ryoko began, but
there she was; asleep and  half buried under a pile of clothes and empty
sake bottles. If any of them needed discipline and stability in their
lives it was Ryoko. Her exterior may be as hard as steel, but Tenchi
couldn't help but notice at times that underneath that tough shell,
Ryoko was probably the most vulnerable, at least emotionally, of them
all.

Kiyone had fallen asleep in the chair in the corner of her and Mihoshi's
room reading a book of "The 10 Most Heinous Earth Criminals of the 20th
Century". What could Tenchi say about Kiyone? She was a Galaxy Police
Officer through and through. Always by-the-book, formal, punctual, and
official. Putting up with Mihoshi as a Galaxy Police partner was no
small task either. Still, Kiyone needed someone to show her how to have
fun in life and that it was okay sometimes to bend the rules a little. A
short walk down the hall was Ayeka's and Sasami's room. Opening the door
ever so gently, so as not to disturb the two sleeping Princesses, Tenchi
looked in to see that all was well. They were sleeping soundly. Ayeka
turned in her sleep and pulled the covers slightly off herself. Tenchi
promptly turned around, his face turned a light shade of red, and
,reaching behind him,  quietly pulled the door closed. Was it chivalry
or shyness?  He contemplated that question for a second. "What ever it
is I'm going to have to learn to get over it." ,thought Tenchi as he
made his way down the stairs. "Oh... Mihoshi ?!" ,reprimanded Tenchi in
a whisper as he shook his head. She lie there on the couch covered in
crumbs in front of the television set that was showing nothing more than
a white static filled screen. What she needed more than anything else
was someone to just watch out for her. For all of her ineptitude,
clumsiness, apparent lack of order, and bungling she was, at the least,
extremely loyal. That ,in and of itself, deserved her some credit. Not
to mention that somehow, despite her incompetence, she always seemed to
accomplish her tasks at hand and would come through for you when you
needed her the most.

Tenchi made his way over to the television avoiding the empty packages
of  snacks lying all over the floor and quietly clicked the television
off. He had considered starting breakfast, but it was early. Besides,
Sasami took great pride in preparing the family meals. Now she would
make someone a very good wife some day. Sweet and courteous,
adventurous, and never afraid of new challenges. Not to mention she
could take the foulest tasting thing on the planet and make it taste
like a meal fit for a king.

Washu.... Little Washu must have fallen asleep in the lab again. Tenchi
felt some what sorry for Washu. She rarely spoke about her past, and
when she did you could feel the pain in her voice. The greatest
scientific mind in the known universe wasn't immune to, nor could she
create a device to counter, the emotions that she felt inside. Tenchi
guessed that was the reason she hid behind that child-like facade of
hers and immersed herself in her work. Washu needed someone to love and
be loved as well.

Tenchi put on a jacket to chase away the slight chill that was still in
the morning Spring air. It was nearing 6:00am and everybody would be
getting up soon enough. He could already hear Mihoshi in the other room
stirring amongst the empty snack packages. He had best get started on
his chores. It was going to be a long day. The dim beginnings of
daylight were just breaking over the mountains in the distance as he
headed out the door. Tenchi walked over to the shed, threw the rake,
shovel, broom, and hoe over his shoulder as well as a few baskets
hanging from the assortment of tools and headed for the carrot patches.

*********************************************************************************

It was near 9:30am when Tench had finished tending to the newly planted
crops of carrots. It would be several more weeks before they could even
be considered for harvesting; much to Ryo-ohki's dismay. As Tenchi
headed for the Masaki Shrine with the broom in hand he was greeted by
his grandfather, Yosho.

"Tenchi, I see you have gotten a head start on today's chores" ,he said.

"Yes grandpa, I couldn't go back to sleep earlier this morning after
awakening so I decided to start my chores early" ,replied Tenchi.

"Hmmm..... bad dreams?" ,asked Yosho.

"No" ,replied Tenchi, "just.....too much thinking I guess."

"I see" ,said Yosho. "Tenchi, I have always told you to weigh your
options and choose the path that is most clear.... what I have not told
you until now is that sometimes the clearest path is sometimes the most
obvious. Think with your head, feel with your heart, and listen with
your soul."

"Gee grandpa thanks..... now I'm more confused then when I was before"
,said Tenchi, grasping the back of his head.

Yosho chuckled and said, " Remember what I have said, Tenchi. It is
possible to examine a problem too long. You must learn to not only weigh
your options but balance them as well."  With that said, Yosho headed
off toward the Masaki residence.  His grandfather tried to help with
words of wisdom, but Tenchi just couldn't decipher some of the things
grandpa tried to tell him half the time. He continued sweeping the
grounds surrounding the shrine.

Having finished sweeping around the shrine; Tenchi headed towards home.
As he entered the Masaki household  he could already here the arguments
around the breakfast table.

"Must you eat with your mouth open?" ,asked Kiyone. "And where's your
uniform we're due on patrol in 18 minutes."

"I'm sorry Kiyone." ,sobbed Mihoshi.

"I still don't know why you even come to the meal table!!" ,yelled
Ayeka. "I thought you don't need to eat anyway."

"What's the matter Little Princess?  Afraid I'm going to take away your
food?  Trust me you could afford to lose a few pounds" ,retorted Ryoko.

"And what is that supposed to imply you....you...monster" ,was Ayeka's
response.

Just then the inter dimensional door to the lab opened and out stepped
Washu. "Morning Tenchi. Are those two at it again?"

"Morning Little Washu. Yes, I'm afraid so." said Tenchi. " Have you been
in your lab all night?"

"Yep, I've finally finished the poly-phasic inter-universal shifter. I
can now officially announce that I am the greatest scientific mind in
several universes" ,proclaimed Washu.

"Uhh...that's great Little Washu" ,said Tenchi, not understanding what
she was talking about as usual.

"Are you two going to stand there and talk or are you going to come eat
this wonderful  meal I've prepared?" ,asked Sasami as she set two more
places at the table.

As the two of them approached the table the bickering continued. "Come
on Mihoshi we're going to be late enough as it is" ,griped Kiyone.

"But I'm not finished eating yet" ,whined Mihoshi.

"And just what are you trying to say;  that I'm fat!?!?" ,bellowed
Ayeka.

"Hey!! All I said ,Princess,  is that there's a little more ass to you
than usual" ,replied Ryoko.

"It's going to be a looooong day." ,thought Tenchi.

*********************************************************************************

Training was not going well that afternoon. Tenchi was used to his
Grandfather besting him. After all that's why he's the master and
Tenchi's the student, but this was an unprecedented 11 times that
Tenchi  found himself knocked flat on his back and staring at the sky.
Yosho walked over and looked down at him saying, "Tenchi , you are not
concentrating today."

"I know grandpa. I'm sorry. It's just...." ,Tenchi began.

"...It's just that your mind is still distracted with other thoughts"
,Yosho finished Tenchi's sentence.

Tenchi nodded his head confirming Yosho's observation.

"I see." ,said Yosho as he lowered the training sword off his shoulder.
"No more lessons today, Tenchi. Rest and we will start fresh tomorrow.
Perhaps then your mind will be free of your distractions."

"Thanks Grandpa, and I'm sorry. I'll do better tomorrow, I promise."
,said Tenchi as he headed in the direction of the onsen.

As his mind and body relaxed from the warmth of the soothing waters;
Tenchi came to a conclusion as to where his path in life was inevitably
taking him, and decided to act on it. Still ,somewhere in the recesses
of his soul, he could not help but feel saddened for the hurt feelings
and heartaches he was going to inflict on the others.

Later that afternoon, after dinner, everyone had retired to their normal
pre evening routines.  Nobuyuki resigned to the library for some "light"
reading. Yosho returned to tend to the Masaki Shrine. Washu went to her
lab to continue her experiments with that poly-phasic... whatever she
said. Ryoko had said something about relaxing in the onsen. She had
invited Tenchi to join her, but he declined sighting that he had other
things to do. Mihoshi and Kiyone were not back from their usual patrol
of this quadrant of space, and probably wouldn't be back until later
this evening. Sasami was busily clearing the table, and Ayeka was
preparing to help her. Tenchi helped clear some of the dishes to the
sink as well; he  then turned to Ayeka and asked, "Miss Ayeka, w-w-would
you like to take a leisurely walk with me down by the lake?"

Ayeka blushed slightly at Tenchi's invitation and was about to respond
when Sasami spoke up saying, "Go on Ayeka, I'll tend to the dishes."

"Oh..well..are you sure you don't mind ,Sasami?" ,asked Ayeka
courteously.

"Of course not" ,said Sasami. "Besides I've got Ryo-ohki to help me.
Right Ryo-ohki?"

"Miyaa!! Miyaa!!" ,responded the small cabbit as she transformed into
her humanoid form.

"See," stated Sasami, with a giggle. "I've got all the help I need."

The Princess  graciously accepted Tenchi's offer and the two of them
walked into the woods towards the direction of the lake. The forest was
beautiful. The trees, in preparation for Spring, had bloomed, and the
scent of the blossoms  filled the woodlands wafting over the couple as
they strolled along a narrow path. As they approached a small clearing
in the middle of the woods Tenchi turned to Ayeka. Swallowing hard, he
looked into her amethyst eyes. She was beautiful. A ray of pre dusk
sunlight shown through the trees illuminating her face and sparkling on
her violet hair. Tenchi searched his mind and heart for the words he was
looking for.

"Uhh...Lady A-Ayeka...Princess, I...ummm" ,Tenchi stumbled over the
words.

"What is it, Lord Tenchi?" ,asked Ayeka in her usual petite tone that
she reserved for addressing Tenchi personally.

Tenchi gathered his thoughts took a deep breath and began. "Princess,
before you and the others arrived I had a relatively simple life, albeit
a plain one. But since your arrival I've learned many things about
myself. Who I am, what I represent, and where I belong. Grandpa used to
speak of destiny to me. Saying that everyone had a path to follow in
life." Tenchi paused, noticing the puzzled look on Ayeka's face. He
continued, " Miss Ayeka,.......Princess, I believe that my destiny lies
with my Juraian heritage." Tenchi didn't know the correct customs of
Jurai, but he hoped the old Earth custom would suffice. He reached
behind him and pulled out a small box from his back pocket. As he knelt
on one knee and presented the box to the Princess her eyes widened and
her heart was overjoyed; for within the box was a solid gold engagement
ring. As he held her hand and slipped the ring on to her finger he said,
"This belonged to my mother and she would have been proud to have you
wear it in acceptance for being my wife." Tenchi stood and gazed into
the Princess' teary eyes.

"Tenchi, I..........", Ayeka began.

At that moment from out of nowhere appeared Ryoko floating down from the
treetops.

"Well, well what are you two doing this deep in the woods....huh? ,asked
Ryoko in a suspecting voice. "You know Tenchi", continued Ryoko, " if
you wanted to sneak off with some one you should have picked me. I would
have shown you a good time." She clung to Tenchi's shoulders and ran her
hand down his back to squeeze his buttocks.

"Ryoko, please..." ,pleaded Tenchi seeing the ire building in Ayeka.

"Listen you...." ,started Ayeka.

"Oh, calm down Little Princess.  I'm sure you weren't going to get any
where with Tenchi any way." ,interrupted Ryoko.

That was it. Ayeka exploded. "You...you.... listen to me you
contemptible BITCH!!!  For your information Tenchi has just shown his
true feelings for me, and asked me to be his bride!!" ,screamed Ayeka
showing Ryoko the finger on which the gold ring was adorned. Ayeka
continued her verbal attack, "HOW  you could possibly believe that
Tenchi would be interested in a loathsome, despicable, unclean, unkempt,
uncivilized, whorish tramp such as yourself is beyond any one's
understanding!!!  I doubt that Washu, your very own creator, could even
figure that one out !!!  You will always be alone, Ryoko!! You do not
know what love is all about and you never will !!!!"

Tenchi just stood there shocked at the outburst that Ayeka had just
demonstrated. The quiet that overcame the entire forest was deafening.
Ayeka quickly glanced away already ashamed of the things she had just
said. Ryoko hovered there in the clearing for a moment, stunned. Her
world had just been shattered. Her dreams destroyed. She hovered there a
moment more glancing at Tenchi, who had lowered his head in sorrow, and
then at Ayeka, who glanced up abruptly only to see Ryoko slowly fade
away.

Ayeka saw the pain in Ryoko's eyes. This time, somehow, she had really
hurt the space pirate's feelings over Tenchi's affections. However,
Ryoko faded away before she had a chance to apologize for the cruel
words she had just used. What was even worse; Ayeka saw, for the first
time, the extent of the demon's love for Tenchi by the slight tears in
her  eyes just as she vanished. Tenchi stood there with an expression of
sorrow on his face for Ryoko. It was then that  Ayeka  first suspected
that Tenchi didn't just care for her alone, but  indeed cared for Ryoko
too; as well as all the other girls in the Masaki household.

"Princess Ayeka........ I-I don't think you should have said those
things to her. I think you really hurt Ryoko this time." said Tenchi in
a saddened voice.

"Lord Tenchi, I-I didn't mean to be so.....so  harsh. Those words were
improper for a Princess of Jurai. Please accept my most humblest
apologies." ,responded Ayeka.

"I can forgive you Ayeka, but it's Ryoko whom you should really
apologize to. I realize that the two of you are usually at odds over
things, mainly....well.....me." ,said Tenchi.

"I know, Lord Tenchi. But having you propose to me and then having
that..... creature appear out of nowhere only to ruin my feeling of
bliss I-..I...Oohhh.!!.....she just gets to me that's all !!!"
,exclaimed Ayeka.

Again the Princess noticed a slight expression of sorrow on Tenchi's
face as she said "creature" in the description of Ryoko. Could it be
that Tenchi loved Ryoko? The Princess pondered this for a moment and
then dismissed it. For if Tenchi did indeed love Ryoko, why did he
propose to her and not to Ryoko?

*********************************************************************************

The newly engaged couple made their way back to the Masaki residence,
slowly walking side by side with Tenchi's right hand firmly holding onto
Ayeka's left. As they neared the front door Ryoko appeared,  her head
slightly bowed and avoiding eye contact with either of them she said,
"I...I'm sorry Tenchi for the way I acted. I didn't realize
that........." The words Ryoko was looking for were not there. "I would
also like to apologize to you Ayeka".  Ayeka was shocked. She had
thought that Ryoko would rather be imprisoned for another 700 years
rather than apologize for anything she did or said to the Princess.

" I do hope that....."  Ryoko's voice cracked and trailed off. It was
then that Ayeka noticed the droplets of water on the ground at Ryoko's
feet. "...that the two of you will be happy together. You will not have
to worry about my intrusions any more because I'm  leaving......." Ryoko
trailed off again trying to regain some composure, but could not.
".....I love you Tenchi!" she cried, breaking down at those last four
words crying and sobbing into her hands. Before either Tenchi or Ayeka
could respond to comfort her;  Ryoko quickly turned and vanished through
the front wall of the Masaki home. The Princess and Tenchi just stood
their. Ayeka glanced over to Tenchi to see a single tear roll down his
right cheek, and, to her surprise, felt a tear roll down her own cheek
as well. Silence. At this moment a revelation came to Ayeka. All her
feelings for Ryoko had been unjustified. The demon...no..the woman that
she had thought merely wanted Tenchi only because Tenchi was something
that she, Ayeka, desired was indeed in love with Tenchi as well. Ryoko,
to the best of Ayeka's knowledge, had never known true love. When Tenchi
put his very life on the line while facing Kagato it was the first time
in Ryoko's existence that somebody actually cared for her, and she took
this to heart.

"Perhaps we should leave  her alone for a while and then go talk with
her." ,said Tenchi

"Do you think she will really leave?" ,asked Ayeka.

"I hope not" ,responded Tenchi. "If she did..... I'd miss her."

There it was again. Only this time Tenchi had actually admitted that he
cared for Ryoko.

"Lord Tenchi... " ,began Ayeka, trying to judge her words carefully,
"forgive me for asking , but do you...... love Ryoko?" There was no
other way for her to phrase it.

Tenchi's mouth dropped open. He looked around as if trying to find the
words he wanted to say somewhere on the ground.

" I-uhh-well-ahh......Princess I-I..."  He stopped, took a deep breath,
and said, "Yes."   Tenchi saw the hurt in the Princess' eyes as she
lowered her head and held tight the ring that was firmly on her finger.
He quickly continued so as to  comfort her. " I mean....I love all of
you. You surely realized that.  Ayeka, I just find it so hard to show my
affections for one of you without hurting the others."  He walked over
and, gently raising her head up so her eyes met his, he continued. "
Ayeka.... I do love you with all my heart, but I likewise  have just as
deep a feeling for the other girls too. Ryoko, Sasami, Washu,
Kiyone,...hell!!....even Mihoshi."  That last one not only surprised
Ayeka but Tenchi as well. He was finally releasing his true feelings for
all of them. As he raised her chin a little higher he gently kissed her
sweetly on the lips. It was at this point that the Princess had a moment
of complete clarity and realized that to truly have the love of her life
she would have to share that love not only with her sister Princess,
Sasami, but also with her other  "sisters"  as well.

Her fears at rest, Ayeka found her voice and asked, "Why then did you
only propose to me Lord Tenchi?" She gave him a petite smile.

"Huh?..." was Tenchi's first response. Not quite understanding what the
Princess had just said he continued. " Well...I...that is......" Tenchi
just couldn't find the words and finally asked, "What are you saying
Ayeka ?"

The Princess giggled slightly.

At this point Tenchi was totally confused and looked it. But before he
could say anything else the Princess said, "My love. You are the direct
Heir to the Royal Family of the House of Jurai. A Prince in your own
right. In following with Juraian customs you are entitled to as few or
as many wives as you choose." She let those last few words sink in.

"What are you trying to tell me Ayeka?" ,asked Tenchi once more.

"I am saying, dear, that I too love you with all my heart, but you would
never feel comfortable loving me while thinking of the pain and hurt
feeling you inadvertently afflicted on the others. They seem to care for
you too as much as you care for them." ,stated Ayeka. Tenchi fell to the
steps as the full force of what Ayeka was implying hit him. Ayeka
gracefully sat down beside him.

"Six....... wives ?" ,Tenchi asked aloud.

"Six wives!" ,confirmed  Ayeka as she leaned her head on his shoulder.

"And.....y-y-you wouldn't mind?" ,asked Tenchi.

"You forget, love, that I was raised a Princess of Jurai. I was quite
aware that I may have to share my betrothed with my sister Sasami, when
she came of age of course,  as well as any others he might choose."
,said Ayeka, calming Tenchi's fears now.

They sat there a few moments together pondering what was decided. Tenchi
suddenly jumped to his feet pulling the Princess with him saying, "Oh my
gosh!! We forgot about Ryoko. We have to tell her before she leaves."

Ayeka and Tenchi dashed  through the front door and ran through the
house  looking for Ryoko. Sasami, noticing the excitement, asked, "What
are you two doing? Looking for something?"

"I'll explain later Sasami." ,said Ayeka out of breath. " Have you seen
Ryoko? It's important that we find her."

Tenchi came running down the steps saying, "She's not in her room."

"Ryoko looked very upset over something." ,said Sasami. "Were you and
her fighting again Ayeka?"

"Please Sasami, it's very important that we find her." ,Ayeka insisted.
" Did you see where she went?"

"Well..." ,Sasami began, "..she said something about me being a good
girl and for me to watch over you and Tenchi......what did she mean by
that Ayeka?"

"Please Sasami!!" ,Ayeka pleaded. "Tell us where she went. I'll tell you
everything later. I promise."

"Well..." continued Sasami, "..she patted me on the head took Ryo-ohki
and left out the back door.... Hey!! where are you two going?"
,exclaimed Sasami as Tenchi and Ayeka took off out the back door.
"Remember you promised to tell me what's going on later!!" ,she yelled
after the two of them.

As they neared the edge of the forest Tenchi stopped. The sun was
setting and they didn't have much daylight left. "Let's split up", he
said. "I'll look over by the training grounds and Funaho. You take down
by the lake and the cave."

"Right." ,responded Ayeka.

Ayeka searched along the shore of the lake in Ryoko's usual haunts but
found nothing. Then, as she was approaching the cave in which Ryoko had
been imprisoned  for so many years, she heard sobbing sounds coming from
deep inside the cave. It was dark inside but navigable by the slight
amount of light that filtered in to the shadowy corners. She noticed
Ryoko kneeling in front of the seal which had imprisoned her for so
long. Ryo-ohki was beside her feeling Ryoko's emotional pain and sorrow
through the unique telepathic bond they shared and meowing in a pitiful
tone.

"Why did you have to release me?"  Ryoko cried.  "I would have rather
stayed imprisoned here for all eternity than to endure this pain I feel
for you now." Ryoko once more broke down in tears. "Miyaaahhh!!"
Ryo-ohki cried also.

As Ayeka came closer she could hear Ryoko, who had once again recomposed
herself, say, "I will miss you my love. I do hope that you and the
Princess are happy together."  Ryoko then lay a tear-stained photo that
she had been holding of Tenchi on the seal in front of her and stood to
leave. As she turned around she noticed the Princess standing there.

Wiping her eyes she said, "Ayeka?  How long have you been standing
there?"

"Long enough." Ayeka said in a hushed tone.

Ryoko sniffled and replied, " Yes...well...I was just leaving. Good bye
Princess and good luck on your marriage....to Tenchi". A lone tear made
it's way down Ryoko's face once more. Ayeka could tell that of all the
powers Ryoko possessed it was taking every ounce of strength she had to
keep from breaking down once more in front of  the Princess.

"Come along Ryo-ohki it's time to leave" ,said Ryoko.

"Miyaa!" was Ryo-ohki's response as she sprung on to Ryoko's shoulder.

Ayeka held up one hand and said, "I can't let you leave, Ryoko."

"Princess, I don't want to fight with you any more" ,stated Ryoko as she
moved to pass Ayeka. But Ayeka stood between Ryoko and the exit to the
cave saying, "All I need to do is talk with you, Ryoko."

"Ryo-ohki," Ayeka addressed the cabbit. " I think Sasami has some nice
delicious carrots for you." With that said, Ryo-ohki jumped from her
perch atop Ryoko's left shoulder and scurried out of the cave in the
direction of the the Masaki house.

"Come back here you traitor!" ,scolded Ryoko to the now gone cabbit.

Ryoko stood there looking at the Princess who in turn was standing there
looking at her. A few moments went by until a slight vestige of the
"old" Ryoko showed itself and she said, "Well, are you going to talk or
are we going to stand here in this damp dark cave freezing our asses off
all night?"

Ayeka smiled at that remark and started, " Ryoko, I know that you love
Tenchi. You love him as much as I do."

"Yes I do" ,said Ryoko in a hushed whisper and glancing back at the
picture she had placed on the seal.

"However," continued Ayeka.  "I have come to the conclusion  that for
Tenchi to show his true love for me, I must be willing to share that
love. You should see that as well Ryoko. Lord Tenchi is incapable of
loving just one of us without hurting the others. I have seen in his
eyes that it causes him great emotional pain inside when he has
inadvertently hurt one of us by showing affection towards the others."

"That's interesting and all Ayeka, but Tenchi  proposed to YOU. After
all you are the Princess of Jurai.  I'm just a "demon". You were right
when you said that I would never know love. All I've ever been is a
space pirate. Maybe not by my own choosing, but that's what I am." ,said
Ryoko, as she lowered her head in sorrow.

"No." ,responded Ayeka, feeling the hurt in Ryoko's words. "You are much
more than that. I USED to think that of you,.... but no more. I thought
of you as a rival for Tenchi's love, Ryoko. I did not realize that the
feelings you had for Tenchi were true. I thought you only wanted Tenchi
because Tenchi was someone that I loved, and wanted to be with." Ayeka
placed her hand on Ryoko's shoulder. "I no longer consider you a space
pirate, nor do I consider you a demon. Those words I spoke to you
earlier today were unjust, and......I apologize."

Ryoko looked up in surprise. It was her turn to be shocked. Ayeka had
actually apologized to HER. Seeing Ryoko's reaction Ayeka smiled and
asked, "What? A Princess can't be wrong?"

Ryoko gave a saddened smile back at the Princess and said, "So...does
this mean we're friends now or something?"

"I think we're going to be much more than just friends, Ryoko", said the
Princess smiling mischievously this time.

"Huh?? What do you mean by that?" ,was Ryoko's immediate response.

Ayeka shivered a little from the dampness in the cave saying, "Could we
possibly continue this conversation at home? Lord Tenchi will be worried
if we don't return soon. After all, it is not befitting for a couple of
Princesses to carry on a conversation of this stature in a dark dingy
cave." As Ayeka turned to exit the cave the words she had just spoken
finally registered to Ryoko who said, "Wait a minute. What did you just
say ?"

"Oh!!..." said Ayeka with that sly smile again, "I almost forgot....  As
I pointed out to Lord Tenchi, he has the right to choose as few or as
MANY wives as he sees fit. Therefore, "sister",  you too will be a
Princess of Jurai upon the consummation of the marriage.

Ryoko was dumbfounded trying to comprehend the words that the Princess
spoke. Finally, in bewilderment, she said ,"Y-You mean.....Tenchi....
and you....and m-me.................together?"

"Mmm-hmmm", responded Ayeka affirmatively.

A flush of overwhelming emotions welled up inside Ryoko. Unable to
contain her joy, she grabbed the Princess and hugged her until Ayeka
managed to whimper, " Ryoko, your crushing meeeee!! "

"I-I'm sorry.", laughed Ryoko as she released the Princess. "I've  never
felt this happy before!!"

"That's all right." ,said Ayeka straightening her dress.  "Now.......
let's get the hell out of this damn damp cave."

"Heeyy!!" ,quipped Ryoko. "I think a little of me is rubbing off on you
already."

"I just pray some of ME rubs off on YOU." ,responded Ayeka.

They both laughed as they exited the cave into the night air.

"Do you think Tenchi will be up to handling the two of us, "sister" ?"
,asked Ryoko humorously. Using that word to describe her former rival
was going to take a little getting used to. Ryoko had no idea what it
was like to have a real sister. Although, after seeing how close Ayeka
and Sasami were, she thought it might not be so bad having a surrogate
one.

Ayeka cleared her throat and said, "Well.....there is going to be more
than just the two of us, Ryoko."

"Oh!! right. I almost forgot about Sasami..err...Tsunami. We have a
while, though, with her." responded Ryoko.

"Actually there's going to be....", Ayeka gave a dramatic pause.
"........Six of us."

Tenchi was returning home from his search near Funaho. There was no sign
of Ryoko anywhere. Perhaps Ayeka was having better luck. Grandpa's words
of wisdom finally dawned on Tenchi. He couldn't imagine his life without
even one of the girls, Ryoko included. Tenchi turned to go inside the
house, but hesitated as his hand reached for the door knob. He turned
quickly, then smiled; for he heard Ryoko's thunderous voice echo
throughout the forest exclaiming.......... " WWHAT!?!?!? "
