A Momentary Attack of Thought

An answer to a challenge by BGlanders

*****

How do you tell someone how you feel?

What do you do when someone thinks that you're just some ditz, that you can't
even do a simple thing like the laundry or the dishes or stop a criminally
insane space pirate?  

How do you convince your partner that yes you really do understand what you're
doing but you just can't seem to get the hang of it?

How do you convince someone that you love him?

I know I'm a ditz and there's nothing I can do about that.  I know that the
others don't think I'm capable of intelligent thought but I am too!

Oh, where's the save key on this thing?

Anyway, as I was saying, I'm just as bright as the rest of them.  Just because
I screw up sometimes, does that mean that I'm incompetent?  Just because
things don't always go my way, does that mean I'm useless?

I remember when Yosho asked me to be Tenchi's wife.  Oh, I was so happy!  I
thought he was serious and that Tenchi and I would be together forever!  Then
I found out he was just saying that to make Ryoko mad.  I tried to act like it
was no big deal, like I didn't care that my feelings had been used to pull a
prank on another.  I just smiled and acted like it was no big deal, but it
hurt.

Just like the pranks hurt.  Whenever Ryoko or Aeka pull a prank on me, they
think I don't know about it.  They think that I don't see them laughing behind
my back.  I know what they do.  I see them laughing, but I don't care, because
I'm a Galaxy Police person and I'm above that.

Oh pooh!  I am not above that!  It's just like being in the Academy again.  I
remember all those jokes and pranks they pulled on me.  I remember when I
accidentally walked into the boys bathroom and saw my phone number written on
the wall.  That really hurt, you know, when I realized that all the gossip and
rumors were really out there.  It hurt when every time I went on a date the
boys just wanted me for…well..something other than my brains.  Then I met
Tenchi.

He was the first person I ever met that cared about my feelings instead of my
body.  The fact that he cared about me as a person made me feel special
inside.  I really liked that, having someone care about what I	 think and not
how I look.

Oh boy, Sasami had dinner ready and it smells really good.  I've got to
remember to thank Yosho for letting me borrow his word processor.  I could use
the Yagami's log but Yukonojo gets too nosey.  

Hmm, now how do I save this?  Oh wow, what are these?  Ryoko's Profiles?  Wow,
I wonder what these are…

*****

And so the wackiness begins!  

There.  I answered your challenge, and in an hour to boot!  So it's not too
long and it's not to IC, but in the grand scheme of things, who cares?

Tenchi & Co belong to AiC and Pioneer

All C&C should head towards BGlanders@aol.com