                  Mirror, mirror, on the Wall.........
                               by Lyn D.

(Okay, before ya start reading, disclaimers and notes. Tenchi Muyo is
copyright of AIC and Pioneer. My apologies to all Tenchi fanatics for the
mirror universe. I just got the idea and had to write this. Thanks.)

        Washu hits a button on her keyboard. The Tenchi gang appears in
various positions. Ryoko and Aeka have Tenchi's arms and are pulling him
towards themselves. Mihoshi is sitting cross-legged and begins to cry.
        "Waah! I'm missing my shows!"
Kiyone claps a hand across her partner's mouth. Ryo-ohki is eating a carrot
and Sasami is holding several more. Tenchi breaks free of the girls and Aeka
looks at Washu.
        "Miss Washu, what are we doing here?" Without missing a beat,
Washu drops a statue on Aeka.
        "That's Little Washu. Anyway, I just perfected my portal machine. I
need three volunteers to test it. I can't go." Everyone immediately steps
back, leaving Mihoshi, who has stopped crying, standing up front. "Well,
that's,one. Who else?" Tenchi mentally weighs being one of Washu's guinea
pigs against Ryoko and Aeka. Knowing he'll probably regret it, he steps
forward.
      "Okay, Tenchi and Mihoshi. Who's last?" Ryoko clings to Tenchi. Aeka,
who as just managed to get free of the statue, fumes.
        "I'm going with Tenchi!" Ryoko says, hanging off of him. Steam
shoots out of Aeka's ears. Washu directs Tenchi, Ryoko, and Mihoshi over to
the portal. She activates it.................

        In the alternate dimension, Galaxy Policewomen Mihoshi, Kiyone, and
Ryoko lead the group over to a portal machine. Washu looks at it.
        "Ooh, what's that?"
        "A prototype portal machine, just finished by HQ." Mihoshi replies,
rolling her eyes. "They want us to test it. Kiyone can work it, so I'm
going, but I need two more to go with me."
        "I'll go, Mihoshi." Ryoko says. She reaches around and tugs the
collar of her uniform, knocking her ponytail over one shoulder. Washu bursts
out in tears.
        "My little baby.......going to another dimension....... You're all
grown up now......." This decides Tenchi. He walks over by Ryoko and comes
as close as possible to her. Ryoko hits him.
        "Look at all the pretty birdies.........." He regains his senses.
"I'll go too." The three go to the portal.
        "Good luck, Ryoko!" Aeka calls. Ryoko makes sure that Tenchi is
within reach of her fist. Kiyone activates it...............

In our dimension, the three vanish. Suddenly, they reappear. Ryoko is
wearing a Galaxy Police uniform. Aeka takes one look at it and faints.
Tenchi looks at all the girls and grins broadly. Ryoko hits him again and he
goes flying. Mihoshi looks around.
        "Ryoko, I believe the portal works." Now Kiyone faints, hearing
sense come from her partner's mouth. Washu walks up first.
        "Okay, who are you?" Now Ryoko faints, for the same reason Kiyone
did. Mihoshi's eyes widen and she replies.
        "Officer Mihoshi, of the Galaxy Police, and greatest scientific
genius in the universe." Now everyone faints but Mihoshi and Tenchi, who is
still unconscious from Ryoko's fist..............

In the alternate dimension, the three vanish. Suddenly, they reappear. Ryoko
is wearing her usual clothes. Mihoshi immediately starts crying.
        "Waah! I wanna go home!" Kiyone faints, yelling before she loses
consciousness.
        "Mihoshi's gone brain-dead!" Ryoko grabs Tenchi.
        "Where are we?" she says. Now Aeka faints. She's dressed exactly
like Ryoko. Tenchi breaks free.
        "No idea." Washu starts crying again.
        "My little girl doesn't know me! Waah!" Ryoko faints. Tenchi looks
at Sasami and Ryo-ohki, who are the only ones standing.
        "Sasami, is that you?" Sasami is wearing a mini-version of Aeka and
Ryoko's outfits. Jur-ohki (Ryo-ohki's counterpart) is by her bondmate, Aeka.
        "Of course it's me! Who else would it be?" Sasami says in a
surprised tone of voice. Tenchi faints. "What's his problem?"
        "Miya."

        In our dimension, Washu comes to. She sits up and sees Mihoshi
examining the portal mechanism.
        "Okay, what are you doing to the portal, Mihoshi!"
        "Merely examining it, Little Washu. It appears to be broken."
        "Wait a minute. What did you say you were?"
        "Officer Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police, and greatest scientific
genius in the universe."
        "No, I am!" Meanwhile, Ryoko comes around, just in time to hear
Washu.
        "Mihoshi, where the hell did that portal take us?"
        "As far as I can see, we are in an alternate timeline. No Jur-ohki.
Washu appears to have an I.Q. off the scales. I borrowed one of her scanning
devices and did a basic memory scan on them. Apparently, 'I' am an idiot,
'you' are a pirate, Aeka is a princess, as is Sasami, Kiyone is still my
partner, Jur-ohki is Ryo-ohki,"
        "Waitaminute. Ryo-ohki?"
        "Yes. She's yours."
        "How'm I going to explain this when we get back?"
        "Make that if. The portal's broken."
        "Whaaat!" Washu runs over and checks it out. Her yell wakes up the
others. Tenchi realizes he is lying next to Aeka.
        "Well hello there, beautiful." Ryoko walks over and knocks him out,
then helps Aeka up.
        "You okay, Aeka?"
        "Are you sure you're Ryoko?" Aeka's eyes bulge. ~First Ryoko's
dressed as a Galaxy Policewoman. Then she KO's Tenchi. Then she helps
me! What in the name of Jurai is going on here?~ she thinks. Ryoko looks
down at her.
        "Yes, I'm Ryoko. Officer Ryoko of the Galaxy Police, that is. And of
a different timeline." Meanwhile, Ryo-ohki flies over to Ryoko. "Jur-ohki?"
she says, startled.
        "That's Ryo-ohki, Ryoko." Sasami sits up and supplies the name. Now
Ryoko's eyes bulge. "Are you okay, Ryoko?"
        "Mihoshi, get that thing working. This is too weird."

        In the other dimension, Jur-ohki wakes Aeka.
        "Myia!"
        "Jur-ohki? What's going on?" Sasami wakes up Kiyone.
        "Thanks, Sasami." The young pirate nods.
        "Don't mention it."
        "See if you can wake them up while I check out the portal." Sasami
walks over and hits Tenchi.
        "Owwwwww! What'd you do that for!" Ryoko immediately wakes up.
        "Who hurt my Tenchi!"
        "I had to wake him up," Sasami shrugs. Ryoko's eyes widen as she
sees Sasami wearing her style clothes.
        "What are you doing dressed like me?"
        "Huh?" Sasami realizes it too. Mihoshi stirs. Ryoko pulls a rope out
of nowhere and ties her up.
        "What are you doing to Mihoshi!" Kiyone yells.
        "Keeping her from wrecking the portal, so we can get out of here."
        "It's broken." Kiyone says succintly as Sasami goes to do the same
to Washu. Ryoko's eyes roll up into her skull and she faints again.
