==========
Disclaimer:  I don't own these characters, so there.  I said it.
Pioneer does, however.

Author's notes:  This story is gonna rock.  I promise.  But first, I
should have a warning.  No, this not a lemon.  Although...Just kidding.
There are two distinct Universes of Tenchi in this story.  There's ours,
and there's the Mirror universe.  Ever watch Star Trek?  There you go.
Although, there will be no references to Star Trek or any of that stuff.
I'm done.

Brian Burke
TenchiiL@hotmail.com

Tenchi Muyo!:  Mirror Image

Prolog
==========

        The Masaki house is not one to be envied.  On the outside, you see a
three story home alone in the woods.  The scene would suggest peace and
quiet.

        However, the inside is a dark reflection of that.  Inside, One Tenchi
Masaki is usually running for his life.  And, it's usually from Ayeka
Jurai, Crown Princess of Jurai's Royal Family.

        However, Tenchi does have help defending himself.  Besides carrying
Jurai's Sword Tenchi wherever he goes, he also can rely on galactic
freedom fighter Ryoko, and her mother, the galaxy renowned greatest
scientific genius, Washu.

        Ayeka also has protection with one of Jurai's most powerful warriors,
Misa Jurai.  Misa has gained the respect of everyone on Jurai for
single-handedly killing Kagato.  With Ryo, her cabbit, she obeys her
father to no end.  If that means destroying enemy colonies or hunting
one down, she'll do it.  And with the three gems imbedded in her body,
she can.

        Her twin sister, Sasami, is training to become a warrior.  Though she
can't summon much of her Jurai power yet, she has been training with a
sword ever since Misa showed up.

        Her hair used to be tied into two long tails, but she changed that.  A
year ago, just before she came to Earth looking for Ayeka, a group of
boys played a trick on her.  They snuck up on her and tied the ends
together, making them look like a heart-shape.  Then, they made jokes on
how cute it looked.  Sasami was laughed at all day for it.

        She told her mother, Misaki, about it.  After hearing this, she told
King Azusa.  After he heard it, that group of boys was never heard of
again.

        That night, after Sasami thought for many hours, she cut her own hair
to shoulder length and has since kept it that way.

        On Earth, Yosho came to here to get away from his family.  He could no
longer stand to live on a planet that conquered so many others.
Disguising himself as an old man, he hid from sight.

        Two people known to the group in the Masaki house, but don't live there
are Galaxy Police officers Mihoshi and Kiyone.  After Mihoshi tried to,
under Jurai's orders, destroy Ryoko she crashed on Earth.  Kiyone was
later sent to pick up the missing officer.

        However, upon hearing about Jurai's Royal Family members Ayeka and
Sasami going to Earth, Mihoshi and Kiyone were reassigned, and never
came back to Earth.

        Noboyuki Masaki, father of Tenchi Masaki, has often used work as an
excuse to avoid bodily injury by his houseguests.  He doesn't want them
there, but once Ayeka came, her ship was destroyed by Ryoko and
Ryo-Ohki.  After realizing she had nowhere to go, she forced the current
occupants into letting her stay.

        With three Juraian girls, a freedom fighter, a pair of cabbits, and the
greatest scientific genius in the galaxy, life is interesting here.

        And dangerous.

-end prolog-