Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I don't.  Don't sue,
because I have nothing but my computer.

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com

	Running through darkness, the lone woman knows not where she is. 
Running still, she sees her husband ahead of her.  Trying to call his
name, she finds she doesn't have the voice to do so.  

	Screaming at the top of her lungs, she only manages a whisper.  The man
being silently addressed walks off into the distance.

	~......!~ she "shouts."  Running at her highest speed, she is yet
unable to catch the man she loves.  Mercifully, he turns to look.  

	~Sasami,~ he says quietly, ~why did you leave me?  Why did you go?~

	Shocked, the blue haired woman wakes up.  Sitting up, she finds the
towel draped unmodestly around her waist.  Looking down, she silently
says his name.

==-==-==
Misa

Part Three

Journey to Jurai
==-==-==

	Two days ago, the woman known as Misa came to the lakefront house in
search of Tenchi.  Although her intentions are clear, to save the
future, her methods are not.  Although her fight is still strong, her
spirit in the matter has started to dwindle.  She has been depressed as
of late.  Noticing this, Tenchi wonders if Misa, as he prefers to call
her, misses her husband, whoever it may be.  

	Walking up to Tenchi on the deck, she tries desperately to keep her
spirits up.  Considering her past, though, it's not easy.  "Tenchi?"
Misa asks calmly.

	"Yes, Misa?  What is it?"

	"As you know, I've been a bit down of late.  It was around this time
that everything fell apart."

	"Why?  What happened?"

	Arriving on the scene, Mihoshi and Kiyone look quite hurried. 
"Tenchi!" Kiyone shouts, grabbing his attention.  "We have a problem!"

	"What is it?" he asks the arriving officers.  

	"Ayeka just sent us a message from Jurai.  They've been captured.  We
gotta go!"

	Walking forward, "no," Misa states.  "You two must stay on Earth and
protect it.  Tenchi and I will handle this situation."

	"Tenchi?" Mihoshi asks, "who is this?  Why does she look so familiar?"

	"This is Misa," he explains.  "I'll fill you in later, though." 
Looking to Misa, "we gotta go to Jurai."

	Misa simply nods in agreement.  "Ryo-Ohki!" she shouts, commanding the
cabbit.  The brown critter leaps into the air, transforming along the
way.  

	"What is Ryo-Ohki doing here?" Kiyone asks.  "Why isn't she with the
others?  What's going on, here!?"

	"Kiyone," Tenchi answers, "it's a long story.  I'll tell you about it
when we get back."  Then, Misa and Tenchi vanish from the surface, only
to reappear aboard Ryo-Ohki.  

	"What is Ryo-Ohki doing here?" Kiyone asks.  "Why isn't she with
Ryoko?  WHAT'S GOING ON?"

==-==-==
	"Misa," Tenchi asks, "what happened?  Why did you tell them to stay?"

	Sighing in a depressed way.  "They...didn't make it in my past.  This
mission was their last."

	"That's awful...what happened?  Who did this?"

	Almost starting to cry, "Kagato.  He did this.  He destroyed everything
I held dear.  Now, I will make him pay.  I will do everything I can to
stop him."

	Tenchi walks over and puts his hands on her shoulders.  "Why don't you
start at the beginning?  Tell me what happened."

	"Alright.  When the four of us approached Jurai, Ayeka notified the
planet.  She wanted more details concerning the emergency.  But, nobody
on Jurai knew what she was talking about.  Apparently, the emergency was
falsified to lure us here.  Suspecting a trap, we turned around to fly
home.  We never made it."

	"Kagato?"

	"That's right.  Kagato.  After a short fight, he captured us.  All I
remember was passing out and awaking in a cell.  Ayeka was my only
company.  Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki were taken elsewhere, as was Washu.  For
two days, we were alone.  I was scared, but Ayeka was worse."

	"I guess.  She was on Soja before, when we went into space the first
time."

	"Yeah.  Obviously, she didn't like being back there.  After a couple
days of just sitting, a pair of guards took Ayeka.  When she returned,
she wouldn't talk about what happened.  She wouldn't talk at all, for
that matter.  I had no idea what they did to her."

	"It must have been pretty bad."

	"I don't know.  She never told me.  But, after she returned, they took
me.  I was brought down a long series of tunnels before they brought me
to a dark room.  I was pushed in and left alone."

==-==-==
	"Princess Sasami," Kagato says, appearing on a screen.  "How nice to
see you again."

	"Kagato?  But, Tenchi beat you!"

	"I am too powerful to be killed with swords, even light swords.  You
are too young to understand."

	"So, what do you want?" the young princess asks.

	"I want to know about the source of the Juraian tree ships.  I want to
know about Tsunami, the Tree of Light."

	"But, I don't know anything about Tsunami."

	"Really?"  Looking puzzled, Kagato looks to Sasami a bit more closely. 
"You know that I am very powerful, don't you, Sasami?  I had a vision
once where you not only knew Tsunami, but you actually BECAME her!"

	"What?  That's impossible!"

	"She saved your life, and in return, you gave her a template so she
could take human form!"

	"But, that never happened!  I have never even seen the Tsunami tree."

	"I see.  Well, will you tell me where to find it?"

	"Never," states Sasami.  "I will never help you."

	"Well, if you don't tell me, I can ask your sister again.  Maybe she
can tell me."

	"Leave her alone!"

	"Then tell me where Tsunami is kept!"

	"No."

	Two guards appear to take Sasami from the room.

	"Don't hurt my sister, or I promise you'll regret it!"  Sasami yells as
she is taken from the room.

	Misa finishes, "on the way back to the cell, you, Mihoshi, and Kiyone
showed up.  We got Ayeka and got out.  Washu joined us, and said that
Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki were under his control."

	"He controlled them?  That's terrible!"

	"On a personal level.  They were like his machines.  It was so
horrible.  When we were leaving, Kagato appeared.  You and Ayeka fought,
but Ryoko was on his side.  Since we were out powered, and there were
innocents in the way, we opted to run.

	"When we got to Yagami, though, everything changed.  We took off from
Soja, but Kagato fired a shot that destroyed the bridge.  We took a
shuttle, but knew that it was the end.  I was so terrified that I didn't
stop crying."

	"What saved you?"

	"Jurai.  After they registered the shot, they sent a small fleet into
space.  They kept Kagato back and flew us home.  I swore that day that
I'd make him pay.  Two days later, it got worse.  Tsunami disappeared."

==-==-==
	"What happened?" a groggy Ryoko asks.  Looking around, she sees a
Washu-style lab.  <We were about to land, when something hit us.  That
was the last thing I remember.>  

	Her eyes still wandering, she sees Ryo-Ohki in a cage.  <Ryo-Ohki!> she
shouts in her mind.  <Wake up!>  Nothing happens.  <Damn.  She's out
cold.>

	"Well, well," a sinister voice says.  "You're awake."

	"Kagato," Ryoko says.  "What do you want?"

	"Have you forgotten?  Have you forgotten that I am in control here?"

	"No," she sighs, "I haven't."

	Kagato slaps her.  "You had better not."  Turning, he walks out.

	Ryoko can't help but recall what that monster made her do.  700 years
ago, Kagato made her attack Jurai.  She was sent to retrieve Tsunami,
but never made it out.  After a week of fighting, Ryoko was imprisoned. 
With the death of Kagato, Yosho left Jurai.  

	Since Ryoko was under Kagato's control, her sentence was reduced. 
However, because of her past crimes all over the galaxy, Jurai had no
choice but to keep her in prison for the 700 years.

	Escaping after only a year, Ryoko felt an urge to travel.  Her
instincts, and a certain GP cruiser, led her to a remote planet called
Earth...

==-==-==
	Ayeka and Sasami, in their own cell, are wondering what happened as
well.  The only light is from a barred window on the door.  "Ayeka,"
Sasami asks, "what's going on?  Where are we?"

	"I've been here before.  This is Soja, Kagato's ship."

	"But, didn't Tenchi beat him?"

	"Yosho defeated him.  Yet, he came back after that fight.  But, do not
worry, Sasami.  I sent a message to Tenchi.  He'll get us out." 
Yawning, "but, we should get some rest.  It's been a long day."

	"Yeah.  I guess it is kinda late."  Lying on her back, <Tenchi, please
hurry.>  Falling asleep, she hopes to awake elsewhere.

==-==-==
	On board Ryo-Ohki, the ship has produced two beds for her crew.  Tenchi
is too worried to sleep.  He knows what has happened in Misa's past. 
But, with that knowledge, he hopes to avert the tragedies.  Misa is
likewise suffering from insomnia.  Although she is confident that her
plan will work, she can't relieve herself of a feeling of foreboding.  A
feeling that something she has or will do will do more harm than good.  

	"Misa," Tenchi asks, "after this is over, will you be leaving?"

	"Yes.  I will.  This is not my time.  I need to go home.  My life is
there."  Looking to him, "Tenchi, I have a question that has been
bothering me for years.  If you were to choose right now, who would it
be?"

	"You want the meaning of life, too?" he says sarcastically. 
"Seriously, though, it really boils down to Ayeka and Ryoko.  Ayeka is
gentle, and less aggressive, but is way too far into her duties as a
princess.  Ryoko is carefree, but always gets us into trouble.  But,
they're both too possessive.  That's where the problem lies.  I don't
want to be fought over like some prize."

	"I guess you'll just have to wait."

	"I guess so," he replies.  

	"Don't worry, Tenchi.  You'll find out one of these days."  

==-==-==
	She can't believe the scene ahead of her.  As much as she wants to help
her hurt friend, she is pulled farther and farther away from him.

	~RUN!~  A voice shouts.  Looking in the direction, she sees a woman
fighting Kagato.  ~RUN!~  

	Farther and farther she is pulled, trying desperately to help.  Her
arms outstretched, she is far from touching her friend in need.  

	Awaking with a horrified look to her, Sasami feels a pair of comforting
hands on her.  

	"Are you alright, Sasami?" Ayeka asks in a concerned tone.  

	"Tenchi will be here," Sasami says, smiling a bit.  The smile that says
'I'm hiding something.'  "So, what do we do now?" she asks, changing the
subject.

	"Well, all we can do is wait for Tenchi to show up.  Until then, we
just have to wait."

	"It's getting to be a bore," Sasami continues.  "Back home, I never sit
down this long.  I'm always running through the house cooking.  Not that
I mind a break, but there's nothing to do, now."

	"I'm sorry, Sasami.  I guess I can't help you with that one." 
Suddenly, the door swings open, and two guards appear.  One holds the
door, as the other hoists Ayeka up by the arm.  

	"Leave her alone!" Sasami shouts, grabbing onto the guard's arm. 
Annoyed, the guard uses the arm to send Sasami to the floor.    "Ayeka!"
she screams, reaching for her sister.

	"Sasami!" she yells as the door is slammed shut.  The guards proceed to
lead her out into the hall.  She is brought down a long, twisting
passage which ends in a door.  Ayeka is pushed in, and left alone in the
dark room.  A single light shines above.

	"Princess Ayeka," Kagato greets from the viewscreen.  "How nice to see
you again!"  

	"Kagato.  So, it is you.  I thought we'd seen the last of you."

	"That's not very nice, but sometimes you can say such things.  But, I
didn't bring you here to trade insults.  I need you to give me
information.  I want you to tell me about the source of the Juraian tree
ships, the Tree of Light, Tsunami."

	Ayeka simply crosses her arms and turns her head.  "Why should I give
you such information?"

	"Because if you don't, I'm sure your sister will."

	Looking to him again, "you wouldn't..."

	"Really?"

	"Well, anyways, I don't think she knows anything about Tsunami."

	"Well, I'll just have to get it from you, then," he finishes.  Kagato
pushes a button and a cable drops from the ceiling, wrapping around her
waist.

	"Let me go!" she orders.

	"Well, if you don't tell me willingly, I'll just have to use force." 
More cables sprout from the room to ensnare her wrists and ankles.  "I
could've saved you this, Ayeka," he says.  

==-==-==
	Aboard Ryo-Ohki, Misa is worried.  "No!  It's almost time!" Misa
screams.  "Ryo-Ohki!  Are you ready?"

	"Meow!" she responds, pointing her cannon at Soja.  Still at full
throttle, she energizes it, but holds the charge.  

	Inside, Misa is giving Ryo-Ohki an order.  "All fired up?"

	Giving a sadistic grin on one of her crystals,  "Meow!  Meow!"

	Smiling, Misa crosses her arms in front of her.  Her usual kimono
becomes translucent and disappears.  Simultaneously, Juraian battle
armor covers her body.  Also, her disguise from days ago is reactivated.

	Tenchi, not knowing what to do, just looks in terror as Misa produces
the same grin as Ryo-Ohki.  Not a moment later, Ryo-Ohki punches through
the hull, her cannon ripping through every deck.

	"Strike!" Misa shouts.  As Ryo-Ohki plows through the vast number of
decks, Misa looks to Tenchi.  "Are you ready, Tenchi?"

	Tenchi energizes his blade as a response.  

	Ryo-Ohki stops, and tosses the pair at Ayeka, who quickly cut down the
woman.  

	"Thank you, Tenchi," she thanks.

	"Who are you?" Kagato asks from the screen.

	Turning, "you're worst nightmare," she replies, cutting the screen in
half lengthwise.  Looking to her sister, "I'm Misa.  I came to rescue
you and everyone else."

	"I don't know where Ryoko or Washu are, but I know where Sasami is. 
Let's go."

	As the trio run out of the room, Misa can't help but smile at the irony
of Ayeka's words.  

	Ryo-Ohki shrinks to her cabbit form and quickly follows, jumping to
Misa's shoulder.

==-==-==
	Meeting Washu in the hall, "I thought you were Kagato's prisoner!"
Ayeka shouts.

	"Nice to see you too, Ayeka," Washu replies.  "Do you really think that
bonehead Kagato can keep me prisoner?"

	Arriving back at the cell, Ayeka sees that Sasami is kneeling on the
floor, upset.  

	"Stand back, Ayeka," Tenchi commands.  Sword drawn, he slashes the door
down the middle and kicks it in.  

	"Ayeka!" shouts the little princess.  Running to her, "I'm so glad
you're alright."  Finally, "thank you, Tenchi, for coming to our aid." 
Looking to the new person, her eyes widen.  <It's her!  The woman from
my dream!>  

	"So, you've escaped," Kagato mocks, walking in from the hall.  "But,
you must know you'll never see Jurai again."

	Stepping forward, "not if I can help it!" Tenchi states.  "I beat you
once.  I'll do it again."

	"Really?  Ryoko?"  At his command, Ryoko appears, posed like some
marionette.  "I'll let Ryoko keep you busy," he says.  "I have more
important things to do."  

	Tenchi runs after him, but is intercepted by Ryoko, in a blank state. 
"Ryoko!  Wake up!"

	Irritated, Misa runs after Kagato herself.  "KAGATO!" she shouts,
stabbing her sword into the door he was about to use, "where do you
think you're going?"

	"Who are you?" he asks.  Creating his sword, "but that doesn't matter. 
If you want a fight, I'll give you one."  Swinging, his sword is met by
Misa's.

	Ryoko and Tenchi also fight, but Tenchi is reluctant to strike her. 
"Wake up, Ryoko!"  As he blocks her strikes, he knows of one thing that
he must do.  "Misa!" he shouts, turning the fight towards her.  

	Catching on to the plan, Misa lures Kagato around, and switches
partners with Tenchi as she picks up the fight with Ryoko, and he with
Kagato.  

	"I beat you once, Kagato," Tenchi says soundly.  "I will again!" 
Stabbing him with his sword, he proves his point as Kagato vanishes from
existence.  But, his moment of triumph is shattered as a hand is wrapped
around his throat.

	"Poor boy.  You have so much to learn.  You will never win against
shadows.  Maybe in the next life you'll know better," he says quietly,
before slamming him into the archway, the floor, and finally throwing
his body down the corridor.  

	"NOOOO!!" Misa screeches.  

	Ryoko comes out of her trance to see Tenchi's motionless body lying in
the hall.  "MURDERER!" she shouts, charging.  

	However, she is stopped as he uses his Jurai power to push her back. 
"None of you can stop me," he says, increasing the force.  

	Looking to the group of non-fighters, "we have to get out of here,
now!" Misa shouts.

	"But, we can't leave Tenchi-" Ayeka protests.

	Straining behind the shield, "NOW!  There's nothing we can do for
him."  

	"She's right," Ryoko adds, likewise stressed.  "Tenchi's gone.  And,
there's too many people at risk.  Ryo-Ohki!" she shouts over the noise. 
Obeying the silent command, her cabbit starts to change shape and grow
in the hallway.  

	Stepping back, Misa holds her shield, despite the force thrown at it. 
"Everyone in!"  Seeing everyone pile in, Misa and Ryoko double their
efforts, sending Kagato back himself.   Using the distraction, the two
fighters pile into the ship.  Upon doing so, Ryo-Ohki sends a shot
straight down, ripping a tunnel to open space.

	Quickly, the cabbit-ship drops down, successfully escaping Soja. 
"Meow!" she screams, heading full throttle away from Jurai.  

==-==-==
	At the final checkpoint in Jurai's space, Ryo-Ohki has stopped.  
	"Listen everyone," Misa starts.  "I'm going back.  I have to face
Kagato."

	"I'll go with you," Ryoko offers.  

	"No.  You have to keep everyone safe.  If you stay here, nobody will
get hurt."

	"You're going alone?" Ayeka asks.

	"Yes.  I have to do this."

	"Who are you?" Sasami asks.

	"A friend," she responds.  "I'll tell you everything later."  Looking
to Ryoko, "If I'm not back in two hours, go to Earth as fast as you
can."

	"Good luck, kid," she responds.  

	Ryo-Ohki transports the other cabbit into open space, where she
immediately transforms.  "Meow..."  

	Smiling, "I'll be back," Misa says, disappearing.  On board her own
ship, "let's go!" she shouts.  Ryo-Ohki flies back towards Jurai,
reluctantly bringing her pilot towards her greatest battle.

	"Now, Kagato," she says coldly, "I will kill you.  For what you've
done, I WILL KILL YOU!!!" 


--End Three--