Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm just using them for a
time.  

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com

	Appearing from nothing, the lone woman looks down to the beaten form. 
Bending down, "such a tragedy," she says softly.  "You were taken far
too early."

	Picking him up, "come, my friend.  Let us depart.  You have still have
much to do."  Wings of light unfold from her back, and fold around
them.  Glowing brightly, they signify the departure of the two.

==-==-==
Misa

Part Four  

Misa Unleashed!
==-==-==

	As the lone ship flies furiously, the ship itself is almost in fear of
her pilot.  Standing at the controls, the woman looks to the planet
ahead.  Dressed in Juraian battle gear, she prepares to start a one
woman war.  

	"I swear I will kill you," she mutters.  For the person known to this
time as Misa, nothing is more terrifying than herself at the moment.  

	As the ship enters the atmosphere, Misa holds her sword ahead of her. 
"This is for you, Tenchi.  I will avenge you."  Overhead the palace,
Ryo-Ohki spins slightly as she stops.  

	"Ryo-Ohki..." Misa stammers, grabbing the main control crystal.  "Thank
you for everything."

	"Meow..." she says solemnly, looking at her lone passenger from the
crystal.  

	"I hope to see you again," she concludes, giving the crystal a quick
kiss on the "forehead." 

	"Meow," she blushes.  

	Stepping back, "wish me luck!" she requests, holding her key to her
chest.  A moment later, she disappears from view as Ryo-Ohki sends her
to the desired location.

==-==-==
	Kagato, obviously upset over losing his captives, walks through the
halls in search of his new objective.  What he finds instead are two
combat ready Juraian knights.  

	"Kagato," Azaka addresses, "I thought we'd seen the last of you."

	"You won't get past us," Kamidake adds.

	"Oh, my.  Should I be scared?"  Calling his sword, he sends a shockwave
at the pair.  

	Although shaken and pushed, the pair are no less affected.  "You'll
have to do better than that, Kagato," Kamidake states.

	Concentrating, Kagato focuses his Jurai power, cracking the very floor
his advesaries stand on.  Seeing them off balance, the once emperor
sends the pair of warriors halfway down the hall, where they fall
unconscious from the power that hit them.

	"Don't mess with me, children," he says mockingly.  Walking on, he sees
two giant doors.  "This looks promising," he smiles.

	Opening the doors, he sees hundreds, if not thousands of trees, each on
a separate platform.  The room is simply gigantic, meant to hold an
entire fleet of tree ships.  The ceiling of said room is high enough to
be clouded by shadow.  The floor is likewise unseeable.  

	"You damn butcher," a familiar voice says.

	Looking ahead, his eyes meet the girl she saw only recently.  "You
again?" he asks the woman.  "Who are you?"

	With her sword ready, Misa drops her disguise, but otherwise is
motionless.  "I am Sasami Jurai.  I came from the future to stop you."

	"Well, if it's so important to you," he says, smiling, "let's see you
try!"

	Charging, "gladly!"

==-==-==
	As he awakes, Tenchi notices his surroundings are very different. 
"Where am I?" he asks groggily.  In the immediate area, he can see very
little, due to the limited light.

	"You are alright now," a soft voice speaks.  

	Looking to the source of the voice, "Misa?  Is that you?"

	"No.  I am not Misa.  I am Tsunami.  Do you remember what happened?"

	"Yeah, I was fighting Kagato, when..." he trails off, as he can't
recall the rest.  "I don't know what happened after that."

	"Do not worry.  It isn't important right now."

	"Kagato.  He's still after the tree...Tsunami..." he says, trailing
off.  "Are you the one he's looking for?"

	"Yes.  The tree he is looking for is one of my many forms."

	"I have to stop him.  Can you send me back?"

	"I can, but you are not ready."  Gliding across the water between them,
she moves next to him.  "Be careful.  Kagato is very dangerous."

	"I have the sword," he says, holding it up.  "That has to be enough."

	Touching his forehead with her fingers, she makes the symbol of the
Light Hawk Wings glow.  "The sword is useful, but not powerful enough. 
You have a power that you haven't used yet.  And, only that can destroy
Kagato."

	"A power?  Washu was saying something about that, months ago."

	"Do not worry.  You will know when the time comes.  Good luck."  The
room fades, and Tenchi is returned to reality.

==-==-==
	For the past hour, Misa has been fighting constantly with Kagato. 
Although she's good, she cannot stop Kagato's advance.  "You will not
get Tsunami."

	Stabbing with his sword, "If only you had given up.  You could've been
spared all this pain."

	Blocking the attack, "I will never give up.  I will make you pay for
what you've done."

	"You mean in the future?"

	"That's right.  You destroyed everything.  I will not forgive you for
that."  Slashing with her sword, it is blocked just as quickly.  With a
quick move, Kagato disarms her, sending the sword across the room.

	"You lose," he states, sending her a blast of Jurai power.  The result
sends Misa back, slamming her into Tsunami.  "Now, Tsunami, you are
mine."

	Misa looks up, ready to accept defeat.  Any moment now, it will all be
over.  She knows she's lost.  She couldn't defeat Kagato.  In her mad
quest for vengence, she has gained little, but lost much.  As she looks
to the vibrant greens of Tsunami, she sees how lively they are compared
to the grays of her world.  "NOOOOO!!" she shouts in defiance, standing
once more.  "I will not accept defeat!"  

	"So, you're not giving up?  That's good.  I hate quitters."

	"Oh, I'm not quitting.  Not by a longshot."  Crossing her arms ahead of
her, she starts to levitate off the floor.  "I haven't given up.  I
swore I'd kill you."  Three pairs of wings of light sprout from her
back, and a seventh drapes behind her.  The wings fold over her body,
and flash briefly.  When the light fades, her body is covered by a blue
bodysuit, with metal plates on her chest, hips, and arms.  Taking the
seventh light construct, it forms a sword, with curved wings for a
hilt.  

	"Impressive.  Only a Juraian ship can produce Light Hawk Wings.  How
are you able to use them?"

	"That's my secret."  Charging, her fight is renewed.  Swinging, her
attack is met by Kagato's own blade.  "Why don't you just die?!"

	"I have so much to gain, though."

==-==-==
	Appearing nearby, Tenchi can hear the sword clashing ever so clearly. 
Energizing his sword, he runs to help.  Seeing the combatants, he
charges "KAGATO!"  

	Blocking a strike from Misa, Kagato sees Tenchi running towards him as
well.  Grabbing the planted Tenchi-ken, he uses it to fend off Tenchi's
like sword.  "This is unfair," he says, fighting both of them.  Using
yet more of his power, he sends both of them back once again.  "This is
getting old," he sighs.  With both fighters ahead of him, he sends a
pair of lethal blasts at them.  

	Misa blocks her incoming with her sword, but is unable to defend
Tenchi.  The impact kicks up a cloud of smoke.  <TENCHI!  NO!  Not
again...>

	"You're finished boy.  Stay dead this time."  

	"Not yet, you monster," he says coldly.  The smoke clears, and three
Light Hawk Wings float in front of him, waiting for his command.

	"Tenchi?" Misa wonders.  <This is new!  I thought I knew everything
about him!>

	Two of the wings flow over him, changing his battle armor into a Light
Hawk outfit.  Taking the third wing, it transforms into a glowing
sword.  "Now, let's finish this, Misa."

	Nodding, "yes.  Let's do it."

	Charging, "you will never beat me!" Kagato screams.  

	Returning the favor, Misa and Tenchi silently run towards him.  As they
run, their swords hang on opposite sides.  

	As the fighters collide, Tenchi cuts high, his sword ripping through
Kagato's with ease.  Misa cuts low, further shortening Kagato's blade. 
Her cut across his stomach leaves a considerable trail of blood from the
wound.  Tenchi's cut strikes his chest, cutting into Kagato's black
heart.  As the Light Hawk wielders pass, they don't even look back as
they listen to Kagato's dying breath.  Shortly afterward, his body
disintegrates.

	"It's over," Tenchi says, releasing the Light Hawk Wings.  

	Misa likewise releases her wings, and looks at Tenchi almost
fearfully.  Never has she witnessed such power in him.  She wonders if
this is all he has been hiding for so many years.

	"Let's go, Misa.  We're finished here," Tenchi says softly.  

	Nodding slightly, she agrees.  "Let's go home."


--End Four--