Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
Coketoah@aol.com
=-=-=-=-=
Sasami:  Here's something different.  You don't see us playing sports much,
but that doesn't mean we DON'T play.

Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm just having fun!

=-=-=-=-=
Misa:  The Game

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

        On an unusually warm fall day, everyone is gathered in the yard for an
interesting event.  In the said area is a regulation size basketball court.

        The members of the Masaki household are split into two 5-member teams, each
person wearing a standard gym outfit.  The Jurais, in the red, (with Ayeka,
Ryoko, Misa, Sasami, and Mihoshi) and the Masakis, in the blue (with Tenchi,
Noboyuki, Yosho, Washu, and Kiyone).

        Riko, Ryo, and Ryo-Ohki are on the sidelines watching.

        Misa, being she knows the most about the game, is the captain of her team.
Huddled with the rest, "does everybody know what to do?"

        "No problem," Ryoko responds.

        "Likewise," Ayeka adds.

        "I got it," Sasami says.

        Everyone looks at Mihoshi.

        "What?  I got it!"

=-=-=-=-=
        On the other end of the court, Tenchi leads their team.  "It should be easy
enough," looks at his dad, "if everyone keeps there mind on the game."

        "What?  You think I'd-"

        Tenchi and Yosho nod.

        "This will be a cinch!" Washu shouts.

        "Yeah," Kiyone adds, "if they got Mihoshi, we got this game in the bag."

        Breaking up, the two teams meet in the middle.  Ryo and Ryo-Ohki waddle out
with a ball between them.  Sitting in between Misa and Tenchi, "meow?" Ryo-
Ohki asks.

        "Meow!" Ryo responds, as the pair throw the ball into the air.  Upon doing
so, they scurry back to Riko to ref the game.  Ryo even pulls out a whistle.

        Jumping into the air, "just remember," Misa says, "no powers!"

        "What?" Tenchi says.

        Tip.

        Ryoko catches the ball and dribbles it down the court.  Seeing Yosho ahead,
she passes it to Sasami, who continues to the hoop.  Seeing Washu drop down,
she passes it to Ayeka.  Ayeka, being near the rim, shoots it, but watches it
bounce off.

        Tenchi takes it and starts near the basket.  Tossing it to Kiyone, she
immediately passes to Yosho,  He then takes it and dribbles to the three point
line.  Stopping only for a second, he shoots, and scores!

        Sasami takes the ball and passes to Mihoshi.  She in turn just stands there.
"Now what?"

        "Toss it!" Misa shouts.

        "Okay."  She tosses it to Kiyone, who takes it to the net.  Two points.

        "Thanks, Mihoshi!" Kiyone says.

        Misa walks up to her teammate.  "Next time, pass it to someone on OUR side."

        "Oh.  You just said to toss it.  So, I did."

        Misa just grumbles and walks away.

        Ayeka takes the ball and passes to Ryoko.  Dribbling down the court, she is
stopped by Tenchi.  "I'd love to give this to you."

        "You would?"

        "Sure."  She side-passes it to Sasami, who is passing.

        Heading down the court, she sees Yosho ahead of her.  Considering the
options, she slides between his legs and continues.  Noboyuki ahead of her,
she tosses it to Misa.  She takes it and tosses it in for three points.

        Yosho walks up to Sasami, "was that legal?"

        Smiling, "I dunno.  But it worked."

        Yosho takes the ball and passes it to Tenchi.  He takes it and sees Ryoko
ahead.  Stopping, "I'd love to give this to you.  But-"  He side-passes it,
but is caught by Ryoko.

        "That's my trick."  She then tosses it to Mihoshi.  "Get it right this time!"

        Mihoshi catches it and tosses it to Ayeka.  "About time you caught on," she
says, dribbling down the court.  Tossing it up, she succeeds in scoring two
more points.

        "Great job, sis!" Sasami yells.

        Noboyuki takes it and tosses it to Washu.  Washu makes it down a ways, but
runs into Sasami.  "Neat trick you pulled.  Guess I can't do the same to you."
She then passes it to Kiyone, who takes it to the hoop.  Two points.

        Mihoshi starts and passes it to Ryoko, who passes instantly to Misa.  Misa
takes it down the court, only to have it stolen by Tenchi.  "Hey!" she yells.

        "Thanks, Misa!" he yells back.  Taking it down the court, he passes to
Noboyuki, who passes to Washu.  Despite her height, she still manages to put
in for two more points.

        Misa and her group call a timeout and huddle.  "We're not doing too badly.
But I do see creativity in our plays.  Like yours, Sasami."

        "So, what do we do?" Ryoko asks.  "At this rate-"

        "We're doing great.  We just need to push a little harder."  <I figured on
someone using powers by now.>

        <That would be cheating,> Ryo says.  <We may bend the rules, but we're all
friends here, Misa.  And friends don't cheat.>

        <You're right.>  "Ready?"

        "Break!" the others respond.

        "How much time do we have?" Ayeka asks.

        Ryo-Ohki looks at her pocket watch.  <Two minutes.>

        "Two minutes.  Plenty of time."

        Misa takes the ball and passes it to Sasami, who takes it down the court.
Seeing Yosho ahead, he's bending down to account for Sasami's new tactic.
However, she approaches and leap-frogs her "grandfather."

        "You're just full of surprises."

        Sasami tosses the ball to Ryoko, who puts it in for three points.

        <30 seconds,> Ryo-Ohki says.

        "One more play," Ryoko says.  "And we're only one point behind.  Just
remember to get the ball quickly."

        Washu takes the ball and tosses it to Kiyone.  She takes it and tosses it to
Tenchi.  However, it is then stolen by Misa.  "Got you back!"  She then takes
it and tosses to Ryoko, who tosses it at the whistle.  The ball floats up and
goes straight in for three final points.

Jurais:  11
Masakis: 9

        As everyone is relaxing on the sidelines, Misa looks to her team.  "Great
job, girls."

        "That was fun," Sasami says, "we should keep this court where it is!"

        "Yes," Ayeka says.  Looking to Mihoshi, "some of us need practice."

        "As if that first shot you made was the greatest," Ryoko mocks.  "Even
Mihoshi could have made that!"

        "Don't start, you two," Tenchi says.  "We came out here to have fun.  Not
blow each other up."

        Ryoko looks over to Tenchi, "maybe next time we'll play together."

        "Ryoko!" Ayeka shouts.

        "Both of you!  Stop!" MIsa shouts.  "Really, you sound like children.  No
offense, Sasami."

        "They never learn," Washu states.  Sighing, "oh, well."

=-=-=-=-=
        Although unseen to the group, a lone figure watches the teams.  "Soon.  Very
soon, Tenchi."

-end?-

This is the end of the Misa story, but in no way the end of HER story.  She'll
be in plenty of stories later.  Watch out for my friend's fic, and learn who
the mysterious character is!

V!
