Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
==========
Mirror Misa:  Who says I can't right a good story?  And if you say
otherwise, you'll wish you hadn't.  Oh, well.  On with the story.

Disclaimer:  I don't own these characters.  Pioneer does.  I'm just
playing around with them a bit.  Don't sue me because I don't have
anything to give you.  Instead, enjoy the show.

Mirror Image

Misa

Part two

A look to the future...

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

        Tenchi, red faced, cannot believe that this is happening to him.  Only
a couple of hours ago, he saw Sasami leave for her home planet of Jurai.
Now, he sees Sasami, 10 years older, walking toward him, and she isn't
wearing a single stitch.  He is both fearful and excited at the same
time.

        "Tenchi, I know you've wanted this for a long time."

        "You're kidding, right?  I never thought about it."

        Bending to look at him in the eyes, "well, I did.  But, I was too
young."

        "Misa, I don't think this is such a good idea."

        "Why?  Don't you like what you see?"

        "No, it's not that.  It's that you were such a pain sometimes."

        "Pain?  Maybe I can ease some of that pain..."

        After an hour or so of wish fulfillment, (for Misa, anyway) the two are
resting on the bed.  "Misa," Tenchi asks, "what happened in the future?
What was so terrible that you had to come to the past permanently?"

        "I'll show you."  She puts her forehead to his, and reality warps from
Tenchi's bedroom to the outside.  It's now nighttime.  "A trick I
learned from Mirei.  I met her again on the way back from Jurai this
month.  Look up there!"  She points to the moon, or what's in front of
it.

        Tenchi looks to where she is pointing. "Soja.  This means that
Kagato..."  A loud explosion is heard in the distance.  He looks to the
direction of where the sound came from, and sees his house is nearly
destroyed.

        The native Sasami is seen dropping to her knees.  "Ayeka and Ryoko were
in there!"

        The native Tenchi starts to run for the house, but is stopped by Washu,
who only shakes her head.

        The Tenchi of the future can't believe any of this.  <Ryoko...gone?>

        "Not long from now, Ryoko will work for Kagato again.  He sent her down
to capture Ayeka.  However, Ryoko didn't know of what Kagato was really
planning.  While Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting..."

        "Why?  Why did he want to kill Ryoko?  Or even Ayeka?  Actually, I can
understand the part about Ayeka."

        "Because, Kagato was trying to kill the whole lot of us."

        "Now, that makes sense."

        "When Ryoko first appeared, though, everyone ran outside.  That's when
it happened."

        "Except for Ayeka.  Why?"

        "Ryoko came to get Ayeka.  When we tried to help her, Ryoko turned on
us.  Ayeka fought Ryoko while we left.  I was in a deep depression for
weeks," comments Misa.  "Nobody could cheer me up, not even Ryo-Ohki.
She tried, but to no avail."

        "This was all just for revenge," Tenchi comments.  "I suppose Ryo-Ohki
was as devastated as you were."

        "Yes.  After Ryoko died, Ryo-Ohki was heart-broken.  Since I am her
best friend besides Ryoko, she made a new link with me.  Now, I am
connected to her just as strongly as Ryoko was."  Showing her wrist to
Tenchi, "and I now have the gems inmbedded in my body."

        "So, you're more powerful than she is, now.  My life is going downhill
fast."

        Continuing, "It took a month, but Washu was able to access her lab and
time machine."  The scene changes to the steps of the shrine.  Sasami is
sitting on the top step, looking into the distance, thoughtlessly.
Ryo-Ohki is sitting next to her, and Tenchi is sitting at the bottom.
Suddenly, Washu shows up.

        "Let's go you two!"

        Ryo-Ohki gives off an objective "Miya!"

        "Sorry, three."

        "Go where, Washu?"  asks Tenchi.

        "To the past of course.  We can fix all this."

        Sasami, Washu, and Tenchi walk to the house, while Ryo-Ohki rides on
Sasami's head.  The future Sasami and Tenchi meet them at the lab door.

        "So, Misa, we were sent to the past?"

        "Not all of us..."

        "Listen, people.  There's only enough power to send one of you, plus
Ryo-Ohki into the past,"  explains Washu.

        "Then I'll go," volunteers Sasami.

        "Miya!" shouts Ryo-Ohki.

        "Tenchi, give me your sword," Misa commands.

        "What?"

        "You're not going to need it, are you?"

        "Well, no."

        "Then, give it to me.  Or do I have to get it myself?"

        Reluctantly, Tenchi hands her the hilt.

        Tenchi looks at Misa, "so, you can use a sword, now?"

        "Yes, I can.  Every two months, I went to Jurai to learn more.  That'll
start in about three months for Sasami."

        As Sasami of the past starts to go round and round in Washu's time
machine, the lab is rocked by an explosion.

        "Remember, Sasami.  Tell Tenchi what has happened, but only Tenchi.
It's time to accelerate!"

        "I hate this part!"  Sasami screams.

        "Miyyaa!!"  screams Ryo-Ohki.

        The lab shakes from another explosion.

        "Washu!  What's going on?"  Tenchi yells.

        "The time machine's destabalizing the power core!" she responds.

        A loud and fading "Miyya!"  is the last thing anyone hears before the
lab explodes.  The scene changes to a beach.  "I'm glad Ryo-Ohki came
along at this point,"  Misa narrates.

        "Well, that was fun.  Ryo-Ohki?"

        "Miya!" the cabbit agrees.  Ryo-Ohki immediately transforms into her
cruiser form.  She then brings Sasami up to the bridge.

        "Let's go home, Ryo-Ohki."  Sasami says.

        "So, your destination could have been anywhere?"  Tenchi asks.

        "Yeah, but my Jurai power kept it as close as possible,"  she says.

        "I didn't think that it was that powerful."

        "Normally, it isn't.  But for me, it is."

        "Why is that?"

        Reality warps back to the bedroom.  "You don't know.  But soon enough,
you will."  Rolling on to her back, "now that I'm this far into the
past, I can change a lot more than I originally thought."  With that,
she falls asleep, with Ryo-Ohki on her stomach.

        Looking at the sleeping girl, <she seems so different from the Sasami I
know.  Then again, she has had a rough life recently.  Still, there's so
much she's hiding.>

End Part Two!