Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I'm simply writing a story.
Don't sue!

Riko, however, is mine.

There is an important Author's Note at the end that I wish everyone to read.

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

        Arriving in the woods, the lone girl walks forward, a smile adorning
her
face.  As she realizes what she has gained, she walks happily towards her
future.

        For her and her lone furry companion, the past they have no longer
exists.
Walking forward, she begins her new life.

==-==-==

Misa

Part Six

The Future

==-==-==

        Emerging from the shadows of the forest path, a faint light covers
her
body, and disappears just as quickly as it came, changing her body to reveal
her original form.  Sasami looks to the house that has long been her home.

        The said house looks very different from the last time she was here.
Although the structure is the same, she remembers that much of it was
destroyed.  In fact, much of what she sees was similarly different.  The
trees that were once dead are now green and thriving.  Considering this,
Sasami smiles a bit.  "Let's go home," she says.

        "Meow!" Ryo-Ohki agrees.

        Walking in, she finds nobody about.  Curiously, she wonders where
everyone
is.  "This is odd...  Nobody's home."  Walking into the house, "Tenchi?" she
calls.

        Appearing from the landing, "Sasami!  You came back!"  Walking down
the
stairs, "I thought I'd never see you again."

        "Of course I came back.  Why wouldn't I?"  Walking closer to him,
"I've
missed you, Tenchi," she says softly.

        "After such a long time, I guess you have a lot to talk about," he
says,
blushing a bit.

        "We can talk later.  But first, I have a question for you."

        "What's that?"

        "Where's Riko?" Sasami asks.

        "Riko?" Tenchi answers, confused.

        "Yes, Riko.  I want to hold her after such a long time."

        "Sasami?  Who's Riko?" Tenchi asks.

        Struck by this comment, "what do you mean?  Riko is...  You don't
know?"

        ~Misa, be careful.  Your future will be drastically different.~

        <Washu said that before I left.  That means that Riko...>  Standing
motionless, "Riko," she says softly.  "Everything's different..."

        "Sasami?  What's going on?" Tenchi asks concernedly.

        Walking to the door underneath the stairs, "maybe Washu can do
something
about this."

        "But, Sasami, Washu is-"

        Opening the door, she finds nothing but used closet space.  "What's
going
on?  Where's the lab?"

        "Sasami," Tenchi says, obviously concerned, "Washu left a long time
ago."

        "What?  Why?  Where is everyone?  What about Mihoshi and Kiyone?"

        "Don't you remember?  You all left years ago.  And, it was all my
fault."

        "What?"  Calming herself, "why don't you start at the beginning.
Tell me
why everyone left."

        Sitting on the couch, Sasami soon follows.  "Well, if you don't
remember, I
can tell you.  Seven years ago, you all decided to leave.  Mihoshi and
Kiyone were re-assigned, after the Galaxy Police realized they were wasting
their time with Earth.  Because of my Light Hawk Powers, Earth is in no
danger."

        "What about Ayeka?  Why did she leave?"

        "You should know that."

        "Just humor me.  Pretend I don't remember the past ten years."

        A bit dumbfounded, "okay.  If you say so.  Well, Ayeka decided to
leave
when she realized that I couldn't make a choice.  And when she left, she
took you with her.  A year later, she married Seiryo."

        "WHAT?  She married that fop?  I can't believe that!"

        "It's the truth.  Azusa arranged the marriage.  Since she no longer
had
feelings for me, she didn't put up a fight.  And, when you came of age, you
married as well."

        "Really?  To who?"

        "Well, Seiryo took a second wife."

        Sasami is a bit horrified at the thought.  <This is really starting
to get
to me.>  "What about Ryoko?  She loved you more than anyone.  Did she leave
too?"

        "Yeah, she did.  I miss her.  When she left, Washu went with her.  I
was
finally alone.  I didn't want to see them go, but I didn't have much of a
choice anymore.  But, now that you're here, maybe we can be together for
awhile."

        Standing, "I'd like that, Tenchi.  But, I want to know what's going
on,
first."

        "You're leaving again?" he says, almost fearful.  "Please, don't
leave me
here alone."

        Smiling, "don't worry.  I'll be back soon.  I just want to go to
Jurai and
find out what's happening there."  Walking out, "I'll be back soon, Tenchi."

        "I'll be waiting.  It has been nice talking to you again, Sasami."

        Smiling at him in response, "Ryo-Ohki!" she shouts, sending a
command to
the critter.  In response, the cabbit leaps into the air, transforming into
her crystalline starship form.

        "What is Ryo-Ohki doing here?" Tenchi asks.  "Why isn't she with
Ryoko?"

==-==-==

        Aboard her ship, Sasami collapses onto the floor.  "This sucks.  I
went to
the past to fix it.  But, this is worse!  Tenchi's alone, I'm married to
Seiryo, and Riko is gone!"

        "Meow..." Ryo-Ohki says sympathetically.

        "I have to get to Jurai.  I have to know what happened.  Maybe
there's
something I can still do."

        "Meow!"

        "Right.  Maybe there's something WE can still do.  Set course for
Jurai.
Full throttle!"

        "MMeeoooww!" she screams, flying at her top speed for the desired
planet.

==-==-==

        Arriving at Jurai, Ryo-Ohki once again hangs in orbit.  Stopping
silently,
she waits for Sasami's order.

        "I want you to stay up here."

        "Meow..." she whines.  "Meow meow..."

        "I know I've been a bit bossy of late, and I'm sorry.  But, would
you
rather have the other Sasami find you?  She might get suspicious."

        "Meow..." she reluctantly agrees.

        Enacting her disguise, "alright.  Send me down."

==-==-==

        Arriving in the palace, Misa finds nothing out of the ordinary,
actually.
Being that it's late in the day, most of the usual personnel have left to go
home.  Not that it matters, if she runs into a guard, she simply drops her
disguise.

        Walking through the halls, <I haven't been here in years.>  The last
time
didn't work out too well.  Sasami was so upset over the incident that
transpired that she never wanted to see her father again.  Everyone believes
that she was just mad, and would speak otherwise later.  Nine years later,
she walks the halls once more.

        After hearing odd noises, Misa peers into one of the rooms to see
Ayeka in
bed with Seiryo.  Though he seems to be having fun, Ayeka's face is devoid
of passion, of feeling.  It's as if this is not what she wanted.

        "Can I help you?" a voice calls from behind.

        Turning, she sees none other than herself.  "Hello, Princess
Sasami," she
greets.  "Actually, I was looking for you," she admits.

        "Me?  How so?"

        "Do you remember the incident ten years ago?  When Kagato returned?"

        "Yes.  I do.  You and Tenchi beat him.  I still don't know who you
are,
though."

        "Are you ready to accept the truth?"

        "Yes.  I am.  Tell me, who are you?"

        "Alright.  You asked for it."  Her disguise disappears, and Sasami
reveals
herself to herself.

        Sasami does the only thing anyone else would do in this situation.
She
faints.  Collapsing, she is caught by her twin, who eases her to the floor.

        After a couple of taps to the face, the unconscious form awakens.
"Who are
you?"

        "I'm you.  I went back in time to save the past.  Then, I came home
to the
future."

        Sasami stands and leads Misa down the hall.  "Well, I don't know if
this
future is any better than yours."

        "Well, in my time, Earth was a wasteland.  But, not anymore.  There
was
Riko, but she doesn't exist.  I was married, but now that's changed."

        "It sounds like your past is better than mine.  I was forced to
marry
Seiryo.  And for the dumbest reason, too."

        "What do you mean by that?"

        Stopping, "he said that the only reason he married was so that
nobody else
could.  He wanted to 'preserve' me."

        "So I take it you haven't..."

        "No," she says flatly.  "He refuses it.  Instead, he goes after
Ayeka every
night."

        "Are you telling me he ignores you?"

        "That's right.  He and Ayeka run the empire, and I do all the little
things.  I am barely involved in the politics."

        "You know, Sasami," Misa says, grinning, "there's a law on Jurai
where if
one wife is completely preferred over the other, the neglected wife can
leave."

        "I should.  But, where would I go?  My life is here."

        "Go to Earth.  Tenchi will welcome you back."

        "I never wanted to leave Earth, you know.  But, Ayeka forced me into
going
with her."

        "Do you want to take a trip?  I need to find Washu, and I doubt
she's on
Jurai."

        Looking back to the bedroom, "he'll never miss me."  Looking back to
Misa,
"let's go," she says excitedly.  "I want to leave this place."

        "What about Ayeka?  Should we try to get her out?  She doesn't look
happy
here."

        "She's not.  But, she's needed here.  The empire would collapse
tomorrow
with Seiryo in charge."

        "Alright.  Hang on."  <Ryo-Ohki!  Sasami is coming with us.>

        <Meow?>

        <I'll explain later.  Let's go!>

        At the command, both Sasamis disappear.

==-==-==

        Reappearing on the crystalline ship, Sasami looks around, smiling.
"I've
missed you, Ryo-Ohki!  It's been way too long."

        "Meow!"

        "So, Sasami," Misa asks, "do you know where Washu is?" she asks with
a hint
of hope.

        "Traveling with Ryoko, last I heard.  But, after they were pardoned
for
saving Jurai the first time, they've been staying out of trouble."

        Misa puts her thumb and first finger to her chin in thought.
"Well..." she
sighs, "I guess we can go to GP headquarters.  Even if Ryoko's clean, they
might know."

        "It's a possibility," Sasami agrees.

        "Ryo-Ohki?  Head for GP HQ," Misa orders.

        "Meow!" Ryo-Ohki shouts, heading for the desired location.  However,
the
Jurai twins can feel her complaintancy.

        "Don't worry, Ryo-Ohki," Misa says.  "When this is all over, I'll be
sure
to bury you in carrots."

        "MEOW!" she shouts at the thought.  Absently mindedly, a few screens
pop up
showing mounds of carrots.  "Meow..." she sighs contently.

==-==-==

        "Commander," a voice echoes in the large office, "we have an
incoming
transmission.  We thought you might want to take it."

        As she moves near her desk, she sets her tea cup on it.  "Who is
it?" she
asks.

        "It's Princess Sasami from Jurai," the voice responds.

        "Sasami?" she gasps.  "What is she up to now?"  Sitting down, the
teal
haired woman presses a button on her desk, which immediately brings up a
view screen.  "What can I do for you, Sasami?" she asks politely.

        Alone on the screen, ~we're looking for Washu and Ryoko.  Have you
heard
from them recently?~

        <'We?'> Kiyone thinks to herself.  "Who's with you?"

        Stepping into view, ~hello, Kiyone,~ Misa greets.  ~Been awhile,
hasn't
it?~

        "I remember you.  Ten years ago, you were on Earth.  You're the one
that
saved Jurai."

        ~Bingo!  I need to find Washu.  Have you seen her?~

        "No, I haven't.  Maybe Devon knows.  But, he's not here right now."

        ~Do you know where he is?~ Sasami asks.

        "He's on assignment.  Unfortunately, I can't tell you where he's at,
though."

        ~Well, thanks anyway,~ Misa says, ending the transmission.

        In the office, Kiyone sits alone, and extremely curious.  "What was
that
all about?" she asks herself.

==-==-==

        Aboard the crystalline ship, Misa is more frustrated than before.
"Now
what?" she asks, crossing her arms.  "I originally only went to the past to
fix it from Kagato's damage.  Now, it's snowballing.  This time, when I get
to the past, I'm staying there."

        "And permanently affect the timeline?"

        "Better than having a life like this.  You must understand.  You
don't want
to live with Seiryo, do you?"

        "Not really."

        "I'm doing this for everyone.  Not just me."

        "Sounds like you're having fun with this," Sasami says.  "Must be
great
living a life of adventure."

        "Actually, it is kinda fun."  Uncrossing her arms, "alright,
Ryo-Ohki.
What do you think is the best way to find your other self?"

        "Meow..."

        "You're still connected to Washu, aren't you?"

        "Meow!"

        A second later, a shadow covers the floor.  As the pair of
blue-hairs look
up, they see an identical Ryo-Ohki above them.

        The Ryo-Ohki that they are in brings up a screen, with Ryoko on it.
"So,
we meet again.  Now, are you going to tell me who you are?"

        "I am Misa," she responds.  "I need to talk to Washu."

        "Well, she wants to talk to you, too, Misa," Ryoko responds.  "We'll
bring
you aboard.  It'll be easier that way."

==-==-==

        A moment later, the blue hair pair are standing on the deck of the
indigenous Ryo-Ohki while the other simply sits on Misa's shoulder.  Across
from them are Washu and Ryoko.

        "So, you're the one with the other Ryo-Ohki," Washu starts.  "Do you
mind
explaining how that happened?  But, judging from your appearance, I can
guess."

        "You always were quick to think, Washu," Misa says.  "Yes, I am also
known
as Sasami.  Ryo-Ohki and I are from an alternate timeline where Kagato
destroyed everything.  I went to the past to save everyone, and now I find
the future is worse than before."

        "So, what do you want with me?" Washu asks.  "What do you need me so
badly
for?"

        "Washu," Misa starts, "I want you to send me back to the past.  To
just
after I saved everyone."

        "And what makes you think a third future will be any better?" Ryoko
asks.
"You might mess everything up a second time."

        "Life's a risk," Misa states.  "I might be able to make everything
right.
But, there's only one way to find out."

        "She has a point," Sasami adds.  "This future isn't one that should
exist.
I for one would like a change."

        "So would I," Ryoko says.

        "As would I," Washu agrees.  "I believe Misa can do more good in the
past.
She can possibly keep everyone together.  She can probably prevent everyone
from leaving.  Besides, Misa doesn't belong here.  So, I'll send you back.
Again."

        "Thank you, Washu," Misa says gratefully.

        "Ryo-Ohki," Washu shouts.  "Head for Earth."

==-==-==

        Not long after, Ryo-Ohki appears above Tenchi's home.  The event
immediately attracts the attention of the three local residents.  As they
move onto the front lawn, Ryo-Ohki and her passengers appear on the grass.

        "Welcome back, Ryoko," Tenchi greets.  "It's been awhile, hasn't
it?"

        "I guess so," Ryoko replies.  "Washu needs to access her lab.  For
some
reason, she picked this place."

        "The REASON," Washu interrupts, "is to bring you two back together."

        "I'm glad you came, Ryoko," Tenchi says.  "Life's been going
downhill since
you left."  Tenchi gives her a smile before walking over to Sasami.  "I've
missed you too," he says quietly.

        Washu walks into the house, leaving the three to themselves.  Misa
takes
the hint and quickly follows with her cabbit on her shoulder.  "Who says you
have to time travel to do some good?"

        "I caused this mess," Misa says.  "I want to fix it."

==-==-==

        Soon, Misa is once again strapped into the time machine as it whirls
about.
  "I hope this is the last time!" she shouts.  "This thing makes me sick!"

        "MEOW!"

        "Slight discomfort is a small price to pay for what you'll be
doing!" Washu
shouts back.  "It's time to accelerate!"  The machine starts to whirl faster
and faster, creating sparks in the air above.  The lights float upward, and
eventually disappear into the device above.

        After the machine stops, Washu hops down and walks away.  "Good
luck, kid,"
she says.  "You'll need it."

-End 6!-

Author's Note:  A couple months ago, K'thardin made the MISA award.  This
insult disgusts me.  I did not create Misa so that her name would be used to
trash others.  For those that are reading this, I ask that you e-mail
K'thardin (Kthardin@geocities.com) and demand the destruction of this
'award.'

The MISA award is disrespectful, rude, and shows bad form on K'thardin's
end.  Of course, if he had a heart, he would understand this.

And furthermore, K'thardin, MY IDEAS DO NOT SUCK!!

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com