Disclaimer:  I don't own these characters.  Pioneer does.  I'm just
playing around with them a bit.

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com

	As the infamous crystalline ship flies through space, a lone figure
watches in anticipation.  Although this person is the least expected to
appear, he is no less dangerous.

	"Soon," he says quietly.  "Soon, everything will be over.  Soon,
everything will be mine."

	Watching the ship fly closer to view, he anticipates the events to
come.  Long has he waited for such a day.  

==-==-==
Misa

Part Two

The Past Revealed
==-==-==

	In another part of the galaxy, a young man can only watch as the towel
clad Misa walks towards him.  Still unsure of her intentions, he only
hopes she's true to her word about what she said.

	Of course, considering who Misa truly is, he trusts her words.  

	"Tenchi," Misa says quietly, "you don't have anything to be afraid of. 
I'm going to simply show you what I've been through."  Sitting next to
him, "is that alright with you?"

	"Yes.  Tell me, what happened?  What was so terrible that you had to
come to the past?"

	"I'll show you," she states, putting her forehead to his.  Reality
warps the room, changing it to the front lawn at nighttime.  "I learned
that from Mirei, a long time ago."

	"You mean the ghost of Sargasso?"

	"Yes.  Her."  Pointing to the moon, "look up there!"  

	Tenchi cranes his head towards her finger, looking to where she meant. 
In front of the moon is the most dreadful sight he has ever laid his
eyes on.  "Soja," he says coldly.  "This means that Kagato-"  

	Tenchi is rudely cut off as a mammoth explosion is heard in the
background.  Dreadingly, he turns to look, only to find his house
ablaze.  "My house!" he shouts.  Ahead of him are Sasami, Washu, and the
Tenchi Misa remembers.  

	Sasami drops to her knees, bawling.  "Ayeka...Ryoko...Why?  Why did you
have to be in there?"

	The other Tenchi starts to run for the house, but is stopped by Washu. 
"There's nothing you can do, Tenchi.  I'm sorry."

	The new Tenchi can hardly believe any of this.  "Ayeka and
Ryoko...gone...?"  The horrible sight sets in, and is amplified by the
feeling that there's nothing he can do about it.

	"Not long from now," Misa narrates, "Kagato will regain control of
Ryoko.  He sent her down to capture Ayeka.  However, Ryoko didn't know
of what Kagato was really planning.  While Ayeka and Ryoko were
fighting, Kagato..."

	Tenchi sees that everyone is running for the house once again. 
Confused, the young Juraian looks up to see a hail of green energy
falling from Soja.  Acting in haste, Misa yanks on his arm, pulling
Tenchi along to the house.  

	Everyone dives into the lab, including Misa and Tenchi.  After the door
is closed, multiple loud explosions are heard outside.  "What's going
on?" Tenchi asks.

	"You'll find out," Misa replies.  "We spent the entire night listening
to the decimation.  Finally, after eight long hours, they stopped."

	Everyone walks out of the lab to see that there is nothing to see.  The
ground is barren and lifeless.  The trees surrounding the area are
either burning, black, or just plain dead.  The leaves of the latter
group are the gray of death, a symbol of how Earth now looks.  

	"Where are Dad and Grandpa?" Tenchi gulps.

	"Katsuhito was in the lab earlier than we were, but without Funaho, his
life tree....  As for your father, he had the unfortunate nature of
working late.  I'm sorry.  I know how this must sound to you."  

	A stray thought comes to mind that needs voicing.  "What about
Ryo-Ohki?  She was in the lab, but she must've been heartbroken to see
Ryoko die."

	"Yes.  She was.  Since I had an unofficial link to her, she found it
easy to bond to me.  As for Ryoko, we made a memorial for her and the
rest of our friends that we lost to Kagato."

	"What happened to him?"

	"Washu took you and a friend of yours, Devon Kane, to Soja.  From
there, I don't know what happened."

	"Who's Devon Kane?"

	"Don't worry.  You'll meet him soon enough.  A month after Kagato was
defeated, a few things settled down.  I lost many things precious to
me.  But, I carried on.  I survived."

	The scene changes to the shrine steps, with Sasami looking into the
distance.  Ryo-Ohki is accompanying her, but failing to cheer her up. 
Tenchi is at the stairs, kicking the destroyed stones down the other
steps.  

	One such projectile ricochets off the fifth step, sending it near the
approaching scientist.  Looking up from her work, she sees the incoming
and destroys it.  "Nice shot, Tenchi.  But, next time, look before you
kick."

	"Sorry, Little Washu," he apologizes to the still approaching red
head.  

	"Alright people," she says calmly, "let's go."

	"Go where, Little Washu?" Tenchi replies.  

	"To the past, of course," she replies.  "I am not going to leave this
sit."

	"But," Sasami says, "what about the laws about tampering with time?"

	"Time laws be damned," Washu states.  "I am not going to let my
daughter die because of some psycho's ambitions."

	"So, Misa, we were sent into the past?" Tenchi asks.

	"Not all of us..." she replies.

	At the lab, everyone is gathered around the time machine, awaiting
input from Washu.  "Listen people," she starts, "I can't send us all
into the past.  There isn't enough power left.  I can send one of you,
plus Ryo-Ohki back, but I can't guarantee your way back."

	"Then I'll go," Sasami volunteers.  "I will take Ryo-Ohki into the past
and fix everything.  Mihoshi.  Kiyone.  Ayeka.  Ryoko.  I will save them
all."

	"What happened to Mihoshi and Kiyone?" Tenchi asks Misa.  

	"I'll...explain later."

	"Sasami," Tenchi starts, "take this," he says, handing her Tenchi-ken. 
"You may need it.  Remember the training I gave you."

	"I trained you?" he asks Misa.

	"Yes.  When I started to manifest my Jurai powers, I asked you to train
me.  I thought that might get us closer."

	"How much training did I give you?"

	"About seven years worth."

	As Misa's past counterpart starts to spin, the lab is rocked by an
explosion.  Washu rapidly types on her laptop, trying to stop the
problem.  

	"Washu!  What's going on?" Tenchi shouts.

	"The time machine is causing an imbalance in the matrix of the core."

	Both Tenchis look dumbfounded.

	"The core's going into meltdown!  And there's nothing I can do about
it!  It's time to accelerate!" Washu screams, cranking up the power to
the max."

	"I hate this part!!!" Sasami screams.

	"MIYYYAA!!!!" Ryo-Ohki echoes in her way.

	The loud and fading noises are the last thing anybody in the room hears
before the lab erupts into flames.  

==-==-==
	The scene changes to a beach.  Sasami is unconscious, and Ryo-Ohki is
only coming to right now.  Waking, she immediately sees her friend. 
"That was a fun ride, wasn't it?" she asks.

	"Meow..." she disagrees.  

	"Well, shall we go?  We may only get one shot at this, so let's make it
count."

	"Meow!" the cabbit screams, transforming into her cruiser form.  A
second later, Sasami is beamed aboard.  While she's traveling, she
enacts her disguise, hoping to deceive Tenchi.  

	Reality warps back to normal, and the pair reappear on Tenchi's bed. 
"Now that I'm here, I can change the future for the better," she sighs. 
Yawning, "but, I think I'll get some sleep first," she says, passing out
right there.

	Positioning her on the bed, he covers Misa and watches her sleep. 
"Poor girl.  All this has worn her out.  She's so different from Sasami,
though.  I think she's hiding more than she's letting on.  I wonder how
she got so powerful?"


--End Two--