Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=
Sasami:  The name of this one probably gave it away.  Oh, well.

Author's notes:  My friend wants two more parts.  My friend will get two more
parts.  But, I planned to let it rest after Riko showed up.

=-=-=-=-=
Misa:  Tsunami

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

        The events of the past month has caused a few questions to appear in Tenchi's
mind.  Walking through town, he has time and room to think.  <When I fought
Kagato last time, I saw Tsunami for the first time.  But, why does she look
like Misa?  And, why was Ryoko after Riko in Misa's past?  This isn't making
any sense.>

        In his wondering, he accidently bumps into a young man, about his age.  "Oh,
excuse me."

        "Don't worry about it," he says, fixing his fadora.  Looking at him
curiously, <so, he's the one I'm looking for.>

=-=-=-=-=
        Washing dishes, Sasami feels there's nothing out of the ordinary.  Ayeka and
Ryoko have knocked each other out again, Washu's in her lab, as always,
Mihoshi and Kiyone are away on a mission, And Misa is relaxing in the living
room.

        But, one thing is out of the ordinary.  Pulling a dish out of the soapy
water, she sees one shocking image.  So shocking as she almost dropped a
plate.  Looking in the non-suds part of the water, she sees not herself, but
Tsunami.

        Her thoughts a jumble of anxiety, the plate hits the floor, breaking into
hundreds of pieces.

=-=-=-=-=
        Having heard the noise, Misa looks to the kitchen.  "That's odd.  I never
broke a dish.  Except when..."  Standing, "Sasami?"  Walking into the kitchen,
she sees her younger self kneeling on the ground, picking up the porceilan
pieces.  "Are you alright?"

        "Misa...I saw..."

        Kneeling, "I know.  Tsunami."

        "Yeah.  I just think that when she comes, I'll have to leave."

        "Do you WANT to leave?"

        "No.  Of course not."

        "Then, you won't.  Besides, Tsunami won't be here for a long time."

        "What about the others?"

        "I doubt it will affect them.  But, I think it's time we told them."

        Looking at her, "you think so?"

        "They'll find out sooner or later.  I think it would help both us and them if
they find out."

        "But, it does sound a little strange.  What if they don't believe me?"

        "They will.  I'll help you out."

        <I will help as well, Sasami, if need be,> Tsunami says to her.  <Like Misa
said, it's time they found out.>

        "Thank you." Sasami finally mutters.

=-=-=-=-=
        After helping Sasami with the broken dish, Misa heads up to the shrine.
<This has been bugging me for the past month.  I need to get it off my
shoulders.>  Seeing Tenchi, <although, it was fun.>  "Tenchi?"

        Having just returned, Tenchi resumed his chores and has been sweeping the
shrine.  He looks towards the steps, "hello, Misa.  Is something wrong?"

        "No.  Not really.  But, I need to talk to you."

        "Alright.  What's on your mind?"

        "Tenchi, why don't we go for a walk?"

        Confused, "okay."  <She sounds serious.  I wonder what the matter is?>
Setting the broom against a tree, he walks towards her.  "Let's go."

=-=-=-=-=
        As the pair walk off into the woods, they don't know they're being watched.
<What is she up to, now?>  Taking her camera, <I think Ayeka'll get a kick out
of this.>

=-=-=-=-=
        "Tenchi, this is a bit strange for me to talk about, so bear with me.  I just
wanted to apologize for my behavior when I first landed in the past."

        "Oh.  I see.  Now I understand the problem."

        "Actually, now that I look back on it, I'm kind of embarrassed.  I was just
confused.  Having just landed in the past, I was disoriented."

        Stopping, "Misa, it's alright.  I understand."

        "Then, you're not mad?"

        "No.  Not really."  Leaning forward, he gives her a kiss on the forehead.
"Don't worry about the past.  Just look to the future."

        Smiling, "Thanks.  Now, I feel better."  Looking over to the Funaho tree,
"Sasami?"

        Sitting on the roots, Sasami is simply staring at the water.

        "Sasami?"  Tenchi asks.  "What's up?"

        "I'm just worried.  I don't know what to do."

        Ryoko drops in, "What's the matter, Sasami?"

        "What are you doing here, Ryoko?" Misa asks.

        "I was wondering the same thing about you and Tenchi."

        "Don't start, Ryoko," Tenchi states.  "Misa and I had something to discuss.
That's all."

        Sighing, "I came out here to get away from all this," Sasami says to herself.

        "There you are!" Ayeka shouts as she approaches the group.  "What are you
doing now, Ryoko?  Can't you just leave Tenchi alone?"

        "Ayeka," Misa starts, "Tenchi and I had something to talk about.  Ryoko found
it her business to spy on us."

        "Would you all stop?" Sasami shouts.  "I came out here to get away from
everyone."  Tearful, "can't I get some peace and quiet?"

        Misa walks over to Sasami, and kneels to her height.  "I'm sorry, Sasami.  I
didn't know you were out here.  It's my fault, I guess."

        Sniffling, "I just want to be alone."

        "This is about earlier, isn't it?"

        "Yeah.  I just need to clear my head."

        "Sasami, I think it's time to tell them.  That might help you out."

        "That's why I'm here.  How do I explain?"

        "Sasami," Tenchi asks, "what's wrong?"

        Ayeka walks over to her sister, and puts a hand on her shoulder.  "It's
alright, Sasami.  Tell us what is wrong."

        "I don't know where to start.  Misa?"

        Taking a deep breath, "Ayeka, do you remember when Jurai was attacked five
years ago?"

        "Yes.  I do.  It was by a group of terrorists called the Gem'rok.  They were
captured and imprisoned for their crimes."

        "Well, there was one crime that did go unpunished.  You see, I was in the
Great Arboritum that day."

        "What were you doing in there?" Ayeka asks.

        "I was just wandering around, actually," Misa states.

        "It happened so fast," Sasami continues, "that I don't remember much of it.
But, I was thrown off the platform when the palace was hit."

        "You mean you-" Tenchi is so struck by this that he can't finish his
sentance.

        "I fell a great distance.  That would have been the end, if not for Tsunami."

        "Tsunami?" Ryoko asks, "the tree that Kagato was after?"

        "It's more than just a tree," Misa answers.  "It has a conciousness in it you
can't even begin to imagine.  That is the Tsunami that saved my-our lives.
She bonded with us, and gave us a new start."

        "I tried to tell you," Sasami stammers.  "But I didn't know if you would
believe me."

        "It is a little strange.  So, you are both assimilated with Tsunami?  How is
that possible?"

        "Sasami is, but I am no longer."

        "Why is that?" Tenchi asks.

        "After I appeared in the past, Tsunami, Sasami and I had to change things.
The strain would be too great to have two people bonded to her.  So, I decided
that I would be detached.  After all, Sasami is too young, and can't live
without it.  And, I had my chance."

        "I suppose that's why you no longer have the marks on your forehead," Tenchi
states.

        "That's right."

        "Everything's making sense, now," Tenchi says.  "The marks, your power, and
Tsunami.  It's all clear now."

        "Thank you, Misa," Sasami says.  "Thanks for explaining it," she says,
hugging her older counterpart.

        "What are sisters for?"  Backing away, she looks to the rest.  "I think we
should leave her alone," Misa says, tugging at Ayeka.  "She's been through a
lot."

        Ayeka looks over to Sasami, "let us know if you need anything."

        "I will."  Looking to her friends, Sasami knows one thing she may need.
Running after them, "hey!  Wait up!"

-end-
