
The usual disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi.  Pioneer and AIC does.  I am not 
making any money off this.  This is just a labor of love.

Please be aware that the following story takes place in the OAV world.  
Like the Manga, I assumed that TMIL could have also occurred in the OAV timeline.  
I dedicate this story to my own mother.

Check out my website: http://www.geocities.com/rchavez/
for my fanfiction.



            Tenchi Muyo!
          Miss You Always
                By
            Rene Chavez
        rchavez4@elp.rr.com


	Just before the sun rose and light up the sky.  A small light pierced the 
clouds.  It was still early in the morning, so nobody would have noticed the 
glow or warmth that befell on the Earth at that moment.  In the light stood a 
girl in an elegant white kimono.  Her small silky feet gently touched on the 
snowy ground.  She glided over to the top of a hill and looked out into the horizon.  
She raised her hand and the sun slowly rose from the east.
  
Katsuhito stood on the shrine steps looking down on the land.  The snowy blanket 
filled the woods and land with a white glow.  He let this thoughts drift into the 
past.  The snow always seemed to do that to him.  His memories were of his 
daughter, Achika.  They once stood there looking at the snowfall a long time 
ago.  She was only seven and had never seen snow in her life.  Her face glowed, 
just like the snow.  

His teakettle whistled inside the shrine.  The sudden sound brought him back to 
his own reality.  He took one more look out and headed back inside.  Unbeknownst 
to the Shinto priest, a young dark haired lady dressed in white stood by him.  
She watched him walk back into the house.  Achika smiled at her father and 
then walked down the shrine steps.  Small royal teardrops grew from every 
place she stepped.  She appeared in front of the house and sat down on the 
steps.  She looked out at the lake.  She closed her eyes and remembered.

It was in the autumn.  She held her child in her arms looking at his 
beautiful eyes.  The child looked up at her with awe and wonder.  His 
small hands were trying to reach out and touch her.  The young mother 
caressed the infant’s hand and leaned down.  She placed the infant’s 
hand on her cheek.  The infant smiled as Achika gave him a gentle kiss 
on the forehead.

Achika found herself back in front of the house.  Noboyuki was stepping 
out of the house.  

She looked at him sternly, "You should march yourself back inside and 
have breakfast."  

Noboyuki only zipped up his coat.  She appeared standing next to him.
  "I mean it, Mister I’m-too-busy-to-get-a-decent-breakfast."  Noboyuki
 stopped and looked up at the snow falling.  There was a looked of sadness 
on his face.  She knew his thoughts every time the snow fell.  She put 
her arms around him and gave him a comfort he has not’t felt in a long while.

"I guess I should have breakfast since I’m going to be late anyway," said 
Noboyuki.

Achika smiled, "That’s my Noboyuki."  She kissed him on the cheek.  Noboyuki closed 
his eyes and took a deep breath.  

"Ahh, my dear wife in heaven, you wouldn't’t have left me out of the door until 
I’ve had something to eat," he said to himself.  He unzipped his coat and 
stepped inside.  "Sasami, I think I will have some breakfast," announced 
Noboyuki.  Achika giggled at his husband’s sudden change in moods.  

Achika wandered around the house as it slowly began to stir with its occupants.  
Sasami was working hard on making breakfast.  Her hands moved at a rapid pace 
as she chopped carrots and grilled the fish.  Ryo-ohki sat by Sasami as she 
prepared the carrots.  Achika giggled as a piece of carrot would fly off and 
the little cabbit would be there to catch it.

Achika then sensed something upstairs.  In instant, she found herself standing 
in front of Tenchi’s room.  She looked down the hall.  Ayeka was looking herself 
over in the mirror.  There was a great amount of sadness and uncertainty from the 
young princess.  She walked by Ayeka and put her arm on her shoulder.

"Oh Ayeka, it doesn't’t matter what you look like.  Tenchi knows what is in your 
heart.  Give him time," said Achika.  Ayeka turned around surprised.  She thought 
she heard something.  She couldn’t quiet understand what happened, but she felt a 
sense of joy and relief.    

Ryoko floated above looking down on Tenchi.  "Now Ryoko, I don’t think Tenchi would 
approve of you spying on him," said Achika.  She crossed her arms and gave a stern 
look at the space pirate.  Achika could sense the feelings of longing and sadness 
from within Ryoko.  Achika gently placed a hand on Ryoko’s cheek.  

"There is no need for sadness.  My heart is within Tenchi’s and I know that you 
are in his heart," whispered Achika.  Ryoko closed her eyes.  A single tear flowed 
down her cheek and landed on Tenchi’s own cheek.  He slowly opened his eyes.  His 
gazed out his window and saw the gentle snow falling down.  

"It’s snowing again," Tenchi said quietly.  

Ryoko opened her eyes.  Tenchi was sitting up looking straight at her.  She was 
expecting to be yelled at or for him to run out, but he was just there quietly 
in front of her.  Ryoko could feel her cheeks turning red.  

"Good morning, Ryoko," said Tenchi pleasantly.

Ryoko was now fully blushing and scratching the back of her head.  "Good morning,
 Tenchi," she said.  She coughed, "aren’t you going to yell at me?"

"No Ryoko, just how about giving me some privacy please," Tenchi said.

Ryoko was completely caught off guard.  "Sure, I’ll see you at breakfast," she
 said and quickly disappeared.

Achika laughed at the whole scene, "I knew you would be trouble for the 
ladies."

Suddenly, Ayeka stormed into the room.  "You leave Lord Tenchi alone, you 
monster!" screamed Ayeka.  She stood there frozen.  

Tenchi only sat on his bed.  Tenchi and Achika both formed a sweat drop.  
"Good morning, Miss Ayeka," said Tenchi.

Ayeka quickly bowed, "I’m sorry Lord Tenchi, I thought Ryoko was bothering 
you again."  She quickly bowed and ran out of the room.  Tenchi let out a 
sign while Achika tried to control her laughter.  

Achika followed Tenchi to the breakfast table.   She watched with joy as 
they all sat down and ate together.  Ayeka and Ryoko would sit by Tenchi 
while Mihoshi talked on with Sasami.  She followed them throughout the day.  
Tenchi went to school.  Mihoshi slept.  Sasami worked in the kitchen.  Ayeka 
watched her soaps and Ryoko would wander around the woods.  Washu never came 
out of her lab.  Achika debated whether or not visit her.  She later decided 
against it.

Tenchi came home later in the afternoon.  He casually strolled thru the woods.  
His mother was by his side.  His thoughts were open to her.  The snow brought 
back strong images and memories of her.  She could see every memory he had for her.  
Another feeling emerged from him.  Achika shed a tear and embraced her son.  

"I miss you too, Tenchi.  I wish I could have been here with you," whispered Achika.  

Tenchi looked down and let a single tear fall from his cheek.  "I know what is in 
your heart and you know what is in mine.  I will be here with you always, Tenchi."
 
She moved forward and gently kissed Tenchi on the cheek.  Tenchi looked around.  
He touched his cheek and felt a snowflake.  He started heading back home when he 
felt something again.  He turned around and noticed something was odd.  He made a 
few steps back and looked on the ground.  A single royal teardrop grew out of the 
ground.  For some reason, amid the snow and coldness, Tenchi felt great warmth 
inside of himself.   

That night, Tenchi stood out in his balcony looking up at the stars.  His mother 
quietly sat on ledge looking at him.

"He has such greatness, doesn't’t he?" asked Achika.

"Yes he does," replied another female voice.  Tsunami quietly appeared, "Sasami 
is sleeping peacefully, along with everybody else.  I am honored to be in your 
presence."

"The honor is mine," said Achika, "You have filled his life with joy and love."
Achika giggled, "Maybe a little too much love."

Tsunami giggled, "He sure attracts as lot of attention from the ladies."  Achika 
continued looking at Tenchi.

"He is a good soul with a great heart and I have you to thank, Lady Achika," said Tsunami.

"I'm glad he’s eating right," said Achika.  Tsunami giggled.

"Sasami is an excellent cook," said the Goddess.  Achika turned away and looked 
back at the house.

"I can’t help but wonder," said Achika.

"What?" asked Tsunami.

"Who would he marry?  I know that Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and even you are 
in love with him," said Achika mischievously.  Tsunami blushed in embarrassment.

"It doesn't’t really matter.  I love you all as if you were my own daughters.  
I look forward to the day I see my grandchildren," smiled Achika.  She looked 
hopefully at her son.  "There will be many grandchildren for me to watch over 
and protect."

Tsunami stood for contemplating.  "Lady Achika, I could let them see you, let 
them know that you are here."  Achika looked at Tsunami and smiled.

"It would break their hearts and mine knowing that we would have to depart 
again," said Achika, "I am content with being here in spirit watching over 
my family.  I wish I could be a mother to them all.  I wish I could have 
been by my son's side when he faced all those dangers.  But I can't."  Achika 
tried to contain her tears, "I can only be his strenght in spirit."  She looked 
at Tsunami and held her hands.

	Tsunami bowed, "This universe is a wondeful and mysterious place, even to me.  
Believe in love and anything is possible."  Tsunami looked back inside the house.  
"I must be going back.  Will you be here long?" asked Tsunami.

	Achika looked longingly at her son.  "I will be here till the final snowflake
 falls, but I will always be in my family’s hearts.  I will always be with you all, 
just like how I am always with my son."  Tsunami closed her eyes as a single tear 
fell down from her cheek.

	"No tears for me, Tsunami, Goddess of Jurai.  I lived my life to the fullest 
and I have no regrets," said Achika reassuringly.  "I am grateful that I can be here.  
It is because of the love of my son and the love from this house that I was able to 
be back, for at least a while," said Achika.  

Tsunami turned to Achika and gently held her close, "Thank you for your love and 
compassion, Lady Achika.  We are all here because of you."  The goddess slowly 
moved back and disappeared.  Achika continued to watch over her son.

Tenchi stood on his balcony looking up into the sky.  The snow stopped falling,
 except for one snowflake.  He watched it gently fall down.  He closed his eyes.  
He could have sworn he felt a gentle kiss on his cheek.  Tenchi opened his hand 
and the snowflake gently landed on his hand and vanished.

                         Never The End


---------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes:  I guess this was kind of an emotional fan fic.  Achika has 
always been a source of wonder for me.  I do believe that the spirits of our 
loved ones are always with us watching over us and protecting us.

C&C is always welcomed.  