Moonlight and Cherryblossoms Chapter 3: My Treasure, Ryoko.

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi, and I didn't create Tenchi
either. So you can't sue me!

Chapter 3: My Treasure, Ryoko.

It was an early, sunny morning at the Masaki household. Tenchi
was in the carrot fields, working as hard as usual. The girls
were in the house doing their daily chores. Ryoko was sound
asleep in her bedroom having of course, sweet dreams about
Tenchi. She was awaken by the usual outburst of anger from
Ayeka. 

"Get out of bed you lazy bum!" Ayeka screamed from outside the
door.

"I'm up, I'm up." Ryoko said rolling over and covering her head
with her pillow.

"No you aren't get out here now!" This time Ayeka was pounding
on the door.

"Fine, I'll get up." She materialized into her original blue
with yellow stripes dress. Let's not forget the cute lil' tail
with it.

She transported herself outside the door and stared at Ayeka.

"Finally, you're up. You need to do the laundry and the yard
work. And you forgot to do the dishes last night, Sasami was so
kind enough to do them for you, so you must do them tonight."
Ayeka took a breath of air, and realized Ryoko wasn't there.

"RYOKO!" Ayeka was furious, "where did the monster woman run off
to?"

Meanwhile: 

In the kitchen Ryoko was gathering up the few dishes from the
table. She was hoping she wasn't gonna break another one like
she did a few nights ago. She placed them in the sink and began
to scrub them with the dirty, old sponge Sasami always uses. 

"Eck! Sasami really needs to get a new sponge." Ryoko said in
disgust as she finished scrubing the last remaining dishes.

After she finished that, she started on her next chore. The
laundry, something that was just too easy to do. She gathered
the close on the floors and inside the clothes hamper.

Ryoko set the timer to go off in 45 minutes. After she set the
timer, she walked over to the couch and sat down comfortably.
She turned on the t.v to see that nothing was on. Then an idea
poped in her head.

"Maybe I should pay Tenchi a little visit." Ryoko thought.

Just then Tenchi walked in the house. He was all sweaty, but it
was in a sexy kind of way. Tenchi wiped his dirty hands on his
t-shirt when he notice Ryoko drooling over him.

"Uh, hi Ryoko." Tenchi said nervously.

"Oh," Ryoko turned around and blushed, not believing what she
just did.

"Hi Tenchi." Ryoko said with a slight blush.

She transported herself next to him. Tenchi blushed lightly.
Ryoko wanted to ask him about last night so badly, but she
didn't want to at the house. She wanted a quiet, placid place,
not this rowdy house.

Just then Ayeka walked into the room and noticed Ryoko's hand on
Tenchi's arm.

"Let go of Lord Tenchi right now!" Ayeka demanded.

"What are you talking about, Ayeka. You act like im gonna hurt
him." Ryoko protested.

"You will hurt him. And besides, he doesn't want a monster woman
like you touching him, you dirty old mummy. Isn't that right
Tenchi?" Ayeka asked.

"Ayeka that was a little too harsh, don't you think. I don't
mind her touching me anyway." Tenchi replied.

Just then, Tenchi and Ayeka noticed Ryoko was gone. Ryoko wasn't
the type who could stand and take cruel comments like Ayeka gave
her, and Tenchi knew it.

"Ryoko..." Tenchi thought to himself.

"Seems like she is skipping her chores again, I am tired of her
being so lazy." Ayeka complained.

"I'm gonna go talk to Ryoko." With that, Tenchi left the house
knowing where she went.

Meanwhile:

Ryoko was sitting in the cherry blossom tree's branch. She was
so angry, and upset all at the same time. She didn't know how to
tell Tenchi how she feels about him. She could just say it, but
she wanted to remember it as something special, by doing
something that will stay in her memories forever. 

"Tenchi, I love you so much, but I just can't tell you." Ryoko
sobbed.

"Ryoko! Are you up there?" Tenchi yelled down from the ground.

He seemed so small from that view, like an ant.

"Yes, I'm up here!" Ryoko yelled back.

"Good, I'm comming up." Tenchi started to climb up the tree.

Maybe now is a good time to tell Tenchi, is what was running
through Ryoko's head. So many thoughts, but so little time,
because Tenchi was already up and sitting next to her.

"Ryoko, are you ok?" Tenchi asked soothingly.

"Tenchi, I just couldn't take that bull Ayeka was saying to me.
I can't stand her sometimes. She thinks just because she is a
princess, she should get everything she wants and everyone has
to listen to her." Ryoko was mad at the thought of that.

"I know Ryoko, sometimes people can be that way. You just have
to learn how to handle them." Tenchi replied.

"Well to bad I can't handle it. She's lucky I didn't blow her
ugly head off." Ryoko said gruffly.

Tenchi laughed, "I hope you don't get that mad at anyone. Come
on let's get back to the house." Tenchi was about to climb down,
but Ryoko grabbed his shirt.

"I need to talk to you." Ryoko couldn't control herself. She
didn't mean to stop him, it was like a reaction to him moving.
Maybe her mind was wanting to tell him, and was about to.

"Last night, you said you loved me... Did you mean it?" Ryoko
asked finally.

"Well um, Ryoko..." Tenchi was too nervous to say, but that is
what Ryoko guessed he would do.

"Tenchi I need to know!" Ryoko started to tear up.

"Ryoko..." Tenchi was interupted.

"Tenchi, I love you more than you think I do. I would die a
million deaths so that you would never bare one second of pain.
I would sell my soul to Kagato so you would never suffer any!
Tenchi I love you so much!!" Ryoko screamed out.

Tenchi was shocked at this response. Had he never felt the way
he did for Ryoko right now, he had always loved her, but he
thought she didn't love him in this way.

"Ryoko, I would never let you die or sell your soul to Kagato.
Not for me," Tenchi continued, "Ryoko you are my one, and only
treasure. I wouldn't let anyone hurt you. Ryoko, I meant what I
said last night. I love you." 

Ryoko was just completly stoped everything. The words she has
waited forever for, have just came out of her beloved Tenchi's
mouth. Oh how she dreamt of this for all eternaty, to be with
Tenchi.

"Tenchi..." Tenchi placed his finger on her lips.

"No more, listen to me now. I have waited too long to tell you
that ever since I first glimpsed at your beautiful features, I
wanted to be with you. Ever since you started living here I
wanted to tell you everything, how I felt for you, and how much
I loved you. Ryoko, I have chosen you.

"Is this true?" Ryoko said with a hint of shock.

"Yes." Tenchi smiled, "I want to tell everyone, but Ayeka won't
take it so well."

"I know." Ryoko didn't know how to act, so she just agreed to
him.

"Let's go back to the house and tell everyone." Tenchi
suggested.

"Ok, but are you sure." Ryoko questioned.

"Well, it's tell them, or they find out. So what do you think?"
Tenchi asked.

"We should tell them with the way you put it." Ryoko joked.

They both jumped down from the tree (They weren't that high up,
you know) and proceeded to the house.

When they got there, Ayeka was waiting at the table. So was
Washu, Mihoshi, and Sasami. 

"Welcome home, Tenchi!" Mihoshi said cheerfully.

"Hello Tenchi." Sasami added.

"Hey, where've you been?" Washu asked then looked at Ryoko and
smiled.

They began to talk through their links. 

'Ryoko, I know what happened.' Washu smiled.

'What!? How?' Ryoko said.

'I can feel your emotions, my lil Ryoko' Washu winked.

There convesation was interupted by Tenchi.

"I want to tell everyone something important." Tenchi looked
stern.

"What is it?" Everyone, but Ryoko and Washu asked.

"I have chosen... Ryoko." Tenchi looked and smiled at Ryoko.

"WHAT!" Ayeka stood up.

"I'm sorry Ayeka, but I love Ryoko." Tenchi said.

"How could you l-love her?" She couldn't go on. Ayeka ran up to
her room. 

Tenchi tried to stop her, but Washu motioned not to.

"But, Miss Washu..." Tenchi tried to go on.

"She will adventually come to, I'm going to my lab. Oh and
congradulations Ryoko." Washu left the kitchen and into her lab.

"Wow! That's great news Tenchi." Mihoshi clapped for Tenchi and
Ryoko.

"I'm so happy for you two." Sasami smiled.

"Thanks guys, I knew you would understand." Ryoko smiled at at
them.

Tenchi and Ryoko were now a newly couple, but how will Ayeka
take heartbreak?

To Be Continued
--------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: Well finally thet get together. I hoped you
liked it. The next chapter, we will finally get some action.
What I mean is a enemy returns. Uh-oh, what will everyone do
when he appears with no warning. And what about Ayeka, how will
she take all this. Not lightly, that's for sure. Next chapter
will be: "My dreams of you are shattered"
Questions or comments? Email them here at
cherryblossom124@aol.com or check out my site: cbrt.issweet.net.
Thanx for reading!


