Moonlight and Cherryblossoms Chapter 2: Midnight Dreams.

Disclaimer: I didn't create Tenchi! So you can't sue me!

Chapter 2: Midnight Dreams.

It has been at least a whole day since Ryoko confinded herself
within her bedroom. She hasn't eaten nor came out since. Tenchi
is now full of guilt. He should have explained to her. He wants
to go comfort her hurt soul, but he knows there is nothing he
could do till she came out. Even Washu can't talk to her. Her
link was cut off ever since she locked herself away from
everyone.

Meanwhile:

In Ryoko's room the sun was setting for another night
approaching. Ryoko felt too depressed to move from her spot in
the corner of the room. She was all balled up with her knees
against her chest for protection. She had cried herself to sleep
during the previous night. Now, she has calmed down a bit.

"Tenchi..." Ryoko whispered to herself, "I'm so sorry I got mad
at you..."

Back in the living room, Tenchi and the girls, with the
exception of Ryoko, were watching soap operas. Even though
Tenchi didn't like them too much, he still watched them through
time to time. The only problem was that all he could think about
was Ryoko, and what happened the other night.

Footsteps could be heared from the staircase. Everyone turned
around to see Ryoko standing there.

"Ryoko?!" Everyone was shocked to see her.

"Yep, it's me." She said in a elated tone.

Tenchi was overjoyed to see her.

"Oh, am I ever so hungry." Ryoko clapped her hands together and
then began to proceed to the kitchen.

Tenchi got up from his seat and followed.

Meanwhile:

In the kitchen Ryoko was fixing herself a glass of water when
Tenchi walked in.

"Ryoko, I wanted to apologize..." Tenchi started, but was cut
off by Ryoko.

"No Tenchi, I am the one who needs to apologize. I was being
selfish and im sorry. You can hug Ayeka anytime you wish, it's
your life and I don't control you. And I was acting like a child
staying in my room. I am so sorry Tenchi." Ryoko took a sip of
her drink and put the glass down.

"Ryoko, it was a goodnight hug. It didn't mean anything. Please
understand that." Tenchi stated.

Ryoko smiled, and turned away from Tenchi. She walked out of the
kitchen and proceeded towards the huge cherry blossom tree was
standing. 

She sat down and squirmed around to get comfortable. Then she
covered her face and sobbed quietly to herself. She had such a
awful, sad,past. She wished that Tenchi would love her. She
wanted Tenchi so bad, he was her desire.

"Tenchi, I love you." Ryoko said quietly. Tenchi snuck up behind
her and saw her crying.

"Ryoko, are you ok? Why are you crying?" He asked soothingly.

Ryoko quickly wiped her tears away and turned to face her
beloved.

"Haha! Crying? I would never do such a thing. I am the most
imfamous space pirate of all time and I never cry! Crying is for
weaklings." She said boastfully, but as you can tell, she was
lying.

"Ryoko, I saw you. You were crying. You can't trick me." Tenchi
confronted her.

Ryoko tried to put a little smile on her face, but she just
couldn't and started crying again.

"Tenchi, i'm so sorry. I can't help it sometimes. Kagato always
told me, showing emotions are for weaklings. But everyone has
such a fragile heart and must show some type of emotions." She
spitted out, and continued to cry.

Tenchi walked up to her and simply put his arm around her to
comfort her. He knew exactly what she was talking about. Ryoko
has a very fragile, delicate heart. She was taught by Kagato to
never show these emotions. Even though Tenchi knew little about
Ryoko's past, he still could guess the wicked things Kagato did
to Ryoko. Tenchi loved Ryoko so much and he didn't want to see
her cry.

"Ryoko, it's ok. Showing such emotions are not a sign of
weakness. It's a sign of streagth." Tenchi cooed, but Ryoko
continued to cry.

"I don't want you to see me like this. Not as a weakling." Ryoko
muttered.

"Ryoko you are not weak. You are the strongest person I know."
Tenchi argued.

But Ryoko still continued to cry. So Tenchi cupped her face into
his hands. He felt her caressed skin in his hands.

"Ryoko, you are a strong, beautiful woman, and whatever Kagato
told you was a lie!" Tenchi wiped her tears falling with his
thumb.

"Tenchi..." Ryoko wanted to go on, but Tenchi interupted her.

"Ryoko, you are the one most precious to me. I don't want to see
you hurt by something that happened too long ago. Kagato is
dead, I finished him off. Please try to forget him. Ryoko I love
you." 

The words came out all too fast, and even Ryoko nor Tenchi could
believe it.

"Um...Well maybe we should head on home now." Tenchi said
nervously. He blushed lightly and stood up.

"I want to stay out here a little longer." Ryoko smiled.

"Ok then, but don't stay out too long." With that Tenchi took
off his coat and handed it to her.

"It might be a little chilly out here, so maybe you should wear
this." Tenchi blushed once more.

"Thank you, Tenchi. I promise I won't stay out too long." Ryoko
covered her arms with his coat.

She watched Tenchi leave and go into the house. She touched her
cheeks, where Tenchi had touched her. Ryoko held his coat
closely to her, as if it was her treasure.

"Tenchi, he said he loved me. Oh Tenchi, I love you more then
words can say." Ryoko drew her legs up to her chest.

Now Ryoko was crying again, but this time they weren't tears of
sadness, but now tears of joy.

To Be Continued
--------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: Well I hope you liked it. Much more better then
the first chapter, don't you agree? Anyway, I will try to get my
next chapter finished soon. The next chapter will be, "My
treasure, Ryoko". I know it's sounds sort of weird, but if you
think about the title, you can guess what the next chapter will
be about. If you have questions or comments, email me at
cherryblossom124@aol.com. I would love to hear from you. Oh, and
visit my website: cbrt.issweet.net
Thanks for reading my fanfics!