Moonlight and Cherryblossoms Chapter 7: Wings of a Goddess

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi! All I own are these fanfics that I right.
Non of the characters belong to me. So you can't sue me.

Chapter 7: Wings of a Goddess

"Well boy, three minutes isn't that long." Kagato said.

Tenchi looked over at Ryoko, who was shaking her head no. She didn't want
Tenchi to give up. She rather sacrifice her life, then see him get killed,
and that is what true love is about.

"Tenchi, don't do it!" Ryoko screamed from inside the tank.

"Ryoko, I can't let you die, all because of me. I just can't let that
happen." Tenchi dropped the Tenchi-ken.

"Tenchi, my life isn't worth it! I had my chance to live, but you haven't. I
will never be able to bare it, if you died Tenchi. You mean everything to
me, you are my world Tenchi. Please don't give up. You can beat him, I know
it! I have faith in you. Tenchi, I love you!" Ryoko started to cry.

"Ryoko, I love you too." Tenchi decision changed there, he would fight
Kagato. He picked the Tenchi-ken back up.

Mihoshi and Ayeka sheaded some tears of their own. Mihoshi placed her head
on Ayeka's shoulder and cried.

"That-that was the most romantic thing I have ever heard." Mihoshi wailed.

"Yes, yes indeed that was. They truely do love each other." Ayeka patted
Mihoshi's head.

Kagato on the other hand, hated this. He hated the feeling of love.

"Three minutes is over, what is your decision?" Kagato cracked his knuckles.

"My decision... is to fight you!" Tenchi glared at Kagato.

Without hesitation, Tenchi lunged at Kagato, slicing a cut on his face.
Kagato fell backwards and hit the wall hard.

"You will pay for that!" Kagato jumped back up and shot a green fireball at
Tenchi.

Tenchi wasn't prepared for that, and he was struck. Tenchi flew back into a
wall behind him.

"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka ran up to him.

"Ayeka, you have to get off the battle field. Kagato will hurt you." Tenchi
struggled to get up.

"No, Tenchi I have to protect you and Ryoko." Ayeka stood up and proceeded
towards Kagato.

"Haha! What's this, the princess wants a piece of me? Come and get it."
Kagato mocked her.

"How dare you insult me." Ayeka was furious now.

As a princess, she was also giving special powers, but she never uses them
unless she is forced to.

Ayeka's hair started to flow upwards. Her power was rising. Ryoko, Tenchi,
and Mihoshi were all appalled. They have never seen her with this power
before.

Blue light surronded Ayeka, and she put her hands together, forming an
energy ball, resembling Ryoko's, except it was blue. She shot shot it full
stregth at Kagato, knocking him off his feet.

"This technique is only taught to Jurai Royal Family members. As a princess,
I was gifted with it. Don't judge me because I look innocent, i'm not."
Ayeka said in a boastful manner.

"Well, I will remember that in the future." Kagato stood up, and shot an
energy bolt at her.

Ayeka quickly pulled up her Jurain forcefield.

"Ayeka!" Tenchi, Ryoko, and Mihoshi screamed.

The force was too powerful for Ayeka and she was pushed back into the wall
with full strength, knocking her unconsious.

"Well, I never thought I see the day when the Princess of Jurai would be
giving up so easily." Kagato formed his sword.

"Ayeka!" Tenchi grabbed Tenchi-ken and ran towards her.

Kagato put his hand in the air facing Tenchi. The next thing Tenchi knows is
that he is right back in the same wall as he was before. This time he can't
get up.

"Kagato, if you touch Ayeka, I swear, I will kill you!" Ryoko yelled with
fury.

"Ryoko, you can't harm a fly where you are at. So shut-up!" Kagato was fed
up with Ryoko.

Kagato raised his sword in the air above Ayeka.

"Stop right now!" Mihoshi screamed, and shot her blaster at him.

Kagato turned around to see who it was.

"Leave her alone. She is the Princess of Jurai. You can't treat royal people
like that." Mihoshi said with anger in her eyes.

"Ah, a Galaxy Police officer. You think you can do better then her?" Kagato
laughed.

"I am Mihoshi, First Class Detective of the Galaxy Police. Ayeka, Ryoko, and
Tenchi are all my friends. You won't hurt them as long as I'm standing
here." Mihoshi took a big gulp. She feared for her life.

"Well, i'm glad to know that. So, as long as you are standing there." Kagato
took his fist and hit the ground as hard as he could.

It started an earthquake and everyone lost there balance, except for Kagato.

Mihoshi reacted quickly though. She jumped up in the air and did a double
backflip. When she landed she pulled out her blaster and shot Kagato in his
face.

Kagato grabbed his face and screamed in pain, but Mihoshi wasn't through
yet. She pulled out a circular thing that shot out something to freeze your
opponents with. She used it on Kagato, and pretty soon he was in ice.

"Wow! Way to go Mihoshi." Ryoko smiled.

"Alright! I did it!" Mihoshi ran over to Ayeka to see if she was ok.

"Mihoshi, behind you!" Tenchi yelled at the blonde officer.

Mihoshi turned around and notice that the ice was cracking. Kagato punched
the ice and it shattered down at his feet. He dove at her and almost hit
her. Mihoshi quickly moved out of the way, but she was too late. Kagato made
another attack on her and knocked her out just like Ayeka.

"That's what you get for turning your back during a battle." Kagato picked
Mihoshi up by her colar.

"Now to get rid of you!" Kagato formed and energy ball in his fist.

Ayeka opened her eyes and saw what was happening. She had to react fast, or
her friend would die.

Ayeka dove at Kagato, knocking him off his feet. Mihoshi stood up with
Ayeka.

Kagato just smiled and shot the energy ball, that was mustering power in his
fist, at the girls.

The two girls hit and bounced off the wall and landed face first on the
floor, unconsious.

"Now, I will not hesitate to get rid of you two pests." Kagato formed his
sword again.

"No, leave them alone. You want me." Tenchi struggled to his feet.

"My my, you took a beaten and still challenge me?" Kagato looked at Tenchi.

"Y-you took Ryoko away from me, now you are trying to kill my friends too."
Tenchi pulled out Tenchi-ken.

"You are too weak to fight me. Do you want to die with the rest of your
friends?" Kagato insulted Tenchi.

Tenchi ran towards Kagato and attacked him with all he had left. Pretty
soon, Tenchi was beating down and Kagato pulled out his sword again.

"Now, where was I? Oh yes, get rid of these girls." Kagato laughed to
himself.

"Kagato stop! Leave them alone!" Ryoko pleaded.

"Don't worry, you will have your turn." Kagato mocked her.

Ryoko couldn't take it anymore. Her fury and anger was out of control. She
used all her might to get lose from her prison.

Kagato was shocked to see her get free. He quickly turned all his attension
to her and lunged at her.

Ryoko avoided this and shot her hair needles at him, to distract Kagato.

She flew over towards Tenchi. 'Good, he's alive.' She thought.

"Ry-ryoko... how did you get out?" Tenchi opened his eyes and saw his love
holding him.

"That doesn't matter now. Are you able to fight still?" Ryoko asked.

"I think so, but I'm in so much pain." Tenchi held his side.

Ryoko frowned and placed her lips on his. Suddenly, light surrounded Tenchi
and he was all healed.

"Wow! I didn't know you can do that." Tenchi was impressed.

"I can't, I just wanted to give you a kiss." Ryoko admitted.

"But, how did you-" Tenchi was cut off.

"Let's not worry about that. You are able to fight now, so we have to
concentrate on Kagato." Ryoko snapped.

"Right." Tenchi agreed.

"I need my gems though," Ryoko said straight foward, "since Kagato has
became more stronger, I need all my powers now."

"Ok, how do I give them back." Tenchi asked.

"Just leave it to me" Ryoko grabbed the Tenchi-ken and closed her eyes.

Suddenly, the gems disappeared one by one and reappeared on Ryoko's neck and
left wrist.

Ryoko felt an enormous ammount of energy infuse. Then, ten Light Hawk Wings
surrounded her. Her hair was floating and her outfit shined. She had
transformed into a goddess! Tenchi's mouth dropped at the site of her
beauty.

Ryoko opened her glowing eyes and gave Kagato a cold stare. Kagato now knew
that his time was over. Kagato wouldn't go down without a fight though. He
formed his sword and shot an energy blast at the goddess. The Light Hawk
Wings protected her from his attack.

"No! I refuse to lose to a demon!" Kagato was frustrated, he knew he was
gonna lose.

Tenchi stood back and let Ryoko finish Kagato off. He knew she had to get
rid of him. He treated her so awful, like she was a nobody. Tenchi was
finally glad that she will be able to torture him like he did to her along
time ago.

Tenchi ran over to Mihoshi and Ayeka. He checked both of them to see if they
were alright. Ayeka took the most of it from Kagato, but she stood strong.
She was more concerned for Ryoko, as she watched the final moments of the
battle.

Mihoshi did a great job protecting Tenchi and Ayeka. She was pretty strong
for someone without powers like Ayeka and Ryoko. Besides, she did more
damage to Kagato then Ayeka did. Tenchi was actually impressed by her. She
may be ditsy, but she was very dependable and strong.

Ryoko grinned at Kagato. She was driving him insane by teasing him.

"If you are gonna kill me, go on, but it will be harder then you think!"
Kagato tried to get her to think that he was still strong, but she only
smurked at his comment.

"Alright, I had enough of your senseless jiberish. This is what you get for
all those long years when you used to torture me!" Ryoko shouted and shot
the most powerful hyperbeams at Kagato.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! YOU WILL PAY R-Y-O-K-O!!!" Those were Kagato's final
words.

When she shot Kagato, he was desentigrated and the Souja exploded. Of course
you would think the gang and everyone would go with it, but no Ryoko saved
them of course. She protected them with the Light Hawk Wings. As a goddess,
she must protect the ones she loves.

Ryo-ohki sensed her presense and came flying towards her. Tenchi and the
group boarded Ryo-ohki and flew home.

Ryoko was too tired now. She hadn't fully matured when she generated the
Light Hawk Wings and she was worn out. The whole group was! Tenchi scooped
Ryoko up in his arms with the last bit of energy he had and kissed her on
her lips.

Mihoshi and Ayeka clapped their hands for the couple, who was now together
again.

"I love you Ryoko." Tenchi said and kissed her again.

"I love you too, Tenchi." Ryoko hugged him tightly.

One week later:

Everyone was now all healed up thanks to Washu. She was very proud of her
daughter, Ryoko.

Ryoko and Tenchi relaxed under the sun outside. They both were still worn
out of everything that happened.

Mihoshi went back to headquarters to do her report and everything seemed all
wonderful now.

"Ryoko, Tenchi, Lunch is ready!" Sasami called out.

At the lunch table, the group settled around and talked about stuff that was
going on, when Sasami mentioned a carnival.

"Hey, do you guys wanna go to a carnival?" Sasami said cheerfully.

"Where did you hear this Sasami?" Ayeka asked.

"Oh, Noboyuki told me about it." Sasami replied.

"Wow Sasami, that's sounds great!" Washu said.

"We would have so much fun at the carnival." Ayeka added.

"When is it Sasami?" Tenchi asked.

"It's tomorrow night." Sasami replied.

"Well, I know I'm going." Ryoko commented.

"Me too." Everyone else, but Washu said.

"I have an expierment to work on, so..." Washu left the room.

"Yay! Were going to the carnival Ryo-ohki!" Sasami and Ryo-ohki danced
cheerfully around the table.

The group laughed and they all enjoyed their peaceful lunch together.

To Be Continued
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: Yay! I finally killed Kagato! I thought I would have to wait
a whole nother chapter, but I did it in 3 hours. Well I hoped you liked this
one. The next chapter will be "The Carnival Comes and Goes"
Stay tuned for more of my fanfics.

Check out my site: cbrt.issweet.net
