Moonlight and Cherry Blossoms: Chapter 1: Only the Begining.

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, or any characters what so ever. I
didn't create it either, im just your average fan. So don't think about
sueing me, cause you know you can't. :P
------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 1: Only the Beggining.

It was an average night at the Masaki household. Ayeka and Ryoko were once
again at each others throats over who was going to help serve the food.

"You will just break the dishes, you clumsy bat!" Ayeka screamed.

Ryoko glared at the princess. The other night, when Ryoko helped, she sliped
on some water Mihoshi had spilled and never cleaned up. She had dishes in
her hands and they fell when she did. Ayeka really enjoyed that moment. The
princess was infused with delight when she looked at Tenchi all
disappointed. Sasami walked over to Ayeka and Ryoko and grabbed the dishes
out of Ayeka's and Ryoko's hand.

"Enough, I will serve them. Now go sit and enjoy the appeitizers."

Sasami walked solo into the kitchen. Ryoko was in a melancholy state now.
She really wanted to help out, to make up for that mistake last night. She
wanted to show Tenchi she could help out. She just kept walking, and
vanished into her room.

An hour later:

Dinner was being set on the table while Tenchi walked into the room.

"What's for dinner, Sasami?" Tenchi asked while he took off his coat. He had
just came back from helping his grandfather out at the shrine, and was he
ever so hungry.

"The usual Tenchi, it's just left overs from last night. I just added a few
more things to it." Sasami proclaimed.

Everyone was seated now. Washu, of course wasn't at the table. She said she
had a major experiment to work on, and didn't want to be bothered. What
shocked everyone, was that Ryoko wasn't at the table. She had never missed a
meal.

"Where's Ryoko?" Tenchi finally asked.

"Well, last time I saw her Tenchi, she went to her room." Mihoshi replied.

"I better go tell her that dinners ready, I will be back in a sec." Tenchi
got up and walked to Ryoko's room.

Ryoko was laying on her bed watching the rain pour down on her window. She
could only frown at the gloomy weather. Her room was dark and the door was
cracked a little so she would atleast have a little light. Tenchi knocked on
the door lightly and stuck his head in the room.

"Ryoko, time to eat dinner." Tenchi said while he opened the door a little
more.

"Im not hungry." Ryoko was straight forward with the answer.

"Why Ryoko? What's wrong, is there something bothering you?" Tenchi moved
closer to the bed.

"Oh nothing, I just don't understand why you guys don't like me much. I know
im a demon and all, but im still human." Ryoko confesed.

"Ryoko, what are you talking about? We all love you very much." Tenchi said
comfortly.

Ryoko smiled a little. 'There is no need to be all depressed.' Ryoko thought
to herself. She stood up and proceeded to the window.

"I hate the rain," Ryoko glared at the stormy clouds.

"Me too. Come on now Ryoko, or our dinner will be cold." Tenchi stood up and
left the room, followed by Ryoko.

The two sat down next to each other at the dinner table. Ayeka and Mihoshi
were done eating already and now were watching tv. Sasami was cleaning up
around the kitchen and Ryo-ohki was laying down, relaxing on the couch.
Ayeka looked at Tenchi. He and Ryoko were talking amoung themselves.

"So how was your day at school, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.

"You know the usual, I had my final exams today." Tenchi replied, shoving
food in his mouth.

"Do you think you passed them?" Ryoko once again asked a question.

"Of course, they were too easy. I am just reak glad now that I only have a
week left of school now." Tenchi said cheerfully.

Tenchi loved having a decent convesation with Ryoko. They always have gotten
along and enjoyed time with one another. When Ryoko wasn't trying to seduce
Tenchi or anything else, she was really fun to hang out with. She knew how
to enjoy herself.

Ryoko was done with her meal now, and the rain stoped pouring down. Everyone
was getting ready for bed now. Tenchi was pulling out his sheets and he was
ready to hop in bed when he heard a knock on his door.

"Come in," Tenchi said.

It was Ayeka standing in the doorway. She looked really anxious to tell him
something.

"Yes Ayeka, what is it?" Tenchi walked up to her.

"Oh nothing, I just wanted to tell you goodnight and give you a goodnight
hug."

Meanwhile:

Ryoko was comming out of the bathroom and was walking to her room enjoying
her thoughts on what happened today.

'Tenchi and me had a convesation. Maybe Tenchi and I are meant to be
together.' Ryoko was over joyed as she thought to herself. She heard Ayeka's
pressence in the hallway. She listened and watched closely from outside
Tenchi's room.

Ayeka walked up to Tenchi and hugged him, is what Ryoko saw. She also saw
Tenchi hug her back. She couldn't watch anymore. With tears streaming down
her cheeks she ran passed Tenchi's room and into her's.

"Huh? Ryoko, what's wrong with her? Ayeka, goodnight now. Im gonna go check
on Ryoko." Tenchi rushed out of his room.

Ayeka smiled, "He hugged me back. I know me and Tenchi are meant for each
other now." Ayeka left and she went to bed.

In Ryoko's room, Tenchi could hear her crying from the corner of the room.
She was all balled up and pouring her heart out on her knees.

"Ryoko..." Tenchi tried to continue, but was cut off by Ryoko.

"What do you want? Do you wanna hurt me again, well do you?" Ryoko screamed
out at him.

"Ryoko what are you talking about?" Tenchi knew what she meant, she must
have saw him and Ayeka.

"Why don't you go and be with your Ayeka? Just leave me alone. You don't
like me, im just a demon. Im not supposed to have feelings. I could never
find love even if it hit my right in my face." Ryoko kept on crying.

Tenchi walked closer to her, but Ryoko shot an energy ball at him.

"GET OUT!" She screamed for the last time. Tenchi just backed up and opened
the door.

"Im sorry Ryoko, she just hugged me goodnight. It didn't mean anything. Im
sorry I hurt you." With those words he vanished into the hallway leaving the
door shut.

Ryoko just cried herself to sleep. She couldn't bare to lose her one, true
love. She loved Tenchi with all her heart, but she could do nothing if he
didn't share those feelings for her as well.

To Be Continued
-------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: Ok, yes very sad indeed, but I promise it will get happy in
the next chapter. Just so you know, this is a Ryoko and Tenchi fanfic.
Doesn't seem like one now, does it. Well please email me your questions or
comments to cherryblossom124@aol.com. The next chapter will be "Midnight
Dreams" Enjoy!
