Moonlight and Cherryblossoms Chapter 9: Time Passes, People Move On.

Disclaimer: I think you know what I'm gonna say, but just for the record, I
don't own the show! I wish I did, but I don't. So I'm stuck writing Fanfics
instead. All characters are copyrighted by Pioneer (hey, that's a Tenchi
song).

Chapter 9: Time Passes, People Move On

Four months have passed since Kagato attacked the Masaki household. Ever
since that tragic day, everything has been so peaceful. They all have been
getting along, and doing a lot of family stuff. Nothing bad has happened,
and they hope nothing bad will happen in the future. As for everyone now...

Sasami was her usual cheerful self. She was cleaning up the kitchen after
the group chowed down on Sasami's delicious breakfast. Sasami loved to cook
a bunch of food, as long as it was eaten. No need to worry about left overs
when Ryoko is around. She always ate everything from her bowl, and the left
overs, and there was always a lot of that.

Washu was in her lab as always. Lately, she has put her expieriments behind
and spent quality time with everyone. She loved bonding with her daughter,
something they both enjoyed. Ryoko and Washu barely fight anymore. Now, they
play around, and joke with one another, sometimes through links.

Mihoshi took a vacation for awhile. She hated that she missed everything fun
while she was working. So she decided to take a two month vacation. She was
worried that the commissiner would say 'no', but he actually agreed.

Tenchi and Ryoko have also been spending time together. Ryoko helps Tenchi
everyday in the carrot fields. She wakes up bright and early to help Tenchi.
They actually have a fun time pulling carrots out of the ground! Tenchi used
to think it was boring, but now, he enjoys it.

Ayeka, on the other hand, is still upset about the carnival. She wanted to
tell Tenchi how she felt, but she couldn't get the right words to say them.

"Oh, I regret not telling Tenchi sooner, but he seems so... happy with
Ryoko. Maybe it's time for me to move on." Ayeka thought aloud.

Mihoshi was sitting on the opposite side of the couch. She was chowing down
on some chips and sipping soda while watching her favorite cartoon, when she
heard Ayeka say that.

"What do you mean 'move on' Ayeka?" Mihoshi asked.

"Oh, um... er... well good morining Miss Mihoshi." Ayeka tried to avoid the
question.

"Good morning Miss Ayeka. What did you mean by 'move on'? You can tell me."
Mihoshi asked again.

"Oh, nothing." Ayeka stood up and walked away.

"That was weird," Mihoshi began to pay attention to her show again,
"Alright! Go get!"

In the carrot fields:

Ryoko finished the last of the carrots and threw them in the basket. Ryoko
whiped away the sweat above her brow with her dirty hand.

"Oh, I guess I picked up on Tenchi's old habit." Ryoko giggled to herself.

Ryoko was really happy Tenchi let her help out. Usually, he would suggest
she stay at home and do house chores, but Ryoko can handle these tasks
easily.

Ryoko wore a pair of blue jean pants, and a white tank top. It was just
something to work in so she wouldn't get her other good clothes messy.

Suddenly, Ryoko felt a tap on her shoulder. She quickly turned around, but
no one was there. Then, she felt another tap, she turned around again to see
who it was, it was Tenchi.

"Don't do that Tenchi! That scared me." Ryoko put on her serious face.

"I'm sorry Ryoko, I was just joking. I'll remember not to do that again."
Tenchi gave Ryoko a warm smile.

Quickly, Ryoko's frustration disappeared, and she too put on a smile.

"So, what's up?" Ryoko asked grabbing her basket.

Tenchi walked up and grabbed the basket from her, "Nothing much, just
finished bringing my load of carrots to the shed."

"Hey, I can do that." Ryoko whined for her basket back.

"Ryoko, you know I don't like you doing this. I rather you stay in the house
and do chores there." Tenchi started walking to the shed.

"What, are you saying I'm not capable of doing it?" Ryoko stomped her foot
down and tapped it waiting for Tenchi's reply.

"No, I'm just saying that. Ever since you've been helping me, you have been
exhausted all the time. I happen to care about you Ryoko, you're my
girlfriend, and I don't want you to get hurt." Tenchi replied.

"Exhausted?! Whatever. When have I been exhausted, huh, can you tell me?"
Ryoko ran and stopped him in his tracks.

"Ok, let's see, remember about a month a so ago, when you passed out going
up the stairs?" Tenchi confronted her.

"Uh, I was tired that's all." Ryoko tried to think of an excuse.

"No, you weren't. It was because of all this hard work you've been doing out
here. Even Washu has asked you to stop, and you won't," Tenchi set the
basket down and turned Ryoko towards him, "please, will you just stop
helping me here?"

Ryoko looked into his brown eyes. She couldn't help to give in, and him
bringing up that day, a month ago, she actually did want to stop.

"Alright, as long as I can take this load in." Ryoko grabbed the basket.

Tenchi let out a sigh of relieve, he didn't think she would agree, but Ryoko
is full of suprises.

"Alright, now come on and let's get back to the house." Tenchi and Ryoko
then started walking back to the house side by side.

Back at the house:

Tenchi and Ryoko walked in the house. Ryoko quickly moved to the house and
layed down.

"Ryoko, are you ok?" Tenchi rushed over to her.

"Yeah, just tired." Ryoko responded.

"See, now what did I tell you. Do you need anything?" Tenchi asked concerned
for her.

"Could you get me some water?" Ryoko asked.

"Sure thing." Tenchi walked into the kitchen.

Ryoko closed her eyes and fell asleep fast. In her dreams, Ryoko saw a
figure with a long, black hair down to her waist. She had on a cloak to
cover her outfit. She turned and looked at Ryoko. Her eyes glowed red and
starred at Ryoko. Ryoko gasped as she attempted to move, but she was frozen.
The figure moved closer and held up her hand. Suddenly, Ryoko was frozen!
Ice started forming on her legs, then her arms, then finally her neck.

"Ahh! W-who are you?" Ryoko asked.

"Ryoko..." A vague, fimilar voice said, then it got louder, "Ryoko..."

"Huh, what, who?" Ryoko was confused.

"RYOKO...." Tenchi said shaking Ryoko.

"Huh? Oh, hey Tenchi." Ryoko said then sat up.

"Ryoko, what happened?" Tenchi asked.

"I just fell asleep, why?" Ryoko grabbed her water from his hands.

"Nothing, in particular." Tenchi sat down next to her.

Ayeka walked down the steps, and saw Tenchi.

"Tenchi, I-I wanted to talk to you... alone." Ayeka said from the stairway.

"Oh, Miss Ayeka, is there something wrong?" Tenchi asked.

"Oh, nothing really, I just wanted to speak to you in private." Ayeka
signaled him to come to her room.

"Um, I'll be right back Ryoko." Tenchi pecked a kiss on her cheek and ran up
the stairs to the princess's room.

"Hmmm, I suspect something fishy." Ryoko thought to herself.

In Ayeka's room:

Tenchi walked into the room and saw Ayeka sitting on her bed with her hands
in her lap. She stood up when Tenchi entered.

"Tenchi, I wanted to ask you something... again." Ayeka grabbed his hand,
"Do you love Ryoko?" Ayeka asked.

"Not this again. Yes, I love Ryoko more then anything." Tenchi replied.

"But Tenchi, If you were with me, you would have everything you wanted. Why
not choose me?" Ayeka pleaded with him.

"But, Ayeka, I do have everything. I have Ryoko, and that's all I need."
Tenchi released his hand from her's.

"I see, then, I will go home." Ayeka turned away from him.

"No! You can't. Please stay here. I'm sorry things didn't work out for us,
but you are still my friend." Tenchi tried to convince her to stay.

"No, you followed your heart, and I wasn't the one you chose. There is no
need for me to stay. I will not change my mind. I already talked to my
father, he will send a ship first thing tomorrow. I will anounce my decision
at dinner." Ayeka walked towards the door.

"And what about Sasami? I know she doesn't want to leave." Tenchi said.

"I completely understand this, but it isn't her decision. If I go, she
goes." Ayeka left the room heartbroken.

Tenchi stood in the middle of the room feeling awful.

"I should have done something. It's all my fault." Tenchi said feeling
remorse.

"It's not your fault. It was her decision." Ryoko stood in the doorway.

"Ryoko?" Tenchi looked up and saw his girlfriend.

"But, Sasami, she should have a say in this, but she doesn't," Ryoko walked
over to Tenchi and wrapped her hands around his neck, "come on, dinner's
ready."

"Alright, let's go, and eat." Tenchi replied.

"This is going to be Sasami's last meal for us, you know," Ryoko said
walking out of the room, "So, remember to eat up."

Dinner table:

"WHAT!?" Washu, Mihoshi, and Sasami screamed after hearing Ayeka's decision.

"No way Sister, you can't." Sasami pleaded.

"I am, And you are coming with me." Ayeka picked up her chopsticks.

"Why? Don't I get a choice?" Sasami was furious, "I want to stay."

"You can't! You must returned with me!" Ayeka snapped.

"But, I don't want to." Sasami stood up, "you can't make me."

Ayeka walked over to her and slaped her on her face. Everyone gasped in
shock.

"Ouch, that hurt." Sasami began to cry.

"Serves you right for talking back. You weren't raised that way." Ayeka sat
back down.

Ryoko had enough, she scooted over to Sasami and hugged her.

"Ryoko, what are you doing? Get away from Sasami." Ayeka demanded.

"You've gone too far Ayeka. Sasami didn't deserve that, she was speaking her
mind, which she was taught to." Ryoko responded.

Ayeka grumbled, "Shut up! Monster woman, you stole Tenchi from me! I will
never forgive you." She walked over to Ryoko and slapped her in the face
also.

"Ayeka! Stop this right now." Tenchi ran over to Ryoko.

"No, get back Tenchi. I will destroy this demon who brainwashed you!" Ayeka
formed her miniture logs.

"Ayeka, what are you talking about? Ryoko didn't brainwash me! I chose her
and not you, so get over it." Tenchi stood in front of Ryoko to protect her.

"That's right, you chose her. Don't you see, she made you do that." Ayeka
kept going.

"No! I chose Ryoko on my own free will, because I love her more then
anything." Tenchi replied.

Ayeka sat down. She looked at everyone, and became embarresed becasue of her
actions.

"I'm sorry. I will go to my room now." Ayeka got up and ran off.

Tenchi knelt down to Ryoko and gently touched her face.

"I'm sorry Ryoko." Tenchi said.

"Why should you be sorry, I should be the one to apologize." Ryoko said.

"Ryoko, I love you." Tenchi embraced her in a hug.

"I love you too, Tenchi." Ryoko hugged him back.

Mihoshi, Washu, and Sasami all smiled and 'aw'ed at this.

Later that night:

Ayeka layed in her bed sobbing to herself. She heard a light knock on her
door.

"Go away, I don't want to talk." Ayeka lifted her head from her pillow.

"It's me." Ryoko answered.

"This better be good," Ayeka said, "Come in."

Ryoko walked in and stood at the foot of Ayeka's bed.

"Look, I'm sorry this all happened. I know you really liked Tenchi but-"
Ryoko was cut short.

"No need to apologize Ryoko. I should apologize for my actions. I'm sorry. I
guessed I only liked Tenchi to fulfil my inner most desires, or to replace
Yosho, since he is his grandson. Ah, but I lost to you, fair in square. You
won his heart, and I will return to Jurai to fulfill my duty as Princess."
Ayeka put our her hand, "Friends?"

Ryoko shook hands with her rival, "friends."

"Alright then, I'm tired now. I have to get up early in the morning now, so
I will see you then." Ayeka laid back down and fell asleep.

Ryoko smiled and left the room, "Goodnight, Ayeka."

The next morning:

Sasami and Ayeka were waiting on their father's spaceship to arrive.

"I don't want to go Ayeka!" Sasami said crying and hugging everyone.

"I know, but it wasn't my decision to bring you back. Father said if I come
back, then so should you." Ayeka hugged her sister.

"You will visit, right?" Mihoshi asked.

"Yes, my father said we could." Ayeka smiled at Mihoshi.

"Hey, look the ship is here." Washu pointed up at the sky.

"Alright now, this is it, Sasami. Say your good byes." Ayeka told her
sister.

Sasami went around and hugged everyone.

"I will miss you all. Take good care of Ryo-ohki, Ryoko." Sasami hugged her
little cabbit companion.

"Meow meow." Ryo-ohki hugged back.

"Goodbye Sasami, we will miss you cooking." Mihoshi said waving.

"Goodbye everyone, and thank you Tenchi for everything. We will be back."
With that Sasami got on the ship.

Ayeka looked at everyone and hugged them all.

"Goodbye, Tenchi, Washu, Mihoshi, Ryo-ohki, and my new friend, Ryoko." Ayeka
shedded a tear.

"Take care, Ayeka." Ryoko waved to her.

"I will. Bye!" Ayeka waved back and boarded the spaceship.

It then vanished into the big, puffy clouds and onto space.

"Gosh, I'm going to miss them." Washu walked back into the house.

"Me too." Mihoshi followed.

"So, Ryoko, you and Ayeka are friends?" Tenchi asked.

"Yep, we talked last night." Ryoko walked into the house.

"Sure is going to be quite without them here." Tenchi thought to himself,
then looked into the sky for a moment and walked in.

To Be Continued.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's Notes: Well, that's it. Ayeka and Sasami returned home. The next
chapter will be "Shop to you... drop."  Thanks, bye!

Site updates: Just incase anyone here cares, I have some new info on my
site. Cherry Blossoms: Ryoko's Tears is now Promise. The new address is:
promise.issweet.net

And my Tenchi and Ryoko site is now: tenchiryoko.iscute.com

Thanks, bye!
