Moonlight and Cherryblossoms Chapter 6: Tears of Mine.

Disclaimer: I did not create Tenchi, nor do I own it.

Chapter 6: Tears of Mine

Ryoko glared at Kagato for moments. She wished he would just leave her alone
so she and Tenchi could have a normal life together. But no, he would come
back for her everytime, so she would have a miserable life. She had so much
contempt for him, if only Tenchi were here.

Mihoshi stood next to Ryoko, and held her arm tightly. She was frightened at
the evil man, but she knew she had to protect Ryoko. It was her duty as a
Galaxy Police officer to. Mihoshi looked up at Ryoko and saw that look in
her eyes. She knew she was also scared.

"Well, are you gonna fight me Ryoko, or have you given up yet." Kagato
laughed.

"No! I haven't gotten started yet." Ryoko grinned.

>From a distance, Ryoko heard Tenchi's voice.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled, and now he was emerging.

"Tenchi!!" Ryoko yelled back, now she wasn't scared anymore.

She knew Tenchi would be the one to save Mihoshi and her. Kagato looked at
Tenchi and then at Ryoko.

"Oh no, That boy again. O-well I will just take his precious Ryoko, again."
Kagato mummbled to himself.

"Ryoko, are you ok? What did he do to you?" Tenchi said with a hint of
anger.

"I'm fine Tenchi." Ryoko said with a sigh of relief that Tenchi was now here
to protect her.

"Kagato! You think you can just come back here and ruin our lives, it's not
gonna happen!" Tenchi screamed at Kagato.

"Oh, I would never do that to you. I just came here to take back what is
mine." Kagato grinned.

"What are you talking about?" Tenchi asked.

"Ryoko, of course. She belongs to me!" Kagato used his powers to freeze
Ryoko in her spot and lifted her into the air next to him.

"RYOKO! Leave her alone, she doesn't belong to anyone. Let her go now!"
Tenchi yelled back for him to give her back.

"T-tenchi" Ryoko struggled to get out.

"Kagato, leave her alone!" Tenchi pulled out Tenchi-ken.

"Ah, that sword. It brought me so much pain, but now you will be the one in
pain. If you want Ryoko back, come to my ship... if you dare." Kagato
disappeared with Ryoko back to his ship, the Soja.

"Ryoko!! Noooo!" Tenchi fell to his knees, "if only I was here sooner, I
should have protected her."

"It's not your fault Tenchi. I am a Galaxy Police officer, I should have
protected her, but instead I was too scared." Mihoshi patted his shoulder.

Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, and Washu came running up to them.

"I felt his presence, is everyone ok?" Washu asked.

"No, he took Ryoko with him." Tenchi said standing up.

"Oh no, what are we gonna do?" Sasami asked.

"We're going to go get her back." Tenchi replied.

"Right, I'm going with you." Ayeka said.

"Me too." Mihoshi stated.

"Can I come too?" Sasami asked.

"No you better stay here with Washu, we don't want you to get hurt." Tenchi
replied.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi is right, we will bring Ryoko back safely." Ayeka agreed.

"Then it's settled. Ryo-ohki, let's go." Tenchi demanded.

The three of them boarded Ryo-ohki to rescue Ryoko.

"Take care, and come back safely with my Little Ryoko." Washu said while
waving goodbye.

Meanwhile:

In The Soja, Ryoko was sealed inside a capsule shaped like a time glass. She
hears the faint sound of music. She glances up for a second to see Kagato
playing the organ.

"Kagato, you monster!" Ryoko screamed from the top of her lungs, but it
seems he didn't hear her, so he continued to play.

"Don't ignore me!" She demanded his attention, but he kept playing.

"You don't have to scream at me, Ryoko." Kagato stopped playing.

Ryoko struggled to get out, but all was in vain. She was trapped inside some
sort of gooey substance.

"You can try as much as you want, but you won't get out." Kagato moved over
and sat down in his throne.

"Why won't you just leave me alone!" Ryoko confronted him.

"Because you belong to me." Kagato replied.

Ryoko was appalled by his answer. Never in her life has she ever witness
such a vile man.

"I don't belong to anyone. I am not your slave!" Ryoko sheaded a tear.

Kagato was disgusted by the thought of seeing Ryoko cry. He hated seeing
others show emotion.

He smiled grimly, and snapped his fingers. Suddenly, Ryoko felt a strong,
painful shock from her prison.

"AHHH!" Ryoko screamed.

"Haha! That's what you get for showing emotions, demon." Kagato laughed.

Ryoko remained clam though. She knew she couldn't do anything from where she
was, and getting mad at him would only mean that she would probably get
shocked again. It wasn't a pleasent feeling.

"Now, let's see who's comming for you." Kagato snapped his fingers again and
a monitor appeared.

On the monitor was Ryo-ohki comming towards the Soja.

"Ah, doesn't this seem like dejavu?" Kagato said.

Then Ryoko remember what happened last time Tenchi tried to rescue her from
Kagato. He was killed. Thankfully, Tsunami used her powers to reveive him.

"No! Leave Tenchi alone." Ryoko demanded, then sheaded more tears.

Luckly, Kagato wasn't paying any attention to her at that time.

Meanwhile:

"When are we gonna get there, Mihoshi?" Ayeka was concerned for her new
friend, Ryoko.

"Well give me a sec, will ya?" Mihoshi was sitting in the nice, comfty,
floating chair Ryoko sits in when she is controling Ryo-ohki.

She was trying to control Ryo-ohki, but the spaceship wouldn't listen to
Mihoshi's commands.

Tenchi on the other hand, was more worried about Ryoko's safety.

"Look, there it is, the Soja!" Tenchi pointed at the ship.

The group looked at the ship with determination in their eyes. They all
wanted Ryoko back, even Ayeka. Since Ryoko and Tenchi have been together,
Ayeka finally came to her senses and became friends with Ryoko. She knew
that Tenchi didn't love her like he did with Ryoko and now she finally has
realized that.

"Look! He is letting us in!" Mihoshi stood up.

"Well, it seems he wants us to come, let's go girls." Tenchi said.

Ryo-ohki boarded on the port, and the gang got out and headed towards
Kagato's lair.

Back in the lair:

Ryoko was concentrating on the monitor, but Kagato snapped his fingers and
*poof* it was gone.

"It seems they are comming for you now." Kagato stood up.

Kagato noticed that Ryoko refrained her tears. He just turned away and
walked to his organ. He started playing the same song as before.

"Let him come. I don't care. He will pay for what he did to me! He sent me
to another dimension for a long time. But if thinks I am gonna be easy this
time, he's wrong. I have gotten stronger!" Kagato argued with himself.

Ryoko bit her lip. She was worried that Tenchi wouldn't win this time. She
never doubted Tenchi, but this time was an exception.

Kagato's organ playing could be heard from the corridor that Tenchi and the
girls where in.

"I hear that music, it must be him." Ayeka said.

"Yes, it is him." Tenchi and Ayeka ran towards the end of the corridor.

"Hey guys, where are you going?" Mihoshi asked, oblivious to what just
happened.

She ran after them and finally caught up. Tenchi pushed on the huge door and
it opened slowly. There, he saw Kagato playing the organ and by his throne
was the imprisoned Ryoko.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi ran up to the time glass-like prison.

"Tenchi, no!" Ryoko yelled at him to get back, but too late.

Tenchi touched the glass and was shocked badly.

"AHHH!" Tenchi screamed and fell backwards.

"No! Tenchi." Ryoko tried to get lose, but she couldn't.

"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka screamed and ran towards him.

Kagato stood up and faced them.

"Haha! If you think you can get her out that way, then think again! The only
way you can free Ryoko is to kill me!!" Kagato yelled and summoned his
sword.

"Alright then, this should be easy." Tenchi pulled out Tenchi-ken.

"Think again. All that time I spent in that other dimension, I have became
more powerful!" Kagato charged at Tenchi.

Tenchi pulled up Tenchi-ken to protect himself from Kagato's attack.

"Alright girls, stand back!" Tenchi yelled out to protect them.

Mihoshi and Ayeka ran off to the corner of Kagato's lair to protect
themselves from the battle.

"We have to do something, Miss Ayeka." Mihoshi pulled out her blaster.

"Wait, we should concentrate on freeing Ryoko. She is the only one who can
help Tenchi defeat Kagato." Ayeka said.

"Well, Kagato said the only way to free Ryoko was to kill him." Mihoshi
replied.

Ayeka formed a sweatdrop on her head.

"Ayeka... Ayeka." Mihoshi tapped her on her shoulder.

"What!" Ayeka snapped.

Mihoshi began to wail, "*sniff sniff* I just wanted to know what to do."

"I am trying to think, Mihoshi." Ayeka told the Galaxy Police officer.

"Well, have you thought of something yet?" Mihoshi asked.

Ayeka was silent. She was trying to think of a way to free Ryoko, without
getting involed with the fight.

Mihoshi started to bite her nails, "Ayeka, we have to save them."

Ayeka nodded her head, but she was still concentrating on freeing Ryoko.

Meanwhile:

Tenchi jumped back to avoid Kagato's strike.

"Blast him, the young prince of Jurai." Kagato mummbled.

Tenchi wipped the blood from his mouth, and charged at Kagato.

"Take this!" Tenchi screamed while in the air.

Tenchi hit Kagato while he was oblivious to Tenchi.

"AHHH!" Kagato backed up and held his side, "well then, I can say you have
improved, but..." Kagato stopped and looked at Ryoko, "you would surrender
if I place Ryoko on the line."

"You leave her out of this, you have already done enough!" Tenchi proceeded
to Kagato.

Kagato held his hand in the air signaling Tenchi to stop.

"Give up or else." Kagato moved his hand to where Ryoko was imprisioned.

Ryoko gasped, "Tenchi, no don't surrender. I don't want to see you killed."

Kagato faced Tenchi, "You have exactly 3 minutes, make up your mind young
prince of Jurai...."

To be Continued

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: I'm sorry *hides under bed* I had to stop it here, I had to.
I was way behind on my schedule. Usually I can get a fanic up in one week,
but I have been so busy on my site and all. Well I haven't really thought of
a title for the next chapter. I really hope I can get rid of Kagato in the
next Chapter. It's so hard to write good stories these days. Anyway, keep
reading and enjoy!!

Check out my site: cbrt.issweet.net