Moonlight and Cherryblossoms Chapter 5: The Sins of Time.

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi! (How many times do I have to write this ¬¬;)

Chapter 5: The Sins of Time

The birds were chirping loudly, the usual wake up call. But Tenchi and Ryoko
stayed asleep together. It felt like eternity since they have been together
as a couple, but it was only a day or more. Every moment they spent together
was like heaven to both of them. But now, Kagato was returning, and all they
could do was to wait. Time is the most precious thing you have, and to waste
it on someone like Kagato is like throwing minutes away from your life, oh
the sins of time...

"Good morning everyone." Sasami sounded cheerful every morning.

"Ugh, I am soooooo tired." Mihoshi wailed.

Mihoshi had returned home this morning around 2 a.m. So she didn't have time
to get much rest.

"I am so tired, Sasami. I want to go to sleeeep." Mihoshi quickly dozed off
on the table.

"Ah! Mihoshi, wake up, wake UP!" Sasami yelled.

"Good morning, sister." Ayeka walked in and noticed Mihoshi drooling on the
table, "Eck, we aren't eating here, are we?"

"I'm sorry sis, but Mihoshi got back early this morning, and she is real
tired." Sasami help Mihoshi up and navigated her to her room.

Ayeka walked out and sat on the couch. She wanted to catch the morning run
of her favorite soap operas, "Kiss Me Softly."

Meanwhile:

Tenchi rolled over and his hand swung over and hit Ryoko's arm, but Ryoko
didn't flinch. It seemed she was having a horrible nightmare.

In Ryoko's nightmare, Kagato was killing Tenchi. Ryoko couldn't move, or she
would have saved him. She screamed and cried for him to leave Tenchi alone,
but he ignored her request.

"TENCHI!" Ryoko screamed with her voice reverberating throughout the room.

"Ryoko, what's wrong?" Tenchi rubbed his eyes, and wrapped his arm around
Ryoko.

"I just had a really bad dream, that's all." Ryoko looked down at the floor.

"What was this dream about?" Tenchi was concerned.

"Kagato h-he killed you." Ryoko began sobbing, "what if it comes true?"

Tenchi cupped his hands gently on her cheeks. They began to stare deeply
into each others, like staring at their souls. Tenchi slowly moved forward
and kissed her delicately on the lips.

Ryoko, still infused with the horrible feelings of Tenchi dying, was
actually enjoying this and wished now time would stop for them.

"Ryoko, I will never let Kagato kill me, or even lay one finger on you.
Ryoko, I love you so much." Tenchi said with a vehemently tone.

Ryoko was now moved to the point of tears. She and Tenchi embraced in a
tender hug. Ryoko's tears gathered one Tenchi's shoulder, but it didn't vex
him a bit. All that mattered to him was to keep his precious Ryoko save from
Kagato.

"Tenchi," Ryoko wipped her tears away, "let's go get something to eat, ok."

Tenchi smiled and he and Ryoko hopped out of bed and got dressed. They
headed down the stairs to the kitchen, where everyone was already finished
eating.

"Oh, good morning you two. I'm sorry, but you both missed breakfast this
morning." Sasami said.

"Oh, no extras?" Ryoko asked.

"Of course there are extras!" Sasami hands Tenchi and Ryoko there breakfast,
then winks.

"Tenchi, come on let's eat!" Ryoko clapped her hands together and started
chowing down.

Tenchi and Ryoko sat down and began to eat. They both were so ravenous
(Extremely Hungry), as if Sasami had never cooked for them.

Later:

Tenchi was working in the carrot fields, as usual. He had a sublime
breakfast with Ryoko. Although, his thoughts weren't on picking the carrots
out of the ground, they were on much worse things, Kagato.

Tenchi could feel an eerie feeling comming from the onsen. He also thought
Ryoko might be indanger.

"Wait! Ryoko is at the onsen, I better get down there now!" Tenchi drop his
paraphenial (Equipment) and hurried to the onsen.

Meanwhile:

At the onsen, Ryoko was relaxing, oblivious to what was going on around her.
Of course she wasn't the only one there. Mihoshi was with her, trying to
wake up from working so late. She had to stay up all night to write a report
for the Galaxy Police. Ryoko respected her for that. She thought of Mihoshi
being a hard working woman, which she is. She admired the fact that she can
stay up so late, and continue with her job in the morning despite being
tired. Ryoko turned and smiled at Mihoshi.

"So Mihoshi, why did they call you back to H.Q?" Ryoko asked.

"Well, I usually go back every once and a while to do my report." Mihoshi
said.

Ryoko averted to the side and stared into the deep blue sky. Then a feeling
of unsecurity. Suddenly, Ryoko became aware of everything around her, but
Mihoshi stayed lucid.

"What's going on Ryoko?" Mihoshi said with a worried look on her face.

"I feel something." Ryoko said tremling.

Ryoko suddenly jumped at the sound of an explosion from the onsen. Mihoshi
was holding tightly to Ryoko's arm, but Ryoko didn't fight her off. She was
concentrating on the figure in the smoke. When the dark, smoke cleared, the
figure standing before her was none other then, Kagato.

"Ah, here you are, Ryoko." He said with an evil grin.

"Wait! Kagato you're dead. How can you be alive?" Mihoshi said
dumbfoundedly.

"Haha! Ah, I see you need a Galaxy Police to protect you Ryoko." Kagato said
tantalizing her.

"Shut up! I can take care of myself. Mihoshi stand back!" Ryoko charged at
him with full strength.

Kagato moved quickly out of the way from her attack.

"Oh, you can do better then that, Haha!" Kagato mocked her.

Ryoko was now furious. She always hated that attitude Kagato showed.

Mihoshi was in the background watching the combat.

"Oh, what should I do? I have to help Ryoko!" The young officer said quietly
to herself.

Then Mihoshi pulled out her blaster and shot Kagato in the back from behind.

"Hahahah! Oh please, you really can't hurt me with, a blaster!" Kagato tried
to refrain himself from laughing, but couldn't help it and he let out an
outburst of laughter.

"Hey! That's not funny Mr. Criminal!" Mihoshi said with that tone of voice,
and Ryoko now knew that she was angry.

Kagato stopped laughing, and turned to Mihoshi.

"Yes, you are right, it's not funny. It's hillarious!" Kagato started to
laugh at his own joke.

"Oooh, you mean man! Y-you are gonna pay." Mihoshi stomped her foot.

Ryoko meanwhile, was sitting there thinking of what she should do next. Then
it came to her, she needs to attack when his defenses are down, and this was
the perfect timing.

Ryoko suddenly got up and rushed over to him and shot an energy bolt
straight at him.

"Ahhh!" Kagato screamed, but it didn't phase him much, "you have to try
HARDER Ryoko!"

Ryoko glared into is evil eyes. Fear crept inside of her, but she didn't
show it. All she wanted now was to be with Tenchi. She wanted this to be all
over, but why WHY did he, Kagato come back. Was this her fate, to be a slave
to Kagato all her life, and to be tormented. No! She would never let herself
be a slave to him again, never.

"Have you giving up now?" Kagato chuckled.

Ryoko was now infused with fury. She wanted to just ripped his head off and
step on it. A little too violent, but that's how she liked it.

Ryoko grinned, revealing a bit of her fangs, "Oh no, I haven't gotten
started yet."

To Be Continued

--------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: Well finally it's finished. I'm so happy! Anyway, I think
this one is my best ever! What do you think? I have no clue myself what's in
store for the next chapter so just keep reading. Email me your questions or
comments. Thanks for reading!
My Ryoko site: cbrt.issweet.net
My Tenchi and Ryoko site: tenko.iscute.com
