Moonlight and Cherry Blossoms: My Dreams of You Are
Shattered.

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi, nor did I create it.

Chapter 4: My Dreams of You Are Shattered

Ayeka was in her room crying and pouring her heart out
onto her pillow. She couldn't believe Tenchi didn't choose
her, but Ryoko instead.

"Why didn't Tenchi choose me. Why doesn't he want to be
with me." Ayeka sobbed.

Meanwhile:

Washu was working harder then usual. She was typing away
at her keyboard when a buzzer sound went off.

"No! Not now!" Washu jumped up from her seat. Washu ran
out of her lab to tell the others her discovery.

In the living room, Ryoko was laying her head on Tenchi's
chest. Mihoshi was watching her favorite show, "Space
Police Police Men." And Sasami was washing off the tables.
Washu barged in without any warning and made Ryoko jump
off Tenchi.

"What's your problem, Washu?" Ryoko asked.

"First, you can call me mom, to everyone else, I am
reffered to as 'Lil Washu'. And my problem is that
something evil is comming." Washu replied.

"Something evil?!" Tenchi said worried.

"Do I need to repeat myself, yes something evil." Washu
responded.

Ryoko, Tenchi and Mihoshi crowded around Washu. 

"Tell us Miss Washu, who is it?" Mihoshi asked curiously.

"Well... Ryoko might not want to hear it." Washu said
concerned for her daughter.

"Tell us Was- uh, I mean Mom." Ryoko corrected herself.

"Ok then, it's Kagato." Washu said sternly.

Ryoko's eyes widened. It was like a thousands knives were
stabbing her in her heart all at once. She froze where she
was standing holding her heart.

"No, it can't be. What kind if joke is this Washu?" Ryoko
stated.

"Im sorry Ryoko, I am not joking, this is serious." Washu
went to comfort her.

"Ryoko, it's gonna be ok." Tenchi wrapped his arms around
her shoulders.

"Miss Washu, I thought Tenchi killed Kagato." Mihoshi
asked another question.

"That's what we all thought, but it seems he was only sent
to another dimension other then being destroyed." Washu
replied.

Ryoko was still in complete shock. She couldn't stand the
fact that he was still alive, and comming back for her.

"What can we do to stop this?" Tenchi asked.

"Nothing, just wait till he comes, then destroy him
again." Washu stated, "I'm going back into my lab, I will
be in some serious work, don't desturb me unless Kagato is
here."

Washu quickly turned and ran into her lab. Mihoshi's
galaxy police watch went off soon after.

"Oh, no! I have to go back to headquarters, please be
careful you two." Mihoshi pulled out her control cube. She
turned it and vanished before Tenchi and Ryoko's eyes.

"Ryoko, we have to tell Ayeka and Sasami, I will go talk
to them. Stay right here." Tenchi looked at Ryoko. She
hasn't moved except for walking over to the couch.

He loved her too much just to let her sit and stay in her
melancholy state. But there was nothing he could do until
he finished telling Ayeka about the news.

Meanwhile:

Ayeka was now tranquiled. She wasn't crying, just wiping
her few remaining tears away. She was still heartbroken
but able to move on with her life. She did love Tenchi,
but she realized that she didn't love him as much as Ryoko
did.

"I must stop this nonsense. I should congradulate them
both." Ayeka stood up and rubbed the wrinkles out of her
dress.

Just then, Tenchi knock on the door gently. 

"Ayeka, do you wanna talk?" He asked caringly.

"Yes, please," Ayeka answered.

"I have some bad news-" 

Ayeka interupted, "You mean more bad news!"

"I'm sorry Ayeka, but we have to put our emotional issues
aside right now, Kagato has returned." Tenchi stated.

"What?!" Ayeka was motionless.

"I hated hearing it too, but there is nothing I can do."
Tenchi gave a warm smile, and extended his hand, "we are
still friends?" 

Ayeka returned the smile, "Of course."

Meanwhile:

Ryoko was squriming around on the couch, attempting to get
comfortable.

"I hate this! Why do these things always happen to me?"
Ryoko mummbled under her breath. Ryoko shivered at the
thought of Kagato. 

Tenchi and Ayeka made their way down the steps. Ayeka saw
Ryoko sitting on the couch, and approached her.

"Ryoko... I'm sorry for my rude behavior earlier." Ayeka
said apoligizing.

"Oh, hey princess, look it's ok, I would have reacted the
same." Ryoko said.

"Are we friends now? No more fighting, you won." Ayeka
held her hand out for Ryoko to shake.

"Uh, yeah sure." Ryoko was unsure if this was a trick, or
Ayeka was being honest.

Both of the girls shook hands. Tenchi was quite pleased
with Ayeka's reaction. He thought she would have gone back
to Jurai, but she actually didn't, and that was what
shocked him.

Later that night:

Ryoko was quietly resting under the cherry blossom tree.
She still had that eerie feeling she had when she
discovered Kagato is comming back, maybe even for her.

She really wished things wouldn't be this way. Finally
when she had won Tenchi's heart, Kagato, her old
tormenter, was going to shatter her dreams of her and
Tenchi. Though she could do nothing, she still prayed
Washu could come up with something, anything.

Suddenly, Ryoko looked upon the stars in the sky, and
noticed a space ship, sorta like the Soja. The former
space pirate rose to her feet and glared deeply at it.

'Washu, hey you there?' Ryoko said through her link with
Washu.

'Yes dear, what is it?' Washu replied.

'I thought I saw the Soja.' Ryoko stated in a worried way.

'Ok, thank you for telling me. Hurry up and get to the
house.' Washu demanded.

'Okie dokie then' Then Ryoko cut off the link and flew to
the house.

Meanwhile:

Tenchi was in the kitchen helping Sasami with the dishes.

"Thank you, Tenchi." Sasami smiled.

"You welcome, now remember not to stay up too late."
Tenchi said, sounded like her father.

"I won't I won't." Sasami frowned.

Ryoko walked into the kitchen looking for Tenchi.

"Ah, there you are." Ryoko motioned to the living room and
walked out.

"Uh, well I'm gonna talk to Ryoko now, Sasami." Tenchi
said and followed Ryoko's lead.

Ryoko saved him a nice, warm seat on the couch next to
her.

"Ryoko, is there something wrong?" Tenchi asked concerned
for his girlfriend.

"Oh not at all, I just wanted to spend sometime with you."
Ryoko put a big smile on her beautiful face.

Tenchi couldn't help but smile back. Tenchi gently rubbed
her hand with his. Ryoko blushed a bit.

"Ryoko, you have made my life so wonderful." Tenchi said
letting go of her hand.

"Same here, my Tenchi." Ryoko reply.

"I'm just real glad Ayeka didn't take it that hard."
Tenchi began.

"Me too, I thought she would leave us, Tenchi," Ryoko
looked away, "I know I would have if you chose anyone
else. I wouldn't be able to take all that pain." 

"Ryoko! Don't you ever say that. Don't ever say you will
leave me." Tenchi's voice began to rise.

"Tenchi, I'm scared, what if Kagato comes while we are
sleeping tonight." Ryoko quickly changed the subject to
something important rather then getting Tenchi mad. 

"I thought you weren't scared of anything." Tenchi started
to tease.

Ryoko glared at him, and then punched him playfully in the
arm.

"Please, you aren't making things better by teaseing me
like that" Ryoko frowned.

"You right, I'm sorry. Trying to make you feel better,"
Tenchi looked at her, knowing she felt horrible. He
decided to attempt something else.

"You can sleep in my room tonight. If you want of course."
Tenchi offered.

Ryoko looked at him for a second, "You aren't joking, are
you?"

"Nope, I'm serious. I will stay up and watch the house."
Tenchi replied.

"Well if you want me too, I guess I will, but I don't want
you up all night. Tomorrow you will be too tired." Ryoko
has always wanted to sleep in Tenchi's bed, and to make it
better, with him in it.

Just then, Washu walked out of her lab. She hasn't came
out since she told everyone the bad news.

"Washu?!" Tenchi and Ryoko both said together.

"Oh hey, sorry to interrupt. I over heard you convosation,
and i just think that you both should get lots of sleep. I
will be monotoring for Kagato," Washu said and walked into
the kitchen, "Boy am I starving!"

"Well Tenchi, you heard her, let's get some sleep." Ryoko
trouted up the staircase.

Tenchi smiled at her, and proceeded to his bedroom. Washu
stood by her door to the lab and watch Tenchi follow
Ryoko. Tenchi turned and looked at Washu give him a big
grin, then watch her go into her lab.

Meanwhile:

In Tenchi's bedroom, Ryoko was too nervous to get in the
bed, much worse to stand in the room.

"Maybe, I should just go." Ryoko turned around to leave
his bedroom, but Tenchi was standing there in the doorway.

"Ryoko, where are you going?" Tenchi asked walking towards
her, "Oh I see, you are nervous. Don't worry about that
Ryoko." 

Ryoko blushed, "Are you sure, I don't want to be a
burden."

Tenchi took off his t-shirt, and put on a green night
shirt, "Not at all, we are a couple now. Let's start
acting like one."

Ryoko nodded in agreement. Ryoko has always wanted to do
this, so it's now or never. Ryoko materilized into her
nighty, which consists of a long white t-shirt with a
teddy bear in the middle. She skiped over to the bed and
layed down. Tenchi smiled as he turned off the lights and
hopped in bed next to Ryoko.

"You know what, Tenchi." Ryoko rolled over towards her
boyfriend.

"What, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"I love you so much, my Tenchi" She said soothingly.

"I love you too, my Ryoko." Tenchi turned towards Ryoko
and planted a kiss on her cheek, "Goodnight Ryoko."

"Goodnight, Tenchi." They both became silent and quickly
fell asleep. 

Both of them knew that Kagato will be comming shortly, but
when was the question.

To Be Continued

--------------------------------------------------------------
Author's notes: Well I hope you liked it! I know I said
Kagato will be in this one, but hey things change. The
next chapter will be "The Sins of Time." Don't asked me
about the title, I just thought it sounded real pretty.
Email me your questions. Thanx for reading.