***********************W*A*R*N*I*N*G************************
NOTE: This fanfic contains spoilers that pertain to the
second Tenchi Muyo! movie, Manatsu no Eve (Midsummer's Eve),
or as it's called here in America, Daughter of Darkness.
Thanks for reading!
***********PLEASE*C&C,*MST(!),*WHATEVER!*PLEASE!************

Tenchi Muyo! (C) 1998 AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc. * Tenchi Muyo
Committee

------------------------------------------------------------
                        Presenting-
    An original Tenchi Muyo! Manatsu no Eve Continuation
             by: Mark Eymer (saotome@micron.net)

                Tenchi Muyo! Manatsu no Yume:
                         Chapter 1
------------------------------------------------------------

        The darkness clouding the room gave way to a faint,
green glow emanating from a tube-like structure at the
center of it. A large, glass cylinder lay between a pair of
metallic restraints, built into the ceiling and floor. Some
strange object floated on the inside of this cylinder,
gaining a measure of buoancy from the liquid housed within.

        As Washu looked upon the cylinder, a small grin,
illuminated by the eerie glow, spread across her face. Yes,
it was almost finished. A month of research, analysis, and
careful cultivation was coming together right before her
eyes.

        Washu had originally brought Mayuka back as a baby,
hoping she could circumvent the problem of maturing her to
the point she had been at. However, everyone had missed the
Mayuka they had known. Washu included. The baby Mayuka was
cute and was well loved by all... but something was missing.
She wasn't the Mayuka they had known. And so, Washu had
taken it upon herself to artificially mature Mayuka, as well
as restore her memories.

        Washu cast a simple smile at the being within the
cylindrical tank. "It's almost time, Mayuka. Are you ready
to come back?"

        A jewel embedded within the collar bone of the being
pulsed in response...

-------------------------

        Sunlight filtered through the trees of the country
around the Masaki residence. Under such a tree one, Tenchi
Masaki by name, could be seen relaxing in the shade the tree
provided. Sighing wistfully he opened his eyes and looked up
at the sky before him.

        It's such a peaceful day, he thought to himself. The
carrot field's been taken care of, already, and I've got the
afternoon to myself. He smiled remembering Ryo-ohki's candid
attempts to eat all of the carrots before he had gotten them
safely inside.

        Reaching around behind himself, Tenchi put his hands
behind his head and leaned back into the trunk of the tree,
losing himself in the sounds of the soft, whispering breeze.

        Things had been quite peaceful lately. Almost too
peaceful, actually. Truth be told, Tenchi found himself a
little bored. While he certainly was not an adventurous
type, he had found himself used to more goings on.

        Not much had really changed around the place. In
fact, most things were completely unchanged. Ryoko and Ayeka
still fought, Mihoshi and Kiyone had been rewarded with a
vacation, which they incidentally chose to spend with the
Masaki's and Co., and Washu was still tearing up her lab in
an attempt to bring back... Mayuka.

        Mayuka. That was the thing missing from everyday
life. Granted, Tenchi had only known the strange girl for a
scant day, but over the course of that day he had grown
especially attached to her. The cheefulness she showed was
contagious, and Tenchi had found it hard not to smile when
she was around.

        Mayuka reminded Tenchi a great deal of Sasami,
actually. Both tended to smile simply because it felt good
to do, both showed enormous compassion and empathy towards
others, usually for no reason at all, and both struck him
as nothing more than carefree girls, content simply to
live and love life. He truly missed Mayuka.

        I wish I could do that, he thought. I wish I could
simply sit back and enjoy. For the most part he could, but
Tenchi often found himself smothered. The constant attention
he recieved from Ryoko and Ayeka, as well as Mihoshi at
times, was beginning to wear him down.

        He had to let them know, somehow. He couldn't keep
stringing them along, could he? "I just don't know how to
tell them," he began telling himself. "They don't seem to
understand that their constant fighting makes it even harder
to make a decision." He sighed, feeling as if the weight of
the world was on his shoulders.

        In essence, it was. In his mind, anyway. He would
sooner bring harm upon himself than hurt someone else, all
of the girls included. He knew that most of them harbored
feelings for him, except Kiyone it seemed. And likewise, he
cared a great deal about each and every one of them.

        The problem arose in how much he cared, however. His
feelings were no more than affection towards them. He didn't
love them, not like they wanted to be loved. "Not yet,
anyway." Tenchi again reverted to speaking to himself.

        "If they would just give me a little space... some
time to sort through it all..." His reverie was suddenly cut
short.
        
        "Tenchi!" A far off call floated through the woods,
reaching him as nothing more than a faint whisper.

        Ah, he thought, it's Sasami. Dinner must be ready.

        Rising from his peaceful sanctuary, Tenchi dusted
himself off and headed back into the chaos that was the
Masaki residence. Maybe a relaxing bath after dinner would
calm his disquieted mind...

-------------------------

        The floors of the Masaki residence tended to creak
profusely. This, in part, was because the house was getting
on in years and could probably use a few fixes here and
there. Most of the damage, however, had been incurred by
one of the numerous fights between Ryoko and Ayeka.

        Although short and usually not too heated, these
little "fights" tended to cause immense ammounts of property
damage. Looking around the entryway of the house, Tenchi
spotted a few areas that had needed repair after the girls
had arrived. More areas than he would have liked... in fact,
Tenchi was sure his father wasn't too happy about all the
repairs the house seemed to need these days.

        "What do you mean 'Tenchi's mine,' Ryoko!?" The
indignant sound of Ayeka refuting yet another of Ryoko's
claims over Tenchi could be heard.

        "Just what it sounds like, Princess." Ryoko. Tenchi
hung his head in resignation. Couldn't those two ever get
along?

        "And what is it meant to sound like?!"

        "It's meant to sound, my dear, stupid Princess, as
if Tenchi is mine. Which he is."

        Entering the room, himself, Tenchi took his seat at
end of the table opposite the fuming adversaries. By the
appearance of things, he wished he were somewhere else.
Ayeka's face was currently red, a vein protruding from her
forehead, as she glared at her rival.

        Ryoko, at least, looked a bit calmer. Her face was
covered in an indignant smirk which seemed to make Ayeka
only so much madder.

        "Hey, do you two think you could, I dunno... not
fight?" Tenchi asked.

        "Yeah, you two!" Sasami had just entered, carrying a
tray full of food. The smells of shrimp tempura, as well as
beef yakisoba drifted through the room lazily. "I don't want
you two to spill the dinner I've made!"

        This, as well as the aroma of the feast which Sasami
had prepared, seemed to sate the two. They both simply
sniffed and looked the other way.

        "Great," began Tenchi. "Let's eat."

        And so, dinner began. Mihoshi and Kiyone found their
way to the table a little while later, both had been outside
doing some laundry when Sasami called, and with a final cry
of "Itadakimasu!" everyone dug in.

        Dinner was outstanding... that is, until Ryoko
decided that Ayeka had had enough tempura... Hence, she took
it upon herself to make sure the Princess "didn't turn into
even more of a cow" by stealing what tempura Ayeka could
manage to get to her plate.

        "Now you stop that, Ryoko! I think I'm a perfectly
qualified judge of my own eating habits, thank you!"

        "That may be true, Princess, but... gluttony is SO
unbecoming of Juraian royalty..."

        Tenchi grimaced. He knew all too well what was about
to happen... he simply shut his eyes and hoped the damage
wouldn't be too hard to repair.

        "WHAT?! I can't believe you just said that, Ryoko!
Although I don't see why I should put such high standards in
conjunction with such space trash as yourself!"

        "Alright, Princess!" Ryoko stood up, lightsword in
hand. "You want a fight, you've got one!" A large number of
floating logs suddenly appeared around Ryoko, each crackling
with energy.

        "How dare you..." And with that, dinner came to a
sudden, electrifying conclusion.

-------------------------

        Washu cackled with delight. It was finally done, she
had succeeded! A pair of yellow eyes looked up into her red
ones. "Do you... do you remember, Mayuka? Do you remember
me?"

        "Miss... Washu, right?" Mayuka's smile was true and
genuine. She really did remember.

        "Right." Calmly casting her eyes downward, Washu's
form began to shake. "Hahahaha! All in a day's work for the
greatest scientific mind in the universe!"

        No sooner had she started laughing, Mayuka cut her
off, "Uh... When can I go see my Daddy?"

        Washu's hands were suddenly a blur as she entered a
few characters into her holographics keyboard. Locating
Tenchi, she couldn't help but giggle. She was sure Tenchi
would want to see Mayuka as soon as he got out and was
dressed, but the potential for entertainment was too much.

        Grinning from ear to ear, Washu pointed Mayuka in
Tenchi's general direction. "Over in the bath, dear. Your
Daddy's probably waiting for you, right now..."

        "I'm coming, Daddy!" Mayuka ran off, in search of
her father. Washu couldn't help but to chuckle.

        Boy, was Tenchi in for the surprise of his life...

-------------------------

        Tenchi hissed as he lowered himself into the hot
water of the outside furo. The pain soon passed, and he was
then able to relax in the water. Leaning back against the
side of the tub, he began to let his mind wander.

        Dinner had been a complete and utter disaster. There
was no other way to put it. Ryoko and Ayeka had effectively
fried everything, not to mention everyone, to a blackened
crisp. Suffice it to say, the people attending dinner were
not in the least bit happy. Those that were still conscious,
that is...

        Sighing, Tenchi leaned his head back to rest it on
the tub. He couldn't take much more of this... he wasn't
sure if his heart could take many more fights or frights
like that, either.

        Deep in thought, Tenchi missed the sound of a pair
of dainty feet making their way to him. Those dainty feet
were connected to a pair of beautifully lean, dainty legs
which, in turn, were a small part of the naked girl creeping
up behind Tenchi. Grinning with mirth, Mayuka suddenly
lunged, wrapping her arms around Tenchi as she landed on him
and pushed him into the water.

        Tenchi came up sputtering, and, after the initial
shock wore off, found himself with something, no, make that
a pair of somethings... very soft somethings, pressing into
his back. Turning around, he came face to face with his
assailant.

        "Mayuka?!" Tenchi's mouth dropped open.

        "Hi, Daddy! Didja' miss me?" Mayuka practically
beamed at Tenchi. She then lunged forward a second time and
wrapped her arms around him in a massive hug. "I sure missed
you, Daddy!"

        Tenchi's mouth moved... but no words were forth
coming.

------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter Notes:

        What can I say? I'm at it again, putting off my
other fics so I can start a new one. Well, when the knock of
opportunity comes, you might as well answer the door.
        Anyhow, this movie was one of the better ones that
I've seen, lately. As for a Tenchi vid, it ranks right up
there and is helping Tenchi and Co. to become one of my
favorite series ever.
        As for this fic itself, I couldn't leave Manatsu no
Eve as it was. I mean, Mayuka's subsequent "death" and all,
I just couldn't. So, this fic is the result. My idea of what
will happen in the Tenchi-verse when Washu finishes bringing
Mayuka back. I just love her character! She's so full of
life.
        I'm planning on splitting this series up more than I
did with my NGE fic. It'll make for some chapters actually
getting completed. I'm just not cut out for writing 50k,
then releasing it. I'm better for short, sudden spurts of
story. Anyhow, expect more soon. I can't get these ideas out
of my head...

Special thanks go to:
-Pioneer Entertainment for releasing this wonderful movie
 over here in the States, as well as AIC and the Tenchi Muyo
 Committee for creating this universe.
-Anyone who has preread or even read this for that matter. I
 need the C&C.
And to:
-White Wolf and Tybalt, Admins of the FFML, as well as all
 of the good people of the FFML who've put up with my stuff.

Thank you for reading,

Mark Eymer (saotome@micron.net)