***********************W*A*R*N*I*N*G************************
NOTE: This fanfic contains spoilers that pertain to the
second Tenchi Muyo! movie, Manatsu no Eve (Midsummer's Eve),
or as it's called here in America, Daughter of Darkness.
Thanks for reading!
***********PLEASE*C&C,*MST(!),*WHATEVER!*PLEASE!************

Tenchi Muyo! (C) 1998 AIC * Pioneer LDC, Inc. * Tenchi Muyo
Committee

------------------------------------------------------------
                        Presenting-
    An original Tenchi Muyo! Manatsu no Eve Continuation
             by: Mark Eymer (saotome@micron.net)

                Tenchi Muyo! Manatsu no Yume:
                         Chapter 2
------------------------------------------------------------
In the Previous Chapter:
        
        "Mayuka?!" Tenchi's mouth dropped open.

        "Hi, Daddy! Didja' miss me?" Mayuka practically
beamed at Tenchi. She then lunged forward a second time and
wrapped her arms around him in a massive hug. "I sure missed
you, Daddy!"

        Tenchi's mouth moved... but no words were forth
coming.

-------------------------

        "H-How?..." It was a safe question after all. Tenchi
was just glad he was able to get it out of his suddenly dry
mouth.

        "Washu, Daddy! She grew me back to where I was and
gave me my memories back! Isn't that nice, Daddy?" Mayuka's
face, as well as the rest of her, lit up with her smile.

        Tenchi suddenly found himself faced with the problem
of trying to carry on a completely innocent conversation
with a naked girl in the middle of a giant bath tub. Suffice
it to say, he was having trouble.

        "That's great, Mayuka! Now, let me get a towel and
we'll talk about this later, okay?"

        Mayuka obviously had other plans. "But, Daddy! You
were just in the middle of your bath!"

        That was the main cause of Tenchi's distress. He
knew they were in the bath. Together. Sweat began to bead on
his forehead as he thought of Ayeka, or even worse, Ryoko
catching him in the furo with Mayuka... again.

        Worry began to show in Mayuka's face as she asked,
"Daddy? Why are you turning so pale?... Are you not feeling
well?"

        Sinking into the waters of the furo, Tenchi nodded.
"That's about right..."

        If only he had known what was yet to come...

-------------------------

        Within the darkness of some nether dimension, a tiny
speck of light flared into sudden life, driving back the
gloom that permeated the very essence of the surrounding
area. Soon, other particles began to flare to life as well,
lighting the entirety of the dimension.

        As the light brightened, the particles began to
shake. The gentle swaying eventually subsiding into an
erratic movement, until finally, each particle in turn
lifted from the floor. Once airborne, each particle began
slowly converging on one central point, collecting other
particles as they made their way inward, until they all
met and merged as one.

        Finally collected together in a solid mass, the
particles flared suddenly, causing a blinding light to fill
the area, until it slowly faded away into darkness once
more. Within the darkness, two red orbs opened, and a laugh,
borne of the purest evil, echoed throughout the area.

-------------------------

        A gentle breeze blew through the leaves of the trees
surrounding the Masaki shrine. Breathing in deeply, Yosho
closed his eyes, enjoying the fragrance of the surrounding
mountains, and the light of the sun, overhead.

        Sighing wistfully, the old monk continued to sweep
the walk, connecting the steps which lead up the hillside to
the shrine. A billow of dust, sent up by Yosho's broom,
alighted upon the wind and was whisked away into the sky.

        A sudden feeling passed over the old man, causing
him to pause. Somewhere within the recesses of his mind,
he knew that something was amiss. A chill crept up his
spine, causing the hairs on his neck to stand on end.
Something was terribly wrong, and Yosho had a pretty good
idea of what it was.

        As he slowly set his broom down on the steps of the
shrine, Yosho looked skyward in contemplation. Whispering to
himself, he began his walk back to the Masaki residence, at
the bottom of the hill.

        His words departed on the breeze, "Yuzuha... you've
come back."

-------------------------

        Dried and dressed, Tenchi and Mayuka sat at the
dinner table in conversation. Mayuka had a lot of catching
up to do. Her regrowth had taken a few months to complete
itself, and she had eagerly asked Tenchi to describe what
had been going on lately.

        Tenchi was more than happy to. He was currently
telling Mayuka about how close December, and coincidentally
Christmas, were getting. This excited the young girl to no
end, sending her into a fit of giggles. How she had waited
to spend Christmas with a family, her family, and she would
finally get her chance!

        Her last moments before Yuzuha had rent her life
from her, Mayuka had been heartbroken to realize that she
wouldn't be able to make it to Christmas. A tear had
traveled down her cheek as she realized that her dream of
spending the holiday with her friends and loved ones was
being shattered by the very being who had created her.

        And yet, through the aid of Washu, Mayuka was back.
Science and inginuity had prevailed, bringing the bright
young girl back into the land of the living, and further
more, Mayuka was none the worse for wear. Her hair was a
slightly different tone, which intrigued Tenchi a tad, but
that was the only real difference.

        He more or less wrote it off as just being one of
those things, figuring Mayuka's hair was probably like those
of a friend of his at school. During the summer, the hair of
his friend lightened considerably, whereas during the winter
it took on a darker hue. Mayuka's was exhibiting the same
quality.

        Putting that thought aside, Tenchi continued telling
Mayuka of the events she had missed.

-------------------------

        "What?!" An enraged scream echoed throughout the
dark chamber. Yuzuha stood before a screen, heatedly taking
in the scene unfolding before her.

        She had summoned the screen to check up on a hunch.
Sure enough, Mayuka was still alive. Confusion replaced the
anger, for a period, until Yuzuha's keen mind settled on a
thought.

        "Washu. So... you brought Mayuka back, did you?"

        Sighing deeply, Yuzuha turned from the screen,
disspelling it as she did so. Her efforts to control Mayuka
had been for naught. Obviously Washu had made a few choice
improvements in the girl while she was regenerating. Such as
replacing Yuzuha's DNA with someone elses...

        Yuzuha's half of DNA that made up Mayuka had been
her link to the girl. Through the genetic code, Yuzuha could
command the girl to do as she wished. Now that her DNA had
been replaced, the control Yuzuha previously had over the
girl was utterly and completely gone.

        An idea suddenly occurred to Yuzuha, one that seemed
to present merit. If she could find out whose DNA Washu had
replaced her own with, Yuzuha might again be able to control
the girl. This new revelation only led to more frustration,
though. Knowing Washu, Yuzuha also realized that it would be
a task indeed to obtain the information.

        Yuzuha couldn't have been more right. Washu had
encoded Mayuka's new DNA much like Yuzuha had done
originally. Yuzuha growled to herself. She would find the
mother and exact her revenge. This Yuzuha swore.

-------------------------

        Kiyone smiled radiantly, her chest rising as she
inhaled the fresh, crisp air of the countryside. Her time
off from work was much needed and she planned to enjoy it as
much as she could. Although she wasn't granted a reprieve of
Mihoshi, Kiyone did have a few months of off duty time, a
testament to how hard she worked.

        At the Galaxy Police, personel was granted two weeks
of vacation time a year. That time was cumulative, too, so
as to promote workers to stay on the job and not take
intermitten breaks every now and again, which could throw
the company off. If the personel were allowed to amass a
goodly amount of time, the Police force had reasoned, then
they would probably take a long vacation, allowing the
police to prepair for their abscence in advance.

        The policy on vacations was currently one where if
an employee wanted to take a vacation longer than a week,
they would have to submit a written aplication to do so. The
application had to be turned in a full month before the
trip, therefore allowing the force to prepair for the
abscence of an officer.

        This plan suited Kiyone just fine. In fact, until
now she had had no real place to spend a vacation. Now, here
on this backwater planet, she mused, she had found a group
of people who she truly enjoyed being around.

        Kiyone's mind suddenly alighted, unbidden, on a
subject she had tried to dodge many times before... Tenchi
Masaki. The boy intrigued her. More than that, she wondered
how any one man with so many beautiful girls after him could
not have taken advantage of at least one of them.

        Kiyone didn't put much stock in the male gender, let
alone the human race, yet this Tenchi, indeed only a mere
boy, was making her reassess her reckoning of humanity. In
some dim corner in the back of Kiyone's heart she knew that
she had been bespelled by Tenchi's modest charms, as well,
something she never thought would happen.

        Kiyone would vehemently deny that she had any
feelings other than sincere friendship for Tenchi, yet she
herself knew this to be false. A time would come when Kiyone
would finally do something for herself, and not try to help
out the others. She had desires and dreams the same as
anyone else, and what she desired most was to be loved.

        For the time being, however, she wouldn't make a big
deal out of it. Ryoko and Ayeka were the open competitors
for Tenchi's attention, and Kiyone knew that Mihoshi had
feelings for him as well. For the time being, Kiyone could
just be content with living in the same house and being in
the company of Tenchi... for now.

        Yes, Kiyone decided, things were starting to look
good after all. She stared out at the lake near the Masaki
home and gasped in awed delight as the sun began to fade
behind the trees on the far shore. No matter how "backwater"
Earth was, Kiyone had to admit that it had the most
beautiful sunsets she had ever seen on any planet, as well
as the most beautiful person she had met in a long while...

-------------------------

        As Tenchi pulled the covers up around Mayuka's form
he couldn't help but look at the girl as she slept. Thoughts
concerning how peaceful she looked in her sleep danced in
and out of Tenchi's head. He gently placed a hand on her
cheek and stroked it fondly for a scant few seconds before
he stood up and quietly left the room.

        On his way to his own bed, Tenchi pondered the days
varied events. Mayuka was back. The realization came quite
suddenly to the humble Masaki, and he shook his head
ruefully. Tenchi hadn't thought the impact Mayuka had had on
his life had been that great, yet he found himself truly
happy to have her back with the family.

        After all, she was his daughter, beknownst or not,
and Tenchi found himself becoming even more fond of the
strange girl who called him "Daddy." He also hoped that
someday soon his knowledge of her would equal his affection
for her, which seemed to be growing in leaps and bounds.

        Those warm thoughts still fresh in his mind, Tenchi
settled into his own warm bed and fell quickly to sleep. He
dreamt of his daughter that night.

-------------------------

        Somewhere, within the boundaries of a seperate
dimension, a malevolent being also dreamt of Mayuka. Only
in this instance, the being dreamt of when she would control
the girl once more, and bring ruin to the Masaki's.

        Yuzuha turned in her sleep, a devilish grin lighting
up her face, as her dream fuelled her passion for revenge.
Even demons can dream, sometimes.

------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter Notes:

        Well, here we go again, eh? This chapter should be a
little more well thought out than the last one, seeing as
I've actually taken the time to sit down and plan this one
out. Here's hoping you all like it.
        Not much change in this chapter as I plan for future
ones. Mayuka is Mayuka... what can be said about that? She's
just the same ol' loveable character from Manatsu no Eve,
brought back just for you! Isn't it great? (Can you tell I'm
a Mayuka fan, yet?)
        I hope you enjoyed this chapter, just trying to add
to the plot a little and do a little character development.
Peace.

Special thanks go to:
-Pioneer Entertainment for releasing this wonderful movie
 over here in the States, as well as AIC and the Tenchi Muyo
 Committee for creating this universe.
-Anyone who has preread or even read this for that matter. I
 need the C&C.
And to:
-White Wolf and Tybalt, Admins of the FFML, as well as all
 of the good people of the FFML who've put up with my stuff.

Thank you for reading,

Mark Eymer (saotome@micron.net)