Disclaimer: (I know, I know, you already figure what I'm going to say but
lets get this over with shall we?) Tenchi characters are not mine they
belong to Pioneer & AIC, blah blah blah, but I do own quite a few, blah blah
not rich, bblah blah don't sue.

NOTES: I know that was not polite but you know that I'm not copying anybody.
I have a lot of ideas in my head and I turn them into fics, so I might enter
more than one fic at a time. I mentioned this being self insertion, and it
is but my name is spelled different so not to confuse anyone with the other
name I gave Julienne. I was thinking of a Halloween fic, but decided against
it, but it was tempting. Well quick overview, Julie (since being the psychic
one) had a dream and some how was connected with Ryoko's life on the Souja.
Julie's psychic ability is getting stronger and she is able to see the past
and future. But her past since the plane accident is a blank, but Jewelie
remembers and won't tell her younger twin about it. Julie ends up seeing
Ryoko's past and tells her what she saw, causing Ryoko to run away to rid
herself of the memory. That's all I'm giving you <Otherwise it won't be as
good>  Well let's end this pointless jabber and on with Part Two of this
fic.

        Jewelie sat down outside in the moonlight, and thought about what
happened.
Two days ago, she just returned from a funeral of a dear friend, and was
chanting in her room to sooth her soul. Then few minutes later she found a
teleportation spell and tried it out with Julie, next thing she knew she was
in a lab somewhere in a house in Japan. Her sister and herself  were there
for two days, due to the blast they recieved from Ayeka and Ryoko as they
suddenly arrived. She learned a lot about the guests in the house. Ryoko
is/was a space pirate and was locked in a cave near here for 700 years,
Ayeka and Sasami are princesses of a planet  called Jurai, Katsuhito/Yosho
was the princesses brother and imprisoner of Ryoko, Ryo-oki is the
pet/ship/friend and could be counted as Ryoko's sister, Washu is supposedly
THE BEST SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE, Ryoko's creator/mother and same
with Ryo-oki. Mihoshi is a true 'Blonde' and surprisingly, a Galaxy Police
officer (How did she ever make it), Nobuyuki is the father of Tenchi, and
Katsuhito's son-in-law, and a pervert (how could Tenchi be related to him?).
Tenchi...Tenchi is son of Nobuyuki, grandson of Katsuhito/Yosho, heir to
throne of Jurai, and center of affection between Ryoko and Ayeka. <Hmm, and
I thought my life was strange.> Jewelie thought. She sat there staring out
into the countryside, bathed in the soft glow of midnight. She was almost
asleep until she heard the door open and saw Tenchi walk out. He sat down
beside her and stared at the scene with her unknowing that she was staring
at him. She saw his handsome features and felt a nice feeling, it wasn't
love, per say, but a familiarality about him. He looked liked someone from
the past, but who, and why did she feel comfort like...<When my brother
hugged me and Julie while the plane started malfuctioning.> He reminded her
of Roy, her older brother and looked a little like him, except Roy had
Byzantanium(Greek) eyes and Dark blonde hair. She felt safe like back then
too. He looked at her and she blushed but a light pink. "What?" he asked she
shook her head
"You remind me of my brother, Roy. I was just trying to compare him and
you." he nodded
"Oh, ok." they stared at the scene before she got up "Well, I'm going to my
room with Ayeka and Sasami, goodnight."
"Ok, goodnight"
She left and went upstairs to Ayeka and Sasami's room that Julie and herself
are sharing with the princesses. She lie down on her futon and grabbed her
hand-held CD player she packed with her, and listened to "It's My Life" by
Bon Jovi and fell asleep.
        Julie was asleep and had one of her supposed to be rare psychic
dreams. She
was near the crash site and was witnessing her rescue she barely remembered,
and then witnessed her first day of school, her grandparents funeral, her
and Jewelie's first day in their own house, their job, and then Ladia's car
accident. She then found herself in a black void, near a old  antique box
and she opened it. A bright golden light flashed and some complex images,
that maybe Washu might understand, and she woke up, hearing "Black" by Pearl
Jam from her sister's head phones sliding off her ears. Julie heard Sasami's
morning routine in the kitchen, then got up after turning off Jewelie's CD
player, dressed in one of her small T-shirts and her favorite baggy jeans.
She went down the stairs to the kitchen and found Sasami making breakfast
"Hey Julie, sleep well?" the little girl asked, Julie smiled
"I had a strange dream, but yeah I slept good." Sasami smiled then went back
to work. Julie was going to turn and leave, but a image appeared in her
head. She saw a woman, who looked like an older version of Sasami, and
seemed powerful, and one thing popped up in Julie's mind. <A goddess...>
Julie shook her head. Sasami noticed her guesture
"Are you ok?" Julie smiled
"Yeah, just old habits rebounding. Nothing to worry about." she lied but
Sasami bought it.
"Ok." and went back to work.
Jewel was watching early morning shows before the TV was occupied with the
usual soap operas. She didn't mind soaps, she watched some called "Days of
Our Lives", "One Life to Live", and "General Hospital" in America, but the
ones these women watch...She just couldn't get into them. She was usually
listening to Jewelie's CD player and Jewelie was reading stories her mother
and aunt wrote when everything was A-OK after the accident, their aunt
hardly came around and just visited on holidays. The stories were actually
books, and they were about   a planet called Onyx and it was like a
high-tech, medieval planet. It was a action/romance/fairy tale all at once.
She was thinking about publishing them, Jewelie said, and she quotes "Mama
and Aunt Serena never wanted to publish them and never will. Now they are
too precious to be publicized." Julie just gave up. She turned off the TV
and decided to take a walk outside. She always walked to the shrine whenever
she came outside, and visited Katsuhito as she would her own grandfather.
But today, she decided to walk around outside, and enjoy the Japanese
countryside. Mississippi never was as pleasing, even if she did live near
forests and fields. This just held exotic beauty that her land never
possessed. Sure she loved being American, but the government wasn't really
as good as it seemed, but she loved her home despite it's government and
lack of exoticness as this place. She found herself at the fields where
Tenchi worked. He stopped to take a break, as he rose from harvesting
carrots (a little something for Ryo-oki) he spotted her and waved. She waved
back and continued her stroll into the forest. She loved forests, and used
to explore them when she was living with her grandparents. The only thing
she could remember was when she was following her older brother around in
the woods near her house when she was younger. She smiled at the memory. She
was clumsy, talkitive, and downright annoying, well until Roy tossed her
into a nearby lake. She laughed then, because after she got up he was
smiling at her with his dumb, goofy grin. God, how she missed that grin.
Another thought came to her, yesterday was October 31, Halloween. Mom, dad,
Roy, Jewelie, and herself would always hand out candy to trick-or-treaters,
go trick-or-treating themselves, watch horror flicks, and tell ghost stories
at midnight. Now she and Jewelie just decorated the house,  gave out candy,
and watched horror movies. And in eight days, will be her mother's birthday.
She remembered Jewelie's gift to her the year before the crash. Julie never
found one to give her and Jewelie gave her half the credit for her gift. The
twins were always close, and even though they seem distant, they are closer
since the accident. She suddenly snapped out of her reverie, and saw another
image, and felt a presense.
"Hi, Ryoko." she said not even turning around. Ryoko was trying to scare her
but froze when Julie sensed her presense,
"Uh, how did you... know it was me?"the demoness asked. Julie shook her head
and simply said "I have no idea."
        The day seemed to pass real quick and then it was dinner time. Julie
sat
next to her twin, and across from Ryoko, who was next to Tenchi which was
also next to Ayeka. Everyone was in their original place, including Washu,
who was taking a quick break from her lab, and was eating with her 'family'.
Julie just woke up from a nap and the dream she had was strange. She was on
some ship in space, and there was a man with white hair and small glasses
that rested on his nose, he wore a green robe, and had that high handedness
about him. He seemed powerful and had a hunger for it, and had done many bad
deeds to obtain more power. The ship was huge and was almost as you can
describe, invincible. His eyes were yellow, and cold, no emotion seemed to
run through them. When he spoke she shuddered, for the voice sounded evil
and hateful, but in an eerie calmness. She felt someone's fear, and hatred
for the man, and felt that persons pain from the abuse they recieved. She
woke up after that, and was wondering about that dream and why was she
dreaming it. She got her answer at dinner that night.
"Hey Sasami, can you please pass the salt?" Jewelie asked the girl.
"Sure thing Jewelie." Sasami handed it to the teenager. Jewelie put a
generous amount on her curried chicken, and handed it to Julie, who was
looking at her sister strangely.
"What? Do I have a 'Stupid' sign on my head or something?" her twin asked.
Julie shook her head "Mom used a lot of salt in her foods." Jewelie smiled
"Well, you use a lot of garlic in your spaghetti, just like Dad." Julie just
shrugged. Julie used the same amount of salt as her sister and recieved a
look from the counterpart "Now look who's turning into Mom." Julie grinned
and took a bite of her food. Ryoko just shook her head at the exchange and
then asked Julie
"Julie, can I have some of that salt, please." Julie smiled and handed her
the salt, then saw her eyes. She just had one brief glimpse in those yellow
eyes, and she saw pain, and suffering hidden in those orbs of gold. The
impact of the images caused her to go into a trance, and her twin felt the
impact somehow. Jewelie waved her hand in front of her sister and recieved
no response.
"Julie, come on girl, snap out of it." she urged pat/slapping  Julie's face
gently. Julie finally spoke but it was rambling but understood "Her eyes,
pain, suffering, misery, sssoo much." Jewelie gave her sister a good slap on
the cheek calming the girl.
"Now Julie, tell me what's wrong and maybe we can make sense of what you're
saying."
Julie, still in a trance-like state, nodded and explained
"In my dream, I saw a man that I can only describe as cold, cruel, and power
hungry, and I saw a ship almost invincible, considering it's defense system.
And when I had a small glimpse of Ryoko's eyes and saw pain inflicted on her
by that one man." she was in a trance while she stated what she saw. Ryoko
was struck with dejavu and had those haunting memories. Julie continued  "I
saw her pleading to that man, and he kept abusing her. She would plead not
to make her kill anymore, but with mind control she destroyed an entire
planet.
                I also saw him using mind control to make her strip down and
he would push her down and ra..."
"NO MORE!" they saw Ryoko clasping her forehead, as if trying to banish the
memory from her head. "Please, no more." she slumped to the ground with
memories flooding through her head. Julie passed out and fell onto Jewelie
who gave the once over "She'll be okay, she's sleeping." everyone turned
their attentions toward the twins and when they turned them towards Ryoko,
she was gone, as well as their furry companion.
                Ryoko ran to a cliff and collapsed a few feet from the edge
and broke into
sobs. Ryo-oki looked at her mistress and miyahed in despair. After a few
moments of sobbing, delusional wails, and mindless jabber, Ryoko looked into
her pet/ship/friend's eyes
"We are going to leave for awhile, long enough to rid myself of those
memories, I know it's not Julie's fault, but I have to get away." The cabbit
looked at her with sad eyes, which made Ryo-oki look cuter, and the
ex-pirate let out a sad giggle. "Well here goes nothing." She tossed the
animal in the air and as soon as it turned into a space ship, she teleported
aboard, and soon they both disappeared into the stars they knew so well.

                              <To be continued...>

Julie: Not as I expected but, this is going to have to do for now.

Sabrina:You did what you can, but you should follow my advice.

Julie:Your fan fic isn't even coming out right.

Sabrina: True, but that's why I have you or your mom to write stories.

Julienne: You just made me delusional? Surely you could do better than that.

Julie: I thought I brought you two here to support and help me. Show some
encouragement.

Sabrina: Do psychics do that?

Julie: I dunno. Nevermind what you think, what does the audience think email
me at julieanne14_98@yahoo.com

Notes: I know, I know, this isn't as good as what I started with, but I'm
trying. This is the first big fic I ever written and it might not be as
good. Well thankyou to those who supported me, even if all you did was
insult me while you here, but you helped a lot though.