Disclaimer: I do not own any Tenchi characters, they belong to AIC and
Pioneer. I own some of  the characters or they belong to other people-which
this fic their mine or Pioneer's-I borrowed from.  And if you are looking
for a law suit, Good Luck, for I'm not very wealthy. So in other words,
Don't Sue!

Notes: Okay, my little overview. I know I didn't do so hot on the first two,
but with some help, I probally will do better with my Christmas fic. Anyway,
Jewelie and Julie managed to stay for the holidays or maybe longer. Ryoko
returns with a friend and seems to be calmer about touchy subjects. Everyone
also goes through the trials of  gift finding. Thats all I'm giving you. I
might take a break after this one or continue to the end, it depends on my
writer's block.  I'm starting to name chapters also so to give a better clue
to what I'm writing. Well on with the fic.

        Jewelie was reading her mother's Onyx series, and Julie was having
her
'appointment' with Washu. Julie wasn't enjoying herself either. She was
strapped to some platform thingie while the short scientist poked and
prodded her. Washu was trying to find something on her  ability. It was last
month when the incident happened, and everyone is concerned for Ryoko. After
Ryoko took Ryo-oki, everyone wanted to go after her, but Julie told them
she'll be back, just not clear when though.
"Oww! Hey! That hurt." Julie complained after Washu had took a sample of her
blood.
"And didn't you take blood samples of me already? Like when you first found
me, and after the 'incident'."
"Hold still, and yes I did, but I have to get a different sample for each
experi.... I mean examination." Washu said putting the sample away in a
container.  The red head snapped her fingers and let the teenage girl go.
She was back in her jeans and sweater Tshirt.
"Uh ok, I will be going to help Sasami now. Goodbye." Julie ran out of the
lab.
        Out in space Ryoko was on some small planet in a space top. She
downed a
shot of alien whiskey and was about to leave till she heard
"Long time no see, Ryoko." She turned around to the source of the voice and
she saw a hooded figure, then smiled.
        Jewelie was finished with her mother's story, and was looking at an
ad. She
was going to get a job so she can make money for Christmas. She learned a
little about the currency so she could get a good start. She was ready to
return home, but she wanted to stay here. She will go back home though, but
to get her things. She was listening to her CD player while marking out job
positions that she will try out soon. Julie should try the same. Like the
others she too worried about Ryoko. They became good friends like with
everybody else.  "these boots are made for walkin..." she sang with her
player playing Nancy Sinatra's *These Boots are Made for Walkin*
as she sang Julie finished with "One of these days, these boots are going to
walk all over you." They ended up singing the whole song all over again.
Everyone walked in to see the girls singing one of their American songs that
was playing on the CD player Jewelie brought with her. This time she had it
plugged into mini speakers. They finished the song and heard a small
applause from their audience. Looking at each other, they took a bow.
        Ryoko sat down at a table with her aquaintance. The figure was
un-hooded
and was revealed as a man with dark brown hair, blue eyes, 6'2", and was
very muscular.
He was considered the perfect male in physical and personal terms.  She took
a shot of her alien whiskey and spoke.
"So Dra'gaden, what have you been up to for the past 700 years?"
Dra'gaden sipped from his mug of a beer like substance.
"Well, after you left, I raided some ships, bought me a nice spot of land on
my planet Voltana, fell in love, then just got married last year, and just
had a baby girl."
"Really? When?" Ryoko said smiling.
"Last month. We named her Sha'lania Na Dae. Named her after a legendary
relative on my side of the family. Remember the legend?"
"Yeah, a young woman was looking at the sunset, and wanted to create the
perfect setting for her future family. So she created a field, using powers
borrowed from your goddess, then had a river with a waterfall for water and
beauty, she made many beautiful flowers that lasted all year long, made the
weather perfect where eveyone was comfortable and healthy. She also loved
sunsets and sun rises, so she made them the most beautiful sunsets and
sunrises in the universe that we know of."
         "The people of her village called her Lania Na Dae, meaning love of
  natural beauty, then added the Sha' meaning mother, for she created this
beauty, and made sure everyone lived in peace naturally." Ryoko loved the
sunsets on the planet. Dra'gaden finally spoke
"Yeah, and we are having a celebration commemorating the very day she
created the place. We decorate houses with flowers, give small gifts, and
wish neighbors the best wishes. But our planet is doomed, and I'm on the run
till I can find our allies. Which I have a favor to ask you." Ryoko leaned
foward ready to do anything he wishes.
"Yes? I'll be glad to help in any way I can." Dra'gaden looked her over and
smiled.
"How do you feel about becoming my daughter's guardian?" Ryoko face faulted,
then recovered.
"Are you kidding?!  I can hardly care for myself much less a baby!" this
wasn't her year.
"Nonsense. You can do it Ryoko, I can see it . If I had a bad feeling about
this I would never offered. Besides, you're one of my good friends, I know
you can handle Little Sha' Lania." Ryoko let this sink in. He was right, she
could. And he would never ask if he didn't trust her.
"Ok, but if anything has happened with her under my care, it's your fault."
she had to add her brashness so he couldn't see her weak side.
"Thankyou. This means a lot to me." he thanked her.
"No problem old friend, I owe ya." she smiled. They went to his ship to
retrieve his infant. Ryoko felt the maternal instinct to protect this child
no matter what at first site. She had baby blue eyes, and lavender tufts of
hair. Ryoko fell in love with the the infant.
"Here's her things. Bottles, stuffed animals, diapers, formula, ecetera,
ecetera." He loaded the baby's things onto Ryo-oki. He leaned to his
daughter and cooed his goodbyes to her and told her to be good for Auntie
Ryoko, and he'll give her mommy a kiss for her. With a smile and a wink, he
was gone with his ship. Ryoko looked down at the little baby <How do I get
myself into these things> she thought smiling at the infant while loading
onto her ship, telling Sha'Lania about Christmas on Earth.
        "Hello, welcome to Kino's Diner. May I take your order?" Julie was
jotting
down her customer's order of coffee.  This wasn't a fun job, but if she
expected to go Christmas shopping, she better work somewhere.  She served
her customer's order with her best smile "Two creams, and one sugar, would
there be anything else?"  When her customer shook his head, she went on to
the next customer. Jewelie was working as a cashier at a local department
store. She really enjoyed it, especially the satisfaction that women take
her advice without getting offended like in the U.S.  The only part she
don't like is the co-workers disapproval of her good graciousness in the
customers' eyes. All well, she only has to work here for two weeks anyway.
Today she is going to try to get to her house using her magic, and get her
things, but all she needs is a house. Washu assured her space was able to be
provided if they came to her, so Jewelie agreed. Everyone had gotten jobs
for some holiday cash. Ayeka was an assistant teacher at an ettiquette
school, Mihoshi was doing odd jobs for people, Tenchi was working at a
restraunt not far from the department store, and Washu was just Washu. She
looked at the clock, 5:00p.m., her shift is over. She put the money she made
in a sack and gave it to the manager personally, because with jealous
co-workers, who knows what they might plan. She heard thunder. "Oh no, not
today." she grumbled, but sighed and continued.
        Everyone sat down to the table for dinner.  Sasami made miso soup,
since
the weather was gloomy. Everyone commented her cooking causing her to blush.
"You aren't careful, she might have a bigger ego than Washu." Julie warned.
Everyone laughed
"I heard that." Washu said walking from her lab. Everyone settled down,
finish eating then go their own ways.
        Ryoko sat down. She wasn't as jumpy since she had her peace and
quiet. Her
memories aren't as painful, or is it because of the baby.  She didn't have
any time to worry about her past with a 1 month old infant on her hands.
<What was he thinking? Me? And babies? HA!> she thought, but looking at the
baby gets rid of any negative feelings she has. She watched Sha'Lania yawn
in her sleep.  Ryoko smiled <Awww so cute.> She looked up at her view screen
while Earth came into full view, she smiled, this was going leave them
wondering. She heard a sneeze and looked down with yellow eyes meeting blue
ones.  Sha'Lania was staring at her godmother with the widest blue eyes that
only a baby can have.  "You know, you're not helping any." she smiled, the
baby only sneezed again. "Bless you." the infant yawned with her eyelids
drooping into peaceful slumber. Ryoko put a shield around the baby girl to
drown out any sound that will disturb her.
"Ryo-oki, you know what to do!"
Her ship gave a loud "MIYA!" as it headed for it's destination.
        Tenchi just wrapped his last gift. He had one for every girl in the
house,
including Ryoko. Julie said Ryoko would return soon, so he included her on
his list. He bought everyone a bracelet that was monogrammed with To:
<person's name
                                                             From: Tenchi
He knows they will like them. Julie was wrapping her gifts up. She bought
Jewels a fleece blanket, Ayeka, a new sash for her kimono, Sasami, a new set
of chopsticks with carrots painted on them, Mihoshi, a compass, Katsuhito,
an ornamental bokken with samurai scenes carved into it, Washu, a special
trophy for scientists,Nobiyuki, a camera,Tenchi, a wool sweater for the
fields on cold days, and Ryoko, a necklace that said tough one on it.
Jewelie just bought everyone a ring that had a different color stone in it
to go with the wearers eyes, and around it, it said the most coolest family
anyone could have. Eveyone got something special for Christmas gifts.
Jewelie was sitting down reading a magazine, and thanks to Washu's tablets,
she can understand Japanese. Tenchi just walked in from the fields and sat
down to rest. Everyone was in the living room except for Nobiyuki, who was
at work, and Katsuhito, who was in the shrine. Everyone was relaxed till
they heard a happy "Miya!" from Ryo-oki. Everyone turned around and Ryo-oki
ran to Sasami, who hugged the furry animal.
"Hey, Ryo-oki, where's Ryoko?" Washu asked trying to get through both links,
but failed in that  action.
"Miya!" was all they heard
"Yeah I guess we will see." Washu agreed.
"I can't get through the link, they blocked them." she continued for the
other's sake.
Julie sensed something "She's not alone, she is with someone. Blue eyes,
lavender hair, very pretty, and sorta cute too, and if my mind serves me
right, Tenchi, it looks as if you will have another house guest for awhile.
This caused him to jump, "Male or Female?" he asked <Please not a female."
"Female"
He paled. More alien women to chase him or fight over him. Ayeka was
thinking of ways that she can protect Tenchi from Ryoko and whoever came
with her.
        Ryoko fed Sha'Lania before going to the house. After giving the baby
her
formula, the infant seemed to inhale it and let out a loud burp. This amazed
Ryoko at how small a baby can drink that much milk. She walked towards the
house looking at the baby girl, with a very puzzled expression.
        Everyone saw Ryoko walk in with some sort of bundle in her arms, and
a very
puzzled look on her face then heard her say "Just like your old man, huh?"
they heard a giggle from the bundle. She finally noticed everyone.
"Ryoko, is that a baby?" Sasami asked hopefully.
"Yup, sure is. Wanna see her?" she answered. Sasami nodded happily and Ryoko
kneeled to show off the infant, who yawned.
"Awww, she's so cute. What's her name?"
"Sha'Lania Na Dae. She was named after a legendary relative of her
father's."
"Is she yours?" Sasami asked looking up
"Sort of."
"What do you mean 'sort of '?" Washu asked her daughter.
"I'm her god mother. Her father is a good friend of mine, and he entrusted
her to me. Her home planet is under attack and he went out to find their
allies. Well, it's not safe for a baby to be around when there's a war on a
planet, so he wanted me to take care of her. But I have no idea what he was
thinking."
"Taking care of a baby is big responsibility, Ryoko." Tenchi stated.
"I know. I can't take care of myself, much less a baby, but Dra'gaden
trusted me. If he had faith in me, I guess I can handle it. Besides,
everyone can help me. Sasami with fixing her formula, and everyone else take
turns watching her, but I'm mainly in charge of her welfare, but we can do
it." Ryoko couldn't believe she said that. Neither did anybody else.
"We did a lot of babysitting, so we can help." Jewelie offered.
"And Taro was enough experience for me." Ayeka pointed out.
"And I had a son and raised him through most of his infancy, and took care
of Taro, so count me in." Washu said standing up.
"Well it's settled. We can all help raise Sha'Lania." Tenchi agreed.
Everyone talked all at once while Ryoko put her goddaughter in Tenchi's room
for a nap.
"Well little one, it's settled." she said running her finger in a soft
tickling motion, making the baby giggle. After she quit the baby yawned then
fell asleep. Then Ryoko tiptoed out of the room leaving the door opened a
crack.
        Ryoko had to do last minute Christmas shopping.  She had a temporary
job at
a bar, so she could earn the money, honestly. Hey she had to set an example
for the new occupant of the Masaki house.  She bought Sasami a new cooking
ladle that had her name monogrammed in the handle. She bought Katsuhito a
prayer scroll since her and Ayeka accidently toasted his original, with one
of their fights. She bought Ayeka two things, one as a joke, the other was
serious.  She bought the twins some book covers for their mother's stories.
She had read them and thought they were good and deserved to be protected.
She bought Washu a necklace that had letter charms that spelled
M-O-T-H-E-R across the chain.  She bought Mihoshi a tape recorder to remind
her of things, but she seriously doubted that Mihoshi would remember to
remember the tape recorder.  She bought Sha'Lania two dresses and a stuffed
teddy bear with 'Hug Me' embroidered on it. She bought Nobiyuki a special
book on photography. She bought Tenchi a special case for the Master Key.
The case was bought while she was out in space clearing her head. Funny how
the thought of her past made her in tears one day then the next she gets a
infant for a passenger, then doesn't have any reaction to the memories
except disgust.  Strange indeed.  She kept her gifts in gift bags.  Wrapping
wasn't her specialty.  She hid the bags on her rafter, then helped decorate
the house.
        Jewelie was decorating the border of the ceiling with paper
ornaments,
while singing a funny Christmas song.
"Jingle Bells, Shotgun shells, granny had a gun. She shot me through the
underwear, and boy did I run!" She laughed at the old song her brother sang.
  Julie came in and like when they were little "If you're not going to sing
it right don't sing at all." Jewelie rolled her eyes
then a thought
"Jingle bells, Julie smells, I slugged her with an egg..." Jewelie started.
"I'll slug you something, alright." With a wicked grin she tossed some of
the decorations at her sister.
"Hey! All I did was put you in a Christmas song." Jewelie complained
"Yeah, one of your sick and twisted ones." Julie said tossing another
decoration at her sister.
"That wasn't sick. How about this? Deck the halls with bones and hearts Fa
lalalalalalalala
Now that's sick and twisted." This obviously was, cause Julie had that look
of utter disgust on her face "That is sick."  They heard a wail from the
room they shared with Sasami and Ayeka.
"Sounds like that is Mistress Sha'Lania's bellow" Julie joked. The baby had
been very demanding that day. Julie left Jewelie decorating the border of
the ceiling.
        Julie wanted to help decorate the house, but today was her day for
watching
Sha'Lania, who wasn't enjoying the situation either. The baby had been like
this since Ryoko had gotten a job or left her in someone else's care. But
when Ryoko has her, she doesn't make a fuss. "Hey, I'm doing the best I can
with you, so please chill out.  Auntie JulJul is getting a little run down
early in life." she handed the baby something Ryoko had let her play with.
This caused her to calm down. Julie finally got the infant asleep.  Kids
were cute but they can wear you out.  They get worse as they grow up.  The
only time anyone is at their best is when they were asleep, and this is the
case.  She put the baby in her cradle and quietly left the room.  "Tomorrow
is Jewel's turn, that will be her punishment for putting me in that
ridiculous song.  She grabbed her sister's headphones and CD player and
listened to the various artists album.
        Tenchi and Nobiyuki were on the roof decorating it for the holidays.
Tenchi thought having a baby in the house has cooled things down for Ryoko
and Ayeka. They won't dare fight with a baby present and Ryoko would be too
busy taking care of the infant for anything to get started.  Funny how the 1
month old seemed attached to Ryoko like Taro was to Washu.  Who knows? Maybe
the baby girl would accept Ryoko as her mother.  He silently laughed at the
thought. Ryoko? The most wanted space pirate?  A mother?  That would most
definitely be news to Galaxy Police.  Speaking of which, Mihoshi is
constantly supervised by Washu or Ryoko whenever she is taking care of the
baby.  Who could blame them?  Mihoshi might surprise them someday, but it's
better to be safe than sorry. Nobiyuki felt like a grandfather and Washu
felt like a grandmother, and he would have to watch out for them two. They
might start getting ideas that Tenchi should marry Ryoko and raise the baby
together. That wouldn't be good, especially if Ayeka would be mad.  He
pushed the thought away. He had no choice. He hit his thumb with the hammer.
        Ayeka was knitting a scarf for Tenchi whenever he worked in the
cold.
Speaking of which, it should be snowing by now. She had Sasami's present,
which was a apron with her name embroidered on the side. Mihoshi's was a
T-shirt for blondes that Jewelie told her about. Funny, it would be perfect
since Mihoshi has trouble putting her clothes on. She had gotten the twins a
box for their mother's stories. She was going to get covers, but Ryoko did
that, so a box could hold them. She got Katsuhito a special display case for
his bokkens, Nobiyuki special drawing paper for his work, Washu a pin that
she got a long time ago, Ryoko a pair of flannel pajama's since she didn't
know what she wanted, besides Tenchi, but she couldn't have him, and the
baby a pair of little shoes and a cute pink jumpsuit to match.  Everyone
decided that this should be the little girl's best first Christmas so they
made sure of that.  Ayeka thought about how peaceful it was since the baby
came to the Masaki house. Her and Ryoko's fight's hadn't rocked the house
since the day she left.  Ayeka sighed enjoying the silence then a wail.
Julie left for some decorations with her sister, and everyone else was busy.
<Looks like it's up to me.> she thought.  She went to where the crying
infant was. After one hour of trying, the baby was asleep.  Maybe not as
peaceful as Ayeka wanted it.
        Christmas finally came.  Everyone was trying to get things done
while Ryoko
was taking care of the youngest member of the house.  They finally decided
to decorate the tree since they found the ornaments that were missing.
Julie and Jewelie sung their Christmas songs while everyone else was helping
cook dinner or cleaning up. Then everyone ate dinner and told about
everything they did in the past.  The twins told about when their parents
were alive, how they would go to Memphis, where they were born, to visit
their grandparents and do all sorts of fun stuff.  Then it was time to open
the gifts.  Sha'Lania got hers opened first, with the help of Ryoko of
course. Tenchi got her a stuffed doll, Ayeka, the jumpsuit and shoes,
Nobiyuki, a Christmas ornament that said Baby's First Christmas 2000,
Sasami, a stuffed Ryo-oki doll since the baby loved the cabbit's ears.
Katsuhito, a baby jacket that said princess in training, the twins got her a
baby ring to match what everyone else had, but Julie didn't know that. Washu
got her a recording of Ryoko's voice singing the baby a lulabye whenever she
wasn't around. Everyone loved her for that. Mihoshi gave her a little
T-shirt that said 'Junior Galaxy Police Officer in Training.' , then Ryoko's
gift.  The two dresses were the style the infant's planet wore.  She bought
them from a solar system next to the sol system.
        Tenchi gave eveyone his gift, and recieved different acts of
gratitude, two
of which I don't need to mention. Julie gave everyone her gifts and recieved
the basic hug and pinch on the butt by Nobiyuki, who in return recieved a
slap. Jewel gave out her gift and recieved hugs, and thankfully Nobiyuki
learned his lesson. Ryoko gave her gift, Ayeka hers. Washu gave everyone a
holographic colage, Katsuhito gave everyone a prayer scroll, Sasami gave
each person their favorite snack, Mihoshi got everyone a best friend
necklace, and Nobiyuki bought something everyone could use. A computer.
Jewelie and Julie seemed excited, since they could tell everyone that they
got a visa for student exchange in Japan, so no one would worry. They
already got all their stuff here, thanks to Washu.  Nobiyuki grabbed his new
camera and set it to take a group picture. Ayeka and Sasami wore their
Startica robes,  Julie was wearing a black, knee length velvet peasant dress
with roses at the neckline, and Jewelie a light blue silk peasant dress like
her twin's, Katsuhito in his priests robes, Tenchi in a white dress shirt
and blue jeans, Mihoshi in a black turtle neck sweater and gray dress pants,
Ryoko in a black wool sweater and a black velvet mini skirt, Washu was
wearing her science academy uniform, Nobiyuki was in his work clothes which
were nice, and Sha'Lania wearing a green velvet dress with her lavender
tufts of hair in a little green rose barette, and black mary janes. This was
going to be the best Christmas photo they ever took. The camera was a
polaroid, but had the same quality of a professional camera. The picture had
Tenchi above everyone, the twins together beside Nobiyuki, Ryoko beside her
mother, and holding the baby, Ayeka and Sasami were beside them Katsuhito
and Nobiyuki stood at each end.
        They cleaned up the house, changed into everyday clothes and just
had a
family moment in the living room. Jewelie looked out the window and started
singing "I'm dreaming of a White Christmas"  Everyone looked out and saw
snow falling.  Ryoko finally made a comment.
"Funny how people take advantage of these moments. I mean how many people
enjoy this?"
Everyone thought about it
"Not many." Jewelie answered.
"People should." Julie replied
Everyone sat there enjoying the closeness of the family in the Masaki house.
***********************************************************************
           Yes here it goes
                      <To be cotinued>

Notes: Ha! Finished it.  Thanks for the comments. They help a lot, and if
you're a writer, you'd understand so please feel free to flame me, or praise
me. I think I'm getting better, even my designated proofreaders think so.
Hopefully I will have a website and I could post my stories up with a nice
background. Well thanks for those who stood with me that made me want to
live up to their expectations, and those who brought me down that made me
want to ignore them the more. After I finish Moonlight Enchantment I'll tell
a little about myself. Well please send  any C&C to julieanne14_98@yahoo.com
or  home_gurl_2005@hotmail.com
                                                            Thanks a bunch
:0)
^i^ Merry Christmas and Happy New Year ^i^
                  Julie B.