PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
One Morning
------------------------------------------------------------------------

I wake up. It's not as simple a concept as it sounds. The act is its 
usual disorienting self. However, the consequences are 
downright frightening. Waking up for me is a mixed blessing. On one hand,
I getto greet a beautiful day, with the promise of new and 
interesting things. On the other, I get greeted by my houseguests, with 
the promise of new and interesting things.

I find great pleasure in noticing that Ryoko is not gracing me withher 
presence this particular morning. She is *not* a pretty demon in the 
early hours. She is a fun person, perhaps too much so, but I can't stand 
the way she always butts in on my privacy. It is annoying! 

At the other end of the spectrum lies Ayeka. Now, she is a mystery. She 
can be the most timid person I've ever met at one instant, then a raging 
storm the next. At least Ryoko is always aggressive, not hiding her true 
self at all. However, I can't blame her for being what she was raised to 
be. I mean, I can't stand the thought of having multiple wives, but 
that's just the way I was brought up. 

Every morning, I spend a minute thinking about how to solve my little 
dilemma. Of how to make everyone happy in the end. I find the complexity 
and impossibility makes for a good 'choke' on my mind. Starts me up right
quick, but brings me no closer to a solution. In fact, I usually just think
up more problems. And everyone wonders why I am always in the dark. I like
being there, it's safer. 

I rise from the bed after pondering the great mysteries of my life. Many 
are they, and filled with peril. I feel I should maybe run away sometime.
I pick up a manga that is lying next to my bed. If Ranma couldn't escape
his motley crew, how was I to avoid mine? At least his were mortal, relatively. 

I toss aside the comic in disgust. How the heck am I ever going toget 
out of this?! I don't even know who to blame. Sometime, I blame Grandpa, 
it's like he planned the whole darned thing. However, I have no good 
evidence to that hypothesis, so I just deal with it. Perhaps it's my 
fault, for being so nice? If one can draw a line between ignorant and 
nice, I would be able to see it by looking straight down. It bothers me a lot. 

By now I'm ready for the day. So far, I have been lucky enough not to run
into anyone yet. Not that I don't like the company, it's just that I feel
very crowded. Like the entire universe decided to make its home here in my house.
Thinking of Washu, I realize that's not too far off. 

Washu. Sigh. There's a rather interesting topic. Intellect of a goddess, 
mentality of a teenager in love. I wonder if she really loves me, or if 
it's just scientific? The answer to that one is never any closer than any other.
She usually doesn't make an appearance till later in the day.Probably working 
on another horrid experiment that will whisk us away to Kami only knows where. 
Or, she could be combing her hair. That could take some time. Who knows? 

I make my way downstairs. It seems awfully quiet in the house.
Too quiet, as American westerns like to say. I can only hear some tinkling
from the kitchen. Sasami must be fixing breakfast. She's good at that. Born 
to be a homemaker. As a profession, I can see her doing absolutely anything
she put her mind to, but she is still an excellent housewife. 

Housewife? Where did that come from? Oh no, Tenchi! Don't you start 
again. Admittedly, Sasami is a great person, and will be oh so gorgeous 
when she gets older. Not that she isn't cute now, she's just a little 
young. Which brings me to the problem. I just feel so odd thinking of a 
seemingly twelve year old girl this way. Even if she is ancient in 
comparison to myself, she still *looks* young. It's the Earthling in me 
sticking its head out. 

Argh. That just reminds me again that I'm not even fully human. I'm an 
alien for crying out loud! After eighteen years of watching those sci fi 
B movies, I find I should have been insulted. I have totally veered away 
from sci fi manga. After the Sojya Incident, Macross just doesn't impress
me all that much anymore. I also find this rouge DNA inside me comes with
a few bonuses. One being phenomenal power. The power to blow up a
starship, the power to escape a blackhole. It's all neat until you 
realize you could possibly destroy the planet if someone pissed you off. 
That's the reason I was worried about fighting that pink haired pansy of 
a prince the Emperor brought with him. I thought, if he was good enough 
to activate my Wings, I might accidentally slice Japan in half or 
something. 

Well, this is my life, and I have to live with it. It's not pretty, but 
boy is it exciting. I have to admit, I do not live a boring existence. 
Although I wish I could once and a while. Then, I see all the smiling 
faces of my friends and family all around, and I realize it's worth it. 
All of it. I wouldn't give any of it up for absolutely anything. Maybe
at one time I would have, but I've changed. I can see a bigger picture, 
one that I occupy a very large portion of. I love everyone here, and 
couldn't stand to see any of them hurt. So, I must go on, and fight 
when I am needed. It is my fate, or just my dumb luck. 

Whatever it is, it's the way things are. Not the way things will always 
be, but that doesn't matter. I'll just take it, one morning at atime. 

END
