Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. AIC/Pioneer owns it.




Mothers, Daughters, And Lovers


Ryoko was tired. She was tired of waiting for Tenchi to choose. As 
desperately as she wanted to move on, she couldn't. Something inside of 
her was telling her to wait, to wait for the impossible to come true.

'Yeah right. Like it'll ever come true!' she thought bitterly to 
herself.

'Oh, Little Ryoko!' cooed Washu.

'Damnit, Washu! Would you please stop doing that!' she thought to her 
mother.

'Oh! Is that any way to speak to your mommy?' she asked her.

'To this mommy, yeah. That is the exact way to speak to her,' she spat 
out in her mind.

'Oh well. I was gonna tell ya how to get Tenchi to be more open with 
you, but if you're gonna act like that, I don't think I will,' Washu 
thought back to her daughter.

Ryoko grimaced. 'What can I do to ask for your help?'

Washu grinned physically and mentally. 'Just call me MOM!'

'Ugh, Washu, can't it be something easier?' she asked her.

Washu rolled her eyes. 'Ryoko, it's just a word. It's not too difficult 
to open your mouth and just say it.'

Ryoko grumbled. 'Oh, fine. This had better be good MOM. I don't like 
wasting my time.'

Washu grinned. 'First off, I need to go to where you are, so don't 
move.' 

Ryoko remained silent as Washu appeared in front of her. Washu looked 
at her surroundings and shook her head as she said, "Ryoko, why here?"

"I didn't feel like sleeping on the rafters tonight. I wanted to sleep 
someplace where I could actually relax and not have the feeling of 
falling down," said Ryoko.

"Ironically, you've always been afraid of heights, when you're not 
flying that is. The couch is a more comfortable place to sleep, 
though," said Washu.

"Okay, mom. Let's get this over with," said Ryoko, tiredly.

"Alrighty! The first thing you need to do is give him space," Washu 
said plainly.

"Huh? What do you mean by that?" asked Ryoko

"I mean that, Ryoko, I think that he would be more comfortable if you 
weren't grabbing him all the time," explained Washu.

"Oh," said Ryoko.

"Next, don't be so forward and brazen. Be a little bit more like Ayeka 
in mannerism, even if you think it's boring,"

"Why should I?" Ryoko asked stubbornly.

"Have you ever noticed that Ayeka gets Tenchi's attention more than you 
do just because of the way she acts?" asked Washu.

"And your point would be?" asked Ryoko.

Washu sighed. "My point is if you behave more like Ayeka, you'll get 
Tenchi's attention as well."

"Mom, we're aiming for Tenchi's love here, not his attention," Ryoko 
said dryly. 

"Yeesh, Ryoko! One thing at a time! You are ever so impatient!" 
exclaimed Washu.

"Yeah, well, I'm not gonna wait around another three years for his 
answer. If doesn't give me his answer this year then I'm leaving," said 
Ryoko.

"You would leave just for the fact that Tenchi didn't tell you if he 
loved you or not? You really are impossible, Ryoko," said Washu, 
shaking her head as well.

"Anything else that you may need to tell me?" asked Ryoko, 
sarcastically.

"Yes, actually. Ryoko, I know who Tenchi loves," said Washu.

Ryoko paled for a moment, but then said, "Well then, I might as well 
leave now. See y'around, mom." And with that she phased away.

Washu looked at the spot where her daughter was standing. 'I don't 
understand why she wouldn't let me finish. Does she really think that 
Tenchi doesn't love her?'

Unknown to either Washu or Ryoko, Tenchi had been watching what had 
been transpiring between them from the very beginning of their 
conversation. He noticed that Washu was just standing in the living 
room with a bewildered look on her face. He went downstairs and into 
the living room to see what was wrong with her.

"Little Washu?" he said as he tapped her on one of her shoulders.

"Huh? Oh, Tenchi. What is it that I can do for you?" she asked.

"Actually I came down here to talk to you about what I just saw," he 
said.

"What?" she whispered.

"Little Washu, I saw and heard everything that was going on down here. 
I should be the one to tell her how I feel, not you," said Tenchi.

"Ryoko was gonna leave, Tenchi! What exactly do you think I should have 
done? Let her?!" she nearly yelled out.

"No, but you could have not brought it up. She left before you even had 
a chance to tell her and now, who knows where she could be," Tenchi 
said sadly, holding back the tears in his eyes.

"I'll try my link and you try her usual spots. Got it?" asked Washu.

Tenchi nodded and left immediately. Washu felt her heart grow sadder by 
the minute. 'Oh, my daughter. Where could you be?'

Tenchi had checked everywhere. He had checked the roof, the cave, the 
field, the clearings and the cherry blossom trees nearby. She was 
nowhere around those areas and just when he almost had given up hope, 
he heard her, right by his grandfather's tree, Funaho.

Ryoko had been crying an endless stream of tears, muttering to herself 
on how could anyone love a pirate and a demon. Slowly, Tenchi walked up 
to her and grabbed her into a hug, which startled Ryoko to no end.

"Te...Tenchi!" she exclaimed and blushed at the same time.

Tenchi heard her, but he was too busy breathing in her sweet scent. 
'She smells so wonderful! Just like cherry blossoms.'

Ryoko was still blushing and wondering why Tenchi would grab her like 
that all of a sudden.

Tenchi caressed her soft cyan hair and said, "Please, please don't you 
ever leave me like that again!"

Ryoko pulled away from his embrace and asked, "Did Washu put you up to 
this?"

Tenchi shook his head and said, "No. She asked me to go look for you, 
but she never told me to behave like this in front of you. I thought 
that you were gone. And if that were the case, I'd be totally lost 
without you."

Ryoko felt the blush on her face increase in redness. "Washu told me 
that she knew who you love. Is that true?"

"Yes, Ryoko. It's true," said Tenchi.

"Well, I'll wait then for you to tell me, if you want to tell me," said 
Ryoko.

"How do you do it, Ryoko?" asked Tenchi.

Ryoko looked confused. "Do what, Tenchi?"

"How do you put up with me and my indecisiveness?" he asked.

Ryoko smiled. "That's easy, Tenchi. It's because I love you so much."

Tenchi pulled her closer. "I know that you love me, Ryoko."

Ryoko felt her tears brewing anew in her eyes. "Then why can't you love 
me back? Is it because I'm a pirate, a demon, or both?"

"None of the above," said Tenchi.

"Then why? Why don't you show me any attention like you do with Ayeka?" 
she asked, nastily.

"I'm giving you attention right now, Ryoko," said Tenchi.

"Nuh uh, Tenchi. This is not attention. This is pity, Tenchi. A 
beautiful person such as yourself could never love a demon like me," 
she said, bitterly.

"I could, Ryoko. Very easily. Besides, you're not a demon, Ryoko. 
You're an angel," he said as he pulled her even closer than before.

Ryoko noticed this. "What are you doing, Tenchi?"

"I'm trying to make two people's dreams come true, but one of them 
won't participate," said Tenchi with a grin.

"Huh?" said a confused Ryoko. 'What the hell is he talking about?' she 
thought to herself.

"You wanted me to love you, right?" he asked, just to make sure.

Ryoko nodded numbly and Tenchi's grin widened. "Well then, if I do 
that, I want you to do me a favor in return."

Ryoko held onto him nervously. "And what is that, Tenchi?"

"Love me back," he whispered into her right ear as he began to nibble 
sensuously on it.

Ryoko moaned slightly. She then asked, "Do you love me?"

Tenchi nodded. "Yes, I do, my angel. I do."

Ryoko smiled at him as he started to kiss at her again. He worked his 
way from her ear, placing small, gentle kisses on her neck, which in 
turn made her purr. 

Tenchi had moved behind Ryoko and wrapped his arms around her waist, 
While he kept on kissing at her neck, his roaming hands found their way 
up the front of her shirt. As soon as Ryoko felt this, she dodged away. 
Tenchi just sat there with a confused look on his face.

"No, Tenchi. Not here, not now. Besides, I'm not even ready for that 
step, yet," she said.

"Why do you feel so uncomfortable with it? I mean, haven't you, well, 
err...done this before?" he asked, embarrassed.

"No, Tenchi. I have never done this before," said Ryoko.

Tenchi looked at her ashamed. "I'm sorry for pushing you, Ryoko."

"It's ok, Tenchi. I mean, how could you have known?" she asked.

"That's true, but I still should have at least asked if you wanted to," 
said Tenchi.

"Well then, you have only one way to make it up to me," purred Ryoko.

"And that is?" he asked, curiously.

"Kiss me," she purred once more.

Tenchi drew Ryoko into a long, sensuous and loving kiss. They stayed 
like that for a good five minutes. Once they broke apart, Tenchi was 
out of breath and Ryoko had a happy glow to her face.

"Is that what you wanted, my angel?" he asked.

"Yes, darling. That was wonderful!" she exclaimed happily.

"I'm sleepy, how about you?" he asked.

"Yes, actually," she replied.

"Well, come on then. Let's get home or your mother will worry sick 
about you," said Tenchi.

Ryoko laughed at the comment and Tenchi looked confused. Ryoko just 
gave him the look that told him not to worry about it. As soon as they 
got back to the house, they both saw Washu standing there and waiting 
for them.

The first comment to come out of Washu's mouth was, "You've gotta learn 
how to control that mind barrier of yours, Little Ryoko."

Ryoko scowled at her mother. "Oh, can it, mom!"

For a moment, Washu stopped before she said anything sarcastic and said 
instead, "You called me mom."

Ryoko grinned sheepishly. "Yeah, I guess I did."

"Tenchi, I want you to take good care of my little girl. She means a 
whole lot to me," she said.

Tenchi turned his face towards Ryoko's and smiled. "No problem, Little 
Washu."

"Thank you, Tenchi," said Washu with a smile as she went back inside 
and into her lab.

"I'll teleport us back up to your room, if you like," offered Ryoko.

"I'd like that, thanks," he replied, gratefully.

Ryoko held onto Tenchi and teleported them both up into his room. As 
soon as they got there they both threw off their shoes and jumped into 
bed cuddling up against each other.

"Goodnight, my angel," said Tenchi with a yawn.

"Goodnight, my Tenchi," said Ryoko with a yawn and a smile.

As soon as they were done saying their goodnights, they both fell 
asleep right after in each other's arms.




End




A/N: I hope that this was good. If anyone didn't know, this was an OAV 
based fic. I was inspired by beautiful dreamer and Silver to write this 
ficlet here. Hope I get some reviews for it, but as they say in Japan, 
ja ne!








 

