From: Robert Hadley <PMasters@webtv.net>

Hello, again.  It's Phillip Masters with another fanfic.  This is based
on Tenchi Muyo!  Ryo-ohki (all rights reserved), in other words, it does
not belong to me.  I am just using the characters for, hopefully, some
entertainment.  So, sit back, and read away!
Mother
By:  Phillip Masters

"Tell me about your mother."
She leaned back in the plush couch.  He had unloaded the greatest cliche
in psycological history on her, and she balked.  Just hearing about her
mother sent emotional shivers through her mind.  
After weeks of lying on this couch, she thought she had dealt with
everything.  Seems she had been wrong.
"Ryoko?"  The doctor asked, a worried look crossing his usually calm
gaze.
She looked at him for a moment.  "My mother?"  It was more a statement
than a question, but required a response none the less.
"Yes, what was your childhood like?"
Ryoko thought back, way back.  It was hard to recall her childhood, if
that's what you wanted to call it.  She brought forth an image of her
mother, Washu.  The short, statuesque woman with a wise, yet maniacle,
gleam in her eyes.  This vision of her creator came with a torrent of
memories.  She could remember being strapped into various machines,
being prodded, tested for heaven knows what.  Ryoko remembered her only
friend, a small animal.  She named it Ryo-ohki.  This actually seemed to
please her mother, who had created Ryo-ohki as well.  However, what
divided her from her new pet, was an egg.  Ryoko had been borne of
Washu's ovae, while Ryo-ohki was a product of mineral
transmogrifacation.  This was the only pride Ryoko held for her mother,
was the fact that she could create, create good.  Her mother had also
spoken of dimention and mass crossover formulae, but, at the time, had
been totally lost on Ryoko.  She just knew that Ryo-ohki could also turn
into a neat spaceship, and didn't care _how_ she did it.  So life was
for a number of years like this.  Experimenting, learning, and, all in
all, a relatively normal existance, considering.  Then, something
happened.  One day, when she was racing Ryo-ohki, her mother called for
her.  She didn't like the tone her mother had.  She had never heard that
particular inclination in her mothers words before.  Her mother sounded
afraid.  Ryoko could remember the following conversation as though it
happened yesterday.
--------------------------------------------------------------
"Ryoko.  I must... leave now."  Her mother's eyes were not meeting hers,
for a reason she couldn't fathom.
"Mom?"  She asked, not believing what she had just heard.  "What do you
mean?"
"My little Ryoko, I'm afraid I can't stay with you anymore."  A tear
slowly worked its way down her mother's face.
She had never, ever, seen her mother cry before.  It frightened her, and
told her she was being absolutely serious.  "Why?"  Was all she could
manage, she felt a small lump in her stomach she had never felt before.
"I can't put you in danger.  So... I must leave."  She couldn't imagine
the kind of grief her mother was going through at that point.  What
enormous feat of will it was for her to keep from breaking down
completely.
"What danger?  Mother, what are you talking about?!"  She was slowly
becoming agitated as the lump grew.  Why wasn't her mother saying
anything?!
"The less you know, the safer you'll be."  Was all her mother answered.
Then, she left.
Ryoko didn't know what to do after that.  Her life had seemed so simple,
and controlled.  Where was she to go now?  She could't stay here, she
didn't know how to run any of the equipment.  Then, the obvious struck
her.  She did know how to run one peice of equipment!  Well, more
exactly, how to get a certain peice of equipment to run itself.
"Ryo-ohki!"  She called from the outside of what was her home.
---------------------------------------------------------------
"So, you called for your pet?"  Prodded the psychiatrist, with a warm
and gentle voice.
Ryoko jumped a bit.  She didn't realize she was vocalizing her thoughts
the whole time!  At first she felt a bit of rage and embarrasment that
someone knew of the past she had been keeping bottled up for thousands
of years.  Then, it dawned on her that she felt good for having shared
her pain.  She calmed down, and decided to answer the question, and
continue.
"Yes, I called for my ship."
---------------------------------------------------------------
The small, furry animal came bounding out of the nearby forest with a
look of glee on its face.  "Meow!"  Ryo-ohki proclaimed as she aproached
her.
"That's a good girl."  She purred as she carefully picked up the happy
creature.
Then, Ryo-ohki looked into her eyes.  The playfulness ended.  Somehow,
she knew, right there, that they're lives would never be the same.
Ryo-ohki somehow saw the hurt and loss, and even betrayal, that she felt
at that moment.  She pulled her arm back, and the innocent looking
animal barred its teeth, awaiting the inevitable.  Ryo-ohki flew through
the air, feeling the familiar rush as something inside her opened up.
Ryoko looked on with pride as Ryo-ohki exploded into her alternate form,
a spaceship.  She stared a moment at the asthetic grace of the craft
before signalling Ryo-ohki to bring her aboard.  
Once in the safe belly of the vessel, she thought of what to do now.
She could go absolutel anywhere in the Universe she wanted to.  However,
as she thought of intresting and mysterious places beyond, one thing
nagged her constantly:  What happed to her mother?  She soon found she
was not content in just leaving well enough alone, and decided to go
after her.  She tried to feel abandoned and forgotten, but she couldn't
lie to herself.  She knew her mother missed her dearly, wherever she
was.  This, she could not bear, and told Ryo-ohki to follow the ion
trail of her mother's recently departed ship. 
Ryo-ohki obediantly tracked and trailed the path of energized particals.
They flew through the empty void of space for what seemed like months,
before reaching something.
A huge spacecraft floated before them, an oasis in an otherwise desolate
blot of space.  This didn't excite her one bit though, the fact that her
mother's ion trail eneded here, did.
She instantly ordered communications with the ship.  A moment later a
rather tall man with small round glasses came on the screen.
"Ah, you made it."  Was all she remembered him saying, then everything
blacked out.
The next few millennia was a blur, as she only caught a few bits and
peices of it.  The last thing she remembered was being submerged in a
pool of water, and then darkness once more.  However, this time darkness
was not all there was.  She was able to view the outside world still,
even from her stone prison.  Over the next seven hundred years she
waited, waited for something to happen, something that would set her
free.  Then, it did.  The boy she had watched grow up, had felt his
sorrow and his cheer.  This boy, who was all that she knew now, finally
set her free.  She instantly felt something she had never felt before,
yet hinted at many times, love and devotion.
Unfortunately, she knew of only one way to get what she desired, take it
by force.  She attacked the boy, expecting him to fall before her
quickly, but it was not to be.  For, this boy, Tenchi, was special.  He
alone holds power, and the key.  To what, no one seems to know, but he
will be the deciding factor in the future to come.  He beat her, and she
learned yet another lesson, humility.  She gracefully accepted defeat,
but not for long.  If she couldn't win him through battle, then she
would just win him over.  So, she transformed herself, into what she
thought he wanted.  
Then, as the Universe often does, it hurled a few clogs into the gears.
Ayeka, and her annoying little sister, Sasami showed up.  As if this
wan't bad enough, a ditsy blond has to stick her two cents in.  Even
Ryo-ohki, though new in essance was still _her_ Ryo-ohki, was turning
traitor on her!
Everything then seemed to be running somewhat smoothly, for a while at
least.  It was then, that Kagato showed up.  She was furious, she wanted
nothing more than to rip him limb from limb.  However, just as before,
he had that same annoying power over her!  She tried to fight it this
time, with all her might, but ultimately failed.  He turned her to stone
in the end, and she thought that was the end.  
Then, she was suddenly awake again.  And on top of that she was there!
Her mother, who at first she didn't recognize, was there!  After
thousands of years of not knowing where she had gone, or what had
happened to her, she was right here, entirely unchanged!  
At first came elation, but that was soon replaced with a slight
loathing.  Why had she left?  To come here?  To be with this vile
creature, Kagato?
These were questions that desperately needed answering, but would have
to wait.  Tenchi needed her help, and reminiscence would have to wait.
Tenchi easily defeated Kagato, and the Soja as well.  The ship was
sliced like bread, and they all fled the doomed vessel.
---------------------------------------------------------------
"From that point on, I've kinda shuned my mother.  I could't face the
straight fact that she was infact my true mom, and that she cared for
me."
"Hmm.  So, what does this tell you?"  The psychiatrist asked, using his
usual neutral tone.
"That maybe I was a bit hard on her.  I later learned that she was
protecting me from Kagato and it broke her heart that I followed her.
She still hasn't completely forgiven herself for the fact that she left
such and easy trail for me to follow.  She doesn't think I have forgiven
her either."
 "Have you?"
Ryoko looked a little shocked at this unexpected query.  She thought a
moment before answering.  "I don't think I ever blamed her at all."
"Well, Ryoko, that's it for this week.  I hope to see you next week at
the same time.  And think about what we talked about today, or more to
the point, what you talked about."
Ryoko rose from the couch, stretching her tight muscles.  She left the
office of the Juraian psychiatrics office, and headed for her ship.
Once aboard, she asked Ryo-ohki to take her home.
With a collosal "Meow!", the cabbit-turned-starship launched into space.
Upon arriving on Earth once more, Ryoko reflected on her most recent
visit.  She decided she had to find one person.  She went to the door
set in the side of the staircase and, with a deep breath, opened it. 
A familiar lurching was felt as she stepped across the threshold, into
her mother's lab.  A clicking noise greeted her on the other side.
"Yes?"  Came the call from the figure on a floating cusion before her.
Ryoko stared at the back of her mother's head, noting how familiar their
hair was, even though it was a different color.
It seemed like and eternity before her mother got fed up and just turned
to look at who had intruded.
"Oh, Ryoko.  What do you want?"  She asked as her features softened.
This was not entirely lost on Ryoko.  "Mother."
Washu's eyebrows raised a bit.  "Yes?"
The only words that came to her lips at that point, as she stared into
her mother's caring eyes, were:  "I love you."

------------------
END
------------------
Okay, where did this come from?  I have no clue!  I just sat down and
wrote this, right onto the TV screen (I have web TV) and sent it in.  As
I sit here now, at three in the morning, I can barily remember what I
just wrote, so C&C would be greatly appreciated.  Send E mail to
PMasters@webtv.net, and visit my fanfiction web page at the URL below.
Thank you, and good night!

"My God, it's full of stars!" - 2010 
Still in search of the Lost Chord... 
Http://www.iwaynet.net/~dr.diddy/masters   PMasters@webtv.net 
Member of the #AAS#:  Achika appreciation society and member of #WASHU#:  Washu's Acadamy of Science and Higher Understanding.


Hello!  If you didn't read Mother, you should, but you didn't have to,
to read this story.  In Mother, Ryoko (who was seeing a psyciatrist) got
closer to her mother.  So, this is based on the OVA, obviously.  And, of
course, I do not own any of the characters depicted here (any outside
characters that might appear, I made up, but I don't have any rights
to).  Enough babble, on with the show!
Mother
Part two
By:  Phillip Masters

     Tenchi glanced up from his studying, having been distracted by a
familiar noise.  The sounds of hatred and destruction wafted up from
downstairs.  He sighed, as this was quite the regular occurance at the
Masaki residence.  He didn't like it that way, but what was he to do
about it?  Finally, after listening to a few lamps shatter, he decided
to go and investigate.  Sure, he knew this was stupid, but he would
throw himself into danger in order to save what was left of the house.
     As Tenchi approached the top of the staircase, he was greeted by a
small, brown UFO.  The projectile soon made herself known, as she emited
a terrified "Meow!"
     Tenchi plucked Ryo-ohki out of the air, trying to figure out how
she had been tossed up the stairs in the first place.  This fight was
obviously getting out of hand.  He slowly rubbed the slightly shaking
animal as he started down the steps.
     The sight that greeted him at the stairwell was not one he would
have placed outside an old B movie.  Replace Godzilla with Ryoko, and
the Smog Monster with Ayeka, and you would not come close to the scene
of devastation before him.  The front door was off its hinges, bits of
once good furniture were strewn about.  It was hell incarnate!
     Tenchi was not happy.  "What is going on down here?!"  He bellowed,
something he rarely did.
     The sound of their one true love brought Ryoko and Ayeka out of
their blood lust.  Four puppy dog eyes turned on Tenchi, making him lose
some of his hard edge.
     "Oh, Tenchi!"  Whined Ryoko.  "She started it, that evil person
said you didn't love me!"  She was pointing an accusing finger at Ayeka.
     Ayeka, mostly out of habit, instantly retorted. "That is a lie!  I
only said Tenchi didn't want you!"  The last few words were said an
octave lower than the first.
     Ryoko looked somewhere between tears and world domination.  Tenchi
feared which path she was going to choose.  So, out of
self-preservation, he said, "That is not true Ayeka!"
     Ryoko did an incredible 180.  The look of loathing on her face
melted into one of pure adoration.  Along with this, she vanished, and
reapeared next to Tenchi.  Her arms draped around him in a most
provacative fasion.  She shot a glance at Ayeka.  "See, Tenchi likes
me!" She said, with honey dripping from her voice.
     "Now Ryoko, that wasn't an invitation to fondle me though."  Tenchi
pleaded, though it came out a little muffled.  He was a teenage boy
after all.
     "Unhand him Ms. Ryoko!"  Ayeka screamed, the little vein in her
forhead working overtime.
     "Oh, Ayeka, your just jelous, that Tenchi said he likes me and not
you!"  Ryoko taunted.
     "That's not what I meant!  Oh, forget it!"  Tenchi exasperated as
he removed Ryoko's arms from him, and started out the door.  "I'm going
to go train with Grandpa!"
     Ryoko and Ayeka stared as Tenchi exited the house, with blank looks
on their faces.  Then, Ryoko turned to Ayeka smiling.  "He said he likes
me, he said he likes me!"  She even stuck her tongue out to accent her
words.
     "Ooooo."  Ayeka said through clenched teeth, her face turning a
light purple.  The air seemed to calm for a moment, then the small logs
appeared around the room.
     Ryoko smiled.
     Tenchi closed his eyes as he heard explosions once more ring from
the house.  He approached the shrine, after many steps.  He paused at
the top of the stairway to reflect on the relative peace of the shrine
grounds.  A moment later, he heard a rustle to his right.  He barily
leapt out of the way in time, as a bokken slashed through the space he
so recently occupied.  He landed and took up a fighting stance, his hand
instinctively going for Tenchi-ken, located at his belt.
     His grandfather stood in front of him in a similar stance, his
glasses reflecting the setting sun.  
     Tenchi withdrew his sword, activating it with a thought.  A pure
blue blade lanced out of the wooden hilt.  He brought the sword up,
looking at his opponent though the transluscent weapon.
     The two stood, staring at one another for what seemed like an
eternity.  Then, Yosho made a move.  Azure energy leaping about his
wooden sword, he jumped at Tenchi.
     Tenchi threw up his sword to deflect the blow.  His grandfather
quickly came around with a follow up strike.  Tenchi deflected this one
as well.  He was pleased with his defense, but it was only tiring him
out.  He needed an opening.
     Yosho was happy with how much Tenchi was improving.  He seemed much
more confident, and able to judge moves before they landed.  He thought
he aught to try something new on the boy.  He lashed out with the most
complicated sword maneuver in his arsenal.
     Tenchi was beginning to worry, when suddenly it happened.
     Yosho was bringing around his sword for what he though was the
final blow.  However, to his surprise a small, almost invisible sheild
came into existance in front of his swing.  His bokken impacted with the
barrier, and he looked up, but a little too late.  Tenchi's blade was
allready at his throat.
     The duo stood there, in the same position, as birds were returning
to their nest's for the night.  A slight breeze passed throught the
defeator and the defeated.  
     Finally, the small sheild Tenchi had called forth vanished, as did
his sword.  He lowered his hand, and backed away from his grandfather.
He then gave a polite bow, signifying respect.  
     Yosho returned the bow, and stared at his grandson for a moment.
"My boy,"  he began, then paused, "you have learned all you can from me.
Now, you must continue your training."
     Tenchi took on a confused expression.  "Where, Grandpa?  From who?"
     "I don't know that Tenchi.  You must search, be it here, on Earth,
or out there in the Universe somewhere.  You must become the best that
you can be, never stop training, ever."
     "Why?  Why do I have to leave?!  Why do I have to be so damn
good!?"  Tenchi was not happy.  He rather liked it here.  He certainly
didn't want to think of leaving Earth!
     "Tenchi, my boy, you are in the middle of something big.  Something
that someday you will have to face directly.  For part of it, you must
trust your judgement.  For another, more sinister part, you must trust
your abilities.  For the good of the Galaxy you must become the best!"
     Tenchi didn't know what to say.  He always figured he would stay
here for the rest of his life.  He would marry, get a job, have a
family, and pass on.  Just like any normal Japanese citizen.  Except for
one thing, he was also a Juraian citizen, and on top of that next in
line for the throne.  He relized he had obligations that couldn't be
ignored, but he tried anyway.  Now, those obligations became absolutely
clear before him.  He had to do it.  He had to go.  The only problem was
where he was going to go, and how the people who loved him were going to
take the news.

END Part 2

So, it wasn't very long.  The next part should be out soon though, and
should be quite a bit longer.  Send C&C to PMasters@webtv.net as well as
check out my fanfic page at http://www.iwaynet.net/~dr.diddy/masters
Thanks, and until next time!

"My God, it's full of stars!" - 2010 
Still in search of the Lost Chord... 
Http://www.iwaynet.net/~dr.diddy/masters   PMasters@webtv.net 
Member of the #AAS#:  Achika appreciation society and 
member of #WASHU#:  Washu's Acadamy of Science and Higher Understanding.
