TENCHI MUYO! : "Mother's Day"
by Ryan Mathews

CHAPTER NINE

        Three days later, Tenchi and all the girls were back at the Masaki
residence, explaining the details of their adventure to Tenchi's father and
grandfather.
        "Queen Misaki and Queen Funaho wanted to come back with us," Tenchi
wrapped up, "but they had to stay and explain everything to the Emperor."
        "We were leaving on Mihoshi's ship just as the Imperial flagship
entered orbit," said Ryoko.  "That was nerve-wracking."
        "Good thing we weren't flying Ryo-oh-ki," said Tenchi, petting the
cabbit, who was munching happily on a carrot.
        Mihoshi entered.  "Hi, everyone!  Isn't it a *wonderful* day?!"
She hummed happily to herself as she sat down in front of the TV and turned
on her favorite show.
        "I swear," said Aeka, "won't she *ever* come down?"  Mihoshi was on
a high from her first ever completely uneventful landing on Earth.  The fact
that she had had help from everyone on board was completely lost on her.
        "So how was *your* trip?" Tenchi asked his elders.
        "Oh the convention was pretty boring," said Father.
        "So we spent a lot of time on the beach," said Grandfather.
        "Checking out the girls in bikinis!"
        "And getting slapped a lot."
        Tenchi sighed.  It figured.
        Sasami came in, carrying a plate.  "I made some cookies!"
        Everyone thanked her and happily dug in.
        Ryoko got up after eating a cookie and walked over to Aeka.  "Hey,
Aeka, I've been meaning to thank you."
        "For what?"
        "You know, saving my ass from the Juraians.  They hate my guts over
there.  I'm still banned from their space.  I wouldn't have survived without
help from the royals."
        "You really should thank my aunt for that.  I had little to do with
it."
        "Nevertheless, thank you very much."  Ryoko bowed politely.  Her
head came off and plopped into Aeka's lap.
        Aeka screamed at the top of her lungs, pushing the head off her lap
and running out of the room in a panic.  Ryoko laughed hysterically, her
face turning red and her body rolling on the floor convulsing.
        "Looks like everything is back to normal," said Sasami.
        Tenchi sighed and bit into another cookie.  Only here would this be
considered "normal".
        Washu walked by and went into her lab.  Ryoko grabbed her head and
teleported after her.
        "So," said Grandfather.  "How is Washu holding up?"
        "About as well as can be expected," Tenchi replied.

        Washu sat at her data console, trying her best to get into her work,
but only partly succeeding.  She missed her baby.  In her heart, she knew
had made the right decision, but that knowledge didn't make her feel any
better.
        Monshu was a new, innocent life.  But he had been born from the
genetic material of Lhim-Zen.  He shared all of Zen's genetic traits,
including a predisposition toward certain forms of mental and emotional
dysfunction.  Left untreated, Monshu would grow up to be the same vicious
sociopath Lhim-Zen had been.
        This was not something Washu could fix instantly with her science.
The only known cure for sociopathic traits was a lifetime of treatment, and
the best place in the galaxy to receive that treatment was on Jurai.  When
Misaki had offered to make Monshu a ward of the Royal Family, Washu agreed.
Monshu would be raised in what was essentially an orphanage.
        Washu repeated to herself that she was not leaving her child, that
she would see him again, that she would be involved in his upbringing.
Nonetheless, the truth was that the time she would spend away from her son
would far outweigh the time she would spend with him.  To make matters
worse, the fact that she would never be completely welcome on Jurai would
complicate matters forever.  She had taken the liberty of hiding a portal on
Jurai, which she could access through her lab, but it would be years before
she could feel safe using it.  Until then, she would simply have to trust
that her baby was in the best hands.
        She heard a knock on the door.  "Come in!"  She turned around to see
who it was.  "Oh, Ryoko."
        "I've, um, been meaning to give you something," Ryoko said.  She
handed Washu a small, crudely-wrapped gift.
        "For me?  Thanks!"  Washu opened it.  When she saw what it was, her
eyes began to tear up.
        "I, uh, know it's, like, late, y'know.  And it's not much.  But I
wanted to give you something," said Ryoko, stumbling nervously.  "And, like,
I know you like crabs and stuff."
        "Thank you.  It's beautiful," said Washu, her voice wavering.
        "Great!  I'm glad you like it!  Well, I'll, um, be going.  See you
later!"  Ryoko left.
        Washu turned the gift over in her hands.  It was just a pretty
clasp, in the shape of a crab, set with red-tinted glass cut to resemble
gems.  Underneath the crab were the three most beautiful Roman letters Washu
had ever seen.
        "MOM".

                              T H E   E N D
