TENCHI MUYO! : "Mother's Day"
by Ryan Mathews

CHAPTER SIX

        "Are you sure you're okay, Aeka?"  Tenchi asked.  He, Misaki, and
Sasami were huddled around her bed in the infirmary.  Misaki had insisted
upon having Aeka examined, despite her protests that she was fine.
        "I'm fine", she repeated.  "Really.  My headache is almost
completely gone.  But," she continued, taking Tenchi's hand, "it's so kind
of you to be concerned.
        On the other side of the bed, Misaki grinned her approval.
        "Did you see Ryoko?" Sasami asked.  "Is she okay?"
        "We didn't see her," said Tenchi, grateful for an excuse to let go
of Aeka's hand.  "She'd already left.  That's why her monster was out of
control."
        "I hope they don't hurt her.  Everyone thinks Ryoko is an evil
pirate, but I know she's really kind and gentle inside!"
        Tenchi put a hand on Sasami's shoulder.  "We all know that.  And
we're going to get Ryoko back.  I promise."
        Sasami hugged him.  "Oh, Tenchi!"  Behind her, Aeka grimaced, and a
bead of sweat appeared on Misaki's brow.
        The door opened, and in came D'Guerran.  "Your Highnesses.
Princess, are you well?"
        Aeka sighed and rolled her eyes.  "I'm fine.  Honestly!  Where are
Aunt Funaho and Washu?  I requested their release so they could visit me."
        "Queen Funaho is on her way.  She has been released only
temporarily.  In her stubbornness, she insists upon being imprisoned as
long as Washu remains so.  As for Washu, I'm sorry, but she must remain in
custody."
        "But she saved our lives!" protested Aeka.
        "She also endangered them by helping to create the situation in the
first place.  And she saved them using technology that I want kept under
strict observation.
        D'Guerran turned to Tenchi.  "Your Highness.  I need to speak to
you."
        "Uh, sure," said Tenchi.  "Go ahead."
        "Alone."

        Ryoko stood in a corner of Ryo-oh-ki's bridge, quietly contemplating
her next move.  Before her, Lhim-Zen continued examining data from the many
consoles he had installed.  As was his usual habit, he paid no attention to
her whatsoever.  Ryoko preferred it stay that way, and so she thought
"quietly", trying to stay under the limits of his newfound telepathy.
        Ryoko needed a plan.  That was a problem, because planning had never
been her strong suit.  Her idea of a plan was to fly in, guns blazing, and
kick as much ass as she could.  Now she needed to learn subtlety.
        Lhim-Zen would have a plan of his own soon, and it would certainly
involve the kidnapping of Sasami and her retrieval to Ryo-oh-ki.  Ryoko had
to prevent this.  However, she knew her limitations.  She knew that as long
as Lhim-Zen had the controller, she was powerless to resist him.  The moment
he put into action a plan to kidnap the princess, she would have no choice
but to comply.  If she was to win her freedom, she needed help, and there
was only one person who could give her that help.
        Somehow, Ryoko had to get to the surface, in the presence of Washu,
and pray that the diminutive genius would be able to break the spell.  But
how to convince Lhim-Zen to contact Washu?  Lhim-Zen, who preferred to work
behind the scenes, who preferred that as few people as possible knew of his
existence, would never agree to that.  Ryoko needed a miracle.
        And suddenly, she had one.  There, on Ryo-oh-ki's viewscreen, was
Ryoko's dark-skinned, blonde miracle.
        "Hellooooo!  Mihoshi to Ryo-O-kohh!" said Mihoshi, sing-song.  "Come
in!  Are you there?"
        Lhim-Zen stopped what he was doing and looked at the viewscreen.
"How in the hells..."
        Mihoshi expression showed recognition.  "I know you!  You're Ryoko's
brother!  I thought you were going to a spaceport or something."
        "We... We were detained."  Lhim-Zen checked coordinate displays for
anomalies.  He flashed a Ryoko a look that said the obvious:  say nothing or
you'll regret it.
        "Oh, I see."
        "May I ask how you found us?  We've been... stranded here in this
position for days.  We fear the planet's electromagnetic field is cloaking
us."
        "Hey!  That would explain why I didn't see you at first!  I guess it
was just dumb luck.  I have a lot of that."  She laughed.  "So, would you
like a tow or something?"
        "That would be wonderful," said Zen.  "If you'll move into docking
position, I'll hook us up."
        "Comin' right up!"
        Lhim-Zen began frantically touching switches on the operations
console.  Ryo-oh-ki began to rotate slowly and hum.  Ryoko recogized the
sound.  The main gun was charging.
        She rushed forward.  "Mihoshi, get out of here!"  Lhim-Zen back-
handed her across the face, knocking her down.
        "Hey, that wasn't very nice!" said Mihoshi.
        Lhim-Zen touched a pad.  The gun fired.  Ryoko looked on helplessly
as the torrent of energy rushed towards Mihoshi's ship.
        And hooked.
        The beam curved almost forty-five degrees to port, dealing Mihoshi a
glancing blow and sending her plummeting toward Jurai.
        "No..." said Lhim-Zen.  He stared at the screen in disbelief for a
moment, then completely lost his cool.  "NO!" he screamed.  "How did this
happen?  HOW?!"  He checked readouts.  "The same effect that's keeping me
hidden.  It somehow warped the beam.  But that's... That's impossible!  The
chance of that happening is less than one in two billion!"
        Lhim-Zen began to shake.  Now was the time.  If Ryoko was going to
pull it off, she had to press this advantage while she had it.  She
approached him.
        "What do you do now, Zen?"
        "Shut up."
        "They know you're here now.  They've sensed the energy blast that
was supposed to have been absorbed by Mihoshi's ship."
        "Shut up.  I have to think."
        "Trust me, Mihoshi will survive the fall.  She's Galaxy Police.
Jurai won't let her splatter against their force field.  I'm sure they've
let her through already.  Oh, she'll crash, but crash landings are her
speciality.  She'll walk away without a scratch.  So if they can't pinpoint
your position, she'll lead them right to you."
        "SHUT UP!!" Suddenly the controller was in his hand, and it was
pointed right at her.
        Ryoko swallowed hard and pressed on.  "You could do that.  Of
course, if you do, you can give up all hope of getting your hands on
Tsunami's seed."
        "Why would you help me?"
        "Because I want you out of my life.  Once you finish this
experiment, we're quits, right?  You'll set me and Ryo-oh-ki free and I'll
never have to see you again.  Isn't that true?"  <Of course it isn't true,>
Ryoko thought, hoping Zen was too rattled to read her mind.  <But lie, you
bastard.>
        "Yes, of course.  Once I've completed my work, I'll leave you."
        "So.  I have a huge incentive to help you, don't I?"
        "Go on."
        "Stealth isn't going to work.  The Juraian forces will be converging
on us in a matter of hours.  You have to take the direct approach.  Hold the
planet hostage for the seed."
        "That isn't the way I work."
        "Well, adapt, dammit!" Ryoko shouted.  Lhim-Zen jumped just
slightly, which was oh so satisfying.  "Surely with *your* mind you can come
up with something to scare the Juraians sufficiently to get them to part
with one tiny seed!"
        Lhim-Zen thought, staring past Ryoko.  "Maybe...  Yes.  Yes, it just
might work."  He vanished the controller and began searching the floor.
"Where is it?  I know I threw it over here...  Ah!"  He held up the seed.
"This flawed seed might not be so useless after all."
        Ryoko walked closer.  "What are you--"
        Zen materialized the controller and turned her off.

        Tenchi followed D'Guerran through the palace.  The Captain of the
Guard hadn't said a word since he'd asked to speak with Tenchi.  Several
times Tenchi had opened his mouth to ask what was this was about, but
quickly shut it again as they turned a corner or entered another room.
Finally, D'Guerran opened a pair of small, ornate doors and the two of them
walked outside into a small courtyard.
        Tenchi looked about.  The courtyard was surrounded by sculpted
hedges and a fountain.  In the center of the fountain, a marble statue
depicted a Juraian warrior in the opening pose of the Juraian style of
swordplay.  "Where are we?"
        "This is the dueling yard," said D'Guerran.  "Emperors and princes
have sharpened their skills here for millenia."  He walked to a wooden
cabinet and opened it.  Inside were an array of swords, of various sizes,
but all distinctly Juraian.  D'Guerran chose one and hefted it.  "Please,
choose a weapon."
        Tenchi blinked.  "Sir?  Are you challenging me to a duel?"
        "Yes."  Sensing Tenchi's alarm, D'Guerran added, "Just a sparring
match, your highness."
        "I hardly think this is the time!"
        "I disagree," D'Guerran said sharply.  "I think there is no better
time."
        Realizing D'Guerran wasn't about to take "no" for an answer, Tenchi
approached the sword cabinet.  He chose a sword that resembled the length
and weight of his familiar boken.
        D'Guerran smiled.  "A kavinar.  An interesting choice.  Would you do
me the honor of approaching first?"
        Tenchi nodded.  The two warriors struck the opening pose, then
Tenchi came forward.  Being unfamiliar with both his opponent and his
weapon, he was tentative, and D'Guerran took advantage, driving Tenchi back
five steps.  Tenchi gathered his composure and stood his ground.
Concentrating on D'Guerran's movements, he found a small opening and
attacked.  D'Guerran blocked in time, but was forced to retreat.
        The two fought back and forth for a minute.  Though D'Guerran had
the better of the competition, Tenchi consistently won back any ground he
relinquished.  Finally, Tenchi did manage to drive D'Guerran back towards
his side of the court.
        D'Guerran jumped back two steps.  "Not bad.  You've been trained
well, Your Highness.  If I didn't know better, I'd say you were trained by
Yosho himself."
        Tenchi swallowed.  Did he know?
        D'Guerran lowered his sword.  "Why didn't you tell me what you were
planning?"
        "I'm not sure what you mean."
        "What else would I mean?" said D'Guerran exasperatedly.  "You snuck
around behind my back to plan your monster-destroying mission.  As if
embarrassing me in front of my own men wasn't enough, you put the Princess
Aeka in danger."
        "Now wait a minute!" said Tenchi, becoming angry.  "That was Aeka's
idea!  I needed her force field to approach the beast!  And I had the
approval of both Queens!"
        "It never occurred to you that such a field could be generated
artificially?"
        Tenchi stared at the ground, suddenly embarrassed.
        "Every one of our military transports is equipped with such a force
field, more powerful than Aeka's.  When Aeka is older, she'll be able to
create a stronger force field, but at her current age, her field weakens
considerably when thrown around a large object.
        "As for the Queens," D'Guerran continued, "the most difficult part
my job is protecting them from themselves.  Both women are eight hundred
years old, yet they often act like twenty-year-olds, teenagers even.  If
Aeka had been hurt, do you seriously think I could have avoided the
Emperor's wrath by blaming it on the Queens?!"
        "N-no," stammered Tenchi.  He raised his head and looked back at
D'Guerran.  "I just knew what had to be done, and I couldn't get your
attention to explain it to you!"
        "I was awfully busy, Tenchi.  Nevertheless, if you had come to me,
or one of my subordinates, and explained your plan, you would have been
heard.  I don't remember you doing so."
        "I'm sorry."
        "Don't be.  Just remember who you are.  You're the Crown Prince of
Jurai.  You may be out-of-favor with the Emperor at the moment, but you are
beloved of both Queens and both Princesses.  You *will* be named heir to the
throne, in time.  An Emperor can't afford to be impulsive, Tenchi.  He must
always keep strongly in mind the consequences of each action."
        Tenchi smiled.  "I understand.  Thank you."
        "You're welcome."  D'Guerran brought his sword back to the ready.
"Shall we finish the duel?"
        "Let's," said Tenchi, bringing up his own sword.
        The duel lasted almost two minutes, at which point D'Guerran caught
Tenchi off-balance and knocked his sword from his grasp.  "Well-fought,"
said D'Guerran.  "Give me a few months and I could turn you into one of best
swordsmen this world has seen."
        Tenchi thanked him and walked over to retrieve his fallen sword.  A
light flashed above him.  As he and D'Guerran shielded their eyes from
glare, a spaceship roared overhead and skidded to a messy landing several
kilometers away, throwing trees into the air.
        "That's..." began Tenchi.
        "You know that ship?" D'Guerran asked.
        Tenchi nodded.
        "Why am I not surprised?"

        Still in her stylishly appointed cell, Washu continued to type away
on her magic keyboard, examining the data she'd brought back from her
extra-dimensional laboratory.  The cell had one noticeable recent addition:
a monitoring device installed near the door, so she wouldn't be able to go
back to the lab again.  She would have to be satisfied with what she had.
        What she had was plenty, though.  It confirmed her worst fears.
There were two life-signatures aboard Ryo-oh-ki, not counting the ship
itself.  One was Ryoko.  The other matched the signature she read from Lhim-
Zen when she had performed tests on him.  There was no escaping it.  Both
her children were aboard that ship, and one had enslaved the other.
        She'd taken advantage of the free time afforded her by her
imprisonment to do some research.  She'd hacked into the database of every
news service in the inhabited galaxy, searching for unexplained disasters.
She began her search with the Denton spaceport, a place where it was widely
known that chocolate smugglers did their business, fencing their wares and
soliciting investment.  It was possible, of course, that Lhim-Zen had lied
about hitching a ride with a smuggler to reach Earth, but the simple fact
was that the smugglers were the only regular interstellar traffic to the
planet.
        She calculated the time it would have taken Zen to reach Earth from
Denton, added a "fudge factor" to account for Zen's activities on Earth, and
searched the database.  There it was.  A mysterious explosion destroyed a
spacecraft just as it was leaving the station, the first fatal accident
there in over seven years.
        She pulled up the flight plan for the doomed vessel, and followed it
back to its previous stop, Kymeria Station.  She searched the news service
again, and this time found nothing, at first.  But when she widened the
search parameters to include a larger time window, there it was again.  A
ship had been found drifting near the station, the crew all dead due to
life-support failure.
        Washu doubted the chocolate smuggler had ever returned from Earth.
She also wondered how many people had mysteriously vanished from the Denton
and Kymeria stations while her son was there.
        For hours, she traced the path of death across the galaxy, making
discoveries even more terrifying.  Some worlds had suffered bizarre natural
disasters during the estimated time of Lhim-Zen's proximity.  One world
suffered a storm that covered the entire surface of the world for over
twenty days, exterminating eighty percent of the life.  Another world had a
black hole manifest in its core, sucking the entire the planet into
oblivion.  The black hole collapsed immediately afterward.
        Experiments, Washu realized.  He was performing experiments.  "How
could I have given birth to such a... creature?"
        She turned off the keyboard and slumped.  It was almost too much to
bear.  Having little Monshu taken away from her, almost twenty thousand
years ago, had been an experience so traumatic that she had regressed into
a child's body to cope.  By the time she met Tenchi, she felt she had put
the experience behind her.  Then she had met Taro, Tenchi's baby cousin, and
the feelings had come flooding back.
        In the end, it had been a good thing.  It had allowed her to deal
with the emotions she had suppressed for so long.  She had even considered
returning to her adult form to celebrate.
        Now, her darling baby boy had returned, all grown up.
        And she might have to kill him.
        The door to her cell opened, and a guard entered.  "Professor Washu,
come with me.  Your presence has been requested by the Queens."

        Washu was led to a communication center, where a concerned Misaki
and Funaho stood in front of a viewscreen.  The viewscreen finally confirmed
once and for all what she'd feared.
        "Mother."  Lhim-Zen's voice greeted her over the speakers.
        "Zen," Washu replied.  "I want my daughter back."
        "All in good time.  She's quite safe, as you can see."  Ryoko stood
behind Zen, her expression unreadable.
        "Mr. Zen has issued us an ultimatum," said Misaki, her voice
quavering.
        Funaho's voice was much more calm, but it was clear she was as much,
if not more worried.  "We've called you here to determine the validity of
his threat."
        Washu folded her arms.  "What threat would that be?"
        "I'm glad you asked!" said Zen, smiling.  He held up a small box.
Mounted under clear glass in the center of the box was the stolen seed of
a Juraian power tree.  "This device performs a constant analysis of the
power frequency and modulation of the seed.  As I understand it, all Juraian
trees are constantly in sync with one another.  The seeds are used as the
basis for super-accurate clocks, are they not?"  He set down the box and
held up a small remote.  "If I touch the pad on this remote, Ryo-oh-ki will
begin transmitting, at full strength, a power stream precisely countering
the current frequency and modulation of the Juraian trees.  Each tree that
comes into contact with the signal will ignite, but not before broadcasting
the same signal in an intense burst.  The chain reaction will destroy every
power tree on the planet, as well as every Juraian ship in this sector.
With one finger, I can bring the Juraian age to an end."
        Funaho turned to Washu.  "That's all gibberish to me.  Would it
work?"
        Washu closed her eyes and thought it over.  "It might.  I can't be
sure.  Your world's protective attitude toward its power trees has denied me
the knowledge base necessary to be certain.  But this sounds reasonable
enough to take seriously."  She turned to the image of Lhim-Zen.  "So, Mr.
Mad Scientist, what do you want in return for sparing Jurai?"
        "He wants Sasami!!" Misaki blurted before Zen could answer.  "He
can't have her!  I won't let her go!"  The tears ran down her cheeks.
Funaho held her.
        "Queen Misaki overstates my demand," said Zen.  "I merely want some
time with the young princess."
        "You want Tsunami," said Washu, then noticed something.  Ryoko's
expression was not as unreadable as she appeared.  In fact, her eyes were
blinking nervously.  Or were they?  Suddenly Washu understood completely.
She tried to keep it from showing on her face.
        "Exactly.  The same thing Kagato wanted.  Only he went about it in
the wrong way."
        "I'll need a moment to discuss this," said Washu.  Zen nodded.
A guard touched a control, and "MUTE" appeared on the screen.
        Washu turned to the Queens.  "Is this being recorded?"
        "Of course," said Funaho.
        "Good.  I have a plan.  You have to trust me.  When I make my
suggestion, object.  Make it look good, but in the end, you have to let me
have my way.  Is this clear?"
        Funaho nodded, but Misaki just shivered.
        "Open the connection," said Washu.
        "Well, what have you decided?" asked Zen.
        "We'll grant your request..."
        "WHAT?!" said Misaki.
        Washu grimaced and continued.  "But you must bring Ryoko to the
surface.  In addition to Jurai's safety, I want her back."
        "NO!!  I WON'T LET YOU HAVE SASAMI!!"  Misaki tried to rush the
screen, held back by Funaho.
        "This is the only way to save your world!" said Washu.
        "I DON'T CARE!!" Misaki screamed.  "YOU CAN'T HAVE HER!  JURAI CAN
*BURN* FOR ALL I CARE!"
        Funaho and the guard stared at the Queen, shocked.
        Washu began to sweat.  This was not going according to script.
        "Mommy?"
        All turned around to see Sasami herself standing in the door.
Misaki ran to her and held her tight.  "It's okay, Mommy," Sasami said.
"I was in the hall.  I heard everything."
        She gently pulled free of her mother's embrace and walked up to the
viewscreen.  "Mr. Zen, if you set Ryoko free, I'll do what you ask."
        "It's a deal, young lady," said Zen.
        "No!" pleaded Misaki.
        "Don't worry, Mommy," said Sasami with a small smile.  "Ryoko will
protect me.  Won't you, Ryoko?"
        Ryoko spoke.  "With my life."

        After the transmission had ended, Washu angrily confronted Misaki.
"What were you doing?!  I told you to trust me!"
        Misaki was adamant.  "I will not let that monster anywhere near my
daughter!"
        "And neither will I!" Washu shot back, surprising Misaki.
        "But--" Sasami started.
        Washu put a hand on the little girl's shoulder.  "I have no
intention of letting Lhim-Zen harm you in any way.  I have a plan, and for
it to work, I need Zen down here, with us.  Let me show you something."
        She walked over to the guard who had been operating the viewscreen.
"Could you play back the transmission, with no sound, beginning after I
entered the room?"
        The guard made the necessary adjustments, and once again, Zen and
Ryoko appeared on the screen.  "Look at Ryoko," Washu said.  "Do you notice
anything strange about her?"
        "She looks nervous," said Sasami.  "She can't stop blinking."
        "Zoom in on Ryoko's face," Washu said to the guard.  Ryoko's eyes
blinked rapidly, as if she were suffering from a nervous tick.
        Suddenly Funaho saw it.  "Her blinking, it isn't random, is it?
There's some kind of pattern to it."
        "Bingo!" exclaimed Washu. "To be specific, it's Interstellar Pulse
Code.  The code ships have used for centuries to communicate with pulses of
light when other methods fail."
        "Ryoko sent you a message!" exclaimed Sasami.  "What did she say?"
        "She intends to make one last attempt to break free of Lhim-Zen's
control.  She'll need my help to make it work, which means she has to be
down here."
        "Then we have to help her, right?"  Sasami ran over to her mother
and aunt.  "We can help her!  Washu has a plan!  It'll work, and we can all
be together again!"
        Misaki and Funaho looked at each other, silently.  Finally, Misaki,
"Sasami dear, I'm not sure--"
        "We *have* to help her!  We *have* to!"
        "Sasami," said Funaho, "Ryoko hurt a lot of people.  She's not going
to be welcome--"
        "That wasn't her fault!" shouted Sasami, near tears.  "Washu said
so!"
        Funaho and Misaki said nothing.  Nor did Washu, as much as she
wanted to.  With the Emperor away, the two Queens were the ultimate
authority on the planet.  Ryoko's future rested on their decision.
        "Please," said Sasami.  "She's my friend."
        For a moment, there was only silence.  Then Misaki faced Washu.  "I
want your absolute guarantee that no harm will come to my daughter.  If
anything should happen to her, or to any citizen of Jurai for that matter,
you will be held wholly responsible.  Is that understood?"
        Washu smiled.  "Completely."
        "Then let's do it."
        "Are you sure about this?" Funaho asked.
        A deadly smile spread across Misaki's face.  "That bastard wants my
child.  I want his head."  She turned back to Washu.  "This plan of yours.
How certain are you that it will work?"
        "Oh, I have high confidence," Washu replied.  "You see, I have an
ace in the hole."
        From outside the room came a high-pitched whistling noise.  The
sound grew louder until it was almost deafening, then ended with a boom so
loud that everything in the room shook.
        "And unless I miss my bet, that was her arriving just now!"

        At Washu's request, a small "war council" was convened.  Present
were D'Guerran, Misaki, Funaho, Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi, a bandage
on her forehead the only evidence of her latest sub-par landing.
        Washu called the group to attention.  "Alright, folks!  Listen up!
Here's the plan."  She motioned with a pointer toward a large video screen
she'd pulled out of her extradimensional hidey-hole.  The screen displayed a
map of the palace grounds.  "Lhim-Zen and Ryoko are going to teleport
directly from Ryo-oh-ki to the main courtyard, via the ship's beam-entry
system.  There the exchange will be made, Sasami for Ryoko, so Lhim-Zen
thinks."
        D'Guerran raised his hand.  "The beam-entry system.  That would be a
matter transmission stream travelling directly from the ship in orbit to the
surface, wouldn't it?"
        "That is correct," Washu confirmed.
        "Well, that causes a problem.  If we're to allow the beam to reach
the surface, we'll have to open a hole in the planetary force field.  The
force field is under the control of the Juraian defense forces.  I don't
have authority there."
        "But surely you know someone who does?"
        D'Guerran sighed.  "Of course I do.  But I'll be asking a huge
favor.  This would be so much simpler if you'd just let me bring the
military in on this."
        Washu opened her mouth to explain why that was a bad idea, but
Funaho did it for her.  "D'Guerran, think about it.  If the military hard-
liners learn about Ryoko's visit, what would they do?"
        "They'd storm the palace.  Okay, you win.  We'll do this the hard
way."  He turned back to Washu.  "I hope you'll at least let me have some
men on site."
        "That's part of the plan," said Washu.  "Any overt presence would be
a bad idea.  I want him to think he has the upper hand.  But as a last
resort, I'd like some snipers stationed in the palace."
        "You'll have them."
        "They'll have to hold their fire until I give the signal.  Zen will
undoubtedly be protected by a force field.  This field will be drawing its
power from the Souja's core installed aboard Ryo-oh-ki.  It's the same thing
that allows him to control Ryoko.  Until it's disabled, Zen will be
untouchable.  That's where you come in, Mihoshi."
        Mihoshi started awake.  "What?  You mean me?"
        "Haven't you been paying attention?"
        "Sorry," said Mihoshi with an apologetic smile. "Space lag.  What do
you want me to do?"
        "Zen will be expecting an attack from the Juraian military.
Ryo-oh-ki's auto-defenses will be keyed to that type of ship.  I need you to
take your ship, Yukinojou, into orbit, find Ryo-oh-ki, and take control of
her."
        "Why?  Has she been hijacked?"
        Everyone face-faulted.
        "Tenchi and Aeka will explain it to you on the way," said Washu,
pulling herself back to her feet.  "They're going with you."
        Misaki turned to Aeka, concerned, but Aeka reassured her.  "I'll be
fine, mother.  Don't worry."
        "Cool!" exclaimed Mihoshi with delight.  "It'll be just like the
time we went aboard the Souja to rescue Ryoko!"
        "Precisely!" said Washu.  "That experience is why I'm teaming you
together."
        "Of course," Mihoshi continued, "if I remember right, our ship got
blown up, and we thought Tenchi was dead.  But I'm sure we'll do better
this time!"
        Misaki's face fell.  Aeka reassured her again, more frantic this
time.  "It wasn't that bad!  Honest!  I'll be fine!"
        "I also have a request of you, Misaki," Washu said.
        "Go ahead," the Queen replied, still gathering herself together.
        "I understand you have media contacts.  I think they might come in
handy."

        Less than an hour later, they were all gathered outside Yukinojou.
Technicians frantically completed the last of the repairs on the abused
vessel.
         Misaki gave Aeka a big hug.  "You take care of yourself, you
understand?  I don't want to see a single scratch on that beautiful face."
        "I will, mother."
        "And you," Misaki said, addressing Tenchi.  "You take good care of
my daughter!  You're going to marry her one day!"
        Tenchi laughed nervously, blushing.  "I'll do my best, ma'am."  He
followed Mihoshi and Aeka into the hatch.  Moments later, the engines roared
to life and ship took off into the sky.  Sasami waved and shouted goodbye.
        Misaki turned to D'Guerran next.  "How long do we have until
Darling gets back?"
        "'Darling'?" Washu asked.
        "She means the Emperor," said D'Guerran, a bit annoyed.  "His
Highness is currently touring the outermost colonies, far out of range of
the nearest hyperspace relay stations.  He'll learn of this as soon as a
courier catches up with him.  He may know already, but still be out of range
to transmit back.  Still, I'd estimate that if we don't wrap this up in the
next three days, the crap is really going to hit the fan."
        "Look!" said Funaho.  She pointed to the sky.  A thin beam of red
rings was descending toward the main courtyard.
        "Well, he's nothing if not punctual," Washu said.  "Are your men in
position, D'Guerran?"
        "They are."
        Washu smiled.  "Then let the games begin."

END CHAPTER SIX