TENCHI MUYO! : "Mother's Day"
by Ryan Mathews

CHAPTER FOUR

        "Mother!"
        "Yes?" answered Misaki, sticking her head through the door into
Aeka's room.  Servants were carefully removing the posters from the walls
and rolling them, so that Sasami could later choose which ones she wanted.
        "I was talking to Chiniko," said Aeka, referring to one of the
servants, "and she tells me that Tenchi's quarters are next door!"
        "That's correct.  The quarters usually reserved for the Crown
Prince
are under repair."
        "But... The quarters next door are for my personal servant!"
        Misaki put a finger to her cheek.  "I see what you mean.  They are
a little small, aren't they?  But I doubt Tenchi will mind.  After all, the
room is still three times the size of his bedroom at home!"
        "That's not the point!" Aeka shouted angrily.  "There's a door
between my room and his, with no lock!"
        "Is that a problem?"
        "Mother, the innocent act may work with Aunt Funaho, but it never
has with me.  You know that."
        Misaki sighed.  "To be honest, the act doesn't carry much weight
with your aunt, either.  Aeka dear, are you worried that Tenchi will come
into room and violate you?"
        "Of course not!!  Tenchi is not that kind of man!"
        "Then what is the problem?  The door will simply be there if the
two
of you are in the mood!"
        Aeka touched the tips of her index fingers, nervously.  "B-but, I
don't want Tenchi to think that I'm a... you know, the type of woman I've
always accused Ryoko of being."
        Misaki brushed her fingers through Aeka's hair.  "Aeka, my dear
sweet little girl.  You are a picture of serene beauty, the very epitome of
the gentle princess.  Tenchi could think nothing else of you."
        "But I promised Ryoko--"
        "Ryoko isn't here."
        "I still have to keep my word."
        Misaki smiled.  "Of course.  You have your Princess' Honor.  I am
so
proud of you.  If it's that worrisome to you, I will have the palace
craftsmen install a lock in the door."
        "Thank you, Mother," said Aeka, relieved.
        "Now why don't you try on the new sleep clothes I purchased for
you?"  Misaki handed Aeka a bag.
        Aeka looked inside.  "Mother, this is lingerie..."

        Tenchi handled a Juraian sword, putting it through its paces.
D'Guerran looked on approvingly.  "You have been well-trained, indeed.  I
hope you'll do me the honor of sparring with me while you're here."
        "Certainly, sir.  But I doubt I could give you much of a match."
        "I'm sure you could.  You were trained by a descendant of Yosho,
were you not?"
        "Descendant?"  It took Tenchi a moment to remember.  Yosho being
alive was not common knowledge.  Other than the members of the Tenchi
household, only Funaho was aware that her son was Tenchi's grandfather.
Everyone else, including the Emperor, believed Yosho had lived a
human lifespan and died, once separated from Jurai.  "Oh, yes.  The skill
has been passed down from generation to generation."  He handed the sword
to
D'Guerran, who replaced in its display.
        They were in the Royal Armory, the final stop on what had been a
fascinating tour of the palace.  The Armory did contain a supply of
functional weapons for the use of the Palace Guard, but it was primarily a
collection of antique weapons, some millenia old.  The sword Tenchi had
handled had been one of those antiques.
        "So, young Prince, what do you think of your palace?"
        "It's... big."
        D'Guerran laughed.  "That it is, your highness, that it is."
        Tenchi winced, and D'Guerran noticed.  "You don't like being called
that, do you?"
        "It just takes some getting used to."
        "You outrank me by quite a bit.  If you don't wish me to refer to
you that way, simply say so."
        Tenchi shook his head.  "If I'm Crown Prince, I guess I'd better
learn to accept it.  I have so far to go, though."
        "You're doing fine.  It's true, you need more practice in carrying
yourself in a regal fashion, but you have the inner strength a Prince
requires.  I can tell."
        "I'm just the son of an architect."
        "Really," said D'Guerran.  "I had no idea."  He thought for a
moment.  "Come with me.  I have one more thing to show you."
        He led Tenchi outside, to a five-meter tall bronze statue.  The
handsome man depicted in the sculpture was facing the palace with a proud
expression.  "This is a statue of Shimo Latret, one of the most honored
individuals in Juraian history.  Can you guess his occupation?"
        "A warrior?"
        D'Guerran shook his head.  "Try again."
        "A political leader."
        "Not at all.  He was an architect.  He designed this palace.  He
also designed most of the other royal buildings, as well as the Imperial
Senate.  He set a standard of Juraian beauty that is still followed to this
day."
        "Wow." Tenchi touched the cold bronze.  "Wait'll I tell Dad."

        Funaho sped across the palace grounds behind the wheel of a land
car, raising a cloud of dust as she drove herself and Washu to the Royal
Nursery.  Washu had been a bundle of excitement over the opportunity to
witness Jurain power trees in various stages of growth, but now she was
more
impressed with Funaho's driving.  "You're really enjoying this, aren't you?
You must be doing 120 km/h, easy."
        "One-fifty, to be precise, and yes, I am enjoying it."  She let out
a short whoop as the car went over a bump briefly sending all four wheels
in
the air.  "It gives D'Guerran the fits, not to mention my husband, but it's
a small price to pay to keep me the gentle, serene princess the rest of the
time."
        "How long until we reach the nursery?"
        "About another fifteen minutes.  Would you like me to slow down?"
        "Not at all!  I've experienced a lot worse than this!"  She
couldn't
think of an example at the moment, however.  She took a pair of binoculars
that Funaho used to observe the wildlife living on the grounds and scanned
the surrounding fields for anything interesting.  She found something, but
it wasn't in the field.
        Something large was flying through the air.  Washu at first thought
it a bird, but it was too large.  Washu increased the magnification, and
could barely make out a human form.
        "Is that...?"
        She looked again.  The flying person suddenly lost all form in the
air.  The arms and legs drifted every which way, and the person began to
fall.  As the person rolled in the air, Washu recognized her hair.
        "Ryoko!!"
        "What?!" said Funaho.
        Ryoko fell to the ground, totally out of control.  She bounced
several times, her arms and legs flailing limply.
        "STOP THE CAR!" yelled Washu.

        Even with Funaho flooring the accelerator, it took them five
minutes
to reach Ryoko.  As would be expected, she was in horrible shape.  Her
clothes were shredded and her body was covered with abrasions.  Washu
manifested her "keyboard" and opened the "magic pocket", a hole in midair.
She pulled out a first aid kit and got to work.
        "Will she be alright?" Funaho asked.
        "I'll let you know in a moment.  She doesn't appear to have any
broken bones, though."
        "After a fall like that?  That's impressive."
        "Why, thank you!" grinned Washu.  She scanned Ryoko's body with a
small device.  "Hmm.  That's odd.  The Mass that gives Ryoko her power, it
appears to have been polarized somehow.  No wonder she was knocked out."
        "Polarized?" Funaho asked.  "That sounds like an experimental
weapon
D'Guerran once mentioned.  Most of what he said went over my head, but I
specifically remember him mentioning that the weapon would 'polarize'
Ryoko's power."
        "They've built weapons specifically to fight Ryoko?"
        "Ever since Ryoko nearly leveled the planet seven hundred years
ago,
the security forces have been obsessed with her.  The Emperor has
considered
cutting off funding to the anti-Ryoko research, but the fact is that the
populace is afraid of her, too.  Some still think she killed Yosho.  She's
attained legendary status, a bogeywoman used to frighten children."
        While Funaho spoke, Washu produced a small device and attached it
to
Ryoko's forehead.  "This should help depolarize her.  So, I guess it's safe
to assume she had a run-in with the Palace Guard."
        "She's wearing Juraian clothing," observed Funaho.
        "The conclusion is obvious.  She must have finished her taxi run
early somehow, returned to Earth, found us missing and drawn the wrong
conclusions."
        Funaho nodded.  "And then she came to Jurai to take Tenchi back.
I'll explain this to D'Guerran.  He'll understand."
        Ryoko groaned.  "No..."
        "She's coming around," said Washu.  "Don't move, Ryoko, you've had
a bad fall."
        Ryoko grabbed Washu's wrist.  "Mustn't...  talk to... anyone...
He'll know...  He..."  Her eyes rolled back and she fell unconscious.
        "'He'll know'?  Who was she talking about?" Funaho asked.
        Washu was silent for a moment.  Then she turned to Funaho.  "I have
a huge favor to ask of you."

        The two women returned to the palace to find it in an uproar.  The
Palace Guard were setting up a perimeter, and they met D'Guerran.  "Your
Highness, Professor, I'm so glad to have found you!  I've had men searching
the entire grounds for you!"
        "What has happened?" Funaho asked, knowing full well what the
answer
would be.
        "Ryoko has breached outer security and is loose somewhere on the
palace grounds!  Have either of you come into contact with her?"
        Washu glanced quickly at Funaho, pleading.
        Funaho laughed.  "But that's ridiculous, isn't it?  Ryoko should be
several dozen lightyears away by now."
        D'Guerran shook his head.  "One of my officers exchanged fire with
her.  We've been scanning the grounds for her energy signature and have
found traces near where the officer reported to have made contact.  It's
definitely Ryoko.  I must insist that the two of you come inside for your
own safety."
        Funaho nodded.  "Yes, of course."  She and Washu walked past the
guards into the palace.  "I do sincerely hope you know what you're doing,"
she said quietly to Washu.
        "Ryoko's not a threat," Washu whispered back.  "She loves Tenchi,
and she loves Sasami as well.  She'd never do anything that would put them
in danger."
        "I hope so, for your sake.  I don't believe I actually lied to the
Captain--"
        "Your highness!" called D'Guerran from behind, causing Funaho's
blood to turn to ice.  "I can't believe I nearly forgot.  We're having
trouble locating Princess Aeka and Prince Tenchi.  We've asked their
mother,
but she has been unable to help us.  Do you have any ideas where they could
be?"
        <Misaki has no idea where they are?> thought Funaho in disbelief.
It quickly made sense.  Misaki did not *want* Tenchi and Aeka to be found.
She knew Ryoko wasn't dangerous and wanted her daughter to be alone with
her
beau.  Funaho considered letting it pass, but her annoyance at Misaki's
interference overruled her.  "Have you tried the orchard?"
        "The orchard?  Of course!  I've been a fool!  Thank you, your
highness!"  D'Guerran bowed and ran off.
        Washu watched him leave, worried.  "The orchard.  That's awfully
close to that servant house where we left Ryoko."
        "Let us hope D'Guerran's men can retrieve them before she comes
around."

        Ryoko was dreaming, a dream of memory:
        Kagato struck her across the face, knocking her across the bridge
of
the Souja and drawing blood from her mouth.  "YOU FOOL!" he screamed.  "You
weak, pathetic fool!!  Do you have any idea what you've cost me?!"
        "I'm sorry, master," whimpered Ryoko.
        Kagato seethed with anger.  "I have been planning this raid for
years.  And now... And now!"
        "B-but I retrieved the item!  What does it matter that I--"
        "What you retrieved was merely the most important item on a long
list!  All other items on that list are lost to me now!"
        "But all I did was--"
        "SILENCE!" shouted Kagato.  "I must consider."
        Kagato had sent Ryoko down to the planet to retrieve several of the
artifacts after which he was always lusting.  What had so infuriated hin
was
that, in the course of her mission, Ryoko had befriended a young girl.
        Ryoko and the girl had had a marvelous time, Ryoko showing off her
powers and taking the girl flying.  The girl had taken Ryoko to some of the
prettiest places on the planet.  Then she had introduced Ryoko to her
father.  But her father worked for the planet's security forces, and he
recognized her.  He'd taken no obvious action, but had secretly sent a
transmission to the Galactic Guard, a transmission Kagato had intercepted.
        Kagato finally spoke.  "I could take the artifacts by force, but
the
Galactic Guard are on their way.  I cannot possibly finish the task before
they arrive.  Curse you, Ryoko.  I must cut my losses."
        Ryoko spoke up, tentatively.  "But you are so much more powerful
than the Galactic Guard!  Why not stay and fight them?"
        "You are correct, dear child.  I am more powerful.  But what the
Guard lacks in power, they more than make up in persistance.  Once they
have
my scent, they will follow me to the ends of the universe.  I can hardly be
expected to complete my work with a cloud of gnats buzzing about my head,
can I?"
        Kagato turned to the bridge's main screen, which display the
beautiful blue planet below.  "No, I must leave.  But when the Guard
arrive,
they will find nothing to help them."
        Ryoko realized what he meant.  "No!  You can't!  They never did
anything to you!"
        "Come over here, Ryoko.  I want you to see this."
        "NO!"  But she obeyed.
        Kagato touched a control, and the Souja's massive weapons deployed.
"Watch as your actions bear fruit."
        Ryoko begged Kagato to stop as the Souja rained fire upon the
surface of the world below.
        "Why should you care about these people?" Kagato sneered.  "You are
superior to them.  They are as insects to us."
        "They never hurt us!" Ryoko sobbed.
        With a look of utter disgust, Kagato hit a switch.  The view on the
screen changed.  "Look at this, Ryoko.  You may find it interesting."
        Ryoko looked as the picture zoomed in on a small girl, the girl
Ryoko had befriended, standing frozen in terror as the destruction
approached.  As the wall of flame engulfed and consumed her, her features
melted... tranforming her into the likeness of Princess Sasami.

        Ryoko awoke with a scream.  She didn't know where she was, but the
fear was quickly replaced with relief when she realized where she *wasn't*.
This place was neither the bridge of Ryo-oh-ki nor a Juraian custody cell.
Instead it was a sparsely but pleasantly furnished bedroom, with her tucked
gently underneath the sheets.
        Ryoko let out a breath and fell back onto the pillow.  She
remembered her dream.  That had happened almost two thousand years ago. 
She
had been no older than Sasami was now, though she looked exactly the same.
Ryoko thought about those days, when Kagato was her lord and master. 
Kagato
had been cruel and abusive, yet centuries had passed before Ryoko had even
considered escape.  Kagato had been the only constant presence in her life,
after all.  She had believed him to be her creator, even looked up to him.
Only when they were separated by chance, and Ryoko had been forced to get
along without him, did she understand she was better off alone.  From that
point on, Ryoko's life was one of constant attempts to free herself, none
more than temporarily successful.  Then came the day when Yosho did her the
"favor" of imprisoning her away from Kagato's sight for seven hundred
years,
and the rest was history.
        Ryoko sat up.  She felt better.  The cold feeling in her chest was
gone.  Still, something was missing.  She tried a simple trick, manifesting
the light beads with which she'd dazzled Tenchi back when they'd first met.
She couldn't do it.  So she was alive, but powerless.  That wasn't bad,
especially since it occurred to her that Lhim-Zen couldn't carry through on
her threat of blowing her up if she had no power.
        There was something stuck to her forehead.  She removed it.  It
smelled nice, warm and familiar like...
        Ryoko recognized the scent as Washu's and threw the device away.
"That little troll!  It's her fault I'm in this mess!"
        Her ears perked up as she caught a familiar voice.  Could it be?
She ran to the nearest window.  It was Tenchi!  There he was, walking
through a nearby orchard with Aeka!  Ryoko's heart pounded.  This was it.
Her chance to clear things up.  If she could just get to Tenchi before her
power returned, Tenchi could explain everything and Lhim-Zen wouldn't know
a thing!  And there *was* an explanation!  There *had* to be!
        Ryoko ran out the door and found her way out of the house.

        "What a beautiful day," remarked Tenchi.
        "Isn't it, though?" Aeka replied.  She drew a deep breath and
sighed.  "Ah, the scent of a summer day on Jurai.  I hadn't realized how
much I'd missed it."
        Tenchi examined one of the hundreds of trees in the orchard.  "Are
these apples?"  The fruit resembled apples, only much more round and shiny.
        "We call them redfruit.  The flavor is somewhat like an apple, but
more tart.  Would you like to try one?"
        "Are we allowed to pick them?"
        "Well... no.  But I think they'll indulge the Crown Prince and
Princess, don't you?" Aeka said, laughing.
        Tenchi nodded and looked for a convenient tree.  "All the fruit is
too high to pick," he noted.  He jumped for one of the lower hanging
branches, with no luck.  He picked a sturdier tree.  "I think I can climb
this one!"
        "Tenchi, what are you doing?" Aeka exclaimed.  "You'll tear your
clothes."
        Tenchi sighed.  "Yeah, I guess that wouldn't be appropriate for a
prince, would it?"
        "If you'll lift me up, I could pick one for you," Aeka suggested.
        "That'd work!"  Tenchi placed his hands around Aeka's waist and
lifted her up to the nearest branch.
        Aeka was thankful that Tenchi couldn't see her blushing.  To be
held
in such a way by Tenchi was just...  She shook it off and reached for the
nearest fruit, which was just out of her grasp.  "A little higher, Tenchi!"
Tenchi strained and lifted her a few more centimeters.  Aeka snatched at
the
fruit, caught it, and promptly lost her balance.  Aeka and Tenchi wobbled
comically back and forth for a few seconds before collapsing on top of one
another.
        Both began laughing.  "Are you sure you're alright?" Aeka asked. 
"I
landed on you awfully hard."
        "Don't worry about it!  You're as light as a feather!"
        Aeka heartrate accelerated as it sank it where she was, on top of
Tenchi.  She had never been this close to him before.  She could feel his
warmth, the rise and fall of his chest.  What was she to do?
        She screwed up her courage and decided.  She could not pass up this
opportunity.  She'd try for one kiss.  If Tenchi laughed, or looked
nervous,
she apologize and stand up, but if not...  She leaned closer.
        "Aeka?"
        "Tenchi..."  She closed her eyes.
        "Tenchi?" came another voice.
        Aeka expression turned to one of shock as she saw who it was.
"Ryoko?  What are you doing here?  How?"
        "So it's true, then," said Ryoko, her voice catching in her throat.
"The two of you.  You're officially an item."
        A little voice told Aeka to confirm Ryoko's suspicion, to brag
about
her relationship with Tenchi, but she hadn't gotten over the shock of
seeing
Ryoko here, on Jurai, in the Royal Orchard, when she was supposed to be
parsecs away.  "Well...  Of course, I... We..." she stumbled.
        Tenchi was more decisive, pulling himself to his feet.  "Ryoko,
what
are you talking about?  What happened?"
        "Why didn't you tell me you loved her?  Why did you let me fool
myself for so long?!"
        "Ryoko, I don't understand!" pleaded Tenchi.  "We were just
visiting!  It was her mother's idea!"
        "Then tell me you don't love her."
        Tenchi stared at her.  "Ryoko I..."  He glanced at Aeka.  She
looked
back nervously.  "Ryoko, please.  Let's just--"
        Ryoko let out a sob.  "I hate you."  She closed her eyes and the
tears flowed like a river.
        "Ryoko..."
        The gem on her wrist suddenly lit up like a small star.  Ryoko
looked at it.  "No!"  She shot skyward, faster than Tenchi had ever seen
her
travel.
        He called after her.  "RYOKO!!"

        Ryoko rose higher and higher.  She had no control as her body flew
faster and faster, breaking the sound barrier.  She left the atmosphere,
and
could see the planetary force field approaching.  Just as she was certain
she would be crushed against it, Ryo-oh-ki appeared and blasted the field
with all her power, opening a hole just big enough for Ryoko to fly
through.
        Ryoko sound found herself back on the ship's bridge.  Ryo-oh-ki's
cabbit form greeted her with delight, jumping into her arms and mewing
excitedly.  The mewing became worried as Ryo-oh-ki sensed her mood.
        "You're back," stated Lhim-Zen.  "Good.  The emergency recall
worked
as expected, as did the power transfer.  A few more tests, and I should be
able to control you every bit as well as did Kagato."
        "I failed," said Ryoko.  "I didn't get the seed."
        "I know.  I'm afraid we'll have to take it by force."
        "Fuck you."
        Lhim-Zen turned slowly, one eyebrow raised.  "I beg your pardon?"
        "You heard me," said Ryoko.  "I'm not playing any more.  Torture
me,
kill me, I don't care anymore.  I'm not helping you."  Tears welled up in
her eyes.  She angrily wiped them away.
        "Had a little problem with our boyfriend, did we?"
        "Y-you know about that?"
        "Yes," Zen confirmed.  "Since the two of you are quits, I take it
you don't care if he lives or dies?"
        "What do you mean?" asked Ryoko, chilled.
        "The plan requires you to attack the surface.  If you won't do it
willingly, I'll simply have to turn off your mind and program you with
attack instincts.  Of course, if I do that, I can't predict precisely what
you'll do.  Which means I can't guarantee the safety of Tenchi or of--
what's her name?  The cute little princess with the ponytails."
        Ryoko eyes flashed with rage.  "GO TO HELL!!"  In an instant, her
sword was out and she was flying across the bridge, determined to cut
Lhim-Zen in half.
        Zen calmly touched the controller.  Ryoko's body became liquid. 
She
splattered into a large pink puddle on the bridge floor.
        "Fascinating."  Lhim-Zen waved his hand and was suddenly holding a
test tube and a glass rod.  He used the rod to scrape a small sample of the
pink paste into the tube.  "Total cellular homogeniety."  He vanished both
items and returned to his work.

END CHAPTER FOUR