Michael MacDonald (KNIGHTSABR@aol.com)
Regular (I suppose)
Magical Girl Pretty Sammy: the Live Action Motion Picture 
(v 1.0)
A live-action film version of the "Magical Project S" 
series that gives a new light to Sasami's character. It's 
been revised a bit to take place in America, and has 
summaries of certain unfinished scenes (though, if you've 
seen the anime, you know what happens).

----------------------------------------
	Sasami Kawai/Pretty Sammy (the heroine) Very sweet, 
and very friendly. Has the coolest parents ever. She hates 
being Pretty Sammy most of the time.
	Ryo-Ohki Sasami's guardian. He helps her in battle and 
acts as a coach. Pretends to have been a stray animal that 
Sasami took into the family.
	Misao Amano/Pixie Misa Sasami's best friend. Quiet 
most of the time, except around Sasami. Pixie Misa, on the 
other hand, is quite a character, the opposite of Misao: 
bold, elegant, and obnoxious. Laughs about every and any 
situation, and never skips a chance to pose or make a 
flashy appearance. Misao doesn't know she's Pretty Sammy's 
arch-nemesis.
	Tsunami the elected queen of Juraihelm. She gives 
Sasami her powers as a hand-me-down. Seems to have the mind 
of a child, or at least the attention span.
	Ramia (the big villain) She's immensely jealous that 
Tsunami beat her in the election. Brainwashes Misao and 
gives her her own hand-me-down, Pixie Misa. Has similar 
personality traits to Pixie Misa, just a little more evil 
and hotheaded.
	Rumiya Ramia's little brother and Pixie Misa's 
guardian. He turns into a scary bird, and hates running 
errands for Big Sister. Falls in love with Misao.
	Marcus the soccer-loving boy at Sasami's school. He 
has a crush on Misao.
	Kenji friend of Mark's. Spaces out sometimes, and gets 
gaga over girls a lot.
	Amy Obnoxious class leader. Goes strictly by the 
school rule book, and enforces it relentlessly.
	Konoha very dislikable girl that is in love with Mark. 
She's more obnoxious than Amy.
	Mihoshi Sasami's homeroom teacher. To put it simply, 
she's a ditz.

	THE MONSTERS:
	CD Girl attacks with razor CDs and guitar cannon. 
Resembles Gozer from "Ghostbusters".
Arcade Girl uses unique electric cables and VR 
attacks. Morphs her hands into different weapons.
	Gunman Girl a Wild West based chick with tons of guns 
at her disposal. Keeps them in a coffin.
	Elemental Triplets speak for themselves, really. Gaia 
controls nature, Blaze wields flames, and Typhoon summons 
water to drown opponents. They are hyper love-love 
monsters.
---------------------------

	It's a tense hour in the exotic world of Juraihelm, as 
the election of the queen is commencing. Tsunami is the 
last to show of the three candidates. She stands between 
Ramia and Romio.
RAMIA: Tsunami. Some nerve being late for the ascension 
ceremony.
TSUNAMI: I forgot to water the flowers in my room.
RAMIA: (to herself) You mean flowers are more important to 
you than this ceremony?! Why is this bungling girl aspiring 
to be queen?
	The seven judges appear before the candidates.
JUDGE1: Girls of unrivaled magical powers. As you know, our 
former queen passed away one year ago.
JUDGE2: The time has come. We will commence selecting a 
queen for the next term.
JUDGE1: There is merely one question for the prospective 
queens. If you are chosen, what do you propose to do for 
our kingdom?
JUDGE3: Answer the question!
JUDGE4: Romio!
	Romio steps forward.
ROMIO: I would continue the work of our former queen.
JUDGE1: Very good. Ramia?
	Ramia steps forward, clears her throat, and summons a 
scroll-screen.
RAMIA: Please see the overhead projection. (the screen 
shows graphs and such) The population of our kingdom of 
Juraihelm has been declining. To stop this, families with 
over two children should get subsidies. Divorced couples 
will be punished by law. For people to pledge allegiance to 
the Imperial Rule, we need weapons, more public order, and 
a complaints box.
	The judges are very impressed. Ramia balls a fist, 
feeling she's won.
JUDGE3: And, finally, Tsunami.
TSUNAMI: Oh, yes...if I were to become queen of 
Juraihelm...I would plant flowers all throughout the 
kingdom!
	Everyone's stupified.
JUDGE2: Is that your wish, Mistress?
TSUNAMI: It is.
RAMIA: (to self) What a fool...
	The royal sigil lights up.
JUDGE1: Juraihelm's decision shall now be heard.
	Ramia's eyes get really big, and she becomes giddy as 
a schoolgirl.
RAMIA: At last, the moment that I've been waiting for! The 
moment that I become queen! Thanks for making me look so 
good, Tsunami!
JUDGES: The 208th queen to reign shall be...(calculating) 
...Tsunami!
	Ramia jumps in celebration.
RAMIA: Thank you very...(she stops and turns) Tsunami???
TSUNAMI: Thank you.
	The other two candidates are dropped down trapdoors 
that suddenly appear below them. Ramia fights to get back 
up.
RAMIA: No!! It can't be!! It can't be!!!
	She gets to the top only to find the crown being 
placed on Tsunami's head. Ramia turns white and drops back 
down the hole.
JUDGE1: Listen well. (camera shows scale, tipped toward the 
dark side more than the light) During the absence of a 
queen, the balance of Gemini has tilted toward evil. As the 
new queen, you must restore Gemini to its original balance.
JUDGE5: You must meet a kindred spirit on the planet called 
Earth. When this girl bestows us with the light of 
goodness, you will become the true queen.
JUDGE6: Choose this human you have acknowledged.
TSUNAMI: (turning to screen) My kindred spirit is...(screen 
zooms into earth and finds the window of Sasami's room, 
where she's studying. She leans back and yawns) ...this 
girl.

	Ramia goes to her room, furious. Rumiya is on the 
floor, reading. He gets up and just misses getting 
trampled.
RUMIYA: Hi, Sis. (she throws her cloak over his head) I 
take it you lost?
	She kicks him across the room, then goes back to being 
pissed.
RAMIA: How can one kick possibly calm me down?? It can't!! 
I'm too furious!! I have the strongest magic, the best 
reputation, and the best looks!! (orb with picture of 
Tsunami watering flowers appears) Why's that flower girl 
the queen??? Somebody tell me!!!
	She proceeds to tear the room apart.
RAMIA: I won't stand for it!! I won't!!! (she hits the orb, 
shorting it out) Why you, Tsunami??? (hyperventilates for a 
bit, then gets an idea) Oh, yeah... Rumiya! I came up with 
a great idea!
RUMIYA: Let it go, Sis.
	She stomps him into the ground.
RAMIA: It's a great plan. If we don't let Tsunami restore 
the balance...
RUMIYA: I know...but how do we stop her?
	Ramia kneels by him, leaning on his head.
RAMIA: Still don't get it? What if the girl she chose from 
the odd planet does no good? The council's decision will be 
overturned. And I will become the queen! Queen Ramia...even 
sounds nice, doesn't it?
RUMIYA: Mean and wily as usual, Sis.
	Ramia looks off her balcony at the kingdom.
RAMIA: Juraihelm belongs to me.
	She starts laughing maniacally. Tsunami appears on her 
flying platform.
TSUNAMI: Hi, Ramia. (Ramia nearly has a heart attack) I'm 
going down to earth for a bit.
RAMIA: (feigning sweetness) Are you? Well, good luck!
TSUNAMI: Thanks, Ramia.
	She flies off. Ramia gets mad again.
RAMIA: Ugh! Her magical powers are so pathetic! Why is she 
queen?!?!?! Especially when I possess such great magical 
powers! (opens a doorway to earth) I'll find my kindred 
spirit before she finds hers! (back to sweet tone) Shall 
we, Rumiya?
RUMIYA: Huh? I'm going, too???
RAMIA: Of course. We're going to make my master plan work. 
I call it "The Plan to Reinstate Queen Ramia"!
	She grabs Rumiya and goes through the doorway.
RUMIYA: You already named it?! You just thought it up now!
	Meantime, Tsunami is traveling to earth with Ryo-Ohki. 
He's looking at himself funny.
RYO: Um, Miss Tsunami, what am I supposed to be?
TSUNAMI: An earth animal, called a "cat".
RYO: A cat?
TSUNAMI: That's right. You're going to be living with an 
earthling girl, so I think that form is best for you. (Ryo 
sighs) I know, Ryo-Ohki, why don't you go meet Sasami 
first? (he's compressed into a ball, obviously 
uncomfortable) I'm so nervous, I don't think I'm ready. 
(blows him to earth) Good luck, and thank you!
RYO: Miss Tsunami!

	Sasami's house. She's asleep.
DAD: Sasami...Sasami...
MOM: Sasami?
	They pull her covers off. She still wants to sleep.
SASAMI: Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad.
MOM: Ready for breakfast?
DAD: (holds up a clock) Or do you want to be late?
	Sasami looks over at the clock, sees she's late, and 
screams. She does all her morning stuff as fast as possible 
and runs out the door. She jumps into her dad's motorcycle 
and they take off.
	Misao is waiting by the school wall as other 
classmates pass by. Mark passes her, avoiding eye contact 
nervously. She does the same. Sasami arrives.
SASAMI: Hi, Misao!
MISAO: Thank goodness! I thought you weren't coming!
SASAMI: My alarm didn't go off.
DAD: Sasami, I'm off.
SASAMI: Thanks, Dad. Take care!
	Dad kisses her on the cheek.
DAD: Good night.
SASAMI: It's still morning.
DAD: I like how it sounds. Good night.
	He takes off.
MISAO: Your dad's so cool!
SASAMI: Isn't he?
AMY: Sasami! You're not allowed to come to school by 
motorbike!
	Amy points an accusing finger as she approaches.
SASAMI: The class leader...
	Amy takes Sasami by the hand.
AMY: I'll report this to the teacher! You broke the school 
rules!
SASAMI: No, please! Amy, come on!
	Konoha walks by with her associates.
KONOHA: Looks like you're in trouble again, Kawai.
SASAMI: What's it to you, Konoha?
KONOHA: Nothing special...
AMY: Come with me!
	Amy starts to lead Sasami to the office when Ryo-Ohki 
lands on her backpack. She slowly turns and looks behind 
her. Sasami's perplexed. He meows, and Amy panics. Sasami 
nods to Misao and they run for it while Amy gives chase. 
Ryo-Ohki sits atop a light, watching.
RYO: I've found her. That girl is Sasami Kawai.

	Mihoshi starts class.
MIHOSHI: Good morning class! ("Future Dreams" is on the 
board) This morning I'd like you all to tell me your future 
dreams. Marcus, why don't you go first?
MARK: I want to be a professional soccer player!
MIHOSHI: That's wonderful! I hope you make it! Who's next?
AMY: Me! I'm going to be an actress!
MIHOSHI: (in the same fashion as last response) Well, 
that's impossible.
KONOHA: Me next!
MIHOSHI: Okay, Konoha.
KONOHA: My cousin and I are going to conquer the world!
MIHOSHI: Alright, do your best! How about you, Kyoko?
KYOKO: I want to be an adorable wife, and have an adorable 
baby! We'll play dress-up together!
SASAMI: Have you decided, Misao?
MISAO: I've given it a lot of thought...
SASAMI: What's your dream, then?
MIHOSHI: Misao Amano? (Misao's terror-stricken) It's your 
turn, Misao.
	Misao's too timid, and doesn't speak very loud.
MISAO: I want to be...a pianist...
KONOHA: (loud and obnoxious) I can't hear you!!!
	Sasami scowls at Konoha.
SASAMI: Can I tell you my dream, Miss Mihoshi?
MIHOSHI: Sure, go ahead!
	She stands, but can't think of anything at first.
SASAMI: I want to be a kind of mother like my mom. Marry a 
cool guy like my dad and live happily ever after!
	Fades back over earth, where a shooting star (Tsunami) 
flies down to the surface.
TSUNAMI: (voice-over) I'm sorry, Sasami, but that just 
isn't meant to be. Your life is going to be anything but 
normal from now on.

	The girls walk home.
MISAO: Sasami, thanks for helping me in homeroom today.
SASAMI: I heard your dream. You want to be a pianist, 
right?
MISAO: Don't tell anyone.
	They see Ryo-Ohki sitting on the sidewalk in front of 
them. He meows.
SASAMI: What a cutie! Think it's a rabbit?
MISAO: It sounds like a cat.
SASAMI: Well, whatever it is, it's cute.
	She picks him up.
MISAO: Won't it bite?
SASAMI: It seems tame...
	Misao pets it. She smiles.
MISAO: You're right.
SASAMI: Hey, wait...you're the one that saved me earlier! 
I'll give you some milk as a reward.

	Sasami goes into her mom's music store.
SASAMI: Hi, Mom!
MOM: Great timing, Sasami! Someone's been waiting for you. 
An older girl. Very pretty. She says she wants to scout 
you.
SASAMI: Scout me?!
	She goes into the back room and finds Tsunami drinking 
tea. She looks over at her.
TSUNAMI: Hello.
SASAMI: Who are you?
TSUNAMI: My name is Tsunami.
	She drinks from her teacup. Sasami just stares at her.

	Misao arrives at her mom's apartment. She unlocks the 
door and goes in. Cut to message playing on machine while 
she listens sadly.
MSAMANO: Misao, I'll be working late again tonight. Dinner 
will be delivered at the usual time. Eat it all up. (pan 
over wall photos of Misao with just her mom) Leave early so 
you won't be late for prep school. Don't forget anything...
	She pushes stop.
MISAO: (thinking) Same old message. Mom's always working 
late. Dad's never coming back. It's so lonely here...
RAMIA: My! Even that gloomy face of yours is nice.
	Misao looks over as Ramia comes out of the wall. 
Rumiya's on her shoulder in bird form.
MISAO: Wh-who are you??
RAMIA: My name is Ramia. Candidate to be queen of another 
world.
RUMIYA: Although she lost.
	Ramia throws him like a dart through a clock. Misao 
runs for the door, but Ramia magically seals it shut. Ramia 
approaches her and takes her by her face.
RAMIA: Don't be afraid. I came for you from a magical 
kingdom. I need your help...
	She starts hypnotizing her.

SASAMI: A magical girl?!
TSUNAMI: Yes. I want you to become magical girl Pretty 
Sammy.
SASAMI: You can't make me! I don't know what to do!
RYO: Please, Sasami, you're the only one who can do it now!
	Sasami looks at Ryo in shock, then panics.
SASAMI: No way!! The bunny talked!!!
RYO: My name's Ryo-Ohki. I live in the magical kingdom, 
too.
TSUNAMI: Ryo-Ohki is your guardian, Pretty Sammy. His 
purpose here is to support you. He's in the form of a cat 
right now.
SASAMI: A cat?! (puts hands on head like bunny ears) He's 
not supposed to be a rabbit?
	Tsunami's busy sipping her tea and misses the 
question.
RYO: Stop that! I'm a cat!
	Sasami still taunts him with the bunny ears.
TSUNAMI: Now, Sasami, take this baton and transform into 
Pretty Sammy.
	Sasami takes the baton and looks it over.
SASAMI: It's so...gaudy.
TSUNAMI: You think so?
RYO: Sasami, use that to turn into Pretty Sammy, and you'll 
gain magical powers.
	Sasami starts thinking of all the cool stuff she could 
do if she had magic powers.
SASAMI: Alright, I'll try it!
TSUNAMI: I'm so glad!
RYO: The incantation is "Pretty Mutation Magical Recall".
	Sasami looks at them blankly.
SASAMI: ...what?
RYO: Pretty Mutation Magical Recall.
SASAMI: (stupidest incantation she's ever heard) I don't 
know of any mutations that turned out very pretty...
RYO: Sasami, please, just say it.
SASAMI: Okay, okay...
	She says the words and transforms, striking a pose at 
the end while Tsunami applauds. Sasami starts looking 
herself over.
SASAMI: So this is the new, magical me...
TSUNAMI: That's the way whoever the chosen kindred spirit 
looks when they use this power.
	Sasami looks at herself in the mirror, then goes back 
to Tsunami, handing the baton back.
SASAMI: I don't want this.
TSUNAMI: Why not?
SASAMI: I look so stupid in this! If anyone sees me like 
this, I'll be the laugh of the town! Everyone will make fun 
of me and think I'm a loon! It'll be the worst!
TSUNAMI: But you won't have to worry about that, because 
you'll be Pretty Sammy.
SASAMI: That's not the point!!!
	Tsunami's dots glow.
TSUNAMI: It's late. Ryo-Ohki, I'm leaving her to you.
RYO: Wonderful.
SASAMI: But...
	Tsunami's no longer on the couch. She's now on her 
flying platform outside the window.
TSUNAMI: I'm counting on your help, Pretty Sammy.
	She flies away. Sasami starts after her but hits the 
window face first.

	Mom gets a phonecall.
MOM: Hello, CD Vision...
RAMIA: Yes, I'd like a CD delivered.
MOM: Alright...4 Chome, number 16. Got it.
	Cut back to Amano apartment.
RAMIA: (feign sweetness) Thank you very much! (hangs up. We 
see a blond girl in the room with her) All right. Go give 
Tsunami's chosen girl a hard time.
	Pixie Misa gives a thumbs up and vanishes.
RAMIA: There. Handle the rest, Rumiya.
	Ramia vanishes as Rumiya pulls himself out of the 
clock.
RUMIYA: Wait, Sis! It's your job! You can't just leave!

	Sasami leaves the back room, normal again.
SASAMI: No way...
MOM: Sasami, what happened to that scout?
SASAMI: Oh, she left already.
MOM: Oh. What was she scouting for, anyway?
SASAMI: Magical girls. (laughs) Oh, is this for delivery? 
I'll take it.
	Ryo meows at Sasami.
SASAMI: Umm...look after him.
	She takes off as Mom picks up Ryo and cuddles him. He 
wants to follow Sasami.
MOM: You're so cute, little fellah!
	Sasami walks to make the delivery.
SASAMI: I hope I wasn't too mean. How can she expect me to 
just suddenly become a...a magical girl? What should I do? 
(looks back and sees Ryo-Ohki following her. She runs) 
Aahhh!!! Why'd you follow me???
RYO: I came to this planet to help you as Pretty Sammy! 
Please don't be so difficult!
	She ditches him finally.
SASAMI: Sorry, but goodbye!

She makes her way to the delivery location. It's an 
empty lot behind a building.
SASAMI: That's strange...it should be right here.
	A girl's evil laughter echoes around her. Sasami 
starts getting scared.
SASAMI: ...who's there?
	Bird-Rumiya swoops past her head as a chain link fence 
forms around her. She's definitely afraid now. Fire pillars 
form in a circle, and a flashy throne rises in the middle 
of them. Pixie Misa is sitting in it. Rumiya perches on her 
shoulder.
MISA: Welcome, Sasami!
SASAMI: Uh...who are you?
MISA: Allow me to introduce myself! My name is...(curtains 
are suddenly around her chair and spotlights shine on her 
as she poses) ...Pixie Misa!!!
SASAMI: Pixie Misa?
MISA: Okay. Strike the set. (the curtains and lights leave) 
It's a pleasure, Sasami.
	Sasami's real uncomfortable by now.
SASAMI: Anyway, here's the CD you ordered!
	Misa blasts it out of her hands.
SASAMI: Why'd you do that??
MISA: It was just a pretext to get you over here. A little 
joke. What I really wanted was you, Sasami!
SASAMI: What?! Why?
MISA: I was sent to use my magic to give you something to 
cry over!
SASAMI: Would you mind telling me why you want to do that??
MISA: Well, I could tell you...but I won't.
SASAMI: You don't even know, do you?
MISA: I do, too!
	Ryo-Ohki arrives.
RYO: Sammy!!! (looks at Misa) Who's that?
MISA: (innocently) Me? I'm the magical girl, Pixie Misa!
RYO: What's a magical girl doing here???
MISA: Well, I could tell you...
SASAMI: Alright, stop it. You're getting obnoxious. (to 
Ryo) I don't think she knows, either.
MISA: How rude! Well, since you're both here, I may as well 
give you a flashy show. (enchants the CD with a blast from 
her baton) Calling Mystics!
The CD flies into the air and morphs into a woman from 
the renaissance period.
SASAMI: Whoa! The CD turned into a person!
RYO: It's a love-love monster!
SASAMI: A what?!?!?!?!?
RYO: A love-love monster. A creature created by focusing 
evil energy on an object.
SASAMI: Who the crap comes up with these stupid names??????
MISA: Thank you, Ryo-Ohki, for that simple explanation. 
(looks at renaissance woman) Oh, for...Bach?! You delivered 
a Bach CD?!
SASAMI: That's what you ordered!!
MISA: Oh, no, that simply won't do. Let's try something 
more anarchic...(CD monster turns into a headbanging rock 
punk. CDs are on her chest) There, that's more like it. 
Now, CD Girl, show them what you've got!
	CD Girl starts throwing razor CDs at Sasami.
CDGIRL: Everybody dance!
	One CD cuts Sasami's clothes.
SASAMI: Hey!! That's dangerous!!
MISA: (gasps) It is? (to CD Girl) Dice 'em.
	More CDs fly as Sasami dodges them frantically.
RYO: Sasami, you only have one choice!
SASAMI: And that is?
RYO: (exasperated) Become Pretty Sammy!!
	CD Girl stops throwing.
MISA: Aww, why'd you stop?
CDGIRL: Sold out.
MISA: Oh. Well, better restock, then.
	CD Girl starts gathering the CDs off the ground around 
Sasami.
SASAMI: Is everyone from your world this incompetent?
RYO: Sasami, now's your chance!
	She doesn't want to. She despises the thought.
SASAMI: But...
RYO: Sasami!
	She remembers how she looked in the outfit.
SASAMI: (sighs) Just this once.
	Ryo-Ohki gives her the baton.
SASAMI: Here goes...(holds it up in the air. Stands there 
for a long time) ...I forgot the words...
RYO: (exasperated) Pretty Mutation...
SASAMI: Oh, yeah!
	She transforms and poses.
SAMMY: Magical girl Pretty Sammy is here!
	Pixie Misa kicks her down from behind.
MISA: Watch your back!
SAMMY: That's not fair, attacking someone while their 
posing!
MISA: You fool! (mock despair) You're spoiled and don't 
deserve to be my rival. Stand up and fight me!
	Sammy stands.
SAMMY: You kicked me down!
MISA: That's besides the point. Give her an encore, CD 
Girl!
SAMMY: (turning) Whoa!!!
CDGIRL: Dance reprise!
	Sammy dodges CDs as before.
RYO: Same as before the transformation...
SAMMY: You gonna help me or what??? Tell me how to use this 
thing (the baton)!!
RYO: Sammy, you can't use any powers yet!
SAMMY: Why not???
RYO: You need to work your way up to it as you fight!
SAMMY: Come again??
RYO: Look, what's that game you were playing at your house 
the other day?
SAMMY: Chrono Cross?? What of it??? I'm being attacked!!!
RYO: Well, your powers have the same principle. You have to 
beef yourself up in battle before you can use any! The more 
you fight, the more, higher level powers there are at your 
disposal!
SAMMY: Well, that's a really cool concept, Ryo-Ohki, but 
how can I fight this chick?!?
RYO: You should be physically stronger now that you've 
transformed!
SAMMY: I am? Hey, that's a start! (she charges CD Girl) 
Sammy Tackle!!!
	She plows into CD Girl, and flops on the ground. CD 
Girl is still standing.
SAMMY: Well, that was pathetic...
MISA: (laughing) You're really out of your league, Sammy!
	CD Girl prepares to smash her guitar over Sammy's 
head, but freezes when Misa ceases her attack.
MISA: I'm disappointed in you, Sammy. Especially since 
you're supposed to be my rival. You're a little girl with 
no knowledge of how to use your magical powers. I should 
just finish you off right here and now. But that would be 
boring. Go get some training! We'll have our rematch in 
three hours.
SAMMY: But I can't get trained in three hours!!!
MISA: Though I am pretty busy these days...alright, see you 
in three hours! Oh, and if you run away, CD Girl will wipe 
out the whole town.
SAMMY: Now hold on!!
MISA: (vanishing) See you again!
	The villains sink into the ground and are gone, 
leaving Sammy on her knees.
SAMMY: What do I do now?
RYO: Get to training, that's what!

	The judges watch in Juraihelm with Tsunami.
TSUNAMI: Who could that other magical girl be? I can't 
imagine...but Sasami transformed into Pretty Sammy after 
all! She'll be fine.
RAMIA: (entering) Hi, Tsunami!
TSUNAMI: Hi, Ramia.
RAMIA: They've started deliberating over your rule as 
queen.
TSUNAMI: Yes, but an evil magical girl has appeared on 
earth. It's just a feeling, but maybe someone's trying to 
interfere with the deliberations.
RAMIA: I doubt it.
TSUNAMI: You're right. I guess I'm just a worrywart. Must 
be a coincidence.
RAMIA: Yeah. (they laugh. Ramia turns to leave and grins) 
Moron...

	Sammy and Ryo-Ohki are at the school.
SAMMY: Why are we at school? I'm supposed to be training.
RYO: It has the equipment we need, and it's convenient. 
Let's go, there isn't much time.
SAMMY: But everyone will laugh if they see me like this!
RYO: That's no problem. You're not Sasami Kawai right now, 
you're Pretty Sammy.
SAMMY: But what about you? They'll put two and two together 
if they see you with me, won't they?
RYO: Don't worry, your transformation applies to me as 
well. Now, we'll start with ten laps to get your agility 
up!
	Sammy groans.
	Mark and Kenji practice soccer moves.
KENJI: Here goes!
	He prepares to kick, then stops.
MARK: What're you doing? Hurry up and pass it!
KENJI: Who's that girl?
	Mark looks at Sammy running, tired.
MARK: It's not our school uniform...
	They catch up to her. She panics when she recognizes 
them.
KENJI: Are you from our school?
SAMMY: (thinking) they don't recognize me...(talking) Uh, 
well, not really. (posing) I'm the magical girl Pretty 
Sammy!
	Boys look at her blankly. Sammy's embarrassed.
RYO: You'd better not pose unless you're going into 
battle...
SAMMY: Yeah...
KENJI: What's a "Magical Girl" doing in a place like this?
SAMMY: Uhh...practicing some techniques? (Ryo nudges her) 
Oh, I gotta run! Bye!
	She runs off.
MARK: What was that thing?
KENJI: Looked like a rabbit.

	Misa and CD Girl relax by a pool. Misa's in a bikini.
MISA: I'm so elegant.
	Bird-Rumiya arrives, with a phone around his neck.
RUMIYA: Misa! My sister's on the phone.
MISA: (takes phone) Hello, Misa speaking!
RAMIA: Haven't you taken Sammy out yet, Misa?
MISA: She'll be an easy knock out, two hours from now. Wait 
and see.
	Tsunami's watching Sammy train with little squatting-
hops.
RAMIA: Sounds promising. Don't fail me.
MISA: Okay, bye! (hangs up) Your sister worries too much.
	She takes a sip from her exotic glass as Rumiya 
watches.
RUMIYA: (thinking) Can we really count on this chick?

	Sammy does chin-ups.
RYO: You can do it, Sammy. Just ten more.
SAMMY: Gawd...
RYO: I'll always be watching you.
SAMMY: That sucks!
	The boys watch them from behind a tree.
MARK: Any connection between chin-ups and magic?
KENJI: Sure, why not?

	Misa's fast asleep in her chair.
RUMIYA: Misa...Misa! Wake up!
MISA: Morning, Rumiya!
RUMIYA: Skip the greetings. You'd better go finish off 
Sammy.
MISA: Now? I don't feel like it...
RUMIYA: Tough. Get going.
	Misa looks at him as if to say "Yes, Dad", then turns 
to CD Girl.
MISA: CD Girl, will you destroy Sammy for me? I'll be here 
napping.
CDGIRL: Okay!
RUMIYA: Hey! Aren't you gonna fight her yourself??
MISA: Changed my mind.
RUMIYA: God, you're just as irresponsible as my sister!

	Sammy's standing on the ledge of the roof. She's 
scared, no doubt. The boys watch from below.
MARK: What is she doing??
KENJI: She's not magical, she's just kinda goofy.
RYO: Don't look down. Just focus on your balance.
SAMMY: Easy for you to say! (to camera) Don't try this at 
home kids.
	Amy comes onto the roof.
AMY: Just what are you doing up here? It's against the 
school rules to stand on handrails! Just who are you 
anyway?
SAMMY: (poses) I'm the magical girl, Pretty Sammy!
	Amy stares blankly.
AMY: Even magical girls have to follow the rules! Get down 
from there!
	Amy pulls her down...right on top of herself.
RYO: Sammy, time's up!
Sammy gets up and leaves.
SAMMY: Sorry, gotta run! Bye!
AMY: Go on a diet!!!

	Back in the lot, Sammy's exhausted.
RYO: It's almost time. Are you ready?
SAMMY: I'm pooped...
RYO: The training will increase your tolerance to magic.
SAMMY: I think you covered that a while ago, Ryo-Ohki. 
Thank you.
RYO: Now you can use the Pretty Coquettish Bomber!
SAMMY: The what?!
RYO: It's your strongest attack. It can destroy love-love 
monsters with one stroke!
SAMMY: Okay, got it. Pretty Coquettish Bomber, love-love 
monsters, talking rabbits, planet full of Mandarin 
crackheads.
	CD Girl arrives.
CDGIRL: Hi, I'm back!
SAMMY: Where's Misa?
CDGIRL: She's enjoying a lovely vacation right now.
SAMMY: What?! How irresponsible!!
RYO: Sammy, don't waste any time! Finish the monster off!
SAMMY: Oh, right! Time to recall your stock, Roxette!
	CD Girl shoots fireballs from her guitar. Sammy goes 
back to dodging.
SAMMY: You never did this before!!!
CDGIRL: This is my encore!
	The boys walk down the street to their houses.
MARK: I wonder what she was doing?
KENJI: The magical girl?
MARK: For god's sake, Kenji, magic doesn't exist, okay??
	They hear explosions and find the lot where the battle 
is taking place.
MARK: Hey, it's her!!
RYO: Sammy, concentrate on your baton and use the PCB!
SAMMY: I can't concentrate right now, Ryo-Ohki!!!
RYO: Well, find an opening and weaken her so you can!!!
	CD Girl rushes up to her as her guitar becomes razor 
sharp. She tries to dice Sammy, but Sammy blocks with her 
baton. When they back away, CD Girl shoots a barrage of 
fireballs until they get up close again. After a while of 
this, Sammy parrys her guitar-scythe and hits her in the 
face with the baton.
RYO: That's it, Sammy!!
MARK: Way to go!!!
	CD Girl sees the two boys. Knocking Sammy back, she 
starts to summon a huge blast to kill both of them. Sammy 
runs in front of them and blocks the blast with the baton. 
She's unharmed, to the boys' amazement. CD Girl's pissed, 
and charges her with her guitar-scythe, but when Sammy 
blocks it, it breaks on her baton.
RYO: Sammy, do it now!!!
SAMMY: Okay...
	She uses the pretty coquettish bomber at max power. 
The kick throws her back while the heart-shaped blast 
knocks CD Girl through a building and into the moon, making 
a moon-shaped crater.
RYO: You okay, Sammy?
SAMMY: Y-yeah...did I win?
RYO: You used the Bomber at full power. You've got to learn 
to control it properly!
SAMMY: Oh, no, the CD!!!
	She picks up the CD. It's all destroyed.
SAMMY: Ohh, no one will buy it now...
MARK: Wow, you were awesome, Pretty Sammy!!!
	Sammy hides the CD, just in case they know where she 
works. She laughs nervously.
SAMMY: Thanks!
KENJI: I can't believe a demon like that was here, in our 
own hometown! Sammy, you'll protect our city, won't you?
	Sammy realizes the fix she's in. She can't say no.
SAMMY: Uh, sure!
KENJI: Great!
SAMMY: Well, I gotta go now. (leaves around the fence) Bye!
MARK: Wow. Pretty Sammy kicks serious ass!!! Did you see 
that???
KENJI: Yeah, she's tight! Don't know about that costume, 
though...
	Misao wakes up at the big swimming pool. She's 
confused. Bird-Rumiya shakes his head and Misao watches him 
fly away.

	The scales tip toward good a little. Ramia's 
flabbergasted. The judges are impressed.
TSUNAMI: You did it Sammy! I was a little surprised when 
that evil magical girl showed up, but that kindred spirit 
of mine did very well! You can make the world a peaceful 
place, Pretty Sammy! (looks at Ramia) Ramia, are you all 
right?
RAMIA: Damn it!!!!
	She storms off to her room.
RAMIA: I am so pissed right now!!! Ohh, but I need 
something to take my anger out on, or I'll explode!
	Bird-Rumiya arrives and transforms back to normal.
RUMIYA: Hey, Sis. I messed up.
	She goes up to him.
RAMIA: You'll do.
	Ramia punts him out of Juraihelm.

	Misao's waiting by the school wall. Sasami shows up, 
exhausted.
SASAMI: Hey, Misao...
MISAO: What's wrong?
SASAMI: Just a little stiff. (to self) But I won't become a 
magical girl ever again.
MISAO: Excuse me?
SASAMI: Nothing! Let's go.
Sasami sees Ryo-Ohki on the wall. He meows and jumps 
into her arms.
MISAO: It's the cabbit from yesterday.
	Sasami and Ryo-Ohki whisper.
SASAMI: What do you want? I got rid of that stupid monster! 
It's over!
RYO: No way. Pixie Misa's still around. There's lots to do; 
you're just getting started.
	Sasami sighs as she and Misao walk to class.
SASAMI: I'm in for a rough ride...

	Mark barges into class.
MARK: Listen up, everyone! You won't believe it!
	Jump cut.
KID1: A magical girl?!
MARK: Yeah, Pretty Sammy! Her outfit's pretty lame, but 
she's so cool! (Sasami's embarrassed) She totally flattened 
this rock and roll demon with her magic! There was smoke 
and fire everywhere!
KID2: But doesn't magic only exist in stories and video 
games?
MARK: It's true, isn't it, Kenji?
KENJI: Yeah, it is! I was there, too. Her miniskirt is her 
charming point.
	Sasami's really embarrassed. She drops her head on her 
desk.
KID1: I don't believe it!
KID2: But if Kenji says it's true...
MARK: Hey! What's that supposed to mean?? You believe what 
Kenji says but not me??
SASAMI: (thinking) I'm so embarrassed. I can't let them 
know it was me. I have to keep it a secret, no matter what.
	Misao sits at her desk.
MISAO: I wonder if magic really does exist.
SASAMI: Yeah, that'd be neat, huh?
	Misao remembers meeting Ramia.
SASAMI: Misao, you okay?
MISAO: I...I just spaced out for a bit.
MARK: ...and then Kenji and I helped her with her training!
	Konoha wraps her arms around him.
KONOHA: Cut it out. I hate it when you talk about other 
girls, Marcus!
MARK: Get away from me, you freak!
KENJI: You and your wife never get along, do you, Mark?
MARK: Laugh it up, Kenji.
KONOHA: You're blushing, Marcus!
MARK: I am not!!!!
MIHOSHI: Excuse me, but I'd like to start class now.

	Ryo-Ohki poses in front of a mirror.
RYO: That's cute and helpless enough!
	Cut to Dad bursting through living room door.
DAD: Good morning, my beloved wife, Helen, whom I love to 
pieces!
HELEN: (playing video games) What are you talking about, 
Ginji? It's afternoon!
GINJI: Already? (Ryo sits at his feet, purring) What's 
this? Is it a rabbit or a cat?
HELEN: Sasami calls it Ryo-Ohki. It's been hanging around 
the house lately. Isn't it cute?
GINJI: (picks him up) Those eyes. Some animals suck up to 
people...(he looks at Ryo almost menacingly, then hugs him) 
I love them!!!
HELEN: It's gotten really attached to Sasami. Let's keep 
it!
GENJI: Good idea. I can't wait to see Sasami's happy face!
	Helen dies in the video game.
HELEN: Aww...oh, that's right! Sasami's bringing her test 
home today!
GENJI: I can't wait to see it!
	Cut to test with 60% on it.
MIHOSHI: Does everybody have their test back?
CLASS: Yes.
MIHOSHI: Okay, I have a special announcement: Two students 
in our class got 100% on the test, and they are Kenji 
Oyamada and Misao Amano!
SASAMI: That's awesome, Misao!
MISAO: I lucked out. That's all.
MIHOSHI: Would you two please stand up?
	Kenji stands.
SASAMI: C'mon, stand up, Misao!
MISAO: Okay...
MIHOSHI: Let's give a big hand to these good students.
	Everyone claps for Misao and Kenji.
MARK: Good going, Kenji!
KENJI: Thank you! I'm here all week! Thank you!

	The girls walk home, Sasami oogling over Misao's test.
SASAMI: You did great, Misao! I can't believe it!
MISAO: Put it away already!
	A bus passes, and we see Sasami showing the test to a 
stranger. Misao sees this and panics.
MISAO: (grabbing the test back) Sasami, cut it out!
SASAMI: But you did so great! You shouldn't be so timid 
about everything, Misao. The more you open up to people, 
the more you overcome it.
MISAO: ...it's not that easy...
SASAMI: Ooh, I just remembered! The "Dragon A" Magazine 
comes out today! Come with me, Misao!

	Back to Ramia's place, where she watches Sasami and 
Misao. Rumiya is hanging from the ceiling with a sign 
around his neck that says "I messed up".
RAMIA: That Pretty Sammy! Being so carefree! She's so 
infuriating! Especially considering that I created Pixie 
Misa! She's supposed to be watching her back!!
RUMIYA: She wasted the love-love monster pretty easily, 
too.
RAMIA: (shaking him) That's your fault!!
RUMIYA: Alright already!!!
RAMIA: This isn't good. Gemini will be restored to its 
former balance. Then Tsunami will be finalized as 
queen...AGH!!! I just imagined Tsunami as the queen!! 
(shakes Rumiya again) I despise turning into someone who 
could have such a thought!! You've got to interfere 
somehow, Rumiya.
RUMIYA: But if the Juraihelm priests find out...
RAMIA: No problem. (in his face) Even if they do find out, 
it won't be me they'll be after.
RUMIYA: Sis, that's not fair!
	She opens her door to earth.
RUMIYA: Ramia, let's not do this!
RAMIA: Quit your griping and get down there!!!
	She lobs Rumiya through the door and he flies down to 
earth. Hard.
RUMIYA: I hate you!!!!!

	The girls stop at the music store after getting 
Sasami's magazine. Misao sets her music book on a piano and 
plays for Sasami. The song ends abruptly, unfinished, but 
Sasami and Ryo clap anyway.
SASAMI: That was wonderful! I didn't know you were that 
good a pianist, Misao!
MISAO: Thanks, Sasami.
SASAMI: What's that song called?
MISAO: It's called "Misao". But it isn't finished yet. Dad 
got so busy, he had to go overseas.
	She looks at the last page. She has written "I miss 
dad" at the bottom of the page.
SASAMI: When's he coming back?
MISAO: I don't know...he left when I was little.

	Misao goes home and is happy to find her mom is there.
MISAO: Mom! I got a hundred on the test today!
MSAMANO: Misao, you're late for prep class. Where have you 
been?
MISAO: I stopped with Sasami on the way home.
MSAMANO: Well, hurry and get to class. I have to get back 
to work.
MISAO: But...
MSAMANO: Bye, honey.
	She leaves. Misao's hurt. Cut to Misao looking at 
paper.
MISAO: But I did so well...
	Bird-Rumiya lands outside the window. She opens it and 
looks out at him.
MISAO: Hello, again. I got a hundred on my test today.
	He hypnotizes her.

	Sasami reads the Dragon A mag and laughs her head off. 
Ryo-Ohki's on her head.
RYO: Sammy...
SASAMI: (stops) I'm not doing any more magical girl stuff, 
Ryo-Ohki.
RYO: No, that's not it.
SASAMI: Then what?
RYO: (overjoyed) Your family is going to keep me!
SASAMI: WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
	Sasami runs home in a panic. She bursts through the 
door...
SASAMI: Mom! What are you thinking???
	...and confetti rains on her.
MOM&DAD: (singing) Welcome home, Sasami!!!!
GINJI: Sasami's test has arrived!!!
HELEN: I can't wait to see it!!!
MOM&DAD: I wonder how she did?
	Sasami and Ryo stare blankly.
SASAMI: You're sure you want to live here?

	Pixie Misa strolls down the street, catching the eye 
of a desperate clothing designer at Frederick's of 
Hollywood. Misa comes to the prep school and stops.
MISA: This is our next target!
RUMIYA: A prep school?
MISA: Nothing spells fun more than bringing life back to 
drab accountants' kids!
RUMIYA: ...whatever.

GINJI: Sixty percent...
HELEN: Sixty percent...
	Sasami laughs, then hangs her head.
GINJI: Good job, Sasami! I would've gotten seventy percent, 
though.
HELEN: You're so cool, Ginji!
GINJI: Now, Sasami, your present...
SASAMI: A present for me???
	He holds up a flier.
SASAMI: Is this a prep school?
GINJI: Yes! You can get free trial classes if you start 
today!
SASAMI: This is the prep school Misao goes to.
GINJI: Really?
HELEN: If you try really hard, I'll make sukiyaki for 
dinner!
SASAMI&DAD: Sukiyaki?!?!?!?
GINJI: It's settled then!
SASAMI: Yeah!
SASAMI&DAD: Sukiyaki!!!

	Misa sits on the teacher's desk at the prep school.
MISA: Hello all you hard-working boys and girls!
KONOHA: Who are you?
MISA: Who am I? Why, I'm your substitute teacher! I'm the 
magical girl, Pixie Misa!
KONOHA: Magical girl?!
MISA: That's right! Nice to meet you!
KID: Could you stop talking and start teaching?
MISA: No, no, no! You've had enough teaching for the day! A 
long time ago, someone said "Play a lot, and study a lot" I 
think it was Confucius...
KONOHA: Sounds like you just made it up!
MISA: You know, I think I did! Anyway, you study all day at 
school. You don't need to study here, too.
KONOHA: We're here to study, so go get our teacher!
	Misa sneers at her and starts going through her desk.
KONOHA: What're you doing???
	Misa pulls out a video game.
MISA: Why is this hidden in your desk, hmm?
KONOHA: I was...I was going to lend it to a friend!
MISA: Then you agree. Everyone wants to play and have fun, 
right? After all, "All work and no play"...(laughs) I'm 
sure that one was Confucius...
KONOHA: That was Jack Nicholson!
MISA: Oh, dear. I keep getting my philosophers mixed up! 
(throws game into the air as she pulls out her baton) We're 
going to have fun today, class! Calling Mystics!!!
	The cartridge turns into Arcade Girl. She's made of 
shiny, sleek metal and lights, and she's pretty evil-
looking.
MISA: Arcade Girl, let's show these studious kids how to 
have fun!
ARCADE: Yes, Mistress...
	She blasts the nerdy kid and traps him in an airtight 
bubble, floating in the air. Three more kids are turned 
into SMB "?" blocks and get coins pounded out of them. Then 
she sicks a bunch of Pac-men on Konoha and a few others as 
she blasts at the rest with lasers.
MISA: Now we're playing with power!!!
	Sasami and Ginji arrive at the classroom.
GINJI: Now, remember, we aren't expecting you to become a 
genius. Just do your best, and we'll be proud of you.
SASAMI: I know, Dad...
	He opens the door and they see the chaos.
SASAMI: Uh, Dad, let's get out of here...
GINJI: Why? It looks like fun. Go have a good time, honey!
	He pushes her in, right into Misa. He closes the door 
and goes outside.
MISA: Well, hello again, Sasami!
KONOHA: Sasami, is this a friend of yours???
SASAMI: No way! I've never even met her before!
MISA: (pauses, then says softly) Do you think a magical 
girl who fights for truth and justice should be lying?
SASAMI: (covers Misa's mouth) Whoa!!!!
MISA: We're just starting to have fun, Sasami, see?
	Arcade Girl is beating up some kids with boxing glove 
hands. She electrocutes them with her cables when they 
lose.
MISA: (laughs) Oh, I haven't seen games like this in years! 
How about you, Sasami? (looks over, Sasami's gone) She took 
off!!!!
	Sasami is out in the hallways, panting. Ryo-Ohki 
appears with the baton.
SASAMI: Geez, don't scare me like that!!!!
RYO: Sasami, become Pretty Sammy and stop that love-love 
monster!
SASAMI: Do I have to?
RYO: Yes, you do! It's your duty as a magical girl.
SASAMI: (taking the baton) I'm getting into this deeper and 
deeper...
	Back in the room, Arcade Girl has Konoha tied up in 
her cords. Misa's laughing as always.
MISA: Almost game over, honey! Wanna reset?
	Suddenly, a green pipe appears, and Sammy rises out of 
it.
SAMMY: Hold it right there! Magical girl Pretty Sammy is 
here, with video game strategies, walkthroughs, and cheats 
to spare!
MISA: Oh, Sammy, you want to play, too? I'm flattered! 
Arcade Girl, show Sammy what die hard gaming is all about!
	Arcade Girl drops Konoha and attacks Sammy with 
fireballs and lasers. Sammy dodges pretty well this time, 
and gets some good hits in. She hits one of the blasts like 
a baseball at Misa, who ducks frantically.
MISA: Hey, stop aiming those my way! (she hits a few more 
at her) That's it! I'm now forced to use my new controller!
	Misa pulls out a demonic N64 controller and locks on 
Sammy with it.
SAMMY: What the...(she's just standing) I can't move!!! 
(she turns computer animated and super-deformed) Oh, this 
is weird.
MISA: Isn't she cute??
	Misa moves her around dangerously, into walls and 
jumping her into the ceiling, all while Arcade Girl kicks 
her around the room. Misa's loving it.
SAMMY: Hey!!! That's not fair!!!
MISA: What's not fair is that once you die, my game's over, 
'cause you don't get any extra lives to fall back on, 
Sammy!! Now, Arcade Girl, use the Power Glove!!!
	Arcade Girl's right hand turns into a dangerous-
looking gauntlet and launches at Sammy, who dodges.
SAMMY: Now you're really getting out of hand, Misa!!!
MISA: Still kicking, eh?
Misa hits the pause button. Sammy's frozen with the 
word PAUSE over her head.
SAMMY: That's really cheesy...
MISA: Now, Arcade Girl!!
	Arcade Girl prepares to blast Sammy to oblivion, when 
Konoha attaches something on her back.
ARCADE: What the...What're you doing??? Get away, you 
eight-bit maggot!!!
	She knocks Konoha away, then fires at Sammy.
MISA: Game over, Sammy!
	The glove flies at Sammy, and lightly bounces off her 
chest. Arcade Girl does it again and again, but nothing 
doing.
SAMMY: What the heck?
MISA: What did you do???
KONOHA: Think you're so smart, doncha? I also had my Game 
Shark with me, loaded with every cheat code you could think 
of!
SAMMY: Good going, Konoha! Your monster's useless, Misa!
MISA: That's not fair! Arcade Girl, do something!!!
	Arcade Girl rips the Game Shark off her back while 
Konoha hits the game eject button on her chest and gets her 
game back out. Arcade Girl instantly freezes up. She moves 
only slightly, and twitches really bad.
SAMMY: And you should never hit "eject" during gameplay! 
The game freezes if you do.
MISA: Noooo!!!!! Curse both of you!!!
	Misa drops the controller, and Sammy turns back to 
normal. She grabs the "PAUSE" sign, then hits reset, 
turning all the kids back to normal and even fixing the 
room back to the way it was.
MISA: Um, Arcade Girl?
ARCADE: Y-yes, Mistress?
MISA: ......catch you later!
	She runs off. Sammy bashes Arcade Girl with the big 
sign, launching her out the roof. She explodes into 
fireworks in the air, playing the Mario level complete 
song.
GINJI: No wonder this place is so trendy. Great class!

	Everyone's okay, but tired.
SAMMY: I'm glad everyone is okay. Thanks for helping, by 
the way.
KONOHA: You came to help us. I just don't like owing 
anybody, so I helped out instead.
SAMMY: Well, that was good thinking with that Game Shark. 
I'm glad you had it with you.
KONOHA: How'd you know my name?
SAMMY: Huh?
KONOHA: I haven't even spoken to you before, and you knew 
my name.
SAMMY: Umm...goodbye, everyone!
	She runs off. Rumiya watches her leave.
RUMIYA: Sammy beat Misa again. Sis is gonna be mad...(he 
flies off) Oh, well...

Sasami's leaning against the wall in the hallway. 
Misao wakes up around the corner and finds Sasami on the 
way back to class.
MISAO: Sasami? What're you doing here? Do you go here now?
SASAMI: Huh? Oh, hey, Misao! No, I'm just taking trial 
classes. I was gonna surprise you, but...
	They look up at the huge hole in the building's roof.
SASAMI: ...there were complications.

	Tsunami watches as the scales tip toward equilibrium 
again.
TSUNAMI: Gemini's balance has been restored even more now. 
Thanks to Pretty Sammy, the world is becoming a better 
place! (to Ramia) Isn't that wonderful, Ramia?
	Ramia's playing an arcade game by the main hall.
RAMIA: Just wonderful, Tsunami.
TSUNAMI: Oh, is this a new game?
RAMIA: You could say that. I'm doing pretty well, no 
surprise.
TSUNAMI: Well, I'm going to go water the flowers in my 
room.
RAMIA: Okay, bye! (Tsunami leaves, Ramia scowls at her 
back, then goes back to the game) Have you said your 
farewells, Rumiya?
	The game is like Street Fighter 2, but Rumiya's 
trapped inside against a demonic Ramia. He's wearing a sign 
that says "I messed up again".
RUMIYA:  Sis, let me out! Come on!!
	Ramia beats the stuffing out of him.

	Ginji's giving the girls a ride home.
GINJI: So how'd you do in prep class, Sasami?
SASAMI: Uhh...I did my best...oh, Dad, Misao got a hundred 
on her test today! I forgot to tell you guys!
MISAO: Sasami...
GINJI: That's terrific, Misao. We'll have to celebrate 
somehow...Misao, how would you like to have dinner with us?
	Misao's surprised.
SASAMI: That'd be great, Misao!
MISAO: ...okay...
GINJI: We'll get what we need for sukiyaki on the way, 
then.
SASAMI: We'll have a party!
	Misao smiles.
MISAO: (thinking) Thank you, Sasami.

Amy's leading a discussion on what to do for the 
school festival. Everyone and everything keeps interrupting 
her. When she's about to restart her statement, the phone 
rings. Mihoshi gets it, and it's for Misao. She talks for a 
bit, then, to the class's surprise, gets really happy. She 
hangs up.
SASAMI: Misao, what happened?
MISAO: That was my mom at work! She just got a letter from 
Dad! He's coming home this Friday!!!
SASAMI: Oh, Misao, I don't believe it!!
	Misao hugs her.
SASAMI: Oh, Misao, that's wonderful!!! You really love your 
dad a lot, don't you?
MISAO: Yeah, he's the greatest!
	Rumiya watches the girls in a special orb.
RUMIYA: So, her dad's coming home. I'm so glad, Misao...

	Ramia's furious about her latest failure.
RAMIA: Blunders!! (kicks furniture over) Blunders!! (slams 
her doorway to earth shut) Blunders!! (grabs a tall lamp, 
does a little dance, and hits her orb with Sammy on it out 
of her house) Bluuun-ders!!! Why is my wonderful Pixie Misa 
so damn weak??? I don't believe it!!!
	She punches and kicks the walls until Rumiya falls out 
of the inner window and lands on the ground, with the 
sliding door landing over his head.
RAMIA: Rumiya! Have you finished your plan to beat Sammy 
up?
RUMIYA: Not yet...
RAMIA: You are so easygoing!! I don't believe you!!!
RUMIYA: But Sammy's already too much for the love-love 
monsters! Let's just give up.
RAMIA: No chance!!!
RUMIYA: But...but Misao's dad is coming home soon. She's 
happier than I've ever seen her...leave her alone already.
	Ramia smiles coyly.
RAMIA: Ohh, I get it. (laughs, and pets him on the head) I 
guess if you keep thinking someone to be a kid, they become 
an adult before you know it! You're growing up, Rumiya!
RUMIYA: (embarrassed)...that's not it...
RAMIA: Alright. This'll be the last time we turn her into 
Pixie Misa.
RUMIYA: Really???
RAMIA: However! We're gonna pump Misa's magical power level 
up to the max. Then she's gonna squash Sammy for sure! Got 
it?
RUMIYA: Right!
RAMIA: I'll have to get Misa to go after Sammy herself. 
"The Magical Girl Showdown Plan"!
RUMIYA: No! Misa will just botch up again all on her own!
RAMIA: No, she'll win. I'll be in on it, too, this time.
	They teleport to the top of a church, with Rumiya in 
bird form.
RAMIA: Now, Rumiya, go turn Misao into Pixie Misa, then get 
her to write a challenge to Sammy.
RUMIYA: Aren't you coming, Sis?
RAMIA: I've got lots of preparation to do for this plan. 
I'm going to make a few hyper love-love monsters to help 
her out. (Rumiya sighs) GET MOVING!!!
	Rumiya flies off hurriedly as Ramia smirks.
RAMIA: Boys...If it doesn't work this time, Juraihelm's 
balance will...
	Show Gemini almost parallel.
TSUNAMI: Oh, my! The scale's almost parallel!
	Tsunami walks off singing while Ramia starts getting 
mad again.
RAMIA: Just you wait, Tsunami!

	Thursday. School's out. Everyone's leaving.
MARK: Kenji, let's drop off our bags and go to soccer 
practice! Today we'll pummel those guys in Division 2!
KENJI: Raring to go as usual, Mark?
MARK: You bet! It's my only strength!
KONOHA: Marcus! (hugs him) Mom rented a video yesterday! 
Wanna come over and watch? It's such a romantic love story!
MARK: Get the hell away from me!!! I wanna play soccer!!
	Sasami and Misao run by.
SASAMI: Bye, guys! See you next week!
KENJI: Bye, Sasami! Bye, Misao!
MARK: Misao sure is cheery today...
KENJI: You've been looking at her a lot lately.
MARK: I have not! Shut up!
KONOHA: Oh, Marcus! Don't look at anyone else but me!!
MARK: Get away!
	The girls walk down the street.
SASAMI: When's your dad's flight coming in?
MISAO: I'm not sure. Any time now, I think...
	Cut to Mrs. Amano on phone in her car.
MSAMANO: Yes...right...okay. (hangs up, sees Misao on 
sidewalk, stops next to them) Hi, Misao! Hi Sasami!
MISAO: Mom! Have you heard anything from Dad?
MSAMANO: I just got a call. He's at the airport.
MISAO: Really?? Then he'll be back before dinner??
MSAMANO: Honestly, coming back so suddenly like this. 
Thanks to him, I had to take time off work.
MISAO: Looks like we're really planning a feast, huh?
MSAMANO: (blushing) You think so? (looks back) Oh! I forgot 
to get roses! Your father loves roses!
MISAO: I'll get them! You go home and put away the stuff 
for the big dinner, okay?
MSAMANO: All right. (hands her money) Get as many as this 
will buy.
MISAO: Okay! Red, right? (she nods) Okay, I'm going!
MSAMANO: Leave your bag with me!
MISAO: Oh, okay. Bye, Sasami!
SASAMI: Bye, Misao!
	Misao runs off.
SASAMI: You must be so happy, Mrs. Amano!
MSAMANO: Yeah. I'll give you a ride home, Sasami.
SASAMI: Oh, thanks!
	Bird-Rumiya watches. He follows after Misao.

	Misao gets the roses and leaves for her home. Rumiya 
lands on a fence, but doesn't hypnotize her. She recognizes 
the bird.
MISAO: Guess what, Birdie? My dad's coming home today! 
Wonder what I should say first when I see him...
	Rumiya still does nothing. He doesn't want to 
hypnotize her.
MISAO: I can't wait to see him. Then Mom and Dad and I 
can...(laughs) It's funny. I'm telling you this and you 
can't even understand me.
Rumiya flies down to her and cuddles on her shoulder.
MISAO: Aww...are you alone, too, Birdie? Maybe you do 
understand me.
RUMIYA: She's so lonely, but she always covers it up...
RAMIA: (telepathically) RUMIYA!!!! What do you think you're 
doing?!?!
RUMIYA: I...nothing. I just...
RAMIA: You're supposed to be hypnotizing her, not making 
kissy-face! Honestly, you make no sense to me! Make her 
transform or else!
RUMIYA: Or else what?
	Ramia makes rag-wringing gestures, scaring Rumiya into 
transforming Misao. She drops the flowers on the sidewalk.
RAMIA: Pretty Sammy, tomorrow is the end for you!! 
(dancing) Tomorrow is Friday! The showdown's on Friday!!!
RUMIYA: I'm sorry, Misao...but this is the last time. When 
this is over, you can return to being a normal girl...a 
normal girl living with her dad.
	Misa laughs maniacally. Rumiya perches on her arm.
RUMIYA: Misa, this is the final battle! Your powers are 
increased. You're gonna challenge Sammy to a duel somewhere 
this time to take her down once and for all. I'm told 
you'll be aided in the fight.
MISA: Final battle? You've caught me off guard a bit. But 
this time I'll really make Sammy bawl! Time for the final 
showdown!
	She laughs.
RUMIYA: And after that...I'll have no reason to see Misao 
again. (Misa picks up the flowers) Hey, those flowers are 
for...
MISA: But first, Pixie Misa's next-generation magic! 
Calling Lovely Mystics!!!
	The flowers turn into tendrils that start to wind 
around the buildings as Misa leaves.

	Sasami's in her jammies, ready for bed.
SASAMI: Ahh, tomorrow's Friday and I have no homework! Time 
to hit the sack.
	She turns the light out as she climbs into bed.
SASAMI: Hey, the bed is warm...
	Misa pops her head out from under the covers, scaring 
Sasami out of the bed.
MISA: Good evening, Sasami! Ooh, that's not good sleeping 
posture!
SASAMI: (getting up) Misa?!? What kind of sick person are 
you????
MISA: (standing) Oh, don't get your hopes up, Sasami. I 
came to bring you this.
	Hands her a scroll.
SASAMI: A challenge?
RYO: "A Challenge to Duel"?
MISA: That's right!
SASAMI: Hey, what do you mean by "Don't get your hopes 
up"????
MISA: Stay on subject, Sasami. Tomorrow after school's out, 
you and I will lay the smackdown! See you then!
	She walks through her window and vanishes.
RYO: What does the scroll say?
SASAMI: "To Pretty Sammy THE FOOL"?!
RYO: That's it?!

	Misa rides on a car playing a pre-recorded 
announcement as she waves like a homecoming queen.
BULLHORN: Calling all people carrying out their everyday 
lives! That girl posing as good to be popular amongst you, 
the timid Pretty Sammy, is going to have a magical girl 
showdown with the lovely Pixie Misa, goddess of 
destruction, lover of chaos, at the Ocean Star High School 
courtyard! For those wishing to see Sammy bawl her eyes 
out, we extend a warm welcome.
	At the school, people have gathered and set up a 
festival around the event. Misa's car arrives.
MARK: Look, it's Pixie Misa!
	Everyone starts booing.
MISA: Thank you, thank you, thank you for your super warm 
welcome! (pulls out bullhorn) Now Super Shut Up!!! (quiet. 
She looks at school windows) Come on, Sammy! Come on out! 
Let's see who the greatest magical girl is!
	Sasami's alone in her homeroom class. She starts to 
leave.
RYO: Are you listening to her, Sasami?? You aren't going 
home, are you??
SASAMI: Misao took the day off school today. I thought I'd 
go visit her.
RYO: And Misa?
SASAMI: She'll probably go home if I just ignore her...
RYO: This is your chance to teach her a lesson! If you get 
rid of Misa, you won't have to transform anymore! Please???
SASAMI: (sighs) I guess I can't avoid it...
RYO: (happily) Here you go!
	Sasami transforms and some girls dressed like her 
carry her out to the courtyard.
SAMMY: Sorry to keep you waiting! Magical Girl Pretty Sammy 
is here at last!
	The audience cheers Sammy and disses Misa. The girls 
face each other.
MISA: (pointing with baton) Today is the end of our 
friendship, Sammy!
SAMMY: We never had a friendship!!!
MISA: Yeah, you're right.
SAMMY: Misa, give me your word that if I win, you'll never 
bother people again!
MISA: Alright, if you win. Now, enough talk. Have at you, 
Sammy!!!
	Misa lunges with an overhead baton chop, which Sammy 
blocks. Sparks fly until Misa hurts her wrist and hops 
around, whimpering.
MISA: Oww! Oww! Oww!
MARK: Wow, what a pansy.
	Sammy holds her at bay with her baton.
SAMMY: Promise me! You won't bother people anymore!
MISA: I'm pulling out all stops now!! Haphazardly Calling 
Mystics!!
	She animates a cigarette butt and an empty cola can, 
who attack Sammy. Sammy takes them out with a golf swing 
(they're monsters, but their size stayed the same).
MISA: Oh, Cigarette Butt Girl and Empty Can Girl!! Sammy, 
have you no decency??
	Sammy holds her at bay again.
SAMMY: Give me your word!
MARK: Do her in, Sammy!!
AMY: Beat the hell out of her!!!
	Everyone cheers. Rumiya flies down to help.
RUMIYA: Misa, run for it!!
RYO: No way!!
	Ryo gets him in a headlock.
RUMIYA: Hey, stoppit, Ryo-Ohki! I get enough of this at 
home!!
	He throws Ryo off.
RYO: Hey, what do you mean? How do you know my name??
RUMIYA: Umm...
RYO: Who's summoning Pixie Misa???
SAMMY: Yeah, who keeps summoning you, Misa??
	Misa backs against a wall. She tries to keep away from 
Sammy. Rumiya pulls out his phone and dials.
RUMIYA: (dialing) "Ramia-is-evil-Ramia-is-a-devil" Hey, 
Misa was right. That is easier to remember...
	Ramia's mixing some glowing fluid in a dish. The phone 
rings and she picks up.
RAMIA: Hello?
RUMIYA: Sis! Are you watching this???
RAMIA: I'm kind of busy, Rumiya. Do enlighten me.
RUMIYA: Misa's just made the most stunning display of 
stupidity I've ever seen!! She's helpless!! We need those 
hyper love-love monsters now!!!
RAMIA: (shouting) Don't rush me!!!! This is a very delicate 
process!! (sweet again) I'll be done in a moment, okay?
	Rumiya has been knocked over by Ramia's yelling. She 
adds to the fluid in the dish a handful of soil, a thimble 
of water, and a hint of fire. The dish explodes into three 
rays of light that travel over to earth. Ramia picks up the 
phone.
RAMIA: They're on their way, Rumiya! Now don't screw up!!!
RUMIYA: Thanks a lot...
	Ryo tackles Rumiya and takes his phone.
RYO: Hello! Who is this?? Answer me!!
	Ramia panics and hangs up. Rumiya grabs the phone 
back. Just then, three rays of light hit the ground in 
different places.
SAMMY: What's going on???
RYO: Sammy, look!!!
	The Elemental Triplets form in front of Sammy. Misa 
joins them excitedly.
MISA: The Elemental Triplets!!! Oh, wow!! What're you doing 
here??
GAIA: We were sent here to assist you, Misa.
TYPHOON: Since you obviously couldn't handle her on your 
own.
TRIPLETS: Greetings, Pretty Sammy! We are the Elemental 
Triplets!
GAIA: Agents of hate!
BLAZE: Agents of lust!
TYPHOON: Agents of destruction!
BLAZE: But mostly hate.
TYPHOON: And destruction.
GAIA: And we're callin' you out!
SAMMY: Misa, are these friends of yours?
MISA: Puh-leez! They're only the most powerful hyper love-
love monsters ever created!
GAIA: Misa, we'll take care of Sammy. You go take a nap or 
something.
BLAZE: Prepare yourself, Sammy!!!
	The girls use a barrage of heavy attacks that totally 
pummel Sammy. Everyone's shocked. Misa's laughing.
GINJI: I don't understand!
SAMMY: Ryo-Ohki, why can't I stop them?
MISA: I'll tell you why, Sammy! They are fueled by the 
power of the Lovely Space, as you wield power from your 
pathetic Pretty Space!
GAIA: We can't be beaten by "cuteness".
SAMMY: Hey, I can be more than cute!!
	She charges Gaia, but the girls combine their power 
and fire a triangular blast of energy.	Sammy is taken 
down. Her baton falls lightly to the ground as everyone 
watches in horror. Tsunami is shocked most of all. Misa 
laughs.
MISA: That's the ultimate Pixie Misa Victory, Sammy!!!
TRIPLETS: You didn't even lift a finger.
MARK: Sammy lost...I don't believe it.
KENJI: Pretty Sammy's down for the count!
KONOHA: Sucks to be her.
	Typhoon and Gaia freeze Sammy in a cross and levitate 
her in the air.
RYO: Sammy...
NEWSGUY: Pretty Sammy has fallen at the hands of the 
Elemental Triplets! Things have never looked so grim! 
C'mon, Sammy, snap out of it!! The whole city needs your 
smile!!

	Gemini tips way over toward evil. Tsunami, in total 
shock, starts to dance.

	The military assembles ground troops outside the 
school gates, ready to rescue Pretty Sammy. Misa takes a 
kid's cowboy hat, enchants it, and throws it over the 
gates. Gunman girl emerges from behind a building, dragging 
a coffin behind her (Good, Bad, and the Ugly showdown music 
plays as she appears). While the soldiers are distracted by 
her beauty and raw intimidation factor, she kicks the 
coffin open, revealing a huge gun collection inside. She 
starts blowing all the soldiers away with Tommy guns, 
pistols, and shotguns. The general calls in a tank, but 
Gunman Girl blows it away with a rocket launcher, then 
proceeds to blow up the trucks and jeeps, grinning evilly.

MISA: Sounds like Gunman Girl is enjoying herself. It's a 
bit boring around here though. Why don't we spice things up 
a bit? Care to witness the multi-talented trio in action, 
Sammy?
SAMMY: I already did just a while ago. Thank you, though.
MISA: Don't be so sure, Sammy! You now know that these 
girls are deadly and powerful adversaries in combat, but 
what you don't know is that they're also karaoke masters!
SAMMY: ...what?
RYO: Come again?
MISA: That's right! They have a larger repertoire of songs 
in their heads than anyone this side of earth! I'm just 
letting you know so you'll have some entertainment while 
you freeze to death!
SAMMY: That's so thoughtful, Misa...
MISA: I think so. Girls, why don't we put on a little show 
for everyone? Let's start with my personally favorite 
group! You know the drill.
	The Triplets line up with microphones in their hands. 
Music starts up from out of nowhere.
TY: Dear Alex and Marilyn
BLAZE: They're Lovey and Thurston howellin'
GAIA: The Grasshopper unit is prowellin'
TY: And Tsunami is back home growellin'!
BLAZE: (stretches tiredly) For all of y'all that be dozin'
GAIA: (flashes legs) On Hornblower's lederhosen
TY: (makes it snow) Like Walt Disney he'll be frozen
BLAZE: And then the Swiss hall of fame he goes in!
GAIA: Cause when he's out in space, carousin'
TY: Pick up my mic and start joustin'
BLAZE: (makes gesture to brooch) My nameplate medallion
GAIA: Says never trust a Hal 9000!
SAMMY: Now I want to freeze to death...
RYO: They aren't that bad, really.
SAMMY: But I don't like rap, I like country!
RYO: I think they know that...
	The next verse commences. Misa joins in.
GAIA: Check the horizontal hold and check the tint
MISA: (points at girls with thumb) Are these three fools 
back at it again?!
TY: Inspector Clouseau and Derek Flint
BLAZE: (does fire effects) Nothin' but sparks ignitin'!
GAIA: Check two one two mic testin'
MISA: (points out) This one goes out to Dechen
TY: (raises hands) Rise, fallen fighters, take your stance 
again
BLAZE: (pinches Typhoon's cheek) Don't think too much about 
the color of skin!
GAIA: Order in vegetarian shark's fin
MISA: (punches girls in the arm) Tryin' to keep my life 
non-violent
TY: Misa, rewind the tape and punch me in
BLAZE: Like Chuck D with the where that you have never 
been!
GAIA: Amen!
RYO: Sammy, can you move?
SAMMY: No, I can't! I can't use my baton, either.
MISA: (leaving the song) I'm a long way from where I've 
been, but I gotta keep movin'. Movin' on...
GAIA: Ooh, my, my, I'm really not feelin' it. Ooh, my, my, 
somethin's really wrong!
TRIPLETS: Ooh, my, my, I'm really not feelin' it. Ooh, my, 
my, somethin's really wrong!
GAIA: The p. a. sound is deafenin'
BLAZE: Bitin' MCs I'm oustenin'
TY: With spinach in your teeth you're grinnin'
GAIA: So on your way out please take a mint.
BLAZE: Got the studio to throw a craze in
TY: The basslines Yauch just lays in
GAIA: This song is the grass you're grazin'
BLAZE: Just add a little flange and phase in.
TY: Don't get mad cause I'm beguilin'
GAIA: I'm off the hook, so don't bother dialin'
BLAZE: They're gonna put me in the b.i.n.
TRIPLETS: And if I die notify my next of kin!
GAIA: It's like that, y'all.
	Gaia slams her mic onto the ground. Misa cheers.
MISA: Wonderful! Wonderful!! Now sing something by 
Pantera!!
SAMMY: Oh, god...

	The military doesn't know what to do until Ginji Kawai 
arrives (in that heroic fashion that he always does) and 
suggests using Dandy power to counter the Triplets' Lovely 
power. Ginji suits up and sneaks over the gates, stopping 
another karaoke performance by the Triplets and charming 
them with his Dandy presence. As they're distracted, Ginji 
tells Sammy she must use the power of love to break the ice 
cross.
SAMMY: But I'm a freshman!! I don't know anything about 
true love!
GINJI: Yes you do, Sammy! Exercise it and you can free your 
self!
SAMMY: But I don't have anyone to exercise it with!
GINJI: Yes you do, Sammy. He's right up there with you.
	Sammy and Ryo-Ohki look at each other uncomfortably. 
They exchange compliments and start to express themselves, 
weakening the barrier and touching the Triplets' hearts.
MISA: What're you doing?? Don't just stand there, gaping!! 
Stop them!!!
TY: (sincerely) We cannot interfere with true love, Misa.
GINJI: Come on, you guys!! Get on with it!! The barrier's 
weakening!!
	Ryo finally gives in and floats in front of Sammy. For 
a short moment, he returns to his real form. He's so 
handsome, Sammy is breathless. Ryo's face phases through 
the barrier and, after Sammy resists for a moment, he 
kisses her. a bright, pink light erupts from the cross as 
it shatters and releases Sammy. Sammy almost has no idea 
what just happened, but she's enraptured. Ryo comes back 
out of the kiss, and it takes a moment for Sammy to open 
her eyes again.
RYO: (changing back) Go get 'em, Sasami.
Misa jumps high in the air, baton raised.
MISA: I've had enough of this. Say goodbye, Sammy!
	Ryo-Ohki moves aside as Sammy raises her baton and 
blocks the attack. Misa hurts her wrist because of the 
block (again) and hops around whimpering.
GAIA: Wow, what a pansy...
BLAZE: Pan-zee.
	Sammy drops down and kicks Misa against a tree. The 
triplets are taken by surprise and prepare to fight. Sammy 
beckons and they attack. Typhoon tries to blast her, but 
drenches Blaze instead, vaporizing her. Sammy works the 
other two over. She opens the wings on her baton and cuts 
Typhoon in half. She glows and dissipates, leaving Gaia on 
her own. She fights wildly, but in the end eats the PCB, 
flying out the school gates and into Misa's float, which 
explodes. Everyone cheers. Misa's holding her wrist as she 
growls.
	Ramia's barely able to control herself.
TSUNAMI: Way to go, Pretty Sammy!
RAMIA: Okay. Okay. Stay calm. Not a big loss. Just direct 
the Lovely power to Misa...
	With a flick of Ramia's wrist, the essence of the 
Triplets' Lovely power flows into Misa's body.
MISA: Ohhh, how...lovely!
RUMIYA: Misa, the Triplets' Lovely power is yours now! You 
can beat her!!
MISA: Not with all these people in the way. I want her to 
fight on my terms.
RUMIYA: Misa, there's no time to waste!
MISA: Relax, Rumiya! I have a backup plan in the city, 
remember? Besides, Gunman Girl will wear her down a bit. 
Hopefully.
	She vanishes amidst the commotion.
MARK: That was awesome, Sammy! Way to go!
MIHOSHI: Thank you, Pretty Sammy!
SAMMY: Nothing to it.
GINJI: Sammy, you've got to go help the general! He's 
trying to hold off another love-love monster outside!
SAMMY: Ohh, my work is never done!
RYO: (as a cabbit again) Let's go, Sammy! There's no time 
to waste!

	Gunman Girl has a large number of dead soldiers at her 
feet. She scans the area with her crosshair eyes and sees 
the superiors hiding, calling for backup. She raises the 
bazooka and prepares to fire.
SAMMY: Hold it right there! (Gunman Girl looks up at Sammy, 
perched on the cross of a church) Magical Girl Pretty Sammy 
is calling you out, pardner! I love high places! (Gunman 
Girl aims at her and fires) WHOA!!
	She jumps down just in time as the roof is blown off. 
Gunman Girl chases her around with a shotgun. She loses 
her, and scans the area. Sammy darts out from behind a 
building and runs for Gunman's ammo cache as shotgun shells 
trail her. She starts flipping to the cache as Gunman Girl 
switches to a Tommy gun. Sammy flips over the coffin o' 
guns and grabs a rifle, using it on Gunman Girl in tribute 
to Bruce Campbell. Gunman Girl dodges and returns fire 
until the Thompson runs dry, and switches to a pair of 
uzis. Sammy finally hits her again and again, and they stop 
fighting to survey damage. Gunman Girl has been hit seven 
times, but is still standing, aggravated.
SAMMY: Ready to throw in the towel, stranger?
GUNMAN: You're pretty good, but you still got a lot to 
learn!
	Twin Berettas come out of her sleeves and she empties 
them at Sammy, while Sammy starts pumping at her again, 
hitting her four times before the Berettas run out. She 
pulls out a pair of Glocks, and empties them as she flips 
over Sammy's head, takes a few more rounds to the chest, 
and sprawls on the ground. Gunman gets up and charges her. 
Sammy works her over with the rifle butt, then takes out 
her baton. She aims it like a rifle. She whistles the Good, 
Bad, and Ugly theme, then blasts Gunman Girl into her 
coffin, which closes on her and explodes. The rest of the 
men come out of hiding.
GENERAL: We owe you, Sammy. She almost got us all! Where'd 
you learn to shoot like that?
SAMMY: I watch a lot of Bruce Campbell movies.
GENERAL: Now that you're done saving the school, if you 
would please direct your attention to the city...
SASAMI: Omigosh!!!
	A huge rose has formed in the middle of the city.
	Naturally, Tsunami is watching with Ramia.
TSUNAMI: A hyper love-love monster!
	Ramia grins.
RYO: Never seen a love-love monster that big before!
SASAMI: Didn't Godzilla kill that thing already?
	The rose sprays pollen into the air. It spreads 
throughout the city.
RYO: I'm sensing unbelievable power from that pollen! Don't 
breathe it in!
	Sasami covers her mouth with her handkerchief. She 
goes into town and sees everyone is attacking each other.
SASAMI: The pollen did this?
RYO: Yes. If it keeps spreading, the whole world will turn 
hateful!
SASAMI: Practically the whole world is already hateful, 
Ryo-Ohki...
RYO: More than usual.
SASAMI: This is terrible!

	Mr. Amano's car is in a traffic jam. A policeman comes 
to the window.
MRAMANO: Where'd this traffic jam come from?
DRIVER: Hello, officer.
OFFICER: You'll have to turn around, sir. A huge rose has 
appeared in the middle of the town. Its pollen has been 
making people really nasty. There are riots everywhere.
	Mr. Amano, horror-stricken, gets out and runs to the 
city.
MRAMANO: Kotoe and Misao are in that town!!!

	Pixie Misa stands atop the rose.
MISA: Keep it up, Rose! Make the people of this city even 
nastier than they were to begin with!
RUMIYA: I think you've really outdone yourself this time...
MISA: Why, thank you, Rumiya!
RUMIYA: That's not what I meant! I meant this time you've 
gone overboard!
MISA: Whose side are you on, anyway?
	Sammy arrives finally.
SAMMY: Hold it right there, Misa!
MISA: Ah, the nuisance finally arrives.
SAMMY: Turn these people back to normal!
MISA: I don't think so. This is our final battle, Sammy! 
I'm not about to give up so easily!
SAMMY: Oh, come on! This is getting old! Think of the 
trouble you're causing me!!
MISA: "Think of the trouble you're causing me!" Ooh, how 
I'd love to just wipe you off the face of the earth!! You 
little goody two shoes, I think I'll do just that! Have at 
you, Sammy!!! We're throwin' down!!!
Misa kicks her around with the rose's tendrils.
TSUNAMI: Come on, Sammy! You're the only one who can save 
everybody!
	Ramia laughs to herself.
	Sammy's being constricted by the vines as Misa laughs. 
Ryo-Ohki jumps at her face, but Rumiya catches him.
MISA: It's about time you resigned yourself.
SAMMY: I will not!! I definitely won't let someone use 
Misao's beloved roses to do something evil!!!
	Something in Misa clicks. She brushes it aside and 
jumps at Sammy, baton raised.
MISA: This is the end, Sammy! Time to die!!!
MRAMANO: Misao!!!!
	Misa stops. Her dad's running through the city, 
calling for her. Sammy's confused, then looks down at Mr. 
Amano.
SAMMY: He's calling for Misao...he must be Misao's dad!
	Misao's mom is also looking for her. She's going to 
meet up with her husband soon.
SAMMY: Oh, no! If the two of them meet now...
	Misa realizes this, too. The tendrils loosen and Sammy 
breaks free. Misa comes back to her evil self and they duke 
it out in a fierce battle.
RYO: You can do it, Sammy! Hurry!
RUMIYA: Come on, finish Sammy off. Then everything can go 
back to normal!
	The fight gets brutal. Misa desperately wants it to 
end so she can be with her parents.
MISA: (almost crying) Hurry up and die!!!!
	She shoots at her, but another call for Misao from Dad 
disintegrates the blast. Misa's teary-eyed. Sammy looks at 
her, then at the Amanos. They've met up with each other.
MISA: (to self) Mama...Papa...
MRAMANO: Kotoe...
KOTOE: Honey...
	Sammy's baton starts glowing. Mr. and Mrs. Amano run 
to each other and embrace. Sammy clearly sees that Misa is 
looking at the Amanos longingly and finally realizes the 
horrible truth.
SAMMY: ...Misao?
	Energy emits from the Amanos and destroys the pollen.
RYO: Hey, the Amanos did it! The pollen's gone! Sammy, 
destroy that flower!!
	Sammy doesn't answer.
RYO: Sammy, hurry!!!
	Sammy uses her PCB and shoots a big hole in the 
flower.
MISA: (thinking as Misao) I want to see my dad. Then Mom 
and Dad and I can...(She envisions being a family again. 
The flower explodes, raining petals everywhere) This is for 
the best...roses can't be used to make people unhappy, 
because...roses are Daddy's favorite flowers.
	Sammy follows her to the ground.

	The Gemini is restored to equilibrium. Ramia loses it.
TSUNAMI: Gemini's balance has been completely restored! Oh, 
that's so wonderful!
JUDGE1: Let it be known throughout Juraihelm that Tsunami 
is now legible to be queen!
TSUNAMI: I knew you could do it. Bravo, Pretty Sammy...
RAMIA: Oh, SHUT UP!!!!!!! "Thank you, Pretty Sammy!" Pretty 
Sammy, Pretty Sammy, Pretty Sammy!!!!!!!!!
	Tsunami and the council members are startled by the 
outburst.
TSUNAMI: Ramia, are you okay? You aren't yourself...
RAMIA: I haven't been myself for a long time, Tsunami, you 
stupid flower girl!!! I'm so tired of that magical girl of 
yours, I'm ready to explode!!!!
JUDGE1: Mistress Ramia, please calm yourself!
RAMIA: Shut up!! Why did you pick her?? A flower girl??? 
You picked this dimwitted child over me!!! I have more 
potential to become ruler of Juraihelm than anyone on the 
planet, and you blind, stupid fools picked her!!! I won't 
stand for it any longer!!!
TSUNAMI: Ramia...you were jealous of me?
	Since Tsunami has failed to grasp the most obvious 
concept of the outburst, Ramia explodes into a rage.
RAMIA: I'VE HAD IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
	Ramia magically pins Tsunami to the wall with the 
seven council members.
RAMIA: And, before you ask any more stupid questions, 
Tsunami: Yes, I pretended to be your friend. Yes, I 
pretended I liked you. No, I can't stand to see your 
smiling face! And, yes, I sent Pixie Misa to the earth to 
keep Sammy from equalizing Gemini so your rule would be 
thrown out with the trash!! Are there any more questions???
	Tsunami starts to say something, but Ramia stops her.
RAMIA: Oh, and, since now I can't have the crown 
inconspicuously, I will now have to take it by force. Do 
you still want to ask why I'm taking you hostage?
	Tsunami is silent. Ramia turns to the screen and 
watches Sammy.

Misao is back to normal, holding her baton. Bird-
Rumiya is watching.
MISAO: ...why do I have this? (realizes why) Oh, my 
god...was I...?
	Sammy arrives.
SAMMY: Oh, no...No! No, it can't be!!
TSUNAMI: That baton!!!
RYO: I don't believe it!!
	Rumiya looks away in shame. Misao drops the baton.
RAMIA: And thus, Sasami Kawai is ultimately shattered.
SAMMY: Misao......you were Pixie Misa? (she turns back to 
Sasami, to Misao's shock) Tell me it isn't true.
MISAO: Sasami?? I've been doing all these terrible things 
to you??
SASAMI: This is just a misunderstanding, right? You aren't 
really Pixie Misa...right? Misao?
	Misao cries out in despair. Then she's enveloped in 
blue light. She vanishes with Rumiya.
SASAMI: Misao!! Ryo-Ohki, what happened to Misao??
RYO: That was a stellar transport beam!
SASAMI: Transport?! To where???
RYO: ...to Juraihelm.
SASAMI: Juraihelm?!?! Why??
RYO: I don't know...maybe whoever sent Misa to cause 
trouble wanted to interfere with the deliberations for 
Tsunami to become queen! (Sasami's depressed) Sasami?
	Sasami's inches away from crying.
SASAMI: Why Misao?
	Ryo-Ohki doesn't answer for a long time.
RYO: Maybe they wanted someone close to you. Someone that 
was always around where you were so conflicts would be 
convenient. Then again, maybe it was just chance.
SASAMI: Is it my fault? Do you think...every time I 
transformed into Sammy, she turned into Misa?
RYO: No, I don't think so. Misa always showed up before 
Sammy did, remember?
SASAMI: We have to get her back!
RYO: From Juraihelm??? Sasami, the only people who can have 
kindred spirits are powerful magic-users like Tsunami! You 
might not stand a chance against the person who did this to 
Misao!!
SASAMI: I don't care! She's my friend!! I'll do whatever it 
takes to get her back!! (grabs him) Tell me how to get 
there, Ryo-Ohki!! If anyone can help her, it's me, right??
RYO: Well...(no changing her mind) alright. Tsunami's 
flying tile can take us there...
SASAMI: Great!
RYO: Oh, but she's the only one who can use it!
SASAMI: Well, can't you call her or something??
RYO: I could try.
	Pulls out magic cel phone and dials about eighty 
digits.

	Ramia has closed the screen to earth. She gloats at 
Tsunami.
RAMIA: My, you all look like a butterfly collection. If 
your powers were as strong as mine, you might be able to 
break free. But, you're too weak.
TSUNAMI: I can't believe you did that to poor Misao, Ramia. 
She's such a sweet girl...
RAMIA: Your sympathy is touching, Tsunami; the fact that 
you cry about every little thing is just plain pathetic. I 
almost want to break down and cry with you, but since 
there's no longer anything you can do to alter my destiny, 
I'm too happy right now. (frowns) Well, not totally happy. 
Misa failed for the last time, and now I have to get the 
crown the hard way.
TSUNAMI: What's the hard way?
	Rumiya appears with Misao. He changes back to normal.
RAMIA: Rumiya, it's about time! You stop for directions??
TSUNAMI: Hello, Rumiya!
RUMIYA: Sis, what're you doing???
RAMIA: It doesn't concern you right now, Rumiya.
	Misao wakes up. She looks around.
MISAO: Where...??? (she recognizes Ramia) You!!
RAMIA: Welcome to my home, Misao Amano. Did you have a 
pleasant trip?
MISAO: You...(holds up baton) you did this to me??
RAMIA: Ooh, memory still hasn't kicked in yet? It will. You 
probably won't like what you remember, but it's in the 
past, so there's no use dwelling on it. I bet your head's 
pounding like a piston, eh?
MISAO: (trying to stand) Y-you...made me hurt everyone? I 
was Pixie Misa?
RAMIA: (nods) I told you how I needed your help, right? I 
needed someone to interfere with the deliberations so 
Tsunami, there, wouldn't become the queen. But, and I hate 
to say this, you failed in every attempt! You soiled my 
kindred spirit's name!
RUMIYA: You soiled it yourself, Ramia!!!
RAMIA: Rumiya, don't snap at me! You screwed up just as 
badly. But, since Miss Amano couldn't help the way she 
acted while she was hypnotized, I won't be able to punish 
her justly. You, on the other hand...
RUMIYA: Alright, alright, but can't it wait 'til later?
RAMIA: It's going to have to. I have some business to 
attend to here first.
RUMIYA: Business? What're you going to do with Tsunami?
RAMIA: Go to your room and wait for me. This won't take 
long.
RUMIYA: You're gonna kill her, aren't you?????
RAMIA: Rumiya...(points) LEAVE!!!!
MISAO: Why???
Ramia looks at her.
RAMIA: What, hon? I can't hear you.
MISAO: Why did you pick me?
	Ramia sneers.
RAMIA: Because you're my counterpart.
MISAO: What?!
	Tsunami's cell phone rings in her pocket. She tries to 
reach it, but can't.
TSUNAMI: Oh, dear...Ramia, would you please answer that for 
me?
	Ramia goes up and takes her phone.
RAMIA: Of all the...(to phone) What??? I'm busy!!
RYO: (jumps) Tsunami??
RAMIA: (feigning sweetness) Oh, I'm sorry, Tsunami's not 
available right now.
TSUNAMI: Um, I'm right here...
RYO: Oh, well, can you tell me when she gets back from 
wherever she...(Ramia hangs up) ...she hung up.
	Ramia closes the phone.
RAMIA: I hate phone solicitors, don't you?
	She destroys the phone.
TSUNAMI: Oh, my...

SASAMI: What happened?
RYO: I can't redial! The connection was lost somehow.
SASAMI: Well, how else can we get there??
RYO: We could get there using the Pretty Coquettish 
Bomber's transport abilities...but you gotta do it just 
right, or we could be blasted to oblivion.
SASAMI: I'm open to all options!
RYO: That's the only option we have left.
SASAMI: Oh. Then let's do it!
	She turns into Pretty Sammy.
SAMMY: Let's go!
RYO: Wait! How will you hit yourself with it? (good 
question) You've got to hold it by the handle to use its 
powers.
SAMMY: Did you guys design everything so that these 
situations would be so impossible?????
MRAMANO: Misao!!!!!!
	Sammy sees the Amanos as they approach them.
KOTOE: You're Pretty Sammy!
SAMMY: You must be Misao's parents.
MRAMANO: Yes, where is she??
SAMMY: She was taken away by Pixie Misa. To another world. 
I'm on my way to go get her.
KOTOE: Oh, it's my fault!! I always left her by herself!! 
What kind of mother am I??
MRAMANO: Honey, stop it!! We've both done a poor job. Don't 
blame yourself for this. I should have been there for 
her...
SAMMY: Ryo-Ohki, can they use the baton to teleport us??
RYO: No, they can't.
SAMMY: But their love stopped the flower's pollen!
RYO: I know that, but only magical beings can use the 
powers of the baton. Even if their love can fuel the baton, 
they can't wield its abilities.
	She does some thinking.
SAMMY: Can you do it?
RYO: Me?!?!?!?! I have to be with you, Sammy!! I'm your 
guardian!!
SAMMY: Ryo-Ohki, I can make it on my own now! I've got to 
do this! You can't always be with me. There are gonna be 
times when we're separated, you know. Please?
RYO: ...okay. I'll do it. I'll transport the baton with 
you, too.
MRAMANO: Sammy, if there's any way we can help you, we'd be 
more than happy to.
SAMMY: I know, but the only way you can help is to be there 
for her when I return with her. That's all she wants. Wait 
at home. I'll bring her to you.
KOTOE: We will.
	Ryo-Ohki powers up the baton.
RYO: Ready, Sammy?
SAMMY: Whenever you're ready, Ryo-Ohki! (to crying Amanos) 
Don't despair...I'll get her back, no matter what it takes.
Sammy and her baton are transported through space.

	Ramia walks around Misao.
RAMIA: I originally picked you as my kindred spirit because 
you knew Sasami Kawai, Tsunami's kindred spirit. I saw how 
much time you spent alone and how I could take that as an 
opportunity to change you to Misa whenever time saw fit. 
But when I started looking into your past life, before I 
visited you, I saw that you and I are the same. Alone, 
rejected, uncared for, thirsty for attention, but not sure 
how to get it...
RUMIYA: Misao's haunted by a childhood with the absence of 
a father, and a neglectful mother. You're just hated 
because you're stuck up and abusive.
	Ramia grabs and twists his arm.
RAMIA: Were you asked to speak, Sparrow-boy?????? (throws 
him) Anyway, I sympathized for you since we seemed so 
alike. You even look like I did when I was a sweet little 
girl. I thought of you as my own daughter. That's why I 
could never get mad at you, Misao. You're my little girl.
MISAO: I'm nothing like you!!!! I hate you!!!!
RAMIA: Aww, honey, don't say such hurtful things! Has there 
ever been a day where thoughts of you didn't cross my mind?
RUMIYA: Thoughts of using her to hurt Sammy...
RAMIA: (Kicks Rumiya) Thoughts of how wonderful it was to 
see you smile? Misao never smiled. But Pixie Misa was such 
a fun-loving little gal! She always had a smile on her 
face! Come to think of it, she talked a lot more than you, 
too. And she does interact a lot more with people than the 
sweet, quiet Misao Amano. (kneels by her) Have you ever 
considered that Pixie Misa is your inner self?
	Misao suddenly considers it.
RUMIYA: Stop it, Sis!
RAMIA: It's true, isn't it? Haven't you always wanted to be 
open and eccentric like she is? Haven't you always imagined 
yourself being fun-loving and happy, like she is? Didn't 
you enjoy being the "wild girl" for a change?
RUMIYA: (running up to her) Stop it, Ramia!!! Misao!!!
	Ramia kicks him without turning.
RAMIA: Did you ever consider that maybe you created her 
before I did?
	Misao mind starts racing. She's confused about her 
identity.
RAMIA: Oh, yes, I think you've known Pixie Misa for a long 
time. I think you met her even before you met me.
	Misao grabs her head.
RUMIYA: Leave her alone!! She's been through enough as it 
is!!!
RAMIA: Rumiya, would you like to join Tsunami when I 
execute her?? Do you realize if I killed you, you would not 
be missed??
TSUNAMI: I'd miss him.
	Ramia grabs her face. Sammy blasts through the roof 
and lands on Ramia. She comes to her senses and stands up.
SAMMY: Misao!! Misao, I'm here to rescue you!
MISAO: S...Sasami...
TSUNAMI: Sammy, you're here! Were you calling me earlier?
SAMMY: Ryo-Ohki was. We got a secretary or something.
RAMIA: That would be me...
RUMIYA: Kind of ironic, isn't it, Sis?
RAMIA: Shut up!
	Ramia stands wobbly and faces Sammy.
SAMMY: Are you the one that did all this?
RAMIA: Well, I'm the only one in this room who can move!!!
	Sammy looks around and sees she's right.
SAMMY: Let Tsunami and Misao go!
RAMIA: Such a brave, strong, stupid little girl! Do you 
know how hard I've been working to get Tsunami's rule 
overturned??? You've caused me a lot of problems, Pretty 
Sammy!!!
SAMMY: Release them!!!
RAMIA: (calms herself, and laughs) I can't let Tsunami go. 
Her death, along with the deaths of the council, will 
ensure my rule as queen in Juraihelm! I can let Misao 
leave, but she's got problems of her own to deal with now.
	Sammy sees her on the ground, glowing weirdlike.
SAMMY: What did you do to her???
RAMIA: I just gave her something to discuss with Misa. 
Nothing compared to what I'm going to do to you!!
SAMMY: The more you hurt her, the less you can hurt me! I 
dare you to do something, Cockroach lady!!
RAMIA: Cockroach lady?!?!?!
SAMMY: Did you ever look in the mirror with that headdress 
of yours?
	Ramia feels her headdress as Rumiya cracks up. Then 
she goes over and hits him in the arm.
RAMIA: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
RUMIYA: My arm's numb...
RAMIA: I'll make your head numb if you make another 
sound!!! (to Misao) Misa, as long as Sammy exists, so does 
Misao! Wipe her out!!!
	Misao starts turning into Misa, but memories of time 
spent with Sasami helps Misao force her to submit and stays 
herself, still hurting and glowing.
TSUNAMI: She overpowered the transformation! That's not 
good!
SAMMY: What's not good????
RAMIA: Damn it!!! Rumiya, gimme the baton!
RUMIYA: Go to hell, Ramia!!
	Ramia starts kicking him.
RUMIYA: Alright alright!!!! Here!!!
	He hands her the baton and she turns into Pixie Misa. 
Sammy's taken by surprise.
SAMMY: She can do that?
RAMIA: I'll wipe your obnoxious smile from my memory, 
Sasami Kawai!!!!!!!!!
	Ramia attacks with Lovely Fire and a razor baton. She 
wails on Sammy.
TSUNAMI: Fight back, Sammy!!!
SAMMY: She's too strong!!! I can't hold her off!!!
	Laughing, Ramia smashes her through the doors to the 
outside porch of the high queen's tower. She resumes 
kicking Sammy around. She throws her baton, which Sammy 
blocks, but she's distracted long enough for Ramia to swoop 
in and thrash her with lightning fast jabs. She catches the 
baton and attacks again. Sammy manages to hit her a couple 
times, but, in the end, is on the ground at Ramia's mercy.
RAMIA: Just like Tsunami; weak and dead!!
	Bird-Rumiya flies at Ramia and claws at her face. 
She's distracted, trying to bat him away.
RAMIA: Rumiya, I'm gonna cook you and stuff you and eat you 
for dinner!!!!
TSUNAMI: Hurry, Sasami!!
	Sammy charges up the PCB. As Ramia bats Rumiya away, 
the PCB fires at her. It misses, but the force of the blast 
flings her off the tower and she falls hundreds of stories 
to the ocean below.
TSUNAMI: Poor Ramia...
Sammy sighs in exhaustion. Tsunami and the council 
members are freed. Rumiya's back in normal form.
TSUNAMI: You did it, Sasami! I'm so proud of you!
SAMMY: Yeah...no problem...
	She goes to Misao and kneels by her.
SAMMY: Misao?
MISAO: ...Sasami...
SAMMY: Are you ready to go home? Your mom and dad are 
waiting for you.
	Misao tries to answer, but she winces, screams and 
passes out as she glows even more and her hair changes from 
black to blond and back again.
SAMMY: What's going on?? What's happening to her???
TSUNAMI: She forcefully undid her transformation, and now 
it's backfiring. The evil magic in her heart is swelling 
up. If that magic isn't removed, she'll be Pixie Misa for 
good.
SAMMY: What do I do, Tsunami?
TSUNAMI: Sammy, magic isn't omnipotent.
SAMMY: I don't wanna hear that!!!
TSUNAMI: But it will react to people's feelings toward each 
other. The only one who can remove the evil magic from 
Misao's heart is you. You care for Misao more than anyone!
SAMMY: ...I can save her?
TSUNAMI: Use your strength and magic, and align your heart 
with Misao's.
	Sammy goes into Misao's heart.
SAMMY: This is inside Misao's heart...(she sees a glowing 
egg in the distance and runs toward it) Hang on, Misao! I'm 
coming!
	She finds a glass egg. Misao's curled up inside, 
frozen. Crying is heard in the air. Sammy runs to Misao, 
but Misa's baton sticks into the ground at her feet.
MISA: (Appearing) Who would've thought you'd come all the 
way in here. Pretty Sammy. No...Sasami Kawai! (she bows 
elegantly) Welcome to the inside of Misao's heart.
SAMMY: Misa, change Misao back to normal and get out of 
here!!
MISA: You don't understand a thing. Misao is Misa, and Misa 
is Misao. The sad feelings in her heart, along with the 
magical powers that were bestowed in her are what brought 
me into the world.
SAMMY: No!
MISA: Ramia said it first, and she was right: Misao Amano 
and Pixie Misa are the same person.
SAMMY: No! Misao!!
MISA: Misao doesn't want to see you.
SAMMY: Why not?
MISA: It's your fault she's this way!
SAMMY: My fault?! How?
MISA: You were always covering for Misao, weren't you? She 
developed a real complex about you over that. "I'm so 
timid. I envy Sasami! She's so open and cheery!"
SAMMY: Misao's not like that at all!
MISA: That's what the other side of me said. That would be 
Misao. Also, when you were covering for Misao, you were 
steeping in a superiority complex! "I'm saving poor, weak 
little Misao."
SAMMY: That's not true!!!
MISA: You really loved saving Misao, didn't you? You were 
proud of yourself for saving her, right?
SAMMY: No, that's not true!! Misao!! 
She runs to Misao, glancing at Misa as she passes her.
MISA: And now you're going to save her again? You're being 
a nuisance!!!
	Sammy stops, blubbering.
SAMMY: I...I just...
MISA: Get out of here now! Leave her be for once in your 
life!!
SAMMY: I...(walks up to egg) Misao, remember the first time 
we met? I found you in the PE locker room, getting ready 
for class, and you had a high fever. You refused to go to 
the nurse's office, remember? I knew that you were really 
struggling, and I admired you! Even though you had a fever 
and were in pain, you smiled at me, remember?
MISA: She doesn't want to talk to you!!!
SAMMY: Shut up!!! (to Misao) Misao, I'm your friend, right? 
We're friends, so can't I want us to be together? Can't I 
want to help you? There are so many things that you've 
given me since we met, Misao! That's why...that's 
why...there are so many things I still want to do with you, 
like playing and staying over, and going on trips, and 
comparing homework! There's lots and lots of things!!! 
(pounding on egg) Please, Misao, answer me!! Answer me!!! 
Misao, please!!!! (stops pounding) Even if you stay as 
Pixie Misa forever...(Misa looks up) ...I'll still love 
you, Misao!
	Something flashes. Misao starts to look up.
MISAO: Sa...Sa-sa-mi...
SAMMY: Misao!!
	Misao can move again. She gets as close to the shell 
as Sammy, putting her hands where Sammy's are.
MISAO: I'm sorry, Sasami! I...I want to be friends!
SAMMY: We are friends.
	The egg's shell cracks. Each time it cracks like 
glass, so does Pixie Misa's body.
MISAO: I want to be with you!
	Another crack.
SAMMY: I'll always be with you, Misao.
	Another crack.
MISAO: I care so much for you!
	Another crack.
SAMMY: I care about you, too, Misao!
	Another crack. Misao and Sammy phase their hands 
through the egg's shell and interlock them.
MISAO: You're the best friend I ever had!
	Their hands start glowing white. Misa's do, too, and 
from the hands she crumbles into nothing. The egg shatters. 
Misao falls into Sammy's arms.
MISAO: Sasami, I'm going to get better! I'm gonna try my 
best!
SAMMY: I know.
MISAO: ...I'm sorry.
SAMMY: Don't apologize.
	The air rumbles. All the darkness around them forms 
into a hydra orb.
MISAO: Sasami, what is it??
SAMMY: It's the true form of the evil magic that was in 
your heart. (the heads attack them) Misao, let's do this 
together!
	At first, Misao's afraid, but then she becomes 
determined and nods. They both take Sammy's baton.
SAMMY&MISAO: Converge, magic powers of justice!
	The hydra is vaporized, and Misao's heart is cleansed 
of darkness. They see the ghost of Pixie Misa smile and 
fade away.
MISAO: Goodbye, Pixie Misa...the other side of me.

	Misao wakes up, healthy again, and smiling.
TSUNAMI: Congratulations, Sasami. You saved her.
MISAO: Thanks, Sasami.
SAMMY: Don't mention it. Let's get you back to your family. 
Tsunami, will you help us get home?
TSUNAMI: I certainly will. My flying tile will take you 
safely. I'll send it out front for you.
SAMMY: Thanks...Your Majesty.
	They walk to the front doors.
TSUNAMI: Sasami? (she turns) You've undone the evil Ramia 
has caused here and on your world. Juraihelm regards you as 
the most heroic kindred spirit to date. Thank you, Sasami 
Kawai.
	Sammy smiles. They go out and wait for the tile.
SAMMY: What're you going to say to your dad when you see 
him?
MISAO: I'm not going to see him. (Sammy's puzzled) He's at 
the airport by now. He was only able to stay til six the 
next morning.
SAMMY: ...you'll see him again someday, though.
MISAO: Maybe I will, but no one can be sure of that.
SAMMY: Maybe I can. (Misao looks at her) Besides, for now, 
you have your mother. She's still waiting for you, I'm 
sure. (the tile arrives) Ready?
	She nods. Before they get on, Rumiya runs up to them.
RUMIYA: Sammy! (they turn) Sasami. Misao. I'm sorry...this 
was all my fault...for listening to my sister and turning 
Misao into Pixie Misa. She wouldn't have been able to do it 
if I hadn't been there.
SAMMY: Don't blame yourself for all this, Rumiya. You've 
already made up for it just by having a conscience about 
it. Besides, Ramia's not gonna bother you anymore.
	Rumiya takes Misao's hands. Misao blushes. Sammy 
suddenly feels she shouldn't be there.
RUMIYA: I brought all this suffering to you. I made you 
miss your dad. I'm gonna try my best to find a way to make 
it up to you.
MISAO: I've met you somewhere before...where?
RUMIYA: (a little ashamed) I was with you every time you 
became Pixie Misa, and I stayed with you until you became 
yourself again.
MISAO: You were that bird, weren't you?
	Rumiya blushes a little.
MISAO: Why didn't you refuse to help your sister? How was 
it your fault?
RUMIYA: I...I cried for you so much that...I wanted an 
excuse to see you...I can't talk about it now. I don't...I 
don't think I'm ready...
	Misao's touched. She smiles and hugs him, to his 
surprise. She kisses him on the cheek.
MISAO: You're welcome to visit earth whenever you like. 
When you feel you're ready to talk about it, come by and 
see me.
RUMIYA: (blushing) Okay.
SAMMY: You were very brave. Thank you for helping me.
RUMIYA: Uh...anytime!
SAMMY: Well, we'd better get going now. Misao's mom is 
waiting, and Ryo-Ohki is probably worried sick about me.
	They get on the tile.
MISAO: I'll be watching my windows, Rumiya.
As it takes off, they wave goodbye to Tsunami and 
Rumiya.
TSUNAMI: Take care, Sasami, Misao. Tell Ryo-Ohki hello for 
me.
SAMMY: Okay! Bye!
MISAO: Bye, Tsunami!
TSUNAMI: Farewell!
RUMIYA: See you soon, Misao! And thank you, Sasami!

	Back in the city, Sasami and Misao land at the place 
where Sammy left Ryo-Ohki. He's there, waiting.
RYO: Sasami! You made it!
SASAMI: Yeah. It's really rough out there!
MISAO: It sure is! Hey, your rabbit talks!!
SASAMI: Better you know now than be shocked by it later. 
Just don't tell anyone, or scientists will dissect him.
RYO: HUH?!?!?!
SASAMI: Oh, don't worry about it, Ryo-Ohki! I'm just 
kidding!
RYO: Sasami, I almost decided I liked you til now!
SASAMI: Oh, don't cry.
RYO: ...seriously, I was worried about you, though.
SASAMI: Thanks, Ryo-Ohki. You're a cool rabbit.
RYO: I'm a cat!!!
	They laugh at him, then Sasami picks him up and kisses 
him on the head.

	Misao walks to her mom's apartment. The door's 
unlocked. She goes in quietly and finds her mom looking 
through family photo albums. She turns, sees Misao, and 
runs to her.
KOTOE: Misao? Misao!!!
MISAO: Mom!
	They hug.
MISAO: Don't cry, mom. I'm okay.
KOTOE: Oh, honey, I was so worried about you! I'm so glad 
you're all right!
MISAO: Mom, it's okay! I'm fine! I'm just happy that you're 
here!
	Kotoe looks at her face.
KOTOE: Honey, I've been terrible. I've been thinking about 
my work instead of my family. I forgot that you're the only 
child I have! I'll never neglect you again as long as I 
live, I promise! I'm so sorry!!
MISAO: Mom, I still love you. And Dad, too. And we'll be a 
family again someday, I know it.
	Kotoe kisses her on the head. As they hug again, Misao 
sees a letter for her on the coffee table. Cut to Mr. Amano 
flying off on his jetliner.
MRAMANO: Dear Misao,
I'm sorry I didn't get to see you. My work 
doesn't lend me much free time as you know, and I have 
to keep my job going. Someday, I'm coming back. I've 
left my family for the last time. The next time you 
see me, plan on seeing me every day from then on.
						I love you!  -Dad

	One afternoon, Sasami gets a ride to Misao's apartment 
from her dad.
GINJI: Here we are, Sasami! Call us when you need a ride 
home.
SASAMI: Okay, Dad!
	She kisses him on the cheek, then runs through the 
front doors.
SASAMI: Good night!
GINJI: What's happened to Sasami? She seems to be growing 
up...no, I must be imagining it.
	Ginji rides off. Sasami rings Misao's doorbell.
MISAO: Come in, Sasami!
	Sasami comes in and finds Pixie Misa sitting in the 
middle of the room, grinning.
MISA: Welcome, Sasami!!!
SASAMI: AAAHH!!! No way!!!
	Misao takes the wig off, laughing.
MISAO: Like it? You won't believe where I got it. That 
Frederick's on the street corner!
SASAMI: Not very therapeutic, Misao!!
RYO: Misao, you scared me half to death!!
SASAMI: Hey, you're happy? You're not upset about missing 
your dad?
MISAO: No, I can live with it. I'll see him again someday. 
When he comes back to stay for good!
SASAMI: I'm glad you've regained your confidence.
	They go inside.
SASAMI: Say, Frederick's didn't have any Pretty Sammy 
clothes, did they?
MISAO: Gawd, no! Why would they make something like that? 
They'd lose business!
SASAMI: (sarcasm) Ha-ha!


	CAST LIST SEQUENCE (parentheses show when name is 
shown)
	Sasami runs up to Misao on the street and says hi 
(Sasami Kawai/Pretty Sammy). Ryo-Ohki jumps on her head and 
makes her laugh (Ryo-Ohki). Misao giggles (Misao 
Amano/Pixie Misa).
	Helen feeds Ginji a piece of cheesecake (Helen Kawai). 
Ginji loves it so much (Ginji Kawai) that he grabs and 
kisses her.
	Tsunami has a cup of tea in Juraihelm (Tsunami). The 
council looks at her, shaking their heads, or look at each 
other and shrug (Juraihelm council).
	(Ramia) has Rumiya in a headlock and is strangling 
him. Rumiya is thrown through a table (Rumiya).
	Konoha holds Mark's arm and paws him (Mark, Konoha). 
(Amy) points and yells, and Konoha elbows her away. Mihoshi 
sits at her desk, reading (Mihoshi). (Kenji) gives her a 
fruit basket.
	(Mr. Amano) plays the piano while (Kotoe Amano) sings.
	Prison lineup of love-love monsters from left to 
right. (Arcade Girl) is playing a Pachinko game in her 
chest and loses. (CD Girl) is jamming on her guitar. 
(Gunman Girl) loads her pistol and raises it to CD Girl's 
head. (Blaze) and (Typhoon) are playing "Arms", taking 
turns hitting each other in the arm. (Gaia) poses sexy for 
the camera as it takes her mug shot.

Pretty Sammy, Tenchi Muyo and all other related characters 
are properties of Pioneer.
"Grasshopper Unit" is a song by Beastie Boys.
I pretty much came up with Arcade Girl and the Triplets, 
but it ain't that big a deal.

I hope all you Pretty Sammy otakus like this little 
adaptation. I also hope the MSTers didn't catch any 
spelling or grammar errors in this project; I'd feel 
ashamed enough as it is!
	I thought this would be a fun idea, so I spent days 
writing it out. I could picture classic Ultraman special 
effects for this in tribute to classic Japanese sci-fi 
effects, couldn't you?
	Email me your comments and such if you like. In fact, 
I'd like to hear from you! Feedback is always good, even if 
you're screaming at me. also, just for fun, tell me who 
you'd cast in this film if you were the director!

	- Mike
