Meachu-chan Mary San
maryramsower@satx.rr.com
Tenchi I
Ryoko gives Tenchi a lesson in combat.
 
The characters of Tenchi Muyo are the property of Pioneer and are not
characters from my own twisted mind.  All of the characters in this
story and their surrounding et cetera were taken from Pioneer and are
not being used for my own monetary gain.  Any similarity in their plot
and mine is a malicious act of my subconscious because my brain
hates me.  Plus, I'm a poor college student who works her butt off at
SeaWorld to pay for her classes, so you really won't get anything out of
me if you sue except your time and effort.  Thank you.
 
For once, it is a peaceful day at the Masaki household.  As usual,
Ryo-oh-ki is "helping" cook lunch along side Sasami, who patiently
allows the cabbit to indulge in a limitless supply of garden-fresh
carrots.
 "Ryo-chan," Sasami good-naturedly scolds Ryo-oh-ki, "Ryo-chan,
save some for the rest of the family!"
 The frustrated warbles of Mihoshi flood the living room as she
desperately attempts to sort the laundry.
 "Tenchi looks good in blue, so I guess this shirt must be his!  Oh! 
Wait!  Does he even have a blue shirt because I've never seen him in
this shirt and I think he'd look good in blue but does he even like blue or
was it green that he looked good in but I'm holding a blue shirt and,
ahhhhhhhhhhhh!  Oh it's too hard! (Sob Sob).  Oh wait!  Silly me,
(Sniffle sniffle) the shirt's mine!"
 An iridescent glow oozes from beneath the storeroom/laboratory of
Washu.
 "The greatest scientific genius of the universe strikes again! With this
psy-emitter, I can successfully locate any one of the residents in this
house by simply picking up on their geo-thermal input-output waves!
Washu you are a genius! HA HA HA HA HA!"
 And our humble hero, naïve to the estrogen war around him, idly
sweeps the fallen leaves from a nearby tree into the waste bin.
 It's hard to believe that my father, grandfather, and I were once the only
inhabitants of this house.  It's nice to have the company, and I have
even come to think of them as family… the thoughts of the young teen
drift to Ryoko and Ayeka, Well, almost family…  don't Ayeka and I
share the same Jurai bloodline…?
 "Hey Tenchi!" A familiar voice rings above his head.  Startled out of his
thoughts, Tenchi lets the broom clatter to the ground as he whips
around to meet the yellow-eyed gaze of Ryoko.  "Tenchi, do you wanna
come play with me? I know of some places where we could be alone,
no one around for miles.  Come on, whaddya say? Let's go have some
fun!"  Ryoko entwines her arm around Tenchi's as he frantically rakes
his mind for advice.  Before an answer can be located, an equally
familiar, regal voice rings across the courtyard. 
 "Just what do you think you're doing with Lord Tenchi?!"  Bellows
Ayeka, marching across the field.  Grabbing hold of his free arm,
Ayeka and Ryoko assume their classic standoff position. 
 "Tenchi and I were just discussing our afternoon plans together,
weren't we Tenchi?"
 "Uhh…"
 "I don't believe it!  Lord Tenchi would never just run off with some space
hussy such as yourself!"
 "Space hussy!"
 "Umm…"
 "Lord Tenchi needs a kind, nurturing, spirit (such as myself) by his
side, to guide him through the passages of time, hand in hand, needing
nothing but the love and devotion of his companion…"
 "Oh put a sock in it!"
 "Uhh…"
 "Don't you ever tell me what to do! You have no rank over me, no
power, nothing! You're a space pirate, the lowest form of life in the
galaxy!  I am of noble blood, as Lord Tenchi, further proof that we
belong together!"
 "What is this, Texas?  Your family tree must be one solid trunk! 
Haven't you ever heard of the dangers of inbreeding?  You want a
classic example, look at yourself!" "Ummm…"
 "How dare you insult my heritage, my culture, my traditions,
everything I stand for as a child of Jurai!  You will pay for your
insolence!"
 "Bring it on princess, I can take you anytime!"
 "Uhhh…"
 Their holds now released form a battle-weary Tenchi; the two females
ready themselves for war.  Wooden logs appear around Ayeka as
Ryoko's hands crackle with her summoned energy.  Poised for attack,
both women engage in their perpetual feud as Tenchi manages to slip
off to the sidelines.  Snatches of their war cries can be heard from
within the Masaki home.
 "Looks like their at it again, Ryo-oh-ki," sighs Sasami, stirring her
soup (now devoid of any carrots).  Ryo-oh-ki meows in agreement.
 "Are they fighting again?"  Mihoshi asks the blue shirt, the only article
of clothing folded amidst the mini mountain of assorted garments.
 "Science is better than love can ever be," Washu hums to herself,
intently putting the finishing touches on the psy-emitter.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
 "T-truce," croaks Ayeka, pulling her disheveled body from the crater.
 "I-I'll s-second that n-notion," Ryoko stammers.
 Will I ever find peace? Wonders Tenchi from his bedroom window. 
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
 "Lunch time!" Sasami cheerfully announces.  And with that
proclamation, the women all abandon their current activities for a more
promising afternoon activity.  Within minutes, all are seated around the
table, chopsticks in hand.
 "Even the greatest scientific genius in the world needs a sustenance
break every now and then."
 "I hope I made enough for everybody."
 "This soup is tricky to eat with chopsticks!"
 "You make a wonderful meal Sasami, you take after your big sister."
 "Where's Tenchi?" 
 A quick glance around the table reveals that the young Jurai prince is
no where to be found.  
 "I'll bet he's up in his room," declares Washu.  "No, no one get up, I'll
bring his lunch to him."
 Hot soup in hand, Washu raps on Tenchi's bedroom door while
simultaneously pushing it open.
 "Tenchi, lunch is read…"
 "Who is it!" A frantic voice yelps as the door is slammed shut in
Washu's face.
 "Tenchi, it's Washu.  I thought you might like to eat your lunch in your
room, so I brought you up some food.  I'm terribly sorry if I've disrupted
your solitude."
 "No, it's okay Washu," a weary Tenchi mumbles as he pulls open the
door.  "I'm sorry that I slammed the door in your face, I thought you
might be Ayeka or Ryoko trying to sneak into my room again.  You
know, I love having all of you in this house, you're all like family to me. 
It's just that all this fighting can get tiresome.  I care about all of you,
and I, I don't know.  Thanks for bringing me lunch, Washu.  Tell Sasami
that it tastes wonderful."
 The door gives a tired click as Washu descends the stairs.  Overhead,
a figure can be seen floating out of eyesight, yet within earshot. 
"Tenchi…"
 After lunch, the girls return to their routine.  Sasami and Ryo-oh-ki
clean the kitchen and begin to straighten up the house, Mihoshi greets
her mountain of laundry with a confused smile, Washu settles down in
her laboratory, and Ayeka shadows her younger sister, absentmindedly
aiding in the cleaning and giving tips on what should be prepared for
supper.  Tenchi busies himself in the garden, weeding and harvesting
carrots.  At least it's peaceful out here, though slightly lonely…  The
hair stirs across the back of his neck.  Someone's out here.  The
corner of his eye catches a sudden movement and in an instant, Tenchi
whirls around to face his advisory, Light Hawk Sword in hand. 
Unfortunately, the only portion of the sword that's battle ready is the
hilt.  
 "Why won't this thing work when I need it to?!"  Cries Tenchi,
desperately struggling with his weapon.
 "Tenchi, it's okay, it's only me," Ryoko declares as she steppes out of
the clearing.  
 "RYOKO, YOU SCARED THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS OUTTA ME!"
 "T-Tenchi, I wanted to apologize for this afternoon.  I'm sorry if I get out
of hand sometimes, and I'd never intentionally hurt you."  An
understanding smile soothes the frustrated look off Tenchi's face. 
Ryoko remains motionless with her hands clasped behind her back,
not daring to look at his face for fear of the emotion he'd see in her
eyes.
 "Ryoko, I…"
 "Hey, just because I show a little of my soft side doesn't mean you
need to get all emotional on me."  With the mischievous glint back into
her eyes, Ryoko grins at the smiling Tenchi.
 "Looks like you're having trouble with that Light Hawk Sword, huh?" 
Ryoko gestures to the lonely hilt in Tenchi's hands.  "I could help you
train.  How about it?"
 "I don't know, Ryoko, I…"
 "Look, Tenchi, let's have a training session, you and me, one on one,
no tricks. Fighting Ayeka is getting kind of old.  I can't keep on picking
on a Jurai princess as my sole source of training, no matter how much
fun it may be!"
 "Alright, let's go……but only to train!"
 Ryoko takes Tenchi's hand and transports them to an open field
surrounded by a forest wall.  "Wow," Tenchi gasps "How did you find
this place?"
 "I come here when I want to be alone, without the danger of anyone
finding me."  For a moment, the two stand amidst the silence, soaking
in the serenity.
  "Alright," says Ryoko, shattering the silence "Let's get to work.  First
thing's first, let's see if you can get that sword to work."  Shocked back
into awareness, Tenchi eases his mind and concentrates on activating
the sword.  Beads of sweat begin to form across his forehead.  His grip
on the hilt tightens.  Finally, his air rushes out with an exasperated
sigh.  "It's no use, I can't seem to concentrate hard enough." 
 "Maybe you're concentrating on the wrong thing," Ryoko states, arms
folded across her chest.  "Oh, I almost forgot, I need to change into my
sparing cloths!"  With that, Ryoko casts aside her outer clothing to
reveal, well, what isn't revealed?  Her skin-tight suit begins at her wrists
and travels up to her shoulders.  From there, the material takes a wide
plunge to the middle of her breasts and is tightly held together by a
small metallic clasp.  As if it can't stand to cover so much flesh, the
fabric parts just under bust and joins to form a short train just over her
buttocks.  Two thin pieces of silk, joined at the hips by silver hooks,
cover her nether regions, just stopping at Ryoko's ankles.  Her back is
bare and in her hands she clutches her energy saber.  Tenchi's eyes
widen as the Light Hawk Sword bursts to life in his palms.
 "Oh, I see you got your sword up!"  Tenchi's cheeks flush crimson as
his grip firms on the metal handle.  "Now, don't go easy on me because
I for one take my training extremely seriously!"
 With you, anything that relates to violence is taken seriously, Tenchi
mutters under his breath.  Aloud, he states, "I don't want to see you
get hurt, Ryoko.  Ryoko!"  His plea given a bit too late, Ryoko has
already begun her attack.  Tenchi maneuvers his sword just in time to
prevent her saber from removing his arm from his body.  "Ryoko!"
 "I told you, I take my training seriously.  Now, give me all you've got,
little man!  Or are all Jurai inhabitants weaklings?"  Knowing that she's
revving herself up for battle, Tenchi allows the insults to rush over his
shoulder as he begins his attack run.  Swinging his sword, Tenchi
blocks the energy balls hurled in his direction and manages to nick a
portion of Ryoko's shoulder.
 "Ryoko, are you okay?!"
 "Good, you're finally putting some spirit into it!"  Ryoko's eyes shine
with the gleam of war as she teleports behind Tenchi, removing a
portion of his pant leg.
 "That's it, you're asking for it now!"  Shouts Tenchi, completely caught
up in the spirit of battle.  The two stand off, each one panting with
exhilaration.  For miles around, the joyous cries of the
adrenaline-charged Ryoko can be heard reverberating off the forest wall.
 "Has anyone seen Lord Tenchi, or Ryoko!"  Ayeka demands as she
frantically overturns the house, searching for the prince.  "I know she's
taken him somewhere away from me!  She's always doing this to poor
Lord Tenchi and I for one have had enough of it.  That girl needs to be
taught a lesson in respect and I intend to give it to her!"
 "Ayeka, why don't you ask Washu if she can help find Tenchi?" 
Sasami interjects.  "I'm sure that she has some sort of device that
would…"
 "Good idea, Sasami!"  Shouts Ayeka, bundling up her sister in a brief
yet fierce embrace.  "Washu will know what to do!"
 "Well," Washu sighs.  She was in the middle of one of her many
scientific discoveries when a hormone-charged Ayeka burst into the lab
and demanded her assistance.  "Well, even though you interrupted the
greatest scientific genius in the universe's work, I've been waiting for an
opportunity to test my psy-emitter, so I'll help you out, on one
condition.  You make a royal effort to not make Tenchi's life more
difficult by engaging in yours and Ryoko's pointless spats.  I know
Ryoko is as much to blame as you, but let's see if you can be the
stronger woman.  You never know, the change in maturity just might
win over Lord Tenchi."
 "W-win over T-Tenchi?"  Ayeka stammers.  "M-my dream come true. 
Alright!  I'll do it!  Just please find him and that little hus- I mean Ryoko
for me."  
Reverse psychology certainly does have its benefits, Washu chuckles
to herself as she reaches for her psy-emitter.  With a few clicks and
beeps, the whereabouts of Tenchi and Ryoko are finally known.  Much
to her dismay, Ayeka discovers that their geothermal whatever's were
both read from the same location.
"I didn't use the transporter mechanism that would enable you to beam
them directly to us because I thought that approach might be a little
too forward, don't you agree?"  Washu asks Ayeka.  "It's a classic
example of being the better woman.  Even now, you're one step closer
to winning over his heart!"  Hastily thanking Washu, Ayeka departs
from the lab, sets the psy-emitter on the table after realizing that she
still possessed the strange device, and frantically rushes to Tenchi. 
"She'll never learn," Washu laughs to herself as she turns back to her
computer.
"Be the stronger woman, win over Tenchi.  Be the stronger woman, win
over Tenchi," Ayeka reminds herself as she nears her destination. 
Quite suddenly, Ryoko appears before her, covered in sweat, soil,
nicks and cuts.  Portions of her clothing are missing and Ayeka
wonders how the woman still remains, "clothed".
"Where is Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka demands, forgetting all thoughts of
maturity.  "What have you two been doing?"
"Well," Ryoko begins with a grin (this is too good to resist!) "Well, I
took Tenchi to my clearing because he looked like he could use some
cheering up.  While we were there, I thought we could, you know,
"train" for a little while.  He only needed a tinny bit of persuasion and a
little nudge in the right direction before he was performing like a pro. 
Once he realized that he wasn't going to hurt me, the man was
unstoppable, even for me.  I think he rather enjoyed himself; he's
definitely better with his sword than he used to be!"  With an offhand
wave of her arm and a conniving gin on her mouth, Ryoko saunters off
and disappears into thin air.  Meanwhile, Ayeka is still frozen to the
earth, mouth gaping in astonishment and trembling with liquid rage.
"That lying, insolent, disgusting, whore!  Lord Tenchi would never, he
couldn't ever, how…TENCHI!!!  WHERE ARE YOU!"
"Ayeka," a voice from behind her questions.  "Ayeka, what are you
doing out here?" 
"Oh, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka smiles as she turns to face her prince. 
"Ryoko said…"  Her smile gives way to an unseemly gape as Ayeka
stares at Tenchi.  He too is covered in sweat and filth, and even
missing portions of his own clothing.  A tired smile plays upon his
slightly charred face.  Ayeka takes a shaky step backwards.  "Just,
just what do you think you were doing?"  Ayeka demands of the
tattered youth.
"Well," Tenchi begins "Ryoko asked me if I wanted to train with her and
I thought it would be a good idea if I sharpened my skills a little.  I was
a little nervous about hurting her at first, but it was pretty obvious that
she wanted to play hard ball.  You wouldn't believe what that woman
can do!  Anyway, I think the whole experience was highly
educatio…what?  Ayeka?  Are you okay?"  The princess's face is now
completely devoid of blood and her shaking fits cannot be controlled. 
"Stop, stop!  I can't, I will not hear any more of this. 
Tenchi…Ryoko…TRAINING!!!  I won't believe it, I won't believe it, I
won't, I won't, I-"
"Ayeka!"  Tenchi shouts as the ranting female suddenly disappears
before his eyes.  "What is going on here?"  As if to answer his
question, Tenchi finds himself standing in the middle of his living room
with all the other bewildered members of the family.
"Oh, so the blue shirt IS yours Tenchi!"  Mihoshi joyfully exclaims as
she sets the shirt into a small pile.  "Now, whose is this?"  She asks a
small device in her hand.  In an instant, Washu appears in the room. 
"Oh, Washu, I didn't know you wore pink!  You know, it really would
look good on you with your red hair in all and I just can't believe no one
told me about this little device that would find the people just by their
cloths and…"
"What are you doing with my psy-emitter!!!"  Washu exclaims as she
snatches the device out of Mihoshi's hand.  "It must have been reading
the residual geothermal input-output readings on our clothing.  The
transport safety has been turned off, so that explains why we all
appeared in the middle of the laundry.
"What's a psy-emitter?"  Asks a bewildered Mihoshi.  "That thing really
helps me with the cloths and I think that it was nice of you to make it
for me Washu, and…"
"I DIDN'T MAKE IT FOR YOUR MENIAL HOUSEHOLD CHORES!  I
MERELY CREATED IT FOR MY OWN PERSONAL AMUSEMENT!"
"Supper is ready!"  A cheerful voice rings out from the kitchen.  "Oh,
good, you're all here!  Come on, before it gets cold."
"Sasami sure knows how to quell the anger of this household," Tenchi
smiles to himself as her heads for the table.  He stands in the doorway
and observes the dinner routine.  Sasami beaming over her steaming
dishes, Ryoko and Ayeka squabbling over food and who knows what
else, Washu devouring her food with lightning speed, Mihoshi looking
confused over which morsel should be eaten first, and Ryo-oh-ki
happily dinning away at her basket of carrots.
Good, he thinks to himself as he takes his seat at the table. 
Everything perfectly and wonderfully normal.      