I don't usually write fics where Ayeka or Ryoko gets Tenchi.  However, in 
order to be admitted into R.O.P.A.A.,(Royal Order of Princess Ayeka 
Advocates,) I have to write an Ayeka gets Tenchi fic.  So here it is.
But by Tsunami she's going to have to earn it.
This is a response to Gensao's challenge for an Ayeka gets Tenchi fic.  You 
don't see many fics where Ayeka is depicted in a positive light.  I've 
decided to rectify that oversight here.
Tenchi Muyo! is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  I just own the writing 
itself.
In order to promote reading in America, I've written the following fic...in 
English.



	My Best Friend's Engagement

	"Well, that's wonderful, Koriya,"  King Azusa of Jurai said with a 
smile.  "I'm sure Ayeka will be thrilled by your visit."
	The face on the viewscreen in front of him was a beautiful one.  
Princess Koriya of Danitan was considered one of the loveliest women alive.  
Her features were cold, but soft.  Her long hair was a soft lavender, worn 
straight, falling just behind her ears.  Her eyes were a light aquamarine and 
seemed to shine with a light of their own.
	She smiled at him.  "I thank you, Respected Azusa.  Have you a message 
for her?"
	He smiled again.  "Of course.  Oh, and one more thing, Koriya," he said 
as if the idea suddenly came to him.  "You'll be able to meet my great 
grandson, Tenchi, while you're there."
	"Great grandson?"  she asked with a disgusted curl of the lip.
	"Yes, apparently, he's something of a warrior."
	She suppressed a laugh.  "No disrespect intended, Respected Azusa, but 
I've yet to meet a male whom I could call a 'warrior.'"
	Azusa fought back the urge to return the insult.  He needed Koriya if 
his plan was going to work.  "Yes, I'm sure.  Just send my daughter my 
regards."  Koriya nodded.  "And be careful around Tenchi," he warned.  "He's 
very dangerous if provoked."
	Koriya smirked.  "Right.  I thank you for your warning Respected Azusa.  
I will give your message to Ayeka."  With that, the screen went blank.  Azusa 
leaned back in his chair and smiled.  Now then, for part two of his plan.
	He activated his communications system and asked the computer to 
connect him with the Galaxy Police officer who was currently stationed on 
Earth.

	Mihoshi had been eating a candy bar when her watch began to beep.  She 
crammed the rest of the chocolate bar into her mouth and chewed as quickly as 
she could as she ran  to the communicator she had plugged into the TV in the 
Masaki home.  She pressed the power button, stood in front of the TV, and 
saluted.
	"Frrs csssh detvvivv Mihoffshe, repourdin az ourderd."  She mumbled 
through a mouthful of caramel and nuget.  She was surprised when she saw the 
King of Jurai's face appear before her.  She stood straighter.  "Yer 
Mashesta!"  She cried.
	Azusa gave her a critical look.  "Detective...er...Mihoshi is it?"
	"Yish Shir!"
	"Er...I'm trying to get in contact with Tenchi.  Is he there?"
	"Yish Shir.  Dur yue wand tu takh vithh Avekah?"
	It took a second for Azusa to make out what she said.  When he finally 
did, he shook his head.  "No, Detective, just Tenchi."
	"Yish Shir!"  She saluted and went to get Tenchi.  Azusa shook his 
head.
	Tenchi appeared a moment later.  He gulped visibly when he saw Azusa.  
"Uh..Your Highness,"
	Azusa smiled.  For some reason, this didn't put Tenchi at ease.  "Ah, 
Tenchi.  Good.  I have a favor to ask of you."
	"Um, okay."
	The King's smile got wider.  "Good.  You see, one of Ayeka's old 
friends is going to Earth to visit her.  She wants it to be a surprise, but 
it's her first visit to Earth, and I'd like you to meet her at her ship, so 
she doesn't get lost."
	"Oh.  Okay."
	"You're sure you don't mind?"
	Tenchi smiled and shook his head.  When Mihoshi had told him Azusa was 
asking to speak with him, he had been worried that he was going to announce 
that he was going to visit again or try to make Ayeka and Sasami leave Earth.
	"Sure, it's no problem.  What's her name?"
	"Koriya.  She'll be traveling alone.  Her ship will land on the other 
side of the shrine from your house.  She should be there in about two hours."
	Tenchi nodded at the instructions.
	"Now, don't tell Ayeka or anyone else.  They've been friends since 
childhood, and Koriya wants her visit to be a surprise."  Tenchi nodded 
again.  "Oh, and one more thing, Tenchi.  Be sure you wear your sword when 
you meet her."  
	Tenchi blinked in puzzlement.  "Why?"
	"As a representative of the Jurai Royal family, you must wear it when 
meeting a foreign dignitary such as Koriya.  She *is* a princess, after all, 
and it would insult her if you didn't wear it."
	"Oh, well, okay."
	"Thank you, Tenchi.  I appreciate it."  Azusa grinned and shut off his 
communicator.  He leaned back in his chair again and laughed.  "I've got you 
now, Tenchi."

	Tenchi walked down a wooded path near his grandfather's shrine and 
waited.  The Tenchi-ken hung from his belt, slapping his leg as he walked.  
He still wasn't quite comfortable wearing it.  
	He heard a dull roar approach him and saw a small spaceship fly over 
his head.  <That must be her,>  he thought and quickened his pace.
	He entered a clearing where he found that the spaceship had already 
landed.  He hoped Ayeka's friend would not be angry that he was late.  He 
took a breath, put on a friendly smile, and approached the ship.  A hatch 
near the nose of the craft opened with a low hum.  A staircase descended from 
the hatch and out stepped a tall girl who looked about eighteen.  Her hair 
was a very light purple.  She carried an overnight bag over her shoulder.  
Tenchi was surprised by this.  Azusa had told him she was a princess, so what 
was a princess doing carrying her own luggage?  Another thing that surprised 
him was the light sword that hung from her belt.  
	She wasn't dressed anything like he expected, either.  He had been 
expecting someone who looked more like Ayeka, wearing robes of state.  Koriya 
wore a short skirt and a light blue cape.  She looked more like a warrior 
than anything else. <*This* is Ayeka's best friend?>
	He approached and bowed, silently wishing he knew more about diplomatic 
protocol.  "Hello," he said, simply.  "Uh, welcome to Earth."
	She gave him a sneer.  Then, she held out her luggage.  "Take this," 
she ordered.  Tenchi smiled politely and took the bag.  <Now, this is more 
like Ayeka,> he thought.
	"You must be Princess Koriya," he said.
	"Correct."
	Tenchi wasn't sure what to make of her seeming stand-offishness.  He 
pressed on.  "My name is Tenchi, Tenchi Masaki.  It's nice to meet you."
	She looked at him quizzically.  "*You* are Tenchi Masaki?"  she asked.
	"Um..That's right."
	"Hmmph."
	Tenchi licked his lips in apprehension.  This wasn't going well.  
"Well, if you'll follow me, I'll take you to the house."
	She didn't answer.  She was looking at his sword.  "What," she asked 
with a contemptful sneer, "Is *that?*"
	He looked down at his belt.  "That?  That's my sword."
	Her eyes narrowed.  "Of all the impudence," she remarked.
	"Excuse me?"
	"*You* think you're a match for *me?*"
	Tenchi blinked in confusion.  "I'm afraid I don't understand."
	"How dare you," she began, fuming, "Wear a sword and proposition me 
like a common harlot?!"
	"Ummmm....."
	"Fine," she said, cutting him off with an arrogant wave of her hand.  
"You want to challenge me?  Very well."  She removed her own sword from her 
belt and came to a fighting stance.  A purple-white blade sprang forth.
	"Uh, Ms. Koriya, have I offended you in some way?"
	"Don't be a tease," she replied.  "You wanted to challenge me from the 
moment you heard I was coming, that's why you met me alone.  So, fight!"  She 
gave a frightening battle cry and lunged at him.  Tenchi just barely managed 
to jump out of the way.
	"Hey!  What's going on here, huh!?"
	"You wanted it so bad," she cried.  "Fight me!"
	She lunged again, her slash nearly taking Tenchi's head off.  He 
dropped the bag and raised the Tenchi-ken.  It appeared that he had no choice 
but to fight or die.  The blue-white blade appeared in his hand.  This time 
when she lunged, he turned her jab aside and countered with one of his own.  
She blocked the blow and swung around with a backhand slash that almost got 
through.  Tenchi went on the defensive.
	<She's so fast!> he thought, <This is almost as bad as fighting Ryoko!>  
Suddenly, she spun around and lashed out with her foot, catching him in the 
chin.  He flew back and slammed into a tree.  The force of the impact threw 
his sword from his hand.  He groaned and opened his eyes to see Koriya 
rushing at him with her sword over her head.  He saw the sword come down...
	Only to be stopped an inch from his face by a transluscent blue shield.  
Koriya cried out in surprise.  Tenchi could only whisper his surprise.
	"The Wings of the Light Hawk," he breathed.
	He recovered from his shock quicker than Koriya could.  He reached out 
to one of the other two wings that had formed and grabbed one.  The wing 
obediently transformed itself into a lightsword.  He stood up.  Koriya rushed 
him again, bringing her sword down in a series of lightning quick stabs.  
Using the Light Hawk sword in one hand, and another wing as a shield in the 
other, he managed to block all the blows.  He reached out with his hand, and 
the third wing flew from his body striking Koriya in the  chest with its flat 
edge, knocking her back to the ground.  Her sword fell from her hand.
	Tenchi pressed this advantage.  He leaped forward and stood above her, 
the tip of his sword an inch from her throat.  Her mouth opened in shock.  
Tenchi was breathing heavily.  "Give up?"  he asked.
	Shocked, Koriya nodded.  Tenchi released the sword, and it turned back 
into one of the near transparent light wings that surrounded his body.  He 
took a step back.  The wings vanished.
	He fought down the anger he felt at being attacked, and decided to try 
to salvage the situation.  "Now, Ms. Koriya," he began, "I don't know what it 
is I've done to offend you, but I apologize.  I know you're Ayeka's friend, 
and I really don't want to get off on the wrong foot here."
	Koriya just stared at him.  "You beat me," she whispered.
	Tenchi blinked.  "Um...yeah."  She got on her knees.  "Ms. Koriya?"  
Tenchi asked.  "Are you okay?"
	"No one's ever beaten me," she whispered.
	He began to worry.  He kneeled down in front of her.  "Ms. Koriya?"
	"No one," she whispered again.  She looked up into his eyes, her own 
now filled with joy.  "OH, THANK YOU!"  She leapt forward and embraced him, 
knocking him to the ground.
	"Gaaagghhh!" was all he could get out.  "Ms. Koriya, I..."  Suddenly, 
she was kissing him.  "Mmm rmmmy mmms dhhha nnenn," he tried continuing, but 
her mouth was clamped firmly over his own.
	"Ten-chi!"  he heard Ayeka calling his name.  
	He managed to break away from Koriya.  "Uh..Ms. Koriya please!"
	She wasn't listening.  "Oh, it's Ayeka!  Ayeka!" she called.
	Ayeka appeared at the edge of the clearing.  "Koriya!?"  she blinked.  
"Is that really you?!"
	Koriya stood up, leaving a thoroughly confused Tenchi still sitting on 
the ground in a daze.  "Ayeka!"  She rushed forward and embraced her 
childhood friend.  The two kissed each other on either cheek.
	"It's been such a long time.  What are you doing here?" Ayeka said.  
She looked past her and saw Tenchi sitting on the ground in a daze.  
"Tenchi?"
	"Well," Koriya began, "I decided it was too long since I saw my best 
friend in the universe, so I decided to come and pay her a visit."  She saw 
that Ayeka wasn't listening and turned to see what she was looking at.  "Oh!" 
she cried and ran to Tenchi.  She glomped onto him possessively.  "And guess 
who got engaged!"

	Ayeka, her head in her hands, ground out a sentence between clenched 
teeth.  "I can't believe you dueled her,"
	Sitting across the table from her, Koriya holding onto his arm as if he 
might get away, Tenchi frowned.  "She was trying to kill me, what was I 
*supposed* to do?!"
	Ayeka just shook her head.  Beside her, Yosho nodded in understanding.  
"Now, Ayeka, remember that Koriya has always been something of a flirt.  
Remember all the times she tried to sucker me into a fight?"
	"At least you had enough common sense not to beat her," Ayeka pointed 
out.
	"Will someone *please* tell me what's going on!"
	Koriya beamed at him.  "It's rather simple, my love.  We're going to be 
married!  I'm so excited!"
	Tenchi went pale.  "...........................*WHAT!?*"
	"Perhaps, I should explain," Yosho said.  "Koriya, here, is a Princess 
from the planet Danitan.  Their society is matriarchal, run solely by women.  
The only Earth equivalent that comes close would be the Chinese Amazons."
	Ayeka nodded in agreement.
	"In Danitan society, the women make up the warrior and leadership 
castes. They have very little use for men except as laborers and military 
troops, 'cannon fodder,' I believe is the term.  As such, they have a 
somewhat low opinion of what they refer to as, 'the inferior gender.'  Still, 
the society must continue on, but the Danitan women will only marry men who 
can beat them in honorable combat.  The theory was, back in ancient times, 
that a man who could best a female warrior would give that female warrior 
powerful children, therefore stregthening the Danitan race."
	Tenchi stared at him open mouthed.  "Are you telling me I just got 
engaged?!"  He buried his head in his hands.  "This is like a bad episode of 
Ranma 1/2."
	Yosho nodded.  "According to Danitan law, you and Koriya are officially 
betrothed."
	Ayeka moaned.  Koriya giggled.  Tenchi fainted.
	Koriya leaned over his unconscious form and sighed.  "Just like a 
typical man," she commented, "Always so emotional.  Oh, my poor baby!"  She 
caressed his face.
	Ayeka growled.  "Koriya, really, could you stop for just a second?"
	Koriya grinned at her.  "You're just jealous."
	"It's all just a misunderstanding!"
	"Misunderstanding?"  Koriya asked.  "It was a misunderstanding that he 
met me at my ship, armed and alone?"  She clasped her hands and sighed, 
caught up in what she perceived as the most romantic thing she had ever 
experienced.  "A misunderstanding that he challenged me and bested me in 
honorable combat?"  She sounded wistful.
	Ayeka sighed.  "I guess I can't blame you," she said.  "It was just 
blind luck that Tenchi happened to be there when your ship landed."
	"Actually, he was expecting me to be there."
	Ayeka blinked.  "Huh?"
	"Well, yeah.  Didn't your father tell you I was coming?"
	"No, I haven't spoken to my father in months."
	Koriya looked at her in surprise.  "But, I contacted him to get 
permission to travel through Jurai territory.  Why wouldn't he tell you I was 
coming?"
	Mihoshi, who had been silent until now, spoke up.  "He probably told 
Tenchi."
	They looked at her.  "What makes you say that, Mihoshi?"  Ayeka asked 
her.
	"Because he called and asked to talk to Tenchi a couple of hours ago."
	It suddenly dawned on the princess exactly what her father had done.  
Ayeka began to fume.  "Is that so?"  she bit out.  "I can't believe him!"  
she screamed at the ceiling.  "HOW DARE HE?!"
	"Uh......what?"  Mihoshi asked.
	Ayeka marched to the living room, grabbing Mihoshi's arm as she passed.  
"He set Tenchi up!"  she growled as she dragged the GP into the next room.  
"I can't believe him!"
	She stopped in front of the TV and turned to Mihoshi.  Yosho and Koriya 
watched from the kitchen.  "Mihoshi, connect this thing so I can speak to my 
mother on Jurai."
	"Well, Ayeka, this is a Galaxy Police transmitter, and can't be used 
for anything but official..."
	"MAKE THE DAMN CALL!!!"
	"Right!  I'll make the call."
	While Mihoshi fiddled with the transmitter, Yosho walked up to the 
enraged princess.  "It would probably be best to resolve this *before* the 
others get back from shopping."
	She nodded.  Washu had taken Ryoko and Sasami shopping today.  "We'd 
better," she replied.  "You *know* what *she'll* say."
	"If she waits long enough to say anything," Yosho agreed.
	Finally, the Tree of Jurai appeared on the screen with the words, 
"Stand By," below the royal symbol.  After a second, Queen Misaki's grinning 
face appeared on the TV.  
	"OH, MY LITTLE AYEKA!  YOU'VE FINALLY CALLED YOUR MOTHER!"
	Ayeka got right to the point.  "How could you let him do something like 
this to me!?"
	Misaki's smile faltered.  "Wha...What do you mean?  Ayeka, what's 
wrong, baby?"
	"Let me spell it out, Mother."  There would be no, "mommy," today, it 
would seem.  "Father sent Koriya here."
	"Well, that's wonderful,"
	"Then he called ahead and asked Tenchi to meet her at her 
ship...alone...*armed!*"
	"Oh, my!"  Misaki said in shock.  "I take it he won or you wouldn't be 
so upset."
	Suddenly, the screen split and Queen Funaho's face appeared next to 
Misaki's.  "Ayeka, I heard everything.  Are you sure this is what happened?"
	"Quite sure," Ayeka said dangerously.  "How could you let this 
happen?!"
	Misaki's expression turned to one of rage.  "Ayeka, hon, stay on the 
line."  She walked off camera.  Funaho shook her head.  
	"Is Koriya there, now?"
	Koriya heard her name and stepped forward.  "Hello, Most Honored 
Funaho.  Did you hear?  I'm engaged!  You will come to the wedding won't 
you?"
	Ayeka turned to her, exasperated.  "Koriya!  Please!"
	Suddenly, they could all hear angry voices on the other end of the 
line.  Funaho looked off camera, and her eyes widened in surprise.  Azusa's 
face appeared on the screen, Misaki's fingers had a good grip on his ear.  
Azusa's face was contorted in pain.
	"All right, Azusa!"  Misaki told him angrily.  "Tell your daughter why 
you saw fit to ruin her life!"
	"What do you mean?  I don't know what you're..ow!"  This came as Misaki 
roughly twisted his ear.  "Okay!  Okay!  So I asked Tenchi to meet Koriya at 
her ship to represent the royal family, so what?"
	"And did you tell him to go armed?"  Ayeka asked him viciously.
	"Well, the Danitans *are* a warrior..."
	"*Father!!*"  Ayeka fought down tears.  "How could you?!  You knew 
Koriya would see his being armed as a proposal challenge!  You knew, and you 
sent him there anyway!  He didn't know about Danitan protocols!  What if she 
had killed him!?"
	"I doubt a boy who can summon Light Hawk Wings could be defeated by a 
Danitan, no matter how skilled she may be."
	Ayeka growled.  "I will *never* forgive you as long as I live."  She 
looked up at him.  "You made this mess, Father, you clean it up!  NOW!"
	Azusa looked cross.  "Don't speak to your father like...OW!"  Misaki 
had twisted his ear in the other direction.  "There's nothing I can do.  
She's a princess of Danitan.  Jurai royal law recognizes Danitan engagement 
practices as part of our treaty.  Because Tenchi is a member of the royal 
family, he's bound by that law too.  There's nothing I can do!"
	Ayeka sighed.  "I can't believe you, Father," she whispered in 
disappointment.  "How could you do something like this to me?"
	"Ayeka, try to understand.  We need to forge a better alliance with the 
Danitan clan mothers, and I couldn't do that without Tenchi."
	"Right," Ayeka growled out, sarcastically.  "I'm sure *I* didn't even 
enter the equation.  You did it *all* for Jurai."  
	Azusa was silent.
	"You tricked my best friend and my..." she couldn't get the words out.  
"You tricked them into getting engaged so that I'd give up and marry Seiryo!"
	Funaho shook her head.  "That was low, Azusa.  I expected better from 
you."
	"I have to think about the kingdom," he told them imperiously.  "To 
that end, as King of Jurai, I am officially..ow!"  He went on as Misaki 
twisted his ear.  "I...argh...am...officially....declaring, Tenchi 
and...ow...Koriya's...engagement...ow..official."
	Ayeka's face went dead white.  Koriya gasped and laughed in joy.  She 
ran into the dining room.
	Yosho stepped forward.  "Father, perhaps you should reconsider.  Tenchi 
is not ready for a marriage, especially with a woman from a culture so 
different from his own."
	"Yosho, when you where the royal crown, you can make such decisions.  
Until then, Jurai will just have to make do with me...OW!"
	Misaki's face, an angry thundercloud, appeared on the screen inches 
from Azusa's.  "I've never heard of anything so cruel!"
	"There's nothing that can be done about it now!"  Azusa said. "It's 
official.  Tenchi and Princess Koriya will be married.  If he didn't want to 
marry her, he shouldn't have proposed."
	"HE DIDN'T KNOW HE WAS PROPOSING!!!"  Misaki screamed into his ear.  
She shook her head.  "Danitan culture is so weird..."
	Funaho sighed.  "All right.  Ayeka, we're on our way there.  We'll 
figure a way out of this.  Just hold on."  She noticed something for the 
first time. "It looks like your house is still standing, so I'm guessing that 
Ryoko doesn't know yet?"
	Ayeka nodded.
	"Well, for the love of Tsunami, don't tell her until we figure 
something out.  The last thing we need is for the entire Danitan civilization 
declaring a blood feud on Ryoko for killing Koriya."
	Ayeka considered that.  The idea of Ryoko being hunted for all eternity 
by Danitan warrior women had a certain appeal.  She shook the thought aside.  
She had a bigger problem than Ryoko right now.  "All right.  Hurry."
	"We will.  Good-bye, Ayeka.  We'll see you soon."  Misaki gave Azusa's 
ear a hard twist, then gave Ayeka a reassuring smile.  The screen went black.
	Ayeka sighed.  "I can't believe this."  Yosho put a reassuring hand on 
her shoulder.  Ayeka's head shot up in realization.  "Oh no!"  she gasped.  
"Tenchi!"
	She rushed to the dining room to find Koriya kneeling over a still 
unconscious Tenchi.  "Oh, my little man," she cooed.  
	Tenchi began to come around.  "What happened?"
	"You fainted," Koriya told him gently.  "I can't blame you, after all, 
I was almost overcome by emotion myself when you defeated me."
	Tenchi looked ready to pass out again, but Yosho picked him up and 
planted him firmly on his feet.  
	"Uh..look, Miss Koriya," he began.  "I'm flattered, I really am, but I 
don't..."  He broke off as Ayeka suddenly grabbed his arm and pulled him into 
the kitchen.
	She looked back at a confused Koriya, smiled, and said, "Just give us a 
sec."
	She pushed Tenchi into the kitchen and shut the door.
	"Miss Ayeka!  What are you doing?  I can't marry her!  I don't even 
*know* her!"
	Ayeka put her hand up to stop his protests.  Her eyes were cast 
downward.  This seemed to hurt her even more than it hurt him.  "I know, 
Tenchi, but we must be extremely careful.  My father has declared your 
engagement to her to be official and supported by Jurai.  If you back out 
now, Koriya's family will be greatly offended, and declare a blood feud on 
your family.  Because you are a member of Jurai's royal house, that means 
*my* family, which translates into a war between Jurai and the Danitan.  
While we have the more advanced ships, the Danitan have superior ground 
forces.  We would win...eventually, but it would take a long time and could 
cost millions of people their lives."  She looked up into his eyes.  Tenchi 
could see tears begin to well up in them.  "I know this is difficult, but my 
parents are on the way to resolve this, and if anyone can figure a diplomatic 
way out of this, it's Aunt Funaho."
	She turned away from him.  "Tenchi, my father has used you in a most 
dishonorable way.  That dishonor carries over to myself."  She turned back to 
him and fell to her knees.  She bowed her head to the ground, placing her 
forehead on top of her hands.  "Please," she asked him, "I beg you.  Forgive 
me.  I understand if you hate me and my family for what my father has done, 
but please accept my apology on behalf of myself and my family."  Tears were 
flowing freely down her cheeks by this point.
	Tenchi was speechless.  "Miss Ayeka, it's all right.  I don't blame you 
for this.  I should've been more careful, that's all.  Please don't blame 
yourself.  No apology's necessary."  He knelt down next to her and took her 
hands into his own.  "Miss Ayeka, please.  It's okay."
	She looked up at him, a glimmer of hope in her eyes.  "I promise, 
Tenchi," she said to him, her voice the most solemn he had ever heard it, "I 
will do whatever it takes to make up for this dishonor."
	He blinked.  "Okay, but shouldn't we worry more about how Ryoko will 
react when she comes home, and Koriya tells her I'm engaged?"
	She wiped a tear away.  "You're right," she told him.  "This isn't the 
time."  She stood up.  "I suppose the only thing we *can* do is not tell her 
about it."
	Tenchi blinked.  "How are we going to do that?  Koriya is telling 
everyone she comes across.  It'll be the first words out of her mouth when 
Ryoko comes through the door."
	"I'll talk to Koriya.  If I ask her to keep the engagement to herself, 
I'm sure she would...for awhile, anyway.  We can't tell Ryoko, you know how 
volatile she is."
	Tenchi hated to admit it, but Ayeka was right.  He could picture what 
Ryoko would do when she heard about Koriya, and it wasn't at all a  pleasant 
picture.
	The words, "Hell unleashed unto the world," popped into his head.
	"Okay, but we should tell Washu.  She'll help us,"  Tenchi said.  He 
knew Washu would do what was in Ryoko's best interest, and right now, keeping 
her from killing Koriya was definitely in her best interest.
	Ayeka nodded.  "Right.  They should be home soon.  The second they get 
here, I'll grab hold of Washu and take her to her lab to talk.  You keep an 
eye on Mihoshi and make sure she doesn't accidentally say anything more 
stupid than usual."  Tenchi nodded.  "Okay, let's go talk to Koriya."
	They walked back into the living room.  Koriya was standing next to 
Mihoshi, who was seated on the couch with a notepad and pen in her hands.  
She scribbled something out and wrote over it.
	Koriya read over her shoulder and asked.  "You're sure it's okay, 
Honored Mihoshi?  I would not want you to get in trouble with your 
superiors."
	Mihoshi waved the idea aside.  "Oh, don't worry.  If a Jurain princess 
can use the communicator to talk with her mother, I'm sure it's okay for a 
Danitan princess to just send a letter."
	"Okay, well, read it back to me, just to be sure."
	Mihoshi cleared her throat.  "Highest Honored Mother," she read, "I 
write with joyous knews.  While on my way to see Most Honored Ayeka, I have 
been challenged and defeated by a handsome Jurain prince.  I was thinking of 
a spring wedding, sometime in the third month when the Chakta trees are in 
bloom..."
	Ayeka and Tenchi face faulted.
	"Koriya?"  Ayeka interrupted.
	"Hmm?  Oh, Ayeka!"  Koriya approached her, then grabbed hold of Tenchi 
and kissed him.  Ayeka fought to control the urge to blast her best friend, 
and just barely succeeded.  She released Tenchi and gave him a short bow.  
"Most Loved Tenchi," she greeted.  She turned back to Ayeka.  "Ayeka, I have 
to ask because I can think of no one else I would prefer over you.  Would you 
be my Escort of Honor at the wedding?"
	Ayeka blinked in surprise.  The Escort of Honor was the equivalent of a 
best man in Earth weddings only with far more solemn responsibilities.  It 
was a very distinguished position.  As far as Ayeka knew, no non-Danitan had 
ever been asked to serve as one.  She was so flattered by the idea, she 
almost forgot why she wanted to talk with her.
	"Koriya, we need to talk to you."
	"Of course, Ayeka."  Ayeka and Tenchi led her aside.
	"Koriya," Ayeka began, trying to decide how to word it.  "Koriya, I 
need to ask you an important favor."
	"Of course, anything."
	Ayeka licked her lips in apprehension.  Her friend wasn't going to like 
this idea.  "I need you to keep your engagement to yourself for the time 
being."
	Koriya blinked in surprise.  "But why?"  She grabbed Tenchi 
possessively.  "Is there something wrong with Most Loved Tenchi?"
	"No, nothing like that.  It's just that there's this woman we live 
with..."
	"Is Tenchi married to her?"  Koriya asked, her voice a mixture of fear 
and threat.
	"No!"  Ayeka replied, a little more harshly than she would've liked.  
"But she *has* had her eye on Tenchi for quite some time, and if she found 
out about your engagement before we could prepare her...well..."
	"She'd go berserk and blow up the house," Tenchi finished matter-of-
factly.
	"And she'd kill you," Ayeka added.
	Koriya released Tenchi and stood before them, her face a mask of 
contempt.  "Let her try!"  she cried out. "Let her attack a princess of 
Danitan!  Let her smash herself before me!  I look forward to it!  I will 
tolerate no rivals for my Most Loved Tenchi's affections!"
	They face faulted.  Tenchi bit his lip and decided to try something he 
had seen Ryoko do.  It had never worked on him, but it might just work on 
Koriya.  He stepped forward and leaned close to the Danitan princess, placing 
his hands on her shoulders.  
	"Oh, please, Koriya?"  he asked in a disgustingly mushy voice.  He 
could almost hear Ryoko in his mind.  The time just after they had met when 
Ryoko had tried to convince him to return the gems to her.  "She's my friend 
and I don't want to hurt her feelings.  She's so quick tempered.  She'll fire 
on you without giving you a teeny weeny chance to explain."  He wrapped an 
arm around her and gave her shoulder a squeeze.  "It won't be for long.  I 
promise."
	Ayeka's eye began to twitch spasmodically.  Koriya smiled and kissed 
him.  "I suppose it wouldn't hurt to keep it quiet for a little while."
	"Thank you, Koriya."
	Ayeka sighed.  "Thank you, Koriya."
	"Of course.  Anything for my groom-to-be and my Escort of Honor.  Now 
then, Most Loved Tenchi.  I need to start wedding preparations.  Where is 
your mother?  I'll have to speak with her."
	Tenchi's expression clouded over with sadness for a second.  "My mother 
died a long time ago, Koriya."
	"Oh, I'm sorry," Koriya told him.  "An aunt, then?  Who acts as the 
clan mother of your family?"
	"Well," Tenchi said, "We really don't have a 'clan mother.'  Grandpa 
pretty much runs the family."
	Koriya held back a sneer.  "A man?"  she asked.  She brightened.  
"Well, don't worry, Most Loved Tenchi.  I'm sure Most Honored Funaho or Most 
Honored Misaki will help.  Now then, back to my letter.  Honored Mihoshi!"  
She darted back to the living room, leaving Ayeka and Tenchi in a confused 
daze.

	"We're home!"  Sasami yelled as she entered the Masaki home, carrying a 
shopping bag.  "Ayeka! Tenchi!  Is anyone home?"
	Washu and Ryoko, also carrying bags, came in a second after her, 
Nobuyuki bringing up the rear.  Ayeka came out of the kitchen and approached 
them.
	"Ohgoodeveryoneishome!  WashuIneedtospeaktoyou-aloneinyourlabrightnow!"  
With that, she grabbed Washu's arm and led the sputtering scientist to the 
dimensional doorway that led to her lab.  The others watched her go.  Sasami 
just shrugged and went to the kitchen.  She had bought some new spices she 
wanted to try with dinner tonight.  As she entered the kitchen, she saw 
Koriya standing there.
	"Koriya!  What are you doing here?"  Sasami said with a smile.
	"Hello, Most Honored Sasami.  I'm here to visit your sister.  How have 
you been?"
	While that conversation happened in the kitchen, Ryoko scanned the 
living room and saw Tenchi trying to sneak out the back door.  She grinned 
and teleported so that she was standing right next to him.
	"Oh, Ten-chi!" she sang.  She reached out and glomped onto him.
	Tenchi's back went rigid.  He began urgently looking from side to side 
for something or someone.  Ryoko didn't notice.  
	"Tenchi," she said seductively, "I bought this beautiful neglige at the 
mall today."  She grinned wickedly.  "Would you like me to model it for you?"
	Tenchi went pale.  "Uh..Ryoko.  This is *really* not a good time."  He 
continued to look around for someone.
	Ryoko blinked.  "Tenchi, are you okay?  You don't look so good."  It 
was then that she heard Sasami talking to someone with a voice she didn't 
recognize.  "Who's that?"  she asked.
	"Oh, that's Koriya.  She's a friend of Ayeka's, here for a visit.  Oh, 
my!  Look at the time!  I've got to go practice with grandfather!  Bye, 
Ryoko!"  With that, he dashed out the backdoor.  Ryoko blinked after him.
	"Hmm.  I wonder what that was about."

	"So you see the problem," Ayeka finished.  
	Washu nodded solemnly.  "If Ryoko finds out..."
	"She'll challenge Koriya," Ayeka finished, "Who will either kill Ryoko 
or be killed.  If it's the latter, Koriya's family will hunt Ryoko  to the 
edge of the universe."
	Washu looked up at Ayeka suspisciously.  "I would've thought you'd 
*want* something like that to happen to my daughter.  That would leave Tenchi 
all to yourself."
	Ayeka sighed.  "I won't deny it.  I care for Tenchi a great deal, and I 
don't want to see him with Ryoko.  But I want to get him fairly.  What my 
father did was wrong, and I don't want to see anyone hurt because of his 
behavior."
	Washu nodded.  "Okay, I'll help....I don't know how, but I'll help."
	Ayeka sighed in relief.  "Thank you, Ms. Washu."  She saw the angered 
expression on Washu's face.  "Little Washu."  The expression softened.
	"How long until your parents get here?"
	Ayeka thought for a moment.  "If they can get through the red tape 
quickly, and if they had the necessary escort ships already in the Jurai 
system," she did the calculations in her head.  "About two days."
	"Two days," Washu mused.  "We have to keep two extremely passionate, 
dangerous, volatile women from killing each other for two days."  She thought 
for a moment.  "If we can keep the truth from Ryoko, we should be okay.  If 
we can't..."  she didn't finish.
	"What if we just came out and told her?"  Ayeka asked, already knowing 
the answer.
	"Then Ryoko will just know all the sooner, and challenge Koriya now.  
It won't help any."  Washu's eyes suddenly went wide in alarm.  "Dear God!" 
she cried turning to Ayeka.  "Where's Mihoshi?!  All she has to do is open 
her mouth and we're dead!"
	Ayeka calmed the scientist down.  "We sent her to keep Yosho company up 
at the shrine.  Tenchi is on his way there to keep an eye on her.  You have 
to keep an eye on Ryoko while I keep Koriya busy."
	"What should we tell Sasami?"
	"Nothing unless absolutely necessary."
	Washu nodded.  "Well," she said with a sigh, "It's been getting a 
little routine around here, anyway."

	Ayeka figured the best thing to do right now was to introduce Koriya 
and Ryoko.  This way, it wouldn't seem to Ryoko that they were trying to hide 
anything.  She left Washu's lab with the intention of finding the two of them 
and getting the arguments, snide comments, and harmless fights out of the 
way.  What she found when she entered the living room astonished her.
	Ryoko, Koriya, and Sasami were sitting at the dining room table 
drinking tea.  Ryoko and Koriya were deep in conversation while Sasami 
listened intently.  What surprised Ayeka even more was the fact that they 
weren't yelling or insulting one another.  They were even.....smiling.
	Koriya looked up and noticed her.  "Oh, Ayeka.  Please join us.  I was 
just getting acquainted with Most Honored Ryoko."
	"Well," Washu commented, just as surprised as Ayeka, "You two seem to 
be getting along all right."
	Ryoko nodded.  "Yeah, I've always gotten along well with Danitans."
	Washu blinked.  "When did you ever know any Danitans?"
	"When I fought in the Porsea Wars."
	Koriya's eyes went wide.  "*You* fought in the Porsea Wars, Most 
Honored Ryoko?" she asked, her voice tinged with both awe and respect.
	The demon nodded.
	"Which side?"  Ayeka asked suspisciously.
	Ryoko frowned.  "*With* the Danitans."
	Washu blinked in puzzlement.  "How did that happen?"
	Ryoko took a sip of tea.  "It was back when I was working with Kagato.  
He fancied himself a 'collector,' of ancient artifacts.  Usually, he would 
just steal what he wanted, but even *he* had enough brains not to take on the 
Danitans.  Still, they had something he wanted, and the war was just getting 
started, so he traded ten years of my life in exchange for something called 
the 'Fertility Egg.'"
	Koriya nodded.  "The Egg of the Goddess of Fertility.  A most holy 
relic.  You must be a warrior of great stature for our clan mothers to agree 
to such an arrangement."
	Ryoko grinned.  "Well, I don't like to brag..."
	"Yes you do," Ayeka told her.
	Ryoko frowned again.
	"Where were you stationed?"  Koriya asked her.
	"Well, Most Honored Koriya..."  Ayeka blinked.  She had never heard 
Ryoko use a title as anything but a sarcastic insult.  "I was stationed a lot 
of different places.  Let's see.  There was Nec'ta, Doogado, Banipal..."
	"Banipal?  My mother was stationed there."
	"Really?  What unit?"
	"The Fifty-fourth.  Light infantry."
	Ryoko beamed.  "I knew some women in the Fifty-fourth."
	Ayeka listened in disbelief as the two women went back and forth.  She 
wasn't expecting this at all.  The conversation broke off when Nobuyuki came 
in from the kitchen.
	"Hey, where's Tenchi?  He's neglecting our guest."
	Koriya turned her nose up at him.  "And you are..."
	"Oh, I'm Nobuyuki.  Tenchi's father."
	"Hmm," Koriya commented. 
	Ryoko answered his question.  "He said he had to go practice with 
Yosho."
	Koriya turned to her.  "Practice?  You mean Mos..er...Respected Tenchi 
is honing his combat skills?"
	"Yeah, he practices every day."
	Koriya beamed.  "Then I..I mean...we should go and watch.  Don't you 
agree Most Honored Ryoko?"
	Ryoko smiled.  "Well, that's not a bad idea."  She laughed.  "As long 
as you're not planning on challenging him."
	Ayeka gasped.
	Koriya laughed.  "No, of course not.  Why would I do something like 
that?"  She threw Ayeka a conspiratorial wink.  Ayeka nearly collapsed from 
the stress.

	The group arrived at the shrine to see Tenchi and Yosho fencing with 
wooden boken.  Mihoshi sat on the grass to one side and watched them.  Ryoko 
made to go sit by Mihoshi, but Ayeka intervened, telling her they could get a 
better view of the practice on the other side of the two men.  She shrugged 
and followed Ayeka.
	They watched as the two men fought, unaware of their new spectators.  
Koriya watched for a few minutes, then turned to Ayeka.  "Ayeka, why are they 
fighting with sticks?"
	"Those are boken.  It's what Earthers use to practice their fighting 
skills."
	Koriya blinked.  "You mean they don't use naked blades?"
	"Oh, no.  If there was an accident..."
	"Then there would be one less incompetent warrior in the family," 
Koriya finished.
	"Er...yes,"  Ayeka replied.  She had learned long ago that there were 
some things that Koriya would simply not understand about other cultures.
	Ryoko had listened to the exchange with interest.  "Hey, I just noticed 
something.  Most Honored Koriya, why don't you address Ayeka with a title?"
	The two princesses shared a look and laughed.  "Ayeka told me to stop 
when we were twelve,"  Koriya told her, smiling.  "It just became too 
cumbersome for me to refer to her as 'Most Honored,' and for her to refer to 
me as, 'Honored Princess,' so we just dropped the whole thing."
	"How is it you two became friends, anyway?"  Ryoko asked.  "A Jurain 
princess and a Danitan warrior?"
	"Well," Ayeka explained, "When we were little, Koriya's mother was 
named the Danitan ambassador to Jurai.  Koriya grew up with me in the palace.  
Most of the other dignitaries' children were afraid to be around either one 
of us, so we became friends."
	Ryoko nodded.
	Koriya was intent on Tenchi.  "Check your stance!" she yelled.
	Tenchi was taken by surprise.  "Huh?!"  Yosho moved in and bashed him 
on the head with his boken.
	Koriya winced in sympathy.  Ayeka folded her arms over her chest.  
"That's why they use wooden swords,"
	"Yes, I see," she said in understanding.  "Their warrior caste is 
different than ours.  Less attentive."
	Yosho stood straighter as Tenchi rubbed his head.  "Hello girls," he 
called out.  
	"Most Respected Yosho," Koriya nodded in greeting.
	Yosho smiled  "You seem to be an expert swordswoman, Koriya," he said, 
"Why don't you come out and spar with Tenchi."  Everyone's head shot around 
in shock.  "He might learn something."
	Ryoko growled.  "Yeah, like when *not* to fight!"
	"Brother!  Really!  This isn't something to joke about!"  Ayeka 
admonished him.
	"I was just kidding girls,"  Yosho told them.
	"Yeah," Mihoshi piped up, "After all, we already know that Tenchi would 
win."
	Ryoko looked at Mihoshi.  Her eyes narrowed.  "What do you mean by 
*that,* Mihoshi?"
	"Well, I.."
	"She just means that anyone who can defeat Kagato would be hard to 
beat!"  Ayeka stepped in.  "Isn't that what you meant, Mihoshi?"
	Mihoshi nodded enthusiastically.  Tenchi heaved a sigh of relief.

	Tenchi had to practically drag himself to his room after dinner.  
Keeping Ryoko from finding out about Koriya was a nerve-racking experience.  
He couldn't count the number of times Mihoshi almost revealed what was 
happening.  Luckily, Tenchi and Ayeka had managed to keep things under 
control  Koriya had disappeared after dinner, and Ayeka had volunteered to 
keep an eye on Mihoshi.  She insisted that Tenchi go ahead and get some 
sleep.  Tenchi hadn't argued.
	Ayeka was still feeling very guilty about the whole situation.  Tenchi 
had tried to tell her that he didn't blame her, but she didn't seem to 
believe it.  She was intent on redeeming herself and her family in Tenchi's 
eyes.  He silently shook his head.  This was a side of Ayeka he had never 
seen before.  It worried him.  He hoped she would get some sleep.
	It was late.  He was tired.  It had been a very long day.  He quickly 
shed his clothes and put on a T-shirt and shorts.  He yawned and collapsed on 
his bed.  He crawled under the covers and closed his eyes.  
	They shot open a second later.  He wasn't alone.  Someone was moving 
around in the bed next to him.  He felt two pert breasts poke into his back.  
He began to sweat.  A slender, feminine hand snaked around from behind him.  
Well manicured fingers ran up and down his chest.
	"Oh, Tenchi,"  
	He screamed.

	Ryoko had been having a last drink downstairs when she heard it.  
	Tenchi was screaming.
	"Tenchi!"  She threw the bottle of sake aside and vanished.  She saw 
the kitchen fade out before her.  When the world reappeared, she was in 
Tenchi's bedroom.  "Tenchi?!"  
	He was standing next to his bed.  He grabbed hold of his right foot and 
began to jump up and down on his left.  Ryoko blinked at this dance.  "Are 
you okay?"
	He laughed in embarassment.  "Oh, Ryoko!  Sorry to worry you!  
I...uh...stubbed my toe.  Sorry."
	Ryoko sighed in relief.  "Tenchi, you scared me."
	"Er..yeah.  Sorry.  Really, I am."
	"I wish you'd let me stay in here when you sleep.  I'd feel better 
knowing you were safe."
	"NO!"  he said, more loudly than he knew he should've.  "No," he said 
more softly.  "Thanks Ryoko, but I'll be fine.  I just stubbed my toe, you 
know?  Heh, heh."
	"Well, okay.  Good night, Tenchi."
	"Good night Ryoko.  Thanks again."
	She turned and walked through the wall.  Tenchi sighed in relief, let 
go of his foot, and sat down on the bed.  Koriya, lying on the bed, concealed 
beneath the blanket, threw the covers off and sat up next to him.  
	"Hmm," she remarked.  "How rude, barging in like that."  She leaned 
forward to kiss Tenchi.
	He screamed again.

	Ayeka sat at a table in Washu's lab, her head once again in her hands.  
Washu was typing away at her computer.  Koriya was standing next to her, 
nonchalantly eating an apple.  Tenchi was out of the house, taking Mihoshi 
with him.  Sasami and Ryoko were in the living room watching TV.
	"Kind of jumping the gun, weren't we?"  Washu asked Koriya as she 
typed.  "After all, you just met him."
	Koriya shrugged.  "Why wait?  We *are* engaged, after all."
	"Still, what's the hurry?"
	Koriya turned to her.  "You don't understand, Most Honored Professor 
Washu,"
	"*Little* Washu,"  Washu corrected her.
	Koriya blinked.  "As you wish.  Most Honored Little Washu, you must 
understand that after a Danitan woman is defeated, her mind and body undergo 
certain psychological and physiological changes."
	"Changes?"  Washu asked quizzically.
	From her seat across the table, Ayeka spoke up.  "It quadruples their 
sex drive," she announced deadpan.
	Washu's eyes went wide.  Koriya grinned.  "Sometimes more," she 
boasted.
	Washu whistled in respectful awe.
	Ayeka stood up and faced Koriya.  "Koriya, I must insist that you 
refrain from making such advances with Tenchi."
	Koriya blinked.  Her face turned harsh.  "Now see here," she began.  
"Tenchi is *my* fiance, therefore *I* make the decisions for him."  She stood 
eye to eye with Ayeka now.  "And I think it's perfectly reasonable for an 
engaged couple to make love."
	"Koriya!  Tenchi isn't a Danitan male!  Earth men don't move half as 
fast!"  She shook her head.  "Believe me, I know!"
	"Ayeka," Koriya started dangerously, "We've been friends for a long 
time, and I've agreed to keep my engagement a secret from Most Honored Ryoko, 
but in private I will not pretend that Most Loved Tenchi is not my fiance!"  
She frowned down at the Jurain princess.  "If I didn't know better, Ayeka, I 
would say that you had your eye on Most Loved Tenchi yourself."
	"And what if I did, Koriya?"  Ayeka asked her, her tone low and 
threatening.  "I've known him for more than a year.  You hadn't even laid 
eyes on him this time yesterday.  What if I *did* have my eye on him?"  She 
saw Koriya blink in astonishment that she would say such a thing.  Ayeka 
pressed her attack.  "You didn't even *consider* the idea that maybe Tenchi 
was spoken for!  You didn't even consider the idea that maybe *he* is the 
reason why I stay in this primitive backwater!"
	Koriya took another step forward.  The two princesses were less than an 
inch apart.  "Because you *are* my friend, Ayeka, I'm going to give you fair 
warning.  Stay away from Most Loved Tenchi.  Otherwise, I will be forced to 
treat you as any other rival."
	Ayeka growled.  Washu stepped between them, separating them.  "All 
right girls!  That's enough!"  She interposed herself between them, trying 
not to think of the fact that being in the middle of a crossfire would not be 
a good idea if the two women decided to go at it in earnest.  "Ayeka, your 
parents will arrive here either today or tomorrow.  I trust that both of you 
will agree to whatever they decide?"
	Ayeka nodded.  Washu turned to see Koriya pause, but eventually, she 
nodded curtly.  "Good.  Now, you two are supposed to be friends.  Are you 
going to let a man get in the way of that friendship?"
	"For Tenchi?  Of course!"  Ayeka said firmly.
	"Damn straight!"  Koriya added.
	Washu heaved an exasperated sigh.  She hoped Ayeka's parents got here 
soon.

	Mihoshi pulled another carrot out of the ground and tossed it into the 
basket.  She stood and wiped the sweat from her brow.  She turned to see 
Tenchi pulling carrots not too far away and walked over to him,  smiling.
	"So, Tenchi, are you going to invite me to the wedding?"
	Tenchi's back stiffened.  "For the last time, Mihoshi, I..." he sighed 
in defeat.  "Yeah, sure, why not?"
	"That's great!  Oh!  I should get you and Koriya a gift!"
	She made to run back to the house.  "Mihoshi!"  He searched desperately 
for something to say.  If Mihoshi went running into the house and someone 
asked her where she was going and why...
	"Um...we should really finish this first.  Don't you think?"
	Mihoshi blinked and gave him a brisk salute.  "Sure!  No problem!"  She 
merrily hummed a tune as she resumed pulling carrots.
	Tenchi sighed in relief and threw another carrot into the bin.  Turning 
back to work, he didn't notice Ryo-Ohki toss the remains of an eaten carrot 
out of the wicker basket.

	Ayeka opened the door to her room and stepped inside with a sigh.  
Things were *not* going well.  She leaned against the door and closed her 
eyes, desperately wracking her brain for a way out of this mess.  There had 
to be *some* way to break the engagement without inciting a war.
	She opened her eyes to find two yellow, feline eyes staring back into 
them.  Startled, she gasped.  Ryoko's left hand shot out and grasped Ayeka's 
throat, shoving her back into the door.  The right hand formed a light sword.  
The space pirate brought the tip of the red blade within an inch of the 
princess' right eye.
	Ayeka was so shocked, she couldn't summon enough concentration  to form 
a force field for a counter attack.
	"Ryoko!"
	"Shut up!"  the demon hissed harshly.  "Just shut up, Ayeka!  *I'm* 
asking the questions here!"  Her eyes narrowed.  "Now, you're going to tell 
me how you managed to trick Tenchi into dueling Koriya.  Then, you're going 
to tell me why I shouldn't cut you into pieces."
	Ayeka's mouth opened and closed in shock.  "How...how did you..."
	"I looked into Ryo-Ohki's memory," she hissed.  "Tenchi should be more 
careful about what he says while he pulls carrots.  Now, talk," the light 
sword dropped a few inches until it was at her throat.  "Or I'll cut you a 
new smile."
	Ayeka realized she was trapped.  Her shoulders slumped, and she sighed.  
"Ryoko, listen, by the time I found out Koriya was even on Earth, she'd 
already met Tenchi and picked a fight with him.  I was too late."  She hung 
her head in dejection.  "Tenchi had already used the Light Hawk Wings to beat 
her."
	Ryoko's sword didn't waver as Ayeka continued.  "Do you really think I 
would trick Tenchi into getting engaged to another woman?  My father 
*arranged* it.  He knew Koriya would pick a fight with Tenchi, and he sent 
him to meet her ship.  I didn't know she was coming.  Mother and Aunt Funaho 
are on their way.  They're going to try to find a diplomatic way to anull the 
engagement."
	"So, why did you hide it from me?"
	Ayeka sighed again.  "Because Tenchi and I both knew you'd challenge 
Koriya.  If you lost, you'd die, and Tenchi didn't want that.  If you won, 
Koriya's family would declare a blood feud and hunt you like an animal until 
the day you died.  Either way, you'd lose."
	Ryoko was motionless for a second.  Then, the sword lowered and 
disappeared.  Ryoko let the princess go.  She stared at Ayeka for a hard 
second.  Then, 
	"Okay, we're going to solve this problem rationally,"  Ryoko told her, 
trying to contain the absolute rage she felt.  "I'm going to go downstairs 
and find Koriya," she said, "And then, I'm going to murder her."
	"Ryoko!  No!"  Ayeka reached out and grabbed the demon by the 
shoulders.  "Listen to me.  The reason Tenchi agreed not to tell you was 
because he didn't want you to get hurt, and if Koriya's family did declare a 
feud on you, they would never stop, they would never give up,"  she paused,  
"Not until you were dead.  Please Ryoko, *Please!*  Let my parents handle 
it."  Ryoko didn't look convinced.  Ayeka tried a different strategy.  
"Ryoko, Tenchi..." she struggled, "Cares for you.  And so do I...after a 
fashion.  It would...trouble me...to see you killed."
	Ryoko blinked.  She brought up another point. "Your parents are the 
ones who tricked Tenchi in the first place.  What makes you think they'll 
really help anull the engagement?"
	"My father set it up," Ayeka corrected.  "When Mother heard about it, 
she went crazy.  They'll be here either today or tomorrow."
	Ryoko took a step back.  "Okay," she relented, "What do we do until 
then?"
	Ayeka took a relieved breath.  "We wait.  Washu is researching Danitan 
law.  Aside from that, there's nothing we can do."  A thought occurred to 
Ayeka as she remembered something Koriya had said earlier when Ayeka and 
Tenchi told her Ryoko would kill her.
	<Let her smash herself before me!  I look forward to it!>
	Ayeka bit her lip.  "You can't tell Koriya you know."
	Ryoko looked at her as if she were mad.  "Look, Ayeka, you might be 
afraid of this bitch, but you've got another thing coming if you think..."
	"It's for your own good.  Koriya will see you as a rival if she found 
out you knew.  *She* might challenge *you.*"  Ryoko blinked as she thought on 
this.  "You can't tell her."
	Ryoko swore.  "Fine, I'll stay quiet, but only because Tenchi wants me 
to."  She took a step towards the princess.  "If your plan doesn't work, 
Ayeka, I'll..."
	"Ryoko, if Tenchi is forced to marry Koriya, *you* won't have to do 
anything.  I will not allow this dishonor to be complete.  If that means *I* 
have to challenge Koriya...I will."
	Ryoko regarded her, this time with genuine respect.  "All right, Ayeka.  
I'll hold you to that."
	Ayeka nodded.  Ryoko wouldn't have to hold her to it.  She meant what 
she said.
	Every bit of it.

	Ayeka's parents arrived later that day.  Misaki greeted everyone in her 
usual way, by crushing the life out of them.  Funaho was more subdued with 
her greetings.  Azusa said nothing, and the two Queens seemed to be snubbing 
him.  They decided to get right down to business.
	Sitting around the dining room table, everyone, including Sasami, who 
had finally been let in on the situation, listened as Funaho broke the bad 
news.
	"I'm sorry, Ayeka," she told the young princess.  "But under our treaty 
with Danitan, there's nothing we can do now that the engagement has been 
proclaimed official.  I tried talking with Koriya's mother, the clan mother 
for her family, and I even took a crack at their chief priestess.  They all 
said the same thing.  That breaking Danitan tradition was unacceptable.  They 
all seemed rather insulted by the idea.  They seemed to think that we thought 
Koriya unworthy of Tenchi, and you know how quick the Danitan are to take 
offense."
	Ayeka sighed.  "Then there's nothing we can do?"
	"I'm afraid not."
	Misaki seemed on the verge of tears, but held them back as she turned 
to Azusa.  "It's going to be a *long* time before I forgive you for this 
one," she told him point blank.
	"Actually, Your Highness, there is something Ayeka can do."  They all 
looked to the end of the table where Washu was sipping a cup of tea.  "I've 
reviewed Danitan law and have found that as Koriya's Escort of Honor, Ayeka 
can invoke a..."
	"NO!"  Misaki shot to her feet.  "Don't say another word, or I swear by 
all that is holy that I'll have you executed on the spot!"
	They all looked up in shock at the Queen's reaction.  Ayeka stared her 
down.  "I will not allow this dishonor to continue," she told her mother flat 
out.  Koriya's face pinched at the insult.  "Washu, tell me."
	Washu hesitated a second before going on.  "You can invoke a Danitan 
Ze'tan."
	Koriya's eyes went wide.  "Surely you're joking?" she asked.  "The 
Danitan Ze'tan is a very extreme measure designed to defend the honor of our 
entire civilization."
	"What is it?"  Ayeka asked.  She had never heard of it.
	To her surprise, it was Ryoko who answered her.  "It's an honor 
challenge," she said, "As her Escort of Honor, it is your duty to protect 
*her* honor.  If you believe that Tenchi is unworthy, or that the marriage is 
mismatched, you can challenge Koriya.  If you win, the engagement is 
anulled."
	Ayeka turned on her parents.  "And you weren't going to tell me this!?  
Why?!"
	Misaki began to cry.  Funaho answered her question.  "Because at the 
end of a typical Danitan Ze'tan, one woman or the other is dead."
	"What about you, Ryoko?"  Ayeka asked.  "Why didn't you just tell me 
this from the beginning?"
	Ryoko turned to her angrily, "Because no one thought to tell me you 
were her Escort of Honor," she bit out.  "I was out of the loop, remember?"
	Ayeka was silent.  Koriya saw what she was thinking.  "Don't Ayeka," 
she told her flat out.  "You wouldn't stand a chance.  Force fields and other 
powers are forbidden.  You'd be dead in seconds."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  "You'd kill your best friend?" he asked in 
shock.
	"Yes," Koriya told him plainly.  "She was warned."
	Ayeka thought for a moment, then stood up.  "As Koriya's Escort of 
Honor, I am hereby invoking the Danitan Ze'tan."  Misaki burst into tears.  
	Azusa bolted upright from his chair.  "You can't!  I won't allow it!"
	"It is no longer your decision, Father.  Our treaty acknowledges 
Danitan marriage practices.  You told me that yourself, remember?"
	"*I* won't allow it."  She turned to Tenchi in shock.  "I'm not going 
to let you throw your life away, Ayeka."  He took a breath.  "I'll marry 
Koriya."  Koriya beamed at him.
	Ayeka smiled at him.  "Oh, Tenchi," she said.  "I'm so touched by your 
concern for me."  She reached out and took his hand.  "You have no idea what 
that means to me."
	He smiled at her.
	"It's just a lucky thing that your opinion has no basis on this 
whatsoever," she told him.  He face faulted. 
	"What!?"  
	"It's true," she told him.  "Men have no say in Danitan affairs, so 
your opinion means nothing here."
	"Now wait just a minute."
	"She is quite correct Most Loved Tenchi," Koriya told him.  "Besides, 
you shouldn't worry yourself over something like this.  This is a thing for 
women to worry about."
	"I can't just let you two fight to the death over something as stupid 
as this!"  he shouted.  "I'll be the first to admit that I don't know the 
first thing about Danitan law, but I do know that we *aren't* on Danitan!  
Your rules don't apply here!"
	Koriya went pale.  "Most Loved Tenchi...are you saying that you are 
refusing to marry me?"
	Tenchi opened his mouth to say "yes," but before he could get the word 
out, Ryoko had grabbed him and dematerialized with him, the two of them 
reappearing on the roof of the house.  Tenchi turned to her in shock.  
"Ryoko!"
	He stopped as he saw the tears in her eyes.  "Tenchi," she took a 
breath before going on.  "I want you to promise that you won't refuse to 
marry Koriya."
	"WHAT!?"  This was the last thing he expected to hear from Ryoko.
	"Tenchi, if Ayeka or I challenge her, the only ones to suffer would be 
us.  If you refuse to marry her, that's grounds for a blood feud.  Her family 
would kill you, Nobuyuki, Yosho, Sasami, Ayeka, Misaki, Funaho, and as many 
other relatives as you have."  She stopped to take a grief-stricken breath.  
"Even little Taro would be butchered in the name of preserving Danitan honor.  
I could live knowing you were married to Koriya, I couldn't knowing you were 
dead."  She took a step towards him.  "You are everything to me," she told 
him.  "And I know you're everything to Ayeka.  Please, Tenchi.  *Please!*  
Let us handle this."
	Tenchi stood there in shock for a full minute before nodding slowly.
	"Promise me," Ryoko said.
	"I promise."
	
	When the two of them rematerialized in the dining room, they were met 
with worried stares.  Koriya glomped onto Tenchi, and, for his own good, 
Ryoko didn't say a word.
	"Washu has explained the rules of the Danitan Ze'tan to me," Ayeka told 
them.  "And I am going through with it."  She addressed Ryoko.  "Ryoko, both 
Koriya and I agree that you would be the ideal choice to oversee the 
contest."
	"Me?"
	Ayeka and Koriya both nodded.
	Ryoko looked down at her feet, but nodded in the affirmative.
	"Very well," Koriya told them.  "Most Honored Little Washu tells me she 
needs two hours to prepare.  We will meet out front at that time."  Without 
another word, she stood up and left.  Washu and Ryoko left together to create 
a proper arena.  Those who remained didn't say a word.  Misaki and Funaho 
shot Azusa nasty looks, and for the first time, the King looked guilty for 
what he had done.  
	Tenchi took Ayeka aside.  "Ayeka, please, don't do this."
	Ayeka looked directly into his eyes.  "Tenchi, I told you I would do 
whatever it takes to erase the stain of dishonor my father had caused.  This 
is what it will take."
	He took her by the shoulders and looked at her.  "Ayeka, if you die, I 
will *never* forgive you."
	She cracked a smile.  "I'll try not to disappoint you."
	"Ayeka, I don't think you could ever disappoint me."
	She looked into his eyes.  "Tenchi, when this is over, I want to talk 
to you...alone.  There are...things...I want to tell you.  But just in case I 
can't, just in case Koriya kills me...I...I want you to know...I..."
	"Ayeka, I know."  She gasped and gazed at his face.  This time, she 
didn't see indifference there, but love.  "Come back alive, and we'll talk," 
he told her.  "I promise, I'll tell you what....what I should have...what I 
wanted to, but couldn't."  As he said the words, he found he truly meant 
them.  Ayeka *was* going to make it, and he *was* going tell her he loved 
her.  Once the decision was made, he suddenly felt more at ease.
	She nodded.  Tenchi turned and left, walking right out the front door.  
Ayeka took a nervous breath.  Funaho and Misaki appeared behind her.
	"It appears that you have something else to fight for, Ayeka,"  Fuanho 
commented.
	"OH!  MY LITTLE GIRL IS ALL GROWN UP!"  Misaki screeched as she 
enveloped Ayeka in a bear hug known to make bears run in fear.
	"Mother!  Please!  I have other things to worry about right now!"
	<Koriya.>

	Tenchi found Koriya sitting on the shore of the lake, gazing out into 
nothingness.  She didn't notice him until he spoke up.  "Can I sit here?"
	She looked up at him with sad, bloodshot eyes.  She had been crying.  
"Of course, Most Loved Tenchi.  Please."
	He sat next to her and joined her looking out at the water.  It was 
getting late in the day, and the sun was beginning to go down over the lake, 
the water was awash with reds and oranges.  They sat their for a few minutes 
before Koriya spoke.
	"I didn't think it would be this way," she told him.
	"What?"
	"My engagement.  I always had a picture of it in my mind.  Coming 
across a handsome prince, listening as he delivered a flowery but firm 
challenge.  I would fight bitterly, of course, but in the end, he would 
overpower me.  We would be so happy for the rest of our lives."  She took a 
breath.  "Now, here I am, about to kill my best friend."
	"You don't have to," Tenchi told her.
	"Yes I do, Most Loved Tenchi."  She faced him.  "I am the greatest 
swordswoman on Danitan," she told him straight out.  "Not even my own mother 
could best me.  Never before have I been defeated.  Do you know what that 
means, Most Loved Tenchi?"
	He shook his head.
	"It means being alone.  It means never finding anyone who could ever 
defeat me.  It means spending the rest of my life watching my sisters and 
nieces and cousins growing up, being defeated, and getting married.  It means 
watching them have children.  It means seeing the proud looks on their faces 
when their daughters first pick up a lightsword.  And it means watching them 
alone for no other reason than that I was cursed with skill."
	For the first time, Tenchi felt pity for her.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't 
know."
	"Am I really so undesirable, Most Loved Tenchi?"
	"No, of course not."
	"Then why fight so hard to be rid of me?"  she asked him with tears in 
her eyes.
	Tenchi sighed.  "It's a difference in cultures, Koriya.  On Earth, 
marriages are based on trust and mutual respect, not skill with a sword."
	"You would have respect, Most Loved Tenchi," she said, pleading with 
him.  "You would be the husband of Koriya Trinidan Restoya'tal, the only 
person ever to defeat her!  The other males at the royal court would pale 
next to you!"  She took his hands in her own.  "Most Loved Tenchi, you would 
be revered for your power and skill!  You would bring to our race a power 
that has never been seen before!  Our daughters could rule the galaxy!"  A 
tear ran down her cheek.  "Please!  I beg of you, ask Most Honored Ayeka to 
drop the Danitan Ze'tan!  Please!"
	"Koriya, I *did* ask, but not for your sake."  Koriya seemed on the 
verge of tears.  "I will marry you, if that's what is decided, but I don't 
love you."
	"You would learn, Most Loved Tenchi.  We Danitan are taught that love 
is something that develops *after* marriage.  But in this case..."
	She couldn't go on.  Tenchi felt he should say something.  "I'm sorry 
that this misunderstanding happened."
	"I am not," she told him firmly.  "How else would I have found a man 
such as you?"
	"You would have found someone eventually,"
	"No," she told him squarely.  "Were it not for my surprise at seeing 
the Light Hawk Wings, I would've killed you.  I have always been alone, and 
if Ayeka wins the Danitan Ze'tan, I will continue to be alone."
	"I'm sorry, Koriya.  I really am."
	She looked at him and smiled wanly.  "You're a nice boy, Most Loved 
Tenchi."
	He gulped visibly.  "Uh..thank you."
	"The Danitan Ze'tan has not yet occurred.  For the next two hours, you 
are still *my* fiance."
	"Uh..."
	Suddenly, she was on him, kissing him passinately.  Caught by surprise, 
Tenchi was knocked to the ground, Koriya landing on top of him.

	Two hours passed.  Everyone at the house gathered in the front yard to 
see what Washu had cooked up for a proper Danitan Ze'tan.  It was essentially 
a large circle in the ground, about forty feet in diameter.  Ten foot glass 
poles were staked into the ground all along the circumference at six feet 
intervals for a total of twenty one poles.  
	Ayeka appeared in her Jurain battle outfit and angular warpaint.  Her 
face held a look of grim determination.  Koriya appeared at the other side of 
the circle, she discarded her cloak, but otherwise, her clothing was the 
same.  Ryoko appeared in the center of the circle holding two long staffs 
with metal globes the size of baseballs on either end.
	Sitting next to Washu in the makeshift stands on the edge of the 
circle, Tenchi asked a question that had been bothering him.  "Washu, why did 
Koriya agree to let Ryoko referee this thing?  Wouldn't she be biased against 
Koriya?"
	Washu shook her head.  "Under Danitan law, whoever wins this fight can 
do with you as they will.  If Ayeka wins, she could turn right around and 
order you to marry *her*, and the Danitans would have to accept and support 
that decision.  That in itself will be enough to make Ryoko play fair."
	They watched as Ryoko handed the staffs to the two women.  "What are 
those?"  Tenchi asked.  "I figured they'd use lightswords."
	Once again, Washu shook her head.  "Lightswords are a Jurain weapon the 
Danitan adopted.  For their rituals, they use weapons native to Danitan."
	"So what are they?"
	"Pressure pikes."
	"Huh?"
	She pointed out at the ring.  "See those globes at the end of the 
staffs?"  He nodded.  "Those displace the air flow around them.  The staff 
doesn't *have* to strike a person to inflict damage.  The air pressure 
created by the magnetic field around the pike's edge will do more than enough 
damage.  In the hands of an expert, they're lethal."
	Sitting on the other side of Washu, Misaki began to bite her nails.  
Funaho threw Azusa a withering look.  Mihoshi cheered for Ayeka.  Sasami 
looked on in fear, and Yosho...
	Yosho looked troubled.
	That frightened Tenchi most of all.
	<Please be careful, Ayeka.>
	Conversation died as Ryoko began to speak to the two women.  "The rules 
of the Danitan Ze'tan have been explained to you both.  The use of Jurain 
forcefields or powers other than those of strength, speed, skill, and agility 
are expressly forbidden, and use of such will result in disqualification."  
They had never heard Ryoko speak so formally.  "Under the code of the Danitan 
Ze'tan, this is your last chance to withdraw with honor."  She waited.  
Neither of the women budged or spoke a word.  "All right, From this point on, 
I cannot interfere unless a rule is violated or one of you surrenders.  
Remember, death counts as surrender here."  She floated into the air.  
	"FIGHT!"
	There was a loud hum as the pikes came to life.  The glass poles around 
the arena glowed and the air between them crackled as forcefields came to 
life.  Ayeka and Koriya adopted defensive positions.  They circled each 
other, looking for proper openings.  Ayeka could hear the steady "whoosh" of 
air coming from the ends of Koriya's pike.  
	Suddenly, the Danitan struck!  Ayeka brought the pike up to turn the 
blow and just managed to block it, but Koriya wasn't finished.  She twisted 
her body, bring the other end of the pike around.  One of the globes came 
within a foot of Ayeka's stomach.  Ayeka was thrown back as if kicked by a 
mule.  She struck the forcefield at the edge of the arena with a cry and fell 
to the ground.  She kept hold of her staff.
	Ayeka stood up and fought back the reflex to summon her power logs.  
Her powers would be of no help here.  Koriya was waiting for her to stand up, 
not attacking until she was ready.  Ayeka wasn't quite an expert on Danitan 
war culture, but she recognized the insult.
	"Don't hold back on my account, Koriya," Ayeka hissed.
	Koriya looked unsure.  "Don't do this, Ayeka.  You can still back out.  
You're not Danitan.  No one would think less of you."
	"*I* would!"  Ayeka cried and charged.  She brought the pike around, 
the metal globe whooshed over Koriya's head as the warrior woman ducked 
beneath it.  She lashed out with her own pike, catching Ayeka in the chest.  
Once again, Ayeka flew back and struck the force field.
	Ayeka struggled to her knees, gasping for breath.  Koriya stood over 
her.  "Ayeka, please.  Think about it.  You're powerful yes, but you can't 
beat me in an arena like this."
	Ayeka lashed out with the pike.  Koriya was taken by surprise, the end 
of the pike striking her just below the chin.  With a cry, she flew back 
against the force field.
	She got to her feet just as Ayeka was.  She regarded her friend with a 
tad more respect now.  "All right, Ayeka," she said.  "No more velvet glove."
	She charged.  Ayeka managed to turn the first blow, but Koriya followed 
up with a shot to the chest with the handle of her staff.  She then brought 
it up into Ayeka's face, knocking her to the ground. As she brought the pike 
up for another blow, Ayeka rolled out of the way.  The end touched the 
ground, the air pressure throwing up a storm of dirt and debris. 
	Sitting behind Tenchi, Nobuyuki whistled in awe.  "You know, this is 
kind of like that episode of Star Trek where Kirk and Spock were forced to 
fight to the death."
	Misaki turned to him angrily.  "Do you mind?!  Some of us are trying to 
watch the fight!"  She resumed biting her nails.
	Koriya kept attacking, Ayeka kept rolling out of the way.  Finally, 
Ayeka struck back, slamming her pike into the back of Koriya's knee.  With a 
cry, Koriya fell to one knee and brought her pike around to block Ayeka's 
follow up attack.  The two rolled away from one another and got to their 
feet.
	In the stands, Misaki grabbed hold of the front of Tenchi's shrine 
tunic and pulled him face to face with her.  "If she wins this," she growled, 
"You had better damn well marry her!"
	"I tried to get them to stop!"  Tenchi retorted.  "What do you want 
from me!?"
	They turned back to the battle as Koriya landed a blow to the side of 
Ayeka's head.  Ayeka fell to one knee, blood seeped from the cut just below 
her temple.  She brought the pike up to counterattack, but Koriya beat her to 
it, slamming the end of her pike against Ayeka's chest.  Ayeka was shoved to 
the ground by the air current and slid fifteen feet, coming to a stop next to 
one of the light poles on the far end of the arena.
	Ayeka managed to get to a kneeling position, but fell back to the 
ground.  Koriya stood over her.
	"Please, Ayeka!" she begged.  "You're my friend!  I don't want to do 
this!"
	Ayeka took a few deep breaths, trying to get the air back into her 
lungs.  "Then....surrender..."  she wheezed.
	Koriya blinked and brought the staff up over her head.
	"Last chance, Ayeka."
	"No."
	"Please,"
	"I said, 'no,' Koriya, and I meant it."
	Koriya looked down at her friend.  "You'd really die for him?"
	Ayeka looked into her friend's eyes and whispered, "Without 
hesitation."
	"You always were stubborn."  Koriya brought the staff down.
	On the other side  of the arena, the others watched as Koriya struck 
the death blow.  There was a small explosion, and a cloud of dust and debris 
shot into the air, engulfing the two women.
	"AYEKA!"  Tenchi cried.
	Sasami buried her head in her hands and began to cry.  Misaki wept 
openly, clutching Funaho, whose own eyes were wet with tears.  Azusa fell to 
his knees.  Though no one was sure, they thought they heard him whisper,
	"What have I done?"
	Tenchi had closed his eyes in pain and grief, however, when he opened 
them, he saw that the dust cloud had dispersed.  He gasped.  Koriya was 
standing over Ayeka, who was looking up at her in shock.  Koriya's pike was 
buried two feet into the ground, only inches from Ayeka's head.
	She released the pike, letting it stand on its own and took a step 
back.  She fought back a sob as she declared.  "The House of Restoya'tal..." 
she closed her eyes in pain,  "...surrenders."  Everyone gasped in shock.  "I 
cannot defeat Ayeka, therefore I am...relinquishing Most Lov...Most Respected 
Tenchi to her care."  She turned away from her friend and whispered.  "This 
Danitan Ze'tan is over."  The light poles went dark as the force fields 
switched off.  Koriya walked out of the arena with her head held high until 
she was outside, then ran into the forest nearby.
	Everyone rushed to Ayeka, who was stuggling to get to her feet.  Washu 
managed to get there first and waved them all back.
	"Everyone get back!  Give her some air, dammit!"  Washu removed a 
device from her pocket and began scanning her with it.  "Two broken ribs, 
three bruised ones, possible skull fracture, maybe a concussion."  She stood 
up.  "You got off lucky."
	Misaki couldn't be held back any longer, and she rushed to Ayeka, 
enveloping her in another bear hug.  (Bears all over the continent ran in 
fear.)  Ayeka cried out in pain.  Misaki, suddenly remembering Ayeka's 
injuries released her as if her daughter had suddenly burst into flames.  
	"OH, I'M SO SORRY, AYEKA!  MOMMY DIDN'T MEAN IT!"
	Funaho stepped forward.  "We're proud of you, Ayeka."  Misaki nodded, 
grinning.  Even Azusa smiled.  "Of course, if you ever do something so stupid 
again, we'll ground you for six centuries."
	"I got a cave you can use,"  Ryoko piped up.
	"Oh, be quiet, you demon,"  Ayeka muttered, but without heat.
	"Ayeka,"  She turned to Tenchi.  Ayeka took a step toward him.  There 
was so much she wanted to say to him, so much she had promised to say.  So 
much *he* had promised to say to her.  However, now that the time was here, 
all she could do was collapse into his arms, completely exhausted.

	Koriya leaned against the tree, Funaho, and sighed.  She heard 
footsteps behind her and turned.  Ayeka, now in her kimono, stood there.  The 
only sign that she had been fighting for her life only an hour before was the 
bandage on the left side of her head.
	"Koriya?"
	"Hello Ayeka."  The Danitan continued to stare out into the pond.
	Ayeka took another step forward.  "Koriya, I want you to know that I 
didn't do what I did because you're not my friend.  I did it..."
	"For him," Koriya finished.  "I know, Ayeka, I know."  Koriya turned to 
her.  "You have a good male, Ayeka."
	Ayeka blushed slightly.  "I know."
	"He's kind, gentle, sweet..."  Ayeka listened in approval as Koriya 
listed Tenchi's best qualities.  "...and he's a great kisser."
	Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "WHAT?!  How did you..."  She saw Koriya 
smiling at her discomfiture.  Ayeka paled.  "You didn't," she gasped.
	"Come on, Ayeka, you gotta give me *something*."
	"Those two hours,"  Ayeka whispered.  "You didn't...I mean, you and he 
weren't...He wouldn't have...."
	Koriya sighed. "No, Ayeka.  I wanted to, but Most Lo..er Respected 
Tenchi is a little shy.  Besides, I know I wasn't the one he *wanted.*  I 
tried to fool myself before, but now I know."  She took a step towards her.  
"Take good care of him, Ayeka.  For me."
	Ayeka nodded solemnly.  "I will."
	Koriya started to walk away.  
	"Where are you going?"
	Koriya turned back to her.  "I'm leaving Ayeka.  I think I've caused 
enough trouble."
	"Please don't, Koriya.  Stay for awhile."
	"I don't..."
	"You know, my brother is single,"  Koriya paused mid-step, "And he's 
improved his skills considerably in seven hundred years."
	Koriya seemed to think on this.  "He's a little old,"  she mused.
	"Since when has age ever been a factor?"  Ayeka asked her with a smile.   
"Remember when you challenged that guardsman when we were ten."
	Koriya giggled.  "I remember the look on his face.  I was sure he was 
going to die!"
	Ayeka laughed.  "Please stay, Koriya.  There's no hard feelings about 
this.  Tenchi doesn't think less of you and neither does anyone else.  Well, 
maybe Ryoko, but I try not to care what she thinks."
	Koriya seemed unsure.  "We *haven't* had that much time to spend 
together, have we?"
	"You're my best friend, Koriya.  You'll always be my best friend.  
Please stay."
	Koriya turned to her and nodded.  "Very well, Ayeka.  I'll stay for a 
few days."  Ayeka brightened.  "But right now, I think I should go to the 
house.  I think *he* wants to talk to you."  She nodded to the forest's edge.
	"Huh?"  Ayeka turned to see Tenchi standing there.  "Tenchi?"  
	Koriya smiled.  "I'll see you two later."  She walked away leaving the 
two of them alone.
	Tenchi approached her.  "I didn't mean to interrupt."
	"It's quite all right, Tenchi."  He stood toe to toe with her now.  
	"Ayeka, I think you wanted to tell me something."
	"Uh..."  Words failed her.  At the time, she had been ready to pour her 
heart out to him, believing that she'd never get a second chance.  Now...  
"Tenchi, I...I..."
	"Then let me tell you something," he said.  He leaned forward and 
kissed her.  Shocked, Ayeka could do nothing but stand there and enjoy the 
moment.  Tenchi's arms wrapped around her.  
	<Koriya was right...> she thought to herself in glee.
	When there lips finally parted, Tenchi whispered, "I almost lost you, 
and I had never realized what you truly meant to me."
	She put her finger to his lips, silencing him.  "That's over now."
	He smiled.  "Washu tells me I belong to you, now."
	She smiled.  "Oh, Tenchi," she whispered.  "Whatever shall I do with 
you?"
	"There's plenty of time to find out."



Author's Notes:

I know, I know.  It just reeks of Ranma and Shampoo.  Well....so what?!  They 
stole it from an old Star Trek episode or something like that.  This was a 
response to Gensao's challenge, only I thought Ayeka should have to earn it.
I'd like to thank Seaver for proofing this work.  Thanks Seav.
Send C&C (otherwise I'll never improve) to:
Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com
