I am Agent Gray Fox from Majestic Twelve and this is my Tenchi 
Muyo Fan Fiction.

**Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters but Agent 
Gray Fox,**
Tenchi Misaki and all other characters belong to Pionerr/AIC. I 
do not 
claim other charactors but Agent Gray Fox as my own creation. 
The
only thing I am saying is mine is the story line. So please, all 
lawyers
from Pioneer/AIC do not sue me. If you do I will hunt you down 
and 
kill you without mercy. You have been warned.

Author's notes: This story is basicly about another person 
staying in the          Misaki household who is a person Tenchi 
had met on an internet chat 
room. What Tenchi doesn't know is that this person has Ryoko's 
powers and is an agent for Majestic Twelve. I am sorry but I did 
make some writing errors so please bear with it.


             The Mysterious Visitor Part 1
December 20, 2000
One day Tenchi Misaki was on his computer on an internet chat 
room and found a person named Agent Gray Fox. He worked at a 
secret government agency called Majestic Twelve. at the end of 
the conversation, Tenchi had given Agent Gray Fox his address 
and phone number. The next day Tenchi had recieved a call from 
Agent Gray Fox telling him in three hours he would recieve a 
package and when he opens it to give him a call. Exactally three 
hours later he recieved a package, as told  by Agent Gray Fox. 
When he opened it there was a small cube with a button on it and 
a cell phone. Tenchi did as instructed and called Agent Gray 
Fox.

	The cell phone rang twice and I answered "Hello, Tenchi I 
see you recieved the package."
	Tenchi replied "Yes, I did how did you know."
	"I can tell that it is the cell phone I gave you because I 
have the cell phone number on caller ID."
	"I see, ok what do I do first."
	"First I need to speak to Washuu."
	"How did you know Washuu was here."
	"We have many spy sattalites in the atmosphere."
	"Oh. Ok I will get Washuu. Wait a minute ok."
	"Ok."
One minute later Washuu came to the phone.
	Agent Gray Fox said "Hello Washuu to talk to you again"
	Washuu looked at the phone just dumbfounded then began to 
smile.
	"Is it really you Gray Fox." Washuu siad gleefully
	"Yes Washuu I still remember you from the acadamy." I 
replied.
	"I can't belive that you are still alive. It's been so 
long since I last seen you I think about 20,000 years."
	"I am still alive and I am glad you are alive as well."
	"I know, well, anyway, what do you need."
	"Ok with the technoligy developed here on Earth I was able 
to make two Matter Transport Unit. I had sent one to you. It is 
in the same package as this phone. Take it into your lab at set 
it down somewhere large in space. Press the button then step 
away. It will become an MTU. I will give you about two hours to 
get ready because I will be coming through the MTU."
	"Ok Gray Fox. I will see you then. Bye."
	"Ok Washuu I will be There in two hours. See you later."

	After Washuu hung up the phone she told Tenchi what 
happened and what I told her to do.

	About an hour and fifty minutes Tenchi told everyone not 
to use there powers because he was afraid they're powers would 
scare Agent Gray Fox. At exactally two hours after Washuu had 
hung up the phone the MTU started to power up. after what seemed 
like an hour, but it was only five seconds I came out of the 
machine.

  "Hi everyone" I said. Everyone one was shocked to see me 
because he had gold hair, blue jumpsuit, he was about six feet 
two inches tall, and carrying a large suitcase and large bag 
fill with many items.
After Washuu had seen me she had ran up to him and hugged him 
causing him to drop all he had.
	"I thought you were dead." Washuu said.
	"Im sorry if I scared you but when I came to Earth indeed 
I did die but I had saved a genetic imprint in a piece of dust. 
Somehow the dust had  imprinted my DNA in a female Earthling. 
When she had her child my DNA had evolved and became her child. 
Near Washington D.C.When she and her husband were coming home 
with me, the car had crashed, I was the only suvivour. After a 
while two hikers found me. I was sent to an orphanage. After ten 
years I ran away and found a building in Washington D.C. when I 
entered I was asked why I was there I said I needed a place to 
stay. They took me in and taught me what I needed to know and 
then after about eight years I became an agent. That is my 
story."

After the story everyone including Washuu were gaping in awe 
after what they heard. After about five minutes everyone came 
out of shock then everyone including me left Washuu's lab and 
entered the living room, I was the last to leave because I 
needed to pick up all of my things that I had dropped earlier.

	" Tenchi, can you tell me where I can sleep tonight." I 
asked.	"You can sleep in the guest room upstairs on the 
right Agent Gray Fox."
	"Thank you Tenchi and please call me Gray Fox."
	"I'll show you to your room, ok Gray Fox" Washuu said.
	"Ok thanks." I said.

	When I entered the guest room I began to unload my 
belongings. I put my clothes in the closet but I kept a pair of 
pants and a shirt out so I could change his clothes. After I put 
my clothes away and changed Ryoko knocked at the door and said, 
	"Gray Fox, it is almost time for dinner."
	"Ok Ryoko" I said.   
After ten minutes I had went down to the kitchen to eat. When I 
had went down I saw everyone at the table getting ready to eat. 
I found an empty seat next to where Sasami was going to sit. 
When I had sat down Washuu had decided to introduced me to 
everyone.
Washuu started.
	"Going clockwise from you there is Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ayeka, 
Yosho,       
Ryoko, Nobuyuki, and you know Tenchi and Sasami. And everyone 
this is Gray Fox."	
Under the table I heard a sharp 'Miya'. I looked under the table 
to see what I could only call a cabbit. 
	"Oh, sorry Gray Fox the one under the table is Ryo-ohki."
 
After the dinner I told Sasami "That was an excellent dinner 
Sasami."
	"Thank you Gray Fox." said Sasami.
	When Sasami had began to clear the table I had stoped her.
	Let me clear the table for you. It is the least I can do 
for such a good meal. Sasami accepted the offer and let me clean 
the table and wash the dishes. After I was done I went into the 
front room and watched T.V. with everyone. After about twenty 
minutes Yosho asked me if I could train with Tenchi tomorrow. I 
said "Ok I will."

After about another hour it was nine o'clock. I decided to see 
Washuu.
In her lab I told her a secret I could trust Washuu  with.
	
	"Washuu, remember that expirement that you performed on me 
at the academy back in the days." I said. 
	Washuu said "Yes I remember. Why did you bring it up."
	"This is why." I held out my hand and formed an energy 
ball,
then an energy sword, then I raised myself into the air, then I 
said through a telepathic link,*Can you tell me why?*
	Washuu was stunned. She thought the experiment was 
supposed to 
expand brain capacity. It did but had some odd side effects.
	"Just like Ryoko." she muttered under her breath.
I heard this and I was knew this was possible.
	"I must go now see you later bye."
When I entered the living room I seen that everyone was still 
up.
Since it was about christmas I told them about christmas. They 
all said that they wanted to know more about christmas.
I told them that I was tired and said,"I'll tell you more 
tomorrow right know I need to sleep."
	"Alright, good night, Gary Fox." everyone said. 
I went to my room and changed into my sleeping clothes. I didn't 
go straight to sleep but I stayed awake until ten o'clock.

**************************************************************
This is my first fan fiction I've wrote so please take it esay 
and dont think I can't write because I can.
That is it for Part 1 of 4 of my fan fiction.
Please tell me what you think about this fan fic.
Send them to: cyborg_ninja_of_the_night@yahoo.com
If you must give me your questions, comments, ideas, or death 
treats will be accepted.
But please, if you make a death treat you shall be the one to 
die a long and painful death.
