**Disclaimer: Please see Part 1 of The Mysterious Visitor for 
disclaimer**

The Mysterious Visitor Part 4 Final Part
Decenber 24, 2000

I awoke to the sound of a large explosion. I immediatly phased 
down stairs and charged my energy sword and was ready to battle. 
When I got down there I saw Ryoko and Ayeka fighting. I 
decharged the energy sword and asked Sasami what is going on.
	"Dont worry they are only fighting over Tenchi." said 
Sasami.
	"Oh is that it." I said.
	"Yup."
	"Shouldn't you get out of here so you don't get hurt."
	"I think so."
We left and went out into the yard.
	"Do they always do this Sasami."
	"Everyday but since you got here they tried not to fight 
but now they just couldn't help not to fight."
	"How did it start today."
	"Ryoko was trying to kiss Tenchi and Ayeka seen it and 
that is how it happened."
	"Ok let me find Tenchi and see if he is alright."
	"Ok Gray Fox see you later. Just remember lunch will be 
ready in one hour."
	"Sasami before I go do you mind if I cook dinner today."
	"Go ahead its no problem I can cook tomorrow."
	"See you later." 
	"See ya."
I left to find Tenchi and I had found him in the carrot field.
	"Hello Tenchi." I said.
	"Hello Gray Fox." he said.
	"How does it feel to be fought over by the girls."
	"I gets annoying after a while because they always destroy 
something."
	"But Washuu can fix it right."
	"Yeah, she can but it is the idea that she needs to fix 
everything."
	"I need to go, see ya when you get back to the house."
	"Ok bye."
I left to go to the house by then it was about fifteen minutes 
to lunch.
I went to go wash up. When I got down to the kitchen Sasami had 
just set up the table and put out the food. By then everyone had 
started to come down for lunch. Lunch went by quickly and I 
decided not to tell them I was cooking dinner. As soon as I was 
done helping Sasami, Wahuu had called for me so I went down to 
her lab.
	"You called for me Washuu." I said
	"Yes Gray Fox I did." Washuu said.
	"What did you need."
	"I think I found out how you got the powers. As it turns 
out it was the warp core that had overloaded and I think I can 
counteract the affects and you can be as normal as you want."
	"Could it be possible to keep my powers. I kind of want 
them."
	"You can keep them Gray Fox if you want but remember if 
you want I can reverse the affects of the machine now ok."
	"Ok Washuu I will tell you when I want to be normal."
	"Bye Gray Fox see you later."
	"Bye Washuu."
I had left the lab and I thought about getting rid of my powers. 
After about ten minutes I had to go the the city to get the 
things I need for dinner. As soon as I had left the house Ryoko 
had followed me out and said:
	"Where are you going Gray Fox."
	"I'm going into the city to get some groceries for 
dinner." I said.
	"Can I go with you."
	"Ok. You can come with me."
We went to the city and when we got there I had bought a large 
ham and potatoes. When I payed for the food Ryoko race me home 
and I had beat her.
	"How did you beat me." She yelled.
	"Over time I had been able to work on my powers." I said.
When I got ready I had began to cook. Sasami had insisted to 
watch so I let her. I had boiled the water, cut the pineapple, 
peeled and cut the potatoes, put the pineapple on the ham, put 
ham in the oven, and put the potatoes in the water.
	"Dinner will be ready in one hour everone." I beaconed.
	"We'll be ready." Everyone said in unison.
I had time to go and take a shower and change. When I was done I 
had set the table, put the food out , and sat down at the table 
when Sasami came down and sat down too. She was suprised at how 
much food I made even though she had seen what I had done. After 
about two minutes everyone came down and sat at the table and 
started to eat.
	"Wow, Sasami this is very good." said Tenchi.
	"I must agree with Tenchi." Ayeka said.
	"It is very good Sasami." Kiyone and Mihoshi said in 
unison.
	"I didn't cook dinner everybody." Sasami said cheerfully.
	"Who cooked then?!" Said everybody looking puzzled.
	"Gray Fox did." said Sasami as I stood up.
	"It is something we use to have at Majestic Twelve every 
Christmas Eve." I replied.
Everyone had finished eatting and the girls refused to let me 
clear the table.
When I had went to the living room Ryoko had asked me what else 
to they do during Chirstmas Eve.
	"The gifts we get for each other we put under the tree, 
sit by the fire, and sing Christmas Carrols." I said.
Everyone had went to there room to get the gifts. When they all 
returned we put the gifts under the tree, sit in the glow of the 
fire, and sing Christmas Carrols. After about three hours we 
were all tired and we all went to sleep.
----------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------
December 25, 2000
Christmas Day

I woke up to the sound of everyones voice, even Washuu, saying:
	"Merry Christmas Gray Fox."
I was a bit surprised but I then said:
	"Merry Christmas everyone."
They then left the room so I could get dressed. I put on my 
clean blue jumpsuit because I needed to go back to the Majestic 
Twelve Headquarters after I was was done there. After I got 
dressed I went down to the living room to see everyone with 
there gifts on there laps and next to them. 
	"Gray Fox, I put your gifts over near the chair near 
Ryoko. Sorry that was the only seat left." said Sasami.
 	"Its ok Sasami I know she won't bite." I replied.
	"Bite? What do you think I am. A cat." Ryoko yelled.
	"I am sorry, it is an expression in America to mean that I 
am not afraid of you." I said.
	"Oh, sorry Gray Fox." said Ryoko.
	"Its ok, Ryoko." I said.
	"When do we open our presents." asked Mihoshi.
	"You idiot, wait for Gray Fox to tell us when we can." 
Kiyone said angrily.
	"Calm down Kiyone, we can open our gifts now." I said.
Everyone began looking for the first gift they could open. They 
all chose mine. They opened the gifts and found the computers 
and look surprised of all the accessories I had gotten them. 
Washuu had looked oddly at the small gift I had given her.
	"What is this?" Washuu looked at me with question in her 
eyes.
	"Open it and see." I responded.
She unwraoed the gift to see a small black box. She opened it to 
see the necklace. Her eyes brightened as she had seen it.
	"I've been meaning to give it to you at the acadamy." I 
said.
	"I thought all the dragonite was destroyed ten years 
before I joined the academy." Washuu said suprisingly.
	"I was able to find some at my home planet."
	"Thank you Gray Fox, but you would have been the best 
Chirstmas surprise ever." Washuu said with a tear in her eye 
hugging me.
After that everyone started opening there gifts and everyone 
started with one person at a time. First everyone started with 
the gifts they recieved from Ryoko. Kiyone had gotten a cute 
little outfit that looked a little like her GP uniform. Mihoshi 
got a little shirt with sailor moon on it. Sasami got a cute 
dress that looked good on her. Ayeka got a box with a note 
saying 'Tenchi is mine'
Ayeka began to prepare to attack Ryoko before I stood up and 
stopped them. They sat down with Ayeka being angry and Ryoko 
smiling. It was Washuu's turn. She opened her present to find a 
small nurses outfit. Everyone laughed. Now it was mine and 
Tenchi's turn. We opened our gifts at the same time. When we 
seen the gifts we both blushed because they were silk boxers. 
Ryoko laughed so hysterically you would think that she was a 
loonatic. It want like this for an hour. Then it was Washuu's 
turn. She had us all go outside into the cool air. Washuu told 
everyone to look up so everyone did. Washuu pressed a few butons 
on an invisable pad, the sky went black and fireworks lit the 
sky. After this the sky returned to normal and everyone went 
back into the house and relaxed. I told them I had to go and 
return to the Majestic Twelve Headquarters. They all said 
goodbye and I left to get all my gifts and things I had brought 
to the house. I had left through the MTU back to my work and 
resume my old life.

**************************************************************
Well that is it for my fan fic. 
Please write me soon and give me your input on the story at:
CYBORG_NINJA_OF_THE_NIGHT@ YAHOO.COM
Next time you see me I will write a x-over between OUTLAW STAR 
and TENCHI MUYO.
Goodbye for now and in the immortal words of Spock:
LIVE LONG AND PROSPER.
