	Well it's finally up my first posted fan fiction. I'd like to thank
Hitoshi Okuda and the folks at Pioneer for the use of this wonderful series.
I'm only doing this for enjoyment not profit. (in other words don't sue me
I'm dead broke.)
	Basically for those who are wonder what this fic is about it's an 
orignal/New character set in the Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-oki series (with two
elements of the Tenchi TV series added to it) in which a typical japanese boy
named Tenchi accidentally released wanted space pirate/demon Ryoko from her
700 year imprisonment in a shirne. Afterwards a series of alien girls, all 
brought to Earth by Ryoko's release, comes into Tenchi's life with panic and
mayham a plenty. Ayeka the Jurain princess seeking her half-brother/lover
Yosho, Sasami Ayeka's younger sister, The greatest genius in all the Universe
(and Ryoko's mother/creator) Washu, and finally the klutzy, but cute, blonde
detective Mihoshi and her victim-I mean-partner Kiyone (I felt that Kiyone is
a good character, possible because he's not infatuated with Tenchi, so I 
decided to include Kiyone in the series even though she not supposed to be 
there). This story simply asks the question why hasn't a guy, besides Yosho,
come after Ryoko? After all she was a space pirate that attacked and 
plundered many worlds seeking objects of immense power for her master. 
Place C&C to mansouri@wam.umd.edu (Heck I'd be glad to get e-mail saying 
I spelled a word wrong.) Finally I recommend you listen to some Star Wars
soundtrack preferably the new one it seems to fit in this fic.
	And now on with the story...

Konbanwa-Good evening
Bakemono-Ghost; phantom; monster
Sama-a suffix of respect like 'Lord'
oniisan- elder, big brother
onesan- big sister, elder sister


"Anger...fear...aggression. The dark side are they. Easily they flow,
quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path,
forever will it dominate your destiny..." -Yoda

			    	Tenchi Muyo:
  			   No need for Myth part I

	It was a typical sunny day at the Masaki household. Outside, near 
the gate, stood Azaka and Kamadaki greeting the fine spring weather. "What a
beautiful morning." Azaka commented. "Quite, nothing could possibly go wrong 
today." Kamadaki replied. Suddenly thunder roared across a mysteriously clear
sky.
	Both wooden guardians formed sweatdrops as they turned to look at one
another. "You just had to say that didn't you?" Azaka asked sarcastically. 
"Well I'm sure it nothing to worry about. The rest of the day will be just
fine!" Kamadaki said optimistically until sounds of random destruction and 
chaos emanated from the Masaki home. "Then again-" Kamadaki sighed as the 
two guardians returned to their assigned duties.

	Somewhere out in the cold, black, vacuum of space a strange red ship
was traveling through the void it's sensors probing the vastness for a 
signal of some kind. Inside the bridge a computer panel abruptly comes 
on-line.

	:Energy spike dem01 has been detected around E class planet in the 
Sol system: a computer readout showed.

	:Engage FTL engines and proceed toward the planet:

	The ship start lengthen unnaturally and suddenly vanishes out of the
area.

	:Monitor biosignature on cryotube M1 and activate if viable:

	:Affirmative:


	All was darkness in his viewpoint. It lasted for a moment before he
hear it. A sound like insane laughter, then an explosion similar to a
nuclear detonation only a thousand times louder, finally a stark silence as
a memory--his memory--started to develop. A desolated city, Not a single
structure stood up only bits of rubble durasteel frames crushed to small 
fragments. Another sound was heared, the wail of a small child. Then a little
girl barely eight years old walked through the remains and looked at the man.
"You failed." was all the youth said before fading like a ghost then other
voices and faces joined in.

	One was a couple newly married, another an old woman, another wore
the uniform of a soldier. Soon hundreds of voices chorused "Failure" over
and over. The man fell down assuming a fetal position hands to his ears
trying to silence the voices. Then all was quiet as a single woman with brown
hair and strange tattoo near her left eye came to view looking on with a
somber, forgiving smile "Never." was all she said before embracing the
trembling man. The man looks up for a moment before tears start streaming
down his face. "You did your best oniisan, I forgive you."

	"NOOOOOO!" the man awoke to find himself on the deck near the back of
his ship next to the crystaline tube now spewing out goop and mist. The
monitor on the side showing a sequence of vital signs.


	Back at the Masaki household on good old Earth...

	Tenchi was coming back home from another school day. As usual his 
classmates wondered why he was so exhausted in the mornings when he lived
in the mountains far away from any commotion and complication of city life.
*If only they knew* Tenchi thought as he sighed and opened the front door.
He soon came face to face with Ryoko, the cyan haired space pirate, who
smiled hungrily at the youth. For a few moments neither moved as they
stared at each other eye to eye until Tenchi cleared his throat.
"Konbanwa Ryoko."

	Ryoko grinned diabolically. "Konbanwa my Tenchi! Can I ask you a 
question?" She asked following Tenchi toward the living room. "Sure go 
ahead." Tenchi remarked putting down his book bag. "Who looks better? Me." 
Ryoko struck a seductive pose winking at the young man then standing straight
again, "Or that underdeveloped princess Leia wannabe."

	"Ah...well." Tenchi started as a sweatdrop formed on his head. Before
Tenchi could respond Ayeka appears out of nowhere behind Ryoko. "Ryoko-san
how dare you! You take that back about my figure or else!" She yells as Ryoko 
gives a knowing smile. "What's wrong princess can't handle the truth."

	Ayeka merely laughs, "Since when does a bakemono pirate like you tell
the truth." Ryoko frowned as an energy bolt formed in her right hand. "Why
you-"

	"Now Ryoko-san, Ayeka-san, can't we settle this in another way?" 
Tenchi said in desperation praying to the gods that the living room, and his
home as a whole, would survive the oncoming rampage.

	"NO!" Both women said in unison as Tenchi backed away arms raised 
slightly in surrender.

	Sasami, with Ryo-oh-ki at her feet, were watching the antics of her
sister and Ryoko from the kitchen door. "Miya?" the cabbit asked looking up
at Sasami. "Yup, there fighting again." the young princess said as she looked
at Tenchi with a sad smile. Sasami then entered the room and walked toward
a hapless young man. "Don't worry Tenchi-neechan I'll get them to stop."
Sasami whispered reassuringly. Sasami then turned towards Ryoko and Ayeka.
"Dinner's ready! Hurry up or it'll get cold." Sasami announced.

	Suddenly a gust of wind blew past Tenchi and Sasami heading for the
dining table. Now only Ayeka was in the living room with Tenchi, Sasami, and
Ryo-oh-ki. "Humph, talk about a bottomless appetite." Ayeka commented as
Tenchi and Sasami giggled. "Thanks Sasami-chan." Tenchi muttered to the young
girl. "Don't worry about it Tenchi. Just hurry before Ryoko-neechan eats all
the food." Sasami joyfully said as she left for the dining table the cabbit
following not far behind.

	Tenchi and Ayeka looked at one other for a moment before heading 
towards the dinner table. "I'm sorry Tenchi-sama that monster woman sometimes
just gets me so angry-" Ayeka started apologetically but was cut off by
Tenchi raising his hand. "It's okay Ayeka-san, Ryoko just has that effect
on some people." Tenchi said in a calm voice. "Come on let's go join the 
others."

	*Just another typical day.* Tenchi thought with a sigh as he and 
Ayeka entered the dining area.



	It was a strange and menacing ship that parked at a geosynchronous
orbit above Japan. Two stabilizers hanging out like pincers from a insect, 
blood red paint, and bristling with high-tech weaponry. On it sides
were arcane symbols forming a name. If anyone on earth could read them
they would know the ships name as Kami no batsu(1). The current owner was a
warrior whose ability and skill matched the ships name. At the moment that
warrior was on the bridge, sitting in a chair, and examining the sensor
readouts of Earth with a malignant glare.

	"Clever, little demon, very clever." The hunter muttered to no one 
as he viewed the technical readouts, "A backwater world like this would be an
excellent refuge." The hunter was silent for a moment. "Computer," He began;
as a glowing cube came into being to his right shoulder, "have you checked
the Galaxy Police database for information regarding our quarry?" The hunter
asked.

	:Quarry is out of our, as well as the Galaxy Polices, jurisdiction: 
the cube said casually.

	"What!?!" The hunter bellowed leaning menacingly toward the cube 
fists clenched. "Explain now!" He ordered.

	:Subject has been inactive for over 700 years thereby following 
Galaxy Police rules and regulation, in accordance with Jurian legal statues,
the subject is hereby granted a statue of limitation pardon: the cube
explained in a neutral tone as it showed the GP legal data file.

	"Hmm...Looks like Yosho got to her first and imprisoned her somehow.
It's the only way that witch would remain inactive that long." The hunter
thought aloud as he turned back to the sensor screen.

	"No matter, one way or another the chase ends here and now." The 
hunter thought as the holographic projection of the Earth in front of him
zoomed in to show the island of Japan. "Rest well little demon your about
wish you were never spawned." The Hunter said as he laughed at the picture.



	Ryoko set down her chopsticks and passed her plate to Sasami. "That
was the best meal I had in ages." Ryoko said as Ryo-oh-ki miyaed in 
agreement. "Are you sure your related to Ayeka?" Ryoko asked with an 
innocent look as Sasami giggled. 

	"What did you say Ryoko-san?" Ayeka growled as she gave Ryoko the 
glare of death.

	"What's wrong your lowliness? Angry because you can't please Tenchi
one way or another?" Ryoko asked while seductively winking once more in
Tenchi's direction; who just happened to sweatdrop and move away from the
soon to be disaster area. "How dare you embarrass Tenchi-sama like that you 
sagging monster!?!" Ayeka yelled out as she stood up. 

	"Please let's not fight. Can't we all just get along?" Mihoshi said
trying to alleviate the situation.

	"Shut up Mihoshi!" The two women said in unison then turned toward
one another ready to fight at the slightest inclination.

	"Waah! Why did you yell at me? I was only trying to help." Mihoshi
cried out as tears threatened to cascade down the detective's cheeks. "Don't
cry Mihoshi you can help me with the dishes." Sasami spoke to Mihoshi hoping
to calm down the emotional detective.

	"Okay." Mihoshi whimpered and followed Sasami, with Ryo-oh-ki perched
on her head, into the kitchen.

	"Alright princess we settle this here and now." Ryoko uttered her 
hands aglow with energy. "Fine with me!" Ayeka responded as her logs appeared
by her side.

	"Now there's no need to escalate this any further." Tenchi said
nervously a sweatdrop formed again on his forehead. *Please Lord, don't let
them destroy the house again.* Tenchi thought pleadingly hoping for some
divine intervention to spare his home.

	Suddenly, the doorbell rang.

	"I'll get it." Said Tenchi as he went to the front door thankful that
his prayer's had been answered. As Tenchi opened the sliding door he comes
face to face with a tall male figure.

	"May I help you?" Tenchi asks cautiously observing the stranger. He
appeared to be a teenager about an inch or two taller than Tenchi. The 
strangers attire, a well wore shirt hidden slightly by a poncho with a hood,
was a bit unusual. It also concealed most of the stranger's facial features.

	"Excuse me, but is there a Ryoko living here?" The stranger asks in 
a even tone as he takes a peek into the house.

	"Oh, just a second please." Tenchi says as he turns back into the 
house, "Ryoko it's for you!" He shouts. 'Hmm..who the heck could it be?' 
Ryoko thinks as she turns and steps away from Ayeka.

	"Don't go running off princess our fight is long from over." Ryoko 
states heading toward the hallway that lead to the front door.

	"Be thankful we were interrupted Ryoko-san otherwise I might have 
been forced to teach you a lesson in manners." Ayeka responded.

	Ryoko glided through the hallway, toward the door, and hovered behind
Tenchi. "What is it Tenchi-kun?" Ryoko teases wrapping her arms around the
surprised boy's midsection. "Ryoko, would you please stop that you have a 
visitor." Tenchi says as he tries to pry Ryoko from himself. Ryoko, on the
other hand, looks over the stranger suspiciously.

	Abruptly Ryoko releases Tenchi and takes a few steps until she was 
within a foot of the stranger. "Do I know you from somewhere?" She asks, an 
eyebrow raised in curiosity.

	"Hmm...You may not remember me, but I know you all too well." The 
stranger spoke quietly as he scowled at the cyan-haired woman.


	Meanwhile in the kitchen Ayeka was busy helping Sasami and Mihoshi 
with the dishes. "Of all the nerve." Ayeka muttered as Ryo-oh-ki miyaed 
inquisitively. "First she insults my looks then my cooking abilities. Oh! I
wish someone would beat that monster woman to within a inch of her life." As
Sasami set down the remaining plates she turned to look at her older sister.

	"Be careful what you wish for oneesan or it might come true!" 
The youngest princess of Jurai spoke with a worried voice as Ryo-oh-ki 
nodded.

	"Sasami dear, I doubt that old Earth saying is tr-" Ayeka started 
but before she could finish a monumental explosion took place nearly 
flooring all of them.

	"Oh no! That come from the front door!" Mihoshi said in panic. As 
Sasami and Ayeka go to their feet all three looked at each other before 
shouting. "Tenchi!" They rushed to the hallway. As they passed the closet 
door it opened to show none other than Professor Washu stepping out. "What
the heck was that?" Washu asked as she saw Mihoshi, Sasami, Ryo-oh-ki, and
Ayeka run past her lab door not bothering to stop and explain. "Try to do a
little delicate scientific experimentation and what happens? Something like
this always interferes." Washu said to no one in particular and followed the
four to the front door. 

	Or at least where the front door should have been.

	The door, and portions of the front wall, were lying on the ground
battered and some sections crumpled into small pieces. The hallway wall's 
looked scorched and lying against the left wall groaning was... 

	"Tenchi-sama!" Ayeka cried as she came to Tenchi's side and kneeled.

	"Don't try to move him Ayeka-dono." Washu said in a commanding tone.
"Sasami get a pillow we need to elevate his feet and let him get some air." 
Sasami nodded, went back into the living room, and pulled out a pillow from
the couch. When she got back she gave the pillow to Washu. "Is Tenchi going 
to be okay Washu?" Sasami asked in a worried tone as Washu put the pillow
under Tenchi's feet.

	"Well, nothings broken, Tenchi only seemed a bit bruised that's all."
Washu said as she stood up to look around the hallway. "Hmm...These bruises
are very unusual."

	"Ryoko." Tenchi groaned as he slowly stood up looking about, "Where's
Ryoko?"

	"Tenchi-sama what happened?" Ayeka asked while trying to support her
love. "Someone came to the door asked for Ryoko," Tenchi said as Mihoshi 
offered him a glass of water. "Thanks Mihoshi." Tenchi finished the drink in
one gulp. "When she got close to him he just put his hand forward and 
suddenly the wall started to collapse as something hit Ryoko and pushed her
backwards-"

	"Miya!" Ryo-oh-ki said pointing to the end of the hallway in the 
Masaki home. "Right through the wall." Washu finished as the assembled group
ran to look through the gigantic hole now leading into the Masaki backyard.

	There locked in mortal combat was Ryoko, looking a little tattered, 
and the stranger, a white lightsaber countering Ryoko's orange energy blade,
with a look of satisfaction on his face.

	"What's wrong demoness! 700 years of solitary rust your fighting
skills?" The stranger taunted, his green hair flaying in the wind. Ryoko 
teleported behind the stranger and slashed down with her energy blade only
to have the attack parried. "Arrrh..just keep talking green giant so I can
cut you down to size." Ryoko yelled as the two continued to duel.

	Sasami gasped as she caught a good look of the stranger. "We've got
to do something." Sasami stated as she began to walk through the hole but
was stopped by Washu. "Don't do it Sasami you'll only distract Ryoko, get 
her and possibly yourself, killed." 

	"But-" before Sasami could protest Tenchi came back quickly down the
stairs with the Tenchi-ken.

	"Just in case she needs a hand." Tenchi said to the assembled group.

	"She seems to be doing a good job on her own." Mihoshi commented 
observing the duel.

	Ryoko and the stranger were now grappling with their energy blades. 
Each trying to push the other off balance and end the duel. Without warning 
Ryoko teleported a good distance behind the stranger forcing him to tumble
forward. As the stranger got to his feet Ryoko unleashed a barrage of energy
bolts towards him. The bolts hit their mark and a huge explosion occurred. 
When the smoke and dust cleared the stranger was nowhere to be seen. "Nobody
hurts me and gets away with it." Ryoko stated smiling that her handy work 
appeared to have vanquished the stranger.

	"Nice trick." The stranger voiced as he appeared above Ryoko 
connecting with a vicious drop kick then a hard punch to Ryoko's midsection
just as she hit the ground almost knocking Ryoko into unconciousness. "Too
bad it only works on slow moving opponents!"

	"Give my regards to oblivion demoness!" The stranger shouted 
bringing his lightsaber down to cleave Ryoko in half.

	"NO!" Shouted Tenchi as a blue blade intercepted the white one 
before it could do its dark deed.

	A moment of silence passed as both Tenchi and the stranger stared at
one another. "Stay out of this, whoever you are, it's a personal matter 
between me and that she demon." The stranger stated coldly.

	"You want to get to her you'll have to go through me!" Tenchi said
fiercely as Ryoko was helped back to the house by Washu and Mihoshi.

	The stranger thought for a moment at this turn of events. His dark 
grey eyes focused on Tenchi as if he was probing the young man soul somehow.
"Very well." He said in a neutral tone as he disappeared abruptly.

	At least that's what it looked like from Tenchi's point of view. In
fact the stranger only dropped down quickly to look as if he disappeared. 
"What?" Was all Tenchi could utter before some kind of collar was slipped 
around his neck from behind with lighting speed. "Good night sweet prince."
The stranger said as a surge of energy lanced all over Tenchi's body knocking
him out cold.

	"Tenchi! No!" Ryoko yelled. She tried to stand up but was too
injured to resist Mihoshi and Washu's as the kept her at bay, "What have
you done to him?"

	"Don't worry your pretty little head. He is only unconscious." The
stranger picked up Tenchi in a fireman's carry. "If you want your boyfriend
back, meet me alone at these coordinates in two day's time." The stranger
said tossing a piece of paper to Ryoko. "And no tricks, if you want him in
one piece." The stranger glared threateningly as he and Tenchi disappeared
in a blue beam of light.

end part 1

(1) Kami no batsu-divine retribution