TENCHI MUYO: Naoki & Meiru
By "Trakal" <trakal@map.com>

 PART I: Welcome Meiru

        Yosho finished his daily meditation and made his way to the main
 house when he heard a soft moan just off the path. He carefully made his
 way to the source of the noise. Eventually, he found it; or rather her.

        She was sitting in the grass, propping herself up with one hand
 and rubbing her head with the other. She looked about seventeen, her
 chestnut hair cascading over her shoulders and down her back in soft
 waves, barely covering her. For some reason she was naked, her skin like
 alabaster except her pale pink nipples which were soft and unassuming. She
 stood up slowly, on unsteady legs, then noticed Yosho for the first time.
 She dropped to her knees in sheer embarrassment, covering her breast with
 her arms and shivering.

        "Hmmm..." Yosho mused. It wasn't every day a naked woman showed
 up who wasn't Ryoko. This was certainly odd. Who was she? Where had she
 come from? She had no belongings with her, no clothes, but her skin was
 unmarked, save for the bruises on her shins and palms, which could easily
 be explained by someone tripping and using their hands to stop their fall.


        "Don't be alarmed, miss." Yosho told her, as he removed his shirt.
        She looked up at him for a moment, turning her head and blushing
 when she saw his shirt was off. She shivered, visibly.
        "I'm not going to hurt you." Yosho said, dropping the shirt in
 front of her. He wondered if some heartless man had tried to harm her. 
 Perhaps she'd refused some man's advances and he'd abandonned her in
 retallation.
        The chestnut-haired girl picked it up and quickly covered herself.
        "What's your name?" Yosho asked, concern in his voice
        "I... I don't know." The girl replied. She looked like she was
 ready to cry. "I... I can't remember anything."
        "Its all right." Yosho reassured her, putting a gentle arm around
 her. "Hmmm?" he looked down at her and saw that she had fainted. He scooped
 her up and carried her toward the house. He placed her on the sofa and 
 covered her. There would be time for questions later.


 That evening, Tenchi and the girls returned from a day in town with
 Tenchi's father. Nobuyuki went into the living room to watch TV and was 
 happily surprised to see the young woman lying naked on the sofa, the 
 blanket having been kicked off at some point. She was glistening with 
 perspiration and looked like she'd been having a nightmare. She'd need 
 comforting, Nobuyuki reasoned as he took her in his arms...

 "Where'd dad go?" Tenchi asked as he and the girls put away the items
 Nobuyuki had bought.

 A moment later, they heard a girl's indignant scream followed by the
 form of Nobuyuki flying backwards out of the living room unconscious. He
 hit the ground near them.

 "Dad!" Tenchi gasped. "What the..."

 The chestnut haired girl came out of the living room a moment later,
 looking utterly livid with rage. Her eyes were blazing with her anger
 and her hand was still balled up into a fist.

 "Try that again, mister, and I'll give you more of the same!"

 Ryoko walked in carrying a bag of expensive and fragile equipment.

 "YOU!" She shouted, seeing the girl. Ryoko dropped the bag, the expensive
 equipment breaking as it hit.

 Tenchi winced as he heard it. "Ryoko!" he warned her, too late.

 Now that Ryoko could see more of the girl, she was feeling a little foolish
 and that didn't make her happy. At first she had thought the Galaxy Police
 Operative she'd met back in 1970 had somehow come back to life and had
 returned to arrest her, but now she could see it wasn't him.

 "Do I know you?" Meiru asked, confused. The girl was fleetingly familiar,
 but Meiru couldn't put her finger on where she'd seen her.

 "No." Ryoko finally said after a long pause. "You don't. I thought I had
 recognized you, but you're not the person I thought. So who are you?"

 "I don't know." The girl broke down in tears. "Yosho's been calling me Meiru
 for the last hour, for the sake of convenience, but..."

 "It's all right." Ayeka told her as she carefully hugged her.

 "Hey!" Washu broke in. "I've got an idea!"

 "What is it?" Ayeka asked.

 "Ryoko. Why don't you and Ayeka take Meiru into town for a bit. You can 
 buy her some new clothes and have dinner at the pub."

 "That's a great idea!" Tenchi agreed. At least it would get Ayeka and
 Ryoko out of his hair for a while.

 "And leave you alone with Tenchi?" Ryoko inquired.

 "No way!" Ayeka agreed.

 "I'll go!" Mihoshi invited.

 "Thank you, Mihoshi." Washu smiled.

 "Oh, its no problem. I really want to see that new singer. I hear he's 
 really cute!"

 "He can't be cuter than my Tenchi!" Ryoko argued.

 "What do you mean *YOUR* Tenchi?"

 The two women began drawing upon their powers.

 "Let's get out of here." Meiru suggested, a little fearfully.

---

 -PART II: Idol Singer Naoki-

 Naoki brushed aside the makeup crew with a not-quite-human growl. It wasn't
 that he particularly minded the small amount of powdered foundation he was
 forced to wear. That was just another disguise. And it was for the cameras,
 since his own skintone was too pale to film properly. He never wore it off
 stage however, that was one rule he stuck to. Whatever film crews wanted
 to photograph him off-stage would just have to do with whatever they got.
 He just didn't like having several people apply it. He had been a master of
 disguise for years and he could do this himself.

 "Five minutes." His agent called.

 He touched himself up, making sure it looked perfect, then joined the band
 that was onstage.

---

 Meiru and Mihoshi walked into the same night club where Naoki was singing.
 He was onstage when they arrived, singing powerfully.

 Mihoshi sighed. Tenchi was cute and all, but something about this boy, 
 perhaps the confident way in which he moved, or the power he put behind
 his words, as if he wanted the whole world to hear them. She looked at 
 the entertainment card on her table.

 "Naoki Kokomori." She read. As the singer went on, she found herself
 daydreaming of her and him together, perhaps walking along on a warm
 sandy beach, hand in hand, kissing under the moonlight, or even making
 gentle love in the waves.

 "Mihoshi?"

 "Huh?! Oh!" Mihoshi blushed. "Yes?" She looked up and saw the waitress
 looking down at her.

 "What would you like?" she asked, winking at Naoki as he continued to 
 sing.

 "Naoki." Mihoshi sighed, before she could stop herself. She blushed even
 more than before.

 "Every girl in town wants Naoki Kokomori." the waitress winked. "However,
 he's not on the menu.

 Mihoshi giggled, awkwardly. "I'll have the pan-fried seafood dumplings."
 she finally decided.

 "Excellent choice." the waitress smiled. "And you, miss?"

 Meiru looked up. "I'll have the katsudon." she replied.

 "Good choice." The waitress sauntered off to get the drinks, winking at
 Naoki as she passed the stage.

 Naoki, who knew she had a bit of a crush on him, nevertheless went on 
 singing. She wasn't in his future plans, and his life was complicated
 enough as it was. He was still an operative; being cloned in human form
 didn't change that. His base of operations had changed, now, but he still
 fancied himself a Galaxy Police operative, though in truth to them Trakal
 was dead and Naoki had no more legitimate claim to his title than his son
 would.

 Mihoshi thought he looked familiar, but couldn't place him. Indeed, if her
 brain weren't so easily addled, she would've recognized his appearance as
 matching that of a popular-but-shy boy in the class she subbed for in 1970.
 There was one difference, the boy who had been in the class had eyes that
 were rather unusual, star-grey in color, they had pupils that were slitted
 rather than the normally rounded pupils of his classmates. But Naoki's 
 eyes were royal blue and the pupils were perfectly normal.

 Mihoshi swooned when those eyes fell upon her, their blue depth penetrating
 her very soul in a manner that, in her mind at least, was nicely erotic.
 She blushed and wondered if she should tell him how she felt, but when she
 finally screwed up the courage to look up, he'd already moved on.

 Naoki finished his song and bowed, slightly, to his fans, then returned to
 his dressing room.

 "The crowd loves you." his manager told him.
 "Yeah, whatever." Naoki shrugged it off. This was only a temporary job,
 after all, until he could find some real work. He thought about the faces

 he'd scanned in the audience. Mihoshi had been there. Maybe, he thought,
 the Galaxy Police were back in swing? Maybe they knew who he was, or at
 least had been and had sent her to inform him of some pending case? No,
 he decided, scolding himself, that was silly. They wouldn't know who he
 was, wouldn't send him on a case if they did, and if it were important 
 enough for him to be sent on it, they wouldn't send the message via
 Mihoshi. Chances were that Mihoshi was merely a fan and had come to see
 him sing, nothing more.

 But why did Mihoshi have to bring *her* along?



 "That girl," The manager asked, as if reading his mind, "she your sister?"
 "She is not, and I'd rather not talk about her." Naoki seethed.
 "She looks so much like you." The manager apologized.
 "Obsession manifests itself in many strange ways." Naoki pointed out. "She
 probably had herself made up to look like me. And speaking of obsession, is
 it really neccessary for me to practically throw myself at the girls in the
 audience?"
 "Its just for the image. To make you more appealing to the audience."
 "I'm already appealing enough." Naoki pointed out. "And its degrading
 besides."
 "It works, though. Did you see the way that blond girl reacted when you 
 made eye contact like that?"
 "Mihoshi's always like that.  She's got a perpetual case of deer-in-the-
 -headlights syndrome."
 "Mihoshi? You know her, then?"
 "She's an old acquaintance." Naoki shrugged. He got on his hat and coat
 and made for the door, only to find Mihoshi and Meiru standing there.
 "Oh wow!" Mihoshi was nearly falling over herself. "Its you! Naoki
 Kokomori! This is just so exciting! I can't wait to tell everyone I met
 the cutest guy in the world and oh! I can't believe I said that to you, I'm
 so embarrassed!"
 "Oh, shut up." Naoki muttered, a little louder than he actually meant to.
 Mihoshi, of course, started to cry.
 'Oh, hell.' Naoki scolded himself. Out loud he told her "Mihoshi, I'm sorry.
 I did't mean to snap at you. I just had a long night, that's all."

 "Oh..." Mihoshi brightened. "Okay then! I ... HEY!" she blinked. "How did
 you know my name?"
 "Your friend called you from across the room earlier." he reminded her.
 "Oh." Mihoshi giggled. "Oops! How thoughtless of me! Meiru, I'm sorry, I
 should've introduced you sooner but he's just so cute and..."
 "It's all right." Meiru smiled, lowering her eyes.
 "I'm busy at the moment." Naoki said, curtly. He turned and walked off 
 leaving Mihoshi and Meiru standing there.
 "He wasn't very polite." Mihoshi muttered.
 "Its all right." Meiru assured her. "Let's just forget him and go home. I'm
 tired."

----------------------

 Naoki rolled over in his sleep and clutched his pillow tightly. Sweat beaded
 on his forehead from his nightmare. Why did she have to come back into his
 life? Why now, of all times, just after the death of his wife and daughter
 in an automobile accident. They'd been buried less than a week and now this
 girl was back. A girl so obsessed with him that she had changed herself to
 look like him.

 The nightmare continued, imagines he couldn't explain, two beings, nightmare
 creatures one humanoid in size and shape, one not unlike a living shadow,
 both in combat, the shadow emerging victorious, then beginning to take over
 the entire world, blocking out all light until he was engulfed in its
 darkness. The other figure turning into a ball of light, dividing into
 two figures, indistinct to his eyes at first, but becoming clearer, then...

 He woke with a start, some inner defense mechanism waking him before he 
 could see the figures. He was still sweating, the dream still nagging at
 him.

 His manager ran in. "Are you okay?"

 "I'm fine." Naoki lied. "Go back to sleep."
 "All right." His manager was too tired to make an issue of it. He realized
 that Naoki was getting worse every day, snapping at those guests this
 evening, and still having nightmares that he would not speak of.

Naoki tried to stay awake, to avoid the nightmare, but in the end, sleep
claimed him and once more the dark dream returned...


 -PART III: Nightmare-


At Tokyo Tower's observation deck, a young-looking creature, one who
roughly resembled a bat wearing what looked sort of like a policeman's
uniform, and armed with some strange cybernetic weapon leaned on the
railing next to one of the tarp-covered windows, his visored eyes trained
on the skies outside, ever vigilante, ever dutiful.

Incredibly stupid.

"Get out of there, you idiot!" Naoki's mind shouted in the dream. "You
can't handle him alone!" He had always screamed that, out of instinct, as
if some subconscious force were forcing the scream out of him.

But the figure didn't respond...

...or maybe it couldn't.


As Naoki watched the figure, in the way, he now realized, that Scrooge had
watched the events of that fateful Christmas Eve alongside the ghosts of
Christmas past, present, and future, as only an observer who could not 
interact, could not affect the course of events, something akin in
appearance to a comet flew by in a circle, then crashed into a lower part
of the tower. Naoki could hear its deep, evil voice, but not what it was 
saying. And then the other figure, the vile shadow who seemed to radiate
evil the way the sun radiates heat, was there, its hand reaching out and
ripping the right arm off the other figure.

For some reason, Naoki felt a sudden sharp pain in his own arm. It wrenched
him awake and he sat up in bed, panting, trying to catch his breath. He
looked down at his arm and, for a split second, was surprised to see it for
some reason. He calmed himself, then stood up and looked at himself in the
mirror. Everything was as it should be, he decided, yet he had a nagging
feeling that something about his appearance was very very wrong. Some
instinct told him that it had something to do with his nightmares.

 -PART IV: THE ENEMY-

The tracking systems on planet earth completely failed to register the 
arrival of the small vessel. That's how he wanted it. Kiasa smiled as

his DNA scanner picked up the trail he'd been on for years now, ever
since that cursed Galaxy Police jerk had ... he slammed his wrought-iron
hand down onto the glass table, shattering the table into a million
splinters. The Galaxy Police were at fault and this particular operative 
was going to pay dearly for Kiasa's losses.

He was in his late twenties, maybe early thirties, and had once been
beautiful, with long flowing silver hair, a well-shaped face, and a
pale complexion which gave him a wraithish appearance. His pale blue eyes
were a perfect compliment and gave him the appearance of a snow god.

At least they had until...

His scarred face twisted into a mass of rage and hatred. He took out a 
holopicture of a young woman. She was very beautiful and he looked upon
her with a sort of sad contentment.

"Shiari," he told her, "you will be avenged. I promise."

                             




                                           


