Well, here it is. This is my newest fanfic. I am doing this one on Nagi because she happens to be one of my favorite Tenchi Muyo characters. This story explains how Nagi came to know Ryoko and her all around life. This story is by REPTILE118@aol.com. Enjoy!


The Life Of a Bounty Hunter


Chapter 2: New Foes for a Long Time

        "Ryoko, eh? I believe I've heard of you before. Don't know where..."
        "You don't? Well, I can assure you thats alright," said Ryoko. "What is your name, if you don't mind me asking."
        "My name? Well......" Nagi stopped for a minute. If she had a bounty on her head, Nagi wanted it. But, maybe her name would scare her. "My name.....is Nagi."
        "Nagi?" Ryoko shuddered. "Well, nice to meet you, Nagi. I've heard about you. You're a bounty hunter, correct?"
        "Yes, I am a bounty hunter," Nagi was surprised this lady hadn't run out the door by now. Interesting. Maybe she wasn't wanted afterall. "And what do you do?"
        "I do many different things. Usually to whoever pays me the most," replied Ryoko.
        "I see," spoke the bounty hunter.
        "Well, I must be going now. Nice meeting you," said Ryoko as she walked off.    
        "Bye," Nagi spoke in a cold voice.

        
        
        Nagi ordered a few more drinks and then left the bar. Ken-Ohki followed her and then transformed in his spaceship form. As Nagi boarded, she noticed that she was getting a universal-letter. She was very surprised at what it said:

        Nagi:
                    I hear you are the best bounty hunter around. I have heard of many of the famous bounty's you have brought in. Thats why I am coming to you. I have been recently robbed, by a imfamous space pirate that stole many things from me. So, I am hiring you to bring her in. Contact me ASAP if you will take the bounty. Name your price. The space pirates name is: Ryoko.


                                                                                Het Jine

        

        "What?!" roared Nagi. "I was just talking to her! The biggest bounty of my life and it was right under my nose!! Ken-Ohki, we MUST find her!"
        "Meeeoooww!!!" Ken-Ohki replied.
        "Try to see if you can find a spaceship like you," ordered Nagi.
        It took a few minutes untill Ken-Ohki found something. It wasn't much, but it would do. A spaceship like Ken-Ohki, only black and a little smaller, was a few planets away. It would take a bit before they would reach it. But, if that was her, Nagi would be rich.
        "Alright, Ken-Ohki, lets go get this bounty!" Nagi cried.

        Nagi and Ken-Ohki had just spotted the planet and scanned for Ryo-Ohki. She wasn't in her spaceship form. But, Nagi went down to the planet anyway.
        She and Ken-Ohki started to look around the planet. Like the last one, it was a planet with alot of crime. Not a vacation spot. As she passed a bar, she saw a wanted poster for Ryoko! It was said that she was also wanted by the Galaxy Police.
        "Wow," said Nagi. "She's a more wanted than I thought."
        Nagi ripped off Ryoko's picture and took it with her. She went into a local bar and had a drink.        
        "You," Nagi finally asked the bartender. "Have you seen this person around here?"
        The bartender walked over to her and looked at the picture. "Yeah, she was in here about a hour ago and ordered a few drinks and some food."
        "WHERE'D SHE GO?!" Nagi asked in a extremely loud voice. She grabbed the bartender bu the collar. "Do you know who I am?"
        "N-n-n-o-o-o-o..... WHO are you?"
        Nagi pulled down her hood so he could see her face fully. The tender looked at Nagi with horror and fear. He had heard of this being many times, but not in a popular way. More like hushed in whispers...
        "No, I'm sure you know who I am... Where did this person go?" Nagi asked again.
        "T-h-h-h-a-a-a-t way.... Heading East.... On foot......" The bartender managed to say.
        "Thank you."


        
        Nagi walked around in the city. It was pretty big. And like most of the places she went for bounties......dangerous. But she didn't seem to mind. She knew how to take care of herself. Bounty hunting was not a safe job. She strolled around the streets, looking for some leads. 
        "Maybe she's not here anymore Ken-Ohki. May-" but she was cut off. Just as she said that a building a few hundred yards away, blew up. Then, she saw someone run out of the building. No, FLY out of the building. Anyone with standard human vision wouldn't have been able to see who that was. But Nagi was stronger than the standard human, quicker, smarter, and her senses rivaled the senses of 5 cats. She saw who it was.
        It was Ryoko.
        "Ryoko!" Nagi shouted.
        The person turned around, and looked at Nagi. Nagi ran toward Ryoko, and then stopped about 7 feet away from her. 
        "So, you figured out who I was huh?" 
        "You are very cleaver. Most space pirates a usually dumb. You were smart. I give you credit for that. But nothing else. There is a HUGE bounty on your head, and which I intend to take in. You can run all you want, but I will get you. It would be alot easier on yourself if you just gave up now."
        "Sorry, I don't give up that easily. You are supposed to be incredibly strong. Let's see how true those rumor's are."   
        "That is a mistake. Those rumor's are all false," Nagi said with a grin. And then, she whipped out her sword and threw what looked like the blade of her sword in a energy form at Ryoko. "I'm much stronger."
        Ryoko flew towards Nagi with a energy sword in her hands. Nagi jumped out of the way and sent a blast of energy from the tip of her sword. It hit Ryoko dead on, and she fell to the ground. 
        "For the bounty this person is paying me, I thought you would be more of a challenge!" Nagi taunted.
        "Whatever your employee is paying you, it had better be worth your life!" shouted Ryoko as she flew towards Nagi and at the last-minute teleported!
        "Teleportation?! She's more than I thought she would be. But that's half the fun!"
        Nagi turned around just in time to see Ryoko try to hit her, but she blocked and kicked her in the chin. She spun around, and kicked her in the ribs. 
        "Aaarrrughhhh!!" screamed the space pirate. She summoned a energy ball and threw it to Nagi. The energy ball hit Nagi right in the center of her body and she went flying.
        "Nice......move....Ryoko.....But it's going to take more than THAT to stop me!" Nagi took out her sword and a small energy blast came from the tip of the sword. 
        Ryoko jumped right above the blast and formed a energy sword.
        "Take this Nagi!" Ryoko raced toward Nagi. 
        "Fool...." Nagi said under her breath and Ryoko raced toward her. She quickly pulled out her whip. She flung it right at her wrist as pulled on her whip. Ryoko lost all control as Nagi started to fling her all around in circles. Nagi let the whip break hold of Ryoko's wrist and Ryoko went flying and crashed into a building.
        "Damn you Nagi," Ryoko said in much pain. "I'll get you for this!"
        "I doubt that you'll live that long the way you fight."
        "You think so? I didn't get that huge bounty on my head by sweet talking."
        "Atleast, not MOST of them."
        Now Ryoko just forgot the pain she was in and leaped at Nagi. Nagi jumped up out of the way, and shot out her whip and Ryoko's kneck and pulled on the whip.
        "Nauci!" was all Ryoko could say since Nagi was choking her.
        "Well, Ryoko. It looks like your pirate days are over," remarked Nagi. She pulled Ryoko over to her. But, Nagi wasn't paying attention to the sky....
        "Ryuo.....Ohki!" Ryoko yelled.
        "Ryuo-Ohki?" Nagi looked up and saw a spaceship right above them. it looked sort of like Ken-Ohki, but was black instead of white. Nagi had heard of this ship. It was Ryoko's. Now Nagi remember a few hours ago when Ryoko told Nagi her ship's name, "Ryo-Ohki?!"
        "MIYAAAAA!!!" shouted the spaceship. A beam came from the bottem of Ryo-Ohki and pulled Ryoko up!
        "No!" Nagi tried to pull Ryoko out of the beam, but it was too strong for even her. Nagi was pulled up by the beam as well! 
        "MINNNNYYYAAAA!" roared Ryo-Ohki. But something was else forming from the bottem of Ryo-Ohki. Her main lasers. 
        "Now, Ryo-Ohki!" Ryoko commanded. The grip on the whip was not very tight now. A single blast from Ryo-Ohki went right past Ryoko and went to Nagi!
        Nagi put all her energy into her shield and the blast only partly hit her. But it was good enough..
        "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!" screamed the bounty hunter as the laser hit her, causing pain beyond belief.
         The whip came off Ryoko and the blast threw Nagi into the ground and formed a huge hole, with Nagi in the center!
        "Bye Nagi," Ryoko said to herself as she got on Ryo-Ohki. "No one could've survived that blast."
        "MEEEOOOW!" Ryo-Ohki cheered and the two zoomed away thinking they left Nagi for dead.
        


        "Uhhhhhhh," moaned Nagi, trying to wake up. Had she survived the blast? She couldn't feel some parts of her body. But she felt something on her cheek. Something furry...... 
        "Ken-Ohki, is that......you?" asked the bounty hunter in a voice just above a whisper.
        "Meeoow," replied Ken-Ohki. He butted her cheek lightly with his nose. 
        "I guess I found a bounty that's more of a match for me than I though, huh?" she asked him. She started to get up. Nagi found it had to believe that she was still alive. She wondered how many bones she'd broken.
        As she got up, she noticed that blood was dripping down her legs and arms and head. She groaned and climbed up the hill.
        "Sharoow?" Ken-Ohki asked.
        "Good question..... should I keep trying to hunt her?"
        "Sharem," Ken-Ohki commented.
        "Yes, she's very cleaver. I'll go and continue to hunt her. But first, I think I should find a doctor. I'll probably do most of the healing, though."
        Nagi and Ken-Ohki climbed out of the hole. She saw a few people looking at them. It really didn't surprise her. She had been hit by a spaceship's main laser and was sill alive.
        "Let's go, Ken-Ohki!"
        "Shaaaaroooo!"
               Ken-Ohki transformered into his spaceship form and then Nagi boarded him.
        "I want to get that bounty for her, Ken-Ohki. She's one of the very few who have escaped me. Do a full galactic search for her. Do whatever you need to, Ken-Ohki. What she did to me is not good for someone with a rep like mine," Nagi said, emotionless. She didn't like to show emotions. It made her easy to be defeated. That couldn't happen. Nor would she feel any other emotions such as love. It was a lesson she learned so long ago.....



        Meanwhile, on Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko was cursing to herself. "Nagi! The best bounty hunter in the universe and she decides to come after ME! I knew I was a big-time pirate, but for someone like Nagi to come get me was like fighting the Jurain army or the Galaxy Police. She's a one women army!" Ryoko continued to yell. "How could I've been so foolish to let HER get to me?"
        "Miya!" cried one of Ryo-Ohki's crystals.
        "True, I DID manage to escape her. And kill her. I will probably go down in history as the person who killed Nagi, the best bounty hunter and one of the most powerful people in the universe. That'll teach the Galaxy Police to come after ME."
        "MINYA!"
        "Glad you agree, Ryo-Ohki. Now, let's go rob a ship and get some food to celebrate our victory: The two beings in the universe who had been able to fight, escape, and kill the best bounty hunter around! So long, Nagi!"

        Ryo-Ohki and Ryoko and found a nice ship and took most of it's goods. Ryoko forgot about how she had acted before, and reminded herself that she would never see Nagi again. 
        "Well, that was good food, Ryo-Ohki. Too bad they didn't have any good drinks."
        "Meow!"
        "Ofcourse. Let's find outselves a nice bar. Maybe in a hotel. We deserve it."
        But Ryoko had a slight feeling that Nagi wasn't dead. That she had just gotten herself into a mess and that good and bad would come to it.


        
        Now, something else was happening that concered them all. First Class Detective Kiyone was reading a report that had just came in. Her eyes were wide. She was shocked.
        "Nagi had been killed? Was that even possible?" Kiyone asked herself. 
        "Who knows?" said a voice from behind Kiyone. 
        "Oh, Chief! I was just reading this report. The most wanted space pirate, Ryoko had encountered Nagi? I knew she was a most wanted, but for Nagi to come after her? Must've been another bounty not put out by us."
        "Right as usual, Detective. They say that Ryo-Ohki fired a single blast at her. It didn't get her all, but that would've worked nicely.  Some that they actually saw Nagi climb out of the hole the blast made about a hour or two later. If she did, well, that would make headlines from here to Jurai."
        Kiyone nodded her head. "So, is there any special reason you sent me here, Chief?"
        "Yes, there is. I want you to go and check out what happened. Get as much information you can about the fight. We also received a report a little while ago that Ryoko had robbed a spaceship with food. Probably to celebrate the death of Nagi."
        Kiyone was a little depressed. She hoped she would be appointed to track down Ryoko and bring her in. Oh well. Kiyone said it could've been worse. Atleast she wouldn't be with her.
        "Very well, chief. I'll do my best to collect as much info as I can."
        "In other words, your usual self. OK, just try to be careful. It's a dangerous planet. Oh, and one more thing. Your partner, First Class Detective Mihoshi is waiting for you by your ship, Yuzo."
        Kiyone dropped to the ground. NOT  her! OF ALL THINGS!! IT'S NOT FAIR! though Kiyone. Not after their last assignment. Kiyone almost started to cry right infront of her chief.



        Back on Ken-Ohki, Nagi was reading the Galaxy Police report about what had happened earlier. This was the most useful thing Ken-Ohki had pulled up so far.
        "So, they think I'm dead? All the better. Ryoko won't be expecting me. And neither will the Galaxy Police if it comes down to that. Have you found anything else, Ken-Ohki?"
        "Sharo."
        "Good. Let me see it." A screen popped up infront of Nagi. It showed that a spaceship that had been robbed a little while ago. It was by Ryoko. "Celebrating my death, huh Ryoko? Well, I hope you've seen ghost before. Ken-Ohki head toward the spot of the crime!"
        "SHAAARROOO!" 

        A little while later, Nagi came across the scene of the crime. There were a few Galaxy Police ships. Nagi stayed well out of sight and sensors. Ken-Ohki brought up what the GP officers were doing. 
        They seemed just to be looking around and asking questions. As usual, Ryoko didn't leave much of a trail. Atleast, none that the officers could spot. But, that's why they had people like Nagi, to do the job the Police couldn't.
        "Ken-Ohki, check for any ships that went by in any directions within the past 4 hours. Try local log ships or sensor's log. Hack if you need to," Nagi commanded.
        "Yaaaaa," replied Ken-Ohki.
        "Also see if any bars have a ship responder that they log what ships go into their bar."
        "Sharrroooow!"
        Nagi waited a few minutes untill Ken-Ohki came up with something. It showed that a bar not to far from where they were had Ryo-Ohki come in. It was a private bar, where the ships could stay there while the owners went inside and had a drink. It was a expensive bar, since most don't offer 'parking'.
        "Well, she really out did herself. Once I take her in, I could take whatever money she stole and still had on her," Nagi commented. "Alright, Ken-Ohki. Let's head to that bar. I want her. My side is still giving me lot's of trouble and will probably screw me. But I want her. Bad."
        "SHAAAARRROOOO!!"



        "So, as she has my neck, Ryo-Ohki hovers above us. She picks me and Nagi up. Then, a blast comes from Ryo-Ohki and hit's Nagi dead-on! Whatcha think of that?"
        Ryoko was in one of the most expensives bar's around. Alot of people were listening. Some didn't believe that Nagi could be dead. Alot were celebrating. 
        "So, she's finally dead. I guess I can forget about that bounty on my head. No one else would try to get me," said one pirate.
        "Same here. That's a load off my back!" said another one.
        "Let's thank Ryoko for this 'gift' if that's what we can call it. Three cheers for Ryoko!"
        "Hip-hip-horray! Hip-hip-horray! Hip-hip-horray!" shouted the crowd. 
        


        "Alright, listen up, Ken-Ohki. When I go inside, you are to fly cover for me. If  Ryoko does manage to escape me, then I want you to trap her. Use your tracter beam, if you must. And make sure that her damn ship, Ryo-Ohki doesn't get in the way," commanded Nagi.
        "Yaaaa!"
        "Good." And with that, Nagi left Ken-Ohki to cover her back and went into the bar.



        "Well, now I'm a free pirate. I doubt anyone would come after me. After what I did to her," Ryoko boasted.
        "No once except me," said a cold voice from the doorway of the bar. In the doorway was a dark figure, with a hood over her face, and a cape around it. There was a sword sticking from the waist. And a small device hanging from the left leg. 
        Almost everyone jumped up at the sight of the figure. Espically Ryoko. 
        "Nagi......" Ryoko muttered.
        "Yes. Thought I was dead? Shows that everything you see isn't true."
        Now, the whole place was emptying out. Gangs and rich people and even the bar tenders were leaving. They knew better than to stay around when Nagi was around. Espically when she was after a bounty.
        "I'm going to take your head, Ryoko. I'm not going to let you go. Never."
        "We'll see about that." And then, Ryoko let out a blast at Nagi. She counter-attacked. A blast from her sword came right at Ryoko. She didn't have enough time to avoid the blast and it connected dead on.
        "Aaahhhh!" screamed Ryoko. The pain was bad. But she got back up, and formed a sword this time. She would attack 
inclose. But that was a mistake. Nagi whipped out her sword and it landed right on Ryoko's. CACHANG!! went both the swords.  Nagi then lifted her sword up and shot a energy blast out of it. It made contact with Ryoko's back. She fell down, leaving herself to Nagi's mercy. 
        "That's enough from you," Nagi said. She aimed her sword at the back Ryoko's head. "Don't move."
        "You think you can stop me? You're wrong."      
        "You think? I have you laying in front of me, my sword at the back of your head...."
        "Doesn't matter," as Ryoko said that, she turned around, and kicked Nagi in the stomache. Ryoko got up and summoned a blast. It left her hand, and went right past Nagi. She teleported out of the bar, and with that, the whole place went up in a big explosion.
        But with all the smoke, Ryoko didn't see Nagi step right behind her and a blast from Nagi's sword sent Ryoko into the bar's rubble.
        "Your powers seem to have little effect on me. I am much stronger," explained Nagi.
        "Sh-h-u-t up and.....fight!" 
        "That's good enough for me," Nagi replied. And with those words, Nagi threw down her sword.
        "Heh. Not a good move," Ryoko said, observing the situation. 
        But Ryoko had no idea what Nagi was about to do. All that she saw was a small energy ball form at Nagi's hands. But it got bigger, and bigger.
        "Here, try some of this!" Nagi let go of the ball and sent it flying in Ryoko's direction. Very fast.
        Ryoko jumped up, dodging the ball and lunged for Nagi. But the bounty hunter had intended on that. Because right after Ryoko jumped, Nagi's energy ball connected with an object, and the blast was HUGE!
        BOOOOOOOM!!! And then, Ryoko was swallowed with the flames from the impact. Nagi watched it all happen in seconds, remakring at her own wit. 
        What a fool. She should have thought about that small idea of a blast. But it's too late for that. Now I just have to find her carcas.
        Nagi walked over to where she had last saw Ryoko, but found nothing. Nor nothing around it. Impossible! thought Nagi. But now she realized what could've happened. She turned around, and saw a blast coming right towards her. She jumped out of the way, and ran at the sender. But when Nagi was finally able to see from all the smoke, she saw Ryo-Ohki heading out to space.
        "DAMN!!" cursed Nagi, as she saw Ryoko escaping. "I will have you yet, Ryoko! I swear, I'LL GET YOU!!"


 Well, thats all for this chapter.  Please send me email about this story if you have anything to say at REPTILE118@aol.com or at Kaiju_sama@hotmail.com.  I really can take whatever you throw at me. ^_^ I would also like to thank AIC and PIONEER for giving us Tenchi Muyo! and Nagi. Nagi, Ken-Ohki, Ryoko, and Ryo-Ohki are copyright to AIC and PIONEER and this is for entertainment use only, and I'm not making any money off it. Anything not metioned in the Tenchi Muyo! series OAV's 1-13 (And Mihoshi Special), Pretty Sammy OAV, Pretty Sammy TV,  Tenchi Universe, Shin Tenchi Muyo!, Tenchi Manga, Tenchi books, are copyright to ME!