The Life Of a Bounty Hunter
By Anthony 'Kaiju' Garafalo (Reptile118@aol.com)

Chapter 1: All in a Days Work

(Note: This takes place in the TV universe and about 4 years before Ryoko and
Mihoshi lands on Earth)

        Ken-Ohki zoomed in outer-space, chasing a smaller ship. It was a
pathetic chase, since the smaller ship hadn't fired at them once. Although, it
was a pretty fast ship, so, Nagi was entertained.
        "Alright, Ken-Ohki, now, FIRE!" Nagi's voice shouted.
        Ken-Ohki let out a roar of lasers that nearly destroyed the smaller ship.
It went twirling out of control, and when it made it's first try to counter-attack,
half of the ship blew up.
        "Looks like we destroyed his lasers, huh, Ken-Ohki? They bounty didn't
say alive, correct?"     
        "Meowrrr," Ken-Ohki let out a unsure voice.
        "I'm almost sure of it. Now, destory that ship so we can end this game
and let that person die in peace."
        Ken-Ohki let out another blast of lasers, scroning the smaller ship. More
of it blew up. Nagi was amazed that the ship was still working. It spun around
more, almost crashing into Ken-Ohki! They moved slightly and then shot more
lasers. More of the ship blew up. Again, it spun around, out of control.
        "As soon as that ship gets into range, finish it off, Ken-Ohki!" shouted
Nagi. This person sure had some guts to stand all of this.
        Ken-Ohki opened fire a few seconds later. The ship tried to avoid the
blast, but it was no use. The lasers struck the ship and blew up. Nagi was
amazed that the ship went that long. Probaly it was mostly armor. Oh well. 
        "Thats another bounty that we got. I guess I'm known as the best bounty
hunter around, eh?" Nagi spoke to Ken-Ohki, with a small crackle.
        "Sharom," Ken-Ohki added to what Nagi said.
        She laughed, "Right, WE'RE best known as the 2 best bounty hunters.
But more or less, you're still my ship, and my only friend," spoke Nagi, softly.
She smiled.
        Nagi searched the space. She wondered why she had taken this bounty.
Why hadn't that person fired back untill it was too late? Well, she got herself a
bounty, and thats all there was to it. Ken-Ohki turned around and went to
collect the bounty.


        "Thats NOT what the price said when I accepted this bounty! I'm
demanding full price!" Nagi shouted to her employee.
        "I'm sorry, but I found out that it WASN'T the person who did what I
though. And for your troubles, I'll pay you half-price. If you have him with you."
        "No, I don't have him with me. I killed him in a small, yet pathetic battle.
I could have gone out after others while chasing this false one!"
        "Then I'm sorry," the man walked away, and has he elft his office, he
asked Nagi a small favor: To leave.
        As Nagi left the building to the outside world, she got even madder. She
knew this whole building was own by her employee, and that he had a very little
bounty on his head.
Nagi borded Ken-Ohki and gave the command to shoot the building. Just as
Ken-Ohki was about to shoot the buildings, some other ships came up from
behind her and opened fire!   
        "Who are these people?! Ken-Ohki, leave this planet then shoot them
out of the sky. Then, destroy the buildings," Nagi gave her orders. Ken-Ohki
took off, and within seconds, was in space.
        The other ships still fired. Shen counted them. Four. Interesting . . . .
Ken-Ohki opened fire, and immediately took out the 1 ship. They weren't as big
as Ken-Ohki, but the weapon's worked nicely. Ken-Ohki shot again, blowing up
part of the second ship blew up, but as it spin, it crashed with the third ship,
both of them blowing up. 
        "This is Nagi, the bounty hunter. I will spare your life if you leave now.
How ever, if you do not, I will kill you," Nagi spoke. Then, her image dissapeared.
The other ship opened fire again.
        Nagi gave that ship a quick death and laughed. The smoke covered the
space around her. Nothing new to her. Ken-Ohki quickly went down to the small
planet, ready to take out the building.
        
        "OK, Ken-Ohki, fi-huh?" Nagi didn't believe what she saw: The whole
building was in rubble! Then, she saw another ship in the distance. She couldn't
see it clearly.
        "Damn. Ken-Ohki, follow that ship!"
        "Yaaasheee," replied Ken-Ohki. But before they could get anywhere, that
ship opened fire!
        The blast were strong. She couldn't get through them. The ship quickly
blasted off out of sight. Nagi wished that she had seen the ship, or ended the
last battle earlier. She decided to take a break and find a local bar on this
planet. 

        A half-hour later she found a town. She got out and wandered around,
with Ken-Ohki in his cabbit form, at her side. She soon found a bar, and went
it. She ordered a drink. She liked being out of her ship, with her able to use her
sword or whip, or any of her weapons. It's what made her the best bounty
hunter.
        "Hello," a voice said from behind her. Nagi turned around.
        She saw a female behind her. The same hight has her, with spiky blue
hair. She was wearing a outfit of a dress with just the front, with red, blue and
orange. She also had a earing in her right ear, that looked like a gem.
        "Hmmm. Who are you?" asked Nagi. This person looked like she was the
one for trouble.
        "Thats of none importance. I was sitting at my table and I noticed you
had the same animal as me," the young lady pointed to hers. It was smaller
than Ken-Ohki and had black fur instead of white. I
        "I see. And what is your's called?" Nagi questioned.
        "Her name is Ryo-Ohki. Whats yours?"
        "His name is Ken-Ohki." 
        The young lady sat next to her. "My name is Ryoko."


 Well, thats all for this chapter. I am working on the 2nd one now. Please send
me email about this story if you have anything to say at REPTILE118@aol.com. I
really can take whatever you throw at me. ^_^ I would also like to thank AIC and
PIONEER for giving us Tenchi Muyo! and Nagi. Nagi, Ken-Ohki, Ryoko, and
Ryo-Ohki are copyright to AIC and PIONEER and this is for entertainment use
only, and I'm not making any money off if.