(NOTE: It helps to see 'Tenchi TV episode 18: No need for Ghosts' to 
truly get this)

PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
Neverending Dream

A Ghost. A Spirit. Whatever you may call it, it all comes down to one 
thing. I am dead. Struck down at an early age by a foe I cannot recall 
anymore. Perhaps I once knew, or maybe I just pushed it from my mind. I 
don't really know, or particularly care. A long time ago, my life came 
to an end, and my dream began. 

I suppose the best way to describe me would be a Poltergeist, but it's 
so impersonal. I can create whatever I wish just by thinking of it. I 
can mold my environment to anything my heart desires. Yet, I am stuck 
here. In this pit of a starship, forever lost among the asteroids of the 
Sargasso Sea. The backwaters of the Universe. Where no one will ever 
know of me. I suppose somewhere there is a record of this 
flight.Somewhere I am included in a long list of those lost in the 
accident.However, that is all that remains of me outside my domain. Just 
a name in a, most likely, forgotten computer. 

Only once did a light shine for me. A supernova in an otherwise dreary 
existence. One like, but also unlike, me came to this place. Sasami. It 
is such a beautiful name. She was such a beautiful person. So carefree 
and compassionate, with a streak of youth that couldn't be denied. I 
can't help but love her. To worship her thoughts and her memory. 
Everything that she was is now part of me, and I love her for that. I 
hold a fond wish in my heart that someday we might meet again. I realize 
that it is probably futile. When she passes on, she will go to a much 
nicer place. While I will still be here. It saddens me, and I cling to 
her essence all the more to smother the pain. The loneliness and 
solitude. 

I hope someone else will come along and be my friend. Someone for me to 
play with, or just talk to. New places and new experiences to explore. 
New ideas and amazing new adventures though the mind of another. To go 
with them to a realm they can only recall in their dreams and fondest 
memories. It is all I want to do, and all I feel I am here for still. 
So, why doesn't it happen? Am I being punished, or tested? For what? Why 
must I be stuck here? Why can't I join the rest of my people? Whoever 
they are, or were? 

'Why' is a very powerful query, not to be taken lightly. It is usually 
the hardest to answer, and the most difficult to comprehend. I suppose I 
should just stop asking, as it does no good anyway. Yes, I will stop 
asking. I shall just accept what hand fate has dealt me, and try not to 
fold. Someone very important to Sasami and her friends once said "Time 
is short, but we will live our lives to the fullest, I promise. That's 
all that really matters.". If such a simple concept can pertain to life, 
can it not pertain to death as well? Is there really any difference? 
For, all I know of life is in a dream. And death is the neverending 
dream. I guess there really isn't a difference after all. 

END

NOTE: I realize the movie doesn't fall before this story in the 
continuum. Sue me.