Disclaimer: I do not, nor do I claim to own any of the characters 
represented in this fan fic. All of these characters and their situations 
are owned by Pioneer and AIC. Please don’t sue me for infringing 
on copyright laws because I am just trying to have a little harmless 
fun with one of my favorite anime series :) Besides, it’s not like I have 
millions of dollars lying around the house to pay for a law suit anyhow, 
so there really would not be any point.

This series is based on the ideas started in the OAV series and Mantasu 
No Eve, the second Tenchi movie. I have tried to keep the series at the 
same maturity level set by this series, so be advised that there may be 
some mature material here, but nothing that a 16 year old could not 
handle. Enjoy!  	

			  Never Ending Dream
	
Chapter 1 - The Plan

	She flew over the rocky landscape, energy sword in hand, 
searching for her intended victims. Out of the corner of her eye she 
spotted a small child running near the edge of  the cliff. She flew in 
for an intercept coarse with a slight smile on her lips. The little girl 
let out a small whimper as she saw the demon headed toward her. 
"Please stop," she cried with tears in her eyes. For a second, only a 
brief second, the child could see regret plastered all over the demons 
face but, just a suddenly as it had come, it was gone. And then it was 
all over, the little girl was sliced across the stomach spilling out her 
insides. Her now dead body spilled over the cliffs onto the shore bellow 
creating a dark red stain on the sandy beach. 
	"Prepare to die, demon," screamed an old man coming at her 
with a pitch fork.
	The demons face was completely emotionless as she dogged the 
awkward trust with all the grace of a great hunting cat. She flew high up 
into the air while creating an energy ball in her left hand. She hurled it at 
her attacker blowing him to bits with ease. She looked back at the town 
she had just demolished and gave a maniacal laugh which seemed almost 
inhuman. There were bodies scattered all over the village, men , women, 
and children alike. All of the buildings that were not on fire at this point 
were nothing but ash lying on the ground. Blood was everywhere, giving 
the town a crimson glow that could be seen from afar. One man began to 
crawl over to the demon woman who was just sitting there still as stone.
He was coughing up blood and holding a near mortal wound that had
been inflicted on his right side. 
	"Why! Why would you do such a horrible thing," he yelled at 
her. The man had tears running down his checks, "That was my daughter 
you just killed. You killed my whole family!". The demon had tears 
rolling down her face as well, yet her expression remained the same 
as before, completely blank and uncaring. She drew up her sword and 
paused for a second, more tears descending from her golden eyes. She 
tried so hard not to listen, but she was not strong enough. With a primal 
scream she plunged her energy sword into the mans back and through 
his chest. He continued to cough up blood for a few seconds more and 
was then silent. Without a word the demon simply turned and phased 
away into nothingness.

----------------------Back at the Masaki home------------------------

	Ryoko was tossing and turning in the middle of one of her 
nightmares. She had been having more then her fare share of them 
lately and had not been getting very much sleep because of it. 
	"Noooooooooooooo," Ryoko woke screaming in a cold sweat. 
In her sudden frenzy she lost her balance and fell off of the rafter where 
she slept and hit her head on the floor with a thump.
	She sat there for a moment with tears in her eyes, not because 
of the physical pain of falling, but because of the emotional trauma the 
dreams always brought her. It was always the same when this happened, 
she would sit there for several minutes crying, hoping that someone 
would hear her and come to soothe her, while praying that she is not 
found in such a fragile state. She was still far too proud to admit to 
anyone, mush less herself, that she needed someone to talk to. She never 
had a friend growing up, in fact, she could not even remember her own 
childhood. Her earliest memories were of Kagato hurting her, making 
her hurt other people. He made her destroy everything that she loved, 
so many people, so many lands. Just thinking about those horrible 
memories made her shudder, so she sat there on the floor curled up in a 
ball holding onto her legs for what seemed like hours, praying for the 
memories to go away. She needed a friend desperately, but could not 
let anyone see her in such a pitiful state.
	‘What is wrong with me,’ she thought to herself, ‘I am Ryoko, 
the invincible space pirate, laying on the floor crying like a little girl! 
I have to be strong, that is what I want them to see, that is what I want 
Tenchi to see. The absolute last thing I want him to do is pity me.’
	After a few minutes, which seem to last an eternity to her, she 
stopped crying and got up to get a glass of water. She could not go back 
to sleep, not after what had happened.
	"I know, I’ll go see what Tenchi is doing," she though to herself. 
That always seemed to put her mind at ease.
	She phased into his room to see the brown haired boy sleeping 
peacefully under his covers. His breathing was so rhythmic, so peaceful, 
and it seemed to relax her. It took her back to a better time, a time when 
she would watch him play outside of the cave she was imprisoned in. 
She loved him with all of her heart, he was the first one to look at her 
without fear in his eyes. She remembered when he was a little boy 
strapped to the back of his mother, she had found a way to project her 
astral form outside of the cave, but no one could see her, except for 
Tenchi. When he first looked up she had believed it to be nothing, 
but as she moved he followed her. She then went up to him and moved 
her finger back and forth, Tenchi responded by following it with his 
eyes and giggling. 
	Ryoko smiled, but a tear came to her eye when she remembered 
the reason for her being imprisoned in that cave to begin with, Kagato. 
Yosho, Tenchi’s grandfather, had chased her down to Earth and stuck 
her in that lonely cave because of what Kagato had made her do. She 
let out a small whimper and Tenchi began to stir.
	As he opened his eyes he saw a fuzzy image before him, but 
was still to sleepy to discern what it was. He rubbed his eyes and shot 
up in shock when he say the cyan haired woman standing before him.
	"Ahhhhhhhhh," he screamed jumping out from under the 
covers. 
"Ryoko," he said in a stern voice, "How many times do I have to tell 
you..." He would have continued to scold her but he noticed the 
moisture on her checks.
	"What is wrong Ryoko, were you crying?", he asked.
	"What, no, of coarse not Tenchi," she said, feigning a smile, 
but Tenchi saw through it.
	"What is the matter Ryoko, you know you can tell me."
	"Nothing is wrong I said! Jeez, Why the hell are you so 
concerned about me all of the sudden anyway!?,"  she yelled.
	Tenchi was a little thrown off by her response and decided it 
best to let the issue drop. "Okay," he said, "But I want you to remember 
that we are friends, and if you ever have anything you need to talk about, 
my door is always open."
	"You know I don’t use doors Tenchi," joked Ryoko trying to 
lighten the mood.
	"Yea, I noticed," said Tenchi looking at his door which was still 
locked from when he had gone to bed last night. "What time is it 
anyway?"
	He looked over to the clock which said 4:30 AM. ‘Jeez,’ he 
thought, ‘Well, it’s too late to go back to bed, besides, I am wide awake 
now.’
	"Hey Ryoko?"
	"Yes Tenchi?"
	" I think I am going to take a bath now, I’ll see you at 
breakfast, okay?"
	"Why don’t I join you Tenchi," she said with a sly look on her 
face.
	"Uh, well, you see.." Tenchi began to ramble, his face turning 
a little red. 
Ryoko just started to laugh. "I think I’ll take this one alone." he said 
running out the door. Ryoko sighed and laid down on his bed.
	She loved to lay on his bed after he had just been sleeping in it, 
it made her feel secure. She could inhale his scent and feel the warmth 
of the covers that he had been laying in. After a few minutes exhaustion 
began to overtake her due to the lack of sleep she had been getting lately 
and she fell asleep dreaming pleasant dreams of her and Tenchi being 
together.
	Down in the basement of the Masaki household a little red 
haired scientist was hard at work attempting to figure out what exactly 
was wrong with her daughter as of late. Washu had felt the pain that 
Ryoko was feeling night after night through the telepathic link they 
both shared with one another. Normally, despite what everyone else 
might think, she liked to stay out of the affairs of her daughter, 
especially when it came to something as personal as her dreams. This 
time, however, Washu could feel the incredible pain that her daughter 
was going through and thought it best if the number one genius scientist 
in the universe step in to lend a hand.  She really did care about 
Ryoko after all, and after 5000 years of not being there to help her, 
Washu was egger to show her how much she really does love her. 
	Tenchi sat back in the bath allowing the warm water to sooth 
his sole. He soon found his thoughts drifting back to Ryoko though. 
She had not been acting much like her cheerful self lately and, as 
much as he minded her "cheerfulness", he could admit to himself that 
he kind of missed the old Ryoko. Sure she might glomp him all the 
time and sneak up on him scaring him half to death, but that is what 
makes Ryoko, Ryoko. And he didn’t like seeing her sad.
	‘I’ve got to do something to cheer her up’, he thought, ‘but what 
can I do?’. With nothing coming to mind he decided it was to early to be 
thinking this hard anyway, but later he was going to think of something 
to raise her spirits.
	Tenchi returned to his room 20 minutes later to find Ryoko asleep
in his bed. His heart grew heavy when he saw how peaceful she looked. 
He carefully brushed some stray hair away from her face and pulled the 
blanket up to her chin. He could see how exhausted she was and decided 
it was best to let her sleep.
	"Sleep well Ryoko," he whispered.
	He figured as long as he was up he could catch some TV before 
having to go off to work in the fields. Maybe he could make breakfast 
for everyone to give Sasami a little break as well. He thought better of 
it though knowing that his food would likely have everyone throwing up, 
or passing out, or both. On his way down the stairs he was ambushed 
by a small child with spiky red hair.
	"Oh Tenchi, won’t you come down to the lab with me?" she 
said in a somewhat nasal voice, "There is something I could use your 
help with."
	Tenchi knew what Washu "needed help with" but figured it was 
better to go willingly because if he didn’t she would likely just tie 
him up and take him anyway.
	"Sure little Washu, I’ll be right there."
	"Great!" exclaimed Washu.
	Tenchi looked at the familiar machines as he walked through 
Washu’s seemingly endless laboratory until they reached a place where 
Tenchi recognized all too well.
	"Now just hold still Tenchi, this won’t hurt a bit." Out of no 
where a group of tentacles grabbed Tenchi holding him by the waist, 
arms, and legs to the point that he could not move.
	"Washu! Let me go, you know I don’t want to give you that 
sample," Tenchi screamed.
	"This is not about the sample Tenchi," Washu said, her voice 
was gravely serious.
	"What then?" asked Tenchi, completely confused.
	"I wanted to talk to you about Ryoko, Tenchi. have you noticed 
that she has not been acting quite like herself lately?"
	"As a matter of fact I have noticed that. I was getting worried 
about her myself."
	"And what do you think is wrong with her?", Washu ask 
quizzically.
	" I have no idea," said Tenchi.
	"Well, unfortunately, I do. I am not ready to tell you all of the
details yet, that is something she is going to have to do in time, but I
will let you know that she has been very depressed as of late. She is not
eating very much, she seems to be drinking a lot of sake, even for her, 
and she has not tried to seduce you in quite some time now."
	"And what do you think I can do about it?" asked Tenchi 
confused.
	Washu raised an eyebrow, "You can’t be serious; you really 
don’t know what you should do?"
	"No," Tenchi said hesitantly.
	"Take her on a date of coarse!" Washu said enthusiastically.
	"A-a-a-DATE!" said Tenchi horrified.
	"What is the matter Tenchi? Don’t have the balls?" she asked. 
She then went up to Tenchi, who was still just in a robe, and grabbed his
crotch.
	"Washu!" yelled Tenchi.
	"Nope, that isn’t the problem," she said with a smirk, "Maybe 
you don’t have the guts, would you like me to check and make sure they
are still there too?"
	Tenchi cringed at the thought of that, "No, I would not! That 
is not the problem either."
	"Then why are you so against the idea anyway?", she asked.
	After a little thinking, okay a lot of thinking, Tenchi could not 
come up with any answers. In fact, the more he thought about the idea
the more he liked it. He had built up an automatic defense system that 
just goes off whenever he heard the words "date" or "marriage", but upon 
thinking about it he began to believe that a date with Ryoko could actually 
be a lot of fun.
	"Okay, Washu, I’ll take Ryoko on a date," he said.
	"Great!" replied Washu. With that all the restraints holding 
Tenchi down disappeared without a trace, leaving just him and Washu 
in the empty lab. "Now don’t worry about Ayeka or any of the other 
girls, I have made certain that they will be out of the house very early 
today. Mihoshi and Kiyone will be out on patrol all day, and I have 
personally arranged a visit to Jurai for Ayeka, Sasami, and myself. Oh,
and you don‘t have to worry about you chores today either. Your father, 
Nobuyuki, is at work and Lord Katsuhito is in Tokyo on important business.
I talked to him before he left and he agreed to let you off the hook for 
today if you work extra hard tomorrow," Washu said with a wink.
	"What about Mayuka?", asked Tenchi.
	"She is coming with us of coarse!" beamed Washu, "She’ll have
fun, and with Sasami and I there she will be in good hands."
	"Alright," said Tenchi knowing that Washu was more then capable
of handling Mayuka for a day.
	"And Tenchi," Washu said in a sweet and innocent voice. "Don’t 
screw this up."
	"What do you mean Washu?" Tenchi asked.
	"You know exactly what I mean. Don’t treat this like some stupid 
chore that you have to do. Have fun and, above all, make sure that she has 
fun. I can’t tell you what is wrong with her but I will tell you that she 
desperately needs a friend right now; she needs you Tenchi." Her voice was 
very serious as she said the last comment. Tenchi could tell that this was 
not another one of her experiments, but something that she really did 
feel strongly about.
	"Sure Washu, and thank you."
	"Sure thing!" Washu said smiling, "Please don’t tell Ryoko that
this is my idea either. She is going to be ecstatic just at the fact that 
you are asking her out on a date. It would break her heart to know that you 
were put up to it."
	"No Problem Washu, it will be our little secret."
              As Tenchi left the lab Washu was absolutely beaming with 
enthusiasm. She had finally done something good for her daughter without 
any of her selfish ambitions getting in the way. She is not going to pry, 
she is not going to experiment, she is not even going to peak at her 
daughters thoughts through the telepathic link which they shared. 
	‘This day is going to be just perfect,’ she thought to herself. 
	Tenchi exited the lab intending to go up to his room to 
change when he heard noises coming from the kitchen. He poked his 
head in to see Sasami cooking up a storm.
	"Hey Sasami," he said, "good morning."
	"Oh, hi Tenchi!" she said in her normal cheery voice, "Did
you sleep well?"
	"Very well, thank you," he replied.
	Sasami was one of the most cheerful people Tenchi had ever 
met in his life. She would work endlessly preparing meals or doing chores
around the house and never complain about it, not even a little bit. And 
what is more then that, her food was absolutely delicious! She is, bar 
none, the best cook that Tenchi, or any of the other girls for that matter, 
had ever known.
	"Can I give you a hand in here Sasami?" he asked.
	"Well, actually I am almost done with the meal, but you can go
and wake everyone up for me if you want to."
	"Hmmm, well dad and grandpa are not here right now. Dad 
left early to go to work, he says he has a big project that needs his full 
attention, and grandpa left for Tokyo very early this morning. He has 
to meet with the local priest there for some reason. Oh yea, and Ryoko 
did not get a lot of sleep last night so I am not going to wake her up 
quite yet."
	"Awwww, and I made all of this food special today because we are 
leaving," Sasami said disappointed.
	"Don’t worry Sasami," Tenchi said, "there is still Ayeka, Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, Washu, and myself. I am sure that the others will love it even 
when it is warmed up as well."
	"Okay!" Sasami said suddenly cheery again.
	Just then Ayeka came down the steps in her traditional violet
kimono that she always wore, followed by Kiyone and Mihoshi, who 
seemed as if she was only half awake.
	‘Come to think of it, it is always like she is half awake,’ Tenchi
chuckled to himself. 
	"Good morning Lord Tenchi," greeted Ayeka, "I trust you had 
a pleasant night."
	Ayeka is the first crown princess of Jurai, and holds up those 
standards perfectly. Tenchi found her to be one of the sweetest people 
alive when she was in a good mood, but when she was angry she had 
a mean streak that is rivaled only by Ryoko. She was very polite and 
respectful, but Tenchi found that, at times, he was very uncomfortable 
with the way that she acted. When he was with her he always had to 
be so politically correct that it made him feel that he could never share 
his feelings with her. On the other side of the argument, she was 
always very optimistic and supportive, and always there to lend her 
help when it is needed most. She seems to have an inner strength that 
is unmatched by anyone in the galaxy and , though she seems meek 
on the outside, her spirit is too strong to ever be tamed. 
	"I did Miss Ayeka, thank you," he said, "I was just coming to get
all of you, Sasami has breakfast ready for us. She prepared a feast since 
you are all going to be leaving today." 
	 Just as he was about to enter the lab to search for Washu, the 
petite scientist popped out the door smiling broadly. Tenchi could tell 
that she was very happy about something, and he thought he knew what 
it was.
	They all sat down to the wonderful meal that Sasami had laid 
out for them. Every kind of food imaginable was there. Sushi, rice balls,
noodles, dumplings, assorted eggs and vegetables, a few different types
of soaps, and lots more. She had truly outdone herself this time. Everyone
dug in immediately without even a word. After a while Ayeka was the 
first to speak up.
	"And why has that monster woman not graced us with her 
presence today, not that I am complaining or anything," she said.
	"She is still sleeping, I thought it best not to disturb her," 
Tenchi replied.
	"Oh, did she have a little too mush sake last night again, she
has been doing that a lot lately," Ayeka was quick to point out.
	"I know she has Ayeka, but today she is just tired, not hung 
over." Tenchi said just a little annoyed.
	"And where are Nobuyuki and Yosho today?" asked Kiyone 
trying to change the subject. Luckily for all of them, it worked.
	"Tenchi says that Nobuyuki left for work early because he 
has a big project to finish and Yosho left also because he has to meet 
an other priest in Tokyo today," Sasami answered.
	The rest of the breakfast went by pretty uneventfully except for 
when Mihoshi got a piece of fruit stuck in her throat forcing Kiyone to
give her the Heimlich maneuver before she ran out of air. With the 
catastrophe averted, Kiyone proceeded to get Mayuka to give her a 
bottle before she and Mihoshi left on the Yagame.
	"So why are you going to Jurai Ayeka?" asked Tenchi more
to make conversation then out of actual interest.
	"Well, it there is a diner held once every decade on Jurai called 
the Decades Banquet that is designed to commemorate all of the deeds 
that have been done by  the royal family in the last decade. It is a very 
formal occasion and is taken very seriously on our planet. I do wish I 
could stay here with you Lord Tenchi, but my father would be absolutely 
furious with me and Sasami if we did not attend," Ayeka explained.
	"Everyone is going to be there," Sasami explained, "this is 
one of the biggest events in the galaxy!" It was obvious  to Tenchi 
that Sasami was really looking forward to going. "Plus I get to see
mommy again!" she said in a very happy voice.
	"Oh yes, that’s right, I had forgotten about that part," 
Ayeka said with contempt in her voice. Everyone else simply chuckled
at the memory of Ayeka’s  last meeting with Misaki.
	"And since everyone will be there this is a wonderful opportunity 
for me to see all of my friends at the science academy that I have not seen
since I was kicked out," Washu put in.
	"Well it sounds like you guys should have a wonderful time," 
Tenchi said.
	"Yes, we will, thank you Lord Tenchi," answered Ayeka.
	"What time should I expect you back?" asked Tenchi.
	"Well, the diner begins at 7 and should last until about 10, 
so we should be back around 11 depending on traffic," she said, "A lot
of people will be attending this reception, but we should not get held 
up for that long."
	"Well, we have to be going now," said Kiyone coming down 
stairs after changing Mayuka’s diaper, "we’ll see you all later tonight.
Have fun at that diner you were telling us about!"
	"Wait Kiyone, I don’t have my uniform on yet!" whined 
Mihoshi from the other end of the kitchen.
	"Mihoshi I swear that you are hopeless!" yelled Kiyone 
grabbing her partners arm and dragging her out the door.
	"Bye," everyone said in unison.
	After breakfast was done they all thanked Sasami for the 
wonderful meal and went to get ready for the trip. Since Tenchi did
not have to do his chores today he offered to do the dishes for Sasami 
knowing that she would have to pack for their journey. Sasami thanked 
him for the much needed help and went off to her room to pack her
things. As Tenchi was doing the dishes his thoughts began to wander 
off. He was thinking of what in the world Ryoko would like to do on a 
date. The more he thought about it the more he realized the he knew very
little about the things that she liked to do.
	‘Hehe,’ he thought, ‘I don’t even know what her favorite color is,
much less what she likes to do for leisure.’ He thought of all the things 
that he liked to do when he went out. ‘We could go bowling, but that really 
wasn’t a date activity, and can get kind of boring as well. We could go see 
a movie, but she does that all the time here. She would not see that as such
a special thing.’ Then an idea struck him.
	‘Yea,’ he thought, ‘that would be perfect! It is not too expensive, 
and it is lots of fun! Now I just hope she likes the idea.’
	Then his thought process was interrupted by Sasami who had 
come in to help him with the dishes.
	"I’m done my packing Tenchi, so I can finish those if you like,"
she said.
	"No thanks Sasami, I am almost done anyway. Why don’t you 
go into the living room and relax a little bit?"
	"Okay," she replied and left carried Ryo-Ohki on her head.
	As Tenchi finished the dishes he looked at his watch. ‘9:00,’ 
he thought to himself. ‘They should be leaving for Jurai soon.’
	Walking into the living room he noticed Sasami and Washu 
standing by what looked like a small portal with all of there bags in 
hand. Washu also had baby Mayuka strapped tightly to her back. 
	"Will you guys be leaving now," he asked.
	"Yes," Washu replied, "Sasami is looking forward to spending
a day with her family and I am very eager to see Jurai again. It has been 
a long time you know. I am sure Ayeka is looking forward to going 
home as well."
	"I most certainly am," said a voice from somewhere over near
the steps.
	Tenchi glanced over to the stairs to see Ayeka in one of the 
most gorgeous outfits he had ever seen in his life. She had on a 
silver gown with light blue streaks running from the shoulders to 
her knees. The gown was sparkling with some dust that made it look as
if it was covered in diamonds. She had a beautiful light pink tiara on 
her head, and wore white velvet gloves that went up to her elbows. Her
shoes were of the same color as her dress and she had glitter running 
through her hair.
	After more then a little gawking Tenchi looked to Ayeka and 
said, "Wow, you look wonderful."
	She blushed a little, but had secretly hoped for this type of a 
reaction. "Thank you Lord Tenchi," she said, "Are you sure you won’t 
come with us?" she added in a hopeful tone.
	"No, thank you, I have lots to do today and grandpa would be 
upset if I didn’t complete my chores," he lied.
	"Very well then," she said a little disappointed at his 
response, "We should be leaving now." 
	"Yes, we want to get a early start and I am sure that Tenchi 
has a busy day ahead of him as well," Washu remarked with a wink
that only Tenchi picked up.
	"Goodbye Lord Tenchi, I will see you tonight!" said Ayeka.
	"Goodbye Ayeka. Goodbye everyone!"
	"Bye!" they all said in unison as they stepped through the 
portal that would lead them to Ryu-Oh.
	"Well," Tenchi said to himself after they were gone, "I guess
I should go and wake Ryoko up. She’ll want to make as much out
of today as she can."
	He proceeded up the stairs and into his room. He leaned 
against the door so that it would not make a sound as he opened it.
Slowly creeping up to his bed he gazed down upon Ryoko’s sleeping 
form. For a few minutes he just stood there watching her breathe, he
did not know why but for some reason he just wanted to. 
	Listening to her rhythmic breathing he began to feel relaxed. 
	‘No wonder she likes to watch me sleep,’ he thought to himself, 
‘Maybe I should go easier on her next time I catch her.’
	He leaned over close to the edge of the bed and gently shook 
her. "Ryoko," he whispered, "It’s time to get up." He heard a little 
groan come from her lips, but it was not discernable so he decided
to keep trying. "Hey Ryoko, you need to get up now."
	"Noooooo," she groaned as she tried to make out who exactly 
it was speaking to her; and how the hell did they get up on the rafter 
anyway?
	"Come on Ryoko," he said a little more forcefully.
	"Just a little longer," she pleaded. Then she started to put
things together.
	‘A mans voice... must be Tenchi. Up on the rafter? Oh No!’
she thought, ‘I must have fallen asleep in his bed! he is going to be 
pissed! He doesn’t even want me in his room much less in his bed, 
oh I hope he’s not mad.’
	She forced open her eyes to look at the blurry figure standing 
over her, waiting for them to confirm her fear. Then Tenchi’s face 
came into focus.
	"Tenchi!" she gasped not knowing what to say, but she 
thought that she had better start apologizing before her started yelling. 
That is one thing she didn’t need to hear right now. "I’m so sorry Tenchi, 
I didn’t mean to, please don’t yell at me, it just happe..." she stopped 
when she saw the smile on his face and then looked at him confused.
	"Ryoko," he started in a firm tone, "we are not going to be able 
to go on our date if you don’t get up."
	"What!?" she exclaimed, too dumbstruck to move.
	His smile returned, "I said that if you sleep all day we are not 
going to be able to go on our date."
	"You really mean it!?" she said excitedly.
	"Yep," he said "but if you don.." he was cut off by the giant
bear hug that Ryoko embraced him with. He let her hug him for a little 
while knowing what kind of excitement she must be feeling, but then 
began to notice one small problem.
	"A---A----AIR!" he spat out. As she released him he fell to 
the ground gasping for that ever so sweet life giving substance that
he had been denied. Suddenly she got very worried.
	Thinking she had just lost her only real chance at a date with 
Tenchi she started to ramble, "Oh I’m sorry Tenchi, I promise I won’t 
do it again, please don’t change your mind about the date!" 
	Tenchi could see the fear in her eyes and gave her a comforting 
smile. "We’re still going on that date, just next time you hug me, try 
not to do it so hard, okay?" he asked.
	"Okay!" she said as excitedly as before, but this time she 
made no move to hug him. "I’ll go get changed right away!"
	‘This is going to be perfect!’ she thought to herself.
 	"Wait a second Ryoko, it is only 9 in the morning and you
haven’t even had breakfast yet. We have plenty of time so why don’t
you go get something to eat. Sasami made tons of food for us today,
and a lot of it is still there."
	"Alright Tenchi," she said.
	"I’ll meet you down there," he responded, and with that 
she phased out of his room with a very happy smile on her face.

End Chapter 1

Well, that is all for now. I apologize for the shortness of this chapter,
I originally had it 4 pages longer, but upon reading it back I 
realized that it was retelling the whole OVA series, and I really wanted 
to avoid doing that. I had considered adding more at the end but I 
like this ending and wanted to save the date for the next chapter.

I love feedback, please send any of your comments or suggestions 
to robertwind@hotmail.com. Even if you don’t have anything to say 
just tell me that you read it, you don’t even have to say 
what you thought of it. It gives me a lot of inspiration knowing that 
my stories are being read, and hopefully enjoyed. If you have questions 
I will do my best to answer them. Please be patient in allowing me to 
get back to you however, I am not one of these people that checks their 
e-mail on n hourly bases :). If you leave your e-mail and request a 
response I WILL get back to you, just give me time. The only thing I 
do not appreciate is being flamed. Before you do that please consider 
the time and effort put into making these things. I do this because
I enjoy it, and because I believe other people enjoy it. If you don’t 
like it, give me reasons why to help me make the next chapters better,
don’t write me hate mail because it will just be ignored. If you hate it
that much then JUST DON’T READ IT!

If you would like to post this story one your web site, or use it for 
any other reason, please ask my permission first. I like to know 
where my story is and has been. 

I expect to have the next chapter out soon. Thank You!

	
