Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending: Tsunami, Musings of a Goddess
This is a continuation of "Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending." Although this 
takes place after "Katsuhito Learns to Live Again," there are things 
that happen before that time. I do not own or hold the rights to any of 
the characters or activities that have gone on through any of the TM 
episodes, as they are the Property of AIC and Pioneer. I want no money 
or fame out of this, nor do I want a lawsuit so please go easy on me.
**********
Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending: Tsunami, Musings of a Goddess
Eons, to many they are a thing of fantasy, as no one has ever survived 
long enough to see one. No one of the mortal class that is. But there 
are a very select few that have seen not only one eon but also 
multiples. One such being is currently thinking not of the eons past or 
future but of the days to come. Tsunami, the first Royal Tree, the 
goddess, the power of Jurai and the battle ship of Jurai sits alone 
thinking of what to do. In the ages past, one of her sisters forsook 
all that she knew and became as a mortal, but yet not a mortal. And as 
a mortal she had children, though not in the conventional sense of the 
mortals around her. For every year of her so called life in the mortal 
realm, her sister believed she was, and is just like them though very 
long lived.
Many times had her sister seen the births of stars and mortals, and 
many times over she's had to watch those very ones she saw born also 
die. As the years turned to hundreds of years then to thousands the 
cycle of birth and death became all too common. So much so that she 
lost her touch with her feelings and treated all things like an 
experiment. Even to the point of treating her sires or children as they 
are called, as if they too were experiments. For many years, Tsunami 
was intrigued about these people and her sister to the point that she 
decided to experience this herself. Her problem was that she could not 
leave her place or her people during this time, so a compromise was 
created.
During an attack on her planet, she allowed a ship to be hit and it 
crashed into the building where beloved children housed the Royal 
Tree's in. There the one she had chosen was talking to the trees. Why 
she was there she had thought noting of, only she had to be there. This 
was the part that Tsunami regretted the most. In the ages past regret 
was unknown to her as she had to plan things for the greater good, but 
this incident nearly took the life of a precious child. The fall should 
have killed many and in truth, none would have survived. The only 
reason this child did so was that it was Tsunami's choice that she 
live. As the child lay there in a puddle of her own, blood reaching out 
to the first tree and calling its name Tsunami was unmoved, though 
later she shed many tears over it. "Forgive me Sasami!" She had cried 
many times afterwards, and each time Sasami would forgive her.
The outside world lay in destruction and with her goal reached, Tsunami 
allowed the invader to be pushed back and forced to leave. The invader, 
the attacker and killer of so many also played a part in Tsunami's 
grand scheme, although the goddess had no direct control over her 
destiny. The invader was none other than the demon and Space Pirate 
Ryoko Hakubi, daughter to Washu Hakubi. This pirate was not driven away 
but led by an unknown force, yet she did not know it at the time. All 
to fulfil the wishes of not just one but two goddesses, the pirate had 
been allowed to attack and destroy much so that through her Tsunami 
could experience life as a mortal.
Once The pirate had been driven away Tsunami began to processes of 
assimilating or as others would call it merging with the child, a 
process that would take years to complete. The child was Sasami Jurai, 
Second Princess of the Jurai Royal family. The girl's older and only 
brother was Yosho Jurai, the First Crown Prince of Jurai and next in 
line to become Emperor if he would have been allowed to follow the 
paths set about by his parents. But Tsunami had other ideas for him, 
and he left Jurai to chase after a demon in a battle that he was 
destined to win, but never return from. Her plans had been set in 
motion and in order for them to work certain things had to happen and 
she would have a hand in many of them, such as then with Sasami. With 
the child near death and her mother frantically looking for her Tsunami 
began the process.
Her grand scheme nearly met a disastrous end when Sasami and her older 
sister left Jurai to search for Yosho. The process had barely started 
when the two children were put into a cryogenic chamber only to awaken 
years later. This had not been a part of her original scheme but she 
allowed it to happen. She allowed it so two of her goals were to be 
met. She had a plan for the pirate and for the prince, but this also 
gave her the chance to watch it unfold before her. The goddess had kept 
close tabs on her sister and gave her little pushes from time to time 
to ensure that both of their planes were met, but she could not reveal 
herself to her, without seriously damaging things.
And so it was that in the years past, Kagato captured Washu and her 
daughter Ryoko and he forced one into prison while he forced the other 
to destroy. But even as he tried to destroy, Tsunami found ways to use 
it to her benefit. Just like his attack on Jurai, she used him to allow 
her to sample mortal life, without becoming one herself. Not only his 
attacks on planets were used later for Tsunami's good, but also his 
attacks on the girl Ryoko. However, she used his attacks to not further 
her own good, but for the good of the girl Ryoko to experience later. 
Her sister had been against it at first, but had agreed that the girl 
had to go through so much in order for things to turn out the way they 
wanted it to. Tsunami is the one that had the master plan that she kept 
secret, and only shared parts of it with her sisters. One sister took 
Kagato and controlled his destiny, while the other controlled that of 
herself and Ryoko. Tokimi, the controller or Kagato had done her job 
well and often times nearly brought Tsunami's grand scheme to ruin.
Sometimes it was nearly lost completely, but for some strange 
circumstances, all was saved. Once such change in things was the girl 
Mihoshi. Her past and future were effectively blocked off from Tsunami 
but there was something in the girl that she recognized as the handy 
work of one of her sisters. Another circumstance was the strange 
tormenting of the girl Ryoko at the hands of her mother. Tsunami had 
seen that in order to keep all from failing she had to take action and 
so while others look back on that night as a strange twist of fate, 
Tsunami knew better. And later the girl Sasami knew better as well, but 
it was not by her plans or doing, as again one of her sisters had pre-
determined that this was to happen. It was strange feeling the things 
that the girl did and it filled her with great remorse and sadness as 
she looked back on all of her plans and she could name each and every 
one of the mortals that had died to fulfil her purposes. Some were 
willing and others knew nothing of her, yet it had to happen. The 
thought that it did happen and it turned out well did little to comfort 
her at times though.
Many things she had pre-destined to happen, however there were a few 
things that she was surprised about and were not a part what she had 
originally designed. One had been the strange ship that the pirate flew 
against Jurai was also able to transform into a small creature of sorts 
then later into a young woman. That same young woman who was called 
Ryo-Ohki in all of her various forms also became a part of Tsunami's 
plans in a very unique way. The goddess had planned on the girl Ryoko 
having a child later with the grandson of Yosho who was named Tenchi. 
Together the two of there were to have a son who was to be even more 
powerful than his parents.
However the two did not have a son, but a daughter, and the woman Ryo-
Ohki also married Tenchi and they were expecting their first child. The 
destiny of this child though was not revealed to the goddess no matter 
how hard she tried. Just like Ryoko, she could allow things to happen 
to them or around them so that her purposes were met, but another was 
controlling their destiny. Tsunami smiled, as she knew who had planned 
their lives, even though that very one at this moment did not know it.
There was one other that also had been affecting the lives of those in 
her care, but not ever would her powers allow her to see the mind of 
the one doing it. She knew the one, as it was unmistakable from the 
ages past from when the same one had down something before. That one 
was her sister the goddess Tokimi. Tokimi kept her mind hidden and only 
placed things in her families way or near them to cause them to react 
to it. Several times these things nearly caused all of Tsunami's plans 
to fail, but her family was able to pull through them. But no matter 
what she tried, she could not sense her sister's true intent though she 
knew that Tokimi was after the same thing, the child of Tenchi and 
Ryoko.
This child was no ordinary child but one that could be considered a god 
because of the powers that it would possess. Tsunami had integrated the 
Light Hawk into the defenses of Jurai to not only protect her people 
but to provide a source of everlasting power. Starting with Tenchi this 
power was then placed into a mortal, and thus began to change them. 
Already Tsunami could see that he was immortal like his wives were. 
However he being the first could only pull a certain amount of power 
before it overcame him and consumed him. Ryoko being who she was had 
access to the wings as well though she has to this date not discovered 
them, but like her husband she would not be able to handle much. Their 
child the second generation of the light hawk would be able to pull 
immensely more power, and Tsunami found it strange that she could not 
even guess how much power was possible. Combining Ryoko and Tenchi's 
powers into this one child it would be the fulfilling of the Light 
Hawk.
The Light Hawk was and is the ultimate in light power, or as some races 
called it the Supreme Being though it was no where near a god. It could 
not create, only protect. But this being still gave Tsunami and Sasami 
something to worry about. This would give it a choice over it's own 
destiny, even above her own which meant it could not be destroyed, or 
contained. She knew that this had to be what her sister was after, as 
this power could also be tainted and instead of protecting or giving 
life, it could easily take it away. Such was the contrast for the 
light. It can be bent but not broken though it can be tainted and 
turned evil.
However at this moment the child that so much rides on is cleaning her 
room. Rei Masaki, daughter of Tenchi and Ryoko has started growing into 
a young woman. She has recently turned twelve and the son of Ryo-Ohki 
just turned six. Even through there were some years between them Rei 
had taken it in stride and helped watch the boy as he grew. The fact 
that Ryo-Ohki had a child was an amazing feat in it self. Washu had to 
do a few operations and with a little cloning of parts from Ryoko, she 
was able to give Ryo-Ohki the ability to bear children. Just the fact 
that Ryoko willingly took part in this was a testament to how close the 
two were, and with Tenchi. Washu had explained that since Ryoko and 
Ryo-Ohki were both created using the Masu then only Ryoko could be used 
to generate the right parts needed, namely her ova and womb.
When it was explained to Ryoko what was needed she took one look at her 
family and said yes, no other persuasion was needed. She was nervous 
about being in the lab again, but for her family she would do it, and 
so not even a year after Ryo-Ohki had decided to have a child she was 
expecting one. Washu kept close tabs on her while she was not spending 
time with Katsuhito as the two of them had developed an interesting 
relationship. The two Masaki children were not only different because 
of their mothers, but Ryo-Ohki's daughter, Mia, had dark skin and 
silver hair. The child had looked human when she was born though her 
ears were a little longer than normal, as were her legs. With a bit of 
computer work Washu was able to tell that as she grew the child would 
be slightly taller than the rest of the family in leg height, but would 
remain about the same height as her mother. What could not be told was 
how many of their powers would the child posses.
As soon as each child became old enough, they began training with their 
parents and Katsuhito to hone their talents and test their abilities. 
Her parents, Washu and even their great grandfather Katsuhito could not 
even guess at what they would be capable of, and for that matter 
neither could Tsunami. She wanted to see their futures and destinies 
but for some reason, it was hidden from her. This is one of the reasons 
that she longed to tell her sister of her forgotten past. Sasami really 
wanted to tell but it was not her place to say it, nor was it the 
proper time, but that did not stop Sasami from asking Tsunami about it 
occasionally.
Shortly after Sasami's sixteenth birthday, the assimilation was 
complete. Tsunami was Sasami just as Sasami is Tsunami. This process 
also changed the princess so that she was immortal as well which meant 
that of those in the Masaki house only five were known to be immortal 
to the others in the house; Sasami, Washu, Tenchi, Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki. 
The others knew that their time was limited though most of them had 
extended lifetimes.
Nobuyuki was the only true human of the family and he was in his 
fifty's when he was bonded to Funaho. Those in the family even Tsunami 
they don't know it and you're making it look like it was her."
If a goddess were capable of fuming Tokimi would be. "I see. Very well, 
I shall tell you. No better, yet I will show you. Look back on the girl 
Mihoshi."
"But sister her past and destiny have been." She stopped suddenly as 
realization dawned on her.
"I have removed the block on her, you may examine her now." Tsunami and 
Sasami looked at the Girl Mihoshi, they could see her life and her 
experiences and it was apparent that Tokimi had been molding her for 
quite some time. "That girl had too much intelligence from her great-
grandmother So I had to block off her from it by giving her that I 
believe you called it "a bubble-head" mentality." They could now see 
how Tokimi had used her to make certain that Washu was released at the 
right time and how she used Mihoshi to make sure that no harm came to 
Tenchi because of Washu. Several times Washu had almost succeeded in 
destroying her own plans by her treatment of him. If not for Mihoshi's 
intervention then all might have been lost. Tsunami had never realized 
what would have happened if Washu had succeeded in getting that 
'sample' from him.
What surprised her most about the girl Mihoshi was not just the touch 
that Tokimi had on her but her heritage. Mihoshi was the granddaughter 
of Washu's lost son. Tokimi had her hand on the life of Washu's 
husband, so that at the appointed time he left her taking the child. 
The child grew and had the intelligence of his mother and her long life 
as well. Each successive generation though was shortened but still long 
lived.
"You've controlled her?"
"Not controlled, guided as you say. Having my hand directly on her 
would have alerted you to my presence. So, I merely guided her life and 
experiences. With her partner, they chased another I touched the Pirate 
Hisato. When she had served her purpose I released my touch and she 
rescued Kiyone and the two of them now live without the knowledge of 
what part they played for me."
"Have you released them all completely?"
"Why sister I am shocked." She said in mock hurt, which surprised 
Sasami. "I have released them, but I still hold claim to them. If they 
are needed, again I shall once more use them. But I fear I have told 
you too much, so I must be going." With that the goddess Tokimi left, 
but it left Sasami and Tsunami with more questions.
"How could she have controlled them without me knowing especially since 
they had been so close?" She asked herself. Not coming up with an 
answer she decided to just watch things closer as now she could clearly 
see everyone that had played a part in coming to this point in time. 
Though there were a few that still had something hidden, but Tokimi had 
not mentioned that she had touched them.
One was Ryo-Ohki, who at this moment was sitting on the floor with her 
daughter Mia in the Masaki house while Rei was busy cleaning her room 
while her mother looked on. Six years and one wall separated them at 
the moment. And though the two children were born with so much time 
between them, Rei really looked out for her sister. It was hard at 
first as she had been an only child and had the exclusive attention of 
her three parents, but then it all changed on her. The goddess watched 
with interest as the child went through several stages of jealously or 
envy to joy and protection.
Then in the distance she could see that Funaho had met up with a 
certain freighter and a reunion was being held. Mihoshi had finally 
found the freighter that her long lost partner lived on with her 
family. Until a few moments ago, the paths of Mihoshi, Kiyone and 
Hisato had been hidden but now she perceived much more and it troubled 
her some.
"Aki! Meg! Come back here now!" Bellowed Kiyone as she waited anxiously 
for the Juraian Vessel to dock with their ship. The ship had made 
contact with them about a month ago and has been making it's way 
towards them ever since. What unnerved her even more was that they 
asked specifically for her! The name of Masaki though she had not heard 
before so she wondered what they could possibly wants. To top it all of 
her daughter and her niece were just not paying attention to her again. 
Instead, the two of them were talking about some of the boys they had 
met.
"Akemi, I mean it!" She screamed again at her daughter. Out in the 
fringe systems it is hard to keep proper track of time but the two 
girls were now in their mid twenty's and giving Kiyone and her sister a 
hard time trying to keep them in line still.
"Oh mom, it's just a Tree ship, we haven't done anything wrong," she 
said with obvious disinterest.
"At least not yet," piped in Megumi with a sly grin that Kiyone 
immediately recognized as having the same sly qualities that her mother 
Hisato had.
The two of them had been dating and seeing some of the other boys on 
the ship, but thankfully they had not been serious about any of them, 
at least she hoped so. "I really don't want to know and."
She was cut off as a voice droned over the speakers in the room. "Jurai 
Tree Ship Funaho has now docked and the boarding ramp has been 
extended. Visitors are expected to board in moments."
There were a few tense moments as footsteps were heard coming up to the 
air lock. The boarding ramp, the lifeline of ships in deep space 
provided a way for crewmen and passengers to get from one ship to 
another. Luckily, there is rarely any passengers on a freighter besides 
the crew, but that was about to change. The door opened with a hiss as 
a man stepped into the room with Kiyone. The first thing she heard was 
gasps from her daughter and niece as they took in his looks. He was not 
tall, but he had a broad chest and looked to be very muscular with dark 
black hair.
"Excuse me I am looking for Kiyone, which one of you is her?" His voice 
was rich and warm, and if it had not been for her having a husband 
already Kiyone would have loved to take this guy out on a date, even is 
she was over twice his age now. She stepped forward as excited whispers 
were heard coming from the girls behind her. "You're Kiyone?" She just 
nodded still unable to speak. "My mom has told me many stories about 
you and it's a real honor to meet you! I was asked to bring you and 
your family aboard."
"Huh? Mother, what do you mean and who are you?"
"Oh I'm sorry, I'm Tenchiro Masaki, son of Nobuyuki and Mihoshi."
"Mihoshi!" She nearly screamed and suddenly she realized he had some 
Mihoshi's facial features and more importantly, he had her eyes. He 
just nodded as he motioned her to follow him. Without even a second 
though she raced after him. The two girls took a moment longer to 
realize what had happened before they too ran after Kiyone. The reunion 
was a teary one as Kiyone and Mihoshi were reunited after nearly thirty 
years of separation. Her daughter and niece though decided to spend 
their time getting to know Tenchiro and both were delighted to find 
that he was single.
Tsunami shook her head as she watched this reunion. She looked into 
their paths and saw that they would be spending a lot of time together. 
Only one thing caused her to frown over this though, and that was that 
Tokimi had claimed them so they were out of her grasp at the moment, 
though she hoped that nothing evil would come from it. Many times those 
that her sister had dealings with turned evil and caused a lot of 
destruction like Kagato. However there was one difference, with Kagato 
she actively used and controlled him, where these she just persuaded or 
pushed them in certain directions. This resulted in them keeping their 
own personalities, but having very little evil in them.
It was worrisome to the goddess though to think of why had Tokimi 
helped things along to make sure Tenchi and Ryoko had a child. She 
could see how Dr. Clay had been manipulated by her and how Zero was 
created at her command, but it was done to ensure that Ryoko and he 
came closer by forcing Ryoko's feelings into the open. The problem was 
that it worked nearly too good and the Zero unit almost failed in the 
goddesses mission. However, in the end it actually worked better than 
Tokimi had planned as Washu merged Zero and Ryoko.
Turning her attention back to Earth, she longed to tell her lost sister 
about her past, but the time was not yet right. Sasami though being 
connected to Tsunami still feared that all would be lost. One thing she 
did know better now was that since her sister Tokimi never took an 
active part in their lives then they may not have any after affects, 
but the reasons why she did that still were unclear. She suspected the 
reason is that direct involvement would taint them making them easier 
to detect as being in her hand, at least she hoped that was it. But 
Ryo-Ohki was still a mystery to her. Everything around her was blocked 
off from her sight. Only a few others had the ability to do that, one 
had just left and the other was at this moment having a rather 
passionate meeting with Yosho. Shaking her head, she looked to Jurai.
On Jurai Ayeka had settled into being the Empress almost right after 
taking her father's place. The Holy counsel had been adamant that she 
marries someone before becoming the Empress, but Tsunami had but a stop 
to that thinking rather quickly.
"Tsunami?"
"Yes Sasami?"
"Do you really have someone for her?"
"Yes, I have a plan. But she could not have come into it unless she 
went through the heartbreak. She has many trials and tears ahead, but 
she will be happy." Sasami looked with Tsunami into the future or her 
sister's life and it would not be long before Ayeka was to fall in love 
and marry someone. But he would not be a Juraian, but he would be a 
noble of sorts. The two of them smiled at Ayeka's future and Tsunami 
basked in the joy of Sasami. Though the two had long since become one 
they still remained separate so that they could talk to each other.
Sasami looked back towards Earth and she could see her family and 
friends there. They were happy and carefree now. "I wish they could 
stay that way."
"I know Sasami, I. I feel what you do for them. They do not know that 
is to come; though, I feel as you do. I wish that this did not have to 
happen to them." The two looked in on Rei Masaki, the first born the 
one who so much would depend on. But for now, the child could remain 
just as she was a child.
"When can we return her memories?"
"My sister's memories cannot be returned yet, but I feel. what is that 
Sasami, I am not used to it yet."
The princess laughed almost sadly, "It's being impatient. You may have 
lived for a few trillion years but I haven't."
"Oh you make me sound so old!" This time Sasami did laugh. The two had 
been completely connected for many years and since they were connected 
the Goddess Tsunami was introduced to many human traits, one of which 
was impatience and another was humor. These two seemed to be the most 
interesting to her as she got to understand how impatient Sasami was 
all those years ago when she would have a birthday party. Sasami would 
literally bounce in excitement, as she wanted so much to get into her 
presents. Tsunami being a goddess could have just looked at the 
presents and known what was in each, but it just would not have been 
the same.
It could have been days or weeks or possibly even months that passed, 
but in truth, it had been years. To one who is timeless time stops 
having a meaning. Sasami has grown accustomed to time seemingly flying 
by one moment then crawling by the next when in fact it was her focus 
that changed. Just as one might see things fly by on a fast moving 
merry-go-round if they were to keep their head looking straight out. 
But she wasn't looking just straight out, she was keeping her eyes 
focused on Tenchi and his family for short bursts and even while things 
seemingly flew by she was able to keep a close eye on them.
Tenchi with having become a man and a father had lost most of his old 
whining and whimpering ways when he practiced. He had become actually 
proficient in his swordplay so that his grandfather now father found it 
difficult to beat him. Many times, they would spar for hours and 
neither of them would score a hit on the other. Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki too 
had become very accustomed to sword fighting as well but they employed 
different tactics. Ryoko preferred to use two shorter blades while 
Tenchi used a single longer blade that he could hold with one or two 
hands depending on the need. Ryo-Ohki amazed them both, as she 
preferred to use a weapon employing two blades with the handle in the 
middle. Though she practiced with a wooden weapon her real weapon an 
energy weapon like Ryoko's but she continued to hold the center with 
the blades extending in both directions.
None of them would use their real weapons outside, as they preferred to 
use them in the room Washu provided for them. Rei after watching what 
her dad called cartoons had suggested to Washu that the gravity in the 
room be increased which that first time provided a lot of problems. 
However they got around it and even as Washu increased the gravity to 
ten time normal and beyond. Tsunami watched, as did Sasami, as the 
three of them became even stronger than before. Tenchi's children also 
became stronger as they grew.
"How much longer will we have to wait?" Sasami had learned patience 
though it was still fun to watch the exasperated look on the goddesses' 
face each time she asked. 
"Not much longer, you see the child has already become stronger than we 
thought, even though she has not generated the wings yet."
"Tenchi's hasn't used them much either."
"That is true, but they have not had a need for them. But he still 
practices with them."
"But away from everyone."
"Yes, they hold much power and could easily destroy anything, though 
the power is in them to create as well. He knows this and he will only 
allow himself to use them when there is no chance of another getting 
hurt."
"What about Ryoko? She should have their power too?"
"Only when she holds all of them gems, and the power is not hers, but 
our sister's."
Grinning the two as one looked back towards Earth, where Tenchi was 
enjoying some quiet time with his wives. Though there were no sounds or 
voices uttered the two knew that the three were deep in discussion as 
they normally were. It had been some time since Washu gave them a very 
interesting present. The three of them could now communicate mentally 
or as others call it telepathically. Washu after talking to them had 
devised a way to allow them to do that with relative ease. She had 
given them each a gem of sorts that was imbedded into them that linked 
the three of them. This had brought their relationships to a heightened 
level as not only did it allow them to just talk but to feel each 
others emotions and desires as well.
"They can't be separated can they?" Tsunami regarded Sasami and just 
gave her a slight smile as she nodded.
"The three of them are so devoted and connected to each other that it 
would be impossible for one or even two to live without the other." She 
could not be certain but she was sure that she was not far off on her 
assumption that their life forces had nearly become one, so that if one 
were to die it would devastate those remaining. However it also 
prolonged their life as well and if they had not been immortal before 
then they would definitely be now. As it was Tsunami could not even put 
a date to the end of their lives like she could for nearly every other 
being around. Sadly Nobuyuki and Mihoshi, even with their extended 
lives had a date which they would join his first wife.
"When can we restore her memories?"
"Sasami, it has only been a few years, give it time." Sasami just 
sighed and watched her family and friends growing old.
Until the day she was to join with Tsunami, Sasami had also been hand 
on the sleeping scientist's shoulder to wake her up.
Washu groaned and tried to swat the hand away, obviously not willing to 
wake up just yet. The goddess kept shaking her gently until her eyes 
slowly opened. Upon opening her eyes, she wearily looked around and her 
eyes finally settled on Tsunami, which only resulted in another groan 
from the scientist. "What do you want?"
Right before Tsunami was about to speak a male voice was heard, "Tell 
them to go away!"
The goddess looked up suddenly and noticed Yosho was sleeping behind 
Washu and up till now her hair had been partially blocking him from 
view. "It's Tsunami." Washu mumbled and pulled the sheets up over their 
shoulders close to her neck.
"Oh that's nice." He mumbled and fell back to the bed from where he had 
been trying to sit up. At least until he heard the goddess snicker then 
he sat upright. "Tsunami!" His eyes were wide open and he slowly turned 
his head to see a snickering goddess sitting on the edge of the bed. It 
wasn't until he saw her turn her head away from him that he remembered 
that all that was covering him was the sheets of Washu's bed and that 
was only from the waist down! As he clutched the sheets to himself, the 
goddess went from snickering to actually laughing. "Oh Tsunami! I'm. 
well I'm."
She just held up a hand, "Don't worry Yosho. I have come to see Washu. 
You may stay there." He just nodded and tried to hide under the sheets.
Waving her hand Washu's clothes swarmed around her and she removed 
herself from the bed. As she did this Tsunami moved away still 
snickering slightly to give her some room and to save Yosho from more 
embarrassment. The two females met in what looked to be a large living 
room or sorts. Tsunami looked around slightly at it wondering where 
exactly they were in the lab.
"If you're looking for the lab we're not in it."
"Then where is it?"
"This is my home, where I go to rest and think. Surely you didn't think 
I spent every waking moment in my lab did you?" Tsunami as Sasami just 
nodded her head. "Well, I guess I never showed anyone this place 
before." she started thinking to herself then chuckled, "I don't think 
Ryoko even knows this is here."
"You really need to get out more."
"Now Sasami I don't think you came all this way just to tell me that 
did you? So off with it, what's up?"
"Do you believe in fate?"
"Fate?" She asked raising a brow also in question, "You mean like do 
two people belong together and stuff like that?" Sasami just nodded. "I 
guess it's possible, though it's hard to believe that two people belong 
together no matter what?"
"What of Tenchi and Ryoko? Do they seem fated together or is it just a 
lot of random chances that got them to where they are today?"
"Good question, I have actually had my computers working on that, but 
I've tabled that as it really didn't seem all that important. Though 
the chances of such a thing are amazing!" She began to pace the room 
prattling off things. "Just imagine for a moment that Tenchi listened 
to his grandfather and never released her then he would never have 
known what he really was and Ayeka would still be asleep. But if Ryoko 
had never attacked Jurai then Yosho would have never left meaning that 
Achika or Tenchi would never have been born and Yosho and Achika would 
be married." She stopped suddenly and shook her head as if some near 
disgusting thought had come to it. "And Let's not forget about how this 
all affected me, I would still be trapped on the Soujya if none of that 
had happened, though I still don't see how Mihoshi got down there."
"Washu? Little Washu?"
The scientist had gone off into her mind trying to understand how the 
ditz had actually managed to appear in the right place at seemingly the 
right time to change the course of history. "Huh, oh yea. Well I guess 
it's possible." Suddenly a revelation hit her. "You had something to do 
with all that didn't you!"
"Yes I did, but a small part," the goddess said gently hoping that she 
would not give too much away.
"Are you saying that something happened that wasn't supposed to? If 
this is about Yosho I can explain, you see he and I were just very 
lonely and you see." Washu was making hand gestures and a slight 
pinkish hue appeared on her cheeks as she began trying to explain what 
happened.
"This has nothing to do with that," she said giggling.
"Oh that's good. Hay! Then what does this have to do with?"
"Do you think that everyone has a purpose to fulfil? Like a lifetime 
goal?"
She thought about it and Washu was not quite sure she liked where this 
was headed. "Don't tell me I've reached my goal?"
"What?" It donned on her what Washu was referring to, "Oh no not yet. I 
mean I was talking about Tenchi."
Washu studied her for a moment and wondered what it was that she had 
not done yet, as the sudden change in subject. "I see, so he had 
something else to do? Don't tell me he has to go to Jurai?"
Tsunami groaned, as this was not going the way she had intended. "No, 
he doesn't unless he wants to. I meant." she paused for a moment trying 
to find a way to say this without giving it all away.
"Tell her what you really meant." A feminine voice called to them from 
nowhere.
"Tsunami, did, you do that?"
Tsunami stood erect and paled at the voice. "It can't be time!"
"Time for what!" demanded Washu.
Washu's room disappeared leaving the two women standing in the vastness 
of black nothingness. She realized that she was no longer in her lab 
and was being moved to another place. When she looked at Tsunami she 
looked frightened, but not of what was going on but for something else. 
Before she could even give it much though she appeared in a vast room 
standing on a dais with a large red gem floating in mid air.
"Greetings Washu and Tsunami," it said in a very monotone voice.
"Greetings D3, You're presence is not required for now."
"As you wish." It said then disappeared.
"Tsunami, what the hell was that?"
"That my sister is my servant." Again the voice seemed to come from 
everywhere, yet nowhere.
"Sister! Tsunami what's." She did not get to finish as the walls and 
ceiling disappeared. As they disappeared, large black figures formed 
around what was the room. But what got her attention were three 
silhouettes that appeared ahead of her in the air. One of them came 
into view as being a very regal and proud woman. The other two stayed 
as ghostly figures, but Washu was sure one was of Tsunami but he third, 
looked like her.
"Must you always go for the dramatic entrance." Tsunami said with a 
hint of laughter.
"Sister it has come time now for the reunion." The woman said without 
moving her lips. Washu was just staring at the shadow that looked like 
hers, as if mesmerized. "Yes Washu, you are our sister and it has come 
now for you to remember. Call the gems."
"What the hell is this! And who are you!"
"That is Tokimi, our sister." Tsunami provided gently. Washu's head 
snapped over to Tsunami so fast that the goddess was afraid that she 
might have hurt herself. "Please call the gems and all will be 
answered."
She did not want to admit it but Washu was scared, "But Ryoko has them 
and they are her power source."
"No, her power was amplified through them. Call them and all will be 
explained." The voice demanded.
"Well for one the gems are too far away and how do I know that they 
will come to me? Also how am I supposed to call them, and wouldn't it 
hurt Ryoko?" Washu was trying to find any excuse not to do this.
She relaxed some when Tsunami placed her hand on the scientists' 
shoulder. "Washu, do not fear for her safety, and yes they are yours. 
Trust me. Just call to them to return."
Closing her eyes Washu did as she was asked though she felt silly 
Tsunami's Avatar and Washu's Daughter, and he shall."
"Wait, wait right there," Washu Interrupted. "You're right that the One 
has been born and that the One is the firstborn of my daughter, but it 
is not Rei. We have six more years before the One is ready."
"What do you mean Washu?" To say the least Tsunami was confused.
"What I mean sisters is that Mei Masaki is the One you are waiting 
for." Behind her appeared the image of Mei appeared and this thoroughly 
confused her sisters.
"But how can that be? She is not the first born, she.." Tokimi stopped 
suddenly as Washu began laughing. "I fail to see how this is funny."
Washu tried hard to tell her sisters between her laughing that since 
the plan was originally made she had set this to be. "You. should see. 
your. faces!" She added barely able to contain her laughter anymore.
Tsunami thought about it for a moment, and then suddenly she began to 
snicker followed by outright laughing as well. 'This is why I have been 
unable to see her path, she is the One! And all this time we thought it 
would be Ryoko's child!" Sasami and Tsunami laughed so hard that she 
actually fell over backwards and landed hard on her backside, but after 
all, of her worrying and thinking, she had not expected this, 'It's 
just like the Goddess of Chaos to do this!'
Unable to contain her frustration Tokimi huffed off for a moment while 
the other two continued to laugh for a mew minutes longer. Finally the 
two of them were able to stop; Tsunami looked up at Washu as the 
scientist was still standing. "Why Mei? I mean couldn't it of been Rei 
too?"
"Yes Rei could have been the one, but she will not get as strong as Mei 
will. You see Mei is a going to grow up and me a meta-morph like her 
mother. She will be able to become a spaceship, a cabbit or a woman at 
first, then as she grows she will be able to change into what ever she 
wants."
"Oh, but is that the only reason?"
"No, actually since Ryo-Ohki never had a uterus or ovaries she could 
not conceive at all no matter how hard she tried. So I cloned Ryoko's 
uterus and Ryo-Ohki assimilated it into herself."
"But what of the ovaries?"
"I'm getting to it! Anyway Ryoko gave up one of her ovaries for Ryo-
Ohki and when she assimilated those, it gave her Ryoko's powers to go 
along with her own. Then when combined with Tenchi it added the Light 
Hawk Wing's to it as well." Tsunami's face became serious as she 
contemplated this, as Washu sat on the ground beside her suddenly 
becoming very serious herself. "Tsunami, not only will Mei fulfil this 
prophecy, but she will become the Light Hawk."
"WHAT! No!" Tokimi suddenly blurted as she had heard the whole 
exchange.
"But sister, if she becomes that then she." Fear was evident on 
Tsunami's normally happy face.
"I know Tsunami, she will become above us and could end us as well."
"Washu! How could you do this!" Spat Tokimi.
"I knew that you were looking for a male to become that, which is why I 
made it a female. A male that could become the Light Hawk would become 
unstable and could lash out before he knew what he was doing. Males 
have too much bravado and fighting tendencies and are never in touch 
with their emotions, where Mei already shows that she prefers the 
passive route and most importantly she can express her emotions."
"But Washu!"
"No buts. Look she is born and her powers have not come into maturity 
yet, and I do not fear her when they do. You Tokimi would have 
preferred a male as would I for the simple reason that we might could 
control him through sex or love." Tokimi's face reddened, but it was 
hard to tell if it was from embarrassment or anger.
Tsunami looked back to Mie and looked into her heart, and like her 
father, there was a great deal of respect and tenderness. But unlike 
him, she was in touch with her feelings. This would allow her to 
achieve more and do it faster that he ever could. Since he had spent so 
long wrestling with his emotions, he could not even call on his full 
power. Instead, he only accessed three of his five Light Hawk Wing's. 
Mei and her sister will each have more than that but Mei will have 
several other advantages over them all.
She stood up from her spot on the floor and rubbed her backside, which 
felt a little sore from falling on it but the soreness was soon gone. 
"Sisters, I see that Washu made the right choice in this, better than 
me even. I support this and if Mei does decide that she wants our 
power, I will give it to her. From the Light Hawk we used the power to 
create, and in the end if the power must return then this child can 
take my power back to the Light Hawk."
Tokimi shouted, "You can't be serious!"
Washu just nodded. She knew when they made their pact before all was 
set in place she knew this would happen. "Well sisters," she said at 
last, "I need to return home."
"Already Washu?"
"Yes Tsunami, my family is waiting, and I need to do some explaining to 
Ryoko about the gems."
"Very well," Tsunami said then hugged Washu, "Take care and tell the 
others I said hello."
"You could return with me ya know?"
Tsunami thought about it but it was Tokimi that made up her mind for 
her, "Fine! Both of you go and leave me! If you wish to give this child 
power to destroy us all then so be it!" And with that, the two other 
goddesses found themselves back in Washu's lab.
"Well, she took that pretty well."
Tsunami just laughed again and the two goddesses talked more about 
their families and destiny. As they talked Tsunami thought about the 
two children. 'Rei, you will have a hard life if you choose space. Many 
still hate the name Ryoko and with her being your mother you will have 
a dark shadow following you. But you could be the one that heals the 
pain and hurts of the past; you could restore the family name to a 
place of honor as it once was. Mei Masaki, so much is riding on your 
development, I only pray that you learn the love of your parents and 
choose the path of honor and love. When you become the Light Hawk 
itself you will have all the power of the three, and you could destroy 
us. I hope it does not come to that.'
"Hay! Tsunami?"
"Yes Washu?"
"You zoned out on me there." The other goddesses looked down and was 
about to apologize when Washu spoke up again, "It's kind of late now on 
earth and Yosho is gonna come back I was wondering if you could maybe."
"Say no more," she said holding up a hand. "There I have given him over 
to you. His destiny and life is in your hands, though I would suggest 
you tell him that."
"Oh he already knows his life is in my hands." She said grinning 
evilly.
"I don't even want to know what you will do to him from now on," she 
said to her sister then giggling she gave Washu one last hug before she 
departed to her own realm.
