Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending: Ayeka's Decision
This is a continuation of "Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending." This takes 
place just after "Washu's Escape." I do not own or hold the rights to 
any of the characters or activities that have gone on through any of 
the TM episodes as they are the Property of AIC and Pioneer. I want no 
money or fame out of this, nor do I want a lawsuit so please go easy on 
me.
*****
Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending: Ayeka's Decision
"What do I do now?" Thought the Elder Princess of Jurai. The past two 
days still fresh in her mind as if they were only five minutes ago. 
"Just under a week ago we were fighting over him, and now..." Her inner 
voice trailed off as she turned over in her bed. "Now, she has him. 
Well they have each other." Ayeka could not be mad over what happened, 
as Tenchi had made his choice, and made it very clear. Of coarse he had 
not said the words out loud but she had guessed from his actions how he 
felt about 'her'.
"He was so hurt that night..." she remembered how upset and lost he 
looked when Ryoko had seemingly lost control of herself. Clearly, she 
could remember the anger in his eyes, and the hum of the energy sword 
he had held at her neck when she had called Ryoko a name. He made it 
quite clear that he did not want Ryoko to be called anything like a 
demon or pirate anymore. That and when he announced that he could hear, 
of all people, 'her' in his mind calling out for help she knew it was 
over. The rivalry had lasted for a long time only to be stopped 
suddenly.
Ayeka knew that Tenchi and Ryoko were together in his room, not that 
she could fault them on it. After Hearing Ryoko's screams the other, 
night Ayeka did not even know if she could get to sleep. The tortured 
scream still echoed in her mind. No one on Jurai had known that the 
pirate the demon was actually being controlled by another against her 
will. They had just assumed she worked for Kagato for the thrill of 
killing. But after that night, Ayeka knew what happened, Kagato 
tortured Ryoko routinely and forced her to kill.
Just that thought alone sickened the princess and she wondered how 
anyone could have kept sane through that. Ayeka had never been through 
anything even remotely close to it and she thought just knowing about 
it she would loose her own sanity. She shook that thought out of her 
head, as she had her family and friends to keep that from happening. "I 
have Tenchi, Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi and..." she trailed off a moment 
then continued, "and Ryoko as friends. They will help me."
She smiled softly as she remembered taunting Ryoko in the onsen. She 
has asked the pirate, "Did he tell you?" It had been funny to see her 
squirm like that as we all knew it, but she seemed nervous about 
telling us. Finally Ryoko had spilled the beans and told them 
everything. The princess had soon found herself doing something that no 
one on Jurai would have ever dreamed of, even in nightmares. She hugged 
Ryoko and told her that, "I'm happy for you." Even now that memory 
brought a tear to her eyes.
"I am, I am happy for them. My... my friends." Calling her a friend was 
still new but after these past two days, she knew she would rather have 
no one else for a friend. She was even concerned, truly concerned when 
Washu disappeared. She thought her friend would never be the same again 
if the Scientist truly went away. Ryoko had been too shaken up over 
Washu's disappearance to even put on some of her own clothes, so Ayeka 
had let her borrow one of her own robes.
"My robe," she thought wistfully, "the pirate actually looked like a 
respectable person in it." She grumbled for a minute then added, "She 
even looked better than me." It seemed impossible to her, but Ryoko 
actually looked regal, and important in that robe, almost like it was 
made for her.
Just a few hours ago the three of them had shared their darkest 
secrets, she told them how she felt tortured by her mother's antics. 
But what Tenchi said had shocked them both. She still felt horrible for 
the way she had acted since coming here. Every day the way she fought 
with Ryoko caused him to be tortured, him, the one she loved, she 
tortured every day. Desperately she wished she could go back and change 
the past, but that was not possible. What they had done to him had been 
done and could not be changed. "Thank Tsunami it all turned out ok," 
she told herself. But she could not help but think, "Is everything 
really ok now?"
"Tenchi and Ryoko loved each other; Ryoko brought Washu back to the 
family. And Sasami..." She looked over at where her sister lay, the 
faint glow of the runes on her forehead illuminated part of the room. 
"She's connected to Tsunami and even now dreams things that she will 
not remember." Her sister had come to bed long ago. After Ayeka had 
lain awake for several hours, she ventured downstairs when she heard 
talking.
Washu had come back and she, Ryoko and Tenchi were downstairs talking 
while the princess lurked in the shadows upstairs. She wanted to go 
down and welcome her back, but they were having a family moment then. 
"A family moment," she said again smiling. She had lost him to her, but 
she was still surprised that not only had it happened, but that she was 
happy for them. She had nearly started laughing when Ryoko had told 
Tenchi that she could wait a month before having his child. His face 
was shown in her mind and she imagined him being very red and 
embarrassed. But she was not upset over it, not like she was last time 
her friend had mentioned having his child.
Sighing again she asked herself the question that had been plaguing her 
mind for hours, "now what?" Should she return to Jurai or stay here? 
"If I returned to Jurai that would put Sasami in a bad spot as she 
would want to stay here, but then again she would not want to be left 
behind. And if I should stay then what would I do, or be? On earth 
Tenchi can have only one wife which would be her, that and I would not 
want to miss their wedding." Some of her thoughts were surprising to 
her as she was now mentally picturing Ryoko's marriage to Tenchi. She 
went so far as to imagine Ryoko wearing the kimono that she was 
supposed to wear when her and Yosho were to be wed.
Ayeka finally smiled happily as she pictured her friend wearing her own 
Juraian wedding kimono. She hated to admit it but Ryoko would look 
lovely in it. After what had been, several hours of thinking Ayeka 
finally drifted off to sleep thinking of Tenchi's & Ryoko's Wedding and 
how she would help them with it.
The next morning the elder princess woke before everyone including her 
sister, and so seizing the opportunity she began opening every 
container she had searching for the right one. She had been able to get 
a fair amount of her things off her ship but she was still missing a 
lot. She hoped that this would be one of those things that remained, 
and was still in good condition. Ayeka barely noticed when Sasami awoke 
and went to prepare breakfast. In her search she did not even notice 
the smells of breakfast or even that she was being called to breakfast.
Since he had chosen it troubled her that the time she had left here 
might be cut short, so she had to get this done before she had to go. 
It was both heart breaking and a joy of the heart at the same time as 
she searched for it. This one last vestige that was left to remind her 
of who she was and it stood as a symbol of a love she was destined to 
not experience. Regardless of the fact she may never wear it herself 
she was determined to have her rival, her friend wear it.
She was pulled away from her search when she heard Ryoko's voice, "Um, 
Ayeka?" The princess turned around to see the pirate. "Breakfast is 
ready? Were you coming down?" Ayeka looked at Ryoko carefully as she 
spoke and she found it interesting that it had been her sent to tell 
her about breakfast.
Ayeka then got an interesting idea, "Ryoko, would you be able to help 
me with something?"
"Um, sure, but later ok? Everyone's waiting for you."
"Oh, ok. But after breakfast will you help me?" Ryoko relented and the 
two of them went down to breakfast. Breakfast itself progressed much 
like it had in the past with one major difference. Ayeka never made one 
comment about Ryoko sitting so close to Tenchi or her holding him. In 
fact, Ayeka was so caught up in her thoughts that she barely noticed 
that breakfast was over.
"Hay Princess?" Ryoko's voice called.
"Huh, oh." She looked around to notice that everyone else had left but 
Ryoko.
"Ok, spill it, what's on your mind?" Ayeka looked over to see that her 
friend sitting there with her arms crossed drumming her fingers on her 
arms.
"I need you to help me find something. It was in my ship when it 
crashed and it is very special. But I have only realized recently that 
it was missing."
"What? How could it be so special and you just now noticed it?"
"Well, it's kind of hard to explain Miss Ryoko, but I would appreciate 
your help." Ayeka looked at Ryoko and silently she hoped that Ryoko 
would help her without asking too much about what it is.
Finally the pirate relented, "Ok, I'll help. What's it look like?"
The princess jumped up happily, "Oh thank you!" Taking Ryoko by the arm 
she proceeded to go to the lake with a confused pirate in tow. Finally 
arriving at the spot where her ship crashed what feels like ages ago 
she stopped and let go of Ryoko's arm. "Ok, it is a fairly large 
container. Made of wood, and circular..."
"Oh like that stuff in your room?"
"Yes but how did you... Oh never mind about that part. But yes like 
those but a little larger." She went on to describe it and the markings 
on it to make sure there were no mistaking it. When she had finally 
described almost every detail except which way the wood grain was going 
Ryoko spoke up.
"Ok, Ok. I'll get it," Ryoko told her before stepping out over the 
water. Ayeka watched as her friend walked out on the water and she was 
filled with a sense that this had happened before. Ryoko did not need 
to breathe air like most people so she was in Ayeka's eyes best suited 
for this, not to mention her ability to phase through things.
The princess paced back and forth by the water anxiously waiting for 
her friend to return, and it seemed to her to take too long. Soon she 
began wondering if she had run into trouble or had gotten stuck. The 
unthinkable then entered her mind shortly afterwards, "Oh no. What if 
it was destroyed in the crash? What will I do? Oh, I hope it's ok, it's 
been down there a long time. It..." her thoughts were sidetracked as an 
object popped up out of the water followed shortly by Ryoko. The 
container was easily as tall as Ryoko was but she held it aloft like it 
was much smaller.
"Hay is this it?"
"Yes! Thank you! Can you help me get it to my room please?"
"Sure why not," she said then landing beside Ayeka she took her hand 
and teleported the both of them and the container to the princesses' 
room. Once inside the princess began drying the outside of the 
container as Ryoko just watched her. Slowly Ayeka dried off the 
exterior while checking for cracks or damage to the case itself. She 
sighed of relief when she discovered that there was no damage done to 
the unit itself.
Ryoko watched with interest as Ayeka cared for this like it was a long 
lost treasure, but the one thing that surprised her was that Ayeka had 
never mentioned it before. "So, Ayeka. What's so special about this?"
"Oh, this is very special." She paused for a moment then pressed her 
hand into the center of it. The symbol in the center glowed and then a 
line formed from the top to the bottom. Ryoko watched as the unit 
parted along the line and she was amazed at how it opened along a seam 
that did not exist a moment ago.
Ryoko let out a gasp as the door opened fully and she saw the gown that 
was held in it. It was a long white Kimono that seemed to be made of a 
fabric she had never seen before. "What, what is it?"
"It's a formal kimono that is used on only one occasion. Queens of 
Jurai have worn this for the past several millenniums. It was to be 
mine to wear on one special day." Ayeka turned to look at Ryoko, "I had 
hoped to wear this on my wedding day with Tenchi." She looked at the 
pirate, her friend, "Though it will be worn on the day he gets married, 
but I will not be the one to wear it."
Ryoko tried to speak, and when she finally did her voice was shaky as 
surely she could not mean that, "What are you saying?"
Taking a shaky breath herself, Ayeka took Ryoko's hand and pulled her 
closer to the container. "I want you to wear this when you wed him."
"Ayeka, I, I can't. This is too good, it's..." her voice caught in her 
throat as she comprehended what this meant to Ayeka and what she was 
doing. Ayeka just stifled her protests by gently retrieving it from the 
container.
Holding it out to Ryoko, she told her, "Try it on." There were no words 
Ryoko knew to say to thank her for this. Slowly she took it from Ayeka 
and examined it closely. The fabric was much softer than she had at 
first thought, and it looked even better than her favorite dress. Ayeka 
closed and locked the door to prevent anyone from stepping in as Ryoko 
fumbled with it. Ayeka returned to her friend the demon caller, and 
helped her put it on.
When it was wrapped around her friend Ayeka stepped back to look. In 
all her life the Demon, the pirate Ryoko was a thing hideous to look at 
and monstrous enough to destroy men by sight alone. Now that Ryoko 
seemed to not exist as the Ryoko before her was a friend, one whom she 
felt comfortable around. And she was sure that this Ryoko would not 
destroy anything more than the shyness that Tenchi had. But one thing 
was sure; he will not be the same after seeing her like this.
"It looks like it was made for you." She said to her friend. It seemed 
strange that just a few days ago she had tried to kill her, and now she 
was giving this most precious thing to her. What made no sense to her 
at this moment was how well it fit her friend without alterations. 
Ryoko looked at herself in the mirror that hung on the container's 
doors and she was amazed at how good she looked.
Both girls jumped when a knock was heard at the door. "May I some in?" 
Came the voice on the other side. Ryoko immediately recognized it as 
her mothers' voice in her adult form. "No one is with me." Ryoko just 
nodded and stepped behind the container as Ayeka opened the door.
"Do come in Miss Washu." She said as she gestured for the now adult 
Washu to enter. Once inside Ayeka promptly shut the door and locked it 
again.
"Ryoko," her mother called softly, "I, was getting some strange 
emotions from you and saw a brief glimpse of you in..." Her voice 
trailed off as Ryoko stepped around into view. Washu was amazed at how 
beautiful her daughter looked. "Wow, where, how..." her mind was 
running faster than her ability to speak her questions but it was not 
Ryoko but Ayeka that answered them fully.
"Miss Washu, this is a wedding dress that has been in my family for a 
long time and it has been worn only on weddings. Since Ryoko and Tenchi 
are," she paused to consider her words carefully; "since they love each 
other I have decided that Miss Ryoko here should wear this dress at her 
wedding to him."
Washu was to say the least, surprised, "But, they haven't even 
discussed this yet? Why so soon?"
"Do you think he will not ask?" Washu considered Ayeka's question and 
considering the past few days it is entirely possible that he will.
"Well he might ask, but aren't you jumping the gun here a little? It's 
not even been two days since he choose and..." She stopped as Ayeka 
held up her hand.
"Need I remind you that he has chosen and since he has chosen it will 
not be long before my family finds out." She looked at Washu who just 
shrugged as if to ask 'so what?' "When they discover that they will 
undoubtedly come back for us and I may be forced to leave with them."
Ryoko suddenly burst out, "No! You can't!"
"I am sorry but it may happen. But I would like to see your wedding 
before I leave. So I am sure that with the three of us we can find a 
way to get him to ask." She raised her eyebrow at them hoping they 
would catch on to what she was meaning. Both mother and daughter 
snickered and grinned evilly as she had hoped, and they began making 
plans as to how they would get him to ask.
Ryoko suddenly stood up straight and blushed, causing the others to 
look at her curiously. Ayeka watched as she furrowed her brow a moment 
then giggled. Both Ayeka and Washu stared at her for a moment 
wondering, and then Washu caught on. Leaning over to Ayeka she 
whispered, "We may not have to be very sneaky." Ayeka raised an eyebrow 
in question. I knew she was here because she was transmitting some 
strange emotions and images across our mental link. So, she's either 
talking to Ryo-Ohki or Tenchi now."
Ayeka's eyes widened and looking back at Ryoko and seeing her blushing 
she knew the truth, "It must be Tenchi then." Washu nodded in 
agreement. It did not take long for whatever Ryoko was saying to him to 
actually say it, but it did take a while for her to regain her control 
over her blushing. "I take it that all is well with Lord Tenchi?"
At just the mention of his name, Ryoko began to blush again, this time 
harder. Ayeka and Washu exchanged knowing looks then returned their 
attention to the blushing Ryoko. "Just think little Ryoko soon you just 
may be a blushing bride!" Her mother cackled as Ryoko blushed anew 
right after her blush had gone away. Ayeka laughed as well and then the 
two, scientist and princess, helped the ex-pirate out of the wedding 
kimono.
Once she was back to her normal clothes Ayeka took her to the onsen for 
a soak and a small celebration, even if it was a little pre-mature to 
celebrate Ryoko's engagement. In the onsen she was able to get Ryoko, 
after much goading, to tell her what had happened earlier when she was 
talking to Tenchi. "Well," Ryoko started to explain then blushed. Such 
behavior Ayeka had seldom seen and she guessed it must have been Zero's 
influence. It was shortly after they merged that Ayeka and Washu had 
teased Ryoko about Tenchi coming home early, and to Ayeka's surprise 
the pirate had run out of the house blushing.
Looking at the pirate again Ayeka waited patiently for her to answer, 
"Well Washu showed up because she saw my reflection in the mirror for a 
brief moment, and was feeling what I was. Tenchi," she paused to blush 
then continued. "He also saw a brief image and was feeling what I was 
for a moment, then."
"Yes then?" Ayeka leaned in to hear this, and she had a brief thought 
that if a groom is not supposed to see his bride in her wedding dress 
before the wedding does that mean that it would be ok since they are 
not even engaged yet?
"Well he was training with Katsuhito at the time and he paused for too 
long." Her voice fell and Ayeka could already guess the rest and she 
tried to hide her amusement. "And he knocked him out cold for a while." 
The princess could not hold it and she began to laugh, first just a 
little tittering then a full blown laugh even though such a thing was 
not at all proper. Ryoko just watched the princess dissolve in 
laughter, she had to admit that it was funny too, and before she knew 
it, they were both laughing.
They did not have to wait long or even have to really try to convince 
him to propose. He proposed to Ryoko just two days later. It seems that 
the brief mental picture he got from her and a shared dream between had 
him ready to ask before they were able to start even their first plan. 
What surprised Ayeka though was when he proposed to her too just a few 
days later.
"But Lord Tenchi, why?"
"Ryoko and I have talked it over and she knows that I still care for 
you too. So she asked me to at least talk to you about it."
"Lord Tenchi, I'm honored, I..." She was not sure how to tell him what 
she was feeling. She wanted this, but something was bothering her about 
it. "Which one would be married to you first?"
This threw him for a loop, she had not said yes, but instead was asking 
this. "Um, Ryoko. I asked her first."
"So you love her more?"
"Well, I, you see..."
"I do see. You love her more and you asked her first. So you will spend 
more time with her, right?"
"I, I..." This was not going the way he had hoped it would. And he 
could not understand how she could sound so cold about it after her and 
Ryoko had been getting along so well.
"Can you imagine every night us trying to find out who you will be 
spending it with? If I wanted to spend time with you alone would you 
send her away?"
"I, don't think I can do that. I would never send either of you away."
"Then don't you see, it would be no different than the way it was. Both 
of us wanting to be loved more. You would have to send one or the other 
away each night."
"But couldn't we, um..." His mind froze as it realized what he was 
about to ask.
"Share? As in all three of us in one bed?" He nodded, as she somehow 
had spoken what he couldn't. "I'm sorry, but though she is a friend I 
don't think I can do that." She then considered something that even she 
did not like to think about, but if he was serious, it had to be out in 
the open. Looking at him carefully, she asked. "Do you really think 
that Jurai would welcome her with open arms?"
His head shot up and his eyes locked with hers, 'What do you mean?"
"She destroyed Jurai, and..."
"But that wasn't her fault! Kagato did it!"
"Do you think they care? I've talked to my mothers and if you married 
her then there may be a revolt or several attempts made on her or your 
lives." He gulped audibly as she spoke in such a coldhearted way. "I've 
given it much thought and since you've asked her to marry you, then you 
and her had better stay on earth." This was not entirely true on her 
part, she had only thought of it once before when Funaho had mentioned 
it.
"But..."
"But what?" she looked at him sternly, and he could see a hidden 
concern for both of their lives. She kept it hidden, but it was there. 
"I cannot stay on earth if that's what you want to know. I have to go 
back, it's where I belong."
"You belong with your family."
She looked at him and her face and eyes softened. "I know, I also know 
that I have a responsibility to Jurai, to be there. Should I throw away 
my responsibility, my crown, and who I am?"
Looking at the floor, he responded weakly, "No."
"Then you see, I have to return, but if you return with me with Ryoko 
as well then it will cause more harm than good."
He understood what this meant, she was telling him no, but doing it in 
a way to make it all seem logical and right. He could not ask her to 
stay, and yet he could not ask Ryoko to go back to the planet she 
destroyed. Even if Kagato was the one to blame, it was still done at 
her hands. This also meant that his family would be eventually 
separated, but he did not know when. 'Damn her logic,' he thought 
bitterly, but then again he understood it as well. He had thought 
before when he learned who he was that he might have to go to Jurai, 
but that was not where he felt he should go.
Ayeka though was not sure she should be happy that he asked or 
insulted. It was Ryoko that had pushed him to ask, so did that mean 
that he didn't really want to? She tried hard to believe in what she 
had said, though she felt an emptiness grow inside her. Strangely, it 
did not feel as bad as she thought she should. 'Does that mean I really 
didn't love him? No, I did love him, but that was too easy.' She 
watched as he walked out of her room. 'I should be crying now, I 
shouldn't be able to just tell him no. Should I?'
As the days passed it became easier and easier to deal with almost 
anything, the one thing she really did not want to face at this moment 
was leaving earth, leaving her friends behind. She had already decided 
that when she leaves she will let Sasami stay behind for a time, but 
then she too will have to return to Jurai. It was not how she wanted 
it, she wanted to return under happier times, but unfortunately, this 
could not be avoided now. She did everything she could though to make 
the most of her time left.
To make sure things were arranged properly she had gone to Washu and 
had used a sub-space radio to call home and inform her mother of what 
has happened. Misaki at first has been shocked and a little angry that 
he had turned down Ayeka. At least until her daughter told her about 
the conversion she had with Tenchi. "Are you sure about this?" Her 
mother had asked.
"Yes, yes I am. I think I care for him. Should it have been so easy to 
tell him no if I really loved him?"
Her mother thought about this and finally answered, "No, I was crushed 
when your father put off our wedding until after Funaho's. But I loved 
him so much at the time I said I would wait. He made my wait well worth 
it and for a while it was hard on him, as we both seemed to want all of 
his attention. But we finally understood that he loved us both so we 
adjusted to it." She began laughing and blushing as a thought crossed 
her mind, but even after her daughter asked her about, a few times she 
refused to tell her what she was laughing about. She only said, 
"Someday you may understand."
"What about father? I don't really care for that boy he brought here. 
Can I choose my own husband?"
Her mother stopped laughing and looked at her, "That may be hard to do, 
but we can talk to him, but what about Sasami? Will she be coming home 
too?"
"Not right now. She will later. I don't want to rip her away from the 
only other family she has known." She could tell her mother was not 
entirely pleased but she understood at least.
"Ok, we can adjust to that. But she will have to come back eventually."
"I know. Oh and Mommy." She knew she had butter her mother up for this 
next one so she made sure to caller what she loved to be called and in 
that special voice.
"Yes Ayeka?"
"I gave Ryoko my dress for her wedding." There was silence on the other 
end as Misaki just stared blankly at her. Her mouth was hanging open 
slightly and here eyes were just a little larger than she remembered 
them ever getting. "She's marrying a prince so she needed a special 
dress, so I gave her mine. So I have to come back to see her in it, 
she's asked me to be the maid of honor!"
"You what? She what? You're going to be what?"
She did not like this; her mother usually is not this distant sounding. 
"Mommy, she's my friend, and I wanted her wedding to be special. It was 
the only thing I could think of to do to let her know that not all of 
Jurai still hates her."
Misaki's eyes began to tear up as she realized what her little Ayeka 
was doing. "I, I think that will be fine. Though, only the three of us 
should come back for the wedding. When will it be held?" She talked to 
her mother for what seemed like hours telling her about it wedding and 
when it was to be held. She was saddened a little to know that she 
would have to return to Jurai for a short time before the wedding, but 
her mother promised that she would make it back in time for the 
wedding. 
When the time came just a few months later it was a teary affair as 
Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, and even Ryoko asked her to not go. All of 
them cried, some more so than others did and Ayeka did everything she 
could to keep from crying in front of them. Thankfully only Misaki and 
Funaho had shown up, to take Ayeka home. It was not know how she had 
got Sasami to stay though Ryoko had her guesses.
The princess and the pirate had spent their time actually getting to be 
friends and fighting between them was a rarity now, instead of the 
norm. Tenchi was glad of this change, as patching the holes in the 
walls from their fighting was getting to be a pain.
"Are you sure you won't say?" Ryoko asked the princess.
"I'm sure, but I'll be back in time for the wedding, you can't have it 
without me."
"Of coarse not, someone has to be the old maid."
Laughingly she corrected the pirate, "That's Maid of honor."
"Yea whatever," she replied grinning before giving the princess one 
last hug.
To Ayeka, it seemed strange now how they seemed to insult each other 
for fun where as before she practically hated her before. 'It must have 
been seeing how he held Zero,' she mused as she wondered when she had 
really given up on him. Back when Ryoko had been kidnapped, Ayeka had 
willingly gone to rescue her, and when Zero had been hurt, she was 
forced to see just how he felt about Ryoko. Back then he held her 
gently and close like he never wanted it to end. The tone of his voice 
had been so warm and soothing. It was so bad that she could not even 
watch, as during the whole time she faced away from them with clench 
fists. Since that day she tried for his affections, just not as hard as 
before.
When it came time to say good bye to Tenchi, she asked him one question 
quietly by whispering it in his ear. "Could you have really loved me 
like her?" He could not answer, and that in itself was her answer. "I 
thought not. Goodbye Tenchi." She then kissed his cheek and left with 
her mother's amidst her sisters and Mihoshi's crying.
