Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending: Ryoko Freaks Out
After reading the story from Jason Goodman "Bonds - Chapter 1: "The 
First Night" form the Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Archive (www.tmffa.com), 
and replaying several scenes in the Tenchi OVA series this story came 
to mind. The scenes I am referring to are in OVA episode 5 where Ryoko 
was possessed again by Kagato and then at the end of episode 13 when 
her mom holds her captive in her lab. Others have written about this 
particular part of the series as well like "June Mermaid" by The Entry 
Plug from Fan Fiction (www.fanfiction.net), and while they both saw 
stories going in one direction or the other I just guess I am a bit 
different and this story came to mind.
For realism, I played the last portion of "Here Comes Jurai" repeatedly 
till I had all of what Ryoko had said. I am not taking credit for it, I 
am just citing where it came from. I do not own or hold the rights to 
any of the characters or activities that have gone on through any of 
the TM episodes as they are the Property of AIC and Pioneer. I want no 
money or fame out of this, nor do I want a lawsuit so please go easy on 
me.
*****
Tenchi Muyo Never an Ending: Ryoko Freaks Out
Just a few days after the Jurai nobles had left Washu had gotten Ryoko 
to enter her lab to do a test or two on her, but as soon as Ryoko 
entered she was grabbed by several mechanical arms and held fast to a 
wall. Another set of hands stripped her of all but a small purple top 
that barely covered her. Of coarse she was not happy with this and 
began screaming at Washu to let her go who responded by having her 
gagged. To ensure that Ryoko would not teleport or phase out of her 
bonds a device was placed that circled her hips that disrupted her 
powers.
Several moments later Mihoshi entered and began to talk to Washu about 
Dr Clay. Ryoko tried to hide the humiliation and anger by being quiet 
hoping Mihoshi would not notice her or say anything to the others. But 
after the blonde left so did Washu, leaving her trapped in the darkness 
half-naked.
Ryoko hung there, cold and alone wondering what had happened when she 
started to struggle against the bonds. When she got the gag off, she 
began to holler out, "Hay, Let me go! Release me! Damn you Washu! Hay, 
Washu! Washu, Washu, Washu! Washu damn-it! Washu, Hay! Hay...Washu? Do 
you hear me at all? Hello? Hello there? Here little Washu? Are you 
there? Washu, hay, anybody? Washu?" Ryoko then began calling her 
mothers' name between sobs as she was starting to cry now.
She cried for a few moments and began to call out again. "Mommy, please 
release me! Mommy? Please mommy? Don't leave me here! Don't leave me 
behind! Please? I don't want to be alone! It's dark, It's Scary! Mommy! 
Mommy? In tears, Ryoko kept calling out hoping someone would hear her.
Out of desperation she cried out, "Tenchi! Help me..."
Upstairs in his bed Tenchi sat upright as he looked around. "Ryoko?" 
After hearing, nothing he dismissed it as the wind then started to lie 
down again.
"Tenchi!" Ryoko called out and began to cry harder.
He knew something was wrong, he had heard her call for him again, he 
thought, but she was no where to be seen. Turning on his lamp he 
grabbed a robe and walked to the door. As he looked about he did not 
see her, but he knew that she had called him. 
Washu was watching her daughter and was starting to think this had gone 
far enough. For Ryoko, it had already gone too far. Her mind had closed 
it's self off to everything. Washu felt a cold feeling, the same she 
had felt a long time ago. But before she could place it a nightmarish 
scene began to play out in font of her.
In her mind, Ryoko saw another time when she was bound to a wall. 
Shortly before her attack on Jurai she had shown emotion and spared the 
life of a family. Kagato had seen this and destroyed them in front of 
her then punished her. She was again strapped to a wall as waves of 
pain washed over her body. She cried out in pain but it did no good. He 
stood before her rebuking her and insulting her for showing weakness.
Involuntarily Ryoko's body shuddered as it relived the horrible 
experience. Washu watched in horror as her daughter was racked with 
pain. Then the one thing that she hoped would never happen, was taking 
place at this moment.
Crying out Ryoko said, "I'm sorry Kagato! I'll never show emotions 
again!" her body was wracked with another series of energy waves hit 
her in the nightmare that seemed to be real life. She heard him ask 
what she will do to which she responded, "I'll kill till there's no one 
left! I won't be weak, I won't show mercy!"
Falling to her knees Washu realized she had awoken a memory of when 
Kagato had tortured her. Only now she was reliving that same pain and 
torture, this time at the hands of her own mother. She began to weep 
and think of a way to correct this when Ryoko screamed again. If it had 
not been for being in another dimension at the time all of Japan would 
have awoken from it.
Tenchi could feel something was wrong horribly wrong. He rushed into 
the living room and looked up to see Ryoko's pillow, but not her. 
Running this time to Ayeka's room, he pounded on the door asking her to 
wake up.
When she did, he asked her frantically, "Have you seen Ryoko?"
"Ugh, you woke me up to ask about her?" This was the one thing that she 
had hoped he would not have woken her up about. She had been having 
another dream of them getting married on Jurai. 
"Ayeka, something's wrong; I don't know what, she's in pain you have to 
help me find her!" His eyes held a begging look that she could not look 
away from.
She thought about it, but Sasami appeared behind her with a sleeping 
Ryo-Ohki in her arms and said that they would look for Ryoko. Sasami 
woke up Mihoshi and the two of them went downstairs while Ayeka headed 
to the Onsen. In the Lab though, Washu was frantically typing on her 
laptop when an energy burst scared her. Ryoko had somehow torn her way 
out of the robotic arms and was now throwing energy beams everywhere 
destroying the lab.
Ryoko was wearing her red and black battle suit; her eyes were lifeless 
and glowed with a green tint. In one instant she shot out a large 
energy blast at Washu that she almost did not dodge and then Ryoko was 
gone. Ryoko had teleported outside and looked at the Masaki residence. 
She knew which room the Princesses were in and in a flash she shot a 
blast through the house at that direct spot.
The blast tore a hole in the wall and raced into the house through the 
princess's room diagonally and then it exited the house on the other 
side so that she could see into and through the room. The demon looked 
and saw that the room had been empty, but the blast was loud enough to 
alert everyone to her location. The hole was big enough for her to 
float through without needing to duck or phase out.
Sasami and Mihoshi had been downstairs and were only tossed about from 
the shock as pots, and other items landed on them. Ayeka had been in 
the Onsen so she was not hit either. Tenchi who had been in the front 
room was also safe. He ran outside and saw her there. "Ryoko! What are 
you doing?"
As he looked up at her, she started to descend towards him and that's 
when he noticed her eyes. "Ryoko! What's wrong?"
She pointed an energy sword at him and replied, "so Yosho you've come 
to fight me? Then die!" She hissed and threw several energy bolts at 
him. Taken by surprise he barely had the chance to defend himself. He 
dodged the first as it hit the house close to the kitchen. The blast 
knocked several support beams down. Mihoshi had tackled Sasami as the 
beam descended upon them.
Washu emerged from the lab and looked about. Hearing a noise from the 
kitchen she went to investigate. Inside Mihoshi was laying over Sasami 
who still held Ryo-Ohki and all three were not moving. The ground was 
covered with pots, pans, wood and other rubble, but the splatters of 
red that could be seen everywhere seemed to get her attention more. She 
leaned over hesitantly to investigate when another series of explosions 
shook the house from outside. 
Running outside she saw Ryoko attacking Tenchi with a ferocity that she 
had not seen before. Ayeka appeared with her guardians, but with Ryoko 
in a hyper charged state, she tossed them aside easily. Ayeka tried to 
create a force field around Ryoko but the devil woman moved to fast for 
her now.
Ryoko let a massive barrage of attacks on Ayeka that any normal person 
or Juraian would not have survived. Ayeka had been able to erect a 
field to protect her just in time while Tenchi also deflected some of 
the attacks as he called out for Ryoko to stop this, so somehow she had 
avoided certain death. His grandfather had heard the first explosion 
and was running down the stairs to investigate. Tenchi said a silent 
prayer of thanks that his dad had gone on a business trip just this 
afternoon.
She now stood before him with their swords crossed, her face contorted 
with evil intentions. He still had to help her but he could not think 
of how so he spoke softly to her, "Ryoko, it's me Tenchi. Please come 
back to us? Come back to me..." Though most of what he said did not 
seem to do anything, that last bit seemed to have an effect as her eyes 
changed for a moment then she disappeared leaving them all confused.
Tenchi was unsure as to what had just happened, he had never known her 
to become like this and for her to not recognize him meant that 
something terrible had happened. For a moment, he stood there with his 
sword activated looking at the spot where he had last seen her. In his 
mind, he could still occasionally hear her calling out for help just as 
he heard when she attacked him, but her lips did not move as she 
attacked him.
Ayeka stepped up beside him, "Tenchi, are you ok?" Her voice was soft 
and filled with concern, as her love seemed very confused. His 
grandfather also appeared and looked at the damage unknowing what had 
just transpired.
He turned back towards her and Washu. Opening his mouth to speak he 
could just stare beyond both of them at what was coming out of the 
house. The two turned to look and they saw Mihoshi covered in what 
looked like blood carrying an unconscious Sasami who also had Ryo-Ohki 
on her stomach that appeared to be just waking up, though still quite 
dazed.
Letting out a scream Ayeka ran to her sister to see if she was all 
right. Washu was right on her heels but they both smiled when they 
discovered that the little girl was ok. Both Sasami and Mihoshi had 
ketchup all over them as they had been in the kitchen when the blast 
hit near them. And thanks to Mihoshi's incredible luck, both were ok 
save a bruise or two.
When Tenchi, his grandfather, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi and Washu were all 
together they were glad to still be alive, but they still did not know 
what happened. Ayeka was the first to speak, "I never trusted that 
demon much, this just goes to show..." She was silenced not only by a 
stern look from Tenchi, but he held his blade in front of her close to 
her neck. She had never known him to be so hostile about anything and 
this took everyone by surprise.
"Ayeka, understand this. She's not a demon, she's just a lost soul like 
yourself that has come to this house." He dropped his sword and 
everyone including Ayeka took a deep breath. He began again after he 
had a chance to clear his mind. "I had not seen or talked to Ryoko 
since yesterday, and she did not seem unhappy or upset about anything. 
Ayeka when was the last time you saw her?" After he had spoken, he 
continued with a few relaxation techniques that he had learned.
She looked down as to think then replied, "At dinner last night was the 
last time I saw her, we were about to fight again when you stopped us, 
I then excused myself and have not seen her till just now."
He looked at Sasami, who said simply, "I saw her last night too, she 
left the kitchen while I was cleaning then..." She paused and looked at 
Ayeka, "Mihoshi and I watched a movie before I went to bed too."
Here sister looked at her startled, "Sasami! You didn't watch THAT 
show! I told you not to!" Sadly the little girl nodded her head. 
Everyone else was out of the loop until Mihoshi remembered the movie.
"Oh it was just one of his dad's movies." Everyone looked down and 
groaned then the thought donned on her, "Well it wasn't one of his 
graphic ones it was the one where..." Everyone cut her off by screaming 
her name.
Looking back at the blonde he asked, "When did you last see Ryoko?"
"Oh she was in Washu's lab last time I saw her, but that was after the 
movie." As she said, this Washu had taken a few steps backward to 
distance her self.
"Washu? What have you done? Is this another of your experiments?" She 
could see the anger growing in his eyes, his voice seemed to loose it's 
natural warmth and everything about him turned cold.
She stepped back another step and began to cry as she told them of what 
she had done. How she left Ryoko bound against the wall as she watched. 
Tenchi was almost shaking as he spoke without thinking, "you mean you, 
her mother, locked her up and tortured her!" He was practically 
screaming the last parts.
"Tenchi!" He turned to see the stern face of his grandfather. He lost 
his anger and looked back at the girls. Most of all he looked to Washu.
His words had hit harder than any physical attack could of. She doubled 
over crying hard telling them that it was just to get her to cool down 
a bit and then she went ballistic and started talking to the air as if 
Kagato was there. At the mention of that name his fist clenched around 
the sword as he began to concentrate hard on a relaxation routine 
again. When he had regained his thoughts and composure he was able to 
realize that Washu was upset over what had happened as well.
"The last thing she did," Washu offered in hopes it would calm him 
down, "was call your name Tenchi before her eyes changed."
Looking at her now with an almost disturbing calmness he asked, "Did 
she call my name twice?" 
She looked up at him, "Yes, how. how did you know?"
"I heard her call out my name a while ago, then as I turned on the 
light in my room I heard it again but she wasn't there. Even now I can 
hear her voice like a faint whisper calling out for help."
Approaching him she asked, "How? How's that possible? You don't have 
Psychic powers or even a gem to communicate with her?" Washu and the 
others were equally surprised.
" I don't know, I didn't even have the Master Key in my hand or even 
near me when I heard it the first time." He realized that this was not 
the first time he had thought he heard someone call him, but no one was 
there. He was reminded of when Zero had kidnapped Ryoko and he 
remembered a similar feeling. "When Zero took Ryoko, she'd said that 
she called out for help and it was about that time when I was in your 
lab that I heard someone call my name as well." No one could talk for 
the moment, as they were surprised at what he was suggesting.
Washu nodded her head; "yes she said that she called out, for you, 
but... I guess it was at that same time,"
"Tenchi," Katsuhito said, "now that you know this what are your plans?"
Ayeka knew he would go after her despite how much she wanted him to 
stay away from her. "I'll go and bring Ryoko back to us. Washu, I don't 
know if she can forgive you for what you did." Her head dropped and she 
started to cry again knowing how badly she had treated her only family. 
"But I do know that we all have done things that we wish we could 
change or forget." He looked at everyone one at a time. "Despite the 
evil that can lurk in each of our hearts I can still forgive, but 
things cannot go on forever like this. Washu, can you forgive yourself 
and change? Ayeka can you forgive and change?"
Both looked at him, he seemed so different so changed. It was as if he 
had grown twenty years in one night. They could not answer him. Not 
right now, not yet. Even Mihoshi seemed to be affected by this sudden 
change. He told Washu to take Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi and even his 
grandfather into her lab where they would be safe for the moment. He 
looked in the direction of where he had last seen her. "Remember this, 
I care for each of you, but you must go to a safe place while I bring 
Ryoko back."
At that moment, a tortured scream echoed through the woods, sending a 
shiver through everyone. Tenchi could hear Ryoko call to him as the 
scream permeated the woods about them. Without another word, he ran off 
up the stairs. Ayeka tried to go after him but Katsuhito stopped her, 
"Ayeka! I told you before that there is a time when a man must fight. 
This is Tenchi's battle." She nodded as the five of them entered the 
remains of Washu's lab with Ryo-Ohki.
Entering her lab she went to work having her robotic drones start 
repairing the house while a few worked on her lab. Ayeka and Sasami 
were amazed at the destruction. Both looked at Washu who felt tears 
welling up again as they saw the result of her sin against her own 
daughter.
Ryoko had teleported herself to the top of the cave that had served as 
her prison and home for the past 700 years. She swore that she could 
see Kagato and could sense his displeasure that she had failed because 
of a moment of weakness. Her mind replayed each and every torturous 
thing that he had done to her in the past thousands of years that she 
was with him. As her mind replayed the events, she could feel the pain 
coarse her body like it had never done before.
Unable to control it anymore she began to scream as the torture 
continued. She would not let him know how much she loved Tenchi and how 
when she did recognize him she could not fight anymore. But it was no 
use, she continued to see him being destroyed repeatedly by Kagato as 
her punishment.
Ryoko wanted to be with him badly but she wanted him to know that she 
would protect him. However she had been unable to and he was nearly 
killed on several occasions as she could only stand by helplessly. She 
then knew that he would never love her, she was a pirate, and a demon 
just another abomination created to destroy.
Tenchi could feel her agony, he was not sure how, but he used it to 
locate her. Within moments, he was in front of the cave again. He could 
see a figure above it that he knew was Ryoko. Climbing up he stood just 
over ten feet away as he called her name softly.
"Ryoko?"
She looked up and hissed, as all she saw was Yosho and his sword. 
"Yosho you shall die this time!" She brought up her energy sword and 
advanced on him.
Tenchi dropped to his knees and bowed his head. "Kill me if you must 
Ryoko, but first tell me who I am." She laughed and called him Yosho 
again. "No Ryoko. I'm Tenchi Masaki, your friend. I freed you from this 
cave. Do you remember?"
Her eyes twitched and her sword began to flicker as he watched her 
closely. Inside her mind her emotions were fighting the will inside her 
to strike out at him. Her inner turmoil gave him the time to stand up 
and move to directly in front of her. The energy sword was still there 
so he placed a hand on her wrist. At his touch, she lunged at him.
Scarcely able to catch her other wrist before it did any damage to him 
he caught her other arm, and by some miracle, he managed to use her 
momentum to bring her down to the ground, with him over her pinning her 
down. She hissed at him like a caged animal and tried to bite him. At 
seeing her like this, Tenchi let a tear fall. He could not stand to see 
her like this when he could hear clearly in his head that she was 
screaming for help.
Bringing his head down close to hears and repeated several times, 
"Ryoko, it's me Tenchi. Please come back to me!" As he repeated the 
words, he felt the voice starting to fade away in his head. He began to 
repeat the words not only out loud but also to the fading voice. Caught 
in a mix of emotions he leaned in and gave her a kiss. He tried hard to 
kiss her with out having his face bit or scratched off, as she 
struggled against him at first. But the longer he kissed her the calmer 
she seemed to get.
When her body stopped trying to claw at him and her lips began to kiss 
back he pulled away to see her eyes had returned to their normal 
coloring. Overjoyed he leaned in again and gave her another quick kiss. 
When he pulled away this time, he told her, "Ryoko! I am glad your 
back!"
Looking at him, she could not say a word. She was conscious of 
everything that had happened and she cursed herself at trying to kill 
him. She knew he would never want to see her again, but in the recesses 
of her mind, she hoped that he would still want her back. She just a 
few moments ago had heard him begging her to come back, but when he had 
kissed her it broke the vicious cycle of self-loathing and painful 
memories.
"Tenchi?" He could hear the weakness of her voice but it still sounded 
sweet to him. "Why'd you do that, I mean come for me?"
He had not allowed anything to come into his mind other that getting 
her back and until now he had not been sure as to why. "Ryoko, when you 
called for me from the lab all I could think about was to come and save 
you."
Ryoko recoiled as she remembered the lab, but she then looked up at him 
as if to ask something but unable to form it into words. Tenchi 
answered her unasked question, "I heard you call my name twice last 
night and I began to look for you. I am not sure how, but I am sure 
that you had been calling to me all night." Her mouth hung open as she 
knew this to be correct, but how, why?
His hand against her cheek interrupted her thoughts, as he placed 
another kiss on her lips. She may have wanted to know the answers, but 
they can wait as she returned his kiss. As it continued she rolled him 
over and looked at him, he could tell what she was thinking by that 
look in her eyes.
"No Ryoko." When she heard the words some of her hurt returned till he 
finished. "I love you but the time is not right for that. Just lay down 
with me, ok?"
Her eyes went wide as he said those words. No one had ever said that to 
her and no one cared enough about her just to want to stay with her. 
Unable to speak she just kissed him lightly then curled up beside him 
on the ledge and began to sleep. Tenchi held her tight as he thought of 
his own words. "I've said it, I've told one of them that I love them. 
Now what? What happens when I get home? What happens tomorrow? What do 
I do?" He looked at the smile on Ryoko's face as she slept. There had 
been only a few times when he had seen her this happy.
He then realized that he did not care about all those things, all that 
mattered right here and right now was making the woman in his arms feel 
safe again. He hugged her close and he too drifted off to sleep as the 
sun began to rise.
In the lab Washu began to calm a little as she felt Ryoko's thoughts 
become happy again. Ayeka had allowed her to just sit down as the 
feelings had started to become too much for her. Ryo-Ohki had tried to 
calm her while Ayeka, Sasami, Katsuhito and even Mihoshi worked on 
cleaning up the lab for her.
Tenchi awoke some time later with the feeling of a rock digging into 
his back, but with having Ryoko lay on his chest he ignored the pain. 
He lay there and watched her as she slept, this time with a smile on 
her face and no signs of fear or bad dreams. This was not the first 
time he had watched her sleep; he had done this several times before 
when he awoke in the middle of the night to get a drink. He had also 
watched her as she slept perched up in a tree while he worked in the 
field.
However, now he was holding her as she slept so he let his hand move 
through her hair as he lay there pinned down. For once having her this 
close did not scare him and he did not want to run. Still the thought 
was in the back of his mind about what he should tell Ayeka, not 
wanting to face that he desperately began to think of something else. 
All he could think about though was Ryoko, how soft her hair was as his 
fingers slid through it, how relaxing the sound of her heartbeat was 
and how warm her breath felt. He looked at her face and could not help 
but see just how beautiful she was and how soft her body was against 
him. Although she was still in her combat suit, she seemed relaxed. 
Looking at her, he wondered about last night, how he had heard her so 
clearly. Picturing her in his mind, he began to talk to her image. 
"Ryoko, I. I'm not sure what to say or how to say it." His mind began 
to try to forms the words.
While he thought about this he did not know that Ryoko had woke up as 
he talked to her mental image. Amazingly somehow she heard it, but did 
not realize it was in her mind. She looked at him and asked, "what did 
you want to say?"
His eyes shot open as he looked at her, "you, I mean you heard me?"
"Yes, now what are you trying to say?" She leaned over him and brought 
her face up close to his. For some reason, she did not pick up on the 
fact that he had not voiced those words.
Regaining his concentration, he told the mental image of Ryoko, "It 
seems as though our minds have joined."
Unable to believe it she just looked at him as he spoke to her without 
moving his lips! She responded in kind, to the voice she heard, 
"Tenchi? If this is you tell me, why'd you come to get me?" Her eyes 
searched his for what she desperately wanted to hear.
"Ryoko," he began with his voice, "as I said, it seems that our minds 
have joined somehow." He then finished through their new link, "so now 
let our hearts join. I love you."
Tears formed in her eyes as she heard those words, but she mentally 
told him, "please tell me that out loud so I know I'm not dreaming."
Tenchi nodded and cupped her face in his hand as he told her, this time 
out loud, "Ryoko, I love you." He then kissed her once more as more 
tears, this time it was tears of joy streamed down her face as she 
returned the kiss.
After the kiss he sat up and looked at her, "I still have one problem. 
I'm not sure what to tell Ayeka." Ryoko looked saddened, but not hurt. 
"I care for her too. I'm not sure what I feel for her. And I really 
don't want to hurt her." Ryoko could tell that he was telling the 
truth.
"So, um, what do we do from here?" Never experiencing this type of 
emotion, she was unsure as to what to do.
Smiling he said, "first off no more experiments for either of us." She 
tried to grin at his apparent attempt at humor. "Second, we need to 
return to the house to make sure everyone is ok. And third we need to 
seriously talk about us."
Floating off him, she gave a reassuring smile and then they walked down 
the steps to the house. This time as they walked he had his arm around 
her trying to reassure her that all would be ok. This was a good thing, 
for when they got close enough to the house for her to see the damage 
she tried to run again. He held her tight and would not let her go.
"Ryoko," he began softly, "don't run, everything's gonna be ok. Trust 
me." Looking into his eyes she knew that it would, but that did not 
make the pain or fear go away. Nervously she approached the house, 
looking around at the hole through the house and at the damage done to 
the outside. When they entered the house there was no one to meet them, 
but there were still things laying around the room that needed to be 
cleaned.
Tenchi let go of Ryoko to begin cleaning, and Ryoko joined him and 
together they worked to clean up the living room. After a few moments, 
Ayeka and Sasami left the lab to inspect the house when they saw Tenchi 
and Ryoko cleaning. Sasami seeing that Ryoko was no longer trying to 
kill everyone screamed her name and ran to her. "Ryoko! Ryoko, I'm glad 
you're back. I was worried about you."
When she heard her name being screamed Ryoko turned around just as the 
girl ran into her knocking her down. "Easy kiddo. I'm sorry for scaring 
you. Tenchi's brought me back though I'm not sure that I'd be welcome 
back here after last night." Ryoko looked at the floor in shame of what 
happened.
"Well Miss Ryoko, you are welcome back and Miss Washu has explained the 
situation so it is evident that it was not entirely your fault." Ayeka 
looked at Ryoko and Sasami and could not help but feel sorry for this 
tortured soul that Ryoko was. But more than that Ryoko was a friend 
that was hurting. Just a year ago she would have tried to kill anyone 
that implied that she liked this pirate, but now she is admitting it 
herself.
Standing Ryoko looked at Ayeka, "I, I'm not good at this, but I wanted 
to say I'm sorry for attacking you and destroying your room."
"It's alright you pirate, just don't let it happen again." Ayeka said 
the word pirate with a bit of playfulness; very different from the tone 
she had used so much in the past. She did not know that Tenchi had 
proclaimed his love for the pirate, but his actions had done that for 
him yesterday. She may not be entirely happy about it, but she did have 
to admit that they seemed to really love each other. And she knew that 
someday she would find a love like that as well.
