Disclaimer: I do not, nor do I claim to own any of the characters 
represented in this fan fic. All of these characters and their situations 
are owned by Pioneer and AIC. Please don’t sue me for infringing 
on copyright laws because I am just trying to have a little harmless 
fun with one of my favorite anime series :) Besides, it’s not like I have 
millions of dollars lying around the house to pay for a law suit anyhow, 
so there really would not be any point.

This is a continuation of the story Never Ending Dream. If you  have not
read the chapters previous to this one I strongly suggest that you do so.
I am not forcing you to but, if you don’t , you will have no clue what is 
going on. Thank You!
				
			Never Ending Dream

Chapter 2 - The Date

	Tenchi watched as Ryoko phased out of the room. He could 
tell how happy she was just by the enthusiasm in which she had 
thanked him with. He felt a smile come to his lips and felt a warm 
feeling inside his soul, he was glad to see his friend back to her old 
self. He then felt the spot where she had squeezed his ribs.
	"Ouch," he said. They were still sore to touch. "What have
I done?" he chuckled to himself.
	He began to make his bed, a task he was unable to complete 
this morning due to the fact that Ryoko had been sleeping in it. Tenchi
looked over to his pillow to find a small wet area where her mouth had 
been laying. 
	‘She’s as bad as me,’ he thought to himself. He began to laugh 
out load, he couldn’t figure out why but he just found the whole 
situation very funny at the moment. He continued to make the bed, 
pulling the covers up to his nose for a moment to inhale the familiar 
smell. He though it resembled cherry blossom leaves in the beginning 
of spring. He had always liked Ryoko’s scent, it always carried him away 
to a better place as if he were riding on a spring breeze. He pictured 
himself climbing the branches of one of the cherry blossom trees that 
grew near the cave where he had found Ryoko. As a child he had always 
felt as if he belonged near that cave. There was such a strong sense of 
security, and something else that he could not even find the words to
describe, but it brought him back there day after day. He suddenly 
realized that quite some time had gone by as he was lost in his 
daydream. He laughed at how a single smell could bring back so
many good memories for him. In inhaled one last time, not wanting 
to let the experience go, but knowing that it had to end, Ryoko was 
waiting for him.
	He had never told Ryoko any of this of coarse, for fear of what 
she might do, or was it for fear of what Ayeka might do when she found 
out? Tenchi could not be sure. With that final thought he exited his 
room and headed down toward the kitchen where Ryoko was already
busy stuffing her face.
	"Well you certainly were hungry," he said to her as he entered
the kitchen.
	"Um Hm," she responded with a mouth full of food. She 
tried to say something else but only accomplished in spitting food
all over the table. She quickly swallowed and started over again.
	"Come on and eat some Tenchi," she said to him.
	"Well, I did eat really early today and I guess I could use a 
snack," he answered. He put some sushi on his plate and began to 
nibble at it.
	"This is really good food!" she said through an other mouthful
of food, but this time she made an effort not to spit it half way across the 
room.
	"Yea, Sasami wanted it to be special sense  they were going to 
be gone for a while."
	"Where'd they go?" asked Ryoko curiously.
	"Well, there is this dinner at Jurai that is only held once a 
decade. They said that everybody who is anybody will be there and 
that they would get in big trouble if they didn’t go," he answered.
	"So why didn’t you go?" she asked.
	"Well, you see.." he started.
	"Yes?" she prodded.
	"Ummm, I guess sense you weren't invited I felt kind of bad, 
leaving you here all by yourself and all, and I thought I would give 
you some company," he said turning a little red.
	Ryoko was in complete shock. She didn’t even blink, just kept
staring at him like a statue. ‘What is up with him today?’ she thought.
She knew what the Decades Banquet was, she was not ignorant after 
all. ‘He turned down an invitation to the Decades Banquet to spend 
the day with me? But why?’ It was not like this was just some dinner
invitation he was blowing off, it was just the single biggest event in 
the entire universe that only occurred once every 10 years. ‘Maybe 
he doesn’t understand how big this thing is, yea, that must be it.’
	"Uh, is something wrong Ryoko," he asked sweating a little.
	"No," she quickly responded still to shocked to say anything 
else, "nothing at all." 
	With that she began to eat again. She didn’t realize quite 
how hungry she was until she had gotten to breakfast. She knew she 
had not been eating right over the past week, but simply did not have 
and appetite. It appeared as if it was catching up to her now though, 
for she had already eaten enough food for 3 normal people. Finally she 
looked up to see Tenchi staring at her, apparently ignoring his own 
food.
	"What’s the matter Tenchi, don’t like the food?" she asked. He
had been confusing her all day long.
	"No, I’m just enjoying the view," he said innocently. Ryoko 
turned a deep red and cast her eyes down for a moment. Tenchi began 
to laugh hysterically, "I never thought I would see the day when I would 
make YOU blush," he laughed.
	She looked up at him with a serous face all of the sudden, 
"Tenchi, what is wrong with you today? Not that I mind, it’s just,"
she searched for the right words, "a little unsettling to see you acting
like this."
	"Acting like what?"
	"You know, being all nice to me all of the sudden."
	"To tell you the truth," he began in all honesty, "I don’t know 
what it is with me today. I think it might be that I am just so happy 
to see you back to your old self, almost like my best friend just got back 
from a vacation."
	"Best friend?" she asked confused.
	Tenchi looked as if in deep thought for a moment and she 
hoped that he was not going to take the comment back. "Yea," he 
said, "Even though we may fight sometimes, and I may act like I 
don’t want you around, you have always been the one person in the 
house that I can really talk to. I feel as if there isn’t anything I can’t
tell you about because I know you will listen and understand. You
have always been there for me Ryoko, even when I was just a little boy, 
just like a best friend should."
	"Thanks," she said softly.
	"Hey, we have to get ready you know, I’ll get the dishes, you 
just get yourself ready, I have a big day planned," he said changing 
the subject.
	"Oh yea, I almost forgot!" she responded.
	"Wait a minute, don’t dress up too fancy, I was planning more
of a casual evening," he said.
	"Alright, but you know I can change my clothes  just by 
thinking about it." With that she phased out of sight. Tenchi only 
smiled and began to clean up the dishes.
	Ryoko phased herself into the woman's bath and settled down 
into the warm water. She could not hide her anticipation, but there 
was something else, she was nervous. Her supreme self confidence 
usually made her feel comfortable with almost any situation, but this
time it was not helping her out at all. She had never been on a date 
before, after all, and she knew that dates with Tenchi would be few 
and far between. She held her hand out in front of her and saw it 
shaking violently. 
	"Damn," she said to herself.
	"Come on Ryoko, this is your dream come true. All that you
have worked for since that day you first saw him is coming together.
What is the matter with you?" It was not helping. Her dream was 
finally coming true and all she could think about was how she was 
going to screw it up. A furious debate was going on inside her head.
	"You are going to mess everything up just like you always
do! One false move and he is never going to speak to you again."
	"It’s not like that though, he is not like that. Sure he has hurt
you sometimes but he has never held a grudge."
	"But he has never been embarrassed like he will be tonight.
You are going to do something to make him hate you and you can 
kiss any small chance that you ever had with him goodbye!"
	"But he gave up the Decades Banquet to go out with you."
	"Yea right. He said it himself, he is only doing this because  
he feels sorry for you. It is not like he actually wants to go out with you
or anything."
	"No, it’s not like that at all. He felt bad for her, not sorry for 
her. There is a big difference."
	"So what, that doesn’t change the fact that you are going to 
ruin everything."
	"That’s easy, just go and tell him that you are nervous, he’ll 
understand, he already told you that you are his best friend."
	"That was out of pity. He doesn’t think your his friend at all. 
You two have nothing in common. If you tell him that you are nervous 
then he will laugh at you and probably say that you should call the 
whole thing off."
	"That is not fair, Tenchi has never laughed at you."
	"But he has yelled at you, a lot. And he even hit you once.
What is to stop him from laughing?"
	Ryoko couldn’t take it anymore. She was so unused to 
doubting herself that she was almost sick from all the worrying.
This bath was not helping her either. How she wanted to run to him 
and tell him all of her fears. She desperately wanted to be able to 
confide in him like he always did in her, but she was too afraid. She 
had no idea what to do, and no idea how to find out.
	Tenchi was no less nervous then Ryoko was. His was a 
different kind of nervousness though, he was sure that she would 
approve of him, hell, when had she even no approved of him? He 
wanted to make today so special, he wanted it to be the best day she 
had ever had. Tenchi could not even figure out why this day was so
important to him, maybe it was because he knew how important it
would be for her, or maybe it was just that this was his first date and,
for some reason, that was very important. After thinking about it he 
decided it was a little bit of both. 
	He slipped on a pair of blue jeans and a black shirt. On top 
of that he wore a brown jacket that he liked to wear when working in
the fields. It was going to be kind of cold be nightfall seeing how it 
was early November. The days were not bad at all, usually in the mid 
sixties, but nights could be quite uncomfortable. Before leaving the 
room he grabbed a watch off of his dresser, he certainly didn’t want 
to still be out when Ayeka got back. He also grabbed a brown wallet
and opened it to look at it’s contents. To his surprise he found a very
large some of money along with a note:
	
	Dear Tenchi,
		I figured you might be a little low on cash at the 
	moment since you don’t really have a job, so I took the 
	liberty of providing you with my latest invention. This 
	wallet, while it may look like yours, has the ability to 
	generate money. There will be $200 in cash every time 
	you open it. Don’t go spending it all in one place now, 
	actually, I don’t even think that is possible. Anyway, have
	a good time.
					- Washu

	Tenchi smiled, "She thinks of everything doesn’t she," he
said to himself. He stuffed the wallet into his back pocket and looked
at his watch. 12:00 it read. "Well, I guess that we should be going now,
the bus ride will take long enough and I don’t want to be wasting time 
around here."
	He went down the steps to see that Ryoko was still no where 
to be found. He was surprised that it was taking so long for her to get 
ready, especially since she had mentioned that she could phase into 
anything she wanted with a mere thought. Just then he heard noise 
coming from the bath.
	"Are you ready yet Ryoko, I was hoping to get and early start
on the day," he called.
	"Just a second," he heard her call back. He was about to go 
sit down when he heard the door to the bath slide open.
	Ryoko stood there dressed in a light blue pair of jeans, 
a white short sleeve shirt with a black jacket over it, though 
unzipped, and a small pair of black boots. She had her normally 
wild hair put up in a small pony tail that hung down a little below 
her shoulders.  Tenchi was surprised to see that she had on a tiny 
bit of makeup as well. On her lips she had tin lines of pink lip stick
and a tiny bit of mascara around her eyes. She also had a trace of 
powder on her face that gave her checks a faint rosy glow. Even 
though she was not dressed for a fancy night out Tenchi thought 
she was quite beautiful. 
	Ryoko, who had originally had her gaze a little downcast,
looked up into Tenchi’s eyes desperately searching for approval. She 
had never worn makeup before and was praying that it did not make 
her look stupid.
	Tenchi walked up to Ryoko and put his arm around her waist.
"You look great," he said. He saw her turn a little redder all of the 
sudden, but decided it was best to let it slide. "Shall we go," he asked.
	She nodded  enthusiastically and they headed out the door and 
to the bus station. As they walked down the path from the house they 
cold not help but marvel at they beauty of the scenery. It just so 
happened that they had picked a perfect day to go out, or was that 
Washu’s doing as well? The trees were more colorful then at almost
any other time in the year. They were full of various shades of yellow, 
orange, red, brown, and green. The scene was so breathtaking that both 
Ryoko and Tenchi chose not to say a word while in the presence of the 
forest for fear of disturbing the tranquility of it all.
	They reached the bus stop and looked down the street. For as far 
as they could see there was no bus approaching. After a few minutes 
Ryoko began to grow very impatient. 
	"You know Tenchi," she said, "it would be much faster if I just 
flew us over to where ever it is we are going."
	Tenchi visibly shuddered at the idea, he really did not want to 
go flying around with Ryoko. To his surprise he looked over to see 
Ryoko staring at the ground looking very hurt. He decided, for her sake, 
to trust her not to drop him.
	"You know," he began, "it would be a lot faster and these buses 
are always so late anyway. Just try not to go too fast, alright?"
	She looked up with hopeful eyes, "You really mean it! Your 
going to let me fly you there?"
	"Yea, just take it easy, I’m not as experienced with it as you are."
	Ryoko wasted no time in picking Tenchi off his feet and into the 
air. He dared not open his eyes, however, for fear of falling. 
	"You can open your eyes now," Ryoko smirked at him.
	Slowly he opened his right eye, then his left, and then looked 
down at the ground 100 feet below them. Ryoko felt his grip tighten 
around her, but she didn’t mind at all. His grip loosened again as the trip 
went on, he marveled at how beautiful the landscape looked from way up 
there. He started to realize why she liked to fly so much, it made him feel
so free, like a bird. He felt a sudden rush of wind through his hair as 
Ryoko sped up and closed his eyes savoring the experience. 
	"Uh, Tenchi, not that I’m not enjoying this, but we are not 
going to get anywhere if you don’t tell me where we are going," Ryoko
said breaking the silence.
	"Yea, that might help a little," he answered. "Over to the 
east there is a small beach with a boardwalk and an amusement park.
It attracts a lot of tourists, but at this time of year it should not be very
crowded. If we keep heading in that direction we should be able to 
see it before too long," he finished.
	"Alright then, hold on to your seat!" she warned.
	"Ryoko!" he screamed as she sped through the air at an 
incredible speed.
	She slowed down and looked into his brown eyes. She could see the 
fear that was now present. "Tenchi, I promise I will not let you fall. 
Just trust me." Something in her gaze made him relax. He nodded in
agreement and she sped off again.
	After a little searching they found the spot that they were 
looking for. 
	"Why didn’t you tell me we were going to the beach Tenchi?"
she asked, "I would have worn my bathing suit."
	"If you think you can go swimming this time of yea be my 
guest," he answered sarcastically. "This time of year that water must 
like ice."
	"Yea, I guess you have a point," she said. "So what are we 
going to do first?" 
	"Well, personally I am a little hungry after that trip, but 
seeing how much you ate this morning I don’t know if you want to 
eat yet."
	"I could get something," she said. Tenchi smiled and shook 
his head.
	"What?" she asked.
	"Not a thing," he responded.
	Tenchi looked around for a good place to eat, not seeing one
in the immediate area he suggested that they walk down to a spot with 
more stores.
	"There is a McDonalds," she said as they passed it by.
	"Do you really want to eat there, I’m not sure if that stuff is 
really meat," he joked. As they kept going he noticed a pizza house and
asked Ryoko if she would like to go in there. She accepted since she 
hadn’t had pizza, well, ever that she could remember.
	"It’s is really good," Tenchi said, "They take bread and cover it 
with tomato sauce and cheese. You can put lots of different things on it 
too if you want."
	He just ordered one large pizza knowing that Ryoko had just ate 
and that he was not that big an eater himself. Twenty minutes later he 
paid the man and they sat down at a picnic bench on the sand to eat.
	Ryoko looked curiously at the mound of cheese and bread not 
knowing exactly where to start. Tenchi pulled a piece off and started to 
eat it, purposely not saying anything  so she would not feel embarrassed. 
She followed his example, taking a big bite of the thin end. Her eyes 
widened as she tasted what had to be the best food she had ever had in 
her life. She hadn't known that people were capable of making food
taste this good. She chose to eat her food slowly for two reasons, first 
off she wanted to savor every bite of this tremendous food, and secondly
she knew that she had to impress Tenchi and didn’t want him to be
repulsed by her table manners.
	Tenchi was actually a little unhappy to see her taking her time 
with her food like she was. She had seemed so happy when eating this 
morning and now she seemed like she was putting on another act.
	"Is something wrong with it Ryoko, I thought you would 
like it," he said.
	"Hmm, what do you mean?"
	"Well, you just don’t seem to be enjoying it like you usually
do. I’m sorry, if you don’t like it then we can get something else..."
	"No, that’s not it! I love it. Really. I just didn’t want to 
embarrass you with the way I eat," she said. 
	Tenchi felt a little guilty, he realized that by his constant 
yelling he had made her paranoid around him. He only wanted her 
to be herself right now. "Your not going to embarrass me Ryoko, I 
want you to have fun today, not be feeling like you have to impress
me."
	She was about to tell him why she was acting like that, she 
was so close to telling him her fears at that very moment, but that stupid
voice spoke up from inside her again. It told her not to get ahead of 
herself, he could still reject her at the drop of a hat. As much as she 
wanted to she could not ignore it. She just nodded at Tenchi and went
back to eating, this time making a note to eat faster while still trying not
to make herself look like a pig.
	After eating they decided to go for a walk. As they were walking 
they saw a sign that read "Volleyball Tournament Today". After further 
observation they saw it was open to all comers and teams only consisted 
two people.
	"Your pretty good at volleyball Ryoko," Tenchi said, "You think 
we could win?" 
	"What are you talking about, of coarse we would win! With your 
Jurian powers and my abilities I hardly think..." she was cut off.
	"I mean if we didn’t use our powers," he stated.
	"Well, I don’t know, it would not be as easy that way."
	"That’s the point! Let’s go, it will be fun." He grabbed her 
hand and started to pull her along behind him.
	"Excuse me ma’am," Tenchi said to the lady at the desk, "Is 
this where we sign up for the volleyball tournament?"
	She looked from Tenchi to Ryoko and back to Tenchi, "Why
yes it is!" she said, "This is great, we were in need of an eighth team
and had no idea where to get one. All you have to do is sign your 
names here," she said pointing to the dotted line.
	"Alright then, glad we could help," he answered. "Just one 
more thing though, do you have clothes we could borrow, we can’t 
really play in these," he finished motioning to his current wardrobe.
	"Yes we do as a matter of fact," said the woman, " Just go 
over to that man there and he’ll set you up with some clothing."
	"Thank you," Tenchi replied.
	Tenchi and Ryoko were set up with matching spandex shorts
and Ryoko was given a sports bra. "What do you think Tenchi?" she 
asked slyly coming out of the ladies dressing room. Tenchi turned a 
little red and didn’t say anything. Ryoko just gigged and gave him 
a seductive look. 
	Ryoko and Tenchi looked as if they were in a dance while 
out on the sand. Her movements were delicate yet powerful, her grace
was undeniable. Tenchi moves were very fluent in their own, although
he could not compare to her, he was always in perfect balance and 
form. Their training in the art of fighting had them in tremendous 
shape as well. There perception was on such a level that they almost 
knew where the ball was going long before it was hit. Their first 
match went very smoothly with Tenchi and Ryoko winning the first 
three games 25-10, 25-4, and 25-2. Although neither of them had
played very much, they mastered it very quickly.
	"That was quite a performance you put on there," a man 
said coming up to them after their match. He had also noticed that 
they had hardly broken a sweat.
	"Thanks," they both said at the same time.
	"I must say that I have never seen a woman move with such 
grace before," he said moving closer to Ryoko, "But you two aren’t 
the only good players in this competition. That team over there," he
said referring to the two men playing currently, "are the returning  
champions five years running. It’s going to take a lot to beat them."
	"Well, I think we can handle it," she said confidently. 
	"You have such confidence in yourself, I like that in a woman,"
the man said putting himself between Ryoko and Tenchi, "perhaps after 
this tournament we could  go out for a bite to eat?" he asked.
	"Listen..." she began.
	"Kohito," the man interrupted.
	"Yea, well, I already  have a date and ..."
	"And I am sure that he could never live up to your high 
standards like I could," the man said confidently.
	Tenchi was growing very tired of this arrogant bastard that 
they were talking to, or should he say Ryoko was talking to. He noticed 
that is fist was clenched and his knuckles were turning white. Tenchi 
had no idea where this overwhelming feeling of jealousy had come from, 
all he knew was that he hated this man! He was so angry that this man 
was flirting with his Ryoko that all he could see was red.
	‘MY Ryoko?’ he thought, ‘What the hell am I talking about,
she is not mine, she is not even my girlfriend.’ The man then grabbed 
Ryoko by the hand, she pulled away and was obviously growing very 
annoyed at this point.
	‘How dare he touch her!,’ he thought.
	"Listen Kohito," Tenchi said in a very harsh voice.
	"Mr. Kohito to you boy," he interrupted.
	"Whatever, you can leave now or I can make you leave, the 
choice is yours," finished Tenchi in a very determined voice.
	Ryoko was amazed, was Tenchi actually standing up for her?
No, that couldn’t be it, it had to be something else. She just stood back 
watching, having great confidence in Tenchi’s ability.
	The man made no move whatsoever. Tenchi turned to Ryoko,
"Lets go," he said putting his left arm around her waist, "we have a 
tournament to win." 
	The man grabbed Tenchi by the arm as he turned 
away, but before Kohito could make a move Tenchi threw a left hook 
across his face. To the man’s credit he did not go down. He lunged at 
Tenchi with a big right fist, which Tenchi easily ducked. Tenchi came 
up beneath  the man’s awkward blow and delivered an uppercut to his
exposed stomach making a point not to hold back so much strength 
this time. The man fell to the ground gasping for air, Tenchi had not 
meant to hit him so hard but was to mad to control it.
	He turned to Ryoko and smiled, "Sorry about that," he said,
"I guess I just lost it."
	"No problem Tenchi, if you hadn’t done it I probably would 
have," she replied with a wink.
	There next round was no more difficult then the last, in fact,
they found that they had an easier time with it now that they had gotten 
the hang of the sport. After winning the first two games 25-3 and 25-4
respectively , their opponents seemed to lose hope and went down 25-0 
in the last game.
	"You guys sure put on a good show out there," said a voice
from behind them. They turned around to see the woman that signed
them up to be in the tournament smiling at them. "I could tell just by
looking at you two that you would be good," she continued. "You 
might even be able to give our champions a run for their money."
	"What do you mean might?" Ryoko said a little frustrated 
that everyone still doubted their talent. 
	"Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean any disrespect," she apologized 
bowing a little, "It’s just that our champions used to play professionally
and have never been beaten in this competition before."
	"Well they have never faced us before either," Ryoko said with 
finality.
	Tenchi chuckled to himself, it was just like her to get all 
worked up over a little competition. To be honest, though, Tenchi was
just as in to this as she was. He was curious to see how his skills could
hold up against someone who used to play pro. 
	They both sat down on a bench to view the champions in action.
"I’ll be right back," Tenchi said. He returned with a bottle of water in 
each hand. He offered one to Ryoko and she accepted with a smile. They
watched in awe as the champions went to work on their opponents.  
They worked as if they shared a like mind, there moves were so in sync 
that Tenchi began to second guess himself about how the match would go.
Ryoko, on the other hand, was studying them with a careful eye, looking
for any flaw in their strategy that could be exploited.
	"What are you thinking?" Tenchi asked her in an effort to break
the silence. 
	"Well," she began, "When they spike the ball they seem to lose
focus, obviously because they don’t expect it to be returned. I think if I 
can get under it then you will be able to spike it in behind them after
I bump it to you. Also I noticed..." 
	Tenchi put his finger up to her lips quieting them. Her heart 
was racing as she felt an electric shock go through her body as a result 
of his touch. He slowly moved his finger away, she was too stunned to
react right away.
	"We will win," he said, "We are here to have fun, remember?"
	"Yes."
	"Good, then don’t worry so much, this is not about the title," 
he said smiling. She nodded and returned to watching the match, this 
time less for strategy and more just for the enjoyment of it.
	Soon enough it was time for their match. the opponents shook 
hands before the match and then got ready to begin. The champions, 
because of league  rules, got to serve first. Tenchi received it returning 
it with ease. He set it up for Ryoko and she spiked it as hard as she 
could, without relying on the power of her gems of coarse. One of 
the opponents, the shorter one, dove to the sand and performed a
one handed bump to his friend who in turn spiked it away from a 
stunned Ryoko. She dove for it, but to no avail for it was hit far 
to fast for her to dig. 
	"Shit!" she cursed and hit the sand with her fist. She looked
to Tenchi as is asking for permission to use her powers.
	He walked over to her with a smile on his face and offered 
her his hand. She accepted and as he helped her up he whispered, 
"Don’t get upset, let just have some fun." Looking into his eyes she 
nodded her agreement and they got set again. 
	This time the serve was short so Ryoko bumped it up for 
Tenchi. He set it in turn and she performed a perfect spike right beside 
the net. The taller man attempted to save it but only hit it into his own 
side of the net. Tenchi gave Ryoko a wink and the match went on.
	Finally it was the last game, the score was tied at two games a 
piece and both parties were showing signs of fatigue. The champs had 
taken the first game 25-22 and the forth game 27-25. Tenchi and 
Ryoko had scored back to back wins in the second and third game with 
scores of  29-27and 25-20 respectively. As they looked around they 
could see that they had gathered quite a crowd throughout the afternoon. 
This was the most exciting match that anyone had seen in a long, long 
time. 
	The score was now 23-22 in the champs favor with Ryoko 
serving. She tried to put a backspin on the ball as she served to confuse 
the champs, but it did not work. They set it high in the air, but just as 
they were about to finish it Tenchi leapt up out of nowhere to block their 
shot. The shorter of the men attempted a dig but wound up with a mouth 
full of sand. Earlier in the match he would have been able to save it but 
now he was just way too tired. Tenchi and Ryoko, on the other hand, 
only seemed to be moving faster although they were both very tired as well. 
Tenchi served to the taller of the two men who executed a perfect bump 
to his partner who spiked it to Ryoko’s left side. She reacted immediately 
going into a side roll  and just barley making the save. Tenchi dove 
from behind to get the ball higher in the air knowing that if he could do 
that, Ryoko would finish it. His hit was directly on target and Ryoko 
hit a shot aimed for the back right corner of their opponents court.
The shorter of the men hit it in a reverse position so that it soared 
over his head for the other side of the court. Ryoko was waiting, 
however, and used the opportunity to hit the ball to the weak side. The 
taller man saw what she was doing and covered a lot of ground getting 
to the spot the ball was hit. He saved it in time but his partner had not
yet recovered from his acrobatic move and was not able to reach the 
pass. Ryoko and Tenchi were now on match point, they got themselves
ready as Ryoko served the ball over the net. After a bump from the 
shorter man, the tall opponent sent the ball flying to the rear of the 
court. He did not want to get blocked again by someone as short as 
Tenchi. Ryoko set it up for Tenchi, but a bit awkwardly as Tenchi 
struggled to get a good hit off. He managed to send it to the opposite 
side but realized his error when the taller man laid a perfect pass
out for his counterpart. Just as the man was about to spike it Ryoko
and Tenchi both jumped up for the block at the same time, each getting
one hand on the ball. The taller man was quick to get to it, not wanting 
to get beaten so easily. His teammate sent it over the net right into 
Ryoko’s waiting hands. She set it high for Tenchi who spiked it right
between the two diving opponents to end the match.
	"We did it!," screamed Ryoko diving into Tenchi’s arms. For 
once he did not resist giving her a big hug. The pair could not hide their 
joy, not only in winning but in the fun they had doing it.
	"Congratulations," said the taller of the men as he walked 
over to shake their hands.
	"You two played a wonderful match!" the shorter of the
two put in.
	"Thanks, you too," said Tenchi.
	"Yea, we had a lot of fun," Ryoko added.
	"We hope to face you again next year," the they said.
	Ryoko looked to Tenchi as if asking him if there will be a next
time. Tenchi looked back at her and said, "I’m up for it if you are 
Ryoko."
	"We’ll be here," she said enthusiastically. 
	After they had received  their trophy and had been 
congratulated by more then a few people Ryoko and Tenchi both 
decided to make a quick trip to the public baths. They were happy
to find out that they would get in for free since they had competed 
in the tournament. Once clean, both of their stomachs told them it 
was about time for dinner. They decided to grab some hotdogs from
a close by vendor and wolfed them down in record time.
	"This has sure been a fun day," Ryoko said looking over to 
Tenchi who was in full agreement.
	"It is not over yet, do you know what miniature golfing is?"
he asked her. 
	"Is that like what they do on TV?" she asked.
	"Sort of, except it is on a small coarse, you never do a full 
swing."
	"Oh," she said.
	"I know it is really boring on TV but trust me, you’ll 
have a great time."
	Ryoko had her doubts, but she had been wrong about lots of 
things today. She wanted to be with Tenchi, and no matter what he 
wanted to do it was alright with her.
	As they reached the coarse, Ryoko couldn’t help but notice 
how many props there were. It was almost as if they were in a rain 
forest as soon as they walked in. Tenchi paid the man and was given 
two adult size clubs.
	"Which ball do you want?" asked Tenchi.
	"What!" she screamed in total shock.
	Tenchi looked at her for a minute and then his eyes grew large 
while he turned deep red, "That’s not what I meant!" he scolded, 
"You have to chose which GOLF ball you want."
	"Oh, I see," she said innocently. Her voice then turned very low
and seductive as she said, "For a minute there I thought you were coming
on to me Tenchi."
	"Really Ryoko, you have such a dirty mind," he said shaking 
his head.
	"Aww, what a sweet thing to say!" she answer smartly.
	In truth that one moment she had thought he had come on to her 
like that scared the hell out of her. Sure she liked to play dirty with him, 
but only when she was in control. She thought for a minute about how 
he must feel when she acted like that.
	‘Maybe I should turn it down a notch from now on,’ she thought.
	She picked a light blue ball that seemed a perfect match for her 
hair. Tenchi, on the other hand, picked a bright yellow ball that seemed 
to match the color of her eyes, she did not notice the coincidence 
though.
	"Before we go to the coarse lets practice a little bit, you can
try to get your form down," he said.
	She placed the ball down on the ground and took a big swing 
sending it flying into the next county. Tenchi broke out laughing, 
holding his sides and almost falling on the ground. Ryoko got a very
sad look on her face.
	‘Oh no, he’s laughing at me, I knew this was going to 
happen! I made a fool of myself and now he is going to hate me. Oh
please stop laughing Tenchi, please!’ she pleaded.
	After a minute Tenchi stopped his outburst and upon seeing 
the look on her face, grew quite worried. "What’s wrong Ryoko?"
	"You laughed at me," she said sadly.
	"What do you mean?" Tenchi was very confused, he thought 
for sure that she would have found the situation funny. She just stared 
at the ground, not knowing what to do. Right now she felt as if she 
could just crawl into a corner and die.
	"I’m sorry," he said sincerely, "I didn’t mean to make you feel 
bad, I was laughing at what happened, not at you. I would never laugh 
at you. Come on, why don’t you try again." With that he ran away and
was back 10 seconds later with a new ball. 
	"I don’t know if I like this," she said still staring at the ground.
	"Come back here with me, I’ll show you how to do it," he
said. Hesitantly she obeyed. 
	"Alright, first off, you hold the club like this," he said 
wrapping his hands around her body and on top of hers. She blushed a 
deep red as he touched her but kept it hidden. He put her hands on the 
club in proper form, but didn’t remove his hands. "Now when you hit 
the ball you only want to tap it a little bit, like this," he explained 
guiding her through the motion. 
	She was not really paying attention, she was to engrossed in 
his touch to listen. His grip was firm but gentle, his hands warm and 
soothing, she felt as if she could fall asleep in his arms this very 
moment.
	"You got all that?" he asked, "Ryoko, you got all that?"
	"Huh, yea, I got it," she lied.
	"Then why don’t you try again," he said.
	"Alright." She brought the club back and swung with less 
force this time, but still way  too much for a small coarse like this. The 
ball ricocheted off of a rock and hit Tenchi right between the eyes 
causing him to fall on the ground.
	"Ouch," was all that he could say.
	"Oh my god, I’m sorry, are you okay Tenchi?" she knelt
down next to him suddenly very concerned. Tenchi saw the look on 
her face and started to laugh again. This time, however, Ryoko 
began to laugh too, and they both wound up rolling on the ground in 
complete hysterics. 
	After a few more practice shots Ryoko got her form down 
and learned not to hit the ball quite so hard. As it turned out she loved
miniature golfing, and after the first run, she talked Tenchi into
two more games before they left. Although they both liked the golfing
itself, they seemed to spend much more time joking around and talking 
to each other. Tenchi could tell she was having a great time. She even
won the final game they played by 2 shots.
	"Aww, come on Tenchi, just one more time?" she pleaded.
	"That’s what you said the last time. I’ve still got more to 
show you and we won’t get to it if we stay here," he said. She looked
longingly at the coarse but decided to stop bugging him about it.
	As the evening had gone on Ryoko was feeling more and 
more comfortable with this date then she had ever thought possible.
She was acting just like her old self again, and Tenchi found that 
he liked her much better that way.
	"So where are we going now Tenchi?" she asked.
	"Well, you can’t go to the boardwalk without playing the 
games now can you?" he asked.
	"Oh yea, are you going to win me something?" she said 
while snuggling up to him.
	"Uhh, yea, I’ll try," he stammered.
	Upon entering Ryoko caught something out of the corner of her
eye. "Test your Strength," read the title. It was a long shaft with
a bell connected to the top. Apparently you hit the bottom of the 
unit and try to make a small metal piece hit a bell at the top and ring it. 
She saw a man showing off his muscles as he stepped up to the machine.
She hated people like that, who just wanted to flaunt their strength, 
so she decide to teach him a lesson. The body builder hit is with all
the force he could muster and came within a foot of hitting the bell. 
There was a precession of Ohh’s and Ahh’s, then Ryoko stepped up
to the bell. Tenchi watched with interest as she approached the game.
	"Excuse me miss, but if you want to hit it then you have to 
pay a dollar," the operator said. She looked to Tenchi with a 
determined face, Tenchi go the message and paid the man.
	"What does she get if she hits it?" Tenchi asked.
	"Well, first of all, no one has ever hit the bell, but, if by
some miracle of god she manages to do it, then she gets to chose
from these prizes. Tenchi looked over to the 3 foot tall stuffed animals 
hanging above the man’s head. He gave a wink to Ryoko and 
stepped back to let her swing. 
	She got the message, Tenchi was eager to put that muscle
bound meat head in his place as well. She spit in her hands and 
rubbed them together. She then picked up the hammer, felling it’s 
weight, and gave a smashing blow to the bottom of the machine. As
it turns out she drastically overestimated how hard it would be to hit 
the bell for her shot sent the metal piece into and through the bell, 
severing it from the rest of the tower.
	"Opps," she said. When she noticed that everyone was staring 
at her she tried to cover up.
	"Oh my!" she said in a sweet and innocent voice, "I guess
I don’t know my own strength!"
	She looked over to Tenchi expecting to see that same 
disappointed scowl on his face that he always had when she messed 
something up, but she found he was about to crack up, and not doing
a very good job of hiding it either. The body builder was in awe, all
of the wind taken out of his sail by this tiny woman who had beaten 
him. 
	Tenchi walked over to the operator, "We’ll take this one," 
he said pointing to a giant brown bear in the corner. He and Ryoko
then hurried away not wanting to attract any more attention to 
themselves then the already had.
	"You sure put that guy in his place!" Tenchi 
congratulated giving her a warm smile.
	"So your not mad?" she said confused.
	"No, that was great! Now that you’ve won me a prize, 
though I have to go and win you one." He grabbed her arm and 
they went off.
	They walked around a bit looking for a game that they 
both wanted to play. Aside from the really corny ones and the 
ones that were just impossible there wasn’t very much selection.
Something caught Tenchi’s attention from across the path, 
there was a bottle laying on the ground with a fishing pole sitting
next to it. The fishing pole had a ring on the end of the line rather 
then a hook. 
	"You sir!" shouted the man running the stand, "You want to 
try your luck?"
	"How do I play," Tenchi asked.
	"It’s simple," the man said, "all you have to do is pick this 
bottle up with this fishing pole, and you win a prize."
	"Sounds easy enough," Tenchi replied. He was handed the rod 
and put in front  of a bottle. He lifted it with ease and wondered why 
people would be given prizes for such an easy task. 
	"Very good sir," said the man, "and here is your prize."
	He handed Tenchi a long, flat, black piece of fur with one eye
one it. Both he and Ryoko looked at it, then back at each other, then to 
the man.
	"What is it?" they both said in unison.
	"That, sir is what you win for standing one bottle up. If you 
wish to play again, for another dollar that is, you can win a prize of 
from the next level."
	"And when do I get to those prizes?" Tenchi asked pointing to 
giant stuffed animals hanging from the ceiling.
	"Those are level 10 prizes, you must stand 10 bottles up in a 
row without dropping one to win them," the man answered. Tenchi 
looked over to Ryoko to see that see was eyeing a large stuffed 
Siberian tiger.
	"Alright," he said, "just set up ten in a row for me and I’ll just 
win one of those."
	"Remember, sir, they have to be consecutive, if you drop one 
you lose all of your prizes and have to start over."
	"Just do it," Tenchi said handing the man a ten dollar bill.
	Ryoko smiled, she was enjoying Tenchi’s little charade. She 
knew that this type of a task was no problem for someone of Jurian 
ancestry, but that was not the point, he was doing it for HER. That 
doubtful voice inside of her was completely gone now, she felt almost
like she was lost in a dream. She secretly prayed to herself that it was 
real, or if it was a dream that she would never wake up.
	Tenchi fumbled a bit with numbers 3 and 7, but not too much.
When he was done the man congratulated him and asked him what 
prize he would like.
	"Well?" he said to Ryoko. She pointed to her tiger and, upon 
giving back the black whatever it was, they left.
	As they were walking Ryoko caught sight of an ice cream 
stand.  "Hey Tenchi," she said in a sweet voice, "would you like to 
buy me some ice cream?"
	"Yea, that sounds pretty good," he answered. "What flavor 
do you want?" he asked upon arriving at the stand.
	"Vanilla."
	"Two vanilla soft serves please," Tenchi said to the girl 
working the counter.
	"Coming right up," she answered in a cherry voice that 
somehow seemed familiar.
	"Mihoshi!" Tenchi screamed.
	"Tenchi, is that you! Oh, I didn’t recognize you! How are 
you, what are you doing here?" said the blonde detective.
	"Well, I was just about to ask you the same thing," he said
	"Well, you see, Kiyone and I were a little short on money so
we decided to take up part time jobs here to help pay the bills. We 
have already had to cut back to one bath a week..."
	"Mihoshi! I told you to shut up about that!" a voice yelled.
	"Hey Kiyone," Tenchi said.
	Kiyone’s head popped out from behind the ice cream machine,
"Oh hi Tenchi, what are you doing here." She looked behind him to 
see Ryoko sitting on a bench waiting for him and her mouth dropped 
open in amazement.
	"What are you staring at Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked and then 
saw Ryoko for herself, "Oh I get it, you are on a date with Ryoko! Oh
that is so wonderful Tenchi, I knew from the start you two would be 
good together. You know.." she just started rambling at that point. 
Tenchi and Kiyone just looked at each other and sighed. 
	"Listen Kiyone, I don’t want Ayeka to know about this, you
think that we could just make this our little secret?" he asked.
	"I’ll keep quite, but Mihoshi will be a problem."
	"Yea, I just hope she forgets it happened, I am going to have
a hell of a fight on my hands if Ayeka finds out," he said glumly.
	"Well, here is your ice cream," Kiyone said, "try not to 
worry about Ayeka, everything will work out fine."
	"Thanks," he said, "I’ll see you later."
	"Bye," both detectives said.
	"What took so long?" asked Ryoko when Tenchi returned 
with their ice cream.
	"I was just talking to Mihoshi and Kiyone, it appears that
they are working here to earn a little *ahem* bath money."
	Ryoko looked over to see Kiyone yelling at Mihoshi who 
had apparently just spilt ice cream all over the floor. They both 
chuckled about the situation as they ate their ice cream. 
	Tenchi took a look at his watch, it read 10:10. "Shit!" he 
screamed.
	"What!" yelled Ryoko jumping to her feet.
	"Ayeka is going to be back at the house around 11 and it 
is going to take us an hour to get back with you moving at top 
speed, we’d better leave now," he said urgently.
	Ryoko looked up at the night sky, it was cloudy with no 
moon and no stars. "I can’t," she said quietly as she shifted her
gaze downward.
	He looked at her confused, "Why not?"
	"Because it is dark," she said still staring at the ground.
	"I know it’s dark, Ryoko, but we can still see well enough 
to find our way I am..."
	"No," she yelled, but then her voice was a mere whisper, "You
don’t understand. I just can’t, that’s all." Her voice was shaky and he 
could see her tremble visibly. Tenchi walked over and put an arm 
around her shoulder.
	"Hey, what’s wrong. If you tell me maybe I can help," he 
suggested.
	She looked into his eyes and he could see the start of tears.
She gazed at him deeply, trying to draw strength from his soul.
She felt a lump form in her throat as she tried to get the words
out. "I’m scared," she whispered.
	Tenchi could sense her fear in opening up to him like this,
he took her hand and lead her away from the people to a more private 
place where they could talk. He purposely picked a bench which was 
under a street light away from the crowd. She looked very small to 
him, almost like a lost little girl.
	"Look Ryoko, it’s okay to be afraid. Everyone is scared of  
something."
	"I’m sorry Tenchi, I wish I was stronger, but every time I am
in the dark it reminds me of that damn cave. I can’t stand it."
	He knew this was not something she really wanted to talk 
about, not yet anyway. He held her close to him for a minute and then
spoke up. "Why don’t we take the bus home," he said, "it leaves in 
fifteen minutes and if we’re lucky it will get us back there in two 
hours, maybe even before Ayeka gets back." She gave him a weak 
smile and a nod.

End Chapter 2

Alright, this chapter was more the length that I was looking for.
I had a little trouble in the end trying to fit in another conflict, 
but I think it turned our well. I had considered continuing the 
chapter at this point, but upon reading it back to myself this 
just seemed like a good place to stop.

As always, I love feedback, please send any of your comments or 
suggestions to robertwind@hotmail.com. Even if you don’t have 
anything to say just tell me that you read it, you don’t even have to say 
what you thought of it. It gives me a lot of inspiration knowing that 
my stories are being read, and hopefully enjoyed. If you have questions 
I will do my best to answer them. Please be patient in allowing me to 
get back to you however, I am not one of these people that checks their 
e-mail on n hourly bases :). If you leave your e-mail and request a 
response I WILL get back to you, just give me time.

If you would like to post this story one your web site, or use it for 
any other reason, please ask my permission first. I like to know 
where my story is and has been. 

I expect to have the next chapter out soon. Thank You!

	




	

 


	
 




 


	
