New Partner!
Chapter Ten: Cry Havoc!

    "What do you think they will do now?" asked Tenchi, gesturing towards
the
Hive fleet.
    "I don't know," stated Washu, "we'll just have to watch and learn."
    The Hive ships seemed to be clumping together and increasing their
speed.
 Ryoko frowned as she brushed a strand of cyan hair out of her face, looking
between the Hive ships and those ships of the Jurai.  "Hey! I think they
plan
to ram their way through!"
    "That can't be," commented Ayeka from her station, "they don't have the
firepower to take out Jurai's warships."
    "Sure looks like they plan to try," pointed out Sasami, as she hugged
Ryo-Ohki.

    "Order the battleships to attack the four Jurai ships," clicked the
Admiral as he walked up to the projection table, "this one, this one, this
one and that one.  If they can push those ships back or out of formation,
the
center will open."
    "Understood."
    "And also alert the transports to fire ALL the chameleon missiles at my
mark."
    "All of them?" remarked one of the command crew, somewhat surprised.
    "All of them."  WhiteClaw stared down at the new comers and snapped his
jaws.

    The four Hive First Class Battleships spread out, each increasing speed
and zeroing in on their assigned Jurai ship.  First long range missiles and
lasers filled the space between them and their targets, but as the range
closed the Hive warships also added the more powerful plasma and particle
beams.  The Jurai's were enfolded by the powerful wings generated by their
trees and seemed to be untouched, even while they returned fire with their
multi-barreled weapons.
    The ten transports followed close behind, their engines at full thrust.

    "What do they think they're doing?" demanded Lady Misaki as she held
onto
her command chair, the Angel shaking under the massive amount of energy
being
focused on her.  Lady Misaki might look like an oversized girl, but really
she had the body and the mind of an amazon warrior.  Her ships would more
likely fall apart before she was tossed out of her chair.
    Captain Sharaku on the other hand had been tossed to the bridge's floor
decking and was picking himself up.  "I don't think they truly understand
our
defensive capabilities," remarked the Captain as he tugged on his uniform.
    "The enemy ships seem to be attacking the center ships," called out one
of the bridge stations, "our wings have held up, but all ships are starting
to report damage, mostly to support structures and computer systems.  We're
taking a hell of a pounding."
    "All Royal ships are to engage on will," ordered Lady Misaki.  "Tell the
Galaxy Police ships to keep their distance and use long range weapons!"
    "Yes, sir," replied the radio operator.
    "Direct all our own fire at Hive Battleship Beta," added Captain Sharaku
as he glanced at the nearest tracking screen.

    This is the time that the last one of Washu's type B pods went in for
the
last attack, zooming in with all power to the engines, slamming into one of
the rear force fields of a Hive transport.  The field, already weakened by
the need to feed other systems within the ship, could not keep the pod out.
    In a brilliant flash of light the pod plowed into one of the docking bay
doors and deep into the ship.  The walls crumbled and fell apart as the pod
used its ion cannon for the last few times.  The pod finally came to rest
within one of the power chambers, where it exploded, red hot shrapnel
spraying into the second fusion reactor of the ship.  The fusion explosion
itself was small, but set off a chain-reaction within the holds and hallways
of the transport.
    Within seconds the ship and all the warriors, fuel cells, extra missiles
and ground cars became a small sun.  This small sun started to expand, heat
and light blossoming out before the shock wave.  Another transport was
caught
in the blast and was torn to pieces, while smaller Galaxy Police craft who
were just getting into position were disintegrated.

    "AAAHHH!" screamed Mihoshi has she wrestled with the ship's control,
"get
away from me!"
    She flew the ship over one of the transport's hulls, so close that the
enemy defenders couldn't even get a lock on the green Patrol Ship.  Beam
weapons fired down from the passing Police ship, leaving behind melted radio
antennas and cracked armor.
    "I once again," stated Farmer, "request that Officer Kiyone pilot the
ship."
    "Sorry," snapped Kiyone as she targeted and blasted something that liked
important.  "She flies better than me and I shoot better than her."

    Galaxy Police frigates, sloops and patrol ships refused to stay at a
safe
distance and were among the transports, missiles and lasers pounding against
the enemy screens.  The defensive fire melted and holed some of the Police
hulls but the ships had been designed by some of the greatest minds in the
Union so the crews dealt with the damage and kept fighting.  They might not
the firepower of the Jurai warships, but they had about three times the
battle experience.

    Captain White coughed, as ozone and smoke filled her command chamber.
The vents didn't seem to be working.  Few things did after the stern of her
missile frigate had been sliced off by a laser.  The intercom was nothing be
static and she could hear a hissing noise coming from the armored door
behind
her chair.  No doubt air was escaping.
    Only a few screens seemed to be working, the rest having little or
nothing to report from other parts of the ship.  The computer was able to
report that the launchers were full, but nothing else.  She coughed again
and
tried the subspace radio without any luck.  All channels were being jammed.
    Outside her stricken vessel the battle raged on.  Jurai ships were
exchanging fire with the Hive battleships and transports at point blank
range.  Even as she watched, one of the Jurai ships finally surrendered
itself to death as its wings disappeared.  The ship blossomed and was gone.
    White smiled, pulling out a picture of her father and said, "You never
wanted me to join the police force."
    She reached up and waited, her thumb on the trigger as her ship floated
closer to one of the transports.  The Hive transport was already badly
damaged, most of the battle screens gone and parts of the hull torn up,
showing uncontrolled fires from within.
    She counted to ten, then counted again as her ship got nearer to the
wounded transport.  It was too busy trying to fight off the more active
Police ships to notice a dead missile frigate passing by.
    "Bye father."
    She slammed down on the trigger.  Only twenty missiles launched, the
rest
never getting the signal to fire.  Out of the twenty, two went totally out
of
control, never reaching the target.  Out of the remaining missiles one
exploded before reaching the target and three others were fried by
antimissile batteries.  The other fourteen impacted along the ship's spine
and belly.  Each warhead exploded with the power of ten megatons.  The whole
ship seemed to twist and became deformed as it could no longer handle the
full thrust of the engines.
    White watched in shock, as the hull plates of the target cracked and
flames exploded from midship, as the ship's bow ripped away from the stern.
Seconds later one of the glowing fragments slammed into what was left of her
ship and vaporized them both.

    "Now!" commanded the Admiral of the Hive Invasion Fleet.

    The Hive Military Transports fired their concealed launchers, hidden
near
the engines where the energy and heat output protected them from even the
most powerful of sensors.  Chameleon missiles, huge long range rockets,
blasted out of the launchers.  Even as they selected targets, they became
invisible as their cloaking devices kicked in right before their light
engines.

    "What the hell!" cussed Mihoshi as the ship was tossed to one side by a
massive backlash of energy.
    "Something just went by us at the 99% the speed of light," reported
Farmer.  "I believe it might be a ship or missile of some kind.  It did not
show up on radar, but it could not mask its exhaust trail."

    Three sloops and a missile frigate flashed out of existence and so did
two of the Jurai's warships, the enemy missiles losing some speed as they
penetrated the Hawk-Light Wings, but having more than enough to smash the
ships into splinters.  The Royal Body Guard tried to fight back, getting
closer to the Hive ships, while the Galaxy Police ships seemed to attack in
ones and twos, mostly dodging between the bigger ships like humming birds
attacking eagles.

    Tenchi just stared at the map.  The glowing symbols and scrolls of data
was moving too fast for him to take it all in.  Even as he watched, another
symbol blinked and then vanished, as a Galaxy sloop came too close to a Hive
transport and paid the price for its mistake.
    "My God," whimpered Princess Ayeka, silently crying as another Jurai
ship
disappeared to some kind of invisible weapon.
    "I don't think he has anything to do with this," said Washu, she face
showing concern.  "The Hive ships came prepared for trouble.  I've misjudged
their military technology and their tactical knowledge."
    "I don't believe it," whispered Tenchi, "four Jurai ships, FOUR of them.
And the Galaxy Police ships are starting to drop like flies."
    "Cloaked missiles with light or sub-light engines," commented Ryoko from
above the map as she stared down in horror at the battle that continued
under
her feet.  "Must have taken them years to develop.  Cloaks eat up a lot of
energy, so can't have much of a range, kind of a last ditch attack.  Just
creating a power plant powerful enough yet small enough for a missile would
be a problem for The Galactic Union."
    "My Mom?" asked Sasami, her eyes wider than normal.
    "The Angel is still fighting," remarked Washu.

    The Admiral examined the projection table and clicked his jaws.  The two
remaining battleships had finally forced open a corridor in the enemy's
ranks
and even as he watched the first military transports were starting to move
through it, adding their own firepower to widen the gap.  Glowing wreckage
and explosions filled the projection, but he was totally focused on the blue
and green planet beyond the battle.
    "All power to screening and lasers.  I want as many flank lasers at 100%
as we can get," commanded Admiral WhiteClaw, as he watched the battle.
    "Sir," commented a worker, "we will have to shut down life support to
much of the ship."
    "Then DO it," he raged.  "Our warriors can deal with zero gravity and no
lights for the next few hours.  And surely there is enough good air to last
that long!"
    The worker bowed and skittered across the floor to the nearest empty,
the
rest already manned by busy workers and twitching warriors.  The lights
flickered, as more power was allocated to the defense screens.  Many of the
lesser stations and display screens died, the computers and workers having
decided to turn those systems off, to save energy.
    'Victory is within our claws,' thought the male drone, 'all we need to
do
it reach out and grasp it!'

    "Close ranks!" shouted Lady Misaki as the ship shook again, the displays
and lights flickering.
    "No good," replied one of the bridge crew as he looked up from his radio
equipment, "the other ships can't hear us, too much jamming."
    "They're getting through!" pointed out Misaki.  She forced herself to
become calm and leaned back in her chair, her eyes becoming as sharp as
flint.  "We have to hold them longer.  Put our ship in the way, now."
    "What?" asked one men at the engineering stations, who was looking quite
pale.  Smoke was coming from an unknown source outside the bridge.  Even
though the wings were still up, protecting the ship, damage had been
reported
from many areas of the ship and fires were spreading faster than they could
be put out.
    "Listen to me," said Captain Sharaku calmly, as he stepped down from the
command platform to the level which held the surrounding work stations.  "We
are the Royal Body Guard of Jurai.  On THAT planet is not only a Prince who
might one day be King, but two Princess of the royal line."
    The ship shuddered again and gravity seemed to become lighter.  A tiny
alarm at one of the manned stations went off unnoticed.
    The crew glanced at their Captain and then at the Lady Misaki who was
sobbing silently.
    He placed his right hand on the shoulder of the chief navigator and
added
softly, "We must do our duty."
    The crew member looked at the others, then at the Captain and said,
"Yes,
sir."

    Sasami started to cry heavily and Ayeka rushed to comfort her little
sister as they watched the Angel move into position, right in front of the
advancing transports.  A few Galaxy ships moved in next to it, many showing
visible wounds, hulls burnt and trailing pieces of their armor.
    Tenchi was the first to see the ripples appearing all around the edge of
the battle.
    "Oh no, not more invaders," he gasped, placing his head into his hands
in
defeat.
    "I don't think the Hive has any more ships," pointed Washu as she
started
to make inquires to the computer under her finger tips.
    "Well, can it be more ships from the Galaxy Union or from Jurai?" called
down Ryoko.
    "No," replied Washu, "too many points of entry."
    "Well," stated Ayeka as she stroked her sister's long hair, "who is it?"

    As the ripples widened, they seemed to explode with energy.  Motes of
burning hyperspace seemed to break off, spinning and flashing, as they
entered normal space.  As they cooled and shrunk, they started to take solid
form.  Escort destroyers, heavy cruisers, gunboats, super-dreadnoughts,
attack cruisers and massive battleships of the Haven Space Forces poured out
of the glowing flames like ants out of the stepped on anthill.
    More ships kept appearing, at first just rows of them, then squadrons,
then whole fleets.  Till the area around the battle was thick with so many
hulls that they blocked the light from the sun and the stars.  The ugly
hulls
seemed to come to life, as millions of missile launchers, mass drives, laser
batteries, plasma cannons, particle guns, X-ray projectors, gamma sprayers
and even massive machine-guns, designed for antimissile work, all came out.
Each and every one was aimed at the Hive ships.

    "Is that who I think it is?" asked Mihoshi as she stared at the display
screens.
    "I don't know who you think it is," offered Kiyone, "but whoever is in
charge of those ships is going to be getting a big kiss from me."
    "I don't care who is it," added Farmer, "just keep out of the way of the
targeting lasers!"
    "Gee, you're grumpy," stated Mihoshi.
    "Well, I'm sorry," said Farmer, "but my paint job is ruined, one of my
engines is showing signs of overheating, our lasers will need to be
realigned
and I don't like all those nasty looking ships.  Also, one of those nuclear
explosions wiped out all my Blues tapes."
    "Those BASTARDS!"
    "Mihoshi!" exclaimed Kiyone, staring at her partner.
    "Oops, sorry," remarked a blushing Mihoshi.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters or settings are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.
 I just own the rest.
