New Partner!
Chapter Eight: A Short Little War.

    "Do you think Kiyone and Mihoshi will get help in time?"
    Katsuhito glanced up from his cup of green tea and said to his
son-in-law, "I hope so."
    Nobuyuki stared up at the night sky.  He was scared, not just for
himself, but his son and the rest.
    "I am sure Washu has been working on an answer to the problem," stated
Katsuhito as he slipped off his eyeglasses and gently cleaned them.
    Nobuyuki nodded, but continued to stare at the sky, as if his human
eyesight could tell the difference between harmless stars and the flare of
warships moving into orbit.
    The two Guardians moved about the lake's edge, their scanners checking
and sweeping the forest, the waves and even the sky.
    Katsuhito placed his eyeglasses back onto his nose and watched the two
organic robots.  He felt slightly worried about them.  They were programmed
to protect members of the Jurai family and both were showing signs of
stress.
 Funny, watching robots showing stress, but that was the only word he could
find to describe it.  They wanted to protect the Princesses and even
himself,
yet neither had the firepower or the knowledge needed to defend the estate
OR
the planet against a fleet of Hive ships.  They might be able to take on
many
times their number of the Hive warriors, but they would be no match against
armored hover craft or atmospheric fighters that would also be part of the
invasion forces.

    In Washu's lab stood two cloaked objects.  They stood on the tarmac of
Washu's new underground hanger and weapons research lab.
    "This is the weapon which will defend the Earth," stated Washu as she
pulled the sheet off the egg.  It was a white egg, about four feet tall and
oval shaped, with three thrusters at the bottom and a large muzzle at the
top.  It had no markings or anything else over the smooth surface of its
body.
    The lab seemed silent, but for the humming and buzzing from the
instruments around them
    "It looks like an egg," said Tenchi as Ryoko and Ayeka walked about the
so-called weapon.
    "It is a Washu Defense Pod, Type A," said Washu.  "It has three ion
engines and an ion cannon.  It has a hardwired brain, giving it super fast
reflexes and an aggressive outlook on life."
    "You only have one?" asked Sasami as Ryo-Ohki poked the egg with her paw
and mewled.
    "I built 400 type A pods," answered Washu as she moved to the other
shape
covered by a sheet.  "This is Washu Defense Pod Type B."
    She removed the sheet and there was another egg.
    "It looks the same," commented Ryoko as she floated about the two pods.
    "No, no, no," said Washu as she knocked on the pod.  "It has a CPU
programmed with fuzzy logic and a list of rules dealing with dog fighting.
It can think in a limited way, by rewarding tactics or rules that work with
points.  The more points assigned to a tactic the more likely it will repeat
that tactic.  I was able to only build 100 pods of this type."
    "It has an AI?" asked Ayeka as she glanced at both pods.  They seemed to
be exactly the same to her.  Same number of engines, same ion gun, same
size.
    "No, no," said Washu.  "It is like comparing a cobra to a mongoose.  A
cobra works on instinct alone, while a mongoose learns what works by
surviving the fight.  They don't have the room for a fully functioning AI."
    "So," stated Tenchi, "the longer the type B lasts the better it will
get.
 Won't it be kind of slow at the beginning of a fight?"
    Washu smiled, shaking a finger, "that is why I built so many of type A
pod.  They will go right into combat and give the other type time to learn.
I hope."
    "But...," Tenchi looked at the pods and continued, "how are you going to
send them into battle fast enough to do any good?"
    "One way transportation," replied Washu.  "My computers will detect the
Hive fleet and allow me to place the pods right in their path.  The pods
will
be in passive mode till the Hive ships approach.  Then they will go active
and attack before the Hive ships have a chance to even notice them.  I
hope."
    "Won't the trip mess up their equipment?" asked Tenchi, remembering the
last time he had used one of Washu's transportation devices and shivered.
    "No," said Washu with a giggle, "they don't have DNA to mess with."

    Bristle sat down among some of the playing babies and broke up the
ration
bar to give a tiny part to each of the tiny chicks.  They happily ate the
pieces of the fruit bar and a few asked for more.  Bristle took out his own
bar and gave it to the begging toddlers.
    The old worker glanced about the makeshift nursery.  The nurses had
taken
over one of the larger structures, a storage area, and had moved in the
chicks.  Tiny walls had been made, to keep the young Hive members in and to
protect them.
    Bristle stood up and gave some of the chicks a pat on the head before
removing himself from the building, exiting onto the street.  The greenish
sky seemed so weird to him. All around him were warriors and workers and
even
Greens.  The Hive military had decided the natives, known as Greens, were
not
a threat and even allowed many to stay within the buildings.  The Greens
were
furry primates who had come to the Galactic Union's notice during one of the
many drug wars between space pirates and local police.
    Some Greens had escaped, but most had stayed within the towns, fearing
for their females and their own offspring.  These males, when properly
watched, made good workers in the rice paddies and were perfect at selecting
the freshest fruit from the jungle.  Of course the there were still rebels
to
worry about and this forced warriors to patrol the wooden walkways between
the flooded fields and to guard the dams, many of them cradling missile
launchers and high-powered rifles.
    He watched, as some of the young natives walked by him, many with their
digits within their mouths.  Interesting habit of the young of this race.
The young had been left alone and many of the females had been assigned to
care for them.  The Hive knew of the need to protect and care for the next
generation.
    The young were smaller versions of the adults with curly green furry to
protect them from the sun AND help hide them within the brush.  The males
had
three tails and the females had five, no doubt useful during courtship's.
    The Galactic Union members had been locked up at first.  Now some of
these 'Police' were allowed out among the cities.  They were willing to
help,
acting less like female warriors as much as male drones.  They debated and
complained and asked and demanded, but in the end, they seemed to help more
than hinder operations.
    One of these 'Police' was always with a white cap and a stick.  He went
about to help deal with the children, help with labor problems and making
sure that the natives have enough food for themselves.  He was not one of
the
natives, but he dealt with them as if he was one of them, born and bred.
They called him 'Alex'.
    As Bristle sat down near one of the paddies he could see the one named
Alex working in the field, side by side with the Greens and the Hive
members.


    "I understand how you feel," said the Commander as he lifted a tea cup,
"and Captain Nobeyama is right now, as we speak, getting in touch with both
Marshal Anderson AND the Royal Council of Jurai."
    Officers Kiyone and Mihoshi sat before the Commander's desk as they
watched him take a slurp of his tea.  They had both arrived only half an
hour
earlier to a quiet station.  While there was still many secretaries and
technicians running about the Seventh Headquarters, the docking struts had
been totally empty.
    "You understand it might be awhile," pointed out the Commander as he
gently placed the cup back on the saucer.  "Marshal was in a very important
meeting with the Galactic Security Council.  As you can guess, many planets
such as Yura and Todain are demanding more ships to defend their sectors."
    "Well, yes," remarked Kiyone, "but surly with Jurai's help you can
scrape
up enough ships to come to the Earth's rescue."
    "My dear officer," said the feline alien, "while many people look at
Jurai as a major and powerful member of the Union, I am sorry to say even
they have a limit.  Many of their ships have already been sent to help
protect many of our most important member planets.  Do you KNOW how many
planets of the Galaxy Academy there are?"

    Captain White was thought of as one of the most lovely officers within
the Galaxy Police Forces.  Her longish white hair was as pure as snow and
her
blue eyes are bright as tiny gems.  The missile frigate under her command
was
well run, its crisp boxy like appearance hiding the rows of powerful missile
batteries that it carried.
    Now Captain White was sweating, her ship cloaked by the bands of glowing
electromagnetic rays and the dark shadows of cosmic dust.  Waiting in ambush
for the Hive ships they believed to be in the area.
    White kept her face as calm as she could be, knowing that the crew was
watching, themselves very nervous.  She allowed her hands to move slowly and
gently, adjusting the passive sensors as they floated in the nebula.
    "Report," she demanded on the ship's intercom.
    "We have a reading that fits a Hive ship, a Beam Destroyer.  It is 30%
by
-34% and closing."
    "Missile status," asked White as she focused the ship's sensors to look
for the Hive ship.
    "Ready," replied a new voice, "the first volley has the data downloaded.
They will approach at half speed and once the smart missiles ID the Hive
ship, they will go to full thrust."
    "Mixture of missiles," asked White as she tightened her straps.
    "Half will explode on impact.  The rest have delay fuses.  All warheads
in first volley are fission."
    "Red alert," said White.  The computers, all of which were linked to the
intercom, turned on the red lights and give off a silent alarm which made
the
seats throb.
    The systems of the ship decided that there was a 90% chance that the
ship
was truly a Beam Destroyer.  Captain White allowed herself a feeling of
thanks towards the Gods.  The Destroyer's range with its weapons was cut
down
by the surrounding Lemon Nebula.  The enemy's own safety devices would not
allow many of their weapons to fire without a clear target, an unlikely
event
within the dark confines of the cloud UNLESS the Destroyer was able to get
much closer than White wanted to allow it.
    "Open missile doors."
    The ship vibrated as doors folded outwards and the warheads of over
fifty
missiles peeked out.
    "Missile systems updated with latest data.  Target's speed and course
has
not changed."
    White nodded to herself and lifted her right hand, placing her thumb
onto
the red firing button on the control panel right above her head.  She
waited,
counting to ten and then stabbed at the button.
    The ship rolled and pitched as fifty missiles launched themselves into
the rainbow of space and within seconds disappeared from sight.  Sensors
were
able to follow them most of the way.
    "No reaction from the target."
    The long range sensors reported an inferno of energy and radio noise.
White was able to get a glimpse on the screens of a slight change in the
color and texture of the nebula in the direction of the Hive ship, but it
might of just been her own eyes playing tricks on her brain.
    "Second volley ready," reported a young voice, "they will launch at full
thrust and warheads had delayed fuses.  Fission warheads."
    White pushed the button again, no bothering to count.  The ship once
again shuddered as fifty more missiles left, smart weapons, homing in on the
already wounded warship.
    "Warm up the engines," said White as the doors shut over the launchers,
"prepare to set course for the jump point, LN-23."
    As the missile frigate slowly started to head for the secret jump point,
an area within the nebula where an artificial sphere of vacuum had been
cleared by Union engineers using gravity stations, White smiled to herself.
    "Well, done," she said over the intercom.
    Behind them the Hive Beam Destroyer died, very much like the Blue Belles
it had ambushed only a few days earlier.

    "So in conclusion," reported Nobeyama from the image that floated before
the King's throne, "not only will the Hive be attacking Colonial Planet
0-315
but they will have to use all their reserves to do it."
    "I see," said the King of Jurai, leaning back in his chair.
    "If we can wipe out their fleet reserves," stated Marshal Anderson from
another floating image, "we could then work on liberating the invaded
planets
without fear of the Hive ground units being reinforced."
    Behind Anderson, in his picture, were dozens of people, all in the robes
of the Galactic Union's Security Council.  The Marshal was calling directly
from the security chambers.  The members of the Council ranged from human to
totally non-humanoid in appearance, many of them wearing translator devices
and breathing masks.
    "Are you sure about them having little in the way of reserves?" asked a
stranger that stood next to the King.  He was slim, wearing a black uniform,
from his shiny boots to the black cap on his head.
    "Who are you?" demanded the Marshal, taken off guard for a second.
    The King gestured and said, in a calm and somewhat sleepy voice, "This
is
Commander Hiro, of the Haven Military Intelligence and he is here on order
of
the Haven High Command to form an alliance with us."
    Commander Hiro bowed towards the three dimensional projections of the
two
members of the Galaxy Police and said, "I think we can help you when it
comes
to Earth."

    In the outer reaches of the planetary system, in the deep blackness of
space, there started to form spinning purple and blue dots.  They expanded,
ripping open the very fabric of space, causing waves of energy to wash over
the surrounding area of reality.
    These wounds gave birth to Hive ships.  A Hive Battleship came out,
followed by another Battleship and another, till there was a total of five
massive ships.  These were followed by fatter military transports.  The
ships
looked pretty much alike, all designed for the same function of traveling in
the harsh environment of space.  The ships started to organize, the warships
forming a protective wall while the bigger but slower transport moved up
behind them.  Slowly the ships started to move, setting course for the
target.  A small, blue and white planet, a planet called EARTH.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------Tenchi Muyo! and related characters and settings are
owned by AIC and Pioneer.  The rest is mine.      I would suggest you start
running for the hills now.
