Tenko sat down next to Ryoko and they just enjoyed the scenery.  After a
bit, Tenko was called down to talk with Funaho.

(Funaho) Hello Tenko.  Do you know who I am?
(Tenko) No I don't sorry.
(Funaho) I am your great-great-grandmother.
(Tenko) Where are you from?
(Funaho) I am from a planet called Jurai.  You are a crown prince of Jurai
now.
(Tenko) Wow!  I am a prince.
(Funaho) I must leave now, but promise me you will visit Jurai one day.
(Tenko) I promise.

Another few months had passed and it was now a week before Christmas.  Over
the past months, Ryoko has been teaching Tenko how to use his powers.  Tenko
mastered them completely.  Tenchi and Tenko went out to go get a Christmas
tree.

(Tenko) How is this one Daddy?
(Tenchi) Its perfect.  Now cut it.

Tenko formed an energy blade and he cut the tree down.  Instead of carrying
it back, Tenchi grabbed Tenko's hand and the tree and Tenko teleported them
back to the house.  When they got there, They set up the tree and everybody
started to decorate the tree.  They finished the decorating and Tenchi
placed
the star on top of the tree.

(Tenko) It looks beautiful mommy.
(Ryoko) It sure does.

A few days had passed and it was now December 23rd. Tenko wanted to buy his
mommy and daddy something so he went to Washu.

(Tenko) Um Grandma?
(Washu) Yes Tenko?
(Tenko) I was wondering if I could have one of those credit cards so I can
buy my mommy and daddy something.
(Washu) Sure.  Come on, lets go into town.
(Tenko) Okay.

Tenko and Washu walked outside into the living room.  Ryoko and Tenchi were
sting on the couch.

(Ryoko) Where are you two going?
(Washu) Me and Tenko are just going for a walk.
(Ryoko) Okay.  But don't take too long.
(Tenko) We wont mommy.

Tenko kissed Ryoko on the cheek and he hugged Tenchi.  Washu and Tenko then
left to go buy the gifts.  They went into town and they went to all the
stores.  Tenko bought a gift for his mom and dad and so he decided to buy
some gifts for everybody else.  Tenko had gone to almost every store until
he
was finished.  After they were all done,  Washu put the gifts in sub-space
so
not to be detected by anybody.

Tenko and Washu teleported themselves back to the house.  They walked into
the house and Washu went to her lab while Tenko sat down on the couch.

(Ryoko) You two were gone a while.
(Tenko) We went for a big walk.
(Ryoko) Okay.  Go get ready.  Dinner will start soon.
(Tenko) Okay.

Tenko went upstairs and he got ready for dinner.  Dinner came around and
everybody was enjoying such a great meal.  During the night, everybody was
having fun talking.  Tenko decided to go get some air.  Sasami soon joined
him.

(Sasami) Do you mind if I sit with you Tenko?
(Tenko) No, not at all. [Sasami sat down next to Tenko]
(Sasami) What are you doing?
(Tenko) Im just looking up at the stars.

After a bit more, Sasami was yawning so they decided to go inside.
Everybody
soon went to sleep.  During the night, Tenko was having horrible nightmare.
When the dream was done, he stood up crying and screaming. Everybody woke up
from the scream but Tenchi and Ryoko got their first.  Ryoko quickly ran to
Tenko's side.  She hugged him close as he was crying.  Tenchi arrived soon
after and he joined in consoling their son.

Everybody was about to enter when Washu stopped them.  Meanwhile, back in
Tenko's room, Ryoko and Tenchi kept trying to console Tenko.

(Ryoko) Don't worry Tenko.  Everything is all right.  We are here for you
now.
(Tenko between sobs) Thank you mommy. Thank you daddy.

Everybody else went to sleep as Tenchi and Ryoko stayed with Tenko. Morning
soon came and everybody woke up.  They all came down to not only be amazed
by
another meal done by Sasami but that it snowed over night.  After breakfast,
everybody got dressed in warm clothing and they went out to play in the
snow.


The day had ended and everybody went to sleep.  Tenko had trouble sleeping
because he was too excited about tomorrow.  The morning slowly came and
since
Tenko didn't have any sleep last night, he was dead tired the next day.
Tenko walked downstairs where everybody else was already.  He sat down on
the
couch next to Ryoko and Sasami.  Sasami placed a Santa hat on Tenko.

(Ryoko) Did you get any sleep Tenko?
(Tenko) No mommy.
(Ryoko) Okay, tonight you will have plenty of sleep.
(Mihoshi) Lets open some presents.
(Sasami) Yay!

Everybody then began to open all the gifts that were under the tree.  When
all the gifts were done, Tenko teleported to Washu's lab and back.

(Tenko) Mommy, Daddy, I got you these.

Tenchi opened up his gift to see a brand new leather jacket.  Tenchi then
hugged Tenko.  Ryoko opened her gift to see a gold necklace with a single
shiny red ruby.  On the back, there was a message.

"To my loving mother, ever since I known, you have been there for me always.
I just hope that I can be there for you forever"

(Ryoko) This is so beautiful Tenko.

Ryoko and Tenko then went into a large hug.  Months had passed and it was
now
spring again.  The flowers were in bloom.  Everything was peaceful.  Tenko
went into Washu's lab. He was looking around the lab looking at the
creatures
and all the electronics.  After a bit more of looking, Tenko saw this large
piece of paper.  He looked at it and he picked it up.

Tenko then ran outside and he headed for the shrine steps.  About halfway up
there, he tripped and he cut his knee.  The bruise was gone instantly but he
sat down.  After a bit, Tenko was so mad that he took two energy balls, one
in each hand, and he threw them into the upper atmosphere.

Ryoko was at the shrine talking to Tenchi when they both saw the energy
balls
go into the sky.

(Tenchi) Look at those two energy balls.
(Ryoko) The only people who can do that are Tenko and I.
(Tenchi) Maybe Tenko is in pain or he needs us.
(Ryoko) I will go.
(Tenchi) What about me?
(Ryoko) Well, he needs his mom of all people if he is in trouble or
anything.
(Tenchi) Okay.

Ryoko quickly flew off down the shrine steps towards Tenko's direction.  She
finally saw him so she flew quicker towards him.  When she got there, she
saw
him in a little ball crying.  Ryoko sat down next to him and she held him
but
it was like he didn't even notice.

(Ryoko) What's wrong sweetie?
(Tenko between sobs) I am not real.
(Ryoko) Of coarse you're real.
(Tenko) No, Im not!

Tenko handed her the piece of paper and Ryoko looked at it.  She was
horrified at seeing a blue print for Tenko's body.  Tenko kept crying and
staying in a ball as Ryoko read the blue print.  After another two minutes,
she formed an energy ball and she destroyed the blue print.

(Ryoko) To me you are as real as can be and you are my son.
(Tenko) How can I be your son when Im just a creation with your DNA.
(Ryoko) You are my son and I love you.  Don't you ever forget that okay?
(Tenko) I love you too mommy.

Ryoko stood Tenko up and they walked back to the house.  Tenko stopped
crying
but he was not his cherry self.

Months had passed and it was the first day of summer.  Tenko and Sasami were
out in the woods playing games.  They were gone the whole day but they
didn't
notice.  Meanwhile, at the house, some other people did notice.

(Ryoko) Hm, its 8:00 and those two are still not home.
(Ayeka) What is that son of yours doing to my sister?
(Ryoko) Calm down your highness.  Tenko and Sasami are just 10yr olds
playing
the woods.  It not like they are going to anything if that's what your
thinking.
(Ayeka) Well, they better be here in half an hour or I will go out looking
for them.
(Ryoko) Calm down already!

After another hour of playing, they decided to head back home since it was
pretty dark and they were out far away.  While walking through the woods,
Tenko noticed Sasami getting scared because of all the noises.

(Tenko) Are you okay Sasami?
(Sasami) Im just a bit worried. [Owl hooted] What was that?
(Tenko) It was just an owl.

Tenko grabbed Sasami's hand and they started to walk back again.  They were
about a mile away when Tenko was receiving a message through the mind link
with Ryoko.

(Ryoko) Tenko! Help us!
(Tenko) Mommy, what's wrong?
(Ryoko) Help us please.

The link ended and Tenko knew something was wrong.  He didn't know weather
to
run home or run away.  Sasami saw him staring into deep space so she asked
him something.

(Sasami) What's wrong Tenko?
(Tenko) The house, everybody, they need our help.

Sasami and Tenko quickly started to run home as fast as they could.  When
they were about half a mile away, they saw fire and they were out of breath.
Tenko then flew to the sky with Sasami still holding on.  They got home and
were horrified.

The Masaki house and shrine were in ruins.  They were both torched down to
the ground.

(Sasami) Are they in there?
(Tenko) No, they are not.  They are all gone.
(Sasami) Well, we will need to find them.  Only if we had a ship.
(Tenko) That we do have.
(Sasami) No we don't.

Tenko then opened a sub-space portal and Tenko and Sasami stepped through
it.
 In Sub-space, Sasami and Tenko were standing in front a spaceship belonging
to Tenko.

(Sasami) How did you get a ship?
(Tenko) Washu built it for me.  Lets go.

Right before they left, Tenko went to where Tenchi's room would have been
and
he picked up a wooden box and with that, Sasami and Tenko went into the ship
and left to find their family.
