New Partner!
Chapter Five: A Gnome's Tale.


    "Well," asked Washu, "are we all ready?"
    The day had come to Gamma Ten and the white dome stood before them,
trapped in the red vines and purple moss of the attacking jungle.  The
camping party stood before the structure, with backpacks, ropes and lamps.
Even Ryo-Ohki in cabbit form had a tiny miner's hat with light on the front.
    "I'm ready," replied Tenchi as he adjusted his backpack.  "Just one
problem, how do we get in?"
    "Through the door," said Ryoko as she walked up to the entrance.  "See,
it's just a wooden door."
     "Wait-" But before Washu could say anything else, Ryoko tried to smash
the door open with her right fist.
    "OWWWWW!" she screamed as she ended up smashing her own fingers with a
series of snaps.
    Ryoko shot up into the air, holding her fist, whimpering, "Ouch! That
hurt!  What the hell, that sure isn't wood!"
    Washu sighed and said, "I know that.  The door may look like wood, but
unlike most of the dome it is NOT organic in nature.  I would say it is a
form of phased alloy."
    "Phased?" said Ayeka as she watched Ryoko fly in circles, sucking her
fingers.  "Do you mean it is not totally there?"
    "No," said Washu. "I mean that whoever built it was able to put more
than
one type of metal in the same spot.  In other words, the atoms take up the
same space without breaking the laws of physics."
    "That's impossible!" stated Tenchi, staring at the door.
    "Yes, it is," remarked Washu, "but the time ship's sensors say that's
what we are looking at.  We'll have a better time trying to go through one
of
the walls."
    "Right," said Ryoko as she started to flicker and tried to slip through
the dome's curved sides.  She bounced off with a yelp.  "Hey!  It won't let
me in!"
    "Yes, I was worried about that," said Washu as she started to walk
clockwise about the dome.  The others quickly followed.
    "What were you worried about?" asked Sasami as she tried to keep up.
    "The organic nature of the building material allows it to defend itself
against the jungle," lectured Washu as she continued to examine the dome's
surface.  "The cells in the wall, most of which had died over the years,
still have enough power to protect the dome.  Oh, that was what I was
looking
for."
    Washu pointed at a part of the dome near the top.  A hole had been made
by the surrounding vegetation, a pretty large one.
    "The plant life around here is very aggressive.  I would say it was the
major reason colonies can't be settled here.  Even these people, with
buildings which could fight off the forest for millions of years, gave up
and
left."
    "Wow," said Tenchi.
    "I guess this means me and Ayeka are going to be air lifting you folks
up
to the hole and into the dome?" asked Ryoko as she checked her fingers.
They
were already healing.
    "Bingo," remarked Washu.  "Once inside we should be past any defenses
that have been set up."

    A few seconds, with the help of both Ryoko and Ayeka, the party were
standing in a huge circular chamber that seemed to take up all the space
within the dome.  The only major source of light came from the hole and a
few
glowing mushrooms.  They turned on their lamps and played the beams of light
about the walls and floor.
    "Nothing but dust and dead leafs," said Ayeka.
    Washu frowned, pulling out the medical scanner.  "The power sources seem
to be gone."
    "I don't see anything," added Ryoko as she flickers about the dome,
flying here and there with her lamp.
    "It smells," Sasami told Ryo-Ohki who meowed a reply.
    Washu smiled, "Got it.  There are spaces below us.  My sonic sensor is
showing empty spaces below us!"
    "So, there should be a door-" Tenchi's voice was cut off as a loud
rumbling filled the chamber.
    "Tenchi?" asked Ayeka.
    "He was over somewhere," called an alarmed Ryoko as she flew about like
a
nervous humming bird.
    "I think he found the door," stated Washu as she carefully stepped
towards the middle of the chamber, checking the ground in front of her.  She
made sweeps with the scanner.  "I still don't get it.  Now I'm getting
nothing, no source of energy at all."

    Tenchi stared about the equipment filled room.  As the beam of his lamp
swept room he noticed the tables and chairs.  They seemed very normal
looking, if somewhat small, and reminded him of high school science classes.
The alien machinery on the other hand looked totally different, with struts
and wires and pipes linking them to the walls, the desks and to each other.
Like some mad scientist had designed a lab to be used by oversized spiders.
The really weird part was the total lack of dust.
    Tenchi stood and checked himself out. "Nothing broken," he called out
loud.
    No reply.
    "Hey, guys," said Tenchi as he turned around to face the ramp he had
just
come down.  The door in the ceiling was shut and he realized that nobody had
followed him.
    "HEY!" he shouted.  He moved back up the ramp and pounded at the door
with his lamp.  Nothing.
    "Must be very thick," he said to himself as he moved back down the ramp.
    He was lucky to be no longer standing on the ramp, because a few seconds
later the door exploded in a blast of energy and rocks.
    Tenchi coughed and blinked, now standing in a pile of rubble at the base
of the ramp, when Ryoko appeared, dropping down from the gapping hole she
had
made.  "Hey, Tenchi!  We found you!"
    "Is he OK?" shouted Washu's voice from above.
    "I'm fine," answered Tenchi as he brushed off his jacket.  "You've got
to
see what is down here."

    Soon all the party were standing in the abandoned laboratory.  Washu
seemed to be shocked beyond words as she scanned the room table by table,
module by module.
    "What's wrong?" demanded Ayeka as she glanced about.  "It's just a
science center of some kind.  Not even as big as your lab back home."
    "You don't understand," said Washu as she touched one of the computer
stations in awe.
    "What don't we understand?" said Tenchi as he poked about.  "I mean,
this
stuff looks great but it IS only one room.  You have whole planets of
stuff."
    "But that's just it," shouted Washu as she tried to turn on the CPU,
"this stuff is much more advanced.  We have to turn on the power!"
    "Three million year old junk more advanced than your stuff?" said
Sasami,
her eyes becoming big.
    "That can't be, I mean, look at it.  It looks so simple," Ryoko said
from
her seat on one of the larger mainframes, "even Earth has hardware that
looks
more promising than this."
    "No, no," Washu exclaimed as she turned, "let me explain.  See this unit
right here?"
    "Sure," said Tenchi, "looks like a desk computer.  More keys then we
have
at home and the color red is not what I would pick, but it's just a desk
top."
    "You know my ethereal laptop, right?"  Washu snapped her fingers and
there is was, floating before her.  "It is my link to my lab's network.  It
allows to make and design almost anything, right?"
    "Sure," said Tenchi.
    "The lap top is NOT the whole system," continued the small redhead, "but
it is powerful computer all by itself and also allows me access to the units
in my lab, got it so far?"
    Tenchi and the rest nodded.
    "Well," said Washu as she poked the desk top computer she had been
examining, "this is just like it, but it does not need a planet to house.
This unit can do everything my lab can do."
    "THAT," said Ayeka, "that small computer?"
    "Everything is in there," replied Washu as she rapped her right hand
against the computer's CPU, "everything.  Memory, power.  This is a version
of my whole lab RIGHT here!"
    "And the rest?" asked Ryoko as she floated off the mainframe, treating
it
like a bomb.
    "Each and every piece of equipment in this room, including some of the
tables and chairs, are advanced pieces of technology so powerful that we
could rule half the galaxy from here," declared Washu.  She started to cry.
    "What's wrong?" inquired Sasami, as she tried to keep away from
everything at once.
    "It's so lovely," gasped Washu, looking about.  "It is so beautiful."
    "That's not my word for it," replied Tenchi as he turned in place,
trying
to figure a way out of the chamber.
    "Well," said a tiny voice from the darkness, "what word would you use?"
    Ayeka and Sasami screamed, as Ryoko and Tenchi turned their lamps to
point at the source of the voice.
    It was a tiny little man, no bigger than three inches tall.  He was
wearing a pair of blue boots, tiny brown pants and a jacket that looked like
it was made from jade leafs.  To top it off was a tall red hat on his bald
little head.  He grinned at them, stroking his tiny white beard while
holding
a pipe in the other hand.  He waved at them with the pipe.
    "Howdy," said the tiny gnome.  "Sorry to scare you, but I wanted to see
what you were up to down here in the old place.  I'm going to have to bill
you for the door."
    "Who the hell are you?" demanded Ryoko as she floated closer, forming a
humming red sword in her right hand.
    "Now, now," said the little man, "that's no way to treat the keeper of
the planet."  He touched his chest with his pipe as he winked at Ryoko and
her sword.
    Ryoko frowned as her sword disappeared from her hand without a sound.
    "Now, maybe we can talk like civil folk," remarked the gnome as he
pulled
out a tiny pouch    and started to fill his pipe with tobacco.  The tobacco
gave off a sweet scent that filled the room.
    Washu stared at him and asked, "Your people use to live here?"
    "Sure," said the gnome as he tried to light the pipe by snapping his
fingers.  It seemed to work, because soon the little guy was blowing smoke
rings.
    "Wow," said Sasami, very much impressed.
    The gnome winked and smiled at the girl, "what's your name, lass?"
    "Princess Sasami," said the tiny princess, "and this is Ryo-Ohki."
    "Hello Ryo-Ohki," said the tiny being as he gave his pipe a puff and
blew
another smoke ring.
    "My name is Tenchi," added Tenchi, who figured if he was seeing little
people he might as well be polite to them.
    "Howdy," nodded the gnome, who then turned to face Ryoko and Ayeka.
"And
you two lovely women are?"
    "I am the Princess Ayeka, of the Royal House of Jurai," stated Ayeka,
with a slight bow.
    Ryoko frowned and then shrugged, saying, "I'm Ryoko."
    "Good, good," said the gnome, "now we can all get a long.  Oh, don't
worry Washu, I know of you already.  Of course, back then you were an
adult."
    Washu blinked and inquired, "You do?  How do you know about me?"
    "Well," said the gnome as he scratched at his beard, "that is what you
would call a long story that started about three million years ago."
    "I wasn't around that long ago," pointed out Washu.
    "True, but that is where it starts," stated the gnome as he gave his
pipe
another puff.  "One should always start a story at the beginning, go to the
middle and end with the ending.  Of course, this story has not ended yet and
might never end."
    "Oh great," said Tenchi as he sat down on one of the chairs.  "Not one
of
those never-ending stories?"
    "Well," joked the gnome, "stories never really end.  The authors just
die
before they can finish them."
    The gnome picked a chair to sit on, took a long pull from his pipe and
said, "Now listen carefully my children.  Long time ago, my people came to
this planet.  Yes, that's right, they were colonists searching for a home to
call their own.  They landed on Gamma Ten, as it is called now, and found a
planet rich in everything."
    The gnome stopped to take another puff and stare into the distance, as
if
reliving the moment when the ships landed onto the planet.
    "Oh, they were overjoyed, they were.  The only problem was that life on
the planet had its own self, its own identify and refused to give in to the
plow and the ax.  Well, not that we used plows and axes, we used tools light
years ahead of that, but you get the meaning."  The gnome winked and blew a
smoke ring.
    "Hey, wait," said Sasami, "what's your name?"
    "Oh, that's simple enough," said the gnome as he smiled at the tiny
princess, "my name is Derek."
    "What," asked Tenchi, "is that a nickname or something?"
    "No, no, no" said the gnome, waving his pipe at Tenchi.  "That is my
name.  It is not a nickname or an alias or an abbreviation of my true name.
It's not a name I selected because my real name will make your head explode,
nor is it a translation of my real name."
    The tiny gnome looked Tenchi in the eyes and added, "My name is Derek."
    "Gee, how sad," said Sasami.
    "What do you mean sad?"
    "Well," explained Ayeka, "I mean, look at yourself.  You must be a
member
of an old and powerful race.  A being of great wisdom and one who knows the
secrets of the universe."
    "More than one," added Derek.
    "More than one universe," continued the Jurai princess, "and to have
such
a name.  Well, it is kind of anticlimactic."
    "What," demanded the tiny gnome, waving his pipe back and forth, "what
do
you mean anticlimactic?  Just because I have a normal name does not make
this
moment anticlimactic!  Look at Washu, she was hanging on my ever word till
you asked about my name."
    "Well," said Ryoko, "maybe if you changed it?"
    The gnome pouted at Ryoko and said, "No."  He examined his pipe, found
it
had gone out and tried to re-light it.
    "Listen, enough about the name," stated Washu, "lets us hear the story."
    "I don't know," said Derek, arms now crossed, pipe held in his teeth as
he glared at Princess Ayeka.
    "Please?" begged Princess Sasami, "I really want to hear what happened."
    "Well, for you lass," remarked Derek as he smiled and took a pull from
the pipe.
    "My people were very advanced and had come a long way.  They weren't
going to leave just because a bunch of trees wanted them out.  So, they
worked and planned and engineered and after a few years came up with houses
and factories and structures that were able to fight back."
    "A living shell," remarked Washu as she glanced about the room.
    "Yes," said the gnome, as he released a cloud of smoke from his nose,
"each building had a living shell grown about it, with doors and windows of
the most powerful material we could design.  For about a million years we
lived in the chambers, protected, happily working on our little projects.
Nobody came to bother us and we soon reached a level of spiritual
enlightenment.  We passed on."
    "You died," said Tenchi, wide eyed.
    "No, no," said Derek as he glared at the boy, "we passed on, to a higher
level of being.  Pure thought.  Energy.  About two million years ago we left
our husks and joined the stars."
    "So," stated Ryoko, "you didn't look like that?"
    "Yes, we did," replied the gnome, turning red.  "This is what we looked
like while we lived in bodies.  I don't form this body from your dreams or
myths.  This is what I looked like before I rose up beyond this realm.  Can
I
continue the story, please?"
    "OK, OK," Ryoko said as she crossed her arms, waiting for the story to
end.
    "Well, where was I? Oh yes.  We had become energy, pure and simple.  We
traveled the universe and a few other ones nearby.  We delighted in our new
freedom.  We left our colony behind and only a few stayed to watch over it.
Like me.  Found some lovely tobacco and ale in the storage rooms."
    Sasami made a face and even Tenchi turned green at the thought of ale
which was millions of years old.
    "Are there a lot of energy beings?  I mean, are there many races who get
to that point?" asked Ayeka.
    "Few races make it to the level we had reached," said Derek, somewhat
sadly, "and a few decide not to try at all.  For example, the MASS might
make
it if they ever develop intelligence.  The trees of Jurai could have, but
they decided to go down another path for reasons of their own."
    "What does that mean?" inquired Washu.
    "Well, that is a story not related to this story," remarked the gnome,
"so let's stick to this one, all right?"
    The gnome stopped a moment to blow a smoke ring and then said, "About
one
million years ago there was a ripple in time and space, as the Lady Tokimi
tried to force her way into this universe.  There was only one race at the
time that could have stopped her.  My own."
    "What happened?" asked Ryoko, suddenly interested.
    "We shut the door on her, to put it simply," said the tiny man, "we
slammed it so hard that a part of her was ripped right off.  A ball of
energy, mindless and harmless, free of her mind.  My race realized that the
energy could be molded and used in any way we desired.  We knew that Lady
Tokimi might be back at any time, so we decided to make a creature who might
be able to put up a fight, to defend this universe.  We shaped it into a
female form, giving it a great mind and a slightly kinky sense of humor."
    Washu passed out, landing on the floor with a thud.
    "Oh," said the tiny man, as he puffed on the pipe, "she guessed the
ending.  We should move this to my home."
    With a flash of light, Washu, Tenchi and the rest disappeared from the
underground laboratory along with their new host.

    "How do you like my house?" said the gnome, as he hung his red hat onto
one of the hooks in the tiny hallway.
    "Nice," said Tenchi as he bent down, trying not to knock his head into
the ceiling.
    The home was comfortable looking.  The hallway was about twenty feet
long
and five wide, with doors on each end and along the sides.  The floors were
covered in rugs and pictures, mostly of other gnomes, dotted the walls.
    Princess Sasami, Princess Ayeka, Lady Ryoko and the tiny furry Ryo-Ohki
were all in the hallway, having appeared along with Tenchi and the gnome.
Washu was missing.
    "Where is Washu?" demanded Ryoko, looking about.
    "She's in the living room," said Derek as he opened one of the small
doors, "in here."
    Washu was in a chair before a fireplace, which had a burning log in it.
She seemed to be dead to the world.
    The living room was quite large, with a couple of chairs, think rugs and
a long table.  Both the chairs and the table were made from wood, which had
been both stained and highly polished.  The table was already holding dishes
of warm pastry and a dozen frosted mugs of ale.  The whole scene seemed to
scream cozy.
    Tenchi tried to sit down in one of the chairs without tipping over.
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki had no problem with their chair. Ayeka stepped over to
the table and grabbed up a pastry which she preceded to shove into her
drooling mouth.
    "God," remarked Tenchi, "didn't you have anything last night?"
    Ayeka and Ryoko were too busy choking down fruit filled pastry and
tossing back mugs of ale to answer.
    "Guess not," said Derek as he sat down and started to clean out his
pipe.
    Washu looked as if she was sleeping and not too happy with the dreams
she
was dreaming.
    "Will she be OK?" asked Sasami.
    "Maybe," stated Derek as he glanced over at the redhead.  "She's had a
great shock and she won't be the same again.  Her memories have all become
unstuck."
    Mmmmphhh," said Ayeka as she crammed another tart into her mouth, as
Ryoko downed another ale.
    "What memories?  Well, there is the first time she learned that Dr. Clay
had lost his memory, from Mihoshi," the gnome replied as he made himself
comfortable.  "That was the time she tied you up, right Ryoko?  She forgot
all about it.  Just like the story about how she sold that fake vase to Dr.
Clay 20,000 years ago?  She made the vase, of course, but never realized
that
she was using the knowledge we implanted into her memory.  She made it right
after entering the Imperial Science Academy NOT right after being born.  She
never realized the problems, the conflict of her memory with real life.  She
has about 980,000 years of memory to catch up on."
    "Between you and the Goddess," shouted Ryoko as she checked the many
empty mugs for a full one, "you've really screwed up my Mom's life!"
    "Yes," said the gnome as he used a tiny pick to finish cleaning the pip.
"And I fear it will only get worse for her."
    "How can it get worse?" stated Tenchi.
    "Well, lad, do you know what a viral weapon is?"

    "Let me get this straight," said Tenchi, his head throbbing and his
right
hand tugging on his jacket.  "You are saying that the Hive and the people of
Haven are having a war.  The Hive had the home advantage."
    "Correct," said Derek gesturing with his pipe.  "A dozen planets, a web
of military bases, trading partners, allies and vast resources.  Plus the
Goddess on their side."
    "OK," nodded Tenchi, "while the military of Haven was just entering the
field."
    "Right," continued Ayeka, "big fleet and portable everything but no
planets, no allies, a few spies and agents."
    "They're up you know what creek without a paddle," added Ryoko, as she
lay on the table trying not to throw up all the ale she had drunk.
    "So," said Sasami thoughtfully, "they had to even the odds."
    "Correct," called out Derek.  "So they figured, why not a viral weapon
designed to attack the Hive's crops and starve them.  Well, not ALL of them,
but some of them.  They used one of the Hive's own trading partners to
deliver the weapon."
    "It might work," said Ayeka, "but if what you have told us is true, it
would also wipe out most of the life on the planets.  Killing the plant life
directly and indirectly the animals by destroying their food sources."
    "I don't understand why the weapon would kill the whole planet,"
remarked
Princess Sasami as she held Ryo-Ohki tighter.
    "You see," said the gnome as he glanced at his pipe, "the Hive in some
ways are AS advanced in the area of genetic engineering as the Haven
scientists are.  When they colonize a planet, the Hive send city seeds.
Little packets of thinking, living baby cities.  They don't attack the
planet's plants when they hatch.  They join them, exchange information via
the DNA.  The Hive's cities learn how to live on the planet, the best
tactics
and forms to use.  In return, they make most of the local vegetation
harmless
or even edible.  The second wave have the warriors, the eggs, the weapons,
queens and so on."
    Derek sighed and shook his head, "it shows the flaws in the living
shells
above us. Corporation vs. Competition."
    Tenchi glanced up at the ceiling, thinking, 'We're under the ground.
Thought so.'
    "So," said Princess Ayeka, as she sat down on one of the small chairs,
"the Hive will suffer a famine and many of their people will die.  Without
the numbers to support the war, they will lose."
    "No," stated Derek sadly.
    "But you just said-"
    "No, no," said Derek, overriding Ayeka's protest.  "I fear the Hive's
Queens will not just fall over and let themselves die.  The Hive can be as
ruthless as any other race when its backed against the wall.  The most
likely
thing for them to do is try to get the food.  Capture grain shipments, raid
farming colonies and maybe even take over a few planets WITHOUT the owner's
permission."
    "You mean instead of stopping the war," said Tenchi slowly, "it might
spread out even more?"
    "What is it Washu likes to say?" commented Derek.  "Oh yes.  Bingo."

    "Oh, my head," whimpered Washu as she awoke.
    "Are you OK?" asked Princess Sasami as she gave Ryo-Ohki a slice of
carrot cake.
    "Well," stated Derek, "it is about time for you to get back to the
Earth.
 It wll need you very soon."
    "Hey," said Ryoko, holding her head because of the headache she was
starting to feel.  "Why don't you or your race come help the Earth and the
galaxy?"
    "No, no," said the tiny gnome, "Washu IS all the help we can give.  My
people won't be helping."
    "Well," remarked Tenchi, "I have to say that sounds very selfish of
them."
    "I am sorry," said Derek, "but they just don't think of themselves are
part of this galaxy.  Few of us have stayed, to study and watch over you,
but
most look down at you like you might look down at apes.  No, ants!  Even if
I
asked for help many would just ignore me.  Why listen to the man who plays
with ants?"
    "Is there anything YOU can do to help?" asked Washu as she got up out of
the chair, holding her head with both hands.
    "There may be one thing me and the few other watchers can do."
    "Ane that is?" asked Ayeka hopefully.
    "Keep the Goddess and her minions in their own universes.  You and the
others would still have to deal with the Hive and their allies within this
existance."  The gnome placed his pipe in a small box and closed it with a
click.
    "That might be enough if we can get the Galactic Union to join the
fight," said Tenchi.
    "Oh, I won't worry about the Union," said the gnome.
    "What do you mean?" demanded Washu.
    "Oh, well," answered Ayeka, "I think he means that the Hive are going to
do that for us."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------Tenchi Muyo! and related characters are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  Gamma Ten and the People of Haven and the Hive are mine.  Derek
the
gnome is on his own.
