Chapter 1


Ryoko lay on the roof, trying not to think about Tenchi, but was 

losing the battle with her mind.

<Why can’t Tenchi realize how much I love him?> her mind asked. 

<What is wrong with him? I’ve known him all his life and yet he is 

showing his love only to Ayeka. . .> 

She sighed. If only he knew. If only. Until she found her true love, she 

would have to keep to herself. 

“Ryoko! Lunch is ready!” Sasami called up to her.

Ryoko smiled. Sasami was the most wonderful little girl. She wanted

 to have children so badly. She sighed again. What was it like to be a 

mother?

“Ryoko! Common, we’re waiting for you!” Sasami called again.

“Coming!” Ryoko replied as she disappeared to the kitchen, a smile 

still on her face.

 

* * * * *

Lunch went well, and it was as tasty as ever. Ayeka and Ryoko kept 

the fighting to a minimum. The day was turning out better than she 

thought it would be. Ryoko had gone to look at the lake. It was so 

calm, so peaceful. . . 

A large crashing sound seemed to come from the forest. She flew 

to check out what had happened. She looked down while she was in 

flight and saw a large GP spaceship that had crashed in the middle 

of the forest.

<Why didn’t I see it fall?> she pondered.

She soared down quietly to look at the ship. Tree were broken and 

scattered around the spaceship. It was a horrible sight. To her 

surprise, a young man, probably in his early-twenties stepped off 

of the ship. He was in a full GP outfit. 

 

* * * * *

<Oh no!> Nikkou thought. <I’ll get fired from Galaxy Police if they 

find out about this!>

Touchi had gotten out of his ruined spaceship and was inspecting 

the damage. He was furious at himself for not getting enough fuel 

before he left headquarters. 

He didn’t notice a cyan haired woman hovering silently over him 

until she attacked him. He pulled out his ray gun and shot her arm. 

She hissed in pain and clutched her arm to stop the bleeding.

He took the chance to look her over. He was shocked. This was Ryoko! 

The Ryoko, most wanted criminal and famous space pirate! 

She looked up. Those golden eyes seemed to slice right through him.

In his confusion, she swiped at him with her golden light sword.

He dodged, barely getting away. He ran behind a tree, trying to shoot

at her from his hiding place.

Just then, a young man came running out from somewhere in the 

forest. 

“What the-“ he tried to say, before his sentence was cut of by a 

shot from a ray gun that was heading for Ryoko. 

She soared in the air and created a ball of golden light to throw 

at her new enemy, maneuvering the shot he had just fired, but 

still getting her skirt slightly burnt on the hem.

<Wow. . .> Ryoko thought, <He’s good.>

Ryoko flipped in the air and threw the ball of light at him, just 

close enough for him to feel the heat of it, but to far away to 

really hurt him.

Nikkou felt the extreme heat of the ball of light, which hit only 

feet from his face.

“Ryoko, knock it off! You don’t even know who this is!” Tenchi 

yelled.

“That doesn’t matter, he’s from Galaxy Police! That makes 

him my enemy!” Ryoko persisted.

“No Ryoko, it doesn’t.” Tenchi replied coldly.

“Don’t go attacking every single person you see! That’s all 

you seem to do these days!” He scolded. 

Ryoko hung her head.

<Now Tenchi hates me even more. . .> Ryoko let a single 

tear fall and then flew off, still clutching her arm. 

 

* * * * *

After Ryoko was, Tenchi walked over to the Police Officer.

“Hey, can I help you?” Tenchi asked.

“Umm. . . what was wrong with her?” Points to where Ryoko

 was standing only moment ago.

“Oh, her. She’s been taking some of her anger out on people

 because I said I don’t love her.”

“Wow. . .” Nikkou looked surprised. “She was in love with you?”

“Yep. She’s always playing tricks on Ayeka and never considering 

other people’s feelings though. She’s so annoying. I don’t love her.

 I hate her at that.”

Nikkou took the hint that the topic was closed for discussion. 

He almost felt bad for Ryoko. Almost.

“Do know a place I could stay at? Until I can go back to GP 

Headquarters that is. . .”

“Oh! Why don’t you stay at my place? That’s where Ryoko lives. 

There’s also Princess Ayeka, Princess Sasami, Washu, Kionei and 

Mihoshi from the GP.”

Totally surprised at the long list of boarders, he felt himself nod.

“It’s settled then! Oh, by the way, I’m Tenchi.” Tenchi reached 

out his hand.

“I’m Nikkou, from GP Headquarters.” Touchi shook Tenchi’s

 hand.

Nikkou could feel that this was going to be a good friendship.

 

    

    

Well, time to wrap up my first Chapter 
in my first series,
let alone piece of writing. I enjoyed 
writing this a lot, although
it may seem TOTALLY HORRIBLE. . .
 Also, to all the Ryoko fans, I kinda 
thought that maybe Ryoko could fall
 in love with someone else. . . not Tenchi 
though. Sorry if I made Tenchi sound evil. 
Oh well. I’m a Ryoko fan also.

 

Disclaimer Things – Well, yes, unfortunately, I 
don’t own anyone in this story except Nikkou , and 
please don’t sue me. (I only have $26.54!!) All this stuff 
belongs to the original creator of the series, such as the 
characters Ryoko and Tenchi. 
I don’t put any claim on anyone except Nikkou. 
I’m not making any money what-so-ever. Got it?
    

P.S. Sorry about Kionei’s name. 
I have no clue how to spell it. . . L 
 

Alice, the author of this story loves to get 
e-mail (hint, hint!), even if they are flames. 
The amount of e-mail I get will also determine
 if I finish this story or not.
 

P.S. If you find anyone named Touchi in this 
story, that person is supposed to be Nikkou.
Sorry about that.

 

9/15/00
