It was just another peaceful day at the Masaki household.  Sasami was
cooking, Ayeka and Ryoko were fighting, Tenchi was cleaning and so were
Mihoshi and Kiyone.  Washu was in her lab and she said she was inventing
something and that she cannot be disturbed.  A few weeks had passed and
Washu
still hasn't left her lab.  It was one morning when Washu walked outside of
her lab with a huge smile on it.

(Tenchi) What is it Washu?
(Washu) Nothing.  Only I just created the one of the greatest things ever.
(Washu-A) You are the greatest Washu!
(Washu-B) Yep, you are!
(Sasami) Can we see it Washu?
(Washu) Sure! Just follow me.

Everybody was curious about what she just created.  They all walked into the
lab following Washu.  After a bit of walking, they walked up to a large bed
incased in a glass shield.

(Ryoko) What did you create?
(Washu) Take a look for yourself.

Everybody then peered into the glass and was amazed at what they were
seeing.
 On the bed, was a young boy of around 10.  He was hooked up to medical
systems and was on a respirator.

(Tenchi) You created this boy?
(Washu) That I did.  He has gems like Ryoko.
(Ayeka) But miss Washu, why does the boy look almost like Tenchi and Ryoko?
(Washu) Well, I needed some DNA to create him.  He is also half human which
I
used Tenchi's.  So, he is kind of like Ryoko and Tenchi's child.
(Ryoko) You hear that Tenchi?  We have a kid!
(Ayeka) Get away from Tenchi you monster.
(Tenchi) Why me?
(Sasami) Is he alive?
(Washu) Yes Sasami.  This boy is alive.  He is just unconscious.

A month passed and the boy was still unconscious.  It was a fall day when
the
boy finally awoke.

(Boy) W-W-Who are you?
(Washu) I am your creator.
(Boy) Creator.  You mean I am just a creation?
(Washu) No, you are real boy.
(Boy) What's my name?
(Washu) I don't know.  Lets go ask the others.

Washu walked the boy outside into the living room where everybody else was.
They all saw the young boy and their immediate interest went straight to
him.
 Sasami stood up and walked over to the boy.  The boy was nervous when
Sasami
talked to him.

(Sasami) Hi.  My name is Sasami.  It's nice to meet you.
(Boy) Hi.  It's nice to meet you too.
(Sasami) What is your name?
(Boy) I don't know.
(Washu) What should we name him?
(Mihoshi) Well, um he is Tenchi and Ryoko's kid so why don't they name them?
(Ayeka) He is not there child!
(Ryoko) So, what should we name our kid?
(Tenchi) Um, how about Tenko?
(Ryoko) Tenko.  I like that name.
(Washu) So your name is Tenko.
(Tenko) Thank you.
(Sasami) Are you hungry Tenko?
(Tenko) Um yes.

Sasami led Tenko into the kitchen where she began to feed him.  Meanwhile,
in
the living room, everybody else was talking.

(Ryoko) Washu, I thought Tenko wouldn't need to eat since he has gems.
(Washu) Well, he is also half human so he needs food to survive.
(Kiyone) Why did you create him?
(Washu) Well, we do need extra help around the house and it wouldn't hurt to
have another boy around here.

Tenko finished his food and he cleaned up.  He thanked Sasami and they
walked
back into the living room.

(Tenko) Uh, do you mind if I go for a walk.  I would like to see the sun and
outside.
(Washu) Sure.  You may go but don't go to far.
(Ryoko) I will go with you.

Tenko and Ryoko then went for the walk.  After they walked around the shrine
steps, they stopped and sat down in an open field.

(Ryoko) So, how are you Tenko?
(Tenko) Fine I guess.  May I ask you a question?
(Ryoko) Sure.
(Tenko) Well, do I call you by your name or do I call you mommy?

Ryoko was startled by this question.  She didn't know what to say as an
answer.  As she looked into Tenko's warm brown eyes that reminded her of
Tenchi's she decided.

(Ryoko) You can call me mommy if you want.
(Tenko) Thank you mommy.

Ryoko and Tenko then went into a hug as a couple tears ran down Tenko's
cheek.  Ryoko wiped away the tears and she kissed Tenko's forehead.  They
began to walk back to the house.  When they got there Tenko sat down on the
couch next to Ryoko.

The day had passed and it was now late at night.  Tenko had fallen asleep on
the couch so Ryoko decided on where he should sleep tonight.

(Ryoko) Tonight, Tenko will sleep in Tenchi's room.
(Tenchi) All right.  He can have the bed then I guess.
(Ryoko) Wake up Tenko.
(Tenko) Huh?
(Ryoko) You can go to bed now. It's the 2nd room on the left.
(Tenko) Okay.  Goodnight everybody.
(Everybody else) Goodnight Tenko.
(Tenko) Goodnight mommy.
(Ryoko) Goodnight my little Tenko.  I will be up to tuck you into bed in a
minute.
(Tenko) Okay.

Tenko ran upstairs to the bedroom, as everybody was stunned over what they
just heard Tenko say.

(Kiyone) He called you mommy.
(Ryoko) Well, I am his mommy so I let him call me that.  Now, if you don't
mind, I have to go tuck my son into bed.

Ryoko flew upstairs as everybody had puzzled looks on their faces.  Ayeka
was
mad about the fact that Ryoko thought of herself as a mommy.  Everybody else
was amazed on how attached Ryoko was to Tenko already.  Ryoko walked into
the
bedroom and saw Tenko sitting up in bed.  She walked over and she placed the
covers over Tenko.  She then bent down and kissed his forehead and stroked
his hair back.

(Tenko) Goodnight Mommy.
(Ryoko) Goodnight Tenko.  Pleasant dreams.

Tenko then went to sleep as Ryoko walked downstairs.  Mostly everybody else
went to sleep except for Tenchi.  Ryoko teleported next to Tenchi.

(Ryoko) Whets wrong Tenchi?
(Tenchi) I just can't believe the fact that I am now a dad.
(Ryoko) Oh come on.  I am a mom.  I don't know the first thing about
motherhood.
(Tenchi) Well, at least he is not a baby.
(Ryoko) That's true.

Tenchi then said goodnight and he walked up to his bedroom.  When he walked
in, he saw Tenko sleeping so he quietly got out a pillow and some blankets.
Tenchi then fell asleep while Ryoko had fallen asleep on the couch.

Tenchi awoke the next day with a backache from sleeping on the floor but he
wasn't going to make Tenko sleep on the floor.  He stood and stretched.
Tenchi walked down to the kitchen where Sasami was cooking.

(Tenchi) Good morning Sasami.
(Sasami) Good morning Tenchi.
(Tenchi) Do you need any help?
(Sasami) Nope, everything is under control here.  Can you get wake everybody
else up?
(Tenchi) Sure.

Tenchi walked around the house and we woke everybody up.  They all came down
and sat at the dinning room table.

(Ryoko) Tenchi, where is Tenko?
(Tenchi) He is still sleeping.
(Ryoko) Well, we should wake him up to eat.

Ryoko then teleported to Tenchi's bed where Tenko was indeed sleeping.

(Ryoko) Wake up Tenko.
(Tenko) Good morning mommy.
(Ryoko) Good morning.  Breakfast is ready.

Ryoko took Tenko's hand and they walked downstairs where they sat down and
bean to eat.  After breakfast, everybody went to the shrine and began to
keep
it clean.  Tenko was in charge of sweeping so he did.  Ryoko of coarse
loafed
around like she always did.

(Ayeka) Being lazy again I see.  And you put your son to work.
(Ryoko) Take that back.
(Ayeka) Why?  Its true.  [Tenko walked up to them]
(Tenko) What did she say mommy?
(Ryoko) Nothing.  Here, you have been working hard.  Let me take over.
(Tenko) Okay.

Tenko handed Ryoko the broom and she began to sweep.

(Ryoko) You go have some fun.  You earned it.
(Tenko) Okay mommy.

Tenko kissed Ryoko on the cheek and then walked off to have some fun.
Ryoko,
of coarse swept the floors.  A few months had passed and everyday, Tenko was
getting closer and closer to Ryoko.  Ryoko loved the idea of having Tenko as
her son.  She didn't even seem to care that it was her and Tenchi's "child."

One day, Tenko was walking outside so he decided to lay down and look up at
the clouds.  After about half an hour, Ayeka walked up next to Tenko.

(Tenko) Hi aunt Ayeka.
(Ayeka) Hi Tenko.  Um Tenko.
(Tenko) Yes aunt Ayeka?
(Ayeka) Do you really think Ryoko is your mommy?
(Tenko) You mean, she isn't my mommy?
(Ayeka) Nope.
(Tenko) Then who is?
(Ayeka) You don't have a mommy or a daddy.

Tenko's eyes started to water.  Ayeka was laughing at the fact that Tenko
was
believing that Ryoko and Tenchi were not his parents.  Tenko then broke down
into crying.  He rolled up into a small ball.  All of a sudden, Tenko
vanished and he reappeared in the living room on the floor still crying.
Ryoko and Sasami were on the couch and so they quickly ran over to Tenko
when
they saw him materialize.

(Ryoko) What's wrong sweetie?
(Tenko between sobs) Aunt Ayeka said you were not my mommy.
(Ryoko) How could she?  I'll be right back Tenko.  Sasami, can you look
after
Tenko?
(Sasami) Sure.

Ryoko then ran outside and flew off to look for Ayeka.  She saw her so she
formed an energy ball in her hand and she threw it at Ayeka.  It barely
missed.

(Ayeka) What is your problem?
(Ryoko) You are!  You hurt my son and you will pay.
(Ayeka) That boy?  You think he is your son.
(Ryoko) He is my son.  Tenchi even called him his son.

Ryoko then charged Ayeka with her sword.  Ayeka barley blocked it and she
returned with an energy blast of her own.  After the battle Ryoko had
clearly
won because she was acting on rage.

(Ryoko) You are to go apologize to my son.  Got it?
(Ayeka) Never.

Ryoko then formed another energy ball.  Ayeka saw this and she decided to do
so.  They walked back to the house where Sasami was now consoling Tenko
while
sitting on the couch.  Ayeka walked up to Tenko and kneeled down in front of
him.  Sasami didn't want to pay any attention to her sister for what she
did.
