New Partner!
Chapter Two: Sometimes you get the bear,

    Ryoko and Princess Ayeka had agreed to meet in the work shed after dark.
Both checked carefully to make sure nobody had followed before lighting the
oil lamp.
    "She's too damn serious and pretty.  She makes Mihoshi look like a kid,"
said Ryoko as Princess Ayeka adjusted the lamp, to make it slightly
brighter.
    "You're right of course," remarked Ayeka.
    "What do we do?" asked Ryoko as she closed her hands into fists, "Tenchi
is going to start noticing her soon.  We won't have a chance.  She's so
mature and she has a job!"
    "Lady Ryoko, calm down."  Ayeka smirked and leaned towards her fellow
conspirator.  "We have lived with Tenchi longer then Mihoshi and we know
him.
 We know what he likes and what he doesn't like.  How can she compete with
us?"

    A strip a mile long had been blasted out of the jungle by the attacking
jets.  Smoking craters and burning vehicles seemed to be everywhere.  The
jungle itself was also burning out of control in some areas.
    Mist carefully moved about a six legged tank, its turret having been
torn
right off the hull by a direct hit of a heat-seeking missile.  She glided
about it, the leg thrusters allowing her to move as if she was on roller
blades.  Her suit's AI was having a field day while trying to process all
the
information the wreckage and fires were giving it.
    Behind her the regulars were spreading out, setting up some of the heavy
weapons and trying to find the best way across the open area without giving
the enemy snipers too easy a target.  Mist and the other tactical suits were
not too worried about high powered rifles.  Even as she examined an armored
car whose hover skirts had been chewed up by shrapnel the rest of her
company
was moving out of the jungle and speeding across to take up positions on the
other side of the clearing.
    Suddenly her visor went black as it tried to protect her eyes from the
blinding explosion of a HE warhead as it burst in the air above the
clearing.
 The pressure and heat waves slammed her suit into the ground as tracers
started to fire through the air, hidden alien gunners searching for targets
from the other side of the burnt landscape.
    "Turn on the jammers!" screamed a female voice over her company's
channel.
    Machine-guns and grenade launchers answered the alien attackers and soon
the air about her was filled with screaming rockets, supersonic bullets and
even a few plasma bolts.  The trees on both sides seemed to blossom with
explosions, the air becoming full of body parts and damaged equipment.
    "Report!" she screamed over the radio, as she used her back thrusters to
slide across the muddy ground, to hide behind another alien tank.  The tank
would prove to be only slightly protective, as it looked like a half-baked
potato, the top having been ripped open by an energy weapon of some kind.
    "Infantry with heavy weapons," answered Dale.  "They must have been
flanking the column when it was hit."
    Mist stood up, aimed and fired a full volley.  The missiles leapt out of
her suit's shoulder racks and disappeared into the tree line.  Trees, Hive
warriors and the very ground disintegrated under the attack.  The suit
reloaded the launchers as she bucked back down.
    "Shit!" shouted a voice over the radio.  "Tanks!  Enemy tanks!"
    Even before Mist could demand more data from the unknown voice a Hive
tank poked its nose out of the bush, the ball turret on top already aiming
the twin cannons towards Mist's hiding place.
    The tactical suits exploded upwards on the leg and back thrusters at the
same time she fired another flight of missiles.  The red tipped missiles
hammered into the tank, ripping off legs and snapping the tank's body into
three parts.  The air was filled with the smell of fried electronics and
burning chemicals as secondary explosions annihilated the pieces.
    The roar of a chain-gun and the impact of the bullets that hit the suit
from behind took her totally by surprise.  The world seemed to spin and she
passed out as her suit plowed into the unforgiving ground.  The last thought
she had was, 'They must have had flankers on both sides.'

    First Fleet Commander Tally answered the knock at his cheap hotel room
and let Special Trooper Van in.
    "I thought I ordered a steak," said Tally right before Van turned on the
scrambler.  Van was dressed as a waiter of the hotel, from the spinning bow
tie to the blue cowboy boots.
    "Report," said the Fleet Commander as he sat down on the heart shaped
bed.
    Special Trooper Van saluted and said, "The mission is finished.  The
crew
of the Blue Belles never knew we were there.  My men were able to get on and
off without being stopped."
    "Both phases?" demanded the Fleet Commander as he glared at the oil
painting of a three headed female alien.
    Van smiled and nodded, "Phase one went without a problem.  We downloaded
all information from the ship's computers.  We know every meeting place they
have used in the past and plan to use in their future dealings with the
Hive."
    Tally shook his head.  "What times we live in when we can't even trust
honest businessmen."
    "Huh?"
    Tally smiled, "Sorry, humor.  And phase two?"
    Van nodded and replied, "Phase two has been completed.  The Hive won't
even know till it's too late."
    "So," stated Tally, "the information about the cargo was correct?"
    "Yes, sir."

    "So, Kiyone, tell us a little about yourself," said Ayeka as she poured
the police officer with green tea.
    "Well, I've been working mostly in the field," asked Kiyone as she
picked
up the cup.  "My last assignment was on a little planet in the planet called
Beta Six.  It is a low gravity planet with a race who were just starting to
develop industry."
    "Sounds very boring," remarked Ryoko as she picked up a rice cake.
    "Well, I thought it would be," replied Kiyone, "but in fact it proved to
be very tough.  Drug dealers were using the natives to grow an illegal plant
in return they supplied some of the native city-states with laser weapons
and
enough power cells to use them."
    "Oh my," said Ayeka with a frown.  "What ever did you do?"
    "Oh, I ended up hunting them down," said Kiyone.  She sipped some tea
and
added, "I was only able to capture a few."
    "The rest escaped?" probed Ryoko as she wiped her chin clean of cake
crumbs.
    "No, I ended up having to kill the rest," stated Kiyone.  "One of my
special skills it jungle warfare.  That is why I was selected for Beta Sex.
Of course I hated it.  The bugs, the mud, the traps and the knife fights.
The food was terrible too.  This home made cooking is great."
    Kiyone sipped her cup of tea and added, "But I'll do anything for the
force.  I mean, I want to be assigned one day to HQ and to do that I have to
take every job they give me and than some.  I've even volunteered for riot
duty a couple of times.  I really enjoyed the way the club felt in one's
hands."
    "So, you really like being a cop?" Ryoko asked, as she poured Kiyone
some
more tea.
    Kiyone grinned and said, "Oh yes. Once I spent a whole year doing
nothing
but peeling potatoes in the kitchen."
    "I see," said a sweating Ayeka as Ryoko turned a tad pale.
    'She's going to be one tough cookie,' thought Ryoko.  'On the other
hand,
that explains why Mihoshi is so good in the kitchen helping Sasami.'

    Mist woke up, her body sore and her suit beeping at her.  As she tried
to
clear her head she noticed that the clock showed she had been out for half a
cycle.  She tried to stand up but found her suit's legs and arms were down.
The visor showed her that the spinal area of the tactical armor had been
shattered by high velocity rounds from an enemy ground car.
    "SHIT!  I can't get up."
    Mist used her chin control to bring up the status of her suit and
realized that there was no way to by-pass the damaged areas.  Unless
somebody
found her she was going to die here.
    "Don't worry trooper," said a voice nearby.  "You're save for now.  A
medic already checked on you."
    "Colonel?" Mist asked via her outside speakers.  Her visor showed that
her suit's own medical devices had been online the whole time.
    "You bet.  You are lucky me and my trusty plasma blaster were near by or
you would be a smear in the dirt right now.  Damn armored cars can be a real
dangerous."
    "What happen?"  She was able to see Val's combat boots walk by her head.
    "They had flankers who survived the air attack.  The ones on the
southern
side let us thru and than closed behind us once the northern flankers opened
up on us."  Mist could hear him reloading his blaster as he moved in
circles.
    "What about the tanks?"
    "Your fellow suit pilots were able to get nice and close with the creepy
armor and messed them up really bad," answered Val.  "Once the crawlers were
taken out the bugs fell back.  It got really messy as their heavy weapon
squads seem to like plasma weapons almost as much as I do.  Some of the
ground cars had jury-rigged missile pods too."
    Mist found her radio was being jammed and her sensors were all screwed
up.  "My suits a piece of junk," hissed Mist to herself.  Even the missile
launchers were not functioning as the tubes were clogged with dirt.
    "Well, we're still fighting trooper," answered the old man, "and that's
all that counts.  I radioed the transports to send us some reinforcements in
the form of some hover tanks."
    "Hover tanks in this foliage?" remarked Mist.
    "Yes, they won't help much within the jungle but will be great help when
we hit the bugs' bases in the flood plains."
    Val laughed and said, "But you won't have to worry about that."
    Mist could hear the approaching hum of a shuttle using antigravity
engines.
    "You are going to be spending some time in a hospital ship," continued
the Colonel.

    The Captain of the Blue Belles was not the hard drinking, chain smoking,
dirty mouthed man that most people think about when they picture a captain
of
a third-rate transport ship.  In fact, Captain Silver preferred listening to
classical music, eating chocolate covered cherries and talking to his pet
fish (who was named Fluffy).  His outfit was a clean pair of gray slacks and
a white sweater, with a pair of sandals.
    The bridge crew WERE hard drinking, chain smoking, dirty mouthed men and
women who would sell their Mom (or somebody else's) to bug eyed monsters for
a CD of good Mambo music.  The only thing that kept them in line was the
fact
that Captain Silver seemed to know how to pull in the money AND not get
caught by the Galaxy Police while doing it.
    As he sat in his chair, drinking a strawberry ice cream float and
leafing
through a scarf catalogue, one of the crew glanced back at him and reported,
"About to come out of faster than light speed at contact point YS-300."
    "Understood," answered Silver with a lisp, "prepare the sub-light
engines.  I want a totally scan of the area the second we drop back into
normal space."  He slurped at his plastic straw.
    The crew members started the process of warming up the normal space
engines and getting the long range sensors online.  "ETA, four minutes,"
stated a female crew member with an eye-patch.
    Silver burped and added, "Maybe sure our cargo hatches are ready to pop
open.  I want our buyers to be able to transfer the load to their ships
without delay."
    "Aye, sir," stated one of the bridge crew."
    "ETA, two minutes."

    "You've got to be joking?" said Sasami, as she stirred the soup,
    "No, I'm not," snapped Ayeka, "I want you to stay away from that woman.
She is a killer."
    "You're sister is right for once," added Ryoko as she sniffed at one of
the bottles of cooking wine that the tiny princess was cooking with.
"Kiyone
is a serious cop, with a long history of fighting the worst of the worst."
    "Yes, like you," added Ayeka.
    "HEY!" replied Ryoko.  "Whose side are you on?"
    "I don't know," commented Sasami, "she seems nice to me."  Sasami tasted
the soup and added a finger pinch of more spice from one of the tiny bowels
she had set next to the oven.
    "I am sure she SEEMS nice," replied Princess Ayeka, "but she could snap
at any moment!"

    Washu moved away from the kitchen's door and frowned.  "What are they up
to?"  The redhead frowned as she headed back to her lab's door under the
stairway.  Washu could tell the two were working together, but the question
was, working together to do what?
    Suddenly Washu felt a massive pain in her forehead.  The throbbing was
so
painful she almost fell to her knees as she grabbed her head with her hands.
Just as soon as the pain had hit it was gone. The pain left behind an image
burned into her mind, an image of Mihoshi drinking tea in the redhead's lab.
    "What the heck was that?" whispered Washu.

    "OK," said Kiyone as she took a seat in the brand new copilot's seat
right behind the pilot's seat, "this is just a renewal of your driving
license for Galaxy Patrol Class Ships."
    Mihoshi nodded her head and she peeked at all the controls.  "Wow, this
is much different from my old ship."
    "What?" remarked Kiyone as she picked up her clipboard. "How can that
be?
 These controls are the same as the older patrol ships."
    "Oh, OK," said Mihoshi.
    "FIRST, get use to your ship.  Make sure to adjust your seat and get
comfortable."
    "Hi ship!"
    "Hello Officer Mihoshi," greeted Farmer.  "I am a Model B Galaxy Patrol
Ship Interface, with a Class D Personality and an optional Chaos Generator.
My name is Farmer.  If it would make you feel more comfortable, please call
me Big B or the Big Green Machine."
    "Ohh, how cute," giggled Mihoshi.
    "Would you two be serious for a change," demanded Kiyone as she made a
mark on the clipboard. "Now," she added, "please start the engines."
    "OK," said Farmer.
    "No, not you," snapped Kiyone, "I want Mihoshi to do it."
    "Ohhh," said Mihoshi who started to kick the floor panels.
    "What are you doing?"
    "Trying to start the engines," said Mihoshi as she rolled her eyes.
"Like you said."
    Kiyone sighed, "That is not how you start the engines."
    "Hey, where is the head?" asked Mihoshi as she glanced about.
    "Head?  How can you sit there and just point out how I'm headless?"
sniffled Farmer.  "I'm very sensitive about my handicap."
    "Oh, I'm very sorry," said Mihoshi, pushing her forefingers together.
"I
didn't know."
    Kiyone whimpered and started to beat her head against the back of
Mihoshi's seat.

    The Blue Belles entered normal space with a flash of light and energy,
which quickly bled off into space.  Waiting for the tiny transport was a
huge, cigar shaped hull.  It was a Hive transport, with four huge cavern
like
engines in the rear and hundreds of laser turrets, which were always
searching space for a target.  Many of them were now pointing at the Blue
Belles, but that was accepted.  The Hive was a paranoid race.
    "Transmit the code and get us closer to their docking struts," commanded
Silver.
    As the Blue Belles floated towards the Hive's ship, holes appeared and
tubes flowed out, searching for the Blue's hull.  Some attached to help
stabilize the two ships, while others attached to the cargo's hatchways.  In
a few seconds robotic arms and cranes were passing the cargo to the Hive's
ship via the tubes.
    Silver watched as the valuable cargo of crates passed to the buyer.
"There it goes," stated the Captain, "the most valued and illegal substance
in the universe next to subspace warheads.  Fast growth fertilizer."
    "Pound for pound, worth its weight in military grade fissionable
material," whispered one of the crew.

    Kiyone sighed and said, "Let's try this one more time.  First, you
switch
main power to the heat deflectors.  Then you change the angle of the pitch
to
30% as you steer towards the atmosphere."
    "OK," replied Mihoshi as she glanced at the controls and the image of
Mars on the main screen. "What angle are we at right now?"
    "That display shows you the pitch," said Kiyone as she pointed over
Mihoshi's right shoulder, "the one right under the gravitational display."
    "Oh," answered Mihoshi.  She just sat there and stared at the controls
some more.
    "What," shouted Kiyone, "what are you waiting for?"
    "We have heat deflectors?"
    Kiyone screamed, lunging over the seat and grabbing Mihoshi by the front
of her uniform.  "You stupid bubblehead!  We have spent ten hours going over
the most basic of piloting skills!  How the heck did you even find this
planet MUCH less fly patrol duty?"
    Mihoshi whimpered, "I'm sorry.  I'll try harder."
    Kiyone ground her teeth and released Mihoshi's jacket. "OK, OK."
    Kiyone sat down and smoothed out her uniform.  "Maybe I am doing this
all
wrong.  Why don't you show me how YOU would land this ship on the planet
below?  Remembering that is has no beacons to guide us in?"
    "OK!" chirped Mihoshi.

    "Tenchi, I'm scared," said Sasami as she ran into his room.
    Tenchi was reading a book about Japan in the postwar years and was happy
for the break.  The book was a tad too honest and made him very depressed.
    "Why are you scared?" asked Tenchi as he picked up the small princess,
placing her onto his lap.
    "Ryoko and Ayeka were telling me how Kiyone is a killer," whimpered
Sasami.
    "What?" said Tenchi.  "Listen, Kiyone, like Mihoshi is a peace officer.
Sure, she might have to shoot back sometimes, but she is no more a willing
killer than Mihoshi or I am."
    "Really?" asked Sasami, looking up into his face.
    "Really!" replied Tenchi as he patted her head.

    "Damn," hissed Ryoko as she moved away from Tenchi's bedroom door and
slipped down through the floor to the first floor below.
    "Well?" demanded Ayeka, as she looked up from the library's floor.
    "Backfired," answered Ryoko as she landed next to her partner in crime.
"Not only did Sasami fail to scare Tenchi, but now SHE is in his lap!"
    "Oh my," said Ayeka, even while she tilted her head to work on another
plan, "I was sure her honest fears would turn Tenchi away from Kiyone.  Now
he might try harder to get to know her just to help Sasami get over them."
    Ryoko growled, her fists sparkling with red and yellow volts.  "Maybe I
should just fry her when she isn't looking?"
    "No, no," said Ayeka.  "That would just upset Tenchi and who knows how
long we'll be in exile if you do that!"
    "Oh," said Ryoko as she calmed herself down, "you're right."

    Washu glanced at the readouts as she scanned her own body.
    "Blood type OK, heart rate OK, energy pattern OK, DNA normal, brain
waves
normal."
    Washu frowned and did another sweep with the scanner and asked herself,
"What has happen to me?  What has Mihoshi have to do with it and why is she
drinking tea in my lab!"  She made sure all the pads and wires were attached
properly.  The computers didn't seem to find anything wrong.
    Washu, for one of the few times in her life, was scared.
    "This has something to do with Mihoshi or at least something she said,
but what?"
    Washu frowned, trying to recall the details from Mihoshi rambling story.
She frowned and suddenly realized with a shout within her head, 'It had
something to do with DR.Clay!'
    There was another explosion, like a nova inside her mind, but Washu just
snarled and yelled, "I'll beat you, whoever you are, you don't control me
with pain like an animal!"

    A tiny black spy pod floated near the Blue Belles, attached to a rock
with small grapples.  Cameras and tiny passive sensors flickers and hummed,
as they focused on the two coupled ships.  The rest of its systems had been
shut down, making it almost invisible to even active scanners.
    Inside sat two black suited pilots.  Both had huge black eyes, without
any white, and on their helmets was the black eye symbol of the Haven
Intelligence Section.  One of them was smiling as he watched the crates move
from the small ship to the larger one.  The other was not as happy to be
here, as he was sweating, even within the chilly cockpit of the small spy
ship.  All around them were glowing screens and computer images.
    "Well," said the cheerful pilot, "looks like they have taken the cargo
without noticing the changes in it."
    The sweating pilot stared at the scans of the Hive ship.  The pod's
computers had counted up to 200 energy weapons on the hull of the enemy's
ship.  "If they notice us we're going to die."
    "Calm down," said the first.  He glared at his fellow pilot and add,
"you
need to calm down.  Why the hell are you in military intelligence with such
an emotional makeup.  Hell, your sweating rivers."
    "I don't know.  I didn't pick this job," The second pilot tried to
adjust
his suit's heating unit and add, "the trainers said I was bred for it."
    "Yeah," said the first as he turned back to his control station.  "Well,
we have all we need in memory.  The Hive have the altered fertilizer and
they
won't know what hit them until it's too late.  Phase two is complete."
    "It seems kind of mean."
    "Mean?"  The first pilot turned to stare at the second.  "What are you
talking about?  All we're doing is destroying their farms' ability to grow
the next harvest.  When we get back to base I'm suggesting you get an
attitude test."
    The sweating pilot shook his head, "do you think that will stop them?  I
mean, do you think laying waste to their food supply will stop the Hive?"
    "Damn no," remarked the first pilot, "but it might slow them down."

    "Did I do OK?" probed Mihoshi as the ship stopped skidding.
    "That was very interesting," stated Farmer as automatic extinguishers
filled the cockpit with foam.  "I would have never thought of crashing into
the Face of Mars to slow down the ship's speed.  By the way, we lost two
landing struts, the hull is leaking in three places and I think the onboard
toilets are backing up.  Besides that we're doing great."
    "Kill me," whimpered Kiyone as she pulled herself off the floor.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  The rest
is mine.
