(Ayeka) I am very sorry for what I said Tenko.  I was wrong.  Ryoko is your
mommy.
(Tenko) I told you she was.

Ryoko then sat down next to Tenko and she had let him cry on her shoulder.

(Ryoko) There, There.  Everything is all right.
(Tenko) Thank you mommy.

Tenko stopped crying and he was back to his cheery little self.  Ayeka still
felt bad for what she did so she had locked herself into her bedroom.
Sasami
went back to cooking lunch while Tenko and Ryoko watched TV.  She wanted to
watch the soaps but Tenko wanted to watch cartoons so she allowed him to.

Lunch came around and mostly everybody was there with the exception of Ayeka
who was in her room and Tenchi who was at school.

(Washu) Where is Miss Ayeka?
(Ryoko) She is in her room thinking over something that she did.
(Tenko) Mommy?
(Ryoko) Yes Tenko?
(Tenko) Can I go wait outside to meet up with Daddy?
(Ryoko) Sure.  But he wont be home until a little later.
(Tenko) Okay.

The day had passed and Tenko did what he wanted to.  He was waiting at the
gate next to Azaka and Kamidake.  After a bit more of waiting, Tenko saw
Tenchi walking towards the house so he stood up and ran over to Tenchi.

(Tenchi) Hi Tenko.
(Tenko) Hi Daddy.  How was school?
(Tenchi) It was okay.  How was your day?
(Tenko) It was good except for when Aunt Ayeka hurt my feelings.
(Tenchi)  How did she do that?
(Tenko) She told me that you were not my daddy and that Ryoko wasn't my
mommy.
(Tenchi) Don't worry Tenko.  I will have a talk with her.

Tenchi and Tenko walked back to the house where dinner was prepared and they
decided to go eat.  After dinner was done, Tenko and Sasami went out to go
catch some fireflies.  Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu were outside
watching the two kids catch them while Tenchi went up to Ayeka's bedroom.

(Tenchi) Can I come in miss Ayeka?
(Ayeka) Yes, you can enter. [Tenchi entered the bedroom and sat down next to
Ayeka]
(Tenchi) I would like to talk to you about what happened earlier.
(Ayeka) I know.  I am very sorry if I hurt Tenko's feelings.  Is he doing
better?
(Tenchi) Don't worry, he is fine.  Just remember, Tenko is just a small
child.  He doesn't really know much and Ryoko to him is the only thing he
has
in life is to believe that she is his mommy.
(Ayeka) I know.
(Tenchi) Come on, everybody else is outside having a good time.  You should
to.

Tenchi took Ayeka's hand and they walked outside to see everybody else.

(Ayeka) Miss Ryoko, I am very sorry for what I did and I hope you will
accept
my apology.
(Ryoko) Fine, I do accept your apology but don't let anything like this ever
happen again.
(Ayeka) It won't.

It was getting late so everybody decided to go get some sleep. Since
tomorrow
Tenchi did not have school, they would go have a fun day in Tokyo.  Tenko
was
about to go to bed when Washu stopped him.

(Ryoko) What's the deal Washu?
(Washu) Well, I have built a room for Tenko.
(Tenko) Thank you.
(Washu) Follow me.

Washu led Ryoko and Tenko down the hall to a closet.  Washu opened up the
door to reveal a bedroom just for Tenko.  In it were a bed, a game system, a
TV and some toys.

(Tenko) Is this for me?
(Washu) Yes it is!
(Tenko) Thank you!

Tenko hugged Washu and then he walked in and he looked around his room.
Ryoko was amazed that Washu had done something this nice for Tenko.

(Ryoko) Okay Tenko.  Its time to go to sleep.
(Tenko) Okay.

Ryoko tucked Tenko in and then she left for him to go to sleep. Ryoko then
left to go sleep on the couch Washu went to her lab.  At around 1 am, Ryoko
snucked up to Tenchi's room like she usually did.  She stayed there looking
at Tenchi sleep.  After an hour, she got bored.  For her, this was odd
because she didn't get bored when watching Tenchi.  She decided to go watch
Tenko for a change.  She then teleported to Tenko's room where she saw him
sleeping.  She then sat down and began to watch her son as he slept.

The morning came and everybody was ready to go to Tokyo. This was the first
time that Tenko would be leaving Okayama so he was really excited.
Everybody
got into the car and they left for Tokyo.  On the car ride there, Tenko was
having fun just watching the changing scenery.

They finally arrived and they all got out of the car.  Tenko eyes
immediately
lit up at the sight of the city.  Tenko's stomach was growling so he decided
to ask Ryoko about it.

(Tenko) Mommy?
(Ryoko) What is it sweetie?
(Tenko) I'm hungry.  Can I get some breakfast?
(Ryoko) Sure.

Since nobody else ate breakfast, they all decided it would be good to get
some.  They all walked into a restaurant and had breakfast.

(Tenko) Daddy, what are we going to do today?
(Tenchi) Well, we are going to do a little shopping and then there is a
carnival tonight that we will go to.

Tenko was happy at the thought of going to a carnival.  Breakfast ended and
they all went shopping.  Washu had created little credit cards for everybody
with unlimited limits.  Of coarse, Tenko didn't have a credit card so he
just
tagged along with everybody.  Ryoko, Kiyone, and Mihoshi went into a
clothing
store.  Ayeka, Washu, and Sasami went into a jewelry store, and Tenchi and
Tenko went into a toy store.

(Tenchi) Okay Tenko.  You can pick a toy out.
(Tenko) Yay!!!

Tenko then went around the store and he saw a toy that he wanted.  He
pointed
to the toy and Tenchi bought it for him.  After that, they went to go see
how
everybody else was.  They walked into the clothing store where Ryoko,
Mihoshi, and Kiyone were.  Tenko saw Ryoko so he quickly ran to her and
hugged her.

(Tenko) Hi mommy.
(Ryoko) Hi sweetie.  Did you have fun with your daddy?
(Tenko) Yep! I sure did,
(Ryoko) Where did you get that toy?
(Tenko) Daddy bought it for me.
(Ryoko) That was very nice of him.
(Tenchi) Yea well.

Ryoko then went to go put on some more dresses.  Tenchi went to go see how
Ayeka, Sasami, and Washu were doing so Tenko was left with Ryoko.  Tenko
became Ryoko's personal dress rater.  Whenever she came out with a new
dress,
Tenko would tell her if it looked good or not.

After some shopping, Ryoko put all of her bags in the car.  They were going
to go meet up with everybody else when she saw this cute little outfit for
Tenko.  They both went into the store and they went to do some shopping for
some clothes for Tenko.  They finished and they met up with the rest of the
gang.

They all went to the carnival that was going on.  Everybody was having so
much fun.  Sasami went onto the Ferris wheel with Mihoshi and Kiyone.
Ayeka,
and Washu played some games, and Tenchi won Ryoko a stuffed teddy bear.
Tenko was just tagging along.  He was feeling kind of bad because he wasn't
getting any attention.  It was like that they didn't care about him.

After a bit more, Ryoko and Tenchi were about to go on the Ferris wheel when
she noticed Tenko depressed.  So instead of going on with Tenchi, she handed
all of her stuff to Tenchi and she grabbed Tenko's hand.  They got onto the
Ferris wheel leaving Tenchi on the ground.

(Ryoko) Are you okay sweetie?
(Tenko) Im fine mommy.
(Ryoko) Are you sure?  You look sad.
(Tenko) Well, ever since the carnival started, you have been paying more
attention to Daddy and not me.
(Ryoko) Awe, don't worry my little Tenko.  You mean the world to me and I
love you.
(Tenko) I love you too mommy.

The day had ended and they were all on their way back to Okayama.  Tenko and
Sasami had fallen asleep on the car ride home.  They were sitting next to
each other so they were leaning on each other.  Ryoko thought this was so
cute so she took a picture of it.  They soon got home.  Tenchi carried
Sasami
to her room while Ryoko teleported Tenko to his.  The whole house soon fell
asleep.

The next day went by free of ease.  There were no worries at all.  After
lunch, Tenko went outside to pick some flowers for Ryoko.  After that, he
climbed a tree and got some cheery blossoms knowing it were her favorite.
When he got down from the tree, a beautiful young woman was behind him.

(Tenko) Hello.
(Funaho) And hello to you too.
(Tenko) Are you looking for someone?
(Funaho) Yes, I am looking for Yosho.
(Tenko) Well, I don't know anybody names Yosho.
(Funaho) Oh, then can you take me to Tenchi?
(Tenko) Oh, you mean my daddy. Sure follow me.

Tenko picked up all the flowers and he headed back to the house followed by
Funaho.  They soon arrived at the house to meet up with Ryoko.

(Tenko) Hi mommy.  This lady is looking for Daddy.
(Funaho) Hello Ryoko.  It's a pleasure seeing you again.
(Ryoko) Yea, same here.  Tenko, go get daddy.  He is in his room.
(Tenko) Okay. [Tenko ran off]
(Funaho) So, he is your son?
(Ryoko) I guess you can put it like that.
(Funaho) He looks very energetic.
(Ryoko) He is a handful.

Ryoko led Funaho into the house as Tenchi was coming downstairs.

(Tenchi) Hello Lady Funaho.
(Funaho) Hello Tenchi.
(Tenchi) What do we owe the pleasure of you being here?
(Funaho) I have come here to see how well you are all doing.  Is Washu here?
I must talk with her.
(Ryoko) I will go get her.

Ryoko went to get Washu as Funaho drank some tea that Tenchi gave her.

(Washu) Why hello Lady Funaho.
(Funaho) Hello little Washu.  Tenchi, Ryoko, I must talk to her in private.
(Tenchi and Ryoko) Okay. [they left]
(Washu) So what can I do for you?
(Funaho) I wanted to talk to you about that little boy.
(Washu) What about him?
(Funaho) He can't really be Ryoko, and Tenchi's natural child.
(Washu) Well, you are right.  I used their DNA's and I created him.
(Funaho) I also noticed he had three gems.
(Washu) Yea.  I didn't put them in him.  They just appeared.
(Funaho) What about your promise never to create anything like Ryoko again?
(Washu) What harm is going to come from Tenko?  He is just a small 10yr old
boy.
(Funaho) I guess you are right.

Meanwhile, Tenko was outside wrapping the flowers in a bow.  He finished and
then he went to look for Ryoko.  He called out her name and he couldn't find
her.  He kept looking until he saw her on the roof.  He walked into the
house
and onto the roof.

(Tenko) Mommy?
(Ryoko) What is it?
(Tenko) I picked you some flowers. [Tenko handed her the flowers and she
smelled them]
(Ryoko) These smell very good.  Thank you Tenko.
(Tenko) Your welcome mommy.