In a dark palace, the goddess Tokimi held the Masaki gang captive in a force
field.

(Ryoko) Lets us out of here Tokimi!
(Tokimi) Now, that wouldn't be a smart thing would it?  I will let you all
out when that son of yours comes to rescue you.
(Ryoko) I swear, if you harm one little hair on his head I will kill you.
(Tokimi) I would love to see you do that.  Ah, Washu.  What a pleasure to
see
my sister again.
(Washu) That's more than I can say about you sis.
(Tokimi) You time will come soon.

What the group didn't know was that Tenko and Sasami were already on their
way.

(Sasami) How will we be able to find them?
(Tenko) I have my mind link with both my mom and grandma.  We will find them
in no time.
(Sasami) I hope my sister is okay.
(Tenko) Don't worry Sasami.  Ayeka will be okay.

Back in the palace, everybody else still awaiting for something to happen.
Both Washu and Ryoko kept tying to tell Tenko not to come because it was a
trap but all attempts failed.

(Ryoko) Why wont any of my powers work.
(Washu) That's easy my little Ryoko.  Lady Tokimi has this force field that
not allows to use any of our powers including our mind link.
(Tenchi) So we can do nothing but wait?
(Washu) Looks like it.
(Ayeka) I hope Tenko will be able to help us when he gets here.
(Ryoko) I raised my son to be strong.  He will save us hopefully.
(Tenchi) I hope you are right about our son.

Back in the ship, Sasami was getting sleepy but Tenko had to stay up.

(Tenko) Sasami, you should go get some sleep.
(Sasami) No, Im fine.
(Tenko) No seriously, it's late.  You can have my room just go down the hall
and it's the first door on the left.
(Sasami) Thank you.

Sasami then went to sleep as Tenko stayed up front and with his full
attention to their destination.

(Tenko) I will find out who did this!

After another few hours, Tenko was tired himself.  He placed the ship on
autopilot and he went to sleep.  The next morning, they were about an hour
away.  Both Tenko and Sasami were extremely nervous.  They soon arrived at
the dark palace.  They were surprised that there were no guards.  They ran
into the palace and went into the main chamber where everybody else was
including Tokimi.

(Tokimi) Well, it seems our little friends have arrived.
(Tenko) What have you done to my family?
(Tokimi) They are right over there.
(Tenko) Let them free or else.
(Tokimi) Or else what.  Tell you what; I will let everybody free to go home
if you agree to become my slave.
(Ryoko) Don't do it Tenko.  It's only a trap.
(Tenko) Let them go first.
(Tokimi) Very well.

Tokimi released everybody from out of the force field.  Ryoko and Tenchi
quickly ran up to Tenko and hugged him.  Tenko handed Tenchi the box.  He
opened it to reveal Tenchi-ken.  Tenchi activated the sword and Ryoko
activated her sword.

(Ryoko) Tenko, get everybody back to your ship.  We will be able to handle
this.
(Tenko) But mom.
(Ryoko) Do it now Tenko.

Tenko and everybody else than ran back to the ship, everybody boarded except
Tenko.

(Kiyone) Come on Tenko.
(Tenko) No, I must go back.
(Ayeka) But you cannot go back.
(Sasami + Mihoshi) Please don't leave.
(Tenko) I must.
(Washu) Go Tenko.  Your mommy and daddy will need you.
(Tenko) Thank you grandma.

Tenko kissed Washu on the cheek and he ran off.  Washu loved the fact of
being a Grandma.  Tenko got back to the main chamber and he saw his parents
losing.  Tenko formed an energy ball and he shot it at Tokimi.

(Ryoko) Tenko, what are you doing here.
(Tenko) Im here to help you.

All four of them then went into a large battle.  Tokimi picked up Tenko and
they're him up against a pillar.  She then fired an energy ball at Tenko.
The huge cloud of dust filled the area as Ryoko broke down crying and Tenchi
stood over her.

(Tokimi) That was too easy.  I thought the son of you two might put up a
fight.
(Tenchi) Tokimi, you just took mine and Ryoko's son.  You will pay.

Tenchi got back into the fight.  He was losing and Tokimi was about to kill
Tenchi and Ryoko.  Ryoko was about to allow it knowing her son was dead
until
she saw the dust clearing.  Out of the dust came three bright beams of
light.

(Ryoko) Tenko?
(Tokimi) What is this?
(Tenchi) The wings of the light-hawk.

The dust cleared and as said, Tenko was standing there with three wings of
the light-hawk.

(Tokimi) How can this be?  I killed you.
(Tenko) You can never kill me Tokimi.  Prepare to die.

Tenko then held out his hands and two of the wings gave him some royal Jurai
clothes.  The last became a sword that Tenko grabbed.  Tenchi and Ryoko
looked on as Tenko was doing the exact same thing that Tenchi had done when
he fought Kagato.

With a final swing of the sword, Tenko cut Tokimi in half.  Tokimi screamed
out in pain and she vanished.  Tenko fainted from the loss of energy.  Ryoko
and Tenchi quickly picked him up and carried him out to the ship as the dark
palace was crumbling.

They got back onto the plain and they headed back for earth.  Months had
passed and Tenko was still unconscious from the fight.  Everyday Ryoko was
by
his side because she wanted to be there when he had awakened.  It was late
at
night when he did wake up.  Ryoko started crying as they both hugged.

(Ryoko) I will never let you fight again.  I almost lost you.
(Tenko) But you didn't mom.

Tenko had stayed in the lab because he was too weak to go upstairs.

Years had passed and Tenko was now 18.  Ryoko and Tenchi also got married.
Tenko decided to go to high school.  Sasami also wanted to go so they were
now both seniors at Tenchi's old high school.  It was the end of the day and
Tenko was walking up to Sasami.

(Tenko) Ready to go home?
(Sasami) Let me just get my books.

Sasami went to her locker.  As she got there the captain of the basketball
team was already wait there fore her.

(Sasami) Do you mind?  I have to get to my locker.
(Amagasaki) Well, how bout a kiss?
(Sasami) For the last time, I will not go out with you.
(Amagasaki) Why not?  You know you want me.
(Sasami) Leave me alone Amagasaki.
(Amagasaki) I wont leave you alone until I get that date.

Tenko saw that he was bothering her so he decided to do something about it.

(Tenko) The lady said no. Got it?
(Amagasaki) Who do you think you are?  I will beat you to a pulp.
(Tenko) Well, what I know is that you are a weakling.

With rage, Amagasaki punched Tenko.  Tenko took the punch, and when he
showed
his face, there was a huge gash above his left eye.  Amagasaki went for
another punch but he missed. Tenko grabbed his hand and he lifted him off
the
ground.  He dropped him and Amagasaki ran off scared.

(Tenko) Ready to go home?
(Sasami) Yep.

Tenko and Sasami then got on the bus and they left home.  On the bus ride
home, Sasami saw the blood dripping down Tenko's face so she took out a
tissue and she wiped it away.

(Sasami) When we get back Washu will fix you up.
(Tenko) No need.

Tenko then concentrated and his gash went away.

(Sasami) I forgot.  You are Ryoko's son.

They got back and Sasami started on fixing dinner.  Like always Ryoko was
impatient so Tenko helped Sasami cook.

(Ryoko) When is dinner going to be ready?  Im starved.
(Tenko) It will be ready in a few minutes mom.
(Ryoko) It better be.

Sasami and Tenko got back to cooking; when they were done Tenko said a funny
remark.

(Tenko) Im surprised I didn't get my mom's bottomless pit for an appetite.
[Sasami laughed]

Everybody ate the wonderful meal.  A few months had passed and it was now a
month before the senior prom.  Everybody was downstairs watching TV with the
exception of Tenko who was reading a book.

(Ryoko) So Sasami, do you have a date for the prom yet?
(Sasami) I do.  His name is Tienschu.  He is the captain of the football and
he is a hunk.
(Ryoko) Better keep him away from me then.
(Tenko) Mom!
(Ryoko) What.  Im just saying.
(Tenko) So you are going with that guy?
(Sasami) Yep.
(Ryoko) Tell me, whom did my son ask?
(Tenko) Nobody!

Tenko then teleported himself to the lake.  Ryoko was worried over what was
bothering Tenko. Tenko got some stones and he started to skip them across
the
lake.  After a bit, Tenchi walked up next to Tenko.

(Tenchi) What's bothering you son?
(Tenko) Nothing dad.
(Tenchi) There is obviously something wrong.  Tell me.
(Tenko) Well, it's just the prom.
(Tenchi) Don't worry.  You will have a date.

Tenchi and Tenko went back inside.  The month had passed and it was the
night
of the prom.  Tenko never did get a date so he would be staying home as
Sasami went to the prom. Tienschu showed up at the door and was ready to
take
Sasami to the prom.  Washu took some pictures as Tenko leaned up against the
pillar looking a bit mad.  After the pictures were done, Tenko pulled
Tienschu off to the side to talk to him.

(Tenko) Okay. I am going to say this once so listen up.  If you harm Sasami
in anyway I will hunt you.  And when she says no.  Its final got it??
(Tienschu) G-G-Got it.
(Tenko) Be happy.  You got a perfect date for the prom.  Treat her well or
you know what.

Just as Sasami and Tienschu were about to leave, Tenko told Sasami
something.

(Tenko) Have fun, and if anything goes wrong then call me and I will be
there
as soon as I can.
(Sasami) Don't worry about me Tenko.  I will be fine.

Tienschu and Sasami left to go to the prom.  Tenko sat down on the couch and
he started to read his book.