DISCLAIMER : Tenchi Muyo and its characters are copyright of AIC and
Pioneer.They aren't mine.

By Ronnie L. Hill Jr.( aka Nephlym) at   nephlym@topseven.com
[Spelling checked by Quick Spell Free Trial Version  at
http://www.fornada.com/html/home.html ]

WARNING (Rated R): This story contains Violence,sexual acts,and adult
langage.Please do not read if you are under 18 or find such things
offencive.

NOTE ON TIME LINE :  The girls began arriving in early spring of 1996.And
the story is set in a combination of the OAV , TV , and the movies.

                            TENCHI MUYO : NEW STAR  RISING
                           PROLOGUE : LAST DESPERATE ACTS

            Dec. 9,2033
Fort New Hope Star Field ,Jurai

   Mayuka stared across the twenty some odd paces at her little brother
Kinada,dressed in his cobalt black jump suit,by his personal fighter,the
Black Hawk 3201.Their were other Black Hawks on the field but none like the
3201.It was like her younger brother. Strong, dangerous and dark.

   By standard Earth measurements,he stood six foot three,and weighed about
two hundred and twenty pounds.Through his training for the past twenty
eight years,he had developed a powerful build,and the best combat skills a
normal being could attain.He was even a match for herself or Miss Ryoko
when pushed.

   Kinada looked at her,brushing a lock of long black hair from his
eyes,and winked at her with that same twisted little grin he wore when he
was about to do something he knew would get him into hot water.She was
physically 18 years older than her younger brother, but in reality only
about  four years.She had been a construct of a demon named Yazuha and sent
to kill her father,only to end up being destroyed by her creator.

   Washu had regenerated her into a baby by Christmas of 1998,but
Tenchi,her father,felt guilty that she would never be able to grow into the
same person she had been in the beginning.So Washu sped up her growth rate
and returned her to her original age,of fourteen.Now over three decades
later,she didn't look as old as her little brother.That was due to her
having nearly complete Juraian blood.Kinada was the opposite.He was almost
totally Earthling.

   As the tall man tossed his helmet back into the cockpit,he turned and
began to cross the area between them.The way he walked had always reminded
her of the way a jungle cat moves while hunting.When he reached her he
wrapped his arms around her and spun her around, before saying,"This must
be my lucky day.First I fly a dull patrol and then the most beautiful woman
on the planet meets me at my landing pad."

   Reluctantly she pushed free of his strong embrace and looked up into his
jet black eyes for a long moment.She loved him in so many ways that she
couldn't count them all.But right now there were more pressing matters.Not
quiet pulling away from his arms,she said,"Kinada,dad needs to see you.It's
very important."Kinada frowned as he said,"When he calls something
important,others would call it earth shaking."

   After he removed his flight gloves,she grasped his hand and walked with
him to the car she had came in.After he was settled in the back,she leaned
over and lay her head on his shoulder. By Juraian law they could have been
married if they had wanted,but their father would have never have
approved.He saw such relationships as wrong,just because that was the way
it was veiwed in most places on Earth.It never seemed to occur to him that
he had done the same by marrying his own great aunt,Miss Ayeka.

   Kinada however had been raised on Jurai.Mainly by their three
mothers.But the other women of the Masaki family had had their hand in
raising him as well.Most notablely was Kiyone.Her influence on him had made
him the best fighter pilot in the empire.The fighter pilots hadn't been put
into action until right after Earth had been destroyed thirty years ago,by
a group of Juraian rebels.

   They flew small heavily armed fighters that the large GP Cruisers and
Juraian Tree Ships couldn't keep up with.The Emperor had been poisoned not
long after,so Tenchi and Ayeka had to assume control of the Empire.The
first thing Tenchi did was get a fleet of star fighters in
operation.Eventually Washu designed the Black Hawk Class Star Fighter.It
was the best all around fighter that existed.That was until Kinada got old
enough to begin piloting one,and then Washu built the 3201.

   Over the years the small fighter had evolved to take over a number of
roles.Not only was it the fastest and most powerful of any of the ships in
the galaxy,but it was also the most advanced  computer in the galaxy as
well,aside from Washus' on of course.The systems aboard the 3201 were all
considered top secret.It had Dimensional Drive systems,Temporal Drive
systems,and a Trans Warp Drive.That along with so many other systems that
she couldn't count them all,was what made the little fighter so special.

   Several people had attempted to fly the 3201,including Ryoko,but had
come up short on performance in the end.Kinada was the only one so far to
show the skill needed to pilot the 3201 to its limits.It wasn't strength or
endurance that made him better than the rest. Had that been the case,Ryoko
would have been the better pilot.No it was Kinadas will that made him
better.Every time he flew the 3201 or fought in or out of it,he gave
everything he had.If he lost, then he would die.No one else was willing to
push themselves that far.

    Kinada looked down at her with a small grin and said,"So how was your
day?"Mayuka giggled a moment then said,"Same as all ways.Sit around and
look pretty.Don't say anything that might upset someone."she paused a
moment and looked out the window longingly before adding,"I wish we could
have stayed on Earth.You would have loved it there."She was surprised as he
lifted her from his side and lowered her onto his lap.

   Wrapping her arms around his neck,she kissed him deeply then backed away
just enough to see his eyes as she said,"You know,Dad only asked you to
come to him.It wasn't an order.So you have time for a quick shower before
we go."That twisted little grin came back to his face.This time she
understood just what it meant,and wasn't about to argue with him about it.

   An hour later in his room at the palace,Mayuka stared at Kinadas' face
as he lay with his head resting on her belly.The echo of her own voice
crying out for gratification,rang in her ears.The sensation and sent of his
and her sweat on her body made an intoxicating cocktail,that clouded her
already fuzzy mind.This was the kind of moment she longed for. The ones
where their father didn't control their actions,and they could just be with
one another.

   Kinada had always been her lover.He would have been her husband by now
if their father wasn't such an ass.She could count the number of other
women that he had slept with on one hand.And she could have used only two
fingers for her own lovers in the past.No one else seemed to fit with her
quiet like he did.Both physically and emotionally. He was her perfect match
in so many ways.

   Kinada broke the silence by saying,"Ohh man I could lay like this
forever,but..."and slowly got up and carried her to the shower with
him.Twenty minutes later she sat brushing her hair as he pulled on a fresh
flight suit and began stuffing various devices into the pouches and pockets
on his hips,thighs and chest.The next to the last item to take its place
was his gun.Kinada hated having to carry the thing.But it was standard
issue for all pilots. Even for the eldest son of the Crown Prince.

   Laying down her brush,she picked the short sword off the bed and looked
at the intricate designs along the blade and hilt.This little sword was his
favorite weapon.And he never armed himself with it.That was her task.They
had a deal,that the day she didn't put the sword in the sheath on his
back,would be the day he gave up being a fighter pilot.

    Each time she went to put the thing in its sheath,she had to think of
what she was doing.She always questioned herself as to whether or not the
mission he was about to take on was worth his life or not.She knew full
well what mission her father had for him today, and how important it was to
them all.But she nearly didn't arm him.

   Tears rolled down her cheeks as she slammed the sword into place,causing
Kinada to turn around and look at her.After a moment he said,"That bad
huh."All she could do was nod.The words refused to come out.Kinada wrapped
his strong arms around her and snuggled her close as he said,"I'll always
come back to you.Some how,some way.You know that."She squeezed him tightly
as she said,"You better,or I'll come after you."

    She took his hand and led the way to the office her father was using
for their meeting.Inside stood all the usual faces.Their father and
mothers.Kiyone and Mihoshi in their Grand Marshal uniforms,and their aunt
Sasami beside Prof.Washu.Tamara,Kinadas' mother walked over and kissed her
sons cheek and whispered to Mayuka saying,"Did you two have to take so long
this time?He is in a panic as it is." Kinada grinned and said,"It takes as
long as it takes mom.You can't just rush things like that."Mayuka wasn't
sure who turned redder,Tamara or herself.

   Tamara snorted as she looked up at Kinada and said,"You have been
hanging around with your second mother to long.You're beginning to sound
just like her."Ryoko grinned and said,"I didn't do anything.I have no idea
where he picked such things up."Ayeka covered her face to snicker a moment
then said,"Come on now,There isn't much time left."

   Tenchi looked at all of them as if he felt he was missing alot more than
he was catching and said,"I wish all of you would quit leaveing me out of
these jokes of yours.I am beginning to think I an the butt of
them."Frowning Kinada said,"No daddy dearest,you make a big enough ass of
yourself with out our help."The two of them stared at each other for what
seemed forever,until Kinada finally said,"Well are we going to kiss or are
you going to tell me what hair brained idea you came up with this time."

  Mayuka and the others watched and waited for Tenchi to explode as he
always did when Kinada went off like this.But this time Tenchi just sat
there and shook his head.Kinada raised an eyebrow then leaned across the
desk and looked his father over before saying, "You look normal.So what
happened?Did mom or Ryoko finally cut off your balls?" Again Tenchi just
stared at his son as if the man were a fool.

   Mayuka knew that it wouldn't take to much more of this before they came
to blows again,but getting between them was a certain trip to the emergency
room.When their father stood up and walked around the table,she thought
that all hell was getting ready to break loose.But Tenchi only wrapped his
arms around Kinada and said,"When you get back,I will give you my
permission for the two of you to get married.This feud has gone on between
us to long."

   One look at their three mothers told her that they were as surprised as
she herself was.Tenchi grinned and said,"What?Did you think I was to blind
to see what was going on in my on home?" Kinada shook his head as he
said,"Damn it.I am going to get myself killed on this mission.What have you
got planned for me?To go up against the entire Rebel Fleet alone?"

  Tenchi sat on the edge of his desk and looked up at his son and said,"No
son.It isn't you I am worried about.It is the rest of us.I need you to take
your task force and attack the Dais 3.Once you are onboard,I want you to
find out all you can on their planet bomb." You could have cut a stone in
half with the tension in Kinadas body.He knew about the Dais 3,and the
planet bombs. Both were responsible for the destruction of Earth.

   After that Kinada went to brief his team on their mission.Nearly five
hours from the moment she had picked him up from New Hope,she was watching
as he and his team streaked into space.At least when he got back,they could
actually get married and start their on family.That would make everything
worth all the pain over the past twelve years.No more hiding her
feelings.No more wondering if she would ever bare children. Just her and
Kinada at last.

                                 *  *  *  *

   Although Washu had designed the Black Hawk fighters for comfort,it was
still a strain to fly for more than a few hours in them without getting
cramps.Kinada kept trying to find a pose that would be more comfortable,but
wasn't having much luck at it.So far all he had done was manage to keep his
rear from getting numb.He loved the freedom of movement that the fighters
provided,but their was still something to be said for a cruiser that you
could stand up in from time to time.

    His trip to the Tel system was taking to long.If he had used his trans
warp drive,he and the others could have been there by now,but doing so
would give away the element of surprise by the large hole on the other
end.No it was far better to use the normal Ultra warp drive and take full
advantage of the fighters stealth abilities.Without the beacons online,no
one was able to pick them up on their sensors.

   When the blip he had been waiting on finally showed on his screen,he
issued a stealth level five order and had the team to break down into five
sets of pairs.Six minutes later and they were upto their armpits in
Predators.They were small fighters comparable to the Black Hawks, but
weren't nearly as stealthy or as agile.A sudden rush of light blasted past
him and he screamed at his AI,but Khan only said that nothing had been
close to them.

   He knew it hadn't been a Black Hawk,because their engines were tuned to
show up dark red to lower the possible of being tracked visually.Turning
his head as far as it would go left and right,he searched for the
boggy.Suddenly the 3201 was rocked by a blast from the aft section.He
screamed out over the com system,"I just took a hard hit to the ass...What
the hell is on my six?"

    His wing man shouted about a Pred that didn't show up on his
sensors,and then went silent as his fighter exploded.Gritting his
teeth,Kinada doubled back in a furious combination of a barrel roll and a
vertical 180,and buzzed by a Pred that was right aft and down from where he
had been.The pilot of the enemy fighter performed an identical stunt,and
followed him.

   He desided that who ever was back there was way to good to play with.He
had a job to do here.As much as he loved a good fight.He broke left and
took a sharp nose dive followed by banking right at top speed,causing the
3201's super structure to groan from the stress.A lesser pilot would have
fainted from the G forces the actions produced,but Kinada was trained to
take this type of torture.

    Six hundred kilometers from the Dais 3,he looked at his aft visual
display and saw that the pred was still on his tail.He twitched the yoke
abit when he saw the emblem on the nose of the other fighter.Something like
a red horseshoe.An old Greek letter from Earth. Omega.His tormentor was the
Red Omega.Word had it that this pilot was as good as he was.And so far
Kinada had to agree.

   He didn't bother cutting back on the throttle until he was within a few
hundred meters of the Dais 3's main cargo bay.Then he totally reversed his
engines and fired his forward quantum disruptor cannons.That made a nice
sized hole in the cargo bay door,that he flew through.He wasted no time
jumping out of his cock pit and running through the cargo bay to the doors
leading into the main gangway.

   The sound of the battle outside matched the noise of the battle being
fought inside.Two other teams were already aboard.As he passed a long set
of windows on the starboard side of the ship he froze as he watched a
Predator streaking toward him.It struck two or three decks below the one he
was standing on,pitching him off his feet,and slamming his helmeted face
against the deck.

   Staggering to his feet,he stumbled along the hallways looking for the
one that led to the main computer.He could feel the hot wet sensation on
the side of his head,letting him know that the ache in his head was
connected to the blood on his face.His head was hurting and swimming, but
all he had to do now was get his data pad to the computer.He could upload
everything he needed to know to the 3201's AI from the pad.

   The Dais 3 shook from several explosions in her belly,right before
Kinada was forced to grab a wall railing to keep from being sucked back
down the hall he had just came down.Then almost as if he were watching some
movie at home with Mayuka,he stared at a large piece of metal flying for
his face.'Okay,that's it.'he thought right before the object struck,sending
him soaring backwards.

    His vision was all ready getting blurry as he slammed into the
emergency doors that had started closing behind him.All he could see now
was a narrow hole directly in front of him now,as he was slammed to the
floor and started skidding forward into a bulkhead. He half laughed as he
hit it,hearing a loud snap.'I broke my damned neck...'He laughed until
darkness took him away.His last thoughts were,'Sorry Mayuka.I guess I
really screwed this one up.'Then nothing.

                                  *   *   *   *

    Yamika Sojin had never been one to give up on a fight,but watching the
Dais 3 plummet down toward Tel 5 was frightening.The great ship was thought
to be invincible, but here she was watching it crash after only three shots
from one of the remaining Black Hawks.Her brilliant blue eyes stared in awe
and horror as the big ship twisted in the middle and then broke in half
entering the planets atmosphere.

   She had hoped that the pilot of the 3201 would have survived so she
could finish her fight,but it looked like he was about to die.If he wasn't
all ready dead.It was a real pity to. He was the best pilot she had ever
faced.Maybe even as good as she was.All she could do now was wait for the
huge ship to crash then search for survivors.Not much fun for a 16 year old
girl.

                                  *   *   *   *

    A voice kept ringing in his ears,saying something about waking up
before he died.But he rolled over on his side to find a softer spot on the
bed,and wondering why Mayuka had let him go to sleep in his helmet and
flight suit.Again the booming voice rang out in his helmet."Kinada
Masaki,if you do not wake up this moment,you are going to die in the rubble
of this damned ship."

    Blinking his left eye,he discovered that his right eye wouldn't open.It
was swollen shut. He was startled to discover the right side of his helmet
was full of blood,and the face of his helmet itself was shattered,with
missing pieces of glass here and there.He rolled onto his back and said,"I
am totally screwed here Khan.How are you?"the gruff voice of his fighters
AI said,"I am far better off than you are.Ten more minutes and you would
have bleed to death.Now sit up and tend that head wound."

   Kinada screamed in pain as he sat up.His right shoulder was
dislocated,so he had to use his left hand to pull off his broken helmet.It
was a real pain in the ass trying to use his left hand to dig in the med
kit on his right thigh,but he managed to get the tissue regenerater out,and
use it to heal the long slash down the right side of his head.It wouldn't
be pretty, but at least he wouldn't bleed to death now.

   Digging through the med kit again he pulled out the hypo set,and groaned
as he looked at the one that contained the pain killer.It was
shattered.Stuffing the other  three into one of his left side pockets,he
stood up and gripped his right forearm with his left hand and stared at the
bulkhead ahead of him.'This is going to hurt...'he chuckled to himself as
he started running at the bulkhead.

    He slammed into it at full speed,causing a loud popping noise from the
shoulder,then he slumped to his knees and screamed.Reaching back in for one
of the hypos,he pulled out the red one,then injected himself with the bone
knitting compound.It would heal any cracked or broken bones he may have
missed.He was in way to much pain to tell what hurt and what didn't.

   Next he used the blue hypo.This one was an all purpose antibiotic.Last
he used the yellow hypo.It was the one that contained all the minerals and
proteins his body would need for the next few hours,as it healed
itself.With all this done he twisted around where he could lean against the
bulkhead and rest,then asked,"Khan what condition is the ship in?Can I rest
for a bit before moving on?"

    A second later Khan answered by saying,"Yes.You have about six hours
to rest before the night sets in here.I would advise we be gone before
then.This planet freezes solid at night and burns during the day.It is a
wonder that there is any oxygen in the atmosphere at all."Kinada leaned his
head back and said,"Good.Wake me in two hours.The main computer should be
on the other side of this doorway."Khan sounded almost pleased as he
said,"Very well."then let Kinada drift off to sleep."

    His dreams were all filled with images of friends and family dieing.He
knew that their deaths was his fault because he had failed to complete his
mission.He was awakened by a sharp blow to the side of his head.Opening his
eyes he discovered a pretty young girl, about 16,with long blue hair and
dark blue eyes staring down at him.He thought of reaching for his gun as he
noticed she was wearing a Rebel uniform.But it was the red omega on her
collar that stopped him.

    She snarled at him as she said,"I would have killed you if I hadn't
realized who you were.It would have been easy."She flopped into the deck
with a odd little smirk,and tossed him a pack of rations.She waved a hand
toward the ceiling while saying,"Imagine that.In the entire universe,who
should be the last two survivors of this battle,but the two greatest pilots
in the galaxy."

    Kinada had to snicker.She looked like she was ready to hit him again
before he said,"I get to live until I heal up,because you want to prove who
is the better fighter pilot."She planted both hands on her hips and
screamed,"I could still kill you now you know." In one smooth motion,he
leapt to his feet and planted his gun to the side of her head and said,"The
smart thing would have been for you to have killed me while I slept.Now it
is to late.Your brains will be scattered across the walls in a couple of
seconds.Any last thoughts?"

   She grinned at him and said,"Yes.Check your gun next time dumb ass."And
kick him square in the balls.By the time he opened his eyes again she was
on him,planting a foot to the side of his head.Stars danced on the edge of
his vision.She twisted around to kick him again and he caught her foot with
one hand and used the other to punch her between the eyes.She dropped to
the floor like a rag doll.

    Shaking off the remaining stars,he looked down at her sleeping
peacefully.Then quickly used a set of ties from a pouch on the back of his
waist and tied her up.Searching her for anything to free herself or injure
him took only a few minutes,then he tossed her over his left shoulder and
went to open the final door into the main computer.

   Once he was in the main computer,he found the data node he was looking
for and began uploading all the files with any mention of the planet bombs
into his fighters AI.He made sure to keep a eye on the girl,who he had laid
about three meters away.His aching nuts made damn sure he remembered
her.Once all the data was uploaded,he picked her back up and carried her
back to the main cargo bay.

   Inside he set her down long enough to clear the debris from around the
3201.Then opened the cockpit and rummaged through the cargo section until
he found the strait jacket Washu had included in the Black Hawks for taking
prisoners.Once he was sure it was snug on the girl,he tossed her into the
back seat of the fighter and strapped her down. Then made sure her legs
wouldn't move to far.

   After he was sure she wasn't going anywhere he raised his shields and
fired his main cannons,opening the way out of the ship.Once they had pasted
the scrap left over from the battle,he opened a communication channel back
to Jurai.Washu answered with a worried expression on her face.He said,"I
have everything on the Planet Bombs all the way back until a few months
before the Earth was destroyed."

    Washu gave him a week grin before she said,"Sorry sweet heart.But It
will do us no good now.The main Rebel Fleet attacked us a few hours ago.We
are trying to evacuate the planet,but I really don't see any way of getting
out of this alive."Kinada began punching in th commands to open a trans
warp conduit back to Jurai,but Washu looked over her shoulder and said,"To
late honey."then the monitor went all fuzzy.

   Khan began retrying the connection as fast as he could,but Kinada
finally told him," It won't do any good.Someone set off a planet bomb
Khan.Everyone is dead."The girl said in a shocked voice," But why?Why would
they destroy Jurai?Jurai was needed to take control of the Empire.You
know.He who holds Jurai,holds the empire,and what the hell is a planet
bomb?"

    Lost in thought,Kinada quietly said,"Show her the history of the Planet
Bombs Khan.I want her to know who and what she was fighting for."Khan spoke
softly saying,"Isn't that a bit morbid of you.Not to mention
vindictive."Kinada shouted,"Damn it Khan.Show her now before I turn you
off."

   Pulling his data pad from his left thigh pack,Kinada began running the
numbers on his plan,and searching through the data files on the Planet
bombs.By the time he had nearly finished the calculations for his plan,the
girl was crying and begging him to stop the data stream.'You will watch it
all you little shit.'he thought to himself as he started inputting the data
from the data pad into the fighters systems.

   When he had finished,he looked over his shoulder to the girl and
asked,"Now that you know everything,will you help me stop this mess before
it starts?"In a weak voice she whimpered,"Yes.Anything to stop that.All
those poor people.I have no trouble with a soldier being killed in
battle,but those were just innocent people.What did they do to deserve to
die?"then fell silent,except for her sobbing.

   Kinada wanted to break down into tears as well,but he knew that the
people he loved were still alive in the past,and if he worked things
right,they would never hear of the Rebellion or of planet bombs.As he
activated the temporal device,he said to her,"This is it.We either rewrite
history or we die trying."She said in a shaky voice,"Agreed.But I get to be
the one to kill Seriyou."

   Kinada nearly bit his tung as he said,"Seriyou,What does that fop have
to do with this?" She barked a weak laugh and said,"Who do you think was
behind the rebellion?" It all fell into place.The Emperors poisoning.The
beginning of a rebellion.The destruction of Earth and now Jurai.Seriyou.He
knew he was to weak to take Tenchi on head on.He would have had to resort
to these tactics.

   Climbing up and over his seat,Kinada released the girl and
said,"Okay.You kill the fop if you like,but if you can't do it,I will."She
gave him a big grin and said,"That works for me.But who are you?I mean,what
is your name?"He snorted and said,"You first.It's only fair since this is
my fighter."The girl said,"I am Yamika Sojin.And you?"As he pointed the
nose of the fighter into a portal opening in front of them,he said,"Kinada
Masaki." Yamaika shouted,"You mean to tell me you are the eldest son of the
Crown Prince of Jurai."then they entered the temporal gate way and were
gone.

                             *   *   *   *

                              Yet to come.
   Tenchi and the gang meet two Kinada and Yamika while attempting to save
Seriyous life.And while the others are away,why is Noboyuki wearing pink
panties on his head and singing show tunes?Find out in Part One : Family
Ties