New Partner!
Chapter Seven: When the Devil drives.

    The huge harvester known as the 'Road Hog' floated silently through the
clouds of space orchids, sucking up ton after ton of organic material.  The
bridge status lights all showed green, the ones that still worked.  Captain
Joan Stratford leaned back in her chair, working on her quilt, as the ship's
computers carried out most of the work.
    She worked slowly on the patch as the harvester filtered and processed
the orchids which were rich in protein.  Within a few weeks the tanks would
be finally full and the ship would return to the food factories that orbited
the few suns within the Lemon Nebula.  The clear areas around the young suns
were the only places where the huge robotic facilities could get the free
solar energy which allowed them to function without relaying on imported
energy sources.
    Right when she was about to finish the patch and start on another the
alarms at one of the unmanned stations started to beep.  Joan Stratford
looked up from her work.
    "God damn it," she demanded as she got up and walked over to the
station,
"what is it this time?  A backed up intake pipe?  A broken pump?  A power
overload?"
    The tiny viewing screen of the station showed multiple objects advancing
on the harvester from all directions.  The computer identified them as small
spaceships, the drive signatures and energy readings suggested fighters.
    "Pirates?" asked Joan the air, shocked.  "Pirates attacking a harvester?
Are they nuts?  Do they know what Lemon Food Services will do to them in
court?"
    The ship's equipment did not answer, waiting for input via the keyboards
of the stations.  Joan just stood there, knowing the harvester had no
defenses, not even flight.  It was just too big and too far away from a
Galaxy Police HQ to even hope to escape.
    As the fighters got close enough, the harvester's sensors were able to
make another sweep, getting a clearer picture of what the unknown space
craft
were.  A viewing station showed an outline of a Hive fighter, an arrowhead
shaped hull, with two huge engines and forward facing laser cannons.
    "Oh my God..."
    The station beeped again and reported that the fighters were hailing the
'Road Hog'.
    "On speaker now."
    The speaker seemed to explode with a robotic voice, no doubt a
translator
program working its best to turn the clicks and hisses of a Hive pilot into
a
Joan's native language.
    "Food harvester," demanded the speakers in a loud, if emotionless, "come
to a full halt.  You will be boarded by warriors.  You cannot escape, as we
know you have no weapons and a crew of only one or two.  I repeat, Food
harvester come to a full halt."
    Joan shook her head to clear it and continued to watch as a group of six
silver colored fighters spread out about her ship, laser cannons pointing at
her hull, allowing her computers to notice the targeting systems locking
onto
the harvester.  Other fighters seemed to be approaching in formations,
dozens
more, and behind them were larger ships her sensors could only detect by
their size.
    She swiftly typed in the proper commands, using smaller jet engines to
kill its motion and turning everything off but life support and a few minor
systems.  She then switched on the radio and said, "I give up."

    Galaxy Police Commissioner Alex sat in the rice paddy, his shorts muddy,
his shirt soaked.  His walking stick and white cap lay in the mud before
him.
 Half a mile away was his small office, with its radio equipment and its
small power plant, which was still smoking.  The small nearby town that was
the so-called capital of Beta Six was untouched.  The stone walls and wooden
roofs standing tall and proud.
    Next to him were two other officers, also sitting in the mud and looking
dazed.  Surrounding them were six Hive warriors, five armed with snub-nosed
assault rifles as the sixth was armed with a flame-thrower.  The wide muzzle
of the flame-thrower seemed to be pointed at the three Galaxy Police.  Alex
felt that the last warrior seemed older than the rest and might even be an
officer by its calm stance, while the others seemed to twitch a lot.
    'Of course,' admitted Alex to himself, 'they could just be reacting to
the hormones filling their systems.'
    Farther out, between the town and the jungle were two rusty looking
troop
transports unloading armored hover cars.  They won't prove useful in the
jungles, but not all of Beta Six was forest.  Much of it was marsh, rivers
and small lakes.  Hover craft like those spreading out around the landing
gear of the transports, the warriors in their open beds setting up the heavy
machine-guns and small rocket launchers on top of their sloped sides, would
be very effective in getting about.
    Another flight flew over the forest, six Hive fighters in an open
formation, very much like the fighters who had launched an aerial attack on
his office only about an hour ago.  Among the streets he could see the
natives being peacefully rounded up as Hive troops checked the city, house
by
house.
    High above, in the greenish sky, appeared a spinning purple hole and
more
spaceships appeared.  Saucer shaped troop transports, fighters, shuttles and
even a few cargo haulers.
    "They are not armed," said Alex out loud to the warriors standing about
him.  "Only the tribes, the hunters and gatherers, who live in the jungles
will be a problem."  Alex stopped, before he gave more information then he
should.  If some of the outlaws on the planet put up a fight, good for them.
    The one armed with the flame-thrower seemed to tilt its head, listening.
The others seemed to ignore his words.
    Alex sighed and wished he and his men had been armed with something more
powerful then laser pistols.  Whenever Beta Six had gotten into any real
trouble the local law enforcement just called the Galactic Union for help.
Alex doubted he would be able to get any help with the melted remains of the
subspace radio in his office.
    "It is amazing," said one of his pale subordinates, "that they were able
to hit us with JUST the right amount of force.  No tanks have landed and
there are no heavy bombers in the air."
    The other subordinate, a humanoid with long fur all over his body,
snorted and said, "With a local police force on the planet totaling only
about 200 officers, many employed from the Greens, they didn't need anything
else."
    Alex frowned as his mind suddenly had a thought.  He sat watching the
hover craft move over the paddies, their fans leaving behind muddy waves in
the water, and realized that both men were right.
    "They knew where our office was," he said, glaring at the warriors about
him, "they KNEW where the subspace radio was, where the best place to land
was.  They knew there was nothing deployed here that needed heavy weapons,
like tanks or bombardment from orbit."
    Alex was about to say more when another troop transport landed only a
half mile away, the landing gear sinking into the muck.  As the door opened,
he waited for the warriors to pour out but he was shocked to see what did
pour out.  Chirping, mewling baby Hive members being herded by pale, long
legged adult members of the Hive.  None were armed.

    The chamber of Jurai's Supreme Council, was a large circular room, with
layers of ascending work stations.  At each station was a member of the
Council, many of them either members of the royal family or very powerful
members of other lesser families.  In the center of the Council's chamber
stood Lady Funaho, both the Inspector General of Information AND the
Representative of the Supreme Council.
    She bowed to the members of the Council as the lights dimmed.
    "Greetings my fellow nobles.  I have come right from the King's chambers
with information which I believe it very important to this body."  Lady
Funaho used a control in her right hand to turn on the holographic
projectors
hidden within the ceiling.
    A model of Jurai appeared, a planet of blue and green, circled by two
rings of tube shaped stations.  Data flickered next to the organic stations,
showing which symbol was a robotic defense satellite, which was a traffic
control center and which was a customs office.  Beyond these two rings were
tiny crosses, showing the points used by civilian traffic in entering and
leaving normal space within the system.  Just outside the sphere of crosses
were Jurai warships, a mixture of the regular naval units and the units of
the Royal Body Guard.
    "There is the problem we face," remarked Funaho as she pressed a button
on her control.
    Red symbols appeared around the edge of the projection.  Clumps of enemy
ships, Hive dreadnoughts and heavy cruisers.  Many in the chamber gasped and
a few stood up, staring at the symbols.
    "As you can see," continued the Lady, "there are no military transport
ships.  Only capital ships waiting outside the range of our own weapons."
    "Lady Funaho," asked one of the men, standing up in his green and blue
robes, "why are they allowed to do this?  Why haven't our fleets chased them
out of the system?"
    "Good question my Lord Fiji," replied the Lady.
    She glanced about the chamber, meeting many of her fellow Council
members
in the eyes, giving each a nod.  Many of the men and women nodded back at
her
in support.  While the Lady Funaho was from Earth she had proven to the
Council, again and again, that within her calm, almost fragile looking body
was a strong and very sharp mind.
    "The answer is simple.  The Hive has launched a series of attacks
against
Galactic Union planets or allied planets.  They are also raiding many of
most
heavily used traffic lanes.  Most of the activity seems to focus on the
fringes of civilized space.  The Galaxy Police has stripped many of their
Headquarters to send help.  The King has released many of our own regular
naval units to help protect important planets and trade centers."
    Lady Funaho pointed with her left hand up at the glowing symbols above
her head, "those are all we have left.  IF we attack, we might be able to
beat back the ships we see, but the Hive MIGHT enter space using the nearby
jump points."
    The crosses flashed.
    "Right now our ships are in a perfect position to catch any enemy ships
in a crossfire with our battle station."
    The computers responded to the Lady's voice and showed enemy ships
appearing between the Jurai ships and the Jurai station.  Within seconds the
Hive ships were ripped apart with only a few Jurai ships or stations being
destroyed.
    "The same problem happens if we send more of our ships out to help."
    Once again the computers reacted.  Some of the Jurai ships disappeared
and the Jurai units clustered closer to the planet, leaving many of the
crosses outside the local defenses.  Hive ships started to appear at the
hyperspace jump points and this time the battle went very different.  As
many
Jurai ships were catch in a crossfire as the Hive ships.  Soon it looked
like
the Hive ships were pushing their way through the rings, many crippled by
the
attempt, but a few launched missiles at the planet.  Data showed that the
planet's cities could suffer large casualties, as little as 30% or as much
as
80%.
    "Thank you," said Lord Fiji as he sat down at his station, "I see the
problems that the King faces."
    "They are here to keep us from sending more help," explained Lady
Funaho,
"not to invade us.  They are a threat, to pin down our forces, and they are
doing a very good job at it."

    "But Marshal Anderson," begged Commander Oak as he leaned over his desk,
"you've left the Twentieth Headquarters stripped of all but two patrol
ships.
 You can't take my Missile Frigate Squadron also."
    "I am sorry Commander," said the blond image of the Marshal from the
screen that floated over the floor in the center of the office.  "But your
area has seen little or no action for over three weeks.  And even little
missile frigates COULD be useful in fighting the Hive's forces.  You ships
could prove very effective within the Lemon Nebula."
    "But sir," said Oak, as his green furry tails swung back and forth in
anger, "there are still pirates and outlaws who work within my area.  We
have
also lost contact with Beta Six."
    "I am truly sorry," said Anderson, "but you know as well as I do that
Beta Six and many of the planets in your area have NO formal trade
agreements
with the Union.  Only two are members of Galactic Union and we're only there
to protect Union citizens and sometimes to help the other planets with major
law enforcement problems.  The current crisis over rides all that. I am
sorry."
    "I understand," said the alien primate, as he sat down on the chair, his
feet grasping the table edge as he tried to control his temper.  The image
of
Anderson nodded, even as the picture collapsed and the subspace
communication
equipment shut off.
    Commander Oak pounded on his desk with his huge hands.  "Damn, damn,
damn!"

    Lord-Regent Lance stared down at the images.  Picture after picture,
taken by military cameramen, showed nothing but death.  Two of the Hive
colonies had been found and invaded by ground troops.  There HAD been
defenders, mostly warriors fighting to the death, defending some of the dead
cities.  The fighting had come down to troops fighting for the planets, inch
by inch, building by building.  Many of the images showed dead soldiers,
from
both sides, piled on top of each other.
    Lance felt sick.  His yellow robotic eyes seemed to ache as if he was
about to cry.  It was more likely that the nerves that attached his eyes to
the rest of his gray matter were starting to fail.
    "So," said the leader of the Haven High Command.  "We have become planet
killers again."
    "So, I don't think we could have realized the amount of damage our viral
weapon could have done," stated one of the junior officers, one of many who
stood within the viewing chamber.  All the most important of the Haven High
Command seemed to be present, making for a rainbow of uniforms.
    "What?" Lance glared at the officer.
    "And who should have realized it if not us?  We designed it you fool!"
    The officer bowed his head, as others in the room moved nervously.  The
Lord rarely yelled and for him to do so suggested he was under great
pressure.
    "I want a manned courier prepared," commanded the Lord as he wrapped the
white clothe about his head, covering his eyes from sight and from the sight
of the pictures that continued to scroll in the air before him.
    "Yes, sir," replied one of the Fleet Commanders.  "Where will it be
going?"
    "Jurai."

    The time ship appeared with a flash as it entered normal space, the
onboard computers trying released any extra energy, helping the ship to come
to a complete halt.
    Washu leaned against the control and sighed.  The sensors beeped
happily,
as they quickly recognized the local star the tiny vessel was now in orbit
around.  Ryoko and Ayeka both examined the read outs and even Sasami seemed
interested in what the sensors were saying.
    "Well," said Ayeka as she turned to face Ryoko, "we're back in the solar
system."
    "That's Saturn," said Tenchi as he glanced at the viewing screen, having
unbuckled his belt and leaning over the first row of seats.
    "Yes," remarked Washu as she sat up and turned on the radio, trying to
pick the correct channel.  "We need to talk to somebody first."
    Even before she could continue, a voice came out of the radio.  A
joyful,
fun filled voice.
    "Hey guys," said Mihoshi's happy chirp, "how was the camping trip?"
    "Listen Mihoshi, Kiyone," replied Washu, "Gamma Ten was a war zone.  The
Hive and the military of Haven are going all out and it's going to spread.
I
have information from a trusted source that Earth and other planets of the
Galactic Union are going to be a target.  You HAVE to go get reinforcements.
I will try to do what I can to defend the Earth, but we will need help."
    There was silence from the radio for a few moments.  Then Mihoshi's
voice
came back, pouring out of the speakers.
    "A war zone?  But I thought the Hive had barely gotten into space."
    Washu sighed and was about to reply when the patrol ship flashed by the
time craft, the massive engines of the booster unit almost blinding all in
the tiny ship.
    "I understand," stated Kiyone's voice.

    "Farmer," said Officer Kiyone from the pilot's chair, "course laid in?"
    "Yes," said Farmer.  "We will enter hyperspace within 2 minutes.  Once
we
hit faster-than-light we will be heading for Galaxy Police Seventh
Headquarters.  I have sent a warning via subspace, but I doubt we will get a
reply before arriving."
    Mihoshi picked herself up from the second chair, where she had been
thrown by Kiyone in her partner's haste to get to the ship's controls.  "Do
you think we can get them to believe us?"
    "They better," said Kiyone as she strapped herself in, "because I don't
think they have time to debate it."
    "We don't have any information besides Washu's word to back up the
claim," pointed out the ship's AI.
    "Then we go right to the Marshal, right Mihoshi?"
    "We're not going to name drop are we," asked Mihoshi as she finally
strapped herself into her chair, "I would hate to name drop."
    "Yes," stated Kiyone, "we are going to name drop.  Marshal Anderson,
King
of Jurai, Washu and even Prince Yosho if I have too."
    "Prince Yosho?"
    "Don't you read your own reports," complained the green haired officer.

    Washu and company watched as the Galaxy Police Patrol Ship entered the
twirling disk of hyperspace and disappeared.
    "We have work to do," stated Washu as she aimed the time ship towards
the
inner planets.
    "Hang on!" growled Ryoko.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters or settings are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.
 All the rest is my mess.
