Pioneer owns the copyrights to Tenchi Muyo and to all the 
characters there in.  I wish I owned them so I could be producing
more anime.  The prelude to this series includes explanations 
on the screen play annotations.  As with the OVA this series is rated 
PG13 due to depictions of nudity, violence, and sexual innuendo.

Prelude to the Tenchi Muyo series by Zervon at zervon@hotmail.com

This prelude is to help you understand some background material 
I used to write my stories.

I have tried to stay true to the OVA series.  I have stolen freely 
from both the Tenchi Universe and Tenchi in Tokyo where it fit in 
with my story.  I also included the KAIN movie and Yoshou's wife as 
mentioned in the third move.

1. A list of current and created characters.
2. My time line I base my stories on.
3. Clarifications.
4. Tenchi's senior year in school.
5. Jurai calendar.
6. Details on what motivates me with the current characters.
7. Details and descriptions of the created characters.
8. Notes on screen play annotations.


List of Current Characters:

Name			  Gender	Who's who			  Age

Tenchi Masaki	  Male	Main Character		  17
Masaki		  N/A		Tenchi's Earth Clan	  N/A
Ryoko Hakubi	  Female	Space Pirate 		  5000+
Ayeka Jurai		  Female	Crown Princess		  718
Sasami Jurai	  Female	Ayeka's Sister		  712
Mihoshi Kuramitsu	  Female	Galaxy Policewomen	  23
Kiyone Makibi	  Female	Mihoshi's Partner		  21
Washu Hakubi	  Female	Goddess, Scientist	  20,000+
Ryo-Ohki		  Female	Cabit, Ryoko's Starship	  2
Yoshou Jurai	  Male	Tenchi's Grandfather	  728
Katsuhito Masaki	  Male	Tenchi's Grandfather's Earth Name
Etsuki Masaki	  Female	Yoshou's wife		  Deceased
Nobuyuki Masaki	  Male	Tenchi's Father		  44
Achika Masaki	  Female	Tenchi's Mother		  Deceased
Azusa Jurai		  Male	Yoshou's Father, Emperor  1000+		
Funaho Jurai	  Female	Yoshou's Mother, Empress  750
Misaki Jurai	  Female	Ayeka's Mother, Empress	  1000+
Kamidake Fusechi	  Male	Ayeka's Guardian		  N/A
Azaka Fusechi	  Male	Ayeka's Guardian		  N/A
Yukinojo		  N/A		Mihoshi's Police Ship	  N/A
Yagami		  N/A		Kiyone's Police Ship	  N/A
Doctor Clay		  Male	Mad Scientist, Imprisoned 20,000+
ZERO			  Female	Ryoko's Emotions		  Assimilated
Tokimi		  Female	Goddess			  N/A
Tsunami		  Female	Goddess, Jurai Life Tree  N/A
KAIN			  Male	Tokimi's Creation		  Deceased
Kagato		  Male	Washu's Enemy		  Deceased
Kazuhiko Amagasaki  Male	Tenchi's Classmate	  17
Ryo-Oh		  N/A		Ayeka's Tree Ship		  1

List of Created Characters:

Name			  Gender	Who's who			  Age

Koikawa Mikiko	  Female	Misaki's Sister		  Deceased
Shihou Monban Jurai Male	Koikawa's Son		  727
Daijiro Saionji	  Male	Tenchi's Classmate	  17
Ryoe (Wake) Saionji Female	Tenchi's Classmate	  17
Yuriko Wakatsuki	  Male	Tenchi's Classmate	  17
Mr. Ikuko		  Male	Math Teacher		  48
Ms. Chisa		  Female	Literature Teacher	  28
Mr. Azaka		  Male	Science Teacher		  35
Ms. Makiko		  Female	Home Economics Teacher	  32
Ms. Kiyone		  Female	Girls Sports Coach	  25
Mr. Cuong		  Male	Government Teacher	  42
Mr. Hiroshigi	  Male	Business Teacher		  53
Ryo-Aikou		  N/A		Shihou's Tree Ship	  727
Toku Rikichi	  Male	Shihou's Aide		  122
Kurumi Samukawa	  Male	Police Detective		  18
Master		  Male	In Charge of Monastery	  818



Time Line

In the beginning there were three goddesses, the goddess of Truth, 
the goddess of Love, and the goddess of Justice.  They were one 
with the universe.

After a time the goddess of Truth became disillusioned.  Her godhead 
prevented her from seeing the impossible.  Without the impossible 
she could not fail.  Without failure she could not learn.  Her own 
godhead prevented her from learning the truth about Truth.  She 
asked her sisters to be made mortal so she could learn.  Her sister 
the goddess of Justice was quick to grant her request.  She stripped 
from the goddess of Truth her godhead.  The goddess of Truth was 
reborn in the mortal realm and took the name Washu.  She did not 
know her past but within her burned the desire to learn.  So Washu 
sets out on her quest to discover pure science.

The next goddess to be disillusioned was the goddess of Love.  What 
good was Love if not everyone experienced it?  She created the Life 
Tree and the Jurai people.  Thus binding her to an insignificant 
planet in the vast universe.  She became known as Tsunami.

The goddess of Justice gloated in her victory over her sisters.  
She now had sole rule over the universe.  Without Truth and Love 
there was no mercy, and without mercy she became blind to Justice.  
She became known as Tokimi.  And darkness settled over the universe.

Time passes.

It is 20,000 years ago.

Unfortunately for Washu, love, birth, betrayal, and despair is also 
a part of learning mortality.  After losing her son Washu abandons 
her adulthood for the safety of childhood.  She redoubles her 
efforts to know all there is to know about science.

Time passes.

It is 10,000 years ago.

The Life Trees of Tsunami have proliferated.  They evolve into Tree 
Ships that can span the stars at many times the speed of light.  
The Jurai spread across the galaxy colonizing many planets to 
include Earth.  The Life Trees could only grow and flourish on the 
home world of Jurai.  Even the Tree Ships had to return to Jurai 
periodically or they would die in the depths of space.  This limited 
Jurai exploration to 100,000 light years of the home world.

To Tokimi the Jurai is a plague encroaching on her domain.  She 
creates KAIN and tells him of the Power of Jurai.  Tokimi does not 
care if Tsunami is captured or destroyed.  What Tokimi could not 
foretell is the technological advances of the Galaxy Police, aided 
in part by Washu's research.  Tokimi also underestimated the Power 
of Jurai and the willingness of a people to sacrifice for their 
ideals.  Though it cost the Emperor's life, KAIN was captured.  
Failure was a bitter pill for Tokimi.

Time passes.

It is 5,000 years ago.

Washu makes great strides in her quest for pure science.  She 
discovers the MASS's and how they are the fundamental building 
blocks of everything.  She also discovers an artificial way to 
produce the Power of Jurai.  Tokimi, who always keeps an eye on 
the other two, sees that the current line of Washu's research could 
lead her to rediscover her godhead.  Tokimi finds one close to Washu 
in Kagato.  She whispers dreams of power in Kagato's ear and he 
betrays Washu.  Kagato steals her starship Soja, Ryoko, and Ryo-Ohki.  
While he locks Washu in a mirror universe.  With time on her hands 
Washu continues her research.  Kagato begins his rein of terror in 
the universe.  Washu sees through the eyes of Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki and 
learns more about two new lessons in mortality, sadness and pity.

Time passes.

It is 730 years ago.

Emperor Azusa was neither the greatest nor least of Jurai's Emperors.  
He was a foolish man.  His wife, Empress Funaho, was very pregnant.  
So he went looking for a second wife.  He had a brief liaison with 
Koikawa, Misaki's sister.  It was brief because when he saw Misaki 
he set about winning her hand in marriage. Koikawa, spurned by the 
Emperor, did not tell Azusa that she was pregnant.  She gave birth 
to her son, eight months after Funaho, in secret.  She named him 
Shihou and started plotting her revenge against the Royal Household.  
She hired a nursemaid and placed him in a militaristic monastery. 
Koikawa visited the boy on a few occasions checking on his progress.  
Only two in the monastery knew her true identity and they would never 
talk.

Time passes.

It is 700 years ago.

As the Jurai spread across the universe their blood weakens along 
with the Power of Jurai.  Tokimi feels the time is right to strike 
a blow against Tsunami.  Tokimi tells Kagato about the main Life 
Tree, Tsunami, and the power of Jurai.  She has Kagato attack Jurai 
in hopes capturing Tsunami or destroying her.  Koikawa is aboard her 
Tree Ship entering the Jurai system, after a five-year absence, when 
the attack came.  Her Tree Ship was utterly destroyed. Yoshou follows 
Ryoko to Earth.  Princess Sasami was also nearly killed in the 
attack.  She survived by assimilating Tsunami into herself.  Tsunami 
can now leave Jurai without risk to the Life Trees.  Tokimi does not 
know of Tsunami's new ability.  Again Tokimi tastes the bitter pill 
of failure.

Time passes.

It is 27 years ago.

Tokimi feels her creation KAIN both free and captured at the same 
time.  She senses his presence in the SOL system.  She also senses 
his destruction.  Tokimi focus her attention on the SOL system to 
discover what destroyed KAIN.

Time passes.

It is 1 year ago.

Tokimi has long forgotten about Kagato after his failure on Jurai.  
She does note his destruction and it could mean only one thing.  
Washu is free.  One of her agents, Doctor Clay, tracks down Washu 
in the SOL system.  He also fails Tokimi, but failure brought 
knowledge.  Tokimi knows of Tenchi in whose blood flows the Power 
of Jurai, not seen in a 10,000 years.  She knows of Washu, Ryoko, 
and the gems.  And she knows Tsunami is free of Jurai inside Sasami.  
Tokimi also knows her rein of power is in peril.  Any offspring 
between Tenchi and the other three women could bring disaster.

Time passes.

Present. (1996)

Tokimi believes that her worst fears are being realized.  The chance 
of Tenchi producing an offspring with any of the three women is too 
great.  She searches for another agent to stop this threat.  She 
finds Jurai's greatest blade master, Shihou.  His hobby was bounty 
hunting especially those wanted dead.  The monastery could teach 
him duty but not love.  Darkness hung over Shihou's heart, and 
darkness was Tokimi's realm.   She comes to Shihou in a dream, 
appearing as Koikawa, and whispers vengeance in his ear.


Clarifications

Rectifying KAIN's timeline.  In the movie it was said that KAIN was 
captured 100 years ago and the Jurai Emperor died doing it.  Since 
Emperor Azusa has been Emperor for over 700 years there appears to 
be a conflict.  This is not true.  Washu accessed the Galaxy Police 
computer system.  The Galaxy Police use the standard Galactic Year 
for all official reports (with the exception of Mihoshi's reports).  
A Galactic Year is the time it takes Galaxy Police Headquarters to 
revolve around the galactic core, or about 100 Jurai years.  A Jurai 
year is close enough to a Solar year as to make no difference.  
If Washu had accessed a Jurai computer she would have gotten the 
answer of 10,000 years ago.  As Washu continued her research on KAIN 
she found her own handiwork in his first capture.  This simplified 
Washu's efforts to capture KAIN a second time.

Everything you want to know about Mihoshi and Kiyone but were too 
wise to ask.  First we must understand Mihoshi.  She is the 
granddaughter of the Grand Marshall of the Galaxy Police.  He loves 
his granddaughter and would forgive her anything.  Mihoshi has the 
talent of accomplishing the mission but at a very high cost.  To 
balance costs Galaxy Police Headquarters (GPHQ) assigns Mihoshi far 
away from anything.  They quickly promoted her to Detective First 
Class, and then they tried to forget about her.  GPHQ assigned 
Kiyone (graduated number two in her class) as Mihoshi's watchdog.  
Kiyone is both stable and frugal.  When the going gets tough the 
GPHQ assigns Mihoshi to the case.  The case is always solved but 
the cost in material and damage balances the score.  Kiyone bears 
the brunt of this by, in her words, ending up in a dead end job.  
Mihoshi is beyond exhaustive in her reports.  All of Mihoshi's 
reports are branded COSMIC TOP SECRET.  Only five people have access 
to Mihoshi's reports in GPHQ.  Four are assigned to summarize 
Mihoshi's reports.  This is their only job and it keeps them very 
busy.  The fifth is the head of special operations for GPHQ.  
Outside GPHQ the Jurai ruling council also have access to Mihoshi's 
reports in summarized format.  Mihoshi's reports contain a mountain 
of minutia and a rare nugget vital to the continuation of the galaxy.

Kiyone is one to be pitied by some, or demonized by others.  One 
thing is Kiyone does her job.  No matter what Kiyone may say out 
loud, deep in her heart she loves Mihoshi.  Kiyone sees in her an 
innocence she can not find.  Kiyone did return to Earth to rescue 
her partner in the early spring of 1996 (after OVA 13 but before 
KAIN).  After KAIN one of Mihoshi's reports included a performance 
evaluation of Kiyone.  This evaluation of Kiyone made through the 
censors and into the hands of the Grand Marshall.  It turned out 
to be a wining situation for everyone.  Kiyone was promoted to 
assistant to the Grand Marshall for special investigations.  This 
gave Kiyone the job she always dreamed of and it gave the Grand 
Marshall friendly eyes in the special operative department.  Since 
the SOL system calls for only one resident officer GPHQ could leave 
Mihoshi there.  Mihoshi having no political agenda is happy with 
both her rank and assignment.  Unfortunately for Kiyone, Mihoshi need 
only say the word and Kiyone will once again be by her side.

I have based Tenchi education on the American standard for school.  
Since Tenchi was born in 1979 he would graduate high school in 1997.  
This works out well for me since Tenchi went back 26 years to 1970 
for the KAIN episode.  Tenchi would have been a junior during that 
time.  So between his sophomore and junior year (summer of 1995) he 
would have released Ryoko.  I based Ryoko's knowledge on being slave 
to Kagato for 5000 years plus the time with Washu before that.  
Something from two geniuses is bound to rub off on Ryoko.  I based 
Ayeka's knowledge on her being the Crown Princess of Jurai.  She 
would have had private tutors to help her prepare to be Empress of 
Jurai.  This would have been heavy in the studies of commerce, law, 
and government.

Class schedule

Period	Tenchi		Ryoko	and Ayeka

1st 		calculus			calculus
2nd 		calligraphy			contemporary literature
3rd 		advanced physics		advanced physics
4th 		kendo				home and family development 
(freshman course)
5th 		poetry			team sports (field hockey, 
volleyball, basketball,	softball)
6th 		government			government
7th 		business applications	business applications

Tenchi is a good student and does well in all of his classes except 
poetry.  He only took poetry to impress the girls.

Ryoko is a genius at calculus and advanced physics (PHD Level), and 
very good at team sports.  She is good at business applications and 
average in government.  She is in over her head with contemporary 
literature and just gets by in home and family development.

Ayeka is a genius at government and business applications (PHD Level), 
and very good at team sports.  She is good at calculus and average in 
advanced physics.  She to is in over her head with contemporary 
literature and holds her own in home and family development.

Whenever possible Ayeka and Ryoko choose opposite sides in team 
sports practice.  They do manage to keep their rivalry at a friendly 
level.

Jurai Calendar

The Jurai calendar is 366 days.  There are 12 months of 30 days each 
plus a three-day summer solstice and a three-day winter solstice.  
Each month begins with a First Day and ends with a Last day leaving 
four seven-day workweeks in the month.  This gives a total of 30 
holidays in the year.  The summer solstice is actually five days long 
when you include the Last Day and First Day.  Day one is for 
traveling, Day two for set up, Day three for celebration, Day four 
for recovery, and Day five to return.  The winter solstice on the 
other hand is a time of reflection.  It is a combination of the 
United States Memorial Day and Veterans Day.  There is little travel 
and time is spent with close family members.  


The Main Characters: (What I think about them and what motivated my 
writing).

TENCHI MASAKI
Tenchi is the focus of the series.  There is a charisma about him that 
attracts women like bees to honey.  Tenchi is a pacifist at heart.  He 
learns how to use his sword but does so reluctantly.  Tenchi tries to 
ensure everyone wins every time.  It is very difficult for him to 
choose only one of the girls because he does love them all in 
different ways.  I used these traits to force Tenchi into a corner.  
Between Ayeka and Ryoko teaming up and the Jurai marriage laws Tenchi 
was trapped.  Tenchi remains the levelheaded one of the group.

RYOKO HAKUBI
Ryoko is self confident, cocky, selfish, possessive, quick to speak, 
and will use violence without thought.  Definitely a tough women to 
live with.  Her powers and the willingness to act quickly are her best 
traits.  Ryoko could eliminate Ayeka at anytime, but she has accepted 
her instead because she knows that Tenchi loves Ayeka as much as he 
loves her.  She also knows it is two different kinds of love for two 
very different reasons.  I used Ryoko's self confidence to allow Ayeka 
a lot of leeway. 

AYEKA JURAI
Ayeka is so insecure that she can not express her feelings with any 
meaning.  She is quick tempered and feels everyone is out to get her 
or at least make fun of her.  She does have the ability to make sound 
judgement, as long as it isn't about her personal life.  It was Ayeka 
that approached Ryoko to compromise on getting Tenchi. Ayeka sees the 
world in black and white, which lets her give sound, though not 
always good, advice to Tenchi.  She has many other talents that she 
keeps hidden because she fears rejection.  Her knowledge of business 
and her ability to play the Kato are some examples.  

SASAMI JURAI
It is hard to write for Sasami.  She is a little girl over 700 years 
old.  She has some of Tsunami's wisdom inside of her.  I have made 
Sasami a mix of little girl and wise old lady.  She is truly 
unselfish.  She will do anything for anyone without question.  She 
still has a playful side, which shows up at the oddest moments.  From 
the outside you would think that Ryo-Ohki belonged to Sasami instead 
of Ryoko.  It is Sasami's ability to enter the dream world and spy on 
Tokimi that makes her an important part of the team.  A good question 
is how long will Sasami look like a little sister to Tenchi, and how 
long before Sasami decides she wants to be more than a little sister 
to Tenchi.

WASHU HAKUBI
Little Washu (I don't want to be zapped) is the glue that holds the 
group together.  It is hard to determine just what Washu's objectives 
are.  She studies Tenchi endlessly.  Then again she looks at the whole 
group as a pack of guinea pigs.  It is important to note there is one 
person that Washu has no data on.  Every time she tries to get data 
on Mihoshi something goes wrong with her machinery.  One thing about
Washu's life is 20,000 years ago.  You would think she could have put 
her lost husband and child behind her by now, but she can't let go.  
This motivates Washu in a lot of things she does to include a budding 
romance with Grandfather.

RYO-OHKI
Ryo-Ohki has a great deal of empathy with the entire cast.  She can 
be a lot of things for a lot of people.  From her Cabit form to her 
girl form to her spaceship form Ryo-Ohki will be there for you.  Not 
bad for someone without any speaking parts.  Mostly Ryo-Ohki is 
background material. She is often seen without any real impact on the 
scene.  Still just having her around brings comfort to everyone.

MIHOSHI KURAMITSU
Mihoshi is a very rare individual.  She has the ability to make 
things seem work out right in her own mind.  This is not always what 
is best for those around her.  Mihoshi's greatest trait is her 
undivided loyalty.  She is currently loyal to Tenchi above all else.  
This loyalty is challenged when Kiyone is present.  If there was ever 
conflicting objectives between Kiyone and Tenchi it would put Mihoshi 
in a very difficult situation.  When Mihoshi went through the police 
academy she was what they called "and now the rest of the graduating 
class".  She was quickly promoted to Detective First Class and 
pigeonholed away to nowhere.  Mihoshi has no problem with this 
because she is happy where she is.  As long as she can stay with 
Tenchi she have no problems with Galaxy Police Headquarters.  Mihoshi 
is (surprisingly) a very good detective.  Sometimes under stress a 
side of her shows that sounds very mature and confident.  Mihoshi 
believes that side of her is the act, and her natural air headed way 
is the real her.  

YUKINOJO
Mihoshi's Galaxy Police Ship.  Could this be someone that truly 
understands Mihoshi?  Yukinojo helps to counter some of Mihoshi's 
wildest ideas but seldom will he directly interfere with her.  
Mihoshi's overall success is not something you can ignore.

KIYONE MAKIBI
Kiyone is a difficult person to be with.  She is a perfectionist.  
If she had been number one in her class she would have had assignment 
of choice.  As number two, a failure in her eyes, she got Mihoshi.  
Of course Mihoshi is the best thing for Kiyone's career.  Mihoshi's 
thoroughness of reports has gotten Kiyone noticed by many in the top 
political circles.  Kiyone can't get it out of her mind that Mihoshi 
is responsible for her promotions.  Kiyone feels she can do it on 
her own, and the truth is that she did.  I hope I softened how others 
look at Kiyone and show how much she truly loves Mihoshi.  I decided 
not to go any further with Kiyone and Mihoshi's relationship other 
than they are close and dear friends.

YAGAMI
Kiyone's Galaxy Police Ship.  Yagami is quite a bit different from 
Yukinojo.  Of course Yagami reflects the personality of Kiyone.  
Still Yagami is an efficient police ship.

AZUSA JURAI
About as pig headed as they come.  Will not listen to good advice 
even if it was what he wanted to do.  Need I say anymore about the 
man?  Now is a good time to discuss how succession works on Jurai.  
When the person on the throne wants to retire they offer the crown 
in public to their chosen successor.  For the successor to accept 
the job they take the crown and turn their back on the current ruler, 
and then they place the crown on their head.  If the successor does 
not want the job they return the crown to the current ruler's head.  
This will help explain Azusa, Ayeka, and Sasami's actions.

FUNAHO JURAI
Not bad for an Earth women.  She is the true ruling force in Jurai.  
Unfortunately she has to be careful in advising Azusa or he will do 
the opposite of what she wants.  Funaho cares deeply about the 
entire Masaki clan.  

MISAKI JURAI
A card short of a full deck?  A brick short of a full load?  The 
truth is she is just too happy a person to worry about such things.  
Looking at Ayeka you would never guess she was Misaki's daughter.  
Still Misaki can do something the rest can not.  She can generate 
five blades of the Light Hawk Wings.  That reason alone tells you 
she is not someone you want to mess with.  Together with Funaho she 
makes a formable opponent.  

AZAKA and KAMIDAKE FUSECHI
These two returned to Jurai after the KAIN incident having returned 
to their true form.  Although they are supposed to be guardians of 
the Royal family they are really just a couple of boys out to have 
some fun.

KAZUHIKO AMAGASAKI
Tenchi's best friend since both of them started school.  Before Ryoko 
moved Tenchi's house, Tenchi and Kazuhiko would often be together.  
Even after the move to the country Kazuhiko and Tenchi would share 
their school days together.  Kazuhiko's understanding of the Art of 
War will be of great help to Tenchi in the future.

GRANDFATHER (KATSUHITO MASAKI) (YOSHOU JURAI)
Grandfather has a past he would as soon forget.  If we examine it 
we would find that he, Azusa, and Shihou have a lot in common.  It 
was one of the reasons he did not return to Jurai when he found 
himself incapable of killing Ryoko.  Time on Earth along with his 
wife and daughter has greatly changed Yoshou's outlook on life.  
Yoshou will always carry the burden of what he did to Ayeka.  And 
only time will tell how he reacts to Washu's advances.

FATHER (NOBUYUKI MASAKI)
Father is an enigma.  He is sometimes the dirty old man.  Other 
times he is the caring gentleman that Achika saw.  He is the only 
one that works for a living and supports the whole group.  All the 
girls like to tease and flirt with him because they know he knows it 
is nothing serious.  Just wait until Tenchi gets home and finds the 
new house his dad designed and built for him.

TSUNAMI
She is a goddess, what more can I say.  She knows the truth about 
Washu, but is bound to not tell her.  She helps indirectly by using 
Sasami's dreams.  The fact that Tsunami can leave Jurai as a part of 
Sasami is her most dangerous weapon.  

TOKIMI
Yet another goddess.  She has free rein over the universe since Washu 
and Tsunami have stepped out of her way.  Only Tokimi is obsessed 
over Tenchi.  None of the goddess are omnipotent or omniscient.  If 
they were it would be a short show.  Tokimi is looking for a universal 
truth.  She believes Tenchi holds the answer she seeks and is testing 
him to find out.  Tokimi has no feelings of love or hate, or right 
and wrong.  Therefore she is unaffected by the trials and troubles of 
those she manipulates.

The characters I created: (Descriptions and traits).

DAIJIRO SAIONJI
Male, 17 years old, 5' 11" tall, about 170 pounds.  He has black hair 
worn loose about and hangs to just below the shoulders.  His eyes are 
brown.  He is athletic.  Daijiro secretly married Ryoe in the early 
summer of 1996 before their senior year.  He is an above average 
student and has been accepted to Tokyo University.  Daijiro is a 
science fiction fan and watches all the TV shows about space 
adventures.  He has a good idea of what his future held for him until 
he visited the Masaki household.  He is very loyal to Ryoe and will 
defer to her decisions.  He does have a good martial arts background, 
but no military training.

RYOE SAIONJI (WAKE)
Female, 17 years old, 5' 5" tall, about 95 pounds.  She has light 
brown hair normally worn in a braid that starts high on her head and 
reaches nearly to her waist.  Her eyes are a light green (hazel) 
color.  She is athletic.  Ryoe secretly married Daijiro in the 
summer of 1996 before their senior year.  She is an average student 
and has no plans for college.  She wishes to stay at home and take 
care of the children and the household.  She is loyal to Daijiro, but 
she knows he will go where she leads.  She likes adventure and will 
do some crazy stunts just for the thrill.  She is very outgoing and 
friendly to anyone she meets unless they prove unworthy of her 
friendship.  

YURIKO WAKATSUKI
Male, 17 years old, 5'10" tall, about 150 pounds.  He has dark brown 
hair cut short.  His eyes are a dark gray.  He is athletic.  Yuriko's 
father is very wealthy.  His father shows his love by throwing money 
at Yuriko.  Yuriko has all the newest toys and gadgets and drives a 
fancy car.  He pays off his friends (henchmen) to keep them loyal.  
Yuriko believes he is royalty and feels he should be treated as such.  
He and Tenchi have never got along.

MR. IKUKO
Male, 48 years old, 5' 8" tall, about 180 pounds.  He has thin black 
hair cut short.  His eyes are brown.  He is over weight.  Mr. Ikuko 
is the schools math teacher and teaches all grades.  He is highly 
impressed by Ryoko's performance.

MS. CHISA
Female, 28 years old, 5' 7" tall, about 120 pounds.  She has long 
reddish black hair worn loose.  Her eyes are a pale blue.  Ms. Chisa 
is the schools literature teacher.  She feels that true literature is 
written in book format and dislikes comics, cartoons, and all 
television shows.  Neither Ayeka nor Ryoko care for her.

MR. AZAKA
Male, 35 years old, 5'11" tall, about 170 pounds.  He has long black 
hair worn loose and gathered at the bottom (like Grandfather).  His 
eyes are a steel blue.  Mr. Azaka is the schools science teacher.  He 
is working on his PHD on space and aeronautics.  He is using Ryoko to 
help him with his research and will give her anything for her 
assistance.  Even let her in the teacher's lounge.

MS. MAKIKO
Female, 32 years old, 4'10" tall, about 80 pounds.  Her hair is a dark 
blond worn short.  Her eyes are a clear blue.  Ms. Makiko is teaches 
home economics.  She is an excellent cook and very well organized.  
Ayeka gets a lot out of the class.  Ryoko learns a little about 
organization but still can't grasp cooking.

MS. KIYONE
Female, 25 years old, 5' 11" tall, about 150 pounds.  She is very 
athletic.  Her hair is black and kept about shoulder length.  Her 
eyes are a dark brown.  She is the coach for all the girl teams and 
teaches gym class.  The school won all of its championships this year 
thanks in part to Ayeka and Ryoko.

MR. CUONG
Male, 42 years old, 5' 9" tall, about 160 pounds.  He is bald.  His 
eyes are brown.  Mr. Cuong teaches government.  He was once in the 
Lower House.  Mr. Cuong has a very laid back personality.

MR. HIROSHIGI
Male, 53 years old, 5" 8" tall, about 200 pounds.  He has short mousy 
brown hair.  His eyes are a light brown.  He teaches business and 
economics at school.  Mr. Hiroshigi is overweight and short-tempered.  
Ayeka can play him for a big teddy bear.  

KOIKAWA MIKIKO
She looks like Misaki's twin except her hair is auburn in color.  She 
does not have the Power of Jurai markings.  Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki killed 
her when Koikawa's ship entered the Jurai system during Kagato's 
attack.  She resented her sister from the day Azusa proposed to 
Misaki.  She hated both of Misaki's children.  Misaki always loved 
her sister and never understood why she rejected her children.

SHIHOU JURAI (MONBAN)
Male, 8 months younger than Yoshou (looks 25), 5' 11" tall, about 170 
pounds.  He wears his blue black hair long in the warrior's style.  
His eyes are gray.  Shihou is famous throughout Jurai because of his 
swordsmanship.  He has always been a loner and loyal to his monastery.  
Shihou earned his money as a bounty hunter.  He gave most of his 
wealth back to the monastery and led a simple life.  

TOKU RIKICHI
Male, 124 years old (looks about 20), 5' 11" tall, about 150 pounds.  
He wears his blue gray hair long in the warrior's style.  His eyes 
are golden yellow.  Toku was a teacher at the monastery, and has 
chosen to follow Shihou.

MASTER
Male, 812 years old (looks about 60), 5' 8" tall, about 160 pounds.  
He is bald.  His eyes are a pale tan color.  The Master has been in 
charge of the monastery for about 450 years.  He was there when 
Koikawa first brought Shihou.  He was sworn to secrecy about the true 
identity of Koikawa, Shihou, and Shihou's father.  He raised Shihou 
as his own son.

STUDENTS
All the students are male from 5 to 18 years of age.  They have a 
wide variety of skin, hair, and eye color.  All of them are 
athletically built.

MONASTERY TEACHERS
All the teachers are male from 25 to 250 years of age.  They have a 
wide variety of skin, hair, and eye color.  All of them are 
athletically built.

SHIHOU'S SOLDIERS
All the soldiers are male from 18 to 100 years old.  They all come 
from the monastery and are completely loyal to Shihou.

KURUMI SAMUKAWA
Male, 18 years old, 5' 11" tall, about 165 pounds.  He has short light 
brown hair.  His eyes are green.  He is fresh from the academy and 
holds the rank of detective basic.  Tends to talk too much.


Screen play annotations:

INT.	An interior shot (i.e. inside a house or starship)
EXT.	An exterior shot (i.e. outside or in space)
O.C.	Off Camera (the character is not visible while speaking)

All speaking parts are headed by the speaker's name in CAPS.

 

