Disclaimer: I have nothing to do with Tenchi Muyo! or the series. I am
writing this story because I thought the certain role I play in a chat
room would fit in the series *bad reason huh?*. I do not own pioneer (or
I’d get someone to write it for me) or any of the characters, except me.
Please Note: I know my character's name is not Japanese...unlike
EVERYONE else's, but you know, everyone ISN'T From Japan. Disregarding
my last statement, enjoy my first attempt at a fan fic.
By the way, I wrote this in less than two hours so don't really expect
much. I’ll get to the REAL fighting next chapter. Heh heh

                     The new Warrior (so what if it is corny!)

        In the distance of space, the area known to be the “Milky way”
galaxy,
a space battle is going on right now. It is not a massive battle of
large fleets, but of a few Jurain battle ships and an unknown foe. No
one could hear the battle going on, you probably wouldn't notice the
battle itself if you passed it by, except for the one ship that is
fighting the Jurains. The ship itself is quite different from the Jurain
wooden battle ships. The ship itself resembles that of the Soja, except
for the difference that it is much more massive and it seems to be made
out of gold. Even though it has not begun to start its attack yet, the
Jurains still classify it as an enemy vessel. As a Jurain destroyer
turns to begin another attack run a communication can be heard from the
unknown ship. “You will surrender now, this battle does not need to be
fought, I am only looking for one person in this galaxy suitable enough
to feel the destructive might that is me and this ship.” The flagship of
this certain Jurain contingent sends a communication to the rest of the
ships in the area, “This is your captain speaking, fire all of the
Jurain beam cannons at the ships engines so we can capture and
interrogate him.” Another ship creates a vid-link to the flagship.
“Captain, are you sure we should use the Jurain Cannon?  It is pretty
unstable and that ship hasn't even fought back yet. How do we know it is
an enemy?” “Are you disobeying your captain's orders? You could be
court-martialed for that act. Now, DO AS I SAY.” “Yes captain!” The
officer salutes the captain and the vid-link disappears. The ships all
stop there movement and turn the noses of their ships towards the enemy.
Once again the commander of the ship sends out his warning. “Surrender
now, you are not worthy to be my opponent.” The captain laughs as a beam
cannon drops out of the lower part of the Jurain ships. The Golden
ship's commander presses a button on the console next to him. About 150
energy turrets appear on the right side of the ship, much like a Jurain
vessel's would. The captain stares in horror at the enemy through the
vid-link to the outside (like in star trek). A vid-link appears to the
enemy ship and the captain of the Jurain vessels can be seen. He tries
to look at the commander of the enemy ships face but he is looking down
with his long Blonde-brown hair covering it. The Captain waits for a
while for the commander to look up and then speaks, “We of the Jurain
Navy surrender to you, but we would like a name for our report.” The
Commander looks up slightly, revealing Pure-white eyes with no signs of
an iris or pupils at all. The commander smirks at the Captain and speaks
in a low tone. “I have a name, but you can not know it, if you must have
a name for your “report” tell them this, my name, the only name I will
only  be known as the destroyer of the oppressor. I am the enemy of all
who oppose me and the soon to be killer of a certain individual.” The
captain's expression is that of a confused one. “Who are you searching
for, we Jurains might be of some help.” the commander's eyes start to
fill with what seems like blood as he reaches his hand to the console
next to him. “I don't need the help of a weakling like you!” He presses
a button and the energy turrets fire out at the captain's ship and the
supporting vessels, annihilating all of them except for two, one of
which is missing about half of its exterior hull, and the other one
emanating an orange color. The commander smirks as the orange ship
explodes and then sends a vid-link to the near-dead ship. “Go to Jurai
and tell them to send my way whatever they can, because it will not
matter. Tell them to thank me for I am going to kill a long-time enemy
of theirs.” The Jurain vessels captain looks horrified at the person on
the opposing ship as he speaks, “And who would that be.” The commander
smirks once more and looks up a little, his eyes becoming pure white
again and revealing a little more of his face. “That, would be Ryoko the
space pirate.”

So, this is my first attempt at a fan-fic. I know it is probably boring
but it will pick up *I hope* a little when this person actually finds
Ryoko. I know I said this person has a weird name but for the
shrouded-mystery purpose of this fan-fic I didn't think I needed to say
it here. Please, keep the trash-talking e-mail to a minimum, it IS a
work in progress. Defcon_00@hotmail.com This is the unknown warrior
signing out. *Yeah yeah, so what if it sounds so sci-fi. Geese, give me
a break* (p.s. if u didn't guess what his name will be by now...pay a
little more attention peeps)

__________________Following not 2 be included in the fan-fic, just 4 you
2 know how 2 categorize it and such, since i read it on your web site
and *hits himself* ok sorry ill get 2 it.