New Partner!
Chapter Four: Home Sweet Home.
Division: Reg(OVA)

    Kiyone and Mihoshi listened to the classical music as they both sipped a
fruity red wine and enjoyed their stuffed shells with toasted garlic bread.
    "Oh, this is great Kiyone," said Mihoshi as she had another sip of wine.
"You must've learned a lot more about cooking during kitchen patrol than I
ever did."
    "Well, I try my best," said Kiyone with a smile.  "It helps that Farmer
stocked the ship's galley with such an excellent choice of ingredients."
    "Why thank you," stated Farmer's voice. "It was easy once we docked with
the rendezvous vessel.  I figured if we're going to be here for a while
during the repairs I might as well replenish our supplies with the good
stuff."
    The cabin, that was situated right behind the ship's cockpit, had a warm
feeling to it.  It had started out kind of empty, as Officer Kiyone had very
little in the way of personal items, with only a bunk and a chest.  When
Mihoshi had moved in, the cabin had become a forest of color and sound.  Now
they had two twin beds, a small table, a work desk, three bookcases, dolls,
pictures on the wall, a CD player, a TV and a pile of lingerie.  She had
even
brought some of her Mickey Mouse dishes along.
    "Could you past the cheese?" asked Mihoshi with a full mouth of paste.
    "Here you go," answered Kiyone giving her partner the small dish,
holding
it by the mouse ears.
    "Do you think Tenchi and the gang are OK out there camping all by
themselves?" remarked Mihoshi as she spooned some cheese onto her third
helping of stuffed shells.  She had found out all about the camping trip
from
Nobuyuki after calling the Masaki household by tapping into the Earth's
phone
system from space.
    "Sure," said Kiyone, "think about it.  The Gamma system has been one of
the greatest of all mysteries within our history.  A habitable planet where
five different races have tried to colonize and all failed.  There are ruins
that show the planet HAD a great civilization over five millions years ago,
a
civilization that ruled the whole northern spiral arm of the Milkyway
galaxy.
 What happened to them and why can't anybody else live on their planet?"
    "That sounds very dangerous!" remarked Mihoshi in horror.
    "No, no," said Kiyone. "they're not going there to start a colony.
They're there to have fun and explore.  A few days and they come back and
nobody's hurt.  Pass the sauce, it goes great with this bread."
    Mihoshi pasted the bowl to Kiyone and said, "Well, I guess that's OK
than."
    "Sure it is," added Kiyone with a cheerful smile.
    "I bet they're having the time of their lives," commented Farmer.

    "I just saw a pair of huge glowing eyes!" screamed Ayeka as she moved
closer to the campfire.
    "Don't be silly," remarked Washu as she stepped into the circle of
light,
having come from the downed time ship, "there are no large animals on this
planet besides us and the Hive.  In fact if you listen really heard, you'll
notice something you should have before sunset."
    Ryoko frowned and tilted her head while Ayeka put another log onto the
roaring flames.
    "I don't hear anything," stated the yellow eyed woman.
    "Bingo," said Washu.  "As far as I can tell, there is nothing but bugs
and trees on this world."
    "The Hive are more than just bugs," replied Ryoko.
    "Yes," said Washu as she adjusted the backpack she was carrying on her
back, "well, I didn't really know they would be hanging about this part of
the galaxy.  Fact is, I didn't even think they had space ships yet.  They
don't count anyway, they're not from this planet."
    "But how about that?" said Ayeka as she pointed into the darkness,
towards the ruined dome.  From the air the building would have been
invisible, as the jungle had covered it with vines and moss.  Only from the
ground could it be seen.
    "Well, that is interesting," Washu remarked as she sat down on a log and
dumped three hand size containers onto the ground from the pack.  The
redhead
pulled another item out of the backpack and started to search the
surrounding
forest with the tiny, but powerful, medical scanner.  "All trees and insect
life right now."
    "Why don't we check it out now?" demanded Ryoko, too hyper to even feel
like staying still much less sleeping. "I mean, why not explore it and maybe
even use it for a place to sleep in instead of out here?"
    "Because it is dark now," stated Washu as she examined one of the
containers, "and Tenchi, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki need a full night's sleep.
Also
it's giving off a very strong energy reading."
    "Bad energy?" asked Ryoko as she glanced at the dome's dark outline
against the star filled sky.
    "Well, that's the problem," remarked Washu.  "The reading seems to
change
depending on how close I get to the dome.  I noticed that when I was
exploring the area about the ship earlier.  I'm not sure of the nature of
the
power source, but sometimes it seems to be from an organic source."
    "The building is alive?" stated Ayeka, staring at the subject in
question.
    "In a way," said Washu, "like a reef, parts of it are dead and other
parts still seem to be active."
    "What are those," asked Ayeka as she peeked over the fire at the cans at
Washu's feet, "food rations of some kind?"
    "Yes," said Washu as she tossed one to Ryoko, who snatched it right out
of the air without a thought.
    As Washu handed the princess a container Ryoko looked at the label and
laughed.
    "What's so funny?" said the princess as she peered at her own ration.
    "Listen to this.  Space Chicken Parmesan, one serving.  Produced and
packaged by the Lemon Nebula Food Services.  Just open the Self-Heating
Container and enjoy."  Ryoko chuckled as she ripped off the top.  The
chicken
parmesan was cooked through and through even before the top folded up to
become a spoon.
    Washu smiled, "Yes, well I was able to find some real food for Tenchi,
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.  But I fear we'll have to do with these."
    "Why is it green?" asked Ayeka as she watched Ryoko hold up a large
spoon
full of green sludge.  The princess stared down at her container and
frowned.
    "Preserves.  I think," said Washu as she opened her container.  "Oh,
lucky me.  Space White Chunk Tuna Salad with Mayonnaise."
    "Why is THAT green also?" inquired Ayeka.
    Ryoko was trying to shallow and was having a hard time overloading her
gag reflex.  "My God," said the blue haired demon, "how old are these
rations?"
    "Well, according to this date," said Washu as she shoveled up a spoon
full of tuna from the warm container, "these stuff is older than me."
    "I'm not hungry," whimpered Ayeka as she dropped the silver container
onto the ground and glanced about, watching the shadows of the night twitch
and bleed about the fire.
    "Come on, you have to eat something," said Ryoko as she forced another
spoon of chicken into her mouth.
    "Yes, you do have to eat something," agreed Washu as she forced herself
to chew the very sandy tuna salad.
    "I will try," stated Ayeka, bravely picking up the discarded container
and opening it with a swift jerk.  The scent of Space Meat Lasagna filled
the
clearing.  "Oh, it's green too!"
    Ryoko let off a belch and was civilized enough to blush. "Excuse me."
    "I'm really thinking about legal action against this guys," commented
Washu as she stared down at the can full of steaming green sludge.
    "What did you feed the others?" demanded Ayeka as she fought with the
green sludge, trying to get some onto the spoon.
    "I found a couple cups of pot-of-noodles and a bag of baby carrots,"
said
the scientist as she tossed the rest of her ration into the fire.  A
fireball
the size of a small BMW rose up into the air with a flash, making it as
bright as day for one brief blinding moment.
    "I'm done," said Ryoko, carefully placing her container of chicken to
one
side.
    Washu tossed Ryoko the canteen of water.  "You better have some.  To get
the taste of the meal out of your mouth."   "Well," said Ayeka with a shrug,
"I bet Kiyone has Mihoshi eating police food that's even worse than this
stuff."

    Tenchi and Princess Sasami enjoyed their noodles under the red emergency
lights.  Ryo-Ohki happily chewed on her baby carrots, sitting next to the
humming air conditioning unit.
    Most of the viewing screens had been turned off, but some of the lesser
ones were still on, showing the energy cells as they slowly crept up to full
power.  Silently and unseen to them, but still also online, were the ship's
sensors which were taking in depth readings of the dome that Washu had found
so interesting after the crash.  The ship was checking out organic patterns,
astral patterns and even simple genetic patterns.
    "Do you think we'll be going back home soon?" asked Sasami as she
stirred
the noodles with her spoon.
    "Well," replied Tenchi, "tomorrow I think we're going to be exploring
the
ruins outside.  Also, I am not sure how long it will take to recharge the
ship's cells.  In fact, I don't even know HOW the cells are recharging
themselves."
    "Oh, that's easy," remarked Sasami after she slurped up some noodles.
"The ship uses an energy convertor.  It can take gases from the atmosphere,
any type and can transform them into pure energy.  100% efficiency.  The
more
energy you make, the more systems you can bring online to help and the
faster
the process gets."
    "Sounds like flying by pulling on your own shoelaces," joked Tenchi.
    "Well, Washu been dealing with space travel for about 20,000 years,"
said
Sasami with a smirk, "how long has your Earth been living and working in
space?"
    "Point taken," said a blushing Tenchi.  "In fact, this is the first
alien
planet I have been on."
    "No," pointed out Sasami.  "Washu's lab is on about a dozen different
planets.  More by now."
    "Oh, I keep forgetting that around you gals nothing is what it seems."
    "Meow."
    "And cabbit," added Tenchi.
    Ryo-Ohki offered Tenchi a tiny carrot.
    "Thank," laughed Tenchi.
    "These noodles could use more salt," sighed Sasami.

    The colony was an agricultural commune, a small one, meant to only feed
the local planet's labor force of engineers, scientists, nurses, factory
workers and local militia.  The city was seamless, having grown into place
over two hundred years ago from transplanted cuttings of older communities.
The second wave of ships had brought the colonists and inorganic equipment
that could not be grown nor built locally after the city had reached
adulthood.
    Bristle moved among the rows of pink and yellow fruit, collecting the
ripe ones and placing them in the basket strapped to his back.  The fruit
would be a great treat for the young ones at the nearby nursery.  He easily
moved among the low fruit bearing bushes, stepping carefully over them with
his four long legs.  High above him bioluminescent moss gave more than
enough
light, day or night, to keep the plants growing.  The air was full of spores
and pollen, giving the impression of fog.
    From a distance a member of the Hive looked more like a pear than an
insect or maybe a snowman. The large lower segment of his body held the
major
organs and was even strong enough to rest on when he was tired.  The middle
segment held most of the major muscle groups and his six chambered heart.
The four legs were hinged to the bottom of this segment, each an equal
distance from each other.  Two arms were attached to the top, each arm twice
as thick as any of the legs.  The fingers on the hands were skillful and
thin
compared to the toe hooks which dug into the soil.  The head, with its
clicking jaws, huge dark eyes and flickering antennae, held a brain larger
than most primates, even man's.
    Bristle was an old worker, having been one of the first to be born on
it,
so his head and joints had gray hairs growing out.  It gave him an old,
weathered look unlike the shiny, sleek shells of most of the younger
generations.  Because of his age he had been moved to the labor pool that
worked within the city's gardens itself.  While old he was still fit enough
to bring something to the Hive.  Around him other Hive members collected
nectars from the flowers as while as seeds for the future.  Mushrooms were
being carefully picked and young trees were being transplanted from smaller
pots to the rich soil of the greenhouse.
    Bristle decided he had enough fruits in his basket and entered for the
exit of the green house.  He passed fruit trees, flowers of many colors and
even different types of fungi.  The door looked like the rest of the wall,
only the scent giving away its location.  He pushed his right hand against
it
and the flesh parted, splitting into three petals that peeled away from his
touch, allowing him out of the structure.
    The sunlight was pouring down from one of the two suns of the binary
system, filling the busy streets.  Workers, much like himself, moved about.
Many carried tools or boxes, others pushed carts or even drove small street
cars who moved about on their many legs.  Bristle took a second to enjoy the
smells and sights of the busy city.
    The buildings and structures about him were living, organic in their
nature.  They had started out as seeds, but had swiftly grown, becoming a
huge living network of brown trunks, huge green domes and miles of searching
roots.  Massive leafs, like huge green sails, had spouted out of the roofs
and branches.  They turned and bent, following the light from the sky,
absorbing energy and releasing waste water into the air.  Down, deep below
Bristle's feet the root system not only collected water and nutrients but
allowed the systems of the city to exchange data and resources.
    Bristle headed for the nursery, moving over the living bark of the
street
vine, his body handling the weight of the fruit basket easily.  He passed a
cluster of native trees which the city had allowed to live.  The city never
fought the native wildlife.  It learned from it and even interbreed with it
in a very limited way.  Hive cities ended up becoming back of the
biodiversity, not enemies of it.  To his right was a dome, which having been
damaged by an industrial fire, was already healing itself.  Self-repair was
a
big plus of having a genetical engineered colony.
    He entered the nursery and stepped over the fleshy barricade that kept
the tiny mewling babies within.  Long legged nurses met him just inside the
doorway and accepted the basket of fruit, as babies mewled and chirped at
his
feet.  Many of them were already getting their cups, ready to get their
share
of the tasty fruit.  A baby warrior tried to use the adult language,
clicking
and chirping up at Bristle.  He rewarded the tiny warrior with a pat on the
head and a large slice of the pink and yellow fruit.
    Many of the chicks finished their fruit and removed their rinds to the
compost pit.  The pit would open up and take in any organic leftovers, waste
that the digestive systems of the nursery could easily use.  Nothing in the
city was allowed to go unused.
    Bristle left the nursery as a humming noise filled the sky.  High above
the dark trunks and twisting leafs was a small shuttle, corkscrewing down
towards the city's small space port.  Bristle twitched happily, remembering
that the greenhouse had been promised a container of very advanced
fertilizer.  He moved quickly, walking past warrior barracks, inorganic
warehouses, smelly factories.
    He arrived at the port just in time to see the shuttle land.  Missile
launchers and plasma cannon dotted the landing field of the space port,
along
with emergency response teams.  Unlike the rest of the city the port would
not just heal any damage it received from an enemy attack within a few days.
Few things here were organic, including the reinforced runway and this meant
that it had to be protected at all costs.  A warrior holding a small
machine-gun waved Bristle to a halt.
    "Greetings warrior," clicked Bristle.
    "Greetings elder worker," chirped the warrior.  "What is your business
here?"
    "Fertilizer shipment," stated Bristle, "it is very important and we have
been looking forward to its arrival for the past few weeks."
    "Go ahead than," said the warrior as she waved Bristle on.  "The motor
pool will loan you a ground truck."
    "Thank you," replied Bristle, "thank you very much.  Things are looking
up."

    The Haven Hospital ship (called the 'Protector') floated peacefully
among
the rest of the Third Fleet, deep within the Orion Nebula.  Within one of
the
many chambers of the ship was a small baby chick of the Hive.  His room had
blue wallpaper and deep pink carpeting.  He was chewing on his red ball, one
of his many toys that the scientists had given him.
    "OK," said Blaine as she walked into the room with the tray of food.
"Time for yummy food."
    The baby chirped and ran over, forgetting his ball for the moment.
"Pudding," the baby chick hissed.
    "No, not today," said Blaine as she knelt down and helped the baby Hive
worker use the fork.  "It's a salad today."
    "Pudding?"
    "No, salad."
    "Pudding."
    "No, salad."
    Behind the two way mirror stood two more scientists in a dark room
watching Blaine try to get the baby chick to eat the greens.  All around
cameras and scanners took note of the tiny enemy's actions.
    "So, after weeks of working on this project, you have nothing to show
the
military?" asked Loa, shaking the folder in his hands.
    "We have lots of data," corrected Gene, "just none that the military
would be interested in.  It has not been a waste, I mean, look at it!  We've
got get speaking our language.  Plus the studies on the DNA.  Totally
natural, no engineering at all.  We've done every test we could think of."
    Loa sighed and rubbed his eyes.  "I'm not attacking your work, but you
know the military wants something else."
    "I know what they want," stated Gene.  "They want us to cut open the
tiny
guy and find out new ways on how to kill his race faster.  They want us to
clone a dozen of him to kill and burn and smash and study.  Well, THIS
project has been approved by the Lord Lance himself, so they can go stick a
plasma charge up their butts!"
    Loa stared at his fellow scientist.  "Are you OK?"
    Gene sighed and shook his head, running his left hand through his
thinning hair.  "No, the pressure is getting to me.  I mean, I am born and
trained to solve problems and this is one of the greatest, most interesting
problem in the universe.  I've never dealt with a newborn, none of us have
and those idiots want me to put this baby under the knife."
    Loa shook his head, "Well, I'll try to keep them calm, but you're going
to HAVE to give them something soon or they might try to take the baby away
from the Science Departments."
    Gene snorted, "what they going to do, put him under a light and demand
he
draw a map to show them the way to the Hive's major planets?"
    Loa just shrugged and said, "I don't know."
    Gene turned to glance back into the baby's room.  The baby chick had
climbed up onto one of the chairs, tiny fork clasped in one hand, as it
pressed its face against the mirror, looking into the dark room. Blaine
stood
behind the chick, holding the tray and looking confused.
    Gene laughed, "well, looks like he figured out the mirror."
    Loa chuckled and said into one of the many recorders housed into the
dark
room.  "Baby chick's eyesight is developing non-visible sight."
    The tiny chick made a chirping noise and waved the empty hand.

    Nobuyuki carefully served his father-in-law the steaming bowl of noodles
and then served himself.
    The older Katsuhito glanced down at the noodles as he picked up a spoon
and said, "Not bad."
    Nobuyuki laughed and remarked, "Hey, remember, before all the females
came to invade our lives, I use to cook the meals for myself and Tenchi."
    Katsuhito nodded, "that is true. I, myself, forgot how much I use to
live
on simple meals like this before Princess Sasami came into our lives."
    "Yes," said Tenchi's father as he stirred his noodles.  "Do you think
they'll be OK?"
    "Of course they'll be OK," commented Tenchi's grandfather as he tried
the
noodles, "Washu knows what she is doing.  I am sure, unlike us, they are
having a great meal around a glowing fire, just waiting for the sun to come
up.  They can go fishing and exploring, maybe Washu will bring back a couple
of plants just to study.  I am sure the girls will find lots of pretty
flowers and such."
    "Of course," laughed Nobuyuki after burning the roof of his mouth, "and
I'm sure Tenchi will enjoy it the most.  He always loved to fish."
    "Yes," replied Katsuhito, "by the way, you put too much salt in this."
    "Hey," joked Nobuyuki, "I said I use to cook for me and Tenchi, I never
said I was good at it."

    In another Haven hospital ship (known the 'Tranquillity') about 40,000
million light years away, Mist was receiving a visitor in blue.  Kaki
stepped
into the small room and up to the medical bed.  Mist was sitting with a tray
in her lap, pillows piled behind her.  She was enjoying the hospital's best
meal in the form of a meat cube and some vegetable strips.  She smiled at
him
and said, "Hello Officer Kaki."  She stabbed a cube with a fork and popped
it
into her mouth.
    "Hello," said the pilot as his heart raced a tad faster, "I hear you're
doing better?"
    "Oh yes," she replied happily, as she brushed some of her hair out of
her
face, "One of my legs were broken and a few muscles torn, but my breed heals
very fast.  The hospital food is good."
    "That's good," said the officer as his black eyes stared into her yellow
ones.  The hospital food didn't look like anything special to him, but then
he hadn't lived the life of a dirt pounder and his idea of good food was
food
served in a proper dining hall with the other officers of the navy and
fighter wings.
    Anyway, few female pilots looked as nice as her.  The long nonmilitary
hair, the tall slim body and those nice big...eyes.
    "Mm," she blushed as he stared and asked, "how are you?"
    "Oh, I'm doing fine," remarked Kaki, "I already spent a few days
training
some of the newbies about real combat in the flight simulators of the Fury.
I've tossed in a few things that the computers never think of just to shake
things up."
    "I see we fell back," said Mist as she gestured to the window display.
It showed a giant red star outside the ship.  It looked angry and very
unstable, with huge flares reaching out like greedy hands.  Blurs pasted the
display as tiny repair drones went from ship to ship.  Two of the nearest
ships, each a destroyer, were floating along side the hospital ship, their
hulls pitted and blemished by the inferno of alien fire they had endured
during the retreat.
    "Yes, the Sixth and First fleet have fallen back, for now," said Kaki,
his face now turning red with rage.  "We, I mean the Fleet Commanders picked
this system because it was still close to Hive space, yet long range sweeps
will be unlikely to detect our ships."  Kaki closed his eyes and tried to
let
relax.  'I lost most of my pilots fighting for a world we never got to
hold,'
he thought to himself.
    He gasped and glimpsed down at his hand, which Mist was now holding.
    "Are you OK?" she asked staring up at him.
    "I'm just a tad mad.  Mostly at myself," replied Kaki, adding in a rush,
"I keep losing pilots.  My people.  Many were my brothers and sisters.  Some
may be my offspring for all I know.  I keep losing them, to enemy ships and
even people who turn out to be allies."
    Kaki turned his head away, trying to hide his eyes.  They seemed to burn
and feel moist at the same time.  His rage was slipping away no matter how
much he tried to hold onto it.
    "You are crying," said Mist.  "I first did that during my second
mission.
 The one where I found the chick."  Her voice became soft and she added, "I
felt so sorry for it.  It had come into the world, totally innocent and it
was about to leave it.  I should have killed it.  I was born to kill it, but
I didn't."
    Kaki used his free hand to wipe at his eyes, but failed to stop the
tears.  Emotions were something all people had, even the people of Haven,
but
some emotions were strangers to the clones' hearts and self-pity was
something fresh to Kaki.
    "But that's not all," sobbed Kaki as he fell to his knees.  "It's the
ones who live.  Don't you see?  In this war, you either die while innocent
or
you becoming the living dead.  I've seen it happen to the pilots who taught
me and now I see it happening to me.  We never get a chance like the rest of
the races."
    Kaki pulled at his own hair, shouting, "We go right from vat to battle
to
the grave. Most of us are veterans by our tenth year!  Why?  WHY?"
    Only silence met Kaki's question as he buried his face into Mist's lap,
knocking aside her meal.  Neither Mist or the burning star beyond the ship's
hull had an answer.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters were created and are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  I own the rest of my story.  Well, I don't own the Earth, but you
get the main idea.  This story was brought to you by Lemon Nebula Food
Services.  Please enjoy their many fine products or they WILL hunt you down.
They know where you live!
