New Partner!
Chapter Six: A dish best served cold?


    The home planet of the Hive had a very simple name.  It was called the
Nest.  The Nest was an arid planet, a world of small seas and tiny polar ice
caps.  The Hive lived among the grasslands, deserts and jungles.  Much of
the
cities had been dug out of the living rock centuries ago; thousands of
tunnels, eggs chambers, water traps and living quarters.
    The oldest and deepest of these rooms belonged to the Queens of the
Hive.
 They lived within the rooms, kept cool and well fed, while they ruled the
Hive.
    The Queens were less than happy today, for new information from the
colonies had reached them, information of the worst type.
    "Repeat that," chirped the Red queen, her claws raking the ground as she
tried to sit up in her mossy bed.
    The male drone, a member of the Royal Court, bowed and repeat, "We have
also received news from the colony Rich Living.  This is the sixth colony to
report that the plants, both within the farms and the native plants, are
being killed by a virus."  He waited, not having been dismissed, his head
bowed down towards the moist floor.
    "No," hissed one of the older Blue queens as she laid another egg which
was quickly taken away by a tiny worker.
    "I fear it is so," repeated a young Yellow queen, "we are lucky not all
our colonies nor our own home world were able to use the fertilizer before
we
discovered its true nature."
    "Our young will die," mourned one of the older Reds, as her fellow
queens
all clicked and mewled in distress.
    "No," remarked the first Red queen, "we will find new sources of food.
We will also strike back at those who have done this to us."
    The male drone buzzed his wings slightly and said, "What will the first
target be?"  The Queens all lowered their massive bodies to the ground and
thought.

    Captain Silver and the rest of the crew studied the sensor screens and
the radar returns.
    "They said they wanted to meet us there," remarked Silver, as he brushed
his hair.  "You are SURE this is the right location?"
    "Yes, sir," replied the pilot as he glanced over his shoulder at his
captain, "this is the correct location."
    The Blue Belles floated within a cloud of ionized atoms.  A perfect
place
for the smuggler ship to meet with their employers, but also a bad place for
the smuggler ship to run into Galaxy Police Ships on patrol.  The cloud
messed up sensors and also jammed radio.  If the Blue Belles DID run into
police Captain Silver would not really be able to explain his way out of it.
There was no GOOD reason to be in the cloud UNLESS it was an illegal reason.
    'They've never been late before,' thought the Captain as he glanced at
his watch.  He hated the cloud.  The shapes and colors it made on the
viewing
screens were sometimes lovely and sometimes the stuff of nightmares.
    "Sir," called out one of the radar operators, "got a blip.  Too small
for
a Hive transport."
    "On main screen," snapped Silver.
    The main screen flickered to live.  At first there was nothing but white
and black snow, but soon, as the ship came closer, the view become clearer.
    The shape was too small and thin.  If Hive transports looked like huge
cigars, this looked more like a black pen.  Slim, with over sized engines
and
no cargo space.  It looked more like...
    The Blue Belles rocked as the Hive ship suddenly started to fire on it
with heavy lasers.  The Blue Belles was more than just a transport ship
itself. Fake hull plates covered missile launchers, a reinforced interior
and
oversized engines.  Yet while Galaxy Patrol Ships might have to fear
Silver's
pride and joy the Hive Beam Destroyer outside did not.  The Hive ship moved
closer, as the cloud would be causing problems to its targeting systems and
absorbing a lot of the lasers' energy.
    "Full alert," yelled the Captain, "close all hatches.  Pop the outer
fakes.  Fire missiles!  Full thrust and get us out of here!"  Crew members
followed his orders as fast as they could, many shaking off the surprise and
amazement, as they watched the Hive ship run out more guns.
    The whole ship shuddered as more invisible bolts of energy raked the
Blue
Belles's sides.  While the ionized cloud might be soaking up some of the
energy, more then enough was hitting the Blue Belles.
    Red statues lights appeared on the lesser screens and alarms started to
go off all over the bridge.  Even as missile flashed out of the launchers,
heading for the attacker's ship, much of the smuggler's armor was boiling
out
into space.  The lasers chewed through hull plates and bathed the exposed
insides with radiation.
    "It's too late!" screamed a crew member as he pounded onto his controls.
"Engines One and Three won't respond."
    The bridge went dark and then lite up again as red back up lights came
on.  Smoke and ozone started to fill the air, as the many systems started to
shut down right before the crew's eyes.  The screens showed a few missiles
reaching the target.  The missiles were smart enough to find the Destroyer
in
the cloud of particles and radiation, but were making pathetic dents in the
Destroyer's armor.
    "Abandon ship," commanded Captain Silver even as he unbuckled himself
from the chair and threw himself at the missile firing station.  The ship
rocked again and many of the launchers themselves were hit.
    "But sir," said one of the crew, as the others rushed out of the bridge,
heading for the escape pods.  "Sir, you have to come too."
    "No," said the Captain as he launched another flight of missiles.  "You
need time to escape into the cloud.  Don't turn on your radio beacons till
AFTER that thing is gone."
    "Aye," she said before exiting the smoke filled bridge.
    The Blue Belles started to roll and pitch, the ship's systems too badly
damaged to keep it steady.  Captain Silver could already smell the scent of
burning plastics and hear the snap of exploding circuits as the red lights
also died.  He tried to trigger one last volley, but there was nothing.
Outside his ship the Hive Destroyer pressed closer, preparing its own last
volley.  All the Blue Belles could do was roll, as secondary explosions lite
the darkness, as it slowly died.
    One piece of luck did stay with the crew.  The twisting spin of the
Belles meant that their escape pods left the launch cradles while on the
side
facing AWAY from the Hive warship.  The pods' tiny engines sparkled and they
disappeared into the ion cloud.
    Captain Silver sat in the darkness, coughing as chemicals and fire
started to fill the room, and he grinned.
    "Well, you got me," he snapped.  He flipped one of the screens to one
side and exposed a jury-rigged switch.  He punched it.
    The Blue Belles exploded when the containment fields of the fusion
bottles shut down.  The Hive Beam Destroyer was able to handle the shock
wave
easily.  After all, it WAS a warship.  On the other hand the Destroyer
failed
to find the escape pods, as the shock waves from the explosion just ADDED to
the ionized chaos within the cloud and after a few hours of sweeping the
area
with sensors and shuttles, it withdrew into hyperspace.

    Bristle helped to herd the last chick up the ramp of the small shuttle.
All around him, spread out over the spaceport, were other workers loading up
the shuttles and larger troop transports with crates and baskets and
belongings.  The nurses thanked him and ran up the ramp, to make sure the
babies were all strapping in and that the eggs were properly taken care off.
    Bristle had a war raging inside him.  One side wanted him to walk up the
ramp and buckle up into his assigned seat.  Another side want him to turn
around and give his home one last look.  Bristle shivered and then turned
violently, almost tossing himself off the shuttle's ramp.
    Before him was a wasteland.  The buildings were brown, their leafs
curled, their skin spotted and brown.  Dust covered the streets, as desert
was forming on much of the planet now that much of the grasslands and
jungles
were dead.  Only the warehouses and control towers that dotted the spaceport
around him seemed to still be tall and straight, but they were dead things
and he showed them no interest than he might show a pebble.
    One of the shuttles started to move upwards on its antigravity engines.
It was soon followed by another shuttle, then two troop transports.  A tiny
sound beeped behind him and he turned slowly and moved up into the shuttle's
cargo bay.  The ramp lifted and closed with a boom, cutting off his view of
his home, now a graveyard.

    Washu slowly fed power to the engines and the time ship started to life,
ripping its way through vines and small branches, pulling its way out of the
embrace of the forest.
    "I can't wait to get to Earth," said Tenchi as he buckled up.
    "I don't know," said Ryoko, "from what the tiny gnome said, I am sure we
shouldn't be heading for Jurai or one of the other planets, to help. We have
to warn them."
    "You heard what he said," said Sasami as she nuzzled the cabbit.  "Washu
has to protect Earth."
    "Yes," remarked Princess Ayeka.  "And anyway, I am sure Kiyone and
Mihoshi can warn them once we get back to the Earth's System."
    "OK folks," said Washu as the time ship started to pick up speed,
blasting up out of the forest, "hold on to your hats."
    "I don't have a hat," pointed out Sasami.
    "Just hold on," shouted Washu, as the time ship escaped the atmosphere.
Before them appeared the Hive ships guarding the Gamma system.  Already some
was responding to the time ship, slowly pitching and spinning, as smaller
fighters were launched.  The small arrowhead shaped craft were closing fast.
    "Here we go," said Washu as she punched the "ON" button.  The time drive
kicked in.
    There was flash and the Hive fighters found themselves approaching empty
space.

    Derek tried to light his pipe as he floated a few light years from D3's
realm.  All around him an invisible battle was going on, as the few members
of his race who had stayed behind continued to hold the Goddess back, not
even allowing her to make contact with D3.
    "How long do we do this?" asked a child's voice from around the gnome.
    "Till the Hive is neutralized," the tiny man replied as he finally lit
his pipe in the vacuum of space.
    "She is powerful," said the tiny voice, "and she is not the only one
beyond the wall we have set up.  If enough energy is brought against us, the
wall will fall and the release of so much power could disrupt the VERY
universe we are trying to protect."
    "We will hold," remarked Derek.
    "We can feel her," stated another member of his race, the voice seeming
to be many female voices that had been overlapped to speak as one.  "We can
feel her rage.  We know the Hive is planning to do something she has
forbidden.  We see the Hive is going to bring the war out into the open."
    Derek nodded and said, "They are breaking off from her.  She has lost
control and it upsets her more than anything else."  He gave his pipe a
puff,
sending a smoke ring towards D3's realm.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  The rest are
mine.
 Answer: Gazpacho Soup.
