Disclaimer: Yet again, I do not own tenchi (would be quite nice, seeing
as I’d have 2 get bigger pants 2 hold my wallet, but then I’d get my ass
kicked for trying 2 be cool at school...so mabey not) Pioneer owns it
here, someone owns it there. I only own my character, even though his
personality could be said to be a rip off of someone else...*breathes in
So, on with the second chapter of my Story. (By the way, this was also
written in about 2hrs or so, so please don't be 2 pissed if you think u
wasted your time)

            The New Warrior II (oh yeh its bold and underlined, what now!)

        At the Masaki residence, as usual, Ryoko and Ayeka are fighting for
the
love of Tenchi.  Sasami is doing chores, since no one else will, but
Washu is a different matter. Washu is in her lab, picking up an unknown
power surge heading towards Earth, but seeming not to be worried for a
strange reason. She looks at some data from her computer that popped-up
on the database.
She presses a button (well there aren't really buttons on the computer
but you get the picture.) and a hologram appears above the computer,
hovering in the lab.  It would seem normal except for the fact that this
hologram seems to be seen somewhere else. The hologram is of a Golden
ship, with the same architecture of the Soja, except much larger. A
large White fire can be seen around the ship, while a blue one is seen
in the back, probably from the engines. Washu walks up to it and
examines it, the ship doing barrel-rolls in the air so she can examine
all of its surroundings. Meanwhile, in space around Jupiter, a beam of
light is seen. The beam flattens into a circle about the size of
Saturn's rings as a Ship's hull can be seen appearing out of the
“gateway”. As the ship finally comes fully out of the gateway, the
gateway flickers and disappears.  Nearby a few more gateways appear. The
Jurain juggernaught “Last Hope” can be seen, flanked by several
battleships. A vid-link appears infront of the dark figure inside of the
golden ship as he looks into it with colorless eyes. On the other side
of the vid-link, the face of Jurai’s Commander of Space Operations and
two guards with serious faces can be seen. The Commander looks at the
darkened figure for a moment before speaking. “I've heard you've been
busy.” “As a matter of fact,” the dark figure says in a low tone,” I
have. I remember your battle ships being a bit stronger or mabey it is
just me becoming stronger?” The captain looks intently at the figure,
waiting for him to raise his face to look at Jurai’s leading Commander.
After waiting for a matter of minutes, the Commander replies to him.
“You have forsaken yourself by killing those men, and for that, you will
be tried and most undoubtedly executed for your mistake.” The dark
figure scoffs silently to himself, “You know you cant stop me, just be
happy I do not destroy Jurai and kill yourself for what it has done, but
if your “Kings” daughters get in my way I will show them no mercy.” The
Commanders’s face turns dark red as if he is about to explode. “YOU
TOUCH THE KINGS DAUGHTERS AND I WILL SEE YOU HUNTED DOWN FOR THE REST OF
ETERNITY, AND I WILL NOT STOP UNTIL YOU ARE DESTROYED.” The Commander
regains  shakes his head back and forth, calming himself down and
regaining his composure. The figure starts to laugh in that
so-well-known evil laugh almost every villain has. “You seem to be upset
SIR” he says with a mocking tone “what is wrong.” A smile being able to
be seen across his face under his hair before he becomes expressionless
again. “What is wrong?!? You destroyed Jurain ships AFTER they
surrendered, a cowardly and unjust act, and if you try to take Ryoko’s
punishment into your own hands, when you are not even WITH Jurai any
more, the Jurain Royal Council will see to it that you are stopped.” The
dark figure sweeps his hands across the console to his left and the
commander, seeing this, yells out evasive maneuver techniques. The
figure presses a button and the Massive ships engines and afterburners
start up, launching him away from the Jurain vessels. The commander,
still unsure about what happened, looks blankly at the ship fly away,
leaving a yellow particle trail behind it, giving it the effect of
Golden dust in space.   After what just happened sinks into the commander,
he turns towards the ensign and orders full speed ahead, chasing after
the ship as it accelerates towards earth.
        On Earth, Ryoko can be seen holding her trademark energy sword at
Ayeka, who has Azaka and Kamidake at her flanks. Ryoko melts into the
ground and reappears behind Ayeka. Quickly Ayeka orders the guardians to
create a defense shield around her just as Ryoko thrusts her energy
sword into it. Mihoshi can be seen to the side trying to calm Ryoko down
and break up the fight, until Ryoko turns to her and points the energy
sword at her neck. Sasami is in the kitchen, sighing at the occurrence
outside, humming to herself. Tenchi is standing behind a tree and
mumbling, “Just another NORMAL day at the Masaki house.” Trying to find
a way to end the fight, Tenchi tries to get the two ladies attention.
Seconds later he is sitting up in a tree branch, being thrown out of the
way by Ryoko as she continues to attack Ayeka. Yet again Washu is locked
away in her lab, monitoring the large ship flying towards Earth and
writing something in her computer. After recording that data, she looks
up at the ship and sighs before saying quietly to herself, “Welcome
back....”

The Second Chapter is complete, this may be a long Saga, seeing as it
isn't getting far very fast, but I guess a little length never hurt any
one right? I think I’ll finally get to the persons past, so expect a
longer story next time, since he does has an interesting past to talk
about. I’ll need some ideas on the ending of my story even though I
probably won't write it for a while. By the way any one have any
constructive criticism for me? it is my 2cd fan fic but I still need a
good word Bashing. This is the unknown (soon to be named) Warrior
signing out once more. *ok fine if u think that this is annoying why
don't you give me a BETTER ending phrase heheh*
Email:Defcon_00@hotmail.com