                                                        New Kids
                                                        on the
                                                         Block

                                           Part One of the Nicolae &
                                                        Danoku Saga

DICLAIMER: Me and Dan do not own Pioneer or the Tenchi Characters.


      WARNING: one incy ounce of lemon.you probably won't even notice it.
You

 must be 13 or older to read this, but you're not going to listen to me, so
enjoy!


Tenchi awoke with a start.Ryoko was standing over him with a forefinger held
to her lips.

    "Tenchi darling, there are two guys  at the door, they would like to
speak with you." She whispered in his ear.

    "Oh, okay. Thank you Ryoko." Tenchi said in a sleepy yawn as he stood up
and left the room.

The hardwood floor was cold on Tenchi's bare feet, this disturbed him, the
floor was not usually this cold. Then he looked up where the ceiling should
have been. He saw stars, satalites, birds, and a young man dressed in all
black and a robe with a cowl draped over his shoulders.

    "Hey, sorry about the roof buddy, my partner is not the best of all the
pilots. We kinda crashed here, over by the lake. My partner skimmed the top
of your nice roof here, and well..." The stranger trailed off.

    "......." Tenchi said with his mouth hanging open.
<Why does this always happen to me?> Tenchi thought.
They heard a door creak and out came Washu, sleep still in her eyes.

    " i don't know how he got here but who's is that cute guy in the
bathroom?"

    "Oh, that must be Nicolae, he probably pissed his pants from the crash
we
had.it happens alot  and sometimes its a real problem for him ." The tall
darkly clad man said with a grin that made Washu's heart melt.

    "Oh my," Washu said blushing. She then preceeded to the back of the
house to investigate the young man in the bathroom.

The man on the top of the jumped down from the roof and landed in a crouch
position in front of Tenchi.

    "Hi, my name is Danoku," the man said pulling down the concealing hood
of
his robe revealing a lightly sun tanned face with the darkest eyes Tenchi
had
ever seen and a mass of wavy brown hair.

    "I'm Tenchi." Said the shorter man, extending his hand for handshake,
the
darkly clad man shook Tenchi's hand with such strength that he almost
yelped!

    "AAAHHH!" Screamed Ayeka when she saw the stranger in front of Tenchi.
She lunged in front of her love and preceeded to beat the stranger over his
head with her pillow.

    "Ow...Stop...It...You...Stupid...Woman...!" The assaulted man yelled.

Ayeka paused to get a good look at the man.

    "Tenchi, who is this poor excuse for a man?" Ayeka demanded pointing at
the new person.

    "This is Danoku, Ayeka. He and his friend are here to stay for awhile."
Tenchi replied.

    "Uh...We are?" Said the dark man with a big sweat drop on his head.

    "Yes, you both can stay with us for as long as you like." Said Tenchi.
<Finally, some guys my age!> Tenchi thought with relief.

    "Okay, thank you!" Danoku said. "Nicolae, we are staying here for
awhile!" Yelled the bruised man to his companion.Out of the bathroom step a
man with light brown hair brown eyes and a wierd uniform which consisted of
a
pair of kahkes, A shirt with a picture of their ships logo(which was a big
smiley face with a cigar in its mouth) and some goggles ,which rested on his
forehead below his spikt hair.

"Tight!oh... but i have a question, who's that pink haired girl, she  wanted
some sort of sample  some from me but i pushed her out and locked the door"
Nicolae stated.

"oh , said Tenchi, " that must be Little Washu" ". Oh , said Nicolae ,"
she's
pretty Hot."

<he forgot to lock the door again...and at someone elses house!> Dan thought
as he looked towards the kitchen. There was the best smell coming from
within
that room. Tenchi followed his gaze, "That is Sasami, she is probably making
breakfast, she is a very good cook, her tea is excellent, you should try
some. As he said that, young girl, about the age of  9  stepped out of the
kitchen carrying a tray of tea and rice crackers.

    "Danoku, this is Sasami, Sasami, meet Danoku." Tenchi said motioning to
Danoku, then to sasami.

    The blue-haired young girl gave a shy smile and offered the tall, dark
man some of her famous tea and a few fresh crackers Danoku accepted them
with
a thanks and a smile that made the girl blush and turn her face.
    Tenchi just looked on in shock as the two shot glances at each other.

    "I thought i heard some people at the door.I should get back to
breakfast." as she went into the kitchen.

    "

    " I am sure you are tired, you can sleep on the couch if you like-"
Tenchi was cut off by Kyone and Mihoshi walking into the room and halting at
the sight of the Danoku, who just looked the other way.

    "Wow, you must be Danoku, Nicolae told us all about you. You sound
really
nice!" The blonde said in a loud voice. The blue-haired woman stood there
giving Mihoshi a dirty look.

    "Hi, my name is Kyone, this is Mihoshi." Kioni said extending her hand
in
an offer to shake hands with the handsome man.

    "You may call me Dan, it is my pleasure to meet you Kyone and Mihoshi."
He said in a flat toneless voice, he declined the offer of the handshake
with
a glance toward Kyone's outstreched hand.

<He is kinda cute> Thought Kyone.

Later, as Tenchi was showing his new friends around the shrine, a little
discussion was taking place in the Masaki living room. "I don't see why we
must keep keep these heathens here" argued Ayeka, " That one ...Uh Nicolae!
He is almost as bad as you Ryoko!did you see how he grabbed by ass!uh...I
mean behind! "Hah little innocent princess said a bad word. are you really
so
innocent.And besides , you know you want him. Then i'll have Tenchi all for
myself!" Ryoko said.then laughed hysterically. "THAT IS ENOUGH DEMON!!!!,
AZAKA, KAMADAKE , GET RID OF THIS MONSTER!!" "Yes princess" They replied as
they tried to fight Ryoko along with Ayeka.

  "I personally think its great that Tenchi can have some nice boys his
age".
Nobuyuki stated as the cat-fight of the universe was going on behind him,
"Yeah they're really nice "Mihoshi said as she shoved 3 pieces of Sasami's
Fried shrimp into her mouth(or as i like to call it... an endless pit). "
Don't eat so much at one time Mihoshi " Kyone said, " you'll choke. as if on
cue, Mihoshi started choking. "Crap" yelled Kyone as she rushed over to get
the shrimp out of Mihoshi's throat.

" This sure is nice of you to let us stay with you Tenchi", said Nicolae.
"How could your dad stand all this commosion in one household"? "you know
what"? replied Tenchi, "I have no clue". "Sorry about your roof again"Dan
said. "Oh its fine", My dad can fix that in a second."<these guys are really
nice, it would'nt be bad if they stayed here a while. Well i'll have to
teach
Nicolae to clean up after himself and not talk with his mouth full>,thought
Tenchi.

"hey Tenchi ", Nicolae asked, " How come Washu 's always gone. "Oh. she's
always in her lab. it's below the stairs."Thanks Tenchi!" said Nick as he
ran
to the lab under the stairs.

                                                                    Thats
part one for me and Dans first fanfic. e-mail me and give me some comments
at
                              BONES2476@aol.com.  Part 2 will focus more on
Dan, Mihoshi ,Sasami Ayeka and Kyone.
