DISCLAIMER:
	These seem pretty popular, so here goes.  Pioneer and AIC own 
Tenchi & Co., most of the settings, and probably half of Tokyo.  I 
own a computer with Notepad, so I thought, I'll write a fanfic.  
Some elements were influenced by various fanfics, but nothing was 
directly lifted (except the begining of Tenchi TV:  No Need For an 
Arch Rival!, plz don't hurt me for it, I rewrote most of it and I 
will probably change it completeley at some point).

This story takes place in the OAV universe (I know Nagi is from 
the TV series, but I'm introducing her here), and don't expect 
Kiyone to show up, as I don't like her.  Now, on with the story.  
Please note, Nagi will not be *quite* the same as in the TV 
series.  (Hey, they did it to Kagato, I can do it to Nagi.)

Tenchi Muyo!:  No Need for Siblings!  Episode 1:  Nagi, Part 2
by
~Brain~Wav~

	"Washu, what are you doing here, I told everyone," Ryoko 
dodged a blast from Nagi's sword, "to stay away."

	Washu ignored here, "Nagi?  Stop fighting this instant!"

	Ryoko stared and Nagi paused, "Who are you to order me 
around, girl?"

	Washu shifted into adult form, Nagi stared, and Washu spoke, 
"Don't you recognize me?  I'm you mother!"  Now everyone stared, 
including Mihoshi who had just wandered out.  "Azaka, Kamidake, 
restrain Nagi."  Washu ordered the logs and they did.

	"I thought I was your daughter."  Ryoko spoke, confused.  
Then it dawned on her, "Wait, she isn't. No, she's my sister?!"  
Everyone except Washu and Mishoshi (who was still out of it even 
though she was standing) facefaulted, even Azaka and Kamidake did 
which released Nagi.

	"Ha, now I'm free, and you people are dead!"  Nagi began to 
attack, but Washu held up her hand and pushed Nagi back into the 
lake.

	"Let's go into the lab, shall we?"  with that, they were in 
the lab, Nagi and Ryoko were restrained to keep them from killing 
each other and Ryoko's gems had been returned to Tenchi-ken.  "As 
I was saying, Nagi, I am your mother, and Ryoko is your sister.  I 
also created Ken-Ohki, ask him, he remembers me."

	Nagi frowned as she asked Ken-Ohki over their link.  "Grr... 
Alright if you are my mother, then who's my father?"

	"Same as Ryoko's," she said, then a Mass appeared in a jar in 
her hand, "the Masses.  You are, in fact Ryoko's older sister, 
older by 500 Earth years.  And if you promise not to kill each 
other, I'll let you two down."  They looked at each other then 
nodded.  "And Nagi, take out you contacts."  Nagi did as she was 
told, "Better, *mom*?"  She adressed Washu with quite a bit of 
annoyance.  Ryoko gasped, instead of blue, Nagi's eyes were green, 
just like Washu's.

	"Washu-chan, why didn't you tell us about her?"  Ayeka asked.

	"I thought Kagato had killed her, but apparently, he only 
erased her memories.  TI guess Ken-Ohki had manged to rescue her," 
Washu replied.  "I guess I might as well tell you all about it 
now."  Everyone, including Nagi sat down as Washu started.  "7000 
years ago I met up with Kagato at the science academy.  He 
convinced me to accompany him, I created teh Soja then we began 
work on Nagi, Ryoko, and the cabbits.  Well, actually, he didn't 
really want me to work on the cabbits, put I told him that they 
would change into ships for Nagi and Ryoko, he let me work on them 
on the side, and I completed them."  Washu continued, "We found 
two versions of what we thought, would create a perfect warrior.  
Then I impregnated myself using the masses with one version.  
After Nagi was born, Kagato began training her.  Meanwhile I 
refined the other version.  When Kagato found out Nagi could only 
focus energy through weapons (eg. her sword and whip), he 
considered her to be inferior and said he would kill her as she 
was, in his opinion, worthless.  I saw him drag her off and Ken-
Ohki ran after her.  Then he forced me to use the other version, 
and Ryoko was born.  He locked me up, and the rest is history."

	Mihoshi was gushing, "That was sooo moving!"  Everyone else 
thought about what Washu had said.

	"Well, it sounds all well and good, but how can I believe 
you?"  Nagi said.

	"Ugh, well let's see, their's Ken-Ohki, that fact that you 
and Ryoko look quite similar, your eyes, and"  Washu stopped as 
she pulled a jewel box out of subspace, she opened it, revealing 
two gems, identical to Ryoko's except they were blue, "I believe 
you have one of these."  Nagi looked at the gems in shock then 
pulled her sleeve up, revealing an indentical gem on her right 
wrist.  Ryoko stared at Nagi, the at Washu, then back at Nagi.

	"Wha..."  Ryoko continued he staring.

	"Oh wow, Ryoko, I guess you have a sister too now!" Sasami 
gleefully exclaimed.

	"I guess you believe me now, daughters.  Took you long 
enough."  Washu said.

	"Just coincidence,"  Nagi refused to believe that she was 
releted to Ryoko, "You probably just bought those somewhere, I 
think a shop on Quintessa V sells them."

	"Arrrgh!  How can I conince... That's it!  Everyone, follow 
me."  Washu walked towards another part of the lab, everyone 
followed, Ryoko had to drag Nagi (Author's note:  Washu is 
surpressing everyone's powers).  "Now Nagi, sit down here."  She 
pointed to a machine that resembled an electric chair, "It won't 
hurt you and if I'm right, which I always am, it will restore you 
memories from those 500 years after you were born."

	Nagi hesitantly sat down, "Whatever, but it won't work."  
Washu strapped her down in the chair and threw a switch.  The 
machine began to make a bunch of sounds then the helmet that was 
on Nagi's head glowed, "Argh!  I remember.."  Nagi tried to grab 
her head as memories flooded back into her.  Ken-Ohki began to 
hiss at it.  Then something happened and the machine started to 
smoke and it exploded.  Ayeka threw up a shield around herself, 
Tenchi, Sasami, Mihoshi, and the cabbits, protecting them, but 
Washu, Ryoko, and Nagi were too far away and were caught in the 
explosion.

	TO BE CONTINUED...

