Kori Hakubi (kori@buncha-network.com)
General
No Need for Kori! - Chapter 2 : " Dr. Bimbo Bumbles Again" 
Another bumbling GP detective crashes at the Masaki residence.
--


A blonde woman sits at the controls for a ship. She is wearing a galaxy police 
uniform and is reading some sort of book. The cover reads "The GP441-10A and 
You"; an instruction manual for her ship. As she reads she is oblivious to 
everything around her including the video screen lowering from the ceiling. A 
man in a GP uniform with black hair and brown eyes appears on screen.

"Ahem." The man clears his throat trying to get the woman's attention. She 
continues reading. He tries again this time louder. Still reading. He growls and 
bites his lip. "KOSHI!" He bellows at the top of his lungs.

"Gwah!" The woman yelps as she falls out of her chair in shock. She jumps to her 
feet and salutes. "Galaxy Police Detective 1st Class, Koshi Kino!"

"Detective Koshi, we've received word that a ship piloted by Nika Hosamu has 
been spotted in the Milky Way galaxy near the planet Earth. We would like you to 
go investigate this rumor. If you discover the location of this ship please 
contact us as soon as possible so we can send you reinforcements," the man says. 
"Also, we have assigned you a partner for the period which you will be working 
in the area of Earth. Her name is Mihoshi Kuratismu and she is currently 
stationed on Earth. We have lost communication with her so you will proceed to 
the planet Earth and inform Detective Mihoshi of her reassignment," he 
continues.

"Commander, I will find my partner then capture Nika Hosamu myself," Koshi 
responds.

"Wha?! Are you crazy?! She's one of the most dangerous people in the universe! 
Not to mention that the space Pirate Kori may be with her!"

"Detective Koshi, signing off," Koshi says with a salute.

"Wait Ko-"

The commander is cut off as the video link is turned off. Koshi takes her seat.

"Hmm.... now lets see.... Where's the subspace jump again?" She says as she 
looks at the controls. "Ah-ha, here it is," Koshi says as she presses a button. 
The ship suddenly jumps into hyperspace. "GAHH!" The detective screams as she 
speeds towards the planet Earth.

--

Kori stands next to Washu.

"Very interesting professor... so you created the cabbit Ryo-ohki using the mass 
and a rare crystal..." Kori says as he looks at some data on Washu's computer.

Washu nods. 

"Yup... so you have no idea where your cabbit ship Konak-Ohki came from?"

"Yeah... it's strange, but I've had him as long as I can remember. And from the 
data you gave me on Ryo-ohki, it would appear I have the same telepathic link 
with Konak-Ohki that Ryoko has with Ryo-ohki."

"Someone must have stolen my work... but who?" Washu says, deep in thought.

"Miss Washu, Mr. Kori, what are you doing?" asks a female voice. The two 
scientists turn around to see Mihoshi.

"Don't you ever knock?" Washu grumbles.

Mihoshi's attention has apparently been captivated by a screensaver on Washu's 
computer.

"Is she always like this?" Kori whispers.

Washu nods solemnly.

--

Koshi looks at the blue planet Earth, then looks at a control screen.

"Yup... this is the one!" She says.

She brings up a map of the planet earth on which Mihoshi's location is marked. 
Koshi types some coordinates into her computer and the ship begins to descend on 
the planet.

--

Washu looks at her computer.

"Hmm, what's this?" She mumbles.

Kori looks over Washu's shoulder.

"Galaxy Police craft.." Kori says. He goes wide-eyed. "Oh god... it's her... 
Koshi...."

"Who's Koshi?" Washu asks.

"She's a Galaxy Police Detective assigned to tracking Nika... complete idiot..."

"Like Mihoshi..."

"Exactly..." Kori looks at the screen again. "And from the looks of it, she's 
going to crash into the house..."

There is a deafening crash from outside the lab door.

"That would be her..." Kori mumbles.

The two scientists exit the lab and enter the wreckage of the Masaki home. In 
the center of the mess are the remains of a small spaceship, with members of the 
Masaki household scattered throughout the rubble. Kori and Washu begin to help 
everyone up from the mess. 

As Kori pulls Ayeka to her feet, the door of the ship opens, and a woman in a 
uniform stumbles out.

"Everyone -cough-.... freeze.... I am Galaxy Police Detective 1st Class Koshi 
Kino!" She walks down a platform that extends from the ship. "You're all under 
arre-wah!" Koshi trips and crashes to the ground.

Kori sighs.

"Everyone... this is Koshi..." Kori mumbles.

---

Koshi awakes on a couch. 

"Wha... where am I?" she mumbles.

"You're on Earth," Washu answers, "In Okayama, Japan to be exact."

"Where is Mihoshi?"

"Hai! I'm right here!" Mihoshi says happily.

"You're my new partner!" Koshi says.

Nika stands off to the side with her arms crossed.

"I take it you're after me," she says glaring at the detective.

"Uhh.... Who are you?" Koshi asks.

Nika sweatdrops.

"I'M NIKA HOSAMU YOU DUMB BIMBO!" Nika screams.

"Hey! I have a PHD in criminology!!" Koshi yells.

"Well then, I guess you'd be Dr. Bimbo then!" Nika yells back.

Kori steps between them.

"Ladies, ladies," Kori says, attempting to keep the two from killing each other.

"Kori!" Koshi squeals happily. She glomps him.

"Umm.... Aren't you supposed to be arresting me?" Kori mumbles.

"Nooo, how could I arrest yooou?"

Nika has her fists clenched, and energy begins to spark from her.

"LET GO OF HIM!" Nika screams, tackling the blonde woman.

Kori sighs and holds his head in his hands.

"Lord... why me..." he mumbles hopelessly.

Tenchi quietly watches the fight, and pats Kori on the back.

"I know how you feel..."
--

