Chapter 1: Bloody Fans and Pink Locks

        Tenchi walked up the long stairs, his books under one crooked
shoulder, his small
rat-tail flailing in the air behind his head. And then came Ryoko. She
hugged onto him, she was
wearing a yellow and navy dress, usually worn inside the house on a lazy
day, a grin on her
cheery face. "Oh Ryoko..." He moaned. He rolled his eyes, still walking up
the stairs lazily, she
was still floating so it was no weight to carry. "Teeenchi, I've been
thinking about you all day!"
She said sweetly in his ear, her long spiked sea green hair blowing in the
wind, cherry blossoms'
peddles hitting them in the eye and getting in both their hair. Tenchi
noticed she smelled different,
as she leaned up against him, something warm and sweet...vanilla! "Have you
been cooking with
Sasami?" He asked. Ryoko shook her head. "Nu-uh. Why?"
"I don't know, just this wonderful smell..."
"OH, that's my new perfume...Tenchi, you like?" She hovered in front him.
Tenchi smiled.
Ryoko held his books as he folded his arms behind his head and gazed up at
the sky. "It's great,
Ryoko. Very sweet." Ryoko, with books held to her breast with her elbows,
clapped. "Oh
yay!" She said smiling. She then hovered along Tenchi as he walked up the
long step-way to the
Misaki house-hold.

        Aeka was in the bath, drinking tea. She did'nt want sake, it was'nt
one of those times.
She coughed, for a moment, then went back to drinking tea. The sky was a
light blue....and she
had a tooth ache. She brushed regularly and every thing, but her back tooth
hurt terribly! She
was going slowly insane, thanks to the a little tooth set in her jaw that
was throbing. And the
tooth probably had to be pulled, and she hated Earth's dentists and, and
and...She sighed
deeply, settiling back in the water, cuping the cup of tea in her petite
hands. Then she heard
Tenchi and Ryoko come in. "Ryoko, where's Aeka?"
"Oh you don't need to know!" She sounded out. Aeka burned all over, her eyes
narrowed
towards the paper door that went to the mini-hall towards the sitting room.
Aeka was tempted
to get up out of the hot water and run in there, pulling the demon moster
off Tenchi and wringing
her neck. She still stayed there, frozen, in the hot water, with steaming
tea in her hands. Aeka
blinked twice, reached for a towel and got up in what seemed a single
motion. She began to
walk around on the wooden floors towards the paper walls, now putting on a
light voilet robe
she had reached for out of a cubby under a bench. Now she was standing at
the wall. She
squinted. "Forget it." she said, and was walking back to the water. "My
tooth hurts too much to
bother." Her accent deep in this sentence.

        Ryo-Ohki ran up to Tenchi and meowed. Tenchi laughed. "Oh, you want
a carrot?" He
asked, he then lifted up the little ball of fluff and strolled to the
kitchen to get the little cute
kitten-bunny cross over a carrot. Washuu strolled out of the labrotory,
something she rarely did,
with her arms folded behind her head, just as Ryoko went to follow Tenchi.
"Little-Ryoko."
Washuu began, her voice a pitch over the usual tone. Ryoko shifted her gaze
over at the
pink-haired goddess. "Yes Washuu?" asked Ryoko. Ryoko was in too good of a
mood for her
to spoil it. "I have found a very interesting way of making your special
abulities more powerful!"
"Huh? How?"
"Well, you have to carry these special paper fans around and--"
"Well where's the fans?!" She asked. Tenchi came back, Ryo-ohki was no
longer in his arms.
"She's pigging out on carrots." Washuu smiled at him. "Hi Tenchi." She
waved. "Hi
Little-Washuu!" He said waving back. Washuu had that same full-faced grin.
"So, you plan on
going to the garden today?" She asked. Tenchi nodded. "I sure am, where's
Sasami, by the
way?"
"Oh, she's visiting Yugi." Ryoko looked back and forth at the two. "Where's
the fans, Washuu?"
She asked. Washuu laughed. "Come to my lab, daughter."
"I am not your daughter!" She protested one last time, hovering after Washuu
through the lab
door. Tenchi shrugged and walked out to the carrot patch.

        Sasami sat down on a bench beside Yugi's tomb. "Well I made a great
breakfast, and
every thing went pretty smoothly this morning...except for the fact that
Mihoshi could'nt find her
boots so she could go out protecting the galaxy, and she triped over Kiyone
looking for them,
and Kiyone got mad and the two were so upset, and Mihoshi could'nt stop
crying...it was so
silly really, when you look at it now. Then Tenchi went to get his books,
but Aeka and Ryoko
were fighting near by and almost blasted him. It was really funny--" She
giggled. "You should
have seen the look on his face--" She then looked down. "But I'm glad he's
okay. So all of them
sat down and had breakfast, grandfather refused to eat, he went straight to
the temple to
meditate, and Naboyuki went straight to work...what a workaholic! Anyways,
after they were
gone, it was just me, Aeka, Ryoko, and Ryo-ohki. Ryo-ohki took a long nap,
then she and I
watched cartoons until lunch time, Ryoko hung around the baths, I think she
was drinking again,
and Aeka just sat at the table reading some new book Tenchi brought her from
the liabrary.
Well after lunch, which I prepared, I went outside and caught butterflies
and let them go, and
picked some flowers, and Ryo-ohki ran around with me. Ryoko hung around with
me too. I
don't know what Aeka did. She was'nt around. And then, after a while, Tenchi
came home, and
here I am! So, I guess your day was just a long nap, huh, Yugi?" Sasami
sighed, then one of the
bulbs in the upper left corner of the room went out. "Oh no!" She went up
thanks to a step
ladder and unscrewed it, then went back down and got another bulb out of a
box in the corner.
She looked over at Yugi's face in the shadowed tomb. Her poor friend, she
had suffered so
much. Sasami replaced the light gently, then let go quickly so that the heat
would'nt touch her
fragile fingers. Sasami got down and sat in her chair, looking at her
friend. What happens when
Yugi gets up from her nap? Will Yugi get married to some Earth guy and be
happy like Sasami
plans to do? Will Yugi have lots of pretty babies and grow old like a normal
person? Will she,
will she, will she...? Sasami clutched her hands together and held them to
her chin. If only she
knew!

        Tenchi raked at the Earth with his hoe. It was getting a bit dark,
but he still worked at
the dirt for Ryo-ohki needed carrots. Then Ryoko flew from the dark abyss
that was a storm
cloud out of the east horizon, two metal tipped paper fans in each hand. Her
entire body was
entombed in a glowing red firey light, her eyes full of blood, she began to
cry and screech.
Tenchi whirled his head around towards her, his hoe ready like a weapon.
"What the--!?" he
asked. Ryoko began to scream a message: "Get out of the way! Now!" She
screamed. Tenchi
ducked as she hissed over his head. "Ryoko, what's wrong?!" He asked. She
whized by him
again making his coat fly violently off his body. "I can't control by body!"
She screamed. Tenchi
blinked. "Why not?" He asked, running after the fast flying demon. She
looked down at him.
"The fans." She squealed, then was off like a bullet. Tenchi was confused,
then he thought for a
moment, now squatting on the ground, his breathing harsh. The fans, what
fans? He asked
himself.

        Ryoko hissed across the sky 100 miles per hour, her hair smacking
her face and stinging
her eyes. She was crying and her eyes had droplets of blood from the dirt
and things that had hit
them. Her mouth had ungodly things within them from her communications with
Tenchi, and she
felt as if she could just die. She could'nt let go of the fans! What was
next?

        Washuu was sitting on her hovering pillow, a holo-computer with
small pink crabs as
icons in front of her, she was very desturbed...and very much in her work.
"How could I do
this?" She asked. A small mini-radio played "When Dove's Cry" By Prince over
in the corner of
her lab. It had been playing on replay on a CD for a while now, she was
getting sick of it. Her
green eyes shifted from one mini-screen to another on the monitor. Her
fingers typed furiously
on the keyboard. "I'm so sorry daughter." She said. "Daughter, I'll try to
stop them"

        Tenchi, after getting his breath back, ran after Ryoko and her odd
fans. "Ryoko!" He
shouted, in hopes she had gained her sanity, or what ever, back now. Ryoko
came flying back
in a dazziling aray of orange and pink fire cracker like flames. "Ahhhh!"
She screamed. "Ryoko,
no!" Tenchi screamed. Ryoko screamed some incomprehendible message to Tenchi
then
swooped towards him.

        Washuu watching on her large monitor with large green eyes gulped.
"That's not good."
She whispered hoarsely. On the monitor it displayed what had happened to
Tenchi after Ryoko
had swooped in after him. Washuu ran up to the monitor and it automatically
popped out a
keyboard. She typed in some things and finally a microphone attached to a
tube came from the
ceiling.

        In front of the hovering Ryoko came a holo-monitor with Washuu's
image and a voice.
"Ryoko, how'd that happen?!?" Ryoko was shocked herself, but then the fans
dragged her off
some where. Washuu's monitor was determined to follow.

        "I don't know Washuuuuuuu---!" Ryoko screeched, large tears running
from her eyes.
Washuu gulped again. Ryoko was off again. Washuu then bleeped out the
monitor so she could
go back to finding a cure to the effects of the fans, and she had to drag in
the body of Tenchi...

        Tenchi's body lay motionless on a cold metal table in a darker part
of Washuu's lab. He
was completely naked except a white cloth over the part from his upper hips
to his mid-thighs.
His face was getting a sunken look and all of his skin was discolored. He
did'nt look very alive.
Acutally, he was'nt alive. Washuu did'nt have the technology to bring him
alive. So, it was time
to dress him, and bury him. Washuu had figured out why the fans did'nt work,
a very strong bug
from one of her university enemies had been sent into the fan's circuts.
Washuu quickly built a
strong anti-bug droid to go and de-bug the fans, then to take them out of
Ryoko's hands. The
droid had to be very fast and strong...anyways it was just another big
science ordeal...that
Washuu did'nt care about bragging about right now. She was now standing over
Tenchi's dead
body. "Oh God..." She wispered. "It's all my fault..." She hissed to no one
else but herself. Then
a voice from behind her says: "No, it's not." Washuu gasps and turns around.
It was Ryoko,
hovering behind her. "Ryoko..." Washuu began, putting a hand on her
daughter's shoulder. "It
was'nt your fault either, don't start that, because you had no choice, I
made those disfuctional
fans..."
"No, I did the dirty deed, Washuu, it's my fault Tenchi's not here."
"No, no, it's my fault, I made the fans..."
"Oh Washuu, no---" Ryoko began to tear up. Washuu turned to her. "Oh Ryoko!"
Washuu said
and held the sobbing Ryoko in her arms, this time, Washuu had transformed
herself in her adult
form. Washuu began brushing back Ryoko's hair. "It's okay, Little-Ryoko..."
Ryoko kept
crying, not caring about her image, just the fact that Tenchi was gone and
that she was alone...or
atleast left with, the girls.

        Aeka held a scarf that once belonged to Tenchi in two tender hands.
She looked at it
with a half smile, and her eyes full of sweetness yet sadness, as if she
did'nt want to cry, as if she
was trying to force herself to be happy. "You know--" She spoke, as if she
truely thought she
was talking to Tenchi. "It does'nt feel like your dead..." She ran her thumb
over the softness of
the scarf."Not at all, it's not possible.." She looks up at the ceiling
"It's like, you've gone to the
store for some herbs Sasami needs for dinner, and you'll be back any minute
now--" Aeka
pressed the scarf to her chest. "Any minute now..." She bites her bottom
lips and lays down on
her futon, a light wind playing with the leaves outside her window. She
could almost swear she
hears Tenchi call out her name. She gets up, still holding the scarf and
runs to the window,
slinging it open. "Lord Tenchi?" She asks, her eyebrows upwards in
confusion, her head
weaving back and fourth looking for her would-be bow. "Tenchi--?" She asks
one more time.
"...Aeka..." She turns. "Oh, it's just you." She replys. There in the door
way is Kiyone, her sea
blue eyes kind, her arms folded. "Come on, dinner's ready." She says,
thumbing towards the
hallway. Aeka looks down at the floor, the scarf still in one hand. "I'm not
all that hungry right
now..." Kiyone shrugs and walks back down the hall way. Aeka sits back down
on the floor
near her pillow. Aeka stairs up at the ceiling for the remainder of that
hour, thinking of all the
fond memories she had with Tenchi.

        Sasami was in the "Cave of the Demon", crying her eyes out. "Come
baaaaaaaaaaack!"
She cried. She sniffled and wiped the tears away for a moment just the let
new ones come
through. She was now leaning up against a large rock near the drop you go
into to get into
Ryoko's tomb. Ryo-ohki was mewing over and over in protest to the crying,
trying to cheer up
Sasami. Sasami began to hyperventilate and spasam as her tears flowed, the
little cabbit began
to worry. Was this what happened when humans died? Every one gets sick?
"Meooooow." The
cabbit protested. She then rubbed up on Sasami. "O-oh Ry-Ryo-ohki, it-it's
okay!" Sasami
said, scooping up the cabbit as she sniffled and tried to catch her breath.
Sasami snuggled her
face into Ryo-ohki's fur. "Sorry." She whispered in the kitten's ear.
"Tenchi's off on a trip and
he's having fun with lots of other people on the same trip..." The cabbit
meowed in question. "I
don't know when he'll be back, Ryo-ohki, maybe never..."

        Yosho walked out on the porch of the shrine, there was his mother,
the queen. "Yosho,
we should bury the boy, the Jurain way." Yosho bowed his head. "Yes." Yosho
said solemnly.
Yosho was in his young man form, his hair black, his fore head carrying a
jewel of Jurai. A
single tear crawled around the edge of his acheing left eye, then slid down
his cheek. "Oh,
Yosho..." The woman in front of him was worried. "I hav'nt seen you this
upset since--"
"Since Achika." He said his voice shakey with a bit of rasp in it. "Come,
let's prepare for the
ceramony..." Yosho spoke, then the two began the long walk down the steps
towards the
house.

A Week Later...
        Ryoko held her breath for what seemed like hours though it was only
about a minute.
Washuu held her hand, like a mother holding her small child's hand before
crossing the street.
Ryoko's other hand was over her own mouth, hopeing that the dizziness would
go away. She
had gotten sick ealier today, she did'nt know what that was about, Washuu
explained it was
probably a side effect of the fans. Aeka stood between Yosho and her father.
She closed her
eyes and zoned out as far as possible. She did'nt want to beleive Tenchi was
dead, she did'nt
want to see his dead body in the glass Jurain cascket, she did'nt want to
beleive any of it. Yosho
wraped his arm around her shoulders and squeezed her hard. He was in his
older form but she
knew this was her brother, her loving brother, hugging her and careing for
her. Her father ran his
hand down her hair as she sniffled and held back her tears. Not only did her
love die, but so did
a part of her. Sasami was with her mother, her mother was on the other side
of the king. They
were hugging each other. Ryo-ohki was on Sasami's shoulder meowing,
confused. She still had
that infant intelligance. She still thought Tenchi was on a trip. Mihoshi
was sobbing loudly on
Kiyone's shoulder on the low legged couch near Tenchi's cascket. Kiyone
patted her shoulder
and tried to coo her to a calm state. Naboyuki was weeping in his own hands,
being comforted
by Yosho's mother, they both were on the other side of the cascket. Azaka
and Kamedake
were inside near the door, watching it in case anything happened. A Jurian
priest then stood up
from the shadows of the sitting room, and stood in the middle of the
cascket. He had a long
white robe and draped sheet-like cloth over his head and the sides of his
face, showing only his
mouth and eyes. He said a long winded prayer in some foreign laungage, a
book open in his
hand, bowed, then said one foreign word, and closed the book. Only Aeka,
Yosho, Sasami,
and the Queens and King understood what he said. "Let us take the body out
to the lake..." The
man said. It was by the ancient custom to bury royality deep in the nearest
family lake.

        The see-through glass cascket was now sinking to the middle of the
lake's bottom. They
had put metal weights on it. Every one was on the shore of the lake watching
it slowly drift
downwards. Every one was thinking the same thing. This is'nt happening. Then
it began to rain.

        Aeka sat on her futon brushing out her hair. Her tooth still hurt
but she could'nt feel it
that much. She knew Tenchi was dead but she could'nt cry any more. Her long
purple hair was
draped out on the futon cusion, her crown and clips were on the floor by the
futon. There was a
knock at the door. "Yes, come in." Aeka replyed. Ryoko phased through the
door. "Ryoko?"
Aeka asked. Ryoko bowed her head, her eyes were shadowed from tears and her
face was
heavy from the sickness. "Hey Aeka..." She hovered over to her futon, but
sat down on
Sasami's. "It's been a rough day for every one...I'm not good at
condolencies, but I thought
you'd want to talk to somebody." Ryoko put her hand over her mouth as if
holding back
something then held her head high. Aeka smiled. "Thank you, Miss Ryoko. Your
very kind. I
see your still sick?"
"Yeah....I'll be alright though." Ryoko gave a queezy smile. Aeka sighed. "I
can't feel
anything....am I odd for this?"
"No. I don't know you, because it's your own personality, but, Aeka, it's
just your reaction..."
"I just feel I should morn more."
"It does'nt matter how much, we all morn in our own way..." Aeka nodded
letting the words
sink in. "Oh Ryoko..." Aeka's eyes glittered with tears. Ryoko put her hands
on Aeka's
shoulders. "If you want a shoulder to cry on, you can have mine." She said,
her dark golden
eyes glowing with warmth. Tears sprang from Ryoko's eyes silently as Aeka
shoved herself into
Ryoko's chest. "There there..." Ryoko whispered. Ryoko patted Aeka's back
and the two sat
there, entangled in a morning mass for Tenchi's love for hours.

        Washuu took the sake from it's cup, her light green eyes glowing
behind their closed
lids. She was a bit tipsy, she admited to herself, but not enough for any
one's concern. A dark
tunnel opened in mid-air next to her head and then out popped a screen.
"Greatest Genius in the
Universe, Little-Washuu?" It asked, there was a face on it very familiar.
"Yes?" She asked, not
looking up, only down at the liquid before her. "I'm sorry to disturb, but
did you destroy the "Pyi
Pyi" Virus that took over most of our electronic area and some of yours just
a few days ago?"
"Yes I did, now go away."
"What's troubiling you?"
"It's family matters, now go away."
"Right, good day, ma'am." And the screen bleeped away in a swirl of black
liquid-like mist.
Washuu stared at the far off tank facing her. It was filled with dark blue
water and gorgeous fish
from all over the cosmos swam through it. What was this house with out
Tenchi? Thought
Washuu. When you broke down that pillar. Sure, he once went to Tokyo, and
left them
temporarily, but they knew he'd come back, and they could VISIT, now they
could'nt. And that
was the point, was'n it? They could never see him again. He was far far away
forever. Would
they split up, would they get depressed, would they....they. Like the group
would turn into one
giant thing as a whole. Their all different people for God's sake! Washuu
laid her pink-haired
head on the metal hovering table in the large echoing room. She was tired
now.


        Some where half across space, Nagi the bounty hunter sat at the
local bar, eating thin
salted chips and drinking on something she could'nt pronounce. Her soft
purple spiked hair
tumbled down across her shrouded shoulders. Then a white cabbit came running
into the bar,
looking up to her. "Meow, meow meow!" He said, his large eyes full of
determination. Nagi
gave him a soft look. "Oh alright, let's go to Earth, Ken-ohki." She got up
and threw fifteen
Jurain gold coins at the bartender. The man caught them in a jar with swift
percision. The two
headed out the door swiftly, off to Earth.

To be Continued---
Real SOON!