No Need for ANOTHER Girl from Space!! - Chapter 2: More Sense of Saquoyato


BTW, I failed to mention last chapter that I, by no means, own any of the
original Tenchi chars or plots. I made up Saquoy (and I wuv her!) and the
plot, ,but thats it. Sorry! ^.^ Now for Chapter 2!

       Saquoyato was amazing! Tenchi had never dreamed she would be so,
,there was no other word for it, amazing! She got along with each girl! She
often spent her time in Washu's lab, helping conduct experiments. She
watched, and enjoyed, ,all Mihoshi's shows, right down to Space Police
Policemen! She taught Sasami how to make fabulous dishes, and she and Ayeka
began sewing a quilt for Tenchi's bed! Not only that,  but she was helping
Ryoko modify Ryoko's red laser sword! And she was even planning to join
Tenchi in working in the carrot patch! Tenchi's head spun as he thought of
how wonderful life had become since Saquoy and arrived...
       However...
       Then there was Kiyone.
       Saquoy made no effort to do things with Kiyone at all, and vice
versa.
No one in the Masaki household knew Saquoy's past, ,so Tenchi wondered if
there was any connection between Kiyone and Saquoy...
       He decided to ask her.
       One day.
       If he could work up the nerve...
       There was also the fact that Tenchi had taken the plunge. He'd gone
and let himself fall for the new girl. Now, if you live in a house of women
who fight daily for the same man,  the only man, and that man is you, that's
a bad idea. But Tenchi couldn't help it. There was just something about her
that made him go weak in the knees...
       Then... it happened.
       Kiyone cracked.
       It was a normal day, if you can call those days normal, when it
happened. Tenchi was walking up the steps when Kiyone jumped out of a
closet,
,grabbed him, and pulled him in too, locking the door behind them. Tenchi
made a desprate move to the door but Kiyone blockes him.
       "Tenchi, I need to talk to you about Saquoyato!"
       "What is it, Kiyone?"
       "She...she... she's here to kill me!"
       "WHAT!?"

Yeah, I leave you at a suspenseful moment. But as Willy Wonka says, "The
suspense is terrible!...I hope it lasts." Dont forget, ,you can email me
ideas or what you think of the story. I'd really appreciate them! Tee hee
hee!
