 Disclaimer:  Tenchi Universe is the property of Pioneer Inc. and AIC and there 
associates. I claim no rights or profits from this writing.



Writers note: This is my first attempt at fan fiction and I hope you like it.




                       No Need For " The Long Road "

  It hung in space like a jewel. Slowly turning, the light of the glaring sun 
reflecting off its red hued hull. It twinkled in the night sky like a far 
distant star. But it was not very far at all relatively speaking. Moving in a 
high orbit around the earth it spun silently; as if waiting.
All was dark out side the space ship Yugame. No running lights or sensor output; 
not even the bridge lights were on. 
 Inside was the same, all lights where off and all energy output was set at 
minimum. On the bridge the only instrument working was an indicator of level of 
battery power remaining.
All was quiet except the faint echoes of a grunt followed by a series of gasps.
 "Is that it Kiyone? Did you get it?" Asked detective Mihoshi to her partner.  
"No, Mihoshi try it again, replied detective Kiyone. And once again the grunts 
of effort and gasps of exertion expelled as muscles strained to gain their goal.
 On the engine room deck laid the two Galaxy police officers, their legs 
sticking out from under an uplifted access panel. Officers Mihoshi and Kiyone 
strained with effort to move their large torque tools.
 "Sigh, it's not working Mihoshi," said Kiyone removing her tool and setting it 
on the deck.
Getting angry she slapped at the mechanism they where working on, "Why wont you 
budge? Not even what Washu gave us made it do anything! Arrrg!" 
 "Ya, replied Mihoshi. Poor Tenchi sprained his shoulder on it yesterday and 
Ryoko nearly had a fit trying to move it."
 "Ya I know, and she bent it out of place too, remarked Kiyone." 
 "Why can't we just cut it off with the welder?" Asked Mihoshi for the fifth 
time. "I told you because it right below the the plasma injectors; even the heat 
could cause a internal combustion eruption that would end any chance of use 
getting the ship moving again!" Spat Kiyone thoroughly agitated now. 
"If we don't get this ship moving within three days those American shuttle 
pilots are sure to see us. And won't that be a pretty sight? Not only would we 
be causing an global incident we would be breaking one of galaxy polices most 
sacred trusts not to let underdeveloped worlds to know or apprehend our 
Technology." Pausing she sighed and thought. 
 Mihoshi, not liking her friend and partner being so upset, chewed on her lower 
lip thinking on what would cheer her up at this point. So far today she has 
snapped at her for every attempt to brighten her mood. She was on a one-track 
mindset, and when she gets this way you can only help her accomplish the task or 
get out of her way.
 Kiyone spoke up again and said with a sigh, "we will have to destroy the ship 
if it comes to that. If we set the charges right all parts of the ship would 
burn up in the atmosphere. And nothing would be left for them to study. 
Unfortunately we would be stranded on earth till the galaxy police came to 
investigate. We will have to send a message to them with the last of the energy 
reserve. Does that sound like the right thing to do?" Kiyone asked with a tremor 
in her voice for what she was planning to do to her ship.
 Mihoshi has been maneuvering herself into a better position as she said, "Why 
don't we move this big cylinder thing out of our way so we can get at it better? 
Maybe we can get it off then."
Mihoshi moved her hand toward a small control panel and began punching a few 
buttons before Kiyone realized what she meant to do and shouted, "NNNooo"!
  Mihoshi pushed the last button just as Kyone shouted. Then the release clamps 
let go and a hiss of air and black dust escaped from the clamps causing Mihoshi 
and Kiyone to cough. 
With a strangled cough Kiyone shouted "Mihoshi"! And Mihoshi replied with her 
usual, "I'm sorry, Cough Cough."
 Then the large cylinder that was hanging down between the two women dropped to 
the deck. The clamp end of the cylinder was right by Kiyone's head when it hit 
the deck with a load clang and spewed forth it continence of black dust from 
inside it. Both women where scrambling for the opening to get away from the 
choking dust. Mihoshi was out first and turning to help her partner when her 
foot hit the release button on the access panels support bar. 
Down fell the heavy shielded access panel right onto Kiyone head?
"AAAHHWWWUUU" cried Kiyone from behind the closed panel. 
Mihoshi pulled on the panel release and lifted it up, calling all the while.                     
"Kiyone, are you all right? I'm sorry Kiyone. Really."
Kiyone was rubbing her head as she glared at Mihoshi with misty eyes that where 
beginning to tear. Her forehead was covered in a big splotch of black dust that 
stuck to it like flower and fell over her nose and cheeks in a sprinkling of 
dust. Kiyone let Mihoshi give her a hand up before pushing her hand away.
 Kiyone stormed out of the engine room still coughing and clearing her throat 
before rounding on Mihoshi, who was following her in a similar manner while 
trying to apologize between coughs.
Shouting Kiyone asked "What where you thinking! Do you have any idea what this 
stuff is;" knowing full well that Mihoshi should know?
As expected, Mihoshi replied "Uhmmm...No".
 Kiyone answered for her "its plasma purifying filter agent! When Mihoshi 
continued to give her a Blank look she sighed and said, imagine if this was 
electrically charged it would have baked us to the bone in seconds!"
 "Yiiggh. Mihoshi replied now trying to shake off the black dust that was 
covering her hands. I'm sorry Kiyone."
 "AUGH, I've had it with you Mihoshi!"
 "I'm sorry. Hay where are you going?"
 Kiyone had turned around and was headed down the corridor, activating a 
flashlight from her utility belt. Kiyone said nothing in reply to her partner. 
Moving briskly she nearly flew down the corridor. She had forgotten that without 
power they had no gravity either, except for the spin they had set for Yugame to 
do before shutting down providing minimal gravity. Her foot touched the floor 
again and she continued at a more controlled pace. When she got to her quarters 
she start stuffing things into a carrier bag.
Mihoshi followed her apologizing all the way. When they got to Kyone's she 
stopped at the door." Kiyone? What are you doing?" 
In a very vexed voice Kiyone replied, "I'm going to Tenchi's. I need to clean up 
and cool down."
 "I'll go with you Kiyone! We could use a break and it would be fun in the 
bathhouse. And we could relax..."
 "You're not coming with me Mihoshi." Kiyone said turning around and heading 
toward her. Pushing past her and into the corridor. "I need a break from you 
most of all. And don't follow me either." And Kiyone headed aft toward the 
hanger bay, leaving Mihoshi in the dark.
 Mihoshi watched her partner move away from her with the light of the flashlight 
creating a nimbus around her that was shrinking and fading. The tears started 
falling unbidden. She could not help it. Not even her galaxy police training 
could help stop her emotionally extreme personality. She moved running after her 
partner calling,"Kiyone don't leave me! BooHoo I'm sorry! Boohoo! Wwhhaaa! 
Ouch." Forgetting about the light gravity Mihoshi's momentum moved her flying 
off of the floor and up to the ceiling where she hit her head to ricocha back 
down to the floor with a thump.
 Now on her rump she nursed a bruised knee. There she tried one last time, 
"Kyone! Please, don't leave me."
 Kyone switched off her flashlight with the first sound of pursuit and continued 
to navigate through the ship in the dark. Fortunately, Kiyone thought, they 
where in the dark. For Mihoshi could not see the hesitation in her steps or the 
slump in her shoulders or the useless gesture of looking back over her shoulder 
at the fading sound of Mihoshi crying.
"Forgive me Mehoshi," she said to the dark, though she doubted that it would 
carry so far that Mihoshi could hear. "But I'm doing this for your own good; I 
hope. You have got to learn to cope without me. You have done it before; do it 
again. I've tried everything else." Kiyone had reached the docking bay and hoped 
into the shuttle. She activated the sequences for launch, minding to change the 
code for the launch bay door so Mihoshi could not follow in the second shuttle. 
With a black streaked face and a last worried look at the door she pushed the 
throttle forward and was gone.           
                                                *
 Hearing the shuttle coming down from orbit Ayeka got up from her chair to meet 
her friends at the door. When only Kiyone walked around the corner of the house 
Ayeka was surprised and shocked at what she saw. 
"Oh My, aren't you a sight. What happened Kiyone? And where is Mihoshi?"
 "I left her on the Yugame. She replied in a voice that still held an edge of 
temper. It's a long story. I just came down to wash up and be away from her for 
a while."
 "MMM.....I see ,Ayeka said in her regally formal tone. Would you like some 
company in the bath?"
 "Sure Ayeka." The two women walked into the house and up the stairs to the 
bathroom. "Give me a second will you, while I get my things" said Ayeka. "Ya 
I'll wait." Kiyone moved into the bathroom and took a look at herself in the 
mirror. Augh, I am a sight." Getting some tissue she started whipping away the 
excess black powder when a nasally voice spoke from the hallway. "Plasma 
filtering agent, right?"
 "Oh, Hi little Washu. Ya, she got it all over me didn't she?"
 "Yep, she certainly did. I hope she didn't break anything else.
Do you mind if I join you? I've been keeping strange hours lately and I could 
really use a bath." Kiyone turned her attention to Washu to see she was all 
ready with her bathrobe on. " Sure, that's ok with me."
Ayeka joined them in the hall "Hello Miss Washu, are we all ready?" The three 
women turned and marched into the bath.
 Washu, the most genius scientific mind in the universe, or so she claimed and 
would not let anybody forget it. Had made it so if any woman opened the door to 
the bath it would open into an alternate dimensional pocket with a large royal-
like bathhouse instead of the normal household bathroom.
 While Kiyone got undressed Ayeka made some preparations? Getting a bucket of 
water for Kiyone and then pulling out a bottle of sake she filled the three sake 
pitchers for after the bath when they would just sit and soak and relax.
Instead of starting her own wash she got another bucket of hot water and moved 
back to Kyone. "Would you like me to do your hair Kiyone?" Ayeka asked. Kiyone 
smiled up at her and said, "OK".
 Ayeka had brought many little traditions from Juri that she placed in doing at 
the Misaki household.
Reyoko teased her about it but not too much since she enjoyed some of them. One 
tradition was for a host to wash the hair of a guest. This tradition has mostly 
gone out of style, even on Juri, or updated for servants to do. But Ayekas 
mother insisted she learn and practice it the old way. She said it taught 
humility to the host and brought the guest closer into the home at the same 
time. Ayeka agreed with her mother on this point after a while and now insisted 
that it be done when the occasion warrants it. 
 Despite all the differences that their motley crew had, believe it or not, they 
where a family. They each proved it if at not other time than when they each 
returned to the earth after the Kagato incident. When they each got promotions 
or fame, fortune or whatever they wanted. Then to discover that it wasn't what 
they wanted at all.
Since then Ayeka worked hard as a kind of glue to keep their family together and 
close.
 As Ayeka washed Kiyone's hair she looked over her shoulder to view Kiyone 
trying to wash her vermilion hued tiara-like headband. Ayeka asked, "Kiyone, I 
recognize that your tiara is of the maliky family. But I cannot for the life of 
me figure out what branch."
With a bit of a smirk Kiyone replied, "you could say we are a shirt tail branch. 
We are the lowest of the noble houses. We don't even control an entire 
continent. I'm sorry Ayeka, that was my father talking. He was always grumbling 
about the family statues. He was part of the reason I left. I didn't have any 
school friends; they all treated me,(pause)different. It made me so made at 
times. It made me try that much harder to prove myself so they would like me for 
what I was capable of not for who I was.
 And when my father told me what he expected of me to do for the sake of the 
family.
Right then I made my decision to break away from all that. I defied my father 
and forsake my heritage. This is all that I have left of it," she said holding 
up her tofa headband.
 "Even though my father forgave me when I graduated from the galaxy police 
academy. He was so proud of me when I graduated 2nd in my class."
 Ayeka always felt that their shared noble heritage was one of the reasons they 
where close friends, even though they never really discussed it till now. And 
now she felt even closer to her. Seeing a reflection of herself within her 
friend. Even if only in spirit. 
Ayeka did not break away and forsake* her heritage; not yet anyway. When she 
left Juri she invoked on of the most ancient rights as a noble. A quest of love. 
The ancient laws did not state the quested need be a man or woman. And with one 
of the best known myths as a way of backing up her claim she set off.
But all she really has done was buy her some time. Time to win Tenchis heart. 
But as time went on she finally realized and accepted that if it came to that 
she would forsake it.
 "That's fascinating Kiyone but why don't we talk about what's really bothering 
you." The two women turned to look at Washu who was by now done with her bath 
and had set the tray of sake in the heated water to warm to a more proper 
drinking temperature as she waited for them.
 Complying with Washu's unspoken suggestion they joined her. "So let me gess. 
Mehoshi is the problem right." 
Neither Ayeka nor Kiyone said anything. 
"So tell me Kiyone, how is one of the best that the galaxy police can offer get 
hooked up to one of the worst?"
 "Ms.Washu! Cried Princess Ayeka, mind your manners. Kiyone came here to get 
away from thinking about Mihoshi."
 It was true Kiyone did not want to talk about Mihoshi but she did feel the need 
to talk. She gulped down her second cup of sake before speaking. "its OK Ayeka. 
Maybe it will make me feel better. I know the question has been asked many times 
but I just never had an answer for it."
 "It starts some years before I was assigned as Mihoshis partner. According to 
her record she graduated from the galaxy police academy in the top third of her 
class. I've come to hear rumors that some of her classmate believed she 
graduated so high because her grandfather is the grand marshal. However further 
study of her record shows that she was one of the best young officers on the 
force."
 "So what happened to her", inquired Washu?  
 "Even the reports of what happened could not explain it. And Mihoshi's 
testimony at the inquiry proved unenlightening. Her medical records stated that 
she was having a mental block around those events."
"It was to be an easy setup to hook a smalltime slimball. But something went 
horribly wrong."
 "I have a theory of what it was, but I cannot confirm anything."
"First Mihoshi was on her third partner, the others had requested to be 
reassigned. Irreconcilable differences it said."
"I talked to one of her old classmate friends that she still talks to one in a 
while and she said that Heroshito her third partner and Mihoshi where an item. 
She could not confirm it but she said that Mihoshi was acting like a girl in 
love."
"And then the incident happened. Her partner was killed and Mihoshi nearly so. 
She was put on leave to recover from her wounds but when she came back she 
refused a new partner. And her record as a great detective slipped. To be honest 
it went strait down hill. Then she had some kind of a breakdown. She passed out 
in the corridor of police HQ."
"I had dug up a taped session with my section chief and the head medical doctor 
about Mihoshi, and that's where I got suckered in."
"The chief med. said that Officer Mihoshi was suffering from an acute mental 
lapse caused by stress and overexertion."
"Aauu..And in lay mans terms that is?" Inquired Ayeka.
 Washu spoke up,"that means that Mihoshi was working at top speed pushing 
herself to her limits. That's fine but if it is overdone or a tragedy happens to 
the person they may suffer a mental break down. Becoming a mere shadow of their 
former selves. Mihoshi must be very lucky for being diagnosed as an acute case. 
Over 90 % of such cases must change their lifestyle to a less stressful one, 
never to reach their peak proficiency again. The symptoms vary from person to 
person but the most common ones are loss of mental capacity, mental block around 
certain events, and disjointed brain function or scatter brain."
" Well that sounds like Mihoshi, Ayeka put in sipping another cup of sake, poor 
dear."
" Ya well, The chief med. instead of calling for a release of Mihoshi from 
active service he pulled out some Documentation with higher HQ approval."
 "He said he cold kill two birds with one stone.With that document."
"He said that he had seen too many young officers killed or released from active 
service because they where too eager to advance and literally got burned out one 
way or another."
"He had the authority to assign Mihoshi to one of these potential burnout 
officers, as he called it, in order to help reorient Mihoshi in a more positive 
environment and to curb a potential burnout by giving them someone else to think 
about." 
"His words," Kiyone emphasized with a finger; "more like to baby sit if you ask 
me. And the sergeant picked me out of a list of names."
" Sigh, Ooh why did it have to be me?"
 "It sounds like to me you did some pretty though work in assembling all that 
data. If memory serves me right personnel files are not available to just 
anybody let alone security tapes" said Washu with an inquisitively raised 
eyebrow.
With a slightly sarcastic smirk Kiyone said, "well I would not be a good 
detective if I could not acquire secure documents and items. Part of police 
training is learning how a thief thinks and his techniques."
 "That's quite the tale Kiyone, but it still doesn't tell us what is bothering 
you."
<Dam Washu, why are you being so pushy and inquisitive?> Kiyone asked herself.
< it is because you do not like that witch you have done and your feeling 
guilty> Her continence said.
She took several moments to gather herself and think about how to reply. Finally 
she just out and said it.
"I left her up there. Alone, and in the dark. I convinced myself that it was for 
her own good. That she has to learn to cope without me like I know she can. So I 
abandoned her and made sure she could not follow." She sniveled as the feelings 
of guilt washed over her.
"How could I be so cruel?"
 "There now Kiyone, I'm sure everything is just fine." Ayeka said comforting her 
friend with a pat on the shoulder. She probably found a corner and fell asleep. 
I don't think you need to worry about her too much. I'm sure she will forgive 
you when you see her next."
"Ya, your probably right Ayeka." Standing up and getting out of the water she 
remarked, "I'm going to call her." Raping a towel around her muscle toned form 
she began to rummage through her belongings for her G.P.Cube.
 "Well now, stated Washu, I knew a little shove would do the trick."
 "You new about all this?" asked Ayeka.
 " No not the details but I new something was on her mind. And the best way to 
solve it is to talk about it. Else it might fester."
 Kiyone waited while the cube sent out its call. She placed it on the bench and 
knelt down in front of it.
Finally the cube flickered and a holo screen appeared above it, with Mihoshis' 
face. 
 "Hi kiyone", Mehoshi beamed with a big smile.
 "Mihoshi, Kiyone began, I..I'm sorry for running out on you like that. I feel 
awful about it."
 "Oh that's OK, you where just upset. Hay guess what?"
Kiyone smiled at her friend's willingness to just blow it off as nothing. But it 
faded with sinking dread as she replied "What did you do?"
 "I got it off"; she said holding a trapezoidal looking metal box. Jumping up 
and down on her heals made it hard to see but there was no mistake, their it 
was. The thing that had been causing so much tension and anxiety for the past 
two days was finally off.
Kiyone went wide-eyed with shock and wide grin followed. Even Washus head spun 
around for this news.
Ayeka was taken off guard and sputtered on a sip of sake.
 "That's great, Replied Kiyone. How did you do it?"
 "Welll when you left I went to get some food. Food always makes me feel better. 
Anyway then I tried to take a nap but it was too cold. So I decided to clean up 
the mess in the engine room. While cleaning out the crawl space I noticed that 
the regulator module had a pinhole burned in the bottom of it. As it was we 
would not have been able to see that with the plasma filter manifold blocking 
our view. And so I checked that and sure enough there is a whole in the top of 
that. So both peace's need to be replaced. Then I got to thinking about what you 
said Kiyone." 
"Yaknow about how the filter agent could burn us to the bone." 
 She paused to stick her tongue out in a sickly yuck face expression. "And then 
I remembered you said we could not weld it off cause it would cause an internal 
combustion explosion. But something tickled the back of my mind and so I got the 
manual and put in a search pattern." 
 She held up the compu-data pad in front of her to show a diagram. It shows here 
that the regulator has an internal mechanical sensor for plasma flow. And it 
warns here that if this breaks down nothing short of a repair starbase can fix 
the whole system since the regulator would be stuck in one position. 
Particularly if it was stuck in the open position. 
 But, we are kinda desperate right now and have no access for a repair base. So 
I looked up the filter agent and it said that it burns really hot but also it 
produces no heat or flame. Its kinda like an acid. And since we flushed the 
system of plasma yesterday. I though I'd..."
 "No Mihoshi tell me you didn't," cried Kiyone.
 "Um, well, ya I did. And it came off!" Mihoshi was giggling again bouncing on 
her tows. 
Kiyone looked like she did not know whether to cry or get angry when she looked 
to Washu who was sitting down beside her.
 "That was brilliant Mihoshi. I couldn't have any better", said Washu. 
 "Ah wow, thanks Little Washu."
 "We will send Kiyone back up to you right away so you two can finish repairs."
 "OK bye I see ya later". Then the holoscreen winked out.
Kiyone finding her voice again asked, "is that true? Is my ship OK?"
 Washu had already waved a hand and her holocomputer appeared. She started 
tapping keys. "Scans show the Yugame is fit and undamaged. See take a look for 
your self Kiyone."
 "But what does this mean, is Mihoshi suddenly back to normal? Asked Kiyone.
Washu taped a long series of keys and looked at the data on here screen.
 "I have compiled a listing on incidences where Mihoshi said something 
intelligent. Cross-referencing that she is a recovering mental laps patent. My 
data shows that she will not recover for 30 to 50 years."
 "30 to 50 years!?" Cried Kiyone. "Oh no, why me."
 "Now, now, don't get all uptight about it. It's only relative and theory, I 
could be way off the mark."
Washu taped some more keys on the holocomputer.
 "However this last one is a whopper; adding that to the mix and assuming she 
has at least one of these lukred spells per year Mihoshi will potentially 
recover in 5 to 10 years."
 "I know it's still a long road ahead of her but she is getting better."
This brightened Kiyone a little but set her thinking.
 "Kiyone, do you really want to be ride of Mihshi? I thought she was your best 
friend". Ayeka knelt down on Kiyones other side and waited for an answer.
 With a big sigh Kiyone said, "yes she is. Its just I'm so career minded and she 
is not at all. And all those annoying habits, the ditzy scatter brain klutz."
"Sigh, but despite all that she is my best friend."
 "Don't feel too bad about it," Ayeka said trying to cheer her friend. 
"Protecting the princess of juri must have a good mark on your record. Plus 
Tenchi might still become emperor someday and that would make you very popular."
 Smiling to her friend for her words she said,"I thought I wanted a high paying 
desk job at G.P.HQ. Since that's the way the higherarchy works but, its not what 
I really wanted. Here on earth is where I feel I belong. I'm not going anywhere 
Ayeka. I just wish I could work for another promotion."
 "Well get a load of this, Washu put in while getting her robe on. Hardly a year 
gone by as a sergeant and already bucking for another promotion." 
Washu turned to go and spoke over her shoulder, "don't let your head get too big 
for your hat Kiyone."
 "I better get moving. With the regulator off fixing the Yugomi will be a snap."
Quickly dressing Kiyone walked out of the bath and down the stairs with Ayeka on 
her heels.
 "When you and Mihoshi get back why don't we have a celebration?" "That sounds 
like a great idea Ayeka."
They meet sasami at the bottom of the stairs,"Hello Kiyone, I made some lunch 
for you and Mihoshi.
Sasami was holding a basket up for Kiyone who replied, "thank you Sasami, that 
was sweet of you."
"I'll see you later, bye." Kiyone went out the door as Reyoko phased in right 
behind Ayeka. "What this I hear about a party" she asked a little loud making 
Ayeka jump.
 Ayeka spun around with a vexed expression on her face to face a now chuckling 
Reyoko. "My, jumpy aren't we?" Commented Reyoko with a mirthful smile.
 "It figures you would show up at the mention of a celebration." Ayeka said with 
a slight tremor of hysteria in her voice. The warning sign that she was ready 
for a fight.
 "Hay you walked into the room I was in, talking about it. I didn't do anything 
wrong". Reyoko replied back with her back up and hands on hips.
 Sasami turn around and walked back to the kitchen rolling her eyes. She spoke 
as she went not caring if either or nether of the women heard. "You two would 
argue about anything."
                                          *
 Tenchi walked through the front door of his home with Reyo-oki on his shoulder 
like so many days before. But he was not prepared for the sight he saw this 
time. He called from the door "Hi, I'm home".
He received a mixture of replies with a lot of extra commotion.
 "Is he here already?" "Is it that late already". "Oh my, this will not do." 
When he turned the corner into the living room he saw four sets of eyes, all 
bloodshot inside four reddish faces all looking at him. Three empty bottles of 
sake sat on the living room table and a fourth and largest bottle cradled in 
Reyoko's arms like if it where a baby.
Reyoko's hand shot up with a wave and a "yuuhoo Tenchi."
Giving Tenchi a wink and then blowing him a kiss.
 "I'd pop over and give you zomething but ...I don't think I can move", Reyoko 
said with a crazy grin on her drunken face. Ayeka was a little better though she 
was using the easy chair she was sitting in as a prop to lean against as she 
stood."Good ehvening Lord tenzi".
Tenchi just smiled and waved to everybody "hi everybody, what's all this?"
 Mihoshi used the back of the couch as a prop to get up and turn around as she 
said "I fixed the Yugomi Ten..woohaa." Mihoshi lost her balance and did a 
faceplant into the couch cushion right next to her. All four women laughed and 
even tenchi could not help a grin. Sasami came out of the kitchen at this point, 
"Tenchi hello, welcome home."
"Thanks sasami, what's going on here?" 
"They're having a celebration for fixing the Yugame; I think they over did 
it."Sasami gave her older sister, who was trying to compose herself behind her 
sleave, a disapproving look. Ayeka saw this and lost her composure and started 
giggling again, then lost her balance on her leaning perch. She fell backwards 
back onto the easy chair sideways. Her legs dangling across the armrest.
 Reyoko laughed hysterically at Ayeka and Mihoshi and Kiyone could not help but 
do the same. Ayeka struggled in the chair but could not seem to get out of the 
precarious position.
 Sasami went over to help her sister saying to all of them, "Dinner will be 
ready soon. And you need to wash up and sober up." "Wahooo."
Waving her hand in front of her face to clear away the smell she got off from 
her sisters breath she added, "and brush your teeth while you're at it." Moving 
back to the kitchen she said over her shoulder, "I'll bring out some coffee and 
bread & butter for you first."
"Thank you sazzami"called Ayeka, Kiyone and Mihoshi.
Reyoko was lazily watching Tenchi with her head on the couch backrest 
looking like she might doze off.
Tenchi took this opportunity to move up the stairs to his room. He meets his 
father Nobuyuki at the top of the stairs."Hi dad."
"Tenchi." "Its nice to see the girls getting along and bonding like this. Makes 
me think that they are not so different from men. And then they go and sober up 
and get mysterious again."
"Well one good thing will come out of this I think. It's going to be quiet night 
for a change. I could use it, I got a lot of homework tonight." 
"Well then, Nobuyuki said raising his coffee cup, here's to small blessings."

                  End










 









 



