Tenchi Muyo: No Need For Multiple Continuities

Chapter 3

by

Weber-san



Standard Disclaimer: All of the characters appearing within are the property 
of AIC and Pioneer, and are used without permission. One of the ideas found 
within was given to me by Peter Suzuki, from the end of his story “Ruby Red, 
Cat-Like Eyes”, but how it turns out will be entirely my fault. Please don’t 
sue, I’m not making money on this, and it’s done out of love of the 
characters.


	The Sasamis, all still in the Pretty Sammy garb, were walking to the 
storage shed where the carrots and other vegetables were stored, all 
carrying armloads of carrots generated by one of Washuu’s many strange 
devices. They were followed by four eager looking cabbits.
	“This is quite a chore,” Sasami 1 said, “Even with all these people here, I 
don’t know if we can get rid of these before they go bad.”
	“Well, we can always try to sell some for extra money,” Sasami 3 pointed 
out, “I mean, with all of us here, there’s going to be a cash shortage in no 
time fast.”
	Just then, a green sphere of light appeared in the yard, and it opened up. 
Sasami 1 recognized the energy signature immediately, and screamed.
	“Kagato!”
	Kagato did indeed spill out of the portal, but he was different somehow. He 
collapsed on the ground, green blood covering his forehead. He looked up at 
the Sasamis, and reached out, “Help me....”
	Kagato passed out, face first on the ground.
	Ryoko 1 came flying, having heard the name Sasami cried out. Her energy 
sword was at the ready. She tapped Kagato with her foot, and when he didn’t 
stir, she lifted him by his hair, and gasped.
	“He can’t be Kagato. The Kagato I knew would never grow a goatee.”

	Kain and Yuugi watched from the shadow world.
	“What do you say we start to play with our new toys,” Yuugi grinned as she 
watched the others, “Let’s start with the pirates and the princesses.”
	“I don’t enjoy games,” Kain said, “I prefer to see my handiwork unfold 
firsthand.”
	“Patience, Kain. First we stir them up, then we strike. There’s more of 
them then there are of you, and you’re still weak from the fight you had 
with them in SubSpace (See Tenchi Muyo in Love for details). Technically, 
you should be dead.”
	“I can never die. I am energy, and energy is eternal.”
	“Energy can be dispelled, though. Besides, I owe them for what they did to 
me. I owe Sasami for rejecting me!”

	Washuu 1 and 2 were examining Kagato while Washuu 3 and 4 continued to 
peice what was left of the dimensional oscillator back together.
	“Well,” Washuu 1 said, removing her goggles, “It’s Kagato. The cell 
structure matches.”
	“Yes,” Washuu 2 nodded, “But the energy pattern is different. Your records 
show Kagato with a negative aura. This Kagato has a positive aura. And 
neither of the Kagatos we met in our adventures would have grown a full 
goatee.”
	“I believe,” Kagato said, opening his eyes, which looked far more human 
than either Washuu remembered, “that I might be of some assistance. I was 
attempting to flee from the Washuu of my world, who had just finished 
destroying Planet Jurai, and I figured that another dimension might be the 
best place to do it. I evidently stumbled into some sort of mirror world, 
where things are not quite the same. For instance, if you were the Washuu I 
knew, you would have started this off by applying electrodes to my eyes.”
	“So,” Ryoko wasn’t convinced, “He’s some sort of ‘good twin’ to our 
Kagato?”
	“That,” Washuu 1 said, releasing Kagato’s restraints, “is about the size of 
it.”
	“Well,” Ayeka 2 said, sipping her tea, “ Stranger things have happened.”
	“I see you ladies are having some trouble,” Kagato looked over at the other 
two Washuus, who had no reason to distrust him, especially not with that 
honeyed, soothing voice he had, “Is there any way I might help?”
	Washuu 1 beamed, “Of course! Kagato’s still a genius! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! 
That means we can fix this puppy in no time!”

	Ayeka 1 was preparing for a dip in the onsen, when she passed a blonde 
haired girl on the path.
	“Oh. Have you come to pay your respects to the Masaki Shrine?” she asked, 
always trying to be helpful.
	The girl shook her head, “I’m looking for a girl I met near here, a friend 
of mine named Sasami. She’s about my height, with freckles and blue hair.”
	-Funny- thought Ayeka - Sasami never mentioned any friends.-
	“Sasami is at the house,” Ayeka said, “Shall I show you the way?”
	“Oh no, I can find it myself. Thank you.”
	And with that, the girl proceded down the path.
	Ayeka entered the onsen, and found two of her already there, and one Ryoko 
as well. The fact that none of them seemed injured in any shape way or form 
indicated that this was Ryoko 4, the all human one.
	"Has anyone seen Lord Tenchi," Ayeka 1 asked.
	All of the other shook their heads.
	"Not since that explosion earlier," Ayeka 3 said, "Really, Ryoko, was it 
necessary to use all that power?"
	"Power? What power? I'm Ryoko 4, in case you've forgotten. No powers here."
	"Perhaps Lord Tenchi went to the shrine to help his grandfather," Ayeka 4 
suggested.

	Tenchi was, in fact, hiding in the last place anyone would think to look 
for him, in Washuu-chan's lab. The fact that the Washuus were all busy meant 
that he'd be safe, and with the Mihoshis all in their rooms, no further 
mishaps could occur. Well, almost no other mishaps. There was still the new 
random element, Mayuka.
	"Daddy!" Mayuka pounced on Tenchi, "Oh, I'm so happy to see you, Daddy. But 
why are you here in Mommy Washuu's lab?"
	"I'm just...resting," Tenchi said, "Mayuka, why did Washuu send you back in 
time, anyway?"
	"Oh, that. Um.....she wrote it down, somewhere. Now where did I put that 
note?"
	"Mihoshi didn't, by any chance, teach you your organizational skills, did 
she?"
	"How did you know?"
	"Lucky guess."

	Yuugi saw all the Sasamis gathered in the kitchen, tending to various 
cooking chores. She suddenly felt guilty. Sasami had never hurt her. Sure, 
she'd chosen not to go with her to her world. But the first time that Sasami 
had gone to her world, she had been hurt defending Yuugi from an "attack". 
And her family still would have been in a world like this, and she would 
have been without them. Seeing all the Sasami's working together, Yuugi 
realized that it was her friend's kindness that drew her, and she could no 
more take Sasami from the people she loved than she could bring herself to 
crush Tenchi.
	"Yuugi?!" Sasami 3 spotted Yuugi, and went running out to greet her, "Did 
Washuu's device bring you here too? Are you alright? Would you like 
something to eat?"
	Yuugi smiled faintly, and a tear came to her eye, "I'm fine, Sasami. Thank 
you."
	"Hey, everyone," Sasami 3  pulled her into the kitchen by her arm, "This is 
my friend Yuugi!"
	"Konichiwa, Yuugi-chan," all the others greeted her with their most 
cheerful smiles.
	Yuugi knew then that she had been wrong, and that Sasami had always been 
her friend.

	Mayuka finally found the note that Washuu had given her. She handed it to 
Tenchi.
	"Tenchi, There is great danger. Kain is coming. Give this disc," Tenchi 
stopped reading and looked at a computer disc taped to the letter, then 
resumed reading, "To my counterparts."

	Minagi landed her spaceship near the onsen. She wanted to surprise her 
sister and mother by popping in unannounced to say hello. She got more than 
she bargained for when she bumped headlong into a woman in a cloak, with 
cyan hair, and a sword blaster.
	"I have you now, Ryoko!"
	"The name's Minagi," Minagi replied, "Ryoko's my sister. And I don't know 
what beef you have with her, but you just took it up with me!"
	At that moment, all the Ayekas and Ryokos came out of the onsen. Nagi was 
stunned, to say the least.
	"What!" Ayekas 2-4 yelled, "Another Ryoko?"
	"No," Ryoko 1 said, "It's my sister. Minagi, you chose a really bad time 
for a family reunion!"
	"Hey, Nagi," Ryoko 2 called mockingly to the bounty hunter, "Wanna try to 
take all of me on at once?"
	Nagi threw her sword on the ground, "Ken-ohki, get us back home. I'm 
quitting the bounty-hunter trade. This is more than anyone deserves, if you 
ask me!"
	"What," Minagi scratched her head in puzzlement, "Was that all about? And 
since when could you do more than two of yourself, Ryoko?"
	"It's a looooooooooooong story," Ryoko said, patting her sister on the 
shoulder, "Come on inside, and I'll tell you all about it.

	From deep space, a sleek craft streaked towards the Earth.

To be Continued...

