Tenchi Muyo: No Need For Multiple Continuities!

By

Weber-san


Standard Disclaimer: The characters within are the property of 
AIC and Pioneer. They are used without permission. Please don't 
sue. 1. I'm not making any money off of this. 2. It's done out 
of love for the characters. 

So, there are what? Four distinct Tenchi continuities now. The 
OAV, Tenchi TV (Tenchi Universe), Shin Tenchi Muyo (Tenchi in 
Tokyo), and of course, The Magical Girl Pretty Sammy. God only 
knows which movies tie to which continuity. Hopefully, they tie 
to one, and aren't their own continuity. But, what if there 
really are infinite worlds out there, and what if, through an 
accident (involving a certain blonde haired member of the Galaxy 
Police and a piece of equipment belonging to a certain pink-
haired genius) the borders between these continuities were 
erased? 

Sorry Tenchi, but this isn't your lucky day....

And now, the story....

	It all began as a quiet day in the Masaki household, which 
was unusual in and of itself. Tenchi was walking home from the 
carrot fields with a basket full of carrots for everyone's 
favorite, and thank God, only cabbit. He reflected on how quiet 
the morning had been, and was waiting for the other shoe to 
drop. Life with five alien women had taught him that anything 
could, and usually did, happen.
	As his home came into view, he saw a beautiful, green-
haired woman running towards him. Her outfit identified her as a 
member of the Galaxy Police.
	"Tenchi, come quick. There's been an accident at Washuu's!"
	"Figures," Tenchi muttered to himself, "Who are you?"
	"Tenchi, this isn't any time for games. This is serious! Oh 
no! You're this world's Tenchi!"
	"This world's Tenchi?"
	"I think Washuu had better explain this one. Augh! That 
partner of mine! No matter what world she's in, she's still an 
inept goof! Oh, my name is Kiyone. I'd say it's a pleasure to 
meet you, but given the circumstances...well, you'd better see 
for yourself." 

	Meanwhile, at Washuu's lab, Washuu, Washuu, Washuu, and 
Washuu all stared at the arcing and sparking piece of equipment 
that had once been a dimensional oscillator. All reached the 
same conclusion at t he same time, and four agitated geniuses 
cried out, "MIHOSHI!"
	Sasami was beside herself, literally, "Wow. This is a 
mess!"
	Sasami nodded in agreement, "You can say that again!" 
	"This is terrible," Ryo-Ohki said, "Sasami, maybe you'd 
better...urk!"
	The cabbit halted as he saw not one, but four Sasami-chans, 
"Ok, which one of you is Magical Girl Pretty Sammy."
	"I am," one Sasami raised her hand.
	"Ryo-Ohki can talk!" the other three Sasami's marveled.
	"Meow! Hiss!" One Ryo-Ohki spat jealously.
	"This could only have been Mihoshi's doing," Ryoko said to 
Ayeka, "I swear, this is just like the time she fouled up at the 
Jurain border and nearly got us all killed."
	"Um, Ryoko, whatever are you talking about?" 
	"Damn. You're the wrong Ayeka."
	"We have a problem," Washuu said, her other selves nodding 
in agreement, "Somehow Mihoshi fouled up my dimensional 
oscillator, and there is now a convergence of universes. The 
bigger problem is, I've managed to locate everyone in this 
universe, and I've found multiple signatures for all of 
us...except for one person...Tenchi. He's the only singular 
around. Even Nobiyuki and Yosho...er Katsuhito to some of you, 
are here in multiple forms."
	"I've brought Tenchi," Kiyone said.
	"At least someone around here can do things right," Kiyone 
replied, eying the Mihoshi's warily. All four of them had gotten 
together in a little chat session. 
	"Brother!" Sasami ran over and hugged Tenchi, "Look at this 
mess! How are we ever going to fix it?"
	"Brother?" Tenchi asked, scratching his head.
	"It's not our Tenchi," Ryo-Ohki said to Sasami, "He might 
not be your brother in this world."
	"He's not," Ayeka said, "She's my sister in this world."
	Three Sasami's nodded their heads, "Absolutely."
	"I think we need to label ourselves so that we can make 
sorting this out easier," Washuu said, "Now, all of you who were 
there when Tenchi created the Light Hawk Wings, raise your 
hands. Good. You are from this world, and are group one. So take 
these 1 pins and put them where they can be seen. 
	"All of you who spent months on the Yagame journeying to 
Jurai, raise your hands. You're group 2. Here are your pins.
	"All of you who tried to keep Tenchi from dating Sakuya, 
raise your hands. You're group three. 
	"And all of you who are left, you're group four. You come 
from a world where Sasami transforms into a Magical heroine and 
saves the world."
	"Hey!" Sasami said, as the others gave her a strange look, 
"That was supposed to be secret, Washuu!"
	"Oops. Sorry."
	"So, where's group one's Kiyone?" Washuu 2 asked.
	"She died saving the universe from the evil schemes of Dr. 
Washuu, like I told you all earlier," Mihoshi 1 said.
	"It never happened!" Washuu 1 said defensively as she was 
scrutinized by the others. 
	Tenchi spoke up, "Um....How long will this take to fix?"
	"Well," Washuu 2 said, "I can fix this, but even with four 
of me, it'll take a few days."

	"Boy," Sasami said, "Cooking is a whole lot easier when 
there's help!"
	"You said it," the other Sasamis agreed, "But it's alot of 
work, keeping four Ryo-Ohki's out of the carrots too."
	"Meow." "Meow" "Meow" , Ryo-Ohkis 1-3 whined.
	"But I'm hungry!" Ryo-Ohki 4 protested.

	Kiyone 2 sat on the couch with Kiyones 3 and 4, "So then we 
were busted back and permanently assigned to patrol the Earth 
sector. All because of my stupid partner."
	The other Kiyones nodded their understanding.
	"Hey, something just occurred to me," Kiyone 4 said, "If 
the constant in all our worlds is that Ryoko and Ayeka  are 
always after Tenchi's hand, then what happens with four Ayekas, 
four Ryokos, and only one Tenchi between them?"
	There was a sudden loud explosion from outside.
	Three Kiyones bowed their heads, "Uh oh."

End of Chapter one.


