[Disclaimer] - Tenchi Muyo! was created by Masaki Kajishima and is the 
property of A.I.C. and Pioneer.  I do not claim any rights or ownership 
to Tenchi Muyo! or its characters.  They are not used here for any form 
of profit whatsoever.

[Foreward] - Tenchi Muyo is by far my favorite animated series and is 
definitely one of my favorite television shows in general.  Unlike most 
(at least I believe most) fans of the show, my favorite continuity has 
always been Tenchi Universe or Tenchi TV as it is also known.  The 
television series was longer than the OAV and allowed the characters to 
take part in more unique situations.  Tenchi Universe also spawned two 
of the three feature films - Tenchi Muyo in Love and Tenchi Forever, 
which definitely stands for something.  As a result, this fanfic is 
based on the Tenchi Universe series.  
This story takes place very shortly after the final episode - "No 
Need for a Conclusion".  It pokes some fun at the notorious 
discrepancies in the history of Tenchi Muyo as well as the obsession 
that certain people can have towards this, or any show for that matter.  
If you can get through the lengthy explanation near the beginning you 
should be fine for the rest of the story (its not that bad, but you 
have to understand what's being said).  With that, lets get on to the 
fanfic.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


"Tada!" exclaimed Washu.  "Behold!  My new machine!" Washu's 
always-responsive puppets immediately appeared on her shoulders.
	"You're the greatest Washu!" cried the first.
	"You're a genius Washu!" cried the second.
Tenchi and the girls had only recently settled back down on Earth 
after their long journey to Jurai and already it seemed that Washu was 
planning to create some more trouble.  It was late at night and 
everyone was ready to go to bed when Washu had suddenly burst from her 
research lab and asked everyone to see her new invention.
	"Washu, isn't this that same machine that transported us through 
time and space a few months ago?" 
	"That's right!  Since we came back to Earth, I dug up the old 
designs and have been making some new improvements.  This is the final 
product".  
	"Haven't you learned from our last experiences with that thing?  
It's just a load of trouble," insisted Kiyone.
	"I've made more safety precautions this time" answered the 
scientific genius.  "This machine will be used solely by me - the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe - to be used in the never 
ending quest for knowledge!"
	"I'm going to bed, its getting late" said Tenchi, trying to sound 
uninterested.  In actuality he was quite interested, though more 
because he feared what would happen if one of the girls got their hands 
on the machine.  He knew all too well what havoc it had caused last 
time.  The rest of the girls followed him out of the lab.



Kiyone and Mihoshi had been invited to stay at the Masaki house 
for the night.  The two had suffered a number of sleepless nights in 
their rented apartment since their return to Earth and both of them 
were looking forward to some nice rest.  Mihoshi was fast asleep, while 
Kiyone eyed over a Galaxy Police report she had received earlier in the 
day. "Ugh" she thought to herself.  "I'm afraid our troubles are not 
quite over yet".



Ryoko snuck down quietly into the research lab.  This time she 
intended no interference with her plans.  After entering the door she 
silently floated towards the control panel.  A light turned on 
temporarily blinding her.  Expecting to see Ayeka, she turned her head 
wildly, squinting at the light.
"Aha!" exclaimed Washu.  "I knew one of you would come down here 
and mess with my machine again!  Although I had hoped you learned 
something from last time Ryoko."
"Damn it Washu!  You created this thing.  Its too tempting!" 
cried Ryoko.  Suddenly, a strange explosion was heard and the machine 
began to go wild.  Washu quickly ran over.
"Wha-wha-what happened??  What did you touch Ryoko??"
"What?  I didn't touch anything!  You've been watching me the 
whole time!"
Tenchi and the rest of the girls rushed into the lab rubbing 
their eyes.
"What happened?  What was that noise?" asked Tenchi impatiently.
Washu answered quickly.  "Somehow a dimensional portal has been 
created in the lab.  I can't seem to close it."
"Oh no!  Who made it this time?"  Tenchi cried.
"That's just it." answered Washu, typing frantically.  This 
portal wasn't created by my machine!  It's coming from a different 
dimension!"
A blinding light filled the room and soon consumed Washu and the 
others.  Azaka and Kamedaki ran in just in time to see the light 
disappear along with the lab's occupants.
"Princess!" yelled Azaka.  It was already too late.



	Tenchi and the others found themselves on soft ground outdoors.  
However, instead of being night, the sun shone brightly.  Tenchi stood 
up rubbing his head while the others remained in a daze.  He surveyed 
his surroundings.  Something was terribly wrong.  Not only was he not 
in his house anymore, but also he didn't seem to be on Earth, or any 
other planet he had ever seen.  Nothing looked real.  The trees had a 
rough appearance to them, as well as the grass he stood on.  Everything 
moved fluidly and nothing ever seemed to stand still.  There were many 
more colors around him than he was acquainted to seeing.  However, 
despite the colors, everything appeared darker somehow, though he 
couldn't explain it at the time.  Looking around he realized he was in 
a large city.  Finally he observed some people walking by.  Their skin 
looked rough and they had very thick arms and legs.  Tenchi was sure 
they were human yet they hardly looked like it.
	"Where are we Washu?"  Tenchi asked, trembling.  "This looks like 
New York City, but it's not how I've seen it in pictures".  He began to 
feel lucky that he had taken his sword with him into the lab, though he 
had no reason to.
	"Well," said Washu, who was already busy typing on the 
transparent computer keyboard that had appeared in front of her, "we're 
definitely not on Earth anymore.  We seem to have been transported into 
a different dimension."
	"Different dimension?" they all exclaimed simultaneously.  "Here 
we go again," added Kiyone.
	"Yes but its not like any one that I've ever seen.  The physical 
laws here seem to be different from our own."
	"Well lets just renounce this dimension and get back home like 
last time," said Ryoko.
	"We can't do that," Washu replied, "because none of us created 
it.  This dimension seems to exist naturally"
	"That's impossible," objected Tenchi.  "Where did it come from?"
	"I don't know.  I can't access my machine back home.  It must 
have been damaged in the blast.  It seems that for the moment we are 
stuck here"
	"Stuck!" exclaimed Sasami who had remained silent for some time.  
"How am I going to make breakfast tomorrow?" she cried.
	"I think that's the least of our worries Sasami," answered her 
sister softly.
	Suddenly everyone jumped, being startled by something.  A man had 
run up behind them looking very excited.
	"You'd better come with me," he said.  "We can't let anyone see 
you."
	"And just who the hell are you?" demanded Ryoko.
	"I'm a scientist.  Please you must trust me.  I'll explain 
everything soon enough" Seeing no other logical option, the group 
reluctantly followed the scientist to his lab.  All the way they could 
hear him whispering with excitement: "My theories are true!  My 
theories are true!  Living breathing evidence!  My theories are true!"

	

"I think it's about time you started explaining what the hell is 
going on?" Ryoko demanded as they all walked into the lab.
	"How much have you been able to figure out?" the scientist asked, 
in order to find somewhere to start his explanation.
	"We believe that we have been transported here from another 
dimension," answered Ayeka softly.  She was not reluctant to share 
information, since it seemed that this scientist was their only hope of 
returning home.
"Good, good," said the scientist.  "Okay.  How can I begin this?  
I'll try to keep it brief.  As I said before, I am a scientist here.  
For some time I've had a theory that I call mental manifestation.  This 
theory states that if enough people think about a single idea for an 
extended period of time, that idea will become a reality in an 
alternate dimension.  You see there is a natural order to things in the 
cosmos.  I believe that there is one 'super dimension' in the universe.  
From that super dimension, smaller dimensions are created from the 
thoughts of its inhabitants, and from those smaller dimensions, even 
smaller dimensions are created.  And so it continues forever.
"There is a television show in our world called Tenchi Universe.  
It stars all of you and is about your adventures on Earth and in space.  
My guess is that the combined thoughts of Tenchi Universe fans were 
powerful enough to create you and your dimension.  Therefore, your 
world is one of the smaller worlds that have been created by people 
here.  Somehow you were transported from your dimension to this one."
There was a very long pause.  Finally Ryoko spoke: "That is quite 
possibly the stupidest thing I have ever heard".
	"I can prove it!" the scientist cried.  "I know everything about 
you and your experiences.  Ryoko, you were a wanted space pirate 
pursued by the Galaxy Police before you crash-landed on Earth.  Ayeka 
is a princess of Jurai who landed on Earth after detecting a distress 
signal.  Sasami is Ayeka's sister and arrived on Earth looking for her.  
Washu is the greatest scientific genius in the universe.well.in your 
universe anyway." Washu frowned.  The scientist continued, "Mihoshi and 
Kiyone are first class detectives at the Galaxy Police but have 
suffered a lack of success until only recently.  And Tenchi," he said 
turning to his subject, "you were just a normal boy living with your 
father and grandfather in Japan until these women found you!  You see I 
know!"
	"Bah! I don't believe it!" declared Ryoko.  "It can't be true!"
	"Oh come on," answered the scientist.  "Haven't you ever wondered 
why all of you speak English in the middle of rural Japan?  It's 
because you're all from the English dubbed version.  Ryoko is voiced by 
Petrea Burchard, Tenchi by Matthew Miller, Kiyone and Sasami by the 
always wonderful Sherry Lynn."
	"Wait a minute" interrupted Kiyone.  "Me and Sasami have the same 
voice?"
	"Well." Before he could answer, Tenchi spoke.
	"So we're just all part of some big TV show?  Every minute of our 
lives is being watched by thousands of people?"
	"Your dimension was created after the television show - as a 
product of the fans.  However, your lives continue where the show ends.  
That's why I wouldn't be able to tell you what happens between episodes 
or when you're all asleep.  You are all as real as me or anyone else in 
this dimension."
	"If we're as real as you, then why don't we look like people 
here?"  Tenchi asked beginning to sound depressed.
	"Because that's not how the fans imagined you.  They didn't think 
of you as normal human beings, they imagined you animated, with the 
voices of your actors.  Your appearances, your voices, your 
personalities, your world is a complete copy of the television show"
	"So." Tenchi said walking away slowly, "we're just the product of 
the thoughts of a thousand people?"
	"I understand it's a difficult thing to know.  I'm sorry I was 
less sympathetic; I guess I was just excited.  But we all have to come 
from somewhere right?  What does it matter where we come from?"
	"It's just a little depressing I guess," answered Tenchi.
	Tenchi wasn't the only one.  Nearly everyone looked towards the 
floor silently.  Washu on the other hand appeared very excited.  "This 
theory of yours," she said, "how did it come about?"
	"Well," answered the scientist, "I used to work for the US 
government.  We were experimenting with faster than light travel by 
creating wormholes"
	"Ah yes," answered Washu, seeming to understand perfectly.  
Looking at her companions who were staring at her blankly, she began to 
explain.  "A wormhole occurs when normal time-space is bent.  It allows 
any person to go from one place to another instantaneously.  When we 
rescued Ayeka, Ryoko and Sasami from the Jurain military, I used a 
wormhole for the portal to transport us from Yugami to the Jurain 
battleship," Everyone gave a sound indicating that they understood, 
although no one did.
	"Anyway, we developed a machine that could bend space into a 
wormhole.  During the first experiment, we discovered that the machine 
worked - too well.  The space around the machine not only bent, but 
actually ruptured, and the machine was destroyed.  When we searched 
through the rubble, I found this," Out of a drawer, the scientist 
removed and held up a small sword.  The scientist continued "When I 
found this, I immediately recognized it from a series of books called 
'The Lord of the Rings', which I had read as a child.  Those books were 
extremely popular and have attracted a huge number of fans.  It was 
then that I began to theorize the existence of other dimensions.  I 
figured that when the time-space around the machine tore, it opened a 
hole, or portal, into another dimension.  When I left the government 
some time later, I began to secretly rebuild the machine.  My machine 
was built differently, so that it could locate and transport objects, 
and people, from other dimensions."
	"So you're the one that brought us her!" exclaimed Ryoko with an 
accusing tone.
	"No! No!" cried the scientist.  "It's true that a have a machine 
built but it's far from being complete.  You see, I misplaced the 
designs for the machine a few months ago, and my progress has slowed 
down dramatically.  I can only transport random inanimate objects.  
Here".  The scientist proceeded to show Tenchi and the girls his 
collection of objects from other dimensions.  "Here is a blaster from 
'Star Wars', a poke-ball from 'Pokemon' even a mushroom from 'Super 
Mario Brothers'.  I've shown these things to the scientific board that 
I belong to, but they've simply laughed at me.  But now I've found 
living, breathing evidence!  Although I still can't figure out how you 
all got here."
	There was another period of silence in the lab.  "Well, I suppose 
all we can do is go and try to find out who brought us here," said 
Tenchi going into a state of deep thought.
	"No!  Absolutely not!" exclaimed the scientist.  "No one can be 
allowed to see you.  Not yet.  Who knows what they would think.  I'll 
go and see if I can figure something out.  Everyone stay here," he said 
nervously.  "There's a TV in the back of the lab.  That should keep you 
occupied.  Please no one leave."  The scientist looked at Ryoko.
	"Hey!" she yelled.  "What do you think I am deaf?  I heard you!"  
The scientist rushed out and locked the door.



	The companions sat in the TV room quietly.  Mihoshi and Kiyone on 
a couch, Washu busily typing on her computer, Tenchi in a wooden chair, 
Ayeka in a love seat, Sasami on the floor, and Ryoko lay across the TV.  
Mihoshi appeared to be in deep thought.  In reality she was staring at 
cracks in the wall.  Kiyone, mistaking her friend to be contemplating 
the recent events, asked, "What do you think of all this Mihoshi?"  
Mihoshi thought for a few seconds.
	"We came through a wormhole?  I don't remember any digging," she 
answered.  Kiyone hit herself for thinking that Mihoshi could have 
possibly been thinking anything else.
	"Hey look at this" Ryoko said.  She had opened a cabinet next to 
the TV.  It was filled with Tenchi Muyo episodes and movies.
	"Really, Ryoko.  Haven't you ever heard of privacy?" demanded 
Ayeka.
	"Oh I'm sorry princess."  Ryoko remarked sarcastically as she 
browsed through the videos.  "Wow this guy is quite a fan of us.  It's 
pathetic really"
	"So it really is true?" asked Sasami.  "We're all cartoons?"
	"Don't worry Sasami.  We'll be home soon," answered Ayeka.
	"Hey according to this series, Washu is my mother!" said Ryoko 
turning to Washu.  Washu peered over her transparent computer screen.
	"Hmm.  How embarrassing." Washu responded.
	"Come to think of it, you two look very much alike," remarked 
Tenchi.  "I certainly wouldn't be surprised".
	"What?  No!  Washu is way to crazy to be related to me," answered 
Ryoko.  Ayeka cleared her throat loudly.  "What is it?" snapped Ryoko.
	"I don't think anyone is too crazy to be related to you Ryoko" 
Ayeka answered.
	"Alright!" Ryoko yelled.  "We're far overdue for a fight!"
	"Will you two stop it?  We're in someone else's house!" cried 
Tenchi.
	"Not that it isn't annoying in any dimension" commented Kiyone.  
Ryoko resumed looking through the cabinet.  She pulled out an episode 
of Tenchi in Tokyo, which showed her on the cover.
	"Oh!  I'm hideous!" Ryoko cried looking at her portrait.
	Ayeka giggled with delight.  "I could have told you that any 
day," Ayeka said laughing.  Ryoko's hands crackled with energy.  Just 
then the scientist returned.
	"What did you find?" asked Kiyone eagerly.
	"Nothing, I'm afraid," he answered.  "I returned to where I found 
you but I couldn't find any clues.  After that I had no idea where to 
look."
	Ryoko, ignoring the subject at hand, held up the Tenchi in Tokyo 
cassette.  "Can you explain this to me?  Why do I look so ugly?"
	The scientist laughed.  "Your just badly drawn Ryoko.  That 
series wasn't known for exceptional animation.  I see you've all 
discovered I'm quite a fan of yours".
	Ryoko's eyes drifted back to the cabinet.  "And what's this?" she 
asked unrolling a poster depicting a scantily clad Ryoko.  Now, the 
scientist laughed much more nervously.  He looked around the room 
desperately for help.  Finally Mihoshi broke the tension.
	"I'm hungry." she whined.
	"Oh!  I - I'm afraid I forgot to buy any food.  I'm all out you 
see."
	"Great lets go out for pizza!" Mihoshi exclaimed.  
"I'd like to see New York City," said Tenchi, forgetting for a 
moment that he was no longer in his own dimension.  The others voiced a 
common agreement.
	The scientist sighed.  "Alright".  He opened his closet and 
removed some winter coats.  "You all have to try to cover yourselves 
up.  If anyone sees that you're animated, we are in huge trouble.  And 
don't attract any attention to yourselves!  Ayeka, no energy bubbles!  
Ryoko, no light sword or flying!  Kiyone, no Galaxy police equipment.  
Mihoshi.don't.do anything".  Mihoshi's eyes began to glisten with 
tears.  "Tenchi, no light hawk wings"
	"No light hawk what?" Tenchi asked looking confused.
	"Oh!  My mistake.  Wrong series.  Well then, just leave your 
sword here."  
Tenchi reluctantly placed Sword Tenchi on the table in front of 
him.  The scientist continued speaking.  "You should pair off in twos.  
That way you wont attract too much attention.  Kiyone your with 
Mihoshi"
	"Of course" Kiyone mumbled.
	"Ayeka your with Sasami.  Washu."
	"That's alright," answered Washu.  "I think I'll stay here.  I 
want to go over some of this data with you"
	"Well then that leaves me with Tenchi!" said Ryoko.  "Where 
should we go my love?"
	"That is completely unfair!" cried Ayeka.
	"Ayeka!  We must listen to the scientist.  He knows what's best," 
answered Ryoko, grinning.  Ayeka trembled with anger.
	"Oh, I should have foreseen this," said the scientist rubbing his 
forehead.  "Okay, okay.  Ryoko, you have Tenchi for half of the time.  
Then you meet Ayeka in front of the World Trade Center and switch.  
Agreed?" Both girls mumbled consent.  "Well I suppose you'll be needing 
some money.  Here." The scientist emptied his wallet and divided its 
contents equally among his guests.  Without anymore delay, the group 
set out.  When they had left, the scientist glanced back into his 
wallet.  "Hmm.  Living with cartoons is expensive."



	"May I take your order?" a waiter asked Ryoko and Tenchi.  Ryoko 
had decided that the two of them would dine in a quite fancy, and 
expensive, Italian restaurant.  They sat at their table with their 
faces completely hidden by menus.
	"Well now lets see," Ryoko answered.  Without much thought, she 
quickly ordered the most expensive dish on the menu.  After taking 
humble Tenchi's order, the waiter asked for the menus back.
	"No we'll keep them, thank you," answered Tenchi nervously, and 
still holding it in front of his face.
	"Could I at least take your coats sir?" the waiter asked 
anxiously.
	"Did we ask you to?" Ryoko snapped.  The waiter left with haste.
	"Ryoko, you know this isn't your money," said Tenchi in a 
scolding manner.
	"That is exactly why I ordered such an expensive dish!" answered 
Ryoko with glee.  Tenchi sighed.
	"I don't know why I let you bring me here, this has to be the 
most expensive restaurant in the city" said Tenchi.
	"You know I love Italian food Tenchi," Ryoko said.
	"What?  You've only been on Earth a few months Ryoko!"
	"I get around."



	"Mmmm, this is good" Mihoshi laughed.  "I love pizza."
	"You love anything edible, Mihoshi" answered her partner.
	"Yea I guess your right about that Kiyone!" Mihoshi laughed 
again.  She looked around the room not worrying about hiding her face.
	"Mihoshi!  Will you be careful?  Don't let anyone see you." 
Kiyone said.
	"Look Kiyone!  A karaoke machine!"
	"Oh no."



	Tenchi and Ryoko arrived at the appointed meeting place in front 
of the World Trade Center.  Ryoko had been quite reluctant, and Tenchi 
found that he had to literally drag Ryoko from the Italian restaurant.  
Ayeka and Sasami quickly saw them.
	"Well Ryoko, I hope you enjoyed your time with Tenchi, because 
it's my turn now!"  Ayeka boasted.
	"Oh we enjoyed many things together if you get my meaning."  
Ryoko smirked as she spoke.
	"Wha wha what??" Ayeka nearly screamed, attracting the attention 
of some on lookers.  The four pulled their hoods tighter to conceal 
themselves.
	"Ryoko!  She's lying Ayeka, all we did was eat at an Italian 
restaurant"
	"She had better be lying for her own sake.  Sasami!  Keep an eye 
on her".  Ayeka and Tenchi walked off quickly.
	"Lets get ice cream!" exclaimed Sasami.  Ryoko looked down with a 
raised eyebrow.



	Kiyone's rendition of 'Oops I did it Again' was met with less 
than satisfactory applause.  The audience had not found it to their 
liking that Kiyone's back was to them the entire time.  Mihoshi on the 
other hand, applauded wildly.
	"That was great Kiyone!  Do another one!" Mihoshi said to her 
partner.
	"Are you kidding?  That was humiliating.  At least back home I 
can look at the audience without hiding my face" Kiyone grumbled back.  
"Besides, we're out of money.  Financial problems seem to be attracted 
to us."
	"I think something else is attracted to us," responded Mihoshi, 
giggling.  Kiyone noticed a very fat and bearded man looking them over.  
Apparently the coats that Mihoshi and Kiyone were wearing had not been 
enough to put a stop to his fantasies.
	"Oh God, lets get out of here!" said Kiyone on the brink of 
tears.



	"I don't know how you put up with her.  It's always 'princess 
this' and 'Jurai that'.  I just can't stand it."  Ryoko was speaking 
between mouthfuls of ice-cream.
	"How many ice-creams is that so far?" asked Sasami.
	"Six" answered Ryoko.  Suddenly her attention was drawn towards a 
man sitting at the bar.  He wore a large trench coat, working gloves 
and, oddly, a ski mask.  She overheard his conversation with the 
bartender.
	"Have you seen anyone today with strange hair color?" asked the 
man.
	"Well, what colors would be strange?" the bartender returned.
	"Green, purple, gray, blue"
	The bartender laughed heartily.  "Well I've seen plenty of people 
my age with gray hair.  As for green, purple and blue, a lot of people 
dye their hair strange colors in this city.
	"It would look natural" the man said.
	"Natural?  Well that would be strange wouldn't it?  No I 
haven't."  At length the bartender spoke again.  "By the way.do you 
mind me asking why you're wearing that mask and all those clothes?  I 
think it's scaring my costumers away."
The man stood up and leaned over the counter very close to the 
bartender.  He spoke slowly, "I have a highly contagious skin disease 
that is transmitted through the air.  It's fatal".  The bartender 
nearly fell back against wall in fear.
"Well.well I suppose that's a g-good enough reason." the 
bartender stammered.  At this point, the man in the ski mask rose and 
left.
	"This is not good," said Ryoko.  "Not good at all".



	Ayeka and Tenchi sat on the observatory deck of the World Trade 
Center.  The two looked out over the city.  Night had fallen and the 
entire city was lit up.
	"Princess Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.
	"Yes Lord Tenchi?" responded Ayeka.
	"Have you been thinking about the things that scientists said?  
About us being created out of a television show?"
	"I've tried not to"
	"I just can't get it out of my head.  So much has happened to all 
of us.  And to think that it's all just the product of some animation 
company, that we had no say in our lives.  It's a horrible thought!"
	"Tenchi, soon we will be home and everything will be back to 
normal.  Really"
	"Will it?  How can it be?  It wasn't destiny that brought us all 
together.  It was.a script!"
	"Please Lord Tenchi, calm down."
	"I'm sorry," he said after silence.  "I guess I'll just have to 
learn to live with the knowledge.  Besides, it was only a few months 
right?  It's not like it was my whole life" He paused again.  "Who am I 
kidding?  Of course it was my whole life".  Tenchi sighed and changed 
the subject.  He took out a small map and looked around himself out 
towards the city.  At length he spoke.  "That building in the water is 
the Statue of Liberty.  Behind that is Staten Island, home of Earth's 
largest dump!    Over there is the Empire State Building.the city is so 
beautiful at night, isn't it Ayeka?  Ayeka?"  Ayeka had fallen asleep 
on his shoulder.  Tenchi laughed silently.  "Too boring for you eh?"
	Suddenly Washu's head emerged from a portal in the floor.  "Well" 
she said.  "It looks like my portals do work in this dimension after 
all!  Of course it's no surprise for the greatest scientific genius 
in.the.dimension"
	"Washu!" Tenchi exclaimed.  "What are you doing here?"
	"We've got trouble Tenchi," answered Washu.  "You two had better 
come with me"



	Washu had apparently brought everyone back to the portal via lab.  
When all had sat down Tenchi spoke.
	"What's the trouble Washu?" he asked eagerly.
	"Yes, what is this all about?" said Ayeka, now wide-awake.
	"I think Ryoko should tell you," answered Washu.  "Ryoko?"
	"Well, a little while ago, Sasami and me saw a strange man in an 
ice-cream parlor," said Ryoko.  "He was clearly looking for us.  He 
wore a ski mask and didn't take it off the whole time.  He obviously 
didn't want to be recognized"
	"How do you know he was looking for us?" asked Kiyone, looking 
surprised.
	"He wanted to know if the bartender had seen anyone with odd 
colored hair and eyes" Ryoko responded.
	"Oh, he could've been looking for anyone.  There are ways for 
people to change their hair and eye colors you know," said Tenchi.
	"Maybe" Ryoko said.  "But it's a good chance that it was us.  We 
still don't know who brought us here remember?  It wasn't the 
scientist.  My bet is that it was this guy, if not, then at least he 
knows who did."
	"By the way," said Ayeka, "where is our scientist friend?  It's 
quite late.  He should probably know about all of this."
	Washu answered, "That's the other thing I wanted to tell you.  It 
seems our scientist may have a lead on our situation.  After you all 
left I heard him exclaim something.  He mumbled that someone had stolen 
the original designs for his machine and was trying to take the credit 
from him.  It sounded like he knew who it was, but he rushed out before 
I could catch him.  He hasn't been back since."
	"Well we'll have to tell him in the morning.  He should be back 
by then." Tenchi said.  They all took various locations in the lab and 
fell asleep.  All but Washu, who continued typing on her transparent 
keyboard.
Morning came, and still there was no sign of the scientist.  
After some thought, the group decided that a search for him had to be 
made.  They split into the same groups that they had ended with the day 
before; Mihoshi was with Kiyone, Ryoko was with Sasami and Ayeka was 
with Tenchi.  This was the result of 'rock, paper scissors' between 
Ayeka and Ryoko, which left Ayeka the victor.  The group once again set 
out, leaving Washu to oversee progress from the lab.
	No one knew really where to start.  The New York City was still 
new to them in any dimension.  Being forced to hide their faces, they 
were hardly able to talk to anyone.  Soon after leaving, they soon 
realized that they didn't even know the scientist's name.  As a result, 
the groups ended up wandering around the city, looking for any clues 
that could help them.


In a cold dark room sat the scientist.  He had been knocked 
unconscious from a sharp blow to the back of the head.  When he finally 
awoke, he found that he was sitting down in a wooden chair, with his 
hands tied tightly behind him, and his head still throbbing.  When his 
eyes became acquainted to the light, he turned to his left and saw a 
second man, another scientist whom he knew quite personally.  This 
second man belonged to the same scientific board as him and immediately 
he suspected the man of hitting him and tying him up.  He turned in his 
chair to get a better look at his supposed captor, only to find that 
this man was tied up as well.
	"William!" cried the scientist.  The man next to him looked up.
	"Yes, what is it John?" asked the other man angrily.
	"You!  This is your fault isn't it?  You stole the designs to my 
machine didn't you?"
	"Yes I did John!  Damn it, and I was doing such a good job too!  
I worked that machine better than you ever could have!"
	"Shut up both of you!" shouted a third man.  This one had 
suddenly appeared in front of them and wore a ski mask.  He leaned in 
front of John and grabbed John's neck.  "Tell me, now that you're 
awake.  Where are those friends of yours?  Where is your lab?"
	"I don't know what you want with them but I'm not telling you," 
cried John, hardly able to breathe against the man's tight grip.
	"You fool.  You'll be dead by the end of the day".  The man with 
the ski mask left in a hurry.



At the request of Mihoshi, she and Kiyone had taken a rest from 
walking.  The two of them sat in a small diner, and were eating and 
talking silently, when a fat man, the same fat man they had seen the 
day before, approached their table.
	"Hello there ladies," he said smoothly.  "Could I buy you two a 
drink?"
	"No thank you sir." answered Kiyone with her face down.
	"Really I insist." persisted the man.
	"Wow you're very kind" burst Mihoshi.  The man sat down with 
them.
	"Trust me you don't want to do that," said Kiyone, raising her 
voice.
	"You're a feisty one aren't you?" answered the man, laughing.  
"Well now, let me see your pretty face," the man drew closer to Kiyone.  
Kiyone's anger grew steadily.  Finally, she stood up, drew back her 
hood, and stared the man right in the face.  The man fell back and 
cried, "Ah!  An - an alien!!"  Everyone in the diner stood up.  Two 
skinny, red-necked men in hunting gear jumped onto their feet at a 
table nearby.  Apparently these two men believed they could go hunting 
in the middle of Manhattan.
	"An alien is it?  Ahma ketch me a one!  Mama oughta be proud!" 
said one.
	"Oh dear" said Kiyone.  Immediately she and her partner bolted 
out of the diner and onto the street.  The hunters chased them.  Not 
knowing their way around the city, they soon found themselves cornered 
in a dead end alley.  The hunters slowly drew closer.  Suddenly, Ryoko 
appeared out of thin air in front of the hunters holding her light 
sword.  She still wore her hooded coat.
	"Eek! A Jedi Knight!" cried the hunter falling on his back.  His 
partner pulled him up and both men ran away.
	"It looked like you needed some help there," said Ryoko turning 
to Kiyone with a smirk on her face.
	"Thanks," Kiyone answered.  Sasami ran around the corner.  When 
the four of them were together, Kiyone spoke, "Come on, let's get back 
to the lab.  We're not doing any good finding our scientist like this."
	


Night had fallen, and Ayeka and Tenchi were still on the search.  
The two sat in a restaurant, at a table next to a window.  Tenchi had 
been talking to Washu on her communicator and now spoke to Ayeka.
"Washu says that the scientist isn't home yet.  There's no use 
doing this.  We have to get back to the lab".
"Very well Lord Tenchi" responded Ayeka.  The two got up and were 
about to leave when a man at a table at the far end of the room jumped 
up.  He turned sharply to them and seemed to yell something.  Tenchi 
and Ayeka both knew that it was the man with the ski mask that Ryoko 
spoke of.  The man lifted up his hand as if to push something away.  
Tenchi flew threw the glass window and on to the street.  He rolled in 
between moving traffic.  "Tenchi!" cried Ayeka before she was pushed 
aside by the mysterious man.
"Haha!  Finally I have you!" yelled the man in the ski mask.  
Tenchi fumbled with his pockets for the sword.
"Oh no!" said Tenchi.  "It's still at the lab!"  Tenchi stood up 
among swerving cars and ran across the street, pursued by the man.  A 
bus had just picked up passengers in front of him and was starting to 
move.  Tenchi jumped on to the bus a lay down on the top.  He could 
hear muffled screams from inside.
The bus accelerated as the man chased it down the street.  Tenchi 
watched helplessly.  The man leaped unto the back of the bus and 
climbed up.  He stood tall and looked down at Tenchi, laughing.
"You!" cried Tenchi.  "You know where the scientist is don't 
you?"
"Ah yes," said the man.  "Him and his pathetic brother."
"Brother?!" exclaimed Tenchi.  "Who are you then?  Take off your 
mask!"
"I'm someone you know quite well in fact," answered the man.  He 
removed his ski mask, revealing an animated face with long green hair.  
It was the face of Kagato.
"Wha?  But - but your dead!"
"Dead!  Hardly I am."  Kagato drew his large black sword and 
swiped at Tenchi twice.  Tenchi fell on to his back and saw the sword 
come down right between his legs.  The sword punctured the roof of the 
bus causing more screams below.  This time the bus swerved.  It drove 
off the road and onto grass, allowing Tenchi to roll off.  Kagato stood 
watching Tenchi and was about to follow him when suddenly, the bus 
smashed into a tree.  Kagato was thrown clear off the roof of the bus 
and into ongoing traffic.  Tenchi took the opportunity to make his 
escape.  He found Ayeka sobbing with fear amongst a group of screaming 
citizens in the restaurant.  The two hurried back to the lab.



Tenchi and Ayeka stumbled into the lab breathless.  They were 
both trembling.
"What is it?" asked Kiyone after everyone stood up taking notice.
"We found out who our pursuer is" answered Tenchi, breathing 
heavily.  "The man in the ski mask is Kagato."  Everyone gasped.
"That's impossible!  He's dead!" protested Ryoko.
"I thought so too," said Tenchi.  "But it was him, right in front 
of me."  
Kiyone walked away slowly.  At length she spoke.  "There is 
something I have to tell you all," she said in a confessing tone.  
"Earlier this week I received a Galaxy Police report.  It came from 
officials who had been ordered to investigate the occurrences at Jurai 
after we left.  The report said that Kagato's body had been removed 
from the Jurai palace and brought to a medical facility in order to 
verify his death.  Except, when the Galaxy Police officials arrived to 
take the report, the body had disappeared".
"What??" yelled Ryoko.  "Why didn't you tell us this before?" she 
demanded.
"I don't know.  I assumed the body would be found very soon.  I 
didn't want to worry you all."
"It's okay Kiyone," said Tenchi.  "It certainly wouldn't have 
helped us.  We still would never have thought that he could be here in 
this dimension."  
Washu walked over.  "I have some information that might help us," 
she said.  "I've discovered the name of our scientist friend.  His name 
is John Horbuck.  He also has a brother named William"
"Yes!" Tenchi exclaimed.  "Kagato mentioned a brother.  It 
sounded like he had both of them captive somewhere.  Does William have 
a lab anywhere?" he asked Washu.
"Yep" she answered. "Here is the address.  It's a safe bet that 
they're being held there.  Kagato doesn't exactly have any home in this 
world."  
Tenchi ran over to the table and picked up his sword.  "We don't 
have any time to lose!" he said.  All of the girls followed him out of 
the lab.



Kagato walked into the room with the two scientists and holding 
his shoulder in pain.  He had been struck by a fast moving car and had 
not enjoyed it.  John, saw the face of his captor for the first time.  
When Kagato left the room again John turned to William.
"You fool!  You brought him here didn't you?" cried John.
"Yes, I did.  When the machine finally began to work, I thought 
of who I could possibly bring to this dimension.  And then it came to 
me!  You were such a huge fan of that Japanese stuff.what is it 
called?" asked William.
"Anime." grumbled John.
"Yes anime.  You were such a big fan of anime, I figured it would 
be perfect to transport an anime character to this dimension."
"I see!  So you just wanted to rub it in my face didn't you?  You 
just wanted to steal the credit and rub it in my face!"
"Exactly," said William grinning.
"You idiot!  Don't you know who Kagato is?  He's a villain.  
Villains are bad if you didn't realize that before!"
"I didn't know how to use the machine perfectly yet so I 
transported a random character.  How was I supposed to know he was a 
villain?  I never watched the show!"
"Well maybe you could have watched one or two episodes instead of 
concentrating so much on making me miserable!"
William sighed as if he didn't care.  "Anyway, when I brought 
that 'Cagatoe' guy here, or whatever you call him, he was at the brink 
of death.  He had a huge slash across his chest, he wasn't breathing 
and there was barely a pulse.  I bandaged him, fed him, and sheltered 
him.  I single handedly brought him into recovery and this is how he 
repays me!  He tied me up, and used the machine to bring back those 
friends of yours.  Something about revenge I heard him say."
John moaned loudly.  "You are a fool and you always have been 
brother!"
"Hey! I didn't create that damn thing!  I just used it!  It was 
too tempting!"
Kagato returned.  "Will you two shut up!  I should kill you both 
right now!" he yelled.  "But I still need you.  Last time I used the 
machine, it left Tenchi and those girls right in the middle of Central 
Park.  I want you two to show me how to bring someone right here"
"Why?  Who are you bringing to this dimension now?" asked 
William.
"That is none of your concern.  It's a surprise for some guests 
that are arriving shortly," responded Kagato.  "Now show me!"



In a half hour Tenchi and the girls reached the address of 
William's lab.  It appeared to be empty.  However, the door was not 
locked and they entered freely.  The lab was very big, with multiple 
rooms.  Tenchi turned to the girls.  "Stay here," he said.  "I'm going 
ahead."
"This isn't just your fight Tenchi," said Ryoko.  "We all want to 
get home as much as you do.  I'm coming with you!"
"Someone has to stay here with Sasami," said Tenchi.  "And Washu 
is invaluable to us" Tenchi thought for a moment.  "Ryoko can come with 
me, but no one else" Ayeka protested but Tenchi said that Sasami need 
her.  The girls stayed behind while Tenchi and Ryoko pressed on.
Tenchi and Ryoko entered a pitch-black room and drew their swords 
for light.  The two stood still.  They heard a sound and crack of 
energy.  In front of them was a huge black sword with a red glow around 
it.  Behind the sword, Kagato's face was bathed in red light. The three 
yelled and attacked.  The room filled with lights of different colors.  
Shadows flew everywhere, adding to the confusion.  The swords clashed 
and whined in the air.  Soon Kagato found himself being overpowered.  
He jumped up and backwards in retreat.
"Ha!" he yelled.  "You are both very good.  Almost too much for 
me actually.  But I have a surprise for both of you!"  He hovered and 
floated into the next room pursued by Tenchi and Ryoko.  When they 
entered, a bright white light filled their eyes.  In front of them was 
a large machine that appeared to be turned on.  In front of the machine 
stood Kagato and behind him were the two scientists, John and William, 
still tied up and in their chairs.  However, there was a fourth person 
in the room as well; a man who was also animated.  The man floated near 
the ceiling.  He wore a long cape, had yellow eyes, white hair, and 
wore very small glasses, which sat on the bridge of his nose.
Kagato spoke: "I want you two to meet my good friend - Kagato"
"What?" cried Tenchi and Ryoko simultaneously.
"It's the Kagato from Tenchi Muyo OAV!  Run!" yelled John.  But 
Ryoko and Tenchi held their ground.
"No!" cried Tenchi.  "This machine is our only way back home!"  
Tenchi ran to attack the Tenchi Universe Kagato while Ryoko flew at the 
Tenchi Muyo Kagato.  The swords clashed loudly, some very close to the 
scientists.
"Hey!" shouted William.  "Watch where you're swinging that!"  A 
sword cut off one of the wooden legs from under his chair.  "Ah!" he 
yelled.
The rest of the girls, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi and Kiyone 
suddenly ran in, after hearing the shouts and crashes.  They could no 
longer stand to be content with just listening.  The Tenchi Muyo Kagato 
grabbed Ryoko's light sword, showing no sign of pain, and threw her 
against the wall.  The Tenchi Universe Kagato shot an energy blast at 
Tenchi, which he was barely able to shield with his sword.  Tenchi fell 
to the floor.
Tenchi stood up, holding his side in pain.  Ryoko and Ayeka ran 
next to him in fear.  The two Kagatos approached.
"Well, I must admit this was a very good idea Kagato," said the 
Kagato with white hair.  "When we are finished killing the characters 
from your dimension, we can move on to mine."
"Thank you Kagato," said the green haired Kagato smiling.  "Two 
villains are always better than one."
"Why did you bring us here?  What was the point of all this?" 
stammered Tenchi.
"Two reasons," answered the green haired Kagato.  "First, to 
introduce you to my counterpart, so that I and he could have our 
revenge.  And second, to show you," said Kagato growing angry "that the 
only reason you ever defeated me, was because of a damn script!  I must 
admit, I felt cheated when I learned about this dimension.  To think 
that all those years of villainy, I never stood a chance.  Ah, but 
here!  Here there are no writers, no scripts!  There are no rules here!  
Here I can finally have my revenge!"  The two Kagatos lifted their 
swords high, to finally be rid of their rivals.  All of the sudden, a 
strange explosion rang threw the room.  Washu was standing by the 
dimensional machine.
"Oops!" she said grinning.  "I guess you didn't notice I was 
working with the machine!  I think I understand how it works now."  
From Washu's shoulders appeared her too puppets.  
"You tricked them good Washu!" cried the first.
	"You showed them Washu!" cried the second.
Suddenly two portals opened from the machine and out of them ran 
two Ryokos and two Ayekas.
"Hah ha ha!" laughed John.  So there are dimensions for every 
Tenchi series!"
The Ryokos and Ayekas took no notice of the Kagatos but simply 
ran towards and hugged Tenchi.  In immediate response, the Ryoko and 
Ayeka who had already been standing there grabbed Tenchi to claim their 
territory.  Tenchi, realizing he was being smothered by three times the 
normal number of Ryokos and Ayekas yelled out: "This is not happening 
this is not happening!"
The two Kagatos looked on with raised eyebrows.  "Well," said the 
Tenchi Muyo Kagato, "this is quite a pathetic display isn't it?"
Out of the two portals now emerged two Tenchis, who were quickly 
subdued by their respective Ryokos and Ayekas.  The portals pulsated 
and swirled as even more characters emerged.  From the Tenchi Muyo 
portal emerged a child-like Ryo-ohki being chased by a giggling Sasami.
"Is that Ryo-ohki?" exclaimed the Tenchi Universe Ryoko, not 
being acquainted to seeing a Ryo-ohki in human form.  From the Tenchi 
in Tokyo portal also emerged Ryo-ohki, except this one appeared to be a 
large pink robot with floppy ears.  The robot jumped up high into the 
air and landed between the two Kagatos throwing them apart.
"What the hell is that?" asked Kiyone looking at the pink robot.  
Before she could regain her senses, two more figures emerged from the 
portals.  Both of them were Mihoshi.
"Kiyone!" they yelled simultaneously.  Kiyone stumbled back in 
fear.
"I - I'm in hell!" she cried with tears in her eyes.  
The two Kagatos had now stood up and were once again standing 
next to each other, watching the mayhem.  "Oh!  Why couldn't the 
writers just stop with one dimension?" cried the Tenchi Muyo Kagato.  
"Why did they need three?"
"Well" answered the second Kagato.  "They needed to make 
improvements on the first one."
"What are you talking about?  The first series was clearly the 
best.  It had an incredible villain I might add."
"Incredible yes, although I believe I was slightly better."
"What??  You?  I held Washu captive!  I enslaved Ryoko!  I had an 
incredible ship!  It had two levels you know.  The top level was normal 
while the bottom."
"Yes you had all of that but you never achieved your goal!  You 
never gained the power of Jurai!  I, on the other hand, possessed that 
power," gloated the Tenchi Universe Kagato.
"And lost it." mumbled the Tenchi Muyo Kagato.
"Shut up!  I even look better than you!  I mean, I know your 
going for the evil genius look with those glasses, but it ends up 
coming off pretty pathetic."
"What?!  Well at least I don't have that disgusting green hair!  
I wouldn't be caught dead with that!"
"Alright that's it!"  The Tenchi Universe Kagato drew his sword 
and attacked.  Amidst the mayhem down below, the two Kagatos fought 
violently above.
"What is going on here?" cried Tenchi looking around him.  Three 
Mihoshi surrounded Kiyone, Two ryo-ohkis played on the ground alongside 
three Sasamis, two Tenchis were covering their ears from arguing Ryokos 
and Ayekas and three Washus, two of which appeared seconds earlier, 
were discussing dimensional theories that would make anyone's head 
explode.
Above his head, Tenchi watched the two Kagatos fighting 
vigorously and yelling various profanities.  Their swords clashed 
against the walls and against each other, sending sparks flying down 
below.  The Kagatos also shot various masses of energy at each other 
lighting up the whole room.  Above the battle cries, laughter, sobbing 
and screaming, Tenchi heard an incredible explosion, louder than any of 
the others before.
"Oh no!" cried John who had been untied some time earlier by one 
of the Sasamis.  "The dimensional tunnels are collapsing!  The machine 
is going to overload!"  Everyone in the room heard this cry and amid 
the excessive confusion, all of the Tenchi characters except those from 
Tenchi Universe, returned to their respective dimensions.
"Well," said the Tenchi Muyo Kagato to the Tenchi Universe 
Kagato, "it's been fun, but I have a dimension to be getting back to.  
You took me from it just when I was about to fight that boy.Tenchi is 
it?  I would rather fight one Tenchi than three of them.  Goodbye!"  
And with that, Kagato returned to his portal just before it closed.  
The machine began shaking violently.
"We have to get out of here!  Now!" shouted John who ran out of 
the lab followed by William and the Tenchi Universe characters.  But 
before he could escape as well, Tenchi was grabbed from behind by the 
remaining Kagato.
"You!  You!!  You will stay with me and die with me in this 
miserable dimension!" screamed Kagato.  Adrenaline rushed through 
Tenchi who leaped into the air and with a crack of energy and a flash, 
cut off Kagato's hand with his sword.  The machine caught fire and soon 
the whole lab was ablaze as Tenchi fled the building.
Kagato knelt down in pain, clenching his shattered wrist.  "Ah!" 
he called.  "Yosho!  Why must your bloodline be so strong?"  Kagato 
seemed to forget the reason that he had given to Tenchi just minutes 
earlier.  The machine exploded and Kagato was engulfed in flames.
Tenchi and the others escaped the lab just as it collapsed in a 
whirlwind of flames.  The building seemed to emit some sort of energy 
that struck William, knocking him to the floor.  The lab, or what 
remained of it, was then sucked into a massive portal, which closed 
with a snap and flash of light.  When everyone opened their eyes, there 
was no lab, no machine and no Kagato.



When they had returned, everyone sat in John's lab exhausted.  No 
one spoke for a quite a long time.  Finally Tenchi asked, "If the 
machine is destroyed how are we going to get back home?"
John sighed.  "If I had the original designs to my machine, I 
could rebuild it quickly.  But without them it could take years before 
the machine I have now is finished.
"Years!" cried Sasami.
John grew very angry.  "William!  Where are my designs?  I know 
you have them!  If you left them in your lab I swear I'll."
"I don't know what you're talking about," responded William.
"Don't play stupid.  What did you do with my plans??"
"Honestly!" William cried.  "I have no idea what the hell you are 
talking about!  Machine?  Designs?  I don't know!"
John stared at his brother in shock.  The rest of them didn't 
know what to think.  At length he spoke.  "William, what day is today?"
"Its - its March 14th isn't it?" William responded with a confused 
look.
"No, its August!"  John nearly fell back with surprise.  After 
some tests John concluded that William was not lying but had indeed 
lost his memory.  "It must have been from that energy explosion," 
continued John.  "Whenever a dimensional tunnel collapses, it emits 
high levels of energy.  I don't know what type of energy it was but it 
seems to have erased William's memory for months back.  That's even 
before I showed my findings to the scientific board.  Before he ever 
knew of the machine!  I'm sure that same energy erased the memories of 
the other Tenchi characters as well.  It seems that once again, you are 
the only one's that know of my machine."  John stood up and checked all 
of William's shirt and pants pockets but the designs were nowhere to be 
found.  Finally, John found torn up pieces of paper in William's inside 
coat pocket.  "Well!" he exclaimed.  "He must have torn up the plans 
after he built the machine.  Or after Kagato arrived maybe.  But either 
way I have them now and I can finish my machine!"



With the help of Washu, John finished his machine in under two 
weeks, less than he had expected for he didn't realize that he already 
had his supplies.  In the meantime, Tenchi and the other girls had gone 
sightseeing.  They were a little less nervous about being exposed, 
after all they went through, and were finally able to relax and 
explore.  They were not too careless however, and they still wore their 
coats and gloves despite it being the dead of summer.  Finally, one 
day, Tenchi and the others returned home to find John ecstatic.  Washu 
was smiling triumphantly.
"My machine is finally completed!"  John cried with joy.
"No problem for two scientific geniuses!" said Washu.
"It works now, you can be on your way home whenever your ready" 
John continued.  Suddenly he became depressed.  He had enjoyed the 
company of his animated friends very much and he only just now realized 
they were really going to leave.
"Yes!  I can't wait to get home!  Just me and a nice, big bottle 
of sake." Ryoko said.  John walked over to the machine and turned it 
on.
"Well, I guess you don't really have to pack or anything" John 
said laughing quietly.  "There's one more thing I wanted to ask you 
though."
"Sure what is it?" said Tenchi eager to get home.
"Well, I've been studying these dimensional tunnels ever since I 
began building my machine, collecting data and such.  I think I can 
time it so that the tunnel collapses right after all of you are 
through.  If I pull it off, the energy emitted would erase all of your 
memories of being here.  I ask you this because I realize 
how.depressing the knowledge must be.  To know that you were a product 
of someone's thoughts; hell I wouldn't be able to take it".
"Williams memories were erased for months back," said Kiyone.  
"If you did that, couldn't it be possible that we wouldn't remember 
ever going to Jurai, or ever meeting each other?"
"It's possible yes," answered John.  "I could send a note back 
with you, telling you of all the events you want to know."
"Still," said Ryoko, "it wouldn't be the same.  I might not 
remember who Tenchi is."
"Nor I," added Ayeka.
"We wouldn't know why we were on Earth!" protested Sasami.
"It's also possible," continued John.  "That I could pull it off 
perfectly, leaving you back at Tenchi's house as if nothing ever 
happened."
"I'll do whatever Tenchi wants," said Ryoko softly.
"Me too," said Ayeka.  Everyone expressed a common opinion.  
Tenchi was silent the whole time, and didn't speak for a while.
Tenchi looked up finally and sighed.  "The chance that I wouldn't 
remember anyone I've met these past few months - Ryoko, Mihoshi, Ayeka, 
Washu, Sasami, Kiyone - the chance that I may never remember the beauty 
of Jurai, or the loneliness of space.that's a risk I'm not sure that 
I'm willing to take.  And even if it did work out perfectly, if we 
never knew that we were the products of imagination, is that what we 
really want?  To go on living in ignorance?"
"Ignorance is bliss," said John smiling sadly.
"Its true that if I don't remember all of this, I might be 
happier.  But, maybe we came here for a reason.  Maybe we found this 
out in order to know that we all met each other for a reason.  I sure 
like that idea a lot better than thinking it was just a coincidence.  
Last night, I told Ayeka that it wasn't destiny which caused us to 
meet, it was a script.  But thinking back now, I realize that destiny 
is still destiny whether it's in a script or not.  My answer therefore 
is no.  I want to go home and keep the memory of this place."  When 
Tenchi had finished he took a deep breath and looked at the floor 
again.  The girls around him were smiling.  Even John seemed to perk 
up.
"Well then!" he exclaimed.  "What are we waiting for?  Lets get 
to it!"  John punched some buttons in the machine.  A portal opened.  
Through it they could see Washu's lab.  Everything seemed just the way 
they left it.  "Well, I guess this is goodbye," John finally said.  
"May-maybe I could visit you some time?" he stammered.
"Sure!  I guess you'll be a rich man by then.  Your machine is 
now ready for the whole world," said Tenchi.
"Yes, I suppose.  But I don't think the world is ready for my 
machine.  For now I think I'll keep it to myself.  Goodbye!"
Tenchi and the girls ran into the portal, which closed behind 
them in a crack.  The machine cooled off and the noise died down.  John 
was left in the lab by himself.  Somehow it seemed lonelier than it had 
all the years before.



Tenchi and the girls fell back into Washu's lab on top of each 
other.  When they had all picked themselves up, they noticed Azaka and 
Kamedaki standing before them.
"Princess Ayeka!  Princess Sasami!" yelled Azaka.  "Are you two 
alright?"
"Yes we are both fine" responded Ayeka.  "You must have had a 
scare with us being gone so long.  It's been about two weeks I 
believe."
"Two weeks?" asked Azaka quite shocked.  We just saw you 
disappear and reappear right now.  We didn't know what was happening."
"What day is today?" asked Tenchi, confused.
"It is almost 3:00 Sunday morning.  June 14th," responded 
Kamedaki.  Tenchi looked back at the girls.
"That's the day we left!  It's been barely a minute!"



Tenchi and the girls never told Azaka and Kamedaki what had 
happened.  Tenchi's grandfather Katsuhito was never told the story 
either, though it seemed as if he knew somehow.  Nobuyuki had 
apparently slept through the entire incident, explosion and all.  The 
day after they returned, Washu destroyed her dimensional machine, and 
resolved never to rebuild it again.
As the days and weeks went by, many of them began to doubt if 
what they saw had really occurred.  It couldn't have been a dream, they 
said, because they all remembered it.  Some of them believed it might 
have been an illusion; others thought it was simply a 'fake' dimension, 
created by Washu's machine.  In response, Washu would always claim that 
her machine couldn't have possibly created the dimension.  However, as 
more and more time went by, even Washu began to second-guess herself.  
In the end, it was only Tenchi who truly believed the dimension was 
real.  He often thought about it to himself.  In these instances, it 
was the glances of his grandfather that comforted him, as if they 
contained infinite wisdom.  
Tenchi and the girls had no rest to their adventures following 
the 'dimension incident'.  Other events took priority in their lives 
and soon the other dimension they had seen became a vague and distant 
memory.  It never completely left their minds however, and occasionally 
they caught glimpses of it in their dreams.  In the end it became 
nothing more than 'just another adventure'.

THE END


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

[Afterword] - The idea for this fanfic originally came to me when I was 
still planning for my first one.  I decided to write this was first, as 
a kind of practice run.  When I first thought of the story, I wanted it 
simply to be a comedy, where the Tenchi characters get loose in our 
world and create mayhem.  As I wrote it however, I began injecting some 
serious scenes.  I didn't want the characters to simply be blind to the 
facts of their existence, especially Tenchi.  Think about it - if you 
were warped into another world and found out that your entire life was 
just some television show, written by an entertainment company, 
wouldn't you be slightly distressed?  Hell I would.
	In the end though, it's just a funny story - particularly the 
end, where the characters from every series run amok in the laboratory.  
It's not exactly the most realistic fanfic in the world, but at least I 
try to explain how Tenchi and the gang could exist somewhere in the 
universe, and how they could get into our world.
	Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this fanfic.  I definitely had a lot 
of fun writing it and I still intend to write my "original" fanfic - 
the one that I began before this one.  If you notice any discrepancies 
or mistakes in this story, please let me know.  I'm a big stickler for 
that kind of stuff so I'll probably edit it and resubmit it if 
possible.  Also, please give me some feedback.  Did you love the story?  
Did you hate it?  Tell me, I'll try to write back a response.  These 
and any other questions or comments should be sent to 
mont@pipeline.com.
  
