No Need for Marines - Prologue
------------------------------
To be read BEFORE No Need for Marines saga. Helps introduce SGT. William Biggs.



	The roar of the jet was immmense. The smell of jet fuel filled his nose. 
It was heaven. Night insertion into hostile territory. Ain't nothing like it in 
the world, Biggs thought. His spotter, James, was looking a bit pale. "It'll be 
ok son," Biggs said jokingly to his childhood friend. "I'll be happy when we get 
to take care FATMAN and I'm back in my office reading Soldier of Fortune 
magazine and drinking some Surge." "Don't worry, man. We'll get 'em." The Jet 
began to hover and Biggs and James rappeled out of it. 

	The trip to the FATMAN's stronghold was simple. Fifty minutes of stalking 
through the forest and they were there. A few moments later, they were set up. 
Biggs scanned the area with his night vision Uretel 1500x scope, which was 
mounted on his 7.62mm Remington 700 bolt-action rifle while James spotted for 
FATMAN. FATMAN was the code name for Headmaster Valdur, the leader of the 
NewFounded U.S.S.R. The cold war started back up after WWIII, better known as 
America's Second Civil war. After the Federals won the war, Valdur took his 
chance, knowing America and it's military was crippled and reunited the empire 
that America disbaned back in the 1980's. Biggs had fought for the Rebels in 
that war. It was not a nice war either. Over 300,000 cities were leveled. Biggs 
shook his wandering thoughts off and focused on making the shot.

	Biggs always had a problem staying alert with his eye behind a scope. 
Everything but the crosshairs dissolved away when he was on duty. This made him 
the most deadly of snipers in the Marine corps. This also made him most 
vuneralbe when he was making a hit. He saw Valdur and readied for a shot. He 
whispered to James, "I need the wind speed and yardage to FATMAN." No answer. 
"James. I need the windage and yardage.....James? Brian, where are you?". Biggs 
released his focus on the scope. His partner, and long time friend, Brian James 
was gone.

	Biggs broke military code and began looking for James. He had a feeling 
he'd find him in the stronghold. Biggs sneaked around, slowly moving towards the 
base, using the trees as cover. After 15 minutes, waiting for the spotlights to 
make their rounds, he was in the lower half of the base. Biggs unholstered his 
Colt .45 ACP and began searching the compound. He heard footsteps behind him. 
The next thing he knew, he had concrete floor kissing his cheek.

	He awoke chained to a wall, various torture items lying on a table to the 
right of the cell. A tall, square jawed Russian was staring at him. In a thick 
accent he said "I see our wunderval friend has avoken. How vas your nap?" Biggs 
spit in the Russian's direction. "Where is my spotter?!" Biggs yelled. "He is 
getting some special treatment. I hope you aren't very attacthed to him." "You 
fucking cock sucker! Bring me my spotter. He isn't apart of this!" "Very vell 
then. Bring ze ingrate in please." the russian commanded. A couple of strong 
arms brought in what was left of James. He had been disembowweled. All of his 
fingers had been cut off as well. Biggs looked away quickly, half gagging, half 
crying. He screamed, trying to hold back his vomit, "Damnit, you fucking commie 
ass suckers. DAMNIT." "Yes, go avead and cry, you filthy american. Now its your 
turn. 

	Biggs struggled to break his bindings. His legs were un shackled, but his 
arms were flushed with the wall. The russian approached with an electric drill. 
When the russian was in range, Biggs kicked him in the groin. The russian 
collapsed the drill still spinning. Biggs grabbed the drill with his bare feet, 
raised the drill to the wrist shackles and was free in a matter of minutes. He 
said jokingly "Thank you, Yoga instructor." He grabbed the russian around the 
neck and twisted. Biggs heard to familiar cracking of a snapped neck and leapt 
out of the cell, running into the forest.

	The military trail was three months later. Biggs had violated code, and 
had failed a mission that wouldve prevented a still going conflict in Kosovo. He 
was under the charges of AWOL, Murder of a POW, and involuntary manslaughter. He 
faced three life terms in the INSS (International Space Station) Prison. He was 
found guilty and convicted on all accounts. 

	After almost 13 parole hearings Biggs had given up hope of getting out of 
prison. He was a victim of bad media and sore patriotic feelings. He had failed 
his country and he was paying for it. Finally, Biggs had decided the only way 
out was suicide.

	Following many weeks of planning, Biggs had chosen the perfect night for 
his self murder. He had built a noose out of wire collected from coat hangers. 
It was his sector's Dark Night, where all lights were out and all prisoners in 
bed by 6 PM. No one would notice until morning, thus, his attemp would work. But 
what he hadn't taken into account was the fact a bomb had been planted in the 
Prison by a budding prisoner wanting revenge on "THE MAN".

	The bomb exploded the second Biggs was about to kick the chair from under 
him. The blast rocked the Prison. Biggs fell down and landed on the bunk. The 
noose, incidentially broke as soon as he put pressure on it. The cell door was 
shattered. Biggs looked out. Prisoners lay everywhere, either wounded or dead. 
Some were running to the escape pod area. Biggs saw the floor of the prison 
begging to collaspe. He quickly made his way out of the cell and to the escape 
pods, dodging fallen pillars and many dead bodies. He saw three pods left and 
quickly opened the hatch to one. He jumped in and pressed the launch button, 
praying he'd make a safe landing on earth.

	He awoke, thinking it all to be a dream, inside the pod. He opened the 
hatch, only to find it half buried in the ground. After some struggle the hatch 
feel off its hinges and he stepped out into the warm spring air. He was on 
earth. 

	He quickly assesed his position by studying the shrine to the left. It 
also helped that a sign on it read 'Masaki Shrine: Japan's most beautiful area'. 
"Wonder how far I am from Tokyo." Biggs thought. Suddenly, he heard voices. A 
red haired girl and an old man were walking up the trail towards the pod. Biggs 
quickly made his way into the forest. He was back in his enviroment. There's no 
way he was letting himself get caught again.

End: Now go read No Need for Marines Chapters 1-4! ---TLo
