No Need for Kori! (Name subject to change)- Chapter 1: Nika and Kori Arrive
----

Just above Earth a ship emerges from subspace. A girl stands on the bridge, 
working the controls. She is the physical age of about 9, has long black hair 
which hangs just below her shoulders. The girl brushes her bangs from her eyes 
as she gazes at the marble-like planet before her.

"Sake?" She calls. A small robot lowers from the ceiling.

"Yes, Nika," the robot, whom is apparently named Sake, responds.

"Could you tell Kori we're almost there?"

"Alright." Sake disappears into the ceiling.

In another section of the ship, a man with short blue hair lies on a bed in a 
small room, snoring. The room is covered from floor to ceiling with maps, 
weapons, and electronics among other random things. A small space in the ceiling 
opens and Sake lowers from it.

"Kori, it's time to get up," the robot says calmly. Kori doesn't move. "Kori 
time to get up," Sake repeats. Kori throws the blanket off himself and onto 
Sake, showing that Kori is wearing a black shirt and gray pants. A tan trench 
coat lies at his side.

Nika is still sitting at the controls, now reading a book.

"He won't get up," Sake's says over a radio.
 
"Put me through," Nika growls.

Back in Kori's room, there is a click as Sake turns the radio on.

"KORI! GET UP!!!" Nika screams, the radio protesting with a chorus of screeches.

"Gyah!" Kori yelps as he falls to the floor in shock. He curses as he stands. 
"Did you really need to do that?!" Kori yells as Nika enters the room. "You 
could have at least-"

"We're not far from Earth," Nika says.

----

Not far away Detective Mihoshi sits in her cruiser.

"Mihoshi, I have detected a ship. I believe it's piloted by Nika Hosamu. I 
suggest we contact your superior before we do anything," Yukinojo says.

"I'll capture them myself!" Mihoshi proclaims.

"I have detected another ship," Sake says. "It appears to be a Galaxy Police 
vessel."

"Is it Koshi?" Kori asks.

"No, it's a different one, and..... Wait, the pilot is sending out a signal for 
us to give up." Sake says. "Shall I attempt to contact them?"

"Go ahead, open up a video link." Kori answers. A video window opens in front of 
him, and a woman in a uniform appears on it.

"I am Galaxy Police Detective 1st Class Mihoshi," She says. "Stop your ship Nika 
Hosamu!"

"What are you going to do if we don't?" Nika asks.

"Hurry, go faster Yukinojo, we cant let them get away." The GP ship begins to 
gain speed.

---

"The ship has begun to speed up, and at this rate will crash into us." Sake 
says.

"What the hell is she doing?!" Nika yells.

"Stop! You're going to crash into us!!" Kori yells.

"I can't stop!!" Mihoshi bawls.

The two ships smash into each other and are pulled into the gravity of the 
nearby planet Earth. The ships make it through the atmosphere, and eventually 
crash into a lake. The ships slowly sink below the water.  Kori suddenly appears 
on the shore with Nika, both of them dripping wet. Nika wipes her bangs from her 
face.

"Well, at least we're alive," Kori mumbles. Mihoshi stumbles onto shore.

She coughs up some water and pulls out her blaster. "You're under arrest!"

"Shut up," Kori says flatly. He raises his hand, and a blob of blue goo rises up 
out of the ground and covers the blonde detective, immobilizing her.

"Who are you and why are you here?" A female voice demands.

Kori turns around, and is face to face with Ryoko.

"I'm Kori, this is Nika. This moron detective crashed into our ship," Kori 
answers calmly. A young man with black hair jogs up to them.

"What happened, Ryoko?" He asks. "And who are they?"

"I'm Kori and this is Nika," Kori says. "You are?"

"Tenchi Masaki," He answers.

"You wouldn't happen to know of somewhere we could dry off?" Nika asks. "This 
detective crashed into us and we went down in the lake."

Tenchi notices Mihoshi in the blob of goo. "What did you do to Mihoshi?"

"Don't worry, I just restrained her. Do you know her?" 

"Yeah, she lives here," Tenchi answers.

"Oh."  Kori raises his hand again, and the goo vanishes.

"You can come to our house to dry off if you want," Tenchi offers.

"Thank you, your hospitality is appreciated," Kori says, bowing slightly.

----

Later at the house Kori is wearing a pair of Tenchi's clothes, and Nika one of 
Sasami's outfits. Kori, Nika, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko are sitting in the living 
room talking, and Sasami is in the kitchen preparing tea.

"So, you're a space pirate too, huh?" Ryoko says to Kori.

"Mm-hmm, and I'm a smuggler and a firearms expert," Nika says.

"Oh, how interesting," Ayeka says in her fake I'm-so-happy voice. "Great, just 
what we need...more criminals," She says under her breath.

Sasami comes out of the kitchen with a tray with cups of tea on it. She holds it 
out to Kori and Nika, whom grashiously accept a cup. Kori sips his tea.

"This has to be the best tea I've ever tasted," Kori says, smiling at Sasami. 
She blushes.

"Thank you," she responds softly.

Kori jumps to his feet. "Crap! I just remembered I left Konak-Ohki in the ship!" 
He teleports out of the house, and reappears a minute later with small furry 
animal in his arms. The animal jumps out of Kori's arms and onto the table. It's 
a cabbit, like Ryo-ohki, but with calico colored fur. Konak-Ohki shakes himself 
off.

"Miya?" He says, looking around the room.

"Oh, how cute!" Sasami giggles. "He's just like Ryo-ohki!"

The cabbit looks up at Kori, unsure whether or not the strangers were friend or 
foe.

Kori smiles. "It's okay, say hello."

"Miya-miya mi-miya!"

"Who is Ryo-ohki?" Kori asks.

"My cabbit-ship," Ryoko answers.

"How strange.... And all this time I thought Konak-Ohki was one-of-a-kind," Kori 
says.

"I thought Miss Washu said she only made one," Ayeka says.

"Washu?! She's here?!" Kori and Nika exclaim in unison.

"Yes, why?" Tenchi asks.

"She was my best friend!" Nika says happily.

"And she's my....." Kori pauses. "I've just always wanted to meet her..."

Nika gives him a confused look, then sighs. "Where is Washu?" She asks.

"In her lab, the entrance is under the stairs," Tenchi replies.

"She'll be so happy to see me again," Nika says as she walks up to the door. She 
knocks.

"Come in," Washu says.

Nika slowly opens the door and enters the lab. Washu is sitting at her computer 
with her back to Nika.

"Washu-chan?" Nika says softly. 

Washu spins around in her chair.

"Nika? Is that you?!" Washu cries. 

Nika nods. The two of them hug. 

"It's been so long!" Nika says. "I was worried about what happened to you when I 
heard Kagato got you."

"As you can see I'm just fine," Washu says. Two chairs appear and the two of 
them sit down. "So, are you still a smuggler?"

"Not so much any more," She says. "I've been working with a space pirate by the 
name of Kori. You two should talk, I'd bet you would get along," She says 
smiling. "He's a scientist too."

Washu grins. "Does Nika-chan have a boyfriend?" She asks teasingly.

Nika blushes. "Well, I... umm... I suppose you could say that," She looks at 
Washu. "What about you?"

"Well, there is Tenchi, but all the girls here are after him."

"We met him just a little bit ago. He seems like a nice boy. So what have you 
been up to lately?"

---

Sasami pets Konak-Ohki. "Are you hungry? We have lots of carrots."

"Miyaaa!!" the cabbit exclaims happily.

Sasami smiles. "Come with me," She says as she starts to walk to the kitchen. 
Konak-Ohki meows happily and runs after her.

Kori sips his tea. "Tenchi would it be alright if Nika and I stay here for a 
while? We won't be any trouble at all."

Tenchi, ever polite responds, "I suppose it would be alright. Although we don't 
have much room."

Kori bows. "Thank you. The rooming will be no problem."

The door to Washu's lab opens, and Washu and Nika walk out. Kori stands.

"Professor Washu, I presume?"

"You must be Kori," Washu says smiling. What was this feeling? It was as if she 
knew him.

"I have some questions that I feel that only you may be able to answer," Kori 
says. "But first, you wouldn't happen to have a computer I could use? I would 
like to set up my subspace lab."

Washu's computer appears.

"I could set up a subspace port in my lab for you, if you like," Washu says 
typing.

"Certainly, thank you. Subspace pocket 77934019."

Washu types and a password box appears. Washu steps back and Kori types in a 
password.

"There," Washu says. "All done."

"Lets see, my ethereal computer should work now..." Kori places his hands in 
front of him and a computer just like Washu's appears.

"What?! That's impossible! It's just like mine!"

"Hmm, so it is,	" Kori says. "Something that may also interest is the 
existence of 2 cabbits. Konak-Ohki!"

The cabbit jumps onto Kori's shoulder.

"I would have done a DNA scan on the two of them sooner, but my ethereal 
computer wasn't working," Kori says as he pets the cabbit on the head. He brings 
up his computer and begins to type. "Mmm-hmm.... DNA is almost a perfect 
match.... Take a look..."

Washu brings up her own computer and Kori transfers the data.

"You must have stolen my design!" Washu says as she looks over the DNA.

"No," Kori says, crossing his arms, "I've had it since I was a child."

"Impossible," Washu responds, shaking her head.

"Not impossible," Kori responds with a smile, "just highly unlikely."

----

Damn... took my awhile, but chapter one 
