Disclamer:  I don't own Tenchi Muyo!, Pioneer does.  I down own any
of the charactors in this story.  Well, some of them are mine, but I don't
have legal rights or anything.  Anyway, please don't sue me.  I have exactly
73 cents.

No Need for War
By: Spungo (StanleyC1@aol.com)

Part I of a series
Tenchi gets drafted into the army

Tenchi Masaki was sitting down for breakfast, prepared by the master chef,
Sasami. Ryoko was in her usual place at Tenchi's side. This particular
morning
however, she did not feel inclined to hit on him. Not yet at least.
Suddenly there was a knock at the door. "I'll get it" Sasami hurried out of
the
kitchen drying her hands with a dishrag. Moments later, she came back.
Sasami: "Tenchi it's for you."
Tenchi:     "Who is it, Sasami"
Sasami: "It's the little man from the drafts board."
Tenchi:     "WHAT!?!"
Tenchi went running to the door.

Standing in the doorway was a little man, almost 3 1/2
feet tall, wearing a large green coat and a small derby hat on top of his
large bald
head. "Hello sir"
Tenchi:     "What is it?"
Little man from the drafts board:   "You're being drafted into the Terran
army."
Tenchi:     "But why, there's no war going on, is there?"
The little man from the drafts board pulled out a large folder lable
'CLASSIFIED' and took out a few
documents. Tenchi took them and started to read.
Tenchi:     "'The Terran Military has openly declared war on the
Preuioarians' The Preuioarians? What the hell?"
Little man from the drafts board:   "That's the army from the planet of
Preuioaria."
Tenchi: "'For years the Preuioarions have been sending the leaders of earth
free samples and club memberships for 'preuns' , a food found only on their
planet, mainly eaten by old people, and bear a striking resemblance to
prunes. Because the leaders of Earth are sick and tired of getting sample
magazines of 'Preunes Today' they have decided to completely wipe out the
cause.'"
Little man from the drafts board:   "And you've been drafted into the army
to
help kill
off the vile threat that preuns have on our society."
Tenchi face faulted. "This war seems utterly pointless to me!"
"Aren't all wars pointles?" Washu's voice came from behind him.
Tenchi:     "Washu-chan?"
Washu:      "I've signed up to be in the army too! Having a genius might
help
out immensely."
Tenchi:     "But Washu..."
Washu:      "Save it Tenchi, we have to go now."
And so Tenchi, Washu, and the little man from the draftsboard left.

.