[Mihoshi, Kiyone, and the rest of the Tenchi crew were created by Masaki 
Kajishima and are
property of AIC. In no way am I profiting from using their names or 
concepts, unless you count
having fun as a profit. This story takes place after the end of "Tenchi 
Universe" (i.e. the first TV
series) before Mihoshi and Kiyone rejoin the "carnival" on Earth. Note that 
when a sentence is
encapsulated in asterisks (*) it represents internal monologue.]

No Need for Friendship
by Death Quaker

A tall young woman, seemingly especially young for one wearing Galaxy Police 
officer's blues,
stepped into her her office at the Seventh Headquarters. Straight 
greenish-blue hair was swept
back business-like behind her shoulder; every pip and stripe on her uniform 
was in place, and she
moved with an energy that didn't seem to quit--until one noticed her eyes, 
heavy-lidded, slightly
dark circles growing beneath them. Detective-Sergeant Kiyone Makibi grumbled 
slightly to
herself as she looked at the collection of papers and data disks 
piled--neatly, of course, but piled
nonetheless--on her desk. The mountain of paperwork seemed to have grown 
since she'd been at
the officer's staff meeting.

*They ask us to finish the quarterly report by tomorrow morning, and then 
hold us in a pointless
meeting for three and a half hours.* She sighed, clenching a fist and then 
releasing it. *I was
supposed to have a break tonight, dammit.*

Anyone who knew Kiyone knew she wasn't the type to slack off, to say the 
least--quite the
contrary, she'd been accused by more than a few of being a workaholic. So if 
she was looking for
a break, she needed it. But, as always, duty came first. She reached for a 
disk with a blue label on
it, the one which contained her report, and popped it into her desk 
terminal.

Instead of her report, a smiling image of a character from a popular 
holovid, "Handle with Care!"
appeared on screen instead. The program's theme song began to play as the 
character, a little girl
named Hanako, climbed to the top of a mountain: "Come with me, let's go on a 
great adventure!
Let's journey to places strange and new! Together we can't be stopped by 
anything!" Kiyone's
jaw hit her desk.

Shaking her head, Kiyone backed out of the program and checked the disk's 
index. It was filled
with files of the holo-program. Her report was no where to be found. She 
scrambled around,
looking for any other disk that looked like the one she needed, but that was 
the only one. She
even popped in other disks, just in case she had forgotten which one 
contained the document, but
to no avail. Kiyone began to tremble. Her eyes narrowed. Her hands formed 
into fists once more;
she had to force one of her hands open again so she could tap a code into 
the comm unit on her
desk.

A cheery voice began to chirp over the unit, "This is the Chief of Criminal 
Preven-"

"MIHOSHI!" Kiyone interrupted her.

"Oh hello, Kiyone, what can I-"

"Mihoshi, you get over to my office right now!"

"Is something wro-"

"NOW, Mihoshi!"

"Okay! I'll be right there! Bye!" Kiyone heard a series of "oops"es and some 
paper shuffling
before the comm connection was broken with a click.

Moments later, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, Chief of Criminal Prevention and Kiyone's 
former partner,
appeared in the door of Kiyone's office. Mihoshi hadn't changed much since 
her promotion; only
she could manage to make her chief's uniform look informal with her tousled 
blonde ponytail held
back by the usual lopsided maroon bow. She beamed at Kiyone. "Hi, Kiyone! 
Did you want to see
me?"

Kiyone had been taking several deep breaths in order to keep herself calm. 
"Mihoshi," she said
very slowly. "Do you know what this is?" She held up the disk with the blue 
label.

Mihoshi smiled. "Oh!" she said gleefully. "_That_ must be where my disk with 
"Handle with
Care!" went. Thank you, Kiyone, for finding it!"

"Why was it here to begin with, Mihoshi?"

"Well, see, Mobira had sent me the episodes over digital mail, but you know 
how they delete
things from our personal files in a few hours for security reasons, right? 
So I wanted to save them
to disk, but then I spilled tea on my computer, and had to let it dry out. I 
was afraid the files
would get deleted in the meantime, so I thought maybe you'd let me use your 
terminal, so I came
over to your office, and you weren't here, so I just quick got in and saved 
them on an old disk
that was lying around. I guess I left the disk here--sorry!" Mihoshi 
finished with a slightly nervous
giggle, noticing that Kiyone's hand had begun to shake rather violently.

"Mihoshi..." Kiyone growled.

Mihoshi broke out in a nervous sweat. "Um, Kiyone, you're not mad, right? I 
mean, I know we're
not supposed to receive personal mail, but you know Mobira, he doesn't 
really pay attention to-"

"MIHOSHI!" Kiyone slammed her fist down on her desk. Veins protruded on her 
forehead.

Mihoshi swallowed nervously. Beads of sweat appeared on her forehead.

"My quarterly report was on this disk! You saved your damn holovid over my 
report! There's
nothing left! I have to write an entire new report and turn it in at 0800 
tomorrow morning.
THAT'S GOING TO TAKE ME ALL NIGHT, MIHOSHI!"

"Is there a problem, ladies?" Captain Fumo, a tall, dark-skinned, 
dark-haired main with slightly
pointed ears appeared in the doorway to Kiyone's office. Both immediately 
faced him and saluted.

"I wanted to see how you were coming along with that report, Sergeant 
Makibi. I was hoping you
might have it done early so I might be able to take it with me on my way to 
the commander's
office," he said, offering the wide-eyed women a polite, cold smile.

"Erm." Kiyone said awkwardly. "Not--you see..." she began, not knowing how 
to finish.

Mihoshi raised her hand as if she were volunteering an answer in school. 
"It's my fault, sir! I seem
to have used Kiyone's disk-"

Fumo silenced Mihoshi with a marked "Ahem." He looked at Kiyone. "Is the 
report not ready,
Kiyone?"

Before Kiyone could answer, the captain had taken the disk from her hand and 
popped it into the
terminal. Hanako's grinning face appeared on the screen once again, ready to 
take her friends on a
new adventure. Fumo halted the program and glared at Kiyone. "I see," he 
said coldly.

"Sir! There's been a mistake-" Kiyone started, but Fumo cut her off with a 
sharp look.

"I don't care what excuse you have to give me. You're a high-ranking officer 
at this station, and
what's more, you're a role model! I don't want to know why you have this 
running on your
machine, and I don't care to know if it's Mihoshi's fault or not!"

Kiyone's face went rather pale.

"You have an important job, and it's high time you stopped blaming your 
problems on other
people. This isn't a light-duty deep space patrol, Kiyone, this is 
headquarters, and you're a
decorated officer! There's no time for this kind of dillydallying." He 
looked at Mihoshi. "Even
Chief Kuramitsu got her report into me this morning! I expect at the _very_ 
least the same kind of
performance from you! Now have that report on my terminal by ten hundred 
hours tomorrow
morning. And if this foolishness happens again, consider yourself demoted!" 
Fumo spun on his
heel and exited the room.

Kiyone waited for the captain's footsteps to fade before she turned on her 
old partner, face
growing scarlet first with embarrassment, then rage. "Dammit, Mihoshi! What 
the hell do you
think you're doing? I finally get promoted and in a good place and you're 
still making my life and
career a living hell! Is that what you live for, Mihoshi? Just keeping me 
down and miserable? I
wish I'd never met you, you damnable IDIOT!"

Tears appeared at the corners of Mihoshi's eyes. "I-I'm sorry, Kiyone. It 
was an accide-"

"It's always an accident!" Kiyone snapped. "_You're_ an accident! We're not 
partners anymore,
Mihoshi, so I wish you would JUST LEAVE ME ALONE!"

Mihoshi sniffled, eyes watering even more. "Do- do you mean it, Kiyone?"

"YES!" Kiyone shouted, slamming her fist on the desk once again, causing 
Mihoshi to jump. She
looked at the piles of paper on her desk, the idea of all the paperwork and 
the threat of demotion
from the captain overwhelming her, so much so she actually grew physically 
dizzy.

"Kiyone!" Mihoshi cried as she saw Kiyone grab her desk for support. She 
instinctively moved to
help, but Kiyone pushed her away.

"Don't touch me, you clutz!" Kiyone moved away from the desk and headed for 
the door.

"Where are you going, Kiyone?" Mihoshi called after her.

"I'm going to go down to Rylas Station to clear my head. And if I see you 
here when I come
back..." Kiyone shook a warning fist at Mihoshi and headed for the door.

"But Kiyone..." Mihoshi called to her, reaching out her hand as if to try 
and catch her. Kiyone
ignored her, exiting and shutting the door behind her with a slam. Mihoshi 
stopped, rubbing her
chin with concern, staring at the disk. Her eyes lit. "Wait a minute! 
Kiyone!" She opened the door and ran out down
the hallway, hoping to catch up with her former partner.

************************************

*I've never been this angry this before,* Kiyone thought to herself, trying 
to calm herself down as
she headed toward the shuttle bay. Her hands were still trembling. *I've 
been through some pretty
bad things, and I've never been this upset. And over what? Paperwork?*

*Well, and my career. You'd think I'd get used to that by now. Mihoshi...* 
Kiyone rubbed her
temples as the image of the smiling blonde entered her head. *Of course, she 
never means to do
anything wrong...*

*But I _am_ sick of it,* the other part of her mind said. *She doesn't plan 
ahead, she doesn't look
where she's going, she never thinks about the consequences of anything, and 
she ends up being
one giant roadblock to everyone else's life. To _my_ life, anyway. The road 
to promotion should
have never been this difficult. And if you're not careful, and she keeps 
getting in your way, you
might have to start all over again at ground zero.*

Kiyone paused again as the memory of the tears in Mihoshi's usually starry 
eyes appeared clearly
in her mind. *But why should I care? She's just one big stumbling block to 
my career.*

The officer took several deep breaths. *I still shouldn't have yelled like 
that. Fumo's right. It's...
it's my responsibility.* Kiyone shook her head. *This isn't how I imagined 
my life in the big chair
to be. I've never had to do this much damn paperwork in my life, and I don't 
get to do much else.
I guess break on Rylas could be a good idea, before I go back to writing 
tonight.* She sighed,
punching in the code to requisition a shuttle, wishing in a way it could 
have been good old
Yagami. *I wasn't planning on sleeping anyway.*

*********************************

Rylas Station was a commercial spaceport located between Galaxy Police HQ 
and the planet
Katar. Starting off as a small re-supply station for the many ships that 
traveled through this area,
Rylas had slowly grown into a fully self-supporting city-in-space, with all 
the splendors and
problems popular cities have.

Kiyone hadn't visited Rylas in ages. She had spent the better part of a year 
on Earth and then as a
refugee in space with the Masaki crew, and once she had returned to HQ, she 
was far too busy for
much recreation. Most of her recreation had, as a matter of fact, been 
having tea breaks with
Mihoshi.

As a rookie, Kiyone had discovered the Galaxy bar, where she and some of her 
old academy
friends used to go after a long patrol to relax. It wasn't the nicest place 
in the world, but the
workers were friendly, the music was good, and the drinks were cheap. 
Probably not the best
place for a decorated sergeant to be relaxing, but... she wasn't in uniform 
anyway, and at least
maybe she could relive some fond memories.

A pint of Alphan ale later and Kiyone was slightly more relaxed due to the 
depressant hitting her
system, but she wasn't feeling much better. The memories had returned, of 
her and Mitsuki and
Achi hanging out here, having a great time, laughing and dancing and singing 
drunkenly at the
karaoke machine... they were good times, but Kiyone also remembered that as 
soon as Mitsuki
started going somewhere on her career, she pretty much abandoned Kiyone and 
everyone in
hopes of impressing the top brass. Kiyone held back tears as she remembered 
Mitsuki holding a
gun on her like she were a pathetic felon, without question believing Kiyone 
was involved in
Princess Ayeka's "conspiracy." Mitsuki had been _smiling_ as she had 
prepared to arrest Kiyone,
even as she crooned, "This isn't easy for me, you know." What medals would 
she have gotten for
capturing Kiyone the traitor?

Kiyone closed her eyes, trying not to think about it anymore. Niwase wasn't 
much better. She'd
never betrayed anyone, but once she'd got in with Chief Kamesuke and his 
buddies, she never
thought once of saying hello to an old friend, even in passing.

Kiyone stood up, tossing some money to the barkeep, and headed out the door. 
She thrust her
hands in her pockets and started to walk, mind more on her troubles than on 
where she was
going. With friends like those... After her reward of a promotion, it was 
satisfying, ordering
Mitsuki around like a ball-busting drill sergeant, but only for about a 
week. Mitsuki downright
hated Kiyone. And it wasn't because she had ordered Mitsuki around either. 
It's because Kiyone
had been promoted first. That's all. Petty, petty envy. And yet, Kiyone 
knew, she was envious of
Mitsuki when she had heard she was assigned to Special Investigations when 
Kiyone had only
been assigned to Criminal Investigation Team Nine. But she wouldn't have 
tried to hurt Mitsuki.
If someone had asked her to arrest her, she'd want to know why. She'd have 
thought something
was wrong. Wouldn't she?

Or would she had done what she always did, followed her duty above and 
beyond anything else?
The only time she hadn't was when she had helped Princess Ayeka and the 
others, and she had
done that because Mihoshi had blundered into the old sergeant's office and 
aroused his suspicion,
forcing them both to go on the run.

Would Kiyone have helped Ayeka if she had been able, otherwise, to continue 
on in her career at
the Galaxy Police? Would she have chased down Ryo-ohki and arrested Ayeka 
and Ryoko if she
had been ordered to? What would they have done when Ryo-ohki ran out of 
energy, and there
had been no Yagami to teleport to?

The truth was, Kiyone had never even thought about this until now. She was 
too busy... too busy
to consider her friends, perhaps. *Do I even have any friends anymore?* 
Thoughts drifted back to
Mihoshi, and the tears in her eyes that appeared as Kiyone had yelled at 
her. "Just leave me
alone," Kiyone had said. *Guess not. And the only other friends I had... 
well, they're all back on
Earth, aren't they? All back in the middle of nowhere, where when I was 
there, I spent all my time
trying to get out.*

"You're looking a little lonely, lady. Care for some company?" The male 
voice startled Kiyone
out of her reverie. She looked up to see a tall, wiry young man with messy, 
spiky red hair
grinning--or perhaps leering was a better word--at her.

The cold lump which immediately formed in the pit of Kiyone's stomach told 
her to get away
from him. There was something in his eyes she didn't like, nothing she 
couldn't describe
explicitly, just something she knew from years of work in the field tracking 
down criminals of all
sorts. She forced a smile at him. "No, thanks, I'm fine." She continued to 
walk, looking around at
the "streets" (massive corridors) of the space station. The cold lump grew 
as she realized she
didn't quite recognize where she was. It _had_ been a long time since she 
had visited Rylas, and
recent renovations to the space station even made formerly familiar areas 
look strange. The ale
probably hadn't helped her sense of direction either. *Dammit! What the hell 
was I thinking?*
Kiyone cursed herself.

"Now where do you think you're going?" The red-haired man grabbed Kiyone's 
arm, squeezing
just a little too tight. "I was just being friendly. You look like you could 
use a friend or two." He
smiled another greasy smile as Kiyone heard shuffling nearby. He wasn't 
alone. Still trying to get
her bearings, Kiyone had realized she had walked the wrong way, opposite in 
direction to the
transit areas where there was heavy tourist traffic. She was in a storage 
area, and with a sinking
heart, she figured she was the only one in this corridor who wasn't one of 
Red-Hair's friends.

*Don't panic,* Kiyone warned herself, forcing field training to take over. 
She pushed her way out
of the man's grip and continued to walk, as her other hand began to reach 
inside her jacket. "I
don't need any friends, thank you."

Suddenly, Kiyone was on the floor. Something had barrelled into her out of 
nowhere--another
man, a small one, with slicked-back black hair and reddish skin. Red-Hair 
cursed under his breath;
the little guy had perhaps jumped the gun, but it didn't matter now for any 
of them. As Kiyone
shoved the man off of her, yet another one, this one a big guy with a blue, 
star-shaped tattoo on
his face, grabbed her wrist and yanked her onto her feet. Her arm socket did 
not appreciate the
treatment. Out of the corner of her eye, a fourth figure appeared, this one 
dark-skinned and all in
black.

Red-Hair smiled. "Good thing for us you don't have any, then, I guess." All 
of the men were
smiling, and Kiyone knew exactly what they were planning to do. Blue Star 
placed his hand across
her mouth. They started to pull her off into another corridor, with her 
struggling all the way, but
everytime she'd almost pull herself free, another hand would come out of 
nowhere to incapacitate
her again. They were very careful to keep her conscious, however, and the 
most likely reason why
made Kiyone's stomach lurch.

"No point in struggling, mis-AAH!" The man in black grabbed the side of his 
head. Red laser
beams ricocheted through the corridor. He'd been shot, if only in the ear, 
but Kiyone allowed a bit
of hope to enter her heart as she watched the man pull away from her, 
moaning as blood gurgled
from underneath the hand clapped to his head.

"Freeze!" A new, yet familiar, voice yelled. It was a woman's voice, 
slightly high-pitched, though
at the moment unusually hardened by anger. "Galaxy Police! Unhand that 
woman!"

All four men and Kiyone looked to see a blonde woman in full dress Galaxy 
Police Blues, the kind
officers at the central office wore, training a small laser pistol at the 
crowd. Her hands were
trembling, just barely, but her eyes gleamed with a determined focus Kiyone 
rarely ever saw.
Mihoshi for once meant business.

The man in black was still clutching the side of his head, and Kiyone used 
the opportunity to
swing away from him. She proceeded to kick the big guy, working herself free 
from him as well.
Red-Hair still had a good hold on her other wrist, but Little Guy looked 
like he was about to wet
his pants, so knocking him over wouldn't be too difficult.

"One move and I'll shoot again," Mihoshi warned. Kiyone inwardly smiled. At 
least they didn't
know she couldn't aim to shoot fish in a barrel, she thought. Mihoshi 
continued, very
professionally. "Release the woman and put your hands up. You are all under 
arrest."

Kiyone had almost struggled her way free, and the little guy was ready to 
bolt. Red-Hair wasn't
convinced, however. "Guys, it's one cop, and she looks like a cream puff. We 
can handle her."

Completely free from Blue Star, Kiyone gave the big guy a solid groin kick, 
effectively disabling
for a moment their strongest opponent. Sliding behind the injured man in 
black--boy, was he a
wimp, he was still crying--she drew the blaster she still habitually carried 
inside her jacket, even
though she no longer regularly worked in the field. "That's no cream puff, 
buddy. That's my
partner." *Okay, she is a cream puff. But they don't know that. And hell, 
the way she's got them
covered, she'd almost fool me.* She gave Red-Hair a leer of her own.

Little Guy did bolt, ducking quickly into a side corridor. Mihoshi fired at 
him but missed. "Never
mind him, Mihoshi!" Kiyone said, kicking the guy in black over, firmly 
planting one foot on top of
him. "You heard her! Put your hands up!" Mihoshi re-trained her blaster on 
Blue Star as Kiyone
held off Red-Hair. The two raised their hands in surrender. Kiyone shifted 
so she could hold her
blaster on both men. "I've got these two, Mihoshi. Cuff'em."

Mihoshi dug through her jacket, producing a device shaped sort of like a 
yo-yo. She tossed it at
the feet of the two men still standing. The device activated as soon as it 
hit the ground, and they
were immediately bound hand and feet with energy lines. As Kiyone stepped 
off of the third man,
Mihoshi slapped more conventional-looking cuffs on his wrists.

"You have the right to remain silent..." Kiyone rattled off. She grabbed the 
"string" of the "yo-yo"
and pulled it out so that it transformed into another energy leash, with 
which she jerked the two
men down the corridor like they were little more than disobedient dogs. 
Mihoshi picked the man
in black up, immediately almost knocking him over, then pulled him up again 
and walked him
down the corridor as well, alongside Kiyone.

"You bitch! You had this planned, didn't you?" Red-Hair screamed as they 
escorted him back to
the docking area, going toward Kiyone's shuttle. "Damn Galaxy Pigs!"

"Shut up," Kiyone said.

"Kiyone, I'm sorry about letting the other one get away," Mihoshi said. She 
looked down. "Guess
I'm not much of a Criminal Preventer, am I?"

"Don't worry about it. We have his description. He'll be caught. You did a 
good job, Mihoshi.
You came in right on time," Kiyone looked at her old partner, offering her a 
faint smile. Mihoshi
responded with a huge, relieved grin.

Mihoshi and Kiyone secured the criminals on Kiyone's shuttle, and Kiyone 
escorted Mihoshi back
outside the ship so Mihoshi could return to the one she had taken to get to 
the station. Mihoshi
paused once they had exited Kiyone's shuttle.

"I'm confused, Kiyone." Mihoshi gave her one of those child-like wide-eyed 
looks.

"About what?"

"You said... back there you said we were partners. But before you said we 
weren't. And we're
not, are we? I mean, you're a detective-sergeant and I'm a section chief 
and... we don't work
together anymore. So why did you say it?"

Kiyone looked at the ground a moment before meeting Mihoshi's gaze. 
"Mihoshi. Why were you
wandering around Rylas Station?"

Mihoshi shrugged. "That's where you said you were going, remember?"

True. She had told Mihoshi where she had headed, hadn't she? "You came 
looking for me?"

"Well, yeah!" Mihoshi said, as if to say, "Duh!" "I wanted you to know 
that... I talked to the
captain and told him what happened, that it really was my fault, 'cause I 
know you get in trouble
for me sometimes, and I know you were having a hard time with that report. 
You shouldn't have
gotten yelled at, you know? So I told him next time if he wanted to demote 
somebody, he could
demote me, because your job is really important to you, and you don't 
deserve that. You're the
best police officer on the whole force, Kiyone!" Mihoshi smiled in that look 
of admiration she
often gave her ex-partner, for reasons Kiyone didn't completely understand.

"I-but. But. I." Kiyone shook her head. "What about your job, Mihoshi? Isn't 
it important to
you?"

"Oh, I love being a police officer, Kiyone, you know that. But to be honest, 
this whole 'Chief of
Criminal Prevention' thing is getting boring. I mean, I like writing reports 
and all, but it's all I do!
And go to meetings, and talk to people who all they care about is more 
meetings and reports, and
assign things to field officers. I liked the good old days, when we were out 
there, bagging the bad
guys ourselves!" Mihoshi's eyes shone.

"You also miss falling asleep on Tenchi's front porch," Kiyone said, 
chuckling.

"Well, yeah! I miss Earth! And Tenchi and Sasami and Ayeka and Ryoko and 
Washu and Ryo-
ohki and..." Mihoshi's sky-blue eyes watered with a different kind of 
sadness. "We had such a
good time there, Kiyone!"

Kiyone shook her head and crossed her arms. "Mihoshi, we were working three 
part time jobs
_and_ going out on patrol. We were living on Cup Ramen and getting 6 hours 
of sleep a night,
and that's if we were lucky! We were going nowhere, no one knew what we were 
doing, we had
no chance of promotion..."

"You miss it, too, huh?" Mihoshi smiled at the blue-haired woman. Kiyone had 
to smile back, in
spite of herself. Mihoshi added after a moment, "Besides, that's how we did 
get promoted,
Kiyone! 'Cause we met Tenchi and Ryoko and Ayeka and Sasami and Washu and 
then Ayeka and
Ryoko got kidnapped and then we were on the run, trying to prove Ayeka's 
innocence, and we
went to Jurai, and Tenchi stopped Kagato, and we got medals and 
commendations for loyalty to
Jurai and for bravery above and beyond the call of duty! And all we did, 
really, was help out our
friends! We stuck beside them no matter what!" Mihoshi emphasized her last 
point, slapping her
fist into her other hand. "Just like I'll stick by you, Kiyone, whenever you 
need me!"

Kiyone was silent for a moment, staring at Mihoshi, that "death-or-glory" 
gleam in her eye. She
thought about Mihoshi rescuing her from Mitsuki. Kiyone had been mad at her 
for interfering
later on--if she hadn't gone looking for her, Kiyone never would have gotten 
caught or suspected
of anything, and she could have gone onto... being a detective in the petty 
crimes solutions corps?
"Don't worry, Kiyone, everything will turn out all right in the end," 
Mihoshi was always saying
during that crazy time. It had gotten on her nerves, but Mihoshi had been 
right. She was following
her heart, and she had turned out to be right. And now, in true haphazard 
Mihoshi style, she had
randomly wandered into a dangerous section of a space station to find her 
ex-partner to let her
know she had taken the rap for her. And Mihoshi ended up rescuing her from a 
fate worse than
death, Kiyone having been too self-absorbed to notice what was going on till 
too late. *In many
more ways than one,* Kiyone thought ruefully.

Unlike Mihoshi, Kiyone was not a touchy-feely person. So there was a reason 
for Mihoshi to look
rather shocked when the other officer threw her arms around her, burying her 
face in her neck.
Hot tears were quickly absorbed into Mihoshi's collar. The blonde returned 
the hug, gently
pulling Kiyone close. "Kiyone, are you all right?"

"No one would have come looking for me, Mihoshi," Kiyone sobbed into her 
shoulder. "No one
would have missed me, except Captain Fumo would have wondered why I hadn't 
turned my
report in on time. No one would have cared except you."

"Of course people would have cared. And besides, you're my friend, Kiyone," 
Mihoshi said
matter-of-factly. "You're the best friend I ever had."

Kiyone looked up at her, teary azure eyes meeting pale sapphire. "_Why_, 
Mihoshi?What have I
done to deserve your friendship?" Kiyone lowered her eyes. "I figured you'd 
get tired of me
yelling at you eventually."

Mihoshi shrugged, still hugging Kiyone. "I know you just want me to be a 
better police officer,
Kiyone."

"That's not..." *true,* Kiyone thought. *Not entirely...*

"That's not what, Kiyone?" Mihoshi interrupted her thought.

"That's not... that's not a good reason for me to yell all the time." She 
sighed. "Well, sometimes it
is." Kiyone sighed yet again, and looked at Mihoshi. "Look Mihoshi, quite 
frankly, a lot of the
time you're a pretty lousy police officer. But... you're dedicated, and 
you're loyal, and you always
do the best you can, and never, ever for selfish reasons. And... you're the 
best friend I've ever
had, too. You're the only friend I've had for years and, and..." Kiyone took 
a deep breath. "I'm
sorry if I hurt you."

Mihoshi squeezed Kiyone. "Don't worry about it. All that paperwork makes you 
even more
irritable than usual, you know?"

Kiyone chuckled in spite of herself. "Thanks."

"And Kiyone, I'm not the only friend you've had... what about Tenchi and the 
others? They all
care about you. I'm sure they miss you, too. Remember the postcard Sasami 
sent us last week?"
She smiled at Kiyone, wiping away the tears on Kiyone's cheeks. "I worry 
about you, Kiyone,
now that we're not partners. You work so much, you're going to make yourself 
sick."

Kiyone shook her head and smiled back. "Probably."

"Well," Mihoshi said, removing one arm from Kiyone's shoulders to scratch 
her head. "Those
gangsters aren't going to take themselves back to HQ, are they?" She stepped 
back. "I guess I'll
see you back there. We'll have to write the arrest report together, and 
hey... you've got to finish
that other report, don't you?" Mihoshi paused, her eyes lighting. She 
slapped her forehead. "I
almost forgot, Kiyone!" She produced a GP data disk with a blue label from 
inside her jacket. "It
was on my desk, Kiyone. I took the wrong one, silly me! Anyway, I think it 
has your report on it,
so I thought you'd want it back."

Kiyone took the disk from Mihoshi's hand, staring at it as if it were a lost 
ancient Juraian artifact.
Good old Mihoshi. It always works out in the end... She shook her head. 
"Mihoshi... I don't
know whether to hug you again or kill you."

Mihoshi gave her a serious frown. "I think I'd prefer the hug."

Kiyone laughed and gave her friend another quick squeeze before she turned 
back toward her
shuttle. "I'll see you at HQ, Mihoshi."

********************************

Captain Fumo received three documents in his computer mail terminal first 
thing the next
morning, the first two from Detective-Sergeant Kiyone Makibi. The first was 
the report she was
to have finished yesterday, turned in at her original deadline of 0800 
hours. The second was a
letter which had been sent not only to him but to the commander as well. It 
read,

-----------------------------------------
Dear Sirs,

I have turned in my quarterly report this morning to Captain Tenshiro Fumo, 
which includes the
details of the Ryuen incident. I hope you will find the report satisfactory 
for your needs. I also
hope it is the last report I have to write as Detective-Sergeant of the 
Seventh Headquarters of the
Galaxy Police.

Captain Fumo reminded me yesterday not to confuse how I spent my time as a 
detective in the
field with how I ought to spend my time as a detective-sergeant here in the 
central office. I have
considered his words at great length, and while I certainly do not confuse 
the two jobs, I've
realized that I'm much more suited for field work than office duty. I fully 
realize the honor I've
received by being promoted to such a position, but it is difficult getting 
used to a desk after one is
used to chasing criminals (or being chased as one, for that matter) through 
deep space. Quite
frankly and perhaps frighteningly, I've discovered I'd rather be out there 
living on space rations
dodging blasts from space pirates (especially since I'm worried that I'm 
growing a bit soft). I'm
sure there is someone else on the force who would be much happier sitting 
behind a desk than I
am. Perhaps Investigator Mitsuki Fujiwara? Her performance seems to have 
improved greatly
over the past few months.

In the meantime, I am requesting a new assignment as a field officer.

I respectfully ask you to consider re-assigning me to my position in the 
Sanctuary Zone of the
System of Sol. It is my understanding no one currently occupies that 
position, and with increased
recent space traffic in that area due to the construction of Union 
Observation Station #9, I believe
a continued Galaxy Police presence there would be prudent.

Even if you choose not to assign me to the Sanctuary Zone, I recommend that 
if you do assign
anyone there to find a way convert the officer's pay to local Earth goods or 
currency, as that is
likely where the officer will be stationed. Earthlings, being mostly out of 
communication and
entirely out of trade with the Galaxy Union and the Empire of Jurai, do not 
accept Galaxy Yen as
valid currency, and the cost of living on that planet is very high.

I look forward to speaking with you regarding my request.

Thank you very much.
Sincerely,
Detective-Sergeant Kiyone Makibi
------------------------------------------------------

The third message was from the office of the Chief of Criminal Prevention. 
It read,

-----------------------------------------------------
Dear Sirs,

If Kiyone gets to go back to Earth, can I go with her?

Thank you,
Mihoshi Kuramitsu
-----------------------------------------------------

Captain Fumo stared at the two letters for a long time, shaking his head. 
Finally, he started to
laugh. He flipped open his keypad and linked it to his office comm link, 
punching in a local office
code.

"Sergeant Makibi?"

"Yes, sir?" The voice over the comp link replied.

"Did you get hit on the head during your little adventure on Rylas 
yesterday? Are you out of your
flipping mind?"

He could hear Kiyone sigh and then respond very matter-of-factly. "It's 
possible sir. But," she
added, "honestly, I feel more clear-headed than I have in my whole life."

"As far as I'm concerned," he replied, "if you want to go back to that 
backwater sinkhole of a
planet, that's fine by me. Regular patrols by the new station will be a good 
idea--information
pirates will be happy to try to disrupt and steal the research going on 
there, and someone should
be their to waylay them. Not to mention the regular traffic going through 
there should be
watched. It won't be as an easy patrol as it was before, Kiyone. 
Unofficially, you also can check
out the rumors whether the Princesses Ayeka and Sasami have run away there 
are true or not. Bit
if anything interesting happens, I'd better receive an accurate and _timely_ 
report on the
situation."

"Yes, sir."

"I'll have to get the commander to okay the reassignment, but I don't see 
why he wouldn't
approve it. I think he kind of likes you girls."

"Girls?"

"Women. Ahem." The captain paused. "If you're going back to Earth, you're 
taking that blonde
bubblebrain with you. You're probably the only person on the force who can 
stand to work with
her for more than a brief period of time. And to be quite honest, we created 
the position of 'Chief
of Criminal Prevention' to keep her out of our hair. So it'll save us some 
resources as well; you'll
be doing us a favor, Kiyone."

The line was silent for a moment, and then she said, "I understand sir. I'll 
await official
instructions from you and the commander. Did you need anything else, 
Captain?"

"That's it. I'll talk to you in a few hours. And thank you for the report."

"Yes, sir." There was a click and the comm link was broken.

**********************************

In her office, Kiyone punched the comm code to the Office of Criminal 
Prevention.

"Hey Mihoshi. You there?"

"Yeah, Kiyone?"

"We're going back to Earth."

"YAAAAAAAAAAY!" Kiyone had to cover her ears to dampen the cry.

The part of the Kiyone's mind which was forever searching for new job 
opportunities and career
boosters was screaming bloody murder, wondering where the sense her common 
sense had gone
and why she would ever want to go back to that dingy little planet and with 
that fruitcake.
*Because for better or worse, it's where I belong,* Kiyone said to herself.

*********************************

The commander of headquarters approved Kiyone's request for reassignment, 
although he
expressed his disappointment that he would be losing such a valuable 
sergeant at headquarters.

"But," he had confided to her, "I know how you feel. Sometimes I think I 
wouldn't mind getting
out in a patrol ship myself. I know you go-getting types. Go out there and 
have some fun and
make the Galaxy Police proud, Kiyone."

Kiyone smiled. "Yes, sir."

On her way back to her office to finish cleaning it out, she ran into 
Mitsuki. Or rather, Mitsuki
had been standing in front of the office door, apparently waiting for her.

"What did you do to deserve this?" Mitsuki asked, barely concealing a smirk 
on her face,
indicating the box Kiyone had requisitioned to pack her office belongings 
in. "I heard they're
sending you back to the Sol System," she said, making "Sol System" in her 
tone sound roughly
equivalent to "landfill."

"Yup," Kiyone said, grinning at Mitsuki. She pointed to the doorway Mitsuki 
was blocking. "Can
I get in so I can finish cleaning out my office?"

Brow furrowed, Mitsuki moved to let Kiyone by. After a moment, she followed 
her in. "Well, I
guess I should thank you for doing whatever it was you did--I had heard 
you'd pissed off Captain
Fumo pretty badly yesterday. But it looks like it's going to be me in that 
chair next week."

Kiyone nodded, appearing to concentrate on putting photos and papers and 
coffee mugs in her
box. "Yes, Mitsuki, you should thank me. After all, I was the one who 
recommended you."

Mitsuki's eyes widened, confidence peeling off her face the way old paint 
comes off a wall.
"What?"

Kiyone managed her best smile to the red-head. "Yes, Mitsuki, I've noticed 
since I've been your
superior that your performance has improved immensely. I thought you might 
like a turn in the
big chair. Me, I realized that I'm the type to prefer roughing it in deep 
space patrol. You know,
they say once you get the stars in your blood, you can't get them out."

Mitsuki blinked. "You mean you _chose_ this?"

Kiyone nodded. "Yup. In fact, since we _requested_ reassignment, we're not 
really losing much
standing. Our new ranks are field sergeant; that's about parallel on the 
tree to where we were
before. Come to think of it, actually, I'm flattered that Captain Fumo and 
the Commander
arranged our request for transfer so quickly. They're really respecting our 
desires, you know? It's
not often the higher ups pay attention to you like that."

Mitsuki shook her head. "But Kiyone, you had... you had everything! You're a 
sergeant and a
decorated hero! If you wanted to go out in the field, you could have at 
least requested something
interesting, like MidPoint Station on Alpha Moon, not that stupid system 
around that dim yellow
star and with that even dimmer bubblehead!"

"Mitsuki, I'd prefer that star to the moon any day," Kiyone replied. She 
leaned in closer to
Mitsuki, "And don't you dare ever call my partner names again. Too many 
people underestimate
her around here." Mitsuki nodded, still confused. "By the way, that stack of 
paperwork's yours,"
Kiyone added, nodding to the pile of papers she left on the desk. "I did as 
much as I could, but
couldn't get to that part. Nothing terribly time-consuming though, just 
requires signatures
mostly." She looked down at her box. "Well, I'm done here. The office is all 
yours. Enjoy!"
Kiyone gave Mitsuki one last smile and headed for the door.

"Erm. Kiyone," Mitsuki called to her as she reached the door.

"Yes?"

"Thanks... for the recommendation." Mitsuki was staring at the floor.

Kiyone shrugged. "What're friends for?" She managed to give Mitsuki her 
biggest smile, then
turned and left, letting the door shut behind her before Mitsuki could make 
a response. Mitsuki
had been a little too stunned to try anyway.

She met Mihoshi in the shuttle bay, where the blonde had finished loading 
her belongings aboard
the Yagami II. "I'm so excited, Kiyone! I can't wait to see everyone. It 
will be so nice to be back
with all our friends!"

Kiyone smiled at her partner. "Yes it will."

[Author's Notes: I know it's a bit on the corny side. What can I say? I'm a 
sentimental fool. I
always wondered why Kiyone would give up her promotion to the central office 
at the end of the
Tenchi TV series to go back to Earth, and yet she obviously does that. I 
know she cares about her
friends, but I figure she's the kind of person that needs that fact bonked 
over her head from time
to time. Sorry if it seems I made her too irritable, but I wanted to suggest 
that her job wasn't too
satisfying on top of the fact that she really does miss being with the gang 
on Earth, and yes, even
with Mihoshi. Despite how Mihoshi can get on Kiyone's nerves, she's still a 
true friend and a very
good-hearted person, and frankly, I think Kiyone needs her. I could go on, 
but this is supposed be
brief. The story was long enough! Please end your constructive comments and 
criticism to
deathquaker@hotmail.com and thanks for reading my first fanfic.]
