

Episode #2: We need to save Tenchi!   

Part two: Love to the rescue...



	Feng lay on the ground very close to death.  All of  
the girls were still unable to register the awful fact that Tenchi,  
their reason for living is gone.  Kiyone rushed to Feng to  
check his wounds.  Feng had bruises, deep cuts, then the final  
touch, the bastard sword still in his chest.

	Ryoko: We have to get Feng in the lab quick!

	Ayeka:  I say we leave him out here to rot!

	Feng:  (Cough) Oh great I’m still alive.

	Kiyone:  Are you ok Feng?

	Feng:  It’s hard to breathe, the sword punctured one  
of my lungs...(cough) You need to pull it out.

	Ryoko:  I’ll do it.  Kiyone, you prop him up.

Kiyone sets Feng’s head on her lap.  Feng took Kiyone’s hand  
and nodded for Ryoko to pull.  Ryoko set her foot on Feng’s  
chest and put her hands the handle.  Without a moments  
hesitation Ryoko wrenches the sword out of Feng.  Feng  
grimaced as he tried his best to keep the screams inside, some  
did keep in but the majority came out as growls and grunts.   

Bleeding at a rapid pace Feng used the Gladius to quicken the  
healing rate some.  With help from Kiyone he got up.  Both  
Ryoko and Ayeka were trying their best to comfort Sasami,  
the poor child cried heavily on Ayeka’s shoulder.  Feng felt  
terrible, he had failed Tenchi and betrayed the girls.  Ayeka  
gave Sasami to Ryoko; she tried her best to raise Sasami’s  
spirits.  Ayeka glared at Feng so coldly that he shivered.

	Ayeka:  {Enraged} You...

	SLAP!

	Ayeka:  I trusted you!

	SLAP!

	Ayeka:  Tenchi respected you!

	SLAP!

	Ayeka: We trusted you!  We respected you!

	Feng:  I’m sorry, I thought that I could convince  
Sheera that Tenchi was not a worthwhile slave.

	Ayeka:  That plan has failed miserably, hasn’t it?

	Ryoko:  We have to get Tenchi now.  Before she has  
a chance to break him.  Feng you’ll stay here and wait for us.

	Feng:  You can’t do that!  If you do, he will die  
before you board the ship.  You need someone with a spire in  
his or her head to get in.

	Ryoko:  That’s where you come in right?

	Feng:  Yes.  That is if Washu can reactivate the  
clearance program in my spire.

	Ayeka:  Then go get the spire reactivated!  We are  
wasting valuable time!

Down in the depths of Washu’s lab Feng sits on a medical  
table while Washu attaches sensors to his skin.  Washu brings  
up her holo-console, as she types at a fast speed she addresses  
the schematics of the spire.

	Washu:  As you can see the spire is carefully inserted  
in the thinking and processing part of the brain.  There, anyone  
that controls the spires controls the people with the spires in  
their heads.  This is where I can change the spire.  The takyeon  
emitters in the spire allow access to the ship, by increasing the  
power you gain better entry into the highly guarded areas.   
Though you will have a pass to go anywhere on the ship you’ll  
need to board ship carefully.

Feng: You won’t need to worry about that.  There is a  
caste that works on the ship as informers of new changes.   
When someone dies or is released everyone is told about it.   
This takes about 24 hours to five days.  Since the way things  
work up there it will take longer; thus I can enter the ship like  
if it were just a regular day.  I won’t worry about taking  
weapons since Ayeka has Jurai mind powers and Ryoko has  
her gems back.  I’ll only need one weapon, and a lot of  
medical supplies, Tenchi will need them.

	Ayeka:  What do you mean Tenchi will need them?

	Feng:  Welcome to my world Ayeka.  People beat  
you just for fun on that ship.

	Kiyone:  What about Mihoshi and me?

	Ryoko:  You two need to look after Sasami.  They  
still might have lackeys laying in wait to attack us.

	Ayeka:  Shall we go then?

	Feng:  Yeah, you two go ahead, I just need to get my  
gun.

Ayeka and Ryoko leave to go get Ryo-Ohki.  Feng leaves to  
get this gun he was talking about.  Feng opens the steel box  
and pulls out a large grenade launcher but there are no  
grenades, just rusty rails.  Feng loads a clip of rails into the  
weapon, he pulls a handle a foot away from the barrel.  With a  
click the gun calls out in a female voice.

	Rail gun: Rail gun active.  Safeties on give pass code  
to release safety lock.

	Feng:  As the Great one said:  "Never provoke the  
fury of the children of Antioch.  For you will call the Spirit  
Wolves to feast on your soul."

	Rail Gun: Safeties released have a nice day.

Feng slung the heavy weapon over his shoulder as he walked  
out.  Washu stopped Feng to give him the cube so he could  
transport all the medical supplies he needed.  Feng boarded  
Ryo-Ohki.

	Ayeka:  What are you doing with that primitive gun?

	Feng:  A present for Sheera.  I want to pay her back  
for all she has done to me, my family, my friends, and Tenchi.

	Ayeka: [smiles] Knight Feng, you have restored my  
faith in you.

	Feng:  Thank you Lady Ayeka, your faith in me is  
appreciated.

	Ryoko:  Enough butt kissing!

	Feng:  Ryoko, you ready to raise some hell?

	Ryoko:  Hell pales in comparison for what’s in store  
for Sheera!

	Feng:  All right let’s fly!

Washu watches Ryo-Ohki blast off from the porch, silently  
she worries for the welfare of Tenchi.  Kiyone walks out of the  
house; relieved she got Sasami to sleep.

	Washu:  You feel attracted to him, don’t you.

	Kiyone:  I do.  Feng is...  I don’t know, it’s  
something I feel around him...something warm and  
comforting.

	Washu:  You feel love, you should go see if they  
need any help.  I ‘ll. watch Mihoshi and Sasami.

	Kiyone:  Thanks.

Kiyone flies off in Yagami chasing Ryo-Ohki.


In the Stygian Fury, Sheera’s ship defense measures slowly  
get under way.  In a special cell Tenchi lays strapped to a  
hovering table.  So far he had been whipped, electrocuted, and  
beaten.  Tenchi marvels at the fact that he has been tortured  
for six hours straight he has not given in.  Sheera steps into the  
room smiling as she carries a plate of warm food and a bottle  
of sake.

	Sheera:  Tenchi are you hungry, thirsty?

	Tenchi:  Go away.

	Sheera: {Soothingly} Tsk. Tsk.  Tenchi darling, I’m  
on your side.  Just do one little favor for me and I’ll stop all  
these awful torture sessions.

	Tenchi: I’ll never do anything for you.

	Sheera: Too bad.  Guards take this away.  Computer!

	Computer:  Yes ma’am.  You called?

	Sheera:  Play what we just recorded on our long-
range cameras.

	Computer: Complying.

The computer brought up a holographic video of Ken-Ohki.  It  
blazes past planets closing the gap between their position and  
the Stygian.

	Tenchi:  What does this have to do with me?

	Sheera:  I’m glad that you asked.  Nagi will come and  
take you to Tokemi.  My job was to soften you up and hand  
you over to Nagi.

	Tenchi:  What do you and Nagi get out of this?

	Sheera:  I will be able to live forever.  Nagi will  
finally get Ryoko’s head when you are out of the way.

	Tenchi:  NO!  Listen to me, I’ll do anything, just  
leave Ryoko and the others alone.  I beg you...

The door opens again and a werewolf wearing a shrine outfit  
in the color black comes in.

	Wolf:  Get him ready.  Looks like the footage trick  
worked, nice job Sheera.

	Sheera:  Thank you Feng, I told you those women is  
his weakness.  He will walk to the ends of the seven hells for  
them.

	Tenchi:  I hate you!  You bitch!

Tenchi struggles to get free with renewed fervor.  Sheera and  
Feng smile at his futile efforts.  Just before Sheera turns to  
leave Tenchi spits on her face.  Sheera slaps Tenchi.

	Sheera:  Life is a bitch.  So am I, get used to it.

Feng or this person that had the same name sat down on a  
small metal chair as Sheera left.

	Feng:  Tenchi Masaki.  You finally meet the real  
Feng Tiannai.  Did you find my little clone fun to be with?

	Tenchi:  I liked the clone better.  What do you want  
with me?

	Feng:  Tenchi, I’m going to clip those wings you  
have off, then I’ll use them for my own gain.  With your light  
hawk wings I shall be invulnerable.

Feng gets up.  He slowly walks to Tenchi; as Feng steps closer  
he opens his coat and reveals a whip with thorns. He flicks a  
switch on the handle and it starts to hum with electricity.

	Feng:  I will enjoy this.  Now the prince of Jurai will  
feel my pain!

Tenchi is whipped brutally.  The screams of pain echo through  
the hallway.  Somewhere in space two women, Ayeka Jurai  
and Ryoko Hakubi hear the outcry of pain.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi!

	Ayeka:  He’s in pain!

	Feng:  How do you know that?

	Ryoko:  When you are close to someone you develop  
a sixth sense for your love.

	Feng:  Then kick this cabbit in high gear.  They will  
do anything short of killing you just to break your spirits.

	Ryoko:  Hey Ryo-Ohki, let’s speed up!

Ryoko pours a canteen of hot sauce into one of the control  
crystals.  Ryo-Ohki turns bright red as she screams across  
space.

Inside Yagami, Kiyone goes through her small armory of  
weapons.  The scanners lose track of Ryo-Ohki. Yagami  
speaks to Kiyone.

	Yagami:  Ryo-Ohki has left the scanner range.  Her  
Speed has more than doubled.  What shall we do?

	Kiyone:  Prepare the ether drives.  When they come  
online then hyper-jump to the coordinates given by Washu.

	Yagami:  The ether drives will drain the energy  
supplies by twenty percent.  My weapons will be at eighty-five  
gigue-joules; it will be hard for me to do significant damage.

	Kiyone:  Just draw their fire for me.  When I get  
aboard you get out of the immediate area.

	Yagami:  Yes ma’am.  Pardon me but there is a  
stowaway in the cargo keep.

	Kiyone:  Who is it?

	Yagami:  Terran male, 40 years old.

	Kiyone:  Noboyuki?  How did he get in?

Kiyone went down to the cargo keep; sure enough it was  
Noboyuki.

	Kiyone:  What are you doing here?  It’s dangerous!

	Noboyuki:  I want to help...

	Kiyone:  Tenchi will kill me if you get hurt!

	Noboyuki:  You let me worry about that.  This is my  
son in mortal danger; I HAVE to help him... I love my son!

	Kiyone:  Know how to work a pulse rifle?

	Noboyuki:  I will when you show me.

Together they walk to the armory to suit him up.  Kiyone goes  
over on how to work the weapons and explosives carefully.

	Kiyone:  I need you to wait for me in the pod bay,  
there we’ll crash through the hull of the Stygian Fury in a  
driller pod.  I’ll have Yagami show you the way and help you  
strap in.

Noboyuki left without saying a word.  Kiyone silently curses  
herself for letting Tenchi’s father tag along.

	Yagami:  Ether drives at maximum power, ready to  
hyper jump.

	Kiyone:  Engage.

Yagami slows for a moment then in a flash of light it streaks  
across space.

Mean while Ryoko, Ayeka, and Feng have luckily docked  
without raising so much as an eyebrow.  A docking bay  
worker comes up with a clipboard; he takes a form and gives it  
to Feng.

	Worker:  Nice to see you again Feng, still alive I see.   
Can you sign this then have whoever owns the ship sign too.

	Feng: [as he signs] It’s good to be back Joe.  I’ll need  
to get out in a hurry so keep the bay clear ok? [Hands the form  
to Ryoko]

	Joe:  Yeah just hurry though.  I’m expecting a big  
cargo shipment in 12 hours.

	Feng:  I’ll be out before then.

Ryoko and Ayeka follow Feng, going corridors, stairs, and  
security doors.  They stop at a door saying ‘ENTER AT OWN  
RISK!’

	Ryoko:  What are we doing here?

	Feng:  I need to see someone before we get Tenchi,  
she’ll help with the plans.

	Ryoko:  Plans?  Why can’t I just bust in where  
Tenchi is and save him?

	Ayeka:  I believe we should plan before any attempts  
are made.

	Feng:  Thank you for seeing things my way. [Bangs  
on door]

	Woman’s Voice: What is it?  I told Sheera that I  
didn’t want to be bothered!

	Feng:  Too bad, I’m not with Sheera anymore!

The door opens.  A small cybernetic woman steps out to see  
who is bothering her.

	Woman:  FENG! Gosh it’s good to see you again.   
[Wraps her arms around his waist]  Who are these ladies?   
Feng have you been doing things that you’re not supposed to?

	Feng:  [face falters and scratches the back of his  
head] Jay-lee, I have been good.  This is Ryoko, and this is  
Ayeka.

	Jay-lee:  They look like troublemakers.

	Ayeka & Ryoko: ...... [fall over and faint]

	Ryoko:  Remind me to kill Feng when this is over.

	Ayeka:  I’ll help you.

Feng pries Jay-lee’s arms off and hugs the copper haired  
woman.  Feng walks into the room, inside there are various  
monitoring systems and computers hacked into the ship  
mainframe.

	 Feng:  You have been busy Jay-lee.  Can you find  
someone for me?

	Jay-lee:  Describe the person.

	Feng:  Terran, male, 18 years, brown eyes, black hair,  
white, 5 feet 11 inches, and about 175 pounds.  His name is  
Tenchi Masaki.

	Jay-lee:  Give me a minute.

Jay-lee steps into a booth where she plugs her mind in the  
mainframe.

	Jay-lee:  I found him but...

	Feng:  But what?

	Jay-lee:  He’s in a session with, you.

	Feng, Ryoko, and Ayeka: What?!

	Feng: How can that be?  I can’t be in two places at  
once!  Wait, is he a clone?

	Jay-lee:  On the contrary.  You are the clone, or as  
Sheera had put it ‘A magnificent copy’.

	Feng: {Dismal} Noo!

	Ryoko:  I’m sorry Feng.

	Ayeka:  What did you mean by that Tenchi was in a  
session?

	Jay-lee:  A torture session.  Since this Tenchi person  
is in the alpha section, he must be an important subject.  They  
will insert a spire there then they clean him up.

	Ryoko:  We have to stop that!  Where is the alpha  
sector?

	Jay-lee:  Three corridors to the left, from my door.   
But you two will need your own passes.

	Ayeka:  We must have them!  I beg you please!

	Jay-lee:  Just what is this Tenchi Masaki guy to you  
girls?

	Ryoko:  He is my lover.

	Ayeka:  What?  Tenchi would never love a demon!

	Ryoko:  Tenchi would rather love a demon than a  
haughty princess!

	Feng:  Would the both of you shut the hell up!  If it’s  
not Tenchi then it’s some stupid random thing that ends up  
involving him!  If it weren’t for his meek and nice nature he  
would have had half the mind to give you two the heave-ho!   
Besides he would like to clarify whom he loves instead of  
having assumptions made!

	Jay-lee:  Well if you two ARE going to save him,  
then you should work together.  Take my spire, if I keep  
hooked up to the mainframe then I will be ok.

	Ayeka:  I don’t mean to be ungrateful but that is just  
one, we need two spires.

	Jay-lee: Just go, I will take care of the security  
system.

	Ryoko:  Thank you very much.

Ryoko and Ayeka walk out of the room.  Feng is alone with  
Jay-lee.  He kisses Jay-lee on the forehead.

	Feng:  Get the others out while we fight, ok?

	Jay-lee: I’ll get them back home, where they should  
be.

Feng walks out of the room and looks at the floor.

	Ayeka:  Feng-chan, I'm sorry.  About your situation.

Feng looks up and puts on a fake smile.

	Feng:  Who’s up for saving Tenchi!

With that they start running to Tenchi’s cell.  Not to far away  
something can be heard; something like an organ but the bass  
is much deeper.  Then the occasional cracking of the whip,  
Feng falls to his knees holding his head.

	Ryoko:  What’s the matter Feng?  Talk to me!

	Feng:  Ahck!  My head!  Ah!

Feng started to shudder violently.  His build grew at an  
inhuman rate; a thick black fur grew and tore his clothing  
except for his pants.  Feng lay motionless as he morphed into a  
werewolf on the ground.  Ayeka put her hand on his shoulder  
and he instantly rose.

	Ayeka:  Feng can you press on?

	Feng:  I...can.  You two have to promise me  
something.

	Ryoko:  What?

	Feng:  Since I am a clone, I might still be controlled  
if anything happens where I switch sides, eliminate me.

	Ayeka:  I assure you that won’t come to be Feng.

	Ryoko:  Yeah, just let us take care of things.

	Feng:  Listen girls, I never said this about you two  
but you’re the best friends I ever had.

With lifted spirits the trio dash to the cell containing Tenchi.   
There were a few guards there but that proved no challenge for  
Ryoko, she teleported and strangled them unconscious.  Feng  
opened the cell door.  Something was missing.  Where is  
Tenchi?

	Feng:  Quickly, we have to get to the chamber room!

	Ryoko & Ayeka: Right!

The sirens go off as they ran to the chamber room.  Once  
again the organ music played but this time it had no effect on  
Feng.  As they opened the door Ryoko, Ayeka, and Feng were  
greeted with a terrible site.  Tenchi was tied to a stand; his  
back exposed facing them bleeding fast.

	Ayeka:  Ten-chan!

	Ryoko:  Tenchi!

Ryoko and Ayeka untied him almost unable to hold back their  
tears.  Feng got to work wrapping his back in gauze and  
applying salve.  Tenchi slowly woke up.

	Tenchi:  Ryoko?  Ayeka?

	Ryoko:  It’s ok, we are here.

	Ayeka:  Tenchi, please rest.  You need to get your  
strength back.

Feng finished.  Ryoko and Ayeka broke; they started to cry  
heavily on his chest.  Tenchi with all his strength brushed the  
girl’s faces and gave them a kiss.

	Tenchi:  Don’t cry my darlings.  I’ll be ok.

Tenchi passed out from all of the blood loss.  Behind the  
group clapping was heard.

	Sheera:  Amazing!  If I had a heart I would have  
cried to.

Feng spun to face Sheera; he emptied the first clip of rails into  
her.  But this was too easy.  Sheera didn’t try to dodge the  
shots.

	Sheera:  Right behind you Feng!

Sheera kicked Feng in the face making him fall backwards.   
Ryoko rushed and rammed her shoulder into Sheera's back.

	Sheera:  Ah!  Ok little girl, I’m make you sorry for  
that!

	Ryoko: {in mock sorrow} I already feel terrible.

Feng got up and spat out blood.  Feng beckoned Gladius to  
come out to fight.  Ryoko kept Sheera at bay with plasma  
explosions.  Ayeka used her shield to protect Tenchi and  
herself.  Servants of Sheera came out and started to pound on  
Ayeka’s power shield.  Out of nowhere energy pistol fire  
blazed at the shield taking a few of the slaves down.  Then a  
few pulse rifle rounds took five down.

	Noboyuki:  Yippee kaeyea motherfucker!

	Kiyone:  (eyes bug out) I should of left you home!

Noboyuki emptied his first clip out on the slaves surrounding  
Ayeka.  Kiyone rushed to Tenchi and made him drink a vial of  
blue fluid.  Instantly he got up.

	Kiyone:  Feeling better?

	Tenchi:  Yes, I feel a whole lot better.

Feng is thrown back and lands at Tenchi’s feet.

	Feng:  Damn she kicks hard!  Oh, Tenchi, you’re  
well.

	Tenchi:  [Sweats]You ok?

	Feng: I can keep going.

Rumble.

	Tenchi:  Did you feel that?

Rumble.

	Feng:  What the heck is it?

Rumble.

	Sheera:  He’s here!

A violent quake ensues and a giant beast breaks through large  
steel doors.  It knocks Ryoko to the floor as it lets out a  
deafening roar.

	Kiyone:  What in the seven hells is that?

	Sheera:  Meet the real Feng Tiannai, he is now in his  
beast state!

	Feng & Tenchi: It had to be some huge freaking’  
monster!

	Tenchi:  Everyone, get going, Feng and I will take  
care of this!

	Feng:  Are you out of your mind?  We need everyone  
to take them BOTH out!

Ryoko stood up and drew her plasma blade.  Feng stood by  
Ryoko as he raised Gladius over his head.  They ran to the Beast  
as Feng turned into a werewolf.  Feng slowed down, he is right  
behind Ryoko.

	Feng:  Nice knowing you Ryoko.

	Ryoko:  WHAT!

Feng leaped on her shoulders then towards Beast Feng.  Beast  
Feng opened his mouth and chomped down on Feng with a  
sickening crunch.

	Tenchi:  NO!

Beast Feng snatched Ryoko up in one hand.  He started to apply a  
generous amount pressure making Ryoko scream bloody  
murder.  Servants overwhelmed Kiyone and Noboyuki.   
Ayeka was defending herself against Sheera, but to no avail.

	Tenchi:  Stop!  No! AHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!

His screams were replaced with that of the Light hawk.  The  
light hawk flew into Tenchi.  Tenchi sprouted wings of light,  
his hands were covered with ivory talons, and lastly the helm  
covered half of his face like a mask his burning eyes were  
seen through the eye slits.

	Tenchi {FURIOUS}: I said STOP!

	Sheera:  Hmm, I don’t think so, but I’ll kill you  
know since you are annoying me!

	Ayeka:  Tenchi-sama!

Tenchi stood still as Sheera driven her sword through his  
chest; it went through but it had no affect on Tenchi.  He stood  
there as if nothing had happened.  Sheera took a horrified step  
back.

	Sheera:  No!  He’s not normal!

Tenchi took the sword out and returned the favor by impaling  
her with Tenchi-ken.  Sheera dropped to the floor with a  
lifeless thud.

	Beast Feng: SHEERA!  NO!

Tenchi glared at Beast Feng, wolves soon encircled the evil  
version of Feng.  Deep in Tenchi’s mind two familiar voices  
spoke to him.

	Achika:  Tenchi, my son.  Can you hear me?

	Tenchi:  Mother...is it you?

	Achika:  Yes, Feng is with me.

	Feng:  Hey Tenchi!  Those wolves, they are my spirit  
guardians.  I was a warrior before I was enslaved.  Those holy  
wolves I drew my strength from, Tenchi if you lend your  
power of both Jurai and Earth; I might be able to come back!

	Tenchi:  But how?

	Achika:  Embrace Gaia, embrace your mother.

	Tenchi:  I see.

Tenchi closed his eyes and focused.  An aura covered Tenchi  
and Gaia’s embrace appeared a full plate mail on him.  Along  
with the Light Hawk Accouter the Gaia’s Embrace was an  
awe-inspiring sight.

** Cue Likin Park "PAPER CUT"**

	Tenchi:  LAST CHANCE!  Let Ryoko down NOW!

	Beast Feng: You killed Sheera!  I’m going to take  
Ryoko and Ayeka away from you!

Beast Feng squeezed with renewed fervor.  Ryoko tried to  
struggle free but the grip only would get tighter.

	Tenchi:  RYOKO!  Hang on!

Tenchi ran to the wolves.  He passed them and they followed  
Tenchi Closely.  He started phase in then out of existence; the  
wolves started to run in a circle fashion around Beast Feng.

	Beast Feng: No!  It can’t be!

Feng appears in his astral body.

	Feng:  Beast Feng Tiannai.  The three goddesses  
Tokemi, Tsunami, and Washu have judged you.  Hell is  
waiting for you!

Tenchi as well as Feng turned into blue light and consumed  
Beast Feng.  Beast Feng dissapates as the light fades away,  
Feng Tiannai, purified stands infront of an exasperated  
Tenchi, he falls to the floor.

	Feng:  Tenchi, my friend I owe you my presence.   
Let’s go home.

	Tenchi:  I can’t get up.  Too tired, are the others ok?

Ryoko and Ayeka rush to Tenchi showering him with kisses  
as they wept.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi you did it!

	Ayeka:  Tenchi-sama, are you well?

	Tenchi:  Weak from the wear and tear, otherwise I’m  
pretty much ok.

	Ryoko:  Then let’s go to the lab and get you patched  
up.

	Ayeka:  For once I agree with Ryoko.

	Ryoko:  Who said anything about you coming along?

Ryoko instantly teleported away with Tenchi in her arms.   
Ayeka ran back to Ryo-Ohki so she would catch up with her.

	Ayeka:  Ryoko!

Feng stands there laughing and actually happy that things had  
started to take a lighter note.  Kiyone walked up to Feng  
completely astonished.  Feng turned around and pulled her  
close.

	Feng:  I missed you.

	Kiyone: (Blushes)... I did to.

	Feng:  Well, you want to go home and relax?

	Kiyone:  Sure.

Feng cupped her chin in his hand and kissed kiyone lightly.

Feng, Kiyone and Noboyuki board Yagami.  Yes things are  
now to the usual happy routine.  Feng is back; Tenchi is safe  
and sound.  

*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*

The next morning Tenchi has rested and healed well enough to  
go about his normal routine.  What?  Tenchi's birthday is  
today?  Well then, we should throw a big birthday party!

	Sasami:  The next episode is "Happy Birhtday  
Tenchi!"
