No Need for Tears
        Out in the distance, out in the rain, I stood there
thinking about what I had just done.  Standing out in
the rain, all alone, I had nowhere to go.  I had
walked away from it.  I don't know why, but I had.
Why did I ruin my life?  I just don't know.  My life
was great.  I can't understand.
        I had walked away from the one I had truly loved.  I
don't know why, but I did.  My name is Tenchi Masaki.
I don't know why I did this to my life.  Now, look at
me, I'm pitiful, standing out in the rain.  I don't
even know where I am going, much less, do I care.  My
name is Tenchi and this is my story:
It all started a while back.  You probably won't
believe me, but anyways, I lived with this bunch of
girls.  They, he, he, came from space.  I loved all of
them.  They were my family.  My mom had died when I
was young.  My dad worked many hours, even in the
snow.  My grandfather, well he worked at the shrine
near my house.  My home was where my family was.  I
had spent most of my time with these wonderful girls.
Anyways, sorry about all that, my story begins after I
came back from the Jurai palace.  Everyone came back
as well.  The one I loved, I won't say her name, had
come back also.  I had not felt that way about her
then.  Later, during summer vacation, after school had
ended, I had to work for my grandfather at the shrine.
 Occasionally, I had time to spend with my favorite
group.
        One day I woke up very early in the morning and I
walked down the steps to the living room.  I smelled
something good in the air.  I guessed that Sasami was
cooking.  I looked in the kitchen to find Sasami
cooking, just as I guessed.  Sasami was one of the
best cooks I have ever seen.  Heck, she might even be
the greatest cook ever and I'm not lying.  I walked
over to her and asked, "What are you cooking today,
Sasami?"  Startled, Sasami had accidentally cut her
thumb a little with the knife.  I ran over, found a
cloth, and covered her sore.  "Thanks, Tenchi," she
said, "Oh today I'm making American style ham and
eggs.  I was cutting the ham when you came in."  I
smelled the air again, and man, it smelled good.  I
will miss Sasami's cooking.
        I walked over to the couch and sat down.  I looked at
the clock and it said the time was five o' clock in
the morning.  I was thinking to myself, "How did
Sasami wake up so early.  I walked over to Sasami
again and asked, "Why did you get up so early?"  She
said, "Oh, I have never made these before so I know I
will mess up.  I decided to start early so that by the
time everyone is ready for breakfast, it will be
ready."  I was rather stunned by Sasami's logic and I
just said, "Ok," and sat back down in the living room.
 Suddenly, my true love came down the steps.  She saw
me sitting on the couch and said to me, "Lord Tenchi,
nice to see you today.  I see you woke up early today
as well as Sasami."  I turned around and looked at her
eyes and said, "Oh, good morning," then I said her
name, "How did you sleep?"  She answered back quickly,
"Good, I slept good today, Tenchi, thank you."  I just
looked into her eyes.  They were so beautiful.  They
were big red eyes.  It must have been a fetish, but
her skin was so soft too.  She leaned close to me as
we sat next to each other on the couch.  At this
point, I still did not feel the way I feel for her
now.
        Kiyone and Mihoshi, the two space-police women that
lived in my house, came down the steps.  I turned to
look at them and saw them in their police suits.
"Where are you going," I asked.  Mihoshi heard me and
said, "We gotta go on patrol around the moon today."
I looked down to see where my true love was, but she
had got up and left.  "That's good," I said looking
back up to Mihoshi, "see you two later."  Kiyone
looked over to Mihoshi, who was trying to get her boot
on, and said, "Hurry up, Mihoshi!  Oh, and, uh, don't
worry we'll be back, Tenchi, just in time for
breakfast if Sasami is ready by 6 o'clock.  See you
then, Tenchi."
I decided to go see where my true love had gone.  I
walked up the stairs to the second floor where I heard
the loudest snoring possible.  I looked into the room
that I heard it coming from and sure enough, it was
Ryoko.  Ryoko was a space pirate demon person.  I
walked over to my true love's room and did not see her
in there.  I walked down to the living room again.
Just as I sat down, I had to go to the bathroom.  I
walked over to the bathroom and opened the door.  My
true love was inside.  She did not notice me because
she was taking a bath.  I decided to use the bathroom
that was on the second floor, but then she noticed me.
 Her eyes became wide and she covered herself.  "I
will leave you alone, bye now."  That's what I said,
but then she said, "No, Tenchi stay inside with me
awhile.
I was somewhat stunned and didn't know what to do.  I
didn't look at her.  She saw me and said, "What's
wrong Lord Tenchi."  I closed my eyes and turned my
head toward her.  I opened my eyes.  I looked straight
into her eyes.  We sat there for a while just looking
at each other.  I decided to say something, "So, uh,
how are things going," then I said her name.  She
replied like always, "I am fine Lord Tenchi.  And
you?"  I replied like always, "I'm also fine, thank
you."  I closed my eyes and thought for a second how
beautiful she was.  She had her purple hair tied up in
a ponytail without any jewelry or head dresses like
she usually wore, even in her sleep.  She started to
cry, for no specific reason.  I asked, "What's the
matter?"  She didn’t say anything for a while than she
said, "Nothing is wrong Lord Tenchi.  I…I…it's just
that I…", she bit her lip, "I love you Lord Tenchi.  I
always have and I always will."  She burst out in
tears.  I didn't know what to do.  I thought, "I can't
hold her, she's naked, I can't get close to her."
Suddenly, something went off up in my head: I was in
love with her.  I couldn't believe it.  I got closer
to her and held her head up.  I looked her straight in
the eyes and said, "I love you too," then I said her
name.  We kissed for the longest time.  After what
seemed like forever, we stopped and looked each other
in the eyes.  We both just realized what we had just
done and I ran out the door.
I walked over to the couch and sat down as if nothing
had happened.  I looked at the clock and it was 6:01.
I looked outside and sure enough, Kiyone and Mihoshi
were walking up to the door.  I went and checked on
Sasami.  The trashcan was filled with burnt meat.
Sasami turned around and said, "I have made the
perfect ham and eggs ever.  After trial and error and
trial and error and trial and error, I have finally
made it perfect."  I smelled the air.  It smelled like
nothing I had ever smelled before.  It was good.  I
helped Sasami set the table.
Later, about when everything was ready and had been
served, I decided to go get everyone.  I walked up the
stairs to go get Ryoko out of bed.  I found her still
snoring.  I couldn't even wake her up.  My dad,
Noboyuki, was in the room next to Ryoko's room and I
went in to get him.  He was in his bed, but he wasn't
sleeping.  He saw me and said, "I am about to go
insane!  That snoring has kept me up since two in the
morning!"  He started breathing heavily.  He got up
out of bed and said, "I'm getting to old for this."
He slowly walked down the stairs and sat down at the
table.
Everyone was at the table now except for Ryoko, Washu,
and my true love.  Washu is a scientific genius.  She
made my closet into her lab.  Anyways, I figured that
Ryoko was hopeless so I went to go get my true love.
I walked into the bathroom again, except this time my
true love was getting dressed.  She turned around and
I saw her open chest.  I looked up at the ceiling and
pretended not to see her naked.  I was about to walk
away, but she pulled me in.  She hugged me.  She
started to cry and said, "I've never felt this way for
anyone in my whole life, Lord Tenchi."  I looked at
her and kissed her.  I quickly helped her get totally
dressed.  We walked out of the bathroom and walked
separate ways as if we had not even said anything to
each other.  I walked through the kitchen into the
dining room where as my true love walked through the
hall through the living room to get to where we were
to eat.  Washu was at the table now.  I guessed that
Mihoshi had got her.  My true love and I came in about
the same time and both sat down across the table from
each other.
We started to eat the delicious food that Sasami had
made for us.  It was great.  Ham and eggs American
style was good, yet filling.  I sat down on the couch
after I finished my ham and eggs.  My true love sat
next to me on the couch.  She leaned on my shoulder.
We watched television for a while.  Afterwards, I
walked up to my room with my true love.  We did
everything together.  The one physical trait that I
loved about her was her skin.  It was so soft.  I
loved kissing her.  My love gave me a pendant that had
the Jurain symbol on it.  I put it in my pocket and
promised her that I would always keep it with me.
Soon it was lunchtime and Sasami had made the usual.
Some soup, that tasted even better every time I had
it.  My true love and I spent the whole evening
together in my room.  That was the best day of my
life.  I loved her kiss.  I could never get over it.
About 5 hours after lunch, Ryoko woke up and came down
for dinner.  My true love and I sat next to each other
and held hands through the meal.  Ryoko was wondering
about something, I could tell.  Well, after lunch I
walked back to my room with my true love.  Ryoko came
in one time and we acted like nothing was happening.
I think that trying to hide our love for each other
made Ryoko mad.
Later that night, I woke up.  I felt my love's body
next to me.  I kissed her.  Then I went down to get a
drink of water.  I heard something coming from Ryoko's
room.  I peeked in.  Ryoko was mumbling to herself.
She must have been having a dream.  She said, "No, why
did you pick", then she said my true love's name, "I
love you Tenchi.  I'm gonna kill myself.  Please, why
don't you care for me."  I closed the door softly.  I
walked toward Kiyone's room and then down the steps.
I got a drink of water.  I came back up the steps and
into my room.  I packed up my stuff and belongings
that I felt important to me.
I felt the pendant that my love had given me, in my
pocket.  I took it out and looked at it.  I put it
back in my pocket and returned to packing my stuff up.
 I kissed my love once more and then I ran away.  I
jumped on my bicycle and rode off.  I got to the road.
 Then I hitched a ride to the train station.  I jumped
into the train that took me to Tokyo.  When I got in
the train, I took a seat next to a couple.  They got
off at Tokyo.  The man asked me to take a picture of
them.  I did this, but accidentally I had taken two
pictures.  Both pictures came out of the camera.  The
man said, "No problem," and gave me one of the
pictures.  I put it in my pocket next to the pendant,
a picture of my family, a picture of my mother, and a
picture of my true love.  I took a bus to the sea port
and got off by a shop.  The shop sold little replica
towers of the tower in Tokyo where I had fought Kain.
I bought one, including some gum and some picture
frames for my pictures.
I went to buy a ticket for a boat ride.  The guy asked
me where I wanted to go and I said, "Anywhere, but
here."  He looked at me and shook his head.  He told
me, "Hey kid, you look like you have all the worries
in the world.  This rides on me kid.  Hop on."  That's
how I got on this boat.  Now the rain has stopped and
I'm on the boat deck all alone with no one that I
know.  This is my story.  My name is Tenchi Masaki.
Please do not forget me and do not make the mistake
that I have made.  I will always love my true love,
Ayeka.

THE END

Author's notes: Well that's my story.  I made mistake
that Tenchi made in this story, which is why I'm in
America now.  I ran away from my true love because of
another's jealousy.  Never hide your feelings.  Always
let them out.  No matter what anyone says, you live
your life well and please consider what I've said.
Don't end up like me or Tenchi portrayed in this
story.  Thank you.  You can email me at
j_djinn@yahoo.com.  Thank you for your time.