No Need for ANOTHER Girl from Space!! - Chapter 1 : "Saquoyato's Intro"


This is my Tenchi Muyo! fanfic. Please don't take it or my new char! This
took forever to write! And this is only chapter 1...

Part 1

       Birds twittered. Tenchi picked carrots from the garden. All of a
sudden, he heard footsteps. He turned and saw a young women. She was wearing
a dark green and dark purple kimono. Her long brown hair was in two
pigtails. She smiled at Tenchi.
       "Excuse me, but could you please tell me where I might fin the Galaxy
Polic officers, Mihoshi and Keyone?" she asked. Tenchi sighed.
       "You're looking for them, too, huh?"
       "Well, you might say Keyone and I are... old friends."
       "Alright then, follow me, miss..."
       "Saquoyato. And you are?"
       "Tenchi Masaki."
       Tenchi puled on the pack of carrots.
       He led her back down the path from the graden to the house. Saquoyato
walked silently behind him, as if deep in thought. Tenchi turned to look at
her. She didn't look up. Suddenly, Ryo Ohki bounded up and jumped to dive
into the vegetables, but Tenchi grabbed her tail. Ryo Ohki didn't seem to
mind, though...she had just spotted another 'cabbot'! This creature was
poking its head out from behind Saquoyao's. It had fluffy mango and tan fur.
Tenchi did a double take.
       "Hey! Miss, is he yours?" he said, gesturing to the new cabbot.
       Saquoyato nodded. "Yes. His name is Mano Ohki. Isn't he cute?" Tenchi
gave a look he would never have dared give the girls in his household. But
it was a good look...

       Back at the house, Sasami hummed to herself as she dropped some
onions into a steaming pot on the stove. Ryoko watched, drooling her brains
out.
       "I'm... starving...Sasami..." she said in a pathetic voice. Without
turning, Sasami shook her head.
       "Sorry Ryoko, Tenchi's not back yet. Dinner will wait!"
       The door was heard. Ryoko flew into the hall but stopped short at the
sight of Saquoyato with Tenchi.
       "Who are you?" she asked, wrapping herself around Tenchi as Tenchi
winced.
       "I am Saquoyato, former Galaxy Police officer, and you are the most
wanted criminal in the universe! I'd arrest you, but... i was canned," she
nodded. Ryoko perked up from a sudden idea.
       "Hey SASAMI! Tenchi's home now, so I'm gonna go get that yummy food!"
She disappeared, leaving Saquoy alone with Tenchi. An awkward silence
followed.

Stay tuned for chapter 2: "More Sense of Saquoyato"
If you like this, you can send me some ideas for it... if i like them , you
might see them up here in an upcoming chapter. Thanks!
