No Need For Vengence, Part Two
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction
by Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron  

DISCLAIMER:  Tenchi Muyo! and characters were created by Hiroki Hayaski and 
Masaki Kajishima and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the series, 
nor the characters.  I just write the fiction.  Baron Kazamone is my creation

This story is based on the OVA continuity, and is a continuation of 'No Need For 
Vengence, Part One.'  Any event or situation similar to the events and 
situations of the upcoming third OVA is purely coincidental.

***

For the first time in over fifteen hundred years, Nagi had felt fear.  The 
sudden revelation that Tenchi Masaki was a crown prince of the planet Jurai had 
unsettled her greatly.  Baron Kazamone had apparently ommited key information 
about the whereabouts of Ryoko.  It was also apparent that the Juraian woman 
that had purple hair, the one who had told her that Tenchi was a prince, was the 
long-missing princess Ayeka.  She now regretted taking the boy hostage, but the 
opportunity to finally kill Ryoko was at hand.  She quickly put her fears aside 
and concentrated her efforts in preparing for that final battle.

It was while she was preparing that the crystal bearing Ken-Ohki's face floated 
over to her. "Ciou, ciou-wou." it mewed.

"It seems our guest is awake now." she said.  "Better make him feel welcome."

She walk over to a 2.5 meter metal board, with arms extending one meter from 
each side.  Tenchi was held to this board with energy manacles.  He was still 
wearing his school uniform, although it was quite dirty now.  He opened his eyes 
slowly and groaned his discomfort from the stun burst from her whip.

From looking around, Tenchi saw that he was in some form of control room.  From 
the looks of it, it was similar to the interior of Ryo-Ohki's control room.  He 
looked to a table on one side and saw the Tenchi-ken lying on it.  He couldn't 
find his bookbag anywhere.  As he saw this, he heard footsteps heading towards 
him.  Looking up, he saw that it was the woman that he saw along the road.  Now 
that the light was better, he was able to see what she looked like.  Her hair 
was a dark gray-blue, shorter than what any the girls back in the house wore.  
She was wearing a close-fitting bodysuit, with black tights covering the arms 
and leg, the torso in a blue swimsuit-like armor.  The suit showed off the 
attractive curves of her body, especially the bust and legs.  She also wore a 
black cloak with a hood to cover the head.

Tenchi got a look at her face.  It was rather plain, hardened and grim, the 
color of her eyes resembling spilled blood.  She wasn't smiling, but she 
regarded him kindly as she spoke:  "My apologies for taking you prisoner, but it 
was nessesary to bring Ryoko to me."

"Bring Ryoko to you?" he gasped.  "What are you talking about?  Who are you?"

"My name is Nagi," the bounty hunter began, "I came here to kill Ryoko."

"KILL RYOKO?"  Tenchi cried out.  "WHY?"

"Because fifteen hundred years ago, she attacked my home planet, during which my 
parents were killed.  I was only eight of your years of age at the time."

'Fifteen hundred years?' Tenchi thought,  'Wait a minute.  That must have 
happened while Ryoko was enslaved by Kagato.'  "I'm sorry to hear that your 
parents were killed," he began, "but Ryoko wasn't responsible for."

"WASN'T RESPONSIBLE!?" Nagi interupted.  "Don't you dare say she wasn't 
responsible for what she did."  Her red eyes flashed angrily at Tenchi.  "Ryoko 
will die for what she did for me.  And I WILL take her head as a trophy."

Tenchi cringed inwardly as he heard those words from the bounty hunter.  "But 
you have to listen to me, Ryoko was."

"Enough of this." Nagi cut her off as she reach for a piece of cloth.  She 
pulled Tenchi's head down, rather hard, and tied the cloth over his mouth.  "I 
won't listen to this nonsense.  I promised that purple-haired princess that 
wouldn't harm you, and this is to make sure that I keep my promise." she 
finished as she knotted the gag.  Finishing this, Nagi reached over to a small 
device and pressed a button.  A small portal opened and she got out a crate 
containing small metalic spheres.  "I'd better get ready for the battle.  You 
just sit quietly over there and we'll get you back home after I finish."  Tenchi 
screamed thru his gag.

***

Chaos reigned at the Masaki house as everyone was trying to sort out the events 
of the evening.  Ryoko was screaming and pacing, demanding that they get out and 
pursue Nagi.  Ayeka was screaming at Ryoko, demanding to know what she knew 
about Nagi.  All the while, Kiyone and Mihoshi was trying to calm both of them 
and trying to keep them separate.  Sasami, Ryo-Ohki and Nobuyuki were seated on 
the couch, both of them looking depressed, while Katsuhito tried to reassure 
them.

Washu sat silently on one of the chairs, her arms folded across her chest and 
her eyes closed in concentration.  Finally, she opened her eyes and placed two 
finger in her mouth.  She then blew a loud whistle which got everyones 
attention.

"ALRIGHT PEOPLE," she yelled, "THIS RUNNING AROUND LIKE CHICKENS WITH THEIR 
HEADS CUT OFF IS NOT GETTING US ANYWHERE!!!"  She then calmed down and 
continued.  "Now, would someone please fill me in?  Who the hell is this Nagi 
character, and why does she want my little Ryoko dead?"

There was a moment of quiet.  Then Kiyone began.  "I read about Nagi.  She is a 
bounty hunter who has lived for over fifteen hundred years.  And she is very 
good at what she does.  In fact. she has almost never failed to bring in her 
quarry."

Mihoshi continued.  "Yes.  In fact, other bounty hunters had tried to kill her, 
because she was that good."  The blonde detective's voice then lowered to almost 
that of a whisper.  "They never survived."

"Kiyone," Washu asked, "you said that she ALMOST never failed to bring in her 
quarry.  Was there anyone she didn't capture?"

"Well yes," the teal-haired detective said, "there was one criminal that she 
failed to bring in."  She turned to look at Ryoko.  The pirate seemed to shrink 
inwardly as everyone looked at her.

"What exactly did you do to that would cause that haridan to capture Lord Tenchi 
in the first place?" Ayeka growled, her stare figurtivly burning a hole into 
Ryoko's soul.  When no answer came forthcoming from her, the princess grabbed at 
Ryoko's blouse and screamed, "ANSWER ME!!!  WHAT DID YOU DO --"

"Ayeka?" Katsuhito's hand had gently rested on his half-sister's shoulder.  
"Recriminations won't secure Tenchi's safe return.  Ryoko has paid for her 
crimes.  Please, leave her be.  Can't you see that she is very upset by these 
events as well?"

"But Yosho, he's your grandson." Ayeka countered.

"Yes he is.  And I'm certain he will return to us safely."  The priest then 
turned to Washu, "You had told me earlier that my mother knew something about 
Nagi's cabbit.  What is it that you know about Ken Ohki?"

The childlike scientist turned to everyone and said, "Well that's easy.  I 
created him."

"WHAT!?"  Ryoko snapped out of her funk when she heard this.  "YOU CREATED THAT 
DAMN FURBALL!?"

"Calm down, Ryoko," Washu countered, "this was long before Nagi -- about over 
three thousand years before."  She then sat down on the couch before she 
continued.  "Around the time I was creating Ryoko, I got to thinking about Ryo-
Ohki," she pointed at the cabbit girl, "and I realized that I didn't want her to 
go through her existance thinking that she was the only one of her kind.  I took 
it upon myself to use the remaining masu that I had when I created both Ryoko 
and Ryo-Ohki, along with the mineral life form that I used to create Ryo-Ohki to 
create another cabbit.  I created it in the same way that I created her, only 
this time, I chose the form of a male.  I even gave Ken-Ohki his name.  But 
before I could complete him, Kagato had captured me and stolen away Ryoko."

"That's awful." Sasami said, hugging her friend. 

"Meow." Ryo-Ohki added sadly.

"That's true," Ayeka added, "but that doesn't explain what Lady Funaho had 
mentioned."

"I'm getting to that."  Washu then continued, "Lady Funaho and I had talked 
during the royal family's visit here last year.  She was concerned about an 
ememy of Jurai getting ahold of the technology to construct cabbit ships like 
Ryo-Ohki.  I told her about the cabbits living in the lake and I reassured her 
that they were unlikely to become ships themselves.  They do not have sufficient 
mass to do that, and are most likely to remain as small crystals, although they 
are very cute at that.  It was then she told me about a small mystery that 
occurred at the Science Acadamy a week after I disapeared.  It seems that my lab 
there was destroyed by a huge explosion.  The mystery was that when the wreckage 
was examined, there was no evidence of any gas leaks or spilled chemicals that 
would have caused the explosion.  It was then I remembered about Ken-Ohki and 
told her about him, along with my motivations about creating him.  Well, 
naturally she was worried that some other empire might get their hand on him and 
-- well, you know.  I told her that I would keep my eyes open and would let her 
know what I find."  Washu's facial expression then turned thoughtful.  "The poor 
creature must have been wandering around the galaxy all this time, feeling so 
lost, wondering who he really was and why he was born.  Finding Nagi must have 
brought some purpose in his life."

While the scientist was relating this, Ayeka cast a cold look towards Ryoko.  
"Nagi said that you destroyed her home and murdered her parents."  Her voice 
then became bitter.  "Well, I hope that you are satisfied!  Your actions had not 
only brought this bounty hunter in existence, but now Tenchi's life is at stake 
here!"

Ryoko could only look downcast at the princess' recriminations.  For the first 
time that night, tears seem to be showing from her golden eyes.  "Ayeka, I --"

"Don't say anything, Ryoko." Washu interupted.  "When you feel up to it, you can 
explain what happened."  The pirate looked at the scientist as Washu continued 
telepathicly.  <<Yes, I DO know what happeded.  I couldn't block it out. It was 
not your fault, you don't have to feel ashamed it.>> Washu gave Ryoko a 
reassuring pat on her arm, then spoke aloud, "Let's just concentrate on getting 
Tenchi back."

"Right.  Let's do that." Ryoko replied.  "First, we've got find out where Nagi 
took Tenchi."

Kiyone then looked at the bookbag that the others had brought in and laid on the 
coffeetable.  "Didn't she say that we would find out the location in Tenchi's 
bookbag?"

"Yes, she did." Ayeka said as she grasped the bookbag, undid the clasp, and 
upended the contents of the bag on the coffeetable.  

All at once, five pairs of hands began rumaging thru the collection of books, 
papers, and writing instraments, looking for something that might give them a 
clue on the whereabouts of the bounty hunter and Tenchi.  Washu picked up a few 
of the papers and began studying the writings on them, looking very intensely at 
what was on them.

"You find anything?" Ryoko asked.

"Boy I sure did."  Everybody stopped what they were doing and looked at her.  
"Tenchi's having a little trouble with his algebra."

"WASHU!!!"  everybody yelled.

"Okay, okay.  Gee, I thought that I might be helpful." Washu grumbled.

Mihoshi then saw an unusual envelope lying on the table.  "Hey!  Look over here, 
I think this might be it."  She picked up the envelope, which had writing on the 
side.  "It addressed to Ryoko." she said.

Ryoko then grabbed the envelope and ripped it open.  Inside, there was a map of 
the Earth.  She followed her eyes towards a small red arrow pointing to a small 
area in the North American continent.  "You've got to be kidding me?" she 
finally commented.  "This must be Nagi's idea of irony.  Well, if that's the 
place she wants for her funeral, then so be it."

"Wait, Ryoko," Kiyone said, "you're not thinking about going alone, are you?"

"I've got to save Tenchi.  It's my fault that Nagi's got him, so I better go 
there."  She then looked towards the teal-haired detective and said, "But I'd be 
a fool if I go there alone.  If any of you want to come, let me know now because 
we're wasting time just talking."

"I for one am coming." Ayeka said.  "You don't think that I'm going to leave you 
and Tenchi alone together?"

"I didn't think you would." Ryoko replied, a playful smirk showing on her face.  

"I'll go with you, too." Washu spoke up.  "You might need some help from your 
mom, particuarlly about the battleground."

"Fine with me, mom." Ryoko said, for once acnowledging Washu as her mother 
without any sarcasim.

"I'm coming too." Mihoshi added.

"So am I." Kiyone spoke up.  "Since this is a kidnaping of Jurai royalty, it's 
natural that the Galaxy Police should get involved.  Just make an effort not to 
kill her if you can, Ryoko."

"Okay." the pirate sighed.  "You know, you really take the fun out of grudges."

"Just doing my duty, Ryoko." Kiyone added.

"You can count on me, too." Sasami spoke up, looking at the others for the first 
time.  Everyone looked at her shocked.

"I'm afraid not, sister." Ayeka said as she knelt to her sister.  "This is very 
dangerous.  And besides, you're still sick."

"But I want to help." the little princess pleaded.

"I know you do."  the purple haired Ayeka replied, resting her hand on her 
sister's head.  "And the best way that you can help is that you stay safe here."  
She held Sasami close to her, "Don't worry.  We'll bring back Tenchi, safe and 
sound."  She then looked up to Katsuhito, "Yosho, could you and Mr. Masaki keep 
an eye on Sasami while we're gone?"

"You need not worry, Ayeka," the priest said, "we'll make sure she's allright."

"Yes," Nobuyuki said, "and please bring back Tenchi."

Ayeka looked towards Nobuyuki and said, "We will."

"I just realized something," Kiyone said, "how are we going to get there?"  She 
shot an angry glance at Mihoshi and continued, "We wrecked the shuttle three 
days ago, thanks to your piloting."

"The auto-landing was supposed to handle it." Mihoshi whined.  "How was I to 
know that it would malfunction?"

"Uh, bubblehead," Washu piped up, "the auto-landing function is usually tied to 
a ground-based landing becon," then she raised her voice, "WHICH WE DON'T HAVE 
HERE!!!"

"Oh.  So -- what do we use?" the ditzy blonde asked.

It was at this juncture that Ryo-Ohki stood up, then transformed into her animal 
form, and looked towards everyone.  "Meow!  Meow-meow!  Meow!" she told everyone 
and scampered outside.

"What's going on?" Kiyone asked. 

Everyone followed the cabbit to the dock outside the house.  Once there, Ryo-
Ohki hopped into Ryoko's arms.  "Okay, I know what you want," the pirate said, 
"You ready?"  The little animal meowed in the affirmative, afterwhich Ryoko 
threw her into the air.  Yowling as she flew, Ryo-Ohki's small form exploded 
greatly as she assumed her spaceship mode.

Kiyone had never seen Ryo-Ohki transform into her ship form, so she was startled 
when the tiny critter changed. "We'er using...THAT?" she said, wide-eyed.

"Oh don't worry, Kiyone," Mihoshi replied, smiling, "she's really good.  Ryo-
Ohki'll get us there in no time."  

Soon, Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Kiyone and Mihoshi were teleported aboard the cabbit-
ship and was soon streaking off in the direction indicated in the map.  Sasami 
watched out on the dock until they vanished from sight.

Katsuhito walked up to his young half-sister and patted her shoulder.  "Come, 
Sasami.  I think it's time we've gotten you to bed."

"Okay, Yosho." Sasami said, somewhat dejected at the thought of no coming along.  
She turned and followed the priest into the house.  Nobuyuki remained on the 
dock, watching the night sky.

***

Onboard Ken-Ohki, Nagi stood as she watched a holographic monitor.  Tenchi was 
still restrained and gagged, also watching.  Soon, a blip showed up on the 
screen, indicating another cabbit ship lifting off and proceeding towards the 
course given.

"About time Ryoko's taken off.  She might not be coming alone."  She patted a 
metal container that was stored in a subspace storage unit.  "Luckily, I thought 
about this ahead of time."  Nagi then turned as Tenchi tried to speak thru the 
gag.  He seemed to be trying to talk to her.  "I don't care what you are trying 
to say.  I'm telling you this, Ryoko will die today.  And your little 
contribution will help a great deal."  She then picked up a pair of gray gloves 
off the container and a gray pouch and looped both over her belt.

Tenchi's eyes went wide.  He then continued to try to scream and yell but the 
gag muffled his efforts.

***

Ryo-Ohki flew eastward over the surface of the Pacific Ocean, her speed far 
exceeding Mach 2.  Her outward configuration didn't appear to be very 
aerodynamic, but the cabbit-ship had as part of her construction a series of 
shields which allowed for efficent passage to supersonic speeds, as well as 
protection from air friction.  Her stealth mode was not active, so she traveled 
very close over the ocean, kicking up a huge wake of water from the sonic 
shockwave.  For the most part, they were unseen, except for that Russian whaling 
craft that got overturned when they passed them, the crew looking out of the 
water in a confused way.

Inside her cabin. the five women prepared for whatever Nagi had in mind.  Both 
Ryoko and Ayeka wore their respective battlesuits.  Mihoshi wore her battlesuit, 
while Kiyone wore her Galaxy Police uniform, both of them checking their 
weapons.  Washu wore her old Science Acadamy labcoat and, strangely, had assumed 
her adult form, hoping to confuse the bounty hunter.  At the same time, Washu 
was using her holographic laptop to find out possible strategies.

Ryoko was strangely quiet, watching the almost endless horizon as it gradually 
lightened into day.  Ayeka noticed this and walked over to the pirate and 
studied her face.  She saw a face that was a mixure of fear and worry.  The 
princess began to wonder if Ryoko was contenplating her own death.

Ayeka was about to walk away when Ryoko spoke up.  "Ayeka?"

Ayeka turned.  "Is there something you want?" she replied.

There was a long pause.  "Look, in case I don't make it through this, if you 
want to know what happened, ask Washu.  She'll tell you."

"You sound as if you don't expect to win this." Ayeka said.  "Is there something 
about Nagi that concerns you?"

"No, nothing." Ryoko answered.  Then she turned to the princess and said, "Make 
no mistake about this, Princess.  I intend to win this battle.  AND I intend to 
free Tenchi and ultimately win his heart.  And you can take that to the bank."  
But then, the tone of her voice softened, "But, if I don't make it out of this, 
please take care of Tenchi for me?"

Now Ayeka was feeling scared.  Ryoko had certainly, in the year since they met 
again, had annoyed her to no end.  However, she had in her heart respected the 
space pirate, and privatly regarded her as a true friend.  To think that she 
might lose this friend terrified her.  As for their rivalry for Tenchi's 
affection, Ayeka had somehow felt that she was at the losing end of the battle.  
She couldn't compeate with Ryoko's freespirited demenour and unconditional love 
for Tenchi.  But all the same, she wasn't willing to give up on this sweet, 
caring boy who had given her and Sasami shelter when she was stranded after Ryu-
Oh's crash.  So she continued to fight for his attention despite Ryoko's 
extreamly affectionate attempts.  To suddenly gain Tenchi's heart after the 
pirate's death would be like cheating to her.  She had to say something that 
would inspire her rival to triumph over Nagi.  "Do not worry, I am certain that 
we could find a way to memorialize your name.  Perhaps a toy poodle or a shiz-
tzu, although I am partial to a Yorkshire terrier.  Don't you think so?"

As she hoped, Ryoko's eyes went wide with rage.  "WHAT!?!  IS THAT YOUR IDEA OF 
A JOKE, AYEKA?  OKAY, JUST FOR THAT, I MIGHT AS WELL WIN THIS BATTLE.  THEN 
MAYBE WE CAN GET A PET MORE LIKE YOU:  A JACKASS!!!"  

Ayeka walked away from the seething pirate, lightly chuckling as she went. 'Now 
maybe she can concentrate on winning, instead of dying.' she thought.  As she 
strolled across the deck, a hand gently on her shoulder.  Ayeka turned in the 
direction of the hand and saw Washu, a look of graditute in her emerald eyes.

"Thank you." the scientist whispered.  Ayeka simply smiled and nodded.

All this activity was not lost upon Kiyone, who was still checking her weapons 
with Mihoshi.  She still couldn't get used to the fact that a small animal was 
capable of becoming a warship, as well as a woman who can almost instantly 
change from a twelve year-old child to an adult.  'This is a very odd family, 
indeed.' she thought to herself.  'And I still haven't found out what's so 
special about Tenchi.  He seems to get into his share of trouble and then have a 
group of women come and rescue him.'

"That was nice of Ayeka." Mihoshi piped up, startling her partner from her 
thoughts.

"What's so nice about it?" Kiyone countered.  "All she did was insult Ryoko and 
then get insulted herself."

"Well. yes.  But Ryoko was feeling a bit down, and Ayeka did what she did and 
now Ryoko's feeling better.  Haven't you noticed that?  I certainly did."  
Mihoshi turned and looked at the pirate.  "I think she scared about this Nagi 
person."

"Yeah." Kiyone answered.  "I'd be scared, too.  How do you think Ryoko handled 
her in the past?"

"I don't know."

Soon, everyone attention was centered by Ryo-Ohki's yowling, Ryoko in particual.  
The cyan-haired pirate looked up at a drop-down display which showed their 
course and position.

"Okay, Ryo-Ohki, go to subsonic and climb to five kilometers.  Better engage 
stealth mode, too."  

"MRRROWWWW!" Ryo-Ohki yowled in compliance.  Almost abruptly, the ship climbed 
upward, and everyone noticed the ship slowing down.  The sun shone brightly in 
the spacous cabin as the women gathered around Washu, who gathered information 
about the site that Nagi had chosen.

"So what can you tell us about this place, Miss Washu?" asked Ayeka.

The scientist ignored Ayeka's use of the word 'Miss' and punched a few 'keys' on 
her holographic laptop, and soon a map of the area in question came up on the 
display dome.  "Nothing much, except that it's a place of extreams." Washu 
answered.  "It's the lowest point in the continet -- about eighty-two meters 
below sea-level.  It's also the second hottest place on this planet.  The 
highest recorded tempurture is fifty-seven degrees Celsius.  The average annual 
rainfall is about four-point-five centimeters.  It rich in mineral resources, 
some gold and silver, but mostly borax.  Now it's a national monument, which 
means we have to watch out for park rangers in the area, not to mention we've 
got to keep any damage to a minimum."  She looked up at Ryoko.  "The locals call 
this place, 'Death Valley.'"

"Like I said," Ryoko replied, "Nagi's got a wonderful sense of irony.  So, where 
do we wait?"

"Right here."  Washu indicated to a flashing point on the map.  "A formation 
known as Titus Canyon.  It's pretty narrow, so you won't have much room to 
manuver if the fight gets real hairy.  Also, you'll have to watch out for any 
falling rocks that might happen by."  Washu then went to her personal display 
and viewed several figures.  "The current temperture is right now about thirty-
one degrees Celsius, so we better bring plenty of water along."  With that said, 
everyone went back to their preparations as Ryo-Ohki glided over the California 
coast, on course to the state's interior.

***

Even thought it was late September, and it was 10 AM local time, the temperture 
had already crossed the thirty-three degree mark at Nagi's hiding place, the 
ruins of the Harmony Borax Works.  Forturnately for her, there were no tourists 
to this place, where she waited for Ryoko to arrive.  She looked outside the 
crumbling buildings and sighed.  How could a locations so desolate can also be 
so beautiful?  She unscrewed the cap off her canteen and took a short sip of 
water from.  It was then that she looked towards her captive, still bound and 
gagged within the structure.

Still wearing a grim look on her face, Nagi strolled over towards Tenchi.  "You 
might as well have a good, long drink." she said.  "No use having you die from 
thirst from this place." The bounty hunter then pulled the gag off Tenchi's 
mouth.

With his mouth finally free, Tenchi looked at Nagi and said, "Look, you have to 
listen to what I say." but before he could say any more, the bounty hunter put 
the neck of the canteen to his mouth.

"Just shut up and drink." she griped.  Tenchi found that he had no other choice, 
but to except the water.  "Go slow.  Don't take too much too fast." Nagi 
cautioned.  For a minute, Tenchi drank the water she offered.  Afterwards, Nagi 
stepped down and walked towards a small pack.  There, she picked up a small 
cloth and began to soak it with more water.

"You gotta listen to me!" Tenchi pleaded.  "Ryoko's changed, you don't have 
fight her.  You can walk away from this, I'm certain." but was interupted when 
Nagi shoved the wet cloth in his mouth.

"Sorry, but I'm afraid I've gone too far just to walk away from this." Nagi 
said, almost sypatheticly.  "This nightmare I've lived is going to end today.  
Afterwards, I'm going to find out why Kazamone left out some important facts," 
she said as she retied the gag, "like how could you be a Juraian prince."  

Soon, her attention was diverted to a beeping signal she got from a small device 
in her pack.  Stepping off, she rushed towards the pack and picked up the 
device.  "Looks like they arived."  Nagi then looked to Ken-Ohki, who was 
perched on a rock.  "It's time, Ken-Ohki.  Let's go."

The white cabbit looked to Nagi with an almost mornful look, then lept into the 
air, yowling as he changed into his spaceship form.  Tenchi looked at this sight 
and wonder if Washu might have anything to do with this creature.  Then he 
thought about what Nagi was about to do.  

'How can stop Nagi from killing Ryoko, with what she's got?' Tenchi thought as 
he and the bounty hunter were teleported aboard Ken-Ohki.  'I gotta do 
something!  Wait. This gag isn't tied as tight as before.  Maybe if I can work 
this gag off, I might be able to warn Ryoko. I have to try.'  Tenchi then began 
to descreatly move his head around as Ken-Ohki began to move towards the 
direction of Titus Canyon.and a battle with Ryoko and Nagi.

***

"Where are they?" Ryoko growled as she paced on the canyon's uneven floor.  The 
group had landed no more than five minutes ago and already the pirate was 
getting impatient.  Everyone else merely gathered in one spot, away from Ryoko.

"Will you calm down?" Washu said, almost annoyed.  "We've just got here and 
already you want to fight."

"Yes, Ryoko, will you please calm down." Ayeka added.  "You won't do Tenchi any 
good in your current state."

"WILL YOU SHUT UP, AYEKA!!" Ryoko snapped.  She was about to say more when 
everyone heard Ken-Ohki come over the rise.  "About time." the pirate grumbled.  
Then she yelled at the ship, "C'MON, NAGI!!  LET'S GET THIS OVER WITH!!"

Almost instantly, as if obeying Ryoko's command, the bounty hunter, with the 
bound-up Tenchi, teleported opposite of the group.  After they were down, Ken-
Ohki resumed his cabbit form and bounded next to his mistress.  Nagi looked in 
Ryoko's direction, a smirk gracing her face.  "Looks like you want to get this 
started, Ryoko.  Are you in THAT much of a hurry to die?"

"It depends.  You want to get this over with, Nagi?"

"In a few minutes.  I've got something to do first."  Nagi then touched a button 
on a small control unit that hung from her belt.  Almost instantly, several 
small, silver globes appeared out of subspace and surrounded Tenchi and the 
group of rescuers.  After holding in place, the air between them shimmered and 
crackled.  The only ones not surrounded were Nagi and Ryoko.

"What the." Ayeka gasped.

"It's some kind of force field!"  Kiyone added.  "We're trapped!"

"Don't worry," Mihoshi said, drawing her blaster, "I'll get us out of here!"

"I wouldn't try it." Nagi warned.  

Mihoshi refused to listen and fired her blaster at one of the silver field 
emmiters.  Almost instantly, the beam struck the emmiter and shot back at the 
blonde detective at twice the force.  Mihoshi screamed in pain as the energy of 
the shot coursed thru her body, then she collaped as the energy diminished.

"MIHOSHI!!!" Kiyone screamed as the other raced towards the fallen detective.  
"ARE YOU ALLRIGHT?  MIHOSHI!?!"  For a few moments, the teal-haired detective 
shook her partner as Washu used her holographic laptop to guage her life 
readings.  Finally, after what seemed to be a long time, a small sound was heard 
from Mihoshi:

"Ouch."

The captive rescuers all sweatdroped, but were otherwise relieved.  Kiyone then 
turned to Nagi and yelled, "THAT COULD'VE KILLED HER, YOU KNOW!!"

"Highly unlikely." Nagi sneered.  "The force of the blast only stuns, but aside 
from that discourages any more attempts to escape.  She's lucky she didn't use a 
stronger blaster or else she would need hospitalazion."  She then turned towards 
Ryoko and added, "I wouldn't try to get your boyfriend out.  That same shield 
also prevents you from getting to him, as well as the others.  And don't try to 
teleport, either -- if you know what's good for you."

"Well, there goes half our plan." Kiyone griped.

"Not yet." Washu whispered.  "I'll try to get this shield down."  She then turns 
to Ryoko and yells, "Don't worry about us!  You go and kick her butt, Ryoko!"

Ryoko nods and then stares at Nagi.  "Anytime you're ready."

Nagi answers, "I've been ready for fifteen hundred years."

Ryoko then notices that Nagi was wearing gray gloves.  "Never thought you were a 
glove wearer.  I thought that you liked getting your hands dirty.

"There's always a first time for everything." was the bounty hunter's only 
reply.

For a few moments, the two advesaries stand facing each other, staring.  Ryoko 
is soon distracted by what sounded like muffeled yelling from Tenchi.  Ryoko 
glances towards him and whispers, "Don't worry, Tenchi.  I'll get you out of 
this mess."  Ryoko then notices that Tenchi seems to be trying to tell her 
something, but the gag in his mouth was preventing him from voicing them.  
"What?" Ryoko asks, but is soon distracted by Nagi charging towards her, sword 
drawn.  Ryoko then charges her energy sword and charges in turn.  The two then 
clash, swords crossing noisily as their last battle begins.  Tenchi then resumes 
trying to work the gag out of his mouth

***

Half a world away .

Katsuhito left the house thru the front door, after having seen Sasami to bed.  
He was about to return to the shrine when he notices Nobuyuki standing on the 
dock by the lake, staring out to the unseen shore, being it was still dark.  
Walking up to his son-in-law, the priest says, "You know, you really should go 
to sleep.  You do have to go to work in the morning."

"That's allright," Nobuyuki answers, "I can call in sick in the morning.  I've 
got time built up."  His voice seemed flat and tired.

"You're worried about Tenchi, are you?" Katsuhito asks after a long pause.

"Yeah." the architect sighed.  "I'm scared, Dad," Nobuyuki always refered to 
Katsuhito as Dad, although he was in truth his father-in-law, "I don't want to 
end up burying another family member, especially my son."  Nobuyuki had never 
gotten over the loss of his wife, Achika.  He had loved her so much that he had 
never considered remarrying.

"I wouldn't worry too much." Katsuhito said.  "I trust the girls.  And I trust 
Tenchi.  He is more powerful than you give him credit for.  He'll come back to 
us.  I know that."

"I wish I had your faith, Dad."  Nobuyuki then turned to Katsuhito and said, "As 
long as I don't have to go to work tomorrow, maybe we might shoot the breeze for 
a while, have a little sake, and just. well. make sure Sasami's comforable."

Katsuhito smiled and said, "Not too much sake, I hope.  You tend to sing very 
badly when you had a little too much, and I don't think my ears can handle it."

"Oh pooh." Nobuyuki laughed.

***

Sasami was asleep while this activity downstairs was going on.  However, it was 
not a sound sleep.  She tossed and turned, as if experiencing a really bad 
nightmare.  Also, the emblem of power on her forehead was glowing.

"No. no. watch out, Ryoko." she moaned, her thrashing becoming more frantic.  
Suddenly, she sat up bolt-upright, screaming, "NOOOOOO!"  The glow of her emblem 
faded.  Sasami looked around in the darkness of the room she shared with Ayeka.  
"Yosho?  Mr. Masaki?" she sobbed, but no answer came.  Feeling absolutly alone, 
Sasami's head sank into her lap as hot and uncomfortable tears came from her 
eyes.  "I've got to help them." she cried.  "I've just got to help Ryoko and 
Tenchi."

<<I would not worry about them, Sasami,>> a voice came from Sasami's head, <<I 
am certain they will survive.>>

Sasami's eyes went wide, for she recognized the voice in her head.  "T-Tsunami?  
Is that you?"

<<Yes, It is me.  Tenchi and Ryoko will be alright,>>  Tsunami answered, <<but 
it is Nagi that will need our help.>>

"OUR help?"

<<Yes.  I cannot accomplish it alone.  I need your help, Sasami.  Will you 
please help me?>>

"Well, yeah," Sasami answered, "but I don't feel too good right now."

Tsunami lightly chuckled inside her head and answered, <<Do not worry, Sasami.  
I will help you with your illness.  So, would you please get dressed and go to 
Yosho's tree for me?>>

"You bet, Tsunami!" Sasami eagarly answered as she bolted out of her futon.

***

After standing at the dock for about twenty minutes, both Katsuhito and Nobuyuki 
returned to the house for a bit of drinking and small talk.  As soon as they 
entered, though, Katsuhito suddenly looked as if he heard a sound.  He then 
turned to his son-in-law, who was pouring warmed-up sake into ceramic bottles.  
"Could you please check and see how Sasami is doing.  I'll take care of the sake 
while you do."

"Sure thing, Dad." Nobuyuki answered and soon proceeded upstairs.  

He walked up to the door to Ayeka and Sasami's bedroom and tapped on it lightly.  
"Sasami," Nobuyuki asked quietly, "is there anything you need?"  When no answer 
came, he quietly slid the door back and poked his head in.  "Sasami?"  When he 
still heard no answer, he reached in and turned on the light.  No one was there.

***

Katsuhito was outside the house when he heard Nobuyuki screaming.  He barely 
paid attention when his son-in-law came barreling out the door in a blind panic.  
"DAD," he yelled, "SASAMI'S GONE!!!  WE GOTTA FIND HER!!!  OH, I KNOW AYEKA'S 
GOING TO KILL ME NOW!"

"Calm down, Nobuyuki." the priest said.  "She'll be alright.  Look over there."  
Katsuhito pointed to the general direction of his tree, Funaho, who was named in 
honor of his mother.  There, in the distance, a brilliant, blue-white glow had 
pierced the darkness and soon faded.

"I-is that where she is?" Nobuyuki stammered.

"She WAS there." Katsuhito answered.  "She's gone to join Ayeka and the others."

"Are you sure that's a good idea?  Ayeka asked us."

"Sasami did not go alone." Katsuhito interuped.  "Tsunami will take good care of 
her, don't you worry.  Now let's get to that sake before it gets cold."  With 
that, Katsuhito turned back into the house, while Nobuyuki stood there looking 
in the direction of the glow, scratching his head.

"I'll never get used to this." he muttered as he turned back into the house.

***

Back in Death Valley.

The battle had been going on for about fifteen minutes, and so far Ryoko and 
Nagi had yet to gain any noticeable advantage.  Despite the heat of the day, 
both combatants seem to be able to continue their attack on each other.  As far 
it seemed, this was a 'feeling out' process, each of them trying to guage the 
others strenghts.

The others in the meanwhile were helpless spectators to the conflict.  Tenchi 
was having some success in trying to work his gag off, but he redoubled his 
efforts neverthless.  Mihoshi had recovered from her misfortune with the 
forcefield and joined the others as part of the captive audience in the drama 
unfolding at the moment.

Washu continued to tap away on her laptop, trying to free themselves from said 
forcefield, but she was having difficulties.  Occasionally, she would utter 
curses in some of the many obscure languages that she knew under her breath as 
she pondered some random calculation.  Ayeka observed this activity with just a 
little impatience.  Finally, when that overtook her, she yelled at the pink-
haired scientist, "WHAT'S TAKING YOU SO LONG?  HAVEN'T YOU GOTTEN THAT FIELD 
DOWN YET?"

"This is not as easy as I thought!" Washu snapped back.  "This field is using a 
rotating frequency modulator.  This Nagi must be smarter that I thought she was.  
But don't worry.  I almost got it.  It'll only take a few minutes."

"A field with a frequency rotator certainly cannot generated with these small 
emitters."  Kiyone observed.  "The main generator must be somewhere."

"I know." Washu said.  "The generator is on the board that Tenchi's bound to.  
And I also found out that the energy manacles that's holding him is using the 
same field.  So when I drop the field holding us in --"

"Then Tenchi will be free also." Ayeka finished.

"Exactly." Washu punctuated.  "I've just about got it.  Just one more figure, 
and --"  She then hit a key with a satisfied punch.  The field fluctuated 
briefly, but then resolidified to its original strength.

"WHAT?" Washu just stared dumbly at the display.  "But I got the frequency 
rotation locked!  How could it."  She looked at the display and her eyes went 
wide.  "OH GREAT!!"

"What is it?" the others choiroused.

"She got a rotating AMPLITUDE modulator as well!  Now both rotation rates have 
changed and I got to start all over again!"  Washu seemed on the verge of panic 
at this discovery.

Mihoshi meanwhile had watched the battle and saw something that nobody else had 
before.  "Hey guys," she said, "did any of you noticed that Nagi is wearing 
shielded gloves?"

"She is?" both Kiyone and Washu said.

"Pardon me, but what are shielded gloves anyway?" Ayeka asked.

"Oh those are special protective gloves that have their own forcefields." 
Mihoshi said.  "Strange thing, though, there only used by engineers on starships 
and space freighters.  I don't think she would need them if she had to repair 
Ken-Ohki."

"I don't think she would." Washu added.  "Ken-Ohki wouldn't need repairs in the 
conventional sense, because all he has to do to."  A horrified look came over 
Washu's face.  She then turned to Ayeka said, "Did you happen to see Tenchi's 
sword when we emptied his bookbag?"

"No, why?"  Then Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "You don't think that she'd. but even 
if she did, she wouldn't be able to activate the blade because she is not 
Juraian royalty."

"She may not have to."  Washu then went back to trying to disable the field, but 
nothing could be able to undo the knoting in her insides as she thought of what 
Nagi had planned.

And as for Nagi, she was having an easy time dodging Ryoko attacks.  The 
intensity of their battle had increased greatly and Ryoko was having more 
trouble combating her than before, possiblly because before she had all three of 
her gems.  Now she had the one on her left wrist.

"What's the matter, Ryoko?  Having a little trouble?" Nagi taunted.  "Maybe you 
should call one of your monsters, like you always did in the past."

"Maybe I just don't feel like it." Ryoko sneered back.  She could summon up a 
monster.  It had always worked before against Nagi.  The only problem is that 
with only one gem she wouldn't be able to control it.  It would go beserk, like 
the one she created to attack Ayeka back at the inn owned by Tenchi's great 
aunt.  So she settled for firing energy bolts at the bounty hunter.  Nagi's 
shield device activated just in time to deflect the bolts away.

"WILL YOU STOP WITH THAT SHIELD?" Ryoko screamed, "HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO HIT YOU 
WHEN YOU DO THAT?"

"If that's what you want," Nagi said, "why don't you come down here and we'll go 
at it, hand-to-hand."  While she said this, her left hand, which was conceled by 
her cloak, had crept to the pouch that had hung from her belt.

Tenchi had heard this, and had by now worked off the gag.  However, now he had 
to spit out the wet cloth that Nagi had stuffed into his mouth.  His eyes had 
darted back and forth between the two women as he struggled to get rid of the 
cloth.

"FINE BY ME!" Ryoko yelled as she energized her sword and charged the bounty 
hunter.  As they did, their swords crossed once again, their eyes locked on each 
other.

Finally, Tenchi was able to get rid of the cloth in his mouth.  Taking a deep 
breath, he yelled out at the top of his lungs, "RYOKO, NAGI'S GOT MY SWORD!  GET 
AWAY!"

"Huh?" Ryoko quearried as she was back into the canyon wall by Nagi.  Suddenly, 
she felt something jab into her stomach.  Almost immedietly, a powerful electric 
jolt coursed painfully through her body, almost reminecent of the time Ayeka had 
tortured her onboard Ryu-Oh.  There, in Nagi's left hand, the pommel end of 
Tenchi-ken was pushed deeply into her stomach.

The bounty hunter had held the sword into her gut for a full thirty seconds, all 
the while Washu had winced almost painfully along with her daughter.  The other 
girls looked at her and held her up after Nagi had released Ryoko.  The pirate 
collaped on the canyon floor and strained her head up as Nagi stood before her, 
holding Tenchi-ken in her left hand.  "What do you think, Ryoko?" the bounty 
hunter said with a satisfied smirk.  "It's too bad that I couldn't get the blade 
to work, but I think the self-defense mechanisms should be enough to get you 
softened up."

"STOP IT!  LEAVE HER ALONE!"  Tenchi yelled.  "RYOKO, GET AWAY FROM HER!" 

Ryoko struggled to get to her feet, her insides feeling like quivering jelly.  
Somehow, dispite Tenchi's plea, she had summoned the strength to energize her 
sword again and charged, somwhat unstedily, towards Nagi.  The bounty hunter 
simply parried the attack and again jabbed Tenchi-ken into her gut.  Again, a 
blast of electrical energy crackled through Ryoko, and for the first time, she 
screamed in intense agony.

"NO!!!  RYOKO!!!"  Washu cried out, tears flooding out of her eyes.  She had 
long since abandoned trying to drop the shield, her attention fully on the 
battle.

"No." Ayeka whispered, her eyes showing tears also.

"This can't be happening, Kiyone." Mihoshi cried.  Her partner was too 
overwhelmed to even speak.

Still in her 'animal form', Ryo-Ohki looked pleadingly towards Ken-Ohki.  His 
only response was to look down sadly.

"DAMN YOU, STOP IT!!!!" Tenchi screamed at the bounty hunter.  His brown eyes 
were showing more anger that sorrow.

Nagi once again released Ryoko, who again fell to the ground.  "How does it 
feel, Ryoko?" she growled in a low voice.  "Do you feel like dying?  Does it 
hurt?  Does it hurt as much as I do everytime I think about what you did to me?"  
She ephasised that last part with a vicious kick in Ryoko's jaw, causing a trail 
of spit and blood to spray out of her mouth.

Gathering what was left of her strengh, Ryoko finally decided to retreat and try 
to battle again later.  Summoning up every iota of will she had, she levitated 
and flew upward.  But when she was thirty meters in the air, Nagi's sword-whip 
ensnared her feet.  The bounty hunter then lept up into the air, and then jammed 
Tenchi-ken into the small of her back.  This time, she held the sword to her 
back for a full minute and a half, Ryoko screaming until she had finally lost 
conscienceness.  Nagi released her from her whip and the pirate plummeted to the 
ground, landing with a sickening thud.

"NOOOOOO!!!!  RYOKO, GET UP!!!" Tenchi cried.  His gaze then turned to Nagi, who 
was slowly lowering herself onto the ground.  "Youuuu..." he growled, his breath 
quickening as she strolled over to Ryoko, who thankfully was still alive, but 
was barely moving.  "THAT'S IT, YOU'VE ALREADY HURT HER ENOUGH, NAGI!!!  LEAVE 
HER ALONE!!!"

Nagi ignored Tenchi as she reached down and grabbed a handful of Ryoko's cyan 
hair and pulled her head upward.  "Well, I don't need this anymore." she said as 
she tossed Tenchi-ken aside, landing a good twenty meters away from her.  Then 
she brought her sword aganst Ryoko's neck, looked down at her and asked with a 
smile, "Well, Ryoko?  Any last words you want to say?"

Somehow, Ryoko had managed to open her eyes, and in a low voice, said, 
"Go.to.hell.Nagi."

"Already been there." Nagi answered.  She then slowly brought her sword up, 
savoring the moment before she would decapitate her enemy's head.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!" Washu and the others yelled, too horrified at what 
was about to happen.

"NO! THIS CAN'T HAPPEN!!!" Tenchi yelled, straining against his bonds.  "YOU 
WON'T.I CAN'T.RYOKO.NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!"  

At that moment, the three thin green triangles that made up Tenchi's emblem of 
power became visible on his brow and blazed a brilliant blue-white, glowing 
brighter than the sun itself.  At the same time, the silver shield emiters that 
surrounded Tenchi and the other girls began arcing and sparking uncontrolably.  
Then in a deafening "BBBBOOOOOOOMMMM!!!!!",  the emiters and the shields 
exploded, knocking Nagi over just as she was about to bring her sword down on 
Ryoko's neck.  The bounty hunter tumbled a good fifteen meters before righting 
herself.  She then prepared to once again battle Ryoko, only to stare dumbly at 
what was before her.

The girls, having recovered quickly thanks to the log shield that Ayeka had 
quickly summoned, immedietly stopped short as well, staring at the awesome sight 
as well.  Ryoko, having survived the blast unprotected, managed to look up.  Her 
eyes went wide as she said one word:  "Tenchi."

Tenchi stood between Nagi and Ryoko, staring intently at the bounty hunter.  
Nagi was also staring, only not at Tenchi, but at the three brilliant blue-white 
petals that were between them.

Kiyone was dumbfounded.  She knew of the phenomenon that was before her, but she 
didn't believe that any person, not to mention an Earthling, was capable of 
this.  "Lighthawk wings?" she whispered.  "But I thought only Jurai treeships 
could generate them."

"Lord Tenchi can." Ayeka answered.  "It was like this when he defeated Kagato a 
year ago."

As this discussion was going on, Tenchi held out his hands.  The upper two wings 
passed through, replacing his dirty school uniform with his Lighthawk battle 
armor.  The lower wind then lifted to head level, which Tenchi grasped and 
formed the Lighthawk sword.  He then assumed his stance and prepared for combat.

<<Tenchi.>> a voice in his head called.

'Huh?  Tsunami?' Tenchi thought.

<<Do not kill Nagi.>> Tsunami answered  

'Don't kill her?  But why.'

<<Please trust me, Tenchi.  You will see.>>

'Okay.  I'll trust you.' Tenchi thought.

Nagi looked at Tenchi, feeling very nervous but not showing it.  "Look, kid.  My 
quarrel's not with you."  she began

"Wrong, Nagi!" he finally said.  "You came here, fully intending to kill a 
member of my family!  And when you mess with my family, then you become MY 
problem!"  And with that, he charged at the bounty hunter, yelling his battle 
cry.

Nagi parried the attack, but the force of the blow had caught her off-guard.  
She tried to mount an attack, but Tenchi was charging again, striking at her 
with slashes and cuts that were more powerful than she imagined.  One of those 
attacks finally had knocked her sword out of her hand.  Then Tenchi, mentally 
changing the nature of the sword so that it would act as a club, struck Nagi 
with such force that she was propelled twenty-two meters to the canyon wall, 
nearly imbeding her in the rock.  Ken-Ohki immedietly bounded over, concerned 
about his mistress.  Tenchi then watched with relief as he saw that the bounty 
hunter was still alive.  Satisfied, he willed the power of the Lighthawk wings 
away, his battle armor disapearing and his school uniform returning. 

"Oh Tenchi!" Ryoko cried out, happy tears streaming from her eyes.  She had 
found the strength to stand up and face the one person she loved above all 
others.  She was about to run over and give Tenchi a big hug. when she was 
trampled to the ground by the others as they rushed over to him.  Ryoko just 
laid there on the ground, footprints and pawprints covering her back, then she 
raised her head up, looking extreamlly pissed.

The other girls were giving Tenchi hugs and expressing their relief that he was 
alright.  Kiyone was the first to say something somewhat inteligent, "That was 
amazing, Tenchi.  I've never expected anything like this."

"Well, I for one am not surprised." Ayeka added.  "I was certain Tenchi would 
triumph over that haridan."

"Wow, Tenchi.  I can't believe it." Mihoshi gushed.

"I believe it." Washu said, "and I wished that I had monitored the whole thing.  
I'm still trying to find you why you can generate Lighthawk wings."

"Look, girls," Tenchi finally was able to get you, "I'm glad to see all of you, 
but I gotta find out if Ryoko's okay."

"Oh she fine, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said offhandedly, "what I want to know is if 
you're okay."

"Look, I'm fine," Tenchi sputtered, "but really."

"HEY HEY HEY!!!" Ryoko yelled, finally getting up and rushing over to the 
others, "GET AWAY FROM HIM, ALL OF YOU!  AYEKA, HANDS OFF!!  THAT GOES FOR YOU 
TOO, 'MOM'!!!" she said, trying to shoo Washu away.

"I'm just trying to examine Tenchi for."

"I DON'T CARE!!  MIHOSHI, STOP TRYING TO HUG TENCHI!!  AND GET OFF HIS HEAD, 
RYO-OHKI!!"

"MEOWWWW!!!!"

With all this activity going on, nobody was paying attention to Nagi, who was 
struggling to get to her feet.  "Chou?" Ken-Ohki asked, but she ignored him as 
she bent over to retrieve her sword.

"It's not over yet." the bounty hunter muttered, her red eyes narrowed into 
angry slits as she watched the other gather around Tenchi.  Quietly, she stepped 
towards the others, her eyes glued squarly on Ryoko.  "Not by a long shot."  She 
raised her sword as she came closer.

Oblivious to Nagi's presence, Ryoko's voice began to ring out clearly.  "C'mon, 
Tenchi!  Let's go and finish off Nagi."

"No, Ryoko, we can't!" Tenchi objected.

"No?" the pirate almost screamed.  "Are you crazy?  Why not?"  Tenchi was about 
to answer, but soon everyone heard a shout come from behind them.  

"DIE, RYOKO!!!!!" Nagi yelled, charging rapidly towards the group.  The others 
turned, each one surprised but ready to fight.

>THUD!<

Nagi bounced backwards for a distance of three meters.  Getting up, the bounty 
hunter's. and everybody elses. jaw dropped.  Between the group, a Lighthawk wing 
hovered.  But this wing was huge:  it was two meters wide and almost twenty 
meters in leangh, impeding Nagi from her target.

Ryoko was the first to speak.  "Tenchi?"

"It's not me, Ryoko." The next logical question would have been, 'Then where did 
this came from.'  What they saw and heard next rendered that question academic.  

A dull roar, growing in volume, was heard.  Soon, a huge ship appeared over the 
canyon wall.  It was over two hundred meters long, twenty-five meters, blue-
green in color, and appeared to be made of -- wood.

"Tsunami." Ayeka whispered.

"The ship of Jurai? -- here?" Kiyone gasped.  For her, this was all happening 
too fast.  She felt her head spin.  She would have fainted if Mihoshi didn't 
hold her up.

"Oh sister," Washu muttered, no one else hearing, "If the park rangers didn't 
hear the battle, they'll certainly see this."

Earlier in the day, Nagi had felt fear.  Now looking at possiblly the most 
powerful of Jurai's treeships, she now knew terror.  Her first instinct would 
have been to call Ken-Ohki to form into a ship and escape, but the treeship had 
blocked the canyon, making that impossible.  Grimly, she settled down in a 
defensive crouch, prepared for whatever may come.  It wasn't long in coming.

The Lighthawk wing that had blocked her from Ryoko began to shrink.  Slowly at 
first, the wing contracted inwardly until it had shrunk to the size and form of 
an adult female.  Then the blue-white glow began to diminish.  When it did, it 
revealed a most captivating sight.  An extreamly beautiful woman, wearing 
traditional Juraian robes, stood.  She had very long, electric-blue hair, which 
flowed to her ankles and was tied in two ponytails.  She had pink eyes and a 
serene look on her face.  The look in her eyes seemed to envoke wisdom, as well 
as a bit of mischief.

Kiyone was captivated, seeing this beauty.  "Who's that?" she whispered to 
Mihoshi.

"That's Tsunami." she answered.

"Tsunami?" Kiyone whispered.  She looked closely at her and thought, 'She looks 
very familiar'

Tsunami then turned towards Nagi.  The bounty hunter braced for an attack, 
although the stranger facing her did not seem to be armed.  "Who are you?" she 
demanded.

"Hello Nagi.  I am Tsunami." She smiled at Nagi. "You have nothing to fear.  I 
am not here to battle you.  I am here to help you."

"Help me?"  Nagi eyed her suspiciously.  "Help me with what?"

"To help you realize the error of pursuing Ryoko." the goddess answered.

"There is no error!" Nagi snapped back. "She destroyed my home, killed my 
parents."

"Yes," Tsunami interuped, "she did do all those, but it was not her fault."

This only made Nagi even angrier.  "NOT HER FAULT!?!  WHAT ARE YOU TALKING 
ABOUT, OF COURSE IT WAS HER FAULT!!  I'VE SEEN IT ALL."

"What you saw was only a minor portion of the true picture."  Nagi paused in her 
tirade, suddenly curious about what Tsunami was saying.  "What I am offering you 
is a chance to see the true culprit in the tragedy which had befallen you."

"But how." Nagi sputtered, now unsure of herself.

"Please," Tsunami asked, "open your mind to what I have to show you.  There is 
no deception involved.  All that I can show you is the truth."  She then drifted 
towards the bounty hunter, extending a hand to her.

"Tsunami?" Ryoko asked suddenly.

"Yes?"

"If you're going to show Nagi what happened," Ryoko paused, taking a deep breath 
before continuing, "then you might as well show the rest of us what happened."

"Are you certain, Ryoko?" Tsunami asked.

"Yes.  At least I owe the people who care about me the reason why all this came 
about.  Besides, you can do it better than I can."  Ryoko then looked at Tenchi, 
a heartfelt look in her eyes.  She also looked at Ayeka with the same look.  

Tsunami nodded and smiled, then she closed her eyes and the twin dots of the 
emblem of power on her forehead glowed brightly, but not as brightly as Tenchi's 
was earlier.  Soon, the surroundings of the group shimmered and shifted.  When 
it was over, all had saw the scene unfolding.

The setting was Kagato's chapel onboard the Soja.  The fiend was standing in the 
great hall, studying the giant holographic map on the floor.  It was of a planet 
that the ship was now orbiting.  Soon, Ryoko had appeared and knelt in front of 
her master.  "I'm here," she said, her voice showing a hint of boredom, "what is 
it that you want?"

"You certainly took your time getting here." Kagato said.  Then he indicated the 
map that was on the floor. "Anyway my dear, take a look at this world that I 
have projected over here."

Ryoko stood up and looked.  "Yeah, it's a world. So?"

"There is a certain artifact that I desire from the people of that world.  
Unforturatly, those same people refuse to surrender that artifact to me."  

Ryoko studied Kagato for a brief time and then answered, "So what do you want me 
to do?  Sneak in there and snatch it?  Shouldn't be hard."

"Oh nothing of the sort, Ryoko." Kagato replied.  "I want you to go down there 
and destroy those ingrates for me."

"What?" Ryoko gasped, her golden eyes going wide with disbelief.

"Do I really need to repeat myself." Kagato annoyingly said.  "I want you to go 
down and level their cities, towns, farms, in short, render that dust mote of a 
world utterly useless."  

The others watching this tableau unfolding in their minds then saw the look of 
horror on Ryoko's face as Kagato spoke this.  They saw her look at the tactical 
assesment on the planet.  It had adequete defenses, but they were no match for 
Ryoko. at least this one, who obviously had all three of her gems with her.  She 
then looked at Kagato and said, "I won't do it."

Kagato then gave the past Ryoko a look of distain, red pupils surounded by 
jaundiced whites and said, "Really, do we have to go through this every time I 
ask you to do a simple task."

"A simple task!?!" the past Ryoko cried, "You're telling me to kill these 
people!!!  I won't do it, no matter how bad you punish me!!"

"Ryoko," the fiend said, his voice showing his impatience, "either you go down 
there and destroy that planet or you will force me to do something that we will 
both regret."

"NO!" Ryoko said defiently, "I WON'T DO IT!!"

Kagato sighed as he cleaned his spectcles.  "You are really the obstanate one, 
are you Ryoko?"  Suddenly, the ruby colored gems on Ryoko's wrists and her 
throat glowed a bright green.  She closed her eyes and cried out in agony as she 
collaped to her knees and clutched her head in pain.  After a few seconds, she 
opened her eyes, the whites of her eyes now glowed the same green color.  The 
expression on her face was devoid of emotion, a look Tenchi remembered when 
Kagato attacked their home a year ago. 

Nagi felt her breath getting caught in her throat as she watched this.  'Is this 
possible?' she thought to herself.  'Was Ryoko not acting on her own volition 
when she attacked my home?'  She looked at the green glow of the gems and her 
eyes and remembered that same glow from when she attacked her home.  Nagi then 
looked at the holographic image on the floor and realized that the planet that 
Kagato wanted Ryoko to attack WAS her home.

"Now that we got that little bit of unpleasentness taken care of," Kagato said, 
replacing his spectcles, "go down there and destroy that world, would you, my 
dear?"

"Yes. Kagato." the past Ryoko said, her voice flat and emotionless.  She then 
disappeared from the chapel.  It was after she left that Kagato then started 
laughing.  At first starting as a small chuckle, it grew in a loud, maniacal 
laugh.  

Then suddenly, the scene changed to the planet's surface, where Ryoko was laying 
waste to the inhabitants below.  Ryoko was laughing too, but her facial 
expression had never changed from its blank stare.  Then all of a sudden, 
Kagato's laughter had intruded itself onto the scene.  His laughter was in 
perfect synchronization with Ryoko's.  

As Nagi and the others watched this in their minds, it became apparent that 
Ryoko's laughter was not her own, but Kagato's.  Nagi herself then looked upon 
the township that Ryoko was destroying.  Suddenly, she had recognized several 
buildings below and realized that the township was her old home.  Below, she saw 
the image of herself as a young girl, screaming at the scene while huddled close 
the the bodies of her parents.

'It can't be,' Nagi thought to herself, 'and yet, it is.  Kagato was destroying 
my home, using Ryoko as his tool.  She had only been a pawn in its destruction.  
But.'  Nagi found herself trying to rationalize her own role in this drama, 
wondering if there was any way Ryoko could have avoided this situation.

Finally, it was all over.  The planet's surface laid devastated underneath 
Ryoko.  It was at that point that the green glow in Ryoko's gems and eyes faded.  
A look of horror came over Ryoko's face.  Slowly, she had raised her trembling 
hands and stared at them with tear-flooded eyes.  Shutting her eyes quickly, 
Ryoko disappeared.

The scene shifted back to Kagato's chapel.  Ryoko had appeared there, then 
immedietly collaped to her knees crying.  Kagato looked over with a disgusted 
look on his face and growled, "Oh why must you be so emotional about all of 
this.  It wasn't that bad, was it?"

Ryoko wept for a few minutes before answering, "Well, what are you waiting for?  
Why don't you go down there and get your damned precious trinket?"

"That's okay, I've already got it, thank you." Kagato sighed, in which he 
produced a small, silvered object in his hand.  "Unfortunetly, it held no clue 
to what I was looking for."  He then crushed the artifact in a swift move and 
dropped it on the floor in front of Ryoko.

"What!?!" the past Ryoko said, staring at the crushed  artifact before her, "you 
already had that. that thing. even before you sent me down?"  Her voice was 
fairly quavering with rage.  "YOU TOOK OVER MY BODY AND DESTROYED THAT PLANET. 
FOR NOTHING!?!"

"Oh I wouldn't say that it was entirely for nothing." Kagato said matter-of-
factlike.  "It served mainly as an example to others that might be foolish to 
question my power.  And as for you, a little punishment for your willfullness.  
Maybe now you might do as I say without questioning me.  You are excused."  And 
with a wave of a hand, Kagato transported Ryoko to her holding cell.  Once 
there, Ryoko fell to her knees and screamed in anguish over the destruction of 
the planet.

The images faded.  Once again, the group found themselves on the floor of Titus 
Canyon.  It was very apparent that everyone was moved in someway to the visions 
Tsunami had presented.  Mihoshi was bawling uncontrolably, and even Kiyone 
couldn't hold back tears.  Ayeka looked haunted, and in a surprising turn, 
supportily embraced Ryoko, along with Tenchi and Washu.  

As for Ryoko, there were bright tears on her face as even Ryo-Ohki came and 
nuzzled her gently.  She looked over to Tsunami, who was still standing between 
her and Nagi and silently mouthed, "thank you."  The goddess nodded in 
acnowledgement.    

Nagi stood alone, her mind a mass of confusion as he tried to sort out the 
visions that she had saw.  Ryoko had destroyed her home, no doubt about it, but 
it was Kagato who was 'pulling the strings' so to speak. Ken-Ohki came over and 
yowled at her, trying to get his mistress' attention.

"What?" the bounty hunter said, not really paying attention.

"Now you see," Tsunami began, "that Ryoko was as much a victim as you were.  She 
was nothing more that a helpless marrionette, manipulated by a heartless fiend.  
What you do next is up to you."  Tsunami then glided towards Ryoko and the 
others.  "Is there something that you want to say to Nagi, Ryoko?" she asked.

Ryoko then looked over to Nagi.  She saw that the bounty hunter was debating in 
her mind about what to do next.  This fight might just start anew, or she might 
just walk away.  Ryoko knew in her own mind that this vendetta had gone too long 
without some sort of resolution.  It was time to offer one.

"Excuse me, everyone." the pirate finally said.

"Where are you going, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"I'm going to end this feud, Tenchi."

"You're not going to fight her again?" Ayeka said.  "After what she's seen."

"No, I'm not going to fight her.  Listen Tenchi, Ayeka, I want you to promise me 
that whatever happens next, you both don't interfere. Got it?"

"Okay, Ryoko." Tenchi said, suddenly uneasy.

"Yes.  I will do likewise." Ayeka answered, also equally uneasy.

With that, Ryoko walked away from the group and approached Nagi.  The bounty 
hunter saw this and got into a defensive stance.  However, the pirate stopped 
short and looked her straight in the eye.  "Listen, Nagi," she began, 
"everything Tsunami showed us was the truth.  I didn't want to destroy your 
world.  They wouldn've stood a chance.  But Kagato always had a way of 
'convincing' me to do otherwise.  Look, it's not like I've never killed anyone 
of my own free will while I was his slave, but if I did, it was in self-defense.  
What happened on your world happened on other worlds as well."  She glanced over 
towards Ayeka, "That includes Jurai as well.  If it was at all possible, I'd 
gladly give my life to bring back your parents, Nagi."  Tears once again 
appeared in Ryoko's eyes.  "Unforturnatlly, I can't.  But if my death is the 
only way I can give you comfort," she held out her hands, palms open, "then I'll 
let you kill me, right here, right now."

"RYOKO, NO!" Tenchi cried out.  He tried to lunge out to her, but was stopped by 
a gentle but firm look from Tsunami, who slowly shook her head, but said 
nothing.

"STAY BACK, TENCHI!" Ryoko said, not turning her gaze away from Nagi.  She then 
bowed her head and closed her eyes.  "My fate is in your hands, Nagi.  What will 
you do?"  

It seemed that time had stood still.  Hardly anyone moved during that time.  
Nagi simply looked at Ryoko, who was laying herself open for her to kill, and 
towards the sword in her hand.  This was a golden opportunity, to end herself of 
the nightmare that had plagued her for fiftteen hundred years.  But was it 
really right?  

Ryoko was sweating profusely, not a result of heat or fatigue, but of worry.  
She was hoping with this gesture, it might force Nagi to make a decision one way 
or the other.  But was it the right way?  'Oh god,' the cyan-haired beauty 
thought, her body trembling, 'what if I'm wrong about all this?  What if she --' 

>CLANK!<

Ryoko's eyes snapped open at the sound.  She lifted her head and gasped at the 
sight.  Nagi had dropped her sword on the ground.  Her blood-red eyes were 
brimming with tears, her face a mask of anguish.  "Ryoko," she finally spoke, 
her voice low and choked, as if she were sobbing, "I.I.I."  Before she could say 
anything, the bounty hunter had collaped to her knees, her hands over her face 
as, for the first time since that awful day over fifteen hundred years ago, she 
was crying.

"I can't do it!" she sobbed.  "How could I do it after all that I've seen!"  
Nagi wept alone for only a few minutes when she felt a pair of strong arms 
embracing her.  Looking up, she that Ryoko -- her sworn enemy for over a 
millenia -- was hugging her, tears also in her eyes.

"It's okay, Nagi." Ryoko said, looking at her, "I understand how you feel.  I've 
been living with that nightmare called Kagato for over five thousand years.  
I'll live with those deaths that he made me commit for the remainder of my 
years.  But at least I'll do that knowing that Kagato is dead.  Tenchi destroyed 
him, and freed me.  And now, he's freed you as well -- from the hate that 
poisoned you all this time." With that, the two resumed embracing each other, 
sharing the knowledge of shared pain and shared healing.

Almost everyone was silent watching this scene.  Mihoshi was sobbing loudly and 
leaning on Kiyone.  "Oh, this is so touching." she cried.

"Oh please." Kiyone moaned, her eyes rolled up in her head.

Ken-Ohhi walked over towards Ryo-Ohki.  The two cabbits then nuzzled each other, 
happy that their mistresses had ended their feud.

Tsunami smiled at the scene, fading away gradually.  Tenchi grinned, thankful 
that no one was killed in the process.  Ayeka sighed contentedly, glancing over 
at Washu, who had reverted to her child form.  "Well, I'm glad this is over." 
the scientist said.

"Me too." Ayeka replied, smiling in spite of herself.

"Yep.  That's for sure." another voice piped up.  Everyone turned in the 
direction of the voice.  There, standing next to Ayeka, was a familiar electric 
blue-haired child, smiling wide and happily.

"Sasami?" Ayeka gasped.  "But, how did you. oh, nevermind."  Ayeka then gave her 
sister a big hug and asked, "How are you feeling?  You look alright."

"I am, Ayeka." Sasami answered.  "Tsunami got me all better.  So, is Nagi going 
to stay with us?"

Everyone, including the two former enemies, then looked at each other.  Nagi 
spoke up, "Look, I don't want to impose on you.  And besides, I don't think want 
to settle down yet."

"Then why don't take a small vacation.  You know, just stay for a week, until 
you're feel up to.you know.going back to.doing what you do." Tenchi managed to 
get out.

Ryoko then spoke up, looking at Nagi, "And in the meantime, you and me can 
possibly get a chance to know each other better?  You know?  Girl stuff?"

"I guess." Nagi said.  "Besides, I think should get in a few appoligies, 
especially with Tenchi's family."

"Alright then," Tenchi said, "it's settled.  Nagi, why don't you stay for the 
week."

"I think I might." the bounty hunter.

"Don't worry, Nagi," Ryoko said, "you'll have a blast.  But just remember, 
Tenchi is mine, so back off from him."

"What do you mean 'Tenchi is 'YOURS?'" Ayeka answered threatenly.

"Just what I said, little princess, Tenchi is mine.  We were ment for each 
other, remember?" the pirate answered.

"Well I do remember that Lord Tenchi IS a member of Jurai royalty and he is 
destined to marry me," the princess snobbishly answered, "so there."

"OH GET OFF IT, AYEKA!!!!"

"MAKE ME, YOU OLD BAG!!"

"WHAT DID YOU CALL ME!?!"

By then, Mihoshi and Kiyone rush over to try to separate the two rivals, who are 
threatening to go at each other, as usual.  And as usual, Tenchi simply groaned 
and slumped his shoulder.

"Does THIS allways happen?" Nagi asked, walking over to Tenchi

"Unfortunatly, yes." Tenchi moaned.

"HEY," Ryoko yelled, "JUST WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO, NAGI!?!"

"YES, JUST WHAT ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT, YOU HARIDAN!?!" Ayeka screamed.  She and 
Ryoko nearly lept upon the bounty hunter, but were restrained by Mihoshi and 
Kiyone, who were joined by Washu and Sasami.  

Tenchi, Nagi, and the two cabbit just looked dumbly at what was going on.  "I 
better stay out of this one," she said, walking away from Tenchi, "I just made 
up with Ryoko, I don't want to start fighting her again over you."

Ken-Ohki looked at Ryo-Ohki.  "Chou?" he asked.

Ryo-Ohki bowed her head and answered, "Meow, meow-meow."

***

AUTHOR'S NOTES--Finally, I've gotten to the end of this.  I am right now 
suffering a major case of braincramps just cooking up this story.  And I still 
not finished with this one!  But more on that later in this rant.  

I have to admit that this was the most difficult story to write, but I thought 
that Nagi was too good of a character to leave out.  If may of you are familiar 
with the Nagi featured in 'Tenchi Universe', you'll note that she was after 
Ryoko simply for ecconomic reasons.  I thought that, since this is set in the 
OVA universe, I'd give a darker reason for Nagi's obsession.  Like most of my 
stories, I thought that I could do a better job.  Tell you what. if anyone has a 
yen to, you can go over this and my other stories, and if you got a suggestion 
to make it better, feel free to do a little proofreading.  Just don't claim them 
as your own.  I may not have them copywrited, but I keep copies.  Or if you feel 
like it, go ahead and MST this story.

As for future projects. I myself might venture into the world of MST's myself.  
I found a few stories (mostly lemons) that are overdue for some skewering.  I 
won't say which stories, but keep an eye on the TMFFA.  I might just offer an 
MST or two.  

As for this storyline.I will try to wrap up this series with Nagi's vacation at 
the Masaki home.  What happens is yet to be written, but I hope to settle the 
mystery of what happens to Baron Kazamone (you don't think I'm going to let him 
off so easy), and an apperence of the first ladies of Jurai. I think you know 
who.  So until then. LATER!!!!


9/11/01
FDNY-NYPD-THE REAL HEROES  
