Author’s Note: Most of the characters in the following story are
not mine and in no way do I claim them to be.  Nor do I claim that
I created the universe that the characters are placed in.  The
characters and the universe remain the property of Hitoshi Okuda,
Pioneer LDC, INC and Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO. 
Please do not sue.  This is a fanfic and is nothing more than a show
of my appreciation to the creators of Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

Chapter 12

Aeka and Ryoko found themselves in a room that was almost the
exact copy of the one Tenchi had found himself in.  They, just like
Tenchi, had become lost in the darkness and now they were in the
metallic room looking down the many maze-like corridors.

            “I thought you said you were holding onto Washuu’s hand
Aeka.”

            “I was Ryoko!”

            “Then how did we end up in here without them? 
Furthermore how are we going to get out?”

            “How should I know?”

            “You were supposed to be leading me!”

            “Shut up Ryoko!”

            Just as it appeared that Ryoko and Aeka were going to go
at it right then and there the two heard a sound.  It was the sound
of weeping.

            “What is that?”  Said Ryoko.

            “It sounds like a little boy crying.”  Replied Aeka.  “Lets
go see.”

            “Oh lead the way princess.”

            Aeka and Ryoko walked down the winding passages
following the sound until at last they came upon a small body
crouched against the wall weeping and rocking back and forth.

            “Little boy?”  Said Aeka as soothingly as possible. 
“What’s wrong?”

            The little boy looked up and wiped his eyes.  “You two
are what’s wrong.  Why are you here?  Why do you two have to
die?  I don’t want you to die!”

            Aeka blinked in shock.  “What?”

            The little boy did not answer but instead stood and took
off down the hall at a surprisingly fast pace.

             “Wait!  Where are you going?”  Aeka called and then
turned to Ryoko.  “Come on.  Lets go after him.”

            The two girls took off after the boy but soon found
themselves completely lost in the maze.  Finally Ryoko slumped
against the wall and began to complain.

            “Well this is great.  Where now?”

            “I don’t know.”  Said Aeka quickly.  “Wait a second. 
You hear that?”

            “Hear what?”

            “It sounds like singing.”

            Ryoko listened and nodded.  “Sure does, coming from that
direction, come on, we better check it out.”

            Aeka nodded in agreement and followed Ryoko down the
hall.  The sound got louder and it was clear that someone was
indeed singing a haunting song whose words were only notes of
meaningless tone.  When Ryoko and Aeka rounded the final
corner they saw who was making the sound.  She was unearthly
beautiful, with golden hair that sparkled like a star and blue eyes
that gleamed like tinted diamonds.  She was currently walking
wistfully in circles and singing to herself while she ran an incredibly
lovely hand through her hair.  After a moment she turned and took
notice of Aeka and Ryoko and smiled in a wonderful to look at yet
very unnerving manner.

            “Ah, hello.”  She said with an undeniably wicked glint in
her eye as she stepped closer to Aeka and Ryoko.  “My what two
lovely creatures you are.”

            “Who the hell are you?”  Ryoko asked in her usual polite
way.

            “I don’t think you need to know that right now pretty
one.”  Said the women in a singsong voice as she stepped even
closer.

            Ryoko was preparing her energy sword now; she did not
like how the conversation was turning out.  “Hey, I’m only gonna
say this once, stay back!”

            “Tisk tisk pretty one.  You should hold that tongue of
yours.”  The strange woman had now reached where Ryoko
stood.  “Such a lovely creature, such a form.”

            Ryoko was clearly uncomfortable with the strange
woman’s appreciation of her body but she felt Aeka’s hand on her
shoulder restraining her.

            “Don’t do anything stupid Ryoko.”

            “But Aeka,” Said Ryoko out of the corner of her mouth. 
“Have you heard how she’s talking to me?  It’s grossing me out! 
Eep!”

            Ryoko had made the final sound because the woman,
moving without a sound, had placed herself behind Ryoko and
now had both hands on her shoulders.  She was amazingly strong
and though Ryoko struggled she could not break free of the
vice-like hands that gripped her body.

            “Such a strong, firm body.”  Said the woman.  “You’ll
make someone happy one day.  Such a tender creature inside, I
can almost taste your heart.”  With that the woman bent close to
Ryoko’s neck and ran her tongue across the skin there.

            “Arrg!  That’s it, get the hell off me!”  Ryoko surged with
strength and wrenched herself away from the woman’s grasp and
in the same motion she brought her fist out and struck the woman
in the face with full force.  Ryoko’s fist shook from the impact and
she withdrew her hand in pain.  There was not a mark on the
woman’s face, indeed, her head had not even moved with the
punch.

            “Now that wasn’t very nice.”  Said the woman shaking her
head.  “Someone has to teach you some manners.”

            Ryoko looked at Aeka in shock.  “It was like hitting
titanium!”

            The woman smiled, glad that she had Ryoko and Aeka’s
full attention.  “So my kittens, is this how you greet someone? 
Well that makes me angry, very angry.”  She smiled in a way that
was almost cute.  “Oh I suppose I have to punish you now, but
how to do it?  Ah yes, you love someone don’t you?  Yes, there is
someone close to the both of you.”

            “What are you talking about?”  Aeka said fearfully.

            The woman giggled darkly; if such a thing were possible
but she pulled it off well.  “You came here with a boy, a misfortune
if something should happen to him.”

            “What have you done with Tenchi!”  Ryoko roared as she
flung her energy blade out and placed it under the woman’s chin.

            “Ah, hit a sensitive spot have I?”  Said the woman.  “Well
then, you better follow me, wouldn’t want poor… Tenchi was it? 
Wouldn’t want poor Tenchi to die.”

            With that the woman became a blur as she shot down the
hall.

            “She’s fast!”  Aeka shouted to Ryoko but Ryoko was
already after the woman and Aeka quickly followed.

            Aeka’s mind was racing as she followed Ryoko and
Ryoko was thinking the same thoughts.  Tenchi.  They had to save
him.

            Ryoko and Aeka rounded a corner and nearly smacked
into an invisible wall.

            “What is this?”  Aeka said desperately as she clawed at
the clear barrier that prevented further advancement.

            “Looks like a glass door, stand back and I’ll blow it.”

            Aeka did as instructed and Ryoko fired her energy attack
into the glass barrier.  The missile of energy careened off the glass
without making a scratch and was deflected backward nearly
missing Aeka and exploding far down the hall.

            “What is this door made of?”  Ryoko said in a dazed tone
as she touched the clear wall.

            It was then that Aeka caught sight of something down the
hall beyond the glass door and notified Ryoko.

            “Ryoko, look there, its Tenchi!”

            Ryoko looked and it was indeed Tenchi.  He was leaning
against the wall mere feet beyond the glass barrier and clutching his
arm.

            “What’s wrong with him?”  Said Aeka.  “Oh no!  He’s
hurt!”

            Tenchi was indeed injured and there was a crimson river
running from his arm and dripping onto the metallic floor.

            “Tenchi!”  Ryoko shouted as she banged against the glass
to no avail.

            Tenchi seemed to hear Ryoko’s pounding and looked up
and when he saw the two girls a smile of relief came upon his lips
and he started walking towards them.  It was then that Ryoko and
Aeka saw the mysterious woman down the other end of the hall
behind Tenchi, her sword out and at the ready and an evil smile on
her attractive face.  The woman seemed to stand as still as a statue
for a moment, looming behind Tenchi, and then she charged
forward.

            “No Tenchi look out!”  Aeka and Ryoko shouted in
unison.

            But it was too late; just as Tenchi reached out toward
Aeka and Ryoko the woman’s blade entered his back.  A look of
surprise came upon his features as his life left him and as he pitched
forward.  His hand impacted the glass wall and slowly slid down to
the floor leaving a red smear behind.

            Aeka was hysterical.  “No!  No!  Tenchi no!  No!”  She
touched the glass where his hand had just been and collapsed to
the floor.

            Ryoko’s fists clutched and then she screamed one loud
and long wail that seemed to pour her soul out into the air and then
she rammed her body into the glass trying to force her way to
Tenchi but failing every time.  Then at last her emotions weakened
her and she joined Aeka on the floor and the two stared helplessly
at Tenchi’s motionless form.

            The woman approached the glass wall, nearly stepping on
Tenchi, and looked condescendingly down upon Aeka and
Ryoko.  “So, is it painful?”

            Ryoko looked up at the woman.  “I’ll kill you.  I don’t
care if I have to destroy the universe but I’ll kill you!”

            “Tut tut my pretty.  Come now, you never thought you
could actually be with Tenchi anyway did you?  Come now,
people die all the time, that’s just one of life’s little pains.  Don’t
worry; the pain will fade soon enough.  Bye now.”

            The woman turned and disappeared down the hall and
Aeka and Ryoko huddled on the floor, their eyes closed in grief.

            Ryoko was the first to open her eyes and she found herself
looking directly into Tenchi’s eyes.  At first she thought she was
dreaming, that this was some vision of an angelic form, but then she
blinked and knew.

            “Tenchi!”  Ryoko could not restrain herself and fell
forward into Tenchi’s arms.  “Tenchi your alive!  But how, how
are you alive?  Was I dreaming?”

            Tenchi nodded.  “You too then.  Yes you were dreaming.”

            Ryoko looked around and found that Aeka was sitting
next to her with her eyes still closed.  Then she looked around the
room.  “Is this the same place we got separated in?”

            “Yes.”  Affirmed Tenchi.

            “Tenchi, what’s going on?”

            “I don’t know Ryoko.”

            Ryoko squeezed Tenchi closer.  “Oh but your alive!” 

            Tenchi allowed Ryoko to hug him and the two sat there in
the circular room and waited for Aeka to wake up and then there
would be another tearful reunion.