Yo, here I am again, Just saying I don't own any of the characters in this 
story.
If I did I would not be writing fan fiction I would be making the series.
PLEASE DON't SUE ME!!! I HAVE NO MONEY!!! Piers bot A: Yeah he has nothing!!
Piers bot B: Yeah that bum has nothing!!!" SHUT UP YOU STUPID BOTS!!
*Pulls out chainsaw.* Piers bots A and B: Yes SIR!
Anyway onto the story.
BTW This is best viewed in 1024x768 resolution.

No Need for Broken Hearts
Chapter 2 - The Crazy Princess

Where we last left off Ayeka was walking into Ryoko's room with a sharp 
knife.

*Ah, there Ryoko is. Time to kill that demon.* Ayeka thought coldly, walking
over to Ryoko's bed with the knife. Ayeka stabbed the pillow and covers 
quickly
and silently, without looking to see the blood. *Killed her.* Ayeka thought 
walking
back out. Ayeka was walking back to her room when she ran into Washu.
She looked panicked. "Ayeka, have you seen Ryoko???" Ayeka shifted nervously
"No, Miss Washu. Why do you ask?"
"Well, Ryoko is missing," Washu responded still nervous.
"She is?" Ayeka said angrily, although she hid most of it.
"Yes Ayeka. I've gotta go find her,bye!" Washu said quickly and ran off.
*Just when I thought I'd killed her. SHE'S GONE!!!!!!* Ayeka yelled in her 
mind
Ayeka went back to bed hoping Ryoko wouldn't come back.

                       :That night Ryoko's cave:

Ryoko was out at the cave for some of the night thinking about Tenchi and 
the events
of the day before. Did Tenchi like her? What would they do about the other 
girls?
What would Washu think? What would Noboyuki do? Nevermind that thought. Eeek
what a bad thought. He'd probably be outside Tenchi's window recording 
anything
that went on in his room. That hentai. Maybe the date would tell for sure. 
What
would Ryoko do if Tenchi didn't like her? Run away and never come back, 
probably.
But that moment last night would live on in her heart forever.

After all this thinking she decided to simply walk back to the house. On her 
way
back she ran into Washu. Washu was very worried about her.
"Ryoko, where have you been?"
"At the cave, Washu, why?"
"I was worried about you Ryoko."
"Worried about me?"
"Yes Ryoko, although you may not like to think so, I am your mother."
"Let's get back to the house, Ryoko"
"OK, Washu."
"Ryoko?"
"Yes?"
"Could you PLEASE call me MOM?"
Ryoko face-faulted and fell over. They got back to the house and both went 
back to bed.

			:Masaki home next morning:

Tenchi got up earlier than usual. He put on his normal clothes and went 
outside for some
fresh air and to think.Sasami woke up about 10 minutes ago.He walked by the 
kitchen and
said hi to Sasami as he went outside. Tenchi sat down by the lake to think. 
I really
like Ryoko, but I like everyone else too. I need some way to figure all this 
out. Maybe
taking everybody out on one date could tell who I like. That could end up 
too messy in
the end. But, it was the only way. Breakfast would be ready soon. He would 
announce this
idea then. The girls wanted him to decide and he would. Hopefuully this idea 
would work.
He got up and walked back to the house. Breakfast was still not ready. He 
went up to his
room and wrote down the names of the girls on a paper. He cut the pieces out 
and put them
in a small box in his room. Someone was walking to his room. Sasami knocked,
"Breakfast is ready, Tenchi."
"Thanks Sasami!" Tenchi yelled back.
He grabbed the box and went downstairs. He was first at the table. Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, Washu,
Kiyone, Ryoko, Noboyuki, and Katsuhito came to the table also. After 
breakfast Tenchi made
his announcement.
"Could I have everyone's attenion?" Tenchi stood up saying holding up his 
box.

Everyone's thoughts at the time:
*What could this be? Is he gonna ask me to marry him* Ryoko
*What is my boy doing? Has he chosen? Oh my dear wife up in heaven he has 
chosen!!* Noboyuki
*Hmm.. I guess Tenchi has chosen. I hope this doesn't interfere with his 
training.* Katsuhito
*He's gonna ask Ryoko to marry him. Oh Boy.* Ayeka
*Has Tenchi decided? Hopefully my sister.* Sasami
*I want more to eat. Oh what's that box in his hand?* Mihoshi
*Has he chosen? If he chooses me I might finally get away from Mihoshi and 
be with him.* Kiyone
*Hmmm... Tenchi's too indecisive to be asking someone to marry him. Perhaps 
it is some sort
of smoke bomb for a quick escape. I know the perfect gases for a very cloudy 
smoke.* Washu

"I know all of you have been waiting for me to choose. So I have devised a 
way to figure out
exactly who I like," Tenchi announced, "In this box I have the names of each 
girl on slips of
paper. I will draw names, and since today is Monday starting tommorrow, and 
for every night
following, I will go out with one of you depending on the order of the 
drawing."

Everyone was stunned by this announcement, but Noboyuki had read this before 
in one of his
"secret books." After everyone recovered from the shock Katsuhito and 
Noboyuki drew names.

The order:
Tuesday: Ayeka
Wednesday: Sasami
Thursday: Mihoshi
Friday: Kiyone
Saturday: Washu
Sunday: Ryoko

After all was said and done, Washu decided not to participate. Mihoshi did 
not
know what was going on anyway so she didn't participate either. Tenchi 
readjusted the
schedule, so that all the girl's had preparation time. It instead ran:

Thursday: Ayeka
Friday: Sasami
Saturday: Kiyone
Sunday: Ryoko

Ryoko ran off to start preparing. As did Kiyone and Ayeka. Ayeka was 
thrilled she was getting
a second chance. Kiyone was amazed Tenchi even considered her. Sasami 
prepared a spot and a
decided what kind of food to make for the "date." Sasami did not want Tenchi 
or anyone else
to take this "date" seriously. She just wanted to eat and talk alone with 
Tenchi. Ryoko
decided to go to the one person who could greatly increase her chances of 
winning Tenchi, Washu.

					:Washu's Lab that morning:


^knock, knock^

"Yes,come in," Washu said.
"Um, mom could you help me?" Ryoko asked
"You called me mom???" Washu gasped surprisingly
"What do you want?" Washu's mood changed from surprise to suspicion
"Why are you so suspicious, mom?"
"Because you only call me mom when you want something."
"Well I need some...  help."
"What do you need help with 'Little Ryoko'"
"Well I need to know what Tenchi likes doing and where to take him."
"Well I guess 'this' could help."
Washu made another holo-screen appear. It showed all the data Washu had 
collected on Tenchi.
It also showed that the cast had mind-reading powers.

"I saw your brain waves when you two were on the roof, so I decided to place 
a mind-reading
device in the cast. I have been recording the readings of his mind. He likes 
you already Ryoko,
but he still isn't sure about who he likes most. I, however, am not one of 
his favorites, so I
decided to stay out and help you 'Little Ryoko'. I knew you would come and 
ask for my help.
I have a camera following him right now."

"You knew I would come?" Ryoko asked dumbfounded
"Yes Ryoko, I knew you would come."
"Well can you help?"
"Yes I can. Let's get to work."

					:Meanwhile on the Yagami:

Kiyone was preparing a nice cruise through space and a nice dinner in the 
best restaurant in
the solar system on Europa. She had the reservation, she got the best table 
in the joint.
She was friends with the owner of the restaurant. She found the perfect 
black spaghetti strap dress
It was almost completely set up. She needed to get rid of Mihoshi. She 
considered many options,
until she was going through a Universal TV Guide Space Police Policeman 
Special Edition.
There was a Space Police Policeman marathon on Universal Cartoon Network. 
Kiyone told her about
this and bought her plenty of snacks. Mihoshi would be in her room all that 
night. Kiyone was all set.

					:The Forest:

Ayeka was walking through the forest, looking for that perfect spot. After 
about an hour of walking
she found the spot. It was on a hill overlooking the lake. The sun hit it at 
exactly the right spot.
She would set up a walk through the forest and make it to this hill where 
they would talk and eat.
She would wear her prettiest Jurain kimono.

					:Kitchen:

Sasami would knew exactly what to cook. She would wear her normal clothes. 
She would go to Ryu-Oh,
eat the lunch with Tenchi, and just have a nice day with Tenchi.

					:The Training Grounds:

Earlier Tenchi got the cast off, but Washu strangely asked to see his sword. 
While all the girls
were preparing for their dates, Tenchi had to train with Katsuhito. Tenchi 
went to grab his boken
from his room. He had a strange feeling that something was watching him. He 
walked outside and up
the shrine steps.

					:The Shrine:

"Hmmm... Yes interesting Miss Washu. I'll try it." Katsuhito said to Washu

Tenchi walked to the shrine. He knew that his grandfather would try a 
surprise attack. Tenchi looked
around to try and find his grandfather. Right then his grandfather jumped 
from behind him, pinned him
to the ground, and held his boken's blade edge to Tenchi's neck.

"Well Tenchi, I trapped you again." Katsuhito said smoothly.
"Yeah, like always." Tenchi managed to mumble out.

Katsuhito got off of Tenchi and they started to fight. Tenchi was losing 
pitifully to Katsuhito.
Katsuhito mentioned some of the girl's names and figures during the fight. 
On some of the descriptions
Tenchi fought harder, but on others he didn't fight as well. A few names had 
him distracted.
After their training Tenchi went back to his house.

"Thank you Katsuhito, this information will do wonderfully."

					:That night:

All the girls started preparations on their dates. Tenchi was getting ready 
also. He was going to have
a BIG week ahead of him.



This is Chapter 2 of my series No Need for Broken Hearts. It went 
differently than originally planned,
but it is still acceptable to me. I am still new to fanfics so please send 
ANY questions, comments, or
ideas to blackphoenix27@hotmail.com




