Author’s Note: Most of the characters in the following story are not mine and in no way
do I claim them to be.  Nor do I claim that I created the universe that the characters are
placed in.  The characters and the universe remain the property of Hitoshi Okuda, Pioneer
LDC, INC and Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO.  Please do not sue.  This is a fanfic
and is nothing more than a show of my appreciation to the creators of Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

Chapter 10

The three weeks passed with excruciating slowness for those aboard Ryo-Ohki.  There
was little talking and a sullen feeling permeated the vessel.  Washuu had closed herself up
in the bowels of the ship and had not been seen since she left Ryoko on the bridge of
Ryo-Ohki three weeks ago.  However, the scientist had been heard, she had remained in
contact with the others via an intercom, but that was a rarity and mostly all she said was
instruction on where Ryoko was to pilot Ryo-Ohki.  Tenchi was in the best mood out of
the bunch.  He had been the first to see the glimmer of hope, the first to say that yes much
had been lost but it could all be gained back when they found the Koi.  The unfortunate
thing was that was better said than done for space was a vary large area to search, but
Tenchi trusted in Washuu and if she acted like she knew where she was going then she
knew where she was going.  Now Tenchi was standing alone and looking out into space
trying to feel something from the cold blackness.  After a time, he knew not how long, he
felt a hand touch his shoulder.

"Tenchi?"

He turned and looked into Aeka's somber eyes.  "Yes?"

"Everything is going to be alright isn't it?"

"Sure it is.  We'll do what we have to do, don't you worry."

"Alright.  Why are you all alone?"

"I just needed some time to think."

"Oh."  Aeka fell silent and followed Tenchi's eyes out and into the stars that dotted the
black abyss outside.

It was after a moment of looking and thinking when Tenchi and Aeka were interrupted by
the appearance of one of Washuu's more practical inventions.  The robot, which
amounted to a floating veiwscreen, approached and the face of Washuu quickly appeared
on its smooth surface.  The scientist looked very tried and it was clear she had had little
sleep in the past three weeks.  She gazed at Tenchi and Aeka with eyes that were
shadowed and her voice was tired and detached.

"Tenchi."  She said and then paused as a yawn escaped her lips.  "Bring everyone to the
command area.  I'll meet you there."

Tenchi nodded and was concerned for Washuu as he had seen the look in her eyes. 
"What's happening?"

Washuu shook her head.  "I'll tell you when you get to the bridge."

With those words Washuu's face faded from the veiwscreen.  Tenchi let out a long breath
and felt Aeka's eyes upon him and then heard her strained voice.

"What should we do Lord Tenchi?"

"We go and get the others and do what Washuu says."

"Do you think she found the Koi?  Do you think we can make it so my parents don't-" She
fell silent and her faltering hand went to her lips.

Tenchi looked out into space and studied a far off star.  "We'll get through this, I can feel
it.  Everything will be fine."

Aeka nodded at Tenchi's words and after gazing at the stars with him she felt better and
soon the two where walking together to find the others and bring them to the bridge where
they hoped they would hear some good news.

Washuu was indeed on the bridge as she said she would be, however she was in a state
that was far from fully awake.  She was leaning upon Ryoko's chair and Ryoko was
standing next to her and looked to be making sure Washuu did not pass out and injure
herself.  When Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Nobuyuki entered Washuu
nodded weakly and Tenchi took in a deep breath and nodded in her direction.

"What's going on?"  He asked.

Washuu sighed and rubbed her eyes.  "I found the Koi."

"Well where is it!"  Aeka screamed suddenly in a fit of rage.  "Were is it!  We need to
destroy now before it- before it."  She looked around and saw the others looking at her
with concerned but understanding looks.  Her body began to shake but she held in further
emotions.  "Sorry, sorry.  Go on Washuu."

Washuu nodded and pointed to the viewing window that showed nothing but stars.  "The
Koi is a few light years in that direction.  Right in the center of the belt of Sojin."

Kiyone looked in the direction of Washuu's point.  "If its there why have we stopped?"

Tenchi nodded.  "Washuu, what aren’t you telling us?"

"Well."  Washuu sighed.  "The Koi is there but it’s surrounded by an energy field."

"What kind of field?"  Aeka said almost desperately.

"Lets just say that passing through it would be the same as plowing headlong into a black
hole."  Washuu saw the looks in the eyes of her friends and quickly went on though she
was clearly becoming more tried by the moment.  "However I have come up with a
solution.  I have configured Ryo-Ohki to withstand the gravity field however there is one
minor problem."

"And that is?"  Questioned Tenchi.

"We all have to be asleep."

Ryoko scratched her head.  "Um and why is that?"

"Well."  Washuu coughed into her hand.  "Being asleep passes a positive and negative
charge through the body that coincides with the physical and chemical properties of the
energy field that surrounds the Koi and so this allows those that are asleep to pass through
with relative ease as their energy pattern is more balanced then one who is awake.  This
being the case when someone is in the dream state they can move through such a flux
thereby-"

Mihoshi leaned on Kiyone and began to whine.  "I'm confused!"

Kiyone quickly pushed her partner away in an irritated fashion.  "So am I but lean on
someone else!"

"But- but.  I'm sorry!"

"Mihoshi, stop whining!"

Washuu raised her hand to her mouth.  "Ahem!"  Mihoshi and Kiyone fell silent and
Washuu nodded.  "Thank you.  Now I understand that what I am saying may not hold the
interest of everyone gathered so I shall say it simply.  If we aren’t asleep when we pass
through the field we'll all be smears on the floor."

"But all we have to do is go to sleep."  Said Aeka.  "That doesn’t sound like a problem."

Tenchi shook his head.  "Um, how are we all going to fall asleep at the same time and
steer Ryo-Ohki?"

Washuu smiled in a way only she could.  "Well the ship can be put on auto.  As for us
falling asleep I've modified the climate control systems to expel a mild sleeping gas and
then, after the set time has elapsed, to exude a different gas to wake us up."

Aeka seemed concerned.  "Um, are these gasses safe?"

Washuu coughed again.  "Well um, sure, my tests show they are, this will be the first time
I've tried it on humans but come on, its not like we have many choices here."

"She's right."  Said Tenchi.  "Its the only way."

"I appreciate your support Tenchi."  Said Washuu.  "Should we proceed?"

Inside of ten minutes all was ready.  Washuu was in her makeshift lab making final
adjustments to her machine while Ryoko set Ryo-Ohki on the final course Washuu had
indicated.  The others had gathered on the bridge as well and had made themselves as
comfortable as they could.  Now everything was set and Ryoko sat in her command chair
and waited with the others and soon Washuu appeared on the veiwscreen.

"Well?"  Said Ryoko kindly enough.

"I'm ready."  Said a solemn Washuu.  "Are you all ready?"

Ryoko nodded.  "Ready as we'll ever be."

"Good.  In that case I'm all set here."

Sasami looked up with a very worried expression on her young face.  “Washuu, is this
going to hurt?"

"No.  It won't hurt at all."

Sasami nodded and said nothing more but instead moved closer to her sister Aeka. 
Washuu looked around and saw that everyone was ready and then went on.

“Now I don’t know what is going happen when we pass through the field so lets just hope
we’re ready.  Alright then, here we go.”  With that Washuu typed a few keys on the
computer on her wrist and then sat on the floor.  “Alright now we should all fall asleep
really-“

Washuu slumped forward at that point and began snoring.

Nobuyuki shook his head.  “Wow, that stuff works fast.”

Tenchi sighed.  “I think Washuu was just tried da-“

With that Tenchi slipped into unconsciousness and he was followed just as quickly by the
others.  Ryo-Ohki moved onward and then a shuddering gripped the ship as it passed
through the field that surrounded the Koi.  The shuddering grew more and more violent
but those asleep on Ryo-Ohki did not stir and then, just as the shaking seemed to be close
to ripping the ship apart it subsided and all was quiet.  After a moment, it was not long for
Washuu had made perfect calculations; all those aboard Ryo-Ohki began to stir once
more.  Ryoko rubbed her head and groaned.

“Ow!  You never said I’d get a headache!”

Washuu sighed and smoothed out her shirt.  “Oh I forgot to mention it.  Besides, the pain
goes away quickly so stop complaining.”  Washuu suddenly leapt to her feet.  “Well
anyway, we should be paying attention to the outside right now.”

Everyone stood and joined Washuu in looking out at the stars.  They saw nothing.

“Um Washuu?”  Said Ryoko.  “Where is it?”

The scientist shook her head.  “I don’t know.  This is the center of the belt of Sojin, it
should be right in front of us.”

“I don’t like this.”  Said Aeka.  “Something’s not right.”

Ryo-Ohki began to shake suddenly and then it got so bad that those aboard had to hold
onto something to keep from falling.

“Washuu, what’s going on!”  Sasami screamed frightfully.

“We’re caught in some sort of gravity field!”  Washuu turned to Ryoko.  “Can you get us
out?”

Ryoko was already at the controls.  “Sorry but we’re not getting out of this one.  Its too
powerful!”

Washuu look up at the space outside and saw the stars shimmer as if it were underwater. 
“Well, at least we found it.  A cloaking device, and a good one at that.”

The space in front of Ryo-Ohki faded away and was replaced by a massive metal object
that obscured everything else from view, the Koi.

“Its huge!”  Tenchi gasped.

Washuu nodded.  “Yes, incredible, just like what I’ve read.”

Tenchi turned.  “Washuu?”

“Later Tenchi.  I’ll tell you everything later, right now lets stay alive.”  Washuu turned to
Ryoko.  “Turn off the engines.”

“Are you insane!”  Ryoko snapped.  “That things trying to pull us in!  It’ll kill us all!”

Washuu shook her head.  “No.  I don’t think it’s going to kill us.”

“And what makes you say that!”  Ryoko shouted.

“Because we’re still alive, that’s why.”  Washuu said simply.  “We should be dead by now
but for some reason its not attacking, now shut off the engines.”

“Washuu’s right Ryoko.”  Said Tenchi.

Ryoko nodded quickly and did as she was instructed and now Ryo-Ohki was pulled by a
power not its own.  After a moment Tenchi approached Washuu and spoke.

“So what are we stuck in?”

“Tractor beam,” Said Washuu. “It’s pulling us in of course, don’t know why yet.”

“Um, was there anyway to avoid the tractor beam.”

“There would have been had I known the Koi had one.”

Tenchi scratched his head.  “But it has everything else, why not a tractor beam?”

Washuu paused for a moment and then shrugged.  “Whops, guess even a super genius can
over look things.”

It seemed to take forever for Ryo-Ohki to reach the Koi and it just kept growing larger
and larger as they approached.  It was clear that Washuu had been right and for some
reason Ryo-Ohki was not going to be destroyed, at least not yet.  Now the Koi filled
what could be seen from Ryo-Ohki and then an opening could be seen in the side of the
vessel.

“See, look there.”  Said Washuu pointing.  “It’s bringing us in.”

Sasami shook her head.  “But why Washuu?”

“I don’t know, but we’re going to find out.”

Ryo-Ohki was drawn into the opening in the side of the Koi and those aboard where
shrouded in darkness.  After a moment they felt the floor shift underneath them and heard
a small hissing sound and then all was silent.

“Washuu,” Said Tenchi in the darkness.  “What’s going on?”

“No idea.”

“Aeka where are you?  I can’t see you!”

“I’m right here Sasami.  Do you think we could get some light Washuu?”

“Light?  Of course, just a sec.”

There was a small whirring noise as Washuu activated the lights.

“Well Washuu,” Said Tenchi.  “What now?”

“Well we seemed to have docked within the Koi, I say we get off Ryo-Ohki.”

Tenchi nodded.  “Alright then.  I’m going then, Washuu?”

“Oh yeah, I’m coming, wouldn’t miss this for the world.”

“I’m with you Tenchi.”  Said Aeka.

“Me too.”  Added Ryoko quickly.

Tenchi nodded and turned toward Kiyone and Mihoshi.  “Do you think you two could
stay aboard Ryo-Ohki and watch over dad and Sasami for me?”

Kiyone nodded.  “Sure thing.”

Sasami seemed as if she was about to protest being left behind but a stern yet
understanding look from Tenchi stopped her.

Soon Tenchi, Washuu, Ryoko, and Aeka had disembarked from Ryo-Ohki.  Once
outside they found themselves in a massive room in which Ryo-Ohki looked very small
indeed.  Metal was all around, crisscrossed with bulkheads and protruding pylons and
blisters and the area hummed with energy that could be felt deep within the body.

“Well, where do we go now?”  Said Tenchi looking around.

“I’ve got a fix on something interesting.”  Said Washuu.  “It’s a power that differs from the
others in the ship, it’s a lot stronger.  My guess is it’s the core of the ship.”

Ryoko nodded.  “So that sounds simple, we get to the core and blow it and then we go
home.”

Washuu shook her head.  “No.  Not simple.  First of all the Koi is a big ship and by big I
mean massive.  It might take weeks to walk all that way, unless we find lifts of some sort. 
In sort if we don’t find a quicker way we’ll never stop the future from happening.”

Tenchi remained optimistic.  “So lets start walking then and look for a quick way.  We’ll
find one.”

“Good Idea.”  Agreed Washuu.

The group started walked and Ryoko looked around as they exited the massive chamber
and entered a metallic hallway and spoke.

“You know, something’s bothering me.  How come the people on this ship didn’t blow us
out of space?  I mean they had the chance.  And why let us walk around like this? 
Where’s the crew?”

            Washuu smiled uneasily.  “You noticed too.  I have no idea but it is strange, but
lets not go looking from trouble, did you want them to shoot at us?”

            Ryoko fell silent.  After walking a distance in silence Tenchi turned to Washuu and
spoke.

“So what do you know about this ship, the Koi?”

“What do you mean?”  Said Washuu innocently.

“Come on Washuu, I know you’re not telling us something.”

“And you would be right.”  Said Washuu forcing a smile.  “Oh well, I suppose I should tell
you.  This ship, the Koi, I read about it in my academy days although I must say I never
expected it to be this powerful.  I did some background research on astral legends, you
know, tales told by space travelers that have had too much to drink and I thought that-“

“Perhaps some of the tales were real.”  Tenchi finished.

Washuu nodded.  “Yes and I must say this proves it.  Have you ever heard of the Eater of
Worlds?”  After hearing silence Washuu continued.  “Oh well, it’s an obscure legend
anyway.  The legend talks about a ship, a very old ship, that has the power to consume
anything it passes.  A ship so powerful that nothing could stand in its way.”

Aeka blinked.  “And you think this is that ship?”

Washuu nodded.  “What else could it be?  Here, let me run a quick scan.”

Washuu typed a few keys on her computer and her eyes widened.  After a moment of
reading she stood and shook her head.

“Well what is it?”  Ryoko said nervously though she seemed to by trying to hide it.

“This ship,” Washuu began.  “ At least the oldest sections of this ship are millions of years
old.  Not only that but I’m detecting pieces of this ship that contain metals not found in our
galaxy.  This leads me to one conclusion; this ship has traveled to more than one galaxy.”

“What else did you find out?”  Said Tenchi.

“Not much, there’s still heavy interference.”

            “Oh great.”  Said Ryoko.

            Now the four had walked into a circular room with cold metal doors lining the
walls.  The moment all had stepped into the room a door slammed shut behind them with a
loud bang that made them all jump.

 

            To be continued…


