Tenchi Muyo and related charecters are a trademark of
Pioneer all other charecters and the following situation
are mine I (unless i missed a story) and as such are
as much my property as i can legally claim to which is
next to none. SSOOOOO with out further ado my story.

        And as I stared in disbelief, as Tenchi lurched between
us in the dark rainy night.  Aeka knew as well as I did that
if this happened he wouldn't be able to choose and would end
up doing the unimaginable.  Rage hate and even dispair flare
through me I realize that He is going to die, not because he
can't stop it, not because he wants to, but because he loves
us both.  He wouldn't be able to tell us even if he survives
unless Washu can bring him back from the dead.  Not even the
greatest Scientist in the world can do that.
        And as Tenchi hurtles between us to keep us from dieing
the spark of lightning tares through him and he is shocked to
death in front of us.  Aeka stared in disbelief as well as I.
Standing in the rain of that cold August night we both watched
Tenchi give up something that we tried so hard to earn from
him.  His soul.  And as he fell to his knees we both ran to him.
His body fell limply to the ground.
        *                                          *
        Ryoko wakes up dazed and fearful. she sits up in her
bed sweating.  She is looking around tring to get her barings,
then says to herself in the dark,"Tenchi!"
        She teleports to his room and finds him sleeping soundly
and sighs fairly relived that the dream was not even close to real.
She hears a soft noise in the hall, she disappears and watches.
        *                                           *
        Aeka sits up quickly in bed she shakes her head as if
she just saw a ghost but tried to get it to disappear with the
motions.  She says to herself in the darkness,"Tenchi!"
        She quietly hurries to his room and silently opens the
door. she looks in and sees him sleeping quietly she sighs relieved.
She turns to close the door and sees a lock of cyan hair in one
of Tenchi's open closets she snorts to herself and closes the door.
        "So Miss Ryoko, Why are you looking in on Lord Tenchi
this late in the evening?", Aeka asked to the air quietly.
        "The same question may be asked to yourself Princess",
Ryoko said equally quiet as she appeared in the hall.
        "I have had a preminision in my sleep and felt that I
should check on all parties of the dream." Aeka said in an almost
rude tone.
        Ryoko stared in disbelief. She tilted her head and said,
"Did it have to do with you and me fighting over Tenchi?"
        Obviously taken of guard the princess only answered the
truth,"Yes."
        They stared at each other for a long moment and a wave of
fear passed through each of them.  Something had told them the future,
it couldn't have been a mistake.  Suddenly Ryoko glared,"Has
Washu fed you anything recently?  Because she made me take this
nasty stuff for her latest experiment and..."
        "No i don't believe so," Aeka cut her off though she realized
she was a little on edge in doing so.
        She smiled meekly to Ryoko stating wearily she
was going back to bed and asked Ryoko if she would talk to Washu
about the night and they would then consult on the matter.
        *                                               *
        The girls had just left the room and it was quiet.  Suddenly
Tenchi sat up in his bed.  He was obviously scared.  His heartrate
was through the roof.  He looked around and listened to the night
intently.  He heard the girls outside his room and chuckled a bit.
        "Well, that explains the dream real well," he sighed quietly
and layed back down.  He slowly fell back to sleep.  He still
remebered what had happened in the dream but it was to weird to
be true.  As he drifted off he whispered to himself, "just a dream."
        *                                               *
        I tossed and turned the rest of the night.  The thought
that Tenchi, of Jurian Royal blood, getting killed because of my hate
and arogance kept me from sleeping.  I stood and watched the night
fade away into day.  When Sasami woke I said goodmorning and looked
back out the window.  She said goodmoring changed her clothes
then went downstairs to cook breakfast for everyone.  I found myself
not hungry so I went out for a walk.
        *                                                *
        "Washu," I said knocking on her door,"Washu, the princess
and I have a small problem we need you to look at."
        "It's open I'm in the far back of the lab so if you really
need me come on back," was the reply.
        I walked in and floated around looking for Washu.  She was
sitting on her floating chair infront of her holoscreen computer
watching a particular set of masses and their formations.  She
turned as I landed. I told her what happened.  She looked at
me seriously for a moment, then said, "Well I can take some time
out of my schedule when it comes to any of my friends or my own
child."
        She turned around and pressed a few buttons on the holo-
screen and the masses reverted back to their normal selves.  Then
was off to another corner of the lab almost instanly.  Waving at
me to follow.  I went with her then left to tell Aeka the news.
        *                                                 *
        The gang was eating breakfast minus Aeka and Ryoko.
Tenchi looked at their vacant seats and asked,"where are the girls?"
        Sasami shrugged,"I don't know but if they don't get
back soon Ryo-Oki gets their carrots and they miss out on breakfast."
        "Ah-well", Tenchi sighed,"their probably off doing their
own things."  He stood up and shook his head shaking off a small almost
concerned daze he had almost stood up into.  He thanked Sasami
for the meal and went off to the carrot fields with a certain furry
critter tailing him with intensions that a cabbit always has.  Carrots.
        *                                               *
        Aeka was staring at the tree of Yosho and looking up into
the beautiful branches fully bloomed in Spring gave her that calmed
feeling that it was just a bad dream.  She walked towards the
house to see Ryoko waving to her from the roof.  After telling her
the story she disappeared.  Aeka smiled, the world was just
scaring her, Washu's expert opinion, and as she looked into the sky
the world seemed oddly too peaceful to be evil. She merely went in
to help with the chores as she did with her sister to help out.
        *                                                 *
        Fall was finally approaching.  After all that summer the
dream had slipped everyones mind... aside from the person who
lost the most in the dream.  The world was still just like it was.
Everyone was feeling fine.  Tenchi was finding it a tad difficult
to hide even a few carrots from Rio-Oki.  Sasami was still being
as cute and helpful as ever.  Mihoshi and Kyione were back from their
latest assignment for a few months vacation (while the bean counters
at the Galaxy Police tallied Mihoshi's bill for the whole excursion
which inciedntly killed 3 bean counters and a paper boy in a crush of
numbers).  Aeka and Ryoko had resumed their control fight over
Tenchi and Washu was in her lab.  She'd been in there since early
spring working on some massivly seceret device she was working on.
Not even leaving for her own good of food and sleep which she did
in her own lab thanks to her computer.
        *                                         *
        I woke up that morning a with a funny feeling that something
was going to happen.  Tenchi was my cure.  I know it sounded silly
but that is what it felt like.  I had to make Tenchi realize that I
was the one for him.  I took the morning to make sure he would notice
me but I was to little to late and seeing him walking toward the
fields I knew i had to do some other things to prepare.  He would be
back earlier today because there was little left to harvest this year.
So I would have to think fast. I assumed that Ryoko was off doing
whatever it is that she did every day when she disappeared.  I went to
the front of the gate by the front of the Masaki property to tell
Tenchi what I knew was the only thing I could tell him.  He needed to
know that he was my only thought during the day.  The only thing in my
dreams was his beautiful face staring into mine knowing exacly why I
had kept my feelings quiet for this length of time.  But what if he
didn't return my feelings? What if he was for one of the other girls,
even Ryoko?  NO.  That is no way to think.  He will be mine.
        *                                            *
        Waking up I had a small tinch in the back of my mind.  It
wasn't an odd feeling just a lot stronger than before, and something
else. The thought that Tenchi was the only man for me.  I looked
around for the most annoyingly beautiful outfit I could find.  The
things I did for my Tenchi.  I pulled it out and quickly got it on.
I checked in on Tenchi to find I was just a little to late.  Oh well
Washu was being quiet in her lab which normally meant she had an
experiment she wanted to run soon.  So I just layed low and would
wait for him to come home. Waiting seven hundred years for this man
what's another hour so I don't get my brain fried out in a dumb
experiment. That was the last thought on my mind however.   Tenchi
was out there and something else that was evil incarnate.  Something
that would even make me wonder if I could survive.  I knew that if
Tenchi and I fought together, and were together, We could win and
then... The HoneyMoon.  I got some final preperations for myself then
went out to make the man of my dreams see I was ready for him and I
wouldn't back down.  But what about the unspeakable...Aeka and Tenchi.
NO.  That is no way to think.  He will be mine.
        *                                            *
        Tenchi was coming back and looked down the road to see
Rio-Oki rushing after him obiviously after carrots, and Ryoko and
Aeka standing in "tactical" places to get to him first. In the
background, another beautiful day was coming to a close.
        "Hi Rio-Oki!" Tenchi said pulling a carrot off of the stack
to give to her while he walked towards the Masaki residence,"Good
evening ladies!" he yelled to them as Rio-Oki took the carrot and
hoped into his arms chomping it happily.
        They realized each others presence then in an annoyed state
they both revealed themselves and walked towards Tenchi saying
"Hi!" in a faked happy tone in an almost perfect unision.
        The three of them walked back arm in arm in arm or something
to the extent. Rio-Oki had finished his carrot and quietly stole
another then ran off to get to a safe spot to eat it peacfully.
Tenchi put the carrots down and walked with the girls into the house
when one of them started something right behind his back.  Poor Tenchi,
Stuck in a minefield and not even able to jump over the mines.  And
as the girls exploded at each other and started a Tug-o-Tenchi,
clouds started slowly wallowing into view from the horizon.  Noone
paid much notice to it.
        *                                             *
        It was getting darker and I saw the clouds coming in.
The weather man said it was supposed to be coming down pretty bad
later tonight.  So everyone should stay inside or be very careful if
they had to go out into the cold northern coming rains. I was going
to tell Aeka when she came in but even though a teapot was steaming
loudly in my ear and a pot was coming to a boil I heard the two of
them at it again, so I decided it could wait.  I finished making
lunch and asked Myhoshi if she would get everyone.
        At the table Aeka and Ryoko were fighting as usual over
Tenchi.  It seemed odd to see Aeka and Ryoko fighting over Tenchi
today.  Not because rain was blaring down and not because of the
extravagance of the dresses and hair styles they used to try and get
Tenhi's attention.  No it was something odd and almost scary.
The thought was shruged away and lunch went on fairly well aside
from the bickering.
        *                                             *
        Tenchi decided that after lunch he would take Ryoko and Aeka
out on a nice little walk because they were on edge and women scorned
in a house leads to house repairs.  Horrible lessons learned through
experience, Tenchi thought snickering to himself.
        He asked if they would like to go out and they surpisingly
both said allright and even though they new full good and well the
other was coming.  That didn't seem to mind.  Ah well that would get
two birds with one stone or so the phrase goes.  Anyway Tenchi was
meaning to talk to them about whatever.  So they went off into the
forest for a nice walk though nagging suspisions in everyone's mind
thought the whole thing was rotten.
        *                                             *
        It was this day that the being decided to come out of it's
coccoon.  The good doctor who made it was just a bit in shambles and
Washu had set him in his happy cell in the Inter-Stelar NUT House.
The being had one purpose, destruction, and nothing was going to stop
it. Not the Demon of a woman who imprisoned its creator, not the
experiment she had made, not even the Light Hawk Wings would stop it.
It rose out of it's coccoon and heard the footsteps of his first
victims.  An annoying looking little boy and 2 ladies.  One of them
was the creation, the others, who knew.  It did not matter.  They
would die and so would the Demon, Washu.
        *                                             *
        Alrams blared in the lab.  Washu looked up quickly to her
viewscreen that had everyone of the others in check.  Incase they
couldn't get themselves out of it.  It seemed that Tenchi, Ryoko,
and Aeka were going to get stuck in the storm.  Oh well, but the
alarm never blared without something they couldn't stop through
a multiplex of calculations.  Ryoko, Tenchi, and Aeka could stop
anything from a parasite to even some unimaginable Anime charecters
from some silly show called DB something or other.(You DBZ fans keep
reading jeez.)  Anyway, whatever it was it was big.  The visual
perception of the being made Washu flip. The one and only thing
ever designed that she had thought couldn't be made.  Incorparating
all aspects of martial arts, fighting styles, Magical and Mythical
talents alike.  All roled into Red's machine.
        Red.  Wow that name was a long time since even heard of.
The craziest scientist in the galaxy.  Maybe he was smarter at one
point than Washu, but long ago he went nuts.  All that red hair crushed
his skull was the joke. Washu didn't really like it because of her
beautiful red locks of hair that rounded her scalp like a crown.  Now
was no time to joke and with Red's Evil Destructo' Machine o' Doom,
full of evil powers, horribly stupid jokes, and a disgustingly
stupid name, someone was in deep cabbit dung.
        Running to the door, her latest experiment in hand, she ran as
fast as her legs could pump.  She ran through the door and told the
girls to follow her, Tenchi and the others were in massive trouble.
        *                                               *
        The girls were kind of quiet not even bickering.  They were
a few miles from the Masaki Home.  Well Tenchi knew they would get
stuck in the rain but he didin't mind, water didn't hurt anyone.  That
was when all heck broke loose.  They both stood infront of
Tenchi and in unison declared their love for him. Out loud.  Infront
of the other.  While a massive sweat drop appeared on Tenchi's brow,
the girls turned to each other and began fighting for what was almost
definetly the final time.  They wouldn't stop no matter what happened.
        *                                               *
        This was the time to attack. The ladies were fighting and
it could easily attack them both.  Kill of both was almost gauranteed.
He lunged out in what could only be described as Lightning.
        Tenchi caught sight of it and instentaneously lunged to save
them.  He withdrew the Tenchi-Ken and attacked the robot.  It was
knocked off balance and others came.  Washu saw she was to late to
destroy the robot.  She pulled a small thing out of her pouched and
prayed as she threw it.  It landed right on the square of Tenchi's
neck.
        *                                           *
        He felt something hit his back but now was not the time to
think about one's surroundings if it wasn't going to help them. He
parried and dodged the thing's attacks.  Washu screamed something but
the rain was falling hard and no one could really be heard.  Ryoko
and Aeka hadn't seen the fight but as Tenchi screamed in pain they
turned to see Tenchi getting chopped in half by the things blade.
        Time froze for a moment.  The girls watched as the lightning
quick being slashed him in half and as time resumed he fell to his
knees.  They both ran to him wishing they hadn't been so niave to
let this thing get to the one they had loved.  Everyone grieved for
a moment then just as quickly all of them stood in attack stances
pulled out weapons or beam sabors, and waited for the things attack.
        Rio-Oki was standing by Tenchi in utter horror.  She layed by
the corpses left half and wept.  Rio-Oki, who had been reborn in
Tenchi's home with all the carrots she could eat, was heart broken to
see the hero die in such vain circumstances.
        The girls attacked all at once sending the thing back to think
of the greatest stratagy.  They all jumped away from it's attacks and
surrounded it.  The monster, who had been between Ryoko and the corpse,
saw Ryoko stare past him in disbelief then fall backwards and faint.
Everyone turned to see...Two Tenchi's! They stood up and were standing
shoulder to shoulder with Rio-Oki on either one.  They both held a
Tenchi-Ken and simultaneously made their Jurian armor appear.  The
Tenchi-Ken's lighted simultaneously and Rio-Oki jumped off to go to
Ryoko.
        *                                             *
        All of the girls fainted aside from Washu who grinned a evil
scientist grin and said," So Evil-Destructo-Yadayada Machiney thing.
did your creator make you powerful enough to stop Two Tenchi's, a
Ryoko, a princess of Jurai and a Greatest Genius in the Universe
simultaneously?"
        The response from the thing seemed to be as corny as the
 fields in the deep Nebraska ,"Only if today is Tuesday," It also
made zero sense.
        "So he gave you his brain did he?", Washu laughed, "You
might as well turn yourself off."
        "I doubt your little toys are any match for my buffness,"
Though it had no buffness for the "toys" to match.
        The battle started.  The thing attacked and both Tenchi's
set up a dual defensive stance.  They fought with the thing heavily.
It shot a beam at one Tenchi knocking him off his feet and into a
tree base.  The other Tenchi sliced the things arm off and Washu kept
it from sending a missle from his arm into Tenchi.  He thanked the
lords above that it hadn't hit though just at that time his Tenchi-Ken
was shot from his hand with a grapling hook.  It pulled the sword to
it.  It wasn't ignited so it threw it far from the field of battle.
It sent an all out assault at him and he was thrown to the ground and
slid along the path.  Aeka and Ryoko saw a Tenchi fly past them as
their eyes fluttered open.  Ryoko stood up first and made her beam
sabor materialize.  She flew at it and sent the sabor into it's gut.
Aeka got up and seeing Tenchi with a burn mark on his suit, she stood
up and lunged at it.  She ripped it's head right of it's shoulders
with surpising speed, strength and cleaniness.
        The thing fell to the ground and as Washu put the thing in a
recycle bin both girls went to a Tenchi.  They seemed to not notice
the other Tenchi but all the other girls had.  They awoke and saw
Aeka standing over Tenchi and Ryoko standing over Tenchi.
        Everyone stood over the thing in the recycle bin forgeting
that for a moment that Tenchi had been multiplied.  Tenchi was
holding Ryoko close, while he was holding Aeka close.  Washu walked
home with the bucket.  Not noticing the rain because of her
forcefield, everyone else did start to notice the cold rain as they
followed the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe.  Washu
disappeared into her lab and everyone followed her still dripping
wet.
        "I suppose you would like to know why Tenchi is well,
in double vision.  The answer is simple..."  She went on about how
her regeneration potion that looked like gack.  She threw the
recycle bin down a shute "with do not look down here" on it and
said,"Got it?"
        Of course not but they went along with it.  "The only problem
is that I lost the file to it's making when my power generator
died on me from over use.  Last time I go to a NASA expo to get parts.
Anyway I had to use all i had to make sure Tenchi would regenerate."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

        Tenchi and Aeka got married, eventually ruled Jurai together
and had a son.  Tenchi and Ryoko got married went off on the HoneyMoon
then toured the entire galaxy together and also had a son after a
short time.
        Both Tenchi's eventually died hand in hand with their loving
wives.  And that is the story I tell you today. I am Aaron,
Tenchi's decendent, and was told the story by my father, who heard
the story from his father. And now you, Young Children of a Legend,
have learned the story and will tell it to your children.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
-For all you DBZ lovers-Sorry I had to think of something big
to relate the 3 peoples combined abilities to, and that was all I
could think of.
-Anyone who found someone out of character could tell me. I thought
I was keeping in characters but if not sorry extremely.