***This Fanfic is written without the permission of both Pioneer and AIC but I'm not selling it so please do not sue me. Actually what you can do Pioneer and AIC is reopen sales of Tenchi in the UK (you know how much it costs to get the stuff from America!!!!!!!) PLEASE!!!!***

"Nice dark room" Gary thought to himself as he felt around for an exit as somehow he was without his Dim-e. Feeling a big set of doors in front and behind (both were locked) he moved to the middle and sat. Oustside he could hear the bustle and hustle of a crowd, a big crowd, then a foreign voice blabbed some words over a tanoi, the crowd cheered.

Then out of nowhere a hidden side door was opened and Gary was shoved a sliver dagger and his Dim-e.
"Port out and you die" a man whispered in broken english into his ear. He nodded still wondering what was happening.
The doors in front opened and he was pushed out into a small, Roman style ampitheater. The difference was there was a massive screen up in the corner showing stats of the two fighters. 

"Oh look its me" he smiled as his saw his picture come up along with some unreadable writing. He looked at himself now he was in light. He was in his body suit for black ops. Another picture came up which made gary freeze in horror as he blinked and swept his gaze to the other end. His opponent, holding a dagger was Aieka, up in her War costume and face paint. Just as shocked as he was.

Then the person supposedly the referee waved to the two, starting the match. Gary was hesitant at first, knowing that what Ryoko could do physically, Aieka could do with the same amount of stregnth with the brick wall at light speed hitting power of her Sheild. Aieka though only had one blade while Gary could call up another via his Dim-e.

Aieka was on the move as she zoomed up to him, not right up to him but close enough for striking range. Gary not wanting to kill the woman she loved made his move, slashing his blade downwards to her sword arm as she swept in, hoping to cut and disable and therefore put her towards a possible submission. But Aieka ducked down and sideswept at Gary's feet. Gary caught off gaurd fell on the ground, pain in his legs as she had applied her force field to her feet for maximum effect, his shins would'nt recover from that for a while.

Gary rolled, dodging the stabs of Aieka's blade, not really wanting to die at that moment in time he flipped himself up and jumped away. Aieka then came right at him at high speed, the yellow tint of her field showing as she tried to disable him with a body spear. Dodging with his reflexes from his training he sidestepped and grabbed onto her midsection, whirling her stomach round and into his waiting knee. Aieka gasped then groaned feebly. He dropped her to the ground and backed off waiting for her to get up.

She did, after checking herself off she nodded, "all square" she muttered as she moved in quick now, engaging in blade to blade combat. Gary under serious pressure to match each move that she made, then he made his mistake by using both hands to block a low stab, leaving Aieka that split second window to choose which part of his body to punish for the mistake. She chose the face, the blow pushing him back several steps, Aieka continued with a high kick which was countered by Gary only to have Aieka's other leg kick out Gary's already sore feet from under him, his head hitting the floor first.

Aieka jumped on top of his back, ready to dive the blade into his skull, he could feel the whish of the air as the blade came down on his head. He closed his eyes and said "I forgive you Aieka".

Gary woke up.

He was in a sweat, still on the desert island, it was night and him and Aieka had decided to stay out on the beach rather than go home. Everyone had been really happy that he had survived but then insisted that he pay the cost for the funeral. But those thoughts were for later, the fact of the matter right now was..."what the hell was that dream?" he said out loud.

"What was that Gary?" said Aieka as she woke next to him, in a seperate sleeping bag because they wern't of course a couple of 'those' morals.
"Nothing I just a really freaky dream thats all go to sleep" he smiled as he wiped the sweat away.
"I'm not really tired at all" she said leaning up.
"Aieka apart from your mainstream powers, what other fighting skills were you trained in?"
"Well I was trained in Jurain close combat arts, very limited sword fighting skills if I ever used a Light sword and unarmed combat"
"What kind of close combat skills?" 
"Well with a variety of hand to hand weapons, poles, pikes, normal blades and one which I am proud of, the use of the dagger" Aieka said as if detailing what she did at the local Women's Institute.
"Wow sadly, poles and pikes were out of fashion when I trained" he smiled weakly "Only really small blades and knives for me, I was taught several different stlyes of swordplay taken from around Earth, fencing was one of them" said.
"Something wrong?" said Aieka, noticing Gary's weak face.
"No it was dream, you know one of those ones that have you thinking all the" he stopped as his watch beeped.
"What?" asked Aieka as he stared at the watch "what?" she was definatly puzzled now.
"My god!" he gasped "I'm missing the Footy!" he said leaping out of his bag and pulling on his clothes "I'll keep the door open for us later eh?" he smiled as he hopped over to Aieka and kissed her on the forehead as he was getting his jeans on and dashing out through the door.
Aieka frowned "I think the greatest danger to a relationship is not another woman, its his football club".

*********************

Gary burst out of the kitchen with a can of Guinness that he had imported in, wearing the shirt of his favourite team, Arsenal (of course) and a pack of Pringles out of a big box that he brought with him to see the shrine that was the widescreen tv. Sadly though the vision of perfection was shattered by a group of tittering girls.

"Oh Ben hes so dreamy, with that fake English accent" sighed Mihoshi.
"Mihoshi how did you figure that out?" sniggered Ryoko "You don't even know your own accent!"
"Shhhh" said Washu "Hes proposing to Meg".
"Ahhh thats so sweet" smiled Sassami as she watched with Ryo-ohki on her head.

Enter Gary stage left.
"Oi!" he said "I reserved this place for the match, the F.A cup semi finals are more important than some sodding crappy episode of Sunset Beach!"
"But its getting to end, Bens proposing" pleaded Sassami.
"Well he's gonna have to propose later, I've got to watch the half hour of pre match stats and interviews!" grumbled Gary.
"Look why we put a tape in a record the match for you to watch" said Ryoko.
"No! I had this plac.." cut off.
"Gary!" said Aieka as she walked through the door "You listen to me, you'll let me and the girls watch..Ben proposing!!!!" she jumped in front of the TV "why didn't you tell me!"
"You were with the eligable batchelor over there" said Ryoko.
Gary sighed in defeat and crawled back into the kitchen as soon as he had walked in though a cry came from the living room "its finnished!" with that Gary fell on the floor with exasperation.

"Ahh no no no!" said Gary as he swigged some of his Guinness and ate some Pringles "Close him down Adams Close him!" he muffled as he munched. Tenchi walked past as Gary was watching the match.
"What you watching?" Tenchi asked.
"Watching the match, Arsenal vs Newcastle!" he grinned as he unhooked another can of Guinness from the 6-pack "here have one and sit down!" he smiled.
"Oh I should'nt really" Tenchi said nervously.
"Come on its entertainment and you wont get ya head kicked in like you would after a real life football match so sit down!"
Tenchi sat down and took a Guinness and watched the game.

Minutes later.

"Penalty!" shouted Tenchi "He went right in there!"
"Hard tackle and they gotta pay for it, the refs walking up, Yellow card!!!" gasped a disgusted Gary.
"Ya need glasses referee!" Tenchi said gulping down some Sake as well as Guinness.
"Hey whats all the noise about?" said Nobiyuki as he walked down the stairs.
"F.A cup Semi-Final" Gaz said while staring at the TV "Arsenal vs Newcastle here have this and join us" he said throwing a can of Guinness behind him, Nobiyuki catchthing it just.
"Sure haven't got anything else to do" Nobiyuki shrugged.

Minutes (and several near misses) later.

"Petit runs forward" said Gary.
"He crosses it forward to Bergkamp" continued Tenchi.
"Who goes for run straight through the center" added Nobiyuki, glued to the tv.
"He goes to shoot!" said a very excited Yosho.
"Yessss!" The 4 shouted jumping into the air. Gary and co rushed around the place in jubilation kinda putting the frightners on Ryo-ohki as she wandered through the house.
Eventually they reconveined at the TV singing a rousing (and very loud and drunk) chourus of "You're not singing anymore!", "Who ate all the pies" and "Newcastle are going down".
Aieka walking down the stairs to see what was happening. she was shocked to see 4 grown men dancing around with cans of beer and bottles of sake on their heads doing a conga line.

"Gary!" she shouted as the whole line froze.
"Look at this place!" she said as she walked through the living room "And how dare you get everyone drunk!"
"Erm hold this for a second Tenchi" he said shoving the last can of the six pack into Tenchi's arms then pointing at him saying "he did it!".
"Don't try to get out of it Gary, and you" she said pointing to Tenchi, Nobiyuki and Yosho "Should be ashamed of yourselves letting yourselves get so readily drunk like that"
"We're sorry ms.Aieka" they all said heads bowed.
"Now clear up this mess and go to bed, its half past one in the morning!"
"yes ma'aam" they all said.

Aieka went up to bed and waited for Gary to arrive. Half an hour passed an still no Gary. "Where is he?" she thought as she got out of bed and walked back down stairs.
"I'll see Washu to find out whats happenend to him" she said as she opened the door to find Washu and Gary again swigging Guinness and watching the match on the big screen.

"Gary!" she shriked.

******************

"Elementary my dear Watson" he said as he read the book held above him, unable to move as he was taped, tied, locked and stapled into his sleeping bag "Erm Aieka these bonds do chafe slightly, rekon you could let me out so I could go downstairs and.."
"NO!" glared Aieka.
"you mad at me?"
"Whatever gave you that idea" grumbled Aieka to herself "Gary your obsession with Football has to.." she sighed.
Too late, the effects of Alcolhol had taken Gary into the land of nod and he was sleeping like a baby.
"Oh well he looks cute when alseep" she smiled to herself as she walked out of Gary's bedroom to join Sassami.


Sassami was sleeping happlily like she usually did, the Japanese wing of the Arsenal Supporters club downstairs did nothing to disturb her from her slumber. Suddenly, she started to dissapear, though she was alseep to notice it. She fully vanished just as Aieka opened the door. Seeing she wasn't in her bed, she must've had a bad dream and slept with Tenchi she thought as she cosied up in her bed.

Meanwhile in the other room, Gary tied up snored peacefully, probably thinking of Rugby or something or home. He started to dissapear as well, though it took twice as long than it did Sassami he dissapeared as well.

*****************

The next morning brought the male element of the Misaki household out very late and typically sick with headaches. Everyone except Gary. Aieka moved down the stairs.

"Tenchi did Sassami sleep in your room last night" Aieka asked Tenchi as she came into the Kitchen.
"No she didn't" he said hand rubbing his head "man how much alcohol was in that Guinness?"
"Enough to make yourself a fool in front of the girls, really trying to cover Mihoshi's face in shaving cream then putting a mirror in front of her face" said Aieka with crossed arms.
"No that was me" Nobiyuki said putting his hand up.
"And me" Ryoko said, looking outside as she eat breakfast.
"Well anyway that wasn't the best thing to do as she tried to report her self to the town pound as a stray with Rabies!" frowned Aieka.
"How was I to know she'd take it so seriously" Ryoko grinned evily.

Aieka looked around "Where's Sassami?".
"Haven't seen her around" said Ryoko. Everyone was in aggreement "What about Gary"
"Oh he's tied up in.." she froze at her words and rushed back upstairs.

"Oh Gary! I'm so...huh?" she blinked as she saw Gary's Sleeping bag, still full as if it was filled with a human body.

Meanwhile speaking of Gary, he was waking up, his vision hazy and hearing a little girl's voice screaching in his ear.
"Uh bugger off dammit, I'll get your ball tomorrow" he mumbled as he snored.
"Gary wake up! we're trapped!" screamed Sassami into his ear.
"What!" he said waking up and trying to move but realising that he was still in his sleeping bag, still with all the rope, sticky tape, staples and chains attached. He rolled around to look at the situation. Cage, thick metallic bars, all around is a control room, yep typical capture outfit.
"Sassami" he said "in a pocket on the left side of the sleeping bag, there is a pen knife could you get it out please".
"Sure" she said, getting it out "what should I do?"
"Okay stab the knife into the bag at shoulder level of the bag, right a little bit deeper..ouch! yeah far enough" he smiled as she jabbed him with the knife.
"Now cut around the circumfrumce of the bag, thats it, rip it off ahh" he smiled as she cut around and pulled the top off, exposing his body and letting him get out and streach. 
"Now what we do?" said Sassami as she looked around the circlular cage.
"Wait" he said laying down massaging his head "Whoever is holding us will have to see us soon so keep close to me okay" Sassami ran up and sat down next to him as he groaned through the hangover.

"They're gone!" said Aieka, hit by a double header "Where?"
"A ship passed overhead last night, must've taken Gary and Sassami with them" said Washu as she sipped tea.
"What are we doing here!" she said jumping about "We must go and find them now!" Just as Aieka started to dash off Washu grabbed her leg causing her to fall on the floor.
"Look I know Gary, he'll keep his cool, and I know that Sassami is safe in his hands" she smiled.

Gary however was crying.

"Nooooo!" he cried "what do you mean we lost! we were 1-0 ahead"
"Well while you were celebrating for 15 mins, Newcastle slipped 2 past the keeper to make it 2-1" Sassami said, looking slightly worried.
"Damn Byran Robson!" he cursed "I'm gonna slip an old sock on his face when I get a chance"

"I doubt it whoever he is" said a new voice.

Gary turned to see a male figure in a cloak "Oh god not you!" he said smiling.

"What do you mean, how could you know who I am?" worried the figure.

"Tetsuo of the Union of Scrap merchants and cargo carriers, also a big player in the lifeform trade, slavery and the kidnapping of imortant people in the Galaxy".

"Wha-wha how did you know that, the only people who know my identity are my mother, father and..."
"And me mr Monk, now where's my Dim-e?" Gary Interupted, looking right at the covered man.
"You mean this?" Tetsuo said holding up his golves "they seem a bit too technical to be simple peices of clothing"
"Yeah and you wanna know how to start them up?" Gary grinned.
"If that would be helpful before I ship you off to a far flung planet" Tetsuo nodded.
"Right now with that seeing as I'm in boxer shorts right now, you've taken my trousers which have a button, I presume you have this button?"
Tetsuo produced it.
"Good" he smiled "now press it and it'll allow power to access the gloves"
A bit to earger to get the peice of kit working, he stabbed at the button excitedly, only to see that the gloves had gone out of his arms and now were being worn by Gary.
"Thank you" he smiled courteously as he cut a way through the bars "now please don't alert security" he said staring right at him, letting loose a bolt of energy to take out a motion sensor and camera behind him then another one to take out the door controls behind Tetsuo "allow me to Exercise how we Essex boys say goodbye" he laughed softly as he came right up against Tetsuo, shaking now. In an instant, Gary's forehead nutted Tetsuo right in the nose, knocking him to the ground, breaking his nose and rendering him unconsious.

"Prat" he muttered as he wiped his face of bone fragments and blood "Come on Sassami, we're going down to the nearest planet to see if we can contact your sister" he smiled.
"Yay!" cheered Sassami "Gary kocked out the naughty Slave trader!" she smiled to herself as she skipped with him into a waiting portal.

*****************

They appeared in the middle of a market square, everyone around the pair stopping to see just why a young man and a little girl just appeared out of nowhere.
"oops" Gary said as Sassami frowned at him. People (as most people would of they saw someone appear from nowhere) were running away, screaming as they went. The pair just stood there, watching the mayhem as what looked like the town police arrive.

"What's happening here?" said one of the constables in a gruff voice as he looked at the pair.
"WITCHES!" screamed one old woman as she ran past.
"Hmm, don't see a problem here" the constable said nervously as he started to back away.
"No you idiot!" said the other Constable behind him "Arrest them and get them out of the way before they're lynched! One of them is Jurain royal family!"
"Oh right" he said "Okay you two, you're under arrest for disturbing the peace and being witches" he said grabbing the two and throwing them in the back of their vehicle.

Later they were taken to the local palace of the Mayor and put before them.

"Right what are you two doing here, a place where any Jurain is considered a witch and a criminal?"
"Where exactly are we by the way sir" countered Gary.
"Thanthos" he said with a smile.
"Oh dear" said Sassami with a blank face.
"What? said Gary, "Home of the Thanthos arena games?"
"The same" said the Mayor as he stared down at the two.
"Damn!" he thought to himself "The people of Thanthos broke away from the control of Planet Jurai two millenia ago"
"Mayor" said Gary with the respect the title deserved "we came down here by accident, I am her protector under the eyes of a foreign power. As we have no intention whatsoever to do harm to your people we respectfully request transport off the planet and be taken to the nearest Galaxy Police post"
"Denied!" growled the Mayor "as you have now implicated your 'foreign power' in our hate of the Jurain people we will imprison you as well as 2nd Princess Sassami under our constitution, Sassami will be placed as an executive prisoner and you will be entered into the Thanthos arena games"
Gary groaned while Sassami looked worried.
"But" added the Mayor "if you win the games, you will go free and you may take your Princess with you, we will contact the Jurain government and..."
"No! don't do that!" said Gary urgently knowing what a diplomatic crisis this would cause if a Watcher was found with a captured Jurain Princess "erm... the way that we contact the Jurai on matters concerning the saftey of the Princesses or other Royal family members has changed, as of last year we now contact the nearest place where members of the Jurain civil service or other important members which concern the Princesse's saftey. Right now the nearest place is planet Earth"
"Earth?" said the Mayor "Thats out of bounds to everyone, the people on that planet are too volitile to even communicate with!"
"Well erm...errr" he thought hard for a second "we have important people on the planet including a high ranking Galaxy Police official who is also in charge of the 2nd Princesses saftey".
"Very well, now you and the Princess will be split up so you can prepare for the games"
"Gary!" Sassami said, horrified that she'd be split up "No!"
"Sassami I can't do anything or they'll kill you, be strong and brave, Gary'll be back to pick you up in a weeks time" he said smiling. He turned back to the Mayor.
"I demand that you treat 2nd Princess Sassami as a VIP and not be harmed in any way physically or mentally, I also demand that she live in confort while I am gone"
"As you are so confident I will agree to your 'requests' however, the minute you die, she will be put on trial as will the rest of the Royal family eventually for crimes against the Thanthosian people"
Sassami gasped at this. Gary raised an eyebrow "She's a child for Christsake! she wasn't even born during the insurection!"
"No arguments" said the Mayor sternly "Guards! Escort the new fighter out of here and to the arena, take the Princess to the guest wing of my palace where she will stay for the week"
"Gary!" cried Sassami as she was carried away "Don't leave me!"
"Just keep calm, Gary'll get you out!" shouted back Gary as he was dragged away.

**************

"Arrested!" shouted Aieka "on what charge you rebel cur?"
"For crimes against our people Princess" smiled the Mayor "I have instructed however to release her if you were to enter and win the Thanthos arena games"
"You terrorist scum haven't changed!" she said "Very well, however I want your word that she will be treated as well as can be possible"
The mayor smiled "You still flatter me Princess Aieka, very well I will expect you in two days for the beginning of the Games, out" the screen went blank.

"They only want to try and execute me with my sister" she said to Tenchi and co "They'll put me through the games and then if I'm still alive they'll kill me anyway!" she said looking down at the table.
"What are the games anyway?" asked Tenchi.
"They are set of fights where some of the most talanted fighters in the galaxy come to do battle to the death. Aieka will be their celebrity star" said Ryoko as she drank some water.
"We can't let you go out there on your own!" said Washu as she looked at Aieka "we need to go too, and get Sassami out and see where the hell Gary's got to"
"Good then, while Aieka goes along with the script and takes part in the games, me Ryoko and Washu will search for Sassami and get her out then return for Aieka" smiled Tenchi "Easy" his smile turned to a nervous laugh as everyone else didn't exactly share his optimism.

**************

The two days had passed for Gary quite quickly seeing as he was still recovering from his hangover, the cell was a typical one complete with damp on the walls, moss, iron barred open window and even the odd rat scuttling around to complete the atmosphere. Outside he could hear the crowds as they headed into the arena, built like...a roman ampitheater! The dream!

The door opened and one of the burly guards that really he could take out in a second but could'nt because of Sassami's safety. He nodded, telling him it was his turn to start his round. As he exited the prisoner block, Aieka entered via the other entrance, leaving Tenchi, Ryoko and Washu to search around for Sassami and Gary. Aieka knew her round would be very soon, maybe after the first round had been finnished, she thought as she sat in her holding cell, fully dressed in her battle clothing and face paint.

Gary was pushed into the room that was final place before he went out into the main arena. He was shoved his Dim-e, told to choose heads or tails and then proceeded to lose the toss of the coin. He slipped the gloves on and tried to activate his sword, it formed easily. Shutting it off he waited for the doors to open. The tanoi was blaring out stuff to whip the crowd into a frenzy as he activated his body suit. A portal started at his legs and went up all the way to his head, covering him with the black flexible material that he couldn't remember the name for. 

Anyway just as he finnished changing the doors opened and he walked into the arena. Again near enough the same in his dream except his opponent up on the screen wasn't female, or was in anyway related to any Jurain family. Gary sighed with relif then smiled as he saw his entry was instead a Dajin warrior, maybe pretty big in his part of the galaxy but totally unknown. His face masked with his cerimonial war mask which was black and blank. The rest of the clothes he wore were grey, tight and kept to his body. He had no hair and was just a little taller than he was.

The referee waved and ran to the side, jumping over the wall. The Dajin made his power sword appear, a large, cutlass style of a weapon, made of electrified bone to make the impact and cutting power much bigger. Gary made his Energy sword appear and waited. The Dajin  ran forward, swinging the sword above his head, silent as he went. Gary preffered the two handed approach as his enemy came closer, then moving in to prempt the Dajin's attack, making him go on the defensive with an inward thrust. 

The Dajin managed to block, giving Gary the excuse to slash forward, working faster and faster, keeping the Dajin on the defensive while making sure that he didn't expose himself. After alot of swordplay, the Dajin jumped back then as Gary moved forward, jumped up sending a foot to his left cheek. Gary flew backwards. Cursing his error he saw enough of the Power Sword sweeping down to roll to the side, blocking with his energy sword. The Dajin, continued with the attack, sensing victory he striked down again, only to be blocked by Gary's energy sword. 

Gary then swung his legs round, sweeping the Dajin's feet from him, using the time to get back up and strike down with his Energy sword. The Dajin blocked desperatly and a battle of stregnth ensued, with Gary pressing down, using a hand to pin the Dajin's sword arm then finally finnishing him with a stab to the center of the head, disabling the main life support function of the brain and killing the Dajin in a painless, instant death. 

The crowd roared as Gary got up and breathed deeply, switching off his Dim-e, he looked up into the sky "First bloke I've killed, ever" he said as he brushed off his suit and went to the fighter's exit to rejoin the guards for the trek back to the cell.

****************

"Have you seen this Girl?" asked Tenchi sweetly to one of the many market traders only to see the photo of Sassami spat on.
"Scum! if had got her hands on her she'd be hanging from that lampost" the trader said with anger.
"What!" said Ryoko "you little" a hand went over her mouth.
"Ryoko we'll be lynched if you stand for Sassami in public here you idiot!" said Washu through her psychic link.
"What you saw her?" Tenchi said.
"Yeah I did, why whose asking?" the trader said suspisiously.
"Ah err well the Thanthos secret service!" he said quickly flashing his wallet that held his bus pass that also looked suprisingly like a law enforcement card "Agent Tenchi, erm and my associates we're err kinda on the trail of the rouge Princess when she disapeared here, we would be umm very grateful if you tell us what happened"
"Oh!" the trader laughed "well the police took her away"
"Do you know where?" Tenchi said, taking those Columbo episodes to heart.
"The police station of course, now can I get on with selling please Agents" said the trader, agitated.
"Oh sure thanks for your co-operation and all" smiled Tenchi as he walked off with Ryoko and Washu.
"Hahahaha!" laughed Ryoko "you really thought that you were Columbo!" Washu was in hysterics as well.
"You two can be so childish sometimes" frowned Tenchi as he walked.

***************

Aieka waited in the ready room, breathing deeply as this was really the first real one on one combat, one on one meaning it was her on her own without any help. She had won the toss and had chosen no weapon hand to hand combat, leaving the dagger fighting for the final if she ever did get to the final of course. "Gary where are you?" she said quietly as the doors opened and she walked into the arena, casually booed by the most of the crowd being obviously Jurian.

Her opponent came to the roar of the crowd a tall man, bare with all but a cloth over his groin area, he towered over her and projected a dark blue aura. She just looked at him emotionless, trying to focus on the task ahead. She looked to referee and nodded, he waved and sprinted out of the ring.

Aieka backed off, not really knowing what this man could do as he strode towards her. Then using her field as her means of propulsion she launched herself at him seeing what he'd do. He managed to dodge, her field catching his chest, knocking him a bit, she turned to see her work, only to see a projection of him disapear, the real one however was behind her and picked her up by the back of neck, choking her, seeing her face about to be slammed into the floor, probably knocking her unconsious if it did she swung herself round, placing a powerful foot right into his teeth, he threw her to the ground as he grasped his mouth, blood pouring. 

Aieka taking advantage left forward, again trying to spear him, hearing him groan as she smacked into his rib cage was most satisfying, seeing the knee flying into her neck though wasn't, she fell to her knees choking as she saw another foot swing round to her head, she ducked back, the foot missing by inches, she jumped up and did a high to his already damaged rib area. He staggered back in pain as she staggered off in pain. 

The tall man ran up behind her and picked her up in a bearhug, she cried out in pain, having breathing trouble from the knee to her neck. He piled on the pressure as she felt her spine in her body come under unbelivable pressure. Instinctivly she threw her head back, hitting his squarely on the nose adding more blood to the already damaged face. 

He dropped her, giving her time to breath and get back on track. He was still reeling in pain and opened his eyes to see Aieka comming right at him with a flying kick, genunine hate in her eyes and facial expression. The force was like that of an express train, the foot breaking his ribs inwards, punturing and killing internal organs and sending blood everywhere inside him.

He dropped to his knees for a second then fell to the ground, blood eminating from a gash in his chest. Not a sound was heard from the entire arena as Aieka slowly walked up to him and brought the killing blow to his neck via kicking downwards. His body limp. The crowd was silent as she glared at nearly each and every one of them before returning to the gaurds at the exit and her cell.

****************

Gary stared at the wall, not really eating his food, if you could call it food. If they had a Chip shop round here he'd cry tears of joy. He layed back and looked at the ceiling "Man this place is corny!" he smiled as he looked at the near miss of the the rip in the center of his stomach, he had just blocked with his sword in time. The previous fight must've been vicious, cries and screams galore!. He closed his eyes and waited for the next day, and the next fight, who knows maybe Aieka might just forgive him for losing Sassami for a week.

Speaking of Sassami she lay on her bed in the luxourious Guest wing, she looked outside to see crowds screaming death and murder, with torches. It reminded her of a novel that Gary had read to her about France and the revolution. All those people having their heads off just because they happened to know a cetain Duke or member of the royal family was sickening to her, yet it might happen to her by the end of the week. 

She lay on her bed after closing the curtains, trying to drown out the screams and the firing of suppression mauls used by the police to keep them back. Maybe if she made a disguise, found a way to hide her distinguishing marks on her face then maybe, just maybe she could sneak out, find Gary and escape. But out there was certain death by hanging if she was found out. Tears rolled down her face as she contemplated her excecution once more, her maturity shining out again taking command of her childish innocence and naivety.

Gary will win, he will come back for me and I won't be dead by Sunday afternoon.

***************

"Princess Sassami!" said the desk Sergeant at the police station to Tenchi.
"Ahuh we were told she was here and.."
"Haven't you heard! we've got all our officers down there keeping the vigelantie squads from breaking into the Mayoral Palace and stabbing her to death!" if you wanna go see I would'nt recomend it as it isn't the best scene you wanna see"
"Uh thanks" said Tenchi, slightly disturbed about this planet, why did they want to kill any Jurain they saw and why did they insist on Aieka going to those games?

**

Well that ends part a of NNFW 3. The second part will show Sassami's rescue and the final fight with Ayeka and Gary. Also it will talk about the aftershock of what happened. Anyway any comments or rants or advice e-mail me @ puddah@ntlworld.com. Thanx and I hope you like the fic :) **

The next couple of days it was raining, but it didn't stop the games, both Aieka and Gary throughout the week had fought themselves to the semi-finals, Aieka taking a force field punch head on and paying for it with stars and a broken jaw, quickly healed with today's quick fix medical technology after she had kicked and forced her opponent unconscious as repayment. Gary however had a worse time of it, now sporting a 6-inch long scar as a power staff had hit his sword arm.

But still though, they amazingly still hadn't met, been paired against each other or seen one another! But it seemed that fate had to bring the two together. It was to be the only time that the fighters who remained from the various tournaments would be able to exercise.

Gary as usual was sitting there, staring into nothingness when suddenly he thought as he looked in a corner he wondered why there were about three or four guards crowding round, so he went over to investigate. As he got closer he overheard what they were saying.

"How would you like to die, Hanged and cut up or beheaded just like your little sister!" one laughed.
"What?" he thought, as he got closer and saw just whom they were pushing around. Slowly he saw the Jurain clothes then froze. She's here! Before any of the guards could torment her again he stepped in.

"Erm mates" he said as he butted in "Maybe you guys could back off and do your job, I understand that this lady is very violent when agitated and has the power to beat you guys into nice little fruit pastels" he smiled.
Aieka looked up and gasped at Gary, though highly covered by the black ops suit he wears she knew who was inside it the minute he spoke. The Guards stared back at him then nodded at him respectfully and walked off. Gary looked back down at her.
"Well guess who picked the worse holiday destination of the year" he smiled.
"What, how?" she said, still a bit surprised to see him here now.
"I know, we landed here accidentally. After we got captured and sent to this slave ship. The local police took us to this mayor who promptly put Sassami on charges of treason, etc. And so here I am" he said, not really sure how she'd react to him readily admitting that he lost Sassami just like that. She just sat there feeling the temporary scars around her mouth. A tear rolled down her cheek.
"We're going to kill each other," She said sadly.
"I know but I know something will happen that will save us" he said rubbing her shoulder. Then he clicked his fingers "Hey how about you feign your death? I'll pick you up afterwards and then we'll rescue Sassami together"
She shook her head "They incinerate the bodies as soon as they are out of view".
"Oh" he said, "bugger". He turned to face Aieka "look I'll find a way out of this, where is Tenchi and co?"
"They're looking for Sassami right now" she said "but I doubt that they have found her, until then I have to win, though I'll die anyway, Sassami will live"
"Wait a sec" Gary said a bit annoyed "I've entered this contest to save her, can't I forfeit or something in the final?"
"Yes and they'll behead you" giggled Aieka darkly, a bit of black humor sneaking out of her quiet restrained character.
"Hmm" Gary mockingly thought out loud "well I'd rather that we keep this cool, if they don't come by the start of the match tomorrow then I think we're on our own"

The bell sounded calling the prisoners back to their cells, Gary got back up to have his arm grabbed by Aieka. He turned and hugged her strongly.

"You'll be okay?" he said, concerned.
"I'll be alright" she said smiling softly which changed back to that dark grin "don't think I'll go easy on you"
"Ah! That's what you think" he laughed, as if they were going for a game of really competitive tennis or something. He smiled and she smiled back as he was grabbed by some agitated guards and dragged off to his cell.

*********

Later that morning the semi-finals began. Gary stood in the holding room and was thrown a metal pole. He smiled as he opened in the door. 
"Got a weapon I've never been trained for up against one of the best fighters in the Galaxy," he grinned nervously as he walked out into the arena "don't see a problem with that".

His opponent was a small woman, dressed in a neon jump suit with light blue hair; she must've won the toss as she had a metal pole as well. She was smaller then he was though Gary had a feeling that she was extra-agile.

As the referee ran for cover, the woman jumped right him, going for a blow right at the head, he blocked, exposing his belly to a hard-hitting boot, sending him sprawling backwards. She went forward, pushing her opponent down and tried to impale Gary with her pole, Gary quickly knocked the pole away before rolling away and getting back up. 

He felt the damage, "ouch! Bruised rib, hate those metal boots lady" he thought as he went in sidestepping the woman and using the metal pole as an extra long base bat. 

Then when she blocked (as he expected her to) he used her blocking action as a swinging pole, jumping up and sending a kick to the back of her head, knocking her forward.  Then he put in a couple of cheap shots to her exposed head and back. Taking the damage with a couple of grunts she turned back and went for a stabbing thrust for his groin area, she missed just.

He grinned as she missed but then shrieked as she slammed it back up, smacking into his groin with incredible force. Stunned he got a nice powerful punch to the cheek and another metal boot to the chest.

Falling to the ground again he shook his head and flipped back again, feeling his groin and sighing with relief. Not too much time for that, he thought as she came back in. He ran forward to counter this, doing a kind of pole vault ending in a two footed kick right into her face. She fell to the ground, blood pouring from a wound and scratches all on her face.

Not wanting to be ungentlemanly he waited for her to slowly get back up. Then smacked the pole into her stomach, then again. She fell back to her knees, head bowed down. He raised the pole and brought it down onto her neck, snapping the bone and her spinal cord in two, killing her instantly.

He sighed and wiped blood away from a big couple of cuts on his face and felt his bruised ribs, wincing each time touched them as he walked back into the cell area.

*********

A Thanthos Mayoral guard stood by one of the many side entrances at the fence of the Mayoral palace. The light above him flickered, and then burnt out for a second. By the time it sputtered back into life.

"Wow that was quick Ryoko," said Tenchi looking to see where she dumped the body.
"Oh well I don't know my strength sometimes" she smiled evilly as the Guard she just threw into the air, fell down a couple of hundred meters behind her into the river.

The building that they looked at was massive, the kind of grand palace that you'd associate with a mad despot or corrupt ruler (but one that had to skimp on Guards as they had run out of money building such a fancy Palace and all you see).

"This must be the Guest wing of the Palace, Sassami is inside, probably in a room facing onto the square over to the left there" Washu said as she read a Holographic map suspended in front of her.

"Is the place guarded?" asked Tenchi.
"Of course, they're just dumb assed people they pulled off the street that's all" Washu grinned sadistically.
"So it'll be easy," Ryoko said confidently.
"Well that and we've got to get her out of a million strong mob of people wanting to string her up" 
Ryoko frowned "You stop saying that! You're making me feel sick!"

"Okay okay jeez" Washu said as she scanned the corridors to see how many Guards there were around.
"I just hope to get to Sassami in time before Aieka starts her final match" Tenchi urgently said.

Sassami sat at the dressing table in a side room leading off from her bedroom, brushing her hair and making sure it was just right as her execution would be tomorrow afternoon and
 She had had no communication from Aieka, Tenchi or Gary. 

"They must've died trying to get me out," she said, nearly crying again as she remembered the good times of her (albeit short) life. Her pets, Ryo-Ohki, her pride of her cooking abilities and her bond with Tsunami, who at this time was powerless to stop this without causing all out war between Jurai and Thanthos, sacrificing millions, maybe billions of lives in the process. Another tear rolled down her cheek as she prepared for her execution.

********

Aieka walked out into the arena, causing silence to the crowd as they stared at the Princess from Jurai who had defied them and stayed alive.

Her opponent walked out, a plump man with a weird kind of suit on, wires trailed out of his head as a mask covered his face. The man, silent pointed at Aieka. Nothing else, he just pointed for a second then remained standing.

The referee ran off and the match started. Aieka, unsure as to what she was up against, moved forward cautiously watching the man, standing and staring right at her. As she jumped up to do an aerial attack though, the man raised a hand and a ball of crackling energy appeared and flew right at her, enveloping her force field and superheating it, literally cooking Aieka alive inside it for a couple of seconds and sapping at her strength. She screamed out in pain, tears coming out of her eyes then instantly evaporating in the heat. 

She shut off the field and fell to the ground, groaning slightly as she recovered slowly, her whole body burnt slightly by the experience. The fat man simply walked up to her and shocked Aieka a couple of times, her body limply jumping at the bolts going into her.

Having to think of something ASAP before he shut off her heart she took a risk grabbing at his legs then using her force field as momentum she swung round and round and round, gaining speed. He tried the same shock tactics again but the heat couldn't stop her now, despite the searing pain and shock to her system she threw him as hard as she could into the circular, perimeter, meter thick wall. A sickening crunch was heard as he slammed into it and it was obvious that he had been knocked unconscious by the affair.

Aieka for her part, first collapsed, all her strength gone by the shocks and the swinging maneuver, then realizing that her opponent must die before the match ending she staggered to her feet, making shaky, labored steps towards the man, bleeding heavily from his head. Then an anger swept into her head as she took his neck and snapped it using her hands, fueled by her anger she picked up the body and threw it into the crowd screaming "There! See what your thirst for blood has done to this man!" before collapsing though pain and exhaustion.

********

"Coast clear Tenchi?" asked Ryoko as she stood behind Tenchi as he peered round the corner in the corridor. Only two guards stood at the door, which held Sassami. Washu stepped forward.
"I'll get in and explain what'll we'll do" smiled Washu as she skipped round the corner
Tenchi watched his nerves on the rack as Washu calmly skipped up to the Guards.

"Hey there mister" Washu smiled sweetly "I've been sent to accompany the traitor princess in her final hours"
The Guards looked at each other.
"Can I go in please" she said changing from being lovingly cute to sickingly cute (so cute in fact it could kill)
The Guards smiled "Of course you can, five minutes though"
"Oh thank you" Washu beamed as she skipped inside.

Sassami's bedroom was like any other of the rooms in this palace, grossly overdone. Sassami was sleeping quietly; she looked as though she was crying. Washu walked over and nudged her.
"Sassami" she whispered. Sassami slowly opened her eyes and looked into Washu's eyes.
"Washu!" she shouted, "you came!"
"Shhhhh!" cursed Washu "can it will ya!"
Sassami, overcome with emotion grabbed Washu and hugged her tightly, crying uncontrollably "I'm so scared I thought I was going to die!"
"There, there Sassami its okay now I'm here" Washu said rubbing her shoulder.
"Where's Gary?" she said looking around "He promised he'd be back after the games"
"What?" said Washu suddenly with shock in her eyes "Gary is in the Games?"
"Yes, he was forced to and he said he'd pick me up tomorrow"
"Do you know how far he's got so far?" said Washu, a sense of urgency in her voice now.
"He won his Semi-final round" Sassami said with a smile "why is that good"
"We don't know yet" Washu said looking for a safe escape route "We need to get out of here now, something terrible is going to happen.

Washu opened the door to the corridor, the Guards were standing just ahead of her, she looked behind her to see a large solid silver candlestick.
"lets see if I've learnt from Gary on this one" she thought as she opened a portal and sucked it in. The candlestick coming back out just on top of first guard.
"Guard no1" she smiled as she brought the candlestick on his head, knocking him out.
"And no2" she giggled as she swung it round, the stick hitting the other guard squarely in the eye, knocking him out.
"Wow nice work Washu" said Sassami as she dragged the guards inside and locked them in the bathroom.
"It's a trick I learned off Gary" she beamed "wait here and keep the door locked"
Sassami nodded and closed the main door, Washu ran back to Tenchi and Ryoko.

"She's gonna kill him!"
"Who's going to kill who?" said Tenchi confused at Washu's babbling.
Washu took a deep breath to calm down then said, "Gary managed to get into the games, and Aieka's got to the final"
"That's good isn't it?" said Ryoko.
"No Gary's in the final as well! And she'll kill him to save Sassami unless we get there first"
"What!" Tenchi said in horror "she'll kill him?"
"She cares more about her sister than anything else in the world, she'd even take a bullet heading for Sassami! And nothing, not even her love for Gary is going to get in her way"
"We gotta get Sassami out of here then!" said Tenchi.

*********

By the next morning the instant recovery machine designed to get injured combatants back to full health had fully healed Aieka. Today was the day of the final and still no Tenchi, Ryoko and Washu! Will I have to kill Gary to save my Sister? She wondered, knowing that if Gary won, they'd be put in slavery for years anyway before they were released.

She got out of the medic-bed and walked to get ready for the final.

**********

"Nice dark room" Gary thought to himself as he waited for the doors to open, knowing whom he'll be facing. Outside he could hear the bustle and hustle of a crowd, a big crowd, and then a foreign voice blabbed some words over a tanoi, the crowd cheered.

Then out of nowhere a hidden side door was opened and Gary was shoved a sliver dagger and his Dim-e.
"Port out and you die" a man, whispered in broken English into his ear. He nodded still knowing the tragedy that was about to unfold. Dammit Tenchi and co have to come sometime before either one of us has one these sticking out of us!

The doors in front opened and he walked out into the arena. The screen up in the corner showed the statistics of him. 

"Oh look its me" he smiled as his saw his picture come up along with some unreadable writing. And then, what he was expecting came the photo of Aieka. And there was Aieka, up in her War costume and face paint, a look of anger on her face, rage and a darkness that he'd never seen before. For the first time her facial expression had suited her war getup.

Then the person supposedly the referee waved to the two, starting the match. Gary was hesitant at first, knowing that what Ryoko could do physically, Aieka could do with the same amount of strength with the brick wall at light speed hitting power of her Shield especially now she was fighting for her sister's life. Aieka though only had one blade while Gary could call up another via his Dim-e.

Aieka viewed Gary as she thought hard about his weaknesses, her mind totally focused on saving her sister. She was able to move about at high speed and use her force field to add power to punches but so could he if he tried. Then she realized what he had said the week before about him not being trained in certain arts, including how to handle a dagger properly. She had a plan.

Aieka was on the move as she zoomed up to him, not right up to him but close enough for striking range. Gary not wanting to kill the woman he loved made his move, slashing his blade downwards to her sword arm as she swept in, hoping to cut and disable and therefore put her towards a possible submission. But Aieka ducked down and side swept at Gary's feet. Gary caught off guard fell on the ground, pain in his legs as she had applied her force field to her feet for maximum effect, his shins wouldn't recover from that for a while.

Gary rolled, dodging the stabs of Aieka's blade, not really wanting to die at that moment in time he flipped himself up and jumped away. Aieka then came right at him at high speed, the yellow tint of her field showing as she tried to disable him with a body spear. Dodging with his reflexes from his training he sidestepped and grabbed onto her midsection, whirling her stomach round and into his waiting knee. Aieka gasped then groaned feebly. He dropped her to the ground and backed off waiting for her to get up. 

Aieka tried to breath, only to feel serious pain. She knew he'd be tough, but that tough? Nobody had caught her in mid air like that before let alone in one fluid motion!

She got up, after checking herself off she nodded that she was ready, "all square" she muttered as she moved in quick now, engaging in blade to blade combat. Gary under serious pressure to match each move that she made, then he made his mistake by using both hands to block a low stab, leaving Aieka that split second window to choose which part of his body to punish for the mistake. Smiling to herself, She chose the face, the blow pushing him back, opening a wound from an earlier, he staggered back several steps, Aieka continued with a high kick which was countered by Gary only to have Aieka's other leg kick out Gary's already sore feet from under him, his head hitting the floor first.

Aieka jumped on top of his back, ready to dive the blade into his skull, he could feel the whish of the air as the blade came down on his head. He closed his eyes. This was it she thought as she brought the blade down "forgive me Gary" she said solemnly. "No forgive me Aieka," he said as he brought his hands together above his head, catching the dagger and stopping it just millimeters from his skull.

 The strain was obvious as Aieka pushed down and Gary pushed up. Gary kicked Aieka in the back and bridged her off. Moving back he tried to regain his breath, Aieka though was not really into rest bites as she moved in again, both of them now without their daggers, jumping to spear him again, this time it worked as she slammed into his body with the speed and force of a truck, Gary only just seeing it, managed to bring up a shield in time, taking up most of the impact, though he was blown onto his back as Aieka landed on top and proceeded to throttle him, her hands cutting off air and choking him.

"Aieka" he gurgled "please"
"I must Gary" she said tears forming "I'm so sorry".
"No!" he cried as he grabber her arms and did the thing that he never wanted to turn to, he discharged all energy stored in his Dim-e into their bodies.

There was a dark blue flash and Aieka flew back screaming in agony. Gary's heart stopped and then started again as he got up, rubbing his neck. He looked at Aieka's body slumped in a heap, smoking.

Aieka was lying on the floor. He had hurt her, so badly that she was on fire with rage, her eyes turned red for a second as the red mist took hold.

"No" he said as he ran over, the tear rolled down his cheek. He bent down to see if she was still alive. The response was positive as a force field double fisted punch ripped into his chest, sending him up into the air. He landed oddly hearing a crack as his right arm fractured, his chest bleeding heavily as he tried to get up he saw Aieka standing above him, her eyes on fire.

"Why won't you die" she said quietly, rage totally consuming her.
"Because I love you Aieka" he grimaced in pain as he saw what she was about to do.

He quickly limped away, trying to get as much distance as he could before she could attempt it. Too late, Aieka jumped up and then flew down both feet first, aiming for his head; the impact would kill him outright if there was anything left of his head. Gary was ready, he managed to do it once and he could do it again. He readied himself, formed a shield and grabbed onto her feet just as they came close. She gasped in horror, as he swung round once, using the momentum to throw her. Disorientated she hit the ground with tremendous force. A dull crack was heard as she smacked into the ground.

She tried to get up but she must've broken one of her legs in the impact, blood pouring from an open wound but yet, like Gary, determination to win consumed them, she limped towards Gary who was standing there, now unable to use one arm. Then suddenly through loss of blood because of his chest wound he collapsed back onto his back, breathing labored. Aieka picked up a dagger and sat on him again and started to bring the Dagger down slowly. Gary took Aieka's other hand and held it. She was sobbing now.
"I'm sorry Gary," she said as the tears rolled down.
"Don't be," he gasped, "I gave it my best"
"I love you," she said quietly.
"Me too" he managed to force a smile. Aieka leant down to kiss Gary softly as she Dagger began to cut inside. It was only piercing the skin when Aieka heard up above a loud "Meow!" That was Ryo-ohki in ship form floating above the arena. Aieka looked up above and smiled weakly as she pulled the Dagger out and threw it away and they were teleported out of the arena.

"Oh god Gary what have you done now!" said Washu as she hooked up a blood replacement vessel and bandaged the chest wound.
"Yeah how come every time I see you after a big fight with someone you all always look as though you've had the crap kicked out of you"
"Guess I've got good life insurance"
Sassami was in the corner though, tears in her eyes as she looked at Gary "you hurt my sister" she said as Aieka lied on another makeshift bed, exhaustion knocking her out for the time being.
"I had no choice Sassami please you have to understand" he said weakly.
Sassami was distraught; she had seen the closing scenes of the fight. This he knew would mark her mind for the rest of her life. 
"Please Sassami, it wasn't intentional, I was fighting for my life out there," he pleaded "we were fighting for you"
Sassami just looked away and sat down next to her sister.

Tenchi was speechless, his face in abject horror at what the two had done to each other, and how they had both brought each other to an inch of their lives. He couldn't believe it, he just couldn't. He wouldn't and he couldn't.

Ryoko however was steering but had seen Gary's injuries first hand and saw that this man could have every bone broken and still fight for what he believed in. He was a madman, but those who are trained killers usually are. She laughed at that, a trained killer who only just killed somebody this week.

********

Later when they all got back and both had been treated for their injuries things got back to normal. That night Gary still bandaged because of the chest wound and his broken arm in plaster was looking up at the ceiling; he couldn't sleep, even though everybody including Washu was. He got out and decided to go get a glass of water and take some more painkillers.

He walked down the stairs and saw Aieka outside looking at the lake. He walked outside to join her, first banging his plastered arm on the patio door causing some pain and distress, then finally figuring out how get out, he slotted himself through the open doorway.

"Couldn't sleep as well?" he asked as Aieka looked behind her. Her leg was in plaster to heal the broken leg. A pair of Crutches was next to her.
"Yes" she said, "I kept thinking about my rage that I experienced" he turned to face him.
"I'm sorry, I should've waited for you instead of jumping to Sassami's defense like that" he said.
"I nearly killed you Gary" managed Aieka, fighting back the tears as she realized what she had done a week ago.
"Don't blame yourself, you were worried about your sister" he said.
Aieka limped up to him and hugged him deeply "you said that love should never be fatal" biting her lip "that it should never damage body and soul"
"What will happen when your father finds out about this, that a watcher assigned to look after you and your sister under interdimensional treaties, took you to within an inch of your life?" he said looking down.
"I'll protect you," she said, finding strength in her voice.
"I know my superiors have already seen my actions" he said holding Aieka tighter "I don't know what's going to happen to me" he stared into her eyes "for the first time since I was a child Aieka, I'm scared"
"Me too, I'm scared of losing you," she said "You were very good" she said smiling trying to brighten him up "you were the only person ever to catch me in mid air at that speed".
He grinned "reflexes, girl reflexes, when you said you were good at using the dagger though you weren't kidding!"
"That was the first time I had tried it in 700 years!" she smiled  "I was amazed you caught the Dagger before it went in your head"
"That's the thing, if you got it flaunt it, that's exactly what you did" he smiled back "If looks could kill, you'd be an expert assassin"
"Flattery will get you nowhere!" she giggled quietly.
Gary laughed softly as well as they held hands watching the cloudless night and the moon's reflection on the lake's surface.

>From the patio doors Sassami was watching the pair. Why was she holding the hand of the person she tried to kill a week ago? Sassami had not talked to Gary all week because of the anger she had felt when she saw the fight. Gary was meant to protect her and Aieka with his life not hurt them!

She walked out towards the pair, the patio door closing loudly startling Gary and Aieka as they turned to see the new arrival.

"Sassami" said Aieka surprised "What are you doing up at this hour".
Sassami said nothing, her face not in anger but in sadness.
"You hurt my sister," she said quietly, looking away from Gary.
Gary stood and knelt down in front of her "Sassami I didn't mean it, if I didn't fight back I would've been killed you can understand that"
Sassami remained silent.
"I know you might never forgive me and I might have to leave very soon but I'm very sorry for what has happened" he said looking at the ground "I love her deeply and would offer my life in place of hers" he looked up and smiled slightly "if you forgive me I'll show you how to cook some English dishes?"
Sassami looked down at him out of the corner of her eyes. She looked over at Aieka who was nodding. Sassami put her small arms round Gary and hugged him, crying softly.
"Go on let it all out," he said, patting her back "you forgive me?"
Sassami looked up nodding tearfully "yes" she sniffed.
"Want to cook up some 'toad in the hole'?"
"Yes please" smiled Sassami as Gary wiped her tears away.
Gary stood up and took Sassami's hand "You got any Yorkshire pudding mix and some large sausages?"
"I have the sausages but you'll have to make the mix" beamed Sassami as they walked back into the house.
"Good, I'll show you how to make it tomorrow, now lets get you back to bed and into the land of nod, maybe you'll have some special books for your birthday next week"
"Yay!" Sassami.

As they walked in Aieka smiled "he always has a way with her" she said to herself as she looked back out over the lake.

**********

McCann looked the observation reports on his desk, a former Watcher now Royal protection officer on loan by Operation Watchman nearly beaten and stabbed to death by the same person he was meant to be protecting.

"Fair one" he thought as he flicked through the reports and the surveillance Photos, even reading the eyewitness testimony of the replacement Watcher who saw the whole incident "he always had that kind of impact with women".

A light on the LCD screen embedded on this desk flashed. McCann tapped at the light saying

"Yeah I'm a bit busy"
"Sir we've been contacted by the Jurain representative they say they are still asking for confirmation to the rumors that 1st Princess of Jurai Aieka was nearly killed by one of her protection officers"

McCann looked again at the papers, the close up photos of the wounds that both had suffered, then the photo of the Princess kissing Gary while proceeding to stab him in the chest. He sighed deeply as he tapped the intercom function on the desk.

"Deny that they were even there in the first place. I want all records that the Thanthos Arena games even happened this year destroyed and I mean everything that even suggests that they were there"

"Yes sir we'll organize a black ops team ASAP, what about the Jurain representative sir"
"Leave him in the dark until you are 110% sure that the situation is secure" he said turning off the intercom.

"I'll be dammed if I have one of my best men strung up for treason," he muttered to himself as he dumped the file into the bin and lit a match.

"Not on my patch".

Fin

**I really wanted to go through with the fight between Gary and Aieka, though it may sound a bit morbid how it all came together. Trying to tie harmless comedy and dark violence is one of the biggest challenges and I feel that I've struck the right balance. Also it is one of my biggest single fanfics I've ever written! Anyway if you have ANY complaints, ideas, advice or pats on the back don't hesitate to e-mail me @ puddah@ntlworld.com. Once again I restate that I do not own Tenchi or any of the other original cast and I do not wish to be sued as I do not make any money out of this. Thank you**
