PART TWO

Akina, Tenchi, and Ryoko desperately tried to make it to the cave in time.  " 
Tenchi are we close?"  Akina looked back at Tenchi as she carried the lifeless 
Kiyone.  " We're almost there!"  They saw a blast right ahead of them.  "It's no 
use!"  She handed Kiyone over to Tenchi.  "You take Kiyone to the hiding place 
and I'll distract him! Ryoko you make sure he doesn't follow you two!"  Ryoko 
nodded and followed Tenchi.  " Yukio."  She flew above the trees.  " I know your 
here! Show yourself!"  She dodged real quick from an attack he tossed from 
behind.  "You're stronger than before Akina! But not strong enough!"  He threw 
tons of black vines around her body that enabled all of her powers.  
"AAAAAAAAHHHHHH!" She started to fall but he caught her.  " I'm keeping the 
promise we made Akina!"  He teleported her to the ship. 

 Ryoko and Tenchi finally made it to the cave and leaned Kiyone against a wall.  
" Well, appears as if her energy's been sucked right out of her!"  Washu teased.  
" Come on Washu isn't there anything you can do!?"  Tenchi practically yelled.  
" Tenchi you disappoint me!  After all I am the brightest mind in the entire 
galaxy!"  She injected a energy transfer needle into Kiyone's arm.  " Where's 
Akina?"  Mihoshi looked up at the two.  " She stayed behind."  Ryoko looked out 
of the cave.  Washu pulled out her computer.  " This isn't good, her location is 
above this planet, and her energy is very low."  Washu started to type more 
information into her computer.  " Is he draining her energy!?"  Sasami turned 
white in fear.  "No it's almost as if he's..............trying to confine it 
within herself.  Ryoko, did she tell you anything about this guy?"  Washu looked 
up. "All I know is that his name is Yukio."  Ryoko moaned.  " Mihoshi do you 
know his code in the Galaxy Police Records?"  Washu was hoping she knew.  "Um, 
here."  Mihoshi handed her a piece of paper.  " Akina told me to hang onto this 
incase of an emergency."  Washu's eyes widened when she read it.  " Even better, 
this is her remarks on him from the Universe Forces Records."  She typed up the 
code and began to read.  " I don't recall much about Yukio's past.  All I 
remember is that the first time I met him when I was only five years old.  He 
was a lost little boy trying to find his parents after he had been abandoned 
several years ago.  I formed a friendship with him because from the other people 
on our planet we were very much different.  He has the same strength that I 
control, and yet he is stronger than I am.  Even though his attitude towards 
others is rather harsh he was always very protective over me.  It must have been 
a sign of affection because a few months later we promised that we would always 
be together.  But one year after that I became an operative for the Universe 
Forces.  This is when he began to search the Universe for the strongest energy 
sources all over the Universe and took their power/energy.  The only question 
that still haunts my mind is why hasn't he tried to take my power?"  Washu 
stopped.  " Why hasn't he tried to take her power Miss Washu?"  Aeka gasped.  " 
This is all part of his sick game,  he uses all of these people as pawns to get 
to the queen or in this case Akina.  He was just using us to get to her."  Washu 
wasn't to thrilled to know that in a way someone was using her.  " Well, isn't 
there anything we can do!?"  Ryoko yelled.  "That's what I'd like to know 
Ryoko."  Washu whispered.  Kiyone's eyes slightly cracked open.  "Akina?"  She 
tried to get to her feet.  " You won't be moving anywhere for awhile Kiyone."  
Washu announced.  "Where's Akina!?"  Kiyone stared at them all.  " She's been 
captured."  Washu walked to the entrance of the cave.  "WHAT!?"  Kiyone jumped 
to her feet despite she was weak and grabbed Washu by the neck.  " THEN WHY ARE 
WE JUST SITTING HERE WE HAVE TO HELP HER NOW!!!!!"  Kiyone shook Washu hard.  " 
There's nothing we can do Kiyone, her only hope is if she escapes on her own."  
Ryoko released Kiyone's grip on Washu's neck.  

Akina felt strange being near Yukio.  "What's wrong?"  He looked back at her.  
"Why are you doing this to me?"  She looked around the room to find a exit.  " 
There's no way out, only I know how to get out of this ship."  He turned around 
and looked her over.  "You've changed Akina."  He walked closer to her.  "Yukio, 
stay back!"  She was worried since she couldn't summon power to blast him back.  
"Akina."  He held her close and kissed her.  "This is your home and your destiny 
is to be with me forever."  her eyes were blank as if she was under a trance.  
"I want you to capture Tenchi Masaki and those other idiots!"  She nodded and 
vanished.

Kiyone glared out of the cave's entrance and saw someone floating in the sky.  
"Akina!"  She jumped to her feet and ran out the entrance.  "Wait a minute,"  
Ryoko glared up at Akina and saw the energy prepared in her hand "Kiyone get 
back here now!"  Ryoko shouted.    "Destroy them now Akina!"  She glared and 
fired a beam down at the cave's entrance causing the rocks to cave in.  "Good, 
now destroy your sister!"  Akina flew down to the ground and gave Kiyone a cold 
stare.  "Akina?"  Kiyone gasped.  "AAAAARRRGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!"  Ryoko blasted the 
entrance away and attacked Akina.  "Ryoko Stop!"  Kiyone screamed.  "No way! 
You're dumbass sister just tried to kill us!"  Ryoko grabbed Akina's shirt and 
flung her into a stone wall.  " No one can defeat this space pirate."  Ryoko 
prepared her energy sword.  "Ryoko......."  Akina growled as she flew full speed 
at her.  "Prepare to die kid!"  Ryoko held her sword tip out.  "Ryoko No!"  
Kiyone hit Ryoko out of the way.  "Aeka form a shield around Kiyone now!"  Washu 
shouted.  "Right!"  Akina crashed into the shield.  "Argh! Forget about the 
others Akina and bring me the boy!"  Akina snatched Tenchi and vanished.  
"TENCHI!"  Ryoko screamed.  "What are we going to do Aeka?  Sasami stared at the 
spot where Akina and Tenchi vanished.  "I don't know Sasami."  Aeka looked over 
at the enraged Ryoko.  "Kiyone, I'm sorry but I'm going to kill your sister!"  
Ryo-Ohki turned into a space ship and disappeared in the sky with Ryoko.  "NO!"  
Kiyone called her ship and ran into it with Washu, Aeka, Mihoshi and Sasami.

Tenchi looked around the ship and saw how evilly Yukio was grinning.  "What have 
you done with Akina!?"  Tenchi demanded.  "I'm just keeping a promise that we 
made, we are always going to be together."  He looked over to her.  "Akina, 
drain his energy."  She nodded and walked toward Tenchi.  "Akina no!"  Tenchi 
pulled out his sword for his defense.  "Akina please stop!"  Tenchi was worried 
he was going to have to fight her.  "It's no use Masaki, she could crush you 
into pulp if I ordered her to."  He laughed.  "I won't let you boss her around 
anymore."  Tenchi threw his sword into Yukio's arm.  "Tenchi?"  Akina grabbed 
her head and fell to her knees.  "Are you alright?"  Tenchi put his hand on her 
shoulder.  "Yukio, I won't forgive you for this!"  She pulled out Tenchi's sword 
and tossed it back to him.  "You forget Akina, I have to advantage over you!"  
He grabbed her.  "This time you aren't running away."  She punched him in the 
stomach and prepared her energy sword.  "MEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOWWWWW!!!"  Ryo-Ohki 
crashed into the ship.  "Tenchi!"  Ryoko jumped in front of him and prepared to 
stab Akina in the back.  "No Ryoko!"  He jumped in her way.  "Tenchi she tried 
to.........." 
Tenchi interrupted her.  "No!  Yukio had control on her mind".  Akina prepared 
to hurl her sword at him.  "Akina, if you do this you'll regret it for the rest 
of your life."  Akina's eyes widened, she couldn't attack him.  "Now say good 
bye to your friends!"  He prepared to attack when a gun shot off.  "I don't 
think so!"  Kiyone stood on top of her ship with her gun in hand.  "You think a 
gun shot can kill me!?"  He shouted as he prepared to fire on her.  "NO!!"  
Akina got him in the chest with her sword.  "I'm not letting you harm my family 
or my friends!"  She pulled it out and watched him disintegrate.  "Akina!"  
Kiyone jumped from the ship and hugged Akina.  "You've got guts kid!"  Ryoko 
laughed as she kicked Yukio's ashes.  "Shut up Ryoko."  Akina walked into 
Kiyone's ship.

The next day Akina walked outside and stared up at the sky.  " *Sigh*  Well, 
prepare yourself Earth, another women has moved into the Masaki household."  She 
heard a blast go off followed by shouting and Tenchi yelling at everyone to calm 
down.  "Oh boy."  She walked into the house.  "EVERYONE QUIET!!!!!"  the house 
was completely silent.  "Dinner is ready!"  Sasami ran into the room with a huge 
pot.  "Alright!"  Ryoko flew to the table.  "This isn't for you Ryoko."  Akina 
groaned and sat down at the table.  "What!?  You cooked all that for her!?"  
Ryoko shouted.  Sasami nodded and poured a glowing blue liquid into Akina's 
bowl.  "What is that!?"  Ryoko felt like she was going to barf.  "I took Yukio's 
ashes and drained his power out of it."  Washu announced.  "And there's only one 
person that can drink it."  Akina picked up the bowl and chugged down the 
energy.  "OH MAN!"  Ryoko ran outside.  "How disgusting."  Aeka had a sick 
feeling in her stomach.  "What are you guys complaining about I'm the one who 
had to drink it!"  Akina shouted.  "Don't get comfortable Akina you still have 
five more huge pots to go."  Akina's eyes widened.  "Oh man!"  She slammed her 
head on the table.  "Hey, is this the thanks I get after cooking it into soup!"  
Sasami whined.  

I hope you enjoyed these two fanfics!  Please respond if you liked them, because 
if I get a few responses than I will write a few more Akina fanfics and I 
usually have alot of free time to write!  =(^.^)=

