Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, AIC and Pioneer does. 
I don't own Tenchi, Ryoko (they belong to each other), or 
anyone else. So don't sue me!

No Need for a Kidnapping: Epilogue
By Chibi-C

Author's notes: I'm so proud of myself. I made it through 
this whole story and I made an epilogue. (Canned applause, 
Chibi-C takes a bow.)
Kyinia: (Sweatdrop.) I'm just glad that this is all over.
Why?
Kyinia: .(Sweatdrop.)
Why are you sweating so much? Nervous?
Kyinia: (Major sweatdropping.)
You really should see a doctor about that. Anyway, here's 
the epilogue for No Need for a Kidnapping!

It had been three months since the Cintrania incident. 
Ayeka and Tikama were officially a couple, and without 
Tenchi to fight over, Ryoko and Ayeka became the best of 
friends. Ryoko still glomped Tenchi at every occasion 
possible, and Ayeka still pulled her off of him, just to 
allow him to breathe. Kiyone and Mihoshi, who didn't get 
nearly enough attention in this fic, were promoted to some 
place three hundred light years away. Mihoshi crashed their 
ship and they were both killed, and nobody could make it to 
their double funeral.

Kiyone: HEY!

Ahem. They got yet another job, and managed to hold on to 
out, moved out of the Masaki home into their own apartment, 
and visited every chance they could.

Kiyone: Much better.

Sasami and Ryo-Ohki switched bodies, so now Tsunami will 
have to assimilate with a cabbit.

Tsunami: You know, I am a goddess.(Evil glare.)

Oh yeah. Ahem. Forget the Sasami/Ryo-Ohki thing. Sasami 
stayed an overly sweet little girl with blue pigtails, and 
Ryo-Ohki went on a strict carrot-free diet.

Ryo-Ohki: MIYA!?

Fine. Ryo-Ohki went on a strict carrot only diet.

Ryo-Ohki: Miya!

You're welcome. Washu stayed the universe's greatest 
scientific genius. She also reconciled with Ryoko and they 
developed an almost normal mother-daughter relationship. 
Washu still, however, performed experiments on Ryoko.

Ryoko: WHAT!? (Activates beam saber and points it at Chibi-
C.)

But only ones that Ryoko agreed to participate in.

Ryoko: I can live with that. (Puts away sword.)

Tenchi and Tikama also became best friends, and went on 
week-long fishing trips whenever Ayeka or Ryoko or both of 
them went through their "time of the month."

Ayeka: Do you want to die that badly?

Come on, let me have a little fun!

Ayeka: Fine.

Thank you! Let's see.Nobuyoki stayed a pervert, and 
Yosho/Katsuhito still pretty much said nothing except 
"Tenchi, go to the shrine."

Ayeka decided that she didn't want to go back to Jurai, and 
Sasami decided to stay on Earth too. So Asuza just found 
one of the Jurai branch families and got a new heir to the 
throne. Misaki and Funaho came to visit often, and Misaki 
glomped everyone tighter than Ryoko could ever hope to 
glomp Tenchi.

As for Cintrania.

Cintrania: Welcome to McDonald's, can I take your order? 
*Thinking* I hate being mortal.

Am I forgetting anyone? Oh yeah! Anatio came back to life, 
and he turned into a horse.

Anatio: Neigh! Neigh!

Tee-hee. Stupid horse. Well, That's everyone!

OWARI

Author's Notes: Like? No like? E-mail.
Kyinia: Why are you talking like that?
Like? No like? E-mail.
Kyinia: (Sweatdrop.) Chibi-C? Something wrong?
Like? No like? E-mail.
Kyinia: I'm leaving. (Runs away as fast as she can.)
I love doing this kind of stuff to her. (Evil cackle.) MWA-
HA-HA-HA-HA! Anyway, e-mail me feedback at 
Carmel3309@aol.com.
