I don't own any of these charicters except a few of my own creation. If you want 
usage of these charicters, email me. If you have the CD: Everclear, Songs From 
An American Movie Part 1,
Play the song Wonderful while She's talking to San-ohki. Heck, That would be a 
good theme song for the whole thing wouldn't it?

No Need For Family
				Chapter 3: No Need For Sisters

	"San-ohki, I don't get it. If my parents are dead, Aren't I legally the 
Queen?"
	"Well, um... no. You're still too young to be Queen, so you're still the 
only Princess of the time, well except for Ami."
	"Don't mention my stupid little sister again!" Maiaka hissed.
	"Anyway, Until you and your sister are older, Jen gets to play the roll of 
Queen."
	"JEN?! You mean she's going to be Queen!?"
	"Unless you find out a way to get your parents back to life, then yes, 
Jen."
	"San-ohki, your insane."
	"Thank you Princess."San-ohki got that grumpy look she always did.
Maiaka sat down and watched San-ohki chase a butterfly. Earlier she had helped 
Sasami cook breakfast, but didn't have any herself. To her, minutes were like 
hours. Back home, She would be sitting in the palace reading a book, while her 
parents where normally walking around outside in the gardens. But of course, she 
couldn't forget her stupid little sister, Ami, and of course, Jen, the dog of 
wonders. Jen hated Ami as much as Maiaka, maybe more. Jen had always hated 
little kids, which is the only problem she had with Washu, Washu wanted more 
kids!
	"Hey San-ohki, What about my other sister, the cochroach named Ryoko who 
is always picking on me?"
	"Well," San-ohki said, cleaning herself off. "I wouldn't exactly call her 
royal, would you?"
	"No."
	"See my point? She isn't fully royal, and so she had her choice if she 
wanted to have the throne. She didn't, so she isn't counted in the Royalty, just 
skipped."
	"Can we kick Ami out a window?...Oh, sorry."
	"No you can't kick Ami out a window." San-ohki said sternly. A butterfly 
caught her eyes, and she went off.
Normally, Maiaka's older sister, Ryoko, would be finding any possible way to 
make her mad. Maiaka liked her older sister almost better than anyone else. 
	San-ohki was still chasing a butterfly when Maiaka dicided to go do 
something. San-ohki didn't follow until the butterfly had dissapeared. Maiaka 
was watching Sasami and Ryo-ohki run around in a sprinkler when San-ohki joined 
her.
	"Why don't you go join her? You deserve some fun on this trip."
	"I don't think I will. Besides, I don't even have my bathing suit, just a 
wardrobe that pops up when I want it. No bathing suit there."
	"No prob, You know I can teleport items from anywhere."
	"San-ohki, I don't want to! I look horrible in my bathing suit."
	"No such thing."
	"It makes me look fat."
	"It does not, nothing can make an anerexic look fat."
	"Were you talking to me?" Maiaka asked stubbornly. She streched out on the 
trees roots and fell asleep. San-ohki however, jumped on a branch of the tree 
and fell asleep. 


				*******

	A little girl was standing in a black room of her home. She was the only 
one left in her house, for they were all gone when she woke up.
	"I must find my older sister, she needs me! I need to follow her, no 
matter what!" she thought. "Come here Chi-ohki." she called in her soft voice. A 
minature pink cabbit hopped over to her with a worried look. The girl took out a 
pendant that was attached to her necklace. The pendant looked like a pheonix 
that was sitting on a crystal.
	"Golden Pheonix, guide me to my older sister!"

	
	Maiaka must have slept all day, because it was dark when she woke up. She 
tapped San-ohki and started towards the house. When she got there, everyone was 
crowded around the door like they were when she got there. 
	"What's up?" she asked when she got over to Sasami.
	"This girl showed up knocking on the door. She won't tell us anything, not 
even her name or why she's here."
Maiaka teleported to the front of the crowd so she could see what was going on. 
When the little girl saw Maiaka, She ran up and put her arms around her, nearly 
knocking San-ohki off her perch on Maiaka's head. No need for that, Chi-ohki did 
it herself. Maiaka seemed frozen. Everyone was looking at them curiously.
	"I take it you know her, don't you?" Yosho asked Maiaka, who was still 
making odd looks at the girl.
	"Uh...uh..uh...WHAT THE CRAP ARE YOU DOING HERE!?" Maiaka screeched when 
she got her voice back. The girl just blinked, and took a few steps back.  
	"Meow...Meow Meow Moew!!" The pink cabbit tried to say something, but 
nobody could understand it. 
	"I thought I told you to stop following me?" Maiaka said slowly, 
stretching out each word. 
	The little girl just stared. San-ohki had the exact same look on her face 
that Maiaka had on hers. 
	"Ami..." San-ohki growled...
