Title: No Need for Marines.

Author: TLo http://feelthefrequency.virtualave.net

Disclaimer: Yeah yeah yeah, as always I OWN NOTHING BUT THIS PLOT LINE! ALL 
CHARACTERS COPYRIGHTED TO PIONEER/ATC. 

To all you Tenchi fans out there: 	This is just my way of making Tenchi appeal 
to a wider range of readers. I enjoy 					the show. I 
own the movies (on DVD, which I so lovingly play on my spanking new 		
			Playstation 2). I'm a fan, dont get me wrong, I just haven't 
taken  the time to 					really explore the entire Tenchi 
Universe (or whatever the hell you call it). If I 				
	mis-spell something or use something in the wrong context, DONT CHEW MY 
ASS OFF. Just 					enjoy the story for what it offers. If 
you were to put a timeline to this 					        story...just 
say it occurs after Daughter of Darkness {yeah yeah, most of you think 		
			it sucked, but hey, I like it.} (Startica references abound in 
this one folks). Also,                                         I wrote a good 
portion of this story listening to music like Korn, Slipknot and Tool.                                         
Well, thats all for me...enjoy! --- TLO


ONE
-----------
	The windy Japanese country side gleamed in the sunlight. The green stems 
of the carrots flicked and flapped in the chilly breeze. The sound of a hoe 
(garden tool, perverts) could be heard digging into a newly mulched dirt patch. 
A young man, let's say, of about 18 was planting more carrots for a certain 
loveable cabbit. He was humming a song...he didn't know why, but it was quite 
familiar. Where had he heard that tune before? It had to be something important 
or meaningful, otherwise, why was he humming it? He pushed the thought to the 
side and focused on the carrots. Unbeknownst to him, however, a seady character 
was approaching fast behind him.

	"WHATS UP!" yelled a gruff, yet very female voice. The young man jumped, 
grabbing the hoe in defense. He was ready to pounce. "Hahaha, must you let your 
guard down so easily, Tenchi? It's too easy sneaking up on you." "Dammit, Ryoko! 
I'm busy. If you don't wanna help, get the hell out of my carrot patch. I'm 
pissed enough as it is." "By what?" "Nothing." "Tenchi, I know better hon, was 
it that melody you were humming? Sounded like an anthem I've heard before. How 
did it go? Dah DAh DAH, DAH DAh Dah? Quite catchy, don't you think?" "ARGH! 
RYOKO! Leave me alone!" "Tee hee, you look so cute when you're angry. Hmmm, good 
muscles on ya too. D-LICIOUS!" Just then, out of the other side of the patch 
"Lord Tenchi! Lord Tenchi!" Ryoko turned in the voices direction and she 
mumbled, "Oh looks like the world's biggest hussey is back, see ya later, babe." 
Tenchi frowned and dropped the hoe. "Miss Ayeka, need some help with those 
bags?" "No.....quite....humph.....fine....argh....thank..you..though." "Here, 
let me take this heavy one....ack....there..we go. Lets get back to the house. 
Sasami should have us some feast cooked up for lunch."

	A moment upon entering the doorway to the Masaki house, Tenchi was 
bombarded with various hugs and kisses from the other girls. Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Mayuka, and Washu started chattering about something. Tenchi was too confused to 
know what they were talking about. Ryoko appeared behind him. "Uh...Tenchi, what 
the hell are they talking about?" "Heck if I know, Ryoko," he replied. Yosho 
came from the kitchen and said loudly, "OK PEOPLE. LUNCH IS SERVED." As if these 
words contained the meaning of life, the girls, including Ryoko, ran to the 
dining room.

	After laying the grocery bags on the counter, Tenchi sat down. A varitable 
feast lay before him; however, the girls had made a pretty messy job of it. He 
served himself to some noodles and beef. Finally, he asked what all the 
commotion was about earlier. Mayuka replied, "It's this thing that landed near 
the Shrine. It's all silver and it really smells bad." "I think its an escape 
pod, Tenchi," Washu added. "An escape pod? Where would it have come from?", 
Tenchi asked. "Well, Yosho and I inspected it. The Hatch was gone, hinting that 
whatever was in it is possibly on it's way here or in the woods near the shrine. 
The pod was hot, pointing towards an earth entry from space. I'm praying-" 
Tenchi interupted with "Just what we need, another thing to fight." "Tenchi," 
Yosho said, "the pod has a NASA logo on it. The words 'INSS Prison' are written 
under that. INSS, you see, is the International Space Station. This could just 
be a prisoner who escaped. Quite an easy task compared to what we've battled in 
the past. Who knows, maybe he has a bounty on his head." "Shouldn't Mihoshi and 
Kiyone handle this?", Ryoko blurted. "'The Galaxy Police, under provision 326, 
shall not interfere with any escapee coming from Russia, Saudi Arabia, North 
America, or any of their space station's prisons. Any intervention will result 
in immediate demotation and/or suspension.'", Kiyone recited. "Oh, god I really 
asked for that one," Ryoko grumbled. "Let me see this pod," said Tenchi. 

TWO
-----------
	"It's never gonna work. You can't fight magic with a sniper rifle. It's 
fucking suicide man!" "I really don't care. I do what I'm ordered, and no petty 
theif will tell me otherwise." "Fuck you too then, bitch. Ain't my life." 
"REPEAT THAT, ass hole!" "You heard me. Go ahead, I'm dead anyway." The 
mysterious sniper raises his Colt 1911 Custom and witnesses the muzzle flash. 

	"AHHHHH. Oh...god, just....(sigh)...dream." Major Biggs sat up, not 
blinking. He heard conversation in the air. "Those damn meddlers are back. Shit, 
how am I gonna get out of this." He heard a young man's voice saying "Ah, so 
this is it. Must be either a small guy or an animal. How could human possibly 
fit into this?" Biggs scoffed at the boys incompetence. He felt like yelling out 
"It's half buried in dirt, you fucking idiot!", but this would give away his 
position and he didn't like that red-haired woman. She's too nosey for her own 
damn good. A great candidate for a target. He shook off these thoughts. He had 
to reach Tokyo. It's the only city for miles and he needed medical attention. 
Then it hit him like a kick in the face, literally.

	"I think," said Yosho, "we have our prisoner." He came out of the forest 
with a stout, wideshouldered man with a serious 5 o'clock shadow. "Not to much 
of a fighter, he is wounded, though. Just get him to your lab, Washu. And while 
you fix 'em up, run some tests." Washu responded with only a nod, and grabbed 
the soldier. In seconds, they were transported to the lab.

THREE
----------- 

	"Hmmmm...interesting. You've survived some serious trouble, soldier. And, 
I think, you'll get over that whole kick thing." Washu laughed, looking at the 
man who is the first person to be longer than her exam table. "6'3 with muscles 
to boot. If only you weren't a wanted man." She stroked his wide chest with her 
index finger. The soldier moaned, "Wakey, wakey" whispered Washu. "Gotta make an 
exit." she said and walked out from under the stairs.

	Biggs woke up in a strange place. No floor, ceiling, or any signs of life. 
"I must have a concussion," remarked Biggs. He saw a wooden door about 500 foot 
in front of him. "Hmmm...wonder where that goes..." he thought. He approached 
the door and put his ear against it. Nothing. He slowly turned the knob and 
eased the door outward. What he witnessed was both shocking and funny. A spikey-
haired woman, the hair color was light blue from what Biggs could make out in 
the blur, and a dark purple haired girl in a kimono chasing after the spike-
haired girl. The purple haired one was yelling something about "He's mine 
Ryoko!". Immediately Biggs jumped behind the staircase, in his normal hiding 
stance; back against the wall, head pointing to the right. An old man was 
walking down the stairs, but stopped. 

	"You can stop hiding now, your safe." he said to Biggs. "What the-", Biggs 
was interupted. "Yes, looks like Washu got you bandaged up good. Well, whats 
your name and why did you choose to land at my shrine's footsteps?" Biggs got up 
from the wall and walked towards the foot of the stairs. He swallowed hard and 
said "Well, I am Sergeant William Biggs of the U.S. Marines. ID number 1-3-0-
niner(1309). My current age is 29 and my current assignment- my FORMER 
assignment was to assasainate Headmaster Valdur of Newfounded U.S.S.R. However, 
I was interupted-" Yosho interupted, "Yes, I assume that prison pod has 
something to do with it. Well, here at the Masaki house, we don't judge. We've 
got plenty of room. You may stay here if you wish. I warn you though, this place 
can get hectic." Biggs nodded and asked, "May I get a briefing on the current 
members of this house-hold?" "Well, William.-" "Please, call me Biggs. That's 
what everyone calls me." "Ok, Biggs. Well, My grandson's name is Tenchi. He's 
the only other male in the house besides my son-in-law. The Dark Blue haired 
girl is Kiyone of Galaxy police. Her partner is the blonde haired Mihoshi. Ryoko 
is the light blue-gray haired woman. Watch out for her, shes full of surprises. 
The young girl with long light blue hair in pigtails is Sasami. Shes the cook. 
Very good one at that. And finally the "coup de gra". Ayeka is the young Jurian 
PRINCESS who is very reserved. Don't expect much chit-chat from her. That should 
do the introductions. Sasami is cooking dinner now, if you'd like to introduce 
yourself, go right ahead.
	
FOUR
-----------

	Biggs did not like to put on his soft side, but if he was to adopt to this 
lifestyle for awhile, he'd need to. Women usually don't go for the gruff, hard, 
and very expletive Soldier Biggs. So in a woman's presence he put on the side of 
his personality that was usually reserved for Military Socials. These people 
didn't have to know how he really was. How he had numbed the pain of killing 
long ago. How he had witnessed his best friend and spotter be tortured to death, 
and of how he tortured that POW Camp Master. No, they wouldn't see that sides of 
Biggs. 

	Biggs glanced out of a window. Three of the girls were swimming while the 
boy was sitting there, blushing at what the girls were telling him. Biggs 
thought, "Whats with these girls? Neon hair? Wonder where they're from..." Biggs 
began to flash back to the day he was caught.

								***

	"TENCHI! OH TENCHI!" Ryoko yelled. "Come over here, big boy. Lookie at my 
new Bikini! Isn't it cute?" "Uhh....heh....uhh...y y yeah Ryoko. Sure is. Hehe." 
Tenchi smiled, while scratching the back of his head. "Aw, you do love me don't 
you?" Ryoko replied. Tenchi only smiled. Just then Yosho entered the pool area. 

	"Ok people. The prisoner is alive and well, he's exploring the house as we 
speak." Ryoko looked at Yosho with murderous intent. "Now, now, Ryoko," Yosho 
assured, "he's harmless, think. He sounds sincere enough anyway. Ok. Now I won't 
you to treat this man with the same respect as you do me and Tenchi's father. I 
would devulge his name and age, but I think I'll let him introduce himself to 
you." Tenchi walked towards Yosho. "Where is this guy? I want to meet him. Let's 
just see how sincere this guy is." Yosho replied, "Ok. Tenchi. But, you'll have 
to find him yourself. An old man needs his sleep." and with that Yosho left the 
pool. 

	Mayuka called out to Sasami "Is dinner ready yet?" Sasami replied "A few 
more minutes!" Ayeka laughed and said "Is eating all you think about, Mayuka? 
Haha." "No, I think about my daddy alot too!" Ryoko turned red. "HOW MANY TIMES 
DO WE HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT TENCHI IS NOT YOUR FATHER? I THOUGHT YOU REALIZED 
THAT WHEN WE CLONED YOU!!!" "I know, I just like to make you angry, hehe." 
Mayuka replied. "(Sigh)...I give up, I'm going to take a bath." Ryoko said, 
showing tired sighs in her voice. Ayeka laughed and walked into the kitchen.

FIVE
-----------
Coming soon as I like...uhh...yeah. :) Damn band taking up all my time. I'll 
post the next four chapters when I have time. ---TLo	
	



	
