
Tenchi Muyo: No Need for the Past (part 2 of 4)
	
	
	It was a clear and sunny day at the Masaki residence.  "Looks like another 
beautiful day," said Kamidake from his usual post.
	"Yes indeed.  Beautiful and peaceful," replied Azaka from his post.
	Peaceful in the way that only applies to wars and the Masaki household.  
"Lord Tenchi does not need to see your bloodshot eyes first thing in the 
morning!  I demand that you stop entering his room without his permission!" 
Ayeka yelled to Ryoko who was only a foot away.
	"Just because you're not willing to show your true feelings towards Tenchi 
is no reason to be jealous," taunted Ryoko.
	"Jealous?  I'll show you my true feelings!" Ayeka shouted back, forming 
power logs around Ryoko.  But Ryoko was too quick and leapt at Ayeka.  The 
hallway that they were fighting in did not lend them much room, and they both 
fell over in a big heap.  Ryoko pinned Ayeka down with a triumphant cry.
	"You can never beat me Princess.  So why don't you just give up and leave 
Tenchi to me?" taunted Ryoko again, firmly pinning Ayeka to the ground.
	"Girls, girls.  If you are going to fight please do it outside.  I don't 
want to repair anything today," said Tenchi as he walked out of the bathroom in 
front of the two.
	"Oh Tenchi!  We weren't fighting.  I already won!" replied Ryoko with an 
innocent smile.
	"Oh no you haven't!"  The second that Ryoko wasn't paying attention to 
Ayeka was enough for her to raise her force field, effectively pushing Ryoko off 
of her with a crackle of electricity.
	"Girls please!  Stop fighting," said Tenchi to deaf ears.  "At least take 
it outside."
	"We'll see about that," shouted Ryoko as she charged Ayeka.  She created a 
large ball of energy and threw it at Ayeka.  Ayeka's force field held, but the 
force of the blast sent her flying down the hall.
	"You will have to do better than that," grunted Ayeka as she got up.
	"I said outside!" shouted a distraught Tenchi, hoping that they wouldn't 
destroy the hallway.
	"If that's what you want Tenchi," Ryoko said with a smile.  She suddenly 
teleported next to Tenchi, grabbed him and teleported again, leaving a fuming 
Ayeka standing in the hall.
	"Ryoko!" screamed Ayeka and she stormed down the stairs and out the front 
door.  Outside, she found Ryoko hugging Tenchi and trying to get a kiss from 
him.
	"Come on Tenchi.  I know you want to,' pleaded Ryoko.
	"Ryoko.  Leave Lord Tenchi alone.  He does not want your mummy lips all 
over him," screamed Ayeka as she powered up again.
	"How do you know Princess?  Has he ever kissed you?" taunted Ryoko as she 
powered up as well, letting go of Tenchi.
	"I am not a woman of loose morals, unlike some monster woman I know.  I do 
not kiss and tell."  Ayeka powered up some more, materializing power logs around 
her.
	"That's because you have nothing to tell," Ryoko spit back at her.
	<I better get out of here before I get fried,> thought Tenchi to himself.  
Without the girls noticing, he slipped away and headed for the fields.

	In the middle of the forest, a black portal appeared.  Out stepped Hakubi 
and the portal vanished behind him.  <Hmm.  Looks like Earth.  This area seems 
familiar.>  Hakubi looked around some more and walked over to a clearing.  From 
that clearing he had a view of the whole valley.  Looking downwards he saw a 
large lake with a house near it.  <That's our home!  But it looks a lot 
smaller.>
	"OK Rye-Ohki, we have to find the others.  I think it'll be faster if we 
split up.  I'm going to head to the house while you check out the shrine and 
fields.  Kain is somewhere around here and if you find him, call me."
	'Got it,' replied Rye-Ohki with a meow and hopped off his shoulder, 
towards the forest.
	"If you see anyone else call me as well."
	'No problem, good luck.'  With that last thought Rye-Ohki disappeared 
under the brush.
	<I wonder what I am going to say when I meet my grandparents?  'Hi, I'm 
your grandson from the future sent back through time to stop a super-powered 
criminal who is trying to kill you so that he can rule the universe in my time.'  
They'll think I'm nuts,> thought Hakubi to himself as he started to walk to the 
house.  <And I don't think it would be best if they knew about their future.  
I'm here to set things back to the way they were, not change it even more.  I 
better not tell them too much.>

	Rye-Ohki hopped though the forest, looking at all the big trees.  <Wow, 
look at all these trees.  I wonder if I could talk to them?>  Rye-Ohki hopped 
towards a tree when a scent caught his attention.  <What's that?  Smells like it 
would be a tasty snack.  Let's go find out.>  Rye-Ohki followed the smell until 
he came to the edge of the forest.  <Wow, look at all the flat land.  That smell 
is coming from those plants in the ground in front of me.  I think I'll dig one 
up.>
	"I wish the girls would stop fighting.  It's not solving anything.  But if 
I make a choice between them, who knows what damage I would cause?  I just can't 
decide anyway," said Tenchi to himself as he tilled the fields.  A little 
scratching sound diverted his attention from his thoughts.  It sounded like 
someone was digging.
	"Ryo-Ohki, how many times do I have to tell you that you can't dig up the 
carrots until I say their ready?" Tenchi said has he turned towards the digging 
sound.
	<Oh boy, I'm in trouble now!  Hakubi is going to be pissed at me.  I 
should have seen him before I went for the plant.> Rye-Ohki thought to himself 
as he saw Tenchi turn around towards him.
	'Hakubi, I found some one!  What should I do?  He's coming towards me!' 
Rye-Ohki practically screamed through the mental link.
	'Calm down.  Is it Kain?' thought back Hakubi who stopped his walk to the 
house.
	'No it's not Kain, but he seems to be mad at me.'
	'Let me see who it is.' Hakubi concentrated on their mental link and began 
to see through Rye-Ohki's eyes.  'Don't worry, it's only Grandpa.  Wow, he looks 
so young.  I'm heading to you right know, keep him there.'  Hakubi turned around 
and ran towards Rye-Ohki, feeling for the direction by heading towards the 
presence of Rye-Ohki's mind.  <This mental link thingy is pretty handy.>
	Tenchi turned around to see a small black and white cabbit next to a half-
exposed carrot.  As he got closer two purple eyes and a deep blue gem became 
visible.  "You're not Ryo-Ohki!" exclaimed Tenchi stopping in his tracks, not 
wanting to scare the new cabbit away.  "Who are you little guy?" asked Tenchi as 
he got down on his knees and picked up a carrot.  "You want one of these don't 
you?" said Tenchi and he offered the carrot to the new cabbit.  Not afraid 
anymore, Rye-Ohki hopped up to Tenchi and took a little bite out of the carrot.
	<Wow!  What a wonderful taste.  How could something so good exist?>  Rye-
Ohki immediately took a big bite out of the carrot and started to purr.
	"Just like Ryo-Ohki.  Can't live without carrots," said Tenchi as he 
watched the cabbit devour the carrot.  "I wonder where you came from?  It's not 
like cabbits are native around here."
	<That was so delicious.  I hope Hakubi will give me more of these!> 
thought Rye-Ohki to himself as he finished the carrot.  All of a sudden, a dark 
presence caught his attention.  He looked up to see a white mask floating behind 
Tenchi and started the hiss.
	'Crap!  Hakubi, Kain is here!'
	'I'm almost there, hang on!'
	"What the?" Tenchi backed away from the suddenly mad cabbit, "What did I 
do?"
	"Aw, isn't that sweet.  A boy feeding a poor woodland creature.  Too bad 
I'm going to have to destroy you!" a booming voice came from behind Tenchi.
	Tenchi spun around and saw the white face in front of him.  He reached for 
the Tenchi-ken at his belt to realize that he left it in his bag at the edge of 
the field, only a few feet away.  "Who are you?  What do you want with me?" 
demanded Tenchi trying not to look afraid.  
	"It doesn't matter who I am, just that you are going to die."  Kain lunged 
at Tenchi with spears of energy, only to be blasted away at the last second by a 
large bolt of purple energy.
	"Kain!" yelled Hakubi as he burst out of the forest onto the field in his 
Juraian battle armor.
	Tenchi froze in shock.  <First this crazy character pops out of nowhere 
and tries to kill me.  And now I'm saved by another strange character with funky 
hair and dressed in Juraian battle armor.  What the hell is going on?>
	"Jurai!  How did you get here?  Not matter, you will just have to die with 
the rest of them."  Kain then sent another blast of energy towards Tenchi's 
head.  Tenchi dodged the blast and ran to his bag to get the Tenchi-ken.
	"You're not going to get away that easily," laughed Kain as he sent a 
large ball of energy towards Tenchi's back.
	Hakubi leapt for his Grandfather and pulled him away from the ball.  The 
energy sailed over their heads, impacting the ground a few feet behind them, 
leaving a huge crater.  Tenchi quickly got up and lunged for his bag and pulled 
out the Tenchi-ken as Kain readied another attack.  But before Tenchi could turn 
around to face Kain, Hakubi was already attacking.  With a purple energy sword 
in his right hand, he jumped at the white face and brought his sword down.  Kain 
disappeared right before he would have been cut in half and reappeared next to 
Tenchi.
	"Will you just DIE already!" yelled Kain and sent another energy attack at 
Tenchi.  This time Tenchi was ready and caught the blast with the Tenchi-ken, 
but the force of it was enough to throw him back a few yards.
	"Kain, you are MINE!" yelled Hakubi as he sent a hail of purple energy at 
Kain while flying towards him at incredible speed.  Tenchi looked up from where 
he landed, and gasped in awe at the fight he saw in front of him.  Hakubi was 
weaving around Kain's attacks, swinging his energy sword with his right hand and 
shooting beams of purple energy with his left.  <Damn!  He can fight.  He fights 
with energy like Ryoko but handles his sword with skill that can match Grandpa!>  
Hakubi launched another beam of energy at Kain and then threw his sword at him, 
only to miss by a hair.  He quickly brought both his hands together to create a 
large ball of purple energy.  In a blink of an eye, a huge beam of energy shot 
from his hands towards Kain.  Kain vanished again letting the beam pass through 
where his forehead would have been.  The beam continued forward to strike a 
small hill, leveling it.  <There is something familiar with the way he fights.  
Something strange in going on.>
	Kain reappeared above them, twenty feet in the air.  "We will meet again 
Jurai!  You can't be everywhere! Ha Ha Ha..." Kain vanished again and the dark 
presence disappeared with him.  
	"Meow meow meow!" cried Rye-Ohki as he jumped up to Hakubi's shoulder.  
'I'm all right.  Don't worry,' thought back Hakubi as he petted the cabbit.  
	"It looks like Kain is gone," said Hakubi, walking over to Tenchi who was 
still sitting on the ground.
	"Where did you learn to fight like that?  And what did he mean by being 
everywhere?" asked Tenchi as he accepted Hakubi's help getting up.
	"Oh no!  The others," said Hakubi, his voice dropping.
	"What do you mean the others?  Ayeka and Sasami?" asked Tenchi, clearly 
frustrated at the whole situation.
	"We have to get to them fast, come on."  Hakubi grabbed Tenchi's arm and 
they all disappeared.  They reappeared in front the Masaki house with a 
surprised cry of, "What the...?" from Tenchi.  Tenchi looked around once, 
understanding that the strange man had teleported them there, and rushed into 
the house.
	He burst through the door and found everyone listening to Mihoshi sing 
with the karaoke.  "Tenchi!  You back just in time for lunch!" Mihoshi said 
cheerfully.  The rest of the group turned around, looking at the worried Tenchi.
	"Is there something wrong Tenchi?" asked Ryoko as she materialized next to 
him.  "If it is about the fight this morning, I'm sorry.  Ayeka started it 
anyways."
	"No it's not about that," said Tenchi quickly, cutting off the reply from 
Ayeka that would most likely cause another fight.  "I was attacked in the fields 
by some guy named Kain.  And this other guy showed up and fought him away.  We 
thought Kain might be coming here, but it looks like he didn't."  Ryoko and 
Ayeka's faces both went pale and then red with anger.  
	"Don't worry, Kain's not here," said Hakubi who was standing behind 
Tenchi.
	"And who are you?" asked Ryoko in a threatening tone and teleported next 
to Hakubi.
	Hakubi flinched and thought, <She looks a little younger and wears her 
hair differently.  Going for more of the wild look I guess.  This is weird.>  
"My name is ..." Hakubi looked around trying to think of a new name so he won't 
give away the future.  He saw a familiar looking little girl with blue hair 
standing at the door of the kitchen, wearing an apron with a big carrot on it, 
and Ryo-Ohki was sitting on her head, "...Car Rote."  Ryoko was not impressed 
and continued to study Hakubi.  Faster than the eye can see, she deftly removed 
Hakubi's wallet from his tunic and hid it in her dress.
	'He, he, good one Car!' thought Rye-Ohki, laughing mentally.
	"And who is this cute little guy?" asked Mihoshi as she tried to get a 
look at Rye-Ohki who was hiding behind Hakubi's head.  She still had the 
microphone in her hand.
	"This is Carry-Ohki," said Hakubi, picking up Rye-Ohki.  'How do you like 
your name?'
	"Oh what an adorable name!" cried Mihoshi as she dropped the microphone 
and grabbed the cabbit to hug it.
	'Ah! Get it off!  Get it off!' thought Rye-Ohki within a stream of meows.
	'Don't worry, she's harmless,' Hakubi thought back, laughing.  Rye-Ohki 
meowed in defeat and let Mihoshi pet him.  <Mihoshi hasn't really changed.  
Kiyone looks like she's stressed out about something.>
	"My name is Tenchi," said Tenchi, bowing, "that is Ryoko next to you and 
these two are Galaxy Police detectives Mihoshi and Kiyone."  Tenchi waved at the 
pair and Kiyone bowed.  Mihoshi was too caught up with Rye-Ohki to notice.  
"This is Princess Ayeka and Sasami of Jurai."  Tenchi motioned to the girls and 
Hakubi bowed deeply.  <Ayeka hasn't changed much either,> Hakubi thought to 
himself.
	"It is nice to meet you," said Ayeka as she bowed back.  "Are you from 
Jurai?  You seem to be wearing Juraian battle armor."
	"Um, yes I am.  I am part of the Elite Juraian Royal Guard.  I was sent to 
capture Kain and he led me here," replied Hakubi, hoping that his story would 
hold up.
	"Elite Royal Guard?  I never heard of them before," replied Ayeka in a 
suspicious tone.
	"We are a secret organization, known only to the Emperor," answered Hakubi 
starting to sweat.  <There really is no elite royal guard.  I hope she buys it.>
	While this conversation was taking place, Sasami had her own conversation 
with Tsunami.  'I have a funny feeling about this guy.  Do you feel it too?'  
	'Yes I do.  It feels as if he is a part of me.  As if...'
	'As if what?'
	'Nothing, I was just thinking about some possibilities.  You can trust 
him, I am sure, he means us no harm.'
 	"Is that so?  Known only to the Emperor?" asked Ayeka, getting more 
suspicious every second.
	"Yes.  That is correct, your Highness.  We operate covertly outside of the 
palace to protect the royal family," answered Hakubi, starting to sweat even 
more.
	"Well I believe him!" exclaimed Sasami as she walked up to Hakubi and 
bowed.  "It is nice to meet you.  This is Ryo-Ohki," said Sasami and she pointed 
to the cabbit on her head.
	"What?  How can you be sure?"
	"Well, he did rescue Tenchi, and Tsunami told me he's OK."
	"Well I..." stuttered Ayeka, she could not think of anything to say that 
would counter Tsunami.
	"It is an honor to meet you Princess Sasami," said Hakubi to Sasami, 
bowing deeper than before.  <So this is my mother.  I must have gone back very 
far in time.>
	"Miya!" cried a happy Ryo-Ohki as she jumped off of Sasami's head and 
hopped to Rye-Ohki who was still being hugged by Mihoshi.
	"Miya, miya!"  (activating Cabbit to English translator.)  "Hi.  My name 
is Ryo-Ohki, what is yours?" mewed Ryo-Ohki to a struggling Rye-Ohki.
	"I'm Rye-Ohki.  Can you get her to let me go?" replied Rye-Ohki.
	"Rye-Ohki?  I thought he said your name was Carry-Ohki?" asked a puzzled 
Ryo-Ohki.
	"If you knew my name already, why did you ask?" Rye-Ohki snapped back.
	'Hey!  Be nice.  You are based on her you know.  And don't tell her 
anything, else Ryoko may find out,' thought Hakubi to his cabbit.
	'Fine, Car.' Rye-Ohki thought back.  "I'm sorry I snapped at you, it's 
just that I really want to get away from her," mewed Rye-Ohki to Ryo-Ohki, still 
trying unsuccessfully to escape Mihoshi's grasp.
	"I'll get you out if you tell me what's going on."
	"My real name is Rye-Ohki, he is just playing around with you guys, 
calling me Carry-Ohki.  I really can't tell you anything else.  His orders."
	"Alright.  Let's go get some carrots!" mewed Ryo-Ohki and she transformed 
into her humanoid form with a pop.  She would not go against Ryoko's orders, and 
she knew that it would be useless to try to get Rye-Ohki to go against Hakubi's.  
She went up to Mihoshi and gestured that she wanted to hold Rye-Ohki.  Mihoshi 
gave him to her and Ryo-Ohki quickly turned around and walked back to the 
kitchen.
	"Aw.  Aren't they cute together?  I think Ryo-Ohki likes him," said 
Mihoshi as she watched them walk away.  No one was listening to her.
	"So who is this Kain guy?" asked Kiyone in a serious tone.
	"Kain is an A-1 class criminal who escaped his prison in subspace," 
answered Hakubi, happy to talking about something else.  "He thrives where there 
is no Juraian energy, so he came here to kill the royal family.  With the most 
powerful Juraians out of the way, he can easily take over the universe, if he 
doesn't destroy it first."
	"Well Mihoshi and I are late for our patrol.  We'll look for this guy when 
we get to our ship," replied Kiyone.  She turned towards her partner and grabbed 
her wrist.  "I came here to get you, so let's go."
	"It would be best if you do not go anywhere in your starship till Kain is 
caught," said Hakubi hurriedly, remembering that they had died in a starship 
accident when Kain had went back in time.
	"Why not?  We are Galaxy Police officers, danger is our job," replied 
Mihoshi with her usual cheeriness.
	"Because you'll be killed," Hakubi blurted out.
	"Don't worry we can handle it."
	"No you can't.  If you leave here, I you will definitely be killed!"
	"How can you be sure of that?" Kiyone asked, not quite trusting Hakubi.
	"Because Kain hates the GP as much as he hates Jurai.  He will destroy 
your ship the moment he sees it.  You do not stand a chance against him," 
answered Hakubi, starting to sweat again.
	"Well OK.  We'll just stay here then," Mihoshi replied without a care in 
the world.
	"If you think he is that strong, then I guess it would be best if we 
helped you guard the Royal Family here," said Kiyone, not that convinced, but 
deciding to play along till she got more information about this Car character.
	"Thank you for trusting me," said a relieved Hakubi.  
	He felt a tug on the back of his tunic and heard a high-pitched voice say, 
"You're new around here.  Do you want to be my guinea pig?"
	He turned around and saw nothing.  He looked down and found a green eyed, 
little girl with a lot of red hair.  "Ms. Washu!  You're so... little," said 
Hakubi in a puzzled voice.  He had never seen Washu in her chan form before.
	"Of course I am.  That is why they call me Little Washu!" said Washu as 
she struck a pose.  "And how do you know who I am?  I have never met you."
	"Um, everyone knows the greatest scientific genius in the universe," 
replied Hakubi with a big sweat bead forming on his head.
	"Of course they do!" said Washu triumphantly.  "And where did he come 
from?" Washu pointed at Rye-Ohki, who was eating a carrot in the kitchen with 
Ryo-Ohki.
	"Well, um, Ryo-Ohki became so popular when she attacked Jurai, a scientist 
searched for your old notes and created a copy of her.  He owed me a favor, so 
he is mine now."
	"Is that so?" asked Washu, "I'm flattered that someone would want to copy 
my work.  I should have copyrighted her."  Everyone face faulted.  Hakubi was 
glad that the younger Washu had an even bigger ego that the Washu he knew, it 
made it that much easier for him to hide the truth.
	"Lunch is ready everyone," shouted Sasami from the kitchen.
	"Great, I'm starved," replied Tenchi, "You are welcome to join us of 
course," he said to Hakubi.
	"Thank you," Hakubi replied.  The whole group walked to the dining room, 
but Ayeka and Ryoko stayed behind.  With his back turned, Washu grabbed a few 
strands of loose hair from Hakubi.
	"I don't trust him," Ayeka said to Ryoko.
	"For once Princess, I agree with you.  He's hiding something."  Ryoko 
didn't bother to wait for a reply and teleported to the dining table to take her 
seat next to Tenchi.  Ayeka walked in a second later and took her seat on the 
other side of Tenchi.  Sasami then came in carrying a big tray of food and set 
it down in the middle of the table.
	"This looks great Sasami," said Tenchi.
	"Yes, it certainly is, your Highness," said Hakubi.  He knew his mother 
was a good cook, but she never had any time to cook for them anymore, with her 
always going off to meet with dignitaries and such.
	"Thank you.  Now lets eat before it gets cold."  The group started to eat 
in peace for once.  They were all lost in their thoughts.
	"How are you going to capture Kain?" Kiyone spoke up.
	"I really don't know," replied Hakubi a bit embarrassed, as everyone face 
faulted.  "I really can't track him down.  But since he wants to eliminate the 
Royal Family, I guess I will stay here and let him come to me."
	"A good plan.  I hope you are strong enough to defeat this Kain," said 
Grandpa Yosho as he walked into the dining room.  "If you plan to stay here, 
Tenchi will show you a room you can stay in."
	"Alright Grandpa," said Tenchi and he introduced him to Hakubi.
	"Elite Royal Guard eh?" Yosho said, "I assume only the Emperor knows about 
you?"
	"Yes that is correct," replied Hakubi, knowing that would be near 
impossible to trick his great grandfather.
	"Very well.  Tenchi will show you to your room after lunch."  Yosho turned 
back to his food and said no more.  Hakubi was relieved that Yosho dropped the 
subject and lunch ended quietly.  After the table was cleared, Tenchi led Hakubi 
to one of the guest rooms.  
	"If you want to use the bath, tell me and I'll show you how to get there," 
said Tenchi.  "I have some work to do, I'll see you at dinner time."
	"That is fine by me, as long as you carry the Tenchi-ken with you at all 
times."
	"Don't worry, I got it."  Tenchi turned and walked out the door.  Hakubi 
looked around the nicely furnished room and sat down on the bed.  
	<What am I doing here?> Hakubi thought to himself.
	"Hey, Tenchi!" Hakubi called out, "Wait for me!"  Hakubi jumped off the 
bed and went after his young grandfather.

	High on the roof, Ryoko materialized without a sound.  After checking that 
she was alone, she pulled out Hakubi's wallet.  <Now we'll see who you really 
are!>  She opened the wallet and flipped through it.  <Hmm, some Juraian bills, 
some Japanese yen, and no ID.>  Ryoko checked all the pockets again for some 
type of identification.  In a pocket she had missed the first time she found a 
picture instead.  <What have we here?>  It was a picture of the whole family in 
front of Funaho.  Hakubi was only a little boy at the time and was being held by 
his father.  Achika was also in the photo and was hanging onto her father, 
Tenchi.  <What is this?>  Ryoko examined the photo more closely.  <That's us!  
But who are all these other people?  Is that Tsunami?  Wait, that's Sasami!  And 
why is Washu an adult?  That man has some explaining to do!>  Ryoko crumpled the 
photo in her hand and teleported off the roof.

	It was near dinnertime when she finally found Hakubi.  He had been out in 
the fields with Tenchi.  Hakubi had just entered his room and started to change 
when Ryoko phased down through the ceiling.
	"I have a few questions for you, and you better have some good answers."
	"Alright, what do you want to know?" asked Hakubi.
	"Who are you?" asked Ryoko and she showed Hakubi the photo.
	"What!  How did you..." Hakubi checked his pockets for his wallet to no 
avail.
	"What is the meaning of this?  Who are these people and who is that girl 
hanging onto to Tenchi?" Asked Ryoko, getting angrier every second.
	<I've been here less than a day and I've already blown my cover.  I better 
think of some lie fast,> Hakubi thought to himself.
	"They're, um, friends of the family." 
	Ryoko wasn't impressed.  "Is that so?  And whose friends would they be?  
Mine or Tsunami's?" Ryoko asked as she pointed out the adult Sasami.
	"Um..."
	"Spit it out!"
	"Fine," said Hakubi as he thought to himself, <I will tell her just enough 
for her to get off my case and no more.>  "Yes that is Tsunami, or Sasami as you 
know her.  Kain and I are from the future.  Kain is a lot more powerful that I 
let on.  So powerful that he can travel through time with ease.  He escaped his 
prison in my time, your future, and attacked the Royal Family.  They were too 
strong for him so he decided to go back in time to kill them before they 
mastered their powers.  I was sent back to stop him by any means necessary.  
That photo was given to me so I could identify the family when I got here."
	"From the future?"  Ryoko looked at the photo again, everyone did look 
older.  "Tell me more."
	"I told you everything I know," said Hakubi, starting to sweat again.
	"You're a horrible liar," said Ryoko, not looking away from the photo.
	"Isn't it enough that Tenchi trusts me?"
	"Tenchi's too innocent.  He'll trust almost anyone."
	"What about Tsunami?"  
	"I never really trusted her either.  If Kain is as powerful as you make 
him to be, you better tell me everything."
	Hakubi shook his head and reached for the photo. Ryoko stood back and 
point her hands at Hakubi.  "Tell me or I will blow you away right where you 
stand."
	Hakubi thought of what the consequences would be if he told her.  He 
decided that he didn't like it.  "No, we shouldn't be fighting.  You should be 
protecting Tenchi and not watching over me."
	"I'll protect him once I'm through with you!"  Ryoko threw a ball of 
energy at Hakubi.  He caught it with his right hand and threw it back, hitting 
the photo.  In a puff of smoke, the photo disintegrated.  
	"I can't tell you any more.  I already put my mission in jeopardy by 
letting you see that picture," replied Hakubi to a shocked Ryoko.  "If I tell 
you what you want to know, the future will be changed.  I can't risk that.  I am 
here to get Kain and that is all.  Once Kain is gone, I'll tell you everything.  
How about that?"
	Ryoko considered the idea for a moment.  "I still don't trust you.  You 
better watch you back."  With that, she teleported away before Hakubi could 
reply.
	"Is that a yes?" Hakubi said to the empty room.

	Down in Washu's lab, a little scientist was working very hard.
	"Finally!  The genetic sequencer has finished its analysis.  This guy must 
have a complicated set of DNA for the computer to take this long," said Washu as 
she looked at her computer, reading the information streaming across it.  "Hmm.  
Let's see what he's made of.  We got a lot of Juraian.  That's to be expected.  
Some Terran.  That is interesting.  So Yosho and Azusa aren't the only one's to 
have a fling with an Earthling.  And some of Ryoko.  What!?  Ryoko!?"  Washu 
stopped the stream of data and scrolled back.  "That is Ryoko's DNA alright, 
some of the masses and me."  Washu scrolled back some more.  "Just as I 
expected.  The Terran portion of his DNA is from Tenchi.  That would mean that 
he has some Juraian royal sequences."  Washu scrolled back some more.  "Yep 
there they are.  But this sequence is very similar to Ayeka and Sasami.  It is 
too close of a match to be anyone else, but there is something strange in this 
sequence."  Washu highlighted a few lines of code.  "I wonder where this came 
from?  Who made you, Car Rote and what are you doing here?" Washu asked herself, 
pondering the possibilities.
	"Little Washu, it is time for dinner," said Sasami as she entered the lab.
	"Ah, just the person I wanted to see.  Can you let me talk to Tsunami?"
	"Well, OK.  But make it quick, dinner will get cold."
	"Alright Sasami.  I just want to ask her a few questions," replied Washu.  
Sasami closed her eyes and the mark on her forehead disappeared, replaced by two 
glowing dots.
	"What is it you wanted to ask me Washu?" asked Tsunami speaking through 
Sasami.
	"What do you know about this Car Rote?"
	"Not much.  Only that he can be trusted and that is mission must succeed."
	"Do you know who he is related to?" asked Washu, knowing that Tsunami was 
hiding something from her.
	"I have an idea," answered Tsunami, smiling through Sasami.  "I think it 
would be best for all of us if we did not press too much."
	"Come on, it never hurt gain knowledge."
	"This time I think knowing too much may be dangerous.  I think it would be 
to our benefit if you deleted all the data you have on this man and forget this 
ever happened." 
	"It's that important huh?" ask Washu, shaking her head in disbelief.
	"Yes it is.  Now lets go eat the wonderful meal Sasami prepared for us."
	"Alright.  This never happened."  Sasami's eyes regained their focus as 
Tsunami left.
	"What did you want to talk to Tsunami about, Little Washu?" asked Sasami 
as she walked to the door.
	"Oh nothing important.  Just wanted to make sure of something," replied 
Washu as she followed Sasami out to the dining room.  Behind her back, she had 
her fingers crossed, <I'll delete it later.  Something this big deserves some 
looking into.>

	Pretty soon, the whole family had gathered around the dining table.
	"Dad said he would be working late today, so we don't have to wait for 
him," Tenchi told Sasami.  "Where's Ryoko?  I haven't seen her the whole day."
	"What's wrong with that Tenchi?  It was actually a quiet afternoon," said 
Ayeka sitting down at the table.
	"Ayeka, we would look for you too if you missed dinner."
	"Miya," mewed Ryo-Ohki to Tenchi.
	"Ryo-Ohki doesn't know where she is either.  She told her that she needed 
time to think and wanted to be alone," Hakubi translated through Rye-Ohki.
	"I guess we can start without her.  She will come around when she wants 
to."  They started to eat.  Rye-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki were in their cabbit forms and 
eating from a big bowl of carrots.  
	"So, any luck finding Kain," Tenchi asked Hakubi.
	"No luck so far.  He hasn't shown himself since this morning.  I wonder 
what..."  Hakubi did not get to finish his sentence as Ryo-Ohki jumped up with a 
start and screamed, "Miya!"  She jumped off the table and phased though the 
glass door, meowing wildly.
	"What's wrong with her?" Sasami asked worriedly as she watched Ryo-Ohki 
run through the back yard.  Before anyone else could comment, Rye-Ohki also 
jumped up and chased after Ryo-Ohki.
	'Ryo-Ohki said that Ryoko is in trouble and needs her help.  Most likely 
Kain.' Rye-Ohki told Hakubi as he also phased through the door after Ryo-Ohki.
	"Kain!" said Hakubi through clenched teeth as he also got up.
	"Kain?  Where?" asked Tenchi.
	"They're heading towards the Shrine?  Why would she be there?" Hakubi 
wondered out loud.  He then remembered what Ryo-Ohki had said, that Ryoko needed 
some time to think.  "The cave!"  He leapt across the table and ran towards the 
door, shocking the others.  He phased through the door himself and teleported 
away.
	"Damn it!  Where's everyone going?" exclaimed Tenchi, getting up to chase 
after them.  He took a few steps forward and ran into the glass door that none 
of them had needed to open.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If you found this section a bit boring, it's because I couldn't find a better 
place to cut it.  
