I do not own any of the characters portrayed in this. I was bored and just 
wrote it down. If you want to sue somebody... sue
the people who write the fan fics where Ayeaka gets Tenchi. Admittedly this 
is a TV series fan fic and not my usual OAV fan
fic, but this one is playing on T.V. now so...



No need for fights... but they are fun aren't they?
by, Clayton Overstreet

Prologue

  ...I promise to win you from Ayeaka in a fair fight." Ryoko finished and 
hugged Tenchi. Tenchi smiled at her and was about to
respond when the sounds of several large spaceships and an explosion from 
his broom closet interupted him. He sighed and
decided to go welcome his guests before finishing his talk with the gorgeous 
space pirate. They walked back to the house.
Ryoko let go of Tenchi and floated ahead. Tenchi sighed and followed, 
thinking about what he was going to say to her and
when. They reached the top of the hill and Tenchi was suddenly knocked back 
to reality when he was tckled by five different
girls. Washu had his waist, Sasami got his leg, Kyonei and Mihoshi had 
either arm, and Ayeaka got his neck. Tenchi toppled
taking the whole group toppling into the grass. "Tenchi we missed you so 
much!" They all yelled at once. Then they all had a
good laugh and stood up. As they walked towards the house, Tenchi looked 
over at Ryoko and saw her turn to fly to her
favorite spot, the entrance to the shrine. She landed on top and stared off 
into the lake.
  Tenchi almost went to talk to her but was immediately dragged into the 
house by the others. They surrounded him, each trying
to explain why they had suddenly come back and asking if they could stay. 
"...so just because I made a cannon that could blow
up afew galaxies they kicked me out..." "...there was nobody fun to play 
with in the court..." "...I couldn't take those stuffy nobels
another minute..." "...we wanted to have a relationship but they don't let 
high ranking officials date..." "Shut up Mihoshi... what
she means is that we missed Earth so we applied for positions as your 
personal body guards." Azaka and Kamidaki (the real
knights. The guardian robots had returned with Tenchi and had a good cry 
when nobody noticed) had come in at that moment
and stared at Mihoshi and Kyonei along with everyone else. Then they 
shrugged and stood on either side of the princesses.
  Tenchi willingly allowed them all back and told them Ryoko and Rio-oki had 
arrived just afew moments before they all had.
"That woman is here? Then it's a good thing I showed up to protect you lord 
Tenchi." Ayeaka said. Tenchi sighed seeing that
Ayeaka had completely forgotten that Ryoko was the only reason they were 
still alive. He almost told her as much, but decided
to just go to inform his father and grandfather that their house guests had 
returned. Nobiyuki was overjoyed ofcourse since it
meant that Sasami would be cooking again and they would no longer have to 
live on romin noodles. Yosho simply smiled not the
least bit suprised. Tenchi then went out and picked up his book bag from 
where he left it and headed out to school. As he went
he turned to the shrine and saw Ryoko waving to him and blowing him kisses. 
He playfully caught one and carefully pocketed it,
hoping Ryoko would get the message. Then he turned and went to school.

Chapter 1: School daze

  Tenchi arrived at school a half hour late for his first class, but his 
father had written him a note so he didn't get in too much
trouble. He spent the rest of the day thinking about Ryoko and the others. 
He was totaly spaced out and didn't even know that
he was staring out the window until the teacher slammed his books down on 
Tenchi's desk. "Mr.Masaki, suppose you tell us
what you did over your spring break?" Tenchi smiled and looked at him, "I 
was kidnapped by aliens, had to run from the police,
and with the help of a space pirate I saved a princess from an evil overlord 
in an intergalactici empire." Everyone laughed at him
and the teacher snorted, "Video gamed the entire time huh? Should have know. 
Did anybody here do anything worth while this
year?" He moved off into the class and Tenchi grinned.
  At lunch some of Tenchi's friends tried to talk to him but gave up when 
they saw him starng into his lunch and playing with his
corn. Finaly his best friend came over and asked, "Hey Tenchi, whats up man? 
You seem kinda... lost. Girls troubles?" Tenchi
laughed, "You could say that. My family just came back and moved in with us. 
Plus I have this girl I realy like, but she doesn't
think i like her, plus there is another girl who likes me and won't give me 
a moments peace when I'm at home..." he looked and
saw his friends face. "Man Tenchi, two girls. I wish I had trouble like 
that!" Tenchi hadn't realy thought of it that way but smiled.
"So what's the problem? Can't you tell them how you feel?" Tenchi thought 
about it for a minute... then pictured the entire Juraian
war fleet taking aim at the planet, "It's kinda complicated." His friend 
nodded and patted him on the back. "Well don't worry, I
have known you for years Tenchi and you always do what's right in the end. 
Have you tried asking them how they realy feel?"
Tenchi thanked him and thought over what he'd just said.
  He looked over the girls one by one in his head. Sasami... well she was 
too young, but she realy did care for him, though it was
more of a brother/sister thing. Washu was insane and realy seemed to 
onlywant him as a friend and guinee pig for her
experiments. Kyonei and Mihoshi were cute, but it was obvious that they saw 
him only as a friend and had a thing going with
eachother. Ryoko and Ayeaka were the real issue. If only he knew how they 
realy felt...

Chapter 2: Careful thought

  Tenchi walked home with is bag over his back thinking. He couldn't 
pinpoint when exactly he had fallen in love with Ryoko, but
he knew when he had first realized it. It had been durring the incident with 
the deminsion tuner that Washu had invented. Washu
had finaly managed to eliminate all the univrses but one: Ryoko's. She had 
refused to allow it. She had everything she had ever
wanted there. Tenchi had seen how happy she was after they had robbed that 
last bank. He hadn't liked doing that, but to see
her happy had gladdened his heat enough that he realy didn't care. None of 
the others had been around to distract him and he
had finaly had time to think. When Washu had pointed out that she was the 
one stopping them from going home Tenchi had
called her selfish, and had said so to her face. But when she had flown off 
like that he had instantly regreted his words. He came
to a decision that if she realy wanted it he woul support her. When she had 
come back to tell them that she had decided to leave,
Tenchi had been very suprised and without realizing it had even tried 
talking her into staying.
  When she told him that she wanted to go because this world wasn't real, 
his heart almost broke in two. As Washu prepared to
eliminate the world she had held his hand and he squeesed back. Afterwards 
he had tried to find the words to tell her that he
loved her, but had only managed to stand there eating an apple while he 
hought about it. Finaly he had come to a decision, he
would ask her to a picnic and tell her then. That was the day the Juraian 
ship had arrived to take her and Ayeaka away. A great
adventure sure, but being cramped together on the ship hadn't left him much 
room to get her alone. And everytime he did
Ayeaka would show up and Ryoko would instantly act like she was trying to 
seduce him. In fact she had only done that once
and that was the time in Washu's cave.
  He tripped and fell face first onto the the stairs leading up to his 
house. He lay there for several minutes still thinking. He knew
that once he got to the top Ryoko would be waiting there to hug him. He 
thought about all the times since his trip to space that
he had climbed these same steps wishing that she would be there waiting for 
him. It had finaly happened and he had ruined the
moment by staying quiet.
  Suddenly a thought struck him. What about Ayeaka... did she love him? She 
said she felt they were meant for eachother, but
he had never heard her say love. Once again his mind went back to the 
deminsion tuner. Washu had said that those worlds had
been the subconsious desires of each of the girls. Her own desire to stay 
and work on the dimention tuner had excluded her
from their fantasies, but the others had had the chance to make their worlds 
whatever they wanted. Kyonei's world had been
in a small fishing village where Tenchi had run a diner, while Ayeaka and 
Sasami were the competition. Ryoko had been living
with Tenchi at the time, oweing money ofcourse, and Ayeaka still fought with 
her. In every world that was a constant. But
despite Kyonei's apparent desire for an end of Mihoshi, Mihoshi had still 
found her. Kyonei hadn't wanted to admit that she
cared for the blonde, but it was now apparent to everyone.
  In Sasami's world she had used magic to make Ryoko and Ayeaka friends. But 
Sasami herself had just hung back and played
with Ryo-oki in that world, just like in the real one. No... that one was no 
help for him. Ryoko's world, now there was a very
big puzzle. She could have put the others into any possition she wanted, but 
had made their lives great. Ayeaka was a rich
heiress, Kyonei and Mihoshi were incharge of the FBI, and the only real 
difference she made was in eliminateing her powers
all together. She had made a world where despite a little heartbreak for 
Ayeaka, Tenchi had been kept entirely away from the
others, had had some peace and quiet.
  Now Mihoshi's world was next in his thoughts. She had been the only one to 
place him in the position of the husband, with
Sasami as his daughter and Ayeaka as a sister. Ryoko had appeared there 
aswell, as trying to seduce Tenchi away from
Mihoshi. Ayeaka had been a sister in that one. She had bossed Mihoshi around 
day and night. Kyonei was Mihoshi's constant
friend. They went out to lunch dates alot and everything. He could see that 
she was trying to lead a normal life, but had an
attraction to Kyonei even then. Suddenly he shook his head and laughed a 
bit, "Now I sound like a psychiatrist." Finaly he
thought about Ayeaka's world. He'd been trying to avoid that one but in with 
it being the last one he had no choice.
  Ayeaka's world was a traditional one. She was Empress of ancient Japan and 
was engaged to Tenchi, a lord. Sasami was a
minor character, just playing in the garden with a ball all the time. She 
had sent Tenchi out to find and capture the demon of
Rashoma. He had gone out and found Ryoko. Apparently in Ayeaka's world she 
was a theif and a demon. And there Tenchi
was also having an affair with her. Ayeaka's world never would allow Tenchi 
and Ryoko to have done anything phisicl ofcourse,
it was just that they knew eachother and were close. Ryoko had even come 
close to convincing her to run away with her. The
only thing that stopped him was Kyonei and Mihoshi showing up, finding out 
about them. He had been embarrased, and had
not known what to do. When Ayeaka had found out the first thing she had done 
was try to kill Ryoko, and she was going to do
it even if she had to go through Tenchi. It was all a rivalry with her. In 
fact not that he thought about it she hadn't even been that
interested in him until she found out the Ryoko had liked him. But, if she 
knew that Ryoko had won his heart already she'd most
likely kill not only him but everyone else on the planet.

Chapter 3: Ryoko's thoughts

  As she sat on the shrine waiting for Tenchi to come home, absently petting 
Ryo-oki, Ryoko thought about her actions since she
had met him. She had crashed on this planet while trying to evade Mihoshi, 
who was realy good despite her bimbo attitude. She
had mangaged to almost completely kill Rio-oki, and had come incrdibly close 
to blasting Ryoko herself into tiny pieces. Ryoko
had been knocked unconsious in the blast. She had woken up to a young boy 
trying to give her a drink of water. He had real
consern in his eyes, not the lust or fear she had seen on so many faces. Oh 
she knew he thought she was attractive enough, but
he actually seemed conserned for her well being. She had never known anybody 
like that before. Then Mihoshi had shown up
and chased them.
  When the ditz's exosuit had finaly fallen off and it was clear thatr she 
was no longer a threat, Tenchi had looke dat her with
the distrust she had seen before. Sure she'd told him that she was being 
chased by a space pirate, but under the circumstances
she hadn't thought he would help her otherwise. She decided that aslong as 
he was mad at her though she'd have some fun with
him and had chased them through the house again. Afterwards when things had 
finaly calmed down she had tried her best to
thank him for helping her, the only way she'd ever know guys to want to be 
thanked. But he seemed to be against it. At first she
considered that maybe he wasn't compatable, that his speacies was different 
than those humanoids she had met before. But that
possibility was put to rest when she had snuck in on him in the bath.
  She just couldn't tell what he wanted. Whenever she was out of ideas of 
ways to make him happy, that seemed to make him
happy. But whenever she tried to hold him and kiss him he would try to run 
away. Then that snotty princess had shown up,
responding to Mihoshi's distress call. If she hadn't brought Sasami with her 
to cook then there would have been no use of her
what so ever. She thought about how she and the princess had first met. They 
had both embelished the story but now that she
was alone she felt it was safe to remember the incdent as it had happened.

  Ayeaka had been playing in a field of flowers. Ryoko had just run away 
from home with Ryo-oki and landed on Jurai to play.
She had come across Ayeaka making some kind of flower crown for her head. 
She was about to ask how she did that when
Ayeaka had seen her and yelled, "What are you doing here? This is Jurai 
royal property." Ryoko had decided that this person
was someone who she didn't like. She walked over and grabbed the flowers out 
of her hand, "Well now I'm the princess of the
field and I say it belongs to me!" That was the first time she'd taken 
anything and it felt pretty good. Her mother had died a year
before and her father had taken out his agressions on his daughter. It 
wasn't all bad, she had seen how he used the energy bolts
and teleporting abilities and practiced them. She had finaly ran away, 
finding Ryo-oki in the woods. Her planet was where the
cabbits were from but they were rare. She had run away and ended up 
traveling in space.

Ryoko stopped and shook her head. She was getting off the story she had been 
looking at.

  After Ryoko had taken the crown and declaired herself princess Ayeaka's 
face had turned red. She was used to getting what
she wanted, when she wanted, and anyone who refused her was supposed to be 
quickly tortured. Unfortunately none of her
guards were around. She looked at this impudent girl with spiky hair. "Give 
it back. I made it, the flowers are mine. Give it
back!" Ryoko had just laughed at her and stuck out her tongue. "I'll...I'll 
hold my breath until I turn blue if you don't." She had
taken a deep breath and held it in. Seeing the puffy look on her face Ryoko 
had fallen over laughing and said, "You can hold
your breath until you turn green for all I care." Ayeaka immediately started 
crying. Ryoko suddenly felt bad, but still had her own
pride. She took the crown off and through it at the princess, "Fine cry 
baby, take it." Then she had run back to Ryo-oki and
flown off.

Ryoko smiled remembering this. Ayeaka hadn't gotten any better. She 
remembered the second time they had run into
eachother.

  Ryoko had hooked up with a traveling carnival. She had learned all the 
tricks to grifting customers. She had been doing rather
well that day until the princess showed up. They recognized eachother almost 
instantly. The Ayeaka walked over to her and
looked at her stand, "What are you doing here? This is a carnival to 
celebrate the Jurai royal family. I demand you pack up and
leave!" She then kicked the side of her stand. It wasn't much, Ryoko had 
been running a milk bottle scam. it would have taken
an assault cannon to knock over the bottles, but the stand wa sshaky and it 
almost fell over. After steadying it she got an idea.
She told Ryo-oki to hold still and pretend to be a toy. She had handed 
Ryo-oki to her and said, "Well here you go princess, a
little toy to make up for me being here. And it'll only cost you three 
Jurai." She had already gotten her hands on Ayeaka's wallet
and quickly grabbed out all the money she had. Then before Ayeaka could say 
anything she and Ryo-oki had run away.
  The money she had gotten from that was far more than she had ever gotten 
from working at the carnival. she decided that if one
spoiled brat could have this much money, there must be more out there for 
the taking from other rich people. That was how she
had first become a pirate. She had had many run ins with the princess since 
then. Once she had tried an honest job working at a
resort. She cleaned rooms for one hour a day and spent the rest of the time 
relaxing with the money she had stolen. But Ayeaka
had shown up there too.  The money she had with her wasn't what Ryoko relay 
wanted. She just liked making that spoiled brat
whine. After that Ayeaka had set the galaxy police on her. Mihoshi was the 
only one in the area at the time, her partner on a
much needed psychiatric related vacation. She had chased Ryoko all the way 
to Earth and...

...and the princess came again. She had found out what Ryoko cherrished and 
decided that she would take that as revenge. If
Ryoko were to get anywhere with Tenchi she would be there to put a stop to 
it and make Ryoko look like a common slut. It
just wasn't fair. She thought of paying Ayeaka back, but all she had was the 
million Jurai she had gotten from Nagi at the beuty
pagent and Ayeaka absolutely refused.  She could see how much it hurt Ryoko 
but the Princess had convinced herself that she
too loved Tenchi. And Ryoko was deathly afraid that Tenchi loved her too. 
The one decent guy in her life taken by the worst
person she had ever known. When Ryoko had tried to stop Tenchi from going 
after her when she was kidnapped. She knew
that it seemed selfish, that she must have looked evil and uncaring. She 
just hadn't waned him getting hurt. The last thing he had
told her was that afterwards he would love to go on a trip with her. Ryoko 
had been taken aback by this but knew that even if
it killed all of them she had to help Tenchi save Ayeaka.
  After nearly dieing and being rescued by Nagi, she had come back to 
Tenchi. Nagi had given up chasing her, and had gone her
own way. Ryoko never would know why she helped Ryoko at that time, but 
thanked her anyway. They had seperated as
friends. Ryoko had immediately gone to see Tenchi, to take him on that trip 
he'd promised. But she had seen the other's space
ships on the way and knew that they were returning too. She realy had no 
problem with Kyonei and Mihoshi. She had been
pardoned by the royal family and was no longer a wanted fellon. But when she 
saw Ayeaka's ship she knew she had to see
Tenchi first. She had and he had been glad to see her. So here she was. Back 
waiting for him to come home, acting like a love
sick puppy. But still, when she had blown him that kiss today he had caught 
it. Ryoko was sure that he would pick the princess
up until then. She would stay and live on earth, always the outcast of the 
group with no real family. But Tenchi had caught the
kiss and that had made her thing that maybe, just maybe, she would win him 
after all.

Chapter 4: Sasami's insight

  Sasami was busy cleaning up the house. She knew that a princess wasn't 
supposed to do this sort of thing, but after the time
she had heard her sisters guards talking about how spoiled and mean Ayeaka 
was as a child she felt it would do good to prove
that not all royalty was that way. She loved ehr sister, but knew that the 
palace gossip was more than rumors. Also she found
that she was very good at it. Cooking and cleaning relaxed her, and around 
here she needed something relaxing. Ayeaka and
Ryoko's constant fights were anoying. Sasami knew that Ayeaka started alot 
of it, just because she didn't want Ryoko to have
Tenchi. Sasami just wished they would get along. Sasami laughed remembering 
some of the fantasies she'd had about it. She
was a teenager and did have some fantasies. She remembered where she had 
made it happen, in her own world.
  But afterwards Ayeaka and Ryoko were back at it almost immediately, even 
before they got out of the other worlds. Ayeaka
was still holding a grudge now even after Ryoko had saved all of them. She 
could see that Tenchi realy cared about Ryoko, and
that Ayeaka was still holding a grudge. She had said as much when Tenchi had 
said that Ryoko was here. Sasami had been very
happy. Aside from her and her mother she had never known anyone else with 
blue hair and she felt that Ryoko was her friend.
Ryo-oki came hopping up the steps and rubbed against Sasami's leg. "Hello 
Ryo-oki, you want a carrot?" The cabbit gave it
some careful thought and said, "Myah." Sasami was confused. Ryo-oki never 
turned down a carrot. She mush be thining the
same thing as she was. Sasami picked up the furry little animal and held her 
close, "Your worried about whats going to happen
now to aren't you?" The cabbit nodded. Sasami sighed and stared off towards 
the stairs Tenchi would climb when he came
home.
  Suddenly she sat up. "You know what Ryo-oki? I'll bet Yosho would know 
what to do." the cabbit meowed happily and
hopped after Sasami as she ran towards the shrine. Along the way she saw 
Ryoko on top of the entrance staring at the lake.
She ran up and into the shrine where Yosho was sitting. "Yes Sasami, can i 
do something for you?" Sasami nodded, "I'm
worried Yosho." He nodded and smiled at her, "About Tenchi, Ryoko and 
Ayeaka?" She nodded. "Well I'm afraid that it is
beyond our control. But don't worry, no matter what Tenchi would never ask 
you to leave." Sasami nodded, some of her fears
alleviated. She smiled at him and joked, "I know that, if it weren't for me 
you guys would be eating romin noodles still." Yosho
blushed but quickly composed himself. "Yeah, but aside from that you are the 
closest thing he has to a sister and he cares about
you a great deal." Sasami nodded, "Isn't there anything we can do?" He shook 
his head, "No, this is something the three of them
will have to work out for themselves."
  Sasami reluctantly lowered her head, "Does Ayeaka realy hate Ryoko that 
much? Can it be true that she would jeapordize the
happyness of everyone just for her grudge against Ryoko?" Yosho thought and 
said, "We will have to see. But don't worry. One
way or another it will be alright in the end." Sasami and Yosho did their 
best to smile but both looked out the window towards
Ryoko.

Chapter 5: Ayeaka's hatred

  Ayeaka sat in her room. She had hoped that when she had shown up Tenchi 
would spend the day with her, but he had to go to
school and she knew that. It was alright. She knew that that monster woman 
waslurking around, but she never followed him to
school. No, she would wait until he came home before trying to get him into 
her vile clutches. Sasami and the others never
understood that Tenchi needed to be kept away from Ryoko. She had seen that 
when Ryoko said she loved Tenchi, that she
must have been meant to love Tenchi. After all Ryoko stole everything that 
was Ayeaka's. Just because she hadn't met him yet
didn't matter. Why else would Ryoko want him if he wasn't Ayeaka's? Now that 
she had traveled back to him Tenchi had to
realize that. Sure, he had given up the thrown to come here, had spent days 
searching the universe for Ryoko. It just meant that
he was naiv'e. Soon he would see what a horrible person the space pirate 
was.
  She also remembered those encounter's with Ryoko. Had told Sasami so many 
stories that she had once had nightmares about
Ryoko. Those nigthmares had stopped when she had met Ryoko but Ayeaka knew 
that that just meant that the evil one had
tricked her sweet sister aswell. Ayeaka did care for her sister and wanted 
to protect her from the nightmare that had plagued her
life. The time that Ryoko had tried to convince everyone that Ryo-oki was 
her and Tenchi's child was another proof. The others
had seen it as a joke, but Ayeaka knew better.
  She lay back on the bed and looked around. This was a beutiful planet. 
Once she married Tenchi she would add it to the
Juraian empire, making it her's. She was Princess of Jurai. She rightfully 
owned everything, and to get Tenchi she had offered to
share it with him. He had turned her down but that didn't matter.
  Suddenly there was a knock at the door. "Who is it?" A voice from the 
other side said, "It's me, Washu." Ayeaka opened the
door and let the scientist in. "What are you doing so far from your lab 
Washu?" The mad- ribbit ribbit- ahem, excentric scientist
smiled and stepped in. "Obviously I wanted to talk to you Ayeaka." Ayeaka 
allowed Washu in. "What's this about miss...I mean
little Washu? Are you planning some more experiments with the Jurai power?" 
Washu smiled and shook her head, "No, I know
everything there is to know about the Jurai power. What I want to know is 
what you will do if Tenchi chooses Ryoko." Ayeaka
laughed, "Oh Washu, thats the funniest thing I ever heard. You know that 
Tenchi realy loves me and would rather spit on Ryoko
if he weren't so polite." Washu smiled and shook her head, "Well while I'm 
sure some spit swaping may occure, I don't think it
would be fair for you not to consider how you would react in such a 
situation." With that Washu left. Ayeaka sat there thinking.
"Ofcourse it's ridiculouse that Tenchi would choose Ryoko. Every time she 
wraps her arms around him he runs away. And even
when he doesn't I still step in to save h..." She stared at the wall 
suddenly. She had just said 'even when he doesn't'. Suddenly a
thousand visions of Tenchi and Ryoko sitting together and smiling. Each one 
of these brief visions accompanied by her running in
and telling Ryoko how horrible she was which cause Ryoko to claim Tenchi as 
her's in that rude way. Tenchi trying to tell her
that Ryoko wasn't doing anything wrong, only to be interupted by Ayeaka's 
yells of , "I will not allow it." At the time she had
seen it as her duty as a princess to stop such lewd behavior in the pirate. 
But Sasami always seemd to accept it and everyone
got along well with her. Ayeaka's hand went to her mouth in horror, "What 
have I done?"

Chapter 6: Mihoshi and Kyonei (Sorry but the guardians have no oppinion on 
the matter. They are eunics and just want to beat
Sasami at that video game)

  Kyonei and Mihoshi lay out on the patio, watching the sun set together. 
Mihoshi turned to her partner and said, "I'm sorry I
blurted out about our relationship Kyonei. I do that alot." Kyonei looked 
back and thought for a while. "It's ok Mihoshi. I know
you were just happy about it. I shouldn't have acted so embarrased about 
it." Mihoshi nodded, "I just can't seem to keep my
mouth shut. And I make everyone mad, walking into Washu's lab, embarrassing 
you... only Tenchi and Sasami never get mad at
me." Kyonei looked down at her feet. "I should be the one to appologize 
Mihoshi. I've just never had a girlfriend before and I...
I didn't know how to handle it." Mihoshi smiled. "It's ok Kyonei. I 
understand. I've never had a girfriend either, it's a bit
confusing. Thats why I act so spaced out around you. I look at your face and 
everything just... disapears." Kyonei listend
to her and suddenly started crying. "What's wong Kyonei?" Kyonei looked at 
her partner and smiled, "I just love you, that's all
Mihoshi." Mihoshi smiled and leaned forward to give Kyonei a kiss. " I love 
you too Kyonei." Suddenly Mihoshi's face got
that blank look again. "What do you suppose will happen when Tenchi tells 
Ayeaka." Kyonei looked up and stopped crying.
"Tell her what Mihoshi?" Mihoshi looked at her suprised. "And I thought I 
was spaced... You realy don't see it?"
  Kyonei shook her head, "See what?" Mihoshi smiled and said, "What do you 
think will happen when Tenchi tells Ayeaka that
he's in love with Ryoko?" Kyonei looked at her stunned, "Realy? Wow!" 
Mihoshi laughed but stopped at Kyonei's look.
"What's wrong Kyonei?" She looked at Mihoshi and said, "Well, in Ayeaka's 
world do you remember what happened when she
found out about them in that world?" Mihoshi thought, "She was going o have 
us demoted and thrown off the forse. But don't
worry Kyonei. I'm sure Tenchi will let us stay here anyway. We already got 
put incharge of the galaxy police, then turned it
down to move out here. What have we realy got to loose." Kyonei smiled at 
her. "Your right. So we won't be called away from
our jobs to help fix busted spaceships out in the boondocks. We have 
eachother and if we are we can be police on this planet,
right?"
  They hugged and went back to watch the sunset. Above them they failed to 
notice Ayeaka's open window. Ayeaka meanwhile
heard everyword they had said. Oh no, she thought, even my friends think I 
would do something like that to them. The worst
part was that it was true. She would have had them kicked off the forse for 
allowing the pirate to get Tenchi. Tears rolled down
her cheeks. Through all of this she had been alienating everyone. It's not 
right, I may be priness, but I have no right to hurt my
friends like this. Whomever Tenchi chooses I will be happy for him... even 
if she gets him.

Chapter 7: The stars

  The stars are beutiful, Tenchi thought as he lay at the bottom of the 
stairs. Several times since he had been back, he had
stopped right where he was, and just stared at the stars. His father and 
grandfather had found him there once, but had left him
alone. He thought about the last world he and Ryoko had been in. At the time 
he had been upset because she had made him
rob those banks, but now he thought about how there and every day in space 
she had simply sat and stared into the stars. He
had started doing this so that when he climbed the stairs home, he would not 
have to admit that Ryoko would no longer be there
to hug him when he came home. Now she was here and he still didn't want to 
go up there. Why?

  As the sun set Kyonei and Mihoshi had gone inside. Nobiyuki and Yosho were 
talking over the table about everything but
Tenchi, and Sasami was in the kitchen making dinner. Ayeaka had come down 
and smiled at everyone, making a point not
to ask where either Tenchi or Ryoko were.

  Ryoko was still on the shrine entrance, wondering where Tenchi was. She 
had waited for so long and now he hadn't even come
home to see her. Was it her? Had she scared him when he found ot that she 
was a space pirate? She knew he wasn't off with
Ayeaka, she hadn;t left her room since lunch. Finaly she thought that maybe 
he was hurt. Kagato may have been defeated, but
that didn't mean his accomplices were. They might have come and taken 
Tenchi. Ryoko suddenly shot up and flew towards the
stairs. When she got there she saw Tenchi at the bottom stairing up at the 
sky. She immediately teleported down next to him and
said, "Tenchi, are you alright? Did you fall?" He turned and smiled at her. 
"No Ryoko. I'm sorry to worry you, but I'v had to
think about a few things." Ryoko looked up at the stars and smiled. Tenchi 
looked at her and suddenly came to a decision. I
have to tell you something." The smile melted off her face and she looked at 
him, "You love Ayeaka don't you." Tenchi was
stunned. He reached for her but before he could think of anything to say she 
vanished. Suddenly tears streamed down his cheeks
and ever so softly he said, "No Ryoko, I love you." Suddenly she was there 
again hugging him close, "You realy do? Realy?"
Tenchi smiled and kissed her. Shocked Ryoko just stood there for a second, 
but then kissed him back. When they finaly broke
apart Tenchi smiled, "I've loved you for a long time Ryoko, I just never got 
the chance to say it." Ryoko looked at him and
nodded in understanding, "But what about Ayeaka?" Tenchi shook his head. 
"She's my friend. I said no to her when I left Jurai
instead of taking the thrown. I love you. And I still want to go on that 
trip with you Ryoko, to see the stars." Ryoko's tears
joined Tenchi's on his cheeks. He held her tight as he stood up, leaving his 
bag where it was. They walked back to the house
and quietly sat down at the table.
  Everyone saw them and gave a different reaction. Yosho nodded wisely and 
Nobiyuki ran out to get his cammera. Sasmi,
smiled and Tenchi could have sworn she was checking Ryoko out. Kyonei and 
Mihoshi smiled and squeesed eachother's hands.
Ryo-oki just meowed and grinned like always. Washu just sat there looking 
superior and giving everyone the same superior
exression she always used, not paying the least bit of attention. Finally 
almost simultaniously everyone looked at Ayeaka,
expecting the worst. Quietly the princess sighed and put her glass down. 
Then smiling she looked at them and nodded. "I
understand Tenchi. I know that the decision you have just made was made long 
ago, I was just so jealose of Ryoko that I
couldn't see it. I am sorry for my actons and making my friends think that I 
didn't care about them." As she said this she looked
guiltily at the reast of the group. But then using every ounce of royal 
training in her she sat up and smiled, "Now unless I am
mistaken we should be having a welcome home party, and we have some other 
things to celebrate." She shot a pointed glance
at Mihoshi and Kyonei aswell at Ryoko and Tenchi. "I believe you four have 
something to announce?"
  Everyone smiled and looked around. Nobiyuki had gotten back with the video 
cammera and pointed it on the two couples.
Tenchi spoke, " Yes, I think we do." Then he turned and kissed Ryoko. Kyonei 
turned to Mihoshi and kissed her too. Then she
turned to Nobiyuki, "If you plan on doing what I think you are with that 
tape you'll go blind." Nobiyuki was about to say that that
was an old wives tale when she held up a small knife with two blades on it 
about as far apart as human eyes. He gulped and
nodded, "Um, do you girls want copies?" Everyone laughed and the party got 
underway.

Chapter 8: Happily ever after

  After that day Tenchi and Ryoko decided to get married and enjoy a nice 
long honeymoon among the stars. As soon as he
finished school ofcourse. Washu built them a special ship, with one of her 
interdimentional tunnels so that they could come home
for meals. They couldn't take Ryo-oki, who had told Ryoko that she wasn't 
going to let Washu put anything in her. Later Washu
talked the cabbit into undergoing an experiment to become humanoid.
  Ryoko and Tenchi began a long journey among the stars, and invited the 
newly married galaxy police officers along.
They declined though and only checked in on them occasionaly with the 
others. Ayeaka decided to stay on Earth, and later
found that her cousin was appointed as ruler of Jurai. He was a good ruler 
so she felt no need to go back. Now she spends her
time with her friends. She and Sasami now attend school and she is the class 
president. Sasami also convinced Washu to come
be a teacher at the local colledge, which is attending having no desire to 
go through public school. She is now claiming to be a
child prodegy and had convinced the now human Ryo-oki to joing her. Washu 
being the smartest person in the universe made
them some digruises they would make them look completely human and appear to 
age as normal, despite their much slower
aging than humans.
  Washu enjoys teaching high level quantum mechanics at the colledge. 
Unfortunately most of the students dropped out almost
immediately, which left her to continue her inventions with Sasami and 
Ryo-oki's help.
  Yosho and Nobiyuki are still about the same. And that about ends it.

  The end

Authors note

This isn't my best fan fic. I prefer working in the OAV universe. But don't 
worry, I'll either write another one with a bit more
action in it or another one. I still feel that Ryoko and Tenchi are the best 
match, next to Kyonei and Mihoshi. I'm considering
doing a DBZ crossover next. What do you think?
