Author’s Note: Most of the characters in the following story are
not mine and in no way do I claim them to be.  Nor do I claim that
I created the universe that the characters are placed in.  The
characters and the universe remain the property of Hitoshi Okuda,
Pioneer LDC, INC and Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO. 
Please do not sue.  This is a fanfic and is nothing more than a show
of my appreciation to the creators of Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

Chapter 11

Aeka shuddered.  “Why did that door shut?”

            Washuu shook her head despairingly.  “Well I can’t say I
didn’t expect this.  Someone aboard this ship is watching us very
closely.”

            “How?”  Said Ryoko.  “I don’t see any cameras.”

            “Hump!”  Washuu exclaimed.  “The technology aboard
this ship far surpasses something as simple as cameras, Ryoko.”

            “Well sorry!”

            Washuu chose to ignore Ryoko’s comment as she took a
look around.  Discounting the door that had just shut there was
four other doors in the room, all of which were open.  There was
nothing else but bare metal walls.  Washuu could feel Tenchi’s
eyes on her and knew that he was looking for information and
unfortunately she had none.

            “Lets just pick a door.”  Washuu said.

            Aeka raised her arms.  “Which one?”

            The moment Aeka’s words left her lips there was a
clicking sound and suddenly the group was bathed in complete
darkness as the lights went out.

            “What’s going on miss Washuu!”

            “How am I supposed to know that Aeka?  Why does
everyone think I know everything!”

            “Because you’re the greatest scientist in the universe.” 
Ryoko said numbly.

            “That’s right and don’t you forget it!”

            “Sooo?”  Said Aeka.

            “You think I can turn on the lights?”  Said Washuu. 
“Nope, sorry, we’re stuck in darkness.”

            Tenchi nodded but that could not be seen in the
blackness.  “Lets just stay together then.  We’ll hold hands and
pick a door.”

            “You can always hold my hand Tenchi.”  Ryoko
whispered.

            “You oversexed molester!”  Aeka snapped.  “You better
keep your hands off Lord Tenchi!”

            “Oh come on Aeka, can’t you take a joke?”

            “Girls.”  Tenchi sighed.  “Can we just get moving?”

            There was a clamor of feet as Aeka and Ryoko rushed to
be the one to claim Tenchi’s hand but they found to their dismay
that someone, namely Washuu, had beaten them to it.  Once
everyone had a good grip on the other they began walking in the
darkness.  Tenchi, who was in the lead, walked for only a dozen
feet or so and then heard the slamming of a door behind him and
then he was bathed in sudden light.  Blinking so that his eyes
became accustomed to the brightness Tenchi turned to see the
others who had been walking behind him, but to his horror he saw
no one, only a blank steel wall.  Washuu, Ryoko, and Aeka were
gone.  But he had been holding Washuu’s hand, hadn’t he? 
Whose hand had that been?

            “Washuu?”  Tenchi called out into the bleak metal room. 
“Ryoko?  Aeka?”

            It was then that Tenchi detected a sound, a sniffling noise,
someone was crying.

            “Hello?  Whose there?”  Tenchi called.  “Hello?”

            Getting no answer Tenchi followed the noise and found
that the room he was in was nothing more than a huge maze with
winding corridors and passages that doubled over upon
themselves.  In moments he was completely lost.  The crying had
become louder and when he rounded the newest corner he saw
the source.  A small child, a boy of little more than seven, was
huddled in a corner with his head hidden in his hands.  He was
weeping so intensely that he was shaking.  The child presented an
odd appearance, his black clothing sticking out against the metal
walls.  Tenchi approached the child with concern and knelt down
next to him.

            “Hey there, what’s the matter?  Are you lost?”

            The child looked up and Tenchi was shocked at the
attractiveness of his tiny face.  “No, I’m not lost.”  He said sadly as
he looked into Tenchi’s eyes.

            “Are you hurt then?”

            “No, I’m not hurt.”

            “Then why are you crying?”

            “Because someone’s going to die.”  Said the boy as he
rose to his feet heavily, never taking his eyes off of Tenchi.

            Tenchi blinked worriedly.  “Who’s going to die?”

            “You are, you and all your friends.”  The boy wiped his
eyes and turned and ran down the corridor and disappeared
around the corner.

            Tenchi remained still for a moment with a stunned
expression on his face.  Then his straightened himself and started
down the hall after the child.  Who was this boy?  He had to find
out.  Then, after walking what seemed like a very large distance
Tenchi heard a new sound.  It was the sound of Sasami and she
was screaming.

            “No!  No!  Tenchi help us!”

            Tenchi ran faster then he thought possible, nearly slipping
upon the metal floors.  Soon he was in a large and open room and
there in front of him was Sasami.  The young girl was standing in
the center of the room, her tearing eyes looking at Tenchi
pleadingly.  Tenchi ran to her but just before he could reach out his
arms and touch her when a powerful force threw him back, a force
field.  Tenchi was back on his feet despite the pain and looked at
Sasami with a feeling of helplessness.

            “Tenchi, can’t you get me out?”  Sasami whimpered.

            “I- I’m not sure.”  Tenchi examined the force field, he
could feel the energy rippling off it, he was sure it would hold not
matter what he did.  “Who put you in there?”

            “I don’t know.  I was in Ryo-Ohki one second and then I
was here.”

            “Well I’m going to get you out.”

            “And we’re going to help.”

            Tenchi turned at the sound of Ryoko’s voice and saw that
she, Aeka and Washuu were standing a dozen or so feet away.

            “Am I glad to see you!”  Tenchi exclaimed.  “How did we
get separated?”

            Washuu shrugged and approached the imprisoned
Sasami.  “Here, let me have a look at the force field.”

            “You’ll never get here out you know.”  Came a sardonic
voice from a few dozen feet away.

            “Who’s there!”  Tenchi shouted in the direction of the
voice as he gripped his sword tightly.

            A man stepped into the room then.  He was tall and bony
with an appearance that was skeleton like, especially when one
viewed his twisted and gaunt face.  There was as much insanity in
his step as there was in his wicked red eyes and glinting ceramic
armor.

            “Who are you?”  Tenchi said quickly, he did not like the
appearance of this new arrival.

            “Oh wouldn’t you love to know who I am!”  Said the man
insanely.  He motioned to Sasami.  “You like your little friend?  I
call it girl under glass.  I must say she’s so pretty when she cries. 
A shame I can’t keep her.  I can see why you want to free her. 
She’s such a delectable treat.”

            “Your disgusting!”  Ryoko shouted as she manifested her
energy sword.  “Free Sasami now!”

            The strange man shook his head.  “Oh no, no, no.  That
wouldn’t be fun.  Your spunky, I like you.  I think I’ll kill you first. 
Don’t worry, I’ll be fun, you’ll love the feeling of my blade slicing
into your body and whisking your life away on blood red feathers!”

            Ryoko had worked herself into a rage.  “Try it you
bastard!”

            With that Ryoko rushed the strange man with a roar.

            “Ryoko no!”  Tenchi shouted as he chased after her.

            The man looked like a skeleton but he was very quick.  As
Ryoko approached he raised a hand a fired energy into her body
that set her to the ground screaming in pain.  Tenchi had activated
his sword and was about to bring it down upon the man when the
unnamed man turned to him.

            “Oh no, two against one isn’t fair.”

            The man raised his hand and fired his energy at Tenchi. 
Tenchi felt his limbs freeze and his joints stop and he hit the floor as
stiff as a board and could not move.  However he found that he
could still see and hear everything around him.

Aeka had rushed over to Tenchi now and was crying as she tried
to rub motion back into his joints.  Meanwhile Washuu had
redoubled her efforts to break the force field that held Sasami.
Tenchi looked at Ryoko and saw that she was stubbornly trying to
rise and make another attack.

            “No!  Ryoko!  Stay down!”  Tenchi shouted.  “He’ll kill
you!”

            But Ryoko would not listen and rushed the skeleton-like
man.  The man raised a hand and a sword grew out from his palm. 
The man watched as Ryoko approached and then, just as Ryoko
brought her blade down he casually flicked his own blade to one
side.  Ryoko did not have a chance and the weapon of her
adversary slashed into her middle and she was clearly dead before
she hit the ground.

            “Noooooo!”  Tenchi wailed as he felt the hot tears flood
his eyes.  Ryoko was dead, she had been killed right in front of him
and he had been powerless to stop it.  He tried to move but found
that he was still paralyzed.

            The man kicked Ryoko’s motionless body and chuckled. 
“Well, well, that was enjoyable!  Fun, fun!  Lets see, who else is
next?”

            “Leave them alone you monster!”  Tenchi roared.

            The man turned to Tenchi and smiled.  “Oh don’t worry,
you don’t have to shout, I’ll get to you soon enough.”  He looked
around.  “Lets see, who’s next, hmm.  How about you my little red
haired beauty?”

            Washuu had barely time to turn around before the man
rushed her with the speed of a bullet.  With a flash of steel Washuu
collapsed to the ground without ever uttering a final word.  Then
before anyone else had time to react the man whirled about and
flew straight towards Aeka.  Aeka still had her hands on Tenchi
when she was struck and Tenchi could feel her hands grip him
tighter and then suddenly relax.  Tenchi now could no longer
speak.  He was helpless, everyone was dying and he was
helpless.  The emotional pain was nearly too much but his eyes
stayed open, though hazy with tears, and watched.

            The unnamed man was now kneeling with his face very
close to Tenchi’s.  “So my boy,” He began.  “How does it feel to
watch your friends die and be helpless to stop it?  I imagine it hurts
quite a bit doesn’t it?  Well,” He leaned close to Tenchi’s ear. 
“Sorry.  I suppose there’s no use crying about it though; it’s over
and done with.  I won’t kill the little one though.”  He motioned to
Sasami.  “Not yet anyway, I really like her.  I think she’ll make a
great pet.  Well anyway, I suppose I’ll let you live, after all, what
fun is it killing you?  Ta ta.  Have a nice life.”

            Tenchi watched as the man approached Sasami.  “Don’t
touch her!  Don’t touch her!  You monster!  No!”  But Tenchi
knew he was helpless, he did not protect Aeka, Ryoko or Washuu
and now he could not protect Sasami.  Tenchi closed his eyes, not
wanting to see, not wanting to live.  All he could here were
Sasami’s screams.

            Tenchi awoke with a start to find himself leaning against the
wall in the room with the four doors, the room where he, Washuu,
Aeka, and Ryoko had become separated in the darkness.  It was
lit now.  Had it been a dream?  It was so real.  Tenchi brought his
knees up to his chin and felt the tears come as he rocked gently
back and forth.