Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, AIC and Pioneer does. 
I don't own Tenchi, Ryoko (they belong to each other), or 
anyone else. So don't sue me!

No Need for a Kidnapping: Chapter 7
By Chibi-C

Author's notes: .Chapter 7.I hate the sound of that.
Kyinia: Why?
I just do. The number 7 sucks.
Kyinia: Uh.Chibi-C?
.Seven.(Shudder)
Kyinia: Chibi-C? Are you feeling alright?
.I hate that number. (Goes into a state of suspended 
animation.)
Kyinia: Ookaayyy.well, since Chibi-C has totally lost it, I 
guess I'll have to do the intro. Here's Chapter 7 of No 
Need for a Kidnapping! (Looks at Chibi-C and sighs 
dejectedly.)

"This.is.incredible.." Tenchi was amazed. He, Ryoko, and 
Sasami/Tsunami were in a place where nothing existed. It 
was amazing.

"Tenchi, I don't think I've ever admitted being freaked to 
anyone, but this place really creeps me out," Ryoko said 
softly.

"Same here. But we're on a mission. Besides, Tsunami's 
here."

"I'm afraid I cannot help you find Ayeka," Tsunami said. "I 
will be too busy fighting Cintrania."

"Alright. But how do we find her? We're floating in a pure 
white void with nothing around."

"Tenchi, Ryoko, grab each others hands." They did. "Now, 
close your eyes." They obeyed that as well. "Now, you must 
will yourself to where Ayeka is." Ryoko's eyes snapped 
open.

"What? We're supposed to just wish ourselves to Ayeka?"

"That's it."

Ryoko shrugged, but closed her eyes and followed Tsunami's 
instructions. A moment later, they were in what appeared to 
be a large spaceship.

They began to look around. They heard voices, and ducked 
into a corner. Then, they heard a voice behind them.

"Well, well. If it isn't the Jurain prince and his little 
demon princess? I'm honored to be in your presence." 

Ryoko and Tenchi turned to see a man who must have been 
Tikama. He had short blond hair and icy blue eyes, and 
looked about the same age as Tenchi, although he must have 
been almost as old as Washu. Actually, he was quite good 
looking, but he looked sinister and dark.

"We don't want to fight you. Just tell us where Ayeka is," 
Tenchi said in a low, determined voice.

"Why, she's right behind you."

Ryoko turned and found that Tikama was right. Ayeka was 
standing there, wearing a black kimono. However, it was 
obvious that she was not herself. Her features, which 
normally looked warm and welcoming, were dark and shadowed.

"Ayeka?" Ryoko said. Ayeka didn't answer. "Hello, princess, 
you in there?" Still no answer. "AYEKA!?"

"She can't respond to you unless I command her to," Tikama 
said. He waved his hand around and a bright white light 
surrounded Ayeka. As suddenly as it came, it disappeared 
again. "Attack, Ayeka."

"Yes, Lord Tikama." She formed an energy ball in her hand 
and squeezed it into a sword.

"Since when can you do that!?" Ryoko demanded. 

In reply, Ayeka said "I've gotten some new abilities since 
joining Cintrania." She then leaped at Ryoko with her 
energy beam. Ryoko quickly formed her own sword and blocked 
the attack in the nick of time. Ayeka leaped back into a 
battle stance, and Ryoko mimicked her movements. Ayeka 
leaped at Ryoko once again, and grazed her shoulder with 
her laser-like blade.

"So, ya wanna play dirty? That's just fine with me!" Ryoko 
began moving on the offensive.

Meanwhile, Tikama and Tenchi had started their own battle. 
At first, they seemed to be equals, but Tenchi was slowly 
being tired out, and Tikama was showing no signs of being 
worn down.

It would be one tough fight.

*****
"Sister! I demand that you stop this!" Tsunami said, 
blocking a blow from Cintrania.

"No, Tsunami. I refuse to give up and allow myself to be 
imprisoned for another 15,000 years!" She attacked again, 
only to be blocked once more by Cintrania. She stepped back 
and stopped attacking for a minute. Tsunami also stopped 
fighting. "Why won't you join me, sister? You and I could 
rule all the dimensions, with no limits to our power! All 
the universes would be at our disposal!"

"No, Cintrania. I am afraid that I cannot join you. As 
goddesses, we are supposed to watch over the universes, not 
rule them."

Cintrania looked upon her older sister in contempt. "I 
should have expected you to say something like that." She 
resumed her attack. At this point, Tsunami knew that she 
could not simply block. She had to be offensive. Summoning 
as much power as she could that second, she delivered a 
crushing blow to Cintrania. She then pinned her to the 
floor with a powerful forcefield.

"Release Tikama and Ayeka from your spell now," Tsunami 
said in a quiet but firm voice.

Cintrania realized that she could not win now. She began to 
reverse the spell. "Air, fire, wind and water, I call upon 
your strength."

*****
Tenchi and Ryoko stared at each other. The strangest thing 
had just happened. Tikama and Ayeka had suddenly fallen to 
the floor unconscious during the middle of the fight, and 
at the same time! They appeared to be fine.well, except for 
the fact that they were both lying on the floor. Tenchi and 
Ryoko stared back at the two bodies. Ayeka began to stir 
slightly.

"Ohhhh..my head." She looked up at Tenchi. "Tenchi, what am 
I doing here?"

"You.you mean you don't remember what happened?"

Ayeka shook her head. "Last thing I remember, this man 
named Tikama came to me to ask for my help in defeating 
some sort of monster."

Tenchi began to explain everything that happened. When he 
was done, Ayeka was staring in shock at him.

"I can't believe.I mean, I would never.I'm sorry."

"It's alright, Ayeka. We know you weren't in control of 
your actions."

Tikama then began to stir. He sat up. "Where am I ?" He 
looked at Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka. "And who are you?"

Ayeka and Tikama's eyes met. They kept staring starry eyed 
at each other for a long time. Tenchi and Ryoko looked at 
each other and grinned.

"I'm Ayeka," she said, blushing slightly.

"I'm Tikama," he said, smiling warmly. "Um.what happened?"

"It's a long story," she said.

Tsunami chose that moment to appear in front of the four of 
them. "Are you ready to go home?"

"You bet," said Tenchi. Soon, the four of them were back at 
the Masaki home. Sasami unassimilated with Tsunami. Ayeka 
began to explain everything to Tikama. Meanwhile, Ryoko and 
Tenchi decided to give the two of them a little time to 
"get to know each other" and wisely left them alone.

*****
"Ayeka, I love you."

"I love you too Tikama." 

"Aww.our little Ayeka is all grown up!" Ryoko and Tenchi 
couldn't resist spying on Ayeka and Tikama and see if, in 
Ryoko's words, "He would have the guts to tell her 
already!"

Ayeka broke her kiss and began chasing her cyan haired best 
friend around the house, while Tenchi and Tikama watched in 
amusement as their respective kois ran around screaming.

"Women," They said simultaneously.

OWARI

Author's notes: It's done! I'm going to write an epilogue, 
though.
Kyinia: Why did you space out when you heard the number 
seven?
.Seven.(Spaces out again.)
Kyinia: Heh heh.(Sweatdrop.) Anyway, email feedback to 
Carmel3309@aol.com. 
