"Tenchi Muyo" and some or all characters are owned by Pioneer. This story is
a product of my own warped imagination. I have little to no money, so it
doesn't behoove you to sue me anyway.

                                Tenchi Muyo!
                           No Need for Censorship

                                by Tom Vogler

                         Chapter 3: Flight Behavior

"Meeeeoowww!" came a small, worried voice.  Tenchi groggily lifted his head
from his arms.  The earthling's head was spinning.  He couldn't remember for
the life of him what had happened or where he was.  He could barely remember
his own name.  "Meeow?"  came the small voice once again.

This time it worked.  Tenchi began to get his bearings.  He groaned as he
sat up.  An aching pain shot up his left side.  Apparently, the bruises he
had gotten from Ryoko when escaping from the tomb had grown worse.  Wait a
minute, Tenchi thought.  Where is she?  "Ryoko?  Ryoko?!"  He looked all
around.  It was then that he got a better knowledge of his surroundings.

Tenchi found himself in a small, square room.  The walls were a dull gray,
and smoothed over.  The only light came from a small, dimly glowing orb
stuck on the ceiling.  He also saw where the meowing noises had been coming
from.

"Ryo-Ohki!  Where's Ryoko?"  Then Tenchi remembered everything.  He
remembered the ship, he remembered Kagato.  The last thing he could recall
was Kagato hitting them with some kind of energy.

"Meoww," was the small creature's melancholy reply.

"I guess you don't know, huh.  I wonder what happened.  Ugh, my dad and
grandpa are gonna be worried sick when I'm not there in the morning."
 Tenchi, with a bit of effort, was able to get up to inspect the room.
 Oddly enough, there was no door.  "Hello?!  Hellooo?!!!  Can anyone hear
me?!!"  No reply came.

"Somebody help me!"  Tenchi yelled again at the top of his lungs.
 Apparently someone did hear him that time, as the light from the orb on the
ceiling grew brighter.

A sinister, Orson Welles-ish voice echoed throughout the room.  "Well,
Earthling, I see you're finally awake!  I was starting to think you'd be out
cold forever!"

"Kagato!!  Where am I?!  Where's Ryoko?!!"

"Now, now.  Settle down.  Ryoko is right here by me, and she's quite
comfortable.  Don't worry.  Once I have what I need, you two will be
reunited.  Of course, you'll both be jettisoned into the nearest star
shortly afterward, but you needn't trouble yourself over trifles like that!"

Tenchi banged on the wall closest to him.  He shouted over the resulting
hollow metal pounding, "Arrgh!!  Why are you doing this?!!"

"Calm down!  Tenchi...is it?  You'll find out soon enough.  But in the
meantime, STOP HITTING MY SPACESHIP!!"

At that, a small bolt of electricity shot out of the wall Tenchi had been
banging on, hitting him in the chest.  He staggered back with a grunt,
falling down on his rear.  When the sharp pain subsided, Tenchi heard the
sinister voice laughing...laughing at his discomfort.

*******************

Kagato stepped back from his surveillance orb, taking a moment to shake his
head and chuckle to himself.  "Heh heh.  I sometimes forget how weak and
stupid those Earthlings are!"

Once he had mused at his superiority over the young fellow for a moment or
two, Kagato walked down a small group of steps, then continued across the
room to the wall where Ryoko was held in place by strong metal shackles.
 She hung, unconscious, from the shackles, one around each arm, one holding
both legs, and one around her waist.

Kagato pulled out a small device that looked something like a remote
control.  He clutched it in his right hand for a moment, grinning devilishly
at his prisoner and savoring the moment.  Then he put the ominous little
device to work.  He pressed a small blue button toward the middle, and a
small red laser shot out, hitting Ryoko right smack in the forehead.  Her
body contorted in the shackles from the terrible waves of energy, from the
laser, that were enveloping her.  She opened her eyes and screamed so
loudly, people on the other side of the galaxy were probably aware of her
agonizing pain.

"Well, good morning, sunshine!" said the yellow-eyed man.  "You're looking
well!"

Ryoko slowly lifted her head, as the pain that had just milliseconds ago
ravaged her was now slowly subsiding.  "Ugghh.....where....where am I?"

"You're back on board the Sentaku, where you belong!"

"The Sentaku...?  Wha.?"  Her eyes suddenly went wide, as the grim,
terrifying revelation of where she was and to whom she was speaking came
upon her.  "You!  What are you doing here?!!  Where's Tenchi?!!"  She
wriggled in her shackles, trying to break free, but to no avail.

"Calm yourself, Ryoko.  There's no way you can escape.  I have a microplasma
field around you.   Your powers are useless.  As to the whereabouts of that
Earth boy you brought back, he's resting comfortably down below."

Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "Where, down below?"

Kagato smirked and replied, "Why, in one of the  sensory deprivation cells,
of course.  I've often wondered what would happen if you just left someone
in there."

"If you hurt one hair on his body, I swear to Tokimi, I'll-."

"You'll what?!  Hurt ME?!  I command more power than you ever will.  I can
control you at will.  Don't you forget that!"

At that, he turned to his machines and set to work on something or other.
 Ryoko glared at him in pure hatred for a few minutes, then sighed.  She
knew she was stuck.

She then started actually watching just what her captor was up to.  He was
pressing a few buttons here, pulling a lever there; a process that seemed to
take forever.

Ryoko asked him, "What are you doing?"

Kagato grinned at her.  "Funny you should ask."

He picked up some wires and started toward her.  She saw the sheer
malevolence in his crazed stare, and thus, frantically tried to escape.  It
was no use.  All she could do was cry out for help that would not arrive.
  "No!  Kagato, stop! No!  Tenchi, help!   NOO!!!"
*******************

Ryo-Ohki licked her paws to clean herself.  It was all she could do at the
moment, aside from watching Tenchi pace back and forth across the tiny room,
and that had started making her dizzy half an hour ago.  So, she resolved
herself to find every little flea that she had picked up while on Earth,
while her human companion walked and worried.

"I can't take this any more!"  Tenchi finally said.  "We're stuck here, and
we still don't know what happened to Ryoko!"  The cabbit meowed in reply.
 The two were silent for a few moments, lost in their own thoughts.
 Finally, Ryo-Ohki began to hop around the room.

"What are you doing?" Tenchi asked.  Ryo-Ohki leapt around a bit more,
looking all around.  "Oh, I see.  Are you trying to find a way out?"  The
small creature meowed in confirmation.

"You're right!  We can't just sit here and let that Kagato guy do
God-knows-what to Ryoko!  Let's bust out of here!"

"Meow!"

Tenchi looked around the room as he had several times before, only this time
he did so much more closely.  The walls, ceiling, and floor were all
completely smooth.  He felt all around for a crack, an opening, anything.
 There was none.  Sensing the futility in the endeavor, Tenchi sat down in
the middle of the room and stared at the ceiling.

"We'll never get out of here."

The cabbit looked down at the floor, mulling over something, but then she
appeared to have an idea.  She jumped at Tenchi, making excited squeaking
noises.

"What?  What is it?"

She sat down in front of him, and meowed proudly.

"What?  I don't speak cabbit.  Do you know a way out?"

She nodded.

"Really?!  Well, then let's go for it!"

Ryo-Ohki hopped on top of Tenchi's head and sat down.  Tenchi could not see
exactly what she was doing, but he did notice that the cabbit did begin to
emit an eerie blue glow.  A small spot of blue light appeared on the wall
directly across from the pair.  Both the glow coming from the cabbit, and
the spot on the wall became red, as Tenchi felt the top of his head growing
quite warm, then practically scorching.

Ryo-Ohki released the energy built up within her tiny body.
 "MEEEEOOOWWW!!!"  A wave of energy blasted forth, crashing through the wall
as if it were tissue paper, and leaving an opening large enough for the two
to make their escape.

The cabbit toppled off Tenchi's head and into his lap.  "Whoa, are you
okay?!"

She looked up at him, and aside from being exhausted and a bit dazed, she
was fine.

"That was awesome!"

"Meow!"

"Well, what say we go find Ryoko and get the heck out of here?"  At that, he
scooped up the small creature in his arms and climbed through the hole, out
of the tiny prison and into the unknown.

Tenchi took a look back at the exterior of his cell.  As it was inside, it
was smooth, grey, and cube-shaped.  There were other rooms just like it
(save for the large hole blasted through it) on either side of the corridor,
which looked as if it went on forever in either direction.  Aisle after
aisle of bland grey cubes, lined up as far as the eye could see.  It was
going to take a while to get out of there.

"Which way should we go?"

"....Meow?"

"Okay...hmmm...  Let's go.....that way."  And at that, they set off through
the vast sensory deprivation dungeon.  It would have likely been a cause for
dismay to the pair if they knew that the dungeon alone was roughly the size
of New York City, but since they were actually on the outer fringe and, by a
stroke of luck, heading outward, it was an unpleasantry they wouldn't be
troubled with.

They walked, and walked, and then, to break the monotony, they walked some
more.  Just when Tenchi thought they'd never find a way out, the fog off in
the distance gradually took shape as a wall so huge, the spaceship he and
Ryoko had arrived on could probably do laps on it.  And at the bottom of the
wall, directly in front of them, was a door.

Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki (who was now riding comfortably atop the Earthling's
head) reached the door after another few minutes.  Both were overjoyed at
the possibility of leaving the sea of grey cubes behind them, but as Tenchi
soon discovered, this would not be easy.

The door was either stuck, or locked, or something to that effect.  Tenchi
felt around for cracks or perhaps a small opening, so that he might try
prying it open, but there were none to be found.  Now fed up, Tenchi turned
around and began to head the other way, in search of another possible escape
route.

Tenchi, complete with Ryo-Ohki headgear, barely got twenty feet away from
the door, when a voice called after them.

"W-wait!!"

The pair turned around to see where the voice was coming from.  It was a
male voice, but sounded rather tinny, like a robot from an old sci-fi movie.
 Tenchi cautiously made his way back up to the door.

"Uh...hello?" Tenchi asked.

"Yes!  Yes, I'm here!  Please don't leave!"  This time, when the voice
sounded, Tenchi noticed a small circle on the wall that glowed with every
word.

"We're right here.  Who are you?"

"Who am I?  Well...hmm.... Gee... That's a good question!
 I'm....uh......OH!  Yes!  I'm the Guard-Door 4056!  Or was it Door-Guard
6504?"

Tenchi could see that this conversation was going nowhere fast, so he
promptly changed the subject.  "Well, Guard-Door, where, exactly, are we?"

"You want to know exactly where we are?"

"Yes."

"Are you sure?"

"Of course."

"Um.. All right...  You're in the Ayanami sector of the Kyaku quadrant of
the Milky Way Galaxy, coordinate 50.32.223.66.473.44.7."

"Not THAT exact!"

"I warned you."

Tenchi was getting somewhat exasperated at the talking door.  "Okay, okay!
 Tell me in laymen's terms where we are!"

"You're at the entrance to the sensory deprivation dungeon of the Sentaku,
the largest ship in the galaxy.  The ship has enough firepower to destroy an
entire solar system, and is captained by the legendary warrior, Kagato."

"How do we get out of here?!"

"Well, I suppose I could open the way for you, but..."

"But...?"  Tenchi inquired.

"I'm lonely," the door muttered.  "Kagato hasn't come down here in
centuries, and even when he did, he never talked to me.  Who stops to have a
conversation with a door?"

"All right.  What do we have to do to get you to open for us?  We'll do
anything.  Right, Ryo-Ohki?"

"Meow!"

"Will you watch my slide show of the hundred years it took to install my
computer systems?!"

Tenchi scratched the back of his head.  "Uh.... sure."

"Okay, let me just get it ready!"  And with that, the door slid open,
revealing a narrow passageway.  Without hesitation, Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki
bolted for the opening, running as fast as they could through it and beyond.
 By the time the Guard-Door realized that he should have opened the door
AFTER the slide show, it was too late.  His audience was long gone.

"Wait!!" the door called after them.  "I was gonna make an espresso....."
*******************

Ryoko awoke with a gasp.  She spent the better part of fifteen minutes
confused as to where she was and why she was there.  She got her bearings
rather swiftly, though, and proceeded to brace herself from the next round
of hideous torture at the hands of her old "friend", Kagato.

The torture did not come, though.  Kagato, it seemed, was not around.  She
was in the same room as before, and was in the same restraints as before,
but something was different.  She could not put her finger on what, though.

And then it hit her.  The near paralyzing force, the one that felt almost
like a vice clamped down on her mind, was gone.  For one reason or another,
Kagato had turned off the microplasma field that had previously restricted
the use of her powers.  This opened up a whole world of new possibilities,
meaning if there were any time to escape, it was now.

Ryoko tried to move, using all of her superhuman strength, but the
restraints were strong; extremely strong.  She tried again and again to
break free, but even she was not strong enough to overcome the ultra-strong
shackles.  Perhaps she was still doomed, even without the microplasma field
to hamper her powers.

But then she saw it.  There, about twenty feet in front of her, was the
console Kagato had been operating in order to administer his unspeakable
tortures.  It was an oval-shaped, pale blue structure, with buttons, orbs,
and levers covering just about every square inch of it.  Little light bulbs
flickered all over it, some yellow, some red.  And because of the thought
that would soon enter Ryoko's mind, it looked absolutely beautiful to her.

The idea that came upon Ryoko was one so logical that she would have slapped
her forehead had she been able to.  Maybe, just maybe, if she could focus
her energies into a small bolt, she could press the switches to see if one
might free her.  It was certainly worth a shot.

Ryoko began to concentrate.  Energy came from her entire body, making its
way to her hands, where a powerful orange light began to resonate, and
proceeded to grow brighter.  She began to sweat, both from the strain of
what she was doing, and from the unsettling knowledge that since she would
hit many of the switches at one time.  This meant that she could set herself
free, but there was also the possibility that she would set off the torture
devices, or worse, destroy the console altogether.

The energy then left her hands, rushing toward the console.  Ryoko cringed,
her eyes shut tight, anticipating the unfathomable pain, but none came.  She
opened her eyes to see that one of the small red lights had turned green.  A
fairly loud buzzing sound filled the chamber, and when it ceased, Ryoko felt
the devices holding her in place release, dropping her to the floor.

She spent a grueling three minutes fending off a whole-body onslaught of
pins and needles, but it was worth it.  She was free.  She could now resolve
herself to finding Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki and getting out of there.  Ryoko made
haste for the nearest exit, for if she stayed any longer, Kagato might have
returned, his cruelty only skyrocketing upon discovering her escape attempt.

But Ryoko made it out of the room, and had been gone for at least five
minutes before the yellow-eyed man strolled back into the chamber.

"Oh, Ryoko!  I've some new torture machines I'm dying to show you!  I---" He
stopped short, seeing that his prisoner was nowhere in sight.

"What the..... FUCK!!!!   I STEP OUT FOR A FEW MINUTES TO GO TO THE BATHROOM
AND SHE ESCAPES??!!!!"  Infuriated, Kagato stomped over to his surveillance
orb and frantically began searching the ship for his former captive.
 Perhaps if he was calmer, he would've realized the futility of searching
every security camera on a ship the size of West Virginia, but in his rage
it was the only course of action he could think of.

Well, it wasn't quite the only course of action.  He did think to press the
security alert button on his console, which alerted the Guard-Door 4056
system to the presence of intruders, and also released robots in various
areas of the ship to hunt down any who did not belong.  Nobody, Kagato
thought, escapes from the Sentaku.
*******************

Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki walked through a long, dull blue corridor.  They'd been
walking for quite some time, and Tenchi was beginning to fear that they'd
never make it out.  They'd just starve to death or something somewhere
inside that ridiculously long hallway.

The boredom and monotony that had been plaguing the pair since they'd ducked
past the Guard-Door was overpowering, but unfortunately not lasting.  Tenchi
was sure he'd be walking all the way through that hallway, however long it
was.  He wouldn't be walking the whole way, however, as he would shortly
find an incentive to run.

A strange mist began to fill the passageway, making it impossible for one to
see more than a few feet in front of them.  Tenchi could sense that
something was wrong, but he didn't let the feeling get to him.  But then, a
voice filled the room, "INTRUDERS ALERT!!  NOW RELEASING SEEK-AND-DESTROY
DROIDS."  Before he knew it, Tenchi was surrounded by a dozen four-foot
robots that had dropped down from ducts in the ceiling.  They were bright
white, with black metal faces, arms, and legs.  Their eyes glowed a fiendish
green, and at the end of each one's arms was something that was obviously a
gun of some sort.  Tenchi felt Ryo-Ohki's claws begin to dig into his scalp,
as the small creature stared in fright at the menacing machines.  The robot
in the center of the pack made a beeping noise, and at that, they all turned
to face the hapless pair and began to advance.

Now, many psychologists agree that when faced with imminent danger, an
organism will respond with either of two types of behavior; fight or flight.
 Tenchi had obviously opted for the latter, as he was running as fast as his
lanky legs would carry him, with Ryo-Ohki holding onto his hair for dear
life.  The robots were in hot pursuit, firing lasers at them.  As Tenchi
ran, it occurred to him that the boredom he had previously wanted to end
would be quite welcome now.
*******************

Ryoko flew as fast as she could through the now mist-filled hallways of the
giant ship.  She had attempted to make telepathic contact with Ryo-Ohki
(something that she'd always had the ability to do, for some reason), but
unfortunately something was blocking her.  However, Ryoko did vaguely
remember where the sensory deprivation dungeon was from her awful days as
Kagato's slave.  She hoped that she'd be able to find Tenchi before Kagato
set off the security system.  Ryo-Ohki would probably be able to take care
of herself if the need arose, but Tenchi would be helpless, especially
trapped in that tiny cell.

Blinded by both the fog and her own desperation to save her Earthling
friend, Ryoko inadvertently flew right into a pack of the vicious robots.
 Several of them immediately tried to grab her, but it resulted in nothing
more than making the demon-girl mad.  Ryoko, determined not to let anything
stop her from saving Tenchi, flew into a rage, punching right through any
robot that leapt at her.

Ryoko pounded all the robots that came at her into scrap metal, but once all
those she had originally seen were done away with, another, taller one
tapped her on the shoulder.  Without thinking, Ryoko grabbed it and lifted
it up off the ground by its head.  She was infuriated to the point of
passing out, her eyes clenched tight in anger.

"You metallic bastard!  You're not going to stop me from saving Tenchi!!"

Much to Ryoko's surprise, the robot spoke back.  "Uh... Ryoko.... I AM
Tenchi!"

It was then that Ryoko realized that it was not an attack droid that she was
holding in such an uncomfortable position, but rather the very person she
was fighting to save.

"TENCHI!!!" she exclaimed, setting the boy down.  He rubbed his head where
she had grabbed him, as she had left rather painful-looking red marks.

"Jeez, Ryoko!  What'd you do THAT for?!" complained the Earthling.

"I'm sorry, Tenchi.  I thought you were one of them," she said, as she
pointed to the remains of one of the attack droids.

"Well," Tenchi replied as he once again rubbed the demon-induced sores on
his head, "No harm done, I guess.  So I suppose we should try and find our
way out of here.  Judging from the size of this ship, I think it might take
a long time."

"Oh, no it won't!"  Ryoko said, a grin growing on her face.

"What do you mean?"

"Meow!"  Ryoko picked up Ryo-Ohki, who had been sitting and watching the
whole thing up until then, and held her at arms length from her body.

"She is our ticket out of here!"

"What do you mean?" the boy asked.

"Oh, you're gonna love this!  Put your hand on my shoulders!"

Tenchi complied with Ryoko's command, and a second or two later, the cabbit
in Ryoko's arms begin to meow loudly.  Her eyes glowed with a bright blue
light that filled the hallway and turned the mist an eerie aqua-color.
 Before Tenchi could react, he, Ryoko, and Ryo-Ohki were absorbed by
something.

Tenchi couldn't get a handle on his surroundings, due to the fact that they
were changing constantly.  The hallway of Kagato's ship had been replaced
with a nauseating mass of shifting tan shapes.  Everything was moving, and
expanding.

After what seemed like hours, even though it had only been a few seconds,
the room stopped morphing, and now was a large room with seats, a control
console, and a large window looking out on what appeared to be a damaged
portion of the Sentaku's interior.

Tenchi realized that Ryoko had been calmly standing beside him the entire
time.  "Ryoko, what happened?!"

"Welcome to my ship, Tenchi!"

"Your ship... Hey, where's Ryo-Ohki?!"

"This IS Ryo-Ohki!"

"WHAT?!"

"Ryo-Ohki is my spaceship!  She was in cabbit form before, now she's in
spaceship form.  She's our ride to freedom!"

"Um...okay..."  Tenchi started to think about how weird the situation was,
but given the context of everything else that had happened to him over the
past day or two, it wasn't all that strange.  The ship's cockpit was vastly
different from that of the ship he and Ryoko had arrived on.  Instead of
wires all over the place, this ship was spotlessly clean.  Everything was a
light beige color, except for the console, which was dark grey (the same
color as Ryo-Ohki's fur).  It was hard to believe that this spectacular
spaceship was once a small rodent-like creature.

Ryoko grinned at Tenchi, then stepped over to the console and pressed a few
buttons.  "Well, what say we blow this popsicle stand?"

"But aren't we still inside Kagato's ship?"

"Yup.  We're gonna bust out!"

"Do you think we'll destroy his ship in the process?"

"Let's hope so!"

A loud, booming meow echoed throughout the Sentaku.  Ryo-Ohki lurched
forward, picking up speed as it crashed through Kagato's massive ship.  Soon
enough, the cabbit-ship blasted out into open space, accelerating rapidly,
and leaving their captor and his ship behind them.

After a few minutes of zooming through space in silence, Tenchi sat down in
one of the seats.  "Well, we're out!  Do you think that Kagato will try to
follow us?"

Ryoko chuckled.  "HA!  He can try, but it won't do him any good!  That old
ship of his is too bulky to get to any reasonable speed.  Not to mention, my
Ryo-Ohki is the fastest ship in the entire galaxy!!  We're not going
anywhere near top speed now, but if we wanted to, we could ditch just about
anything that might come after us."

"Really?  How fast does she go?"

At that moment, a flashing blue light came from behind them, lighting up the
ship and illuminating the cockpit.  Ryo-Ohki began to slow down quite a bit.
 Ryoko rolled her eyes and sighed.  "I guess she goes a little TOO fast."

"What?  Why do you say that?"

By then the ship had slowed to a crawl, and a voice soon came from the radio
on the console.  "Attention!  Your ship has been clocked at twelve
light-years per second, four times the regulation velocity of a residential
star system.  Once you've come to a complete stop, prepare for immediate
boarding!"

"What's THAT?" Tenchi asked?

"Well, uh... when you fly too fast, and the Galaxy Police are around, they
override your systems and board your ship, then they make you pay them a lot
of money."

Tenchi's eyes narrowed.  "So, Ryoko, you're telling me that we got pulled
over in space and are now going to get a SPEEDING TICKET??!!"

                                                      To be continued.......