All characters are property of AIC/Pioneer
No Need For An Ominous Presence
Chapter 5: No Need For Compunction
By Misanthrope

The moon and stars shone brightly through a break
in an ominous cloud cover that was fast advancing.
Inside the Masaki household, Katsuhito, Ayeka,
Tenchi, Sasami and a groggy Mihoshi sat at a
dinner table packed with food from yet another
dinner prepared by the resourceful younger princess
of Jurai.  Mihoshi yawned loudly as she helped herself
to a large serving of Sasami's Tempura fried seafood and
veggies.  "I really appreciate you coming to wake me
Sasami." Mihoshi remarked with yet another yawn.  "Oh! It's
no problem at all!" Sasami responded with a bright smile.
"I know how tired you must be after staying up all night
working so hard!"  Sasami stated sympathetically.  Ayeka
snorted derisively in response to Sasami's remark.  "Another
hard night's napping on the console of the Youkinojo while
intergalactic crime rages on unabated?" queried the crown
princess of Jurai sarcastically.  Mihoshi's eyes widened
in shock and indignation.  "I'll have you know that being
a GP Detective is very hard work and requires constant
vigil and lightning quick reflexes!"  Mihoshi argued in her
defense, forcing each syllable through a mouthful of tempura
fried veggies and prawn..  "Yes, it must be a never ending battle to stop 
all
the crimes being perpetrated by intergalactic criminals
outside earth's atmosphere."  Ayeka noted dryly.  Mihoshi
blinked several times as she regarded Ayeka with a blank
look on her face.  "You mean. . ." Mihoshi began
apprehensively, ". . .there are real intergalactic criminals
out there!?"  Mihoshi finished with alarm.  Ayeka's face
faulted in response to Mihoshi's ingenuous display of
distress.  "Mihoshi, whatever do you mean. . ."  Ayeka
asked through gritted teeth with poorly concealed
frustration.  "Well. . ." Mihoshi began with a gulp, ". . .my
commander assured me that this part of the galaxy was
virtually crime free."  Ayeka sat shaking her head in
disbelief. . ."Oh silly me. . ." Ayeka noted sarcastically,
". . .and all this time I thought this part of the galaxy was
a veritable hotbed of intergalactic criminal activity."  Mihoshi
straightened her posture proudly in response to Ayeka's
apparent concession of her ignorance, "It's easy for an
individual such as yourself who is not well informed about
intergalactic crime to be mistaken about such things."  Mihoshi
assured with understanding.  Ayeka shook her head one last time
and stuffed her face with a mouthful of deep fried prawn to
prevent herself from further embarrassing Mihoshi.  As much
as Ayeka enjoyed taking advantage of Mihoshi's na‹ve nature,
it was far too easy to be of any real sport to her.  "However,
you can be rest assured princess, that if any criminals do
become a threat to us here on earth, I'll be here to take
care of it!"  Mishoshi said with finality before beginning
to hungrily stuff her face with rice.  "I'll sleep easier
knowing that." Ayeka responded with a wry smile
after gulping her mouthful of prawn.  Ayeka looked
for some amused understanding on the face of Tenchi
regarding Mihoshi's ignorant nature, but found none.
Tenchi sat with an absent look on his face as he picked
at his rice with his chopsticks.  Ayeka sighed with
disappointment, usually Mihoshi's inane behavior was
enough to provoke a chuckle or amused grin from
Tenchi, but this evening Tenchi didn't even act as though he
was aware of Mihoshi's presence. Whenever no one else could
appreciate Ayeka's exploitation of Mihoshi's shortcomings
for amusement, she could always depend upon Ryoko.  A
few innocent verbal traps set by herself and Ryoko to
make a fool of Mihoshi would quickly become an intense
competition between the two of them as they struggled to
see who could make the biggest ass of Mihoshi.  Although
Tenchi often scolded her and Ryoko for their cruelty
to Mihoshi, to the two of them, it was still worthwhile
sport.  Ayeka's face that had been brightened by a
nostalgic grin was darkened by a scowl as thoughts
of competition with Ryoko reminded her of less than
pleasant aspects of their tenuous relationship.  "She
may have a decent sense of humor. . ." Ayeka thought
to herself with contempt, ". . .but that by no means
precludes her from being an impertinent scoundrel."
"Is there something on your mind Ayeka," Katsuhito
began pleasantly, "you've grown quite quiet."  "Oh. . .uh
. . .Yosho."  Ayeka stammered as she shook her head
to clear her mind, "No, nothing at all.  Ayeka responded
uneasily.  "Hmmmmm. . ." Katsuhito droned.  "And what
about you Tenchi, you haven't eaten a bite of Sasami's
wonderful meal, are you sick?"  Tenchi straightened his
posture and looked over to Sasami, "I'm sorry Sasami,
I'm sure it's a wonderful meal, but I just don't have an
appetite. If you'll excuse me."  Tenchi finished respectfully.
Sasami responded with a disappointed expression as Tenchi
stood up from his place at the table, but quickly replaced it
with an understanding grin.  One of Sasami's favorite parts
of dinner was watching Tenchi as he enjoyed her cooking,
but she understood that it had been a difficult day for
everyone.  Tenchi began to make his way for the stairs
but was stopped by Katsuhito's stern voice, "TENCHI!"
Katsuhito called after him.  Tenchi wearily turned to
regard his grandfather who had his back turned to him
as he sat at the table.  "Yes Grandfather?"  Tenchi asked,
making no effort to hide his lack of enthusiasm.  "I would
like you to go downstairs and try to relieve Washu, I'm
sure she's hungry, and despite what she says, I don't think
Ryoko should be left alone right now.  I would like you to
keep an eye on Ryoko while Washu finishes her dinner."
Ayeka tensed in response to Katsuhito's request, but she
remained silent as she sipped her tea and regarded Tenchi.
Tenchi's shoulders slumped in response to the mention of
Ryoko's name, "Yes Grandfather." Tenchi responded with
defeat as he began to drag his feet towards the door to
Washu's lab.  "Teeeennnnchiiiii!" Katsuhito yelled in a
stern crescendo as Tenchi stopped in his tracks.  "Where
is the Master Key boy!?"  Katsuhito asked poignantly.
Tenchi flinched and he cursed himself for forgetting
about the sword after his grandfather had just berated
him for not taking proper care of it.  Without a word,
Tenchi made his way for the door that lead to the
basement stairs.  Mihoshi sat regarding Katsuhito
with a puzzled look as she nibbled on a piece of rice
that had been stuck to her chopstick.  "What's wrong
with Ryoko?" Mihoshi asked inquisitively.  Before
Katsuhito could respond, Ayeka was already answering
her question, "Don't tell me you didn't notice that
significant draft originating from upstairs?"  Ayeka
asked incredulously.  "Ummm. . .I just woke up. . ."
Mihoshi responded guiltily in a high-pitched shaky voice.
"And I don't suppose you noticed the absence of a
large portion of the living room floor when you came
in?"  Ayeka asked with skepticism.  "Ummmm. . .nooo. . .
I came straight in here after Sasami woke me up. . ."
Mishoshi responded uneasily.  "If an entire mob of intergalactic
villainy had descended upon this house and razed it to the
ground, the only thing that would have been left undisturbed,
would be your nap."  Ayeka said in an accusatory tone.  "Well. . .
I . . .ummmm. . .I was tired."  Mihoshi said defensively, her voice
broken up with small high pitched sobs."  "Mihoshi, would you
please pull yourself together!"  Ayeka pleaded with irritation.
"I'm. . .*sniff*. . .I'm s-or-or-or-y. . .*sniff*. . .is. . .*sniff*. .
is Ryoko. . .is she. . .*sob*. . .is she hurt?"  Mihoshi asked with
alarm, her voice undulating awkwardly in between sobs."  Ryoko
will be fine!" Ayeka snorted, "Considering the way Tenchi's room
looked after she was through with it, she's lucky she's in one piece!"
"Is Ryoko mad?" Mihoshi asked uneasily, the calm
returning to her voice.  "Yes, I would most certainly say
that Ryoko is 'mad,'  though not in the sense that you're
thinking of." Ayeka responded derisively.  "Oh. . . ." Mihoshi
responded in confusion.  Ayeka excused herself from the
table and went to the kitchen for some "special tea" to
help calm her nerves.  Explaining anything to Mihoshi
was always a tremendous test to Ayeka's patience.  In
most instances, it was all Ayeka could do to not attempt
to beat some measure of understanding into Mihoshi's
thick skull with her bear hands.  Ayeka strode up to the
cabinet in which the sake was kept and proceeded to
open the door which was already ajar.  As Ayeka opened
the cabinet door, her eyes widened in surprise and she
reached out urgently to try and catch a bottle of sake
that fell from the cabinet.  The bottle of sake rolled off
the tips of Ayeka's fingers and crashed onto the floor.
A large puddle of sake spread over the kitchen floor,
soaking Ayeka's socks.  Ayeka growled in frustration
until a curious look spread over her face as she looked
up to the cabinet to see what looked like an endless
supply of sake.  "Is everything all right?"  Katsuhito
spoke up from the other room.  "Yes I'm fine," Ayeka
replied absently as she continued to regard the large
supply of sake, "just a slight accident."  "Well," Ayeka
thought to herself haughtily, "it appears the gems weren't
the only thing that Ryoko had intended to pilfer today."
Ryoko went to a drawer in the kitchen and grabbed a
large stack of rags to begin soaking up the mess.  As
Ayeka knelt down to begin cleaning up the spilt sake,
she was startled by a voice from the entrance to the
kitchen, "Ayeka, wait."  Tenchi said with concern.
"Oh, lord Tenchi." Ayeka responded with surprise
as she fought back a blush from embarrassment
of her predicament and from flattery in response to
Tenchi's thoughtful smile.  "Please, Ayeka, you're
liable to cut yourself on the glass, and the sake is
soaking into your kimono.  Allow me."  Tenchi
said with a thoughtful smile as he knelt down and
took the rags from Ayeka.  Ayeka could only blush
and stammer a few words of bewildered appreciation
in response to such a kind, gentlemen's gesture from
Tenchi.  Ayeka stood up and took a few steps back
as Tenchi diligently laid rags about the puddle of
spilled sake and began to carefully pick pieces of
broken glass from the floor and place them in the
palm of his hand.  "I thank you Tenchi, please
be careful with that sharp glass."  Ayeka said with
sincerity.  Tenchi continued to pick large pieces of
broken glass from the floor while on his knees as
Ayeka watched with a thoughtful look on her face.
When Tenchi had finished picking up all of the large
pieces, he carried them over to the trash.  Ayeka bent
over to begin scooping up the soaked up rags but was
stopped by Tenchi's protests.  "Please Ayeka, don't
trouble yourself, let me finish this for you."  Tenchi
implored earnestly.  "Tenchi, I simply couldn't. . ."
Ayeka began before being cut off.  "Here."  Tenchi
said, as he reached up to the cabinet full of sake, opened
it, and pulled out a bottle for Ayeka.  "Please Ayeka, it's
been a long day for both of us, take this and go relax, I'll
take care of this mess."  "Tenchi, that is so thoughtful of
you."  Ayeka responded, her eyes glimmering with
excitement in response to a genuine display of concern
and affection from Tenchi.  "Tenchi, I'm going to finish
my dinner and make a trip to the onsen to relax, I thank
you for taking care of this for me." Ayeka said with a
slight bow.  "Ayeka."  Tenchi replied just as Ayeka
was about to turn and leave.  "Yes Tenchi?"  Ayeka
asked urgently with a hopeful look upon her face.
"I enjoyed our time together today."  Tenchi said with
sincerity.  Ayeka's face seemed to radiate in response
to Tenchi's earnest claim, "Yes Tenchi, I did as well,
I hope we have a chance to enjoy each other's time
in private again sometime soon."  Ayeka responded
hopefully.  "Ayeka, if you're planning to take that
tea to the onsen, perhaps you wouldn't mind if I
joined you when I'm finished here, I could use a
nice bath after the disaster we just went through."
Tenchi said with a smile.  Ayeka's eyes widened in
shock and elation as she suppressed a cry of pure
glee.  Ayeka could hardly believe her ears as her
her heart and mind raced in unison.  It was almost
too much for Ayeka to bear, not only had Tenchi
expressed true concern and affection for her, but
here he was actually REQUESTING to join Ayeka
for a bath as if he hadn't a shred of modesty in him.
"Yes. . .I. . .I. . . .uh. . ."  Ayeka stammered before
Tenchi interjected.  "Miss Ayeka, if that idea makes
you uncomfortable, or you would rather have your time
in the bath to yourself that's fi. . ."  Tenchi began
respectfully before Ayeka cut him off.  "No!  No of
course not Tenchi, I would love to have your company
for tea, please, when you are finished come join me!"
Ayeka said with ebullient enthusiasm as her face glowed
red with excitement and joy.  Ayeka spun on her heel
and walked straight past the dinner table and her plate
full of food.  "Ummmm. . . Miss Ayeka?"  Mishoshi
asked in her usual tentative manner in an attempt to
get Ayeka's attention.  Ayeka strode past the table
with a noticeably enthusiastic bounce to her step and
a look of pure glee on her face as she made her way to the
stairs with the bottle of sake.  Katsuhito seemed to take
no notice as he sipped his tea.  "Wellllll. . ." Mihoshi
began carefully, ". . .I suppose if Ayeka isn't going to
finish her dinner she wouldn't mind if I. . ." Mihoshi
said as she slowly reached for Ayeka's plate before being
scolded by Sasami.  "Mihoshi, save that extra for
Ryoko, you've already had a lot, and Ryoko's had a
tough day, she'll be hungry!"  Sasami stated assertively.
"Oh. . ."  Mihoshi responded in a fashion that was
a cross between a sob and groan as she retracted her
eager hands guiltily.  "Miya!"  Ryo-ohki chimed eagerly
from atop Sasami's head.  "Oh all right, I haven't forgotten
you."  Sasami said with a giggle as she reached into the
pile of Tempura battered foods and pulled out a giant
deep fried carrot.  "Miya!"  Ryo-ohki chimed enthusiastically
as she hopped down from her spot on Sasami's head and
onto the table where she began to hungrily munch on
the crispy fried carrot.  Sasami giggled happily in
response to the cabbit's enthusiasm and didn't notice
Ayeka as she came up behind Mihoshi who was sitting
across from Katsuhito.  Ayeka, with a towel and bathing
suit held under her arm and a bottle of sake in her hand
reached out with her free hand and grabbed Mihoshi on
the right shoulder.  Mihoshi let out a startled yell of fright
in response to Ayeka's gesture and threw her arms out wide,
spilling a cup of tea and knocking a few pieces of Tempura
from the plate and onto the floor.  Mihoshi craned her
head to the right urgently to identify what had landed on
her shoulder.  "Mihoshi!"  Ayeka yelled in alarm as she
yanked her hand away from Mihoshi's shoulder, "Please
control yourself, I was merely trying to get your attention!"
Ayeka snapped in frustration.  "Ohhhh. . .Miss Ayeka, I'm
so sorry, you scared me!"  Mihoshi said as she wiped her
brow in relief.  "Hmmmmmm. . ."  Katsuhito sighed
monotonously.  "I've had enough excitement for one night,
I think I'll excuse myself before I get myself mixed up in
any more of the confusion around this place." Katsuhito
sighed wearily as he stood up.  "Ohhhhh. . ." Mihoshi
moaned guiltily as she looked at the tea that had spilt down
the front Katsuhito's kimono from Mihoshi's spill.  "I'm so
sorry honorable grandfather!"  Mihoshi stated earnestly.
"That is quite all right Mihoshi, it was an accident, and
I have plenty more kimonos.  You need not worry about
a matter this trivial."  Katsuhito said thoughtfully
as he made his way to the front door.  "Oops."  Mihoshi
groaned under her breath as she watched Katsuhito make
his way out the front door.  Ayeka sighed wearily in
response to the difficult blonde seated below her before
speaking up, "Mihoshi, I must speak with you."
"Oh of course. . .ummmm. . .Ayeka?" Mihoshi asked
hesitantly, an innocent look upon her face.  "What is it?"
Ayeka asked impatiently.  "Well, I see you didn't finish
your dinner, and if you aren't going to finish it, Sasami
was going to save it for Ryoko. . ."  Mihoshi began
hesitantly.  "What is your point Mihoshi!?"  Ayeka
snapped.  "Well, I just figured that if you were to choose
between myself and Ryoko, considering the two of you
don't get along so well, that you would rather it be ME
who ate the. . ."  "Mihoshi!"  Sasami scolded from across
the table.  "Sorry."  Mihoshi choked in a shameful voice.
"What on earth are you going on abou. . ." Ayeka asked
in frustration before Sasami cut her off.  "Don't mind her
Ayeka, go ahead and tell Mihoshi whatever it is you wanted
to tell her."  Sasami said as she regarded her sister with
curiosity.  "Actually, Sasami, I would like to speak to
Mihoshi in private."  There were a few moments of silence
as Sasami sat regarding her sister before Ayeka spoke up
once more.  "Sasami?"  Ayeka prompted.  "Ohhhh. . .I get
it."  Sasami said with disappointment as she stood up.  "Come
on Ryo-ohki." Sasami said.  Ryo-ohki who was lying on her
back in contentment after gorging on Tempura fried carrot,
righted herself and began to scale up the back of Sasami's
kimono with her sharp claws.  Sasami giggled as the cabbit scaled
her way up Sasami's back and hopped atop her usual
perch on Sasami's head.  "I'll go ahead and start on the dishes,"
Sasami began, "Mihoshi, would you mind clearing the table
when the two of you are finished?" Sasami asked.  "Yes, of
course!"  Mihoshi responded happily as Sasami made her
way for the kitchen.  "What was it you wanted to talk to
me about Ayeka?"  Mihoshi asked curiously.  "I want to
discuss with you a manner of great importance Mihoshi,
so please make yourself comfortable and listen very
carefully."  Ayeka said in all seriousness.  "Ohhhhh. . ."
Mihoshi responded gravely.  Ayeka kneeled down
at the table across from Mihoshi and cleared her throat.
Mihoshi sat regarding Ayeka with a blank look on her
face as she munched a piece of Tempura fried prawn that
she had grabbed from the large plate in the middle of
the table.  Ayeka arched one eyebrow as she regarded
Mihoshi, "Aren't we supposed to be saving the left
over Tempura for Ryoko?" Ayeka asked accusingly.
Mishoshi hungrily stuffed the uneaten portion of the
prawn into her mouth in response to Ayeka's query
and tried to respond, "*mmmfff*. . .oh. . .*chomp*
. . .*smack*. . .yeah. . .*gulp*. . .oops."  Ayeka
shook her head as she regarded Mihoshi with an
incredulous look.  Mihoshi stared back at Ayeka
with a feigned look of innocence and a sheepish
grin.  "Mihoshi, we need to have a serious talk about
your responsibilities as a Galaxy Police Detective."
Ayeka said gravely.  "Oh!"  Mihoshi blurted out in
alarm, "I really tried hard not to crash this morning,
really I did, and I am getting better, I've just never
been very good. . ."  Mihoshi raved guiltily before
Ayeka interjected.  "Mihoshi!"  Ayeka snapped
angrily.  Mihoshi abruptly stopped pleading in her
defense and regarded Ayeka with her mouth hanging
open.  "This has nothing to with your obvious inability
to properly fly a space craft!"  Ayeka snapped in
agitation.  "Now waitaminnit!"  Mihoshi retorted
with indignation.  "Could we just forget about your
ship for now so we can get this over with!?"  Ayeka
yelled as she slammed her fist down on the table, her
nerves frayed by the relentless attrition of
Mihoshi's incessant babbling.  "Ummmm. . .sorry. . ."
Mihoshi responded in shame.  "Now Mihoshi, what I'm
about to tell you, you may find hard to take, but I need you
to be strong and take what it is that I have to say very
seriously."  Ayeka implored as she bore down on
Mihoshi with a stern glare.  "Ummm. . .what is it
Miss Ayeka?"  Mihoshi asked with apprehension.
"The both of us are familiar with Ryoko's past obliquity
and exploits as a villainous space pirate."  Ayeka began
in a serious tone.  "Ummm. . .Miss Ayeka?"  Mihoshi
asked hesitantly.  "What is it?"  Ayeka sighed with
resignation.  "What's obliquity?"  Mihoshi asked in
a puzzled voice.  Ayeka arched an eyebrow at Mihoshi
and cast her a frustrated look, "Would you never mind that!
Go look it up in a dictionary!  Now pay attention!"  Ayeka
snapped in agitiation.  "Sorry. . ." Mihoshi said sheepishly.
"What Ryoko did today proves her complete inability
to reform and put her dissolute ways behind her!"  Ayeka
said emphatically.  "She did what again?"  Mihoshi asked
in confusion.  Ayeka reached across the table and grabbed
Mihoshi by the collar of her turtle neck sweater and began
to shake her violently.  "SHE NEARLY KILLED LORD
TENCHI AND MYSELF AND SHE DESTROYED
TENCHI'S ROOM!!!"  Ayeka screamed incredulously
as she continued to shake Mihoshi violently.  Mihoshi
began to sob uncontrollably as Ayeka shook her.  "I-I-I
I-I'M S-S-S-S-S-S-S-O-O-O-O-O-R-R-R-R-R-Y"  Mihoshi
responded in a shaky voice choked with sobs.  Ayeka
relinquished her grip on Mihoshi's collar  and tried to
compose herself.  "I apologize for that Mihoshi, but
sometimes I feel that there is no other alternative to
physical force when it comes to trying to explain
something to you."  Ayeka said sincerely.  "Oh. . ."
Mihoshi groaned in between sobs.  "Ryoko caused
all this trouble simply because of her shameless
avarice!"  Ayeka said emphatically.  "Her. . .oh. . .
her ummmmm. . .her what?" Mihoshi asked hesitantly
as she cringed, awaiting yet another harsh scolding
from Ayeka.  Ayeka simply sighed and continued,
"Ryoko's greed for her gems is what cause all this
trouble in the first place.  We all know that it is
in the best interests of life everywhere that Ryoko
not reacquire her other two gems."  Ayeka explained.
"Uh-huh." Mihoshi responded uneasily, feeling nervous
about where Ayeka was taking this conversation and
about what it was that Ayeka wanted from her.
"Tenchi is custodian to those gems, when Ryoko
attempted to steal them back, she not only disrespected
Tenchi and everyone living under this roof, but endangered
all our lives."  Ayeka explained urgently.  Mihoshi swallowed
nervously as Ayeka continued.  "In light of the type of
atrocities that we all know Ryoko is capable of, considering
her past exploits, I cannot simply disregard this behavior as
as something forgivable."  Ayeka asserted haughtily.  Mihoshi
continued to regard Ayeka nervously.  "As the crown princess of
Jurai, it is my duty to mitigate the danger that Ryoko poses
to life everywhere.  Ryoko's shameless greed and disregard
for the welfare of others proves her lack of willingness
to reform."  Ayeka stated soberly.  "I'm sure Ryoko was just
having a bad day." Mihoshi said absently as she stared down
at the floor and reflected on her disturbing dream from that
morning.  "Even if that were the case Mihoshi, no day is
bad enough to excuse actions as reprehensible as the
one's committed by Ryoko today."  Ayeka said resolutely.
"It is my duty as the crown princess of Jurai to insist
that you inform Galaxy Police headquarters of Ryoko's
recidivism and request back up so that you may take
Ryoko into custody and see that she is extradited to proper
authorities."  Ayeka said with finality.  "But Miss Ayeka,
I simply couldn't do such a thing to Ryoko!  We've
been living under the same roof for so long.  It would
be so dishonorable!"  Mihoshi cried in alarm.  "What
Ryoko did today is dishonorable, she has brought
the consequences of her actions upon herself!"  Ayeka
said sternly.  "But Miss Ayeka!  Surely there is some
other way. . ."  Mihoshi began before Ayeka cut her off.
"There is no other way!  Both you and I Mihoshi have
a great deal of responsibility considering each of our
unique positions, and there are many individuals who
depend on us to uphold our responsibilities."  Ayeka
was quick to remind.  Mihoshi stared down at her
feet nervously as she sat with her arms wrapped around
her knees as Ayeka continued.  "When I insist
that you begin making strides to take Ryoko into
custody, I am not speaking to you as a guest of
the Masaki's, I'm speaking to you as the crown
princess of Jurai and as a person of greater
stature and authority than yourself.  I by no means
intend to come across as arrogant or domineering
Mihoshi, I simply feel that it is my responsibility
to insure that Ryoko is prevented from becoming a
danger to anyone else, or even to her self.
I must see that she is taken into custody by the most
qualified  individuals available. . .which is why I
insist that you  call for back up. . ." Ayeka finished
with urgency.  "What will Ryoko think of us?"
Mihoshi asked while shaking her head as she continued
to stare at the floor.  "That is not our concern Mihoshi,
perhaps Ryoko should have considered such things before
she put Tenchi's life in danger and razed part of
his house."  Ayeka said unsympathetically.
"Right. . ." Mihoshi said uneasily, mortified
that her dream from that morning was fast becoming
a reality.  "Mihoshi, I expect you to make contact
with Galaxy Police headquarters right away, I am
truly sorry to put you under this pressure, but it is
my duty, I have no other choice."  Ayeka said
weakly, a noticeable measure of compunction
evident in her voice.  Mihoshi began to clear
the table unenthusiastically, dragging her feet
as she made her way for the kitchen.  "I'll get
right on that."  Mihoshi said with a blank look
that betrayed the momentous guilt and apprehension
that plagued her.

misanthrope32@hotmail.com




