Author’s Note: Most of the characters in the following story are not mine
and in no way do I claim them to be.  Nor do I claim that I created the
universe that the characters are placed in.  The characters and the
universe remain the property of Hitoshi Okuda, Pioneer LDC, INC and
Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO.  Please do not sue.  This is a fanfic
and is nothing more than a show of my appreciation to the creators of
Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

                        Chapter 2

The sun was shining in miniscule droplets of colored light, which then
trickled down through the pillow-like clouds and rolled off the roof of the
Masaki household.  Undulating in rivulets the little bands of light flittered
through the lush grass around Funaho Pond before finally rolling into the
water to be bounced back up to the heavens.

            Tenchi was lying contentedly next to the pond with a small blade
of grass hanging from the corner of his mouth waiting for the call to lunch. 
His eyes were closed and he was wholly enjoying the feel of the grass
underneath him and the feeling of the sun striking his face causing patterns
to form on his closed eyelids.  Breathing a sigh out through his mouth he
almost passed to the state of sleep when a sensation touched his lips.  It
was warm and it came in bursts.  After a moment he realized it was air
but not natural air.  Someone was…  Tenchi’s eyes were open in a flash
and he began to try and stand but found that something was holding him
down.

            “RrrraaaaaaRyoko!  What are you doing!”

            Tenchi had stopped struggling for a moment and peered through
very confused and wide eyes at Ryoko who was atop him and was at the
moment using her considerable strength to hold him down.  The sun was
currently glinting as much off her silvered hair as it was causing her eyes to
shine deviously.

            “What are you doing?”  Tenchi repeated.  “Get off me!”

            Ryoko’s eyes widened and she placed a very innocent and
flirtatious look on her face.  “Oh come now Tenchi dear, you can’t
possibly mean you don’t like waking up like this?  Can you?”  Her finger
was slowly toying with a lock of her own hair.

            “You were breathing in my face!”

            “You don’t like that?”  Said Ryoko as she leaned once more
towards Tenchi until her lips were only inches from his.

            “AaaaaaaaaRyoko!  What are you doing!  Aaagggh get off me!”

            “But I’m not holding you down anymore silly.”

            Tenchi looked down and quickly noticed this and with equal
speed leapt to his feet.  He speedily brushed himself off.  Then looking
back to where Ryoko had been he found that she was gone.  “Umm. 
Ryoko?  Where… are you?”

            “Behind you!”

            Tenchi had no time to react when he felt a hefty push from behind
that sent him face forward into the pond.  While still underwater and
inhaling quite a bit of it he felt Ryoko landing on top of him.  “This is it!” 
He thought.  “I’m going to die!”

            However Ryoko had other plans for Tenchi and aided him to the
surface of the pond.  With his first breath Tenchi began his protest anew. 
“Ryoko!  We’re still in our clothes!  Arrg I didn’t want to swim today!” 
Tenchi was momentarily silenced as he felt Ryoko place her arms around
him.

            “Oh come on Tenchi, let’s have a little fun, me and you.”  She
leaned closer to his face.

            Tenchi began to struggle.  “Ryoko this is so indecent!  What if
somebody sees us!  Stop blowing in my ear!  Are you listening Ryoko?”

            Suddenly a harsh voice came from nearby.  “Just what do you
think your doing to Lord Tenchi you uncultured mongrel of a woman!”

            Ryoko dematerialized and Tenchi quickly fell under the water as
she had been holding him up at that particular moment.  Rematerializing in
front of Aeka, the one who had shouted, Ryoko calmly spoke to the
princess who had appeared quite mysteriously by the pond. 
“Uncultured?  Oh come now princess I know you think about doing
things like that all the time.”  She motioned to Tenchi who was gasping for
breath at the edge of the pond.

            Aeka turned a shade of red and shook her head vigorously. 
“No!  Never would I think of such a thing!  How dare you even suggest
it!”

            Ryoko placed a sly look on her features.  “I only suggest what I
see…”

            “Why… you, you… woman!”

            “Keen observation princess.”

            Now both Aeka and Ryoko placed their heads very close to
each other.

            “You see Ryoko,” began Aeka.  “I’m not the one who has to
resort to violence to get to Lord Tenchi.  I saw how you pushed him into
the pond.”

            “Ah so you were watching?  I thought you were well-bred
princess.  You were spying on us.”

            “There’s nothing between you and Lord Tenchi to spy on!”

            “Oh really?  Then how did we end up alone like that?”

            “Rrrrr!  That’s it!  You’ve spread lies for the last time Ryoko!”

            “There aren’t any lies to tell princess!”

            Ryoko had now activated her energy sword and Aeka was
preparing defense.  Tenchi had dragged himself out of the pond when he
caught sight of the two.

            “Listen girls… there’s really no need for this and-“

            “Shut up!”  The two said in unison.

            Tenchi took the opportunity to hide behind the nearest rock. 
Now both Aeka and Ryoko were trading blows at each other with great
ferocity causing quite a lot of damage to the surrounding area.  Somehow
over the racket Tenchi managed to hear Sasami call from the house that
lunch was ready.  Waiting until there was a good lull in the fighting Tenchi
ran to the house.  Sasami greeted him at the door with her usually perky
smile and personality and followed him into the eating area where a feast
had been prepared.

            Tenchi quickly greeted his father and his grandfather and Mihoshi
and Kiyone.  Tenchi knelt at the table and looked around.

“Where’s miss Washuu?”  He asked.

            Sasami smiled in a very youngish way.  “In her lab.  I don’t think
she’ll be joining us.”  She looked at Tenchi’s shirt.  “Tenchi your all-”

            Tenchi nodded and interrupted Sasami as he was still rather
nervous.  “Oh, I see, I suppose she’s up to her experiments again.”

            At the moment Katsuhito was taking a small sip of his tea.  “So
where is Lady Aeka and miss Ryoko?”

            Tenchi scratched his head.  “Um… talking out their differences.”

            “I see and would this be near the pond by any chance?”

            “How did you know grandfather?”

            “Look at your shirt Tenchi.”

            “Oh that’s right!  I forgot I fell into the-… um, yes.”  Tenchi hung
his head.  “I’ll go get changed.”

            Tenchi left the table and hastily went up the stairs.

            A wide grin spread itself on Nobuyuki’s features.  “That’s my
Tenchi!  Two girls in the pond!  I was never that quick when I was his
age!”

            It was at this moment that the front door banged open and the
dejected forms of Aeka and Ryoko entered the room.  The two were
tattered, torn, sweaty and leaning upon each other as either was two
weak to walk alone.  It was clear that after their disagreement some
accord had been reached so they could at least get to the house under
their own power.  Passing by without a word the two crawled up the
stairs and disappeared.

            Nobuyuki’s smile widened.  “That’s my boy!  Gave them quite a
workout!”

*            *            *

In her lab Washuu was typing like she had gone mad.  Hundreds of
holographic screens flashed before her eyes as her fingers moved like
lightning.  She had some tea next to her but it had long gone cold.  Soon
she was talking to herself as she worked, hoping that hearing her thoughts
would help her.

            “It just doesn’t make sense.  I’ve never seen this kind of energy
before.  It has abilities I can’t even comprehend!  No wonder military
communication activity has skyrocketed.  Something’s not right here and I
think its bad, very bad.”

 

To be continued…


