Washu types into her console and soon she receives a
message from the mainframe.

	Mainframe:  Receiving transmission.
Source is confirmed as Daniel.

Washu:  Initiate up link.

	Mainframe:  Affirmative.

Daniel appears on the screen.  He smiles happily.

	Washu:  What has you in a good mood?

	Daniel:  I got a new toy to test!  Check this
out.

A white door teleports by Washu and Daniel steps
out.

	Daniel:  Tada!

	Washu:  Why am I not surprised?

Sasami walks in.

	Sasami:  Hi Dan!

	Daniel:  Hi there, Sasami.  Where is Feng?

	Sasami:  Eating breakfast.

	Daniel:  Well, I’ll catch him later.  I got to
start writing soon.  Later!

	Sasami:  Bye Daniel.

	Washu:  Sayonara.

Daniel fades away and starts to think up some ideas
for this episode.

	Washu:  I still don’t trust that guy.

	Sasami:  Why?  He hasn’t done anything
bad.

	Washu:  Not yet . . .

Washu is turned into a kappa.

	Daniel:  I heard that!

^_^    ^_*    >_<   @_@   ^_^;   =_=   *_*  -_-
          (Emoticons…. rrriiiggghhhhtttt….)
#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#

The morning sun raises and awakens Ryoko and
Ayeka who had been watching Tenchi restore his
diminished power and spirit.  Ayeka rubs the sleep
out of her eyes while Ryoko stretched.

	Ayeka:  Tenchi  . . .

	Ryoko:  Let him rest a bit longer.

	Ayeka:  Then let’s get something to eat.
Ten-chan, I shall return.

Ayeka quietly walk out but Ryoko stays floating
above Tenchi.  Carefully she sits on the edge of the
trying her best not to disturb him.  She speaks softly
into Tenchi’s’ ear.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi dear, you were so brave and
strong.  I love you.

	Tenchi {while asleep}: Ryoko . . . I love you
to.

Ryoko leaned over and kissed Tenchi lightly on the
forehead.  Ryoko left the bedroom reluctantly.

Down in Feng’s room a large arthropod crawled on
his chest.  He slowly wakes up as it gets closer.

	Feng:  And just what do you want Gladius?

	Gladius:  Skee, crick hiss.

	Feng:  You need a snack before you go in
your cocoon?

	Gladius: [nods]

	Feng:  I better go with you then.  Somebody
might mistake you for a tarantion and squish ya’.

Gladius sweats.  Feng gets up and out of bed; Gladius
hops on his shoulder.  Feng changes into some nice
clothes then heads out the door.  On the way out
Washu stops him.

	Washu:  Feng is that insect your pet now?

	Feng:  Yeah, I just got to feed this guy
something before it wraps up his cocoon.

	Washu:  How long will be the
metamorphosis last?

	Feng:  Well, since the metabolism and
adaptation factors have been increased . . . about two
hours.

	Washu:  Impressive.  Then its new functions
will be available.

	Feng:  Right.  Gladius will be able to
support the space ship form like Ryo-Ohki.

	Washu:  How?  I see you took a sample
from her.

	Feng:  Right, I took a hair sample from the
brush Sasami uses to groom Ryo-Ohki’s fur.

	Washu:  You broke the DNA down into a
solution then you fed it to Gladius here.

	Feng:  I can’t hide anything from the
‘Universes greatest genius scientist’, can I?

	Washu:  [Smiles] Nope, you can’t.

	Feng:  Well got to go now.  Oh.  By the
way, will you help me with getting the party
together?  I can’t trust Noboyuki. He is an ecchi old
man.

	Washu:  Ha, ha, ha!  Sure you can count on
me to help.

	Feng:  Thanks little Washu.

Washu smiles and gives Feng a peace sign before she
walks away to start her experiments.  Feng turns to
the door and crosses sub-space to the Masaki house.
Sasami is in the kitchen cooking culinary delights.
The smell permeates throughout the rooms.
Instinctively Feng wipes the imaginary drool of his
mouth.

	Feng:  Oh, man I love what I smell! Sasami,
what are you cooking?

	Sasami:  Okonomiyaki, smoked fish, rice,
and miso soup . . .

Ayeka and Ryoko stare each other down in the living
room.  The usual fight was about to ensue but
something had stopped them.  They hear a scream
from the kitchen.

	Sasami:  FENG!  Get that THING out of My
kitchen NOW!  AHHH!


Ryoko and Ayeka arrive instantly to see Sasami on
the counter frightened and Ryo-Ohki hissing at
Gladius.

	Feng:  Gladius!  Stop it!

	Ayeka:  What is that dirty insect doing in the
kitchen?!

	Ryoko:  That bug better not have laid eggs
in anything or it’s going to be a grease spot on the
sports page!

	Feng:  That is so typical of you two, always
jumping to conclusions!

	Sasami:  Just get what you need and get out!

Feng was not happy to say the least.  He found some
bamboo shoots, which should be enough for poor
Gladius.  He then got a glass of water and poured a
fair amount of sugar in it.  Feng turned to Sasami and
bowed deeply.

	Feng:  Gomen nasai, Sasami-chan.  I should
have warned you about Gladius.

	Sasami:  (sighs) I’m sorry Feng, but I am
afraid of bugs that are as big as a frying pan.

	Gladius:  {sad} Cree . . .

	Feng:  She knows you’re very sorry.  Let’s
go feed you this and then you’ll go in that cocoon to
change into your new form.

Feng walks out with Gladius on top of his head.
Gladius turned around and waved goodbye to
Sasami.  Sasami let out a relieved sigh and got back
to making breakfast.  Ayeka remained in the kitchen
to make sure that Feng didn’t come back with
Gladius.  Ryoko teleported away to parts unknown.

In Tenchi’s bedroom Tenchi wakes up slowly to the
sound of the birds outside.

	Tenchi:  (Yawn) The morning after . . .

	Ryoko:  Tenchi . . . I’m glad you are awake
now.

The space pirate teleported right by Tenchi.  She
looks expectantly in Tenchi’s eyes.

	Ryoko:  Just you, Tenchi dear and me.
(Sultry laughter)

	Tenchi:  [Sweats] Now Ryoko . . .

Before Tenchi could sat another syllable Ryoko
kissed him full on the lips.  Tenchi didn’t pull away
or try to run.  He sat their lips intertwined with
Ryoko.  Ryoko would give and do anything for this
moment and now, it finally has come.  There are no
words to describe let alone even come close to how
the sheer rhapsodic joy she felt now.  They broke the
kiss and reintroduced themselves to good friend
called air.  Tenchi looked at Ryoko completely blown
away.

	Tenchi:  Wow.

	Ryoko:  Yeah, I enjoyed it to.

Tenchi smiled as he took in the full realization of
what just happened.  A long silence fell in the room.
Soon Tenchi’s rumbling stomach would break it.

	Tenchi:  Heh!  I guess I’m hungry.

	Ryoko:  I think so to.

In the onsen Feng sits luxuriating the warm water.
Gladius is not too far away in it’s cocoon developing
into it’s new form.  Feng starts to clean up.  Oddly
Kiyone had just walked into the onsen but instead of
going to the women’s bath she arrived at the men’s
bath.

	Feng:  Someone there?

Kiyone remained silent.

	Feng:  Hey, don’t make me get out of the
water.  I’m too comfortable to move!

At the same moment Tenchi came in to take his bath.

	Tenchi: [Blinks] KIYONE?

	Kiyone:  Hey guys, I got here by accident . .
. (nervous laughter)

3 hours later Feng stands by the pond with a newly
morphed Gladius is cradled in Feng’s arms.  Gladius
has taken the shape on the lines of a horse shoe crab
with large pinchers and a scorpion like tail.  Feng
throws Gladius up in the air and it greatly increases
it’s size.  Now Gladius has turned into a spaceship.

	Feng:  Bring me aboard Gladius!

Feng disappears in a green glow and is now aboard
Gladius.  It takes off then streaks across space.

In Washu’s lab, Washu and Ryoko sit down as they
talk about Ryoko’s SPECIAL gift.

	Ryoko:  Are you sure that it’ll work?

	Washu: . . .

	Ryoko:  (sighs) Washu-chan, will this work?

	Washu: Sure!  Just remember that you need
to concentrate or your gift be all for nothing.

	Ryoko:  Don’t worry, Tenchi will love this!

Ryoko teleports out of the lab, she materializes in the
living room where everyone is wrapping their gifts.
Kiyone finishes wrapping a CD from Ai Orikasa
titled "Room Service".  Ayeka put her book that she
made for Tenchi about Jurai and it’s traditions.
Mihoshi fell face first into the room, apparently she
was in a rush.

	Mihoshi:  He’s coming!  Everyone hide your
gifts!

All the girls hurried to find a good hiding place for
the gifts.  Tenchi walks in lightly dirty from training
and working in the carrot patches.

	Tenchi:  Don’t mind me, I’m just getting my
things to take a bath.

Tenchi happily trots upstairs humming a song he
heard.  The girls let out a relaxed sigh and resumed
taking care of gifts and preparations.

Inside Gladius Feng paces around pondering how is
he going to find some good entertainment on such
short notice?  Feng stops having a great idea.

Feng:  Gladius head for Ishan's Star!

Gladius goes full speed and soon arrive to the
destination.  A signal pages them.

	Man:  Welcome to Ishan’s Star.  We have
openings in docks 73, 91, 1007, and 961.  How long
will you be docking?

	Feng:  Give me special dock number 5.  Tell
Ishan that Feng is back.

	Man:  {Scared} Ye-yes sir!

Gladius docks and shrinks back down to original size.
Ishan, a tall, muscular humanoid with flat gray hair
and lifeless black eyes approaches Feng.

	Ishan:  It’s nice to see you gracing my
establishment with your presence.  May I ask you
what business you have here?

	Feng:  Straight to the point that’s what I like.
I came here to relax for a while.  Don’t worry, I’ll
behave while I stay here.

	Ishan:  Thank you Feng.  Why isn’t your
clone and Sheera with you?  I know that they went
with you on a job . . .

	Feng:  Killed them for my failed contract
job.  I can’t have those two tarnish my record.

	Ishan:  I see.  Well enjoy your stay; call me
if you need anything.

	Feng:  Thanks friend.

Ishan walked away.  Feng started out for the “White
Collar” a bar for the elite criminals.  Gladius crawls
up on Feng’s shoulder and rubbed its head against his
cheek.

Feng: I know, I know.  We’ll get some food at the
bar.

Feng turns at a corner and arrives at the bar.  At the
entrance stands a scary looking bouncer.  Something
near the lizard bouncer caught his attention, a poster.

“Live one night only!”
	Kathryn
“Come and listen to the best singer in Ishan’s Star!”

Feng walked up to the door.  The bouncer instantly
recognized Feng and smiled.

	Bouncer:  Come to make my job easier as
well as wild?

	Feng:  Ah, come on Theo, you know I throw
out those gutter trash punks out to keep you hands
clean.

	Theo: (Chuckles) Have fun.

Theo steps aside to let Feng in.  Inside the bar all
sorts of well-known criminals, mercenaries, and
pirates sit together having friendly drinks.  Feng
smiled and laughed inwardly at thinking that Ryoko
would feel at home here.  A band plays music
keeping the customers entertained.  Feng sits at a
table and a waitress comes to him.

	Waitress:  Can I help you?

	Feng:  I would like a sirloin steak with fries,
a Samuel Adams lager to drink, then a bowl of sugar
water for my pet.

	Waitress:  Anything else?

	Feng:  No that’s it.

The waitress leaves to give the order to the cook.
Feng turns around so he could watch the band.
Instantly he recognizes the leader singer and bass
guitarist.  She was a close friend, very close friend
from Antioch.

	Feng:  {Amazed} Kathryn . .

Kathryn finishes singing “Defeat you” by Smash
Mouth.  Her sapphire eyes meet Feng’s own eyes.
She walked uncertainly to him.

	Kathryn:  Feng?

	Feng: Kat?  Is that you?

	Kathryn:  FENG!  Oh, god, I thought you
died in the war.

Kathryn holds Feng in tight hug as she sobbed
lightly.  Feng rubs her back cooing the poor woman.

	Feng:  I guess that wishing stone worked,
eh?

Kat:  I didn’t have to wish I knew that we were going
to find each other one day.

Kat pulls out a large topaz from a pocket in her
carpenter jeans and looks at it.  Feng gently knocks
on her head.

	Feng: Anybody home?

	Kat:  Stop it, you’re messing my hair up!

	Feng:  There we go.  Tell me, what have you
been doing all this time?

	Kat:  Ever since I was evacuated from the
palace it was mainly hiding from the Viragos.  After
the warfare was over with I returned home.  I waited
for you there about three years to come back.  I heard
about some guy going by the same name as yours
was contracting murders and such.  I had a feeling
that it was you.  I renounced my title of princess to
look for you.  Then I wound up here playing gigs to
pay my bills and fill the fridge.  Then today I finally
ran into you!

	Feng:  You know you didn’t HAVE to give
up your title just to find me.

	Kat:  Don’t you say that!  Feng, you have
been my BEST friend since I was five.  Bonds that
come with that are very deep, you’re like my big
brother.

	Feng:  Thanks Kathryn.  I needed to realize
how important I was to my friends.  It’s not been
easy for me the last 1700 years.  I seen so many
things that I shouldn’t have.  But it warms my heart
that I am seeing you right before my eyes.  Kathryn-
hime!

Kathryn sweats.  Gladius not wanting to miss out on
this happy reunion hops on the tabletop.  Kat smiles
at the insect.

	Kat:  Looks like you’ve been busy.  Tell me
what you have been up to lately.

	Feng:  Well, there’s nothing to say.

	Kat:  Come-on, I wanna know!

Feng sighs and tells Kat everything that he went
through up to now.  Half an hour later the waitress
comes with the food Feng ordered.

	Feng:  Thanks, how much do I owe you?

	Waitress: Nothing.  It’s on table seven.

Feng glances at table seven to only see the most
horrifying sight ever, Nagi.  She smiles and waves at
Feng.  Deciding to play it calm for now he smiles
back.  Feng turns his attention to more important
things (Kat).

Feng:  Do you want me to order you something, I
hate to eat in front of you.

	Kat:  I ate before I came here.  By the way,
since when did you start drinking?

Kat glares at Feng.  He sits there sweating and
scratching the back of his head.

	Feng:  Just one of those things that I did
while we were apart.

Kat:  Never mind I was just playing around.  Hey
Feng do you want to go sing a song with me?

	Feng: I don’t know . . .

	Kat: Please?

	Feng:  I’m not that good!

	Kat: PPLLEEAASSEE??  [Makes puppy
dog eyes] Do it for me.

	Feng:  Ok, ok, ok just don’t do that!  I can’t
help but feel guilty when I try to say no.

	Kat:  Yay! [Hugs Feng]

Feng and Kat step up on the stage and take their
places.  Back to back with guitars, everyone in the
bar pays close attention.

	Feng:  This is a favorite song of mine from
earth.  It’s “Clint Eastwood” by Gorillaz.

Feng and Kat play the song having tons of fun.
When it finishes the crowd goes wild with cheers.
Feng smiles as he bows.  Feng and Kat step off the
stage. They walk out of the bar laughing.

	Kat:  I thought you were pretty good.  Feng,
you may think this silly but, I really missed you.

	Feng:  There were times where I needed you
around pretty badly.  Now here you are and we can
start again as the best friends we are.

Feng wraps an arm around Kat and gives her a tight
hug.  Kat sighs happily, she knew things were finally
back to normal for her.

	Voice: Err-hem!

Kat and Feng turn around to see Nagi.

	Kat:  Who are you?

	Feng:  {coldly} Nagi!

Nagi:  Well, Feng Tiannai.  I should fetch a
fair amount of money for your head.  [Smirks]

Feng:  I’ve changed Nagi, and I will not let
you scare me anymore.  It would be simple enough
for you to just turn around and leave me be!

	Nagi:  You know I like to play rough.

	Feng:  So I have heard! [Stands ready to
fight]

Nagi blitzes Feng and delivers a powerful uppercut to
him.  Feng falls backwards, Kat rushes to him.

Kat:  Who the hell do you think you are by striking
my bro!

	Nagi:  Step aside or die with him.

Kat stands up and her brushes green/blonde hair out
of her eyes.

	Feng:  Kathryn, I will take care of this!

Feng jumps to his feet and charges at Nagi.  Nagi
dodges then coils her energy whip around Feng’s
neck.  Kat knocks Nagi to the ground.

	Nagi:  So the little kitten wants to play.

Kat:  I’m not here to play, I’m here for the catfight!

Kat let out an animalistic growl as she morphed into
a cheetah.  She bared her claws and advanced against
Nagi.  Feng passed out from the lack of oxygen due
to Nagi's whip.  Kat moved at an alarming pace that
Nagi could not keep up and was eventually
overwhelmed.  Kat sat by Feng and brought the back
of his head on her lap.  Kat slapped Feng once, hard.
He woke instantly.

	Feng:  I suppose you whomped her good?

	Kat:  Out like a light.

	Feng:  Before anything else happens can I
ask you a favor?

	Kat:  Sure Feng.  Name it.

	Feng:  Come with me to Earth.  I was up
here looking for somebody to play at a good friend’s
birthday party.

	Kat:  [Smiles] All I heard was something
about me being at a party.  Sure Feng, I’ll tag along.

	Feng:  Thanks Kat.

They get up and head for the docking bay to leave.

Mean while at the Masaki home!  Washu sits in the
living room typing into her console.  Washu gasps at
the recorded footage from the spy camera showing
Feng with another woman and fighting Nagi.  Ayeka,
who was sitting beside her looks at the screen and
turns white.

	Ayeka:  Is he “involved” with that woman?

	Washu:  I don’t have enough data but I
won’t that theory.

	Ayeka:  Then if he is then Feng might be
doing the same thing as before.  This does not bode
well.

	Washu:  Let’s not jump to conclusions.

Ryoko teleports in then looks at Ayeka and Washu
staring at the holographic console screen.  Ryoko
floats over and knocks on Ayeka's head.

	Ryoko:  Anybody home, Aeka-hime?

	Ayeka:  Ouch!  Ryoko, if you please!  I was
watching footage of Feng with another woman.

	Ryoko:  Kinky little thing aren’t, you.

Ayeka falls over but quickly gets back up.

	Ayeka:  That is not what I meant!  Washu
will you show Ryoko what we saw?

	Washu:  Yeah.

Ryoko watches the video clip and gets wide-eyed.

	Ryoko:  Just who is this girl?

Ryoko sees the Kathryn fight Nagi; she bites on her
thumb deep in thought.

	Ryoko:  Who ever she is, that girl has some
strength.  Look, she took down Nagi and that’s not
easy.

	Ayeka:  Yes I agree, but what is most
pressing is that both “Her” and Feng are coming back
here.  I worry for Ten-chan.

	Ryoko:  Nobody but us can know about this.
We’ll act normally and step in if things go bad.
Agreed?

	Ayeka:  Yes, a brilliant plan.

	Washu:  I don’t know this is something that
we have to see through.

	Ryoko:  Just keep working on the party,
Ayeka and I will take care of those two.

Ayeka and Ryoko leave Washu, she grumbles
something about regretting that she let Ayeka see that
recording.

Feng and Kathryn land by the lake, they get out then
walk to the house.  Washu is nowhere to be found
Ryoko sits in the rafters watching Feng and Kat
vigilantly.  Sasami walks out of the kitchen happily
she stops instantly seeing Feng.

	Sasami:  Feng!  You’re home!

The youth runs to Feng and hugs him.

	Feng:  Hey Sasami.  How’s that cake
coming along?

	Sasami:  Great!  Uh, Feng who’s that young
lady?

	Feng:  This is a very, very close friend since
childhood.  Her name is Kathryn.

	Sasami: Hello Kathryn, it’s a pleasure to
meet you.

	Kat:  Awe! She’s so kawai, you can call me
Kat if you want.

	Sasami:  Ok Kat.  Feng . . . [looks around] is
Gladius with you?

	Feng:  (laughs) Don’t worry, he is in the
woods trying to get a few crickets to eat.

Sasami lets a grateful sigh out.  Feng chuckles as he
tousles her hair.  Kat follows Feng into Washu’s’ lab,
Feng looks around for Washu.

	Washu:  Whoever you are, I’m busy.  Oh,
Feng you’re here.

	Feng: And why wouldn’t I be here?

	Washu:  Well I see that other girl is in your
company.

Feng blushed deeply at the implied fact.  Kat stood
there just smiling, she walked up to Feng and put her
arms around Feng’s neck.  This only worsened his
crimson hue.

	Kat:  I would love to go out with Feng but
he sees me as his little sister than a girlfriend.

	Feng: Let me go Kate.

Washu just smiled at all the ways to tease Feng right
now but the genius decided just to enjoy how red he
got when Kate glomps onto him.

	Washu:  Well if you two are done goofing
around then let me go get Kiyone.

	Feng:  I’ll go get Kiyone.  Washu can you
get the instrument database up when I get back?

	Washu:  It’s already done.

	Feng:  Now to get Kiyone.

	Kate: * Pouts * Now Feng you didn’t
girlfriend did you?

	Feng:  I’m sorry Kate, I thought that . . .
Never mind.

Feng runs out of the lab to find Kiyone.  Washu starts
to analyze Kate while Feng is gone.  As Feng stepped
out the door Ryoko and Ayeka stop him in his tracks
with an icy glare.

	Feng:  What’s wrong Ryoko-chan?

	Ryoko:  Don’t you “Ryoko-chan” me Feng!

	Ayeka:  Quiet, you come back with another
woman and you expect things to be normal?  Really,
you think us to be that naïve!

	Feng:  I don’t think anything but highly of
you two.  Now as for Kathryn, she is a VERY close
friend from childhood.  So I don’t think why either
one of you is raising such fuss!

	Ryoko:  Bullshit!  I know you are messing
around with Kathryn!

Unfortunately Kiyone entered the living room as
Ryoko said that.  Kiyone looked like if someone just
shot her.

	Feng:  Kiyone, wait!  Let me explain this!

	Kiyone:  Just don’t talk to me, I hate you!

	Feng:  Please just listen to me.  We have
started this relationship, are you going to let it end
over what Ayeka and Ryoko think they know?

Kiyone walked out of the living room, Feng lost the
strength in his legs and fell to his knees.

	Feng:  Ryoko, why?  Why did you do this to
me?

	Ryoko:  I just saved Kiyone the heartbreak.

After Washu finished her scans Kate walked into the
living room to see Feng on his knees in front of
Ryoko.

	Kate:  What’s going on here?

	Ayeka:  So, the harlot comes out.  I’ll assure
you that Tenchi is not available to the likes of you!

	Kate:  You listen up little girl!  Keep talking
like and I’ll show you the meaning of “cat got your
tongue”!

	Ryoko:  That’s right, Tenchi is mine and I’ll
fight for him if I have to.

	Feng:  Shut up!

	Ayeka:  Not until you explain yourself!
Why were you late coming home?  Were you
spending that time in bed with this woman?

	Feng:  NO!  I was getting Tenchi’s gift!  I
just spent all my money on it!

	Ayeka:  I see, you should have gotten a
more appropriate gift.

	Kate:  You’re pushing it princess!

Tenchi and Sasami walk into the room wondering
why there is screaming coming from here.

	Sasami:  Is everything ok?

	Ryoko:  Barely, Feng brought this woman
with him.

	Tenchi:  Who is she?

	Feng:  It’s Kate, remember the friend I
thought I lost.  Well I found her.

	Ayeka:  That does not explain why you were
so late!

Feng reaches into his pockets and pulls out four ring
boxes.

Feng:  Washu told me about what “gift” Ryoko had
in store for Tenchi.  Since Ryoko can create a
doppelganger I went to get four rings.  One for
Ryoko, you, and both of the Tenchi’s.  I thought
since that there would be two of them maybe Tenchi
would break down and finally marry you two.

Feng handed Tenchi’s rings to him He tossed the
others at Ryoko and Ayeka.  They all marveled at the
craftsmanship.  Thus making the two women feel
severely guilty.

	Feng:  I’ll be going now.  Since I’m not
even respected let alone trusted.

	Kat:  They should apologize!

	Ryoko:  And who is going to make us?

	Kat:  I will . . . [Glares at Ryoko]

@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#@#


	Daniel: This won’t end well!

	Kat:  Thanks Dan, I wanted to be in the
series!

	Daniel:  No problem, I’ll just call it a friend
insertion episode!

	Kat:  [Falls over] Daaannnn!

	Daniel:  What?

	Sasami:  Next episode is “New friends and
old enemies!”

	Daniel:  So, you better read it!
(Daniel would love to get feed back good/bad/or just
anything.  He’s at evldan@hotmail.com)

