Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, AIC and Pioneer does. I don't own Tenchi, Ryoko (they belong to each other), or anyone else. So don't sue me!

No Need for a Kidnapping: Chapter 2
By Chibi-C

Author's notes: Because of the large amounts of e-mail I got begging me not to write the lemon, I won't be writing it.
Kyinia: Damn!
Hentai no Kyinia!
Kyinia: Tee-hee.
Anyway, here's what happened in the last chapter:
The gang, minus Washu and the grown-up guys, decided to go to Tokyo for an evening out. Just before they were about to leave, they saw a strange light in the sky. Ryoko went to investigate, but she and the ship disappeared. 

"RYOKO!" Tenchi was officially panicking at this point. Where had she gone?

Just then, Washu came out and ran to the group that was standing outside in shock. "I have some disturbing news," she said. Then she noticed that one person was missing. "Where's Ryoko?"

Mihoshi spoke up first. "She...disappeared! There was a bright flash of light, and she was gone!"

Washu nodded solemnly. "It's just as I feared."

"What is it?" Sasami yelled, tears staring to well up in her eyes. "Is Ryoko going to be okay? Where is she?"

"I'm afraid that I can't answer that right now. It could take hours, maybe days, to find her." 

"If she's hurt or something..." Tenchi didn't finish his sentence.

Kiyone decided to speak up. "Ms...uh, Little Washu, I know you're doing all you can, but please hurry. In the meantime, we will make a plan to confront Ryoko's captors." Count on Kiyone to keep her composure in a situation like this.

"Alright. I'll tell you as soon as I get my information." Washu ran back into her lab, followed by Kiyone, who had been appointed her lab assistant.

Please be alright, Ryoko Tenchi thought.

*****
"Who the hell are you!?" Ryoko yelled. She tried to tear the ropes that bound her to the bench, but it was no use. She couldn't teleport out of them either.

"My identity is of no concern to you, space pirate," the cloaked figure answered.

"What do you mean, 'no concern to you'!? You kidnapped me, so I think it is my concern!" 

"Silence!" The sinister figure said. He waved his right index finger slightly, and Ryoko felt as if a million burning needles had been stuck into her body at once. As suddenly as the excruciating pain came, it disappeared again. 

"Now that you have seen my power firsthand, I trust that you will cooperate."

"Cooperate with what!?"

"My plan to capture the Masaki boy, of course."

"You leave Tenchi alone!"

"And if I don't?" he said in a tone that was just a little too arrogant.

"I swear, if you hurt him-AAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screamed as the burning sensation returned, this time for an agonizing five minutes.

***** 
"Washu, have you found anything yet?" Kiyone had been with Washu in her lab for over three hours, and was starting to get a bit impatient.

"No. And for some reason, my psychic link with Ryoko isn't working either," she stated matter-of-factly. "You know, it's possible that they are light years away by now."

"Yeah, but what would they want with Ryoko?"

Washu pondered this for a moment. Then a horrifying thought struck her. Maybe the same thing as Kagato.
 
*****
Tenchi had been pacing outside the door to Washu's lab ever since she and Kiyone had gone in. It was a surprise that he hadn't worn a hole in the carpet. What is taking so long? Just then, he felt a comforting hand on his shoulder. He turned to see Ayeka standing behind him.

"Don't worry so much, Tenchi. You know how strong Ryoko is. I'm sure she's fine right now. We just have to wait for Washu to find her."

Tenchi smiled warmly at Ayeka. He had to admit, she knew just what to say sometimes. Kinda like the big sister you never had.

Just then, if only for a split second, he felt an intense pain go through his body, but he knew it wasn't his. Which could mean only one thing...

Hurry up, Washu!

*****
"What do I have to do with your sick plans?" Ryoko said, her voice full of contempt.

"Simple. I'm using you as bait."

"Bait!? What do I look like, fish food!?" Ryoko may have been captured, but her smart-ass attitude didn't change a bit.

"You know, I've had just about all I can take of your smart-ass comments."

Ryoko smirked at the shadowy figure. "Then let me go."

The cloaked man pulled back his hood, revealing his face. He looked about 22, with evil ebony eyes and short brown hair. Everything about him looked sinister and dark. He grinned an evil grin at Ryoko, causing her to wipe the smirk off her face.

"I've got a better idea, Ryoko."

A second later, Ryoko's vision faded to black.

*****
"What could be taking Washu so long?" Another two hours had passed, and there was still no word from Washu.

"I don't know Tenchi, but instead of waiting, you should probably get out Tenchi-ken," Ayeka said calmly.

"You're right. I'll be right back."

Just before he was about to leave, Kiyone ran out of the lab. "Get into the lab quick!"

*****
Everyone ran into the lab. Now, the seven of them, including Katshihito and Nobuyoki, were watching Washu's huge video screen. On the screen was a man with black eyes and brown hair.

"Excellent," he said. "Now that your all here, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Anatio. And I believe I have something of yours."

"Cut the small talk, Anatio! Where's Ryoko?" Tenchi asked impatiently.

"Oooohhhh. Someone got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning, ne?"

Tenchi simply glared daggers at Anatio. 

"Good. Now that you're quiet, I can finish. You want to know where you're little demon is? Well, she's right here." He pointed at some place off the screen. The screen then shifted to show Ryoko.

The gang almost gasped at the sight they saw. Ryoko was unconscious, tied down to an odd looking floating bench. The screen then shifted back to Anatio.

"If you want her back, you" he said, pointing at Tenchi, "come alone. I'll transport you here right now."

"If you wanted me to come so badly, why didn't you just transport me earlier?" Tenchi said, wondering whether there was a method to Anatio's madness.

"This stupid thing won't work unless the person being transported agrees to it. So? You coming?"

"Y-"

"No!" Ayeka blurted out. "Tenchi, it's too dangerous to go alone. Let us come with you!"

"No," Anatio said. "If he doesn't come alone, he doesn't come at all. You have five minutes to decide. Goodbye now." With that, the screen went blank.

"Tenchi, you can't go!"

"Ayeka, I have to. I would do the same thing if it were any one of you up there."

"Yosho, talk some sense into your grandson!"

"Remember your training, Tenchi."

"ACK!" An unusually upset Ayeka left the lab.

"I have to go get Tenchi-ken," Tenchi said, also leaving.

"Tenchi, I sure hope you have a plan," Washu said.


Author's notes: There it is Minna-san. Chapter 2. I think it's a lot better than my first chapter.
Kyinia: That's just because I helped you write it.
Hey! (Sweatdrop.) You only helped a little.
Kyinia: Yeah, right.
Kyinia?
Kyinia: Yes?
If you don't start being nicer to me, I'm going to write you in a lemon with Katshihito!
Kyinia: EEP!
I thought that would get a rise out of you. Anyway, give me feedback at Carmel3309@aol.com. 
