Ya know what I have to say about copyright.

No Need For Family
			Chapter 9: Destination Unknown

	"Oh, you're mad because I killed your parents right? Well, if thats true, 
I didn't kill your parents."
	"What do you mean?" Ami asked softly.
	"I didn't kill them, she did." The girl smiled evily and pointed to Jen. 
Jen let out a small whine. It looked as if she had got beaten badly. 
	"I don't beleive you. Jen wouldn't do something like that to my parents. 
You made her do it."
	"Do you want to fight me little girl?" The girl said in an evil voice. 
	"You're on."
They fought for what seemed like an hour, when Maiaka heard something behind her 
move. She whirled around and noticed Jen moving on the ground. 
	"...Maiaka...You...Must..." She whimpered in pain. "You... Must... Free... 
The spirit... Of..." She collapsed on the ground and tried to stand again.
	"Of who, Jen?" Maiaka kneeled down and watched Ami distract the evil girl.
	"Of... Teresina..." Jen let out a gasp for air and settled down on the 
cold floor. 
	"Who is Teresina?"
	"She is Teresina." 
	"Here," Maiaka thrust a small blue crystal forward. "Take it." Jen stood 
up as the crystal was pinned to her collar. A few minutes later, she felt no 
pain, but was still tired from her battle with the evil girl.
	"Maiaka, millions of feet below us is a room. In the room you will find a 
coffin made of solid crystal, and inside that coffin is Teresina."
	"But I thought that was Teresina..." Maiaka looked at the evil girl. Ami 
was still making a great distraction. 
	"Well, she is. But that isn't the whole Teresina. That is the evil spirit 
of Teresina, and the one that is buried is the good side of her. Only if the 
good Teresina is awoken, will the evil one vanish, along with everything she 
caused. For you, that would mean you get your parents back. But, there is a 
problem. The entrence that leads to Teresina's burial quarters is blocked of by 
tons of crystal from a cave in the happened a long time ago. It's, in other 
words, an impossible mission." 
	"There has to be a way to get to those burial quarters." Maiaka fell into 
deep thought.
	"Even if you did manage to get down there, she would be a small child and 
of not much help to you."
	"I don't care, Jen. I just don't care. I went back into the past and 
warned my parents of the dangers that awaited. I really got to know what the 
were like awhile ago when they weren't always so preoccupied with their royal 
duties and actully had some time to spend with their kids. Heck, I bet if you 
ask dad my favorite color he wouldn't even know. I don't care, I will not give 
up. I will get down there." She took another special crystal and pinned it to 
Jen's collar. "Help Ami fight the evil Teresina. I'm going to find a way into 
those chambers." She took off before Jen could say anything to her. 
	"She's one brave kid." Jen shook her head sadly and went to help fight.

				       *******

	After hours of blowing up about a million walls, Maiaka stepped into a 
dimly lit room. It smelled musty and damp. In the middle of the room on a small 
platform was what looked like a coffin. She walked over to a inscription carved 
into diamond at the foot of the coffin. It read:

			"Here lies Teresina, beloved daughter of all good
			things. May she rest in peace with the angels."
		
				April 23 1892 - May 17 1983

	"Oh god, Do I really have to open this? What if she all decayed or 
something? Oh well, here goes." She walked over and with great effort managed to 
budge the lid a little. 
	"It's gonna take a lot more than that to get into this coffin." She 
sighed. "I'm just wasting my time. It's never going to work." She realized she 
had the sharp point still in her hand, and managed to yoou it as a lever to get 
the lid open. What she saw made her gasp. It wasn't a decayed body, but one that 
looked like it had just been placed there. Teresina looked like a mear child, 
and she was wearing a heart shaped diamond necklace. Her had diamond detailings. 
There was diamonds everywhere.
	"How was I told to do this again? Oh yeah, um, Teresina, Your evil side is 
taking over the land. Innocent people have been harmed or killed. Please awaken 
from your peaceful slumber and stop this evil."
Teresina's eyes seemed to flutter open, and after a moment she sat up, blinking.
	"Where am I?" She asked, looking around. "Oh well. It doesn't matter. You 
called for me?"
	"Yes, your spirit has gone evil and killed my parents. I need your help to 
get them back." Maiaka explained quietly.


					*******

	Ami and Jen had been fighting for what seemed like days, but it had only 
been hours.
	"Take this, little girl." The evil Teresina laughed as Ami was hit in the 
side by a sharp rock. Ami sat down and her eyes welled up with tears. Where is 
my sister, she thought. Well, I guess it doesn't really matter where she is. 
That isn't why I'm crying. She let out a few more sobs until Jen had managed to 
make it over to her. 
	"Your not hurt are you?" She asked in her calm tone of voice. 
	"No."
	"Then why are you crying?"
	"I miss my Daddy." Ami finally managed to sob. 
	"Ami, would your father want you to give up?" 
	"No..."
	"Then don't. Fight for what you think is right."
When they looked up, the evil Teresina seemed to be choking. She flopped around 
and finally managed to scream "Stop it! Stop your fond memories!" Jen looked at 
Ami. The little girl had her eyes shut and seemed to be thinking hard. 
	"Keep it up, Ami. Maiaka will be here soon."
And as if on cue, Maiaka and Teresina burst through the door. The evil Teresina 
was still flopping around like a dead fish. 
	"I banquish the evil spirit here. Spirit, go to whatever awaits you!" 
Teresina cried out, and in a moment the evil Teresina had turned into a ball of 
light and dissapeared. 
	"Maiaka! Maiaka! Come here!" It was Miko, calling Maiaka into the other 
room. She looked at Ami who was detransforming, Jen who had that odd little grin 
of hers, and Teresina who was smiling and staring back at her. Maiaka 
detransformed and her and Ami ran to where Miko was standing, on top of a pile 
of crystal from where Maiaka blew up the wall earlier that morning.
	"What is it Miko?" She asked when she got to the foot of the crystal. 
	"Look!" Miko pointed, and in secounds later Ami and Maiaka were where she 
was standing. Everyone was sitting on the floor, blanked out looks on their 
faces. By now Jen was already on the other side, licking Sasami's hand and 
trying to get her to snap out of it. Ami was beside herself with joy. She ran 
over to her father and hugged him.
	"Hey Ami, what's up?" He asked.
	"Daddy!" Ami had basically knocked him over in her happiness.
Maiaka smiled. Sometimes her sister wasn't so bad. She had thought they had made 
a good team. Maiaka spotted what caught her attention the most; Ryoko. Her 
sister was sitting over in the corner next to Aeka and staring oddly at one of 
the statues. Jen had made her way from Sasami to Washu, so Maiaka couldn't get 
to her right away. She ran over and hugged her sister. Ryoko snapped out of her 
little daze almost imeadently. 
	"Hey, get off." She snapped, but Maiaka refused.
	"Ryoko, I missed you!" She hugged Ryoko even harder. 
	"That's a first."
	"Maiaka, I think we should leave now." Jen called form where she was 
sitting next to Yosho. 
	"Um, Right! Let's go, everyone." Maiaka lead eveyone, Including Miko, 
outside. Teresina had followed halfway, then turned and left. When Washu had 
snapped out of it, she had hugged Maiaka half to death, leaving her gasping for 
air. Maiaka had dropped behind letting Jen take the lead, and went to the back 
to where Miko and Ami were. 
	"Where are you going to stay Miko?" Ami asked, her green eyes full of 
curiousity. 
	"I don't know, exactly. I don't have a home I can remember."
	"Wanna live with us?" Ami had got to it before Maiaka could. Surely nobody 
would care, and it gave them both something to do. 
	"I still think we should ask Mom or Dad." Maiaka cut in. 
	"I'll go ask Daddy!" Ami bounded off, and came back a few secounds later 
with a grin. "He said she could!"
	"Do you want to?" Maiaka asked Miko.
	"I guess so, I have nowhere else to go, and with all these people it may 
be fun." 

				******

A few weeks later Miko was settled in the household and Maiaka went to look for 
Jen. When she found her, she was under the couch, chewing on a bacon flavored 
bone. 
	"Jen," Maiaka called to the dog. Jen crawled out from under the couch.
	"Yeah?" She asked, still chewing on her bone. 
	"Jen, it's time for you to go. You know what I mean by that." 
Jen studied her for a moment, and finally said, "I suppose it is." She got up 
and looked into Maiaka's eyes. "Wish me luck," she said flatly. Clearly the idea 
of leaving wasn't that grand to her.
	"Goodbye, Jen." Maiaka said softly, and the dog was gone.
