Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, AIC and Pioneer does. 
I don't own Tenchi, Ryoko (they belong to each other), or 
anyone else. So don't sue me!

No Need for a Kidnapping: Chapter 6
By Chibi-C

Author's notes: Hey! Chapter 6 is finally done!
Kyinia: Warning: Stupidly short chapter ahead.
.(Sweatdrop.) It's not that short.
Kyinia: Yes it is.
I hate you. Anyway, here is the ridiculously short chapter 
6 of No Need for a Kidnapping!

"Tikama.Tikama.where have I heard that name before?" Washu 
thought out loud.

"Hmm.do you think that it's possible that Tikama is Tikama 
Huduka?" Katsuhito asked the petite scientist.

Washu gasped. "It must be! But if it is."

"Then Lady Cintrania survived after all," Katsuhito 
finished.

"Hello? Would someone please explain the situation to us? 
Mom?" Ryoko said.

"First, there is something that I must tell you. Tsunami, 
Tokimi, and I have one more sister. Her name was Lady 
Cintrania. However, she was pure evil. We managed to keep 
her imprisoned for a few thousand years. About 15,000 years 
ago, she escaped and wreaked havoc across the universe. 
Tsunami did battle with her and won. Tokimi then destroyed 
her, or so we thought." Washu thought for a moment. "I must 
be a total idiot! Why didn't I realize it before?"

"What?" Tenchi asked.

"Anatio. When he said what his name was, I thought nothing 
of it. Now I realize where I remember it from. He was one 
of Cintrania's servants!"

"But what do they want with me?"

"They must have learned of your abilities and wanted you 
out of the way."

"Why?"

"Because they want to take over the universe and were 
afraid you would try to stop them," Washu said, as if it 
were obvious.

"Hold on," Ryoko said. "If this Lady Cintrania is so bad, 
why is Ayeka helping her?"

"I think Cintrania has some sort of mind control over 
Ayeka. That's how she controls her other servants."

"You mean, Anatio and Tikama aren't really evil?" Tenchi 
asked.

"As far as I know, no."

"Well, now that everything's all cleared up, shouldn't we 
be trying to figure out how to stop Cintrania and get back 
Ayeka?" Kiyone said.

"First, we have to find them. And that won't be easy. For 
all we know, they could be in another dimension."

Then we'd better start looking," Ryoko said.

*****
"Ayeka, do you understand your mission?"

"Yes."

"Repeat it to me."

"I shall destroy Tenchi and from then on act as your loyal 
servant."

*****
"Well, I don't think that they're in this dimension." Washu 
sighed to herself. "Who knows where they could be?"

"I do." Washu turned around and gasped.

"Tsunami." She was right. Sasami had assimilated with 
Tsunami while Washu was in the lab. Now, the blue haired 
goddess was there, ready to give assistance to Tenchi and 
the others. "Can you tell us where they are?"

"Certainly. They are in Nowhere."

Tsunami was referring to the dimension in which nothing 
existed. All there was was a blinding white oblivion that 
stretched on for all eternity.

"Will you take us there?"

"No."

"What!?"

"I will not take you there. I will only bring Tenchi and 
Ryoko." 

"Why?"

"Sister, you must trust me. I know what I'm doing."

"Alright, Tsunami. Good luck."

*****
"TSUNAMI!?" Tenchi was shocked to see her. "What are you 
doing here?" He slapped his forehead. "I-I didn't mean it 
like that! I just-"

"I know what you meant, Tenchi. Don't worry about it. I 
have come to help you."

"Tenchi, what's going." Ryoko chose that moment to enter. 
When she saw Tsunami, she was, to say the least, a bit 
surprised. "Um.Tsunami?"

"Ryoko, I'm glad you're here. I was just about to explain 
everything to Tenchi."

"Okay, so explain."

"I have come to take you to Cintrania and Ayeka. They are 
in another dimension, one called Nowhere."

"Nowhere?" Ryoko and Tenchi said at once.

"Yes. It is a pure white oblivon that goes on forever. You 
must go there and fight Cintrania, and free Ayeka from her 
spell."

"Take us," Tenchi said.

"Wait," Ryoko said. "Tenchi, I need my gems back."

Tenchi stood silent for a moment. He then turned to 
Tsunami, who nodded her head slowly. Tenchi took out his 
sword and held it out to Ryoko.

"Grab hold of it." She did so. After a few seconds, a red 
gem appeared on Ryoko's wrist, and another materialized on 
the base of her neck. Ryoko felt a surge of power course 
its way through her veins.

"This is incredible. I feel invincible!"

"You'll have to be in order to defeat Cintrania," Tsunami 
stated grimly. She turned to Tenchi. "Are you ready?"

"Yes. Let's go." Tsunami held Ryoko's hand with her left 
hand, and Tenchi's with her right. Soon, they were both 
gone.

Author's notes: Ack! What is it with me and these short 
chapters?
Kyinia: (Whistles innocently.) 
Grr.anyway, email me your opinions, questions, comments, 
praise (^_^) and criticisms at Carmel3309@aol.com. 
