DISCLAIMER:
	These seem pretty popular, so here goes.  Pioneer and AIC own 
Tenchi & Co., most of the settings, and probably half of Tokyo.  I 
own a computer with Notepad, so I thought, I'll write a fanfic.  
Some elements were influenced by various fanfics, but nothing was 
directly lifted (except the begining of Tenchi TV:  No Need For an 
Arch Rival!, plz don't hurt me for it, I rewrote most of it and I 
will probably change it completeley at some point).

This story takes place in the OAV universe (I know Nagi is from 
the TV series, but I'm introducing her here), and don't expect 
Kiyone to show up, as I don't like her.  Now, on with the story.  
Please note, Nagi will not be *quite* the same as in the TV 
series.  (Hey, they did it to Kagato, I can do it to Nagi.)

Tenchi Muyo!:  No Need for Siblings!  Episode 1:  Nagi, Part 1
by
~Brain~Wav~


-------------
	"I really don't know much about my past, everything before I 
became a bounty hunter is blurred from me.  I don't know my 
parents or my homeworld, all I know is bounty hunting.  Ken-Ohki 
has been my only companion, and Ryoko, my worst enemy for a 
millenia.  Even now, 700 years after Jurai was attacked, and her 
crimes all but forgotten, I am still searching for her, and now... 
I have found her!"


-----------
-Earth, 1 week after Azusa, Misaki, and Funaho left-

	"Waaa this show is sooo moving!" Mihoshi cried (literaly).

	"Mihoshi, calm down we are trying to watch the show."  Ayeka 
snapped at her.  Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki (sitting on 
Sasami's head) are watching TV.  Suddenly, Ryo-Ohki's ears perk up 
and she jumps off Sasami's head.

	"Ryo-Ohki, what's wrong?"  Sasami asked the cabbit who was 
currently hissing at the chandelier.  Another cabbit teleports 
down, and the two rear back at each other.  "Another Ryo-Ohki, 
wow, how kawaii!"

	Tenchi walks in at that moment and facefaults when he hears 
Sasami speak, dropping his carrot basket.  "WHAT!?!?  Did Ryo-
Ohki's crystals go nuts again?"

	"No, Lord Tenchi, this one is different, see."  Ayeka points 
to the tan, somewhat scraggily looking cabbit.  A pair of carrots 
roll over to them, Ryo-Ohki forgets about the other cabbit, miya's 
in joy, and begins munching away happily.  
	Seeing this the other cabbit does the same.  "Ciao!"  says 
the other cabbit.  At this point, Ryoko walks into the room, 
seeing the new cabbit, she drops the towel she is carrying and 
says quiently, "Ken-Ohki..."  Then she adds, "Nagi... she's here.  
She found me."

	"Uhh, Ryoko, who's Nagi?"  Tenchi said.

	"A bounty hunter, the *best* of them.  She's been chasing me 
for a millenium, after I got trapped in the cave, I thought she 
would give up and think Yosho killed me.  But I guess not."

	"Oh, I heard of her.  Yokonojo and I got a call about her one 
time,"  Mihoshi said, "HQ thought she was you, Ryoko."

	"THEY WHAT?!?!?!"  Ryoko screamed and made a lunge at 
Mihoshi, but was held back by Tenchi, Sasami, and Ayeka.  "I look 
nothing like that bitch!"  Ken-Ohki hissed back at Ryoko, still 
muching away, and Mihoshi's rivers started flowing.  Ryoko broke 
free and said in a calmer voice, "Sorry, Mihoshi.  I know it was 
their fault, not yours."

	Sasami had walked into the kitchen to get more carrots for 
the Ohki's, then she heard a very forceful knock at the door.  
"Who is it?" Sasami called as she opened the door, she almost 
screamed when she saw who it was, "N-Nagi?"

	"Heh, the same."  Nagi replied, "Where is Ryoko?  I know she 
is here, tell me or kiss your ponytails goodbye!"  Nagi picked 
Sasami up by the colar.

	"HELP!  Tenchi, Ayeka, Mihoshi,"  she hesitated for a moment, 
"RYOKO!" she screamed the pirate's name loudest of all.

	"Sasami, what's... Nagi, so you finally found me."  Ryoko 
phased through the wall and arrived first.  She was soon joined by 
the others, Tenchi had already powered up Tenchi-ken.  Mihoshi 
fainted at the sight of Nagi.

	"Put my sister down this instant!"  Ayeka yelled at Nagi.  
"She and I are princesses of Jurai, if you harm her, there will be 
severe reprocusions."

	"I know damn well who you are princess, and frankly, I don't 
care,"  Nagi shot back.

	"She's not who you want, Nagi, you want me.  Put her down!"  
Ryoko yelled and her battle suit appeared, "Tenchi, I could use my 
other jewels now, if you don't mind."  Nagi put down Sasami, who 
ran over to Ayeka.

	"Umm, I guess so," he powered down Tenchi-ken and transfered 
the jewels to Ryoko.  "There you go, Ryoko."

	"Thanks, Tenchi.  You four get stay out of this battle, no 
matter what.  Got it?"  Ryoko said to the others.  They nodded.
	"Let's take this outside, Nagi."

	"Whatever, I'll kill you anywhere, if that's where you want 
to die, fine with me."  Ryoko teleported out and Nagi followed 
her.

	"We should probably tell Washu."  Tenchi said and started 
walking towards the lab door.  Sasami followed her with Ryo-Ohki 
on her head and Ken-Ohki on her shoulder.  Ayeka began to protest, 
then follwed as well.

-Inside the lab-

	"Washu, we need your help!"  Tenchi called out.

	Washu popped up from behind a machine, brandishing the double 
barrel buster rifle from the Wing Gundam ZERO.  "What was that!?"  
She leveled it at Tenchi & Co.  "Washu-chan!" They all answered in 
unison.  Washu put the cannon in a subspace hole.  "That's better, 
now what's the problem?"

	"A bounty hunter showed up for Ryoko, and she seems pretty 
tough.  We thought you could help Ryoko."  Sasami said quickly.  
Then Washu noticed the extra cabbit.

	"K-Ken-Ohki?  Is that you?"  Ken-Ohki perked up when Washu 
said his name.  "If you're here than that means she's not dead."  
Washu teleported the group to where Ryoko and Nagi were fighting.

-Outside the house-

	"Alright, let's finish this here and now, Ryoko!"  Nagi 
yelled out as she drew her sword and got into a battle stance.

	"You are a fool, Nagi, no one can defeat me.  You won't leave 
here in one piece."  Ryoko torted back and materialized her 
battlesuit and a light sword.

	The two women sized each other up for a moment, then Nagi 
attacked.  In an instant she was swinging her sword at Ryoko's 
neck, but it was skillfully blocked by Ryoko.  She kept slashing 
and striking, only to be blocked by Ryoko each time.  Nagi jumped 
back and in mid flip launched a blast from her sword at Ryoko, who 
dodged it, "Ha, your aim has gotten worse, baka!"

	"Has it Ryoko?  Look behind you."  Nagi laughed a little.  
Ryoko turned to see a small landslide that had been created by the 
blast coming for her, she took to the air to avoid it, forgetting 
about Nagi.  Nagi used this time to take out her whip, which she 
used to ensnare Ryoko and pull her to the ground.  "Ha, now I'll 
kill you and collect the bounties n your pathetic head."  Nagi 
drew her sword back for the killing blow, but Ryoko had managed to 
phase out of the whip before the strike came.

	"Damn you, now die!"  Ryoko yelled and launced a volley of 
energy bolts at Nagi.  Nagi dodged all but one, which she absorbed 
into the sword and returned to Ryoko.

	"Washu, what are you doing here, I told everyone," Ryoko said 
as she dodged Nagi's blast, "to stay away."

	Washu ignored here, "Nagi?  Stop fighting this instant!"

	Ryoko stared and Nagi paused, "Who are you to order me 
around, girl?"

	Washu shifted into adult form, Nagi stared, and Washu spoke, 
"Don't you recognize me?  I'm you mother!"

To Be Continued...

Keep checking tmffa.com and fly.to/Psyite for it.
