Once again I have to give the disclaimer that Tenchi Muyo and all of its 
characters are property of AIC and Pioneer and that any DBZ items mentioned here 
are Funimations property and
ONCE AGAIN, I do not own any legends I may mention and if you haven't noticed 
yet, I have changed the saiyan legend a bit to fit my stories and I'm sorry if 
it offends anyone.  (You
know, the pain of writing these disclaimers is almost as bad as reading a bad 
lemon fic, almost, not quite.  "At The Carrot Patch", [shudder])

 

I've had to wait several weeks to think of a story idea for this one you are 
about to read, actually, I don't know whether or not I can think of the next one 
without jumping to a different
one but I'll try to write it to the best of my ability (that's not much, I 
know).  Oh, and I'm sorry about the formatting on this, I'm using my grandpa's 
computer, and it's kind of old.  I'd use
my computer, but the internet sevice is a P.O.S.  So I'm going to leave the 
extra spacing in between the paragraphs and quotes, sorry.

 

********************

 

Darkness has covered the night's sky, not a single star is shining through the 
thick cloud banks.  The Masaki household is also dark with everyone sound asleep 
in their beds (with
visions of sugar plums dancing in their heads [SMACK], sorry...I don't know 
where the hell that came from).  The only ones not in their beds are Ryoko and 
Ayeka, Ryoko having too
much to drink, and Ayeka falling to the peer pressure Ryoko had put on her 
several hours ago, drinking slightly more than Ryoko.  Sasami silently sleeps as 
a colorful dreams runs
through her head.

 

*********************

 

Everyone is at the beach, Broka and Tenchi are setting up a volleyball net while 
Washu is walking from the van carrying a volleyball.  Sasami is sitting on a 
towel watching them as is
Mihoshi.  Tenchi finishes tieing up the last knot before yelling, "It's all set 
up."

 

Ayeka quickly calls from behind him, "Tenchi's on my team," and grabs his arm 
and drags him to a side of the net.  Broka doesn't seem to care as he takes his 
foot and starts making the
lines for the court.  Ryoko looks a little disgusted at Ayeka's comment before 
saying, "All right, if you got Tenchi, I've got him," and points to Broka who is 
finishing marking the lines. 
He looks up with a confused look before shrugging and walking to the side 
opposite of Tenchi and Ayeka.

 

"Hmmm...I'll take Mihoshi then," with that Mihoshi jumps up from her towel and 
runs over to to Ayeka's side.

 

Ryoko looks a little distressed but notices something and smiles, "Fine, I'll 
take Washu," a ball flies from nowhere and Ryoko catches it. Everyone looks over 
to see a fully-grown Washu
with a small red bikini top and bottom.  Everyone goes bug-eyed.

 

"I'll sit this one out," Sasami calls from her towel.

 

Washu takes her place near the front of the net near Broka as Ryoko steps 
outside the ring and says, "Since you picked first, I'll start the game," she 
throws the ball high into the air and
spikes the ball with great force.  The ball travels at a high speed as Ayeka can 
only stare at it while the ball smacks off her head and she falls to the ground, 
completely dazed.  The ball
slowly floats to the other side of the net.

 

"I got this one," Broka yells before leaping into the air and floating a foot 
away from the ball.  He raises his arm and hits the ball.  All Tenchi and 
Mihoshi see is a blur in front of them
before a explosion of sand covers their side of the court.  The sand and dust 
clear as those two stare off into space with sand covering every part of their 
body.  A small hump of sand
starts to move as Ayeka pops through it and starts to cough.

 

"Hey now! That's *cough* cheating!"

 

"Well...you're the one who didn't pick us," Washu says with a smile.  All three 
of them look as Mihoshi and Tenchi start to brush the sand off of themselves, 
Mihoshi needing to loosen
some parts of her two-piece to reach the sand covering her unmentionables.  
Tenchi catches a small glimpse of this and quickly turns away.  Washu, Ryoko, 
and Broka start to laugh
before a dark shadow is cast over them.  Everything goes silent.  Everyone turns 
around to see a figure floating in air.  Ryoko's mouth is moving, however 
nothing of what she's saying
can be heard.  The dark figure's mouth also moves but nothing can be heard.  He 
gives a smirk and his body shakes with his from chuckling.  Broka's face goes 
completely white.  He
goes super-saiyan.  and charges at the figure but his attack is dodged as the 
figure punches him in the back and Broka falls to the ground.  He struggles to 
get up but is in too much
pain.  He manages to get to his feet but notices a large Ki blast heading 
straight for him.  The Ki hits the ground and explodes on impact, swallowing 
Broka in the blast.  As the light and
sand clear, there is nothing there but the hole of the explosion.  Although the 
girls and Tenchi look on in astonishment, they try to hold back their tears.  
Electricity shoots through
Ryoko as she forms an energy sword and charges at the stranger.  The man flies 
away from Ryoko and as she nears enough for a swing...he stops and catches her 
in mid-swing.  He has
his hand on her stomach before a light forms around his hand, and Ryoko falls 
backwards from the energy blast created by him.  Ryoko slightly moves to get up 
but the man appears
right above her with a green energy sword of his own in his hand and he slices 
at the fallen warrior.  Sand has covered Ryoko's twitching hand before it 
freezes and falls to the ground
with a small trickle of blood heading towards it.  Tenchi tears up before 
letting out a yell, which although it couldn't be heard, clearly was "Ryoko!" He 
reaches into the bag and pulls
Tenchi-ken.  He activates the sword and starts running towards the man, tears 
streaming from his eyes.  The dark figure isn't moved by the tears and hits 
Tenchi with the palm of his
hand.  Tenchi bounces off the ground before stopping hard against a rocky wall.  
Blood drips from his forehead and he slowly opens his eyes to see a teary-eyed 
Sasami running
towards him.  He raises his hand in an attempt to stop her but is too late as a 
Ki blast lands several feet behind her, knocking Sasami to the ground.  Tears of 
pain run down her cheek as
they soak into small streams of blood.  She lifts her head up to see Mihoshi and 
Ayeka crying over a limp Tenchi, right before a large foot blocks her view.  The 
man forms a sword in his
hand again and stands over the two grieving women, they never turn around to see 
him raise his hand and swing the sword at them.  They fall in a heap at Tenchi's 
feet.  The man notices
that Sasami is still alive and slowly walks over to her.  Sasami tries to 
scream, but nothing comes out, she continues to try and yell but it almost seems 
that a barrier around her dream has
left her unable to talk.  She curls closer into a ball, she just had to break 
this wall.

 

*********************

 

Broka is in the bathroom pouring water into a cup.  He turns the COLD one way, 
and the HOT the other way.

 

"This will teach them to drink all the sake without me," he thinks to himself, 
pouring some more warm water into another cup.  He turns off the faucet and 
proceeds to head downstairs. 
He stops in front of Sasami's door and Mihoshi's door when he hears a voice from 
behind him.

 

"Just where do you think you're going," said the aggitated male voice.  Broka 
turned stone gray and looks at Tenchi starring at him.

 

"I...was...justgettingadrink...that's all."

 

"Your room is that way," Tenchi points down the corridor.

 

Broka thinks for a minute, "Where am I?  Who are you," Tenchi becomes very 
irritated now.

 

"Stop giving me that amnesia crap!  You were going to put Ryoko's and Ayeka's 
hand in water while they were asleep, weren't you."

 

"Uh...no I wasn't."

 

Tenchi takes one of the glasses away from Broka, "This is warm water, you were 
going to stick their hands in it!"

 

"Like I said, no I wasn't!  I...just like drinking warm water, that's all," he 
chugs the glass in his hand.  He gives a fake smile to hold back the urge to 
spit it out.  Tenchi points back to
Broka's room.  Broka drops his head and slowly makes his way to his room.  As he 
steps in between Sasami's door and Mihoshi's door, a deafening scream erupts 
from Sasami's room. 
Tenchi flies back and creates a indent of his body in the wall, while Broka 
leaps back totally smashing Mihoshi's door and stumbling over the sleeping 
blonde.  Tenchi regains his
composure and runs into her room.  He looks around and finds that she is not in 
her bed, but cowering in the corner and shivering.  She notices Tenchi and 
immediately leaps on him and
attaches herself to Tenchi's neck.  Tenchi becomes shocked at this as she starts 
to bawl into Tenchi's shoulder.  Broka appears from behind Tenchi and does 
Mihoshi.  They put a hand
on the crying Sasami before Mihoshi asks, "What's the matter, did you have a 
scary dream?" Sasami nods her head.  At that time, Ayeka and Ryoko show up to 
also explore the scream
and cries.

 

"Well, well, well.  I'm surprised you could even wake up with all that sake," 
Broka sarcastically comments.

 

"Would you get off of that," Tenchi yells, he focuses his attention on Sasami, 
"now Sasami, what was your dream about?"

 

Sasami manages to get out a sentence inbetween her gasps of air, "There...was 
this...man...and he..." she starts to cry louder then ever into Tenchi's 
shoulder.  Although she never
finished the sentence, everyone knew what happened.

 

"Well don't you worry Sasami.  It was just a dream, and that would never happen 
to us in real," Mihoshi assuringly states.  Sasami looks at her in surprise as 
her cries turn into sniffles.

 

"That's right," Ayeka adds in, "we would never let anyone kill anyone of us," 
Sasami starts to look a little relieved.

 

"I don't mean to change the subject, but what did this guy look like," Broka 
comes in.

 

"Well...he was big...and muscular...he had a large black cloak...but his face 
was covered with a shadow, I couldn't describe it to you."

 

"Why did you need to know," Ryoko asks.

 

"Oh...there was this big, bad-ass dude that had a little problem with us a long 
time ago.  But he's dead, thank God."

 

"What was his name?"

 

"Who," Broka said with a large smile.

 

Tenchi looks aggitated, "Don't worry about it Ryoko.  Now Sasami, don't think 
about it too much, or you'll never go back to sleep,"  too late, Sasami had 
already passed out in Tenchi's
arm.  He sighs and sets her on her bed and tucks her in.

 

"Boy, that scared the living B'Jesus out of me," Broka says.

 

"Yes, the poor dear is always having these horrible dreams.  I don't know what 
they mean,"" Ayeka says, she notices something about Tenchi, "Uh...Tenchi.  Why 
do you have water all
over your head?"

 

"What?  This?  I had a glass of water in my hand when Sasami screamed, I must've 
spilled it on me."

 

"Why would you have a glass of water in your hand if you could just drink it in 
the bathroom?"

 

Tenchi attempts to say something but Broka cuts him off, putting his hand over 
Tenchi's mouth, "Silly princess...he...uh...he was just bringing a drink to his 
room in case he got thirsty
again," he nervously laughs.  Tenchi stares at him through the cornor of his 
eye.  Ayeka is about to talk when Ryoko makes a signal.

 

"Don't worry about it...I don't even want to know," she says.  Everyone starts 
heading to their rooms.  Down in Washu's lab, a little light starts to blink, 
and a beeping noise spreads
throughout the lab.  Washu, in her nighties, slowly makes her way over to the 
beeping noise.  Her transparent computer pops up and she starts to type 
furiously.

 

"Well, well.  What do we have here," she makes a few more punches at her 
computer and her face starts to go pale, "NO...not again!"  On her screen, a 
large ship starts streaking to
Earth.  "That does it...I'm building a nuclear arsenal on that satallite," her 
eyes start to droop, "first...(yawn)...I need some rest."

 

***********************

 

K, I doubt anyone is reading this, much less liking this so about this time, any 
MST's, hatemail, mailbombs, bad criticism on any review website (K'thardin for 
short, if he's still doing
reviews).  However, for those that HAVE sent great e-mails to be...THOSE ARE 
EVEN MORE ACCEPTABLE ^_^!

NEXT EPISODE:  Is Broka leaving the Masaki household? 
