DISCLAIMER:
	These seem pretty popular, so here goes.  Pioneer and AIC own 
Tenchi & Co., most of the settings, and probably half of Tokyo.  I 
own a computer with Notepad, so I thought, I'll write a fanfic.  
Some elements were influenced by various fanfics, but nothing was 
directly lifted (except the begining of Tenchi TV:  No Need For an 
Arch Rival!, plz don't hurt me for it, I rewrote most of it and I 
will probably change it completeley at some point).

This story takes place in the OAV universe (I know Nagi is from 
the TV series, but I'm introducing her here), and don't expect 
Kiyone to show up, as I don't like her.  Now, on with the story.  
Please note, Nagi will not be *quite* the same as in the TV 
series.  (Hey, they did it to Kagato, I can do it to Nagi.)

Tenchi Muyo!:  No Need for Siblings!  Episode 1:  Nagi, Part 3
by
~Brain~Wav~

	"Now Nagi, sit down here."  Washu pointed to a machine that 
resembled an electric chair, "It won't hurt you and if I'm right, 
which I always am, it will restore you memories from those 500 
years after you were born."

	Nagi hesitantly sat down, "Whatever, but it won't work."  
Washu strapped her down in the chair and threw a switch.  The 
machine began to make a bunch of sounds then the helmet that was 
on Nagi's head glowed, "Argh!  I remember.."  Nagi tried to grab 
her head as memories flooded back into her.  Ken-Ohki began to 
hiss at it.  Then something happened and the machine started to 
smoke and it exploded.  Ayeka threw up a shield around herself, 
Tenchi, Sasami, Mihoshi, and the cabbits, protecting them, but 
Washu, Ryoko, and Nagi were too far away and were caught in the 
explosion.


	Images flashed through Washu's mind, images of Tokimi and 
Tsunami, images of a battle between the goddesses, memories...

-5 minutes later-

	"Mom, wake up, please.  Yeah, mom, c'mon.  Washu, snap out of 
it.  Please Washu, wake up!  Waaa!  Wake up this instant Washu!  
Miya!  Ciao!"  Wahshu's head was pounding.  "Uhh, did someone get 
the licence plate of that juggernaught?"  Washu sat up and looked 
around at her lab.

	"Washu!  You're awake!"  Mihoshi grabbed Washu in a bear hug.  
Ryoko and Nagi pulled her off.

	"What the hell happened?"  She looked at Ryoko and Nagi, they 
were badly scorched and the others were unscathed.  Then it came 
back to her, Nagi, the machine, and the memories, she decided to 
keep those to herself, for now.  "I remember now, but why?  
Everything was going fine."

	"You're lucky that didn't kill us, *mom*!"  she saw Nagi 
floating a few inches off the ground.

	"Well at least you remember!"   Washu said then thought, 
Nagi, FLYING?!?!  "Nagi, uh, do you know how to fly?"

	"No, why?"  Nagi responded.

	"Well, you do now."

	"Huh?"  Nagi looked down, "Ack!"  She tried moving around, 
and found out she loved it.  "This is great!"

	"Well at least we know what happened."  Washu said.

	"Huh?  What do you mean Washu-chan?"  Tenchi asked.

	"The machine not only made Nagi remember what Kagato erased, 
but it must've restored some of her powers.  That created a gamma 
particle flux in the machine's Positronic Neural Center, which 
caused the Uranium-950 core to melt down."  Everyone stared at 
Washu.  "In laymans terms, it got a big headache from Nagi's 
powers and blew up."  Mihoshi still looked clueless.

	"Isn't Uranium radiactive?"  Tenchi asked.

	"Yes, but the 950 isotope has a halflife of .00264629 
milisceonds outside the holding chamber."  Washu explained.  "And 
that sheild protected you.  Nagi and Ryoko are immune to radiation 
as well and I have developed an immunity as well."

	"Oookaay..."  Tenchi tried to understand it, then Sasami 
tugged on his pant leg, he leaned down and she told him what Washu 
meant.  "Thanks, Sasami."

	"Well, Nagi, what do you remember?"  Washu said.

	"I remember you and a younger Ken-Ohki and that bastard 
Kagato, then I remember him training me, and how when I couldn't 
do what he wanted he"  Nagi paused for a sceond and a tear ran 
down her cheek, "he would beat me."  She sniffed a few times and 
continued, "Then he considered it worthless to try and he tried to 
kill me.  Ken-Ohki came and helped me escape, we flew and flew and 
I couldn't remember any of it.  Then I became a bounty hunter, and 
the rest is pretty much self-explainatory."  she finshed up and 
wiped away her tears and tried to hold back more.  "Where's the 
bathroom?"

	"Up the stairs, third door on the right."  Tenchi told her.  
She flew up and after the door closed, the others could hear her 
sobbing.  Ken-Ohki followed her.

	"I didn't know she could cry."  Ryoko said.

	"Ryoko, that is no way to talk about her, all those memories 
coming back at her all at once, it had to be hard on her."  Washu 
scolded, "and you don't like talking about what happened while 
Kagato had you imprisoned, so be quiet!"  Washu thought for a 
second, "Maybe I shouldn't have done that to her.  Ryoko come with 
me, we have to talk to her."  They went up the stairs and Washu 
knocked on the door, "Nagi, can we talk to you?"

	"Why weren't you there for me when he did that?!  I'm your 
*daughter* for kami's sake!"  Nagi yelled through the door between 
sobs.

	"I didn't realize what he was doing, and he never told me.  
I, I'm sorry, Nagi."  Washu said.

	Ryoko phased her head through the door, "Nagi, geez, I know 
how you feel, I went through the same thing.  And Washu's machine 
restored some of my memories too, I saw him trying to kill you, 
Washu saw him and she tried to help, but she, she couldn't and 
neither could I.  We both tried, but he treatened to kill us, we, 
no, she managed to sneak Ken-Ohki to get you out.  It's not her 
fault, I forgave her for not being there, and so should you."  
Ryoko teleported over to her sister to comfort her, she helped her 
up and they walked back out.

	"Nagi, please  forgive me."  Washu begged, almost to tears 
herself.

	"I, I forgive you, mother."  Nagi said and stood up.  The 
warpaint on her face had nearly washed awat from her tears.  
"Ryoko told me you tried to help, and that you sent on Ken-Ohki to 
save me."

	"Thank you.  Now whadda ya say I take you girls out for ice 
cream?"  Washu brightened up and asked.  Nagi looked confused.

	"What's ice cream?"  she asked.

	"You'll see when we get there."  They walked downstairs, "Ice 
cream time!"  Everybody scrambled outside.

	Then, Mihoshi spoke up, "Uhh, Washu, how will we get there?"  

	"Yes, Washu-chan, I don't think the humans will be too happy 
if Ryo-Ohki on Ken-Ohki fly in, ne?"  Ayeka added.

	"Just hang on."  Washu's laptop appeared then a portal opened 
and a 2000 Dodge Viper rolled out.  "There we go.  I think that'll 
do it."

	"Washu-chan, a Viper only seats two."  Techi said.

	Ryoko teleported to Tenchi's arm, "Then we can got, Tenchi, 
and bring it back."  Ayeka fumed, "No you will not, if Lord Tenchi 
s going with anyone it will be me!"

	Nagi sweatdropped, "Is this the way they always are?"  she 
asked Washu.

	"Yep, everyday.  If not for me, this house would be kapoof, 
gone."

	"I can see their point, he is kinda cute."  Nagi said.  Ayeka 
and Ryoko heard this and turned to Nagi.  Just as they were about 
to attack, a big ka-poof was hear, then the sounds of a pair of 
kappas.  "What did you do to them mom?!"

	"I rearranged their cellular structures into that of kappas, 
so that they can reflect on attacking you.  I'll turn them back 
when we get to the ice cream shop."

	"I could've beat them," Nagi said then she noticed Washu's 
finger hovering over a button, "but thanks."  she added quickly.  
Then she saw Mihoshi and Sasami playing with the kappas and joined 
them.

	"Washu-chan, what about the car, we still can only..."  
Tenchi was cut off by Washu.
	
	"I created another dimension inside it, it has more space 
than a Boeing 747, and can go fast, I might add."

	Tenchi facefaulted then said, "You're not driving, are you?"  
He saw he poised on the kappa button, "uhh, go ahead."

	"Thank you, Tenchi."  Washu said and they all climbed in amd 
Washu changed into a teenage version of herself (not quite adult, 
not quite child).  "Now for some music"  she popped in a CD labled 
Papa Roach-Infest.  Papa Roach's Last Resort could be heard over 
the speakers.

	"What the heck are they saying, Washu?"  Tenchi yelled over 
the music, Washu handed him a babel fish and put it in and he 
could understand it perfectly.  "Cool, what other songs are on 
here?"  He picked up the case and read the track list,what kind of 
music is this?  There's too much swearing!"  he screamed.

	"FOOL, THIS IS QUALITY MUSIC!"  boomed a voice, Tenchi became 
a cabbit, "NOW THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU DID AND I'LL TURN YOU BACK!"  
Tenchi Miya'ed a question.

	"The author, ~Brain~Wav~ suggested it, idiot."  muttered 
Washu.  "Hey, ~Brain~Wav~, could you get rid of Mihoshi for me?"

	"UMM, OK, NEVER LIKED HER ANYWAY."  Mihoshi got a call and 
she teleported to her ship.  "THERE YOU GO WASHU."

	"Thanks."
	
	Nagi looked at Washu, then to Ten-Ohki, then to the other 
cabbits, then to the kappas, then to Sasami, "Sasami, don't you 
find that strange?"  she whipered.

	"Nope, weirder has happened.  For instance, I'm bonded with a 
godess who is also a ship and a tree so that kind of makes me part 
spaceship amd tree too."  she responded, Nagi fainted.  A poof was 
heard and Tenchi returned.

	"NOW I HOPE YOU'LL THINK TWICE ABOUT INSULTING ME OR PAPA 
ROACH.  I COULD HAVE HAD NAGI KILL YOU, YOU KNOW."

	"Yeah yeah, you're worse than Washu."  Tenchi responded.  
Tenchi then became a kappa.

	"GOOD ONE WASHU"

	"Thanks"  The rest of the ride was quiet as two cabbits, 
three kappas, a red haired scientist, and a Juraian princess 
headbanged to the music.  Nagi stayed fainted.

	Thanks to Washu's modifications, it only took 15 minutes 
instead of an hour to get to the ice cream shop.  Along the way, 
Ryo-Ohki changed into humanoid form and Nagi fainted again, Ken-
Ohki just stared, then gave a cabbit's equivelnt of a shrung and 
jumped on her head.  Washu turned everyone back to human form 
before they all got out.

	"Uh, will someone tell me what this stuff is?"  Nagi asked.
	
	"Just pick a flavor, you'll see once we get it."  Tenchi 
said.

	"Okay, I'll try the chocolate."  Nagi said.

	"Good choice, I'll have the vanilla."  replied Tenchi.  
Everyone chose their ice cream and they sat down, then Nagi 
started clutching her head in pain.

	"Ahh!  My...head...hurts."  Nagi yelled in pain, people 
started staring.

	"Calm down, sis, you just ate the ice cream too fast!"  Ryoko 
said.

	"What was that?" Nagi asked.

	"The one thing that cannot be explained by science, the Brain 
Freeze!"  Washu joked, everyone laughed, including Nagi once she 
got over the headache.


The End for now...

Alright, I know the ice cream thing was a little stupid, and sorry 
about the self insertion, but thats what happens at 2:00 AM.  and 
I know that Ryoko seems a bit, softer, than normal, just write it 
off as a side effect of the machine.

Well that's the end of Episode 1, I'll have at least 6 episode 
with at least 3 parts each, so look for them!

Send comments and flames to:
~Brain~Wav~@techie.com
