
*This Fanfic is written without the permission of both Pioneer and AIC but I'm 
not selling it so please do not sue me.*

The next day was like the last, sunny with a total lack of clouds to ruin the 
scene. Aieka woke up to see Gary happily asleep; she saw the book and picked it 
up. She tried to read it but was unable. "The words" she thought "They're 
unnaturally small and set out in a totally different style to Traditional 
Japanese".

"Morning" Gary mumbled and looked up "Like the book?" he asked.
"I can't read it," she said staring at the small alien characters.
"Ah that's written English." Gary smiled "made up by joining the languages of 
several different countries and cultures from different periods of Earth's 
history". Gary looked at his watch and yawned.
"How did you become a Watcher Gary?" she asked.
"I was in Secondary School, the last step before going to college. I was about 
14. The Politics class I was in offered 2 months work experience in any 
Government department. I choose the Department of International Developments, 
which basically monitors world events. First week while shifting through files I 
found a load of forms for recruitment for a organization the secret services 
were doing with the DID. Called Watchman department. Not knowing what it was I 
filled the form in and dumped it on my desk. Just fun really. Next day a group 
of men came to my desk asking me to come with them. I was whisked to secret a 
place (we were always blindfolded going in and out). I was vetted for Criminal 
offenses and Psychological illnesses. Then I was trained by Special Forces, 
given courses in Martial arts and trained in this glove. I call it the Dim-e. 
Then two years of training later I was ready and was explained what I was for 
and was assigned this Dimension and given a variety of 'subjects' to monitor. 
You were one of my first. I'm kind of proud of that".

Aieka just listened and nodded. "You watched my whole life then?"
Gary nodded "yes and we've got a file with the name 1st Princess of Jurai, 
Aieka, also 2nd Princess of Jurai, Sassami, your parents, Ryoko, Professor 
Washu, even Tenchi!"
"What? So we are being monitored right now?" said Aieka looking around.
Gary nodded "Yes, they've probably got a file of me as well"
"What else have you seen here or elsewhere?"
"Tell me how did you feel when you were attacked by Ryoko, when you saw hundreds 
of thousands, maybe millions die?" said Gary.
Aieka thought for a second "Anger, despair, sadness for everyone who died and 
loneliness when Yosho left".
"When I was watching this I had seen it all before a hundred times." sighed 
Gary.
"You mean you had no Emotion, no regrets for all the people" said Aieka, angry 
from all the memories.
"Its not in my job" Gary said emotion all drained.
Aieka walked up to Gary slapped him as hard as she could "You senseless little 
creature, you know what you are, a coward!"
"What could I do Aieka huh? Ryoko could've crushed me easily and I would've died 
without making not 1% difference to the outcome. Sassami would've still been 
fighting for her life, Millions would still die, Yosho would still leave you in 
pursuit of Ryoko and you would still be lonely, innocent little girl unable to 
do anything about it!"

Aieka turned away; the memories were flooding back, tears again forming.

"Aieka if you have seen what I have seen you would understand. I have seen 
Trillions of people die in an Hour, war machines of hate that would crush 
planets like this one in minutes. I know there are other Gods other than the 
Christian one. Many are evil, and the minority are good. It hardened me so much 
that it comes as second nature to see death or suffering as much as it is to see 
Life and Joy. There is a saying Aieka that while one death is a tragedy, a 
million is a statistic"

"No!" cried Aieka "How could you be so heartless and cruel!"

"That was why I left, after my partner died I saw what the job was doing to me" 
He put a hand on her shoulder "I...I'm sorry for everything that's happened, I'm 
sorry for being a coward".

"Just get me off this roof! And take your book!" She threw it at him.

He motioned towards the rear end of the roof and a portal appeared "There it'll 
take you down to your floor".
She just ran, crying as went. Going through the portal. He sighed deeply, a tear 
streaked down his face, still emotionless "I wept when it happened Aieka" he 
whispered.

*******************

"Where's Gary, I haven't seen him all morning or Aieka" said Tenchi as he walked 
into lunch.
"I don't know" answered Sassami "Aieka is in our room, she's too busy right now 
and mustn't be disturbed as well, Ryoko already had lunch and she went right 
after you came in".

Gary was sitting in mid air, looking over the valley, and using a shield to keep 
him up there. 
"Hey what's up Gary?" asked Ryoko as she appeared next to him.
"Not much, I upset Aieka when she asked me what I saw in all of her life" he was 
looking straight ahead "You're not here to knock 7 bells out of me again are 
you?"
"No I was actually gonna explain why I went in like I did. I was talking with- 
ouch! Okay its getting old now" as a block of wood out of nowhere was dropped on 
her head. "Anyway when I heard that you were trained, I wanted to test you out 
that's all" she smiled.
"You didn't reckon on what I use did you though?" he said looking a Ryoko.
"I was gonna ask, how does it work?"
"You have the ability to teleport right? This is done via traveling through 
what's known as dimension space. In this vast expanse, far greater than the size 
of the universe, lies an unlimited power source commonly known as energy. This 
glove or Dim-e is a simple conductor of that force, also to make commands 
quicker it can detect certain hand movements. I can open portals to an infinite 
amount of places, times and dimensions if I knew the right sequence of hand 
movements. The other glove just acts as a 'conductors stick', helping me summon, 
double handled swords, staffs, specially balanced bolts of energy for extra 
precision and finally what I'm sitting on right now shields, though it'll only 
stop the power of the foreign object coming towards me, (in my last fight, your 
body flying nearly at the speed of sound right at me), but not the force of the 
blow hence I was blown backwards, the shield automatically breaks my fall or 
stops and bodily harm lets say flying through walls. And there you go"
"Well at least it can't read my personality and my mind," she said looking at 
the tight, black glove.
"Well unpredictable you are, my report on you was correct" he smiled first time 
in hours.
"What! You mean" 
"Yes I'm not a Watcher for nothing, I've got a record on you, not a criminal 
record, just a record of what you've done in your life. And Anyway I knew you 
were coming hundreds of years before you even existed!"
"How?"
"I met Washu accidentally while I was monitoring her. We talked and she was 
thinking of creating something just like you. After that I left, we were very 
good friends and it was my Dim-e that helped her along in the Dimension travel 
department".
"So what did you do exactly to make Aieka so upset?" Ryoko Asked.
"She asked me how I felt when I watched the carnage that you had unknowingly 
caused on Planet Jurai"
"And you said?"
"I said I had felt nothing" he said "but I lied. Aieka was one of my first 
subjects that I monitored".
"What exactly were you doing when I attacked?" asked Ryoko.
"I can remember it..."

The scene is in space, a small ship sits there, and cloaked from view a man sits 
in his bunk inside. It's me. The alarm goes off I rush to monitoring station to 
see what the commotion is all about, all I have to do is look outside to see 
what's happening, a massive battle is raging about me. I look at my monitor and 
switch to the various ground views about the palace, peaceful, quiet. I was 
shouting at the screen, yelling for them to get out and away as fast as they 
could, but I was an invisible entity, they didn't know I was even there, then 
the explosions are hitting the ground, sending buildings down, ships are 
crashing into the ground, compounding the disaster and in the middle of it all 
is you smiling, eyes red with anger I thought, but on a scan I found it induced 
via some external means, I switch back to the devastation, Sassami is in the 
main chamber building, fallen from a great height, blood everywhere, what 
streets were left ran with the blood of thousands of innocents. And finally as 
you start to leave, Yosho moves to follow, Aieka is pleading for him to stay but 
he doesn't listen and takes off after you. I've turned the monitor off now, 
enraged that such a perfect and peaceful place the day before was turned to 
hell, that turned to sadness when I saw Aieka's face, and for the first time in 
my career as a Watcher I openly showed my feelings for a subject, weeping openly 
for her life turned upside down so many times over...

"And that's it" he said looking down "all I remember" 
"Hmm pretty screwed up then huh?" Ryoko said "don't you blame me for what 
happened?"
"It was beyond your control, I knew it was Kagato. I mean you don't wake up in 
the morning thinking 'I must destroy the Jurai' do you?" he smiled.
"Well you got a point there, oh well up for sparring? grinned Ryoko.
"You do know how to take my mind off things," he laughed "Sorry but I should be 
helping Tenchi with the work, thanks anyway".
With that he waved the shield off and he fell down into a portal waiting for 
him.
"Cool wish I could do that" Ryoko smiled to herself.

******************

Aieka just lay on her bed staring up through the skylight. She had cried 
silently for hours, keeping the door locked.

"How could he have done nothing? She thought "Him and his government or whatever 
he could've done something at least to warn us." 
"Maybe I won't ever get married, maybe I'll..no! never ever think like that.," 
she said to herself 
"It wasn't his fault anyway it was that Devil of a woman who did the damage to 
me and my family, who caused all of this" She stopped right there.
"What have I done, the only man in a 1,000 years who has genuinly shown feelings 
for me and I reject him like a common criminal when all he was doing was 
watching, he probably didn't expect it either." 

Tears welled up again "Why am I so lonely?" she said out loud as a tear fell 
down her cheek. She remembered what he said the night before:

"Love should never be fatal to the mind or the body"

She thought again, fighting the tears back "Is Tenchi the only person I have 
feelings for? Do I have feelings for Gary, a person who has known me for my 
whole life?"

She stood up now, overlooking a vast cliff and the ground far below, she was 
crying heavily. 

"Innocent, scared, little girl" kept reverberating around her when she jumped, 
falling to her death.

Aieka woke up, her face drenched in tears. She wiped away her tears and put her 
clothes on. "I need to relax and have a bath".

Walking out of the room she saw Sassami who immediately looked at her, worried. 
Aieka looked back in sadness as she walked to the baths.

"Hey Tenchi this the final field?" shouted Gary.
"Yeah we've got this one to go then we'll be finished for the moment"
"I was thinking of taking a bath after this that okay with you" 
"Sure if you want, in fact I'll one as well I'm caked in mud!"

After the final Carrot harvesting was over Gary and Tenchi ran to the baths. 
Diving in and washing themselves, then sitting back and relaxing.

"So hows life here after you quit the Watchers?" Tenchi asked.
"A definite change, I mean you'd have to rush everywhere doing everything, here, 
you do your work you relax and eat!"
"Things hot up though when you realize you're part of a bigger plan" 
"Yeah I was thinking Tenchi how does it being related to the most powerful 
dynasty in the whole universe?"
"Its one big thing, things you'll have to face when you get older and we do get 
older eventually, even I do!"
Tenchi nods "ahmm one thing I'll defiantly hate to loose and that's my youth and 
the skills that Grandfather has taught me"
"How long have you been training?"
"Since I was about 8 how bout you?" asked Tenchi.
"Only since I was 14, it ended when I was 16, pretty crammed in, it had to all 
work just right in the end"
"Did you ever use your skills"? 
"Once or twice. First time my hand waving convinced my would be combatants that 
I was some kind of Sorcerer and they ran off, the next time I used them was 
against one of these big guys with a big axe. It was only my shield that kept me 
alive and it took a knock here and there"

"Hey Tenchi" Ryoko said from the other side. Naked as usual.
"Does she always run around naked in the baths?" asked Gary, eyebrow raised.
"Ahuh you'd be surprised what pranks she'd pull just to get in my pants." 
grumbled Tenchi.
"Guess you don't know everything about me then Gary" laughed Ryoko.

The doors opened to the left of them and Aieka was heard walking in. She looked 
round to see Tenchi and Gary laughing, their backs turned to them. She stopped 
in her tracks, getting the 'now whatcha going to do?' stare from Ryoko. She 
decided to back out of the room leaving the boys to it. She ran out. Gary turned 
round to see the door open.

"Was that her?" he asked. Ryoko nodded.
"Man you must've shook her up pretty bad" said Tenchi.
"I couldn't help it, I'll apologize to her tomorrow" said Gary as he rose "I'm 
going to take a walk to clear my head" with that he dressed and walked out as 
well. Ryoko seeing that Gary had gone grinned evilly at Tenchi.

"Why are you looking at me like that Ryoko...Ryoko no!" he gasped as she pulled 
him down under, his arms waving above the surface.

***********

Gary was walking down the steps towards the house when he saw Aieka in front of 
her. "Ms. Aieka!" he shouted as he rushed down the stairs. Aieka turned round 
then "Aieka I'm sorry for what I said for it is not the truth!"
Aieka blinked "How? You sounded so serious!"
"No I wanted to drown out the memories just like you do" he put his hands on her 
shoulders "to tell the truth, I wept after what happened on Jurai, having 
watched you for most of your life and then seeing it all taken away from you was 
too much for me"
She just stared back at him.
"Will you forgive me?"
She looked down "It is I who should be sorry, I should not have blamed you for 
what happened. You could not have stopped it".
He smiled "you're cute".
They Hugged. When the embrace finished Aieka looked back up into Gary's eyes and 
said, "Will you read to me please".
"Pride and Prejudice?" he asked. Aieka nodded.
"Sure thing" he waved a portal open "Walk this way Princess"

Another night of Storytelling of the tales of romance passed as the cloudless 
night drew on, they retired to the roof again and continued there, Gary reading 
through to the fascinated Aieka, and soon once again they were both asleep. A 
rush of wind above him though awakened Gary as it buffeted his face. He looked 
up. 

Nothing.

Looking around once again he decided that he'd better put Princess Aieka to bed 
and retire himself. Opening a portal, he picked her up gently and sleepily 
wandered in. The house again was silent; Ryoko peered outside Tenchi's room as 
she kept her non-stop watch over him. Gary, coming out of nowhere, walked past 
with the happily dozing Princess in his arms. Opening the door into the 
Princess's room he closed it again as he went inside, only to appear just 
outside a moment later, wandering past Ryoko again, totally oblivious to her 
head poking out of the door.

He wandered into his room and crept into his sleeping bag, he thought he'd be 
snoring as soon as his head hit the pillow but his eyes stayed open and wide. He 
got back up "may as well see if anyone else is up" as he put his Dim-e on and 
waved a portal open.

***********

Washu was tapping away as usual. She grinned widely as she pressed enter and a 
cup appeared next her. Grabbing the cup, she took a swig of the chocolaty 
mixture that was inside the cup.

"Aha!" she smiled "Finally the perfect cup of Hot Chocolate has been 
discovered!"
"Wow that's my Washu, always working to solve the most serious of the Universe's 
problems," laughed Gary behind her.
"Ah Gary, long time no see" she said "Do you want to see the old me?" she asked 
as she turned around.
"Yeah" he nodded "personally I got on better with the old Washu," he said as he 
rubbed his eyes.
She nodded and smiled as she transformed back to her old self. She clapped her 
hands and another pillow appeared under Gary and he sat down.

"So are you still the wild mad scientist I used to know?" said Gary as he sipped 
his Hot Chocolate.
"Of course, in moderation though after seeing what Kagato did in his life" 
nodded Washu.
"Yeah now in convenient slices after Tenchi went through with him" smiled Gary.
"You watched it?"
"Of course! I am in charge of watching this Dimension of the Universe. In other 
Universes Kagato is still at large, he killed everyone and still controls Ryoko, 
taking many millions and a couple of watcher's lives"
"That serious?" she said sipping her chocolate.
"Yeah, he had found out about  me after we parted company so I had to be extra 
careful"
Washu laughed, "You did look too handsome for a supposed dork".
"Hey that was my second assignment! Seeing the creator of such a formidable 
weapon like Ryoko was an honor," he grinned.
"Well I am the greatest Scientist of time in the Universe!" she announced 
mockingly.
Gary went serious for a while "You do realize that Ryoko must never gain control 
of all three of her gems?"
"I know, she'll never get hold of them I'll make sure of that, after Planet 
Jurai"
"Especially after Planet Jurai" he said sipping his drink "hey you spiked this!" 
he laughed.
"Of course" she grinned evilly.
"Tell me did you ever learn to read English?"
"Easy!" she said "Its muddled and very basic but I did it in the end and those 
Jules Verne novels were excellent" 
"I glad you enjoyed your present, they should be about 10,000 years old or 
something like that"
"Yeah I put them on a shelf somewhere"
"And the Quake III game I lent you?"
"Erm..I melted it by mistake, you understand don't you?"
Gary laughed, "Thank god I copied it!"
Washu raised her glass "To friendship" she smiled.
"Friendship!" he said raising his glass "A man by the name of Oscar Wilde once 
said 'Alcohol if taken in sufficient quantities can bring about the required 
effects of drunkenness'"
The pair smiled at each other. Gary gazed about the vast lab, changing every now 
and then "I remember your first lab, smaller but it looked more like the typical 
mad scientist's lab".
"I know but this place suits me you know" she said looking up herself.
"Yeah guess it does" he sipped again "before I get totally slaughtered, tell me 
did you notice any weird activity about 30 seconds before I arrived in here?"
"I did yes, something went over the house at a very, very fast speed" she 
brought up her console, Gary appeared next to her "see here".
"Strange I didn't hear anything though only felt the wind register as it 
passed," he said as he looked at the diagrams flashing up "did you get any 
frequency readings on that?" She brought them up. As the readings flashed up he 
looked for a second then stopped "Stop, go back to point 32". Back she went.

"There!" he pointed, "The remains of an Entry signature but no sign of an exit 
signature, where did this reading stop?"
"Right up against the hill here" Washu pointed.
He put his Dim-e next to the screen and pressed a small holographic button on it 
a search program came up on screen.
"What are you doing?" asked Washu.
"Comparing the signature to all the Watchers" he nodded once "search underway".
Thousands of images flashed past "There are nearly a million of us Washu" he 
said, as he looked through the screen "a small minority of them are either dead, 
missing or confirmed Rouge"
"Rouge you mean, on the run?"
"Uhuh" he said "Many rent their services out, disrupting the balance of time and 
history of the particular area they are rouge in, others have been driven mad by 
what they've seen or by some freak accident when too much Dimension energy has 
been absorbed by the Dim-e, it needs to discharge it so it goes through the body 
and hits the head right on, shorting it and either making the owner brain-dead 
or insane"
"Who is the most dangerous out of the lot all the Rouge watchers?"
A silence as the screen came up with a match "him" he pointed, as he looked at 
the picture "my partner, Yuri".
"He died though didn't he?" 
"Yep but that's not the whole story. Somehow his Dim-e teleported his body into 
Dimension space, the space which lies between your departure portal and your 
destination. Once there his Dim-e absorbed so much energy that it molded itself 
to his body, the energy started his heart but replaced his blood, making him 
almost immortal and his power limitless"
"That sucks"
"Yeah that too" he smiled "and he's decided to seek out the person who left him 
on orders, me"
"Is that so?" said Ryoko as she sat in mid air "First you decide that I'm not 
fit enough to have my gems and now you say your nutter of a sidekick has arrived 
for a visit"
"It was his choice, he wants to see me, either to kill me or for something else 
but hes' one of the most powerful forces in all of the millions of dimensions. 
He has not harnessed the power of the energy; he is the energy of the 
dimensions" he turned away from Ryoko "If I was you I'd stay out of this, but 
you won't, Washu I'll see you in a minute, if any thing happens make sure you 
get me back here".
Washu nodded.

***********

The Plains just outside the House and next to the Carrot fields were the scene 
of a small time cyclone, the wind speed was increasing. Gary appeared in the 
middle of the large plain. Then some way in front of him appeared Yuri.

"Ah" Smiled Gary "The nightmare appears, what brings a Rouge to my part of the 
world".
Yuri shook his head slowly "So rude to the person who saved your skin".]
"You would've been alive if you hadn't have gone down just before the planet 
exploded." He grinned, "Maybe even had shared the cute little ladies here".
"You want to know why I'm here?" Gary nodded slowly "Here to show you what I 
have done since you left me with the parts of the planet that had just exploded. 
Since I was resurrected by the Energy, I have vowed to stop what our government 
have been doing for the last 100 years, watching and keeping tabs on everyone 
else, you realizing just how many people are on the records at Watchman HQ. 
Countless amounts of people with their age, sex, even their favorite food and 
color on a Friday. But nothing has been done to stop potential disasters 
happening. We stood by as the force of several suns blew a whole system away. 
Stood by while countless trillions died in battle and what have to show for it. 
One 1000 page progress document delivered on the dot, every Tuesday to the Prime 
Minister. Well I couldn't stand by and watch this so I decided to use my power 
to gain control of each dimension one by one, crushing revolt with the energy 
that resides in me and ruling over the greatest empire ever known, the Jurai my 
control the most powerful force known ever but I have the power to nullify that 
in an instant."

"You seriously believe that this will stop bloodshed, humanity and countless 
other races have to instinct to survive, survive through people like your 
tyranny. They'll rise and rise again, more will die than ever before and you can 
be really proud of that I'm sure. I don't care about your master plans what is 
your real purpose of being here?"

"The only obstacle to my victory in this Dimension is Tenchi, Tenchi sadly could 
not join us tonight as he is a little tied up." Gary then saw in his mind Tenchi 
unconscious, maybe being mentally tortured by Yuri. "The death of your friends 
and you dearly beloved Aieka is also imminent."

"No they aren't" he said as he stared "I am Watchman no.52 Thatch. My mission is 
ensure the safety of the said subjects and ensure the destruction of Rouge 
no.34532" he said moving his hands, clearly expecting Yuri to do something 
"those are my orders under UN act 23wA Dimension authorizing operation Watchman, 
me and my comrades will uphold that act and will rather die than let you destroy 
all time and history."

"Oh well, I wanted you to stand aside but sadly its over" smiled Yuri as he 
pulled his hand back and threw it forward, his whole arm acting as a cannon 
firing off a massive onslaught of dark blue energy smacking the Gary's shield 
and sending him flying the hundreds of meters back towards to the house.

Flying through the thick perimeter wall. 

Then the outer wall. 

The living room wall. 

The outer wall on the other end. 

Then finally slamming into the perimeter wall on the other end of the house.

"Ack!" shrieked Washu as Ryoko just stared at the massive power exhibited and 
this was just the start. They both watched through the screen that Washu had 
summoned. 
"Ryoko!" Washu said in panic "Get everyone in here, Gary isn't going to do it".

Gary tried to breath as he felt his chest, one rib broken, maybe two, and one on 
each side. He tried to get up then fell back down, as his knee was dislocated, 
clicking that back into place he got up just to see Yuri arrive in front of him.

"Ahh ribs broken? Lets help you there" putting a hand on his shoulder he sent a 
wave of Blue energy focusing one part of the body. Gary shouted out in pain as 
the next pair of ribs broke.

"Now you know the real meaning of pain Gary, I'll show you how to fry a brain, 
oriental style!" laughed Yuri as he placed his hand on Gary's head. Gary opened 
his mouth to scream. Out of it came a beam of dark blue light, his eyes also 
shining out like torches.

"Common Aieka get out! Get out!" shouted Ryoko as she carried Sassami.

"What where is Tenchi and Gary?" asked Aieka as she was nearly kicked down the 
stairs.
"Tenchi is gone for now and Gary is dying now move will you!"
"What about Tenchi?" said Aieka?
"I don't know where he's disappeared!" said Ryoko "all we need to do is move to 
safety"

They all staggered into Washu's Lab, Washu sealing the door behind.
"Wait what about Gary?" said Aieka seeing the door poof in a cloud of smoke. 
Washu pointed to the display to see smoke come out of Gary's mouth as the heat 
and sheer power of the energy began to take hold.
"No, Gary please don't" she said tears forming. It was happening all over again, 
her hopes of certain happiness snatched again right at the finish line. She 
turned to Washu "We must get him out of there before he dies!".
"I'll try" she said as she tapped away on her keyboard for a second then she 
walked over to Ryoko moving her arm outstretched pointing towards a certain 
point. "Okay when I say lunge forward and pull back with all your strength!"
She waited for a second then tapped enter and shouted "now" a portal opened and 
Ryoko put her arm in and dragged Gary out of Yuri's grasp. Washu quickly closed 
and sealed the portal.

Gary was panting extremely badly. Suffering from serious shock to the nervous 
system and the brain he collapsed on a heap on the floor.

"No!" Aieka said as she placed his head in her lap "Why am I so lonely"
"Aieka, its not your fault" Gary managed despite the serious shaking.
Washu rushed over with an injection and quickly stabbed it into his arm and 
shaking stopped.

"Thanks" he said as he breathed painfully "all I need now are 4 new ribs and I'm 
a-okay!" he grinned through the pain.

"Where's Tenchi?" asked Ryoko looking at Yuri through the screen.
"Yuri abducted him, imprisoned him in his mind so he can't escape or activate 
any of his powers. Yuri will kill him"
"Can't Tsunami help him?" asked a tearful Sassami.
Gary shook his head "If he was killing him by physical means then maybe but Yuri 
is systematically killing his brain. Even if Tsunami revived him, he would be 
brain dead to do anything at all".
"We need to do something quick!" said Aieka "he'll find us soon"
"Yeah but can he beat the force field?" Smiled Washu.
"Easy" said Gary "Simply find a point inside the said shield and you've simply 
bypassed it." 
"Then can we do the same thing with Yuri?" asked Ryoko.
"His field is a solid state field, an egg shape, with every space filled, no 
entry for the smallest of portals" gasped Gary through the pain "What we need is 
Tenchi, only he can do it, I can find him then Ryoko can do the most powerful 
bolt possible, weakening the shields so far that Tenchi can slice his left arm, 
the conductor will be severed and therefore kill him instantly. The resulting 
explosion of the pent up energy though will destroy the planet. That's where I 
come in"
"What can you do now?" said Washu giving Gary a hankie after he hacked up some 
blood.
"Cheers. The weakened shield and Tenchi's sword attack will create a space, just 
big enough for me to get through, grab his arm and take it somewhere where it 
will do no harm, it might take me in the explosion, it might not but unless you 
lot like living on an asteroid belt then it's a risk I'll have to take"
"You can't!" cried Aieka "you're too weak" she said tears forming and dropping 
onto his head "I forbid it by law".
He slowly, painfully got up and turned giving Aieka a smile "I am above the law" 
a portal appeared below and he slowly started to go down through it "Ryoko 
remember the plan, just keep Yuri occupied and don't get killed"
"Consider it done," grinned Ryoko.
Gary then disappeared Aieka who was fighting back the tears fell to the ground.


The room Tenchi was in was black. He grabbed his head again as energy fired 
through his mind. In his mind, nearly every nightmare he had imagined in his 
whole life came to life at once, it felt as though each brain cell was being 
popped one by one. A figure appeared in his mind and Tenchi was kneeling down 
next to him, neck outstretched. The figure raised his sword, about to give the 
blow. The sword swooped down then darkness.

"Tenchi mate!" said Gary as he picked him up spitting out some more blood.
"Gary, what happened, why are you seriously hurt?"
"I'm okay, you need to use your light hawk wings to defeat Yuri, if you chop off 
his left arm he will lose his powers, Ryoko is currently keeping him busy, but 
she won't stay alive for long if he gets near her."
Tenchi nodded.
"I'll open a portal and you get in there and do what you have to do" he said 
waving his arm and opening a portal. Tenchi began to walk through it but an arm 
barred his way.
"Wrong portal, that ones to Las Vegas" he tried to laugh but he coughed up more 
blood he waved again.
"This one now hurry before I puncture a lung or something!"
"But what about you?" worried Tenchi.
"Look bugger off out there and help Ryoko, the last thing I need you to do after 
I've gone through all this trouble to free you is for you to stand here asking 
about my health! I've got something else to do before the big finale" he said, 
obviously fighting the painful urge to collapse in a heap.
Tenchi nodded and walked into the new portal. After he left Gary waved a new 
portal open and staggered into it, hacking some more blood onto the floor behind 
him.


"So" Yuri smiled "they've sent the daemon into the fray!"
"Nice to know that you've read up on me Yuri" nodded back Ryoko.
"I've read enough to kill you Ryoko"
"Only if I stand still" she said as she jumped back, keeping away from Yuri as 
he came closer. Yuri responded by firing off another bolt of energy at Ryoko. 
Just phasing out of the way in time she responded blasting back at him, the 
bolts absorbed by Yuri's shield.

"What a cheat!" smiled Ryoko as she dodged another bolt, getting off balanced in 
the air she corrected, looking down she saw that he was gone.

"Where?" she thought, as she looked around "behind" came the urgent reply from 
Washu as a Blue beam swept down right on her head. A small electric explosion 
was heard as Ryoko formed her energy sword and threw her arms behind her to 
block the blow, the two swords clashing with massive force. Kicking at Yuri's 
shield, using it as a springboard to get distance between him and her she turned 
to block smaller bolts of energy.

Moving at high speed, she swooped past Yuri, slashing with her sword. The energy 
field had weakened slightly as she kicked out with all her strength and the big 
Yuri fell back to earth.

"Good start" she smiled to herself as she watched him get back up effortlessly.


"Watchman HQ this is n52" said into the Holographic display as he sat in 
dimension space.
"Thatch!" said the operator on the other side "you back from holiday early?"
"Erm" he managed to smile "I think I'll need a reservation after what's just 
happened"
"Where?" said the operator "Hilton, Savoy, Ritz?" he joked.
"Hospital, intensive care preferably"
"Why what's happened?" 
"Yuri's here at D34 Sol sector, Watcher, seriously hurt, subjects under 
intensive watch and protection in serious danger!"
"Right" said the serious voice "What can we do for you then?"
"Now we know where exactly he is, shut down all dimension in area 34,43,67,87 
authorization G. Thatch"
"Right" Operator said as he tapped in the area code "Activity shut in 10 
seconds, Patching direct source to your Dim-e, you'll be able to operate but 
Yuri will lose 75% of his direct energy source"
"Cool, cheers mate I owe you one" said Gary as he tapped out and formed another 
portal and staggered through "and I didn't cough up HACK!" he spurted as he 
walked.


"Tenchi!" cried Ryoko happily as she dived away from another bolt "Something's 
happened to him, his shield's weakened a lot but he's very strong"

Tenchi in full Jurain battle gear, not really used to Dimension traveling, fell 
out of the portal, standing up he saw a blast of energy heading right for him, 
focusing hard he summoned a light wing to block the energy. The head area of his 
field took the brunt of the blow, flexing inwards and nearly touching his head 
but he stayed firm despite the force.

"Nice" he grinned "could make toast with that thing".
"Speaking of toast, that's gonna be you in" Yuri stopped " what, damn he's 
called a cut off of all dimension power in this sector, I'm weakened without 
it!"

Tenchi walking towards Yuri, changed into the next stage of clothing and again 
via the power of the light hawk wings, he summoned his sword.

"Weak huh?" he grinned "It'll cost an arm to get it back" Yuri tried to summon 
his energy sword in time only to see his left arm fall off thanks to the weak 
force field, now open was spilling out Dimension energy, forcing Tenchi back 
despite his force field. 

The severed arm, now floating was glowing brighter and brighter as energy inside 
it was looking for a place to dissipate inside, rushing around faster and 
faster, ready to explode. Gary appeared behind Yuri, slicing his head with an 
energy sword and grabbing the arm as bright light enveloped the night as the arm 
exploded. Then the night was still again. Yuri, Gary and the arm had gone.


The days after what had happened in the first week of June were kind of solemn, 
Sassami made snacks for the private funeral of Gary Thatch. Everyone turned out 
in force, even Yosho who in his old age had slept through the entire battle. 
Aieka was inconsolable, seeing this as a repeat of the last 700 years, Ryoko was 
sad that she never had the chance to try again with Gary but Tenchi had lost a 
friend who had tried to ease the tension in the house thanks to the feuding of 
the two women. Sassami tried her best and vowed to learn English so she could 
complete her book. Washu though had lost an old friend, one of the few that 
actually kept in touch with her every 1,000 years or so. Oh and the Satellite 
receiver was still stuck on the Soap channel after Gary's Dim-e had hit it as he 
flew through the house.

As the Headstone was laid next to the Lake, Washu watched from a nearby hill, a 
tear trickled down her cheek, still though, she was emotionless and looked on 
the good times she had with her.

"Professor Washu?" a male voice asked.
Washu turned and looked to see a western man in a light suit.
"How did you know my name?" she asked ready for anything at this point in time.
"Commander McCann of Operation Watchman Professor" he said, bowing slightly.
"You have no Dim-e," she said, wiping the tear away "how did you get here?"
"Oh my buddies in the air force behind me gave me a lift" he pointed to a 
clearing behind them where a dark gray, sleek aircraft, of much different design 
and construction to the any of the craft on this planet "made with the best 
materials the Galaxy can offer" he smiled.
"and why are you here, to pay your last respects to Gary?"
"Well yes and no, I can't really stay long as this infringes on the thousands of 
peace agreements in force by my.employers. Anyway I'm here to offer any support 
that I can in this time of crisis, what do you really need right now?"
"Well" Washu thought.
"I hear your TV is on the blink?" suggested McCann.
"What? How" 
"Don't worry, I'll send for it to be repaired tomorrow, now my plane awaits, 
you'll need to join your friends down below for the funeral service"
"Erm thanks" said Washu, grief covered by confusion as she walked down the hill.

As she went out of view another man walked next to McCann.
"Arranged?" he asked.
"Of course" McCann grinned,  "you'll be sent in the morning, don't be late for 
them" he said walking to his plane.


After the service, Aieka was left to sit with the headstone as she watched the 
sun set with her Gary.

"It always happens to me Gary," she said as a light breeze blew "When I feel 
I've captured happiness, something happens to steal it from me. All I have are 
your books and I can't even read them!" she mustered as she put her head in her 
hands and cried. 
"To tell the truth, Gary, I loved you, with my heart. I love Tenchi too but he 
is a lost cause, he will never be happy under an endless life of protocol and 
privilege. If I want Tenchi to be happy, he must stay here where he feels where 
he belongs" she sobbed.

"But you were the only person to understand my position, taking my mind off my 
dilemma by reading to me." She put a hand on the headstone "thank you Gary" she 
said, tears streaking down her face as she walked into the house.


The next day brought a knock at the door. A repairman from the Satellite TV 
company had arrived to fix the TV.

Washu opened the door and smiled.

"Won't keep you long ma'aam" smiled the repairman as he took his shoes off and 
walked into the living room "your TV?" he said as he turned it on.

"Yes the receiver broke during a moment of stress" Washu lied.
"I'll connect a new one, I've been instructed to give you the details to claim 
your years free subscription which includes the new digital service." He said as 
he replaced the receiver "forms in my bag".
"Wow" smiled Washu "2500 channels in every language of the world. Fancy"
"Also is there a Ms. Aieka in the house I need to deliver a message for her.

"I am she" said Aieka, walking down the stairs in her Kimono she used for 
mourning in.
"Ah" he beamed "I've been told to give you this box from my.uh.employers Ms. 
Aieka" he smiled "That's all I need to do, push your card in the slot of the 
receiver and it will work properly" with that he bowed in respect of the 
occasion and left.

"What's in the box Aieka?" wondered Washu.
"I have no idea" she said as she opened it to find a remote control with one 
button on it and a note.
"What does it say?" jumped Washu.
"Please press the button to receive a gift of a lifetime?" she said, picking up 
the remote control "well here goes". 

As soon as Aieka pressed the button a door appeared in front of her.
"Wow" she said sarcastically "a door"
"Open it you idiot and see what's inside" 

Cautiously opening the door she slowly walked through. The scene she walked into 
was one of complete paradise. She walked onto a beach, the clear, light blue 
water lapping up onto the shore, the white sand clean and clear as a wind cooled 
the air to a pleasant heat. 

Looking at the sea she walked forward a hand landed on her shoulder, she jumped 
into the air in shock and turned round in anger to see the sweet face of Gary 
smiling softly. Aieka's face of rage turned to abject joy as she hugged Gary.

"What happened you never came back!" she said with tears in her eyes, tears of 
joy this time.
"Well I dropped the arm and Yuri into separate suns to burn up and returned to 
HQ, I was hospitalized for a couple of days while my ribs healed and while I had 
brain scans to see what damage there was. After that I pulled a few favors from 
the brass and here I am, with you, alone on a desert island." He said grinning.

"I'm so happy you're back Gary" she cried.
"Hey you gonna try changing out of those clothes Aieka?" he said with an eyebrow 
raised "ugh! Feels like somebody died".
"I will after I do one thing" she said smiling shyly.
"What's that Princess?"

Aieka kissed Gary softly as she put all her frustration behind her and went for 
it. Gary blushed after the kiss. 
"I love you Gary" she smiled softly.
"I love you too Aieka".
The two stopped and Aieka walked off to open the door, only to find it gone.
"Wheres it gone?" she said suddenly.
"Wheres what gone?"
"the door"
"oh damn! I left my Dim-e back at HQ, hmm guess we'll have to wait to be agg!" 
Two young girls and an older woman cut off Gary for a second.

"I'm so happy your back Gary!" said Little Washu tearfully.
"Read to me Gary read to me!" said Sassami excited.
"No spar with me Gary spar with me!" laughed Ryoko.
"Tenchi say something!" said Gary weighed down by all the people hanging off 
him. Aieka giggled.

Tenchi said "Something".





