Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi Muyo, Pioneer
and AIC do.  I just use them for my....personal
pleasure....(kidding).  Anyways, I put so much
extra stuff in my stories, it's almost unreal.
HAH HAHAAA!  I am Captain Cliché!  I use all
of other people's material!  YOU CAN'T TOUCH
ME!!!


		No Need for Self Control!!
		        -Part Five-
		by Argus Cromwell
		a.k.a.Dade Gifford

	Tenchi was still feeling pained after
all of that vomiting yesterday.  Twelve kids?
How could he not be a little sick?  Ugh...
Washu was having TRIPLETS, as was Sasami,
Mihoshi and Kiyone were having twins.  Ryoko
and Aeka were having one each.  But it seemed
impossible, to be able to have room and board,
and food, and all the necessities for those kids.
Tenchi honestly couldn't think of a way to 
provide.  He decided he'd mention this to the 
women at breakfast.
	Tenchi got out of his bed and went to
the shower.  Only, he was stopped by six women,
all of which were in the bathroom, vomiting.
Tenchi was confused for a moment, but then 
realized this might be from their pregnancies.
<Wait a tic,> he thought.  <They JUST told me
they were pregnant.  And they couldn't have 
conceived any earlier than one week ago.  Not
even, really.>  Tenchi waited for them to 
finish, which did take a while.
	"Now wait.  How could that be starting
already?  Shouldn't you have to be at least
a couple of months pregnant?"
	Washu stepped forward.  "Actually, 
Tenchi darling, we are different from all the
earth women you're used to having around.  You
see, our gestation periods are much shorter."
	Tenchi's face drained of its color.
"Whaa?"
	"Yep.  You see, we only have to wait
about one month."
	Tenchi's eyes looked like they would
leave his head.  "ONE FREAKIN' MONTH?!?!?!!!!"
	Washu nodded.  
	"MMFFF!" Tenchi put his hand to his mouth
and pushed past the women, where he was violently
ill for another 150 minutes.  
	"You know, I really think he's overreacting."
said Mihoshi.
	Tenchi stepped out of the bathroom wiping
his mouth, and looking very gaunt.  He moaned as 
he opened the door.  "O-one month?" he questioned
weakly.  All the women nodded.  Tenchi collapsed
in a heap.  Ryoko sighed, and gathered Tenchi up.
She carried him to the couch, as Sasami finished
making breakfast.
	Tenchi awoke to the smell of food.  Aeka 
brought a tray of food over to him, and he ate
eagerly.  After he was satisfied (which was a lot
of food), he decided to mention the little problem
he and the women would be facing.  "Uh, ladies?"
he said.  They all looked up.  "Well, how are we
going to provide food and all the other necessities
for the babies?" 
	"Well," started Kiyone.  "I believe Washu
already told you that we could breastfeed the kids.
That will hold out for a while, because the first
few months they will be totally dependent on our
milk." The women looked thoughtful at that.
	"Oh, and Washu?" said Tenchi.  "Since
it won't be long till they're born, can you determine
the gender of the children?"
	"Yes I can, Tenchi.  You're going to have
eleven girls and one boy." Tenchi facefaulted.
	"Who's having the boy?" he said meekly.
	"I am, Lord Tenchi," said Aeka proudly.
	Tenchi smiled weakly at Aeka.  He looked 
around at the six women that loved him.  And he 
thought about the twelve kids that would be added
to that number.  Just then, Nobuyuki came down 
from upstairs.  "Twelve huh?  That's my boy!"
he embraced Tenchi in a crushing hug.  After 
Tenchi gasped that he needed air, Nobuyuki left
for the kitchen.  
	Tenchi stood up to go out to the fields,
and he stopped to think about how each woman 
would treat their kids.  All of them were showing
already.  Especially Washu.
	<Aeka...she would probably be a little
strict, but very loving, and very protective,>
he thought.
	<Ryoko...she wouldn't be as strict, but
she definately would like to play with them. 
Her child will have a lot of fun.>
	<Kiyone...her kids would learn to go by
the law, and would no doubt be the best-behaved
children of them all.>
	<Mihoshi...her kids, if the way she 
acted was any indication, would probably try and
stick around Kiyone's kids.>
	<Washu...hers would no doubt be the most
brilliant of them all, due to their mother's 
teaching.>
	<Sasami...well, they would be a team of
cooks.  Or maybe they wouldn't want to be cooks.
But either way, they'd be very compassionate.>
	Tenchi thought of something.  Who would
be doing the deliveries?  At first he thought
about Washu, but she would be one of the women
who would need it, as well.  Oh, she'd probably
have some contingency plan...
	Tenchi sighed, and stood up.  It was time
to do the chores.  He went out to the shrine and
got his broom.  Tenchi swept the area outside
the shrine, and some of the steps.  Katsuhito
came out of the shrine to talk.  "So, I understand
that you have twelve kids coming along.  And I
suppose the obvious problems have occurred to you.
So what is your solution?"
	"Well, right now I'm not sure.  I'm hoping
that Washu will have some sort of invention that
will be able to make food, or something."
	"Hmm.  Relying on others to solve your
problem.  That is a man's problem, Tenchi.  You
are supposed to provide for them."
	"I don't know what to do, jiichan."
	"Well, I will leave you to decide what
you will do about it."
	Tenchi remained silent after that.
Couldn't they have come to the same conclusion as
that without all the talking?  Oh well.  Tenchi
finished sweeping, and put the towel away.  Then
he went out to the fields to weed them and make
sure they were getting enough water.  
	Once he had seen to the carrots, he 
brought a basket full of the ones that were 
ready for harvesting.  No doubt that Ryo-ohki
would be feasting tonight.  In fact, Ryo-ohki
came out to meet him (surprise, surprise).  He
handed her a carrot, to tide her over for a  
while.
	She left with a happy miya, and he was
allowed to go on his way.  Tenchi thought about
what Katsuhito had said about solving his own
problems, but he honestly couldn't think of a
way to do so.  Even if he did get a job, it 
wouldn't be enough.  And he didn't want to ask
Jurai for money.  Tenchi figured he still wasn't
on good terms with Asuza.  He highly doubted that
the emperor would want to loan him any money,
especially after he'd 'soiled' his daughter like
that.
	Tenchi would stick with his plans, and 
hope that Washu had something in store for the
future.  "Wow.  One month and I'm a father, 
twelve times over," he said to no one.  "I 
wonder how many other guys my age could say
that?"  Probably none.  But he was unique from
the start, so why get rid of a good trend?
	"..so then I says, "Why, if I walked
around calling myself a shogun because some
geriatric priest threw a sword at me, they'd
put me away!" Ryoko was telling some story to
Aeka, and they both laughed hysterically after
that.  Tenchi was surprised to actually see 
them laughing together, and it was something
that made him feel happy. 
	But of what Tenchi caught of that
last sentence, he couldn't help but wonder why
it sounded so familiar...
	He decided to drop it and continue on.
	"Oh!  Hello, Lord Tenchi!" Aeka latched
on to Tenchi's right arm.
	"Hi, Tenchi!" Ryoko latched onto his 
left.  Tenchi kissed them both, and then 
remembered he had that basket of carrots on
his back.  "Whoops, I forgot to put this away.
Be right back."
	Tenchi went outside to put away the 
basket into the shed.  He walked back and 
went into the onsen.  Of course, the women
joined him shortly afterwards.  He didn't have
much of a problem with that, except for the 
fact that he still got a nosebleed when he
saw them naked.  "Good thing the lights were
out in that room," mused Tenchi.
	He decided he'd have to get used to
bathing with one hand pinching his nose.  
And as usual, the women volunteered to wash
him off again.  He respectfully declined.  
But Tenchi did take time to notice the bulging
stomachs on his women.  
	"Well, I can see you all are showing
pretty well..."
	Aeka blushed, Ryoko beamed.  Mihoshi
smiled, and Kiyone looked down, blushing.
Sasami smiled, too, not bothering to mention
that she was way too young, in the most 
literal sense.
	Washu patted her stomach lightly and 
said, "Yep, well, it's not like I haven't been 
through this before."
	Tenchi put an arm around Aeka, who
was sitting to his left, and one around 
Ryoko, to his right.  "My only regret is that
I can't get my arms around all of you girls,"
he said.
	"I could change that," said Washu, 
smiling deviously.
	"Uh, no-no, I was just being rhetorical!"
stammered Tenchi.  Washu laughed out loud.
	Ryoko sat in his lap.  "I'll hug you
on my own, Tenchi!" she said.  Tenchi got 
another nosebleed.  Kiyone sidled up next to
Tenchi where Ryoko had been, and Tenchi put
his arm around her, instead.  Ryoko continued
to embrace him, planting kisses on his cheek.
	Aeka, not to be outdone, kissed him
fully on the lips.  Soon, all the women were
trying to kiss him.  Tenchi almost ran out
of room for more kisses, until Ryoko and
Washu started getting creative...  And then
he had to stop them, 'cause that could have
gotten out of hand.  "Not in the onsen,
ladies." he said.
	Slowly, they stopped.  Tenchi got
out and dried himself off, accompanied by 
the cheers of the women.  Especially Ryoko.
"Yeah, baby!  Woo!  That's a REAL man!  Show
it all, honey!"  Tenchi blushed.  He thought
that he'd never put his clothes on that fast
before in his life.
	Tenchi sat down on the couch to 
watch a little TV.  To him, it seemed as if
time was traveling too fast.  Things were 
happening and moving his day along too fast,
and he didn't get to spend much time with
his women.  Yeah, his women.  He'd already
gotten to think of them that way.  And while
they were pregnant, things would be a little
more exciting as they ran for the bathroom
every other minute.  But nothing compared 
to his sessions yesterday. 
	One by one, the women got out of the
bath and sat on the couch next to him.  They
watched the soap that was on TV.  Nothing 
else was on.  So Sasami went and made some
ramen for dinner.  They ate, and they went
to bed.  All of them laid down in the huge
bed, beyond king-size one that Washu made.
And of course, the women had wanted to 
'hop on the good foot and do the bad thing'
but Tenchi declined, because they were all
pregnant, and they shouldn't be doing that.
Of course, Ryoko overruled that order, and
well, we all know what happens next.
	After all that, Tenchi sat and
wondered still about what he would do, if
feeding his kids would really be as hard
as he thought, or if some other solution
would present itself....
============================================
There we go again, another chapter.  You know,
I wonder just how long I can keep this up.  I
mean, I haven't thought of a single thing that
is exciting to put in my stories!  AIEE!!
(Oh, and about that Disclaimer...I've just 
been not getting a lot of sleep lately..)
	  