	 This is my first fan fic! It took me nearly a month to write. I 
hope you enjoy it. E-mail me if you like. 
All Tenchi characters and situations are copyright of Pioneer Animation 
and AIC. We really don't need any
lawsuits.  
	Raikon Jurai, his ship Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao are all 
creations of my mind. Kudos to Liz
 Holt for the usage of her characters Akina and Yukio and the idea of 
the Universe Forces. She's a great friend! 
Raikon resembles Misaki, especially in the hair. He has the same 
cerulean color as hers (As I refer to it as.)
It goes down chin length; no pony-tail and his bangs go to his eyebrows. 
His face resembles hers but is more round. His eyes are the same Royal 
Teardrop purple as Yosho's. He has no facial markings. His costume is 
the same as Misaki's except is set off by a big black cape. If there is 
anything anyone needs to know just e-mail me. Enjoy!  ^_^

Oh! It might be sagacious to warn you there is a kiss of lime...(well, 
actually, more like a wedge!)..but nothing
horribly discriptive.
 
************************************************************************
*********         No Need For the Tiger 

	"Mihoshi, Kiyone! The infamous space criminal, Raikon, is on a 
planet near your patrol...Saturn,"the  
Section Chief reported. "He's destoying the habitation of Gorobos. We're 
counted on you to stop him.
"Senselessly killing animals..," Kiyone said. "Even if they ARE bugs! 
That's low...Even for a space pirate."
"Yeah!" Mihoshi piped up. "Even Ryoko isn't that bad!"
"Idiot! Shut up! Yes sir! We'll capture that fiend!"

	*WA-BOOM! WA-BOOM! WA-BOOM!*
The figure, high in the air blasts at the ground, with dead insect 
bodies scattering the landscape. He looks
down at the two GP officers racing towards him. He's tapped into the GP 
database. He knows who they are.
"Kiyone! Mihoshi! Stay away! These things need to be destroyed! Just 
keep your distance!" 
"Keep our distance?! Yeah right! You are under arrest!" "I won't attack 
you!..I will allow you to arrest me.
 Just let me finish destroying these vile creatures!" 
"Finish your job? Mihoshi! Blast him!"  "Right!"
She aims her Standard Issue pistol at him and shoots a direct beeline to 
Raikon's midarea. 
"AAAARRRRGGGGHHHHH!!!"
"Wow....she actually hit him...," Kiyone said, surprised. 
He fell to the ground with a sizeable impact. They run to his body and 
latched a pair of cuffs on his wrists.
He looked up at them. "Aggghhh...If  I was supposed to be 
arrested...*groan*...well...I'm glad it was
by you, Kiyone." He falls back, unconscious.
	Kiyone was confused. "Huh?"  "That was easier than I thought it 
would be! Huh, Kiyone?" Miho-
shi asked. "What? Yeah...It was..." 
	"Sir! We have captured Raikon. Would you like us to send him 
directly to HQ?"
"Actually, we would like you to keep him with you for some time. And 
very good work. That is all.
...." 
"What?! Take him with us?! Are they insane?!" Kiyone yelled.
"*Yawn*....I'm kinda tired, Kiyone. Let's go home."
	
	"Hey Kiyone?" "Yes, Mihoshi?" 
"Where's Raikon going to sleep?"  "
Uh...I guess he can sleep on the couch...*yawn*."
 Kiyone walked to a closet and hands Raikon a blanket.  "Keep quiet, 
you," she drowsily warned. Mihoshi smiled. "Good night, Raikon!" 
He snuggled into the couch. "Good night, girls."  "Good night," Kiyone 
replied.
	
	The next morning, Kiyone woke up to hear and smell the sizzling of 
bacon. "Huh?"
[Mihoshi couldn't be making breakfast...I would have waken up from the 
explosion...]
"Mihoshi!"  "Oh, you're awake, Kiyone? Morning!" she yelled from the 
kitchen. "Good morning. Wha-"
"Good morning, Kiyone!" Raikon greeted from the next room. "How do you 
like your eggs?"
"Over easy!" She replied. " "What the?!" She rushed out into the kitchen 
to see Raikon pouring three cups 
of hot, green tea. "What in the world are you doing?!" Kiyone asked, 
mostly confused.
"Making breakfast. What does it look like?" "And it's really good too, 
Kiyone!" Mihoshi piped in.
"WHY is he making breakfast?" "Oh, well, when I woke up this morning, I 
smelled something really good and
I found Raikon making eggs! And they're really yummy!"  
 "Why thank you, Mihoshi. I'm glad you like them. Now settle down, 
Kiyone and have some hot, green tea.        
Your eggs are almost done." 
"You're an infamous space criminal and making...oohhh....okay. *sip* 
Mmm...That's some good tea."
"Oh, yeah. I went out and did some grocery shopping." "Grocery 
shopping?!" Kiyone roared. "How did you get out of the house?" "My 
intangibility."
 "Oh yeah...your...Your intangi-! *sigh*  Don't do it again. 
Umm...thanks." 
"No problem. So why don't we go to Tenchi's place? I wonder if Ayeka and 
Ryoko have torn each other apart yet? Ha ha." Kiyone and Mihoshi glance 
at him questioningly.
"How-how do you know about them?" Kiyone asked. 
"I know all of them," he said simply. "Princess Sasami, the young chef; 
the Royal Guards, Azaka & Kamidake; Ryo-Ohki the cabbit; genius, 
Professor Washu; and Nobuyuki and Katsuhito as well. Ha ha."
"Wow. That's all of them...yeah...le-let's go." "Yay!" Mihoshi 
exclaimed. "We're gonna see everybody!"
"You stay out of trouble, alright?"  "Yes ma'am. Would you like to take 
my ship?" Raikon asked.
"Huh? Your ship? Wouldn't it be on Saturn?"
"Yeah. Hold on." He walked to the door and looked outside. Kiyone 
watched as he raised his arm into the air.
"SAIKYOU!" Raikon's voice sounded like a clap thunder.
*CCC-CRACK!* 
A lightning bolt blasted from his hand to the sky, or visa versa, she 
wasn't sure. The next thing she knew they were in a vast, interplanetary 
ship. "We'll arrive in Okiyama shortly," he reported.

	As Mihoshi and Kiyone walked into the Masaki household they were 
greeted by Sasami. "Hello Mihoshi! Hello Kiyone! You're just in time for 
breakfast!" "Really? Well thank you anyway. We're full," Kiyone replied.
"Where'd you guys eat?" They walked farther into the house and following 
them was a handsome man with a billowing cape following behind him. 
"Nice to meet you Princess Sasami."
"Oh...Who are you? Are you a friend of Mihoshi and Kiyone's?"
"We'll introduce him when everyone gets into the den, okay?" Kiyone 
asked her.
 "Alright then! Hey! Everybody! Mihoshi and Kiyone are here! And they 
brought a friend!"
Ryoko appeared. "Who is it...*gasp...choke*...R....R....R...." Her lip 
trembled but nothing came out.
Everyone else filed in after her.
"Everyone!" Mihoshi began, "Meet Raikon!" "We arrested him yesterday. 
He's in our custody."
"Yeah! And his cooking is really great!" "*Sigh* Yes it is."
Ayeka gasped. "Wait. I recognize that name! You're an infamous space 
pirate, like Ryoko!"
Ryoko finally regained her ability to speak. "What are you doing here, 
Raikon? How did you let those two capture you? You were never weak." 
"Hey, I was caught off guard. Alright? Nice to see you again, Ryoko." 
"Space pirate?" Tenchi asked. "Not another one. Kiyone, what happened?"
Kiyone explained what happened just that night.
	Raikon turned to the pink-haired scientist and gave her a stern 
look. She nodded. "Katsuhito, may we go outside to talk in private?"
"Sure. Why not?" he answered nonchalantly.
"Grandfather?! What ar-" Tenchi is halted by Katsuhito's hand. He and 
Raikon walk outside closing the sliding door.
Tenchi asked, "How does he know our names?" "He won't tell us," Kiyone 
aswered.
"You know what?" "What, Mihoshi?" "For a space pirate, he's pretty 
cute!" Kiyone blushed.
"You don't know when to talk do you?" Ryoko, stifling a laugh asked, 
"Hey Kiyone?" 
"What...what is it?" Ayeka giggled. "Why are you blushing?" They started 
laughing hysterically. Kiyone only grew more crimson, wishing to be, at 
worst, cerise.

	"You haven't told them yet." "It is not yet time, brother," Yosho 
replied. "Why did you let
 them make you angry?" "Yosho...I don't know. I didn't mean to kill 
anyone...uhgh..."
"I'm glad to see your auras are residual and sustained. But...
Killing Xeresei was the beginning." Raikon winced.
He seethed through his teeth. "It was an accident. God." 
Silence resided. They absorbed the scenery.
"This is just as lovely as Jurai. Wouldn't you agree, brother?"
"Yes. Seventy-seven minutes before me and you're much more powerful than 
myself."
"...I've fallen in love with First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi." 
"A fellow officer. Good choice....She's got spunk."
"Don't I know it."
"Raikon, why not, at lunch, you and Sasami compete in the cooking arts?"
"Hmm...sure. I'd love to see the kid's skills. I've 'heard' she's good." 
"Hmm...of course you have.
And train my grandson Tenchi for a while."  "Alright. He's 
prominent..you taught him well.  He DID save the universe."
"Yes...Kagato was clever to impersonate me after the successful coup."
"I'm glad to find mother and father turned out to be fine. Where were 
they?"
"Those three? Well Kagato was Washu's student..."
"Alternate dimension?" 
"Yup."
"Quiant. Well we better get back inside."
"Yes. They'll start fearing for my life."
The two Juraians laughed heartily.

	Katsuhito and Raikon reentered the house. "Raikon and I have made 
an agreement." "Agreement, grandfather?" Tenchi asked. "What do you 
mean?" "Raikon will train you."
"WHAT?! Are you crazy, grandpa?!?! He's an imfamous space pirate!!!"
"So is Ryoko. But you two are great friends."
"...."
Ayeka stood up. "You cannot-"
"Ayeka, do not question my judgement," Katsuhito answered. "Now Tenchi, 
take Raikon to the training grounds. We'll be there shortly. Now 
everyone else finish your breakfast. Kiyone and Mihoshi, follow me."
The three walked right behind Tenchi and Raikon.
As they strided up the long path of stone stairsteps, Kiyone's thoughts 
worked in her mind.
[Why am I being so kind to this criminal? But...criminal? It can't be 
true...He seems so ardent and courteous! And such a compassionate 
gentleman...
He's like a magnet..so charismatic..I can't help-
no! It's probably an act! He's fooling us all...And I'm a Galaxy Police 
detective. I shouldn't be thinking like this...but I can't help 
thinking...
how right Mihoshi was...Wow. Mihoshi right for once. What are the odds?] 
Just as she was feeling a warm, fuzzy feeling, she was brought back to 
focus.
"Kiyone? Kiyone? You awake?" 
"Huh? Yeah..what is it?"
"Well I thought you might just like watch Raikon train Tenchi."
Kiyone looked up and saw Raikon and Tenchi on opposite platforms at the 
opposite sides of the training area. A few minutes later, the rest of 
the Tenchi crew arrived.
	Raikon drew a wooden sword from his cloak. Tenchi drew another 
similar, wooden sword. Raikon smiled. "Are you ready?" "Yeah! C'mon!" 
Tenchi yelled, excited. 
"Ha...good boy."
It began.
Tenchi rushed at Raikon and swiped at his clavicle only to have Raikon 
flip over him.
When he landed in the sinuous way he did, he calmly tapped Tenchi on the 
shoulder.
Tenchi swung around and followed through with multiple swipes and 
strikes...
all of which Raikon blocked and dodged all of.
Ayeka was stunned.
[He fights as if he were from..he is truely strong...is it possible?...
No. Juraians are loyal. We never kill except for peace. A Juraian space 
pirate...never heard of such a thing! Excepr for...Kagato. He's is a 
gentleman...
Nothing like my Tenchi, though!]
They continued their sparring.
"Stop," Raikon commanded. "Good."
He performed a backflip and caught himself, levitating in midair. "Try 
this."
Raikon lobbed two rocks at Tenchi. *CLICK! CLACK!*
"Good. How about four more?" *TICK! CLICK! WHACK! CLACK!*
He smiled. "Why don't we turn up the heat!" Raikon generated an electric 
orb and chucked it at Tenchi.
"What the?!" 
Ayeka gasped in fear. "Tenchi!"
"Ayeka, no," Ryoko halted. "Raikon won't harm Tenchi."
"How do you know that? He could just blow him up right now for all you 
know!"
Ryoko was silent and straight faced.
Tenchi grunted as he batted the blast away with a strong whip.
"Good. Good. Now let's double the fun!" "Oh no," Tenchi groaned.
Raikon winged two thudrous spheres Tenchi's way.
Tenchi performed a side flip to dodge the first, then with a powerful 
swing, knocked away the second but with difficulty.
	"Hmm...I'm impressed. But.." Raikon lurched up high into the air 
and into the sky.
"Can you handle...my Shadow Ball?"
Raikon then proceeded to conjure a much larger Thunder Ball;
then suddenly,  a darkness absorbed into it, covering, blending, and 
melding into the orb. 
It soon reached well greater than the size of a beachball.
"Try this on for size, Tenchi!" 
Tenchi Masaki put himself in a defensive position at this point.
A second later, Raikon released his Shadow Ball.
This orb of immense energy fell as Tenchi held defiently his stance.
Raikon started to get nervous.
[What? No! He's not going to move. He'll stand his ground...keep his 
guard. No. I have to do it. For so many reasons.]
As the dark sphere fell, it was quickly followed by the stern Raikon 
flying swiftly down. 
"Tenchi! No! What are you doing?!" Ayeka cried out.
Ryoko was starting to get nervous. She moaned a frightened moan.
Raikon landed directly in between Tenchi and his abyssmal weapon with a 
powerful blast of speed.
A seraphine, white light appeared as Raikon raised his hand.
In a matter of milliseconds the Shadow Ball struck.

	When the light faded, everyone was in awe. Well, almost everyone.
"The..the..the Wings of the LightHawk!" Ayeka said in disbelief. 
"But....no...you are of Juraian blood?"
"Uh....Raikon...thank....ugh." Ryoko's eyes welled up in tears.
"No need to thank me, Ryoko. You know as well as I do that I wouldn't 
let Tenchi die. Especially if it was I whom the blood was stained."  
He turned around to a stunned Tenchi. Raikon's face was straight; that 
of a warrior's.
"How are you?" "I'm fine. Just a little shaken up...Why?"
"It's my duty."
"Huh? You're duty? What do you mean?"
"That of which I won't explain at this time."
He glanced at Katsuhito with a smile. "You should tell them now, Yosho."
Yosho smiled and growled. Ayeka, frightened turned to Yosho. "Yosho? 
Brother?"
Yosho straightened his glasses and melde into his true appearance. 
"Yes...I'm sorry I hadn't told you, Ayeka."
"Wait a second," Ayeka said. "Where's Sasami? GUH!" 
She turned to where Sasami was and a tall woman appeared in her 
replacement. 
"Where did this woman come from?! Who the hell are you, anyway?"
"Ah, Tsunami," Raikon said with a pleasant smile. "Been a while. Did you 
tell Sasami?"
"Yes, my Lord."
"And did you tell her to keep it confidential?"
"Of course, my Lord."
"How are you?"
"Fine, Prince Raikon."
"Now could you-" "TSUNAMI?! Prince Raikon?! Tsunami, Jurai's most 
powerful spaceship?!" Ayeka practically screamed.
"Ahem. As I was saying! Before I was interrupted...Could you explain 
your prescence, Goddess Tsunami?"
"Gladly, Sir. Yes, Ayeka, I am Goddess Tsunami and Jurai's most powerful 
weapon...in the flesh so to speak."
"Where's Sasami?"
"Well, this is some news you may not want. I am the future vision of  
Sasami.
Let me explain. 
                                                                            
********
"Wow. That's an interesting story. I can't believe that happened to her 
and I never heard a word of it."
"I blocked it from her memory. But now she is old enough to know."
"Oh. Okay, I understand." Ayeka turned to Raikon. "Hmm...I still don't 
believe you're from Jurai! Now explain why you tried to kill my Tenchi!"
"Wait a second," Ryoko began. "Your Tenchi? Ayeka, how many times do-"
"Ryoko. Can it will ya? Lemme explain first then you can continue your 
bickering."
"Yes sir!" she replied with a salute.
"Good girl. Alright, first the "Almost Killing Tenchi" situation. My 
Shadow Ball:
It's a confected blast of energy best gathered by darkness that, had I 
summoned its full power, would have destroyed all of you, including this 
entire planet. 
The concentrated version, however, would have just left a small crater. 
Though enough to kill Tenchi. 
I used the concentrated version.
But had Tenchi evaded the attack, which I was almost sure he would do, 
it would have, just as I say, left a small crater.
I was suprised. You're just as stubborn as your grandfather." "Yes. Yes 
he is," Nobuyuki put in.
"If I hadn't used the LightHawk Wings, everyone would have had my head. 
Besides as a fellow Juraian, I'd not wish any harm on the boy.
I'm of the Juraian royalty. But I was exiled when I killed my friend, 
Xeresei. *groans* But it was an accident.
We were sparring together, as we normally did. The mistake came was when 
he rushed at me, catching me off guard, and he slipped on a wet rock. My 
sword was ready. He was impaled upon my blade. 
To make matters worse, I became frightened and shut down his heart with 
a burst of electrical energy...Cardiac Arrest...
He may have lived if I hadn't electricuted him. I could have healed him. 
Sure, he'd be unconscious for a few hours...But no! I ran away! I was a 
coward! His blood was spilled on my hands. My hands were forever soiled 
by his blood.
 I ran from his corpse and accessed Saikyou. I left...I ran away...the 
new murderer..frightened of what he had done...I ran away...
 I thought, afterward, he'd be happier, that I put him out of his 
misery. He'd be happier from this life.
But no...that was just an excuse...to feign for my stupidity...my 
anger...my confusion...my sorrow...for my immense power that killed so 
many!
Why did they chase me? Why did they have to die? Because it was their 
job? My God.
Five thousand Galaxy Police officers. W-w-why? So much potential..."
Raikon was at the verge of tears. Actually, everyone was.
He blinked off the emerging tears in front of the Royal Teardrop 
scenery, allowing them to run down his cheeks. As he shook his head to 
regain himself, his cerulean hair swayed in melancholic divinity.
He took a deep breath before he began.
"When I first created my Shadow Ball I...I...I can remember it 
clearly...yes...oh so clearly...
	"I found a resort planet while again escaping from the Galaxy 
Police. I only stayed for a few weeks before they found me again. 
I was happy there. I was a bit upset, as you could imagine. 
I flew up into the planet's atmosphere and into the darkness of space. 
They sure were a persistent fleet. They attacked me. I didn't want to 
retaliate nor would I surrender.
The enegy flowed in my veins as they attacked me...I was lost in the 
abyssmal darkness...
And when I completely lost myself, I began absorbing darkness, the lost 
energy left by wormholes...the darkness...
It formed into a sphere...I had it...knowing exactly what to do but in 
contradiction, having no clue what the hell I was doing.....and....
I released it.
It destroyed so many and so much...
That planet and fifteen colonies....
And the people....
Twelve million civilians....
Although I pray everyday for the souls that have died by my 
hands...Those whose blood stained my hands...
Xeresei, old friend, may your soul rest in peace."
Raikon looked skyward, then down towards the earth with his fist to his 
heart in prayer. 
He snapped his head back up as he went on.
But those Gorobos...They deserve no such holy devinance...
They are pests of the entire universe! Worthless..."
"How is that, sir?" Tenchi asked. "Should we begin the cooking contest? 
Raikon? Sasami?" Yosho changed the subject. "Cooking contest?" 
"Yes, Tenchi, cooking contest. Two of the best Juraian chefs will cook 
for us tonight. Since it's now 5:30 in the afternoon." 
Tsunami had turned back into Sasami during Raikon's explanation.
"Oh yes! Let's!" She exclaimed. "That will be good to reduce poor Prince 
Raikon's stress." 
"Thank you, Princess Sasami. You know what? It's kinda strange...I 
haven't been called "Prince" in a long time...feels kind of good...
But you needant not refer to me by it. Just Raikon is fine. Shall we 
go?"
A few seconds later, they proceed towards the house, and Raikon motions 
Ryoko to him.
"Yes?" she whispered.
"Thank you for not telling anyone of my past," he said in whisper. "No 
problem. But I had no idea you could generate the LightHawk Wings." "Me 
either," Washu quietly added.
"I thank you, too, Goddess Washu."
Washu's brow tightened. She growled.
"Ex-goddess."
Raikon chuckled. "Well thanks in the same. I'm really glad I got to see 
you two once more."
Kiyone came up from the side to him. "Prince Raikon?"
"Hmm? Yes, Kiyone?"
"I'm very sorry for your arrest...I...I'll clear everything up with 
Headquarters...okay?"
"Don't be sorry, Kiyone. I've done so much destruction...I deserve 
it..." 
"No. You don't. We've forgiven Ryoko...and she's plighted the sun many 
times worse than you have."
"Well...if you really feel I deserve forgiveness- which I don't -then, I 
thank you...Kiyone...."
He stroked a large hand through her soft, Teal hair. 
She smiled up at him. He was wearing a heart-melting grin.
She blushed and redirected her eyes to the ground.
Her eyes sparkled....her heart was warmed...
Mihoshi giggled.
"Hey, Kiyone!" She whispered. "I think he likes you too!"
Kiyone felt embarrassed.
"Mihoshi...*growls*...You really don't know when to say something, do 
you? Idiot..."
She gulped as she felt her face flush.






