No Need For a Rescue !

By Bart "Ryokoholic" Walls

Tenchi Muyo! is a © of Pioneer and AIC .I’m not associated with either
organization , all the characters involved are property to them .This is
meant for fan enjoyment and not for profit or my own personal gain m’kay ?



The sun rises above the Masaki shrine…Lord Katsuhito is seen outside the
shrine office , looking at the horizon …Down at the Masaki household…Sasami
and Ryo-Ohki are inside of the kitchen , fixing breakfast .Outside , Little
Ryoko and Hana-Ohki are watching Tenchi sweep .

"You do this every day ?"she asks him…

"Yup , every day…" Tenchi replies .

Hana-Ohki , the blonde female cabbit , happily lets out a ,"Miyow !"

"Well ," Little Ryoko says ,"you seem to be doing a good job of it…"

"Why thank you Little Ryoko .I appreciate your compliment ," Tenchi replies
. "I don’t know how many people have actually given me one ."

Little Ryoko begins to blush .

"You’re so sweet , Tenchi !"

Little Ryoko floats up and kisses Tenchi on his forehead .At this moment
Ryoko walks outside .

"Morning Tenchi…What the…?!?!?!"

"Ahh !" Tenchi pleads with her ,"Ryoko , it’s not what you think !!!"

"Why you little !"

Ryoko rolls up her sleeve .

Tenchi attempts to cajole her , "Ryoko !Your sister didn’t mean any harm
!Really !"

Ryoko begins to growl at her little sister .Hana-Ohki miyows in fright .

"Sis calm down !"Little Ryoko exclaims ,"I was just playing with Tenchi …"

Ryoko glares at her sister ,"I’ll bet…"

All of a sudden Sasami’s voice comes out of no where, "Breakfast is ready
!Come inside and get it before it’s cold !"

Tenchi sighs ,"Saved by the bell…"

Ryoko glares at her sister one more time before phasing to the table …Tenchi
, Little Ryoko and Hana-Ohki join her .Ayeka sits at the table as well …

"Good morning Miss Ayeka ," Tenchi says cheerfully .

Ayeka blushes , "Good morning Lord Tenchi ."

Ryoko gets angry at this ,"Hey , how come I didn’t get any morning greetings
Tenchi ?"

"But Ryoko…ok , ok…Good morning Ryoko ."

"Good morning Tenchi !" she exclaims .

Ryoko grabs onto Tenchi and hugs him tightly .

Tenchi sighs , "Ryoko !"

Ryoko , confused at the comment asks ,"What’s the matter dear ?"

"Miss Ryoko !You are bothering Lord Tenchi !"Ayeka fumes

"And what are you going to do about it you spoiled little brat ?"

"Spoiled ?!"

The two glare at each other .Sasami walks in with Ryo-Ohki on her head .

Sasami asks Tenchi ,"They’re fighting again ?"

He nods .

Hana-Ohki looks at the situation puzzled and looks at Little Ryoko from her
perch on her head ,"Miyow ?"

Little Ryoko looks at her cabbit ,"It’s best not to get involved Hana-Ohki
…we’ll just stay out of it …"

Sasami scolds the other two ,"I don’t see how you two can fight on a lovely
day like this !Today Tenchi’s father is taking us for a hike in the
mountains !It’s going to be wonderful !"

All of a sudden , Washu’s voice is heard , yelling at the top of her lungs
,"AH HA I’ve done it !!!"

Washu walks into the room with a big smile on her face .

"I’ve finally managed to finish my newest invention !"

"Ooh , what is it Miss Washu ?"Sasami asks .

Washu explains to Sasami ,"It’s a compass , I made it especially for today’s
trip ."

Little Ryoko arches an eyebrow ,"Couldn’t you have bought one at a store ?"

"Not one that will allow me to have clear connections to my lab from miles
away ," Washu says while smiling . "If I just had a normal compass it
wouldn’t be any fun !"

"Well I hope you’re all hungry ," Sasami says ," because I made a big
breakfast !"

Sasami sits down .The group begins munching down as Noboyuki descends the
staircase .

Noboyuki yawns and exclaims ,"Good morning everyone !We’ve got quite a day
planned !"

After breakfast…the group loads up in a van…

"I borrowed this from work ," Noboyuki explains ," so try not to break
anything on it ."

CRACK!!! Noboyuki looks up and sees the cup holder in his hand .

"Uh ," Noboyuki says as a sweat drop appears on his head ,"We’ll just fix
this later…"

Ryoko sighs ,"Oh brother…"

The group loads into the car .Meanwhile in the city , Kiyone is struggling
to get Mihoshi up .

"C’mon !" Kiyone exclaims .

The detective with dark green hair sighs , it would take a miracle to wake
Mihoshi up now .Why did her partner have to sleep in on this day when they
were SUPPOSED to be heading up into the mountains for a hike with their
friends at the Masaki household…

"Huh…?"Mihoshi silently asks ."Kiyone ?What’s going on ?"

"Get up ," Kiyone yells at her ,"everyone’s going to be here in a few
minutes !!!"

"For what ?"

"The hiking trip , you idiot !"

"Oh my God !I must’ve over slept !"

Kiyone sighs ,"Well get dressed so we can be ready when they come ."

Mihoshi gets up quickly ,"Ok Kiyone !"

Mihoshi begins getting dressed and she remembers something .

"Kiyone ?"

"What Mihoshi ?"

"What’s for breakfast ?I’m starving !"

"Damn !I almost forgot about breakfast !"Kiyone puts her hand over her face
."How could I forget that ?I’m the responsible one !"

Kiyone goes to the kitchen and takes out a box of cereal .She places two
bowls and two spoons on the table .She sits down and pours herself some .She
goes to the refrigerator looking for milk .

"Mihoshi ," Kiyone asks ,"where’s the milk I just bought yesterday ?"

"The milk ?"

"Yes ," Kiyone says , beginning to grow impatient .

"I kinda drank it…"

"WHAT ?!How’d you drink a whole quart of milk in one night ?!"

"Well , I was really thirsty last night , and I decided to have some warm
milk…"

"MIHOSHI !!!!"

"Hee hee , sorry…"

Mihoshi walks into the kitchen in her casual attire ."So , " she asks ,"what
IS for breakfast ?"

Kiyone grumbles ,"Cereal…without MILK I might add…"

Mihoshi frowns ,"Kiyone ?Are you going to be angry at me all day ?"

Beep beep !

Kiyone looks at Mihoshi ,"C’mon , they’re here already ."

Mihoshi nods ,"Right…but I didn’t even get to eat …"

"Just take a few snacks with you or something…"

"Ok !"

The two Galaxy Police Detectives walk out of their apartment and to the door
.Mihoshi has an oversized backpack on .

Sasami asks ,"Mihoshi, what’s with the big bag ?"

"The bag ?"Mihoshi smiles ,"It’s full of stuff for breakfast and lunch and
dinner and snacks and…"

Kiyone shoves Mihoshi through the van’s door ."Explain it LATER Mihoshi !"

"Oof !"

Mihoshi falls into a seat in the van and Kiyone walks in .She shuts the door
.Later on the road …

"Hey ," Noboyuki asks ,"how about some music ?"

"That’s a good idea dad ," Tenchi says .

"Here Lord Tenchi , allow me ."

Ayeka turns the radio on and flips it to a station .Playing is very romantic
music .

"Yuck !" Ryoko exclaims ,"this is junk !!"

Ryoko flips the station to a hard rock one .

"You change my music for this this…garbage ?" Ayeka fumes ."Miss Ryoko , I
demand you change it back right now !"

"Oh yeah ?"Ryoko fumes back ."Why don’t you make me you silly Princess ?!"

Tenchi looks at them ,"Girls , c’mon we’re supposed to have fun today !"

Both of them glare back at him ,"You stay out of this !"

"Ayeka ," Sasami pleads with her sister ,"please calm down !"

"You too Ryoko !" Little Ryoko exclaims to her sister .

"Miya ?"Hana-Ohki cocks her head sideways .

"Miyow miyow !" Ryo-Ohki tells her .

Sparks from Ryoko and Ayeka’s eyes connect…

"Hey stop it !" Washu exclaims .

Mihoshi begins crying ,"You’re going to hurt someone !!!"

Ryoko smirks ,"Yeah , this stupid Princess …"

Ryoko forms a ball of energy in her hand and flings it Ayeka who quickly
puts up a force field .The two make contact and explode .The van explodes
and everyone inside are flung out of it…Later we see Noboyuki , Kiyone and
Mihoshi up in a tree .

"Huh ?" Noboyuki asks ,"How’d we get up here ?"

"Probably from that explosion Mr. Masaki ," Kiyone says while rubbing her
head .

"Kiyone ?"

"Yes Mihoshi ?"

"Where are we ?"

"Uhhh…" Noboyuki says ,

"That’s a good question Mihoshi …where ARE we anyway ?"

They look all around…Elsewhere we see Tenchi , Sasami , Washu and Little
Ryoko .

"This is just great ," Tenchi sighs ,"now we’re lost in the woods thanks to
those two…Sometimes I wonder why they can’t just get along ?"

"Don’t worry Tenchi !" Washu smiles ,"Remember , you have the greatest
scientific genius in the world on your side ."

"But how do we get home Miss Washu ?" Sasami asks .

"Well it’s simple .I just have to rig this compass so that it can contact
Lord Katsuhito and tell him where we are !"

Little Ryoko crosses her arms ."That sounds impossible Miss Washu …"

"Ha ha !Nothing is impossible for me Little Ryoko !"

Washu begins fiddling with the compass…In another part of the forest we see
the two cabbits .Hana-Ohki is crying .

"Miyow !Miyow !Miya !"

"Miyow , miya miyow !"Ryo-Ohki exclaims .

"Miyow ?"

"Miya !" Ryo-Ohki points to the right .

"Miyow miya !"

The two begin hopping in the direction Ryo-Ohki was pointing .Elsewhere we
see Ryoko and Ayeka .Glaring at each other .

"Well it seems that fate must be toying with us Ryoko…"Ayeka says ,"or else
we wouldn’t be stuck in this mess …"

"So whether we like it or not , "Ryoko says ,"we’re stuck with each other …"

Ayeka nods ," Precisely ."

"Damn…" Ryoko curses ."Well c’mon Ayeka , we’ve got to find Tenchi ."

"Right ."

Back at the Masaki home we see Katsuhito on the couch watching TV .

"Hmm ," Katsuhito thinks ,"I have a feeling something’s gone wrong…"

The phone rings and he answers it …

"Hello ?"

"Grandpa !It’s good to hear from you !"

"Tenchi , why are you calling ?"

"Well we’re kind of stuck out here in the woods …we were wondering if you
could come and get us ?"

"Very well , what should I look for ?"

"Washu says to look for a big bright light…I don’t know what she’s talking
about , but that’s what she said ."

"Alright , I’ll be there soon ."

Katsuhito hangs the phone up .

"TENCHI !!!!!" Ryoko yells .

"LORD TENCHI !!!!!" Ayeka yells as well .

"This isn’t getting us anywhere Princess …"

"I agree Ryoko , we’d be able to do this easier if you would kindly carry me
and fly over these trees ."

"What ?!No way !" Ryoko snaps ,"You can stay on the ground Princess ,
there’s no way I’m carrying you ."

"Miyow !"

"What was that ?" Ayeka asks .

"It’s Ryo-Ohki !"

Ryo-Ohki hops out from a bush with Hana-Ohki behind her .

"Miya !"

Ayeka ducks down and looks at the cabbit . "Ryo-Ohki , will you help us find
Lord Tenchi ?"

"Miyow !"

Ryo-Ohki begins sniffing the ground and hopping towards Tenchi’s scent…

"This will work Kiyone !" Mihoshi exclaims .

"No it won’t you air-head !" Kiyone snaps ."Mihoshi , your plan won’t work
at all !"

Tears form in the blonde detective’s eyes .Noboyuki begins to grow concerned
and asks ,"Kiyone…what is it about the plan that won’t work ?"

"Mr. Masaki , how do you expect us to roll on a log out of the forest , hmm
?"

"I’m sorry Kiyone…"

"Don’t be ," Kiyone sighs , "now c’mon !Let’s get a REAL plan…"

Noboyuki sits down on a log and begins thinking . "Hmm , this is a toughie…"

"Mr. Masaki !" Mihoshi screams ,"Get off that log !It looks very…"

The log suddenly begins rolling .Noboyuki screams and stands up .He runs and
runs , much like as if he was on a treadmill , rolling the log farther and
farther away .Kiyone and Mihoshi run after him .

"Huh ?" Little Ryoko shakes her head .

"What is it ?" Sasami asks .

"Sasami…it…it’s Hana-Ohki !She’s coming !"

"Are you sure ?"

"Yes !And it seems as though Ryo-Ohki is with her !"

"Wow !But what about our sisters ?"

"Hold on…Hana-Ohki …?"

"Miya !"

"Good I’ve got you !Hana-Ohki , are Ryoko and Ayeka with you ?Have you found
them ?"

"Miyow !Miya , miya miya miyow !"

"All right , I’ll see you soon !" Little Ryoko looks over at the others ,
"Hana-Ohki says that she , Ryo-Ohki , Ryoko and Ayeka are coming here…"

"Good ," Tenchi sighs . "Grandpa is going to be coming soon…Washu , is your
thing ready yet ?"

"Tenchi , it’s not a thing…" Washu explains . "It’s a beacon !And to answer
your question , it’s almost done !Now we just have to hope that Lord
Katsuhito sees it !"

"MR. MASAKI !!!SLOW DOWN !" Mihoshi yells . "I can’t keep up !"

"HELP ME !!!"

"Hold on Mr. Masaki !" Kiyone says pulling her blaster .She fires at the
trees ahead of him and forms a barricade as they fall in front of him
.Noboyuki hits the blockade and is flung off the log .

"There he goes Kiyone !"

"We better run after him and make sure he isn’t hurt…"

The officers begin following the flying Noboyuki as he descends far away…

"What was the stupidest thing I’ve done to try to get Lord Tenchi ?" Ayeka
asks . "Well there was the one time with my attempt at a love song …might I
add however it would have worked if Sasami hadn’t called for lunch…" Ayeka
looks over at Ryoko ,"And what about you ?"

"Well I’ve done tons of stupid things to try to get him…" Ryoko laughs
,"Like where I put on a cheer leader’s outfit to entice him…that didn’t go
over so well and I had to end up hitting Noboyuki because he was staring at
me ."

"Yes , he can be quite the pervert at times…"

"You know Ayeka ," Ryoko says , "I think this is the first time you and I
have just talked to each other…Normally we’re at each other’s throats…"

"Yes , "Ayeka agrees . "And of course that’s why we’re stuck here today .Our
normal dialogue consists of ‘Tenchi !’ ‘Don’t you love me more than her ?’
‘Why you !’ ‘Stay away from him !’ , things like that…"

"That’s so true Ayeka ."

The two smile a each other .

"Of course after this trip ," Ayeka says ,"We’ll probably be at each other
again ."

"Yeah , "Ryoko replies ,"but it was nice to talk on a more personal level
for once ."

"Miyow !" Ryo-Ohki exclaims . "Miya miyow miya !"

"What did she say ?"

"She said that Tenchi and the others are right beyond this clearing !"

"MIYA !" Hana-Ohki happily exclaims jumping ahead of the whole group .Kiyone
and Mihoshi have finally found where Noboyuki landed …

"Mihoshi come here !I found him !"

Mihoshi runs to the side of the road . "Oh , he looks hurt…"

"Yeah , I just hope that Katsuhito will arrive soon…"

"Well now ," Katsuhito says as he walks up the road’s side . "It seems I
found some of you already !"

"Ow ," Noboyuki says as he lifts himself up . "Dad !It’s good to see you !"

"Are you all right Noboyuki ?"

"Except for a pain in my back , I’m fine ."

"Well good , we have to find the others ."

"Hana-Ohki !"

"MIYA !"

The cabbit leaped into her owner’s arms and the two hug . "I thought you
were lost !I’m glad to see your safe !"

"Miyow !"

A similar scene is going on next to her with Ryo-Ohki and Sasami .

"Are you OK Ryo-Ohki ?"

"Miya ."

The cabbit nods . "Good , I missed you .But…Little Ryoko , you said Ayeka
and Ryoko were with them !"

Tenchi sighs ," Don’t worry Sasami , they’re right here…" He points down to
the two women hugging him .

"Tenchi I missed you !"

"Lord Tenchi it’s good to see you again !"

"It’s nice to see you two again too , you had us worried ."

"Tenchi missed me more !"

"That’s a lie and you know it Ryoko !"

"Girls !" Tenchi sighed . "There’s no need to fight…we’ll all be back home
soon enough …soon as Washu…AHH!"

Tenchi covers his eyes as a blinding light fires from Washu’s compass .Washu
looks at it through sunglasses . "Hmm ,not bright enough…"

Little Ryoko covers her eyes , "Not bright enough ?!"

"Heh , well I suppose it’s bright enough for Lord Katsuhito to see…"

Ryoko grumbles , "More like blind him…"

Time passes …the group stands there , covering their eyes (all except Washu
with her snazzy sunglasses) .Soon enough Katsuhito , Kiyone , Noboyuki and
Mihoshi arrive .Washu promptly shuts it off .

"So…" Katsuhito says , "it seems you’re all fine ."

"YAY !Everyone is safe !"

"Be quiet Mihoshi…"

"Ok Kiyone ," Mihoshi says sadly .

"Now we can all go home ," Noboyuki says , "I’m getting hungry…"

"Well I have more than enough food in this Mr. Masaki !"

"Hey I know !" Sasami says . "Let’s have a picnic out here !"

"Hey , great idea Sasami !" Noboyuki says .

"It’ll be fun !" Mihoshi agrees .

"Well then ," Katsuhito smiles , "we’ll just spend the night out here .And
go home in the morning !"

Later at night we see the group around a fire roasting marshmallows .Ryoko
looks over at Ayeka across from her .Ayeka looks back and the two slowly
inch toward Tenchi .Suddenly they bump into their little sisters , snuggling
up to Tenchi on each side .All three are asleep .

"Why you little …!" Ryoko growls at Little Ryoko .

"Sasami !" Ayeka growls at her sister .

"Zzzzzzzzz…"

"Looks like Mihoshi is joining the act…" Kiyone sighs .

"My little sister gets Tenchi and I don’t…" Ryoko and Ayeka mumble
simultaneously .They suddenly realize this and turn away from each other .

"Hey Ayeka…"

"Yes Ryoko ?"

"Here…"

Ryoko throws Ayeka a bottle of sake and takes a drink form her own . "It’ll
help…"

Ayeka sighs and takes a drink …

"This is great !We should do it again !" Noboyuki says .

"I agree Noboyuki !This is more fun than inventing something…well
actually…just as fun…well not as but…oh you get the point !" Washu replies .

"Heh ," Katsuhito thinks to himself while looking at Ryoko and Ayeka then to
Tenchi , Sasami and Little Ryoko , "Tenchi will definitely never hear the
end of this…"

We end as Kiyone , Katsuhito , Washu and Noboyuki begin singing a camp fire
song and Ryoko and Ayeka pass out from the sake ….

The End
