Disclaimer: I only own Jerry and Braden. The rest belong to AIC and Pioneer. The 
store hopefully isn't real. Atlantis and Colombia belong to NASA.
My financial situation is better but still please don't sue me.
 
Foreword : <> is what they are thinking, ()means they are doing something or 
something is happening,[] tells where and time. This is in the
second series even though Seiryu is in it and to tell you Braden and Ayeka are 
married. And Braden is a 27 year old person from Florida who moved
to Japan. He looks like Chandler from Friends (I don't own ) . A combination 
store is grocery and clothing, misc. Enjoy.
 
[ It is about 11:00 P.M. at Braden's house ]
 
( Braden is writing a letter to his parents )
 
Braden: < Things are great here but I won't forget April 5 because that was the 
day I was held hostage >
 
( Flashback )
 
[ It is April-5 and Braden is with everyone at a store in Tokyo ]
 
Braden: Wow, first time I've been here.
 
Tenchi: Oh really?
 
Braden: Yes.
 
Ayeka: This place is bigger than the stores back home.
 
Braden: Well when you live on an orange orchard until college, everything is 
big.
 
Ayeka: Oh really?
 
Braden: OK its getting old.
 
Everyone: ( Laughs )
 
[ An hour later ]
 
Braden: Remember Seiryu?
 
Everyone: Yes
 
Braden: ( Imitating Seiryu ) I believe I am worthy of the throne of Jurai 
because I'm insanely popular on Jurai.
 
Ayeka: That's about right.
 
Braden: ( normal ) Remember how I reacted when I saw him?
 
Ryoko: We all do.
 
( Another Flashback )
 
Braden: That's who you want Ayeka to marry? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OH MY GOD 
HOHOHAHAHAHAHA. WHO HAS NATURAL BORN PINK HAIR
HEHEHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA? Oh, as you were saying Asuza. 
 
( End that Flashback )
 
Ayeka: You were close to tears because you were laughing so hard.
 
Braden: It still makes me laugh.
 
[ On Jurai, Royal Palace }
 
( Asuza is sitting on his throne, what's new )
 
Asuza: I can't believe it, my daughter was supposed to marry someone from Jurai 
but instead she marries someone from this country "America",
they sound way to free. I think it's time to strike back. You, get the location 
of Braden Adrid. You, get every last army person there. You, get my
ship ready. And you, get me some coffee. < This is it Braden>.
 
( Back at the store )
 
Braden: This is going to cost a lot. Hey, I'll be right back, I have to go get 
my cell phone and call Jerry.
 
Tenchi: OK
 
[ Out above Earth ]
 
Asuza: Well this is it.
 
Army Guy: We've picked him up in a store in Tokyo.
 
Asuza: You can run but not hide HAHAHAHHAHAHA.
 
[ In the store parking lot ]
 
Braden: ( On the phone ) Thanks man.
 
( Some ships land behind the store )
 
Braden: ( Didn't notice ) Huh, what was that, oh well. ( Puts the phone in his 
pocket and heads towards the store.
 
( In the store )
 
P.A.: Would everyone report to aisle 7, that's aisle 7.
 
Tenchi: Well lets go there.
 
( Outside )
 
Braden: ( Walks up to the doors ) They won't open. Oh great, everyone's inside 
and locked in.
 
( At aisle 7 )
 
Tenchi: What's going on here?
 
Ryoko: I don't know.
 
( Suddenly an armed Jurian army guy appears and everyone runs back but are 
blocked by another )
 
Army Guy: All right, everyone this way, into the back.
 
( They are herded like cattle into the back of the store )
 
Ayeka: They're Jurian.
 
[ On the roof, Braden saw everything in a skylight ]
 
Braden: Oh my god, I have to do something. ( Looks at the skylight )
 
[ In the back of the store ]
 
Ayeka: I wonder what they want.
 
Asuza: Will a Sasami and Ayeka come up here now.
 
( Sasami and Ayeka walk up )
 
Asuza: Good, now will a Braden Adrid come up here.
 
Ayeka: Just wondering, but why Braden?
 
Asuza: Well he needs to be executed. 
 
Ayeka: HERE IN JAPAN, THAT'S MURDER.
 
Asuza: Well you have to marry someone who is "worthy".
 
Ayeka: Well he's fine for me, and I don't care what you think.
 
Asuza: Get a search of the store, NOW.
 
Infantry: Yes Sir.
 
( Braden is now at his car )
 
Braden: Now it's time to bring out the big guns.
 
( Pulls out his cell phone )
 
Braden: Hello Police, there's a hostage situation down here at One Stop. The one 
on 45th. Yes, I have a weapon, I can break in. Ok.
 
( Dials another number )
 
Braden: Hello, Jerry, Get your truck down here NOW. I'll explain later. This not 
a joke.
 
( Puts the phone in his pocket )
 
Braden: Ok this is it.
 
( He goes to his car, knocks at the side reveal a secret storage area )
 
Braden: Whoever you are, I WILL GET YOU.
 
( Pulls a gun out of the area )
 
[ 10 minutes later ]
 
Jerry: You want me to ram my truck through that? NO WAY.
 
Braden: There are hostages in there.
 
Jerry: But this is suicide.....
 
Braden: DO YOU HAVE ANY BETTER SUGGESTIONS?
 
( They then get in the truck )
 
Braden: Are you ready?
 
Jerry: Yes.
 
( The truck starts up )
 
Braden: Lets roll.
 
( The truck speeds toward the entrance )
 
Jerry: HOLD ON.
 
( The truck slams into the store and into a shelf that topples onto about six 
infantry members )
 
[ In the security room ]
 
Asuza: Who is that?
 
Ayeka: Your worst nightmare.
 
Asuza: BRADEN.
 
[ Back at the truck ]
 
Braden: I hope it doesn't catch fire.
 
Jerry: I can back it out.
 
Braden: Good.
 
( Jerry backs the half smashed truck out of the opening )
 
Jerry: There now lets kick some serious butt.
 
Braden: Sure, after this I promise I will pay for the damage.
 
Jerry: What if you die.
 
Braden: I'll leave it in my will.
 
Jerry: No time for jokes, we have people to save.
 
Braden: Right.
 
[ In the security room ]
 
Asuza: We'll be able to see his every move up here. Braden and his little friend 
don't stand a chance.
 
Ayeka: If I marry anyone more than Braden, who will it be?
 
Asuza: Seiryu and that is final.
 
Ayeka: I feel dishonored even knowing you. You monster.
 
Asuza: It is Jurian law you will ONLY marry Juraians, not go of with some measly 
orange farmer from Florida.
 
Ayeka: < Shut Up > 
 
Asuza: AND YOU WILL MARRY SERIYU, AM I CLEAR?
 
Ayeka: If that means as thick as fog, you're right on target.
 
Asuza: AYEKA.
 
Ayeka: Oh shut up. You lost your life when. < Braden said this makes them really 
mad >
 
Asuza: You will stop using that language around me, you hear.
 
Ayeka: You know, America has this Freedom of Speech thing, oh but you've never 
heard of it, hahahahaha.
 
Asuza: You know we don't want to execute every person on Jurai, besides, the 
planet would have to much red tape.
 
Ayeka: And my name is Orange.
 
Asuza: Will you stop that this instant.
 
Ayeka: That's cutting it a little close, no thanks.
 
Asuza: If you won't stop I will destroy this planet Earth and there won't be one 
survivor. BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Actually, I think I will.
 
Ayeka: Did mother help you?
 
Asuza: She will tell you when we get back to Jurai.
 
[ In aisle 3 ] 
 
Braden: Do you think we are sneaking any closer?
 
Jerry: I don't know, did you see where he took them.
 
Braden: No, he's to good at this game. I wonder if he has done this on another 
planet at sometime.
 
( Then an army officer appears in front of them )
 
Army guy: All right, drop your weapons.
 
( Jerry chucks a can of soup at him and knocks him out ) 
 
Jerry: HAHA.
 
Braden: You have a real weapon.
 
Jerry: But I've always wanted to do that, though it would have been this one 
store clerk in LA.
 
Braden: But I'm wondering how he... ( Looks at the camera ) OH GREAT HE'S 
WATCHING US.
 
Jerry: I worked here for a year, I know where the backup circuit board for 
security equipment is.
 
Braden: Well lets go.
 
[ In the security room ]
 
Asuza: Where are you two going ?
 
Army officer: We got communications to the store and police.
 
Asuza: Good, get me online to them.
 
( Pulls up a microphone )
 
Asuza: Hello Earthling people. You people get married the wrong way. But one man 
broke my planets scale. So I have to say this, I am going to
destroy your planet unless a certain man named Braden Adrid is killed, your 
planet has one hour. ( Puts down the mic ) 
 
[ Outside in the parking lot ]
 
Newsreportr: It seems a man desperate to kill, has pointed a nuclear missile 
right at our planet. We are now under evacuation circumstances.
 
Officer: We have one hour, that gives us time to think.
 
( A phone rings )
 
Officer: It's Braden, he's in the store.
 
Officer 2: Tell him to do something
 
[ Back in the store ]
 
Braden: You don't have a plan. You have one, but that endangers the rest of the 
city.
 
( Puts the phone away )
 
Jerry: What did they say?
 
Braden: Well we can kill me, kill him, or drop a 56 kiloton nuclear bomb on our 
heads. 
 
Jerry: Why don't you guess.
 
Braden: We have 30 minutes to decide, or at least kill Asuza, then, I have to be 
sworn in and stop that missile. In 29 minutes.
 
Jerry: That cuts it a little close.
 
Braden: I know. Now where's the circuit breaker for the cameras.
 
Jerry: You're leaning against it.
 
( Braden turns around and sees it )
 
Jerry: Now we need to get a baseball bat.
 
Braden: Why?
 
Jerry: The one you are on is the main one, you need to take two good swings at 
it, the backup is by the sports equipment.
 
Braden: And we are waiting for what?
 
Jerry: Nothing, come on.
 
( They walk on toward the sports equipment, encountering infantry along the way 
)
 
[ In the security room ]
 
Asuza: (Sees the guys at baseball equipment ) What are they doing.  
 
Ayeka: Who presses the button that destroys the planet?
 
Asuza: Me. But we will be safe in the ship, and you will marry Seiryu as soon as 
we get to Jurai.
 
Ayeka: I will not even if that means killing myself so there.
 
Asuza: Very well, you will be guarded until we get to Jurai. I have to say this, 
but you will have absolutely no privacy. We will be on the ship one
minute before the bomb goes off.
 
[ In sports equipment ]
 
Braden: This it?
 
Jerry: Yes, take three good whacks at it.
 
( He opens it and does as he is told )
 
Jerry: Now for the other one.
 
Braden: ( Looks at the newspapers ) Atlantis.
 
Jerry: Yeah, sunken city.
 
Braden: No the space shuttle Atlantis, it took off yesterday, it can divert the 
missile.
 
Jerry: That's an idea to consider, but seven innocent people will die.
 
Braden: That's an idea to consider.
 
[ At the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ]
 
Man: Hello. RAM THE SHUTTLE INTO THE MISSILE. NOT ONLY ARE YOU PLAYING WITH THE 
LIVES OF THE CREW, BUT THE ENTIRE ISS AND EVERY
SATTALITE IN SPACE. Yes Sir. Tom, get the shuttle crew ready, they're going to 
ram that missile.
 
[ In the store, 25:00 till bomb drop ]
 
[ They are at the main control circuit breaker, about to take the swing ]
 
Braden: 4, 3, 2, 1, give it a whack.
 
( Jerry does just that as Asuza watches )
 
[ In the security room ]
 
( Asuza watches as all the screens go blank )
 
Asuza: This is a hard catch, that will be made.
 
Ayeka: I'll be right back, I just need to ( Whispers something in Asuza's ear )
 
Asuza: Ok, but you will be escorted there.
 
Ayeka: Fine.
 
[ Ayeka and a guard are on aisle 2 ]
 
( Ayeka hands the guard a huge wad of cash )
 
Ayeka: Don't tell my father and that will be double, kill him, and that will be 
triple.
 
Guard: Anything you say.
 
( The guard turns around and Ayeka hits him on the head with a baseball bat )
 
Ayeka: Thanks for your more than generous contribution.
 
( Takes the money back )
 
[ At the door to the security room. 15:25 until bomb drop ]
 
Braden: You got a grenade?
 
Jerry: Just open the door you fool.
 
Braden: I want to make an entrance like in the movies.
 
Jerry: You're just going to joke around and let 6,000,000,000 people die?
 
Braden: No come on.
 
( They kick the door down )
 
Braden: All right freeze!
 
( All of the army guys pull out their guns )
 
Asuza: Drop your weapons.
 
( They both drop their weapons )
 
Asuza: Well, it's been a long time since I've seen you Braden. And who are you?
 
Jerry: Jerry you idiot, thanks to you billions of innocent people are going to 
die, and why, because you don't like the person your daughter
married. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU.
 
Asuza: There is nothing wrong with me. I am just doing what is right for my 
family.
 
Braden: Blowing up a planet because of one person is not fair. Billions of 
people don't even know you exist, and you are going to abruptly end
their lives because of me. You are the Osama Bin Laden of this universe, not 
even he could do that.
 
Asuza: I am not this Osama Bin Laden, it is your country who is exactly as you 
describe this Osama Bin Laden.
 
Braden and Jerry: NO ONE MAKES FUN OF AMERICA AND LIVES TO TELL ABOUT IT.
 
( Almost as soon as that, a hundred S.W.A.T. Team members storm the room )
 
SWAT guy 1: Throw down your guns.
 
Infantry: Under the command of Jurai, we will fight to the death.
 
( Ayeka appears with a hunting riffle )
 
Ayeka: You never expected this father, or should I say, IDIOT.
 
Asuza: YOU WILL STOP THIS INSANITY AT ONCE.
 
[ In the Oval Office, the President is giving a speech ]
 
Bush: It seems a mad man from the planet of Jurai has pointed a nuclear missile 
right at our Earth's core. He wants to take innocent lives because
a man married his daughter and not who he wanted. The brave crew of the space 
shuttle Atlantis, are going to try and detonate, or at least
divert the missile which will be crashing into us in 5:00 minutes. We are not 
sue of the missile's speed, but we don't think it will be going to fast.
Right now is a time to hope for the best, prepare for the worst. This man has 
something against all of Earth, and might as well have something
against his planet. But in the end, we will come though, and God Bless America, 
and the rest of the planet. Goodnight.
 
[ Back at the store, 2:00 until bomb drop ]
 
Braden: I can't believe it, my life ends in two minutes.
 
Asuza: Well you shouldn't have married Ayeka.
 
Jerry: In America, we have freedom. On Jurai, you have boredom and royalty. You 
are insane.
 
Asuza: Oh it's about time I got going.
 
( Two guards grab Ayeka and Sasami and they are teleported up )
 
Braden: That was our last chance.
 
Jerry: I hope it isn't painful.
 
Braden: Thirty seconds till launch.
 
Infantry: We will fight to the death.
 
Braden: 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, WE'RE DEAD.  
 
[ On Jurai ]
 
( Something blasts out of the ground and heads off )
 
Ayeka: What coordinates did you set it for.
 
Asuza: ( Hands her a piece of paper )
 
Ayeka: ALL RIGHT.
 
Asuza: What?
 
Ayeka: You set it for a dormant volcano, and where it will detonate is like and 
underground test.
 
Asuza; WHAT?
 
Ayeka: You are just setting off a bomb, not destroying a planet. You always get 
it wrong when it comes to small planets molten cores.
 
Asuza: This isn't good.
 
[ On a Siberian Tundra mountain, a missile is seen heading right into it, and 
two seconds later, it blows up. ]
 
[ Back in the store security room ]
 
( They are all waiting for the Earth to be destroyed )
 
Braden: It didn't go off?
 
Jerry: It probably didn't go down far enough, and they do like to boast.
 
[ Back Outside ]
 
News reporter: It seems the bomb didn't go down to the center of the Earth, nor 
was it that strong, and all the hostages have gotten out alive.
The missile blew up in a remote part of Siberia. Braden Adrid has come out 
unharmed.
 
Jurian Army Officer: Mr. Adrid.
 
Braden: Yes?
 
Jurian Army Officer: To become king of Jurai you have to take the oath of 
office.
 
Braden: Ok.
 
JAO: I, Braden Adrid...
 
Braden: I, Braden Adrid...
 
JAO: Do solemnly swear...
 
Braden: Do solemnly swear...
 
JAO: To protect the constitution of Jurai...
 
Braden: To protect the constitution of Jurai...
 
JAO: At all costs.
 
Braden: At all costs.
 
JAO: Congratulations, you are now the new King of Jurai.
 
Jerry: All right, they finally have someone who's worthy of the throne.
 
Braden: We need to get to Ayeka.
 
Jerry: Right, to Florida.
 
( They head to Florida )
 
[ On Asuza's ship ]
 
Asuza: We're going to fire another one. ( Speaks into the phone ) Hello. We're 
going to fire another and that is an order. What do you mean I
don't have that kind of authority?
I'm the King of Jurai. You will be beheaded when we get to Jurai.
 
Ayeka: What's the matter, lost your control over other people?
 
Asuza: No, I just employed idiots.
 
Ayeka: You mean you employed yourself?
 
Asuza: I WAS AN HEIR, NOW STOP THIS STUFF THIS INSTANT.
 
Ayeka: Make me you insolent freak.
 
Asuza: AYEKA, YOU WILL STOP THIS INSANITY AT ONCE.
 
Sasami: Why don't you make her you idiot.
 
Asuza: Sasami.
 
[ At the Jurian check point ]
 
Braden: The ship should be here any minute now.
 
Jerry: In the next ten minutes.
 
( Misaki and Funaho enter )
 
Braden: Hi there.
 
Misaki: We heard what was happening on the way here.
 
Jerry: Yeah, he owes me money. 
 
Braden: I said I would give you the money to repair the damage.
 
Jerry: I could use the money, my pockets are  hungry.
 
Braden: And I thought I was the only one making jokes.
 
( They both laugh )
 
Funaho: There's the ship.
 
[ On the ship ]
 
Ayeka: That's the space shuttle Colombia.
 
Asuza: I don't care, we have to pass on through.
 
[ Then the Police start chasing them ]
 
Asuza: Ok, I'll stop, but they're making a big mistake.
 
( An officer boards )
 
Asuza: What seems to be the trouble?
 
Officer: You're supposed to pass through the checkpoint.
 
Asuza: But I'm the King of Jurai.
 
Officer: No you're not, Asuza.
 
Asuza: Yes I am, what proof do I need?
 
Officer: Well someone else was sworn in, you're under arrest.
 
Asuza: You can't do that to me, I'm the King of Jurai.
 
( He is taken into the terminal )
 
Braden: Well, hello.
 
Asuza: Why weren't you killed?
 
Braden: The missile didn't go far enough, and then I was sworn in you murderer.
 
Asuza: You will die in pain.
 
Braden: Don't talk about yourself so harshly.
 
Misaki: I want a divorce.
 
Funaho: Me too. I feel dishonored even knowing you.
 
Asuza: But Ayeka's wedding to Seiryu is still on.
 
Braden: As King of Jurai I can stop the wedding in two seconds. Take him away 
boys, we've see enough of him.
 
Misaki: Where are we going to live now?
 
Braden: You can live in the palace, and I can buy you two a vacation home in 
Malibu, California.
 
Misaki: Thank You. ( Squeezes Braden nearly to death )
 
Braden: It's not a problem.
 
Jerry: Wow, what a night. Now I have something burning in my oven, no never 
mind.
 
Braden: Yeah, I need an oven like that.
 
[ Back in the present ]
 
Braden: < So after that I take huge precautions at stores because I never know 
when I, will be held hostage >
 
( Puts the letter in an envelope )
 
Braden: Now to write the same story to my brother. Five A.M. already?
 
Authors Notes: I couldn'ttake it. I had to write.
