***This Fanfic is written without the permission of both Pioneer and AIC but I'm not 
selling it so please do not sue me. Actually what you can do Pioneer and AIC is reopen 
sales of Tenchi in the UK (you know how much it costs to get the stuff from 
America!!!!!!!) PLEASE!!!! ***

No need for watching pt.6

"Ah Ryoko cut it out!" Tenchi gagged as she crawled all over him.
"What we're alone, the night is young" Ryoko grinned evilly "so why don't we take 
advantage of it?" 
"Well I don't think-"
"Oh come on Tenchi" Ryoko smiled seductively as she held him closer.

Doorbell.
 
"Ahh dammit!" shouted Ryoko "we always get interrupted like this," she grumbled.
Opening the door she saw Gary, Ayeka and Sassami. 
 
"We're back" smiled Gary lightly, looking like the walking dead.
"We had a lovely time," Ayeka said, looking up in the sky with love struck eyes. 
"And I wanna cook!" Sassami giggled playfully as she ran inside and ran into the arms of 
Ryo-ohki in girl form.
"Where did you put your uniform Gary?" Ayeka asked, "You know the one with the 
fancy breast-plate on it?"
"Well ha ha" Gary laughed nervously.
____
 
Meanwhile in Chelsea Barracks, London.

"Right you 'orrible shower!" screamed the Sergeant as he paced up and down the parade 
ground in front of the squad of soldiers "After I had 'nicely' asked who had nicked 
Captain Jones's Ceremonial uniform and mess dress, nobody came forward to admit who 
it was!"
 
They all gulped as they prepared for the worst.

"Good for you lot that mysteriously, Capt. Jones had found the two uniforms, polished, 
pressed and cleaned to perfection in his room yesterday" 
 
The squad sighed a collective sigh of relief. But the sergeant came in close.
 
"But if I find out who it was, then I will make their lives worse than hell!"

____

Gary had sat down to watch the Monday night derby on TV with Tenchi as the night 
drew in. Ayeka had gone upstairs to change from one traditional dress to another and 
Sassami was busy cooking Dinner with Ryo-ohki.

"Hold her down Ryoko dammit!" strained Washu as she directed the ray gun over 
Mihoshi's head.
"Lemme go!" wailed Mihoshi as she was pinned down.
"Why exactly are we doing this" Ryoko asked, a bit bemused "and what's that big ray 
gun?" 
"It can redefine the properties in Mihoshi's brain. It won't change her personality, just 
how smart or dumb she is" Washu smiled as her finger's danced across the keyboard.
"Look how long will this take, Tenchi'll be finished watching the match with Gary in 
about half an hour"
"Don't worry only about 1 more minute" 

Meanwhile back in the living room.
 
"Aha!" Tenchi shouted as he drunk some Sake "he's been brought down in the penalty 
area.
"Referee steps up" 
"Penalty!" they both shouted.
"If we miss this, the shot that will decide which team win's the Premier league…kill me" 
Gary murmured, eyes fixed on the wide screen TV.
"Same here" Tenchi nodded.

The striker put the ball on the spot within the penalty area, took a couple of steps back, 
stepped up to strike the ball…
 
Suddenly behind them the door to Washu's lab flung open and the Ray gun on wheels 
sped out, with Washu and Ryoko in hot pursuit.
 
"Stop it!" screamed Washu "it is set to fire in 2 seconds!!" as the Ray gun veered towards 
Tenchi and Gary as they watched the TV. 

Too late. The Ray gun fired a blast of hot, orange energy right at the TV, slicing it in half 
and therefore cutting off all chance of finding out whether they scored or not. The beam 
then bounced back of several angles, narrowly missing Ryoko and returning to the Ray 
gun.

"Erm" Ryoko said as she finally caught up with the Ray gun and turned it off "you two 
okay?"
 
The pair were silent, just looking at the TV that had just collapsed on itself, mouths 
gaping wide in dismay.

Ryoko looked in the mirror, then saw that the beam had gone right through the center of 
her hair base, a fine, though very visible line went from the top to the bottom of her gray 
hair.

Everyone turned to glare at Washu who was standing in the middle of it all, rubbing the 
back of her head and laughing nervously. Ryoko had murder in her eyes, mother or no 
mother while Tenchi and Gary just looked really, really annoyed.

"Hey!" came a shout from the kitchen "who cut my gas cooker in half!"
Washu sighed deeply "oh crap"

____


"So" Tenchi said as he sipped his tea "what are we gonna do now Washu's gotten rid of 
our TV and cooker?"
"Eat pot noodles until we can afford a new cooker?" Gary suggested, still recovering 
from what happened earlier.
"I can make food from a fire" Sassami suggested.
"We can't let Mihoshi do that!" Ryoko gasped "If we tell her to light a fire for dinner, 
she'll probably set the whole kitchen alight!"
"That's not true!" said Mihoshi; genuinely hurt "and you know it" 
"Stop it!" Ayeka shouted "If we bicker then nothing be solved now lets do this like 
peaceful beings" 
"Yeah like you've got any good ideas spoilt princess?" remarked Ryoko.
"What!" fumed Ayeka "you take that back!"
"Make me!"
"Hey calm down!" Tenchi said quietly.
Ayeka and Ryoko sat back down, glaring at each other still.
"I've got it!" Gary said, "Why don't we go on a holiday cruise!"
"But what about the Cooker and TV!" Washu said as she looked down at her bonds that 
tied her to one of the posts in the living room.
"I can get people in to sort that out while we're gone, anyway we need the time to relax"
"And we can afford such a thing?" 
"Yeah, I'll just declare it on expenses at the end of the month" smiled Gary sweetly "just 
taking a leaf out of Mihoshi's book".

____

The night was still young yet Gary had gone to bed, Ayeka went to 'accompany' Gary 
and make sure he was 'comfortable' and Ryoko snuck off somewhere to drink some 
Sake. Washu was still tied up on the post while Tenchi sat and read.

Sassami though was sitting outside next to the lake with Ryo-ohki in girl form. She was 
reading to her 'younger sister'.
 
"What do you think of my reading?" 
Ryo-ohki smiled and meowed her praise.
"Thanks Ryo-ohki" beamed Sassami as they hugged.
Meanwhile in Gary's room, Gary was curled up in his sleeping bad, smiling to himself in 
his slumber. Ayeka was lying next to him, stroking his hair. "He looked so sweet when 
he was asleep," she thought as she watched him "so sweet, mother would hug the life out 
of him!" 
She giggled at this quietly. The giggling woke Gary up who turned round slowly.
"You still awake" Gary said sleepily. 
"Yes" Ayeka said with a smile.
Gary hugged Ayeka gently, with a short soft kiss.
"What did you think of the Reception?" Gary asked.
"Typical Jurain event" she said with a sigh "full of old men and suitors"
"Oh well, you're back now" he smiled "nobody will follow you back here"
"Yes that's a reassuring thought," giggled Ayeka.

____
 
"Oh come on!" Washu pleaded, as Ryoko floated past in the morning "I didn't mean to 
slice your hair in half, please let be go!"
"Okay" sighed Ryoko as she checked her hair again "but you better not make any more 
trouble before we go away!"
"I promise" Washu said as she jumped down as Ryoko cut her bonds "now to make the 
ultimate cheese grater!" she cackled evilly as she ran into her lab.

The day was different than the usual, mainly because nobody had a proper breakfast 
(except Ryo-ohki who eat the whole carrot supply). Instead they set about packing for the 
holiday.

At the end of the day packing was still underway, especially in the female camp.
 
"Bloody hell!" Gary exclaimed as he saw the mountain of cases "you're gonna sink the 
ship with that amount of luggage!"
"Hey just because we like to dress and keep beautiful" Ryoko said, arms crossed.
"Yes" Ayeka added, "I need to have at least 20 separate Kimono's for the trip!"
"But how are we gonna carry all of that!" Nobiyuki said, acting as though he was 
confronting an evil creature.
"Easy one at a time silly!" Mihoshi giggled.

The men just sighed and started to load the MPV with the cases.

____

They were outside the ship and Ayeka and Ryoko were already arguing, Gary tripped and 
buried Tenchi in a pile of cases and Mihoshi had the hots for some young dockworker 
that was getting everyone aboard the ship. Washu had been buried in her holocomputer 
readings about her 'invention of the Millenium' as she called it.

"Wow isn't it big!" exclaimed Sassami as she walked aboard.
"So western" said Tenchi.
"Oh my god!" shrieked Gary as he dropped his bags "Sky sports wide screen TV at the 
bar" he said tearfully as he rubbed his head against the screen "Tikka come to papa!"
"I knew it" Ayeka muttered to herself.
"Guess your man cares more about a TV than you sis" grinned Ryoko.
"Why you" Ayeka seethed as she turned to face her foe. 
"Ladies calm down, we'll get fined if we cause any trouble," Nobiyuki hissed, as Ryoko 
and Ayeka were about to come to blows. He pointed over to the light blue security 
guards.
"So we can take them'" Ryoko smiled.
"Not unless you want to be thrown in prison for assault"
"Then I'd phase through the walls and leave California raisin head here to her fate," 
replied Ryoko cheerfully.
"What?" shouted Ayeka angrily.
"That's not the point dammit, just don't mess around here okay!" Nobiyuki said trying to 
stay calm.

____

After they were shown to their rooms, the ship left the port for its cruise around Japan. 
That night, Tenchi was alone in his Cabin freshening up when there was a knock at the 
door. He opened it to find Ryoko in her usual provocative attire holding a big bottle of 
Sake. 
"Hey Tenchi" Smiled Ryoko "how bout we spend the night together?" 
"No way!" Tenchi gulped "we'll get fined if we're found drinking home made sake in 
our cabins!"
"Yeah so?" 
"So I'm the person in charge of the cabin so I'll get the blame"
"Yeah like any of those security bozo's find out!" She walked in "go on try it" 

"Mr. Nobiyuki Misaki cabin 64-A" Nobiyuki grumbled to the Security guard as he wrote 
out a ticket for the drinking violation.
"Thank you sir, your 5000 yen fine will be delivered after the voyage" smiled the 
Security Guard as he handed Nobiyuki the ticket and walked out of the cabin. He glared 
at Tenchi.

"My wrong dad?" Tenchi laughed nervously. 
"This is coming out of your allowance," said Nobiyuki sternly.
"Oh I'm sorry Tenchi," said Ryoko with a really sad voice "I didn't mean to get you in 
trouble"
"Oh mother how am I going to pay this off!" fainted Tenchi as he fell on the bed.

_____

The next day was bright hot and sunny, perfect conditions for the perfect suntan. Ayeka 
was out exploring, wondering what the ship had to offer. She went onto to the main sun 
deck to the rear of the ship.
 
"Ayeka" came a shout from behind "yoo-hoo!"
Ayeka turned to see Mihoshi on a deck chair by one of the bars sipping from a drink. She 
wore one of those short skirts. She had her legs crossed and Ayeka could see a white 
flash of her underwear.
"Hello Mihoshi" Ayeka said, not wanting to point out in public her 'flaw' in her 
appearance "how are you" 
"I'm fine and I've had quite a weird morning. All these men who I've never seen in my 
life keep coming over to me and asking for my room number and name" she giggled "I 
feel so embarrassed"
"What do you expect?" Ayeka mumbled to herself. 
"Whatcha doing?" Mihoshi enquired, her blank stare back.
"I'm looking for Gary"
"Oh he's with a couple of University friends in the lower deck bar"
Ayeka blinked "oh" she said thinking for a moment "thanks" she smiled as she walked 
off.

"So Keith" Gary asked as he gulped down some more Guinness "What are you doing 
when you get back?" 
"I'm going on another holiday after this its well good!" Keith smiled "There was this 
bloke right, who offered me a flight to Thailand right?" 
"Yeah" Gary nodded.
"Anyway he said all I had to do was go there, talk to this bloke in Bangkok who'd give 
me this white power stuff then come back. Simple as that"
"Yeah" smiled Gary "is this bloke coming with you?" 
"Naw" shook Keith "he said he was scared of flying or something" 
"Wow that's cool," grinned Gary.
"There you are Gary" smiled Ayeka as she joined Gary and Keith "who's your friend?"
"Oh this is Keith" he smiled "Keith this is my Girlfriend Ayeka"
Ayeka blushed deeply at the ease that Gary had said the last sentence.
"Nice name" he nodded as he shook hands with her.
"Oh I went to the Holiday rep's meeting Gary" Ayeka said. 
"And the rep said"
"If you're British and you complain (which she added you will do at least once this 
voyage) there is a brick wall to talk to in a room next to the swimming pool room" 
"Does that include complaints about the non-alcoholic mini-bar?" Gary asked.
"Yes I think so" 
"Damn!" Gary cursed to himself.

_____

 "This place is really big Ryo-ohki," said Sassami as she lead Ryo-ohki along the 
shopping level "I wonder what they sell here?"
Most of the shops were duty free outlets selling cigarettes, beer and spirits. Others were 
expensive clothes shops dedicated to serving the 20-something western wannabes. Seeing 
that there wasn't much in the way of retail outlets catering for her or Ryo-ohki she 
elected to go change and go to the Sun deck to join Mihoshi.

"Wow Tenchi this is so luxurious" Ryoko smiled as she walked out onto the sun deck in 
a very revealing two piece bikini. To get Ryoko to even wear anything at all for 
sunbathing was a struggle; she even tried to get him out of the cabin naked for a moment!
"Yeah, you gonna grab a couple of sun beds while I get some drinks" 

Ryoko nodded happily and looked around, she waved over to Mihoshi, who had changed 
into her swimming suit and was tanning herself.
"Ryoko I saved some beds for you lot" smiled Mihoshi as she put away her love comic.
"Thanks" Ryoko nodded as she laid herself down on one of the beds, stretching herself 
out and attracting just as many looks from the men as Mihoshi did earlier. But when she 
saw a couple come near, she growled in annoyance. The men, seeing this show of force 
chose to back off rather than face the consequences.

"Oh hi Mihoshi" said Tenchi as he sat down next to Ryoko bringing over some drinks.
"Hey Tenchi" Mihoshi smiled, her eyes glued to a love comic.
Sassami came running up with Ryo-Ohki "hi everybody" she chimed as Ryo-Ohki 
climbed up onto one of the sun beds next to Mihoshi.
"Hey Sassami, hi Ryo-ohki" smiled Mihoshi.
"Wow those new Love comics?" Sassami asked with wide eyes.
"Sure are" nodded Mihoshi cheerfully "want to read some?"
"I really would thank you" 
"Where's Gary and Ayeka" Ryoko asked Tenchi as she sipped her drink.

____

Speaking of Ayeka and Gary, they were still in the bar with Gary's 'friend' Keith.
 
"Anyway right our house in the University is called Lion heart house. We call it Lion fart 
house!" He sniggered as he drank some more beer.

Gary had just woken himself up while Ayeka was getting nauseous from the very strong 
pong of alcohol on Keith's breath.

Gary coughed then looked at his watch "my look at the time!" he turned to Ayeka 
"maybe we should go back to our cabin and leave Keith here on his own" he said 
winking slightly. 
"Oh" smiled Ayeka, catching on "yes lets, bye Keith"
"Yeah and there was this time when we covered the Dean's face in glue, black paint and 
feathers!" Keith rambled on as Gary and Ayeka snuck away.

"How do you find these people Gary" Ayeka muttered as they walked out of the bar.
"I don't know, I just snuck in for a quick pint and he thought I was a more handsome 
version of Vinnie Jones" Gary shrugged "go figure"
"You always are a magnet for the strange ones" Ayeka said under her breath.
"I heard that" Gary smiled as they got to their cabin.

The night brought out the smart dress dinner brigade. With Ryoko and Ayeka as usual 
trying to out do the other in terms of dress. Ryoko with her hair done back into a ponytail 
and dressed in a refined yet stylish and provocative Oriental dress and Ayeka going full 
out with one of her expertly crafted dinner Kimonos rarely used for all but the most 
important of occasions. God knows why this small dinner on the second night of their 
holiday should be so important to her but she wore it nonetheless.

They both came into the grand hall, which adjoined the dining chamber and immediately 
stared at each other in disbelief.
 
"Damn" thought Ryoko "she's gone for the biggie how can I match that!"
"Blast!" thought Ayeka "she's gone full out how can I compete with that!"
"Just grin and bear it," they both thought to themselves.

"Good evening Ryoko, I trust you went through a lot of trouble to look like that," said 
Ayeka said, trying to disguise the tone of jealousy in her voice.
"Speak for yourself, you must've spent hours working that up" Ryoko replied grudgingly.

"Dammit I hate these suits!" cursed Gary as Sassami, also in her ceremonial Kimono (on 
Ayeka's orders of course) made some adjustments to the waist.
"Oh just hold still Gary" Sassami said as she threaded the belt through the trousers.
"I feel for ya buddy" grinned Tenchi "ouch!" he jumped at the sudden prick of pain 
"Mihoshi did you remember to take the pins out of my shirt?"
"Oh yeah I knew I forgot something" Mihoshi said blankly. She was dressed like she was 
on her way to the prom. A nice white dress fit for a fairytale princess (well one with a 
brain the size of a sardine's).
Gary looked at his watch "Ayeka, Ryoko and Nobiyuki will be waiting for us"
"Done Gary" smiled Sassami as she got up and checked Ryo-ohki over for a second.

By the time they got to the Grand hall, all hell was about to break loose.

"Well at least I didn't turn up looking like some cheap Miss Saigon imitation!" Ayeka 
said coldly.
"What!" Ryoko shouted, incensed
"You heard!" spat Ayeka.
"That's enough!" Washu said, agitated to say the least "Ryoko you calm down" 
"Washu you stay out of this" 
"Now that is no way to talk to your mother" smiled Washu. This naturally turned a 
couple of heads as this statement had just come out of a 12-year-old girl.
"Oooo you!" Ryoko seethed.
"Oh god the last thing we need is this!" Gary said with a sigh.
"They're so uncontrollable sometimes," agreed Tenchi.
"Hey guys common maybe you shouldn't fight here," Mihoshi pleaded as she waded in.
"You keep out of this!" Ayeka glared at Mihoshi.

Later.
"Mr. Nobiyuki Misaki, cabin 64-A" said Nobiyuki to the security guard as he wrote out a 
ticket for the damage done to the grand hall after Ayeka and Ryoko brawled, Gary and 
Tenchi along with Mihoshi also getting in trouble trying to break it up.
 
"Thank you sir" Smiled the security guard "your 20000 Yen bill will arrive when you get 
back home"
Nobiyuki glared at the Ayeka and Ryoko, dresses torn after their fight. They both blushed 
in guilty embarrassment.
"You better work extra hard around the house to help pay this off!" he said sternly before 
walking off in a huff.

____

After the incident, the group dined, although all possibility of sitting at the captain's table 
had been thrown out of the window when Ryoko threw a steel couch at Ayeka.

Dinner at the table was surprisingly tense. Ryoko and Ayeka staring each other out as 
they sat. Around them was a no mans land of empty tables and seats as to be honest who 
would want to sit anywhere near the two women who made world war two look like a 
simple playground fight!

Next to Ryoko was Mihoshi, her dress ripped a bit as she tried to restrain Ayeka rather 
unsuccessfully. She was chatting away happily to Tenchi like the whole thing didn't 
happen at all. 
 
Gary, who had a ruined suit thanks to Ryoko, was eating happily, talking to Sassami and 
Ryo-Ohki who was happily oblivious to the rude stares they were getting from the rest of 
the guests.

Washu sat next to Tenchi and was also talking with Gary with Sassami and Ryo-Ohki, 
occasionally glancing the odd worrying look at Ryoko and Ayeka.
"Ryoko" Tenchi said clicking his fingers to attract her attention "can't you just enjoy 
yourself?"
"I would if somebody in particular would apologize" Ryoko said looking right at Ayeka.
"For what? You're ugl-" Ayeka began to spit back but her mouth was covered by Gary.
"Princess don't make a scene and add and extra hundred thousand yen to Nobiyuki's bill" 
Gary said quietly. After dinner the group all decided to go to the bar. Ryoko elected to 
order the drinks as everyone sat down. Still a bit wound up by Ayeka she leaned on the 
bar waiting for service. Then she saw the bottles of Tequila stacked along the bar. A wide 
grin formed on her lips as she turned round and shouted to Ayeka.

"Hey come over here for a second I wanna talk to ya for a second" 

____

"A drinking contest" Ayeka blinked "Well I don't know" she was hesitant to say the 
least.
"Oh common Ayeka, you know how badly you want to beat me" smiled Ryoko "even 
though you haven't got a hope in hell of doing that of course"
"Oh yeah" Ayeka said, whipped up by the challenge. 
"Yeah"
"Okay then I'll join your silly little contest," said Ayeka as though she didn't really care.

They both sat down, shot glasses all over the table with a bottle of Sake in each hand as 
they stared each other out again. Then they filled each glass with the golden liquid.

They waited for a moment.

Then they began! Swallowing each glass as fast as they could, each trying to out drink 
the other. Ayeka clearly the amateur at this made it up with the pure will to win.

"Wow look at Ryoko go!" giggled Sassami, Ryo-Ohki clapping her hands.
"I didn't know Ayeka knew how drink like that" blinked Gary.
"She doesn't" said Tenchi just staring at how fast the pair were drinking.

Ryoko and Ayeka kept up the speed, neither wanting to give in as they stopped and 
drunkenly went to fill up the second row of glasses. Tequila went everywhere as they 
both missed the target by miles.

The drinking off the second row kicked off at a much slower pace as they both started to 
succumb to the effects of the alcohol. Ryoko not showing the effects of drunkenness as 
much as Ayeka, as she was swaying all over the place.

"Wow" smiled Mihoshi "how do they keep it up"
"Sheer competitiveness?" Washu offered. 
 
By the time of the third row of glasses (which Gary and Tenchi had to fill for the girls) 
the flow of drinking and dried up to just matching the others drinking. Ryoko would 
drink one and slam the glass down on the table with a drunk 'beat that' stare on her face. 
Ayeka would hiccup, nod shakily and slowly drink one of her own then drink another 
with an even drunker stare on her face.

By this time everyone was staring at the pair, amazed that the Princess had even lasted 
this long. Then as everyone expected, Ryoko's iron liver started to win the day as Ayeka 
struggled to match Ryoko glass for glass.

But was she? Ryoko was slowing down herself; her incredible liver might not be able to 
hold any more. And just as Ayeka got drowsy, Ryoko started to give way as well, both 
girls pushing each other to their limits. 

Then just as they both slowly lifted their glasses on the fourth and final row Ayeka closed 
her eyes and finally succumbed to sleep.
 
"Ryoko wins" Sassami smiled looking at Ayeka then looking at Ryoko. Ryoko was also 
slumped over the table, snoring happily.
"I guess it's a draw" shrugged Tenchi.
"Oh well" smiled Gary picked the slumbering Princess "I'm going to take Ayeka Sassami 
and Ryo-Ohki to bed" 
"Okay see you in the morning" smiled Mihoshi as she looked at Ryoko.
"She was always a stubborn one" Washu giggled to herself "Why they didn't call it quits 
by the third row I don't know"

_____

"Cabin sweet Cabin" smiled Gary as Sassami opened the door for him. He took the two 
main layers of the Kimono off Ayeka carefully and tucked Ayeka in softly.
 
"When will Ayeka wake up?" asked Sassami as she looked down at her sister.
"I have no idea but I know that its not gonna be anytime soon" laughed Gary "want me to 
read you a bedtime story?" 
"Yay!" Sassami smiled as she hugged Gary. Ryo-ohki meow happily as she poofed back 
into Cabbit form. Sassami then looked at her elaborate Kimono, then back at Gary. She 
coughed.
"Oh yeah, I'll just go to my room and get my book" he smiled and slipped out of the 
Cabin.
"I really take this big brother thing a little too seriously," he thought to himself as he 
walked over to his cabin.

"There you go Ryoko" Tenchi said as he laid her down on the bed in her room.
"Oh Tenchi" she murmured in her sleep.
Tenchi shivered at the thought "she really thinks of me 24/7?" he said to himself as he 
slipped outside "now that is very unnerving!"

And so the moon rose over the ship as it sailed its course round Japan. Mihoshi joined 
Gary, Sassami and Ryo-Ohki as they all snuggled together to read a story. Washu sat in 
her room, working as usual. Tenchi slept a nice sleep in his room, as did Ayeka and 
Ryoko after their inconclusive drinking contest. Rest assured that they would get some 
nasty surprises in the morning.

_____
Ryoko was awoken by a shudder to the ship. Sitting up she saw that the ship was veering 
erratically to the left and right.  
 
"Hmm I wonder what's the problem?" she thought as she flew through the ceiling up the 
Bridge.

She blinked when she saw the situation. Sheer pandemonium. People were running 
around everywhere, grown men were crying and the captain had a life jacket on 
screaming "we're all gonna die run!"
"Hmm something bad huh?"  She said as she vanished back to her room. The chaos 
stopped.
"She gone?" the Captain said.
"Yep"
"Good" the Captain said evilly "okay aim for that island"
"Aye aye captain" said the whole of the Bridge happily.

"Hey guys" Ryoko said as she appeared on the deck. Tenchi, Gary, Washu and Mihoshi 
was already up, Ayeka was still knocking out Zs.
"Hi Ryoko" smiled Tenchi.
"Something bad's happening" Ryoko said, slightly worried.
She was interrupted as the ship shuddered heavily as it hit something.
"Tenchi!" Sassami shouted as she ran up to him "we've run out of water, we've run 
aground!"
"Nonsense" laughed Gary "see I'll show you" he turned "Mihoshi" 
"yeah Gary?" 
"Jump overboard" 
"okay"
Mihoshi took a run up, jumped overboard. A couple of seconds of silence then a muffled 
crump as she hit the dry, sandy ground.
"Wow" shouted Mihoshi from below "comes on in the sands fine!"
"Oh my god!" shrieked Gary, "we're doomed" he ran around, arms in the air "abandon 
ship, cowardly men and children first!"
"Aggg!" cried Tenchi "what are we gonna do!"
"Hold it!" said Washu firmly 
"I'm the captain of this Shipwreck!" 
Gary stopped and looked at Washu who was dressed up in an overstated sailor uniform.

Ayeka woke up lazily then groaned as she rubbed her head.
"Damn headache" she muttered as she got up and looked out of the porthole.
"Wow nice beach we're sailing on" she smiled "beach!" she blinked.
"Gary!" she shouted as she got dressed and ran out of the Cabin.

_____

"Now if we just get our stuff off the ship, get some food and water for a couple of days 
and get on the island, I can work out a gate to get us back home" Washu explained.
"And what do we do until then!" Gary said grabbing his head "no TV, no Guinness and 
no air conditioning!" a flowerpot with a mini Union Jack flag sticking out of it fell on his 
head.
"Shut up Gary!" snapped Washu.
"Okay" Gary said quietly.
"So you can get us out of here" Ryoko said.
"Oh of course I can oh sweet daughter of mine" smiled Washu as Ryoko winced at the 
daughter bit "I am of course the smartest genius in the Universe".
"Gary!" Ayeka said as she burst onto the deck "the ship, sand…beach…I'm confused!"
"And looking like 'the thing'" sniggered Ryoko.
"Calm down Ayeka" Gary said rubbing Ayeka's arm "Washu's got the situation in hand, 
we're just moving to this desert island for a day or two before we go back home, fancy 
that?" he smiled.
"Oh" said Ayeka, face blank for a second.
"You better have a shower Princess, you've got a hangover" he smiled.
"Yes of course" said Ayeka, looking as though she's just made a fuss over nothing. She 
started to walk back into the ship. 
"Common Sassami" smiled Gary "we need to get our stuff ready"

_____

"Washu did you even talk to the captain or anyone who actually worked for the ship?" 
Ryoko asked. 
"No why?" Washu said as she carried a case inland on the island with the rest.
"The ship is sailing away"
"What!" Washu acked! As she threw her head round. She saw the ship sailing over the 
horizon, ticker tape and confetti being thrown everywhere by the rest of the passengers as 
they sailed off for their holiday.

Ayeka had showered before they got off the ship. She still had a slight headache though 
as the hangover was still there. Ayeka and Gary were told to walk up to a small clearing 
that was some way into the island. Ayeka walked ahead majestically while Gary trudged 
behind, loaded over with cases.

"Ayeka" Gary said as he carried her cases, dragging a bag along with him.
"Yes Gary" Ayeka said sweetly as she walked along. 
"I was thinking about something," he said as he walked along.
"What was that?"
"Well I was thinking about our 'incident'" 
"Oh" Ayeka said quietly.
"You were very good" Gary laughed nervously.
"Thank you Captain" giggled Ayeka.
"You're welcome Princess" 
"I was thinking maybe we could do a kind of sparring session thingy" Gary said very 
nervously smiling.
Ayeka paused at this. After a moment she said,  
"I'll think about it" She stopped "This was the place Washu told us to put our cases I 
think"
"Yeah who'd think we'd spend the rest of the holiday on a desert island eh?" Gary said as 
he put the rest of the cases down on the ground. Sassami suddenly ran into the clearing 
behind the pair.

"Come on Tenchi!" laughed Sassami as she skipped along, Ryo-Ohki ran behind Sassami 
Tenchi followed, he too was covered in cases and gripped a bag with his teeth.
"He's so kind" blushed Mihoshi as she walked behind him.
 
As soon as he reached the clearing he dropped all his bags then dropped onto the floor 
himself, gasping for air.
"I hif, hif took" gasped Tenchi "too many cases"
"Oh Tenchi" smiled Ayeka as she sat down on one of the cases. Gary helped Tenchi.
"Don't worry m8 you've got 2 days to relax on the beach, how that sound huh?"
"Sounds good" smiled Tenchi, recovering instantly at the relaxing part.

Washu then ran into the clearing. 
"The ships left!" she cried "they tricked us off the ship!"
"What!" Tenchi said "But Father's still on there"

Meanwhile.

Nobiyuki was lounging in a Jacuzzi. There he relaxed, holding a ceramic bowl filled with 
sake.
"I wonder where everyone else went," he thought to himself as the ship sailed on into the 
sunset.

______

"Are you sure its legal to dump unruly passengers on desert islands?" Tenchi asked Gary. 
"Last time I heard…yes" Gary replied, uncertain to say the least.
"And how long ago was that" Tenchi questioned further. 
"I don't know" Gary said slowly as he rolled his eyes back.

"Damn that Nobiyuki" Ryoko said, crushing a thick branch with her hand "Next time I 
see him!" 
"Next time you see him you'll say 'hello, how are you doing?'" Washu interrupted.
"Pipe down mother" Ryoko said sarcastically.

Ayeka just sat down next to Sassami who was playing slapsies with Ryo-Ohki; she was 
still tired and a bit sick from the hangover. Mihoshi just stood there, dumbfounded, still 
trying to figure out what was going on.

"I guess we better sort out sleeping and dinner" Tenchi shrugged.
"This could be a big slumber party!" giggled Mihoshi. 
"Or a parasite's paradise" Gary muttered as he clapped his hands catching a mosquito.

After a while a campfire was erected, Sassami got down to cooking a nice Curry for 
everyone each and Ryoko sat on the beach, catching what rays of the sun that were left. 
Sure enough Ryoko dragged Tenchi along with her. Ayeka laid down on a special bed 
using Gary's sleeping bag and loads of pillows and started to sleep off her Hangover 
again.

Gary sat around with Washu and talked about times past while Mihoshi played with Ryo-
Ohki. Soon enough dinner was ready and everyone milled back to the clearing and eat a 
hearty meal. 

_______

After dinner Gary put Ayeka to bed again with Sassami and Ryo-Ohki and went for a 
walk, he saw the crystal clear inland sea as he went down to the beach and sat down, 
looking over the moonlit waters.

"Nice turn for a holiday" he thought to himself as he laid down and looked over the sky. 
He thought of what he used to do, and how it had affected him. 
"What it has done to my mind" he though painfully "I will never know".
He closed his eyes for a second and let the cool summer breeze wash over his closed 
eyelids.

Opening them showed Washu in adult form, she was standing over him.
 
"Lonely?" she asked with a smile.
"Not anymore" he nodded as he sat up.

"Tell me Gary" Washu said rocking back and forth slowly "Why are you watching us?"
"Who me personally?" 
"No you numbskull!" giggled Washu "Operation Watchman"
"Watchman was formed as a top secret organization, nobody outside of the permanent 
members of the UN Security Council know it even exists."
"I knew that but why was it formed" Washu interrupted.
"There are loads of conspiracy theories, Bildeburg, CIA running things in the US, Mafia 
running things in Russia and China" he smiled "if they knew what I knew, they'd be 
dead"
"What do you know?"
"The UN Security Council IS the government!" he said looking at Washu "How do you 
think the non-interference agreement with all major galaxy alliances was signed? We 
personally asked for it!"
"No way" Washu smiled.
"Yeah" Gary nodded "So now that we were effectively sidelined from joining any proper 
alliance, we decided to use our newly found dimension technology to form Watchman. 
Idea was to monitor events, keep the world government informed and if need be act on 
the information"
"That explains the destruction of the Thanthos arena games"
Gary nodded.
"Well that's new to me" Washu said looking down at the sand.
"Didn't Lady Funaho tell you?"
"No I just assumed that they took the decision themselves"
Gary looked back out to sea again.
"I know you know what's going to happen in the future" Washu grinned.
"Yep so I do"
"Why won't you tell Ayeka and Sassami?" 
"Too scared on what might happen" 
"What?" Washu said skeptically "how so?" 
"We're very close" Gary sighed "and I don't want to upset Sassami so soon, she likes me 
so much we get on like she's my little sister or something"
"You have to though," Washu said, looking out to sea with Gary.
 "I know I know, I'm young, you're 19,982 years my senior" Gary smiled
"It's the future you can't change it" Said Washu with tint of seriousness.
"That's debatable" Gary muttered. 
"What you mean?" 
"Yep I want to stay with her" Gary nodded.
Silence.
"Well that's hit me hard" giggled Washu.

_____

The corridors of HQ were packed. People scurried everywhere with reports, mission 
statements and debriefing notes. Something big had happened. McCann strode through 
this with his G2, Captain Weserdau. 
 
"Latest reports Captain?" McCann 
"He's not going through with it" shook Weserdau.
"What is he doing?" McCann thought to himself as they strode into the massive control 
room, over a thousand specialists manned the machines, monitoring all the operational 
Watchmen all over the Dimensional spectrum.
"Get me an uplink on no 53's status ASAP" McCann said as he sat down to look at the 
big screen. 
 
Soon enough a stat screen flicked up, showing the last 24 hrs events of Gary. McCann 
took out a small notepad and took down a couple of notes before walking quickly into his 
private office.

Sitting down he tapped a couple of keys on his LCD pad and a holographic display came 
up.
 
"Is Lady Funaho available?" McCann said into his intercom.
"No sir the Lady is away on business"
"Damn" he thought to himself "she knows"
He tapped on the intercom again "Get in touch with no.53 as soon as he steps foot back in 
the Misaki house and tell him to get in touch with me ASAP"
"Yes Commander" came the reply.

_____

The clearing was a circle of clear white sand; nothing was in clearing apart from two 
people. One, covered in black the other covered in the traditional Jurain battle dress and 
war paint.

This though was totally different to the previous encounter. Whereas they were both 
fighting against each other for their lives, this time this was for fun, to see how far each 
other's abilities went. 

They faced each other out, both faces had all emotion drained. Gary bowed his head in 
respect while Ayeka bowed forward. A small wind whispered past in the middle making 
a small miniature tornado of sand and dirt. A sign to start? Maybe. They continued to 
stare, and then circle round the ring, still staring. They got closer ever so slowly.

Then Gary made his move, jumping to the side then right at his opponent his swung his 
foot round, aiming a kick at Ayeka's side. Ayeka dodged and swept at Gary's free foot, 
sending him crashing to the ground. Gary flipped back up, avoiding a downward kick by 
Ayeka and turning to face her once again.

Ayeka wasted no time; she forward with a barrage of shield assisted punches, sweeps and 
kicks. Gary worked hard to block. Hands a blur as he called up a shield to help block 
each blow then tried to get some shots of his own in, putting Ayeka onto the defensive as 
he delivered his own barrage.

This was when Gary made his mistake; getting a little bit ahead of himself he placed a 
halfhearted kick to Ayeka's gut. Ayeka successfully predicted the move and grabbed the 
leg and pulled Gary right up against her, his gut slamming into her waiting fist. Gary 
gagged then fell to the floor as the wind was punched out of him. Ayeka looked down, a 
small smile forming on her face as she backed off.

Gary got up, took a deep breath and went right back in aiming a punch right at her throat. 
Ayeka again blocked by grabbing onto his arm, his fist only inches away from her 
delicate throat. She smiled again. Gary had a bigger smile as he extended his fingers, 
cutting into her throat and forcing the windpipe shut for a moment. Gary had the window 
of a second to sweep Ayeka's feet from under her. Grabbing her, he swung round and 
slammed her into the ground behind him.

Ayeka looked up into the sky for a moment, eyes wide with the sharp sudden sensation of 
pain. Gary smiled softly as he turned to walk back to his starting position. He hadn't got 
about a meter when he heard a rush of wind and knew that he had exactly half a second to 
call up shield to stop Ayeka shattering his back. 

Ayeka slammed into his back in her trademark shield assisted body spear, driving Gary 
right to the end of the clearing and right through a palm tree. Gary gasped through 
concussion as Ayeka sat on him ready to rain down blows onto his head. Grabbing her 
shoulders he pulled her off him. Gary got up to see Ayeka leap at him again foot 
outstretched for a flying kick. The kick hit him squarely on the jaw, sending him 
sprawling to the ground several meters away. Ayeka placed a foot on his neck and smiled 
"Second round?" she said, out of breath.

Gary nodded and got up, returning to their original positions.

Gary and Ayeka split and backed off for the second round. Gary taking the time to 
recover from the concussion suffered from the body spear. Ayeka just watched intently. 
They were on each side of the clearing again, bits of wood from the tree broken in the last 
round littered the sandy area.

Then as Gary clicked his neck the second round began. Ayeka pressing her advantage in 
speed moved right in, sweeping round in a lazy right arc to get in close. Gary stood right 
where he was as she zoomed right in. The yellow tint showing from her force field as she 
sped towards him. 

Gary closed his eyes as he put his right arm up and the two collided. Their shield's 
smacking together with colossal force, knocking them both away several meters. 

Ayeka was the first to get up but saw that Gary had gone, looking around quickly to see 
where he could've gone; all she saw was the empty clearing. A rush of air behind her 
however dictated that something was afoot and sure enough as she turned round the sole 
of Gary's boot heading right for her chest greeted her. 

The impact sent her flying back to the ground as Gary landed on the ground, the 
dimension portal above him closing. He waited as she got back up, dusting herself off. 
She smiled at him with a kind of 'cheat' look on her face. Gary shrugged.

Gary then went through another portal right in front of him. Ayeka thought quickly, 
looked to her left where the air was shimmering then jumped up over the shimmering 
circle now forming.

Sure enough our came Gary with a heavy right hand. Hitting air. He looked around and 
got kicked hard in the back of the head as Ayeka jumped over him. Surprised among 
most things Gary fell on his face. Ayeka landed gracefully turned around and giggled 
quietly as she saw Gary, face buried in the sand.

Gary got up and rubbed the back of his head, he smiled, as he turned round to face Ayeka 
again. They stared again for a couple of moments. 

Ayeka flew right at him streamlined into a body spear again, hoping the small distance 
between the two would give Gary little to time to do anything. Gary stood, knowing what 
Ayeka was thinking. Side stepping and in true matador form, he pushed her straight 
along. Ayeka realizing in horror that her velocity had increased so much that she couldn't 
stop herself from smashing into the dense forest threw up a force field. She bounced right 
off the trees, right back into the waiting arms of Gary who bent back, smashing her right 
into the ground behind him.

Gary jumped back as Ayeka laid there in a crumpled heap. He put his hand out.

"Call it a day Princess?"

She took the hand then pulled herself up. Saying nothing.

_____

"Oh Tenchi" chimed Ryoko on the beach "I've got the ice-cubes!"
"I really do hope you meant that for my drink" gulped Tenchi as he got up but got pushed 
back down onto the soft sand gently by Ryoko.
"Maybe" smiled Ryoko innocently. 
"Well cut it out" Tenchi said with his arms crossed "we might be on a desert island but 
that doesn't mean you can do…. those…well you know things". He stopped as he felt 
Ryoko stroking his hair. 
"Have you been listening to me?" Tenchi grumbled.
"Oh" Ryoko clicked as she broke from her dirty daydream "of course I have!"
"Well what did I say then?" 
"Erm well" Ryoko mumbled, "You said we were on a desert island" she thought for a 
second "I kinda lost it after that" 
Tenchi sunk his head down in exhaustion "I give up".
"You do?" Ryoko grinned she jumped on Tenchi.
"Hey!" Tenchi gasped "I didn't mean it in that way!"

"Are you sure these instant food packets will work Washu?" Sassami asked, as she 
looked the foil packets with suspicion. Ryo-Ohki confused at the packet entitled 'instant 
carrot'.
"Of course they will work" said Washu as she emptied some water into a wide pan "look 
pour the carrot powder into the water and loads of fresh carrots will constitute together. 
Ryo-Ohki's eyes lit up as she ripped the pack open and poured it into the pan. Sadly the 
power just squiggled together in a kind of gray colored sludge.

"Or just do the total opposite to what I just said" Washu sighted "oh well back to the 
drawing board" Washu sighed as she brought up a holographic keypad and went back to 
sorting out the way of getting back home.

_____

"Did you enjoy your exercise?" asked Gary as he sat down on a log, Ayeka joining him.
"It was interesting yes" nodded Ayeka as she massaged her back.
"Did I go a little too hard?" Gary smiled.
"Just as hard as I went on your head" giggled Ayeka as she wiped away some blood from 
a small cut to Gary's face.

Gary laughed softly at this as he looked out to sea.
"You're very quiet," said Ayeka as she stretched.
"I've got some news," he said looking ahead.
"What news?" Ayeka asked.
"I.." he stopped for a second "I wanted to marry you"
Ayeka nodded, surprised "Father will never let us you understand that"
"I know, I've seen the future" Gary nodded.
"I'm sorry Gary," said Ayeka sadly.
"You love me though" Gary turned to face Ayeka.
"Yes, yes I do" nodded Ayeka.
"That's all I need to know" smiled Gary softly as he hugged her. He stood after they 
embraced.
"Give Sassami, Mihoshi and Ryo-Ohki my love, Tenchi thanks for letting me stay and 
Ryoko all my Sake"
"What where are you going?" Ayeka asked worried as she stood.
Gary put his hands on her shoulders "Ayeka I'm sorry" he said looking down at the floor 
"I'm leaving" he said as he brushed away a tear from Ayeka.
"But why, why so sudden?" Ayeka said through the tears.
"Its my job Ayeka. This RPO posting was a temporary job, to secure Galactic peace" 
Gary said softly "I love you Ayeka and I will never forget you".
"But you can't leave!" cried Ayeka, feeling herself being tripped again at the finishing 
line of happiness.
"I'm sorry Ayeka" Gary said holding Ayeka in his shoulders, muffling her sobs "please 
forgive me" he said as he brought her face up, her tear streaked face.

They kissed slowly, making it last for what seemed eternity. Gary broke the kiss and 
stepped back. 
 
"Gary please!" Ayeka sniffed, tears forming again "will I see you again?"
"I don't know" Gary said as he called up a portal "Ayeka forgive me" he said, a single 
tear floating down his cheek as the portal enveloped him "forgive me".

And he was gone.

Ayeka couldn't quite believe it; she fell to her knees and cried uncontrollably.

_____
McCann sat in an empty room; a small, thick Edwardian conference table sat in the 
middle with green leather chairs placed all around. He twiddled his thumbs as a servant 
walked in with a Jug of water and two glasses.

He looked at another old, thick report. As the servant left. Switching in between pages. A 
knock came at the double doors right at the end. McCann stood as one of the servants 
came in and announced:

"Lady Funaho sir"

He bowed respectfully as the lady herself walked into the room. She nodded in reply as 
she took a seat on the other side.
"Ma'am" McCann said as he sat down "I assume you've been informed about the present 
situation?" 
"I have Commander" Funaho nodded as took a glass of water offered to her "I am not at 
all pleased"
"Ma'am all respect due but I've lost my best Watcher because of what happened"
"I understand that and I'm sorry but King Azusa could not allow such a thing to take 
place" she said sternly "we would have civil war on our hands if another person outside 
of the bloodline of Jurai was let in"
"And that's why you came, to inform Gary yourself?" 
"We were going to take him with us" Funaho said as she sipped her water "he would've 
made a fine RPO"
"You know we couldn't allow that" McCann smiled "he's too valuable to us" 
"What's the matter?" Funaho asked sarcastically "your council scared it'll lose what 
power it has in the galaxy?"
"Something along those lines yes" nodded McCann "until we can get him back, he's a 
walking time bomb no matter where he goes"
"What about the other dimensions? The other Tsunami's?" Funaho questioned.
"We're dealing with that but we'd rather deal with it privately"
"It must be serious seeing as you lost 5 Watchmen alone" Funaho said looking over 
another file. 
"We're dealing with it" McCann said with a stare "the Kagato infestation problem is 
being investigated and dealt with" he said coldly.
"I hope so," said Funaho as she closed the File titled "Watchman no. 53" over it printed 
in big red words was 'Rouge'.

______

Ayeka stepped off the Imperial platform. She was covered in a deep, dark black kimono, 
her face covered in a shroud. She walked slowly through the streets, flanked by Azaka 
and Kamidaki, her people watching her.

She had returned to visit her mother and father. It had been two years since Gary had left 
abruptly and she hadn't stopped mourning since. Her sadness had prompted her to visit 
home again, find a new direction and sort her life out before she would become one of the 
most powerful women in the universe.

Suddenly a man with a wooden crutch burst through the Royal cordon.
"Princess!" the man shouted, his face hidden by a hood attached to his rags "I am a 
veteran of wars fought in service of his Highness King Azuza" He was tackled by a 
couple of Royal bodyguard as Ayeka looked up, interested.
 
"Guards please" she said quietly "let him come to me".
 
The Guards relented and the man staggered back to his feet and hobbled his way to 
Ayeka, half of his left leg was missing. He presented a package to the Princess.
"Please accept this from a poor loyal citizen of Jurai" he said weakly.
She paused as she looked at the man. She took the package.
"Your loyalty is appreciated soldier, please go with my blessing" she smiled softly as she 
placed her hand on his head.
"Thank you Princess oh thank you!" said the man as he bowed and hobbled back into the 
crowd.

When she entered the Palace gates she opened the package.

She was amazed to find two books. One titled "Jane Eyre" the other titled "Great 
Expectations" Attached to the two books was a small note. It read:

	"These books are for you and Sassami, thank you. 
				Signed your loyal servant
							G"

She gasped as she ran back to the gate, looking through at the crowd, searching 
desperately for the person who had prayed would come back for two years.

The man hobbled through the street. In a blink of an eye his left leg reappeared, his 
started to walk properly and he removed the hood from his head. 
 
He looked back at Ayeka who was looking around from the gate; she went out of view as 
he ducked into an alleyway.
 
"Be patient Princess," he said quietly as he walked though a portal.



Fin

Phew! Finished, it took time but I've done it, part six has been completed. Thanks 
for anyone who has read the series as I've wrote it. Question is now though 'will' 
Gary come back in the next series or will I do a totally new one? Oh well its 
brainstorming time. Anyway any rants, raves or 'I read it and all I got was this 
lousy t-shirt' comments to go to puddah@ntlworld.com

  
 








 
