from-JSe7666564

disclaimer: I don't own all of these characters except for 1 or 2 characters.
Most of these came from AIC and Pioneer. I don't intend to make money off of
this and I don't want to get sued. I have no money.

    Tenchi slowly walked towards his house when he heard a loud whirring
noise from the sky. He looked up and saw a huge space ship slowly desending
near his house so he broke into a run.

    Ryoko was sitting on a log waiting for Tenchi to return from school when
she saw a huge space ship a few yards away from her. A huge door slid open
to
reveal a tall figure with full body armor on hovered away from the ship and
and towards her and stopped a foot away from her.

    "Where is Washu?" a raspy voice said from inside its helmet.

    "Why do you..." Ryoko started to say, "Where is Washu!?" it yelled.
"Look
youre going..." "Tell me!" he screamed. Ryoko started to form an energy ball
in her hand when she was lifted into the air and slammed into the ground and
knocked unconsios. Then the figure started to walk towards Tenchi's house.

    "Helllllooooo!.....Tenchi?" Susami said aloud when she heard the front
door open. "Tenchi? Ryoko?" she called again, no answer but she could here
footsteps getting closer to her. "Washu?" she cried. Just then a figure with
full body armor slipped into the kitchen. "Where is Washu?" said the figure
in an impatient voice. " Down...stairs." she said quietly as her eyes
folowed
the thing until it left the room.

    "Hello Washu." it said as it teleported into Washu's lab.

    Washu turned around and felt searing pain in her back as she was slammed
into her computer console "AAAAAHHHHH!" she screamed in pain. "Where is it
Washu!" "What are you..." "Tell me or die." he paused in thought "No wait I
could kill your daughter.Ryoko...." "She is very strong you can't defeat
her"
"I already did. Yes she is strong but...not as strong as she could be." it
said with a laugh.

    "Ryoko." Tenchi said as he dropped next to Ryoko. Ryoko slowly opened
her
eyes.

    "Tenchi..." she manegd to say before drifting back into a dreamless
sleep. Tenchi stood up and ran towards the house as Mioshi an Kiyonie's
space
ship landed in his backyard.

    " I can't wait to drink some decent tea." said Kiyonie. " I know Susami
makes great tea!" shouted Mioshi. Then they both walked down a ramp that
extended with a whoosh.

    "Susami!" Tenchi yelled.

    "Yeah!" Susami said. "What happened to Ryoko!?" "What happend to her?"
"She's lying on the lawn unconsios!" "Something came in earlier and asked
for
Washu." Tenchi then ran through the door leading to the cellar.

    "Tell me where it is!" the thing screamed in anoyance. "I'm never going
to tell you so just give up!" Washu cried. Then the door opened and Tenchi
stepped in and shouted "Did you hurt Ryoko?" "Yes so just go away before I
hurt you too!" the Juraian kajata apeared in Tenchi's hand. "Don't try to
fight him you'll be killed!" screamed Washu as the thing let go of her. "So
be it." it said.

    "Tenchi......" said Ryoko as she stood up and stumbeled toward the
house.

"Hello!" shouted Mioshi. "Is anybody home?" shouted Kiyonie as she heard
someone yelling downstairs.

    "AAAAAHHHHH!" screamed Tenchi as he felt like he was on fire and
eltracuted at the same time. There was a yellow beam coming out of the
thing's hand and strait into Tenchi's chest. "Tenchi." Ryoko said as she
watched Tenchi suffer and she looked at the ground and she heard a loud
thud.
She looked up and saw the thing let Tenchi go and looked at her. "AAAAHHHH!
you son of a #*@%!" it screamed and rested its hand on its left shoulder.
"Freeze!" Kiyonie shouted pointing her gun at the thing with Mioshi standing
next to her. The thing disapeard and so did Ryoko.

    All of them ran outside just in time to see the giant space craft take
off and fly into space. "RRRYYYOOOKKKOOO!!!" Tenchi cried.

----Okay this stunk but I hope my next one will be better......
