This is the disclaimer;  In no way or form do I own any of the characters
mentioned in this story, rather they are owned by Pioneer and its
affiliates.
 So don't go saying there mine, could get me in trouble.....and i got enough

as it is.(unfortunately)

I remember the day that Earth learned of it's greatest hope, and then lost
it
all at once.  It suprized us all to see that a mere boy, not yet 18 was our
only hope...but unfortunately it cost him all he had to save us on that day.

Only a few short months ago......
On the fifth of December all hell broke loose, we who were so sure that we
were the only intelligent life around were shocked to find out how wrong we
were.  The greatest achievements of mankind seemed dwarfed by this ship, and

so its maker.  For three days scientists the world round tried to get in
touch with whomever was the pilot, but it was he that got in touch with us.

On December eighth all the local radio, television, and Internet channels
were jammed and rechanneled through the ship.  A man with black eyes and
short brown hair appeared demanding that the owner of the light hawk wings
show himself, and if he didn't then the Earth was doomed.
I remember laughing then, passing it off as another prank much like the
radio
scam pulled by Orson Wells.   And then...then he started destroying all I
had
known.  Forests began to disappear in a single shot from some sort of cannon

on the bottom of his ship.  After each shot he would appear again demanding
the same thing, the owner of the light hawk wings.
Everyone scrambled to find this person wanting only to live.  Then he showed

up on his own, in another ship, this one much smaller with all sorts of
spiky
wings coming off it.  As he came closer and closer the larger ship started
firing on the smaller, which screamed as if in pain.  And then with a great
wumpf the smaller ship was directly hit, dead center, causing it to crash
into a nearby building.
To this day I have not been able to figure out what possessed me to run
towards the accident, but I did just that.  When I got there a young woman
with long purple hair could be seen in the rubble, half buried, and amid
what
was left of the rest of the ship I could see more bodies.  My only thought
was to try and save those I could, so I ran to the nearest, the lady with
purple hair.  As I neared I could tell it was to late to save her for a
piece
of what must have been office furniture had impaled her.  Then I noticed
movement, she still lived, so I rushed to her.  Looking at me she nodded and

handed me a strange looking ring and with what must have been her last
breath
she told me to protect lord Tenchi, for with that she moved no more.
The next nearest was a child with blue hair, who aside from a scratch and
lack of consciousness was unhurt, so again I moved on.  Next was another
child, this time with pink spiky hair, and what suprised me the most was the

fact that another woman was crying over her and mumbling.  As I came closer
I
saw stark white hair and yellowish eyes filled with tears.  Standing next to

her I heard what she was saying, "why mom?  Why did you save me, why?"
 While
I tried to find a way to comfort her she stood and screamed at the ship in
rage and just disappeared.  Knowing by what the lady had said I knew that
this child was dead as well.  I came across what I hoped were the last two
occupants of the ship for I couldn't take much more of what I had been
seeing.  One was a tall woman with short curly hair that was blond where it
had not been covered in blood.  Underneath her was a young man with a ! !
dazed
expression on his face.  His black eyes full of tears and his black hair
matted with the blood of the woman on top of him.  Running over I began to
lift him to his feet when suddenly the blond haired woman moved!  Rolling
over, her blue eyes beginning to glaze over with the look of death she
whispered a warning to not harm Tenchi, and then she too died.
Finally seeming to notice me the young man asked me to help him find his
friends.  I told him I already had,  and upon being asked if they were all
right I began to cry myself.  "All but two are dead," I stammered, "the one
with white hair and the one with blue."  Falling to his knees in grief he
began to tremble and then the most horrifying sound I had ever heard escaped

from his lips.  It was a cry of pure anguish and rage, one so keen that even

the skies heard and answered with rain.  Standing a short while later he
looked at me and told me to remember the names he was about to tell me and
their descriptions.  "Aeka, royal princess of Jurai; Washu, greatest mad
scientist ever; Mihoshi, Galaxy police officer, all women who loved me and
died for it.  Ryoko, space pirate; Sasami, also a princess of Jurai, both
women loved me and must now live without their family because of me.  And I
! !
am Tenchi Musaki, deaths doorman."  Once more he looked about as if seeking
something.  Finally finding what he was searching for he headed for it, a
set
of stairs leading to the roof.
Though the rubble he climbed finally reaching the doorway, going through it
I
remembered the promise the lady had asked me to keep, but I just couldn't
follow Tenchi, my fear was to great.  Instead I turned and ran back to the
still alive girl, grabbing her gently and cradling her to my chest I ran out

of the building.  Looking up I saw the woman with white hair coming back
down, fast.  She apparently had been hit by one of the guns and was now
going
to hit ground.  Setting the child down I ran to where she was about to hit
and dived, barely managing to catch her  From that height though it was like

being hit with a ton of bricks.  I blacked out as 4 ribs broke and for many
hours I knew no more.  I woke to see the girl with blue hair standing over
us
glowing, and somehow I knew she was healing us, and as the pain went away I
passed into the darkness once more.
As I came to a second time I was shocked to see the blue haired girl
comforting the other woman, or perhaps they were comforting each other.
 Then
 I heard a great explosion above me, and looking up I saw the massive ship
blow up.  Turning I asked if Tenchi had gotten out, at that both girls cried

all the harder and I knew the truth.  We, the human race had survived, at
the
cost of one young mans life.
Somehow that day I managed to get both of the girls to my house were slowly
they began to accept the past.  They are still here Sasami and Ryoko as I
was
to find out.  I also found out who the others were when we held a funeral
survive for them.  In the months up to now I've become sort of a father to
Sasami and brother to Ryoko.  I will never know what would've happened had I

followed Tenchi, though I regret it not at all, for who would have saved the

girls?  Well, for now I must end this story, doorbell is ringing.
*A man wearing jeans and a black T-shirt gets up from his chair.  His brown
hair gets messed as he runs a hand through it.  "Don't get up Ryoko, Sasami,

I got it.  Hello.....Tenchi!?"
