Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi Muyo, so
please don't send the bad men with uzis
and little black bags after me, okay?

		Tenchi Muyo! No Need for Self Control!
			-Part Two-
		by Argus Cromwell
		a.k.a.Dade Gifford
	
	Well, things had worked out rather well, or
so Tenchi thought.  He saw Washu admiring the work
on his ring.  It was a ruby, cut into the shape of
a Japanese symbol, meaning "Wisdom."  Tenchi scratched
the back of his head.  He wasn't sure what to
do now.  Of course, he knew to have a wedding, but 
what to do in the here and now?
	Aeka threw her arms around him.  "I don't
believe it!  A soultion to keep us together, and
all happily married!  I knew you could do it,
Ten-chan!" Tenchi blushed.  "Well...yeah, it was a
good idea, wasn't it?"  Ryoko hugged him.  Washu
hugged him.  Kiyone hugged him.  Mihoshi hugged him.
Sasami hugged him.  Tenchi felt as if his legs would
collapse, because they were resting their weight on
him.  He looked across the room.  Ryo-ohki (cabbit form)
 came into view.  Ryo-ohki saw all the hugging going on, 
and toddled over happily.	
	"Miyaa!"
	Cue the "Jaws" theme, as Ryo-ohki made her way
over to them.  
	Tenchi's eyes widen as he sees Ryo-ohki, and
everything goes into slow motion.  Ryo-ohki leaps
into the air towards them.  Tenchi's mouth opens 
slowly, and then..  "Nooooooooooooooooooooooo!" 
	"Miya!"
	Ryo-ohki lands lightly onto Sasami's shoulders,
then embraces Tenchi.  FLUMP!  Tenchi's legs give and
he collapses, as well as all the women on top of him.
Then came a chorus of laughter, followed by a cry of
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmph! mphrrhrgm hrmgmph mrphm mrrr mrph!"
	One by one, the women raise off of him, except
for Ryoko, because Tenchi's face is stuck into her
cleavage.  After all the women get off, Ryoko says,
"Well now, isn't this nice?" All the other women,
yes, even Sasami, look on in jealousy.  Tenchi 
decides to play along, and says, "Mommy, mommy, I want
a biscuit, no mommy, I want the large ones, yes!"
	Ryoko looks down and blushes.  "Okay, that's
enough fun," she says and pulls him out.  Tenchi is
suffering from a mild nosebleed, but only mild because
Ryoko's ample, um.... assets, have cut off the 
circulation.  Ryoko bows to the other women.  "Thank
you, thank you," she says, and phases into the floor
before they can jump her.  
	Tenchi sees the trouble beginning just in
time, and runs ahead of five women rushing for 
his attention.  Or so Tenchi wishes.  He manages
to lose them outside, and then makes his way slowly
back to the house.  Unfortunately, Mihoshi is the
one smart enough to wait for him where he'd soon
be back to.  She rushes for him, and he looks at
her like a deer in headlights.  And then he gets
clocked by a pair of them, too.
	"Ooh, Tenchi, I didn't know you were that
forward!" she giggled.  "Mmmmph!" he said.  No
funny anecdotes this time; Mihoshi's the biggest
one of them, and he can't get enough air to say
anything funny.  He pulls himself away, and
gasps for air for a few minutes.  Tenchi, wanting
to get around Mihoshi, remembers what stuns her
the quickest.  He attacks her mouth with his,
giving it all he has learned from Ryoko and 
every lurid video his father has ever tried to
make him watch.  Instead of feeling a little
buzzed, she slowly sinks to the floor, her eyes
closed, and a contented look on her face.
	"Well, that takes care of her," he
said, sneaking to his room.  He then hears the
other women entering the house.  He gulps 
nervously, thinking about what they could do
to him.  Images of leather and chains enter
his mind.  <Naaah, they wouldn't do that...
would they?> he questions himself.  
	Silenly, he makes his way for his room.
He slides the door open, walks in, and tries
to find some way to block the door.  But,
Ryoko pops up onto the bed, naked.  Tenchi's
eyes pass over that spot once, then zip back.
A ribbon of red comes out of his nose.  He 
tries to run out the door, but Aeka and the
rest, except for Sasami, are there to block him.
His eyes grow large, and he backs up into
a corner.  They all strip and advance on him.
	"Have mercy!  Have mercy on my chastity!"
he pleads.  They cross their arms and shake
their heads.  Tenchi falls to his knees.  
"Please!  Can't this wait 'till after we get
married?!" he begs.  Again, multiple head
shaking.  Tenchi tries to make a break for
it, but he trips and falls, knocking Aeka 
over.  His head lands at the joining point
of her legs.  He opens his eyes... 
	"Ayah!!!" he yells, and leaps
onto his back, crawling away.  Bad move.
They all saw this as acceptance from Tenchi,
and leap at him.  The last thing we see of
Tenchi is him putting his arms over his face,
and whimpering.  
	About an hour later, Sasami comes
to the door.  "Tenchi!  Lunch is ready!"
She listens carefully.  "Oh, won't those
girls ever let up?  He'll be too tired
to come and eat!" She pouts in a very
cute manner and then tromps down the
stairs.  "I feel so left out!" she says 
aloud.  Sasami hops up on the table, and
holds her head in her hands, deep in 
thought.  
	"Ah!  I know!" she concentrates, and
calls on Tsunami.  
	<Tsunami?  It is time.>
	Tsunami says nothing, knowing of 
the past days events.  
	Meanwhile, in Tenchi's room, he is
on his bed, and totally out of it.
	"Man, I sure hope I don't have to
do any practice today..."
	The women are all on the now larger
bed, courtesy of Washu, and looking buzzed.
Tenchi just looks tired.  Suddenly, he hears
a very different voice at the door. 
	"Tenchi?" the voice is sultry.
	Tsunami steps in the room, taking 
Tenchi totally by surprise.  She is nude, 
thanks to the fact that Sasami's clothes
were way too small.
	"S-sasami?" his voice quavers.
	"Yes, I seem to have run out of
clothes," she says with sultry innocence.
	"Maybe you could help me with my
little...problem."
	At first, Tenchi dreaded the thought
of another sexual partner, but as he looked
at her, Tenchi suddenly felt a second wind.
But, he thought of the fact that Sasami's 
mind was still the same.  He felt kind of
ashamed, but to ward that off, he looked at
her.  Her smile, her touch... Tenchi couldn't
resist.  
	In her mind, Sasami was very excited.
	<I can't believe I didn't think of
this sooner!> she thought.  Of course,
Sasami just acted innocent.  She knew just as
much as the others about the erotic arts.  
She just never found the need to mention them
whilst in such a cute little body.  
	Tenchi put his arms around her, and
she lay on top of him.  They shared a kiss,
unlike before.  Tenchi knew the drill, or
at least he thought he did, what with having
just been taught it five times.  Even Ryoko
only took one turn.  Tenchi felt her weight
on top of him, and he noticed how light she
was, despite the way she looked.  
	After a short while of kissing, 
Tenchi knew that she was ready.  So he made
ready himself...  Back in the living room,
Nobuyuki walked in.  He noticed how quiet
it was, except for a sound like heavy 
breathing.  And creaking.  He honestly
didn't know what that noise could be,
because the house was in perfect condition. 
There should be nothing wrong with it,
because it was designed in perfection,
and, by a house's standards, not really
that old.  
	So he got himself a cup of tea and
went to his room.  The volume of the noise
got louder as he closed in on Tenchi's room.
He thought about it for a moment, shrugged
his shoulders, and went to his room.  
Meanwhile, Tenchi and Tsunami..excuse me,
adult Sasami (I don't want anyone to think
that this is a Sasami lemon, so I'll refer
to her as 'Tsunami') had just finished 
reaching the "Clouds and Rain," or so they
put it.
	She lay on top of him, covered in
sweat, and breathing her hot breath on
his chest.  Her hair draped over him.
	"Offhand, I'd like to say that
Kiyone was the best," he confessed.  "But
you run a VERY close second."
	"You're being naughty, Tenchi,"
she said. 
	"Well, it's the truth," he said,
a little shamefully.
	"It's a good thing for your Jurai
power," she began.  "Because a normal 
human would have died, especially with
the various....techniques....used on you."
	"They were all talented.  But I
wonder why Kiyone was so good at it?  Ah,
well.  It doesn't do the mind good to be
pondering such things.  Next thing you 
know, I'll be peeking on women like dad."
	He hadn't noticed till he finished
talking, but Tsunami was asleep on him.  It
wouldn't have been a very comfortable 
position, except for the fact that a VERY
beautiful woman was lying on top of him.
And any guy knows that kind of position is
never a bad one.
	He went to sleep, dreaming of the
women that lay around him.
	The next morning, they all awoke 
within ten minutes of each other.  And all
were startled to see Tsunami on Tenchi.
	"What?  Tsunami...SASAMI?!!" said
Aeka.  
	"Yes?" she replied calmly, sitting
up off of Tenchi.
	"Well, I thought you were afraid to
go through the process!" she said, as all the
others nodded.  
	"All I had to do was think of Tenchi!
And besides, you were going to leave me to
sleep alone in our room!"
	Tenchi blushed at the sight.  Six
beautiful vixens were strewn about his bed, 
waking up where they fell after a night of
bliss with their Tenchi.  Mihoshi was still
snoring, though.  
	Nobuyuki came to wake Tenchi up. 
After all, it was ten o'clock!  He should've
been up and at his chores hours ago!  He 
opened the door to quite a sight.  Tenchi 
was sitting amongst all the women of the
house, and they were all nude.  
	Nobuyuki was surprised.  Tears 
welled up in his eyes.  "I can't believe it!
You finally got some backbone, Tenchi!  
And with SIX women!  The more the merrier, 
I always say, eh, Tenchi?"
	All the women looked at Nobuyuki
at once.  Then they looked at their current
state of dress.  Tenchi covered his ears for
the followup.  
	"AAAAAAAIIIIII!!!  HENTAI!!!!" they
all screamed.  Nobuyuki left only after 
being shot at by a GP pistol, which had
conveiniently been left on the nightstand.
	"Oh, what should we do about
breakfast?" questioned Tsunami.  
	"You know what?" stated Ryoko.
"I really don't care.  Let's all go back
to sleep."
	So they all laid back down and 
slept once again.
	And all was right with the world.
=============================================
Ha!  I did it!  I put a lemon scene in a 
non-lemon!  I think I shall pat myself on
the back....Or I would, except it's painful
to bend my arms that way.  Oh well.  
E-mail me with input, as always.
Cubone41@yahoo.com  And Dustin?  Kiyone is da
bomb in bed.