Akina stared around the spa in Yukio's ship.  "Sigh, I guess he finally got what 
he wanted."  She looked down and then heard a splash sound.  "huh?"  She hid 
behind a rock and saw Yukio on the other end.  "Oh my god."  She turned away.  
"Why is he in here!?"  She felt extremely embarrassed since she had a feeling of 
pleasure.  "Are you spying on me?"  Yukio was leaning on the rock from the other 
side.  "No I'm not!"  Akina was blushing completely red.  "Hmph, what ever."  
Yukio grinned because of that part of his energy inside her showed him how she 
was feeling and what she was thinking.  "I suppose you picked up not wearing a 
towel in the bath from Ryoko?"  He laughed.  " Well I didn't think anyone else 
was in here and how did you know that I wasn't wearing a towel!?"  She was too 
embarrassed to move.   "Would you just relax!"  He sighed.  "I can't relax!"  
She accidentally blew up the rock behind them.  "See what happens when you don't 
relax every once in awhile."  He looked back at her.  "Don't stare at me!"  She 
covered herself in the water.   "Oh common it's not like I haven't seen you 
before."  Yukio laughed.  "Well that was different!"  She complained and hid 
behind another rock.  "Okay okay."  He smiled and looked away.  "Why am I acting 
like this he knows that I can't stand it when he's wet!"  Akina thought to 
herself and blushed.  "AHAHAHAHAHA!"  Yukio was laughing hard.  "What's so 
funny!?"  Akina shouted from behind the rock.  "Uh.....er.......nothing."  He 
tried to stop laughing.    "Akina, we're going to be together forever so I don't 
see why it bothers you so much when I see you in here."  Yukio moaned.  "Oh, it 
only bothers me huh?"  she growled.  "It doesn't bother me at all."  He 
shrugged.  "Yeah but this does."   She appeared in front of him and embraced him 
in a long kiss.  "Hah, now who's embarrassed!?"  She laughed as Yukio started to 
blush as red as she was.

Washu hesitantly picked up Mihoshi's galaxy police communicator.  "Well, who's 
going to explain to Kiyone what happened?"  Washu sighed.  "Not me!"  Ryoko and 
the others quickly responded.  "Explain what to me?"  Kiyone stood in the 
doorway with an angered look on her face.  "Uh er well........"  Washu panicked.  
"What!?"  Kiyone growled.  "Yukio kidnapped Akina again."  Washu blurted out.  
"WHAT!?"  Kiyone growled and grabbed Washu by the neck.  "This is all your 
fault!"  She shook Washu hard.  "You drained out his energy and did experiments 
with it didn't you!?"  Kiyone growled.  "No it's wasn't like that!"  Washu 
gasped for air when Kiyone let her go.  "What are you all sitting around here 
for we have to go find her!"  Kiyone ran to the doorway.  "No wait."  Ryoko 
stopped her.  "If Akina was in trouble she would have sent a distress call by 
now right?"  Ryoko raised her eyebrow.  "Yeah so."  Kiyone's eyes grew stern.  
"I think we should just leave them alone, I know Akina's fine."  Ryoko grinned 
and jumped back onto the house beam.  "So just sit back and wait."

Yukio sat at the control panel.  "There aren't any Universe Enforcers around 
here but I might as well leave the signal block on."  He saw Akina come out of 
the bath.  "When did you decide to come out."  He grinned.  "Why were you 
wanting me to kiss you again?"  She teased as he blushed.  "I can't believe she 
has control over my emotions."  He thought to himself.  "What are you doing?"  
She walked over to the control panel in her towel.  "Aren't you going to put 
your clothes on?"  He stared at her.  "If you're lucky I won't need this towel 
in a little bit."  She teased.  "She's acting like she used to on our planet."  
Yukio sighed to himself.  "I'm making sure that you didn't send any signals out 
to the forces."  He stared at the controls.  "I can't, I would be breaking the 
promise."  She walked over to the other side of the room and put her clothes on.  
"Huh?"  He stared back at her.  "As long as you don't harm my sister or my 
friends I won't leave or send out any distress signals."  She walked back over 
to him.  "Besides I wanted to destroy myself when I killed you."  She sat in a 
chair next to him.  "What?"  He stared at her.  "I still have feelings for you."  
She blushed a little.   He sighed and set the control on auto pilot.  "Where're 
you going?"  She stared at him.  "To bed, it's 11:30 in this time zone."  he 
walked into his room.

Meanwhile on Earth Kiyone held up her communicator watch and saw that it still 
wasn't going off.  "She's not going to call you Kiyone."  Ryoko looked down at 
her.  "I just want to know if she's okay."  Kiyone prepared to push the signal 
button but Ryoko snatched the watch away.  "You leave them alone Kiyone."  Ryoko 
quickly dropped the watch when she realized that she was acting like Akina's big 
sister.  "Fine."  Kiyone walked upstairs.

Akina stared out in space.  "I can't get over this feeling."  Her eyes began to 
glow with a blue color.  "Yukio."  She got up from her chair and looked at his 
room.  He laid out on his bed and stared at the ceiling.  "Sigh, she's going to 
trick me into letting her go I just know it."  He thought out loud.  "Why would 
I?"  Akina was lying right next to him.  "Akina?"  He was in disbelief.  "I'm 
not leaving you Yukio."  She rested her head on his shoulder and put her hand on 
his chest.  "Akina......."  she stared him in the eyes with a look of pleasure 
in her eyes.  "Shh."  She put her finger on his lips.  "Tomorrow we start the 
first day of our lives."  she took her finger off and kissed him.

The house seemed to be empty again, Sasami was too depressed to cook and just 
sat down on the sofa and stared into space.  "Guys I'm telling you Akina's 
okay!"  Ryoko was suffering from starvation.  "Isn't anyone listening to me!?"  
Ryoko had tears running down her face as her stomach set off another stomach 
twisting growl.  "You can cook Ryoko."  Sasami said lifelessly.  "No Sasami 
please anything but that!  Is anyone listening to me!?  Akina is fine!"  Ryoko 
fainted.

Yukio woke up and was relieved to see Akina was still there with him.  "she's 
finally mine."  He thought to himself as she slowly started to wake up.  "Good 
Morning."  He smiled.  "I told you I wouldn't leave."  She got up and started to 
tug on his arm.  "What?"  He laughed.  "Oh so I guess you don't want to take a 
bath with me."  She smiled and walked out of the room.  "Hey wait!"  He ran 
after her.  "What is it?"  She looked him in the eyes.  "Nothing."  He scratched 
his head.  "Common."  She walked into the spa.  "She's being forward."  He 
walked in and saw her leaning against a rock.  "Common."  She looked up at him 
as he got in.  "I just wanted to say sorry about what happened yesterday."  He 
sighed.  "Don't be."  She smiled as he sat next to her.  "So?"  he looked her in 
the eyes.  "What kind of future are we going to have?"  He looked at the 
ceiling.  "A very romantic one."  She grinned.    "Well, let's just hope that we 
can survive unlike the other two like us."  She raised her eyebrow.  "I never 
heard about their past before."  She looked up at him.  "They were both bent on 
war and murder, anyone that stood in their way died, until one day someone 
finally brought them down."  He sighed and looked back at her.  "That's why I 
was so enraged when I found out that you were joining the Universe Forces, they 
were stealing you from me and I was afraid you would have a taste for battle.  
But it was me who ended up me who desired the fight."  He had the surge of guilt 
go over him again.  "You can leave that past behind now."  She kissed him.


Hehe, sorry if this fanfic grossed some of you out!   But I highly doubt that I 
might do one like this again.......I think.  

