Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, AIC and Pioneer does. 
I don't own Tenchi, Ryoko (they belong to each other), or 
anyone else. So don't sue me!

No Need for a Kidnapping: Chapter 1
By Chibi-C

Author's notes: OAV based, but Kiyone's in it. I'm not 
gonna rewrite all the notes again.
Kyinia: Try copy-paste. 
Why didn't I think of that?
Kyinia: No comment.
Anyway, here's the story!

"Sasami, this tastes great!" Tenchi exclaimed. Everyone 
else nodded in agreement.

"Thanks," Sasami said, blushing slightly.

After everyone finished eating, Ryoko stood up. "Hey, I've 
got an idea."

At this, Ayeka hid under the table. Everyone laughed, 
including Ryoko.

"No, princess, it doesn't involve blowing up anything 
anywhere on this planet." Ayeka crawled out from under the 
table.

"Well in that case, what's your idea?" Ayeka asked.

Tenchi couldn't help but smile. Ever since the day Tenchi 
had broken up their fight, Ryoko and Ayeka had been getting 
along pretty good. Ayeka hadn't called Ryoko a demon once, 
and Ryoko hadn't called Ayeka a "stuck up little princess 
who can't even take care of herself." 

"Baka," Ryoko said under her breath.

"What was that?" Ayeka said with mock anger.

"Oh, nothing. Anyway, I was thinking, this evening we could 
go to Tokyo, maybe go shopping or catch a movie or 
something. I mean, there's nothing to do around here."

"For once, Ryoko, you may actually be on to something," 
Ayeka said.

"Sounds like fun!" Kiyone agreed.

"YAY!" Sasami and Mihoshi said simultaneously.

"I don't think I can go," Washu said. "I have a lot of work 
to do. I think I'm sensing a disturbance in the earth's 
atmosphere."

"Come on, mom. It'll be fun!" Ryoko said.

"I can't, Little Ryoko." Ryoko visibly shuddered at the pet 
name Washu had given her.

"What about you Tenchi, you in?" Ryoko asked.

"Well."

"PLEASE????" all the girls said at the same time, making 
their eyes impossibly wider. 

Tenchi couldn't resist the five faces staring at him. 
"Well, okay."

"YAY!" Tenchi was now being glomped by five girls. Somehow, 
he managed to make it out of the dog pile without breaking 
any bones.

"Don't stay out to late, Tenchi," Katshihito, or rather 
Yosho, said. 

"Okay, grandpa!"

They went outside and started walking to Tenchi's father's 
car. They knew Ryoko could easily teleport them all to 
Tokyo, but this would be more fun.

Suddenly, a bright light appeared in the sky.

"What the hell is that!?" Ryoko shouted.

"Ryoko, I wouldn't-" Before Tenchi could finish, Ryoko had 
teleported to where the strange light seemed to be coming 
from.

"One of these days she's going to get herself-" Again, 
Tenchi was cut off. This time, by an ear-splitting scream.

"RYOKO!" Tenchi felt panic seize his heart.

Before anyone could do anything, the light disappeared.


Author's Notes: Short, I know. Hey, gimme a break, this is 
my first attempt at a Tenchi fic. In fact, it's the first 
time I've written anything other than a comedy.
Kyinia: I thought that much was obvious.
You know, instead of making fun, why don't you help? I 
mean, you are my muse.
Kyinia: Because this is more fun.
(Sweatdrop.) ANYWAY, give me feedback peeps.or.I'll do 
something drastic.like.umm.
Kyinia: (Whispers something in Chibi-C's ear.)
Hey, yeah! Ok! Give me feedback, or I'll write a lemon with 
Tenchi and Katsuhito. (Shudders at the mere thought.)
Are you sure that was a good idea?
Kyinia: Well, either way, it'll be interesting.
(Nosebleed.) Anyway, e-mail me at Carmel3309@aol.com.  
