Please recognize that I DO NOT own any characters in this fanfic. No need to sue me. 
If you do I'll go back where I live with a small piece of paper saying "will write fanfics for food". 
Get it? Well, on to

No Need for Broken Hearts
Chapter 1, Tenchi's Decision

It was a normal day in the Masaki Household. Ayeka and Ryoko were fighting over 
Tenchi. Like I said perfectly normal.
"Shut up you stuck-up brat!!" Ryoko yelled
"Well if you weren't such an ungrateful little wench, I might treat you with 
more respect." Ayeka responded camly.
Ryoko shot an energy bolt at Ayeka. Ayeka's forcefield quickly blocked the 
energy bolt.
Ayeka laughed her very annoying laugh.
"Do you know how annoying your laugh is?" Ryoko asked.
"Do YOU realize how much sake Lord Tenchi would have to drink to find an ugly, 
evil, loudmouth, ungrateful, unfaithful demon monster like you attractive?"
Tears were welling up in Ryoko's eyes as she disappeared.
"Ayeka, why did you say that?" Tenchi said as he walked down to the table to 
eat.
"Why, whatever do you mean Lord Tenchi?"
"Ayeka, I heard what you said to her." Tenchi said angrily
"Well, It's not like you love her, is it?" she said the last part insecurely
"Ayeka, I do not know who I love, but with you two fighting it is hard for me to 
see you both as you really are. As of right now Kiyone is beating you all." Tenchi responded 
"Well then, how about Ryoko and I don't fight for a day?"
"Yeah right, if you two could do that I would go out and kiss you both."
"OK, Lord Tenchi." Ayeka responded before Tenchi could remedy his mistake.
*Oh, boy that was a mistake. I can't take it back now. It might be fun, who 
knows.*
"Alright, I'll go tell Ryoko." Tenchi said glumly as he walked up the stairs
*Yes, I get to go on a date with Lord Tenchi and I get to kiss him.* Ayeka 
thought as she stared off into space with a big smile on her face.
"What are you smiling about." No response "Yoohoo, Ayeka what are you smiling 
about." Ayeka snapped out of it and looked up to see Washu standing in front of 
her waving her hand. 
"Oh hello Miss Washu." Ayeka said. "What are you smiling about?" Washu asked. 
"Lord Tenchi said that if Ryoko and I stopped fighting for a day he would date 
and kiss us both." Ayeka said cheerfully. *Hmm, I better get in on this.* Washu 
thought
"I will ask him if I can go out and kiss him too."
"Miss Washu I cannot allow you to do that."
"If you don't let me I will give Ryoko distribution rights to these, and also 
give Tenchi some of these." Washu said slyly, holding out a group of pictures. 
"Let me see those" Ayeka looked at the pictures "Miss Washu this is 
blackmale!!!"
"I know it is, but if you don't want Tenchi to see pictures of you sucking your 
thumb, and doing what you do when you're all alone, then apologize to Ryoko, and 
don't stop me from asking Tenchi."
"Fine Miss Washu." Ayeka said defeated while she tore up the pictures.
"I wonder what is taking Tenchi so long." Washu said after about five minutes.
"He probably is talking to Ryoko."
Sasami walked into the room with some food. "Where are Mihoshi, Kiyone, Tenchi, 
and Ryoko?" Sasami asked.
Just then Kiyone and Mihoshi walked downstairs.
"Mmm the food smells good Sasami." Mihoshi said
"It looks good too." Kiyone said
"Have you two seen Ryoko or Tenchi?" Sasami asked. "No" they both said
"I wonder what those two are doing..." Washu said 
"No, Washu they wouldn't be doing that." Ayeka said.
"Well, I suppose not." Washu responded slowly still unsure.
*Hm* Washu thought
*Ryoko has a lot of emotions going through her right now. I wonder what she is doing with Tenchi.*

A loud crash was heard outside. Everyone ran to see what had happened. Tenchi 
was on the ground. Ryoko appeared right next to him asking if he was ok.
"Get away from him you monster!!!!" Ayeka yelled
"I didn't do anything." Ryoko said defending herself against the rain of flying 
objects that were being hurled at her.
"You knocked him off the roof didn't you?" Ayeka yelled even louder than before.
"Why would I do that?"
"Because you don't really like him."
"How dare you say that!"
"What are you going to do, push me off a roof?" Ayeka said sarcastically
Ryoko dissapeared once again but this time very angry. 
"Well he has a broken arm. I'll have a cast soon." Washu said while typing on 
her holo-computer. "Here we go. Let's just set this and There." Washu said now 
finished with the cast. "Tenchi, you should rest for right now. Let's talk about 
what happened tomorrow."
"Alright Little Washu" Tenchi said
Tenchi went to his room, but he felt he should find Ryoko and finish his talk 
with her. *Hmm if I could just sneak out of the house.* Tenchi looked outside 
his room to check if anyone was there. *Phew no one here.* Tenchi ran outside as 
quickly as he could. *Yes! outside and not seen.* Tenchi went off looking for 
Ryoko as he remembered their talk on the roof.

******
:Rooftop, before the fall:

"Ryoko are you ok?"
"Huh? Oh Tenchi I'm <sniff> fine."
"I don't believe you Ryoko. Do you want to talk?"
"Yes, Tenchi I have something to say, but I will say it later."
"OK, well then let's just talk. Ummm, how do you like the scenery?"
"Early Summer scenery is wonderful. Especially here. Tenchi I have something to 
say."
"What is it Ryoko?" 
"Well Tenchi," She started to sob a little. "I L-L" Tenchi started to get a 
little nervous. "I love you Tenchi" Ryoko said as she collapsed into Tenchi's 
arms sobbing.
"It's OK Ryoko" he said comforting her
Ryoko looked up at Tenchi through her tear filled eyes
"Do you love me?"
"Well" Tenchi said getting up "I would have to say -AHHHHH!!!!"
With this Tenchi fell off the roof.
"TENCHI!" Ryoko yelled trying to grab his hand before he fell to the ground.
Tenchi looked to see the front door opening and Ryoko appearing right next to 
him.
******

*Where could she be?* Tenchi thought *Well I won't be going out with 
Ayeka now. It will just be Ryoko and I.*
"Ryoko! Where are you?" Tenchi yelled with a great deal of sadness in his voice. 
He decided to check Ryoko's cave. When he got there he called out her name. 
"Ryoko!!!!!"
He ran out of the cave.
"I'm sorry, Tenchi" Ryoko said jumping down from a cherry blossom to hug him. 
She grabbed onto him and hugged him. He hugged her back, which suprised her. 
"Tenchi, does this mean?" Ryoko said enthusiastically 
"I don't know, but I have a better idea of it though. Let's walk to the lake."
"Why there?"
"I snuck out to come find you."
"I see that you got a cast. I am sorry about that."
"Don't be sorry."
"OK Tenchi."
"When we get to the lake what will we do?"
"Well could you teleport us to my room, so I could get back to rest?"
"Alright Tenchi." 
They walked to the lake talking about things, such as the people in the house, about Tenchi's visits to the cave.
"Tenchi?"
"Yes Ryoko?"

Before they realized it they were at the lake.
"Well Tenchi I'll tele.." she was cut off by Tenchi Pulling her into a deep 
passionate kiss. She opened her mouth up and they slipped their tongues into 
each others mouths. They stood there, their tongues in a rough dance for about five minutes.
"Tenchi that was great." Ryoko said. "I'll teleport us now."
"OK Ryoko."
She teleported them both to Tenchi's room, where Tenchi gave her a soft kiss on 
the lips and told her to teleport to her room.
She teleported to her room, as Tenchi said. She fell on her bed and fell asleep 
quickly.
"WHY TENCHI WHY??!!!!" A person was heard yelling.

******
:before Ryoko was found: Masaki house:

"Ayeka could you see if Tenchi is ok?"
"OK Sasami."
"Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka said pushing open his door.
*He isn't here. Where could he be?* Ayeka thought.
"I should go look for him" Ayeka said as she walked out of the house to look for 
Tenchi.
"Ayeka wait..." Sasami said trying to stop her sister. It was too late, Ayeka was gone.
Ayeka was looking for Tenchi by the lake. What she saw was Ryoko 
walking with Tenchi.
Ayeka watched in horror as Tenchi kissed Ryoko passionately for the full 5 
minutes. Ryoko teleported them away.
"WHY TENCHI WHY??!!!!"
*I must get rid of her* she thought bitterly
She walked back to the house openly crying.
"Ayeka what's wrong?" Sasami asked
"Nothing Sasami. I'm going to bed."
Ayeka ran upstairs crying.
She laid down and pretended to sleep.
A few minutes later Sasami came in the room.
"Ayeka, are you awake?"
Ayeka didn't respond.
"I'll ask her tomorrow."
After Sasami fell asleep Ayeka got up and went to the kitchen.
Ayeka looked around for a sharp knife.
*Ah this one is sharp enough* Ayeka thought.
She left the room and walked upstairs.
*Here is Ryoko's room.*
She pushed upon the door quietly and walked in.

What will happen next? What is wrong with Ayeka? Is Tenchi's 
decision true? Let's find out next time in the epic story: No Need for Broken Hearts: Chapter 2, Crazy Princess


I've stopped for suspense. It's not hard for the greatest author 
in the area right around my computer.

Now please this is my first fic. So send ANY questions, comments, or ideas to setzer27@ignmail.com
