Author’s Note: Most of the characters in the following
story are not mine and in no way do I claim them to be. 
Nor do I claim that I created the universe that the
characters are placed in.  The characters and the universe
remain the property of Hitoshi Okuda, Pioneer LDC, INC
and Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO.  Please do not sue. 
This is a fanfic and is nothing more than a show of my
appreciation to the creators of Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

                   Chapter 7

Silence had fallen in the Masaki household.  Everyone had
gathered in the living room at the moment but no one was
talking.  The only people absent from the gathering were
Washuu, still in her lab, and Katsuhito, who had apparently
gone off to be alone.

            Tenchi was very nervous.  He had been having
horrible feelings all day but then, just a moment ago, he had
had a sensation that left his body drained.  It was as if
billions of souls had been suddenly snuffed out of existence
by an incredible force.

The princess Aeka was asleep with her head on Tenchi’s
shoulder.  Ryoko, who normally would not stand for such a
thing, was currently passed out on the floor and it would be
some time before she was sober enough to wake.

Tenchi sighed and looked down at the small object in his
hands.  It was a blue ball with two antennas that looked
like dogs ears.  Washuu had given it two him saying that it
would let him know when the Juraian ships were arriving. 
Just when he was wondering if the ships would ever arrive
the little ball began to buzz and then, surprisingly, bark just
like a little dog.

The noise woke Aeka and she was quickly standing.  “That
must be them!”

Aeka was out the door rather quickly and was followed by
Sasami.  Soon the others found their way out, save for
Ryoko who was still incoherent on the floor.

The group gathered outside just in time to see the sky turn
to a purplish hue as a Juraian ship slowly came down and
then stopped at a hover over the Masaki residence.  A
yellowish beam shot forth from the ship and then two
figures slowly descended.  When the two figures reached
the ground and the beam disappeared their faces could
then be witnessed.  The two figures were Azusa and
Misaki.

Sasami ran forward.  “Mommy!”

Aeka quickly followed and the two princesses embraced
Misaki tightly while Azusa seemed content to stare off at
the sky.

“Oh mommy its so good to see you!”  Said Aeka with
tears in her eyes.

Misaki began to pet her daughters feverishly.  “Oh its good
to see you too my darlings!”

Azusa ignored the scene of his wife and daughters for the
moment and began to stride slowly in Tenchi’s direction. 
Tenchi took several steps back until his foot caught a
branch on the ground causing him to fall flat at Azusa’s
feet.  The king of Jurai glowered at Tenchi for a moment
and then spoke.

“Stand up.”

Tenchi did as he was instructed.  “Um, hello your majesty
I-“

Azusa silenced Tenchi with a hard look.  “Where is
Yosho?”

Before Tenchi could answer Katsuhito came onto the
scene and nodded toward Azusa.  “Hello father.”

Azusa nodded distastefully.  “Yosho.  I see you’ve been
keeping yourself busy here as usual.”

“Ohhhh darling?”

Azusa visibly cringed, but only slightly.  “Yes Misaki?”

“Come and see your daughters!”

“Yes…”

*     *    *

Washuu was still staring at her computer screen in
complete disbelief.  She was shuddering violently as sweat
poured down her face.  “No.”  She thought.  “This can’t
be… Jurai… gone…”

Slowly the scientist stood and walked out of her lab
heavily.  She was running a hundred ideas though her mind,
but there was nothing that would work.  How was she
going to tell the others?  Upon reaching the living room she
stepped over Ryoko without a hitch and headed for the
door where she almost bumped into Tenchi who was
coming in, no doubt in order to inform her of the arrival of
the Juraian ship.

Upon seeing the shattered look on Washuu’s face Tenchi
became concerned.  “Washuu… what’s wrong?  You look
terrible!”

She sighed and wiped her eyes.  “Um, yeah.  Listen Tenchi
you better come with me.  I have to tell the others
something and I want you to be there.”

“Washuu-“

“Just come on Tenchi.”

Tenchi followed Washuu out the door with a sick feeling
forming in his heart.

When Washuu and Tenchi joined the others, Azusa was
just finishing his explanation of the affairs plaguing the
galaxy.  They of course were all positive views; views that
had the Juraian navy taking care of the threat.  Washuu
waited until he was finished and then cut in.

“Um, there’s something you might want to know, all of
you.”

Azusa was acting well considering how he usually reacted
when he was cut off.  “Yes?”

Washuu took in a long breath and then let it out.  “Jurai is
gone.”

“What!”  Azusa roared.  “You’re lying!”

Washuu shook her head.  “No, its been blown clear off the
galactic map.”

Things happened rapidly after Washuu said the words. 
First Aeka fainted and fell into Tenchi’s arms, second
Misaki fainted and landed in Azusa’s arms.  Then Sasami
fell to the ground and began weeping.  The others were in
various states of shock as they stared at Washuu and
Ryo-Ohki was mewing pitifully.

Azusa was glowing red.  “How dare you say such a thing! 
You have no proof!  How could you?  None of our
sensors work right now and-“

Washuu shook her head.  “Mine do and Jurai is gone.”

“Stop saying that!”

Washuu wiped the hair out of her eyes and began typing on
her keyboard that had appeared beside her.  “This is a map
of the galaxy and here is where Jurai should be.”

Azusa stared at the screen.  “My god…”

Washuu shook her head.  “Oh no, not god, something evil
and my sensors show that its headed right for us, for
Earth.”

Tenchi had set Aeka down gently and was at Washuu’s
side.  “What do we do?  I mean if everything’s gone!”

“There is one thing.”  Said Washuu.  “I could modify a ship
for time travel and then we could go back and stop this
thing before it has a chance to do what its done.  It’s our
only hope.  One things for sure, we can’t beat it in an open
fight now.”

Tenchi closed his eyes.  “How long is it going to take for
you to do that?”
            “What?  Mesh a time machine into a ships
computer and engine drives?  Not long, but we don’t have
much time!  That thing is coming right for us so I have to
move fast.  We should use Ryo-Ohki, I know her better
than any other ship.”

Washuu stood and headed back for the house.  “I’ll get
started.  Tenchi, you better take care of everyone and be
ready to head to space in ten minutes and do wake Ryoko
when you have the chance.”

Washuu was stopped by Tenchi’s hand on her shoulder. 
She turned to face him.

“Washuu.  Is this going to work?”  He said.

“I hope so.  If we blow this one there’s nothing between
that thing and Earth.  Its already taken out two fleets that I
know of, this is our last chance to stop it.”

Washuu shrugged off Tenchi’s hand and began running for
the house leaving Tenchi to deal with the others and try to
wake those that had passed out.

Azusa watched Washuu depart.  The king sensed someone
behind him, and then felt a hand grip his shoulder.  He
turned to see his son Yosho looking at him with a solemn
gaze.  The king nodded slightly and then turned away and
stared sadly up at the sky in the direction where he knew
his home planet had been as a single tear rolled from his
eye.

Time was of the essence now, as precious as life itself. 
They had to fix this somehow otherwise there would be
nothing left, nothing seemed to be spared by the wave of
emptiness spreading all over the galaxy.
 
To be continued...


