No Need for Alternate Earths.
Chapter Three: God in the Machine.

    Senior Technician 10101 sat before the audio speakers, waiting for the
Director's orders.  10101 had been ordered to come to the Director's chamber
to receive his special instructions.  10101 was nervous and slightly
confused, as it was unusual to be called to the Director's chamber to be
given orders directly.
    10101 twitched and tried to get comfortable in the plastic chair, the
only chair placed in the chamber, the chair which stood before the cameras
and speakers.  As 10101 waited for the voice of the Director he started to
sweat.  His timetable, his job schedule was going to be messed up.
    The relays and switches behind the walls began to click and snap.  The
Director had entered the local network.
    "Senior Technician 10101," mumbled the speakers.  The voice that came
through were a mixture of many types, as if the machines had recorded
millions of people talking, had sliced and spliced the tapes to make new
sentences and were now using the tapes to talk to him.
    "Yes, Director," he said, tugging on his orange work uniform.
    "The local radar station has detected an unknown metal object south of
this work station," stated the speakers.  "I will be sending a battle
machine
to this work station from the holding area at Takamatsu."
    "Yes," replied 10101, knowing that the Director did not care if he
replied or not.
    "You will order the local attendants find the unknown object and report
to me," stated the speakers.
    "Yes," whimpered 10101, "but my work schedule?"
    "My orders will be relayed to the local enforcers," replied the
speakers.

    The room became silent as the speakers went dead and the machinery
behind
the walls shut down.  The Director was no longer within the chamber.

    "Well," said Washu as she started to turn off the Jumper's engines and
navigation system.  "Let's see what the outside looks like, yes?"
    The displays came to life.  The sky was blue and the landscape was
brown.
 There was no sign of trees or animals.  It was even hard to tell where the
mountains started or the dales ended, like somebody had tried to flatten
everything with a giant rolling pin.
    "What the heck happened out there?" stated Tenchi as he wiped off the
last of the mud.
    "Looks like nothing but rice paddies and terraced farming," added
Mihoshi
as she leaned towards the screens, frowning.
    "I don't even notice any buildings," said Kiyone.
    "My sensory net shows a high level of radio and energy broadcasts,"
added
Washu.  "The atmosphere is safe and the gravity is normal.  The landscape
shows that mankind or some thinking animal HAS developed on Earth."
    "Interesting," announced Tenchi ,"the fields seem to be elongated and
thin.  And more mud.  Lovely."
    "That is an interesting shape," reflected Mihoshi.
    "Some thinking animal?" muttered Kiyone as she checked her pistol.
    "Well," offered Washu as she continued to check the systems and shut
each
one down, "the ship's detectors haven't found a human yet, so it's hard to
say one way or the other."
    "But how about the radio broadcasts?" pointed out Tenchi.
    Washu flipped a switch and the tiny speakers in the central control
pillar started to hum.
    "That's it?" stated Kiyone, "some humming?"
    "Yes," murmured Washu as she touched her interface screen with dancing
fingers.  "Looks like some kind of binary code.  I can't translate it right
now, but it's not very advanced."  Her fingers twirled over one of the
screens and she smiled at Tenchi, adding, "but not I have a program working
on it."
    "So," asked Mihoshi as she started to undo the buckle of her seat, "do
we
get to go out now?"
    "Wait, what about subspace sources?" remarked Tenchi.
    Washu glared at him and touched her display.  A map appeared to float
before her, showing a sky full of blue dots.
    "The Galactic Union seems to be alive and well," answered Washu as she
gestured towards the blue sparks.
    "Why would you worry about the Union?" stated Kiyone.
    "No reason," babbled Tenchi, "time to go out now?"
    "I don't see why not," replied Washu as she picked up a small survival
kit.
    With a push of a button the door disappeared.
    "All a shore whose going a shore," stated Washu.

    Senior Technician 10101 walked among the buildings of the work station
called Home Town which was also known as 1101 to the machines.  The work
station was a city for the machines, a city of giant steel blocks, buildings
without windows and very few doors.  The city that looked like some God had
spilled children's blocks across the land without any order or design.
    Few of the buildings housed human workers.  Most of the structures held
giant logic circuits, memory spools and repair shops.  All around 10101 were
humming, buzzing, clicking machines.  Small machines who moved about with
legs and wheels, machines who worked within the station, to repair and clean
the bigger machines.  The thinking machines.
    10101 came to the edge of the work station 1101, to one of the gates
that
allowed machines and people in and out of the fence enclosed city.
    An enforcer stepped into his way, the four legs stabbing into the
ground,
the knives on its arms spinning.  Its camera lens focused on him and the
tiny
speaker said, "No."
    10101 gulped and said, "the Director told me to find the unknown object
in the hills."
    The enforcer stood for a few seconds, the knives spinning, as it linked
with the other machines and asked for information.  Suddenly the knives
halted and it stepped out of the way, as the gate rolled out of the way.
    10101 walked out into the open fields beyond the fence, beyond the
direct
control of the machines for the first time he could remember.  He felt a
mixture of illness and foolishness.  He almost slipped to his knees, but
forced himself to stay up and continued to walk towards the hills to the
south of the town.

    "It is UGLY," said Kiyone as she splashed about the muddy field.
    "Not my idea of paradise either," added Tenchi as he tried to turn in
the
circle, trying to see all around.
    The whole valley, if it could be called a valley, was one big farm.
Rice
paddies, corn fields, wheat fields and not much else.  In the bottom of the
valley was a cluster of steel structures accompanied by tall towers,
spinning
spheres and railroad tracks.
    "No trees, not even cherry trees," remarked Mihoshi as she hugged
herself.
    "What are THOSE?" asked Washu as she stepped out of the Jumper.
    Across the valley were rusty colored machines that looked like a fleet
of
small old-fashion ironclad from the 19th century.  Each machine was low and
thin with eight legs that ended in wheeled platforms, platforms that moved
on
the roads between the fields. White steam rolled out of small smokestacks
that came out of the back of the machines like tiny horns, as flexible metal
arms seemed to be picking corn from the rows below its belly, the arms
moving
fast and accurate.
    "Amazing," whispered Mihoshi.
    "That's why the fields look like that," commented Kiyone, "to allow the
farming machines to harvest crops without doing damage to the land!"
    "Steam powered too," stated Washu.
    "How can you tell?" said Tenchi as he stared at the machines who moved
over the fields, thrashing arms working faster than the eyes could see.
    "The amount of steam it's putting out," replied Washu.  "I wonder why
they doesn't use gas engines or energy beamed directly to the machines."
    "Maybe they don't know how?" pointed out Mihoshi.
    "I doubt it," said Washu as she waved her scanner about, "because those
damn things are unmanned.  They're computer controlled."
    "Wow," added Tenchi.  "But where is all the black smoke?  I mean, if
they
are using steam engines."
    "Maybe they keep the ash and store it for something else," explained
Washu.
    "What are those?" asked Mihoshi as she pointed towards the town below,
at
the spinning shiny spheres.
    "Those are big," stated Washu.  "I think they're a type of radar device,
but I don't know why they would be so big."
    "Computer controlled steam powered machines, designed to recycle soot,
directed by really primitive radar stations?"
    "Mihoshi," said Washu with a smile, "you summed it up perfectly."
    "No lake either," said Tenchi.
    "It could have been drained or filled in by the local farmers,"
commented
Washu.
    'So,' thought Tenchi, 'Ryoko and Grandfather could have crash-landed
here.  What happened to them?  It couldn't be that bad, if the Union is
still
around.'
    Washu pointed down towards the buildings.  "My scanner is picking up
human type readings from the structures."
    "Well, at least no dinosaurs are trying to kill us," chuckled Tenchi as
he checked his shoes.  "This IS just mud, right?"
    "Well, we're in Japan," commented Washu as she started to head towards
the buildings.
    "Ewwww," whined Tenchi as he started to run through the mystery
substance, trying to get out of the rice paddy faster.
    "What did she mean?" Kiyone asked Mihoshi.
    "I don't think we want to know," complained Mihoshi as she hurried to
follow Tenchi and Washu.

    10101 had been walking along, watching the road and nothing else.  There
was very little of interest outside the work station besides the machines.
Most of them were working in the fields, planting or harvesting.  Many stood
still, waiting for new orders, having no thoughts of boredom or impatience.
In fact, most of the machines had no thoughts at all when they were still.
As a rule, if a machine was not moving it was not dangerous.
    Not that the farming machines were ever dangerous.  They were blind to
him, using memory to get about the valley, with no sensors available to
detect the real world.  Blind mountains that might still crush you by
accident.  It was the enforcers and battle machines that was dangerous and
even the enforcers were nothing but walking knives, with little authority to
command their own actions or the actions of others.
    "HI!" said a female voice, cheerful and young.
    10101 almost wet himself as his head snapped up and he stared at the 12
year old.  Her redhead was thick and braided, her uniform bright and white
and her dimpled face was clean and smooth.
    "Hello," said the girl, "I'm Washu and this is Tenchi, Mihoshi and
Kiyone."
    10101 stared.  The dark haired boy looked embarrassed and the blonde
woman gave him a wave as she said, "Hello!"
    The dark haired woman's expression seemed wary and hard.  10101 decided
the dark haired one, named Kiyone, was the most dangerous.  Her eyes were
very sharp and her lips thin.  The way she examined him and the surrounding
hills reminded him of some of the attendants assigned to the mines for
crimes
against the machines.
    "Who are you?"
    "I've told you," said the tiny girl with a grin as she pointed to
herself, "I am Washu, the greatest scientific genius in many of the
universes.  I'm VERY old."  She pointed at 10101 and continued, "Who are
you?"
    "I am Senior Technician 10101," whimpered the man as he stared at
Mihoshi.  She seemed to glow, so happy and bright.

    Tenchi give the Senior Technician a once over as Washu said, "But WHAT
is
your name?"
    The Technician looked out of shape.  He was slender, yet had the
beginning of a gut.  Either the rest of his body was very thin from lack of
food or he was getting a gut from a lack of activity.  His black hair was
cut
very short, almost spiky and his face was thin, worn down, maybe by years of
worry or hard labor.  He was wearing an orange suit, which covered him from
neck to ankles, with a matching pair of rubber work boots.  It made him look
like an underweight firefighter or astronaut.
    "10101," replied the man as he just seemed to stare at Mihoshi.
    "10101?" repeated Washu, looking confused.
    "Why are you looking at me?" asked Mihoshi as she leaned towards the
man,
looking slightly worried.
    "Are the machines harmless?" required Kiyone, as she stared at the
nearest steam powered mountain of metal.
    "Are you OK?" demanded Tenchi as he watched 10101 sway and twitch.
    10101 fainted, slamming into the rock hard surface of the maintenance
road.

    The Director turned on a radio tower near the great bridge between
Shikoku and the mainland.  The radio transmitter locked onto the approaching
battle machine and logged into its CPU.
     <REPORT.>
    <Tactical Land Unit 1001.  Speed at full.  ETA at target area: 0.34
hour.>
    <BRIDGE DEFENSES ARE TURNED OFF.>
    The Director turned off the radio tower like a child might turn off a
light.  The battle machine rushed over the road surface at a truly insane
speed, using both memory and active sensors to keep on track.  Its huge
wheels crushed rocks and tossed clouds of dust into the air, as weapons were
checked and rechecked.  At over hundred and fifty tons it was a mountain of
metal.  A small mountain, but a mountain needlessly.

    "Well," said Washu as she glanced at the tiny flashing display on her
scanner, "he is a member of the race you folks like to call homo sapiens."
    "Will the medicine you injected into him help?" asked Mihoshi as she
tried to cradle 10101's head in her lap.
    Kiyone frowned and said, "Who cares.  We've got to get out of here."
    Tenchi glared at Kiyone and said, "How can you say that!  He hurt
himself
and we have to stay and make sure he is OK."
    Kiyone gave a snort and gestured towards the buildings, "and when the
town's people come and find out he is hurt and we are standing about him,
they're going to be less than happy."
    Mihoshi looked up at Tenchi, "She's right.  What do we do?"
    "Calm down," remarked Washu as she stood up straight.  "He's going to be
fine. It was interesting, he almost acted like he was suffering from
overload."
    "Like a robot?" asked Tenchi as he stared down at 10101, "I thought you
said he was human?"
    "Yes," stated Washu, "but that does not give me a clue to his upbringing
or how he reacts to strange stimuli."
    "He's never seen a blonde?" demanded Kiyone as she pointed to Mihoshi.
    "I am sure he HAS," snapped Washu, "but something shocked him.  Maybe
our
clothes or how we greeted him."
    "He does look very ill," pointed out Mihoshi, "as if he has been badly
treated."
    "Look at his hands," said Washu as she looked about, scanning the
landscape.  "Scars, mostly from cuts or burns.  I think he works with
machinery."
    "He did say he was a Technician of come kind," commented Kiyone.
    "What is he doing out here?" asked Tenchi, "I mean, he can't be just be
out here for his health.  I don't picture him walking or jogging during his
days off.  Not in that outfit anyway."
    "Not much to see either," joked Kiyone as she glanced about the
overworked fields of black mud and brown dirt.
    Mihoshi examined the orange suit and fingered one of the sleeves.
"Looks
machine made.  Some kind of soft plastic.  A few pockets."
    "Soft plastic?" commented Tenchi.
    "Well," stated Washu as she slipped the scanner back into the kit, "we
might have to carry back down to his city."
    "We'll be hung!" whimpered Tenchi.
    "This is not the American Wild West," said Mihoshi, "and if he don't
help
him get back to his people, who knows how long he might be out here before
they notice he is missing."
    "Right," sighed Tenchi as Kiyone and Mihoshi lifted 10101 by his suit
and
started to follow Washu down the road.
    "I forgot we're in Japan," added Tenchi as he also started to follow,
"they won't hang us.  They'll cut us up into tiny pieces with long swords."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------Tenchi Muyo! and related characters are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  All other worlds and characters are mine.
