Tenchi Muyo!
No Need for America!
A fanfic by Oscar Ramos, J.r.



Disclaimer:
I do not own any of these characters, AIC and Pioneer do, so don't 
press a lawsuit, because I'm too poor to pay attention.

Chapter One

	The Masaki residence had emptied out gradually over the years 
following Kagato's death, and all that remained were Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Washu. The other girls had gone about their business.
	Aeka had gone back to Jurai to claim the throne, succeeding her 
father. Sasami, who dearly loved the Earth, moved into a neighboring 
town of the countryside that the Masakis called home.
	Kyone and Mihoshi went back to Galaxy Police headquarters. They 
were welcomed warmly by their peers and superiors. A promotion and 
raises were gifts for helping to defeat the evil tyrant.
	"Tenchi!" came a whining voice from the house, "Tenchi, where are 
you?" It belonged to Ryoko, who had finally won our hero's heart. Aeka 
had realized it after their brief outing that night, but she couldn't 
bring herself to accept it for the longest time. She had moved on, 
though, married a valiant Jurain Knight, and is Queen of Jurai.
	"Tenchi!!!" she wailed as she sat, looking pathetic. She had 
found the door that held her love and was clawing at it, as she had 
done so many times before. Inside.
	Tenchi looked at his father, Noboyuki, in disbelief. The idea was 
totally absurd.
	"Father, how can you ask me this?! I have no say in what goes on 
here." said a rather disgruntled and sleepy Tenchi.
	"I know that you think it may be a little outrageous, but." he 
was cut of by his son.
	" 'But' nothing, Dad! I don't see why you want to do this. It's 
totally, absolutely, and positively inconceivable."
	"It'll make me more money, Tenchi. You know our funds are 
slipping, and it won't be long before we go broke. Please, go ask the 
girls."
	"Alright, Father. I'll go ask them, but what about Grandfather? 
What does he think of the whole thing?" he interrogated his father very 
carefully, looking for any loopholes or "leaks in the wall," so to 
speak.
	"Oh, he's looking very forward to starting a Shinto shrine in 
America."
	With that, Tenchi slid the door open to have Ryoko fall on top of 
him.
	"Oh, Tenchi! I've been looking all over for you! How come you 
took so long to answer me?" she cried, biting her top lip, tears 
forming in her eyes.
	"Come downstairs, and bring Washu. I need to talk to you both."
	All three of them were down in the living room. Washu was dressed 
in her pink pajamas, her hair up in the "crab" style. Ryoko was wearing 
her favorite dress, the blue and yellow one with the tail on it. They 
both sensed the troubled tone in Tenchi Masaki's voice.
	"I. um, that is Father. uh." he trailed off, trying to think of 
how to start with the news.
	Mother, he seems tense. What do you suppose could be troubling 
him? Ryoko sent a message through her mind to her maternal figure.
	I'm not sure, but it seems to have him pretty nervous. It seems 
that Honorable Father Noboyuki has told him something very upsetting. , 
came the super-genius's answer. She stared hard at the young man, 
trying to figure out what he was having so much trouble with, until she 
finally got annoyed.
	"Spit it OUT, already!" she shouted. Tenchi got "the sweat drop" 
on his head as he reacted to the redhead's temper.
	"Father wants us all to move to America, because he has the 
chance to get transferred there, and it would make him more money. He 
told me that he wouldn't go without us, and he had a look of deep 
concern and plead. I told him that I didn't mind, as long as you two 
went." he put an emphasis on the you, looking straight at his once-
admirer-now-girlfriend, blushing when he noticed that she was staring 
back.
	"Oh, I'd go anywhere with you, my Tenchi! I'd go to the stars and 
beyond. oh wait, I've done it already. how many times." she started to 
point to her fingers and count softly, taking off her socks so that she 
could also utilize her toes.
	"I don't see why not," Washu said, shrugging her shoulders, "it 
would help with my research, and I guess." she saw the look in Tenchi's 
eyes, ". I guess. I could. maybe. squeeze in a little fun. here and. 
there."
	"Thank you, girls." he said softly, and then jumped up, raising 
his fist in the air, startling both the girls. "Father will be so 
happy! I'd better go tell him!" he ran off upstairs, excited at the 
fact that, more than his father's happiness, his sweetheart's consent.
	"Miya," came a soft sound from around the kitchen doorway. A 
small animal came across the floor. It looked like a cross between an 
earth cat and an earth rabbit.
	"Ryo-Ohki! Oh, baby, I forgot about you!" Ryoko ran to the cabbit 
and hugged him close. The small animal was devastated by Sasami's 
leaving, and Ryoko had been giving her all the attention she could. She 
hopped up on Ryoko's head, meowing happily. "Do you want to go to 
America?"
	"Miya!" cried the small cabbit, obviously loving the idea. He 
hopped down and ran to his room, seemingly to go pack. She came back a 
few moments later with a basket full of carrots.
	"Oh, sweetheart," the ex-pirate went over to the organic 
spaceship, "you can't take all those with you. They won't fit on the 
plane." Washu stared at her daughter, struggling not to laugh at her 
offspring's recently acquired maternal actions.
	She seems so much like a mother to little Ryo-Ohki, and why 
shouldn't she? She's had no one to care about, or who cares about her, 
until that night, two years ago, thought the scientist, She reminds me 
of myself, when I had a child. It's a good thing that she will never 
have to go through to pain that I did.
	Ryoko sat in her room, looking at all the drawers and closets. 
She was having a hard time deciding what to pack. Suddenly, there was a 
knock at the door. She made a sign for the visitor to come in.
	"Ryoko?" came a familiar voice.
	"Tenchi?"
	"What are you doing?"
	"I'm packing for the trip to America, Silly." she told him, 
pushing his chest with her finger. "I'm just having a little trouble 
deciding what to take."
	"Well, you'll have a lot of time to think, because we're not 
leaving for a few months. Father said that we have to learn how to 
speak English before we can really move." This answer seemed to hurt 
her, and Tenchi felt a tug at his heart. Oh, man, I'd better tell her 
something to cheer her up. "Say, why don't we go catch a movie 
together?"
	Ryoko's eyes lit up instantly. "Really? Ok, there's this one that 
I wanted to see real bad!" She jumped of the bed, and, grabbing 
Tenchi's wrist, dragged him into the wall. Her head appeared from the 
other side. "Oops, sorry! Forgot you couldn't faze through solid 
objects. Now hurry, or we'll miss it!"
	As soon as Tenchi was out of the bedroom, she grabbed his wrist 
again and teleported to the theatre. He started to dig through his 
pockets.
	"Geez, Ryoko, you could've at least let me get my wallet." came 
his half-hearted angry remark. He should've known better. His prot‚g‚ 
had always had a problem of getting ahead of herself and everyone else.
	"I'm sorry." the look she gave him pierced his heart for the 
second time that day, "I was just so excited about the movie." She 
looked as though she was about to cry.
	He kissed her forehead and rubbed his hand through her cyan-
colored hair. "It's ok, you can just teleport back home and grab it for 
me. It's on my dresser." She looked up at him, her eyes sparkling. She 
does that to me all the time, he said to himself, and it drives me 
crazy. He waited for a few minutes after she had disappeared. She came 
back, wallet in hand.
	Despite his trust in her, he couldn't shake the habit of checking 
to make sure that all his money was in there. Before his date could 
notice, he had finished counting and was pulling out the money needed 
to buy tickets.
	"Hello, welcome to Hitashi Theatre, can I help you?" the woman at 
the box office greeted them with a smile.
	"Two, please." She handed him the tickets, and he gave one to 
Ryoko. They went inside the lobby.
	"Tenchi, I want some popcorn! A trip to the movies isn't complete 
without popcorn!" Before he could answer, she was already dragging him 
to the concession stand. He bought the popcorn and some drinks, all the 
while telling Ryoko that she was going to make him broke.
	"Ha ha ha. you're silly!" she said, poking his nose with her left 
forefinger. She kissed the tip of his nose and dashed off to the ticket 
taker.
	He trailed her, handing the ticket to the young boy at the stand. 
He didn't bother to take the stub.
	Diving into the dark theatre, he saw a slender hand waving at 
him. He knew who it was by the sparkle of the gem on her wrist. When he 
got to the aisle she was in, she motioned for him to sit in the seat 
she had saved for him. He obediently sat in the chair, taken aback by 
the way it reclined. He looked back, embarrassed, to make sure that he 
hadn't hit anybody.
	"Are you ok? You didn't hurt yourself, did you?" he could sense 
the worry in Ryoko's voice.
	"Yeah. I just haven't been to this theatre. I usually go to the 
one downtown. The seats stay stationary there." He pulled himself up 
and placed his back carefully on that of the chair. He felt a warm 
sensation coming over his hand.
	When he turned, he saw his love's hand wrapped around his own. 
She really does love me, he said to no one, Even if it's just us two, 
she makes every moment together last. I guess that's why I chose her.
	Just as he said that, Aeka flashed through his mind. He 
remembered the look on her face when he had told her. She about broke 
in two. He could literally see her cracking like glass. After she had 
thoroughly soaked up the information, she swept herself up and walked 
out without a word. As he had walked past her room, he could hear sobs.
	He snapped back to reality when he heard Ryoko calling to him.
	"Tenchi, you're going to miss the previews! They're the best part 
of the movie. Besides, what if we want to do this again sometime?"
	"Oh, I'm sorry, Ryoko. I was just thinking of how things might 
have been without you. Or any of the rest of you girls for that matter. 
I thought that I had a good life, but I never really knew how boring it 
was." He felt her lips on his cheek.
	"That's sweet." she purred softly into his ear. Then she flung 
herself back into her seat and started to inhale the popcorn. Two 
minutes later, she was asking for more. Tenchi looked at the empty bag 
in wonder.
	Where does she keep it all?
	Back at the house, Washu had already mastered the English 
language. It was simple. All she had to do was assimilate the data 
directly into her memory. The whole process took about three minutes.
	Yosho, or Katsuhito (he preferred his Earthen name), was sitting 
on the sofa, watching a video on how to speak proper English. He 
stumbled a couple times, but the tape was very helpful. He now had an 
English vocabulary of 300+ words.
	Noboyuki was also training in the ways of the Americans. He 
trounced out of his room to showcase his new "American" outfit to his 
father. Katsuhito nearly had a heart attack when he saw his only son.
	Noboyuki was dressed in a tie-dye shirt, a brown leather 
headband, bell-bottom jeans, and had pony-beads and peace sign 
necklaces around his neck. His eyes were hidden from view by a pair of 
sunglasses.
	"So, Father," he smiled and said proudly, "what do you think of 
my new wardrobe?"
	"I believe it would be rather fitting for over there," his son 
smiled wider, "if it were thirty years ago."
	The second-oldest generation of the Masaki family hung his head, 
feeling put down by his father's words. He hoped that his son was doing 
better than he was.
	"Oh, Tenchi, that was fun!" Ryoko flew into Tenchi's waiting 
arms. He spun her around a few times and put her back down. It was 
still midday, and neither of them wanted to go home.
	"So, what do you want to do now? We could go to the ice cream 
parlor, or maybe down to the docks." he was cut short by Ryoko's 
finger, which was placed upon his lips.
	"I have a better idea." she smiled fiendishly, as she had a habit 
of doing when she was planning something, "Your grandfather did say he 
wanted us to learn English, right?" Tenchi nodded in agreement. 
"Sooooo. I thought that we could go do some karaoke!" She bounced up 
and down like a child who was just told that she could pick up any one 
bag of candy she could want in the whole store.
	"Alright, let's go. But I don't see how this will help us learn 
English." Tenchi said, confused.
	"You'll see." she trailed off, leaving a shroud of mystery in her 
wake.
	As they entered the music store, they were greeted by a friendly 
wave. Ryoko gave an enthusiastic wave back and kindly asked that the 
karaoke room be set up with the best English songs in the store.
	"Tenchi, pay the lady." Before he could object, she was already 
halfway there.
	As they sat in the booth, the couple was given a list of songs. 
Ryoko was bending over with her face to the screen, scrolling down with 
her fingers. When she stood back up, she slammed a microphone into 
Tenchi's hand and told him to brace himself. The song started, five 
minutes later, they were waiting for their score. The counter showed: 
18/100.
	"Ooh, why those cheating." the feminine persuasion of them was 
getting angry, veins showing in her forehead. Her escort was trying to 
calm him down.
	"Aah, Ryoko, watch what you're doing! Remember, this is only our 
first time! Please don't." before he could finish, the small booth blew 
up in a fiery cloud of electronics and wood.
	"Sorry about that." Tenchi said shyly to the girl at the counter, 
"If you want to, you can bill it to my dad, Noboyuki Masaki. He'll kill 
me for it, though. Tell him I'll pay him back in full from what was 
left after I finished college."
	"Oh, don't worry about it," the clerk said, "It's not the first 
time someone has blown that up because of their score! And, believe me, 
it won't be the last!" With a smile on her face, she politely waved 
them off. "By the way, sir, your hair is on fire!" she called out to 
him.
	Tenchi looked up, and, sure enough, his hair was on fire. He 
began to run around until he felt no solid ground under his feet. He 
glanced downward and found that he had run over the fountain's ledge at 
the middle of the shopping plaza. He turned his head back up, a sweat 
drop forming, shrugged his shoulders, and fell in.
	"Well, I see your finally back, Tenchi." Katsuhito sniffed the 
air as his grandson stepped into the room, "Do you smell something 
burning?"
	"That's my hair, Grandpa. Ryoko blew up the karaoke booth, 
again." he explained with a hint of exhaustion in his voice. "I tried 
to get her to stop, but she wouldn't listen. It's a good thing that I'm 
used to this, or I'd be staying home. I'm going to bed now."
	"But it's only five-thirty. You still haven't eaten dinner. Come 
down and share a night with your family." came that serene voice, the 
voice of an experienced warrior.
	Washu was already at the table when the pair came downstairs. She 
had changed dramatically over the years, too. She found herself 
spending more time out of the lab and more time with the Masakis. She 
hadn't really noticed her growing attraction, but she, like her 
daughter, had found people that care for her, and whom she cared about.
	Dinner was a noisy one, with talk about the days of each 
individual. There was a great deal of laughter about Tenchi and Ryoko's 
date, especially the part about the karaoke. Tenchi was the only one 
not laughing at that.
	The rest of the night afterwards was spent watching videos and 
movies from America, and everyone favored the one cartoon about this 
boy and five girls, all trying to win his heart.
