Disclaimer: I don't own any...not even one.....of these characters,  I'm 
only a little person with a fantasy!  Please don't sue me or shoot me or 
do something mean!  I repeat these characters are not of my property!






~NO NEED FOR ZERO~

Chapter One~Zero's Return

	"Ryoko! Get your paws off Lord Tenchi, you...you devil woman!" 
screamed Ayeka.
	"Devil woman, now that wasn't very nice princess." Ryoko replied, 
"your just jealous that Tenchi was ment to be with me instead of you!"
	"OOH! That is it!" screamed Ayeka as her mini logs appeared above 
her head, "Now you must die Ryoko!"
	"Ha try me!" 
	"Oh no,"said Sasami. Sweat drops appeared on everyones head as 
there daily routine started up.
	"Well might as well eat breakfast!" said Washu......

~That Night~

	"That Ayeka," Ryoko sighed, "she always has to get in the way.  If 
only Tenchi knew how i really felt... *sigh*"  She fell asleep thinking 
of her and Tenchi together......

~The Next  Morning~

	"Good morning Sasami, and Lady Ayeka.  Has anyone seen Ryoko this 
morning?"  asked Tenchi.  
	Ayeka, hurt by the question, replied "She probably admitted defeat 
to me and was afraid to show her face....WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO SEE THAT 
DEVIL WOMAN ANYWAY!!!!"
	"Now Ayeka...." started Tenchi.
	"Good Morning....hehehe" giggled Ryoko as she walked down the 
stairs wearing a beautiful pink and red kimono with her hair  down.
	"OH! Go..od....Mor...or...ni...ing!" stampered Tenchi.  Ryoko  
blushed a deep scarlet and  giggled.
	Seeing Tenchi's face Ayeka screamed' "OOH!"
	"Oh, I'm so rude," said Ryoko  looking embarrassed as she went 
around and hugged  everyone at the table...including Ayeka," Good 
Morning Ayeka, Sasami, and everyone else!" Huge  sweatdrops appearedd on 
everyone's head. "Oh, Sasami, I can't wait to try your delishess 
breakfast you've cooked this morning." Sasami, looked very happt, ran 
off to get the meal.Ayeka thinking Ryoko's kindness was a trick to sneak 
Tenchi's attention behind her back started to yell, 
	" What is going on!" You,  you are a monster and a fake! Well  
your tricks won't fool me and they won't fool Lord Tenchi!" Ryoko, 
totally hurt by Ayeka ran off and phased out, crying uncontrolablly.
	"What's wrong with Ryoko, she usually fights back" questioned 
Mihoshi.  Tenchi looking very angry yelled,
	"Ayeka, Ryoko was only trying to be nice and you had no right to 
yell at her like that!  I thought you being a princess would repsect 
that!"  Ayeka, looking totally stunned, just stood in place as Tenchi 
ran oof to try to find Ryoko.
	"Ryoko! Ryoko!" he called.  He thought he heard some crying over 
in the trees. (I wonder whats wrong with Ryoko, she's never sensitive, 
it's almost like she's....changed...) "Whats wrong?"he called up to her 
in her favorite tree.
	Ryoko crying said "Why does Ayeka hate me, I only tried to say 
hello, and....WAHHHHHHH"   Tenchi  felt drops of water as Ryoko cried 
continually.
	"You know Ayeka doesn't hate you, she's just not used to  you 
hugging her...actually we all are." replied Tenchi.  Ryoko started to 
cry enev harder.
	"nobody likes me, I'll I ever wanted was to love you Tenchi," She 
looked at him with her big sad cyan eyes.  A big sweatdrop appearred on  
Tenchi's head.
	"uh...well...the others are worried about you, come back to 
breakfast." said tenchi surprised and embarrassed.
	"But everyone will yell at me."  replied Ryoko.
	"I promise they won't" So with that Ryoko climed down the tree and 
agreed to come back.  Another sweatdrop appeared on Tenchi's head as she 
thanked and hugged him.

Chapter 2~Washu's Discovery

Back at breakfast, everyone ate in silence because the usual was not 
starting, consideringAyeka was upstairs in her room.  After breakfast 
Ryoko offered to help Sasami with the dishes.  But when Ryo-Ohki waddled 
into the kitchen, looking for carrots, she started to growl and hiss at 
Ryoko.
	"Ryo-Ohki stop it!" Sasami exclamed, "It's only Ryoko." Ryoko 
looks confused and looks around.  Ryo-Ohki looking stunned and confused 
still stays away cautiously but stops growling.  After Ryoko was done 
with the dishes, she left to watch Tenchi practice at the shrine.
	
	"Concentrate Tenchi!" yells Yosho.  Tenchi looking fierce, jumps 
just in time to block his grandfather's attack.  But unfortunatly missed 
his jump.
	"WAH!"
	"Oh! Tenchi are you okay? You must've hurt yourself, don't try to 
move!" cried Ryoko, as Tenchi looked embarrassed with a sweatdrop on his 
head.
	"That is enough for today Tenchi" winked his grandfather. Ryoko 
giggles.
	"I made lunch for you today Tenchi," blushes Ryoko, "can I join 
you as you eat it?
	"UH...uh..ok." he replies nervously.   (something is up with 
Ryoko, she worried about me when i fal, which  she's seen me do all the 
time, she made me lunch, offered to help with the dishes 
and....she...blushes! Now is the perfect time to ask her.) 
"Um...well...why...uh..." he started
	"hehehe, yes?" giggles Ryoko.
	"Tenchi! Go harvest the garden for carrots! Ryo-Ohki ate them all 
already!" called Niboyuki from the house.
	"Oh! Ryo-Ohki, I almost forgot!" clamied ryoko right before she 
phased out.
	"Ryoko wait...ugh" He said disappointly.   (I'll ask Washu 
later..she'll know.)

~Back At The House~

	"Ryo-Ohki....Ryo-Ohki....there  you are!"  said Ryoko.
	"Mrow?" cried Ryo-Ohki.
	"Look what I made for you,  you cute little cabbit!  I pretty pink 
dress!"
	"MROW!!!!" she crys as she runs and hides.
	"I wonder whats wrong.......?" Ryoko says
	"Ryoko, could you tell everyone it's time for dinner?" asks 
Sasami. Ryoko looks confused and asks her,
	"HUH?  Are you talking to me?"
	"Of course I am silly, who else whould i be talking to?"
	"Well i..."
	"Hurry now."  So Ryoko goes around the house looking for everyone.  
(Why does everyone keep calling me Ryoko.....?  Well anyway lets 
see....i have to tell.....Mihoshi, Niboyuki, Yosho, Washu, Kiyone, 
Ayeka, and Tenchi, while she blushes at the thought of him)   She 
giggles.
	"Mihoshi, Kiyone dinner is ready soon!" she calls to them in their 
room, "Here's Tenchi's dad's room....Niboyuki dinner will be ready soon,  
ugh, I hope Ayeka doesn't yell at me.  I'll just knock and  call to her.  
Ayeka dinner will be ready soon."  There's no answer.  "Well now for 
Tenchi," as she stops and pictures him in the field. "hehehe!  Yosho 
dinner is ready soon.....where is Tenchi?" she asks.
	"He went to go talk to Washu." he answers.
	"Oh!  Well I have to tell her anyway."  So she heads toward 
Washu's lab.

~Washu's Lab~

	"Little Washu....little Washu....?" Tenchi's calls.
	"Oh  come in Tenchi, I was just going to call for you for an 
experiment....hehe" she answers.
	"Uh...um...well I came to ask you a question Little Washu."
	"Washu?  Is Tenchi  in there?" calls Ryoko through the door, "Oh! 
Hi tenchi, Washu.....Sasami told me to tell you that dinner will be 
ready soon." Ryoko blushes, and giggles.
	"Thank you, we're coming down now." said Washu.
	"But Washu...I was..."Tenchi started.
	"After dinner Tenchi."  Washu replies.  Ryoko giggles and runs off 
towards the dinner table.
	Tonight at dinner Ayeka did manage to show but did not say 
anything to anyone.  It seemed that Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko....with the 
exception of a blush and giggle whenever she looked at Tenchi, were 
silent.

~After Dinner~

	"Little Washu can I talk to you after I clean up?" asked Tenchi
	"Of course Tenchi, after all I  am the greatest scientist in the 
world....hehe"  Then Washu's dolls popped up, "Washu, you're the number 
one genuis in the universe.  Hurray for Washu!" they chanted.
	"Um...excuse me, but did anyone see where Ryoko went?  She left 
quickly right after dinner."  asked Sasami.  Everyone shook their heads.
	"Come in my lab Tenchi." demanded Washu.  Tenchi never really 
liked being in Washu's lab, from the fear of being experimented on.  "So 
what did you want to talk about......hmmm...let me guess... is it about 
the sudden change in Ryoko's behavior??"  she guesses.
	"But how did you...i mean..." he stutters.
	"Well i am the greatest scientist in the galaxy!"
	"Hurray for Washu!  You're a genius Washu!  YAAA!"  Washu laughs.
	"I've noticed the sudden change also myself...so  I started to run 
tests on her by using my new invention......The ESP 3000!!  It can tell 
me about peoples feelings and behaviors!"
	"Oh no...."
	"I can see you are a little nervous...hahaha.  Any way, The reason 
why Ryoko is acting so different so  suddenly, is because it's not 
Ryoko."
	"HUH?!?!?!?"
	"It's Zero!  Remember when I unleased Zero from Dr. Clay  and 
combined her with Ryoko so she could live?  Well, you remember how she 
was right?"  Tenchi blushes. 
	"But is Zero taking over Ryoko?"
	"I studied that specific question also!  It seems that Ryoko feels 
that she needs to give out some important information or let something 
out, but she can't seem to get it out.  This emotion triggered Zero's 
unit in her mind and caused Zero to appear instead of Ryoko.  Now Zero 
doesn't have any clue that we all think  she's Ryoko instead of Zero.  
But she has all of Ryoko's and her own memories in her mind."
	"But what was so importnat that unleased Zero?"
	"Well has she told you anything that surprised you or was 
shocking?"
	"Well....uh...maybe.."
	"And she said what Tenchi...if you don't tell me I can still find 
out using my new invention...hehehe"
	"She told me when she got upset this morning that 
she.....uh......loved me"
	"Ah ha!!!!  And that surprised you?"
	"Well I always thought she was either just trying to  make Ayeka 
jealous or she really likes me when she would....you know...." He 
blushes
	"oOo,  Tenchi you know she isn't going to return into Ryoko until 
her message or plan  is completed."
	"But what  does that have to do with me?!?!"
	"You must tell her how you feel!"  Big sweatdrop appears on 
Tenchi's head. "Can i ask you something...remember my 
invention.....hehehe"
	"Ok..."
	"Have you...let's say....enjoyed the change in Ryoko...I mean to 
you like it?"
	"Well ya...I guess....She's still beautiful, but she's nice and 
caring now."
	"You know that is the real Ryoko."
	"what?"
	"Yes, Zero is the REAL Ryoko, the reason why she acts tough and 
sometimes  rude is that she is afraid that  if she was kind and caring, 
you wouldn't like her."
	"Oh."
	"I think that's it for this conversation!"
	"But I...I mean I'm....uh....but...."
	"That's all I can  help you with.  Good night Tenchi." With that 
Tenchi was phased to the outside of Washu's lab, confused and all. (What 
do I do?!?!  Washu says Ryoko is Zero, and she is here for a reason...I 
must tell her how i feel....ugh!  I wanted everything to be so easy.  
But with a house of 6 girls i guess this should of been  expected.)  
*sigh* (Might as well think over this and do something in the morning.)  
So with Ryoko/Zero on his mind he walks upstairs to his room to find his 
door cracked open, and inside he can hear a beautiful  voice seeing a 
melody.  
	"Ryoko?  I  mean Zero?  What  are you doing here?"
	"AH! Tenchi I'm...I'm...so...sorry for coming into your room.  
I'll leave now!"  She blushes with embarrassment and quickly starts to 
leave when she stops and thinks, "That was the fisrt time I've heard you 
say my name." She smiles and blushes. "Good night Tenchi." She leaves 
the room.
	(*sigh* What I'm I going to do tomorrow!  I mean I know I do like 
Ryoko like this, but I do miss the other Ryoko too.  But what Washu said 
was that this IS the REAL  Ryoko......) With that on his mind he gets 
ready for bed, when he sees Zero singing and dancing to herself outside 
in the  trees.  *sigh*

Chapter 3~Spring Celebration

	^^^You must tell her how you feel......this is the real 
Ryoko.......You ...you....devil woman!......now that wasn't very 
nice......Tenchi......all I ever wanted was to love you Tenchi...love 
you Tenchi...love you Tenchi....Tenchi....Tenchi^^^
	"Tenchi....tenchi......Tenchi!"
	"WHA!!!"
	"Hehehe I'm really sorry for waking you up but breakfast is 
ready!"
	"Oh thank you, Sasami."  (It was only a dream!  Man this Zero 
thing is getting to me.  I wonder if she's still Zero....)  "Might as 
well go  to breakfast."  So  Tenchi heads downstairs preparing himself 
for todays events. "Good morning everyone." Zero is at the table, with 
another kimono but this one green and purple, and blushes at the sight 
of Tenchi.  (yup, she's still Zero)
	"Good morning Lord Tenchi." says Ayeka, "Sasami what is for 
breakfast this morning?"
	"Well If I told you then it would ruin the surprise hehehe."
	"Tenchi today we will start your training early." said Yosho.
	"But why grandfather?"
	"Well today is the coming of spring celebration.  Did you forget?" 
(OH!  I totally forgot with the Zero thing on  my mind......Thats it!!!)
	"No father I remembered."
	"I'm going to make the best celebration food I've done yet!"said 
Sasami
	"I'll bring the lights and silverware."
	"I'll bring music and plates."
	"I'll bring the bunnies."  Sweatdrops appear on everyones head.
	"Ugh.  Mihoshi this is a celebration, not a pet fair!"  While 
everyone was disgussing the celebration, Zero snuck out to write a note 
to Tenchi, and decide what she would do for the celebration.
	"Has anyone seen Ryoko?  She keeps disappearing on us." Everyone 
says no. "Oh well"
	"Tenchi  are you ready for your trainging?"
	"Yes grandfather."   SO Tenchi  and Yosho left for the shrine.  
Then  Mihoshi and Kiyone left to get plates and silverware, Sasami got 
ready to start cooking for the party, and Ayeka left to go plan for the 
party.
	"I must take advantage of this celebration for me and Tenchi.  
With Ryoko out of the way with her odd behavior, this is the perfect 
time for Tenchi to confess his love for me!  So  how should I plan 
this....hm....." Meanwhile in the tree grove....
	"*sigh* I totally forgot about the celebration tonight.  I hope 
Tenchi asks me to dance with him.  It will be so romantic.  I'll wear my 
white dress, and my white shoes, and with this letter he'll  know where 
to meet me!"  she giggles.  
	After Tenchi  was done with his training he headed towards his 
room to  shower and get ready for the celebration.  
	"Hm...a letter?  Who is it from?" he claimed.  It read.....

Dear Tenchi,
Before the Spring Celebration I was wondering if you would like to meet 
me in front of the tree grove.  I would like to talk to you about 
something.  If you don't want to you don't have to.  I hope you will.  
With Love~ Zero

	"Meet her?  Talk about something?  Maybe I should tell her then"  
He then headed toward the shower to thik  about what he should do about 
the celebration.
	~Outside The Tree Grove~

	"I hope Tenchi  comes.  I  will never get over this if he 
doesn't."  She starts to cry.  But to get it off her mind she starts 
singing again.
	"Zero?"
	"OH! Tenchi." she blushes.
	"You wanted to meet here right?"
	"Yes.  Thank you for coming."
	"Before we talk can I ask you something...?"
	"Uh huh."
	"That song you were singing...it sounds familiar...what is it?"
	"O....oh!  You heard me?  I don't know what it is.....It seems 
like a memory to me. But when I sing I......wel....it reminds me of 
you....I sing it when I feel  lonly." she looks away embarrassed.
	"Ryoko....Zero you don't have to be embarrassed, and you don't 
have act a certain way around me.....I...I like you the way you 
are....you...and Ryoko."
	"Really?"  All of a sudden a bright flash shown and Ryoko stood 
where Zero just was. 
	"Ryoko?"
	"Yes Tenchi.  I was always tricking you and picking on because I 
was never taught about love, and didn't want to say anything to hurt any 
one....you.  I was afraid of that if I told you I loved you,  you 
wouldn't talk to me."
	"No, Ryoko.....I think....well....I think I love you too!"
	"You do?!?!"
	"Ryoko, I know you're not going to like this but...I talked to 
Washu and she told me about this...about how Zero is the Real you!  And 
I ralized that I do love you and no matter how you act...you are you!
	"Oh Tenchi!  You don't know how long I've waited to hear that!"  
So with that they realized they loved each other, and Zero and Ryoko 
both became one mentally finally.

~At The Celebration~

	"Where is Tenchi and Ryoko!" claimed Ayeka.   ( She better not 
have seduced him or hurt him anyway!)  As if they heard her question, 
Tenchi and Ryoko came out of the trees, holding hands and smiling at 
each other.  (Oh no...I'm too late....But somehow in my heart I knew 
this was going to happen...Tenchi has made his choice.)
	"Tenchi! Ryoko! There you are I didn't let anyone eat until  you 
came!" said Sasami.
	"Tenchi," Ayeka said to him quietly," I just  want you to know 
that I am happy for you that you have chosen Ryoko, and I wish  you 
happy times. But can I ask you a favor?"
	"Anything, Ayeka."
	"May Sasami and I stay here with you on earth?  I don't like the 
royal life and Earth is so peaceful.  We would continue our chores and 
help as much as we can to help around."
	"Of course Ayeka.  I would never throw you out."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	Now you don't really expect that these two lovers had a quiet and 
peaceful life now did you?  Nope! But I am writing more fan fics about 
there life together in the future!  So  how did you like it?  I am 
obviously a "Tenchi and Ryoko Forever" believer.  This was my first fan 
fic story I've written!! Tell me how you like it by e-mailing me @  
shorton86@hotmail.com
~Thanks For Reading~
	


	 	 
