Down in the depths of a well-lit cavern young man
sits in a leather chair as he types happily.  Ryoko
phases through the door and stealthy approaches this
hapless person 18 years, almost seven feet tall, black
hair, tri color eyes (hazel, green, and brown.),
weighing about 250 pounds. He pops in a crazy town
CD in his comp and turns the player program to
number 2 {Toxic}.  Ryoko pounces on this poor guy
and squeezes him in a bear hug.

	Daniel: I can’t breathe... Ryoko let me go!

	Ryoko:  Sorry, I'm just happy that you
actually let some feelings develop between Tenchi
and I instead of skipping to some raunchy lemon!

	Daniel: [Pries Ryoko’s arms off] Hey, what
can I say.  I know he has some deep affection going
for you two...  Ryoko where is Ayeka?

A knock on his door sounds and Ayeka slowly enters.

	Ayeka: Daniel, I must thank you for putting
in the effort by letting chemistry develop between
Tenchi and I.  It’s much better that you...

	Daniel:  Ayeka, I have a talent to write and
it wants to be used.  You girls get ready, this episode
will great!

	Tenchi: [Opens the door and walks in.]
Daniel, dude we have to talk.

	Daniel:  Hurry.

	Tenchi:  This bit has been done, remember
the Tenchi Galaxy episode with Nagi?

	Daniel:  SHH!  Just do it besides this is my
fic, it will be different and I wouldn’t do anything to
hurt you, also this is a lot more different from the
Nagi episode.  Ryoko and Ayeka would skin me alive
if you got a bruise!


Episode #2: We need to save Tenchi! Part 1


Tenchi wakes up screaming from all that he just saw.
It wasn’t a dream; it felt too real.  Shuddering from
what may very well be the near future he had to make
sure everyone was fine.

	Tenchi:  Ryoko!  Ayeka!

In a matter of milliseconds Ryoko and Ayeka burst
into his room.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi, are you all right?

	Ayeka:  Tenchi what’s the matter?

Tenchi leaps up from his bed and wraps his arms
around them.  This was completely unlike Tenchi,
but they liked it very much.

	Tenchi: Thank god, I needed to make sure
that the.. whatever I saw in my sleep wasn’t actually
happen.

	Ayeka & Ryoko: What?

Tenchi explained what he saw in last night’s REM
session.  Sasami knocks on the door and Ayeka opens
it for her.  Sasami entered.

	Sasami:  Tenchi I need to talk with you
alone, I think Tsunami can help you with your first
vision.

	Tenchi:  Tsunami?  My first vision?

	Ayeka:  This makes no sense.  Sasami what
are you hiding?

	Ryoko: Tenchi can see the future?  But,
how?

  	Sasami: All I can tell you two is that when
Tenchi was blessed with the light hawk wings, it
acted like a catalyst in him giving Tenchi more
abilities than a normal Jurian.

	Tenchi: Ok Sasami, let’s go for a walk.

	Sasami: In your pajamas?

	Tenchi:  (d’oh) Well I’ll change before we
go.

	Ryoko: Tenchi, if you need someone to be
with you while you change then, I’ll be glad to stay.
Don’t expect me to close my eyes!

	Ayeka:  You’ll wait outside with Sasami and
I!

Ayeka drags Ryoko out and shuts the door.  Tenchi
changes and cleans up.  Tenchi opens the door and
walks down the stairs into the living room where
Sasami sits in the couch.  Sasami turns to Tenchi and
smiles her most brightest and warming smiles.

	Sasami:  Ready?

	Tenchi:  Yeah.

Sasami and Tenchi walk out the house and into the
woods.  In the early morning the birds are singing
and it’s sunny, basically the makings of a great day.
They turn at a fork in the pathway and stop at a small
pond.  Sasami stands on a submerged boulder on the
far end.  A breeze stirs around this area and a single
cherry petal falls into the center of the pound.
Sasami speaks in a dual tone of Tsunami’s and her
own voice.

	Sasami/Tsunami: About five months ago, I
blessed you with the light hawk wings.  This enabled
you to fight Kagato head on and defeat him.  As time
passed those very same light hawk wings had
developed and gave you abilities no full-blooded
Jurian could achieve.  You see what might be the
future.

	Tenchi:  What might be?  You mean I have a
chance to change the outcome?

	Sasami/Tsunami: Yes.  Besides that you
have a far greater ability.  You can use the power of
both Jurai and Earth.

	Tenchi:  It was because I was born a child of
Jurai in this planet, right?

	Tsunami:  Yes, Jurian children born on Jurai
receive a small fragment of the planet’s essence that
is given to them.  When they pass away, it is
returned.  You never acquired your essence, until I
gave you the light hawk wings.  This sudden surge of
Jurai’s power made you a person able to handle the
power of Jurai in its entirety, not to mention earth
too.

	Tenchi:  So what you are saying is that I’m
some sort of supreme Jurian?

	Sasami/Tsunami: You are a Deus ex Jurai.
A chosen child to actually wield the entire light hawk
accouter, the wings to protect the ones you love, the
talons to shred the enemy, and the hawk helm of light
hawk to guide you.  Mind you that only a select few
are allowed to bear the light hawk wings, let alone
the entire light hawk.

A harsh silence settles around the pond, Tenchi looks
up at the duo and asks the hardest question he knew.

	Tenchi:  If I can wield all this and it comes
so easily to me then, why can’t I use the light hawk
wings whenever I want?

	Sasami/Tsunami: You can, just clear your
mind and focus see the wings with you mind eye not
just your regular ones.  Then open them and they will
be there, ready to serve you.

Tenchi closes his eyes and breathes in and out
slowly.  The wings fade into then out of existence
slowly, when Tenchi opens his eyes the blades are
finally summoned.  Tenchi stuck his arms out and
two of the wings formed his armor and the last one
turned into his sword.  Tenchi looks at himself in
awe, he summoned the wings effortlessly with the
help of Sasami and Tsunami.  Tsunami left and
Sasami walked to Tenchi’s side.

	Sasami:  Tenchi, the wings are to protect
your loved ones but how do you love me?

	Tenchi:  Like a very close sister, I’m glad to
have one.  That is if you want to be my sis’.

	Sasami:  (giggles) Sure!  I’ll be your big
sister!  You know I’m at least 12 hundred years older
than you.

Sasami hugs Tenchi tightly.  Tenchi just smiles
seeing Sasami so happy.  Together they walk home
talking; laughing and just enjoying each other’s
company.  They walk into house that was when
Ryoko and Ayeka noticed something that Tenchi
completely forgot.  He didn’t take off his light hawk
armor.  This made Ryoko and Ayeka look at him
very surprised.

	Ayeka: The light hawk armor...

	Ryoko:  What the hell?

	Tenchi:  [Makes the armor fade away] Deus
ex Jurai to put it in a nutshell.


	Ayeka:  Sasami did you tell Tenchi what
happens when Dues ex Jurai is found?

	Sasami:  Delectation.

	Ayeka:  As well tragedy.

	Tenchi:  I just want to forget about it now,
I’m still having a hard time believing this.

Tenchi looked very distraught over these new
discoveries.  While this had transpired Feng was
hiding in the shadows watching, listening, and
readying himself for a discontenting arrival if Sheera.
Katsuhito was right behind Feng.  Silently Katsuhito
flung him to the ground and held him at the throat.

	Katsuhito:  I know what you have been
doing.  Keeping contact with someone, telling him or
her vital information about us and waiting for their
advent!  Why?

	Feng:  Do you think I have a choice?!
Sheera keeps a firm leash on me [points to the back
of his head] by control spire implanted in my skull.

	Katsuhito:  So what happens when you
remove it?

	Feng: I die and take everyone with me
through a massive anti matter explosive hidden on
the moon.  Problem is that I would rather die than
keep being her damned toy.  When I landed here I
was going remove it earlier but it’s that innocent look
in his eyes, it reminds me of my brother; it’s too
much for me to stand.  The only safe thing to do is let
me take Tenchi.

	Katsuhito:  I can’t let you take my grandson
away from the girls and me.


	Feng:  I wish you could just stop me but that
is not in the scheme.    I’m sorry that I have to
destroy what respect you had for me.  Are you ready?


	Katsuhito:...

Katsuhito pulled his bokken out from one of his
sleeves and stood confident that he will succeed.
Feng summoned numerous vines that instantly took
hold of Katsuhito.  Feng was very sorrowed that he
had to fight, but it had to be this way so he could play
on both sides and help Tenchi avoid what would
happen the next early afternoon.  The main vine
spouted bulbs that blossomed and expelled sleeping
gas.  Katsuhito would be in deep sleep for a day,
Feng must hurry to make his report lest he goes
through envisage fear torture.  With a few free
moments he picked up Katsuhito and lay him down
in his room by the shrine.


In the onsen Tenchi sits in the warm water to relax
and think.  He amused himself by summoning the
three-lighthawk wings he was blessed with.  Oddly
they rotated to show the other side, there were
silhouettes of Ryoko on one, Ayeka another, and
Sasami and Tsunami on the last wing.  The wings are
to protect his loved ones but how come the others
aren’t on the wings or why aren’t on they on their
own wings?  Are Ayeka, Ryoko, and Sasami/tsunami
special people that he protects?

	Feng:  So those are the light hawk wings?  A
sight to behold I must say.

	Tenchi: Yes, they are something...

	Feng:  Something is on your mind.
Anything I can do?

	Tenchi:  Sheera is coming isn’t she?

	Feng:  No, if I can convince her that there is
nothing special about you then Sheera will leave all
of you alone and I will leave to do what she wants.

Tenchi gets out of the water and dries off with a
second towel.  Tenchi walks up to Feng then looks
him right in the eyes.

Tenchi:  Grand father told me how to tell if someone
is lying, if you’re going to lie to me then at least
don’t tense up.  When she comes just do your best to
help ok?

	Feng:  I’ll try...

Tenchi shakes hands with Feng.  A surge of energy
flows through Tenchi he sees Feng pushing Ryoko
away from a sword and he took it in his chest.  The
visage fades away, Tenchi is caught short of breath.
Feng tries not to notice as he walks out.  Everything
is quiet as if it were the calm before the storm.
Ryoko had nothing to do so she went for a walk,
finding the forest a nice place to relax she teleported
in the middle of it.  Not too far away she found Feng
with the long metal tube.  Feng beat the tube on the
ground till the point it broke open finally revealing
the contents.  Feng picked up what looked like a large
insect the size of a forearm.

	Feng:  Wake up Gladius.  Time to serve
your master.

The insect broke its chiton shell and bore into Feng’s
skin as he fell to the ground in pain trying his best not
to scream.  This went on for a few moments Feng
summoned the insect but it came out as a blade
grafted into his hand and skin.  Watching all this take
place Ryoko was just ready to throw up, but
something told her to keep watching she might find
out why Feng is willfully grafting organisms into his
body.  Feng finally happy that the Gladius is in his
body later larvae stage made it recess back into his
body.  Feng looked around in the shards to find three
small rectangular devices with a very small vial of
opaque green fluid; he attached one to his forehead
and the other two on the back of his hands.  With a
push of a button on the forehead unit it injected the
contents in him and increased his build greatly.  The
next action caught Ryoko off guard, Feng leaped to
the air and drawn his living blade.

	Feng:  What are you doing here?

	Ryoko:  I could ask you the same question.
[Draws her plasma sword]

	Feng:  There is something about that Tenchi
boy that attracts trouble, I’m just making sure that I
can be prepared at a moment’s notice.  [Sheathes his
weapon]

	Ryoko:  Right, listen up I’m going to tell
you this once and only once, if anything happens to
me, Tenchi, or the others you count on me to hunt
you down like the dog you are.  That is if I can still
trust you. [Teleports away]

	Feng:  [Smiles] Don’t worry Ryoko.  You
won’t need to hunt me down.

Sasami made dinner and everyone shown up to eat,
talk, then praise Sasami on another meal well done.
There was only one exception to the group, one Feng
Tiannai.  Washu said that he was in his room trying
to get drunk.  Sasami had made him a plate of
coconut-fried shrimp, lomein, and miso soup.  Ryoko
was on her usual rafter perch drinking sake.  Sasami
not wanting this good food go to waste wrapped it up
and walked to Feng’s room.  She went down there
and gave the food Washu since Feng wasn’t
answering his door.

Night came and went in rapid succession.  The
morning was rather quite for Tenchi and the others.
Feng left the house before breakfast not to come back
for the next five hours.  Tenchi and Ryoko went out
to find him.

	Ryoko: Tenchi this is all too weird, Feng is
gone, and everything is extremely quite.  Something
awful is going to happen I know it!

	Tenchi:  Don’t worry Ryoko.  If anything
does happen it won’t be anything we can’t handle, I
mean I have the light hawk wings and you have your
gems.

	Ryoko: Not all of them, I have one.

	Tenchi:  Hmm, I was going to do this later
but why not now.  Ryoko I know you are not an
awful person and you can be great to be with, I want
to return your gems.

	Ryoko: [blushes] Tenchi.

Tenchi pulled Tenchi-ken out of his sleeve and
pointed the heel to Ryoko.

	Tenchi:  Ryoko, I trust you very much so
here are the gems back.

The remainder of the gems contained withing Tenchi-
ken.  All three gems found their place on Ryoko’s
right wrist.  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi and gave him a
tight hug, before Tenchi could protest he realized that
Ryoko was happy to have her gems back and to know
the man she loved had tursted her very much.  Tenchi
is rarely known to actually hug or anything like that,
but when they had felt down Tenchi was always there
to cheer them up, so he did the unthinkable, he
hugged Ryoko back.  Ryoko was surprised she felt
his arms around her.

	Ryoko:  I can stay in these arms forever.
Tenchi I love you.

	Tenchi:  I have something to tell you.

	Ryoko: Yes?

	Tenchi:  I, ... gosh this hard... I love you
to.  Ayeka too, I love you both.

Before Ryoko could say anything about Tenchi
loving Ayeka Tenchi wrapped his arms around
Ryoko.  No mistake about it, Tenchi had hugged
Ryoko back.  The very same Tenchi Maski she has
lived with for more than two years, the same Tenchi
she attacked at the highschool.  Ryoko would give or
do anything to stay like this forever just her and
Tenchi.  They were caught in thier own little world,
they didn’t care what was happening in America, not
even five feet from them.  They were focused on
eachother.  Soon this relm of peace would be
wrenched away from them when they heard a
familiar voice.

	Feng:  Tenchi it’s time to go!

	Tenchi:  What?

	Feng:  I’m so sorry, Sheera is here and I
want to end this quietly as possible.

	Ryoko:  You can just forget it Feng!  Tenchi
is going nowhere!

	Sheera: That is where I disagree, my friend.

	Ryoko:  Show yourself!



Sheera stepped out from the bushes.  Ryoko stood
infront of Tenchi and summoned her plasma blade.

	Sheera: I hate any unwanted confrontations
so, just come with me Tenchi.

	Ryoko:  Feng, you traitor!

	Feng: {coldly} Remember when you called
me a dog?  Sheera has my leash, and I am compelled
to obey like the good boy I am!

	Ryoko:...

Feng sat on the ground showing Ryoko he didn’t
want to fight.  Three large robotic golems came out
of the forest and stood by Sheera.

	Sheera:  Go get my prize.

The golems ran amazingly fast towards Ryoko and
Tenchi.  Ryoko quickly made her shadow appear and
Tenchi summoned his light hawk wings.  Tenchi was
holding his own against two golems while Ryoko had
some trouble; Feng joined the fray attacking her.
Ryoko had just finished off the golem when Feng had
Gladius shrouded around her neck.

	Feng:  Don’t move!  If you do you’ll be
dead before you hit the ground!


Everything was at a stand still until Ayeka, Mihoshi,
Washu, and Kiyone arrived.

	Ayeka:  Feng, where is Sasami?!
	Feng: Sheera has her.

	Kiyone:  I ran a background check on you
lastnight and guess what I found.

	Feng:  Feng Tiannai is responsible for the
murders of numerous people and popular political
powers that would have made changes for the better.
I am responsible for the kidnapping of five childeren
and now Sasami, princess of Jurai.  I don’t care; I
never had a choice I was forced to do those awful
things.  The childeren are on the ship being raised as
her slaves!  I’m one of the top ten most wanted
criminals by both Galaxy Police and Jurai Royal
Enforcers.


	Sheera:  Yes, and they are all grown up and
now are my faithfull servants ready to do anything
for me.

	Ayeka: I want my sister back!  Now!

	Tenchi: STOP!  I had enough of this!  I will
come with you; in return I want you to release
Sasami.

	Feng:  See, he gave up like I planned.  I
want my freedom now!

	Sheera: First we make the transaction.
Tenchi step inside the golem chest.

The Golems chest opened up and tied Tenchi down
into the chair.  As promised Sasami was teleported to
the ground, Ayeka ran to her and held the crying
child.

	Feng: Sheera, what about me?

	Sheera: I haven’t forgot.

Electrical energy pulsed through his body making
Feng fall to the ground taking Ryoko with him.  Feng
took this free moment to let Ryoko go and run to cut
Tenchi free.  Things went wrong when he took the
first step Ryoko was flying towards Sheera.  Sheera
greeted her with a slew of throwing knives.  Feng
caught up with Ryoko when Sheera drew her bastard
sword.  Time slowed to a crawl as Feng procceded to
throw his body in her way.  The sword went though
Feng’s chest as he fell limp on the blade.  Ryoko was
horrified as what she saw Feng impailed by the sword
and fall back to the ground.

	Sheera:  Tsk!  I broke my old toy, what a
pity.  Well my new one will make me just as happy!

Sheera cackled evilly as she teleported away with
Tenchi.

	Ryoko:  NNNNoooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

END PART ONE OF: We need to save Tenchi!

	Ryoko: Sheera I’ll kill you!

	Daniel:  In the next episode Sheera has
Tenchi and who knows she will do to him!  In the
midst of all this action Sheera has forgot about Feng,
he owes it to Ryoko and the others to help them out
but how?  Find out in part two of We need to save
Tenchi!  Love to the rescue!

Daniel would like feed back on his material
good/bad/anything!  Here is the address,
evldan@hotmail.com

