No need for a brain switch! -A Tenchi Universe fan fic

Written By Gabe Ricard

Well here’s the latest and greatest in my Tenchi series which will kinda
slow
down after this one as I am short on good idea’s. So if anyone’s got an idea
for
a Tenchi fic but don’t have plans to use it send it my way. I promise
co-author
credit as well as credit for the idea itself. That’s all so sit back pour a
nice
glass of sake and enjoy the fic. Remember, I don’t own these charatcers as
they
belong to Pioneer.





"What a beautiful morning it is," observed Kamidake as the early
morning sun beamed on them kindly.

"Quite," agreed Azaka (Authors note: Someone feel free to let me know
if this isn’t the proper spelling) "I predict it will be another quiet,
pleasant day." As the guardian said this an explosion came from the house
behind them.

"Tenchi is MINE!!!" screeched Aeka throwing some energy daggers at
Ryoko who dodged them and returned with a ball of energy which Aeka blocked
with
a shield.

"Dream on Princess Pissy-Pants!" cried Ryoko creating her energy staff
and charging at Aeka who stood her ground ready for the attack.

Tenchi emerged from the men’s bathhouse and yawned stretching him arms and
walking casually past the girls who where too busy locked in combat to
notice.

"Tenchi!" smiled Sasami. "Good morning!"

"Good morning Sasami," replied Tenchi returning the smile. He heard a
meow and looked down to see Ryo-oh-ki who meowed again and leapt onto
Tenchi’s
shoulder then leaped onto the counter where she tried to get some of the
carrots
in a bowl.

Sasami caught this immediately and reached down and snatched her up well
before
she touched the carrots.

"Ryo-oh-ki! You know you have to wait!" she put her back onto the
floor then looked up at Tenchi. "Could you go get Washu?"

Tenchi gulped. It had been a couple days since Tenchi dared to venture
anywhere
near Washu’s lab after meeting Buggles her bizarre cross bread pet. Of
course he
cared for her as he cared for all the girls but that didn’t stop him from
making
a quick prayer before stepping into the broom closet where Washu’s lab was
located.

To his great relief, Washu was working near a waterfall on her transparent
computer. "Washu! Breakfast is ready!"

Washu turned around and smiled, "Okay Tenchi…just one little thing before I
go." When she said this four large metallic shot out of the ground two
taking Tenchi’s arms and two more taking his legs and shooting him up
several
feet in the air.

Tenchi turned to his left to see his father Nobuyuki who was in the same
position as him. "Dad, what’s Washu doing now!" Tenchi got no response
as his father was terrified of heights and was too scared to reply. Tenchi
looked down and Washu and glared, "Washu! What are you up to this
time?"

Washu jumped out of her chair and looked up at Tenchi and smiled, "Don’t
worry so much Tenchi! I’m just confirming an idea I’ve just about proven
wont
work. It’s a little bet I’m having with a Jurian scientist I met after you
defeated Kagato. Tenchi struggled but it was in vain as the robotic arms
where
holding him firmly in place.

Washu returned to her computer and began typing quickly humming to herself
while
she did. A moment later, two connected plate like devices came downward one
planting itself on Tenchi’s head and the other on Nobuyuki. "Washu I really
don’t want to be a part of this! I need to get to school in a few minutes."
He tried to free himself again but knew it was useless. "What are you going
to do?" he sighed.

"I’m just going to confirm my half of the bet that it’s impossible to
successfully switch two peoples brains."

"Oh…well that’s not so-WHAT?! No way Washu! Don’t you-" Before Tenchi
could finish Washu typed in a final combination then stood back as a
brilliant
light came between Tenchi and Nobuyuki who both passed out a moment later.

"Up and at em!!" Tenchi slowly opened his eyes to see Washu standing
over him. "Ugh..Washu what happened?"

Washu shrugged but Tenchi noticed her complexion was slightly pale and her
face
looked stunned which was very uncharacterisic for her. "You um…better hurry
up or you’ll be late for work."

"Work? What are you talking about?" Washu sighed and held up a mirror.
Tenchi looked into the mirror but instead of seeing his face he saw his
fathers.
"AHHHHHHH!!! Washu what have you done to me?!"

"Well…I guess Dr.Marzo was right after all."

"Hey! What happened to me?" Tenchi and Washu turned around to see
Nobuyuki who was staring at his new face in the mirror Washu was holding.
"I haven’t looked this handsome in years!"

"Glad to know you have your priorities in order Dad," mumbled Tenchi
whose head was lowered. He then turned to Washu. "You can fix this
right?"

Washu brought up her computer and began typing into it saying "Hmmmm"
as she did. "The problem is the machine I built was only good for a single
switch. I was so sure this wouldn’t work so I never bothered to make it so
the
machine could switch the brains back."

"I can’t believe this," groaned Tenchi.

"Neither can I," replied Washu. "Especially since I am THE
GREATEST SCIENTIFIC MIND IN THE UNIVERSE!" The two Chibi puppets popped up
on her shoulders.

"It’s a mystery Washu!" proclaimed puppet A.

"A complete fluke!" concurred puppet B.

"I better just go to school," sighed Tenchi turning to leave.

Washu stopped him, "You mean work Tenchi." She turned to Nobuyuki who
was still admiring himself in the mirror. "I don’t know how long it’ll take
me to rebuild this thing but while I do, you Tenchi need to go to Nobuyuki’s
job
and you Nobuyuki must go to Tenchi’s school." Tenchi was about to protest
but knew that as long as he was in his fathers body he would have to go to
job.
He sighed and walked out. Nobuyuki was about to follow but was stopped by
Washu.
"My mirror please."

Nobuyuki turned slightly red, "Sorry." He handed Washu her mirror and
walked out behind Tenchi. Luckily neither was seen by any of the girls as
they
left.

"Oh Kiyone, I’m sorry!" whimpered Mihoshi walking along side Kiyone on
the busy streets of the city.

Kiyone glared, "Mihoshi you got us fired AGAIN."

"I didn’t know that man was there and I cerainly didn’t mean to get him
covered in ketchup."

"Well what are we going to for a job now?"

"I don’t know," sniffed Mihoshi.

Kiyone saw the look on Mihoshi’s face and sighed. "It’s okay…we need to go
on patrol anyway." Mihoshi brightened and nodded and walked across the
street with Kiyone who realized as far as days go this one hadn’t been too
bad.

"Mr. Masaki, here’s your coffee." Tenchi who had been staring
perplexed at a complex diagram of a building all day looked up to see a
striking
young woman he recalled his dad talking about on several occasions. "Oh.
Umm okay put it on the table next to me please."

Ayumi (Authors note again: I have no idea what this woman’s name was but
just to
give you an idea it’s the woman Nobuyuki tries to pick up in a couple
episodes.
The last episode of Tenchi Universe and the episode where it snows are where
she
can be found. Sorry bout that on with the fic.) Looked at Tenchi
quizzically.
Boy Mr. Masaki is acting weird today she thought. "Are you okay Mr. Masaki?
You don’t seem yourself."

"Oh…no I’m fine. Thank you for asking though." Tenchi was feeling
slightly nervous realizing he was acting nothing like his father. "H-how
are you today?"

Ayumi was a bit taken back at this point, Usually by now Mr. Masaki would
have
said his hello and been well into picking her up. She liked the attention
even
if he was ten years older than her. But something was up and she had to see
if
it was her or not. "There’s something different about you Mr. Masaki."

"Different? W-what do you mean?"

"Something new about you…something sexy…I like it." She slowly made
her way closer and closer to Tenchi who despite being more used to this sort
of
thing then anybody was growing more nervous by the moment.

"Well..uh..Thank you…but I really need to get back to gahh!" Tenchi’s
wishy-washy protest was muffled as Ayumi grabbed the back of his head and
began
kissing him furiously.

He’s still fighting me she thought. Better go a little farther.

"Hey come on now!" whined Tenchi. "Hey my pants!"

Later that day…

"I can’t believe how many girls at school like Tenchi," mused Nobuyuki
out loud as he walked up the path towards his house. In the course of a
single
day there must have been at least a half dozen girls who had flirted with
him.
Nobuyuki sighed he had had a lot of fun as a kid and wasn’t really looking
forward to being an adult again and having to go back to his boring job. He
was
now near the house and choked as he felt a pair of hands come from behind
him
and squeeze him. He immediately knew who it was.

"Ryoko! Um…good evening."

"Tenchi darling! I missed you so much."

"I was only gone for a day."

"I know…it seems like a really long time." Ryoko grinned and laid her
head on Nobuyuki’s shoulder. Nobuyuki suddenly remembered Aeka and knew the
last
thing he wanted was to be caught in the middle of the triangle Tenchi was in
though the idea was not without its appeal to him.

"What about Aeka?"

" Don’t worry my Tenchi, I took care of her."

Aeka slowly peeled her eyes open and shot straight up. She looked around and
remembered she was in the ladies bathroom. "I must have fallen
asleep…" she thought out loud. "But I don’t remember being all that
tired." She felt her hand around something and pulled it out of the water.
It was a small bottle of sake. "That’s right…I had a little sake…but I
didn’t drink all that much. The only thing that could have happened would be
if
someone slipped something in it. That’s silly the only person who was here
was-" she stopped as a sudden realization came over her. "Ryoko."
She growled and quickly rose out of the water and stormed out.

"Aeka there you are! I couldn’t find you and I was starting to worry."
Aeka was pulled from her rage and turned around to see Sasami with a
sleeping
Ryo-oh-ki on her head.

"I fell asleep Sasami so don’t worry what time is it?"

"That’s what I was looking for you for. It’s dinner time and I wanted you
to get Washu."

"If it’s dinner time, then that means that Tenchi should be back." A
horrible idea came to her. "Sasami! Where is Ryoko?!?"

Sasami thought for a moment, "She went outside I think. Why do you
ask?"

Aeka’s eyes nearly exploded out of her head. "That dirty rotten space
whore!" she cried bolting away her towel nearly flying off.

Nobuyuki felt Ryoko’s breasts pressed into his back and at that moment
several
years of pent up frustration finally exploded as Nobuyuki grabbed Ryoko
wound
back and gave her one of the most passionate kisses in known recorded
history.

TENCHI?!?!?! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!"

Nobuyuki felt his entire stomach leap into his throat and he dropped Ryoko
who
was now in a state of complete catatonics and turned around to see Aeka who
by
Nobuyuki’s estimation had never looked angrier in her entire life.

"What a day…" mumbled Tenchi walking up the path to his house. He
looked down at his torn and tattered shirt and sighed. "As if I need more
women problems." He thought. "Whats going on?" Tenchi stopped and
looked ahead to see Ryoko lying on the ground. Nobuyuki who was trying to
speak
and Aeka who Tenchi swore he could see smoke coming from her head. It took
Tenchi only a moment to realize what had happened and when he did he simply
shook his head and continued walking ready for the worst.

Preview of the next fan fic

Tenchi: In the next episode of Tenchi Universe, mix ups and general insanity
occur as Washu continues to work on a machine that will reverse the brain
switch!

Washu: Don’t worry a bit Tenchi it’s a snap for a super genius like me!

Grandpa: You better be careful Tenchi. Knowing your father he might do
something
foolish at your school.

Nobuyuki: Oh come on Dad have a little faith in me!

Tenchi: The next episode is the conclusion to No need for a brain switch! I
hope
Washu can fix things before another mix up occurs with Ryoko or Aeka.

Grandapa: It is unquestionably, a typical day at the Masaki home.

Well what did ya think? The conclusion should be along soon. Thanks for
reading
and let me know what you think of my take on my favourite Anime.