I don't own the charters of Tenchi or Dragon ball Z.I am not here to make any
money off this storey it is just fan fiction. I hope you like it.

Glenn Britschge

tenchi5055@hotmail.com

No need for real gems of power
Reg
Chapter2 No need for Ayeka

Ayeka find out were Tenchi an Ryoko have been the last 6 months

There had been fighting ,between Ryoko an Ayeka;because it seem ,Tenchi
knew what
would happen before it would happen.
When she was going to fight with Ryoko over aney thing; Tenchi appear an
when he look
at Ayeka he had cold look to him. Ayeka had noteice that his, dark brown
eyes where
more of a tan color,an his hair  seem more stiff. An Ayeka noteice he
wore expensive
cloths,an what was more odd , he wore differnt cloth ever day. She knew
that
could be he either phase into the cloth ,but he would had have them with
him
or mabey he created the cloths. Witch would mean he was, very powerful
person.

An Ayeka spy on Ryoko her eyes were an even, deeper golden color then
they
were before.And they were a brighter color, an if you look into them to
long
they hurt the eyes. Ayeka also look at the hair of  Ryolo that was an
even brighter color
cryan. An like the eyes to look at it to long hurt the eyes. It had been
a week, sence they rerturn
from the dragon ball world.

An Sasami notice that before she had call for breafast is readey or any
other meal
Tenchiwas there an with a few sec. Ryoko was by his side.
She had noteice that his eyes were were changing they,were even brighter
color then they
were before. His hair was brighter to.
Ayeka said when you look into his eyes ,or look at the hair  you should
not stare at it for
verey long because it hurts the eyes.
Sasami look at Tenchi eyes an the hair they were verey bright;they did
not hurt her eyes because
Sasami was part godess.

Katsuhito notice the change at sword fighting, he seem to know the move
before
they had happen. Katsuhitohad gone threw all the move he had kearn on
planted
Jurai. An his grandfather even made knew ones witch he knew ,Tenchi had
never
seen or they had never use them. He pick them up even before he was
shown the moves.
He notice at sword fighting,his eyes turn a golden color . And
Katsuhitohad also
noteice his hair was a bright blond color, an it seem to reflect light.
And he also noteice 4 gems 1 on his right wrist 2 left wrist the third
on the right side of the neck
an the forth were the mark of Tsunami was it was differnt then the other

gems it was a emeral color.

Mihoshi an Kiyone notice on both Ryoko an Tenchi they bothseem to know
thing before
they happen.Mishoshi was going to do something dumb like go into
little Washua space lab.
Tenchi said to Mihoshi .I order you to stop in a deep voice ! An leave
Washua space lab alone .
Mihoshi said I was 't going in there;the she started crying . An she
said I am sorrey if I
have done something,  that has made you mad. Then he look to the right
were Mihoshi
was standing an Kiyone was there, Kiyone said how the hell did I get
here?
Tenchi said I telported you here ;then he in case Mishoshi in a bubble.
Tenchi said nothing in a few sec. Ryoko appear;an then Ryoko spoke come
Ryo-ohki
In a few minutes they where all 3 in space craft Ryo-ohki; Ryoko said to
Tenchi
where do you want6 to go? Tenchi gave it a little thought Neptune speed
100,000 miles a sec.
Tenchi said nothing when they got over Mars;ryoko slow to 50,000 mile a
sec.
We went to this strange land an got verey powerful we are both now
powerful
god an godess.Tenchi said we each have 3 gems ,one on the right wrist
the 2nd
on the left wrist the 3rd on the right side of the neck. I Tenchi have
this
emeral gem, it can control time an space. An me an Ryoko are telpathly
link.
That mean I know what going on with her an she know what is going on
with me
An then Tenchi said to Kiyonewe are both geting, stronger the more we
us the power the stronger it becomes.
You under stand no can stop us not you or all the galaxy police or
central
commmand.

An Washua also notice that Tenchi an Ryoko ,were differnt sence they
had  return
from the place they had been the last 6 months.
Little Washua was a godess her power had been restore by Tsunami
;because she
had sence the changes in both Ryoko an Tenchi;they were getting stronger
in power.
Tenchi has 6 gems the 3 mortal can see the other 3 us goddess or god can
see.
The first gem on his right can cotrol a cabbet space craft an sumon
demands
the 2nd can cotrol the demond the 3rd can create the light halk wings.
Washua said he can create 3 light halk wings I believe in time he can
create
between 10-17 more. And the green gem in his fore head it control  time
an space
it os the cronus gem. An around his waist he has a belt with 9gems in
this
world he can created 3 real gems of power;it would be differnt in other
worlds
create more or less.

Ryoko has 6 gems  3 of the gems mortal can see but the 2nd 3 gems onley
inmortal
an god an goddess can see.
The first  she cancall Ryo-ohki an summon demond, the 2nd gem cancontrol

demond the 3rd can create the light halk wings. The 2nd set of gems
the first can control any living being an change shape an mass.
The 2nd gem can control weather the 3rd gem can control life an death
an it make all other power much stronger.

About a month Little Washua call a meeting of the the girls
Little Washua was dress in her science unform.

Ayrka raise her hand. I have seen Tenchi an he seem to glow  a golden
color.
and his eyes and his eyes are changeing color an is becoming stiff like
Ryoko hair.
And to look at his glowing eyes make your eyes hurt. Even his hair glows
to look
at it to long makes your eyes hurt. And he seem to know what is going to
happen before it
happens.

With this informaation Little Washua , was typing at her computer key
board the information that
the girls had gave her.

Kiyone said he seem to know thing before they would happen or mabey
would had
happen.
Kiyone said he knew that Mihoshi might go into your lab an he knew what
would happen.
And then all of a sudden I was standing there an then Mihoshi  was
inprison in a bubble
And Tenchi told me he an Ryoko are very powerful god's an goddess.
And he said the gem on his forehead can control time an space.

Then Sasami spoke she said:Washua I look at Tenchi and Ryoko eyesit did
not hurt
me .But I also noteice that Ryoko and Tenchi look differnt then they did
before.

Then after 4 weeks Washua said to Ayeka I have something I want to give
you
an the other girls. It is call is call a scouter an it will help you get
more infrmation on
Tenchi an Ryoko. This one is more advance, then the one that Veggia had
on
the dragon ball world.
This one can take power reading from 1,000 to 1,000,000,000;an it can
also tell
you if the being you are scaning is mortal or inmortal god or godess.

Give the 3scouter one to Sasami,one to Kiyone an one to Katsuhito.
So they can take reading I need this information to find
out what has happen. Then Ayeka met Kiyone an gave the scouter to her
before they were
going to do there work in outer space for the Galaxy police.
Ayeka said to Kiyone stop wait a minute! Ayeka was out of breath when
she got to
Kiyone. Kiyone said what is it I am on futey now. Washua want you have
this ?
Kiyone she want you to get reading on both Ryoko an Tenchi .She handed
her the
scouter. It is very inportant Washua said don't let Mihoshi handle it is

one of a kind. Kiyone had seen some thing like this before; it is call a

scouter it is more advance then the won that Veggia had on planted
Dragon Ball Z.

An when you get reading on Tenchi an Ryoko; Washua said for you to be
careful
an make sure that both Tenchi an Ryoko don't suspect a thing. Kiyone
nodded
her head.

An she met her bother Yosho.Yosh said to Ayeka what is it that you want?

Washua wants you to get reading for her;she handed Yosho the scouter .
Yosho said this is a scouter is it Ayeka ? Ayeka said yes it is.
But it is a more powerful, one then the one that the Sayians had.
It can take power reading from 1,000 to 1,000,000,000.
An it can also tell if the being be scan is mortsl inmortal a godess a
god.
I will do it I know that is very very inportant Ayeka.

It was March 14,2002 at 7:00 pm Little Washua call a meeting for
Sasaim Ayeka an Kiyone an Katsuhitio.
Ayeka raise her hand Washua said yes Miss Ayeka ? Ihave somiething fore
you
she handed Washua a piece of paper that had a weeks worth of power
reading on them.

An then Sasaimi done the same thing that Ayeka an handed Washua a piace
of paper it had the reading on them
of both Tenchi an Ryoko.
Kiyone done the same thing an handed the paper to washua.

Then Washu down loaded the information that she got from the scouter on
to her
knew an inprove computer  she had invented from information she had
gotten
from the future.

Then she red off the reading she had on the computer monter it says that

Tench an Ryoko power reading are increasing very fast an ther god an
godess power are also
increasing to. Then Washured off the power reading  Tenchi low was at
5,000 the
high reading was at 50,000 an Ryoko reading is at the low 3,000 at the
high 35,000
at the end of the week Tenchi was 25,000 at the low but at the high it
was 298,000.
That is only 1/2 of 1% of ther true power.

The nex.part is Ayeka go's to the dragon ball world so she can know the
true power
of Ryoko an Tenchi power an also become a goddess to so sh ecan
stop Tenchi an Ryoko from taking control of all world that are an may be
or will be.

Then it was March 21,2002 Washu call Ayeka to her space lab an gave
her bleeper that can located the dragon balls. An with the power of
Washua an Tsunami,conbined created a gem of power. This will help you
control your new space craft I call it Aeka-ohki it look just like
except
it had puper eyes. An it was little larger then Ryo-ohki.

An then Washua took Ayeka to the mass tank an they got on her an went
into
her bodey. Washua said don't be scare they will not harm you do not
think they can read your thoughts
When  they are finsh you will have self healing power like Ryoko an also
be
able to live with out air.

An I will have contact with you. Ayeka look piss off Miss Washua your
going read my
thought like you do to Ryoko !Washua said no onley if I sence,you are in
danger.

A gate was open to the dragon ball planted . I have program the computer
to take
you to the castle 24 hours before he makes emperal Piliaf makes his wish
to become
ruler of the world. An when Ayeka arive at the castle ever thing was
sort of peaceful
for the nex. 23 hours. She had her space craft Aeka-ohki an they flew
behind the castle.
An then Ayeka said tranform backto her cabbet form. Aeka snuggle with
Aeka-ohki an then she knew why Ryoko had said you are the onley one that

under stands me.

Then Ayeka an her cabbet Aeka-ohki ;The emperal said to want.
I want to help you get the dragon ball:but I need to make a wish to the
eternaldragon
an I will help you take control of the world. And help you rule it.
Is it agree? He then said that is more then Shall an Mia can do it is
agree.
I will bring Yamcha Bullma an that little one Gokua to I have your
permision
to bring them here emperal. She bow it made her sick to her stomach to
even bowl even less look at a troll like he was but Ayeka knew this was
the fast way to
get the last dragon ball. So she said Aeka-ohki transform it became a
space craft she
flew an within 5 minutes found them an beam them abord her space craft
Aeka-ohki fly 500 feet above land to emper Pialf  castle.
Bullma said why are you doing this to us? An what is this thing we are
flying in ?
Ayeka said to deliver the 3 of you to the  emperal I will help himrule
the world
if I can make a wish to the eternal dragon  An your second question this
is a
space craft call Aeka-ohik.

With in a minute they were allinside the emper castle. Emper Pilaf  I
have kept my
part get the dragon ball,Gokua  said I think not! Then Ayeka telported
right behind
Gokua an grab the dragon ball before he knew what had happen
Ayeka had it. Then Ayeka had Mia get the other 6dragon ball witch they
had
Then Ayeka said I summon the eternal dragon . The sky turn black and
lighting
steak across the sky and the ball begain to glow an pulsate an then
dragon appear.
It said what is your wish an your wish will come true
Ayeka in calm voice said great dragon I wish for one gem of power like
the won on
right wrist put the one I wish for on my left wrist. Your wish is
granted.

Then the gem on her right wrist she summon spirts out of the ground.
Within 5minutes it had took shape it was 10feet tall was white an 3 red
spots.
I order you to chase Gokua Has it started to move toward Gokua he
started to run
but the demond whent even faster When it was about to catch  Gokua.
An then Ayeka lift  her left wrist an said ,go back to the earth within
a few
minutes

Then Ayeka said are bargon is off your weak sevents are no match for me
an they were never were even Gokua is no match.

Then Ayeka got a message from Washua direct in the thoughts of Ayeka
Washua says Tenchi an Ryoko wants to show ,us there true power ;they
even
know were you have been how I don't know I an Tsunami have sheil the
space lab from any
out side interfere.

When the message was finsh playing in her head a door open an when Ayeka
with
her spaceshipAeka-ohki they were in Little Washua space lab ,
Washua I was only able to get, one gem of power .
That will have to do for now.

The end of the this chapter

The next chapter will take place in the cross section

The rise an the fall of a god an godess
crossover
Ryoko an Tenchi finely reveal there true power

tenchi5055@hotmail.com