I do not own these charicters, except for a few. (Things in this story don't 
start getting good till chapter 4 or 5.)

No Need For Family
			            Chapter 2: New Residents

	"That's her! That's the girl!" Aeka proclaimed, pointing while hopping up 
and down. 
	"This is Maiaka, she's going to be staying with us for a while." Nobiyuki 
explained.
Maiaka eyes were shut and she was muttering under her breath. A small blue 
sheild went up around her and she opened her eyes.
	"Hmm...What do we have here?" Washu asked, and reached out to touch the 
small blue sheild. A bolt of static electricity made her stop in her tracks.
	"Defense mechanizems,"Maiaka shrugged.
	"And you would be?" Washu asked in reply.
	"I am Maiaka, and I have come here on a mission. I can give you no more 
information than that."
	"Well, Maiaka, are you hungry? Want anything?" Yosho asked.
	"No, not really."
	"What do you like to do?" Sasami asked eagerly.
	"I like to create science experiments and cook... I'm not that good at 
anything else except volleyball."
	"You want to help me make breakfast tommorrow?" Sasami asked excitedly. 
	"Ok...I normally do the cooking at home. And you are Sasami, right?"
	"Hey, How did you know that?"
	"I saw you earlier. And you are Aeka. I don't know much besides that."
San-ohki, tired of waiting around, was pulling at her hair. 
	"This is my pet, San-ohki..." Maiaka explained as she swatted at the small 
blue cabbit. "She's a pest."
	San-ohki meowed in dissagreement. Something caught Maiaka's eye. A small 
object on a hook was sitting on a table. Maiaka went over and in interest, 
touched it. San-ohki jumped down and swatted at it, and managed to get it off 
the hook.
	"Oh, you have never seen a telephone, have you?" Sasami asked blankly.
	"Umm...our phones aren't like this. They have a moniter so you can actully 
see the person."
Sasami looked confused, so Maiaka told her to forget about it. 
	"Where is everybody?" Maiaka asked, looking around.
	"They went to their rooms. You can sleep on the couch tonight, we'll get 
you a bed in the morning." Sasami replied, yawning.
	"Okay," Maiaka replied shyly.
After she settled down on the couch, thoughts of what happened earlier came to 
mind. Maiaka started to cry, but she heard a voice behind her. She looked up and 
saw San-ohki at her feet. She turned around and a small person was standing a 
few feet in front of her. Whoever it was was only about a foot taller than her. 
	"What's wrong?" the person asked, and turned on a light. Maiaka blinked a 
few times to get her eyes in focus, and when she did she realized the person in 
front of her was Washu, or the Washu from the 20th century.
	Maiaka stared at her blankly, then looked at a clock. She had been lying 
there for 6 hours. It was 3:35 a.m. 
	"What's wrong?" Washu asked again.
	"I can't sleep..." Maiaka stuttered in fear. "I miss my mommy, but she's 
dead. So is my Daddy. They died earlier today."
	"I'm sorry to hear about your mother...um..." Washu seemed to be thinking 
hard.
	"Maiaka."
	"Maiaka. Come here," She said gently.
After a few secounds, Maiaka obeyed. Washu led her to the door of what looked 
like a broom closet. Washu could see Maiaka was confused, so she opened the 
door. Maiaka was lead into a laboratory. 
	"You're quite interesting, Maiaka."
	Maiaka seemed to be lost in thought.
	"I would like to get to know you better."
	Maiaka just looked at her.
	"You like science, am I correct?"
	"Y...Yes.."
The questioning went on and on till 5:43 in the morning, when Maiaka fell 
asleep. Washu picked her up and seemed to feel some odd energy from the girl. It 
seems she was in someway related to her, but she didn't know how. After putting 
Maiaka in her bed, she still seemed to have that warm, soft feeling. 
	"What could this be?" she wondered, and fell asleep thinking about it. 


 
