	OK ok like before Tenchi Muyo does not *BELONG* to me it belongs to the 
talented people at Pioneer entertainment.  The character I officially own is 
Blaine or any other characters that are not affiliated with pioneer or 
Funimation. The Super sayian ability belongs to Funimation.  So having that 
said and done, I hope I won't be sued.

	Blaine: Well your awfully lucky, I get assimilated and I think that's not 
legal!

	Dan: Jeez! Just be happy you don't die a horrid death.  I COULD arrange 
that if you wanted too.

	Blaine {sweat drop}: Heh heh heh.... No I think that you are doing a fine 
job already.

	Dan: Good, now show them the legend and have Tenchi do the intro.

	Blaine: (sighs)...Yes sir. {Actions} (Sounds) [Emotions]  <Thoughts>.

	Tenchi: (laughs) you're not getting on Dan's good side are you?  Well so 
far I battled Kagato and lost badly.  Blaine arrives and has an idea to get 
me back to feeling 100% but there are some extreme risks.  With no further 
delay we present...






	Tenchi Muyo NO ROOM FOR MISTAKES.




		Blaine is practicing with Ryoko holding a dummy resembling Tenchi.  
Ryoko's job is to let go of Tenchi right before the Khameahameaha wave hits 
Tenchi and get safely away.  All this is taking outside of the house.


Daniel{powering up}: Kkkhhhhaaa!!!!!
		   : Mmmeeeaaa!!!!				      			  	   : Hhhaaaaaa!!!!
		   : Mmmeeeaaa!!!!
		   : Hhhhhaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


	On time Ryoko lets the dummy go and flies off. The dummy is engulfed in the 
energy wave and is incinerated.  They both see what happens to the dummy.  A 
harsh silence sets on the practice area.  Yosho comes into the field to 
announce something.  Blaine falls to his knees from all the visions of 
everything that can go wrong.

	Yosho: Don't worry Blaine.  That is just a dummy not Tenchi.  Let's go 
inside and get something to eat.  There you can tell me what you have been 
up to.

	Blaine: (panting)...Yeah, thanks... Yosho I needed that.  But you know what 
is at stake here.  There is absolutely no room for errors.  I couldn't go on 
living, if I had failed Tenchi and the others...they had done so much for 
me.  Healing my wounds, putting up with my shattered pride and getting me to 
believe that there is more to life than the next big fight!  I can't fail 
now!

	Yosho: I see Blaine. Tell me, will you be any good to Tenchi and the others 
when you kill yourself over preparing for this?

	Blaine [shocked]: You are right Yosho.  Hey Ryoko I'm starved! Let's go get 
some food!

	Ryoko: Alright. I'll meet you in the house, ok?

	Blaine: Yeah, sure I'll be in shortly after I talk to Yosho.

	Ryoko: Fine. See you 'till then.

	Yosho: You wanted to tell me something?

	Blaine: What is about to unfold this morning, do you have any faith in me?  
Because I'm really scared.

	Yosho: I'm going to tell you the most valuable advice I can give you.  
Listen carefully, "The future is an enigma which no one can comprehend, 
nothing, ...nothing, ... turns out as expected."  Do you understand me?

	Blaine: Thanks for the wisdom, let's go see what Sasami has made for 
dinner.

	Blaine and Yosho walk the house not saying a word but staying respectfully 
quiet.  They make their way into the dinning room and sit at the table.  
Sasami shyly brings the food for everyone out and Blaine greets Sasami 
warmly.

	Blaine: Sasami! What a feast you have made for us!  I'll enjoy every bite.

	Sasami [blushes]: Thank you Blaine, I heard you were here so I tried 
something new.

	Blaine: Don't worry, sayians eat anything that resembles food (laughs).

	Sasami giggles and runs into the kitchen.  Later she brings out miso soup, 
smoked fish, and rice as a last course for the meal.  For Daniel, being a 
sayian, she brought a roasted chicken.  Everyone started to dig in; Ryoko 
brought a bottle of sake to the table.  Blaine asked for a cup not knowing 
how strong it is, he turned red and everyone teased him a bit.

	Blaine: (Whew!) Man, if you like that stuff then try this.


	Blaine pulled out a small flask and gave it to Ryoko.  Daniel told of his 
journeys around the world one of his favorite spots was America, which is 
where he got the flask. When Blaine finished Ryoko promptly took a long swig 
from the flask and turned beet red.  Blaine laughed his head off and Ayeka 
was making fun of Ryoko.

	Ayeka: Well Ryoko It seems you can't handle your liquor. (Giggle)

	Ryoko {Angry}: Ohh yeah!?  Well drink this and keep a straight face!

	Ayeka [Grinning]: I shall, but if I do, I get Tenchi!

	Ayeka took a big gulp and turned just as red as Ryoko, Daniel took the 
flask and drank longer than the two combined not even blushing slightly.  
The others laughed and clapped at Blaine's trick.  He sat down by Sasami and 
petted a particularly happy cabbit.

	Ryo-Ohki: Miyaa. Miyaa-miii-yaaa (purr).

	Blaine: Such a cute thing.  Sasami, do you think I can pull this off?

	Sasami: Don't ask that. We have absolute faith in you.

	Blaine: Thanks Sasami.  I want to give you something.  Can you take care of 
it incase if something should happen?

	Sasami: Sure, what is it?

	Blaine: It is a ring that my father, Gohan, had given me before I left.  It 
has given me luck ever since I left to go explore the world. I think you 
should have it because I like you the most out of all the other ladies.

	Blaine drops the ring in Sasami's hand and walks upstairs to get rest.  For 
one moment he turns back to smile at Sasami and break up the usual fight 
Ryoko and Ayeka have over Tenchi.  After that they all went to bed.  In the 
morning everything had been set up for the big moment.  Daniel was in the 
bathroom getting himself together.

	Blaine: <Come on Blaine! You can do this for sure! They are depending in 
you to revive Tenchi, get your shit on order and MOVE!!!!>


	A knock on the door sounds and is followed by Sasami's voice.  Blaine opens 
the door.

	Sasami: Blaine, I have something to show you.  Follow me.

	Blaine: Sasami?  What is it?

	Sasami: Just follow me, ok.

	Blaine: Of course, whatever you say.


	Blaine follows Sasami into her room.  Blaine is still wondering why Sasami 
led him into here, the room abruptly fills with a dark blue aurora and 
Sasami is replaced with Tsunami.  Blaine in complete awe of her assimilation 
barely squeaks out a question.

	Blaine {Amazed}: Why?  Sasami, why?

	Tsunami: It's because she loves you dearly.  She joined with me early for 
you, Blaine.  Do you feel the same why for her?


	Daniel: I do, it's because she resembled a woman I had held dear to me.  
One night, I proposed to her and she accepted.  We had spent the night 
together, holding each other in our sleep.  That was when Sherotoma came.  
He beat me badly and forced me to watch him slay her, when I was better I 
got revenge when I turned super sayian 3.  I slain him but, it didn't change 
the sorrow I felt.  Then I fought Tenchi and lost to him, Sasami would come 
down personally and bring me my food, I saw the same gentle and peaceful 
tranquil in her eyes.  I had thought she was the reincarnation of my love, 
Aria.

	Tsunami & Sasami (crying): Blaine... I love you!

	Blaine: Me, too.

	Blaine and Tsunami embraced one another; Blaine stroked her hair lightly, 
kissed her deeply, and forced himself to depart only to say one thing.

	Blaine: If my plan works out with Tenchi, I'll show you my other ring I 
have.


	Blaine walked out of the house followed by Tsunami, Ayeka and Ryoko were 
stunned but she told them not to worry about their chances with Tenchi.  
Blaine was in the center of he field and ready to go Washu brought the lab 
bed Tenchi was on and started to disconnect the life support.  Ryoko quickly 
picked Tenchi up and held him at the designated spot.  Everyone came out to 
see if this would work or not.  Washu was steadily taking notes on her holo 
computer.

	Blaine: Ryoko, are you ready?

	Ryoko: Blaine, lets do this and... Good luck.

	Blaine: Okay.  I'm powering up!


	Blaine started to power up; he grunted and gnarled for a bit as the red 
aurora of his rising fighting power became bigger.  Soon he started the 
screaming of his power level still raising.  Then his body became more bulky 
and muscular he was near.  Something seemed to push his powering up a bit 
quicker.  It was the thought of failing everyone.


	Blaine: <No! I won't let these thoughts get in my way! I will do this I 
will succeed! >...Aaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!


	His screaming got really bad and a white light engulfed him blinding all 
that were watching him, when the light subdued there was no screaming, 
Blaine had reached a new level of super sayian, he was a level 4.

	Washu {Puzzled}: How? I just saw him power up to level three, his top level 
and WHAM!! Now he's a level 4?!! I don't get it!

	Yosho: His feelings were pushed to its limits, this was a way to let his 
tension out.  He doesn't want to fail Tenchi after all that he did for 
Blaine.  Now lets see how he can carry out his plans.


	Blaine [looks at himself]: <Amazing! I'm a level 4!  Maybe now I can do 
this! >... This one is for you Tenchi!!!!

	Blaine: Kha!!!
	Blaine: Mea!!!
	Blaine: Ha!!!!
	Blaine: Mea!!!
	Blaine: Hhhaaa!!!


	The wave was fast but Ryoko could get away safely with precise timing.  The 
wave engulfed Tenchi and Blaine sensed his life force returning.  Blaine had 
actually pulled it off! One thing went wrong; Tenchi's life was fading fast. 
Blaine put more power into it but to no avail, Tenchi opened his eyes and 
pointed at Blaine.  Blaine's mind filled with foreign thoughts.

**Writers Note!  The next lines in "" will be the conversation between the 
minds of Tenchi and Blaine**

	"You are trying to heal me?"

	"Of course!  Tenchi, what's happening?"

	"I don't know. I only see a warm light I think I'll check it out."

	"NO!! Stay with me! Follow the sound of my voice!"

	"Ok, Blaine here I come."


	Blaine is consumed by a blue aurora given off by Tenchi.  They slowly start 
spinning around one another progressively getting faster.


	Washu: What in the hell?? My console is going nuts!!

	Blaine: TTssuunnaammii!!!!!!!!

	Tsunami: Blaine!!!


	The speed has now reached a critical high and a bolt of lightning hits in 
the center of Blaine and Tenchi's orbit.  One body not two hit the earth and 
makes a smoking crater.  Everyone runs to the crash site, Tsunami is the 
first to be there.

	Tsunami {worried}: Blaine?? Blaine?!

	Tenchi: Ohh.... man! How did I get here?  What happened?  All I remember 
was Kagato was about to finish me.

	Ryoko: Tenchi!!!

	Ayeka: Lord Tenchi!!!

	Ryoko and Ayeka run to Tenchi wrapping their arms around him and crying.  
Tsunami still looks for Blaine but can't find him; she turns and grabs 
Tenchi by the shirt with eyes filled with tears, and questions Tenchi.

	Tsunami: What happened to Blaine?!

	Tenchi: Tsunami?  I don't know, but he told me just to follow his voice.


	Tenchi shudders and screams in pain, like is something is trying get out of 
his body.  He starts spouting new arms and legs.  One of the arms pushes off 
of Tenchi and a second body is accounted for.  It was Blaine, minus his 
clothing.  He lay there gasping for air.

	Blaine: Tsunami, help me up please.  I barely made it out without 
permanently assimilating to Tenchi.  Looks like I need some clothes ehh, 
(weak laugh).


	Blaine passes out, with a smile on his face, he actually did it.  Fast 
forward a couple weeks we find Blaine and Tenchi hard at practice.  Tsunami 
brings up a pitcher of tea and Blaine kisses her lightly on the cheek.  
Apparently they had developed a relationship since the assimilation incident 
between Blaine and Tenchi.

	Blaine: Watch this Tsunami, it's a new technique Tenchi and I had 
developed.  Ready Tenchi?

	Tenchi: Lets do it!

	Blaine and Tenchi started to run on a collision course for each other. 
Instead of colliding, they formed the same blue sphere when they first 
assimilated the only different thing was the time it took to disappear.  
When it did the newly formed Tenchi/Blaine persona was created.  He looked 
like Tenchi but taller, muscular, he had a tail, his hair was braided into 
long locks, his face was Tenchi's but the abilities were fully combined 
between the two.

	Tsunami: Amazing! You can split back up right?

	Blaine/Tenchi: Yes but, Blaine won't be nude anymore (chuckle).


	A clapping sound was heard from above.  It was Kagato. He was floating in 
the air.

	Kagato (clapping): Indeed that is most impressive!  Now, tell me.  What do 
you plan to do with these newfound abilities?  Take me on and kill me?


	Tenchi/Blaine: Yeah, that is the general idea, want to know the name for 
this form? It's Draco.

	Draco leapt up in the air to start the battle.  The fight was insane, the 
balance shifted between Kagato and the newly created Draco.  Not too soon 
every person within the Masaki home ran to the battlefield.

	Ayeka: Lord Tenchi let me aid you!

	Ryoko: That's right! We have some unsettled issues to finish!

	Draco: No!! This battle is mine!  I want to make him pay for all the pain 
and suffering he has caused!

	Draco leaped up and made an over head slash with the sword Yosho on Kagato, 
he blocked it as predicted.  Draco taking this open window opportunity to 
swiftly boots him in the stomach.  Kagato reeled from the blow gasping for 
air.  This gave Draco time to summon Tenchi's light hawk wings.  The wings 
quickly came into existence. Instead of the usual three there were a awe 
inspiring seven.  Two went to his legs another two to the arms, one to the 
head, and the last two still stayed in the air. The five light hawk wings 
formed samurai armor that looked Jurian in nature.  The two that remained 
untouched turned into kattanas that quickly went to the sides of his hips.

	Kagato [Frightened]: What is this?  How can you summon seven?!  It was a 
mistake to come here!!

	Draco: You are partially right about that!  It was wrong to ever mess with 
us from the beginning!  All the pain, suffering, and grief you have caused 
me and the people I hold dear is now over!!  I'm going to end it here and 
now!!


	Draco summoned all the strength he could; Kagato did nothing but look in 
horror.  Draco drew the katannas and made them shimmer a deep blood red.  
Draco made a rush towards Kagato to deal the final blow.

	Kagato: No!! I'll take you with me!!(Battle cry)


	Draco did a sort of spiral slash on Kagato; Kagato in return dealt a deep 
gash on Draco's face.  Kagato flew up in the sky for some time before 
exploding.  With vengeance being dealt Draco split into Tenchi and Blaine, 
they both flew down to the ground to receive the warm congratulations.

	Ayeka & Ryoko: Tenchi!  You're our hero!!! {Tackle Tenchi smothering him 
with affection}

	Tsunami:  Blaine! You did it!

	Blaine: Come here you!  Gimie a kiss! {Kisses Tsunami}

	Washu: How can you and Tenchi both fly and do what you just did?!

	Blaine: Well, when we were assimilated it amplified our abilities and 
strengths. It also shared our unique abilities with each other.

	Washu: Ok. That seems logical enough but how can you join and separate on 
pure free will?

	Blaine: We are integrated as one, but not as you think.

	Tenchi: We are one on a level that exceeds the flesh, more like the soul, I 
was so close to dying that Blaine took me as a part of himself.  I still am 
Tenchi but, just a little more unique.

	 Everyone happy that everything has returned to somewhat normal, they went 
into house to have a big celebration.

  Blaine and Tsunami were nowhere to be found.  We now go to the rooftop of 
the Masaki home.  There Tsunami and Daniel sit together.

	Blaine: Tsunami. I have something to show you.

	Tsunami: What is it Blaine?

	Blaine pulls out a small box; he opens it and puts an elegant looking ring 
on Tsunamis' finger.  It was golden, with a pink sapphire in the center.  
The sides had a rose vine background carved into it up to the jewel making 
it look like a golden rose.

	Tsunami: Blaine...it's beautiful!

	Blaine: Will you marry me, Tsunami?


________________________________________________________________________
Ends part 2 of episode 1. In the next episode, Blaine marries Tsunami, 
Tenchi is asked to be the best man; Ayeka and Ryoko seem to be hunted by a 
mysterious bounty hunter.  This and many more events are to come in Episode 
2: Wedding day.  Hit me with praise or punishment at (evldan@homail.com) 
now, PEACE OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

