I do NOT own these charicters, except for a few. This is one of the best parts 
of my story. This is basically before Maiaka has to go back to the 20th century 
to warn her parents of danger. This is how the whole problem was caused...

No Need For Family
				Prolouge: 
In the 30th century, on a planet called Jurai:

"Mommy? Daddy? Hello?" Maiaka wandered around throughout the house, and dicided 
to check the lab.
"Mommy? Are you here?" Maiaka walked through the lab where she found her mother 
laying on the floor, a puddle of blood around her.
"Mommy?! What happened?"
Washu let out a small groan and flopped over. 
"Daddy? Jen? Help!" Maiaka wailed, but nothing came.
"Jen! Help!" She heard rustling noises and a small alaskan malamute appeared 
before her. 
"What do you want?" Jen demanded, licking her paw.
"I don't know what happened! I think mommy is dead!"
"Hmm...I shall go get your father."

"Tenchi! Tenchi, where are you?" Jen had searched everywhere but he wasen't to 
be found.
"Huh? Is this blood?" She asked when she saw small red spots everywhere, leading 
into the kitchen. Sasami was laying on the floor, blood around her. 

"Maiaka! Everyone in the house is dead, and there is no sign of your father!" 
Jen reported.
"Jen, what is happening? I'm scared...What's going to happen to us?"
"We have to find out what the source of the murders are."
Maiaka turned around, just in time to see her mother's body dissapear, along 
with everyone elses.
"What, What is going on?" Maiaka sat down and began to cry in fear. 
"I am not sure...If only I knew..."
Maiaka stood up and walked outside. The crisp evening air felt cold on her warm 
tear stained face. She walked in the forest for what felt like forever, and got 
lost.
"Jen, what are we going to do?" she cried, hugging Jen close.
"I'm not sure little one. We'll get home soon enough."
"Jen, what's that?"
Maiaka was staring at a cave in the distance, that was lit up.
"I'm not sure. I've never seen it before."
Maiaka entered the cave and walked deep into it. She came across doors now and 
then, but they just stopped. She put her hand up against the cold metal 
doorknob. She opened the door and went in.  When she closed the door she relized 
that Jen had dissapeared. She focused on the room to see if anything was in 
there. Three tubes were lit up in the middle of the room. Each was a different 
color and had a different creature in it. Maiaka backed away and touched the 
doorknob. It felt as if she was being watched. She turned around. Each of the 
creatures had their eyes open and in an instant, had dissapeared. 
	"Oh my god..." she murmered, frozen in fear.
	She opened another door and came to another hallway, except this one had 
more doors. She chose a door that led into a dark room that smelled of mold and 
mildew. In the back of the room stood two test tubes. Maiaka went over and 
touched the blue test tube. The fog inside subsided, and she could she what was 
in it. 
	"It can't be!"
She touched the pink test tube and the same thing happened. Inside the test 
tubes were her parents. That was the last thing she saw before she was knocked 
out. 
	When she awoke, She was in a room, with crystal walls, floors and 
ceilings. 
	"Where am I? What happened?"
	"Hello," a voice from the back of the room said.
	She turned around and a girl her age was standing there. Behind her where 
thousands of stone statues of different people. All of them looked like they 
came from Jurai. The girl was short, the exact same hight as Maiaka, with long 
wavy pink hair. She wore a long skirt and a proper Juraian long sleeved shirt. 
	"Who are you?" Maiaka shuddered, scared of the girl.
	"I don't know my name anymore, I have been in here so long." she 
responded.

					 ******

	"I have been expecting you, Jen."
	Jen woke up from an eerie sleep. She had no clue where she was, and no 
clue how she got there. 
	"Look around doggie, what do you see?"
	Jen lifted her head slowly and glanced around. Test tubes of all colors 
where fogged up, lined in a horseshoe. Jen could barely tell what was in the 
tubes. Standing up, she walked slowly to one of the test tubes. She pressed her 
paw against the floor and made her body glow an eerie blue, and all the fog in 
the tubes departed. Everybody was in the Household was in a tube. Everyone, 
except for Maiaka. 
	"What did you do with the princess?" Jen demanded.
	"It isn't important. She is alive, unlike these useless souls."
	"WHERE IS SHE???!!!"Jen growled, her teeth beared.
	"She is in one of thousands of chambers. She will be here forever, until 
her soul rots and she turns into stone."
	Before Jen could say anything, she was transported to an outside place, It 
looked much like the park she roamed around in in the 20th century.  In the 
middle of it was a huge pillar, with a throne on the top. A girl with short 
black hair was sitting on the throne. She had an extravagant dress of black. 
	"Jen, I know you hate crabs, go ahead, kill one. There are plenty of them 
around here, It wouldn't matter that much."
	It was true, actully, she really did hate crabs. It had nothing to do with 
Washu, because Washu was one of the few people in the world she actully liked. 
Jen glanced at the girl, who had an evil smirk on her face, and the crab, 
sitting at her feet, staring at her with it's beady little eyes. Jen lifted her 
paw and put it down on the crab. The crab glowed a sickining green, and died 
right there on the spot. Jen heard a firmilier scream.

	Maiaka looked around the room. 
	"Where'd my mommy go? I want my mommy!"
	"I don't know," the girl replied calmly."I don't feel sorry for you 
because everyone else trapped in this room wants their mother too."
	"Everyone... else?" Maiaka turned around.
	"All of these statues are people that have been here before. Everyone who 
stays here over 100 years turns into stone like them."
	"Hmmm...I know Karate, Gymnastics, and Volleyball. Perhaps if I put my 
skills together, I can bust down the door and get out of here."
	"You're wasting you're time. Everyone's tried that already."
	Maiaka, who clearly wasn't listening, jumped and kicked at the door. After 
about three hours, she gave up, sore and beaten. Through tears, she managed to 
say a few words. 
	"Impossible...Just plain impossible." she cried.
	"If you're going to be here forever, you might want to get use to the 
place and become friends. By the way, My name is Miko. I just remebered. What's 
yours?"
	"Maiaka. And I don't want to get use to this place because I will get out 
of here, even if it kills me!" She said sternly.
	Before Miko could respond, they heard a scream. Maiaka took a few moments 
to realize who the scream was from, and when she did she squeled in horror. 
	"Mommy!" She called out. "Mommy! Where are you? Mommy?"
	"You're mother is dead, Maiaka, you have to accept that."
	"No..." she cried. "No...." Maiaka sunk down to the ground and cried. Miko 
sat down next to her.
	"Squeeze my hand with your pain." Miko said softly.
Maiaka looked at her for a few secounds, a took her hand and gave it a firm 
sqeeze. She felt better a few minutes later, but not by much.


				*******

	"Ha ha, you stupid dog." The girl on the throne laughed. They were 
transported back to the room with the tubes. 
	"What did you do with Washu?" Jen demeanded.
	"She's dead. Gone forever."
	Jen looked up at the pink test tube. Washu was gone. 
	Before Jen could do anything, she was surrounded by little glass cups, 
filled with water.
	"Watch where you step, doggie. Try and get across the room without 
breaking any glass."
Jen looked at her oppertunities and took a step forward then another. On her 
fourth step, she felt something hit her paw and make a shattering sound. 
	"Oh, the doggie broke a glass. How sad. Now you'll have to pay." She 
snapped her fingers and Jen heard another scream.


				*******

	Maiaka was woke from her restless sleep by another scream. She shook in 
fear as she figured out who it was. 
	"Daddy!" She called out into the dark room. "Daddy!"
	"Two down. Your sister or brother, if you have one, is next."
	Maiaka, layed down on the floor and cried. Again Miko reached out her hand 
and Maiaka squeezed. An hour later she fell into another restless sleep.

				*******

	Jen had two more steps to go. She got an odd look, and leaped into the 
cleared space.
	"Oh doggie, you lose again. I told you not to jump..." The girl said in a 
mocking voice. She leaned back in her chair and snapped. All of the glasses 
broke. Everyone screamed, and again, it was silent. Jen layed on the floor and 
whimpered.

				*******
	
	Maiaka was woke up once again by screams. Maiaka curled up in a tight 
ball.
	"This is a dream," she whispered. "I'll wake up and be back home in the 
palace, on my bed. This is all a dream." 
	"This is reality, please try and accept it."
	"I don't accept things like this easily! I have a soul unlike other 
people!" She hissed.
Miko reached out her hand. "Some things can be changed, but only if you go back 
in the past and warn the person before it actully happens," She reached her hand 
out. "I can give you enough energy to do that. I don't give up my energy, but 
your pain can be converted into energy."
Maiaka took her hand and squeezed it. Both her and Miko started to glow. 
	"Your mother's spirit will tell you what to do when you get there. When 
you are done with your mission, You will be teleported back here. If it works, 
Everyone's spirit will appear in here and tell you how to get out of here."
	The next thing Maiaka knew, she was in the 20th century...
