	Legal stuff: Tenchi Muyo! belongs to AIC and Pioneer Animations. Raikon , 
Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao belong to me. Akina Makibi and Yukio belong to 
Liz Holt. 
Enjoy! :)

***********************************************************************


	Late into the afternoon of the third day, they had finally reached Jurai. 
"Were here," Raikon said camly to Kiyone whom was at his right side. She was 
glued to his arm; she scarcely ever left 
his side over those three days. Unless they played ping-pong, of course. 
They walked together, ate together, and slept together.
They slept together both anticipating what would occur in the very near 
future. She wanted nothing more than to stay with this wonderful man. 
She wanted nothing more than to melt that fourty-four inch, Royal 
Teardrop candle on his body.
	Raikon looked over to his fianc,. "Could you get everyone and tell them 
we've arrived?" "Sure thing, hun," she replied, staring into that warming 
expression. She walked off to get the others.
[Ahhh...I'm finally home. I've missed this old place. I don't have to 
worry about frightened faces any longer. I am at ease once more. Wonder 
if they changed anything...] Raikon turned around just as everyone 
reached the deck.
	It has been a while," Yosho piped up. "Yes it has," Ayeka said.  Kiyone 
walked up to Raikon. "Three more days," she whispered. "Yes." He smiled into her 
deep blue eyes.
"May I...?" Raikon bent at the waist and put out his hand. Kiyone gently 
put her hand in his. She smiled and nodded. Raikon straightened and 
seized her other hand and put it to neck height. He brought their other 
hands at waist level.
They proceeded to waltz.
Tenchi, blinking in suprise, said, "Wow. You guys are good." "Thank 
you," Raikiyo said simultaneously. Their dance is flawless. Movement was 
made with seraphine quicksilver.
Everyone watching simply said, "Wow."
As the ship entered Jurai's atmospere, Saikyou's motors slowed as it 
lowered slowly to the surface. Raikiyo continued to waltz, suddenly 
ceasing right before Saikyou made ground contact. "Now, we're finally 
here," Raikon sighed as he walked to the hatch door with Kiyone at his 
side. He paused a moment as the hatch opened. He started down the ramp 
with Kiyone still at his flank and everyone else following behind. 
Raikon looked about and smiled at what he saw.
His great Juraian Palace.
	Raikiyo walked together along a path towards the entrance with a water 
flow on either side of the path. As they approached the arching gate, Kiyone 
rested her head on Raikon's broad shoulder. 
"Could you show me the ballrooms?" she asked him.
He looked down and smiled. "Sure." They continued on and entered the 
palace. The Tenchi crew followed a good ten feet behind them.
	Raikiyo tranced down the Grand Hall as they reached the ballrooms. "Here 
they are," he told her. "This is the Blizzara Room." He pushed open the pair of 
doors to his left. The room was 
comepletely blue, although in different shades. It had an airy 
disposition.
	They walked through the expansive room until they reached another set of 
doors and were greeted by a warm atmosphere. "This would be the Fira Room," 
Raikon said with a sweep of his hand. The 
ballroom was abound with deep reds, oranges, and yellows tiered out in a 
blaze of Topaz. "Let's continue."
	Through the next double doors they continued. On entering the Terra 
Ballroom, they were presented to greens and Earth tones. The room flowed of a 
soothing sonata. Raikon smiled at Kiyone as 
they approached the final, huge, two doors.
	He pushed the giant doors open. Upon entrance Raikiyo were blasted by a 
sensual rush of electricity. Kiyone held rapture at the feeling...for, it was 
the same feeling she retained when they 
touched. 
"Thundara..," they whispered. The two kissed. A film of elecricity 
formed over them like a shell. Kiyone looked around: The entire vast 
room was engulfed in beautiful irridescence.
"Thundara," Kiyone quietly repeated in sheer amazement. They resumed 
their waltz in the lovely, exansive, thunderous temple.
A few minutes later, they noticed Ayeka and Ryoko both trying to get 
Tenchi to waltz with them.  
"C'mon Tenchi," Ryoko whined. "Let's dance."
"Wouldn't you rather dance with me, Tenchi?" 
Raikon growled.
"No, Ayeka. He'd rather dance with ME!" Ryoko boomed.
"Tenchi shall dance with ME, Ryoko do you understand?!"
Raikon growled.
The girls stared into each other's eyes and growled. 
Suddenly, they felt their hair floating from off their shoulders. They 
looked over.
Raikon's hand was in the air.
Their eyes contracted.
*buzzz....CCCRRRAAACCCKKKK*
"Hmm," Raikon grunted pleasantly. They quiet.
"What is it?" Kiyone asked.
"It must be getting late," he replied.
She checked her communication watch. "It is." They walked of to their 
left and towards a door.
	Ryoko and Ayeka, just regaining conciousness, returned to their feet. 
"Hey! Where are you guys going?!" "Brother! That hurt! Hey, come back here!"
He turned and looked back. "We're going to bed." He had a glint in his 
eye and a pleasant smile. That smile always made them forget why they 
were mad at him. Ayeka and Ryoko turned their anger to each other.
"Oh, Ryoko. I do love your hair." "Yeah. Love it so much you had to 
steal it." 
Raikiyo walked out through the double doors.
"Grrr..." They once again started laughing maniacally. "It looks like 
you were playing with a light socket, princess!" "Yeah? You look like 
you were playing with Raikon!!"
"Yeah?! So?!" 
"I'LL KILL YOU!" Kiyone seethed as she strangled Ryoko. 
"Help...guh...*ack*...me!" she gurgled. Ayeka was laughing like a mad 
woman. 
Kiyone felt a hand on her shoulder. She stopped the strangulation and 
smiled. She closed her eyes and put her hand on his. Their fists 
clenched with one another. Ryoko rubbed her neck. "Ow." Silence resigned 
as Raikiyo walked out the door. Ayeka stopped laughing and rubbed her 
temple. 
"My sister," Akina laughed. "Ahhh....Oh boy."

	"Where are we going to sleep?" Kiyone asked. "We'll stay in my corridors. 
Which are actually my Esuna House." She looked up at him with confusion. "Esuna 
House?" 
Raikon chuckled. "Honeymoon Suite." She giggled. They reached his 
corridors in a matter of minutes. She saw borders of thunderbolts 
running along the ceiling. And beautiful irridescence shimmering 
mystically from the walls. To their left they came to a large door. He 
spread his hand to it. "This would be the Suite..." He opened the door 
and Kiyone gazed about the vast area. "And this is your bedroom...Our 
bedroom? Wow. Big bed. She lifted off the ground and teleported above 
the bed. She let herself go.
She giggled as she landed on the mattress. Raikon leaped  forward with 
the power of a lancer and somersaulted high into the air. 
Somewhere between the bed and the ceiling, he teleported, like Kiyone 
over the bed, making a soft landing. He stroked her hair back with one 
hand and ran his other down under her back and pulled her closer to him. 
He smoothed her lovely locks of teal as she tangled her hands in his 
turquoise hair. Kiyone wrapped her arms around him and whispered, "We're 
finally alone." She giggled.
"They began the precession of kissing with open mouths and will-o'-the-
wisp tongues in cheek. Not more than a minute into the session did they 
look over and see everyone standing in the doorway. Raikiyo looked at 
each other then teleported to a standing position. They walked up to the 
door, smiling. 
	"Well, I think we all should be getting to bed. It's starting to get late. 
And don't worry, aunt Misaki, I'll behave." She patted him on the head.
He closed the door as everyone left and turned off the main lights in 
the room. Raikon shot a small blast at the overhead light, extinguishing 
it when they reached the bed.
They slipped into the great bed and beneath the sheets and luxurious 
comforter. In the darkness, they looked into each other's eyes, kissed, 
and snuggled together.

	For the next three days wedding plans were arranged and ideas were 
discussed. Practice runs were performed and prepared. Everyone was so excited 
that it finally came.
	

	She was so beautiful in her pure white bridal dress. He loved her. He was 
so handsome in his Juraian tuxedo. She loved him. She smiled at him for, 
although in a tuxedo, still wore his flowing 
cape.
Yosho walked with his brother's elegant wife up the runway. The teal 
tressed seraph dressed in white did everything in her power to stop 
herself from running up, and leaping into her prince's arms. He couldn't 
contain the desire of sweeping her off her feet and into his arms. 
And finally...The moment came. She reached the end of the runway. Akina 
stood down from the platform behind Raikiyo. She was dressed in her old 
priestess garb she miraculously found in her storage.
She opened the Good Book and began.
	"Prince and officer Raikon Jurai. You are to marry this woman. Do you 
swear to love her, to keep her, to hold her and protect her all the rest of your 
days, and as long as you both shall 
live?" 
"I do."
"And Officer Kiyone Makibi, soon to be Officer Kiyone Makibi Jurai. You 
are to marry this man. Do you swear to love him, to keep him, to hold 
him and swear fidelity to him all the rest of your days, and as long as 
you both shall live?" 
"I do."
"Then. Before I proceed, is there any soul whom objects to this meeting 
and connection of lives, spirits, and souls?" Raikiyo glanced around the 
room.
	So many people were gathered:
The families of those Raikon killed,
The SA officers knowing of Raikon and Kiyone alike,
And others...They noticed them but kept quiet.
He was suprised that not even a single thousand people stood to object 
for their sorrow of their lost loved ones. But they heard what had 
occurred what happened on Saturn. And what would happen if the 
Faeroblosian Empire wasn't destroyed. And unbeknownst to Raikon, many 
people had flown the resort planet when they had found out that the GP 
and UF were both chasing after a single person. 
He was the universe's savior.
No one stood.
"Then, by the Almighty One, and all within my power, the spirits and I 
pronounce you husband and wife. Congradulations. You may kiss the 
bride," Akina finished, grinning.
Raikon lift the veil from o'er her face. Kiyone looked deeply into his 
Royal Teardrop eyes. They stared into each other's crystal orbs. 
Anticipation resigned as the entire crowd watching the precession 
waited...
Actually, the entire universe was watching the precession...
It was on live television, of course.
	Finally, he leaned down, tilted her head back, entangling his hands in her 
hair, and kissed her.
The universal uproar came. Akina wiped a tear from her eye. She looked 
about the expansive room. Her head snapped to a familiar face. Yukio.
Raikiyo went down the aisle past all those people whom, by tradition, 
were tossing rice above them. 
They continued through the long path then through the double doors and 
turned around, leaning their back against the wall as millions upon 
millions of people filed out, turning either left and right, giving 
their congradulations. As the room poured out, they sighed a breath of 
relief. They teleported back into the chapel and sat down into two 
chairs.
Most everyone was sitting down in the front pews. Except for Akina.
	She was staring out at something and her face was a ghostly white. "What 
is it?" Raikon asked her. He and Kiyone looked at where she was staring.
The blood drained from their faces.
"Yukio," Raikon muttered, then shook it off and smiled. "And Nagi. Been 
a long time." "Huh?" Kiyone asked. "You know them, too?" He nodded. 
"Yup. Very well." 
Yukio grabbed Nagi's arm and they walked up to Raikiyo. Suprisingly, 
they both fell to one knee. "Hello Prince Raikon. Hello Princess Kiyone. 
We came to wish you both a happy and long life together," Nagi greeted. 
"Yes," Yukio began, standing up. "Love each other forever. From as much 
as I know from Raikon, he'll love you until the end of time. And then 
some. He'll love you past death. You shall not part in souls or in the 
heart.
Hey, Akina," he finished smiling. She blushed. She ran down to him and 
wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him repeatedly. He replied 
her excited greeting. Yukio combed his hand through her hair and hugged 
her close.
Raikon looked over to Yukio and asked, "You done, kid?" "For now, sir." 
"Okay then. I suppose you'd like to know how I met these two....huh?
Well, not a long time ago, I finally found a way to get from my persuers 
and found a beautiful moon planet (a moon planet being a planet that 
gets most of it's light from a slightly distant but collassal moon.) 
called Umbreinos on which I stayed for about a month. Strangely enough, 
Yukio had the same idea.
We knew who we were. Of course we did. We worked together, not as 
friends, mind you.
Eventually, we found this place, this major city that was starting El 
Festivales de Noches, the Festival of Nights. It's 29 days, a moon cycle 
long. We decided to join in on the fun. We became good pals after that. 
We left after thirty days of being on the planet." 
"The GP found us." 
"Yeah. But it was fun while it lasted."
"Now tell 'em how you met me, Raikon," Nagi told him. "Right. Actually, 
I met Nagi before Xeresei's death. On one of my patrols, I saw Ken-Ohki 
spiraling down onto a satellite of Seion. I was suprised that it was 
actually Ken-Ohki. I rushed to the scene and found Nagi and Ken-Ohki 
lying among the rubble. 
'Are you alright? Wait! You're Nagi! Can you stand up?' She tried to 
move but to no avail. I picked her up and flew back into Saikyou. I 
brought poor Ken-Ohki along, too and hooked him up to an IV. 
Unfortunately, Nagi had fainted.
'Hello? Nagi are you alright? Wake up. Hello?' I asked her. I rapped her 
cheeks a few times. She stirred. 'Nagi!' I yelled. 'Are you okay?' 
'Uughh..Huh?' Her eyes widened.
'Aren't you...Raikon Jurai?!' 'Yes I am, Nagi, ma'am.' 'What's-
AAHHHH!!!' She howled in pain. 'Don't try to move' I told her. 'Tell me 
where it hurts.' 
'I-I-I..' She gasped. 'I think my ribs..are...shattered..' 'Alright. 
Hold on.'
I unbuttoned her jacket and pulled it down." "Huh?" Kiyone nearly 
yelped. "I'll explain, my dear. 'What the hell are you doing?' Nagi 
asked me. 'I'm sorry. It'll just make the healing easier.'" Kiyone 
sighed.
"I waved my hand over her bare chestand shot a blast of healing energy 
into her. 'There. You'll sleep for a few hours, and when you wake up, 
you'll be comepletely healed.' 
'Come closer.' 'Yes what do you need?' I asked her." Just then, Nagi 
blushed.
"I was on my knees and I leaned closer over her. Suddenly, she grabbed 
my shirt and kissed me. 'Thank you' she said before falling back to the 
floor and fell asleep."
Raikon was distracting Kiyone by stroking the nape of her neck in 
feather-light brushes and tickling her throat.
"I took off her cloak and pants to check for any other broken bones and 
batterments. Suprisingly, she had no external wounds. Unforetunately, 
her left tibia and fibula were smashed. Of course she would be healed in 
a few hours.
	"Her hip and pelvic regions were highly damaged as well as her coccyx." 
"You're really into medical science, huh, sweetie?" "Yeah." He softly tickled 
his fingers down her spine through the 
silky dress. He continued down and massaged her bottom.
"After I checked her  for injuries, I wrapped her up in a soft, Teni 
wool blanket (Teni are a Juraian species of sheep.). She woke up in 
about three hours as expected. She was suprised to find herself naked, 
but happy for the blanket. You still have that?" "Yeah."
Raikon continued.
"She put her clothes back on and we decided to talk for a while." "I 
stayed for some time until I got my bearings. Then, we left with 
gratitude." "Chooowww!!!" Ken-Ohki agreed.
Everyone laughed. "Mind if I stay here for a while," Yukio asked. 
"Sure," Raikon replied.
"How about you, Nagi?"  
"I'd love to." She frowned. "But I can't. Well, I'd better be off." She 
walked up to Raikon and kissed him on both cheeks. She turned to Kiyone 
and did the same. As her lips touched her left cheek, she whispered, 
"Love him forever." Nagi stepped back. Kiyone smiled and nodded. Nagi 
grinned back. "See ya around."  
Raikon takes Kiyone's hand. "Let's go."



	The air was intoxicating and filled with electricity. Of course that is 
how it always is in the Thudara Ballroom. But now, more so. Because of Raikon 
and Kiyone Jurai, dancing the night away.
The air was warm. Irridescence on the aires and sky. Elecricity danced 
in sprites.

************************************************************************
**
There! Finally finished. I hope you enjoyed this. There will be more to 
come in the matrimony of Raikon and Kiyone Jurai. I hope you've enjoy it 
thus far...
See you all soon...	 





















