from:JSe7666564

disclaimer: I don't own all of these characters except for 1 or 2 characters.
Most of these came from AIC and Pioneer. I don't intend to make money off of
this and I don't want to get sued. I have no money.

    Aeka screamed in anger when she was watching the news. "A new space
pirate came out of hiding a month ago. His name is unknown but has caused
serious damage to a Galaxy Police Space Station and he also kidnapped Ryoko
who is also a space pirate. He has given us a nickname to call him by "J". A
picture appeared the screen showing a person wearing full body armor and it
was giving the finger. "Please exorcise extreme caution when in space..."
the
screen flickered and showed another picture of J. "Hello Aeka you will soon
be kidnapped too so don't bother hiding." said a voice that was coming from
the TV, then the picture disappeared.

    The Jurain palace was filled with the noise of alarms going off. Bang!
--
Bang! "He's getting in cried Aeka," while she herd the screams of others
"Ever think of of using the trap door smart ass?" A voice said inside Aeka's
head. She started for the secret door when it opened and J popped up. "Sup!"
J shouted.

    "I'm coming to!" cried Susami. "Sorry Susami it's to dangerous for you
to
come." Tenchi said while walking into the GP space ship. "Then why does
Mioshi get to go," "Because she's older then you bye," the door slid shut in
her face. She walked down the ramp with an angry face mumbling to herself.

    "I told you he'd come!" Ryoko shouted in a mocking voice. J sighed and
said "I'll give him an offer he can't refuse," he then let out a hideos
laugh
that echoed off of the walls inside "Zeo" the space ship.

    "Almost there!" shouted Mioshi to Tenchi. "I have a bad feeling about
this," Washu told Tenchi while typing on her computer. "Me too." replied
Tenchi.

    Tenchi and Washu ran down the main hall of Zeo until they came to a
large
bronze door. They stood there amazed at how large the door was, all of a
sudden the door opened with a loud CCCRRREEEAAAKKK! They walked into a large
room made out of emerald. On the left side of the room Aeka floated above  a
pit filled with boiling acid. On the right side of the room Ryoko floated
above a pit with a teleporter inside that would transport her to a black
hole. " Oh no," Tenchi said silently when he relized what would happen.
Washu
then disappeared into the shadows. "Hello Tenchi you know what is going to
happen don't you?" J asked as he teleported next to Tenchi. "Yes..." "Good,
you can ony choose one and the other one will die, so who do you
choose......I'm waiting, I know you like one of them. If you don't love one
I'll kill them both," "I do but I don't want the other one to die either,"
"I
don't really care so hurry AAAAHHHH!" J screamed in pain as sparks went
flying out of his helmet.


    "AAAAHHHH!" J screamed again. "Must get...helmet off." J said in pain
and
pulled off his helmet. "Oh my god," Tenchi managed to say when he saw it's
head. J had black hair, pale skin and red glowing eyes. J blinked and when
his eyes opened they were brown. "NNNNOOOO!" shouted Tenchi as the girls
started to fall. Tenchi started to run towards Ryoko while J ran towards
Aeka. Tenchi jumped over the pit and caught Ryoko in midair at the same time
J caught Aeka. Ryoko looked up at Tenchi smiled and said "I love you," in a
quiet voice. "And I you," Tenchi said in a careing voice. " Oh no." J said
"What's wrong?" asked Tenchi as he looked away from Ryoko and at J who was
holding Aeka. "Where is...Oh no I hope she hasn't..." BBBBBBBOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!

    Kiyone ran into the room and shouted "What happened?!" "Hold her and
bring her back to your ship," J said while dropping Aeka into the confused
cop's arms. J then flew right through the back wall of the glowing room.

    "Why do have to be so foolish Washu?" J said to the lifeless body on the
black floor, he sighed as a scythe appeared in his hand. "I don't enjoy this
job," he said as black smoke surrounded him.

"Hi Washu. Welcome to Limbo," J said to Washu who was sitting on the ground.
"What are you doing here your not dead," said Washu as she looked up at him.
"No but I work for Death and I don't think you should die," "Why?" "I don't
know Tenchi loves Ryoko and your Ryoko's mother...and another reason because
I killed you, so hold onto my hand and close your eyes." Washu did as she
was
told without a question.

    Washu moaned as she opened her eyes "Where am I?" "Your in the GP ship,"
said Kiyone who was leaning over her. "What? Where? Who? How?" "She's tired,
let her rest," said a voice from the corner of the room. "Okay," Kiyone
replied and walked out of the room and closeing the door behind her. J then
stood up walked over to Washu, kneeled down and put his face next to her
ear.
"Don't ever tell anyone what happened. Okay? You scared me for a moment when
I saw you dead" J asked. Washu nodded and asked "Why were you worried?". "I
did something bad... no evil by killing you and I needed you to forgive me
so
do you?" J asked. Washu turned her head to face his and stared into his eyes
"I forgive you," she replied, "Thank you," J said as he disapeared.

    "I never relized it until now, I love you more than anyone else in the
world," Tenchi told Ryoko who was lying on a small bed. "You do?" questioned
Ryoko, "Of course and when we get back to Earth...Can I ask you something?"
"Yes," "Can you uuuhhh will you marry me!" "Yes," and their lips met for the
first time.

    J floated silently towards the bridge of the GP ship wundering where it
is because he knew he had to destroy it to better the universe. He knew the
power of it, "Washu is stupid to have created it." J said to himself.When J
got into the bridge he saw that they were nearing Earth.

    Aeka sat crying in one of the room's of the ship. "Why did he chose
Ryoko?" she sobbed.
"Why?Why?WWWHHHYYY!?" she cried and stopped as if waiting for an answer.
"Why?" she asked again silently.

    "Their home!" Susami shouted as the the red GP ship landed in front of
the Masaki house. Susami with Riy-Oki on her head ran out to greet them. The
ramp extended from the ship and Tenchi holding Ryoko's hand walked down the
ramp with smiles on their faces. "Well I see you two had fun!" Susami
shouted
at Tenchi and Ryoko, Tenchi blushed. J walked down the ramp. "Are you J?"
Susami asked, J nodded and Riy-Oki hissed at him. J tossed a carrot to it,
"Miya!" Everyone left the ship except Aeka. J whispered into Tenchi's ear "I
think you should talk to Aeka," Tenchi nodded and started to walk up the
ramp.

    Tenchi sat down next to Aeka "I'm sorry," Tenchi told Aeka "No I'm sorry
for being an idiot. If I didn't bother you, you would have realized who you
loved earlier on," "But I was the reason for all of the fights," Tenchi then
put his hand over Aeka's mouth. They stood up and started to walk towards
the
exit of the ship.

    "I'm never going to fall asleep!" J moaned. J got Ryoko's room because
she moved into Tenchi's. "Boy I'm thirsty," he thought. J floated through
the
door of the room, "What was that noise I could have sworn I heard something
in ooohhh I forgot," J said to himself and floated down the stairs. "What
are
you doing down here?" Aeka asked. "A simple hello would have done better," J
said in an anoyed voice while looking through the fridge for some milk.
"Sorry," "Damn it. Dosen't anybody drink milk in this house?" "You really
don't care about anybody but yourself do you?" "You don't ask many questions
do you?" "Answer my qustion!" "No point in loving anbody after her," J said
sadly and closed his eyes. "Sorry," she said in a careing voice. "You should
get some rest" "I'm to tired too walk up the stairs," "You mean depressed,"
he then started to leave "Please don't go!" she cried."Did I just say
that!?"
she asked herself. J then walked over to and helped her get into the living
room.

    She then lied down on the couch with J sitting at the end of it. J fell
asleep but Aeka remained thinking. J woke up with a yawn. He felt something
on his shoulder so he turned his head to see what it was. Aeka was sittng
next to him with her head tilted so it would be on his shoulder. J felt as
if
a piece of him that he lost came back.

    J woke up and gently raised Aeka's head so she woulden't fall over when
he got up. He stumbled into the kitchen only to find Susami sitting at the
table with a smile on her face. J put his hands behind his head and tried to
come up with a good excuse "Uuuhhh well uuummm you see..." Susami giggled.
J's hands dropped to his sides "Don't tell anyone Okay?" J asked in an angry
voice. "Don't worry," she laughed. J sat down and Susami pushed a plate with
pancakes towards him, J took a bite. "These are the best pancakes I've ever
tasted! I mean it." "Thanks!" Susami said happily. Everyone started to come
in the kitchen to get breakfest. "Tenchi looks like the happiest man in the
world," J thought as Aeka sat down next to J, Washu also sat next to J,
Ryoko
sat next to Tenchi, Mioshi sat on the other side of him with Kiyone sitting
next to her, and Susami sat next to Aeka.

    "So when are you two getting married?" Susami asked. "We are hopeing
sometime this month," Tenchi replied in a cheery voice. "So whats it like to
get married in less than 100 years?" J asked, "I don't know. What are you
talking about?" "I'm about 1,263 years old." "When are you going to die?"
Aeka asked in a concerned voice, "Probably not anytime soon!" J replied and
laughed.

    J sat on the roof of the house marveling at the veiw. Aeka saw J on the
house and started to walk towards him. "Do you mind if I come up?" Aeka
shouted, "Sure!" J answered. He then flew to her picked her up and then flew
back to the roof. "This place is beutiful. Don't you think?" Aeka asked in a
relaxed voice, "Better than space. It's so lonely there and there are so
many
people here. I'm happy here. I don't know why but I am." "I know why I'm
happy," Aeka then rested her hand on his knee. To her suprise he didn't pull
away. He smiled as Aeka leaned against him and fell asleep. J then
understood why he felt relaxed near her.

--I think this was better than my first one, don't you?
