No Need for Sisters !

By Bart Walls

Tenchi Muyo! is a © of Pioneer and AIC .I’m not associated with either
organization , most of the characters involved are property to them .This is
meant for fan enjoyment and not for profit or my own personal gain m’kay ?

8:00 PM :We see Tenchi Masaki walking home from school with his books over
his shoulder .

Tenchi-"Man , I’m getting home later than before .I guess it was that test
going into overtime ."

Tenchi looks into the sky and sees a blinking light .

Tenchi-"Hmm , just an airplane ."

He watches the plane go off into the distance .It flies very close to the
ground .It turns and flies over his head .

Tenchi-"What the…?!That’s no plane !That’s a spaceship !!!"

The ship lands a few hundred feet in front of him .Tenchi is surprised .

Tenchi-"Oh my…"

The door opens and Tenchi stops cold .A small girl steps out .We only see
her back .

Girl-"Darn , I thought I had her coordinates right !Stupid radar !"

Tenchi-"Coordinates ?"

Tenchi walks up to the girl .

Tenchi-"Excuse me , but who are you looking for little girl ?"

Girl-"I’m looking for Ryoko !"

Tenchi-"Ryoko ?Why does a cute little girl like you want to find that space
pirate ?"

Girl-"I haven’t seen her in 3 years !"

Tenchi-"So , you know her personally ?"

Girl-"Of course I do !"

Tenchi looks at the girl and is surprised to see the girl looks almost like
Ryoko .

Girl-"I’m her sister , Little Ryoko !"

Tenchi-"Little Ryoko ?!?!"

L. Ryoko-"That’s right , now do you know where she is or not ?"

Tenchi-"Um , I think I may know ."

Tenchi walks and Little Ryoko follows him .Back at the Masaki home…Katsuhito
(Grandpa) is reading at the table .Noboyuki (Papa) , Mihoshi and Kiyone are
at the table as well .Ayeka ,Ryoko , and Washu are nowhere to be found .

Sasami-"It’s not like Tenchi to be late !I hope he’s ok ."

Katsuhito-"Don’t worry Sasami .That boy is fine ."

Noboyuki-"Besides , he wouldn’t miss your cooking for anything !It’s the
finest stuff we’ve had in years !"

Katsuhito-"Better than what you’ve been cooking ."

Noboyuki-"Ha ha !You’re getting on me again aren’t you Dad ?"

The door slides open and Tenchi walks in .

Katsuhito-"Well , speak of the Devil …"

Tenchi-"Sorry I’m late , my history test went into overtime ."

Sasami-"That’s ok Tenchi !"

Mihoshi-"Ooh , I can’t wait !I am so starved !"

Kiyone-"Mihoshi , don’t you realize we have to wait until Washu , Ryoko and
Ayeka get her as well ?"

Mihoshi-"Oops, I almost forgot about them !"

Kiyone-"Ugh…"

Kiyone covers her face and shakes her head .

Kiyone-"Why me…?"

Noboyuki-"Tenchi ?Who’s that with you ?My God !!!"

Noboyuki gets up and looks at Tenchi’s guest .

Noboyuki-"She looks like Ryoko !Tenchi : is this your real child ?!"

Tenchi-"What ?!"

L. Ryoko-"I’m not his daughter , I’m her sister ."

Noboyuki-"Oh I see…well Tenchi , it looks like you’re becoming QUITE the
lady’s man !"

L. Ryoko-"What’s going on here ?You said my sister was here ."

Mihoshi-"YOU’RE the sister of the most wanted criminal in the galaxy ?!"

L. Ryoko-"Yes , that’s right ."

Mihoshi-"Wow…"

L. Ryoko-"Wait a minute…I’ve seen you two before !"

Mihoshi-"You have ?"

L. Ryoko-"Yes , Detectives first-class Kiyone and Mihoshi !I saw you on the
live taping of a Galaxy Police meeting !"

Mihoshi-"Wow , did you hear that Kiyone ?We’re famous !!!"

Kiyone-"I’d rather NOT be recognized when I’m with you…"

L. Ryoko-"And you’re Sasami , the second princess of Jurai !"

Sasami-"That’s right ."

Noboyuki-"And one heck of a good cook !"

Ayeka descends the stair case and sits at the table .Ryoko phases through
the wall outside and goes to the table as well .

Tenchi-"Hey…where’s Little Washu ?"

Ryoko-"Probably playing with another dimension or something ."

BOOM !The whole house shakes .Washu walks out of her lab and to the table .

Washu-"I’m sorry , did I keep you waiting ?"

Tenchi-"No it’s ok Little Washu ."

Tenchi sits down as well .

Ryoko-"Tenchi , who’s that with you ?"

L. Ryoko-"You don’t recognize me ?"

Ryoko-"Is that you sis ?!"

L. Ryoko-"Yes it is !"

Little Ryoko runs to her sister and gives her a hug .

L. Ryoko-"I’ve missed you so much big sister !"

Ryoko-"Sis , why did you come here ?"

L. Ryoko-"I wanted to find you , I haven’t seen you since I was 5 !"

Ryoko-"But…how ?"

L. Ryoko-"I tracked Ryo-Oki’s energy output .It was a lot smaller than
normal !"

Ryoko-"Well that’s because the Ryo-Oki you were tracking is sunk at the
bottom of the lake .The new Ryo-Oki is on Sasami’s head ."

L. Ryoko-"You mean , Ryo-Oki crashed ?"

Ryoko-"Yes , she did .But where is your ship : Hana-Oki ?"

L. Ryoko-"She’s parked out in the forest , safe from harm .It’s just a
relief to see you again !I thought for sure you had been captured !"

Kiyone-"She just about was…if it wasn’t for Mihoshi…"

Mihoshi-"Don’t be upset Kiyone !Maybe we didn’t catch Ryoko but we made
friends with her !"

Kiyone-"Oh God…"

Kiyone holds her hands over her face and bows her head .

Noboyuki-"I think I should introduce you to the people you haven’t met
Little Ryoko !I’m Tenchi’s father , Noboyuki ; that’s his grandfather
Katsuhito ; the first Princess of Jurai , Ayeka ; the number one scientific
mind in the universe , Little Washu ; and you’ve already met Sasami , Kiyone
, Mihoshi , Tenchi , Ryo-Oki and Ryoko ."

L. Ryoko-"It’s pleased to meet you …all of you ."

Ryoko-"You left your ship in the woods ?You don’t know who could touch her
!"

L. Ryoko-"Fine…"

Little Ryoko phases away .Seconds later the ship appears out in the yard
.Little Ryoko phases back into the house .Everyone begins eating .

Washu-"Little Ryoko , your ship , Hana-Oki…does it have the ability to
regenerate itself as well ?"

L. Ryoko-"Yes she does .She actually has already regenerated , I crashed her
once before ."

Washu-"Hmm , is she anything like Ryo-Oki ?"

L. Ryoko-"Yes , she can become a cabbit as well .Hana-Oki !"

A blonde , green eyed cabbit phases into the room and sits on top of Little
Ryoko’s head .

L. Ryoko-"This is Hana-Oki , she’s my ship , cabbit and best friend ."

Hana-Oki-"Miyow !"

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow miyow !"

The two cabbits begin playing with each other , romping around the house .

Sasami-" *giggling* Aww…"

Mihoshi-"Isn’t that adorable , Kiyone ?"

Kiyone-"Huh ?Oh , adorable yeah …"

Katsuhito-"So Little Ryoko , what brings you to here other than to see your
sister ?"

L. Ryoko-"Well I heard that she stopped all the mean space pirating and
settled down somewhere .I wanted to find her and possibly…li…"

Katsuhito-"Yes ?Speak up child ."

L. Ryoko-"Li…Live with her …"

Tenchi-"What ?!You just told me you were looking for your sister !You never
said you wanted to LIVE with her !"

Noboyuki-"Calm down son !"

Noboyuki smiles warmly .

Noboyuki-"But Little Ryoko , don’t you have your own family to return to ?"

L. Ryoko-"No…"

Noboyuki-"No ?!"

Ryoko-"When she was very young our parents were destroyed .I believe it was
almost 5 years ago …I left Little Ryoko with someone I could trust and left
home to become a space pirate …but obviously when she heard I settled down
on a planet she told my friend she would be staying here…I’m the only family
she has left …"

Noboyuki-"My God !"

Tenchi-"Wow…sounds rough…"

Mihoshi-"That’s so sad…"

Mihoshi begins sniffling…

Kiyone-" *sigh* Well it’s been really great being here but Mihoshi and I
have to get back home .We have work in the morning ."

Katsuhito-"Very well .It was nice of you girls to stop by !We hope to see
you soon !"

Kiyone-"We will .Come on Mihoshi !Mihoshi ?MIHOSHI !!!!"

Kiyone sighs and drags the teary eyes Mihoshi from the room .Tenchi walks up
to Little Ryoko .

Tenchi-"I had no idea that you had such a hard life !"

L. Ryoko-"Does that mean I can…"

Noboyuki-"Stay ?Of course !"

L. Ryoko-"Really ?!"

Katsuhito-"Why not ?We lost Mihoshi and Kiyone and I think you’re just what
we need to brighten this place up even more ."

Noboyuki-"And it’ll give Tenchi another possible girlfriend !"

Tenchi-"Huh ?!"

Ayeka & Ryoko-"WHAT ?!"

Noboyuki-"Just kidding girls !"

He looks over at the two women with veins in their foreheads showing .

Washu-"Ha ha ha !You girls just need a sense of humor !The man is only
trying to be funny !"

Ayeka-"Don’t you start anything …!"

Sasami moves over to Little Ryoko …

Sasami-"They’re like this a lot…"

L. Ryoko-"Oh ?"

Ayeka-"Of course Tenchi would MUCH rather prefer me !"

Ryoko-"Oh yeah ?!"

The two glare at each other .

Tenchi-"Ahh !Girls calm down !!!"

Katsuhito-"Another typical day…"

L. Ryoko-"If this is typical I’d hate to see a strange one…"

Noboyuki-"Ha ha !You’re full of laughs !I’m sure you’ll get along here just
fine !"

Later that night…Little Ryoko is out on the steps of the shrine with
Hana-Oki , looking at the night sky .Ryoko appears next to her and sits down
…

Ryoko-"Is something the matter ?"

L. Ryoko-"I’ve just been so lonely since you became a space pirate…"

Hana-Oki-"Miyow…"

Ryoko-"Don’t worry sis , I’m here for you …"

Ryoko hugs her little sister who is almost in tears .

Ryoko-"…and I always will be ."

The End…
