Ya know what I say about copyright.

No Need For Family

                           Chapter 10: Peace, Love, and... Jen?!

	"Hmm... I remember this place. I remember living here before my master 
died." Jen shook the thought out of her head. She was back in the 20th century, 
and she wasn't the least bit happy about it, but she was doing as her master 
Achika had told her. Protect Tenchi. That was her mission before she could 
return to heaven and be with her master. She walked on the trail out of the 
forest, her paws pounding on the firm ground. "Now's as good a place as any." 
she thought, and she transformed into a human version of herself. She had long 
wavy black hair, grey eyes, and she looked like a skinny teenager. In all of her 
lives (and she had many), she had been a human only twice. Her first time her 
fiance' had murdered her, and in the secound she grew up raised by wolves when 
her parents had left her in the forest to die. The wolves raised her and she 
became sort of a daughter to them, and she got killed trying to save them. She 
had looked like the same person both times, except she had a marking on her 
forehead during her secound life as a human. (Author's Note: I finally came up 
with a theme for Jen. It is "The End of Dream" or more commonly known as: "yume 
no owari". This would be a great place to play it!) She walked out of the 
forest, and she was on a clearing. The carrot feilds were to her left, and to 
her right was the house. 
	Changing her mind about being a human, she turned back into a dog. She 
went oveer to the house, and like she did when she was a puppy, started 
scratching at the door. 	
	"I wonder what that could be," She heard Sasami say, and she opened the 
door. "Aww, how cute a doggy!" Even though Jen wasn't exactly invited in, she 
came in anyway, and pulled up a microphone.
	"Helllllllllooooooooooo!!!!!!!" She screeched into the microphone, 
attracting the attention of almost everyone in the house. "Yo, You might think 
I'm rude and all, but I have every right to be here! So ha! You can't kick me 
out. Anyway.....I'm here on account of this announcement: A CHILD WILL BE 
BORN!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHA!!!! SOMEBODY IN THIS HOUSE IS GOING TO HAVE A 
CHILD!!!!!!!" At this announcement, Washu turned bright red. Now everyone was 
staring at her instead of the strange dog sitting in front of the door. "Yep, 
that's right. Don't deny it, Washu." Ryoko and Aeka were red with rage. At that 
moment Tenchi and Nobiyuki walked in to see what was going on and after 2 
secounds of looking around, they found Jen, sitting happily as can be in front 
of the door. They both passed out, and for a moment everyone forgot about Washu 
and went to check on Tenchi. 	
	"I guess he couldn't handle seeing his mother's dog back from the dead. 
Well anyway, I'm hungry. Could somebody get me something to eat?" Jen shrugged. 
It was going to be a long time before she got back to her master.
					The End.

Write me with questions and comments, no flames. More sequals will come for this 
song in the future. I do have a soundtrack for this story, and if oyu want the 
lilst of tracks, email me. Thank you for reading my fanfic!
