 DISCLAIMER: All Tenchi Muyo! characters hearby mentioned in this story are
 property of Pioneer and AIC. In no way do I own these characters. I did not
    create Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Washu, Sasami, Tsunami, Yosho, Nobyuki,
Mihoshi, or any others mentioned in my fic. In no way do I intend to violate
  copyrights or otherwise annoy or anger the people at the above-mentioned
   companies, I simply ask that you do not take legal action at a innocent
 young girl trying to write a half-way decent fic. I thank Jess-Ohki and my
  other proofreaders for their editing help. Without further ado, my lovely
                               little fanfic.



                             No Need for Honesty

              ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



                        Lady Tashimi's Diary, page 1

 It has been a Jurain year since King Azusa and Lady Misaki were killed in a
  spacecraft crash caused by Kain. I have been called back from my studies
with Lady Tsunami to rule Jurai. As oldest daughter of the King and Queen of
Jurai, I must accept the throne. We are picking our battles with Kain, so as
to use them to our advantage. I am going to inform my younger sister, Ayeka,
  that she is no longer First Princess of Jurai and to tell both Ayeka and
Sasami that our parents are dead. I go to Earth also to capture Space Pirate
  Ryoko and to rescue Officer Mihoshi, who is stranded there. My sisters do
 not know I exist, due to my long studies with the Lady Tsunami. I hope they
                                  like me.

            ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

As Lady Tashimi's ship, Tsuna-Ohki, nears the Earth's atmosphere, something
goes very wrong. As the ship Tsunami gave her hurtles into the atmosphere,
Tashimi realizes she forgot to allow for it! She is almost baked as the
Tsuna-Ohki goes through the atmosphere and heads to Earth - literally! She
struggles with the controls, but to no avail. As the ship strikes the
ground, Tashimi is thrown clear through the viewing glass. She is covered in
cuts and bruises, but amazingly, alive!

As her ship dies, it leaves a black egg. Since she knows what is inside,
Tashimi cracks it open, and out pops a black cabbit. She quickly assimilates
herself with the little animal, as her strength fades.

Tenchi, who was out in the carrot field and saw the spaceship crash, runs to
the site, only to find an unconscious cabbit and the ruins of a great ship.
He looks around and gathers the cabbit into his arms.

"Where's your owner?" he asks it.

It mutters a faint "Miaow" and returns to unconsciousness. Tenchi searches
the rubble for a while and finds no sign of its owner. He walks back to the
Masaki home, carrying the cabbit nestled gently against his chest. When he
gets home, He sneaks quickly upstairs to his room and puts the cabbit on his
bed.

"Tenchi! There you are!" says Ryoko, appearing behind him, "I've been
looking for you everywhere! I've been so scared and worried!" And with that,
she latches onto his arm.

"Hey! Let go! And be quiet!" He points to the cabbit.

"Huh? What's that piece of fur doing on your bed?" she asks, looking
puzzled, then she smiles "I'll clean it for you!"

"No! Ryoko! That's a cabbit I found. Its owner apparently crashed here."

"Look at this!" Ryoko exclaims, "It has a tiara! It's Jurain!"

"It must be pretty important if it has a tiara."

"And look at these! It has crystals, too! Three of them, one on both wrists!
Ohhh! Not fair! A cabbit is more powerful than me! "

"Maybe it's not a cabbit. Let's take it to Washu to examine. "

In Washu's lab, Washu is busy typing things into her computer.

"Washu?" Tenchi says.

"Yes?" says Washu, not looking up from her keyboard.

"Would you mind examining this for me?"

Washu stops typing and looks up.

"I'll need to know where you got it, Tenchi." she says as she turns around.

"I found it near a crashed spaceship."

"Then it's probably the ship."

"Look Washu! It has a Jurain tiara and power crystals. " exclaims Ryoko.

"Than it was a very important ship."

"No, you don't understand! I don't know how, but I think this one is
different! Does Ryo-Ohki have a key to itself? I couldn't find her owner.
Could she be the pilot of the ship?" asks Tenchi.

"Very well. Leave her here overnight. I'll run some tests and give you the
results in the morning. Okay?"

"All right. Thanks, Washu." says Tenchi, as he heads to the stairs,
"Goodnight."

"Yeah. Goodnight," says Ryoko, Following him.

As they disappear upstairs, Washu turns to her computer, hits a few
multicolored keys, and then turns to face the little black cabbit.

"The doors are locked, and this room is teleportation-proof. Now, what are
you doing here, Lady Tashimi?!" Tashimi changes back to her original form.

"Washu. I finally meet you. I am also interested in science."

"I could use an assistant."

"I would be honored to work with you."

"I am more interested in what you are doing here."

"I have come to tell Ayeka that she is no longer First Princess and both
Ayeka and Sasami that King Azusa and Lady Misaki are dead. I came also to
capture Space Pirate Ryoko."

"What! She won't let you take her away from here."

"I know. I do not want to take her away. I want to give her a chance to
redeem herself. I know she has some good in her."

"Yes, I created her with some good. She just hides it."

"She is very good at hiding it."

"I know. Why are you sneaking around? Why not in your first form?"

"I want to see what everyone's life is like here. Also I think Ryoko will
show me more kindness as a cabbit than in my original form. She would see me
as a rival for Tenchi."

"You're very wise for your age."

"Thank you. Please don't tell Tenchi."

"I won't."

"Thank you again."

"Here," says Washu, typing on her keyboard again, "I'll make you something
to sleep in. There!" A cabbit-sized bed, lined with pillows and soft
blankets, appears in a corner. With a soft smile of gratitude, Tashimi turns
back into a cabbit and hops to the bed.

"Goodnight." says Washu.

The next morning, Tashimi awakens to Washu's cheerful face.

"Time for breakfast!" she cries. Tashimi-the-cabbit yawns, then follows
Washu upstairs. In the Masaki dining room, all was usual - Ryoko was latched
onto Tenchi, Ayeka was arguing with Ryoko, Sasami was feeding Ryo-Ohki
carrots, Mihoshi was in the kitchen, and Nobyuki and Yosho were talking.
When they arrive, everyone stops talking and arguing to stare.

"Another cabbit!" cries Sasami, "Oh, how cute! What's its name?"

"It doesn't have one. Tenchi found it.”

Mihoshi peeks in from the kitchen. “Oh, Oh, can we name it Fred?”

Everyone glares at her. “Um, Mihoshi, it‘s a girl.” says Sasami.

“So?” replies Mihoshi, “Can‘t we name it Fred?”

“I think we should name it Tenchi, since Tenchi is such a cute name and
all.” says Ryoko, looking at Tenchi.

“I think we should let Tenchi name it, since he found it.” says Ayeka,
glaring daggers at Ryoko.

“Um, Tsuna-Ohki is the name I found on the ship. Maybe we can call her
that.” says Tenchi, nervously.

"Mia!" says Tashimi/Tsuna-Ohki enthusiastically.

"She likes it!" says Sasami, giggling.

"Oh, Tenchi, you're so smart! I never would have come up with such a cute
name! I'm going fishing with Ryo-Ohki today. Want to come, Tsuna-Ohki?" says
Ryoko, picking up Tsuna-Ohki and squeezing her until her eyes bug out.
"We'll have so much fun!"

"Ah, Ryoko, I think you're squeezing Tsuna-Ohki too hard." says Tenchi, with
a worried look on his face.

"Oh. I guess I was so happy that there's another cute little cabbit here I
got carried away!" Everyone looks at Ryoko like she's lost her mind. Ryoko
lets go of Tsuna-Ohki and puts her on the table. "I'll go get everything
ready." Ryoko walks away. Tsuna-Ohki wobbles a bit, then shakes her body and
goes over by Sasami, who begins feeding her.

"Welcome to our home, little sister." says Yosho.

"Miaow!" says Tsuna-Ohki, with a happy smile on her face. Everyone laughs,
then Mihoshi brings out the food, and they all eat, Yosho with a small smile
on his face.

After breakfast, everyone drifted away from the dining room. Yosho to the
shrine, Nobyuki to work, Tenchi to the field, Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi to
daily chores.

Ryoko comes back and says "Look, I'm doing this to make me look good. Tenchi
is interested in you, so I want you to pass some of that interest onto me.
So move it!" She marches Tsuna-Ohki out the door to the dock.

"Watch Ryo-Ohki, so you know how to do it." Ryoko lowers Ryo-Ohki into the
water. After a while, she pulls her up and Ryo-Ohki has no fish. "No fish,
no carrot. Get it?"

"Miaow, miaow!" says Tsuna-Ohki. Ryoko puts Ryo-Ohki back in. After three
times and no fish, Ryoko takes her out and tells Tsuna-Ohki to hop in.

"Let's see how you do." She says. The first time she pulls Tsuna-Ohki up,
the cabbit has a fairly good-sized fish. "This is more like it." Says Ryoko,
smiling at Tsuna-Ohki, "After a while, I'll see how many fish you've caught
and give you the carrots, ok?"

"Mia!" says Tsuna-Ohki. After three more catches, when Tsuna-Ohki is lifted
out of the water, she says "Mia! Miaow-miaow mia miaow!" to Ryo-Ohki, who
leaps up into the special outfit Ryoko made to hold the cabbits as they
fished.

Ryoko, who was in a rare good mood, because of the fish, said "Oh, you want
to try it together! Okay! Everyone ready?"

"Miaow!" say the two cabbits together.

"Well, down you go!" So saying, she lowers them into the lake. When she
brings them up again, they are holding the biggest fish they've ever caught!
"Well done. I knew you could do it!" says Ryoko, looking at all the fish
they caught, "Good work, Tsuna-Ohki, good work, Ryo-Ohki! You've both done
so well, I think you deserve all the carrots I brought!" With that, she
gives them the bucket of carrots she brought.

While the cabbits are eating, Ryoko puts the fish in the bucket. When
they're done, they all head back to the house. Ryoko is whistling a happy
tune. When they get back, Ryoko gives the fish to Mihoshi and Sasami, who
promise to cook some for tonight.

Ryoko and the cabbits got there just at lunchtime, so the fish will have to
wait for supper. After eating lunch, Tsuna-Ohki seeks out Tenchi. Finding
him out in the field, she helps him to plant, by dropping the seeds in the
holes and burying them, one at a time.

"Thanks, Tsuna-Ohki." Tenchi says, a bit startled by the fact that a cabbit
is helping him plant.

"Miaow-miaow." says Tsuna-Ohki. After working for the rest of the day, the
two go back to the house for supper. Since Tenchi is used to the work, he is
less tired than Tsuna-Ohki. When they get in, Ryoko picks her up.

"Where you helping Tenchi plant? Oh, you're such a good little cabbit! You
can sit by me." Tenchi is relieved that Ryoko didn't grab him, but is
puzzled about why Ryoko is being so nice. It shows on his face.

At supper, everyone is staring at Ryoko, who is feeding Tsuna-Ohki with
carrots and other things - right from her own chopsticks! She stops every
once in a while to say things like "good cabbit" or "you're so cute!" After
supper they all gather in the living room.

"You need sleep. Go to bed, little sister Tsuna-Ohki." says Nobyuki. Tenchi
assumes she will go to Ryoko's beam, or to the bed in Washu's lab.
Tsuna-Ohki is passed around for goodnight hugs and then bounds upstairs,
meowing happily. After a few shows, everyone says "goodnight" and disperses
to their bedrooms. A surprise awaits both Ryoko and Tenchi. For Ryoko it's
an empty beam. For Tenchi it is a certain small, black cabbit fast asleep on
his.

"Wha? Oh, it's you, Tsuna-Ohki. Sorry to wake you." Tenchi says, as the
animal sits up and rubs its eyes, "Go back to sleep." Tenchi climbs in, next
to the warm, furry bundle.

The next morning he wakes up - and looks straight into Tsuna-Ohki's jade
green eyes. (She has been sitting on his chest and staring at him, waiting
for him to wake up)

"Yahhhh!" he yells, and sits up, throwing the cabbit to the pillow beside
him. She leaps up and meows happily at him. "Please, don't do that again."

"Miaow-miaow." Says Tsuna-Ohki, in a singsong tone, "Miaow-miaow."

"All right, I'm up. Let's go eat." says Tenchi, who dresses and heads
downstairs, the cabbit bouncing by his side. Once again, Ryoko takes the
cabbit and sits it beside her.

"Hello again. Have a nice sleep?" then, to everyone, "Where was she? Anyone
know?"

"She was in my bed." Says Tenchi, a little embarrassed. Everyone looks at
him.

"You let her stay?! Why?!" asks Ryoko.

"Tsuna-Ohki needed rest. She worked hard yesterday. I didn't want to disturb
her." says Tenchi, a little angrily.

"Oh." says Ryoko. Everyone resumes eating. After breakfast, Tsuna-Ohki
follows Tenchi out to the field and they get to work.

At lunchtime, Ryoko brings them lunch. After picnicking with them, she takes
Tsuna-Ohki away to "have some real fun" When they are away from Tenchi,
Ryoko says "We're going sunbathing! Come on!"

"Miaow, miaow-miaow mia." says Tsuna-Ohki, in a worried voice. A while
later, she is lying on a blanket stretched on the ground, next to a long
line of human bodies. Washu, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryoko to name them.
Nobyuki and Mihoshi begin to run around, playing "tag". Ayeka was sitting in
the shade with Ryo-Ohki. (Everyone was in their bathing suits, except Ayeka,
who was wearing a short-sleeved kimono.) Tsuna-Ohki was feeling really hot,
and the people around her were blurring. She realizes she has had too much
sun, and tries to wobble to Ayeka. As she collapses, the people all turn and
stop what they're doing to stare at her.

"What happened?" asks Ryoko, more about the music Mihoshi has just turned
off, then about the passed-out cabbit.

"What's wrong with Tsuna-Ohki?" asks Sasami. Tenchi, done for the day, is
coming home when he sees the circle of girls. Instantly realizing what has
happened, he runs to the cabbit's side.

"She's dehydrated! Get water!" he yells at the girls.

"Here!" says Yosho, fighting his way through the girls with a bucket of
water. He throws it onto the little creature - in doing so he also gets
Tenchi wet. After a few minutes, Tsuna-Ohki slowly opens her eyes. The girls
cheer. "Let's get her out of the sun." says Yosho.

"Right." says Tenchi, picking the wet ball of fur up. He takes it inside and
places it on his bed, followed by the girls. At his doorway, Ayeka and
Sasami stop, and so do Washu and Mihoshi.

Ryoko moves to walk right in, and Ayeka says "Do you have any manners at
all? Don't go in there unless Lord Tenchi invites you and I personally think
he never would, you demon woman!"

"I invited myself and he wouldn't invite you either, you snob!"

"He would too!"

"He would not!" says Ryoko, and a Ayeka/Ryoko fight starts. Tenchi quietly
walks to the door and shuts it in both their faces.

"Huh?" say both Ayeka and Ryoko, and they both turn to look at the closed
door, fight forgotten.

"He must really be worried." says Ayeka.

"Why would he be worried over a stupid furball?"

"Why would he not worry?" says Ayeka and another fight is started. This time
they walk downstairs, still arguing.

Inside the room, Tsuna-Ohki is waking up. She starts to talk, saying "Hello
Tenchi. Washu must have told you about me. I'm sorry I didn't tell you
before."

"Who said that?!" asks Tenchi, wondering about the soft, female voice
talking to him, "Was that you, Tsuna-Ohki?"

(Tashimi decides to reveal that she can talk. She figures it may come in
handy.)

"Yes."

"You can talk! Now you can tell me where your owner is!"

"She escaped in a smaller ship. She left me here."

"Oh." Says Tenchi, sorry he asked, "Let's go tell the girls!" He insists on
carrying her down, despite her protests. "You still need rest." He says,
feeling a little strange to be arguing with a cabbit.

When they reach the living room where everyone is, Tenchi says "Everyone!
Please look at me!" Everyone turns, thinking about how strange it is that
Tenchi actually wanted their attention. "I just wanted to tell you that
Tsuna-Ohki can speak."

"Huh?" says everyone, their eyes shifting to Tsuna-Ohki, who says "Hello
everyone. It is true. I can speak."

"She told me her owner escaped the crash."

"Washu, is this one of your tricks?!" asks Ryoko.

Washu turns to her. "No." Everyone looks at the cabbit in bewilderment.

"Now, after telling you this, she needs rest. Goodnight." Says Tenchi very
nervously, heading for the stairs. No one moves. They continue to stare at
the spot the cabbit was in for a few more minutes.

"Oh, my." says Ayeka.

"Who would have thought a cabbit could speak." Says Ryoko, amused.

"Miaow!" says Ryo-Ohki, angrily.

"Sorry Ryo-Ohki."

"Hey, you guys! There's a good part on, right now!" says Mihoshi, who had
heard none of what was said.

"Huh?" says everyone, turning to look - just as Mihoshi knocks the remote
off the sofa.

"Oops!" says Mihoshi.

"Oh, Mihoshi!" says Ryoko.

"You are hopeless, Mihoshi!" says Washu.

Upstairs, Tenchi is talking to Tsuna-Ohki.

"Why didn't you talk before? And why don't you talk about carrots, like
Ryo-Ohki?"

"First of all, I had to gather some strength - I'm not an instant healing
machine. And second, what in the world is a carrot?!"

"Oh, sorry. Ryo-Ohki heals herself, so I assumed you did, too."

"I do. I suffered some pretty serious injuries - I needed time."

"Oh."

Tsuna-Ohki yawns. "I need some rest, remember? Are you ready to go to bed?"

"Sure." They climb into bed. "Goodnight, Tsuna-Ohki."

"Goodnight, Tenchi."

The next morning, Tenchi wakes up and sees Tsuna-Ohki is still sleeping
soundly, and even snoring softly. "I didn't know cabbits could snore."
Tenchi thinks, and quickly accepts it as just another thing this special
little cabbit could do. Tenchi decides to have some fun.

"Good morning *yawn* Tenchi." says Tsuna-Ohki, turning, not quite awake yet.

"BOO!" shouts Tenchi, right in front of her face! She jumps straight up, and
hits the ground running, still not awake enough to comprehend the closet
door in front of her. BONK! As her head hits the door, she lies still, and
Tenchi is about to go over there and ask if she's okay. Her body starts
shaking, and when he gets over there, she starts laughing. Her bell-like
laugh is infectious, and soon Tenchi is laughing with her.

"You got me there!"

"You should have seen your face!"

"I bet it was pretty funny. Now come down and eat." says Ayeka, standing
stiffly in the doorway, looking at them. Sasami, who was with her, was
staring at them.

"All right." says Tenchi, looking sheepish.

"We'll be right down." Adds Tsuna-Ohki, looking sheepish for a cabbit.

Ayeka and Sasami leave, and Tenchi and Tsuna-Ohki look at each other.
Giggling, they head downstairs. Everyone turns to look at them when they get
to the table. Embarrassed, they move to their places. Ryoko, looking bored,
feeds Tsuna-Ohki,

"Sasami, did you make some carrots?" asks Tenchi, looking at Tsuna-Ohki.

"Yes, of course! Ryo-Ohki loves them so much!" says Sasami, feeding

Ryo-Ohki one.

"Mia!" says Ryo-Ohki.

"May I try one?" asks Tsuna-Ohki softly.

"Sure!"says Sasami, "Here, Ryoko! Catch!" She tosses her a carrot. Ryoko
feeds it to Tsuna-Ohki.

"Mmmm! Those are good!" says Tsuna-Ohki.

Sasami tosses another one. Instead of Ryoko catching it, though, Tsuna-Ohki
leaps up and catches it in her mouth.

"Huh?" says Ryoko, looking at her empty hands, wondering where the carrot
is.

"She got it. Tsuna-Ohki is under the table with it!" Sasami says, laughing.

Soon everyone is laughing, while happy "miaow's" sound from under the table.
Mihoshi accidentally knocks a platterful of carrots down, and they disappear
under the table - and so does Ryo-Ohki. Everyone talks and laughs to the
sound of happy munching from under the table. After breakfast, Tsuna-Ohki
follows Tenchi out the door.

"All right, you can go with me, but with that black fur you better stay in
the shade." As a response, Tsuna-Ohki turns white.

"Very funny. You still need to stay in the shade."

Tsuna-Ohki's ears flop down sadly, and she gradually turns back to her
normal color.

"Darn. Fine. I'll stay in the shade and talk to you." As Tenchi works,

Tsuna-Ohki talks. “Are you sure I can’t help?” asks Tsuna-Ohki, turning
white again.

"I'm sure. Even white, fur is still fur." After a while, the conversation
turns to the girls and Tenchi.

"Ryoko's nice, Ayeka's nice, they're all nice! I can't choose!"

" I bet you can! You need to sort out your feelings for all of them. Then
pick the one you have the strongest feelings toward. All you need is time
alone."

"Maybe you're right. But how am I supposed to get time alone here?"

"If you can't get time here, go somewhere else to think."

"Where?"

"Space! I'll take you there in my ship form!"

"What about food?"

"You can pack some, and we can stay as long as we want!"

"Great idea!" Tenchi stops working. "We should start packing!"

"Yes." They run back to the house. Mihoshi is outside, sweeping.

"Hey, Mihoshi!" Mihoshi drops the broom and jumps.

"Don't scare me like that, Tenchi!"

"I'm going away, on a trip."

"Oh, where? Can I come? Please? Please? Pleeeease?"

"I'm going to space to decide on a girl."

"A girl? You aren't even married yet . . . why are you worried about having
a baby girl?"

"Mihoshi, I'm deciding on which girl to marry!"

"Oh. Can I come? Please?"

"No . . . I'm going alone."

"Awwww."

"No, Mihoshi."

"Then I'm going back to sweeping." She picks up her broom and starts to
sweep again.

Tenchi walks into the kitchen. Sasami and Washu are in there, cleaning the
cupboards.

"Sasami, Washu, hi." says Tenchi. They turn toward him.

"Miaow!" they say in unison. Tenchi realizes that they are more of Washu's
mecha creations, and they weren't cleaning, they were eating carrots!

"Stop them!" cries Washu, running through the doorway with Sasami behind
her. The mechas were picking up Tsuna-Ohki and hugging her - hard! After
they had chased the new MechaSasami and MechaWashu through the house and
finally caught them (they had banged themselves silly trying to phase
through walls).

"Rio-Ohki leaves her fur everywhere in my lab! I'm sorry, Tenchi." Washu
apologizes.

"I was going to tell you that Tsuna-Ohki is going to take me on a trip into
space to decide about the girls."

"Cool!" says Sasami, "Can I go?"

"No, Sasami. I'm going alone."

"Not a bad idea." says Washu, looking at Tsuna-Ohki.

"Thank you." says Tsuna-Ohki.

"How long will you be gone, Tenchi?" asks Sasami.

"As long as it takes to come up with a decision."

"In that case, pack supplies for a year!" says Washu, joking. Everyone
laughs.

"What's so funny?" asks Ryoko, yelling from the living room, where she was
playing her video game.

"Tenchi's going on a trip and he won't take anyone along!" says Sasami.

"What!" shouts Ryoko, and Tenchi hears a sharp "CRACK!" as the video game
Ayeka hits the Ryoko. "Dang! And it was going perfect up until now!"

"That's not the point, Ryoko! Tenchi's going away!" says Sasami.

"Wha? Oh, yeah?!" Ryoko runs out into the kitchen. "Please, Tenchi don't go!
If you have to go, take me with you!" she grabs onto his arm.

"Ummm...."

"Ryoko, please disentangle yourself from Tenchi. I am taking him out to
space to think about and eventually come to a decision about who he is going
to marry." says Tsuna-Ohki.

"You! I should have known!"

"A little jealous, Ryoko?" asks Tsuna-Ohki, sarcastically.

"What! Why would I be jealous of you?!"

"Exactly." says Tsuna-Ohki, her voice softening, "Why? Why be jealous?"

"Hmph." says Ryoko, and teleports somewhere else.

"I might have to talk to her." says Tsuna-Ohki, "See you later, Tenchi!" and
then she teleports to elsewhere. Tenchi asks Sasami and Washu where Ayeka
is. They say she is sweeping at the shrine. He finds her there, taking a
break.

"Oh, hi Tenchi." she says, and makes room for him on the step.

"Ayeka, I'm taking a trip."

"Where?"

"Into space. To think."

"About what?"

"Marriage. Who I want to spend the rest of my life with."

"Oh. All right. I hope your decision comes soon." she sniffles, and Tenchi
realizes she is trying not to cry, "I only wish you luck in choosing!" she
runs for the shrine ,as she starts to sob.

"Ayeka! Wait! Ayeka!" yells Tenchi.

"Let her go." says Yosho, who walked up behind him.

"Did Washu tell you?"

"Yes. I wish you luck, Tenchi. It is not an easy decision to make."

Tsuna-Ohki catches up with Ryoko on board Ryo-Ohki.

"Oh, why are you bothering me?" asks Ryoko.

"Because I need to know what you are doing here. On Ryo-Ohki. You can't
follow us."

"And why not? Ryo-Ohki is just as good as you."

"Are you afraid?"

"Of what?"

"You're afraid. You're afraid Tenchi isn't going to chose you."

"Yes, he will! And I am going to follow you."

"No, you're not."

"Who is going to stop me?"

"Me." says Tsuna-Ohki, disappearing, blinking like a star, and then
reappearing in her original form. "Tenchi was right. I am different. I am
Ayeka and Sasami's older sister. I'm telling you this because I trust you."
Ryoko just stares at the woman in front of her, taking in the shock and, at
the same time, the features of this strange lady. The ebony hair, some left
flowing over her shoulders, with the rest tied back, the tiara with the
three jewels. The jade green eyes, and she was almost as tall as her! And
that face! She looked just like Tsunami, because of the face-framing streaks
of turquoise in her hair.

"Wha? Who are you?"

"I am the Lady Tashimi."

"Why do you trust me?"

"Because I know you are capable of good things. You are actually a very nice
lady when you choose to be." wrong choice of words - Ryoko remembers
Tenchi's trip.

"You can't go with Tenchi! He'll surely pick you!" and she suddenly starts
to fire energy blasts at Tashimi! Tashimi blocks them easily, then traps
Ryoko in an energy bubble.

"Please, listen to me. I do not like Tenchi in that way. I do not want to
marry him, and even if he asked I would refuse. Do you believe me?" Tashimi
says, with conviction.

"You've convinced me."

"After all, he doesn't even know I'm not a cabbit. I'm going to be in ship
form the whole time, so he won't notice me."

"You're right! That means he'll have more time to think about everyone
else!"

"Yes. I intend to leave him all alone with his thoughts - I won't influence
him."

"All right."

"You have to put faith in him - it's his decision. I can't promise anything.
But I do hope he chooses wisely." says Tashimi.

"They are probably wondering where we are. Let's go back." says Ryoko.

Tashimi turns back into a cabbit. Ryoko tries to move, and finds that she is
still in the bubble.

"Tashimi!" Tashimi releases her.

"Call me Tsuna-Ohki."

"Ok." says Ryoko, and commands Ryo-Ohki to beam them back to land.

"Miaow!" says Ryo-Ohki, back in cabbit form, as she runs to Tsuna-Ohki. They
give each other a cabbit hug, and are sitting, side by side, when Washu and
Tenchi find them.

"Where were you guys?!" asks Tenchi, "I've been looking for you!"

"I was talking to Tsuna-Ohki." says Ryoko, nonchalantly, "She's very
intelligent."

"Ryoko was sulking on board Ryo-Ohki when I found her. She wanted to follow
us, but we talked about that." Ryoko face faults.

"Oh. Ok. Tsuna-Ohki, we leave in the morning."

"Ok." says Tsuna-Ohki. Ryoko's stomach grumbles. Everyone looks at her.

"I'm hungry! Can we go eat now?"

"Yeah, let's go!" says Washu, "I'll beat you to the house!" Everyone laughs
and dashes toward the door. They hit it at the same time and get stuck. The
cabbits walk right on through the tangle. They turn around, after getting
through and try to tug at the first person, but they're too small to do much
good.

"Ryoko, teleport out of there!" says Tsuna-Ohki.

"To where?"

"To the other side of the room! It doesn't matter!" Ryoko teleports, and
Washu and Tenchi fall inside. Ryoko laughs from the other side of the room.
They get up and walk to the dining room, with Ryoko and the cabbits.

After another of Sasami's good meals, they all gather in the living room.
Everyone has pitched in to help Tenchi pack. Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ayeka are
in the kitchen, packing food, Washu is downstairs in her lab, packing
experiments (and instructions!) that she wants him to try in space, Yosho
and Nobyuki are packing games for him to play, and Ryoko is up on her beam,
packing Tenchi pictures to look at.

The next morning, there is a lot of hugs, goodbyes, and teary eyes as Tenchi
walks out of the Masaki house for the last time for a while. When he and
Tsuna-Ohki get outside, she tells him to throw her up into the air. He does
and she changes into her ship form. She beams up the food, games, and
experiments. Ryoko hands Tenchi the box of pictures.

"Thank you." he says.

"You're very welcome." Ryoko says, and winks at him.

"Wait!" says Ayeka as she runs out of the house. She's carrying a box, too.

"Oh. Thank you." Tsuna-Oh beams him up, still waving goodbye. As they take
off, Ryoko turns to Ayeka.

"What did you give him?"

"Pictures of ALL of us. I knew you would give him pictures only of
yourself."

"I did not!"

"Did too!"

"He wouldn't want a picture of a snob like you!"

"He wouldn't want pictures of a demon like you!" The others, seeing a
Ryoko/Ayeka fight was starting, walk back to the house, leaving the two to
their battles.

"You made Tenchi leave!" says Ryoko, hitting Ayeka.

"No, I didn't! You scared him, you demon!" says Ayeka, pulling Ryoko's hair.

"Ow! Stop that! You snobbish, stupid princess!" Ryoko kicks Ayeka in the
shin. Ayeka grabs her shin.

"That hurt! I'll punish you for that, you demon pirate!" She summons her
power logs.

"Oh, really? I'd like to see you try!" says Ryoko, making an energy ball.
They fight, and when they've spent their powers' energies, they go at each
other the old-fashioned way - with fists flying! After that energy is spent,
they limp back to the house, sporting various injuries. Sasami, Washu and
Mihoshi greet them with a hot meal and lots of bandages.

In space, Tenchi is opening the boxes Ayeka and Ryoko gave him. He opens
Ryoko's box first, expecting to see her face smiling up from all the photos.
Surprisingly, they are all different - Ryoko as equally as the rest of the
people he had just left behind. Even pictures of Yosho and Nobyuki! On the
bottom of the box was a letter. It said: Tenchi, I have decided to grow up a
bit. It is your choice and yours only. I hope you like the pictures. It was
signed by Ryoko.

"Wow. She really cares." says Tenchi. He opens Ayeka's box. It has assorted
pictures, with everyone shown equally, and some group shots.

"And so does she." says Tenchi, "How am I ever going to choose?"

"You know your choice - you're just afraid to hurt the others. Which one
acts like she cares the most?"

"Ryoko. But Ayeka keeps her feelings inside!"

"She loved Yosho before, and then she saw you. Are you sure those feelings
don't remain?"

"Are you trying to discourage me from marrying Miss Ayeka?!"

"No. I'm trying to make sure you don't make a mistake."

"Marrying Ayeka would not be a mistake!" he was shouting now.

"Calm down. You need to make this decision on reason - it will be hard, and
you will need to be calm." Tenchi stops looking angry, and goes back to
being sad.

"I wish I didn't have to choose."

"Jurian law states that you can have as many wives as you want. Why not
marry them both?"

"This is Earth, not Jurai. I have been brought up to marry one girl, and one
girl only."

"All right. Then you have to chose."

"Ohhhh! This is so frustrating!"

"Don't think about it. Play a game. I can create a form and play, too." A
shadowy grey cabbit appears. "It's not much, but now I can play." it says.
They proceed to play a game of chess. In the beginning, Tenchi looks like he
is winning, but in the end, Tsuna-Ohki beats him.

"I didn't know cabbits could play chess." says Tenchi suspiciously.

"I used to play with my owner." Tsuna-Ohki replies.

"What was your owner's name?" asks Tenchi.

"I'd prefer not to talk about it. Let's get back to your problem."

"What did she look like?" asks Tenchi.

"I can show you a picture of her." The cabbit hops to the control panels and
presses some buttons. On the screen, a picture of a beautiful black-haired
lady with jade green eyes. She was wearing a tiara with a single dark-blue
jewel in it.

"She even looked like Tsunami!" exclaims Tenchi.

"Yes. I miss her." Tenchi notices the woman in the picture is smiling, but
sadly.

"Why is she so sad?" he asks.

"Her mother and father had just died. This is the most recent picture I have
of her."

"Oh."

"Tenchi, I was wondering - can I stay with you? I don't want to go back."

"Of coarse. You are welcome to stay."

"Oh, thank you!" she gives him a furry little hug - on his leg, because that
was the only place her cabbit arms could go around. Tenchi smiles.

"Come on, what game do you want to play now?" asks Tenchi.

"How about another game of chess? Maybe you'll win this time."

Four games later (Tenchi - 2, Tsuna-Ohki - 3), Tenchi is hungry.

"Can you cook?" asks Tsuna-Ohki, "I can't in cabbit form."

"No....."

"Then I'll have to change form. What do you want me to look like?" she asks,
unexpectedly.

"Um..."

"How about this? Or this? What about this?" she says as she flickers through
different hair, eye, and skin colors. When she stops and turns back to
cabbit form, Tenchi passes out, and falls backwards, dazed. Quickly changing
back to Tashimi form, she catches him.

"That was close." she says.

"Who are you?!" Tenchi asks as she helps him up, "Where did you come from?"

"It's me, Tsuna-Ohki, silly!" she says, and giggles. They laugh about it for
a while, and then Tsuna-Ohki (in Tashimi form) goes to cook.

After a good meal (Tsuna-Ohki was almost as good a cook as Sasami), they sat
back down at the table to play another chess game.

"The situation you're in is quite like a chess game, you know." says
Tsuna-Ohki, still in a replica of her "owner's" body, moving a piece.

"Wha? What do you mean?" asks Tenchi, moving one of his.

"You want to tell the one you love that you love her, without the others
blowing up your house. It's a very volatile decision." She goes again.

"You're right......but how am I going to win my real-life game of chess if I
can't even win this one?" asks Tenchi, taking his turn.

"I'll have to show you some strategies. Checkmate."

"Oh, not again!" says Tenchi, his face falling at his loss. Tsuna-Ohki
frowns.

"A lot of strategies. And we'll have to practice them." The chess set and
her tiara begin to glow with a bluish light. The board turns into a replica
of the Masaki house and Shrine, and the pieces turn into smaller images of
the girls and Tenchi's father and grandfather.

"Wow!" says Tenchi, looking at the new chess set. Tashimi's tiara and the
board stops glowing.

"O.K. How about you try with no strategy. Maybe you can avoid the explosion
without my help." A Tenchi replica appears in his hand. He sets it down, in
front of the crowd. Surprisingly, it speaks!

"I love Ryoko, everyone. I am sorry for hurting all of you girls, but I
cannot deny my love." The Ryoko figure runs up and glomps onto the Tenchi
one.

"I knew you would pick me over those other girls, I just knew it!"

"Tenchi, I can't believe you would choose her over me!" says Ayeka, looking
outraged.

"I can believe it, Princess." says Ryoko, with a sneer.

"You stupid Space Pirate! You've put a spell on Lord Tenchi! He would never
chose a criminal over a princess! Release him!" Ayeka shouts, and sends an
energy blast Ryoko's way as she runs away, toward the house.

"Watch out Tenchi! She tried to kill you! You homicidal princess! Come back
here!" says Ryoko, chasing after her. A few energy blasts are fired and the
house starts on fire. Ryoko comes out, looking shaken and white.

"I......I......didn't mean to!" She runs to Tenchi. Both Tsuna-Ohki and
Tenchi knew what had transpired inside the miniature house. Tsuna-Ohki
frowns and clucks.

"That was definitely not the right way to handle it." Tenchi is silent, and
badly scared.

"Is there a possibility that might happen?" he asks.

"Unfortunately, yes. You're going to have to be very careful, Tenchi."
Tenchi nods, staring at the little house. Tashimi narrows her eyes angrily
at it, and the fire goes out. Amazingly, it rebuilds itself and the Ayeka
doll comes out, unhurt.

"Let's try again. This time, tell Ryoko to stay out of the way, and tell
Ayeka alone, gently." says Tashimi. Tenchi moves his piece by Ryoko, and the
two pieces walk into the woods. After a while, the Tenchi piece comes out
alone. It walks to the house and goes inside. The real Tenchi and Tashimi
bend over it, and get a view through the roof to where the Tenchi doll was
sitting on a miniature of Ayeka's bed, next to the Ayeka doll. Ayeka turns
white at words Tashimi and Tenchi fail to hear. She pleads with Tenchi, then
puts on a brave face. After something Tenchi says, her face crumbles and she
runs out of the house, towards the woods.

"No! Don't go in there!" shouts the real Tenchi.

"Sh!" says Tashimi, "She must make her own choice! She can't hear you,
anyway!"

"Oh." says Tenchi, sheepishly. The Tenchi doll runs out of the house. Ryoko
materializes beside him.

"Did you tell her?"

"Yes. She ran away" says the Tenchi miniature, looking towards the woods.

"I hope she'll be all right." says the Ryoko one.

"Me too. So you want to tell the others?" says the small Tenchi.

"No, I think you should." says Ryoko.

"I'm not looking forward to it."

"I'll go look for her. You go tell the others." Ryoko says. The Tenchi doll
walks to the house, while the Ryoko one walks into the woods. A few minutes
of waiting, the Ryoko doll comes out of the woods, looking shaken. She walks
to the house, where the small Tenchi comes out to meet her.

"What happened?" he asks, looking concerned.

"Ayeka.......Ayeka........is......DEAD!" she starts crying and clinging to
Tenchi, “She killed herself!”

How? Why?” asks the Tenchi miniature.

“She went off the cliff!” says Ryoko, and starts crying even harder. (and
clinging harder, too)

The real Tenchi turns to Tashimi, looking horrified. “This is just showing
you the worst possible ways this might play out. No one can predict exactly
what Ayeka will do. She may take it better then this. I’m just preparing
you.” says Tashimi, looking concerned. Tenchi’s expression doesn’t change.
He yawns. Tashimi looks at the clock. “That’s all we have time for. It’s
late, and you need rest. Go to bed, Tenchi.” Tenchi, looking sleepy, yawns
again and moves to get up.

"Goodnight, Tsuna-Ohki."

"Goodnight, Tenchi." After Tenchi goes to his room, Tashimi morphs from her
old self into her newer form, with the 3 jewels and turquoise streaks in her
hair. She stays up even later, trying to find a strategy that will work, to
tell Tenchi the next day. She doesn't succeed.

The next morning, Tenchi wakes up and finds Tsuna-Ohki (in Tashimi form)
asleep on the floor, next to the chess board. She fell asleep in her new
form, and Tenchi notices. He gently shakes her shoulders.

"Wake up!"

"Huh? What is it, Tenchi?" groans Tashimi.

"Who are you, really?" says Tenchi. "You're not Tsuna-Ohki. Now tell me your
name!" She sits up, wide awake. She looks at him like she's scared. After a
pause, she speaks.

"I am the Lady Tashimi, the elder sister of Princess Ayeka and Ruler of the
planet Jurai." Tenchi's mouth drops. He is completely floored by this reply.

"What about Azusa and Misaki and Funaho?" he asks, stuttering a little.

"They were killed in a spacecraft crash, believed to be caused by Kain."

"Then the story about the picture was true." says Tenchi, mostly to himself.

"Yes. I miss them."

"And that story about Tsunami?"

"That is true, also. I was the "owner" I was speaking of."

"Then you lied to all of us!"

"Yes. I had to. The situation called for anonymity."

"You lied to your sisters! Everything is just a situation to you!" Tenchi
shouts angrily. Lady Tashimi's eyes mist, and she runs from the room.

"Tashimi! Wait!" Tenchi calls, remembering the lesson taught by the unusual
chess set. He hears sobbing, coming from the direction of his room on board
the ship. He walks to the door, hesitates, then walks into the room. Tashimi
is sitting on the bed, crying. She looks up and sees him.

"I may have an analytical mind, but I do have a heart!" she sobs out, "I
regret lying to you all, but I saw no other way around the situation when I
came here!" Acting impulsively, Tenchi puts his arm around the weeping lady
and draws her into a hug. She cries into his chest for a while, then starts
to slow it down.

"I'm sorry, Tenchi, for imposing on you like this." she says, still
hiccuping slightly, not lifting her head.

"It's all right." says Tenchi. His stomach rumbles. They both suddenly
notice what an intimate position they're sitting in. Tashimi looks up, and
blushes. Tenchi blushes, too.

"You're hungry. I'll go make us something to eat." says Tashimi, gently
disentangling herself.

"O.K." says Tenchi. Tashimi, still looking a little pale, and with tear
tracks down her cheeks, walks to the kitchen.

Soon, delicious smells waft into the room.

"Mmmm, what are you making?" asks Tenchi, standing in the doorway.

"Breakfast." Tashimi replies. She sets all the dishes on the table. There is
fish, rice, chicken, vegetables, and enough of it to feed 10 people! Tenchi
looks confused, and Tashimi doesn't know whether to laugh or cry again.

"Umm......"

"Sasami only taught me how to prepare Earth dinners. She didn't know she was
teaching me - I was in cabbit form. Sorry, Tenchi." Tenchi smiles, like he
understands.

"It's okay. Let's eat!" They sit down at the table. After breakfast, they
sit down at the table again and get the chess set out. The days fly by as
Tenchi and Tashimi try to discover the best way to break the news to Ayeka,
and learn more about each other in the process.

Meanwhile, back on Earth, Ayeka and Ryoko are fighting again. They've done
nothing but fight since Tenchi left. Finally no one tries to stop them, they
only dress their wounds when the two bother to come inside the house. The
rest of the occupants of the Masaki household wander aimlessly, while Sasami
cooks up feasts that everyone just picks at. Even Yosho looks sad. Before
Tenchi left, Mihoshi had spent her afternoons on the porch, dozing, but
Ayeka and Ryoko's fighting had driven her inside, to the couch, where her
snores could be heard throughout the house. No one noticed. Their trance
could only be broken by a person, who, at that moment, was in space, sitting
at a very unique chessboard with the Empress of Jurai.

"Oh, my. It's been a month....do you think you're ready to go back, Tenchi?"
asks Tashimi, looking at a computer screen.

"I'm ready. Let's go Tashimi." says Tenchi, looking out the window.

"All right, Tenchi. Tsuna-Ohki - back to earth!" Ayeka and Ryoko are
outside, fighting, when Ryoko sees the flash of light that precedes a ship.

"Yay! Tenchi's back!" yells Ryoko.

"You're just saying that to get away!" says Ayeka, whose back is to the
ship. She is trying to get a hold on Ryoko's throat, and bumps her
dislocated elbow.

"Ow! Ayeka! (Ayeka finds the hold she wanted)
I'm......not.......kidding!........Look over.....your......shoulder!"

"Hey Ayeka! Break it up, will ya!" shouts Tenchi, on the ground again, for
the first time in a month.

"Tenchi? Is it really you? It is you!" shouts Ayeka, letting go of Ryoko and
running to him. She gives him a gentle hug, and then latches onto his right
arm. Ryoko recovers and flies to Tenchi. She gives him a hug, and latches
onto his other arm.

"Oh, I'm so glad you're back! I was so worried!" gushes Ryoko. Tenchi sees
their bandages and asks a simple question.

"Have you been fighting?"

"Yes. Every day they go at it." says Yosho, grumpily, as he walks out to
greet his grandson.

"Hi Grandfather."

"Hello, Tenchi! Come give your dad a hug!" yells Nobyuki as he tries to walk
through the door. He gets pushed aside by Sasami and Mihoshi, who rush out
the door to greet their friend.

"Tenchi! You're finally home! I missed you so much! Was it fun in space?"
says Sasami, talking a mile a minute and bouncing up and down all the while.

"Hi Tenchi! I missed you, too!" says Mihoshi, acting impulsively like Misaki
and hugging Tenchi and the two girls. By hugging them all, she squeezed them
closer together. Ayeka ducks out of the embrace, blushing profusely. Ryoko
stays, enjoying being close to Tenchi, which made it worth the ditz's hug.

"We're all together again!" says Mihoshi, as she lets go of Ryoko and
Tenchi. Tenchi, as planned, tells everyone but Ryoko and Ayeka to go back to
the house. They get only half of the way there before they hear Ayeka scream
"what!". They all turn to look, including Washu, who had just stepped out of
a dimensional portal.

"Tenchi....all right, then.....I....wish you......the best!" she says, and
then begins to break down. Ryoko, recovering from the shock, speaks.

"I knew he would choose me. Anyone would choose me over a snobbish princess
like you!"

"Shut up, you demoness!" yells Ayeka, "It's enough you take Tenchi!"

"I didn't take him! He chose me! And make me, your Highness!"

"With pleasure!" Ayeka shouts, and suddenly her power logs surrounded Ryoko,
who was still clinging to Tenchi. They zap them both once, then Ryoko
teleports them to safety. Ryoko teleports herself again to face Ayeka. She
growls and forms a sphere of energy.

"Take that, you prissy princess!" she yells as she lets it fly. Ayeka ducks
to the side. They start fighting in ernest, while the others watch.

Tenchi snaps out of his trance and runs into the middle - as the two power
up for their most powerful attacks yet. The black cabbit, gone ungreeted and
unnoticed, bounds to Tenchi's side. The two girls let fly with their
attacks, taking Tenchi by surprise. A turquoise shield forms around the boy
and the cabbit, and it stops the attacks. Still not noticing Tenchi, the two
keep fighting. The cabbit begins to glow with a bluish light, then to
change. The fur disappears, leaving smooth, pale skin. The paws turn into
hands and feet. Finally, the clothing appears. As the transformation ends,
the girls cease fighting. The only thing that hasn't changed is the pale
green eyes.

"Enough!" says the strange lady angrily. Ayeka and Ryoko stare at her in
front of them.

"Girls, this is the Lady Tashimi." says Tenchi.

"Oh, my."

"What!"

"She is the present ruler of Jurai."

"Oh. We were informed about Emperor Azusa, Lady Misaki, and Lady Funaho's
deaths, only we did not inquire about the person taking over for the
moment." says Ayeka, too formally. Tashimi could see the pain in her
glistening pink eyes. "I assume that you are a high-ranking court lady...."

"I'm your sister." says Tashimi, cutting Ayeka off.

"What?! That isn't possible......"

"I was sent to the Goddess Tsunami when I was very young, before you were
born. Naturally, I was kept well informed, but I wasn't allowed to come see
you." says Tashimi, cutting her sister off again.

Sasami steps up.

"So you're my other big sister?"

"Yes."

"Is that kinda like another Mommy?" asks Sasami, looking hopeful.

"Mother's death was very hard on her." Ayeka explains.

"Yes, I guess so, Sasami."

"Yay! I have another Mommy!" Sasami shouts as she bounds over to the Tsunami
look-alike and leaps up, into her new-found big sister's arms. Tashimi
catches the little princess, and Sasami twines her little arms around
Tashimi's shoulders. Sasami starts talking again, the words just pouring
out. They others stand silently, trying to comprehend the things Tashimi had
said.

"You don't look like any of the royal family." says Ayeka, suspicious.

"I adopted Tsunami as my surrogate mother and good friend. She has changed
me." says Tashimi, twirling a lock of turquoise hair. Sasami looks at it,
fascinated. Then she pulls a piece of her own hair toward it. She puts them
together, nearly ripping Tashimi's out of her head.

"Look, Ayeka! A match!" she giggles. It was true, Sasami's hair matched the
highlights in Tashimi's.

"But.....but....." starts Ayeka.

"Welcome back, little sister." says Yosho, stepping towards her.

"Hello again, Brother Yosho." she says.

"You knew?!" says Ayeka.

"Of course, Ayeka. Since Tashimi is younger than me, I was there when she
was sent to Tsunami."

"Oh." says Ayeka, then she remembers the transformation. "You were here all
along! You lied to us!" Sasami, evidently remembering the other cabbit,
leaps out of her arms.

"Yes. And I am sorry for that. I wanted to see what it was like here, and
what you were like. It was selfish of me and I'm sorry." Sasami leaps back
up, into Tashimi's arms.

"I forgive you!"

"This isn't about her it's about Tenchi!" says Ryoko, latched onto Tenchi
again.

"I wish you luck, Tenchi. As long as you're happy." says Ayeka, with tears
in her eyes. She breaks down and runs to the house. Yosho sighs.

"I'll talk to her."
