Legalities blah blah blah. Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC and Pioneer 
Animations. I created Raikon Jurai, Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao. 
My friend, Liz Holt, created Akina and Yukio. That's pretty much all 
I've got to say about dat. Enjoy!
(*Yellow= Mihoshi. Pink=Washu. Purple=Ayeka. Green=Ryoko. Aqua=Sasami.
Blue=Raikon. Teal=Kiyone. Red=Both Raikon & Kiyone.*)

***********************************************************************
	
	"Sasami. Raikon. Are you both ready?" They nodded. "Then...BEGIN! 
Sasami, what are you preparing?"
"Well," she began, "I'm going to make Fried Noodles and steamed carrots, 
with a kiss of madarin orange!"
"Mmm! That sounds delicious, Sasami!" Yosho said enthusiastically. 
"And Raikon, what is your dish dejour?" "I'm preparing North Country 
Stir Fry with Terriaki marinaded Chicken  and boiled carrots!" "Well 
let's sit back and watch the chaos commense!"
Nearly an hour passes by...
	Raikon reached a hand into his cloak and retrieved a very large, 
wooden cylinder. "Here we go! My special spice. Teal." He untwisted the 
the cap and put a pinch of the spice into his meal. "This'll really 
bring out the flavor!" Sasami put in a good dosage of nutmeg to hers. 
Simutaneously, they said, "And this meal can feed a family of fifteen!" 
"Huh...we'll actually have leftovers!" Sasami added cheerfully.
"Man, I'm getting hungry just watching them," Ryoko said. Kiyone watched 
on. "Really." 
"Yes! I'm sure this will be a delightful meal!" Ayeka added. 
"Hey father?" "Yes, Nobuyuki?" "Why didn't you tell me you were the 
crowned prince of Jurai?" 
"I never thought it was nesassary." "Oh, okay." 
"And...I'm done! Phew!" the two Juraian chefs announced, exhausted. 
Everyone yelled out in excitement. They would have starved to death 
watching them cook for another five minutes. "Wow! This smells good!" 
Washu exclaimed. Raikon and Sasami began to go through the cupboards and 
retrieved plates, bowls, cuttlery, mugs, and napkins, and set them all 
in their proper places. As they served the food, the entire house was 
swarmed in a waft of delicious scents. The two cooks smiled happily. 
"Dig in!" The Tenchi crew, including Raikon and Sasami proceeded to 
devour the food. 
And thirty minutes later, everyone had finished eating. 
Yosho stood up at the head of the table. "The people have spoken...and 
the best cook is...
BOTH RAIKON AND SASAMI!" Their eyes lit up. Raikon grabbed Sasami's 
hands and they began dancing in a circle singing. "*Hooray! We tied! 
Hooray! We tied!*"
Kiyone looked over to Raikon with a grin. "Hey, Raikon, I think that 
Teal spice really kicked it up a notch!"
Raikon smiled back with his warm smile. "I'm glad you think so. I really 
appritiate that." Raikon shot his eyes towards Tenchi. "Hey, Tenchi, 
where's the restroom? I'd like to get a bath taken if I may." 
"Uh...-" Tenchi began but was interrupted by Washu. "Right this way. 
Follow me." "Um...okay." 
She lead him to the bathroom door. She opened the door smiling. "Big 
isn't it?"
"Yeah," he said, looking around. "Tres cool." 
 Raikon took off his uniform and appeared in his swimsuit. 
*splish*
He slipped into the warm water. "Ah....this is good..." He hears Ryoko 
say quietly, "Comfortable?"
"Yes, very..." Raikon blushed at what he realized. "Ryoko? What the..?" 
"What is it?" she whispered. "You've seen me naked before."
Ryoko, Kiyone, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Washu slid into the water, 
Ayeka and Sasami being the only ones wearing towels.
"You just suprised me, that's all." Raikon started to blush but shook it 
off. Kiyone waded over to him. He tried his hardest not to turn scarlet 
in the face. [Thank God I wore my trunks.]
"Where did you find that wonderful recipe, Raikon?" "Well, I found it in 
an old, Juraian cookbook I bought while I was in school." "Wow. That's 
amazing. Even the Terriaki marinade?" "It was actually supposed to be a 
Juraian herbal sauce but Terriaki is more available and basically has 
the same composition as it." "Um...I think you mean, Cheroseineanal...Is 
that it?" "Yes, I do believe it is." "But what about the..Teal, was it? 
Was that in the original recipe?"
No, actually, that was added out of inspiration," he replied with his 
heart warming smile.
She replied with a blush. 
	"So girls, you wanna go to the karaoke place? My treat." "Sure," 
they answered. "You know," Ayeka began, "it's strange, now we have five 
Juraians here. That's practically half of all of us." "Yeah it is, isn't 
it? Well let's go," Washu said. Mihoshi giggled, "Yeah! To the Karaoke 
Place!" 

	Ayeka sang a ballad a gained a fairly high score. Sasami also sang 
a ballad and she recieved quite a high score. Ryoko performed a rock 
song and she gained a lousy score. Ayeka laughed her head off. Washu and 
Sasami decided to sing a country duet that recieved a skyward total as 
well as Mihoshi's Techno beat.
But last and most certainly not least, Raikon and Kiyone recieved the 
highest score with their superb love duet.


*As against the moonlight your eyes shine, 
As your heart beats with mine,
It's as if we're floating on air,
Its the the love we share,
It's beyond compare, beyond compare,
I'm telling you the truth,
It's like swe-et vermouth,
You sooth my soul, you hold my heart, 
I stroke your hair, I hold your hand,
When we touch, When we touch.
When your lips touch mine, 
It's not the same, ho no, It's not the same, 
It's divine, It's - It's like a whole new world,
A whole new place, 
It's like floating on air,
It's beyo-ond compare, 
It's the love we share....
It's the love we share....
It's...the...love...that...we...sha----re...*

Kiyone's head rest on his chest and her arms were wrapped around him. 
Raikon laid his head upon hers and he too wrapped his arms around her.
"Kiyone? Kiyone? Kiyone?!" Mihoshi called out.
"Raikon? Prince Raikon! Can you hear me?" Ayeka attempted.
They looked into each other's eyes, smiled warmly, blushed and jumped 
back away from one another. Raikon tried to speak, but nervously, 
"Um..he he...that was fun!"
"Uh..How'd we do?" Kiyone asked. "You two did well," Washu began, "200 
points."
"Yeah! We got 200 points! We got 200 points!" Raikiyo (*Raikon & 
Kiyone*) said in a sing-songy fashion. They jumped up and down hugging 
one another. When they again realized what they were doing, with a blush 
they jumped back. Ryoko snickered. "Hey Ryoko," Ayeka said deviously, 
"don't you agree that they make a cute couple?" "Heh heh. They sure are. 
Hee hee."
Mihoshi chuckled. "Guh-ha-ha ha! *Prince Raikon and Kiyone sitting in a 
tree!*" 
"*K-I-S-S-I-N-G!*" "You girls are terrible!" "Thank you Sasami." "Yeah, 
thanks Sasami." "*First comes love! Then comes marriage!*"
 "Grrr.."
"*Then comes Raikon pushing a baby carriage!*" "Huh?! SHUT THE HELL 
UP!!!"
"Aaaahhh!! Okay!! We're sorry!! Guuuuhhh!!!"
Raikiyo are still hyperventilating as Sasami tries to stop laughing. 
Kiyone looked at her wrist-communicator. "Whoa. We better get going. 
It's starting to get late."
"Oh, yeah let's go. C'mon girls." The girls, still frightened replied, 
"Uh...okay..."

	They were greeted by Nobuyuki at their return. "You're finally 
back! We were starting to get worried." "Oh we're fine," Raikon told 
him. "We just went to the Karaoke Place, that's all." "Now that 
everyone's back," Yosho began, "we should really be getting to bed. 
Raikon, go ahead and sleep with Mihoshi and Kiyone in their room since, 
officially, you are still under their jurisdiction." "Yes sir. Well good 
night everyone. *yawn* Oyasumi Nasai." They replied their goodnights.
Kiyone, Raikon, and Mihoshi went upstairs to their room. Kiyone unrolled 
an extra sleeping bag for the prince. "Thank you," he said with a heart-
melting smile. She returned it. "Good night you two," Mihoshi said in a 
suggestive voice. Slightly irritated, they reply, "Good night Mihoshi."
The ditz clicked off the lamp. 
In the darkness, Kiyone turned over to Raikon. "Raikon?" she whispered. 
"Yes Kiyone?" "Who were your parents?" 
"My parents? Well, don't let anyone know, but my mother is Queen Funaho 
and my father is Azusa.." "Then that would mean...!" 
*WA-BOOM!* Ayeka appeared in the doorway with the door being slammed 
into the wall.
"Did you just say 'Queen Funaho'?!" "Um...yes I did...she's my mother."
Ayeka was stunned. Her lower lip shivered but didn't talk.
"Yeah, yeah. That would mean that I'm your brother, Yosho's my brother, 
Sasami is my sister, Misaki is my aunt, Nobuyuki is my nephew, Achika 
was my late niece, and I am Tenchi's great-uncle. Whew." Ayeka was 
staring blankly into space. "Wow!" Sasami said enthusiastically. "I have 
two brothers!" Practically everyone started to appear in their doorway.
"My..my...my great-uncle!?" "Yes, Tenchi. Now you know another reason 
why I couldn't kill you." "Wow, brother. I didn't think you'd slip up 
this fast." "Sorry, but she asked." 
"That's alright. You always were...um...nevermind..." Kiyone was amazed 
to find out who this mysterious man actually was. She was very happy, 
too. "You've got a good brother, Yosho," she said swinging her arms his 
neck. He combed a hand through her teal tresses. They rubbed foreheads. 
"Hmm...I give you two my blessings." "Thank you, Yosho," Raikon said to 
his brother.
"Awww...Isn't that sweet?" Washu said sarcastically. She pointed towards 
Kiyone. "You girl, you're starting to scare me. And you," pointing 
towards Raikon, "buddy boy..."
"Washu." "Yes?" "Stop being weird." "Yes First Crowned Prince of Jurai! 
Hee hee!"
"Why did you have to say that, Washu?" Ayeka was once again stunned. 
"Wha-what?!"
Yosho answered for him. "Raikon is 77 minutes older than myself."
Raikon rubbed his temples. "God."
"He withdrew the marriage with you, Ayeka. You were just a newborn and 
he wanted to continue his work in the Galaxy Police. So he withdrew." 
"You were in the Galaxy Police?" "Yes I was, Kiyone." He saw the 
intrigue in her eyes.
Yosho went on. 
"After he accidentally murdered Xeresei, he panicked and ran for 
Saikyou. A civilian had seen it fly off near the scene of the crime. 
They called the GP and told of the situation. They identified the craft 
as Saikyou and they hesistantly went after him."
"I was the best. Well, after Lord Tatsao, of course. I was the second 
highest ranking GP officer and a First Class Detective. I gave new 
talent awards at the ceremonies two days before the untimely death of 
Xeresei. After that, I was assigned a huge case. 
I completed it mere hours before my duel with Xeresei.
...That's your goal, isn't it, Kiyone? To become the universe's best 
detective, I mean."
"Yes...It is..." Then rubbed foreheads again.
"Well everyone," Raikon said, "let's all get some rest."
...
The lights are out, the doors are shut, silence rules all...
Raikon stroked a hand across Kiyone's cheek and held her chin with a big 
hand.
They kissed passionately at of which time seemed void.
They wished each other a good night. "Oyasumi Nasai."
They fell asleep with her hand held tightly in his.







