Ya know what I have to say about copyright.
	
No Need For Family

			Chapter 7: Truth or Consequence
	
	San-ohki dicided to fight. The murderer however, ran. Ran for it's life. 
San-ohki turned and went over to Maiaka.
	"Princess...Princess, Can you hear me?" She pleaded.
No response.
	"Princess!!" San-ohki shook Maiaka's tiny little body. Still no response 
came.
	"Meow!!!!" San-ohki turned and fled out of the forest, leaving Maiaka 
where she was.


	"Huhhh? Where am I? What is going on?" Maiaka awoke with a groan. "Miya? 
Is that you?"
	The spirit turned her head. She looked sad and tired, but pleased to see 
her sister was okay. 
	"Yes, It is me. Maiaka, time is short for all of us. You know what you 
must do. I will try and protect you with my will, but you can't stay in the 
future much longer. If you don't warn our parents now, it will be too late and 
we will have to face the consequences."
	Before Maiaka could respond, she fell unconsiuos.  

				A Little While Later...

	"Woah, where am I? San-ohki? Where did you go?" Maiaka awoko with a start. 
She could barely remember what happened, except that she remembered finding Miya 
dead, and then colliding with her spirit.
	"Meow. You called Princess? Oh it's good to see you awake again! You 
scared me... I thought you were dead! Are you okay?" San-ohki babbled on, 
stopping to gaze at the Princess, who had a confused look on her face.
	"San-ohki, where are we?" Maiaka gazed around the room, except it wasen't 
a room at all. All sorts of mechanical items were around the "room". Not letting 
San-ohki answer her, she got up from where she was laying, and walked over to 
the items. She picked them up, looked at them, then put them back down. Her eyes 
were filled with curiousity, making her look like a little kid. 
	"Yes, quite wonderful isn't it? I would have never thought she actully 
made all of these." San-ohki hopped around, looking at the different items.
	"Who made all of these, San-ohki?" Maiaka fixed her gaze upon San-ohki, 
who looked bewildered. 
	"Your Mother, of course! Can't you tell?" 
	"Your kidding, right?" Maiaka gave San-ohki a surprised look of 
astonishment.
	"No I am not kidding!"
	"This looks like the stuff I mess around with at home." She said, looking 
around the room.
	"Oh! Dinner! Yummy!" San-ohki bounded off, then came back. "Want 
anything?"
	"No." Maiaka walked over to a computer, and started messing around. "Oh! I 
remember doing this all the time! It's so easy I could do it in my sleep!" She 
finally stopped messing with the keyboard when San-ohki returned, dragging a 
sack behind her.
	"What's in the sack, San-ohki?" Maiaka was curious to see what San-ohki 
was dragging, and rolled her eyes when San-ohki responded.
	"Peppermints."
	"You're the only cabbit I know who eats peppermints."

					*******

	"Umm, Tenchi?...." Miyu was sitting in between Tenchi and Ryoko, and 
paying no attention to her food at all. "May I have a word with you when your 
done. Thanks." She shuffled off to her room on the secound floor. Ami, however, 
finished eating her rice, and stood up. The poor little girl basically had to 
leave the table before everyone else or she would get run over. Before she left, 
she went back over to where she was sitting in between Washu and Aeka. She 
looked around the table, and her eyes settled on Ryoko, who was staring back at 
her. Catching everyones attention she walked over to Ryoko and tapped her on the 
back. She whispered something to her, and left.
	"What was that all about Ryoko?" Washu asked, staring at her. 
	"I dunno, she wants to meet me somewhere later." Ryoko shrugged, and stood 
up.

					*******

	When everyone was clearing the table, Washu went down to her lab to check 
on Maiaka and San-ohki. San-ohki had led her deep into the forest where she 
found Maiaka knocked out. She also saw that Miya had left earlier, and never 
returned. She thought maybe Miyu or Ami knew something about it, but they 
didn't. She had dicided to ask Maiaka when she woke up.
	"San-ohki, should I tell her? I mean, I have the job of warning mom. I 
wonder if Ami and Miyu got around to their jobs?"
	"Princess I- Meow meow meow!" 	
	"What's gotten into you? Well anyway, Should I tell her?"
	"Tell her what?" A voice cut into her conversation. "What's up, Maiaka?"
	Maiaka turned around to see Washu standing behind her, a curious smile on 
her face.
	"Uhh... I... I..."
	"Yes?"

					*******

	"I need to tell you something." Miyu confessed, her blue eyes staring at 
the ground.
	"What is it?" 
	"Tenchi, I... Don't know how to put this..."

					*******
	
	"Ryoko, I came from the future. I am here on account of I need to warn my 
parents, but I need to warn my sister also. You, are my sister, Ryoko. I am your 
future sister." Ryoko stared at the small little girl. She seemed so small and 
mysterious, and sort of, well, cute. 

	"You see," Maiaka began, tears rising in her throat. "you're my...my.."
	"What?" Washu asked again patiently.
	Maiaka swollowed hard. "Your my mother."

	"Tenchi, you're my father," Miyu stated quietly. Her voice was shaking, 
and her mouth was dry. "You probably won't understand this, and you may never, 
but you're supposed to marry my mother, or as known to you, Washu. It is 
destiny."

	"Please, I can't explain this in a way you can understand, only in a way 
you will think you can understand. You will marry my father, or as you know him 
as Tenchi, and destiny will put together a fate." Maiaka sighed. This was harder 
than she had thought. "Fate will have it that you will have two kids, or Ami and 
I. I can't explain everything to you because it might cause a paradox. When I 
stop the future from collapsing, you will find Jen telling you that a child will 
be born. I will have many things to look after in the future, and I can't 
promise a long life. What happened to Miya today changes the future forever. 
Somebody killed her, and that will only cause a huge problem, because it means I 
will only live until I'm 17."
