    "What a weird place," said Tenchi as they approached one of the town's
gates.  Two metal poles seemed to be just placed outside the gate.  These
were only two of the many metal posts that seemed to placed every few dozen
yards outside the fence that circled the buildings.  The short poles seemed
to be weak looking, with many thin struts and crystal lens lining their
sides.
    Washu had her scanner out again and was sweeping the posts.  "Those seem
to be some kind of machines," remarked Washu.
    "What kind?" asked Tenchi.  "Some kind of phone system?  Maybe the
town's
early warning system?"
    "I don't think so," said Washu.  "Uh oh."
    "What do you mean, uh oh?" demanded Kiyone.
    "They just had a power surge," replied Washu as she took a step back.
    The two nearest posts had stood up straight, on their struts, the lens
focusing on the new comers.
    "Halt," stated one of the machines as it stepped forward, knives
appearing on some of the arms that unfolded from the body.
    Even before it could take another step, there was a red splash of energy
that smashed into it, sending it reeling back.
The other post started to spin its knives and started to walk towards Washu,
the other poles lifted themselves up from the ground, becoming active.
    "No, no, no!" shouted Washu as she hit the dirt, as Kiyone continued to
fire with her pistol.  Red dots of energy slammed into metal bodies,
shattered lens and fried circuits.
    "Damn," stated Tenchi as he ducked, "what a time to forget my sword!"
    "Oh no, Keep away!" yelped Mihoshi, as she tried to cover 10101's
unconscious body, to try to protect him.
    Kiyone stood, legs spread wide, holding the laser in both hands as she
carefully and calmly selected targets, squeezing off blast after blast.
Already six of the machines were down, but others are walking forward,
knives
flashing and showing no signs of stopping.  "No," said one right before
Kiyone cut it in half with a well placed shot.
    "This is NOT the way to make friends!" complained Washu from the ground
as red energy lashed through the air over her head.

    <Alert.  Enforcers of 1101 are being attack by malfunctioning
attendants.
One is 10101.  Requesting orders.>
    The local network of fuzzy logic circuits, memory chips and holographic
brains came to life, just long enough to send back a reply.
    <TAKE THEM ALIVE.  THEY CAN BE STUDIED.>

    "Damn," cursed Kiyone, "my gun is dead!"  She tossed it at the nearest
machine, where it bounced off harmlessly.
    "Keep away!" demanded Mihoshi as the machines crowded in, knives
humming.
    "No," stated one of the machine.  "Follow, follow."  The machines
cleared
a space, trying to herd them towards the gate in the fence.  The knives
stopped twirling, but the lens kept twitching.
    "Well," grumbled Washu as she stood up, dusting off her shorts, "looks
like we're going to be visiting the town."
    Tenchi got up and frowned.  "I'm never leaving the house again," he
declared as one of the machines stepped closer.
    "Move, move," demanded the machine.
    "Keep your pants on," answered Washu, as she helped Mihoshi pick up
10101.

    10101 wake up in one of the rooms of storage building 10100101001.  He
could tell because of the barrels of grain in one corner.  Standing near the
door was the strangers.  He sat up and frowned.
    Washu, the tiny redhead, turned away from the door and said, "Well,
sleeping beauty is awake."
    The dark haired one named Kiyone stomped over and picked him off the
floor with one hand about his neck and the other holding him up by the front
of his uniform.  He choked and struggled, as she hissed, "Open the door,
now!"
    "Kiyone," snapped Washu, "don't let your fears rule you."
    Kiyone turned about to glare, "I am not letting my fears rule me.  He is
a native of this town, he can find the way out."
    "He can't talk while you're crushing his throat," pointed out the boy.
    Kiyone dropped 10101 and walked off into one of the corners, where the
blonde haired girl joined her, speaking softly to the angry one.
    10101 rubbed his throat and tried to stand up.
    "I am sorry," said Washu, "Kiyone is use to having control over events.
Like you, she does not respond to strange stimuli very well."

    "Kiyone, you OK?" asked Mihoshi, as she placed a hand on her partner's
shoulder.
    "Yes," snapped Kiyone, who tried to move away, then sighed.  "No, I'm
sorry.  I feel confined."
    "You have a problem with small spaces?" stated Mihoshi, as she drew
closer, trying to look into Kiyone moist eyes.
    "Well, sometimes," answered Kiyone, looking up to meet her partner's
eyes.  "It's not space as much as feeling out of it.  I don't like it when I
feel like I am not in control.  We're on a strange planet, captured by
machines and trapped in this room without a way out.  It's like having an
invisible net about me, enclosing me.  Sometimes I felt it when I was in the
jungle, fighting the drug dealers.  The natives sometimes refused to help
and
the Galaxy Police gave me all these rules I had to follow.  I felt so
trapped, so entangled by it all."
    "Listen to me," whispered Mihoshi, "I'm here for you.  We all are.  We
are not trapped.  Washu and Tenchi can get out of anything.  Remember when I
told you about Tenchi saving me and Princess Ayeka from a black hole?  If a
collapsed Stardrive can't stop him, do you think a metal door will?"

    "Listen," asked Tenchi, "would you happen to know how to open the door?"
    "I can't open the door," replied 10101.
    "Who can?" asked Washu as she smiled at 10101.
    "The machines."
    "Figures," complained Tenchi as he kicked the metal walls of the room.
    "Where are we?" asked Washu, slowly and clearly, like she was talking to
a child.
    "Storage room within building 10100101001," stated 10101 as he stood up.
"It can hold over twenty units of grain."
    "Nice," said Tenchi, "at least we can bake bread if we need too."
    "No," corrected 10101, "only machines can make bread."
    "Right," remarked Washu as she turned back to face the door.  "So,
machines run the whole town."
    "Home Town is only here because of the machines."  10101 watched the
strange ones as they examined the door.
    Tenchi shook his head and said to Washu, "He's human?"
    10101 frowned and said, "I'm an attendant.  Senior Technician 10101.  I
work on the power grid."
    "Now 10101," stated Washu, "what is this door made of?"
    "I don't know," answered 10101, "I did not make the door."
    "Right," commented Tenchi.  "So, who likes raw grain?"
    Washu chuckled, as Kiyone and Mihoshi rejoined the group.  Kiyone seemed
to be calmer, hugging her arms against her chest as she gave 10101 a look he
could not define.
    "I don't think my teeth can handle that," whined Mihoshi.
    "Don't worry," laughed Washu as she snapped her fingers.  Before her
hands appeared her ethereal laptop.  "I'll just whip up something for us to
eat."
    "HEY!" called out Tenchi who had been about to sit down, now jerking
back
up, hands in fists.  "You could have made us some food on Gamma TEN!"
    "No," said Washu, wiggling a finger at him with one hand while she typed
with the other.  "That was a camping trip.  We were roughing it."
    "You could have charged up the time ship within seconds, right?"
demanded
Tenchi.
    "But what fun would THAT of been?" snickered Washu as she pushed enter
on
her laptop.
    As Tenchi raved five covered trays popped out of the air and floated
down
to land on the ground.
    "OK," said Washu as she picked up one of the trays and took off the
cover, "who wants braised ducklings stuffed with cabbit."
    "I do, I do!" said Mihoshi as she jumped up and down.
    "It comes with potatoes," added Washu as she handed Mihoshi the tray.
    Tenchi tried not to watch Mihoshi bounce as he blushed and held his nose
shut.
    As Washu picked up the next tray, 10101 started to drool.  The scents
were new and amazing.  He knew it must be food, but he had never seen such
dishes before.
    "OK," stated Washu, "our next dish is a flounder with a rich cheese
sauce."
    "Oh, that sounds great," spoke up Kiyone.  "I'll have that one."

    The Juraian Spaceship slowly lowered Becca into the center of the lake,
next to Funaho.  Katsuhito, Nobuyuki and members of the Royal Body Guard
quickly shoveled the dirt back into the pre-prepared hole, covering the
roots
as the spaceship released Becca from its energy grapples.
    As the spaceship silently shot off into sky after beaming up the crew,
Funaho's leafs started to drop down beams of color. Musical notes floated
across the lake with each drop of light.  It looked like a tiny storm of
rainbows.
    Becca did not respond.
    Lady Misaki frowned and looked over at Ayeka, "oh my.  Do you truly
think
this is going to work?"
    "I am sure it will," replied Princess Ayeka, "it will just take some
time."
    Katsuhito stepped out of the shallow lake and said, "She is right.  I am
sure Funaho can help Becca in the end."  He handed his shovel to his
sweating
son-in-law.
    Princess Sasami and tiny Ryo-Ohki stepped out of the forest.  The tiny
princess was carrying a large picnic basket and a large bottle of maple tea
while the cabbit has carrying napkins in a tiny backpack.  The basket was
from Thailand, with pretty flower designs painted on the beautifully stained
sides and on the round lid, which also acted as another container.
    "Hello," said the happy princess, "I brought you all some noodle
casserole, sushi and miso soup.  I see Becca is here too.  Hi Becca!"  She
placed the basket on a nice grassy spot next to the lake and opened it.
    "Becca is not responding yet," pointed out Princess Ayeka.  "This might
sound funny, but I almost wish Washu was here.  She would know how to handle
this."
    "It might take time," commented Nobuyuki as he sat down on the grass,
"when one loses loved ones the wounds may never heal.  One has to relearn
that to gain one has to risk.  Only those who reach out get the love, but
even the greatest gift of love sometimes comes with pain."
    "Oh my," said Sasami as she started to unpack the picnic basket, first
unfolding a blanket and then taking out the plates.  Ryo-Ohki hopped about,
handing out napkins and receiving pats on the head.
    "That smells good," said Princess Ayeka as she knelt down on the
blanket.
    "Thank you," said Sasami as she watched Tenchi's father lean the tools
against a nearby, normal, Earth tree.
    'I keep forgetting that Mr. Nobuyuki Masaki is an adult,' thought the
tiny Princess as she made sure everyone had a full plate of food.  'He acts
so immature and childish sometimes, I forget that he might have wisdom and
knowledge to share.  He did love his wife Achika very much.  I bet he must
truly wish for another love like that, even at his old age.'

    Tenchi stared at 10101 and said, "If he doesn't slow down he is going to
choke."
    Washu turned to watch the poor man slurp up the venison stew.  "He
might.
 I don't think he has had anything so rich before in his system.  I fear he
might get sick."
    "So," said Kiyone, "what are we going to do after we finish our little
meal here?"
    Washu smiled evilly.
    Mihoshi was too busy digging into her own food to add anything to the
discussion.

    "Washu," whispered Tenchi as the others prepared themselves for the
escape.
    "Yes?" said Washu as she checked her reflection of the metal wall.
    "What happened to grandfather?" asked Tenchi as he glanced at 10101 who
was leaning against a crate, looking sick.
    "Well," said Washu, "if he did GET to this planet, chasing Ryoko, he
might of left before this.  Just think of it.  The machines come, cutting
down the trees.  Those metal monsters would endanger Funaho, so of course
your grandfather would have had to leave, taking Ryoko with him back to
Jurai."
    "Yes," pondered Tenchi out loud, "that sounds logical."
    "And," continued Washu, "if anybody could have defeated Kagato, it would
have been Prince Yosho, maybe allied with Ryoko."
    "Ryoko and grandfather?"
    "She fell for you," smirked Washu, as she turned about, inspecting
herself in the wall.  "Imagine them defeating that madman hundred of years
before now.  Maybe even releasing me, letting me out long ago."

    Ten minutes later, right when Tactical Land Unit 1001 started to
approach
the main gate of work station 1101, the front door of building 10100101001
exploded outsides, setting off every alarm system within a five mile radius.
    Out of the smoke and flame leapt out two Goddesses of Battle.  Mihoshi,
her blonde hair flowing behind her, was wearing the purple and orange Galaxy
Police Battle Suit.  With a laser pistol in each hand her looked like a
hyperactive berserker as she bounced over the ground, blasting enforcers,
tiny wheeled robots and defenseless signs.
    The other Goddess of Battle was Kiyone.  In her tight Battle Suit, with
her dark green strands of hair whipping about like angry snakes, and her two
pistols, she launched herself over the road, rebounding off the far wall,
dodging even while her shots took out five machines within seconds.
    One driven by luck and fear, the other by rage and skill, both working
together in perfect harmony.  The two bodies seeming to fly, jumping and
twisting through the air, laser pistols seeming to be undirected yet at the
same time always hitting the target.  Mihoshi kept screaming and whining,
while Kiyone attacked silently, with a smile on her face.  They kept close
to
each other, as if linked by invisible rubber bands, fighting together like
flashing angels of death.
    Out of the smoking hole that was once a perfectly normal doorway stepped
Washu, now in her old black and green Space Academy uniform.  She smiled,
saying to Tenchi who followed her out into the sunlight, "I told you I could
design Galaxy Police equipment without a problem."
    One of the buildings fell apart, the walls and roof falling inwards, as
the Galaxy Police Officers continued to fight the growing number of
enforcers.
    Tenchi jerked a thumb over his right shoulder, "How about him?"
    "I am sure they won't harm him," said Washu, "the machines sent him out
to get us.  I think they noticed the Jumper when it landed.  Either by radar
or some other detectors."
    "You sure?"
    The ground started to shake, as secondary explosions started to rock the
structures.  One of the towers started to collapse, spreading dust and
flames
down many of the streets, causing panic and confusion among both the
machines
and the attendants.  The road was now full of smoking remains, melted metal
and shattered glass.
    "No," replied Washu, "but I dare not remove him from this timeline."
    "Well," stated Tenchi, "lets REMOVE ourselves from this timeline
please."
    "OK-"
    There was the crack of thunder and one of the nearby buildings blew up,
flames and smoke lifting up into the air, raining pieces of machinery all
over the block.  Mihoshi and Kiyone were tossed off their feet by the blast.
Washu and Tenchi were almost thrown back into the storage building.
    "What the hell was that!" screamed Tenchi.
    Suddenly the battle machine was there at the end of the road, trying to
push its way between two of the structures.  It was as big as any of the
buildings, wider and much more solid looking.  The huge barrels were all
starting to focus down the street, preparing to fire another volley.
    "RUN!" shouted Washu.
    Before she and Tenchi could do anything else, Mihoshi and Kiyone were
among them.  Mihoshi tossed Tenchi over her shoulder as Kiyone picked up
Washu.
    The battle machine fired.  A dozen large shells slammed into the damaged
storage building and it disappeared in a cloud of flame and spinning
wreckage.
    But it was too late.  Two figures could be seen running down the road,
at
a 45% angle to the road surface.  Mihoshi and Kiyone, easily carrying their
friends with the power of the suits, leapt over the fence and preceded to
move at sixty miles per hour up the hill.  They leaned against the air,
plowing through it, their powered legs leaving tiny craters in the earth.
    The battle machine's engines roared louder and it shot down the road,
doing great damage to the surrounding walls and defenseless robots, as it
increased its own speed to around ninety miles per hour.

    The Director spread itself into the work station's network, but many
parts were not responding and the radio tower was gone.  Even as it linked
with many of the robotic cameras and enforcers, it watched things get out of
control, as 1001 went on a rampage down the main service road.
    <REPORT.> it demanded of the enforcers.
    <Attendants escaping. 10101 still within holding room. 20% damage to
local power grid. 30% enforcers destroyed. 23% service units destroyed.
Requesting orders.>
    <FOLLOW AND SUPPORT UNIT 1001.>
    The Director watched as the enforcers surged towards the hole in the
fence, the hole that the huge charging battle machine had made.  Already it
was sending out commands for the attendants and service machines to get to
work on repairing the damage.

    "Faster!" shouted Washu over the wind, as Kiyone skipped and jumped over
the ground.  It was a real ground eating lope, but even Washu could see that
the pursuing machine was gaining.  It had fairly wide tires, with powerful
engines and was obviously designed for crossing almost any type of terrain.
    "I'm going as fast as I can!" called out Kiyone, as she bounced over
another dike.
    "Head THAT way!" commanded Washu, pointing towards one of the huge
harvesters.
    "That's not the right way!" stated Mihoshi, as she held the wiggling
Tenchi's legs.  His head was near her behind and his face was all red for
some reason, as he bounced against her.
    'What a weird position to be in,' thought Tenchi, 'being carried by
Mihoshi in a fireman's hold or whatever it's called.  Funny, never noticed
it
before, but her puffball looks like a bunny's tail.'
    "Do it!" demanded Washu.

    The battle machine, known as Tactical Land Unit 1001, changed direction
by just slowing one pair of the wheels, turning to follow the targets.  It
did not notice that they were now heading right towards one of the farming
machines, nor would it of cared if it had detected the machine.  All wheels
came back to full speed and it shot ahead, plowing through corn, mud filled
paddies and dirt walls.
    The enforcers, much slower, continued to follow in the destruction of
their big brother's passage.

    "Under!" yelped Washu, "go under the machine!"
    Kiyone and Mihoshi did not question Washu this time and just shot under
the harvester.  This was safer than it sounded, as only the limbs and arms
near the front of the machine was working. The rest were folded against the
belly of the moving ironclad, as they were not needed for the bean field it
was working on.
    They ran as fast as they could, leaving a twin trail of dust behind
their
blurred bodies.  They dodged between the huge legs, as they now changed
direction again, heading towards the Jumper.
    Behind them came the machine, the guns already loaded and aimed.
    The sound of steel screaming filled the air and the left side of the
harvester burst, flame and steam pouring out with tons of freshly pricked
beans.  Another volley followed and the whole body of the poor bean picker
exploded upwards, spreading ash and beans into the air.  Then the battle
machine, refusing to slow, slammed into the burning harvester.  It was able
to slice halfway through before getting trapped within the larger body of
the
mindless farming machinery.
    It tried to remove itself, wheels screaming in reverse, guns firing
continuously.
    Suddenly the two machines became nothing more than a giant fireball,
filling the sky with burning pieces and cooked beans.  The enforcers
stopped,
just outside the range of the blast, as they now had nothing to support and
nobody to chase.
    "HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" laughed Washu as the group raced away, towards the mud
covered Jumper, "I am SO SMART!"

    "Everybody in," demanded Washu as she scrambled into her chair,
"everybody in!"
    Kiyone shoved Tenchi in and soon followed, with Mihoshi close behind.
    "Charging up everything!" shouted Washu as she brought the door back
into
existence.
    "I can't fit into my chair!" complained Mihoshi as she tried to buckle
the straps over her Battle Suit.
    "Engines have been powered up," said Washu, slightly calmer as she
pulled
one of the tiny levelers near her chair.
    "Wow," said Kiyone, "look at them burn!"
    "Go, go, go!" whined Tenchi, as he watched the enforcers on his display
screens.  They were working their way around the fire and smoke of the two
dead machines, heading towards the Jumper.  The enforcers were having
trouble
with the rice paddy's mud, but they were still coming, plowing through the
muck and smoking piles of beans.
    "Going," remarked Washu as she slammed the Jumper into the barriers that
kept timelines apart.
    The Jumper lifted up, casting off layers of wet black mud and vanished.
The enforcers halted and scanned the field with their tiny lens and sensors.

    <Attendants have escaped.> came the report from the weak radios of the
enforcers.
    The Director did not bother to reply.  The enforcers would continue to
search till they found the escapees.  There was no place they would run on
the planet without a machine finding them.  It was only a matter of time.

    Princess Sasami sat by the lake, as the sun slowly lowered in the west,
bringing to the landscape many shades of pink and red.  She smiled, petting
Ryo-Ohki, as she chatted with the new tree.
    "Becca is such a nice name," said the tiny girl with the light blue
ponytails.  She was wearing a formal kimono, sitting on a small padded
blank,
a bottle of tea next to her, along with some more of Ryo-Ohki's carrot
cupcakes.
    Ryo-Ohki was in toddler form, but sat in Sasami's lap just the same, as
she enjoyed the petting, being a true hedonist at heart.
    "I bet you must miss the Royal Palace," Sasami said to the silent tree,
as it seemed to skulk by the older Funaho.
    "I miss it a lot myself.  I use to explore it all, from the chamber of
trees, to the great hall of mirrors and even sometimes I would go to the
library.  Very few people went to the old library.  The screens were always
dusty and the memory cubes had cracks.  I could sit at the desks and pretend
to be a space pirate or a wife of some great noble.
    "I never dreamed my sister would take me on a seven hundred year search,
planet by planet, of this part of the galaxy.  Do you know how many planets
there are in this arm of the Milkyway Galaxy that are part of the Galactic
Union or support a civilization advanced enough have made contact with the
Union?  I do.  We visited most of them.  All 23,456 planets."
    The tiny princess sighed and added, "That's about thirty-three to
thirty-four planets a year. No shopping, no sight seeing.  Just asking about
Ryoko, showing her image over the local GHK stations and moving on."
    The tiny princess waited to see if Becca was going to react. Funaho
dropped a few beams of light, but the smaller tree was dark.  Soon the sun
would be gone and Sasami knew she would have to leave.  She felt the need to
continue trying.
    Princess Sasami forced herself to chuckle and remarked, "Still, it was
nice to explore the galaxy.  Lucky for me, my big sister never figured out
it
would be faster to just have the GHK network send the image to all the
planets by their subspace broadcast equipment.  That way she could have
focused on the backwater planets.  Still lots of them too, of course.  All
boring.
    "She spent all the time looking for a half-brother to wed and now she
has
found him, but he had a family.  A wife and girl long before we got here.
And a grandson named Tenchi."
    "Don't forget me," said a voice from the forest.
    "Oh," a startled Sasami said, before smiling and exclaiming, "Mr.
Nobuyuki Masaki.  I did not notice you there."
    "The sun is about to disappear and you need to come home," said Tenchi's
father as he approached with an old fashion oil lamp.  "Your mother is
wondering where you were."
    "Just talking to Becca," replied Sasami as she folded up the blanket and
packed up the food.  "I figured, as she is kind of young, like me, she might
want to talk to me."
    Nobuyuki smiled and said, "What a lovely thought.  You will have more
time tomorrow and the day after.  We can come and have picnics on the
weekends, maybe even camp out if the weather is agreeable."
    "Oh yes," said the tiny princess, as she helped Ryo-Ohki to her feet.
    "Come on," murmured Nobuyuki, "before I go insane.  If Ryoko calls Lady
Misaki 'pretty young lady' one more time, I am going to go stay in my
one-room apartment in the city and never come back."
    "You have an apartment in the city?" asked Sasami as she walked next to
him, towards the stairs.
    "Well, sure," commented Nobuyuki, "where do you think I am most of the
time, hiding under the house?"

    "I don't want dinosaurs," said Tenchi, "I don't want machines who want
to
kill us, I don't want aliens or mad scientists or devil bunnies or Greek
Gods
or talking trees or a world where clones of naked Ryoko have taken over."
    Tenchi slammed a fist into the right arm of his chair, "I want a nice,
friendly planet, with good food, nice people and NO danger."
    "How boring," commented Washu.
    "WASHU!" shouted Kiyone and Mihoshi, trying to clean the mud and sweat
off with wet napkins.
    "OK," remarked Washu, "ok, you want a utopia, you'll get one."
    "Good," said Tenchi as he leaned back and sighed.  "How the hell did
machines take over?"
    "Easy," said Washu.  "In our timeline, you would be amazed by when
inventions were REALLY invented.  Nothing is really new under the sun.
Birth
control pills, computers and even batteries were made well before what we
look at as modern history.  Most of it is forgotten."
    "So here," said Mihoshi, "the discoveries are not forgotten?"
    "Sure," commented Washu, "for example, the first computer was the
Antikythera mechanism from around the first century BC. Hell, coin-operated
machines, chewing gum, brain surgery, earthquake detectors, automatic doors,
steam engines, central heating, lightning rods and many other inventions
were
invented by the ancients."
    Washu adjusted the controls and added, "Just think of what would happen
if only a few of these inventions had been kept, instead of lost.  Maybe
allowing the people on this planet to develop thinking machines, for
example.
 There is really nothing to explain WHY some ideas and discoveries fade away
only to be FOUND again later in history."
    "Chewing gum?" stated Mihoshi as she tried to get out of her suit.
    "What are you doing?" shrilled Tenchi as he tried not to watch Mihoshi
strip.
    "I want to get into something dry," whined Mihoshi as she tugged at the
top half of the suit, pulling it off her shoulders.
    Tenchi covered his eyes as Kiyone also started to undress.
    "Maybe utopia will have clothing stores," joked Washu.
    "Get into something dry?" stated Kiyone as she slipped out of the Battle
Suit.  "Have you been watching James Bond films again?"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters or settings are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.
 The rest is mine.
Spam, Spam, Spam, BEANS, Spam, Spam, lovely Spam, spammy Spam....


