This story was made by PurpleSailorSaturn7. None of the charicters were made by 
me except for a few. Please do not sue me for any copyright reasons. 

No Need For Family

				Chapter 1: Girl From The Future
	"Is this where I'm supposed to be?"
	"Yes. Now remember that the sooner you fix this you can come back. Please 
be careful."
	"Yes mommy."
	"The sooner you fix the problem the sooner you can come back to the 30th 
century."
	"But..."
	"No but's. Now go."
	"Okay..."
The small, faraway voice in her head faded away, until it was silent again 
except for her thoughts.
Maiaka wasn't your average girl. She's was far from it. Her father was a prince 
of a planet called Jurai and her mother was a goddess. Maiaka was somewhere in 
between. Or at least, that is what they where before she went back in time. In 
this time her father was a normal teenage boy and her mother was a 5,000 year 
old mad scientist (though she didn't look a day over twelve!) 
	"Maiaka, my dearest child, I am sending along your gaurdian San-ohki. She 
will pose as your pet unless she is needed. Remember that some of your powers 
and transformations may never work in the 20th century."
Again, before Maiaka could say anything, the voice faded. She sat down and 
started brushing her short, purple pigtails. A small thud came from behind her. 
A few secounds later her gaurdian, a half cat, half rabbit, jumped out from 
behind her.
	"Princess, You better get going. Then we can go back home to the 30th 
century."
	"San-ohki...Shut up. I won't become princess of Jurai until the 70th 
century. So we have a long time until we have to worry."
Maiaka stood up and walked aimlessly through the woods until she came to what 
looked like a carrot feild. She sat down for what seemed like a minute, when she 
heard something behind her.
	"Hi! What are you doing here?" a voice asked.
Maiaka jumped up and started running as fast as possible. 
	"Come back! I won't hurt you!" the voice called.
Maiaka kept running until she came to the middle of the forest. She pulled out a 
small cube with a burnt out star in the middle of it.
	"Guiding Cube Of Light, Show me where my parents are!" 
The star started to glow and a beam of light shot out of it. 
	 Maiaka followed the light until she came to a rest at a tree in the 
middle of a lake.
	"Hey Aeka, Ryoko! Who's that?" 
Maiaka turned around to see a girl with long, light blue pigtails pointing at 
her. 
	"What are you talking about Sasami? Oh! What are you doing over there 
little girl?" A girl with purple hair asked. A third girl joined them a few 
moments later.
	"Um..."
	"She asked you a question."The third girl snapped.
        "Purple Supreme Teleport!" Maiaka cried out, and in a flash of light she 
dissapeared, leaving the three girls confused.

		"She's probably just a tourist whose lost." Washu said, stacking 
more food on her plate.
Tenchi had tried explaining to everyone else (With the help of Aeka, Ryoko, and 
Sasami,) about the girl he had saw in the feilds earlier. Still, Everyone had 
their doubts.
	"Hey everyone, come here a minute!" Tenchi's father, Nobiyuki, called from 
the doorway.
	"What is it father?" Tenchi asked when everyone had made it to the 
doorway.
	"Look what I found on my way home today," He moved out of the way and a 
mad looking girl was fighting with her pet cabbit. She looked up and got a 
terrified look and sort of froze in place. 
	Tenchi reconized this girl...
	She was the girl he saw in the feilds! 

