Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo, AIC and Pioneer does. I don't own 
Tenchi, Ryoko (they belong to each other), or anyone else. So don't sue 
me!

No Need for a Kidnapping: Prologue
By Chibi-C

Authors notes: This is OAV based, but I included Kiyone because she's a 
cool character (and the only relatively normal one). Sorry, Mayuka 
isn't in this story. Let's see.what am I forgetting? OH YEAH! The 
warnings! Action, sap, minor angst, yuri.wait a second.YURI!? 
Kyinia (My muse): Sorry, couldn't help myself.
WELL, CHANGE IT BACK!!!!!
Kyinia: Fine. (No more Yuri.)
Ok, no where was I? Ah yes.Action, sap, minor angst, romance, and let's 
just say everyone's acting a little bit OOC, just to be on the safe 
side.
On with the story!
.
.
AHEM! I said ON WITH THE STORY!
Kyinia: Sorry. (Waves hands.) Here we go!

It was just another average day in Okayama. The birds were chirping, 
the bees were buzzing, the Misaki home was being blown to bits.

"Tenchi's mine!" Ryoko shouted as she hurled another energy blast at 
Ayeka.

"I think not!" Ayeka shouted as she raised her shield and came back 
with a counterattack.

"Girls, please stop!" Tenchi shouted, rather angered.

The girls both stopped fighting and looked at Tenchi. Neither one of 
them had ever seen Tenchi as angry as he was now, besides when he was 
fighting Kagato. They both landed on the ground.

"Uhh.sorry Tenchi. Guess we kinda got a little carried away back 
there," Ryoko said.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi. We're very sorry."

Tenchi let out a small sigh. "It's okay, girls. Just try not to do it 
again."

Ayeka went inside. Ryoko, however, transported herself next to Tenchi 
and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Anything for you, Tenchi-kun."

"Ryoko.I can't.breathe."

"Oops," she said, letting go. "Guess I don't know my own strength."

"With someone as strong as you, that's pretty dangerous," Tenchi said, 
smirking.

"Hey!" Tenchi tried to stifle a laugh at the red starting to creep up 
into her face. "I'm going inside. See ya, Tenchi!"

Yup, just another average day.

Except for the invisible spaceship that was watching them from above, 
that is.

"Yes, soon everything will be ready. Just a few more days," a sinister 
voice cackled.

Author's Notes: So, whaddya think? Are you at the edge of your seat?
Kyinia: What was that!?
What?
Kyinia: That was the worst prologue I've ever read! From now on, you 
don't write ANYTHING without my assistance.
Hey, it wasn't that bad, was it?
Kyinia: Just ask the audience.
Okay! Hey, do you want to know what happens? I'll write faster if I get 
feedback. E-mail me at Carmel3309@aol.com. 
