DISCLAIMER:
	These seem pretty popular, so here goes.  Pioneer and AIC own 
Tenchi & Co., most of the settings, and probably half of Tokyo.  I 
own a computer with Notepad (now Wordpad), so I thought, I'll 
write a fanfic.  Some elements were influenced by various fanfics, 
but nothing was directly lifted.

This story takes place in the OAV universe (I know Nagi is from 
the TV series, but if u read episode 1, then that is all cleared 
up.)

Tenchi Muyo!:  No Need for Siblings!  Episode 2:  Tsunami, Part 1
by
~Brain~Wav~


-------------

	Until 1 week ago, the early parts of my life were quite 
blurry.  Then after Nagi showed up and my machine blew up, things 
started to come back.  I'm still not sure who this "Tokemi" is and 
what she has to do with me and Tsunami, but I do know one thing 
for sure, I have a sister.

-------------
Earth, 1 Week after episode 1

	"Breakfast's ready!"  Sasami's voice rang out from the 
kitchen.  It was a surprisingly quiet morning, Ayeka and Ryoko 
weren't fighting for once.  Then came the explosion.  "Aww, I knew 
it was too good to be true!"  Sasami said to no one in particular, 
then she fainted.

-At the shrine-
	"Been preacticing, huh sis?"  Ryoko yelled out at Nagi as she 
dodged her whip.

	"I took a few pointers from the best,"  Nagi replied as she 
teleported behind Ryoko to grab her arms.  

	Ryoko saw it coming an phased away as Nagi appeared.
	"Apparently, you didn't pay good enough attention!"  she 
yelled and formed a lightsword.  She swung the sword and brought 
it within centimeters of Nagi's throat.

	At this time, Tenchi was acending the stairs, "Ryoko, Nagi, 
Sasami said brekfast's ready."  he looked at them then continued, 
"You know, you can take a break from training now and then, its 
not like someone os getting ready to attack, or anything!"  Tenchi 
sighed as he felt a set of arms latch on to him.

	"What ever you say, Tenchi,"  Ryoko said, and Nagi just 
sighed and followed them.

-In Washu's lab-
	"Tokemi, release Ryoko and Nagi this instant."  Washu cried 
out while she stood battle ready, lightsword in hand, in a battle 
outfit similar to Ryoko's, only with yellow instead of red.

	"And Tenchi, as well, if you please."  Tsunami said, also in 
battle garb, Light Hawk sword at the ready.

	"Ha, what could you two ever do, you couldn't stop me before, 
why should I believe otherwise now?"  Tokemi laughed at the 
requests of the two women. She fired a blast which hit Washu and 
Tsunami head on.

	"Ahhh, wha?"  Washu woke up in a cold sweat.  "Just... just a 
dream.  What time is it?"  She looed at her atomic clock, it read 
0700, "Sasami must have breakfast ready.  I guess I'll have to 
talk to her afterward."  Washu stood and walked for the door.

-In the kitchen-
	"Sasami, what happened?"  Ayeka asked as Sasami woke up.

	"I... I don't know, I called everyone for breakfast and I 
just fainted.  I had a dream about that lady from the dream I had 
before Dr. Clay attacked.  It was weird, I saw myself as Tsunami 
and Washu was there, the lady had Tenchi, Ryoko, and Nagi 
captured.  I was so scared, Ayeka!"

	"It's OK now, Sasami, it was just a dream."  Ayeka comforted 
her sister.

	"Yeah, just a dream."  Sasami repeated as she stood up to 
take breakfast to the table.  Just then, Washu walked in.
	"Washu!  You're up early."  Sasami piped up.

	"Yeah, I guess I am.  Sasami, could you meet me in the lab 
after brekfast, I need your help with something."  Washu asked, 
taking her seat.

	"Sure!  I wanted to ask you something anyway."

	Everyone else came in, and took their seats:

Diagram of seats:


		Nagi    Washu    Ryoko   Tenchi   Ayeka
	  ---------------------------------------------
	  |                                           |
Noboyuki|                                           |Katsuhito 
(Yosho)
        |                                           |
        ---------------------------------------------
		Mihoshi   Ken-Ohki   Ryo-Ohki    Sasami


	Ryoko stopped eating, "Tennnchiii, how about after breakfast 
we..."

	She was cut off by Ayeka, "You will not do anything with Lord 
Tenchi, monster woman!"

	"Oh, yeah, Princess?"  she said as she stood up.

	"Oooo!"  Ayeka summonded her logs and Ryoko powered up. 

	"Stop it, you two!"  Nagi cried out and stepped between them.  
"Why do you two always do this?  Can't we just eat in peace?"

	"If you can keep your sister from trying to seduce Lord 
Tenchi, this wouldn't happen!"  Ayeka yelled.

	"She couldn't if she tried!"  Ryoko yelled at Ayeka, Nagi 
reeled a bit from this.

	Washu spoke up, "I have to agree with Nagi, you two do fight 
too much, if you want to fight, at least take it outside.  If you 
don't, I'll close off the onsen from you too, and you'll have to 
use the normal bathroom."  This stopped the two girls, who quietly 
took their seats again, and breakfast was quiet, for once.

-Later in the lab-
	"Washu, where are you?"  Sasami called out.  "Mmmph!"  Sasami 
yelled as Washu lept behind her with an alcohol soaked rag.  
Sasami was out cold.

	"Sorry, Sasami, but I need to speak with Tsunami."  she said 
to the sleeping princess as she propped her against a wall.  
"Tsunami, come out now!"  Washu yelled.  Tsunami appeared.

	"Washu-chan, why did you do that?"  Tsunami asked.

	"Weren't you listening, I need to talk to you."

	"Well, I don't agree with the methods, but I'm here, so 
talk."

	"Thank you, *sister*"
	
	"Wha.. What do you mean?"  Tsunami said, quite shocked.
