No Need For An Ominous Presence
Chapter Seven: No Need for Shrill Screams and Shattered Dreams
ALL of the characters depicted herein are property of AIC/Pioneer

Written by Misanthrope

Dusk, a setting sun and roaring flames color a familiar
yet faraway sky with brilliant and heavenly hues.
Screams coming from every direction corrupt the
heavenly scene, twisting it into a tragically beautiful
and surreal nightmare.  As the unwilling spectator is
forced to bare witness to these nauseating and
emotionally devastating specters of the past, she
forces herself to look away from the heavens and
casts her eyes upon the horizon where the plumes
of smoke signal an unimaginable disaster that rages
on unabated, a disaster that she is far more familiar
with than she would ever want to admit.  Pillar after
pillar of dark smoke signals the demise of scores
of Jurai space trees, their thick twisted branches
burnt black, their foliage long dissipated to ash.
The thick fragrance of burnt sweet smelling wood
does little to mask the horrifying and oppressive
smell of burning flesh as screams continue to fill
the air unabated.  Filled with trepidation and her
entire being consumed with the stifling urge to
flee and never look back, a malevolent force
prevents her from taking any action but to lower
her head and continue to survey the atrocities
raging on below.  As the horrified spectator
lowers her head, her eyes force open wide, the events
transpiring below are an overwhelming blur.  An
explosion, bodies tossed into the air like limp dolls.
A body flailing wildly, the noticeable lack of one
arm, the body is consumed in flames.  Screams
of unimaginable horror escape the lips of the doomed
victim.  The unwilling spectator's soul grows sicker,
she feels that a part of herself has died in witnessing
this scene yet again.  Floating above it all, above the
blackened and broken bodies littering the hollowed
grounds of the besieged kingdom of Jurai, floating
amongst the pillars of smoke escaping the raging
flames that consume every Jurai space tree
as far as the eye can see, a goddess, a goddess of
vengeance continues her flurry of senseless and
unchecked destruction.  Upon her face is not the
expression of a vengeful and vindictive demon, not
the callous and jaded expression of a mercenary, not
the insidious and methodical discerning gaze of a well
trained assassin, upon the face of the goddess of death
is a forced smile.  The goddess's eyes are wide and
tremulous, dilated pupils amplify their frightening and
disturbing appearance.  The face of this goddess is
not the face of a cold-blooded killer, the unwilling
spectator knows this all too well, this twisted, disturbing
and tenuous visage of feigned revelry is the expression of a
tormented soul with no self control, it is the visage
of a horrified and sentient wind up doll with no
control over it's own atrocious actions.  The
unwilling spectator knows this all too well, that
goddess of death, is herself.  Unable to tolerate this
overwhelming and unbearable assault upon her
senses and her spirit, the horrified spectator
convulses in emotional agony.  From out of
nowhere and blocking her view of the unbearable
sequence of events unfolding below her, the countenance
of the vainglorious Kagato appears and regards Ryoko
triumphantly. "Don't you see how glorious it all was
Ryoko? The power and the dominance? Kagato
asked in a smooth sinister tone that causes tremors
of fear to travel up and down Ryoko's spine.
Kagato regarded Ryoko's horrified expression
with an amused smirk beforce continuing his
psychological assault on the overwrought demon.
"It will be this way again Ryoko, the pieces have all
fallen into place." Kagato continued calmly as he
shifted to the side, allowing Ryoko a view of the
specters of the past that continued to go through the
motions of events that had long since passed.  Ryoko
squeezed her eyelids shut and jerked her head away
from the disturbing scene as Kagato regarded her
with amusement.  "This time your weak spirit will not
jeopardize my efforts Ryoko"  Kagato sneered menacingly
as he bore down on Ryoko with a cold gaze. "With all this
power at our bidding,
seven-hundred years ago, you allowed Yosho to take it
from us."  Kagato spat in disgust. "But now, your
soul belongs to me, your very being is my own to
control, no more mistakes are yours to make, you
BELONG to me." Kagato stressed emphatically without
sacrificing his aloof and sinister demeanor.  "It will be glorious
Ryoko!!  Just like old times!!!"  Kagato howled as he slipped into
boisterous fits of laughter.

Ryoko awoke violently, prone on the forest floor next
to a puddle of her own vomit and Ayeka's discarded
undergarments.  Drenched in cold sweat, nauseatingly
dehydrated and her body too taxed to even so much as
muster the strength to pull herself off the freezing ground,
Ryoko clawed her way to the shore of the lake and began
to take huge gulps of the murky water.

At that moment in the tranquil seclusion of the floating
onsen a giddy and somewhat tipsy swimsuit clad
Ayeka continued to entertain Tenchi with the assistance
of one of Ryoko's expensive bottles of sake.  Tenchi
sat staring into Ayeka's noticeably blushing face
as she prompted him to take yet another swallow
of sake.  Tenchi could feel the warmth of his own
blushing face as his body continued to yield to the
effects of the several gulps of sake he had already
allowed himself.  "I really shouldn't Ayeka, I've
had so much already, and I don't want to wake up
sick tomorrow."  Ayeka sighed dreamily and took
another swallow herself and slid closer to Tenchi
in the warm water, wrapping her free arm around
his shoulder as she held the bottle of sake in front
of Tenchi's face with the other.  "Tenchi, please,
you've earned the right to have a little fun, I insist
that you take at least a few more drinks."  Tenchi
sighed with resignation and took the bottle from
Ayeka and brought it to his lips.  Ayeka placed a reassuring
hand on Tenchi's knee and watched with satisfaction
as he took a healthy swig of the expensive wine.  Tenchi
took the bottle away from his lips and a contented sigh
escaped from his mouth as he turned to regard a
smiling Ayeka.  Tenchi couldn't help but notice
how the sake seemed to taste better with every
swallow and he was still of sound enough
judgment to realize that this meant he was definitely
drunk.  "Satisfied?" Tenchi asked with a shrewd grin.
Ayeka giggled triumphantly in response to the clear
breech in Tenchi's inhibited nature that the sake was
beginning to afford her.  "We should really return
to the house, you know that I have to wake up early
for training with grandfather."  Tenchi sighed.
The intrusion of reality stole the glee from Ayeka's
face and she slumped back slightly in the water.  "I'm
sorry Ayeka, I didn't mean to. . ." Tenchi began before
being caught off guard as Ayeka wrapped him in a
smothering embrace, the disturbance sloshing water
onto the embankment. "Ayeka. . ." Tenchi began hesitantly.
"You needn't apologize Tenchi, I understand all to
well the self discipline that one must exercise to uphold one's
responsibilities.  Tenchi sat dumbly for a moment,
fighting through the haze of his drunken state
and trying to suppress his shock in response to
Ayeka's uncharacteristic fervent embrace before
realizing what she meant.  Tenchi nodded dumbly and
returned Ayeka's embrace, "I'm sure you know far
more about responsibility than I ever will."  Tenchi
conceded.  Ayeka just embraced Tenchi even tighter.
Tenchi and Ayeka's shared embrace lasted a few
moments before Ayeka relinquished her grip on
Tenchi and smiled at him fondly.  "Let us return
to the house Tenchi so that you may get some sleep."
Ayeka said with a warm and understanding smile.  With
that, Tenchi climbed from the water and reached down
to help Ayeka to her feet.

Meanwhile, a dread fraught Mihoshi timidly made her
way through the darkness toward the front door of the
Masaki household.  Frigid winds caused Mihoshi to cringe
somewhat as she quickened her pace up to the front door
at which time a shifting shadow caused Mihoshi
to nearly jump out of her skin and yelp in fear.
"S-s-s-tay. . .b-b-back, I'm a. . .a. . ."  Mihoshi stammered
fretfully before a throaty female voice interjected.  "You're
a flake is what you are, what are you doing out here so
late anyway?"
"Oh my. . .is that you Ryoko?"  Mihoshi asked in a
shaky and timid voice.  "Yeah, so?" Ryoko responded
flatly.  Mihoshi's body seemed to tremor somewhat
as she attempted to correct her posture in a vain attempt
to assume a self-confident appearance.  "Ryoko. . ."
Mihoshi began in an uneasy voice.  "What is it
already?" Ryoko retorted impatiently.  "You're
under arrest, it's my sworn duty as a Galaxy
Police officer to assume the duty of taking you into
custody and bringing you to Galaxy Police
Headquarters." Mihoshi stated with as much
pride as she could muster as her entire body
continued to tremor nervously.  Ryoko simply stared
at the hapless Mihoshi with an unimpressed look
etched upon her face.  "Well, that explains what
you're doing wandering around out here in the cold
with no coat at this time of night," Ryoko began in
a matter-of-fact tone, "you've lost your mind."
Mihoshi's tremors quickly escalated to quakes as
she began to sob uncontrollably.  "It's not my fault!!"
Mihoshi began hysterically.  "Ms. Ayeka said it's my
duty as a Galaxy Police officer to follow her orders
and have you arrested!"  Mihoshi pleaded in her defense
as she sobbed.  "Plea- please don- don't hur-hurt me
Ryoko!"  Mihoshi stammered desperately.  In response,
Ryoko cocked her right eyebrow up curiously and
regarded Mihoshi with one of her mischievous, wicked
and unpredictable grins.  Mihoshi began to blubber
uncontrollably and took a step back as she regarded
the unpredictable pirate with terror.  "Well that explains
everything!" Ryoko laughed gleefully as she reached
out and slapped Mihoshi hard on the shoulder.  Mihoshi
recoiled in horror and continued to sob, "I'm soooo
sorry Ryoko. . . please, Ayeka made me, I had no choice,
I don't want to be fired, I like being a Galaxy Police Officer
and I don't want you to be arrested and. . ."  Mihoshi
continued to ramble on frantically before Ryoko
interjected angrily with a throaty yell, "Would you
knock it off already!?  If you keep on like that you're
liable to make yourself sick, just what the hell is
wrong with you tonight, you're acting delusional, did
you miss dinner or something?"  Ryoko asked quizzically.
"You mean, you mean. . .you're not mad at me Ryoko?"
Mihoshi stammered in disbelief.  "Nah, I shouldn't have
expected any less from that little witch I 'spose."  Ryoko
mused.  "Ohhhhh. . ." Mihoshi moaned apprehensively.
"How many times have I told you not to pay any attention
to anything that silly cow says anyway, huh Mihoshi?"
Ryoko asked in agitation.  "But Ayeka said that if I didn't. . ."
Mihoshi began guiltily.  "Yeah, yeah, yeah, you told me
what she said, forget about that, she just said all that junk
to scare you, she's too much of a coward to do anything."
Ryoko retorted nonchalantly.  "Now, you still haven't told
me what the hell it is you think you're doing wandering
around in the cold, in the middle of the night.  "I. . .uh. . .
well. . .ummmm. . .I just felt like going for a walk."
Mihoshi responded in an unconvincing and timid manner.
"Uh huh, whatever, listen, I'm starved, did Sasami leave
me any food or what?"  "Oh yes!"  Mihoshi exclaimed
with eager excitement, relieved that she was no longer
the subject of Ryoko's scrutiny. "I was still hungry after
dinner and Sasami wouldn't let me eat anymore, she
wouldn't even let me finish Ayeka's leftovers because
she said you needed a lot of food to get your strength
back after you woke up.  "Well, she's right about that.
Alright, come on, I 'spose I can share some of the
leftovers with you."  Ryoko said with resignation.
"Oh thank you Ms. Ryoko!"  Mihoshi chimed
enthusiastically.  "Hey, don't get the wrong idea here,
the only reason I'm sharing is because if this is how
you act when you're hungry, I'd much rather deal
with you on a full stomach."  Ryoko retorted.  "Ohhhhhh. . .
" Mihoshi moaned in a perplexed tone.  "After you officer."
Ryoko snapped sardonically as she gestured towards the door.

Mihoshi pushed open the front door to the Masaki household
and treaded inside cautiously, hoping that Ayeka wouldn't
catch her fraternizing with Ryoko after everything that
she had said that evening.  Mihoshi was taking another
cautious step forward into the living room when a shove
from behind caused her to stumble forward wildly.
"Would you hurry up already you act like you're
wandering into the den of a lion, what's gotten into
you tonight?!"  Ryoko snapped angrily.  Mihoshi
corrected her balance and peered back at Ryoko
sheepishly.  "Ryoko?  Is that you?" A bewildered
male voice called from the other side of the back of
the couch.  "Well, I don't know any other space
pirates living around this place so it must be me."
Noboyuki's head popped up over the top of the back
of the couch, the conspicuous presence of an icepack
atop his head quickly grabbing both Ryoko's and
Mihoshi's attention.  "What happened to you?"
Ryoko asked quizzically as she cocked an eyebrow
curiously.  "Ohhhhhh. . .honorable father. . ."
Mihoshi trailed off with concern.  "I should ask
The same thing of you Ryoko, you look horrible."
Noboyuki replied as he scrutinized Ryoko with
Befuddlement.  "What are you talking about?"
Ryoko asked quizzically.  Mihoshi turned to
To regard Ryoko and emitted one of her characteristic
moans of concern.  Having initially come across
Ryoko outside in the dark, she hadn't been able
to clearly see the disheveled state Ryoko was in.
"What is it with you two, huh?  What are you
both staring at.  Ryoko looked down at her kimono
to see that it was now nothing more than tattered
rags.  "Huh, you know, it's funny, I hadn't even
noticed that draft until just now." Ryoko said
glibly as she shot a shrewd smile at both Mihoshi
and Noboyuki.  "Well, I suppose I should probably
do something about this, but first thing is first,
now let's eat!"  Ryoko exclaimed eagerly.  "But
Ryoko, you haven't explained this hole in my
floor, and my ceiling and. . ." Noboyuki began
indignantly.  "Don't be such a killjoy!"  Ryoko
retorted as she walked passed Mihoshi and made
her way to the kitchen.  "Ummm. . .sorry about
your head honorable father, I hope you feel better."
Mihoshi said sheepishly before trotting after
Ryoko into the kitchen.  "Huh?"  Noboyuki
responded in bewilderment as he continued to
stare over the back of the couch.  Noboyuki
sat for a few moments with a blank look on
his face before slipping into fits of joyous
laughter, "Those crazy girls sure make me
feel young again!  My Tenchi sure is a lucky
boy to have so many beautiful and lively
women living with him under the same roof!"
Noboyuki exclaimed triumphantly.  Suddenly
Noboyuki's laughter ceased abruptly and his
face screwed up in confusion.  "Ohhh, if only
I was just a few years younger!"  Noboyuki
wailed in self-pity as he slumped back into
the couch and began to ball like a baby.

Wringing her hands in eager anticipation, Ryoko
marched into the dining area determinedly with a timid
Mihoshi in tow.  In the middle of the table was note in
Sasami's handwriting with Ryoko's name at the top
and dotted with heart shaped doodles.  Ryoko snatched
the note off the table and quickly scanned it over as
Mihoshi peered curiously over her shoulder.  In the
note, Sasami stated simply that she hoped Ryoko was
feeling better and that dinner was being kept warm in
the oven if she got hungry.  Ryoko crumpled the note
and tossed it into a nearby waste basket and made her
way into the kitchen to retrieve dinner.  In the kitchen,
Mihoshi found that a fresh pot of rice had been prepared
for Ryoko, which she carried to the table as Ryoko
retrieved an unopened bottle of sake from the cabinet.
With a fresh bottle of sake in hand, Ryoko slid her free
hand into a pot holder that was resting on top of the
stove and retrieved the warm tempura fried seafood
and veggies from the oven.  Ryoko marched swiftly
into the dining area with her dinner and kneeled across
the table from Mihoshi with the tempura and sake.
Ryoko placed the tempura and sake on the table with
care and was preparing to remove the top from the bottle
of sake when Mihoshi glanced pleasantly over Ryoko's
shoulder and a startling voice startled her from her task.
"Hot leftovers, huh?" an exuberant voice chimed, "How
did you know?  I'm starving!"  Little Washu exclaimed
enthusiastically as she kneeled down next to Ryoko at
the table and grabbed a pair of chopsticks.  Ryoko regarded
Washu with a dumbfounded stare, amazed that the diminutive
scientist was even conscious after the tremendous blast of
energy she must have received from the gem.  Ryoko hadn't been
conscious when Washu sustained the blast, but it hadn't taken
her long to figure out what had happened when she awoke
to find Washu passed out on the floor next to the med-table.
Ryoko continued to scrutinize Washu apprehensively in an
Attempt to figure out just what the miniature mad professor
thought she was up to, but Washu simply stuffed her face
with rice as she regarded Ryoko with a childish gleam in
her eye.  Washu continued to hold the nervous pirate captive
with an unyielding glare and a shrewd childish grin as she
continued to hungrily gulp rice. " mmmf. . .zis rish ish really
good, I shought it would be cold by now!"  Washu mumbled
as she chowed down on the rice hungrily.  "gulp. . .so Ryoko,
is my little girl's schedule so busy that she can't even take
a moment to spend some time with her mother instead of
rushing off in a huff without so much as a goodbye, hmmm?"
Washu asked with mock sincerity.  "Oh why don't you shut
that mouth of yours or stuff some rice in it, what's it to you
anyway?"  Ryoko asked in irritation as she stuffed her face
with tempura fried prawn. "And. . .ulp. . .since when. . .chomp. . .
smack. . .swallow. . . since  when are you interested in
mother/daughter  bonding you nosy dwarf?"  Ryoko retorted
with a mouthful of prawn.  "Awwww. . .come on Ryoko, don't
be that way, even greatest scientific genius in the entire universe
has time for her little girl!"  Washu exclaimed with a childish
grin.  "WOULD YOU STOP CALLING ME THAT!?" Ryoko
exploded indignantly.  "Hey! You watch your tone young
lady, that's no way to address your elder."  Washu responded
without the slightest falter in her pleasant and low key demeanor."
Ryoko's eyebrow twitched wildly as her brow furrowed in rage
and her face grew a deep angry crimson as Wahsu continued to
regard her with a cocky grin.  The hapless Mihoshi sat across
from the unpredictable pair chomping on a mouthful of rice
nervously as she regarded the tense exchange.  Rage seemed
to bubble visibly beneath Ryoko rage twisted visage as she
stared daggers into the gleefully confident red headed
scientist.  Mihoshi visibly recoiled in fear as Ryoko had
apparently reached the point of eruption, and just as
Mihoshi was sure Ryoko would strike, the impetuous
pirate let out a growl of resignation and popped the top
off of her bottle of sake, poured it into a cup and swilled
it in a flurry of movement that would have made a
seasoned bartender jealous.  Washu reached out in
satisfaction to grab the bottle and poured herself a
cup and continued with her meal.  An apprehensive
Mihoshi regarded the pair quizzically and promptly
redirected her attention to her rice bowl in fear
of possibly aggravating the already unstable situation.
After moments of uneasy silence pierced only by the
clatter of chopsticks an alarmed voice sprang from the
entry to the dining area.  "Ryoko!?  Sasami gasped.
"Huh?" Ryoko shot a puzzled glance at the visibly
shaken younger princess of Jurai.  "Ryoko, what
happened, you look awful, were you hurt!?"
Sasami asked with alarm, referring to Ryoko's
Tattered garment and disheveled appearance.
"Huh?" Ryoko repeated in confusion through
a mouthful of rice as she regarded the younger
princess of Jurai curiously.  The diminutive
scientist seated aside the puzzled pirate released
an exasperated groan and shot her an angry glare.
"She's referring to the sad and pitiful state you're in
you thickheaded mule!"  Washu exclaimed scornfully
while waggling a finger in Ryoko's face.  "Oh excuse
me Ms. Knowitall!" Ryoko retorted sardonically.
"Now get that finger out of my face before I remove it
from your hand!!"  Ryoko growled menacingly.  "I warned
you about taking that tone with me." Washu admonished as
she shook her head in disappointment.  "WHY YOU LITTLE. . ."
Ryoko growled as she grabbed the diminutive scientist by the
shoulder and began to shake her violently.  "That's no way
to treat your mother young lady, shame on you."  Washu
scolded from behind Sasami as she placed a reassuring hand
on the shoulder of the dismayed young princess.  Sasami turned
her head to the side in surprise to regard a calm and confident
Washu.  Simultaneously, Ryoko jerked her head up in shock
To regard Washu, who stood across the room behind the
younger princess of Jurai.  "How the. . ." Ryoko stammered
in shock.  By the time Ryoko looked back down to regard
the beady eyed Washu doll staring back up at her it was
already too late.  A giant dunce cap materialized from
pseudo space to entrap the enraged pirate.  Sasami
emitted a sigh of relief in response to the tumultuous
scene and smiled warmly at Washu.  "After all the weird
stuff that's been going on around this place today I got
real worried when I saw Ryoko still looking all beat
up like that, but I can see everything is back to normal
around here Sasami giggled.  "Right as rain!"  Little
Washu chimed vivaciously as she tussled the hair of
the young princess.  "Oh dear. . ." Mihoshi moaned
sheepishly as the sounds of muffled threats and pounding
escaped from inside the giant dunce cap.  "I'll let you
outta there little Ryoko, but you have to promise to
behave!"  Washu chimed with a shrew grin.  "Fine,
just let me out, I can't breathe under here!!" Came
a muffled voice from beneath the dunce cap.  "One
more condition!"  Washu continued in a cocky tone."
"Don't push it you red headed runt!!"  Came the muffled
voice again.  Ignoring the threat, Washu continued with
her demand.  "You have to call me momma!!"  Washu
beamed enthusiastically.  "NO, I'd rather suffocate" Came
the implacable pirate shot back.  "Fine with me."  Washu
retorted nonchalantly.  The next few moments were
accompanied with an uneasy silence hung in the air
with the exception of Mihoshi's smacking as the trio
regarded the giant dunce cap with anticipation.  Finally
a muffled voice erupted from beneath the dunce cap.
"What the hell kind of mother would threaten her own
daughter with suffocation to satisfy her already over-
inflated ego!?!"  Ryoko yelled accusingly.  "Are you
admitting that you're my little girl!?"  Washu chimed
in excitement.  "THAT WAS A HYPOTHETICAL
QUESTION!"  Ryoko retorted.  "Do you even know
what a hypothesis IS?" asked skeptically  "LET ME
OUT OF HERE YOU PINTSIZED PSYCHO SCIENTIST!"
Came the unyielding protest.  "Uh uh, no way, call me
momma!" Washu retorted with a shrewd grin.  A few
more moments of silence accompanied with audible
gasping and the clatter of Mihoshi's chopsticks as
she made short work of her third bowel of rice and
a muffled yet audible grudging plea of resignation
in the form of a deep growl escaped the confines of the
dunce cap.  "Let me outta here. . .MOM!"  Ryoko
growled angrily.  "Sure!"  Washu replied enthusiastically
as her transparent keyboard materialized from pseudo-space.
Washu causally punched a key and the dunce cap disappeared
Revealing a red-faced hyperventilating Ryoko and a beady-eyed
Washu doll.  "Now that wasn't so hard was it?"  Washu
exclaimed in a high pitched cocky voice.  Ryoko grumbled
under her breath and returned her attention to her sake.  Sasami
breathed another sigh of relief and strolled over to Ryoko to
wrap her in an enthusiastic and pint sized embrace.  "I'm sure
glad to see you all better Ryoko!"  Sasami exclaimed happily.
"Oh. . .yeah, must have been that secret tempura recipe of
yours."  Ryoko replied slyly.  Sasami giggled happily and
made her way towards the stairs.  Ryoko helped herself
to a second bowel of rice and began to eat hungrily.  "That's
some appetite my little girl has!"  Washu beamed proudly.
"Yeah, it must have been all the energy my body spent
coping with oxygen depravation." Ryoko replied wryly.
"That's my girl!"  Washu said happily as she kneeled
down next to her daughter once more and returned her
attention to her dinner.

Moments later, Sasami returned from her brief trip
upstairs with a long flowing white garment bunched
up in her small arms.  Sasami walked up behind Ryoko
as she was stuffing her face with tempura fried prawns
and veggies.  "Ryoko, I brought this down for you to
change into when you're all finished eating."  Sasami
said happily.  "Huh, wuzzat?"  Ryoko asked turning around
as she gulped a mouthful of food.  "Oh, thanks Sasami,
just hang it up by the door." Ryoko replied appreciatively.
"Sure!"  Sasami replied accommodatingly as she made
her way out of the dining area.  Ryoko scarfed the remnants
of tempura fried veggies and seafood from her plate and
brought her rice bowl to her mouth scooping up the last
bits with her chop sticks and engulfing it with a satisfied
grunt.  Ryoko, who's face was already flushed red from the
effects of the sake  lifted the bottle off of the table and
held it up above her head, presenting it to her dining partners.
"And if no one wants anymore of this, I'll be on my way!"
Ryoko asserted gruffly.  Washu simply continued to eat
with a look of content spread across her face and Mihoshi
slowly shook her head as she regarded the unpredictable
pirate timidly.  "Have it your way ya wimps, that just
means more for me!"  Ryoko said triumphantly with a
throaty laugh as she hopped up from her space at the
table and made her way towards the front door.  As Ryoko
was about to make her way out the front door a voice
pleasant voice from behind caught her attention.  "Ryoko,
don't forget the extra kimono I laid out for you!" Sasami
exhorted sternly.  Ryoko turned to regard Sasami, who was
pointing above Ryoko's head, and then back around to see
a white kimono hanging from a rack. "Oh, right, thanks Sasami."
Ryoko replied dumbly as she lifted the Kimono off of its peg
and made her way out the door.

Ryoko shuddered not but a few steps from the door as a
cold wind blew through and rustled her tattered kimono.
"Uh, this planet get so COLD three months out of every
year, can't it take a break for one season?"  Ryoko asked
in irritation to no one in particular.  "Not that you would
have any appreciation for such things Ryoko, but the
climate of this planet is just one of many intricate mechanisms
that is responsible for keeping it in balance, keeping it
healthy." Kagato mused languidly.  Ryoko simply snarled
under her breath without breaking stride.  "Enjoy your
dinner Ryoko?  You WILL need your strength, I need
you healthy."  Kagato said smoothly.  "You won't have
me at all you megalomaniac!!"  Ryoko snarled in her
mind.  Kagato simply chuckled.  "You must understand
that your health is important to me Ryoko.  Kagato
said emphatically.  Ryoko simply shuddered, wishing
the cold and detached voice would just stop.  "You see
Ryoko, things like pain, unhappiness, and the cold you
experience here on this planet, although unpleasant,
are what inspire us to ascend to new heights."  What
are babbling about you crazed fool?"  Ryoko snapped
in agitation.  "It is the intellectual being's constant struggle
against the elements that inspires it to challenge and
master those elements!  This is the motivation behind
man kinds constant quest for dominance over his
fellow man and his environment alike Ryoko!"  Kagato
mused passionately.  Ryoko simply strolled silently toward
the onsen, a dark look etched upon her face.  "We all
seek control in our own lives Ryoko, it's perfectly
natural, it's what fuels our will to survive."  Kagato
stated emphatically.  The brooding silence within
Ryoko's mind was suddenly broken as she finally
responded to Kagato's speech.  "Ironic."  Ryoko
mused.  "'Control' is something that I am not at
all familiar with" Ryoko stated flatly.  Kagato simply
laughed derisively and fell silent.

Ryoko breathed a sigh of relief in response to the respite
from Kagato's intrusive address, although it was an
apprehensive sigh in light of Kagato's unpredictable
posture.  As Ryoko neared the onsen, she took a deep
gulp of the cold night air, admitting to herself that
despite the cold, the air had a crisp freshness to it and
the surrounding atmosphere filled with tiny fluttering
snowflakes a surreal quality.  In the middle of a sigh
of contentment, Ryoko suddenly froze, her body
seemingly stopped in time as her eyes locked fervently
onto something nearby.  In the distance, outside the
onsen, Ryoko stared in agonizing horror as Tenchi
and Ayeka locked each other in a tight embrace, in
the throes of deep and passionate kiss.  Ryoko could
hardly believe her eyes as her visage twisted into one of both rage
and horror as her arms dropped to her sides weakly.
The sake bottle slid from her weakening grip to the
ground and  the kimono that  had been wrapped around
her other arm slid to the ground as well.  Ryoko's brow
furrowed in response to the intense and near unbearable
terror as she remained transfixed on the lover's embrace
shared by Tenchi and Ayeka.  Ayeka's rapture was apparent
as she threw her head back in response to Tenchi's probing
lips as he drew his attention to Ayeka's exposed neck.  Every
moment Ryoko stood paralyzed in horror, forcing herself to
watch the unthinkable and the unbearable unfold before her very
eyes, was far worse than the stuff of the very worst nightmares.
Ryoko's arms locked  straight and her fists balled up at her
sides as the  "fight or flight" reflex took hold.  Ryoko's arms
and body began to shake violently and her eyelids drew tight,
though not in time to stifle the streams of tears that ran down
her face.  Ryoko began to choke as she tried in vain to force
back sobs that erupted from the depths of her body.  Nauseated
and grief stricken, Ryoko began to convulse uncontrollably as a
torrent of tears escaped her eyes which were now once more
open and fixated on Tenchi and Ayeka as they continued to
grope each other.  Suddenly, all at once, the tension, the fear,
the disgust the hatred, and every other emotion storming
within the core of Ryoko's very being took hold of her, and
Ryoko went limp.  Ryoko's previously taut muscles all relaxed
languidly and Ryoko's arms dangled ineffectually at her sides.
as she slumped weakly to her knees.  The tears streaming
down Ryoko's expressionless features betrayed vacant
appearance of her eyes as she pulled herself in a
secluded spot behind a tree, buried her face in her hands,
and wept silently.
In the dining area at the Masaki household, Sasami knelt
in front of the table with a wide grin on her face as she
gazed at the illustrations and read the captions in her
newest shoujo-manga.  Across the table from Sasami,
Mihoshi hummed insouciantly as she knelt with her elbow
propped up on the tables surface and her chin resting in her
palm as she gazed at one of Sasami's earlier issues.  A few
moments passed with nary a sound save Sasami's periodic
giggling and Mihoshi's yawning when a shrill whistle began
to escape from the confines of the kitchen.  Sasami hopped
up from her spot at the table and bounced enthusiastically
into the kitchen to tend to the boiling tea water..  As Sasami
prepared tea she reflected on tumultuous events that had
transpired that day with a profound sense of relief.  Even
after all the trouble Ryoko had allegedly gotten herself into
that day she seemed every bit her typical crass and unpredictable
self.  Sasami breathed a sigh of satisfaction as she brewed
the tea and finished preparing three separate tea trays, two
with a single cup and one with two.  Sasami recruited Mihoshi
to carry one tray out to the still ailing Noboyuki she herself
prepared to take the other to the Shinto shrine.  Mihoshi
strode into the living room clumsily and made her way
to the couch where Noboyuki lay groaning with an icepack
on his head.  "Oh hi there pretty young lady!" Noboyuki
greeted in as beguiling a manner as he could muster as
Mihoshi startled him brooding trance of self-pity.  "Let
me guess, you've come to comfort me in my time of need,
the tender touch of the hands of a pretty young lady like
yourself is just the thing I need to soothe this aching
head of mine!"  Noboyuki said hopefully as he stared
up at Mihoshi with a lecherous grin.  "Ummmm. . .
well honorable father. . .I uh, I brought you tea."
Mihoshi stammered sheepishly as the set the tray
down on a table across from the couch.  "Oh, alright
then, thank you very much for your kindness Mihoshi."
Noboyuki sighed in defeat as he slumped back into
the cushions of the couch and continued to moan
in self pity.  Moments later, Sasami was carefully
scaling the steps leading up to the Shinto shrine
when she began to smell the thick sharp scent
of burning wood.  Sasami came to a stop on the
stairs and screwed up her face in confusion as
she sniffed at the air.  Perplexed and alarmed Sasami
renewed her ascent up the stairs at quickened pace as
she took care not to spill the tea.  When Sasami reached
the top of the stairs, an unexpected yet pleasant and
relieving site greeted her.  Washu and Katsuhito both
turned to regard Sasami pleasantly as she stood at the
top of the stairs observing the unlikely pair curiously.
"What are the two of you doing out here?"  Sasami
asked perplexed.  Just enjoying this pleasant evening
Sasami, few evening are as peaceful as those that
proceed the onset of winter, please, it's cold, come
join us next to the fire." Katsuhito suggested invitingly.
Sasami grinned happily and took a seat in between
Katsuhito and Washu.  "Oh."  Sasami exclaimed in
alarm as she set the tray down next to the fire.  "What's
the problem little one?"  Washu asked enthusiastically
with a wide grin.  "I brought this tea with Grandfather in
mind, I only have one cup." Sasami stated in disappointment.
"Uh oh, well, you know what that means Katsuhito!"  Washu
began playfully, "We're gonna have to fight over it!"  Washu
finished with a gleeful fit of laughter.  "Mmmmmm. . ."
Katsuhito grunted pensively, somehow I feel that it
wouldn't be a fair fight, would it Little Washu?" Katsuhito
stated shrewdly.  "Hey what's the big idea, huh, you callin'
me a cheater!?"  Washu chimed indignantly all in one breath.
"I'm simply not so proud that I'm not smart enough to pick
my battles Little Washu."  Katsuhito stated with profundity.
"Now, Sasami, I have plenty of clean teacups in my office,
please go and retrieve one for myself and one for you.  "But
I brought the cup on the tray for YOU Grandfather." Sasami
giggled, amused with the clash of two intellectual titans all
for the rights to a teacup.  "Hmmmm. . ." Katsuhito grunted
with a nod.  "I do appreciate that Sasami, but I believe Washu
has already staked her claim on that cup, and I don't feel
that an argument over a teacup is worth being transformed
into a water sprite over."  Katsuhito mused with a slight
grin.  "Now waitaminnit, I only do that to disrespectful
adolescents who need to be taught a lesson!"  Washu
retorted indignantly.  "I'm more than willing to play
fair against aeasoned and respectable veteran such as
yourself you know!"  Washu finished with a wide grin.
"All the same," Katsuhito conceded, "you are my guest
and it is my duty as a most gracious host to present the
lady with the teacup."  Katsuhito finished with a slight
bow.   "Well, seems how your gonna put it that way,
I won't argue!"  Washu chimed enthusiastically as she
reached out to retrieve the teacup.  Sasami giggled
happily and bounded off to Katsuhito's office to
retrieve the other two teacups.

When Sasami made her way safely out of earshot,
an ear to ear grin spread across Washu's face
as she regarded Katsuhito.  "Well, I guess if
things erupt around this place we'll have to
keep our eyes on the little urchin, no telling what
trouble she might get herself into!" Washu exclaimed
flippantly.  Katsuhito simply nodded solemnly as he
poked at the fire with a stick.

misanthrope32@hotmail.com











