	Tenchi Muyo is not mine though I wish it
were.  I'm going to be rid of Blaine's Sayian heritage
in this episode and kinda give him a whole new
look.  So with no further wait I present...

	Blaine: Wait!

	Daniel:  Something wrong?

	Blaine: Damn right!  I get a new body?!
Why?

	Daniel: Well I tire of writing about sayians I
know they are hella sweet and all.  I want to give
you better abilities that make you cooler.


	Blaine: Ok.  This isn't going to leave
permanent scars is it?

	Daniel: Nope.  Ohhh shit!  I forgot the
legend!

	Blaine: I'll do it.  {Emotions} (Sounds)
<thoughts> [actions]


	Daniel: Ok. Here is the fic so read it.  See
you at the end. [Teleports away]



	Tenchi Muyo!  Wedding
Day Brawl!!!

	Blaine:  Tsunami...Will you marry me?

	Tsunami:  Oh...Blaine I will!


Blaine gazes into Tsunamis' eyes filled with tears of
joy.  He traces the outline of Tsunamis face with his
finger.  Tsunami tugs him close.  Blaine and
Tsunami melt into a long and heated kiss.  Tsunami
breaks the kiss to ask him something.

	Tsunami:  Shall we tell the others?

	Blaine: I don't see why not.  I'll fly us down
to the patio.


Tsunami is taken into Blaine's hold.  She blushes at
the strong grip of her lover on her.  Blaine notices,
loosens his grasp and put his hands at more neutral
areas.  Blaine slowly flies on to the patio and sets
Tsunami down gently. Blaine lands on the ground
and goes in the house holding Tsunamis hand.
Ayeka and Ryoko are busy flirting with Tenchi.
Tenchi now likes the attention more since the
assimilation.  I guess it wound him down some, at
times he will flirt back to get the girls red.  Yosho is
playing chess with Nobuyuki.  Washu, Mihoshi, and
Kiyone are talking about who knows what.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi likes me more!

	Ayeka:  I digress, Tenchi is in love with me!

	Tenchi: Ladies I like you both!! [Grabs
Ayeka and Ryoko then kisses them on the cheek]


	Ryoko & Ayeka: Ohh...Tenchi! [Turn bright
red]

	Blaine:  Hey!!  Can I have the room's
attention?

	Room:  You finally going marry Tsunami?

	Blaine [face falters]: So much for the surprise!

	Tenchi:  Way to go Blaine!!  I'm happy for
you!

	Ryoko:  If that makes you happy.  Why don't
we get married?

	Ayeka:  To a monster?!  No way!  He would
rather wed a woman with noble heritage. (Giggles)

Ryoko gets angry and starts to fight with Ayeka.

	Tsunami:  You should see the ring Blaine
gave me!

	Women in the room: A ring that soon?!

Ryoko and Ayeka stop the fight instantly and go to
inspect the ring with Washu, Mihoshi, and Kiyone
even Ryo-Ohki checked the ring out too.  The room
filled with all sorts of compliments.  The men of the
room go to speak with Blaine.


	Nobuyuki:  Who did you kill to get that
ring?

	Tenchi: Dad!  Tell me, how did you get such
an expensive looking ring?

	Blaine:  Well I was a mercenary for hire for
while.  Big companies or powerful people would
hire me to do anything they wanted for a certain
price though.  I'm not really proud of that.

	Yosho: That is the past.  Your concern
should be the present and future.

	Blaine: You are very right.

	Washu:  Blaine.  How did you get these
alloys in this ring?  They're extremely rare!

	Blaine:  You can get anything you want in
this planet for a little money.

	Washu:  Oh I see.

	Ayeka:  Tenchi will get me a better ring.

	Blaine: I don't think so, that costed me a
cool million!

	All: WHAT?!!

	Tsunami:  My goodness!  I...I...I don't know
what to say!


	Washu:  I see why.  It's pure gold, the gem is
very rare and high quality, and hand carved to
perfection!  It's nearly a priceless piece of art!

	Blaine: Hah! The price was a deal!  You
should see my bank accounts!

Everyone gets a sweat drop on their foreheads.
Blaine laughs while everyone else is wondering
exactly _how_ rich he is.  Tsunami walks to Blaine
puts her arm around his torso.

	Tsunami:  I have my ring for you.  Want to
see it?

	Blaine: Sure.  I know it'll be great.

Tsunami with her free arm puts it out and her palm
starts to shine blue.  A small white sphere forms an
inch above her palm.  It grows into a ring that looks
tan in color, a pattern of intertwining vines stopping
at a gem, and the gem was the same color as
Blaines' scarlet eyes.  She then takes Blaines' hand
and sticks on his ring finger.  Blaine obviously
loving the ring compliments.

	Blaine {amazed}: It's excellent!  I'm gonna
show off this ring to everyone I know!

After happy wishes and praise were given.
Everyone went to bed.  Some how Tsunami and
Blaine couldn't sleep.  Blaine went to the rec. room
to practice on his guitar playing.  Tsunami made
some tea to help her get back to sleep.  It was too
quiet in the house.  If you could take a moment to
listen, everything could be heard, even Mihoshi's
snoring.  Let's go outside with two hidden figures.
One tall, well built with the same face as Blaine's
except this person had white hair and silver eyes
thus allowing him to see in any darkness.  The other
was somewhat shorter, she had a scar running up
the left side of her face, she looked elegant but she
had hate swelling in her jade eyes.

	Man: Shall I keep my brother busy Xaria?

	Xaria: Yes Nakumo, I shall take the two we
need.

	Nakumo:  As you wish. [Teleports away]

	Xaria:  Now I shall exact my revenge on
your head Blaine, (evil laugh) I'll see you soon.

Mean while in the Masaki house Blaine hears a
glass drop.  He walks in to the kitchen where he
finds Tsunami in Nakumo's possession.

	Blaine:  Nakumo!  How did you find me?!

	Nakumo:  Dear brother is that how you greet
me after not seeing one another for such a long
time?

	Blaine:  Let her go now!  This does not
concern her. [Takes a few steps towards Nakumo]

	Nakumo:  [raises a knife to Tsunami's
throat] It would be a pity if I cut her pretty little
neck, right?

	Blaine:  (Grr)...Why are you here?

	Nakumo:  A job.  I'm here to keep you busy
while Xaria collects the targets.

	Blaine: Who are the targets?  Tell me!

A scream rings throughout the house.  Ayeka comes
running down the stairs.

	Ayeka:  Stay away!  Lord Tenchi, help me!

Xaria walks down the stairs slowly, carrying a
knocked out Ryoko over her shoulder.  Xaria drops
Ryoko to the floor and assumes her fighting stance.

	Xaria:  I don't take warnings from my
targets.  So let me give you a warning, it's futile to
resist me!

A blue blade forms by Xaria's ear.  Tenchi is right
behind her with his battle armor on.

	Tenchi:  You know, I hate it when some
stranger barges in with out my knowing.  You have
ten seconds to get out and never come back.

	Xaria:  So, this is the famous Tenchi
Masaki?  Hmm ...  I must applaud you on getting so
close to me with out my noticing.  Sadly I can't play
with you.  I have work to do so if you don't mind...

Xaria turns around to attack Tenchi.  Tenchi puts up
a good fight but gets hit in the neck with a dart fired
from Xaria's' finger.

	Tenchi: What the... (Collapses on the floor)

	Ayeka:  Tenchi no!

	Xaria:  No need to worry.  He is just
unnconious.  As for you I have to get you to
Gentrat.

Xaria fires red laser rings around Ayeka.  Xaria
throws a sort of small sphere at the floor, it
generates a blinding flash when it sub sided Xaria,
and Nakumo were gone, along with Ayeka and
Ryoko.  Blaine quickly tends to Tenchi.  Tenchi
regains conciousness.

	Tenchi:  Who the heck were they?!

	Blaine: My family.

	Tsunami: What?!  Your family?

	Blaine:  Nakumo is my brother, Xaria is...
My...

	Washu:  Creator.  You are a genetically
altered being.

	Blaine:  Washu!  You knew...  I guess I can't
keep any secrets can I?

	Washu:  Nope.  Why did you keep this a
secret?  I mean Ryoko was created.

	Blaine:  You're partially right.  You used
your egg cells for Ryoko... So that makes you her
mother more than her creator.

	Tenchi: Why are they here?

	Blaine:  A contract job.  That is all I know.

	Tenchi:  We have to go get them!

	Blaine: I know Nakumo and Xaria.  If they
wanted the girls dead then, it would have already
happened.  In the morning we will confront my
family.  They said something about a king Gentrat.
That would mean they came from the dark horse
nebula.  Also they warp directly from employer to
job site if it's a long distance, their engines are
charged.  So, if they use up the energy in their
engines to get here then, the engine would have to
recharge.

	Washu: Ok, so they are stuck here until they
charge back up?

	Blaine: Precisely.  Get rest and I shall see
you in the morning.

Reluctantly everyone went back to bed except for
Blaine.  He made a quiet exit for the woods when it
was safe to go.  On his way out he hears footsteps
from behind.

	Tsunami:  You be careful ok?

	Blaine:  Don't worry I can handle these
goons!

	Tsunami:  I want you to come back alive
and well.

	Blaine:  Have breakfast ready.

Quickly Blaine ran into the dark forest.  Tsunami
watches with great fear that Blaine may never come
back.


**Attention a writers notes!  The rest will be told
from Blaine's view.  Indications of *'s will end or
begin Blaine's view of the story.  Thank you for
the attention and back to the story. **

I sped through the forest thinking about how exactly
what I was going to do.  I took a small break to
catch my breath and to look around for the ship that
Nakumo and Xaria had come in.  There was a rustle
in one of the bushes.  Xaria had came to greet me.

	 Xaria:  Well, you sure are brave.
Fighting me would be pointless, you will lose.

	Blaine:  You know me, I never like to win
easily.

**
Xaria lets down her cloak revealing her chain mail
armor, and her long white hair.  Blaine Draws an
energy blade and got ready to fight.  Xaria started
the fight with a barrage of slashes and jabs at me
one had made its mark on his forearm.  I returned
with a series of thrusts and punches.  Xaria let out a
deafening scream.  It stunned me for a while
allowing her to finish me off.  Somehow I knew
what she was going to do.  She tried to leap on me
and repeatedly stab me to death.  I swung my sword
into the direction I felt her energy.  I head a ka-
chink and felt a warm liquid run down my hand.  I
looked to see a gravely surprised face of Xaria.
**
	Xaria:  How?  I had...you!

My hand had glows when Xaria's life energy came
towards me.  It incorporated it's self into my own
life energy, giving me new abilities and increasing
my power.

	Blaine:  What is happening?

	Xaria:  Take my abilities and strength.  You
were wise in making a new life for you self here.  It
calms the soul and helps you deal with you bloody
past.  I'm sorry for no raising you in a proper
manner.  Convince Nakumo of this.

	Blaine:  Xaria? ....  Xaria?!  Noooo!!!

She was dead.  She finally realized why I stopped
being a mercenary.  I found a proper place to lay her
down, I covered her with branches and leaves then
set it on fire.  I said a payer for Xaria to find peace
in her afterlife.  With renewed ambition I ran to the
ship.  Once inside I saw Ayeka and Ryoko in cells.
Ryoko stared to pound on the glass to get my
attention Ayeka was doing he same thing.  I started
to walk towards the cells to get them out.
Something hit me in the back.  I turned around and I
saw Nakumo.

	Nakumo:  I can't let you go any further.

	Blaine:  You can drop the act now.  I know
why you really came here.  It's a trap for me.

	Nakumo:  Bingo.  Want to know why?

	Blaine:  No, just let them go and get it over
with.

	Nakumo:  I want them to witness my
migration to a new and more powerful body.
Ready?

	Blaine:  Yes.

Nakumo shot a ray of light from his eyes into mine.
I saw myself getting closer to Nakumo’s body.
Then I saw my body from Nakumo's view.

	Nakumo:  It worked!  Now you can die!!

	Blaine:  Pathetic fool!  If you wanted more
power you should have killed me instead of taking
my body!  An immortal power is passed on to the
victor!

I rushed to Nakumo and stabbed him straight
through his stomach.

	Nakumo:  No ... you can't kill your little
brother.

Nakumo fell face forward on the floor and died.  I
broke open the cells and walked for the exit.
**
	Ayeka:  Where is Lord Tenchi?

	Blaine:  At home.  I came by myself.

	Ryoko:  I see.  This was a personal thing
here and you didn't want Tenchi involved.

	Blaine:  I've been through a lot these past hours.  I
saw my mother/creator die, slain my brother, and just got a
new body!  I don't feel so good right now.  I'm still
thinking about how to explain this to Tsunami.

Blaine, Ryoko, and Ayeka walk out of the ship; it's
now morning.  Blaine puts his ring on and notices
something on his wrists.  They were gems just like
Ryokos' gems.  They were metallic in color.

	Blaine:  Ryoko look at this!

	Ryoko: How can you have gems?

	Blaine:  I guess when Nakumo and I
switched bodies and fought I got his gems when I
destroyed him.  Let's just go home and get things
back to normal as possible.  I still have to think
of a way to convince Tsunami that I'm still me.

	Ayeka:  Don't worry most of your previous
facial features you still have.  Look in that pond.

Blaine looks in the pond.  He sees his scarlet eyes,
his small nose, chiseled facial features that make
him feared and loved.  He realizes he now has
platinum hair.

	Blaine:  Not bad.  I think we should get back
to the house.

	Ayeka:  Agreed.

	Ryoko:  Wise choice.

Blaine walked with Ayeka and Ryoko through the
forest.  They could see the forest light up with the
morning.  They get to the house and see a very
angry Tenchi.

	Tenchi:  I felt a twinge in my sleep.  I went
to check on you and guess what?!

	Blaine:  I know, I was not there.  I feel really
bad but this was between my family and me.

	Tenchi: [screaming] Regardless, I should
have gone with you!  When people I deeply care for
are in deadly danger, I do not want to be left at the
sidelines!!!  Get me?!

	Blaine:  I know.  But this was something I
didn't want you to get caught up in.  I like to have
my past left untouched.  Look at me I'm not even
the same person any more!  I have a different body.
How can I even begin to explain this to Tsunami?

	Tsunami:  You won't have to.  Blaine I know
you're in there, the way you look does not matter.  I
feel in love with Blaine, not Blaine's body.

	Blaine:  Tsunami.  Before anything else
happens let's get married now.

Blaine puts his ring for Tsunami on her finger.

	Blaine:  With this ring.  I wed thee.

Tsunami puts her ring for Blaine on his finger.

	Tsunami:  With this ring.  I wed thee.

	Voice:  This is what you left the family for?!
A group of pathetic weaklings?  You have gotten
soft!

Blaine spins around to face the invader.  To his
horror it was Nakumo fully healed.

	Blaine:  Nakumo!  I killed you!  How is it
that you still live?

	Nakumo:  I too am immortal.  You are going
to have to try harder to be rid of me completely!

	Tenchi:  Let me handle this!  [Summons
light hawk wings.]

Tenchi forms his armor and sword.  Nakumo stands
ready to fight.

	Tenchi:  Here I come!! (AHHHH!!!)

Tenchi runs forward to Nakumo.  Nakumo forms
energy claws and charges Tenchi.  Tenchi slashes at
Nakumos face and makes a deep gash.  Nakumo
knocks Tenchi to the ground.  Tenchi quickly gets
up.

	Tenchi:  Time to end this game!

	Nakumo:  Bring it on!

Tenchi runs and tackles Nakumo.  Tenchi glows a
deep blue and he disappears.  Nakumo gets up and
looks around for his opponent.

	Nakumo: Where did he go?

Nakumo glows the same color as Tenchi.  Tenchi's
voice calls out from no where.

	Tenchi:  I'm going to put you out of
commission Nakumo.

Nakumo shudders in pain and cries out.  The deep
blue turns into a bright white.  Nakumo explodes.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi!

	Ayeka:  Lord Tenchi!

The dust cloud settles and Tenchi is seen in the
center of the crater.

	Tenchi:  I guess I did it.

Tenchi stands over Nakumos remains.  They turn to
dust and swirl around Tenchi.  They start shooting
out sparks.  Tenchi absorbs the sparks and becomes
an immortal.

Tenchi and company exhausted from all the adventure
go in the house.  In there they find relief in sleep.
Tsunami walks to Blaines' room.

	Tsunami: Blaine?  Are you awake?

	Blaine:  Yeah what is it?

	Tsunami:  Can I sleep with you?  I can't
sleep in my own bed it is too small.

	Blaine:  Sure, hop in.

Tsunami shyly gets in the bed.  Blaine wraps his
arm around her side

	Blaine [whispers in Tsunamis' ear]: Now tell
me.  Why did you really come here?

	Tsunami:  I want to be with you.  Lets sleep
now, we had a rough night.

	Blaine: Ok.

Blaine and Tsunami sleep with each other.  Later
Blaine has a dream that puts him in a very deep
sleep.

**Blaines' dream**


There was an endless gray plain stretching out in all
directions.  I felt compelled to walk forward.

	Blaine:  < What am I doing here?  Wait this
is a dream, but why can't I wake up? >

Soon a huge cathedral shot out from the ground.  It
looked dark and dismal.  Music was being played
from within its dark recesses.

	Blaine: That music...I have to find who's playing
that.

Oddly I ran to the cathedral.  I stopped at the to look
at the gargoyle statues.  They came to life when
their eyes glowed red.  Suprised I leapt back a feet.
They heeded me no attention the just dug their
claws into the door and opened it.

	Gargoyles:  Lady Tokemi has been waiting.

Enthralled by all this mysticism I walked in.  Inside
the music got louder as I went on.  I came to a large
and elaborate church organ.  A woman was sitting
there playing a song that I heard before.

	Woman:  Nocturne of life and death.  That is
the song.

	Blaine: Are you Lady Tokemi?

	Tokemi:  Yes my child.  You need to know
something...I...I'm your mother.

	Blaine:  WHAT?!  No way, I never saw you
before!

	Tokemi:  That is not true you would see me
in your dreams as a child.

	Blaine: {stunned} That’s right, the woman
who would hold me...But I never saw your face.

	Tokemi:  Listen to me.  There is something
that is coming or you in the future, something very
bad.  I can't stop it, but you can.  The woman you
married, Tsunami, she can help you.  Sadly I cannot
tell you what is coming.

	Blaine:  Mother, can you do something to
help me?

	Tokemi:  Yes, I can.  I can awaken your
sleeping abilities.  There is a price to this.

	Blaine:  I don't care!

	Tokemi:  Very well.  Accept my gift to you.
You’re awakening.

Tokemi stops playing and I get surrounded by a
spheres of fire, stone, water, electrical, wood,
darkness, light, and spiritual energies.  They slowly
spin around me.  One by one they glow their
symbolic colors.  Red for fire.  Gray for stone.  Blue
for water.  Yellow for electricity.  Brown for wood.
Black for darkness.  White for light.  Dark purple
for spirit.  They spun faster and faster until they
blurred into a singular ring around me.  A bright
flash ensued along with a great amount of pain.  I
couldn't stand it I started to scream at the top of my
lungs.

*End dream*

Blaine wakes up from his dream screaming.
Tsunami wakes up rather frightened.

	Tsunami {Worried}: Blaine?  What is the
matter?

	Blaine:  I need to speak with Washu!  I
found out something in my dreams.

Blaine looks at his right hand and finds seven gems
like the spheres from his dreams.  Blaine gets up
and heads for Washu's lab.

__________________________________________


Daniel:  (whew!)  I hoped you liked that!  'Cause I
liked writing it.  Any who I like to write some more
but I need feed back, positive or negative I do not
care.  Hit me at evldan@hotmail.com.

Blaine:  What's gonna happen next Dan?

Daniel:  I honestly don't know.  I go on as I type
sorta like improv writing. ^_^;

Blaine:  What the hell is that?!

Daniel: An emoticon.  Well let's call it a day!  See
you later!!!

[Fade out]

