Author's Note: Most of the characters in the following story are not mine and in 
no way do I claim them to be.  Nor do I claim that I created the universe that 
the
characters are placed in.  The characters and the universe remain the property 
of Hitoshi Okuda, Pioneer LDC, INC and Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO. 
Please do not sue.  This is a fanfic and is nothing more than a show of my 
appreciation to the creators of Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

Chapter 15

 

A day after the disappearance of the Koi, Tenchi at last thought it time to tell 
everyone the story.  Everyone agreed that the little nameless boy
was the true hero and it was a fitting piece of irony that Koi's "failed" 
experiment proved his undoing.  Washuu felt a little cheated though, she had
real wanted to study the Koi, but it was clear that not only had the Koi blown 
up but also the boy had taken it very, very far away for it to do so.

                It didn't take Washuu long to reverse the time machine and that 
same day they were looking at Earth again, happy that the planet seemed in good 
order. 
Things returned to what resembled normalcy after that.  Jurai was fine and 
according to Washuu's eavesdropping GP Outpost three four one was reporting 
nothing
unusual in the Belt of Sojin.  Everyone that was supposed to be alive was.  It 
was as if the Koi had never existed.

            It was a week after their trip back in time that the gang found 
themselves gathered in the living room of the Masaki home.

            "Why do you think that little boy did that?"  Questioned Sasami.  
"It must have been scary."

            "I'm sure it was."  Agreed Tenchi.

            Grandfather nodded and took a sip of tea.  "Sometimes a person finds 
a purpose in death, sometimes that is when a person lives."

            "I'm just so glad its over."  Sighed Aeka as she settled back into 
the couch.

            "It's a bit of a shame though."  Said Washuu with a wink.  "I really 
wanted to study that ship a bit more."

            Tenchi groaned and stretched out his legs.  "I'm going to pretend I 
didn't hear that."

            Sasami seemed to be thinking about something carefully and then 
spoke.  "What would have happened if that boy didn't help us?"

            "Nothing good."  Said Washuu simply.  "We'd all be dead and that's 
just for starters."

            "I'm still confused."  Said Tenchi.  "What was Koi?  Who was he?  
How could he have lived for so long and been so powerful?  Do you think he 
really
was what he hinted he was, a god?"

            Washuu nodded.  "If power is how a god is measured then he was very 
close, if not dead on.  Who knows what's out there, what terrors are roaming?  
If
he was a god I'm glad he's dead."

            "Oh come on!"  Ryoko exclaimed and stood up.  "You people are all so 
fatalistic!  I'm going out for some air."

            Tenchi watched as Ryoko floated toward the door and dematerialized.  
After a moment Tenchi excused himself and said that he was going for a walk. 
Once he was outside Tenchi took in a deep breath and enjoyed the fine air the 
day was producing.  He found Ryoko sitting on the lawn looking at Funaho pond. 
Without a word he took a seat next to her on the soft grass.  Choosing his 
moment carefully he spoke.

"Tell me Ryoko, when we were aboard the Koi, what were you thinking of?"

"What do you mean?"  Questioned Ryoko without facing Tenchi.

"When everything looked hopeless what were you thinking?"

"I was knocked out, remember?"

"But what were you thinking of before that?"

"Well, I suppose the last thing that went through my head was the fear that 
everyone I cared about was going to die and I was going to be helpless to stop 
it.  I- I
didn't want anyone to die."

            "Oh."

            "Tenchi."

            "Yes Ryoko?"

            "Do you think that if a person tries hard enough, no matter what the 
odds, she can get what she wants?"

            "What do you mean?"

            "I was just thinking about something Irai said to me.  Do you think 
that if a person tries hard enough at love they have a chance at finding it, 
even if most
think it's not meant to be?"

            "Sure, everyone has a chance at being with who they love."

            "Tenchi?"

            "Yes?"

            "Promise me that you won't die anytime soon okay?  Promise me that 
we'll be together for a long time."

            "I can't promise that."

            "Please.  Promise me, its important."

            "I'll try. I promise I'll try Ryoko."

            Ryoko felt the tears welling up inside her and hoped that Tenchi 
couldn't see them.  She shivered and then she felt something warm on her 
shoulder.  She
turned and saw that it was Tenchi's hand, rubbing her shoulder in a comforting 
manner.  She didn't care about the tears anymore.  They came hard and fast.  
Tears
filled Tenchi's eyes as well and the two stayed like that under the warmth of 
the sun.

 

End
