No need for real gems of power



dissclaimer Tenchi is the property of Piorneer an the oz book are copey
writed by
Reiley an Lee. I am not looking to make any money off this fiction .

It was a nice daythe sun was shining,in Tenchi bedroom;he saw a girl
with cryon color hair an golden eyes, floating abouve his bed.
"Good morning Tenchi did you sleep well"?
Tenchi nodded his head an said I slept fine!
She per like a kitten, an gave him a nice hug.

Tenchi herd Sasami  breafast is readey Tenchi?
At that very moment Ayaka came down the stairs;what is that monster
doing to you lord Tenchi.
At those worlds Ryoko phase out;Ayeka yo don'nt have to worrey,I can
take care of my self.

They were setting at the breafast table eating;what Sasami had made.
Tenchi said it is very good Sasami! "Thank you Tenchi".
Ryoko grab the last roll  off the table;at the same time Ayeka whent to
grab the roll to.
Ryoko said get your grubbey hands off my roll you spoil princess.
Ayeka said I am not a spoil princess.

Ryoko threw her hands over Tenchi. Ayeka said get your hands off lord
Tenchi this verey
sec.
Nobuyuki said what are the girls, fighting over this time?
Kiyone said the same thing it is every time. Tenchi said I am going up
to my room now.

After  a few minutes later Ryoko phase out  from the breafast table.
Yosho said we are sure luckey, that there was no fighting.
Washua said we are very luckey. This is onley that this has ever happen.

After resting up stairs.(In deep thought) Tenchi was reading a book on
Astromy.
After another 30 minutes he went to,little Washua space lab.
He notice a divice that red brain switch. (I'll need this for my plans
with
Ryoko.)

Little Washua can I borrow this divice you can, but you know what I want
in return
for it. Tenchi said ok! (This statement supriselittle Washua.)
He went to the bathroom up stairs an in a few minutes,gave little Washua
the sample.
She gave him the divice. He took it to his, room an put it away.
An then he went to the fields, an started to work.
After an hour of working hard an sweating ;he notice  sasaimi playing
with Ryo-ohikio.

It was 5:00 pm an "Sasami said breafast is readey Tenchi"! I'll be down
there in a minute.
Tenchi was setting between Ayeka an Ryoko. Tenchi wisper something into
Tenchi hear.

Ever one was setting enjoying there meal;Tenchi was in deep thought.
Sasimi said you should eat your dinner before it get cold Tenchi!
Tenchi said  I am full Sasimi:I am going up to my room now!
After a few minutes, Ryoko phase out an appear in Tenchi room.
Tenchi: I have something to show you Ryoko?
Ryoko: What is it Tenchi.

Tenchi show Ryoko ahogram computer pad,that had a 5 ft. cords on each
side
of the computer pad.
Washua said it is call a brain the brain switch.
Ryoko: (Shrug her shoulder.) What is it?
Tenchi said switches  the mine,with each other mine. (I Tenchi become
Ryoko.)
(An you Ryoko become Tenchi.)
Ryoko said that sounds a little kinkey Tenchi!
I want to check your power is like an check what happen yo us 8 years
ago
when that bitch Ayeka blasted my house. Ryoko noded her head.

Tenchi pointed the hilt,of the sword an pray that the gems return to me.

One gem appear in stead of the 2 gems . That right  we are going to
switch mines!
Tenchi put the metal plate, on Ryoko head an his own head.
Tenchi push a few buttons on the key pad;there was bright glow over the
face of Ryoko an
      Tenchi. Ryoko astrol bodey went into ,Tenchi bodey an Tenchi mind
went, into  Ryoko bodey.
Ryoko in Tenchi bodey thew ,the master key under the bed.
An then there was an explosion.

Ever one ran up stairs;Ayeka was the first won there,what are doing in
lord Tenchi bed
you demond women. Ryoko almost  said I am sorrey  then Tenchi shook his
head!
Then Ryoko said none of your bussinessyou foolish little princess!
Washua saw that the computer pad was melted, totaql destroy. Washua open
her mine link
to Ryoko. What Washua felt was the mine,of  Tenchi in Ryoko bodey.
Can some won help, me with Tenchi an Ryoko;I need to run some test on
them.
Nobuyuki pick up Tenchi an Katsuhito pick up Ryoko.

I know what going to happen she said looking at Tenchi.
Tenchi said dam you Washua! Why is Tenchi talking like that to little
Washua.
Tenchi try to get upbut could not he was strap down:Tenchi said dam you
Washua
I am going to kill you when I get up! Washua look supprise did not
fulley,
under stand what was going on.
Ryoko said to Tenchi shut up is not to be lock up in this lab!
I have look at won of Washua mashine that will take us to any world .
Tenchi you want  become more powerful don't you!
{Techi witch is >Ryoko nodded.}

Washua came back an, turn off the lights. Tenchi said mommey, where are
you dam you Washua!
Tenchi witch mine of Ryoko, could not see aney thing in the darkness.
Ryoko eyes were cat like, could see beter in the dark. Finnley with
Tenchi crying like Ryoko:
Ryoko said shut up Tenchi!
By the way Tenchi how do I Astol perject? Just concentrate, an you can
seperate your bodey
from your soul.

What seem like it was very short time; it was morning, Washua had return
to her sub space lab.
How are my 2 faverite guinea pigs. Tenchi>Ryoko  When will you let us go
?
Soon my little Ryoko.

Ryoko said the game ends now. Ryoko power up her gem an shatter the stap
that were holding
her. Ryoko came over an shatter the strap that was holding Tenchi.
Ryoko start typing, on the key board .
She ask  what place has the most powerful magical wepon?----Answer the
land of oz.----magic belt.
Ryoko type who owns this wepon ?---- Dothey Gale ---Ozma. Go to this
land 2000.

A gate appear that was 8 ft. tall5 ft wide. The mist started to clear,
an they could see a emeal castle.
They both jump in . Washu scream I have't fulley tested it!  Before she
could do aney thing else the gate had close.

Ryoko had Tenchi by her hand she was flying at night then she put Tenchi
down.
Then she flew an created an energy sword 3 ft long an slice the top of
the roof off.
Tenchi said what the hell are you doing; we could  just phase into the
wall Ryoko!

I for got  you might of wake some bodey up. They whent into ever room
there was some won
sleeping  there.
Ryoko telported out side were, she had smash the roof in. an found a
dustey room;there was strange
writing  an there was strange chemcals. We can sleep here, to night till
morning Tenchi.

Ryoko had phase out an look in over a ,hundred differnt rooms. When she
was about to go back to bed.
There was young girl; to the right there was a silver waund. Ryoko
spotted a magic belt
an put it on around her waist. Then Ryoko said  a phrase an she was back
,in the room were Tenchi was.

Tenchi get up:  I have the magic belt, an we can wish for the master
key.
Then Ryoko said I wish for the master key; an it was so. She had the
master key it, started to
shock her. She threw the master  key down. Wake up Tenchi you are the
onley won that can
us the master key.

Tenchi pointed the swords hilt to me an pray that the gem return to me.
The gem flew into Ryoko right side
of her neck. Then Ryoko said another phrase an they were back, in the
room were the girl was sleeping.
Ryoko said another phrase, an the young girl vanish.

Ryoko lifted Tenchi into the nice soft bed ;an with her cat like eyes,
she spotted the
magic picture. She said I wish to see Tenchi house an it was so. An then
she could see little
Washua working on the machine, then Ryoko touch the belt,again an the
machine blew up.
Then in Ayeka said if any,thing has happen to, lord Tenchi I'll kill
Rioko!
Then Washua went out side has that dam Mihoshi been in here screwing up
again!
Kiyone said she has been with me.

What data I hade gotten they, went to some kind, of magical world.
All of you stay out of my way. It will take a month to fix it an another
2 weeks to power it
up. Washua lock her self up in her space lab.

People were geting up saying good morning princess Ozma to Ryoko .
(Ryoko say if this does not stop soon I am going to kill some won.)
Ryoko telported out side of the gates of the citey she touch the belt an
said , I am ruler of the people.
An it was so. A straw man, morning princess Ryoko. Ryoko said I have
seem to have forgotten
your name.
I have come up with some new taxes to put on the people so we can
conquer other lands.
There has not been any army in over 98 years. Ryoko no armey how are
supose to coquer other lands
An old man stand up have you, forgotten there is a desert that, turn
flesh to dust.
Ryoko said I must hade forgotten that.
You can leave now!

It had been 4 weeks sence they had came into the strange land: Ryoko
touch the belt an a gem appear.
She threw it on the ground an it explode!(Ryoko said dam it!)
Then Ryoko whent into deep thought an then said, I wish for a divice
,that create real gems of power.
What appear was a belt that had ,9 gems incircle the belt.
How do I know they are gems of power: a piece of paper the paper was
written in an
unknown she could read ,it but she did not know how. Written on the
piece of paper a
univerce with great power able to create the gems of power.
Ryoko took off the magic belt she had gotten from the ruler Ozma an put
on the belt that was incircle
with th 9 gems of power.

She put on the magic belt that, in circle with the 9 gems of power.
She gave the magic belt that she had taken, from the ruler Ozma of Oz an
gave it to Tenchi.
Then Ryoko touch her magic belt , I wish that Tenchi had the same
healing power has me mass.
Ryoko touch herher magic belt that was incircle with the 9 gems glow an
pulsate; 3 gems appear in her hand
they were red in color.  Ryoko test one of the gem an drop, it did not
explode it was real gem!
Ryoko said Tenchi raise your right wrist , he did it because he had
Ryoko mine.
Then she let both gems go one inbeded,in the left wrist the other on the
right side of the neck.
Ryoko I need you to wish, for a second set of gems will bine. the first
so no one take it from us.
Ryoko wish for the cronus gem with it, I'll be able to control time.
Ryoko held the cronus gem 5 inchs it flew to where Tenchi had gotten the
mark from Tsunami.
An it appear on,Tenchi fore head.

Tenchi touch his magic belt an the magic belt an the belt that was on
Ryoko waist  appear on Tenchi
waist.
He touch the magic belt an 3 gems of power apear the left wrist ,right
wrist, an left neck.
An it was so.

It had been 6 months, all the people feared the name ,Ryoko an Tenchi
struck fear into
the people of the land.
They even cross,the desert an made the people over there fear them. When
they return to the castle
they had sex night an day because neither, of them ned to eat or sleep a
lot they had sex morning
till night. (The 2 pair of gem have special power we can tranform are
self into any thing,contol the weather,
an have the power, over life an death. an the 2 pair of gems increase
,the power of the first set.)

Ryoko look into the enchanted magic picture, she sawan touch her magic
belt an herd Washua
saying  Sasami,Ayeka,Mihoshi,Kiyone,Katsuhito an Sasaimi she had brought
along Ryoko-ohik.
that she was in her humenoild form.

Ayeka said to Washua then Washua gave her a stern look I mean little
Washua.
There is something blocking are way So I have found another way this
world has 7 magical
dragon ball that can grant wishes
We can use the dragon ball, to take us to were Tenchi an Ryoko are.
Ryoko took off her belt, it would be usless in the real world.
Tenchi grabRyoko right hand an they were back in Washua lab.
Tenchi touch his 9 gem belt an the 6 gems were made invisible an also
the 7 gem was to.
An Ryoko 3 gems were also made invisible.

Then Tenchi touch his belt an the mind, of Ryoko was in Ryoko bodey, an
the mine of
Tenchi was in Tenchi bodey.
They then open a gate to the dragon ball world take us to were
Washua,Sasami,Ayeak,Kiyone,
Mihoshi,Katsuhito  went. Tenchi an Ryoko appear right in front of
Washua,Sasami,Ayeaka,Kiyone,
Mishoish,Katsuhito an the Ryo-ohik child form an Bulma,Vegeta an Trucks.

After they finish talken to the dragon ball gang. Tenchi touch his belt
,an they where back at
Washua sub space lab.

Chapter 2 No need for ayeka
Ayeka fines out were Tenchi an Ryoko had been for the last 6 months.
An why is Ryoko stronger then she, was before an Tenchi seem just has
strong.
Ayeka go to the dragon ball, world an wishes, for the same power that
Ryoko has
an Tenchi has. The last bit of the storey took place in the Dragon ball
world.
It is own by Funmation.

 Remenber all comments critism an quistion go to. This is my first fan
fiction I hope you like it.

tenchi5055@hotmail.com