DISCLAIMER:
	These seem pretty popular, so here goes.  Pioneer and AIC own 
Tenchi & Co., most of the settings, and probably half of Tokyo.  I 
own a computer with Notepad (now Wordpad), so I thought, I'll 
write a fanfic.  Some elements were influenced by various fanfics, 
but nothing was directly lifted.

This story takes place in the OAV universe (I know Nagi is from 
the TV series, but if u read episode 1, then that is all cleared 
up.)

Tenchi Muyo!:  No Need for Siblings!  Episode 2:  Tsunami, Part 2
by
~Brain~Wav~


-------------

	"Thank you, *sister*"
	
	"Wha.. What do you mean?"  Tsunami said, quite shocked.

	"You know damn well what I mean.  I'm your sister, and you 
never told me!"  Washu yelled, somewhat disgusted.

	"I, I did it for your own good, I..."  Tsunami was cut off by 
the enraged Washu.

	"*My* own good!?  I'm the Universe's Greatest Scientific 
Genius, and you didn't think I could handle something like that?"  
Washu paused to breathe, she continued, in a calmer tone, "Sorry 
about that outburst, it's just I've been having these dreams about 
you and me, Tokemi.  I was hoping you could shed some light on it, 
I still haven't recovered all of my memories."

	"Yes, Sasami has been having the same dreams.  I guess that 
you haven't remembered what happened between the three of us.  I 
suppose I shall have to tell you then."  Tsunami sat down and 
began to tell Washu about their past.

	"When the universe was young, there were three goddesses:  I, 
Tsunami, You, Washu, and our sister, Tokemi.  When the universe 
began to become populated, the tensions began.  Tokemi saw the 
lifeforms as something to control, you saw them for their 
scientific value, I became interested in the plant life.  As 
Tokemi grew more infuriated with us, she started to formulate a 
plan behind our backs."  Tsunami paused and started again, "She 
cast us away, you became a human and lost your goddessly memories, 
a very powerful and smart human, but only a mere human.  I hid on 
Jurai and created the trees.  Tokemi then..."  Tsunami stopped as 
Washu spoke up.

	"She created KAIN, yes, I am beginning to remember now.  She 
sought to send KAIN against us, but the Jurains, with your help, 
trapped him in another dimension.  Then you managed to trap Tokemi 
there too."

	"Yes, but she somehow managed to create D3 to act as a link 
between her and our realm.  Now that she knows where we are, she 
will try to release KAIN to kill us so she can take over.  We 
musn't allow that to happen.  Those dreams are not mere dreams, 
they are premonitions of things to come.  Help the girls train, I 
will help prepare Sasami, I feel that Tokemi will show hereself 
soon, and I fear about the consequences."

	"As do I, sister, as do I."

	Tsunami disappeared as Sasami woke up.  "Washu, were you just 
talking to Tsunami?"

	"Huh, how did you know?  She must've allowed you to listen 
in.  What did you hear?"

	"I heard you talking about the lady from my dreams, Tokemi, 
and what happended.  Hey, Washu?"

	"Yes, Sasami?"

	"Since Tsunami is your sister, does that make me your sister 
too?"

	"Not technically until the assimilation, and Sasami, don't 
tell anyone what happened, let me do it.  We can't worry them too 
much, alright?"

	"You can count on me, Washu!"  Sasami cheerfully replied and 
skipped out of the lab.  Washu followed her.

-In the living room-

	"Hey, I was watching that!"  Nagi yelled at Ryoko and tried 
to snatch teh remote back from her.

	"You were sleeping!"  Ryoko retorted as Nagi lunged again, 
knocking the remote from her grasp, it landed in front of Mihoshi.

	"Oh, thank you, Ryoko!  I was afraid I was going to miss my 
soap operas!"  Mihoshi happily changed the channel and became 
glued.

	"Why you little!"  the two sisters growled and began powering 
up, then Washu ran in.

	"Ryoko, Nagi, get into my lab, pronto!"  she yelled.

	"Why, mom?"  Nagi asked.

	"I think your aunt may be paying us a visit soon."  She 
replied and headed back to the lab.  Nagi and Ryoko just looked 
puzzled, but followed her anyway.

-Back in the lab (again.)-
	"What was this about our *aunt*?"  Ryoko asked Washu as she 
walked in, Nagi nodded in agreement.

	"Did Dr. Clay say anything about a Lady Tokemi while he had 
you captive, Ryoko?"  Washu asked.

	"Yeah, I heard him mention that name a few times."

	"She's your aunt.  My sister.  And she wants me and your 
outher aunt, Tsunami, dead."

	"Wait, you mean Tsunami, the goddess that's linked to Sasami, 
is your sister, so does that make you.."  Nagi interjected.

	"Yes, I am a goddess, and you two could be considered demi-
goddesses.  All this time I believed most of your power came from 
the masses, but now,  guess most of it came from me.  But that's 
beside the point, Tsunami and I believe that she is coming soon, 
and when that happens we need to be ready."

	"What about Tenchi and Ayeka, shouldn't they train too?"  
Ryoko asked.

	"Yes, Tsunami and Katsuhito will train them."  

	"How's Tsunami gonna tell them, she can only communicate 
while Sasami's sleeping."  Ryoko said.

	"She'll probably speed up the assimilation temporarily, so 
that won't be a problem."

	"But what'll happen to Sasami?"  Nagi asked, worried about 
the girl.

	"Tsunami won't let anything hapen to her.  But we have to 
train, I have completed a program in my holodeck to help us."  
Washu said.

	"Us, I thought you said me and Nagi had to train."  Ryoko 
said, a little confused.  Nagi looked a bit confused as well.

	"You two aren't the only Makibi's that can fight you know."  
Washu said with a smirk.

End of episode 2

Yeah, I know this episode was short, but wait until episode 3, 
it'll be longer and quite action packed.  It might take me a 
little while though.

e-mail:~brain~wav~@techie.com

website:  fly.to/Psyite
