No Need for ANOTHER Girl from Space!! - Chapter 3: The Plot Thickens


Ah, my lovely fanfic! Just a reminder, I still dont own the original Tenchi
plots, chars,  etc. So dont sue me.
Hee hee, have I kept my fans waiting long enough? I doubt it, i'm typing
this day the after chapter 2 was posted... oh well! Here's Chapter 3:

       "That can't be right!" Tenchi exclaimed. When we left our "heros"
last, Kiyone has pulled Tenchi into a closet and confessed that Saquoyato
was going to kill her. "Saquoyato? Here to kill you? What in the world makes
you think that!?"
       Kiyone looked him straight in the eye. "You really want to know?
       "Maybe not..."
       "Too late. So, a while back, before I even met Mihoshi, Saquoyato and
I were partners at the Galaxy Police. And... well, I hate to abmit it, but I
acted like Mihoshi does now. And Saquoy acted like - well, Saquoyato! But, I
was tired of her doing everything right and me doing everything wrong. So I
made this plan.
       "I gave her Mano Ohki... and told her we should brush up on our
spaceship flying/fighting. She agreed, naive thing that she was. She never
suspected a thing!" Here, Kiyone got a sort of crazed look in her eyes. "She
took the first shot, and I called HQ to say she was shooting at me. Not
mentioning, of course, that it was my idea to fight." She paused.
       "...And then what?" Tenchi couldn't help asking.
       "And then she was sacked! I got promoted!" Kiyone no longer looked
crazed, she looked insane. She bellowed out an evil laugh and Tenchi knocked
down the door in an attempt to get away from her. Kiyone yelled as he ran
off, "She's here for revenge on me! She kill anyone in her way!!!"

       Tenchi sighed. He had barely escaped Kiyone and lived. Now he was in
the bath,  trying to soak away his nervousness. Was Kiyone right? Would
Saquoy actually do anything to get revenge, maybe even kill, her former
partner?
       Tenchi heard someone come in. Expecting it to be Ryoko about to cling
to him, , he scrunched up his eyes and prepared himself. When no "attack"
came, he turned around. There stood Saquoyato, holding a sharp pair of
scissors up, and in Tenchi's mind, menacingly. She hair was soaked and hung
in front of parts of her face. In her other hand she held her pale pink
towel together. Tenchi screamed like a little school girl and, ,flipping
out, ran from the bath, barely holding his own white towel up. Saquoy
blinked.
       "I was just going to ask him if he would wash Mano Ohki while I
trimmed my bangs..." she commented to the trail of smoke left in Tenchi's
wake.

       An hour or so later, after his heart had stopped beating 90 miles an
hour and returned to normal, and he had dressed, Tenchi went into the
kitchen in search of food. There, he found Sasami chopping
carrots.Naturally, the two Ohkis were there, , nibbling on extra carrots. I
should probably tell about their relationship. The two seem to be quite
taken w/ each other. No, not like Ryo Ohki and Ken Ohki. They're just good
friends... or so it seems right now.
       "Sasami!" Tenchi called.
       "Oh,  hi, Tenchi!" Sasami replied. *Just making stew!"
       Saquoy suddenly came in with an arm full of vegetables. "Got those
onions and potatoes, Sasami!" she said, ,dropping on the counter.
       "Thanks!" Sasami grinned. "Here, ,chop them up for me, ok?"
       "Ok!" Saquoy took a large chopping knife and turned to speak to
Tenchi,  but he had fled from the room moments earlier. "Uhhh er... ok
then..." She wondered why Tenchi was acting so weird...

Have I confused anyone yet!? Yeah, cause that my #1 goal in life: I live to
confuse. I haven't even reached the highlight of the fic yet, either! Betcha
cant wait til chapter 4, huh?