I don't own any of these charicters except a few. Don't sue me for copyright 
reasons. If you have the song "Wonderful" by Everclear anywhere, Listen to it 
while you read my fanfic! I do have a soundtrack to this cd, and if you have 
napster and want the music, I can tell you the songs on it and you can go get 
them (Warning: This story is written by somebody who listens to Tales Of Destiny 
too much to be possible.).

No Need For Family 
			Chapter 4: No Need For 4

	"So Ami, what do you want?" Maiaka snapped at her little sister.
	"Sister, I came to find you because the palace is getting destroyed! I 
can't find anyone anywhere, and when I found out you were here I got scared, so 
I came back to find you." Ami pleaded.
	"I already knew all of that."
	"So exactly where are you from?" Tenchi asked, confused.
They  ignored him and went on bickering at each other.
	"If anyone needs me I'll be outside." Maiaka snapped, giving her sister a 
look that said If you follow me, you'll regret it.
	Ami watched her leave, a blank look on her face. Only a few people were 
left standing around, clearly making her nervous. She picked up her cabbit, 
which was meowing sadly, and hugged it. Ami was wearing a blue miniskirt, and a 
white top. She had long brown hair with a huge red bow in it. Her emerald green 
eyes were exactly like her mother's. She stared down at her feet for a few 
minutes and looked up. She seemed to have just noticed Washu, Tenchi, and Sasami 
standing there. 
	"Oh...um...hi." she said shyly.

				          *******

	"That's horrible, how can she treat our little sister like that, Miyu?"
	"I don't know. I don't really care either."
	"Miyu, how could you?"
	The baby in Miya's arms started crying, so she tried to calm it down. 
"Shh, Mai, it's okay. Mother and Father will be back soon. I hope..." Miya's 
voice trailed off.
	"Miya, you worry too much. Everything will be fine."
	"And how would you know, Miyu? I heard a rumor going around Jurai this 
morning that their dead, murdered to be exact. How do you expect anybody to rest 
easily with a murderer running around?"
	"Sometimes I wonder if your nuts." Miyu responded coldly. "I can't beleive 
that you will be Queen, but, everybody In the world is nuts if they listen to 
you."
Miya gave her a stern look. 
	"I still don't see how you can wear those things you call shorts, they're 
improper." Miya stated as she brushed off her long dress. 
	"Your improper." Miyu muttered.
	"What was that you said, Miyu?" Miya said in a fakely sweet voice. 
"Anyway, we better get going, after all, they might need us."
	"What are we going to do with Mai?"
	"I guess we'll bring her with us."
	
				           *******

	"What are you doing here?" Tenchi asked Ami.
	"I am Ami, the 6th princess of Jurai. I am here on account of my future as 
an orphan if I can't get my parents back."
Tenchi could tell that she was holding back on something. "Is something wrong?" 
	"Oh, no. Nothing's wrong." She said, taking a step back. Her green eyes 
were full of fear.
	"Hey, Leave me alone."
	"Huh?" Tenchi opened the front door to find Maiaka fighting with two other 
girls. One of them had a bundle in their arms. The other seemed to be brushing 
her long ponytail. 
	"Miya, lay off. It's none of your buisiness what I do or don't do. Back 
off." Maiaka snapped at the older one.
	"I'm with Maiaka, you have gotten snappy lately." The other one pointed 
out.
	"Miyu, keep out of this." The older one glared.
	"Make me."
	"Urgh! You are both stubborn. Beleive me, I hate stubborn people!"
	"Who are you?" Tenchi asked the two girls.
	"I am Miya, 3rd Princess of Jurai." the older one said calmly.
	"Yo, Waz up? I'm Miyu, the 4th princess of Jurai." The middle one added.
	"And this," Miya pointed to the bundle. "Is Mai, the 7th princess of 
Jurai."
	"And of course you know our bratty little sister, Maiaka, the 5th princess 
of Jurai."
	"And you can't forget Ami," Miya pointed out. "Our 2nd youngest sister."
	"Uh..Hi." Tenchi said. Miya looked about his age, and very pretty. She had 
long purple-blue hair and understanding blue eyes. She looked like a goddess. 
Miyu however, Looked like your average 14 year old. Wild, crazy, and defenatly 
had an attitude problem. She was extremly skinny, like Miya, Maiaka, and Ami, so 
it must have run in the family. She had on extremly short shorts and a pink tube 
top that said 10% Angel. Her long blue-purple hair was up in a ponytail.
	"Miya?" Ami was standing in the doorway, and ran to greet her older 
sister. She threw her arms around her like she had Maiaka. Miya just smiled at 
her.
	"Tenchiiiii, Who are they?" Ryoko asked.
	"We are inherents of Jurai throne. All of us but two, which are here 
already." Miya explained.
	"So you're related to my family?" Aeka asked.
	"Yes, In a way."
	"What do you mean by that?"
	"You see, Maiaka her is four people. Her other halves are Miyu, Mai, and 
I. If one of us gets injured, the others feel the same pain they do, except 
nothings wrong with the person."

