Tenchi Muyo and all of it's characters are property of AIC and Pioneer and I am 
not making, nor plan to make any money off of it.  As always, DBZ is Funimations
property but since I'm only using the saiyan legend that's all that I need to 
say is Funimations.

 

'Is Broka leaving the Masaki household?' Now before you start cheering and 
yelling read the story.

 

**********************

 

Sasami's taking a break from cooking today (no, she's not sick).  After last 
night's ordeal Tenchi had the idea that they should cook today...

 

(CRASH)"MIHOSHI!  WATCH WHAT YOU'RE DOING!"

 

"I'm sorry.  I thought the salt was in this cupboard."

 

"BROKA!  GET THAT BOTTLE OF SAKE OUT OF YOUR MOUTH AND START HELPING US!"

 

"All right!  Now, 'grease the bottom of the pan'...sounds easy enough," after 
several minutes a large light flares in the kitchen.

 

"AHHHHHH!!  MY HAIR!"

 

"YOU IDIOT, THIS IS THE BOTTOM OF THE PAN!"

 

"AS FAR AS I CAN REMEMBER, THE BOTTOM WAS ALWAYS ON THE BOTTOM, NOT SLIGHTLY 
ABOVE IT!"

 

"Could you three stop yelling?"

 

...didn't say it was a good idea.

 

Sasami, who is sitting at the table, tries very hard not to respond to their 
cries of pain and torment.  A large sweatdrop appears on her head...

 

"MY HAIR!  MY BEAUTIFUL HAIR!  IT SMELLS LIKE BURNT CHARCOAL!"

 

"SHUT UP AYEKA!!" comes from Ryoko and Broka.

 

...very large sweatdrop.

 

 

 

After several hours of bickering and moaning, everyone has sat at the table.  
Ayeka is combing her hair, Ryoko and Broka just stare daggers at each other from
across the room, Tenchi can only stare at this 'food', but Mihoshi doesn't seem 
to care much.  Sasami curiously watches the two strongest people in this room 
glare
at each other as she slowly lifts her bowl of miso soup to her mouth, taking a 
large sip out of it.  Her eyes start to tear up and her mouth starts to quiver.  
Broka
notices Sasami has started to eat.

 

"So, you like my miso soup, it's pretty good isn't it?"

 

Sasami, not liking to make anyone feel bad about something they have worked on 
for so long, quickly nods her head.  Broka, with a look of concern, leans closer 
to
Sasami...then a smile erupts, "Great, I'm glad you like it!" Unfortuntely, he 
had also reached for his soup and taken a large sip of it.  His eyes bulge, and 
he spits the
soup out all over Ayeka and Ryoko.  He stands up, pulls a toothbrush from out of 
nowhere, violently scrubs his tounge with it, and says, "Ma hongue s hum!  Ma
hounge s hum!"

 

"That ain't the only thing that's going to be numb," Ryoko and Ayeka say, 
pulling their sleeves up.  Broka stops scrubing and runs out of the house 
screaming, Ayeka
and Ryoko closely following.  They make several circles around the house before 
a flash of the sun's ray hit something metal in the sky.  The three stop.

 

"Hay, wat's..." a hand hits the back of his head.

 

"The joke's old Broka, get over it," Ryoko says.

 

"Sorry.  What's that?"

 

The ship slowly descends to the lake and rests silently on the waterfront.

 

"That ship looks familiar somehow," Broka says.  He stares deep into glint of 
the ship's shiny silver coating.

 

Washu pops out of her lab and walks outside, "Sorry everyone, I was kinda busy 
with trying to contact this guy.  I've been signaling him for several hours but 
I
haven't got any response," everyone except Broka turns around to look at the 
red-haired genius.  Broka walks up and starts to examine the ship.

 

"Broka...that ship isn't yours, it's very rude to go poking around at someone 
elses property," Ayeka says.  Naturally, Broka dosen't listen, and starts to pop 
around
all over the ship, knocking at several parts and examining it to the very 
detail.

 

"Why is this ship so familiar," he sits crosslegged, "why can't I place it?" He 
turns around and starts to scourenge around on the top.  At that time, a camera-
like thing
starts to revolve on the side of the ship, and a holographic figure comes out of 
it.  Broka doesn't notice.  The holographic figure is a very slim and beautiful 
woman,
her hair is a bright aqua color that stretches down to the very bottom of her 
legs.  Her eyes are a dark green, and her kimono is the envy of all the girls 
around her
(not very descriptive, I meant Ayeka, Ryoko, etc.).  The hologram bows her head 
and starts to speak.

 

"I know this is a hopeless request, but I have been searching the universe in 
order to find my builder.  He is very tall and...('these missle silos can hold 
several dozen
missles each,' Broka says)...and is also very muscular and..." Broka's voice 
continues to interrupt her, she becomes very annoyed and speaks a little louder, 
"...he is
also very powerful and is a ...('these laser turrets are incredible,' Broka 
continues to say)...HEY YOU, GET DOWN FROM...huh?"

 

Broka stops dead in his tracks and turns around to the hologram, his eyes start 
to water, "Miriara."

 

"Lord Broka...it's you," the hologram also becomes teary-eyed.  Broka jumps down 
and starts to run towards the hologram, arms wide open.  The woman runs
towards Broka as well, arms wide open.  They seem to slow as each step makes 
them closer together.  As they grow nearer, they close their arms around each
other...and Broka falls flat on his face.  Miriara's eyes widen, then she 
remembered something.

 

"Oops...sorry, forget you can't hug me in this form."

 

"Thanks for the reminder," Broka says, face still crushed in the dirt.  The 
hologram disappears, and a door opens and a ramp extends from the doorway, the 
woman
appears at the doorway.

 

"Wow," Tenchi said, much to everyone's surprise.  Several hands hit the back of 
his head.

 

Miriara runs towards the now-kneeling Broka.  She tightly wraps her arms around 
her neck as Broka wraps his arms around her.  He flings her in a circle and
catches her in his arms, Tenchi and the girls look at the two emotionally.  She 
hugs his neck once again and Broka sets her down.  She gives him another hug but 
she
cries as she clings around him.

 

"I thought you were dead.  I thought Kinay had killed you when I didn't recieve 
any calls from you.  But something told me you were alive, so I followed his 
ship.  I
couldn't travel at a fast speed, however, since I can only travel so fast 
without you," Broka wipes the tears away from her eyes.

 

"Broka, is she your...wife," Washu asks, also to everyone's surprise.  Broka and 
Miriara look at Washu with a confused look before bursting out in laughter.

 

"Me and him...hell no.  I'm a robot, I can't marry anyone."

 

"What, you're a robot?!" everyone shouts.

 

"Of course.  Do you think a normal humanoid could survive for two-thousand 
years.  Which reminds me, why are you still alive Lord Broka?"

 

"I was in cryogenetic sleep during that time, it kept my body in tact and all my 
organs working," something zips through his head, "How rude of me, I never
introduced you.  Tenchi, girls, this is Miriara.  She is the mainframe, or 
'brain' of my ship, the Hamararaschi."

 

"Wait a minute, THAT is your ship," Ayeka asks, realizing the comment she had 
made earlier.

 

"Yes Princess, this old girl was made, constructed, and built soley by me," 
Miriara smacks the back of his head, "what was that for?!"

 

"Old girl?" she asks, Broka starts to sweat.

 

"But why did you build her then," Ryoko asks.

 

Miriara blushes and starts to say something but Broka covers her mouth, "I 
needed someone to keep me company during my voyages.  Bounty hunters do work
alone you know, and it can get quite lonely up there."

 

Tenchi starts to wonder this, when Broka appears beside him and whispers to him, 
"She's available when I'm not using her.  Her battery can run up to 48 hours
before a recharge.  Think of her as practice before you choose one of the 
girls," a frying pan hits the back of his head, "jeez...what the hell?  Is the 
back of my head
targeted or something?  Hey...how DID you get a frying pan."

 

Ayeka holds up Mihoshi's control cube.

 

"That's where it is," Mihoshi yells before knocking Ayeka over and grabbing her 
cube, stuffing it in her hair.

 

"Oh, by the way Lord Broka," Miriara reaches into a pocket, "this is for you," 
she hands him a long piece of paper.

 

"What's this?"

 

"This is a bill for all the repair shops and paint jobs I had to go too over the 
years," everyone face-faults.

 

"You know, the vault is open for you to use it for things like that Miriara."

 

"I know, but I wanted you to pay for it.  Those smelly men always try to hit on 
me."

 

"Like this one does," Ayeka says, pointing to Broka, a laser turret starts to 
fire at her.

 

Broka sighs, "Fine, I'll do that tommorow," he turns to the group, "everyone is 
allowed in my ship if they want to look around," Broka and Miriara start up the 
ramp,
everyone else following close behind.  When Tenchi and the girls walked in, 
however, they noticed Miriara was gone and Broka was changing outfits.

 

"Hey Broka, where's Miriara?"

 

Without turning around to face them Broka pushed a button and door opened up 
with Miriara's lifless body in it.  They all jump back and gasp.

 

Then, Miriara's voice came over a microphone, "It's okay, I've just reinstalled 
myself back into the mainframe of this ship.  That body is just for when I need 
to get
out."

 

"Yep," Broka said, "now...let the tour begin," the ground beneath them starts to 
shake and then moves.

 

Miriara's voice now sounds like a the people on a tour, "On your left is a 
beautiful swimming pool, filled with jaquzy, hot springs, and a sauna," the 
girls eyes go
wide, "now, on your right is the training room, equipped with interdimensional 
portals so as to jump to a different fighting ground without damaging the ship."

 

"Grandfather would love this room," Tenchi thought.

 

"What's this room up here," Sasami points to a door with the word PRIVATE on it.

 

"Uh...I'm sorry but this room is off limits to anyone without the captains 
permission.  Oh, right here is the laboratory," Miriara's voice continues to go 
on about
various rooms in the ship, never noticing Sasami has jumped off the moving floor 
to explore the room.  She slowly opens the door to see a bed and stereo speakers
before it abrubtly closes on her.  She flinches and looks up to see Broka's arm 
on the door.

 

"Sasami."

 

Sasmai starts to sweat and laughs nervously.

 

"C'mon, let's get back with the group," he takes Sasami's hand and they walk 
down the hall.

 

**********************

 

After five hours of nothing but rooms, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Washu, and even Tenchi 
have fallen asleep on the floor.  Broka and Ayeka are leaning up against each
other, trying to stay awake, only Sasami is still excited about the rest of the 
ship and it's many rooms.

 

"...and to the left is the last room of the day, the armoury, equipped with the 
most advanced weaponry and..." she continues to talk as Broka slowly slides down
Ayeka's front side, losing consciousness.  He stops on a rather comfortable spot 
and settles his head in.  Ayeka, also barely awake, slowly closes her eyes, and
doesn't mind Broka relaxing into her...until they both realize that he's resting 
on Ayeka's breasts.  Broka jumps back, hits his head against the hard metal 
wall,
bounces off, feels the palm of Ayeka's hand harshly on his face, bounces his 
forehead against the wall, and trips over Ayeka's foot, landing with a thud.

 

"You do that again and I'll do more than slap you," Ayeka yells, veins popping 
out of her forehead.

 

"In the words of Mihoshi...ouch."

 

The sound of a body falling has woken up the rest of the group and they make 
their way up to their feet to walk outside.  They all give a big yawn as they 
step
outside the ramp, except for Sasami who joyfully hops out of the door and awaits 
everyone to get down.

 

"Well (yawn) thank you Miriara for that (yawn) tour.  But it's late so we'll get 
to bed."

 

"Hey Tenchi!  Can I stay on the Hamararaschi and check out some of the romms?"

 

"Sure Sasami, but only if Broka let's you," Sasami turns around to Broka, he 
gladly nods his head and Sasami runs into the ship.

 

"Well Broka, I guess we'll see you in several days."

 

"Yeah...several days," Broka says unsuringly.  Tenchi, Broka and the girls head 
to the house, Broka needing a few things.

 

 

 

In the Hamararaschi, Sasami has just settled in the built-in hot springs and 
relaxes in the hot water.

 

"Wow, this feels great," she says, slowly sinking into the water.  Her 
peacefulness is broken with the sound of the door opening.  She turns around to 
see Miriara
also in a towel walking to the water's edge, "Hi Miriara!"

 

She jumps back at this, "Oh, Sasami, I didn't know you were in here.  You scared 
me."

 

"Sorry, I just wanted to look at a few things before you guys leave tommorow."

 

"That's allright," Miriara steps into the water, "this is a nice ship, isn't 
it."

 

"Yes...it is.  Hey, do you mind if I ask you a personal question?"

 

She giggles, "Shoot."

 

"How come, if you've been with Broka for, how many years," Miriara holds up 
three fingers, "three years, how come you didn't marry him?"

 

Miriara blushes, "Well...why do you want to know?"

 

"Oh, no reason.  I mean he is kinda cute and very nice, and I'm sure he wouldn't 
care if you were a robot or not."

 

She gives an evil smile, "Oh, he doesn't care," she snaps out of it when Sasami 
is staring at her, "I-I-I mean, he wouldn't.  It's just that, well, when he 
built me, he
wasn't interested in love then, he was a lone wolf, a danger man, he didn't talk 
to anyone except me, and that was only to give me orders like, 'Miriara, change 
the
course to blah blah blah', 'Miriara, I need a beer', 'Miriara, take your 
clothes..."

 

Uh-oh, she spoke too far...

 

"...to...the...laundromat'," a large sweatdrop appears on her forehead, "maybe 
she's still a little young," she thought to herself.  Then she noticed Sasami, 
looking at
her strangely so she reffered it to a "no".

 

"So...why don't you install that emotion, I'm sure Washu will be able to do it."

 

"No, no.  Broka is still in an emotional state after what his no good parents 
did to him," she squeezes the soap in her hands so hard in pops out, "have you 
ever
heard him at night?"

 

"No...I'm usually asleep by the time he drinks all the sake.  What does he say?"

 

"It's too horrible to say.  But anyway, if someone would do that do me, I'm 
afraid that I would immediately fall in love with him, and that would be taking 
advantage
of him.  Sentimentcy towards other people is my greatest emotion built into me," 
she makes ripples in the water using her fingers.

 

"But I saw what you did when you saw him, it was almost like a soap opera."

 

"You really think so?" Sasami nods, "Even so, something tells me I should stay 
out of this, I don't know what it is, but it's a strong feeling," Sasami looks 
worridly at
her as a teardrop falls down her cheek, she swims over to comfort her.

 

"There, there Miriara, it's okay."

 

Miriara wipes her tear away, "Thank you Sasami.  But, even if I wanted to marry 
him, I can't leave this ship or all my circuits will fry," they both start 
chuckling. 
Sasami swims a little distance away from her.

 

"So, what are you going to do now?"

 

"I don't know.  It's all up to Lord Broka."

 

**********************

 

In the house, a suspicious character quickly goes through tons of clothes, 
stuffing them into suitcases.  The person slams the case shut, and starts to go 
through
another suitcase.  All of a sudden, the door swings open, and Mihoshi leaps at 
the person.

 

"Stop right there you burglar!" Mihoshi yells as she lands on the person.  
Several 'oofs' and grunts come from the two rolling people as they hit the 
wall...hard. 
Mihoshi is not dazed however, and she quickly handcuffs the tresspasser.

 

"Wow!  I actually caught someone!  Whoops, almost forgot your rights.  You have 
the right to remain silent..."

 

"GET OFF ME YOU BLONDE IDGIT!"

 

"Boy, you sound a lot like Broka...you have the right to an attorny..." she is 
stopped once again as her handcuffs snap, and Broka throws her off of him.  She 
falls
into the arms of someone near the door.  She opens her eyes to see Tenchi 
straining to hold her up...he ain't Hulk Hogan ya know.  She blushes several 
minutes
before Tenchi can't hold her up any more, and they both drop like a rock.  
Around that time, Ayeka and Ryoko come to see what the fuss was about.  They 
stare in
shock at Tenchi laying over Mihoshi.

 

"Tenchi...ar-are you with..."

 

"Mi-Mi-Mihoshi?" tears swell up in both their eyes.

 

Tenchi can't speak, so Broka does, "Ugh!  No you two!  Mihoshi thought I was a 
burglar and she tried to arrest me so I broke her 'cuffs and threw her off of 
me.  I
guess Tenchi must have heard us banging around and came at the time I threw 
Mihoshi."

 

"Lord Tenchi, is that true," Tenchi nods his head, Ayeka and Ryoko sigh in 
relief.  

 

"Just what are you doing sneaking around like that," Mihoshi asks.

 

"Well if you really want to know, I was planning on leaving."

 

"This late at night...but you have so many places to go to although most of them 
are probably gone by now."

 

"I wanted to get a headstart."

 

"You got all the time in the world."

 

"No, no.  There's this job opening for anyone who can catch the number one 
criminal n the universe.  They get 10,000,000 Jurai and a full-time job as an 
elite guard
for the planet of Huro."

 

"But that will mean that..." Broka nods his head.

 

Ayeka and Ryoko, being Ayeka and Ryoko, quickly started throwing all the items 
into suitcases.

 

"Well...don't want to keep you waiting."

 

"Yes, musn't keep you waiting," the two continue to stuff numerous items into 
numerous suitcases, all three watching start to sweat.

 

"Are you sure you want to do this Broka," Tenchi asks.

 

"Yeah, I think it would be the better thing to do," Broka holds out his hand, 
Tenchi grabs it and shakes it.  Mihoshi even gives him a goodbye hug, then Broka 
turns
to the two stuffers, who right now are trying to get the bed into a suitcase.

 

"I ain't even going to try to get a goodbye from those two," he walks over and 
grabs the suitcases he needed and starts to head out the door.  On the way 
there, he
meets Washu.

 

"That's a lot of stuff for a long trip."

 

"Very long trip," Broka says.  It takes several seconds for Washu to get what he 
meant.  The little genius almost looks disappointed, then holds out her hand for
goodbye.  Broka shakes it, then turns for his ship.  On his way there, the door 
of the ship shoots open, and Sasami walks out with Miriara, Broka, not wanting 
to tell
Sasami, throws all of his stuff into the air.  It fades out of sight as it goes 
higher.

 

"Hi Broka...are you leaving now?"

 

"Oh, oh, no.  Just checking on a few things."

 

"OK, well...I'll see you tommorow morning, goodnight!"

 

"Goodnight Sasami," he watches the little princess sprint into the house.  
Miriara walks up to Broka and holds his hand.  At once both of them 
blush...before the
sound of several hundred pounds of luggage land on their heads.

 

"Let me guess...we're not coming back," Miriara says, underneath a pile of 
clothes.

 

"You guessed it," a painful Broka replies.

 

***********************

 

Morning at the Masaki house, everyone is in their normal seats, except for 
Broka, who Sasami can't help but stare at his seat.

 

"I thought he was going to stay for one more breakfast," she says, teary-eyed.

 

Tenchi, also not wanting to tell Sasami, "I'm sure he just wanted to get things 
done quicker, that's all," all the girls except for Sasami stare at him, even 
Tenchi didn't
lie to Sasami.

 

Sasami sets her chopsticks down, "I'm not hungry anymore," and gets up and heads 
upstairs.

 

Washu looks at her rice, and says, "Me either," and walks into her lab.

 

"Jeez, one person leaves and everybody dies," Ryoko says, Tenchi can only glare 
at her, "of course, he was a very NICE person...hehehehehe," Tenchi sighs and
continues his breakfast.

 

 

Several planets away, the Hamararaschi streams by the multi-colored rings.  
Broka looks out at them and sighs.  Miriara, wearing nothing but a robe, walks 
behind
him and places her hand on his shoulder.

 

"Are you sure you want to do this Lord Broka?  I mean, they treated you like 
real family...real family."

 

"Yes I'm sure.  I was such a burden to them, being the last of my race I am 
hated by all and the saiyans had so many enemies that there were so many attacks 
made
against them, and it was all because of me."

 

Miriara kneels down and places her head on his shoulder, "You're a burden only 
if you think you're a burden.  They love you like you were their brother and I'm
sure they understand about your race," she smiles, "besides, you killed all the 
enemies left of the saiyans, so there's really nothing to worry about."

 

"I just don't know," he rests his head against hers.

 

"Do you really want to kill again to live...is bounty hunting what you want to 
do again?"

 

"I'm not bounty hunting...I'm finding the most wanted criminal, bringing him 
down, collect my reward, then get a full-time job from it."

 

"Sounds like bounty hunting to me," Broka gets upset from this comment, and 
storms out of the cockpit, "where are you going?"

 

"Bed!  What does it look like," he yells in a very annoyed voice.

 

"Remember Lord Broka...your friends and family will love you for who you are, 
not your pity or your grief, but for how you treat them and care for them as you
would anyone else special to you," in the darkness, a tear sheds from Broka's 
eye, he furiously wipes it away, and storms into the hallway.  Miriara just 
watches him
while a tear rolls down her cheek, "Please Lord Broka, go back to them...I don't 
want to see you this way again," she starts giving little sobs before putting 
her head
in her arms and weeping sadly.

 

******************** 

 

Once again, Tenchi and the girls have sat down and started eating dinner.  
Sasami seems to be over Broka leaving, although no one has told her that he 
wasn't coming back.  Washu
however, hasn't been in her lab for five days, and she keeps going outside to 
work around the house.  Nonetheless, they are all quiet, when something 
unexpected happens.

 

<Boy, this food is good.

 

"It sure is," Tenchi says.  He looks up to see everyone is staring at him.

 

"Uh, who are you talking to Tenchi," Ayeka says.

 

"Didn't one of you say that this food is good?" they all shake their heads.

 

<You know Tenchi, you could be a little more conspicuous with them.

 

"Who said that," Tenchi stands up and looks around, no one.

 

"Tenchi, are you feeling all right, you look a little pale?"

 

 "No, I'm fine.  I could have swore I heard someone."

 

<You did you big wuss.  

 

Tenchi starts to flip his head from side to side.

 

"Uh, Tenchi, why don't you go lay down for a few minutes," Washu says, taking 
Tenchi's hand and pulling up the stairs.

 

<All right!  It's about time!  She's not like Ayeka, Ryoko, or Mihoshi though, 
but who cares!

 

Tenchi resists for a few seconds before Washu pulls on his arm again.

 

"Come on, I think I know what's wrong with you," she continues to drag him to 
his room.

 

 

 

In Tenchi's room, Tenchi is once again tied up like a dog, except this time he 
has on all his clothes.

 

<Well, I'd prefer to be the tier, not the tied.

 

"Washu, this guy is really annoying me."

 

"Hold on.I've almost reached this 'guy' you keep talking about."

 

<Hey, what's this?

 

"Well, well, well.this is most interesting.  Hey Tenchi, has this guy bothered 
you before?"

 

"No, otherwise I would have started talking to him sooner.  What is it?"

 

"Remember the Katarang," Tenchi nods his head, "remember Teka," Tenchi nods 
again, "well, it's him."

 

"What?!"

 

<Good boy, you figured it out.  Now, get to the good part.

 

Tenchi growls, "You mean that selfish fusion is part of my brain?"

 

"Well, not exactly.  Think of him more as someone's spirit locked up in your 
brain, you can hear them, and they can see what you see, taste what you taste, 
smell
what you smell," she looks down Tenchi and smiles, "feel what you feel," she 
reaches towards Tenchi.

 

"WASHU!"

 

<Don't try and resist.  I've been waiting two months for this.

 

"Don't worry Tenchi.  You'd make too much noise and heaven forbid Ayeka or Ryoko 
would come up here if I tried anything."

 

<Oh well.  It'll happen sooner or later.

 

Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief, "So, is there any way to get rid of him?"

 

"Nope, he'll come and go as he pleases.  I betcha he's already left."

 

Tenchi waits for a couple minutes, "You're right, he isn't there anymore."

 

"What did I tell you," she presses a button and the coils release Tenchi.  "Now, 
if you'll excuse me, Sasami needs me to help her with the dishes," she starts 
down
the stairs to the kitchen.

 

"I wonder what's the matter with Washu," Tenchi thinks to himself.

 

<Probably mad that she didn't get her sample.

 

Tenchi sighs and goes downstairs.

 

********************************

 

 Two weeks has passed since Broka has left and there hasn't been a sign of him.  
Washu has even checked her satellite for any signs of him but nothing has come
up.  They're afraid that he was serious.  However, they just couldn't tell 
Sasami, so they furiously come up with a solution to break it to her.

 

"Tell her his ship exploded," was the first idea from who else, Ryoko.

 

"Sure, why don't you tell her that her parents have totally forgotten about her 
too," Washu's reply was.

 

They kept pondering what to tell her, although it was only six months months, he 
quickly beame a member of the family, not as quick as the girls though.

 

"I think we should just tell her the truth, it would be the better way to go," 
Tenchi's idea was.

 

"Yes it is, but she will feel bad for a few days, so better to tell her as soon 
as possible," Ayeka says.  They all get up to go tell Sasami.  She is outside 
throwing a ball
around with Ryo-Ohki in her human form.

 

"Sasami, we need to tell you something."

 

She stops and runs over to them, "Yes?  What is it?"

 

"Uh.Tenchi, why don't you tell her," Ayeka shoves Tenchi in front of her.

 

"Um.well Sasami.we don't know how to say this but Broka.is." Sasami interrupts 
Tenchi.

 

"Is he on his way here?  That's great, I'll go start a big dinner for them," she 
runs towards the house.  Ayeka puts a hand out and stops her.

 

"No Sasami, he's not." she's stopped by a humongous sound booming across the 
ground.  They look up to see an extremely large spacecraft landing in the lake.

 

"No, it can't be."

 

".but I thought he would never."

 

The door flys open and a large figure steps out, as the light shines down on the 
figure, it is wearing.a hawaiian shirt and boxers, sandals, and has sunglasses 
on, he
yells out.

 

"LUCY, I'M HOME!"

 

"Welcome home Broka!  It's about time, you were starting to worry us," Sasami 
cries out.  The others can only stare in amazement at the completely tan saiyan.

 

"Sorry Sasami, I stopped at Abasion for several days, just to catch up on some 
tanning, but.I'm baaacckk."

 

Surprisingly, Ayeka and Ryoko are the next to get up to Broka.

 

"You could have STAYED a little longer, we wouldn't have minded," Ayeka says 
sarcastically.

 

"Yes, we wouldn't have MIND for you to stay several more weeks, or a few years," 
Ryoko says, also sarcastically.  Both of them sweat and step back when they see
him looking at them with almost lovingly eyes.almost.

 

"Oh.I'm.SO GLAD TO SEE YOU TOO," he takes one in each arm and starts to hug 
them.  Tenchi smiles at how they get along.until Washu taps his
shoulder and points out that Ryoko and Ayeka's faces are turning blue and every 
bone in their back has started to snap.

 

"OK Broka, I think they get the point," Tenchi pleaded.

 

With every other sylable Broka squeezes harder, and harder, "Oh NO, I SIMPly 
MUSTshow THEM how MUCH I CARE." Pretty soon, Ayeka and Ryoko have
lost consciousness and just lay limp in the saiyans arms.  He drops them and 
turns to his ship, "Hey Miriara!  Send all my stuff in my room!"

 

"YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING!  THAT PUNY ROOM WON'T HOLD ALL YOUR STUFF!"

 

"She's a little mad.I wouldn't stop at her favorite restraunt.  Could you at 
least send me some of it!?"

 

"GET IT YOURSELF!" all of a sudden tons of clothes and junk fall in front of 
him.

 

"Thanks." he says reluctantly and heads towards the house.  Everyone watches him 
pick the stuff up with one hand and walk to the house.  They just sigh and
watch as the ship shoots out several drills and digs itself into the ground.

 

"Back to normal I guess," Tenchi says, picking up Ryoko.

 

"Yep, I guess so," Mihoshi answers back, dragging Ayeka.

 

***************************************

 

Somewhere deep in space, a black ship has stopped at a spaceport.  All of a 
sudden, the ship itself seems to shoot out part of itself as if striking with a 
sword.  The
port is no match.  It is slowly taken over.  Another part of the black ship 
shoots out a round tube, connecting itself to the spaceport.  Through the port, 
a large dark
figure flys through it.  As it lands in the port, it slowly walks down a large 
cooridor, until three guards show up, in their hands is a large, thick, wooden 
stick.

 

"Stop demon!  In the name of Jurai!" the figure stops, and points a finger at 
one of the guards.  A thin energy beam shoots from it, penetrating one of the 
guards in
the heart.  The guard slumps over and dies.

 

"AAAHHHHH!" one of the guards runs at the figure.  He swings his stick and 
harshly hits the chest of of the figure.and it shatters on impact.  The guard 
doesn't
have time to react as the demon's hand wraps around his neck and effortessly 
lifts him above his head.  The guard seems to shrivel up in the dark glow 
wrapping
around him, and his skin and bones become merely dust in seconds.  The other 
guard understands his chances, and makes a run for it.only to be stopped by a
large hand on his face.  The demon once again lifts the guard up and drains away 
his energy, leaving a pile of dust.

 

"Ahhhh.one-hundred thousand years and I still have the edge," he swings his 
cloak around and heads through a door.  Inside is a large computer room, somehow
has survived the attack.  His clock seems to shoot out tentacles just like the 
ship does, connecting to the computer.  Tons of lines of information run through 
the
screen, the figure smiles at the information he has just received.

 

"Well, well.  That's where they are.  Normally I would have attacked the king 
but he seems to be a better target.  What's this.oh.two for the price of one, 
isn't
this interesting.  Maybe I'll have more of a challenge then I thought," he gives 
off low chuckles, which quickly grows into maniacal maughter, which could be 
heard
across the universe.

 

***************************************

 

Sorry to give you guy's hopes up, but I need him for several important factors, 
saying, next episode and something a little more then that :p

NEXT EPISODE:  It's a secret :)
