***This Fanfic is written without the permission of both Pioneer and AIC but I'm 
not selling it so please do not sue me. Actually what you can do Pioneer and AIC 
is reopen sales of Tenchi in the UK (you know how much it costs to get the stuff 
from America!!!!!!!) PLEASE!!!! ***

No need for watching 4.

The night was getting old on Thanthos, the locals staggered back from a long, 
hard night of drinking to their homes, in between the crowds of drunks a man 
walked in a long black cloak under which was a jet black jump suit, the suit of 
the Black ops. Walking through the crowd he moved to a side street.

Checking that the coast was clear he tapped a small bead next to his ear. 
Looking round the corner back onto the main street he looked up the road he saw 
the massive Thanthos arena.

"543, I'm 25 meters from target over" the man whispered.
"212 we're moving to west wing, we'll be moving down your route in about 2 min" 
came the reply from 543, the leader.
"BO 5 be advised Jurai representative will be arriving in planet's orbit within 
15 minutes" said a new voice, the operator.
"Copy that HQ," said the leader again.

He waited a couple of seconds, acting out drunk, hurling into the gutter to any 
passers by. After about 5 minutes the communications net came back to life.

"Presents have been delivered, withdrawing, repeat withdrawing 212, and be 
prepared for us over"
"Roger, HQ this is 212, request exfil point to be activated at co-ordinates 
21,34,21 over"
"Co-ords noted and entered, Dark Horse has been notified ETA 5 mins" the 
operator replied.

He looked down the road to see three individuals, dressed like him run up the 
road towards him.

"Lets go, the shows going to start in 2 mins," hissed the leader of the group, 
black ops uniform now fully on him. 212 nodded and moved on with them. 
They ran up the alley to a quiet corner.
"Right, check yourself first before you port out to the exfil point okay" said 
the leader as he opened the portal, shoving the youngest member in first then 
going up the age and experience order, ending up with himself.

A minute after the leader had walked through the portal; there was colossal 
explosion lighting up the night for 30 seconds as the concentrated explosives 
practically demolished the Arena, destroying all evidence of what had happened 
with it.

The area they had teleported to was a field in pitch darkness, all that could be 
seen was the red-lighted personnel cabin of the Dimensional transport, the crew 
chief waving with a flashlight for two seconds. All that could be heard was the 
scream of the engines as the group ran over to the transport and clambered 
aboard.

The leader ripped off his mask, breathing deeply as the transport lifted off the 
ground.

"Get a message to Commander McCann, target 1 is abolished" he shouted as the 
crew chief slammed the external door shut.




"Aggg!" cried Gary as Ryoko tried to push him through a door, even though the 
plastered arm stuck out making ordinary ways of getting through doors 
impossible.
"Dammit Gary common you're blocking the bathroom!" shouted Ryoko angrily.
"Stop trying to break my arm all over again then and give me some time to get 
out!" said Gary quietly as Ryoko stopped shoving.

"Gary a visitor outside for you!" shouted up Sassami.
"I'll get round to it when Ryoko has stopped trying to rip me a new one!" 
shouted back Gary as he Glared at Ryoko.

"Thank god Washu's taking it off today" Gary mumbled to himself as he went down 
the stairs.

"Sassami where's Yosho and Nobiyuki?" Gary asked before he went to meet the 
visitor.
"Oh they're out in Tokyo for some big donation to the Tokyo shrine, won't be 
back for three days".

Gary put his shoes on and walked outside to see who the visitor was, he closed 
the door behind him as soon as he saw it was McCann.

"Lets walk" McCann smiled.

"You've been causing quite a lot of trouble back at HQ Gary," said McCann "Had 
to do some clearing up"
"Oh so you got word of what happened at Thanthos?" grinned Gary sheepishly.
"You got quite a girlfriend there, with tendencies to get off with you as she 
takes your life!" Laughed McCann "That and her father is at the head of one of 
the most powerful empires in the Universe that nearly went to war with our boys"
"What?" said Gary bemused at the speed of events.
"Well we got word of your appearance with the 2nd Princess on Thanthos, Jurai 
got in touch with us asking for confirmation, we stalled, then we got another 
message adding that the 1st Princess was on the planet as well, then in the same 
day we got photos from Watcher no.1732 of the last fight between you and Ayeka. 
A that point Gary, we were kinda beyond crisis point"
"I could understand" nodded Gary.
"As expected, Jurai got a hold of the rumors and demanded that we give them you 
for charges of treason.  We stalled again saying that we still didn't have 
confirmation of those rumors, then we didn't have any choice"
"What did you do?"
"We couldn't lose you because you're vital to our plans for this dimension, that 
and Washu wouldn't forgive us" he laughed nervously looking up and around for 
something
"She's sleeping" frowned Gary.
 "Oh" blinked McCann "anyway, so we sent a couple of Black ops squads to clear 
up the path from that ship you landed on to Thanthos where the Mayoral palace, 
Thanthos arena and Thanthos central records office holding all records of this 
years 'Activities' were suddenly blown to the ground by suspicious explosions"
"So you saved my arse out there," laughed Gary.
"Yep" nodded McCann "And when the Jurai got there, no records were left to back 
up any of the allegations against you so they dropped the charges" McCann 
stopped and faced Gary "And so now you're officially dead we can restart you as 
a Royal Protection Officer under the eyes of the Jurai"
"Thanks Commander I'm proud to be back" Gary beamed as he shook McCann's hand 
warmly.
"No problem, remember you owe me œ50 for the F.A. cup semi-final bet" laughed 
McCann as he walked off.
"Yeah sur-hey!" shouted Gary as McCann disappeared from view, seeing a massive 
transport plane rise up then fly through a waiting dimension portal. Gary 
sighed.

"But I was going to spend all that on pay per view football* matches" moaned 
Gary as he trudged back to the house.



"Hi Tenchi, Hi Ms. Ayeka" said Gary glumly as he slotted through the door. He 
trudged past the pair as they sat on the sofa in front of the TV.

"What's wrong with?" said Ayeka as she watched Gary crawl up the stairs.
"Last week during the Soccer match" Tenchi said with a smile "he made a bet on 
the phone with a friend of his for about 10000 Yen, guess he lost".
"Oh Gary, he's so funny when he is like that" giggled Ayeka.
"Yeah" Tenchi agreed, "You care for him though?"
"Why of course I do Lord Tenchi, like I do for you"

Gary came back down the stairs and slotted into Washu's room. He came back out 
about 5 minutes later with his cast gone, rubbing his healed arm. He walked back 
upstairs.

"But I thought you were after me?" said Tenchi puzzled
Ayeka sighed "I was Lord Tenchi, and I still have feelings for you" she blushed 
at that "But when I thought of what would happen, the fact that if we ever 
married, you would have to get used to the tradition and the prejudices of the 
Court and above all my father. And I know that you would never like that at all 
Tenchi"
"So what are you going to do with Gary?"
"We are attracted to each other I know that but we are giving it time" she 
smiled then blushed "I shouldn't be telling you that!"

Gary came down stairs with a cooking apron titled 'Rugby Players do it better'. 
"What are you doing wearing that!" giggled Ayeka as she looked at what he was 
wearing.
"I'm gonna teach Sassami to cook some British dishes" he said in a heroic movie 
style voice "Come thee fair maiden and I shall take you to a culinary 
wonderland!"
"Thank you Gary but I'll pass this time" she smiled softly, blushing a bit.
"Oh well your loss" he beamed as he walked into the kitchen.


"I don't get it," said Ryoko as she talked to Washu in her lab watching Gary 
leave with his cast off "he always sees this man in a suit every week!"

"Yeah and he always gives him a big wooden box?" said Washu as she stared at the 
screen "Man this version of ICQ is so outdated!" she grumbled to herself.

"Uhuh, why?" smiled Ryoko "do you know what's inside these boxes?"
"Yeah, Guinness, Western Sake, those handy travel board games, Pringles, cheese 
and onion crisps, minidisks with some of his favorite music to accompany his 
Minidisk player that he got last week and bottles of Dr. Pepper"
"That it?" blinked Ryoko "What kind of Sake he got?"
"Famous Grouse and Jack Daniels whiskey why?"
Ryoko's eyes beamed. She disappeared as she beamed to Gary's room.
"Damn if this Windows 98 is meant to be a game then I hate it! I have to restart 
every half hour!"


"Now you now know why its called 'toad in the hole' and how to make the special 
mix that makes it so crispy, the rest is really a simple matter of placing the 
mix with sausages into the oven and leaving there for hmmm about till its about 
ready" said Gary as he let Sassami place the tray into the oven.

"What other dishes do you know?" said Sassami looking up.
"Well, Battered fish and fried chips, erm sausage in batter, and even Battered 
mars bars!" 
"Yuk Mars bars!" laughed Sassami.
"Yeah I know, tell you what Sassami, its Sunday tomorrow, how about we cook a 
special Sunday Roast?"
"But we don't an animal to cook" said Sassami disappointingly.
Gary then looked over at Ryo-ohki evilly "maybe we could." Ryo-Oki gasped and 
ran off into the living room "nah".
"Do you eat any of our food where you come from?" asked Sassami.
"Yeah a couple of times, even had Sushi, though I'm more accustomed to Indian 
cooking" he clicked his fingers "Got it! Leave the eating instruments and the 
meat to me, you just make sure you can get carrots, cabbage, potatoes to roast 
and boil and some Swede and parsnip, can you get that here?"
"Well I think so why?"
"What meat do you want to eat tomorrow, New Zealand Lamb or Scottish Beef?" 
grinned Gary.
"What about the toad in the hole?" asked Sassami?
"We'll see how that turns out, it's our first try so I'm not really expecting 
much" he smiled lifting up Sassami onto his shoulders "all we're focusing on 
right now is to see what Vegetables we can get a hold of for tomorrow".


"Wow so he knows all that about us?" said Tenchi in amazement "it's a wonder 
what they do with all that information".
"He knows something about what'll happen to you in future but he can't say" 
nodded Ayeka.
"Does he even know a lot Washu?" asked Gary.
"Yes he does, they even met when she was thinking of making Ryoko" she smiled 
"they go back a long way"
"I could see that, they get drunk nearly every night!" laughed Tenchi.
"They also play this game called Counter-Strike, most strange" Ayeka smiled.
"So that's why Gary wakes up at midday!" joked Tenchi.
Ayeka giggled quietly "The funniest thing is though, he's my protector and 
nothing else,  but he acts nothing like his role describes him to be".


"Aww damn!" cursed Gary as he plonked the tray which held the burning Toad in 
the hole onto a heat proof tray before opening a window next to it to let it 
cool  "We burnt it!"
"That's a pity," said Sassami as she put the list of vegetables to cook in her 
pocket.
"Good thing I paid for it!" Gary said to himself "oh well I'll wash this and go 
to my room for some reading, you may as well work your cooking magic" he smiled 
as he went over to the sink to put the baking tin in to soak.
"Sure thing, I will give you a shout when ready" beamed Sassami.

After he did the washing up he walked over to the telephone in the hall, on his 
way he looked over his shoulder a couple of times, thinking there was a shadow 
following him. After reassuring himself he picked up the phone and dialed his 
number.

"Hey Jim its Gaz, yeah you know you owe me and boys at HQ some meat right, well 
I wanna call in the favor. Yep if you could drop it off at security and tell 
them to give it to Commander McCann saying Gary sent it, and he'll send it to 
me" he said down the phone line "Ah cheers mate you're a lifesaver, seeya mate 
bye" he put the phone went into his room. He looked at the wooden crate.

"Ah you beut!" he said to himself as he opened the crate up and pulled out the 
minidisk collection.
His head though took an unnecessary trip to the ceiling however when he jumped 5 
feet into the air when Ryoko behind him said "hi there!"

"Ouch!" he moaned, now on the floor "Wha-what you doing here"
"Just popping in to see my favorite Englishman" she said walking over to the 
crate "Well what do we have here"
"Erm, oh bugger!" he said quietly as he looked up at her, dressed in her usual 
seductive style and weirdly holding 2 shot glasses "fancy a drink" she said with 
a perfect smile.
Gary just looked up "oh well can't hoard it when you've got a person who can 
phase through objects".


"Dinner is ready!" shouted Sassami as she laid the table with today's delectable 
food.
"Where's Gary?" said Tenchi as he got up.
"Probably up in his room" Ayeka said "I'll go get him"

Ayeka walked up the stairs "he must be working on a surprise, he's drifted in 
and out all day" she smiled to herself as she knocked on the door.

"Gary dinner is ready a." Ayeka stopped as she saw Gary asleep on the floor with 
Ryoko asleep on top of him.
"Aggg!" she shouted, "I knew it! Not satisfied with trying to get between me and 
Tenchi huh but Gary as well!" she ran over, grabbed Ryoko by the collar and 
started shaking her violently.
"H-h-hey!" Ryoko jumped as she was shook "w-wha-wha-whats the big idea"
"I can't believe you could do this!" shouted Ayeka as she shook Ryoko harder.

All this commotion woke Gary up he saw Ryoko being shaken quite comically by 
Ayeka and shouted down stairs sleepily:

"Tenchi is there a reason why two beautiful women should be fighting in my room"


After Tenchi and Gary had split the two up and Ryoko had explained why she was 
in Gary's room with him everything was kind of calm. Although there was a bit of 
tension at dinner, Gary saying nothing, focusing on the dinner. Ayeka glared at 
Ryoko from time to time. Tenchi and Sassami just shrugged.

Later Gary was teaching Sassami how to read English when a portal opened next to 
his head.

"Special delivery" chimed a computer from the portal.
Gary turned and put an arm into the portal taking out a large, frozen leg of 
lamb.
"Wow you can do that!" laughed Sassami as she looked up.
"Yeah, got some special favors back home, now lets put this in the sink to 
defrost for the night naturally, keep it in its shrink wrapping for the moment 
so it won't go bad".
" I wish I could use that glove, I'd be extra careful with it" said Sassami with 
pleading eyes.
"Well I can't let you have it for long, but I'll teach you how to use it"
"yay!" said Sassami as he picked her up and they walked outside.

"Now you've got it on it should adjust to the owners hand measurements" he said 
as the glove shrunk and tightened round Sassami's hand.
"Now sweep your hand in front of your face hand horizontally flat in front of 
you" 
Sassami did it with the grace of the Princess.
"Now watch" he smiled as he picked up a big rock.
"Er Gary are you sure?" said Sassami taking a step back.
"Yep stay still" he grinned as he threw the rock as hard as he could. Sassami 
cringed as the rock was thrown at her, but didn't feel the impact as she saw a 
dull, dark blue flash in front of her as the rock bounced off the shield that 
she had put up.
"There you go the first basic, self defense. One sweep to the left over one of 
the three of the body areas, front body, back and head. Then one sweep to the 
right to deactivate it."
Sassami sighed relief as Gary continued.
"Now this baby can take near enough anything, but it only stops the actual 
damage that the blow would deal to you not the force and so if lets say you were 
hit by a train, you wouldn't actually take the damage of the head on impact but 
you'd still fly back by the force of the impact" explained Gary as he threw a 
succession of rocks and other large objects at Sassami's shield.
After the shield was turned off, Gary went on to the next part.

"Teleportation" Gary said as Sassami's eyes lit up.
"Right lets teleport you to that point over there" he pointed to a big tree on 
the other side of the lake "To activate the startup sequence, ball up your 
summoning hand then thrust it forward".
Sassami did this and the Dim-e lit up.
"Now using your fingers on both hands display these numbers: 4,9,4,1,1,7"
Sassami did this in rapid succession and a portal opened up in front of her. 
Gary walked over a poked his head inside, then said "go on its safe".
Sassami walked through it and appeared on the other side of the lake.
"Wopee!" she shouted from her side of the lake.
"Right walk back through the portal" shouted Gary.

Sassami appeared back next to Gary. 

"This is so cool" giggled Sassami.
"Hey maybe you'll need this sometime, even to save any one of us" said Gary as 
he looked down. 

Sassami smiled nervously as he pressed his recall button and the Dim-e 
reappeared on his hands.
"Lets get some sleep, we've got a lot of work to do tomorrow" Sassami smiled as 
she walked back inside.
"Yeah sure, goodnight Sassami" replied Gary.


The next day started with Gary and Sassami running down stairs to check on the 
Leg of Lamb. Perfectly defrosted. Gary suggested that Sassami should get some 
herbs, cut them up and stick them in various parts of the Lamb. After that Gary 
left to do his daily chores.

Ayeka got up and wandered around for a bit, seeing that Gary was already out 
doing chores and Sassami was busy cooking something she decided to go do her 
chores. Ryoko however was up to more sinister stuff.

"Huh?" she said as she picked up the Minidisk player "He listens to this!" she 
said as she threw it behind her onto the bed (thankfully) as she searched the 
wooden box. "Ugh" she though as she saw several six packs of Guinness "aha!" she 
smiled as she saw the Whiskey at the bottom reaching down she heard the door 
open. Quickly disappearing into her sleeping place in the rafters of the house. 
Gary stepped in with a dust buster.

"Heh I guess Ryoko likes whiskey" he smiled as he started to tidy his room.



Washu was in her Lab "At last!" she shouted at the top of her voice as she 
raised an object into the air "the answer for the greatest question of the 
universe: How do you set a VCR!" she said as she pressed a button on the object 
in her hand. Then on the small TV screen with a VCR unit under it came a 
message.
"Time for program at 18:00 set"

"Yes!" shouted Washu triumphantly as she leapt into the air "Now to mass produce 
this device and sell it to the world for tons of cash!" she laughed as she 
turned around. Straight into the face of Mihoshi.

"Hi" she smiled blankly "Whatcha doing?"
"Di di! Erm I..I mean Mihoshi!" Washu said as she gasped in surprise "How did 
you get in here?"
"By the front door stupid" she grinned as she bent down "wow what's that you 
got" 
"Nothing, you don't wanna see this-hey!" Washu said, annoyed as Mihoshi grabbed 
the remote from her child hands.
"Wow wee!" Mihoshi shirked dumbfounded "What does this button do!" she said 
quietly, looking at the only other button on the remote, a big red button with 
warning stickers all around it"
As soon as Washu saw what Mihoshi was about to she tried to jump up to grab the 
remote away from Mihoshi, but was in vain.
"No! You'll kill us-"


"Did you hear that?" asked Tenchi as he brought in the last of the vegetables 
that Sassami wanted.
"No what was it that you heard?" Asked Sassami as she chopped up carrots and 
slipped them in a saucepan of boiling water. 
"A dull thud" shrugged Tenchi "Must've been nothing" he looked at the wide range 
of food available "wow what's all this?"
"It's a surprise, me and Gary are organizing it" smiled Sassami as she finished 
chopping up the carrots and then starting with the Swede "Roast leg of Lamb with 
roast potatoes and vegetables"
"That's going to surprise Ayeka and Ryoko" nodded Tenchi as he looked through 
the oven window "I don't think they've even heard of roast lamb"
"Don't worry," giggled Sassami "they'll be okay". She thought for a second 
"where is Ryoko? I haven't seen her all day"


Gary finished packing away all his stuff back in his box.

"Right, I've sorted out my chores, all I have to do is.." He stopped for a 
second, as he smelt sawdust, picking up the box a bit saw a hole being sawed 
from below. He grinned evilly for a second as he cast a portal over the hole, 
almost certain who was going to pop her head up

Meanwhile in the Houses of Parliament, Great Britain.

"Now Mr. Blair is the weakest link goodbye!" shouted William Hague, the 
opposition leader to the roar of his party around him. He then sat down on the 
opposition side of the house as Tony Blair stood up to make a response (That's 
all that really happens in the British parliament, name calling, taunting and 
the like).

"Mr. Speaker this man is an imbecile for quoting a well known BBC quiz show 
phase well after I had done it myself-" he didn't finish his sentence as a head 
popped up from the dispatch box where he put all his Reponses to questions on. 
Everyone gasped as a head of a very beautiful, golden-eyed girl with cyan spiked 
hair looked around.

"Erm anyone got Whiskey?"

Mr. Blair, nearly wetting himself he was so scared was rugby tackled by about 
twenty armed policemen and special branch as they screamed "Intruder! Save the 
Prime Minister!" as the rest of the house (about 500 MPs) looked on, bemused 
then roared in laughter as the girl, clearly harmless froze, looked around and 
ducked back down.

When she ducked back out and looked around again to see she was back home she 
sighed a breath of relief, the portal closed to see Gary on the floor in 
hysterics.

"Dammit!" she cursed, "that was you wasn't it!" 
"Y-yeah!" he managed, nearly crying he was laughing so hard "K-Keep away from m-
my Sake!" he said in hysterical laughter. Ryoko fumed and floated downstairs.

Gary after recovering ran downstairs to join Sassami 

"how's it going?"
"Great!" beamed Sassami, this dinner the pinnacle of her cooking career "the 
Lamb is cooking nicely, all the vegetables are now cooking and I've started on 
the gravy, should be all ready in about 30 mins"
"Good I'll get the table ready then" nodded Gary "Sure you'll okay here?"
"Yes, I am of course the best cook in the house!" boasted Sassami.
Gary smiled as he walked out; he started to make the simple dinner table into 
one that would be worthy of being used by the Queen herself. First putting the 
under sheet on the table, then the table cloth over that, then each table mat 
with coaster for drinks. 

Then the plates, the knives and forks (as they were only going to have the main 
course first only one pair were needed). Then after that the special trays for 
the vegetables were laid out with serving spoons next to them. All that was 
needed now were the napkins, the wine tray, the plates (being heated in the 
microwave) and the food. He smiled to himself 

"Haven't done this for years" said nostalgically as he sharpened up the carving 
knife.

Just as he started to do that there was a crash as Washu's door under the 
stairs, out of which crawled Mihoshi, covered in filth from head to toe. An 
extremely annoyed Washu followed her.

"Hey Washu, how nice of us to join us, maybe you two should take a bath"
"I'll kill her" was all she said in between breaths of anger "I'll.kill.her"
Gary raised an eyebrow "who she talking about Mihoshi?" 
"Erm.I don't know" lied Mihoshi unconvincingly.


"Dinner's ready!" shouted Sassami. Everyone filled into the Dining room and to 
everybody's surprise it was fully laden with plates, with specially folded 
napkins on top, special silver cutlery, several trays with carrots, cabbage, 
parsnip and Swede. There was also a shiny tray with red wine, water and the 
sparkling blackcurrant stuff that you can get. A shining silver gravy boat sat 
in its own special holder and at the top of the table was Gary at the top with 
Carving knife and a nicely cooked and large piece of meat on a large plate.

"What's happening here" asked Ryoko as she sat down looking up and down the 
table? 
"Its our surprise silly" giggled Sassami, she was sitting near Gary at the top.
"What is for dinner exactly?" asked Ayeka, looking at some of the more 'exotic' 
of the vegetables.
"A traditional British roast dinner, Leg of Lamb, cooked to perfection I might 
add by our master chef here Sassami"
Sassami bowed sheepishly to the clapping of everyone.
"But how did you get any of this without leaving the house?" Ayeka wondered as 
she sat down.
"Well I pulled a couple of favors in and got the meat, cutlery and stuff in last 
night" he smiled over to Tenchi "I thought, as you people have given me such a 
nice reception over the last couple of weeks I thought this would be a great way 
to repay your hospitality"
"Well thanks, you and Sassami must've done a lot to get this ready in time" 
smiled Tenchi "Now lets get it served before it gets cold".

So they had dinner, they enjoyed it, Ryoko, Washu and Gary got severely drunk 
after much nagging, he finally brought a bottle of his prized whiskey down and 
Ayeka enjoyed her first taste of British cooking. Sassami was acknowledged as 
probably the best cook ever known (even better than Jamie Oliver the 'naked' 
chef) and was promptly rewarded with a new book that Gary had got in his box. 
Mihoshi just sat there, trying to figure out why the vegetable called Swede 
didn't come from Sweden. But that problem like the dilemma over why toy cows 
which while they bore an amazing physical size resemblance to cows far on the 
horizon, were totally different altogether. Despite Tenchi's best attempts to 
enlighten her, Mihoshi was no nearer to solving the problem.


Later on in the night when Ryoko chased Tenchi off into a quiet corner, Washu 
had kind of fallen asleep on top of Mihoshi on the settee and Gary had gone off 
to get some water for himself, Ayeka and Sassami walked out into the garden to 
watch the night.

"Did you like your dinner?" asked Sassami as she looked up at her sister, the 
only other person in the house who was still sober.
Ayeka smiled warmly "Of course I did dear sister, do you like your book?"
Sassami nodded "Do I! This will help me learn English" She hugged her elder 
sister softly "Will Gary stay?" she said looking up at Ayeka.
Ayeka thought about this then looked down "I haven't thought about that I don't 
know" She said as she looked through the kitchen window and saw Gary swallow 
large quantities of water then returning to the living room "I don't know" she 
said again.
"I don't want him to leave" Sassami said as she looked up at her sister "he's 
like an uncle to me"
Ayeka looked down and smiled "He's a Royal Protection Officer now, in charge of 
our safety beyond the realms and responsibilities of Azeka and Kamidaki, if he 
leaves, it'll only be for a short time for say a holiday to spend time with his 
family"
Sassami nodded happily and said, "You'll promise he'll stay?"
"I promise"
"Yay!" Sassami said as she hugged Ayeka tightly.
Ayeka giggled to herself as Gary watched from the patio doors.
"Gary" Ayeka smiled as Gary walked out, the water and anti-drunkenness pills 
taking hold on the alcohol on his body.
"Yes" he smiled as he sat down next to the two sisters, ruffling Sassami's hair 
playfully.
"I wish to thank you for your efforts in making a lovely dinner, I enjoyed it 
very much" said Ayeka warmly.
"Hey, Sassami made the dinner, I just got the ingredients and laid the table" 
said Gary sheepishly.
"You way you laid the table out was well planned out, you must have a lot of 
experience" Sassami said as she quirked her head.
"Well when you're studying in a university in London, Waiter is one of the many 
jobs you can do to get extra money" smirked Gary as he looked up at Ayeka. 
Ayeka nodded and looked down at her sister "Sassami dear, its time for bed, say 
goodnight to Uncle Gary"
Sassami giggled quietly to herself and kissed Gary lightly on the cheek before 
skipping off into the house.

"Ah Sassami" he grinned "I know you love me but I am too old" he joked "and have 
my heart set on another woman" he laughed as he picked Ayeka up and sat down.
"Gary you shouldn't do that, it is so forward" laughed Ayeka.
"What?" sniggered Gary "I am not a man of 'those' morals".
Ayeka smiled and hugged Gary lightly, Gary hugged back.
"Are you going to leave?" Ayeka said, breaking the silence. Gary's smile faded 
away as he sighed.
"What is it?" Ayeka said, her smile fading as well.
"Ayeka" he paused as his eyes looked away "I might leave right now if my 
superiors wanted me to. I have no idea what will happen, maybe I will visit my 
parents back ho.." he stopped for a second as he looked back into those deep, 
dark red eyes..
"You're not going to leave us are you?" she said urgently.
"You're eyes" he murmured, "I've never noticed before"
"You haven't?" Ayeka said softly, surprised.
"They remind me of poppies" Smiled Gary softly as he held Ayeka's hands.
"What are they?"
"It's a small, crimson red flower that grows on recently disturbed soil"
Sassami looked out of the patio doors at the couple. 
Ayeka hugged Gary.
"The poppy reminds me of you and your eyes, the Ayeka I love. Beautiful, calm 
and peaceful"
Ayeka held Gary even tighter.
"I won't be going anywhere Ayeka, not right now anyway"
Ayeka smiled softly as she looked up at him "Washu showed me a photo of you in a 
western dinner suit with bow tie and tails" she giggled quietly "you looked 
good"
Suddenly Gary perked up "You think so?" he smiled as he got up, still carrying 
Ayeka. "Yes I thought you looked very handsome" Ayeka said cheerfully. 


Gary carried Ayeka up the stairs, smiling to himself as he saw Sassami's hair 
just disappear from the top of the stairs as she ran back to her room.
"Here we are!" he said as he walked into Ayeka's room. He set Ayeka down on the 
floor gently as Sassami peeked her head from over the covers pretending to be 
asleep.

"You look very majestic in your traditional Jurain dress, very gentle," he said 
as he kneeled up.
"Gary I don't know what to say" blushed Ayeka. Gary knelt down and kissed her 
softly.
Ayeka breathed deeply as he broke the kiss.
"You don't need to say anything"
Ayeka was silent as she blushed in happiness.
"Now go get some sleep with your sister, you've had an exciting evening"
She nodded and snuggled into her bed.
"I love you," she murmured to Gary.
"Me too" he smiled back warmly.

Sassami sighed happily as she snuggled her head into her pillow, happy with the 
scene in front of her.

"Sassami" Ayeka said suspiciously "are you awake?"
"No" Sassami giggled her head was hit playfully with a pillow.
"You little sneak!" Ayeka laughed quietly.



Ryoko smiled as she looked down at Tenchi. She had so much fun playing kiss 
chase with him, even though he didn't really get into the part. Gary had a nice 
time playing Monopoly with Washu, Sassami, Mihoshi and Ayeka. The best part was 
when Sassami had to get a piece that Gary had accidentally choked on when it 
fell into his Whiskey. He was really chewing the plastic piece but he didn't 
want to admit it.

"He was human after all" she sniggered to herself.

She looked back down at Tenchi. She finally had him all to herself, now she 
could take it nice and slowly, no more hurrying around, trying to get one over 
Ayeka. Strange. Now Ayeka was no longer a threat to her but for most of her 
life, she was one of the biggest threats to her life in the Universe next to 
Kagato.

"Now I can finally accept her," she said as she closed her eyes "she can be my 
friend".
When she thought about it, the more she realized why both Ayeka and herself were 
so mean and bitchy to each other. It was love that did that.

Now it was over, the 'war' was over, but nobody was the victor in a way because 
nobody had beaten the other. "Now that's an anti-climax" she laughed in her head 
as she remembered the fight in Baths, the humiliation they both put each other 
through, and how they stuck together when it really mattered. It was that 
friendship that would finally shine through the hate and the competitiveness 
that divided them (though they would still compete in other areas).

She laid down in mid air above Tenchi and closed her eyes.

"Oh Tenchi" she mumbled out loud, waking Tenchi.

He looked up, seeing Ryoko snoring above him, he sighed, rolled his eyes and got 
up. Pushing Ryoko out of his bedroom.

"You'd think this was her room the amount of times I've found her sleeping 
here," he muttered to himself as he got back in bed.


"I can't believe you showed her 'that' picture!" laughed Gary as he downed the 
rest of his Guinness.
"Well you did look nice when you too me to that dinner here on earth" smiled 
Washu sweetly.
"Yeah but I thought we had an agreement on that, I mean I did so much for you 
that night"
"Yeah like what?" Washu said, eyes narrow and a sly grin forming on her lips.
"Well, I paid for the taxi"
"No I did" 
"Damn!" cursed Gary "got me!"
Washu giggled silently for a second.
"Erm.well.. the drinks I paid for"
"Nope
"Aggg" cried Gary "second time!"
Washu's giggle developed into a full blown sadistic fit of laughter.
"Yeah okay that's enough" frowned Gary as he poured himself another Guinness.
"So when's the football on" said Washu as she herself poured another whiskey 
"I've got a lot of Yen riding on this one"
"About half an hour and same here" answered as he read the TV papers "like you 
have any chance of winning of course"
"I have too!" Washu shouted "I've predicted exactly how many goals will be 
scored and there will be 12 throw ins, 5 corners and 1 penalty!"
"I predicted exactly!" taunted Gary in a high-pitched voice "Girl I know 
Manchester United will not lose! They're the strongest team in the league"
"Well we'll see about that!" humped Washu as she looked away.
"Yes we will" Said Gary as he looked away.

Fin

I thought I'd try and develop Gary and Sassami and also get Ryoko back into the 
frame (as I have been neglecting her like Mihoshi but she'll get her moment). 
I'm currently thinking of when to tie up this and focus on something new in the 
Tenchi world. But if it gets reviewed I don't really hold out much hope GULP! 
Cya later guys and gals
