Tenchi Muyo and it's characters belong to Pioneer
Entertainment, Also Traits such as being a super sayian belong
to Dbz and Funimation.  The only character I own is Blaine.
After saying that I give you my FAN FIC!!!!
	Legend: {emotion} <thoughts>  [action] (sound)



TENCHI MUYO! NO NEED
FOR A DIRE SITUATION!!


We open on a stormy night in Washu's laboratory.
Someone seems to be hooked up to some machinery that
keeps them still alive but, only in a state of a coma.  By
the bed Ayeka and Ryoko sit and cry.  The door to the
room flys open and a tall man with long black dread
locks and a thick beard also a tail to signify he is of
sayian heritage.  He looks over the person and realizes it
is Tenchi fighting for dear life. Washu quietly enters and
stands by the sayian.


	Sayian{Angry}: "How long has he been like
this?!!  Dang it, if I had been here sooner I could have
made a difference!!!"

	Washu{Sad}: "There is nothing that I had tried
that had made a difference.  I thought if I got a hold of
you, you...could do something...(Sob)!"

	Ayeka(Crying): "Blaine?? (sniffle) Is that you?"

	Blaine[slams his fist on the table nearby]: "Yeah
it's me.  I want know who had done this?!"

	Ryoko(Crying): "If you did it would not do you
any good!  Kagato is just too strong!  I dont know he got
soo strong!"

Blaine nudged the girls aside, he then leans over
Tenchi to examine his battered body.  He sees
numerable deep gashes with stitches and dried up
blood on the floor giving the room a copper smell, an I.V
of blood in Tenchi's wrist.  Blaine senses some very
faint signals of life.  Blaine gets a suprised look on
his face and has a idea.

	Blaine: "That's it! I got it! I know what to
do!"

	Washu,Ryoko,& Ayeka: "Do what??"

	Blaine: "I know how to save Tenchi.  We
have one of  two options."

	Ryoko: "What is the first?!"

	Blaine: "We can give Tenchi a interveinious
solution of a senzu bean.  Tragically, I ran out of
them."

	Ayeka:{eager& angry}: "Well, since that
idea has been shot down!  What is the other idea
you had concieved?"

	Washu{intrested}: "Blaine you don't
mean??"

	BLaine{serious}: "Washu... it is the only
option I have left.  I'm goning to use the
Khameahameaha wave attack.  I have a notion that
since Tenchi's energies are for good, though severly
depleted,  I can concentrate the waves to heal him
since they have a extereme effect on evil energies."

Its quite in the room the only thing making any
noise is the heart rate monitors beeping.  Ryoko
breaks the silence with the most important question.

	Ryoko: "When do we start?"

	Blaine: " In the morning. When it clears up.
Washu when can you detach these things off of
Tenchi?"

	Washu: "When you give the word."

	Blaine: "OK!  I want everyone rested!  In the
morning if one mistake happens, we say good bye
to Tenchi."

--------------------------------------------------------------





That ends Part 1 of the story!! If you wanna read
more then wait for the next episode  NO ROOM
FOR MISTAKES!  In that you'll find out if Tenchi
is brought back to 100%, how Tenchi deals with
Kagato with his new found abilities and why Blaine
has been mystieriously assimilated to Tenchi!!!  But
for now HIT ME WITH PRAISE OR
PUNISHMENT ON MY FAN FIC (IT"S MY
FIRST!!)  {evldan@hotmail.com}

