Tenchi Muyo and all of it's characters are property of AIC and Pioneer and I am 
not making, nor plan to make any money off of it.  As always,
DBZ is Funimations property but since I'm only using the saiyan legend that's 
all that I need to say is Funimations. (Hey!  I finally used copy and
paste!)

 

Title says it all.  NOW.LET'S GET IT ON!

 

*************************************

 

In a windowsill on the Masaki home, a small plant sways in the blowing wind.  On 
it, several small beans dangle, one falls to the ground, and is
carefully picked up by a large hand.  Broka opens up a small bag and sets the 
bean in it.

 

"That's three beans in two weeks, so far I'm off to a good start," he opens a 
drawer and sets the bag inside of it.  He heads to polish one of the
many swords and axes lined up against the wall.  "Good thing there was enough 
room for this stuff, I would have hated to go to the Hararamaschi
every day to keep these things from rusting," he pulls a large sword from the 
shelf and starts to slowly rub it up and down with sandpaper.

 

(CRASH) "That does it Ryoko!  I have had enough of your rudeness!  I WON'T TAKE 
IT ANY MORE!"

 

"I would like to see you try you weakling!"

 

"I'll have you know that as a princess I was given strength that you couldn't 
fathom, AND I'LL SHOW IT TO YOU!"  More crashes and loud objects
fall to the ground as the two women duel it out down at the steps.  Broka starts 
to sweat as the bangings get louder.  Soon, the door breaks open
as Ryoko lands on top of Ayeka and jumps off of her.

 

"Hey you two, take your fight out of my room!" his pleas are useless as Ayeka 
builds up energy and fires it at Ryoko.  Ryoko manages to dodge
the attack, which heads straight for the small bean plant.  Broka leaps in front 
of it and takes it.  "KNOCK IT OFF YOU TWO!  THESE THINGS
ARE WORTH MORE THEN YOUR LIFE!" no use.  In fact, each of them grab a sword and 
start swinging it at each other.  "THOSE ARE
PRICELESS ARTIFACTS YOU MORONS!  KNOCK IT THE HELL OFF!"

 

Their fight takes them back out to the hall, where the swords spark as they hit 
each other.  Broka runs after the two catfighters.

 

"If they break either of those, so help me God." the swords clang together as 
they break apart and head towards each other at full force.  On
impact, the sword Ryoko held broke in the middle, splitting it in two.  Broka 
just rounds the cornor and drops at the sight of the broken sword. 
His energy starts to build up.  Ayeka throws her sword away and the two warriors 
stare at each other, sparks shooting between eyes.then they
noticed the golden, triangular-haired, extremely pissed off saiyan.  They start 
laughing hysterically as Broka raises his hands, opening his palms,
connecting his thumbs and index fingers together.  Their laughter grows louder 
as sparks shoot through the hands of the saiyan.

 

[BOOM!]

 

The smoldering ashes and small fires ignore the fact that a quarter of the 
upstairs are gone, and that it's extremely hard to see Ayeka or Ryoko,
being as their clothes and skin match the black ashes covering the floor and 
walls.  Tenchi and Sasami run up the stairs just to see Broka's hair
turning black again, and picking up the swords, the broken and the non-broken 
one.

 

"I plead the fifth," were the last words from his mouth before passivly walking 
into his room.

 

"Um.dinner is ready," Sasami quietly says, looking at the hysterical Ryoko and 
Ayeka.

 

 

 

Down at the dinner table, Broka sits with a disgusted look, while Ryoko and 
Ayeka silently eat their fish and noodles.

 

[Little note, I really don't know what Japanese eat.  My knowledge goes as far 
as miso soup, fish, noodles, and once when they eat Shojun. 
Another note, I can't spell worth crap.]

 

Tenchi, Sasami, and Mihoshi can only watch the three give evil glances at each 
other every three seconds after they swallow their food.  Great
tension is very apparent here, and they don't want to set it off, although just 
commenting on the food would blow their fuse.as they soon learn.

 

"Boy, this fish is delic." Tenchi just lit the flare.

 

"YOU DIRTY MONKEY!  HOW DARE YOU LOOK AT ME LIKE I'M SOME KIND OF CRIMINAL!"

 

"WELL, VANDALISM IS A CRIME YOU SNOT-NOSED, UPROOTED, LOW-DOWN, DRIED-UP 
PRINCESS!"

 

"HOW DARE YOU CALL ME SUCH THINGS YOU FILTHY, SCUM-EATING, LOWER-THEN-THE-DIRT 
PRIMATE!"

 

"YOU HAVE NO ROOM TO TALK AYEKA!"

 

"STAY OUT OF THIS DEMON WOMAN!"

 

"AT LEAST I DON'T GO AROUND WORRYING ABOUT THE CLOUDS AND THE RAIN!"

 

"HOW DARE YOU SPEAK THAT IN FRONT OF LORD TENCHI!"

 

"AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED YOU BOTH SHOULD BE DRAGGED OUT IN THE STREET AND SHOT!"

 

"YOU DON'T WANT TO BE DRAGGED INTO THIS YOU OVER-SIZED GORILLA!"

 

"THAT DOES IT, I WANT TO FINISH THIS, AND FINISH IT NOW!"

 

"FINE BY ME!"

 

"ME TOO!"

 

All three leave the table and storm outside.  The ones who never bothered to 
speak have taken refuge under the table.  They crawl from
underneath it to see the three hot-heads have taken a fighting stance outside 
and they walk to see them.

 

"Looks like they're finally going to go through it," Washu says.

 

"Oh no," Sasami whispers.

 

"Don't worry Sasami, something will stop them, it always does," Tenchi assures 
her.

 

"Are you going to try and stop them," Mihoshi asks.  They turn around to see 
Tenchi has once again taken refuge under the table.

 

Tenchi was right, something did stop them, but the peace wasn't going to last 
long.  Out of the sky a black ship falls towards the lake.  As it
comes to a hault, the three finally break out of there stance and stare at the 
ship.  The ship's exterior seems to bubble as part of it transform into
a ramp, and an creates an opening right above it.  An extremely lare, dark 
figure steps through it.  It stops several feet from the bottom of the
ramp, in the light, his face is somewhat a gray-black mix, it is also wrinkled 
but nonetheless it's a horrific view.  His black cloak sways in the wind
as he surveys his surroundings.

 

"I'm looking for the boy with Light-Hawk Wings, and another one with golden 
hair," he yells out to the three fighters.

 

"Boy with the Light-Hawk Wings?  You mean Tenchi," Ayeka asks.

 

"The boy with the golden hair?  Oh, you mean monkey m...what's wrong with you," 
Ryoko asks Broka.  His face has turned pale white as he
stares into the face of the seven foot figure, he trys to move his mouth but 
nothing comes out.  He only stares at him.  Tenchi, completely
unaware of him, has come out to greet this strange visitor.

 

"Well, I usually don't say this much but I CAN summon the Light-Hawk Wings," 
Tenchi says walking closer to the figure, "what to ya need?"
Before Tenchi steps any further Broka is in front of him, "What's the matter 
with you?  You look like you've seen a ghost," Tenchi asks the
pale-faced saiyan.

 

"D-d-d-d-don't g-g-go near hi-hi-him," Broka manages to get out, face unchanged.  
He turns around to the figure, "K-K-Krovak."

 

"Huh, you know this guy Broka," Sasami asks, now walking out of the house, 
Washu, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki in her human form step out from
behind him.

 

"No, only heard about him, but I saw so many pictures of him, it's like I'm 
looking into a book."

 

Ryoko laughs, "That isn't something you do very much!"

 

"SHUT UP, THIS ISN'T A TIME TO JOKE AROUND!  Ayeka, does Jurai have any record 
of a small planet called Serkon and the history of it
one-hundred thousand years ago?"

 

"Uh...let me think...yes, I remember, there was a strange occurence that every 
single fort we settled on that station blew up one after another, and
I believe it was from...an army of saiyans attacking it!"

 

The figure squints his eyes, "Those damn bastards, it figures they would blame 
those human wannabes for something I did."

 

"Wait a minute, it was you, all by yourself," the figure nods his head, Ayeka 
starts to laugh, "oh my, what a joker!  Do you expect me to believe
that," the figure once again becomes angered, "seriously, no one person could 
beat the Juraien army by themselves!  Besides, no one can live
for one-thousand years, not unless your Juraien, and a Juraien would never 
attack their own people, so why don't you take that imaginative
attidue of yours and..."

 

"SHUT UP YOU DAMN FOOL!  DO YOU WANT TO BE KILLED," Broka yells at her at the 
top of his lungs, "Krovak!  Your supposed to be dead,
what are you doing here?!"

 

"Easy my silly boy, but, I'll never tell you."

 

"Then what do you want from us?!"

 

"Once again that's an easy one boy, I want...your lives."

 

"What?!" Tenchi yells.

 

"Oh boy, you did not just say that to my Tenchi," Ryoko yells, pulling her 
sleeve up.

 

"Ryoko, don't!  He can't fight us if we don't want to fight him!  That's one of 
his weaknesses, he was cursed so that he can't fight unless we want
to," he turns to Krovak, "You here that you demon, we don't want to fight!  Now 
leave us alone!"

 

"Now you know I can't do that.  I'm not like that.  But, since you don't want to 
fight, I have no other choice," he raises his hands and the ship itself
shoots out six tentacles.  They all head for the six girls and crash into them.  
Broka and Tenchi watch in horror as the tentacles start sucking at
the girls and six large humps appear in the tentacles and head straight for the 
ship.

 

"YOU BASTARD!  I THOUGHT YOU COULDN'T DO THAT!"

 

"Well, I guess I can.  If you want them alive meet me around the asteroid belt," 
he turns back to his ship, "Oh, and one more thing,come
prepared.  I'm no walk in the park." He walks into his ship and it lifts off and 
zooms towards the sky.

 

"What do we do know," Tenchi asks Broka.

 

"What do you think," Broka growls back, "we go after him...and wish for a 
miracle."

 

***************************

 

Tenchi looks through the cockpit to see many asteroids fly past the bottom of 
the ship, he's in his battlearmor with Tenchi-ken in his hands, "How
close are we," he asks.

 

Broka is putting on his own armor, he slides it down and fastens it around his 
waist, "Still several hundred kilometers.  Miriara, you still have
track of his ship?"

 

"Yes Lord Broka.  Are you really going through with it," the femine voice asks 
through the ships hull.

 

"I have to, I'll never forgive myself if I don't," Broka says, sliding on some 
white boots.

 

"Broka, who is Krovak," Tenchi asks.

 

Broka stares out the window, "One-hundred thousand years, an evil demon landed 
on a large planet on the edge of the galaxy, it was colonized
by the saiyans.  From there, he proceeded to single-handly wipe out all those 
that didn't escape the planet.  That demon was Krovak.  Several
months after that, Krovak traveled to the planet Serkon, a small, yet elusive 
training ground for the Juraien armies.  One by one he attacked each
fort, wiping them all in an instant.  The Juraiens sent every warrior they could 
but it wasn't doing anything to him.  But then we came, we made a
temporary treaty with the Juraiens so as to destroy him.  But the saiyans were 
too pig-headed, instead of ganging up on him, they attacked him
one by one, giving Krovak enough time to absorb them, making him even more 
powerful.  Although the Juraiens tried to talk to the saiyans, we
wouldn't listen, and were beaten back mercilessly, even when the Juraiens gain 
the courage to attack him without our permission.  The battle
lasted several hours, by that time there were three warriors left, a Juraien 
prince, a third-level saiyan, and Krovak, with half of his power gone. 
Both the saiyan and the Juraien were mad with the deaths of their people and in 
an instant...the saiyan transformed into a super saiyan, but he
didn't stop at the first level, nor the second, he grew to the third...I don't 
know what the third is, but it is said that a third level super saiyan has the
most scariest stare in the universe.  Even the Juraien summoned three Light Hawk 
Wings of his own.  As they stared at Krovak, they attacked
him.  The fight lasted longer then the original battle but even at half of his 
strength and being doubled teamed he could still fend them off and
dealt serious damage.  Then, it neared the end, the saiyan attached himself to 
Krovak and proceeded to use a rare kamikazee attack when at
the same time, the prince focused every last bit of energy he had left into a 
single ball, although the energy blast would kill him as well.  At the
same time, the energy ball hit Krovak the same time the saiyan 
exploded...but...I don't know how he survived?!  There wasn't a trace of 
him...how
could he survive," Broka begins to shake vioently.   

 

"So help me God, if I have the power I'll...I'll..." he doesn't get to finish 
before Broka butts.

 

"Me too Tenchi, me too," he snaps on his last glove and both him and Tenchi 
stare out the window at the black, wiggling ship off in the distance.

 

In the black ship, all the girls have been locked in seperate capsules as Krovak 
stares out at the Hararamaschi, "His ship is quite remarkable,
but they're too smart to attack me in a space battle, risking the lives of you 
pathetic women," he turns around at the girls, Sasami, Mihoshi, and
Ryo-Ohki are cowering in the back of their capsules and Ryoko and Ayeka are 
trying to break down the doors.  Washu is sitting cross-legged
staring through the window given to them to watch their precious Tenchi suffer 
and die.

 

"LET ME OUT OF HERE!  I'LL GIVE YOU A FIGHT IF YOU WANT IT, COME HERE AND LET ME 
OUT," Ryoko yells, hitting the walls as hard
as she can.

 

"I don't want to fight weaklings, I've fought too many weaklings in the past.  
And don't try breaking that, it is made of an aloid so strong it could
survive a nuclear blast, except if it was on the inside."

 

Ryoko tears up and sits down, she can't break these walls, they're much too 
strong.

 

"Anyway, I think I'll have a little fun with them," the light surrounding the 
room fades, and the ship begins to fire tentacles at the Hararamaschi.

 

"Miriara, fire a barrage of missles to intercept them!"

 

"Roger," several missle tubes open in the back and dozens of missles fire out 
from it.  They collide with the tentacles which break apart on
impact.

 

"Fire the laser cannon," Broka yells as the front of the ship opens up to reveal 
a large radar like dish.  The dish sucks in energy before firing it at
the ship.  The ship seems to throw out all of it's skin at the cannon, and takes 
the laser with little damage.  "Hah, I knew it.  Miriara, launch missle
silos one through thirty with a barrage of five missles per tube!"  Each tube 
covering the top front of the ship launch over a hundred missles, the
missles impact immediately on the black 'skin' which causes it to explode, 
leaving a dull, silver metal in view, "OK, now ram it!"  The ship fires all
of its engines and rams the metal coating of the black ship, ripping a wide hole 
in it.

 

Tenchi has fallen down from the multiple shakings the Hararamaschi has caused 
before Broka stands up and grabs Tenchi's hand, "C'mon, I've
made a way into the ship," he says before picking Tenchi up and both of them run 
out of the ship.  They find themselves with an unusual puzzle
inside Krovak's ship, which path to take.  "The middle one, it's the quickest 
way," Broka says before him and Tenchi sprint down the corridor.  In
the cooridor however, the ships black 'skin' is attacking them from holes 
scattered in the cooridor.

 

"Jeez, I didn't think it would be this dangerous," Tenchi yells dodging several 
spikes.

 

"Krovak is a confused man," Broka yells back before grabbing Tenchi and flying 
at an remarkable speed through the tunnel.  As the last of the
traps stop, they find themselves looking at a dead-end.

 

"Great, just great.  The shortest cooridor huh," Tenchi yells to Broka.  Broka 
just looks up, and grabs a hold of a bar, "Hey, what are you doing?"

 

"Grab a hold, the gravity is adjusted to where we can walk easily up here," 
Broka yells before disappearing in the darkness.

 

"Why me," Tenchi mutters to himself as he grabs the bar, and walks along the 
strange pathway.  They walk along the adjusted gravity until the
pathway stops and turns around to a door.  Tenchi watches Broka climb into 
regular gravity and head towards the door, Tenchi also climbs up
and tries the door handle, "It's locked."

 

[BOOM!]

 

"Not anymore," Broka says, hand smoking and looking at an empty doorway, Tenchi 
sighs and puts his head in his hands.  The two warriors
walk side by side as with each five or so steps the pure darkness lights up a 
little bit to see their way, Tenchi looks over and realizes that this
pathway they're on is barely wide enough to fit them both, what's left of it is 
a bottomless pit.

 

"Wow, that's a long way down, isn't it," Tenchi says with a gulp.

 

"Endless pit, it's connected to two other dimensions, you'll keep falling until 
you die of thirst," Broka says with a look of concern.  They take
several more steps before the room lights up some more to show that the panel 
floor is connecting the walls end to end.  Broka looks to one
end, "Don't let this deceive you Tenchi, those panels at the end and along the 
wall are fake, you step on them you fall through..."

 

"Very surprising for a saiyan to study his enemy's ship.  Any normal one would 
have winged it," a voice from the darkness calls out.  The
remaining lights come on for Broka and Tenchi to see Krovak standing next to six 
capsules containing the girls.

 

"Let them go Krovak, they didn't do anything," Tenchi yells.

 

"I know, but that's what makes it so interesting," Krovak says, chuckling, "and 
you won't get them back unless you can defeat me.  I don't need
the three little ones, but...I could have some fun with the other girls," he 
says, licking his lips and pointing to Ayeka, Ryoko, and Mihoshi.  Ryoko's
body sparks.  "So, do you wish to fight or not?  I don't have all day, I could 
just kill them right now."

 

"You want a fight, and you got one," Broka says, suddenly transforming to the 
second level super saiyan.  He flies across the room and inches
away from Krovaks face, they both disappear.

 

Tenchi throws his arms out and concentrates all his energy...but nothing 
happens.

"What the...I...could summon them so easily...now it's as if, I forgot..." then 
he hears explosions coming from a pillar on the far side.  He sees that
Broka and Krovak are exchanging enormously fast punches.  Their fists clash 
against each other as they fade away again.  Tenchi then finds
himself several feet away from the two fighting madmen, as Broka dodges a punch 
and wails Krovak in the stomach.  Krovak staggers for a bit,
then sends Broka flying with an enormous punch to his jaw.  Broka bounces off 
the floor for several seconds, before regaining control and
flinging himself at the demon.  His shoulder hits Krovak's stomach hard as they 
both tumble down to the ground, Broka yells to Tenchi, "
FORGET THE WINGS!  GO GET THE GIRLS!"  Tenchi nods before running around the 
black figure.  Then, Krovak sits straight up, and from his
hand a gust of energy catches Tenchi, and he flies across the room.  He hits the 
end of the room hard...before he notices the underground is
cracking.  He tries to run but is too late as the floor gives away, and Tenchi 
falls down the dark pit.

 

"TENCHI!" Ryoko yells as she watches him fall through the fake floor, "DAMNIT, 
WHY CAN'T I TELEPORT OUT OF HERE?!" she yells falling to
the ground weeping sadly.

 

Broka's body sparks with electricity as a bright glow surrounds him, and he 
flies to catch Tenchi.  Midway, though, a knee greets his stomach as
Krovak stands over him laughing.  "Foolish boy, you can't go after him, he's 
long gone by now," Broka looks up at him through the tears in his
eyes and delivers a good punch straight in the groind.  Krovak falls backwards 
as Broka picks himself up and starts delivering hard punches to
the fallen Krovak.  He finishes his last punch before making his hands in a 
triangle shape.

 

"TRI-BEAM...FIRE!" A large energy blast erupts from his palms and Krovak tumbles 
back on the ground.  Broka starts breathing heavily, those
few punches and knees he got were amazingly devastating.  Krovak's body starts 
to twitch before he stands up, rubbing his eye.  He takes his
hand off and there is are big scars running down his face.  He concentrates for 
a minute before his face seems to mold, and the scars heal up.

 

"You can't beat me boy, you've already lost a great deal of energy you put into 
that blast," Krovak flies across the room and catches Broka by the
neck.  He raises him to eye level and stares him in the face, "You see monkey, I 
can regenerate myself if there's at least one living brain cell of
mine left in the air.  I merely take that cell, and considering the amount of 
energy I have left, duplicate it.  It could take me, oh, I don't know,
one-hundred thousand years to completely regenerate, and reach my maximum 
strength.  Now...I'm going to have to smack you around a bit to
make you realize," Krovak lifts his hand into the air and with tremendous force, 
slaps Broka across the face.  Broka grunts in pain as Krovak
smiles viciously and smacks him again.  Then, as quick as he could throw 
punches, smack him across the face dozens of time, each blow
making an incredible explosion of energy.  "Now, I'm kind of hungry, I think 
I'll absorb you for some food," Krovak lifts him above his head amd
squeezes his neck harder.  Broka starts to chock as dark energy slowly creeps up 
his arm to drain Broka...until Krovak feels a strange power. 
He drops Broka and looks over to the hole where Tenchi fell through.  From the 
hole, Tenchi rises up using one of his Light-Hawk Wings.  The
three marks on his forehead glow as Tenchi sets himself down, and uses the same 
Wing to create a large sword.  He takes a step back and
stands in a fighting position.  Broka laid on the ground as he saw a bean roll 
in front of him, he struggles to get near it.

 

"Well, now.  Tenchi is it.  I'm surprised, I knew you could summon the Light-
Hawk Wings but I haven't seen them for a while so I was sort of
awed.  But, if it's a sword fight you want," Krovak's hand starts to glow as a 
green energy sword forms in his grasp, "you got it." The two warriors
stare each other with tremendous tension, judging their strongpoints and 
weaknesses.  The mere thirty seconds of silence feel like hours for the
onlookers.  Then, they charge.

 

Tenchi brings the sword behind him as does Krovak and in an instant, the two 
massive energies collide.  A dark yet light swirling vortex of
energy erupts from the clashed swords, as each of them try to penetrate the 
other's one, and as quick as they hit, they broke apart.  With their
backs to each other, each of them contemplate the injuries they might have 
sustained...and Tenchi falls to the ground in pain.

 

Krovak looks over his shoulder and laughs maniacally, "You weakling.  You should 
have known that I have fought a warrior just of your class, and I
knew exactly how you were going to swing, and I was able to nullify your powers, 
isn't that a shame.  Looks like you die..."

 

"NOW!" a loud yell comes from Krovak's side.  Broka is heading straight for his 
head with a powered-up kick...but Krovak couters this, nailing
Broka in the groind.  He falls besides Tenchi and looks up at Krovak, who once 
again has returned to laughing maniacally.

 

"Well, well.  You had more power left then I thought, perhaps I should, bring it 
out a little more, just to please my hunger," Broka weakly gets up,
pulling Tenchi with him, "You see, I know how a saiyan can go through a 
remarkable transformation, like that of a super-saiyan.  Yes, some is
due to vigorous training and hard-work, however, when provoked, you become like 
the shark, striking back with more power then ever.  Shall I
provoke you?  Shall I make you mad?" Broka and Tenchi, holding each other up, 
stare daggers at him, "I'll take that as a yes," Krovak walks
around in circles, "Now, should I make fun of you, call you names and torment 
your emotions?  No...how about I bring you pain and suffering? 
Bringing out the beast in you to retaliate back and cause harm to your harmer?  
No...or, shall I kill a loved one?  Like that of a friend, a family
member," he glares at the two warriors, "or...some women, who you hold in your 
heart more then any living being on ...this...Earth." Tenchi and
Broka look at shock at the demon.

 

"DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH THEM!" Tenchi yells, right before a fist catches his jaw, 
causing Broka to lose control and fall down with Tenchi.  

 

Krovak looks over at the capsules containing the girls, and with one leap, lands 
in front of Ryo-Ohki's one.  He looks at her, "No, not enough," he
walks to the next capsule and looks down at Sasami, "Naw, too easy," he walks 
and looks in the next capsule, "Ahh...just right," he flips open a
control panel embedded in the wall and punches several buttons.  Several seconds 
pass before a flame shoots from underneath the
capsule...and the petrified Mihoshi can only cry as she is launched into space.  

 

Tenchi and Broka can't believe their eyes as several miles away, a bright light 
fills the dark sky, and they can't see the capsule any more.  Tears
start rolling down their cheeks at the loss of a beloved one.  Krovak, can only 
laugh.

 

"What?  Not enough.  Then let's try this," he flips up another hidden control 
panel and punches some more buttons.  Ryoko can only scream as
her capsule begins to rise, and loses sight of the ship.

 

Another bright explosion lights the sky, as Tenchi and Broka mourn the pain.  
The pain.  The anger.  It's too great.  The power is too great.  They
can't control it any longer.

 

Once again Krovak's maniacal laughter bring on another threat, "Jeez, you guys 
are hard to please.  Maybe I should have started with Sa..." he
turns to see a brilliant glow has surrounded both Tenchi and Broka, "no...way."

 

"You will not kill any more Krovak! You will not kill the people that have 
treated me like an individual, like a brother, like family!  You will not do 
that
to any more!" Broka cringes as his power grows, "No...MORE!!!!!!" Broka screams 
with all his power as the floor itself breaks apart at the
released energy.  The hurricane of wind created by the energy push Krovak almost 
into the wall.  There are no more sparks of electricity
surrounding the saiyan, but large waves of it, surrounding his entire body.  
Broka starts to twitch with the power.

 

"No...that's impossible!  He's just a boy, no boy can contain that much power," 
he struggles against the wind but once again is pushed back,
"But, when I get to close, it hurts, the energy itself hurts, why can't I push 
it off?" he looks up, and realizes that Tenchi's uniform created by the
Light-Hawk Wings has vanished...and the enormous power hasn't caused him to 
budge an inch, "Why?!  Why isn't he affected by this?!  No
normal person could...no," he sees that the three marks on his forehead have 
disappeared...and have been replaced by five instead, "No! NO!
NOOOOO!" he can't keep his balance, the energy pushes him against the wall.

 

Tears roll down Tenchi as he concentrates all his energy into the five Light-
Hawk Wings glowing in front of him.  He raises his hands, sliding on
two of them.  His uniform has changed, the loose, purplish colored battlesuit 
has become a skin-tight dark blue outfit.  The two long straps sretch
out from his shoulders.  The suit has wrapped around his neck, creating a V- 
shaped headband-like thing tht covers the middle of his forehead. 
He raises the three remaining Wings to float in front of him.

 

At the same time, the energy has reached to Broka's inner self, his bright, gold 
hair begins to elongate.  It crawls down Broka's back as his
eyebrows begin to shrink and in another flash of energy, the hair erupts 
creating six-feet of gold hair, swaying against the energy it's creating. 
Broka stares at Krovak, he was right, the stare of a third level super saiyan is 
horrifying.  The pure power and unmovable eyes without any
eyebrows at all makes the stare devastating to a weak heart.  Krovak stares back 
at the saiyan, and recalls one-hundred thousand years ago,
staring into those same eyes, the same evil eyes that nearly killed him.  And 
Tenchi, the energy rushing through him was enough to make Krovak
to watch the awesomeness of it's power.  He knew he was in trouble.

 

But, Broka wasn't done, there was still tons of anger, pain and suffering left 
in him.  He focused all his energy, creating another hurricane of it, the
long hair turns from swaying, to barely staying on Broka's head.  The brilliant 
glow intensifies as Broka screams with all his might, causing his
hair to blow in the wind.  Then, the unexpected happened, the beautiful gold 
hair, as it shakes in the winds, explodes in a fury of energy.  The
great gold glow the fallen hairs give off, seem to wrap around Broka, causing 
his entire body to grow hair, reddish-black hair.  The hair crawls up
his legs and covers his body except for his face, and he gives the most horrific 
stare for while a third level super saiyan stare may be terrifying,
looking into the face of an incredibly powerful being is ten times greater then 
that.  Krovak stands horrified at the newly arisen power of the two
young men.then, a whistling noise comes from high above.  All three warriors 
look confusedly into the sky, as two objects fall towards the ship,
Krovak can't believe his eyes.  The two capsules land several dozen feet behind 
Broka and Tenchi, although their facial expressions have not
changed.  Broka then vanishes..then Tenchi does.

 

"Where'd they go?  I never seen them.What?!" he stands amazed as he find Broka 
on one side of him, and Tenchi on the other side.  Both
warriors throw their knee up, hitting Krovak in the sides of his head.  He 
stumbles back as B&T jump in front of him, and Broka once again
charges at him.  He delivers a well-placed punch right in the stomach, followed 
by dozen more punches of the same caliber.  Krovak gasps in
pain with each blow, too painful to fight back.  The punches have been so 
powerful, that Krovak runs into the wall, Broka still throwing punches. 
Krovak takes over his pain, and retaliates back.  Broka does several backflips 
before landing next to Tenchi.  Tenchi summons two of the
remaining Light-Hawk Wings, and grasps them, they form into two sharp, long, 
one-edged swords.  Tenchi charges at the cringing demon.  He
swings his sword but Krovak is able to dodge the attack, but barely.  Tenchi 
swings some more but each time Krovak dodges, and nearly falls
over by how close Tenchi's coming to his body.  Krovak unfortuently runs back 
into the wall, and one of the swords blades catches Krovak in the
arm.  The demon yells out in pain as green blood pours from the protruding cut.  
The demon clasps his hand around the wound, and the incision
soon returns to skin.

 

"You bastards!  How dare you inure me like that," neither of them listen, as 
both charge at Krovak.  The incredibly fast punches are slow enough
just for Krovak to block them and dodge some.  A red fist catches his cheek 
though, before an elbow nails him in the stomach, and a foot in the
face. Both Tenchi and Broka leap back before Broka raises one hand out and 
yells, "MASENKOOOO.HYAH!" The energy beam catches
Krovak in a weakened state, and the demon flies backwards destroying several 
pillars as he goes.  As the remaining rocks fall, Broka and
Tenchi stare at the ruble of rocks before a dark glow erupts from the pile, and 
Krovak bursts out with a enormous yell.

 

His breaths are heavy as he says to himself, "Damn them, they're forcing me to 
transform into that fucking devil," he yells to the two, "YOU HEAR
THAT YOU WEAKLINGS!  YOU WON'T SURVIVE ME IN MY TRUE FORM," a dark energy swirls 
around Krovak as his body starts to
transform.  His skin changes into a pure black, and his face molds like clay.  
The black piercing armour snaps like a twig as his body grows to
an incredible height.  A large tail fires from his rear end, and two wings 
emerge from his shoulders, shredding the black cloak.  Soon, his face
has turned into a more slender, dark one, with blood-red eyes, and sharp fangs 
in his mouth.  "I praise you, no one has ever seen me in my true
form...but enjoy the view, you won't live long enough to take pictures," Tenchi 
and Broka do not shake from this.  Krovak growls, and leaps into
the air and with a flap of his wings soars towards the two.  A dark energy 
gathers in his hand as he raises it behind him, "Try and survive this!"
Broka, the one Krovak is aiming for, concentrates all his energy, squinting.  
Krovak throws the punch...but his hand stops inches from his face,
"Impossible!  How can one kid's power surpass mine," Broka doesn't answer him as 
he creates another wave of energy, sending Krovak falling
towards the ground.  He stands up, powers all the dark enegy left in him, and 
charges once again.  Broka doesn't try to stop this one
however...but merely dodges it, sending Krovak soaring past him.

 

"How?  How can two...two children each have powers surpassing that of even 
mine," he looks up from his throw to see Tenchi has both swords
in his hands and is running towards him.  It's too late.  He can't dodge this 
one.  Two slicies fill the air as Tenchi lands several meters away from
the demon.  His two Wings surrounding his body pull away and vanish from him, as 
does the two in his hand.  Both stare back at the demon. 
"Why?  Why was I revived, only to be killed again," Tenchi and Broka step back, 
"Why did you make me alive, only to be killed again?  WHY DID
YOU DO THIS TO ME T..." before he can finish the Jurai power rips him up like 
paper, and there is nothing left of him.

 

Broka and Tenchi contemplate what he had said, but shrugs it off and start to 
laugh.  They finish their little celebration before Broka notices his
tail has grown back.  Unaware of what he just transformed into...he rips it out.  
Afterwards, all the red hair on his body shrink back into his skin,
and the six-foot golden hair retracts from Broka's head.

 

"What?!  What's the matter," he takes several minutes and concentrates, "No!  I 
can't transform!  Damn that sucks!  It's like that one damn song,
'Damned if you do, damned if you don't' but that's life for ya," he sighs and 
drops his head.  Both then look over to see the two smoldering
capsules, and quickly run towards them.

 

"Damn, I hope they're okay, " Broka says.

 

They stop at the closest one to them, and notice a large burnt spot on the side 
of it.  "That idiot!  He used an aloid this strong and set the bomb
on the OUTSIDE!  Boy what a dope!"

 

"Yes well, thank God he did," Tenchi sighs in relief, "it might have saved their 
lives."

 

"I don't mean to give anyone's hopes up, especially mine, but that explosion was 
pretty big and they could have...suffered serious injuries," they
both nod their heads and proceed to pry open the glass siding.  Actually, it 
takes Broka a second to rip it off, and they look into the nearly
unconcious Mihoshi.  Then, to their surprise, the blonde's eyes slowly 
open...and stare into the face of an eyebrowless, third level super saiyan
cradelling her head.  Then, she did what any proper woman would do...take it the 
wrong way and knee him in the balls.  Broka's eyes widen as
Mihoshi screamed out "HELP!" and "RAPE! and her arms and feet flying everywhere, 
Broka falls to the ground and twitches a little bit.  

 

Tenchi looks from the edge of the opening and yells, "Mihoshi!  It's all right!  
You're okay!" Mihoshi recognizes this voice and opens her eyes
again...and they shine at who they see.  Although it is impossible to leap at 
someone with such force...Mihoshi did such, latching onto Tenchi's
neck and tackling him to the ground.  She happily cried into his shoulder and 
saying how it was so loud and she thought she was going to die. 
Tenchi manages to settle her down, and gets up to head towards Ryoko's capsule.  
However, Mihoshi once again tackles Tenchi to the ground,
latching onto his waist and crying hard into his buttocks.  Tenchi's body turns 
completely red.  He tries to get Broka to get Ryoko but he's still
twitching.

 

Ten minutes pass before Broka takes over the pain and slowly stands up.  He 
looks over to see Mihoshi still crying into Tenchi's butt.  Tenchi
doesn't seem to mind his soaked bum anymore, and has even pulled out a deck of 
cars and is playing solitare.  Broka couldn't face-fault since
he needed to get Ryoko.  He limps over to the other capsule (he got whacked in 
the balls, the pain travels all the way down your leg).  Before he
rips the cover off, he transforms back into his short, black hair.  Then he rips 
off the glass, and picks up the silent Ryoko, "Jeez, no more
doughnuts for you," Broka says as he carries Ryoko over to in front of Tenchi 
and Mihoshi, who Tenchi has got her off him and is doing his best
to comfort her, again.

 

"Broka, could you release the other girls," Tenchi asks.

 

"Sure, I have this nifty little gadget that will quicken it up too," he reaches 
in his armour and pulls out a small pen-like thing.  He presses a button
on it and a small laser shoots from it, cutting the top and bottom of the door 
holding the girls in.  Stimultaneously, all four women burst out and
start running towards Broka.  Broka, getting the obvious idea, opened his arms 
widely...before being run over.  The five concious women start
praising Tenchi, while Broka gets up with feet marks on his face and veins 
popping out of his forehead, "That's OK," he growls, "It doesn't bother
me, I'm no one important."

 

Around that time Ryoko has just gotten up and sees the women huddled around 
Tenchi, so, naturally, she shoves some of them out of the way
and clings around Tenchi's neck.  The six girls continue to praise him and 
smother him with affection as Ryoko notices Broka is getting up and
she slowly walks over to him, the rest watch her.  She taps him on the shoulder 
and Broka, expecting it to be someone like Sasami, turns around
with a big smile...before being picked up by the collar of his armor.  Ryoko 
lifts the saiyan above her head, shakes him like a rag doll and yells,
"You imbecile!  If you would have told us about him we wouldn't have had to go 
through all this pain and torture!  Do you realize what grief you
could have spared us," she shakes him harder, "Well?!"

 

"Hell hath felt no fury then that of a scorned woman," the dizzied saiyan says 
as Ryoko shakes him harder than before.  Everyone else starts to
sweat, except Ayeka who smiles and sarcastically says, "Those two were meant for 
each other," they sweat even more.

 

"I'd hate to see their kids," Washu also sarcastically comments, everyone laughs 
at this as Broka's brain cells start to die off with all the rattleing.

 

**************************

 

Well, I'm finally finished.  Now, from here, I am going to split my story up a 
bit.  If you like this one so far, I will write more in the regular section.  If
you're a hentai freak (I'm a perv, I know), there has been this extremely lemony 
thought going through my head, and if I don't get it out I'll go nuts,
so I'll write a short series in the lemon section.  Oh, I'm also doing MST's and 
some crossovers.  Oh, and besides for the MST's, they all have
Broka, sorry. 