No Need for Alternate Earths.
Chapter Two: All Aboard!


    "OK," stated Washu as she put the scanner back into her kit and pulled
out a small bottle.  "This is what we're going to do. The ship is on the
slope south of us. I'm going to toss this over that.  We run THAT way.
Kiyone, you have the gun so YOU get to guard our flank facing the dinosaur.
Ready folks?"
    Tenchi and Kiyone nodded.  Mihoshi whimpered.
    Drew back her arm and tossed the bottle into the brush to their left.
"GO!"
    As the bushes shook and branches snapped, Washu and company ran to their
right, trying to get around and behind the predator.

    He saw the motion and reacted, charging from his half-crouched position,
shooting through the underbrush.  He skidded to a halt, standing right above
the bottle.  It had a weird scent.  It was not living meat or dead meat.  It
looked like solid water, reflecting his own movement and he hissed at it.
He
brought down his right foot and smashed it.

    Ryoko stood her ground, in the hallway, hands on her hips, as Lady
Misaki
walked towards her.
    "OK," said Ryoko, hands spreading out, fingers glowing, "you tricked me
last time, but I'm ready for you.  You showed me a fake bill and there is no
way I am going to let you get away with it, pretty young lady or no
pretty-AAAK"
    Lady Misaki hugged Ryoko as she shouted, "What a nice thing to say!"
    Ryoko's face turned red, then a deep blue color, as bones cracked.
    "let me go..."
    "What dear?" said Misaki as she squeezed harder.
    "can't..breath...must...escape..."
    Ryoko flickered away, into nothingness.

    The roar filled the forest and Tenchi shouted, "What the hell did you
throw?"
    Washu looked back over her shoulder as she ran, replying, "I just tossed
a self-heating Irish coffee container. I hope he didn't try to eat it or
step
on the damn thing.  The heating elements could burn him."
    "Him?" panted Mihoshi, as Kiyone brought up the rear, pushing everyone
else to make them go faster.
    "The scanner showed his gender," examined Washu as she decided to look
where she was running.
    Behind them was another noise of something thrashing about, this one
long
series of hoots.
    "What the heck was that?" cried Mihoshi as she jumped a tree root.
    Washu started to speed up, getting ahead of the other three, "I'll get
the Jumper warmed up!"
    "You do that," gasped Kiyone as she continued to look over her shoulder,
shoving Mihoshi with her left hand and holding the pistol in her right.

    He called again, as he limped about, licking and nibbling at his foot.
The non meat was crackling and giving off smoke.  Whatever it was, it was
bad.  But he would get back at it for he knew it was somehow linked to the
fleeing animals.  He would get back after he dragged one of them down.  When
he sliced them open and feasted on their steaming organs he would get back
at
it.
    He called again, calling the pack to join the hunt.

    Washu leapt into the Jumper and landed in one of the seats, quickly
flipping switches up and shutting power relays.  As the displays turned on
and the engines warmed up, one of the motion detectors beeped, wanting her
attention.
    A tiny map showed the surrounding hillside, with the Jumper centered in
the middle.  Blue points of light showed Tenchi and the others rushing
south,
towards the ship.  North of them was a red triangle, moving about in
confusion.
    "Yes," Washu said with a grin, before she noticed the other four red
triangles appearing on the southern edge of the map and moving towards the
center.  They moved like bullet trains.
    "I better do something about that," remarked Washu as she buckled up.

    "Get closer," commanded Captain Kuria as the bridge crew tried to get a
clearer scan of the wreckage.
    As Too-Kay moved closer, one of the crew called over his shoulder at
Captain Kuria and said, "Positive reading.  The Royal Body Guard Spaceship
the Becca has been destroyed with all aboard, BUT our sensors are still
getting a power source."
    "Explain," demanded Kuria as he left the command chair and headed for
the
nearest sensor station.
    "It looks like Becca, the tree itself, has lived through the battle,"
pointed out the crew member as he checked the display screens, making sure
the information that was coming from the ship's scanners was correct.
    "Use the transport beams to bring it aboard.  Place it into cargo bay
eight."
    "Yes, sir,"
    "Alert her Ladyship," added Kuria.

    "Move," said Kiyone, "faster, I think I can hear it."
    Far behind them appeared a blur and suddenly there it was, half-limping
over the dirt and leafs.  Its head started to bob, as it hissed, showing its
teeth.  The huge killing claws of both hind feet tapped the ground like it
was sending Morse code over telegraph wires.
    Kiyone fired without thought, her pistol an extension of her body.  The
red bolt of energy took the predator right in the chest, burning fur and
knocking it right off its feet.  The expression on the creature's face would
only be described pissed.
    "I got it!" shouted Kiyone.
    "Him," corrected Tenchi as he continued to run, dragging Mihoshi along
with him.
    "Right," chuckled Kiyone as she gave the animal another glance and then
hurried to follow them.

    His chest hurt and his muscles refused to obey.  He twitched and jerked,
trying to roll onto his belly to stand up, but nothing was happening.  He
couldn't even hiss.

    Tenchi screamed and tried to dodge.  The fact that the dirt under his
feet was wet saved him.  He fell flat on his butt as the velociraptor
attacked, flying through where Tenchi SHOULD have been and slamming into the
cherry tree.
    As Tenchi tried to get up, the other three appeared, quickly making a
circle around him.
    "No!" he shouted as he laid there, hands held up before him.
    One of the raptors let off a shriek and its legs started to shiver as it
prepared to leap.  Seconds before it did, right when it started to almost
coil up like a spring for the attack, Mihoshi plowed into it, knocking it
right off its legs.  She hit with so much speed that both ended up sliding
for yards.
    The other two hissed as Kiyone ran up, the pistol at the ready.
    "Save Mihoshi!" yelled Tenchi as he got up with a stick in his hands and
waved it at the remaining velociraptors.
    The first raptor picked itself off the ground, hissing, killing claws
stabbing into the ground.
    Mihoshi was crawling as fast as she could in the same mud that had saved
Tenchi and helped her, her shirt all bunched up about her waist.  Now she
was
at a disadvantage, as the raptor stood up, its hind toes long and wide,
easily gripping the mud.  It snapped at the air its jaws and eyed the muddy
pink undies of the slowly escaping blonde police officer.
    "Get away from me!" sobbed the poor woman.

    "I'm so happy!" shouted Lady Misaki.  She danced about and clapped her
hands together.  "Happy, happy, happy!"
    "Well," said Ryoko as she stared down from her seat on one of the roof
beams, "it is good to hear that the Jurai ships were able to salvage
something."
    "The tree is not SALVAGE," snapped Princess Ayeka.  She took a few
moments to calm down and added, "It is a living part of the ship, an
important organic component.  Unfortunately it has been badly wounded and
they fear it might not make it back to Jurai."
    "It needs to be planted for a few weeks, with other trees to help it,"
explained Princess Sasami, "so it can heal."
    "Meow?" asked Ryo-Ohki as she sniffled at some carrot cupcakes Sasami
had
made.
    "Then it can be transported to a new ship," said Lady Misaki, "if it can
handle the stress."
    "Stress?" asked Ryoko as she flew down to land on the couch.  The tail
that seemed to be attached to the back of her light green kimono shot right
up in interest.
    "It has lost its many friends, its crew," answered Ayeka, "and it may
not
wish to have a new crew.  It had a bond with the Captain of the ship and his
or her death would have been a great loss.  The tree may be very hurt and be
fearful of bonding with anybody again, believing that same thing might
happen
to it again in the future."
    "Kind of shell shock?" added Nobuyuki as he sat down next to Ryoko with
his bag of popcorn.
    "Correct," replied Princess Ayeka as she sat down on a cushion.  "I feel
so strange.  Here we are about to watch 'Space: Above and Beyond' when just
outside the orbit of Mars are ships cleaning up after a battle, looking for
signs of life and getting bodies ready for..."  She sobbed and tried to hide
her face behind a sleeve.
    "Listen," stated Katsuhito, "I know how to help Becca."
    "How?" asked Lady Misaki as she hugged her older daughter.
    "Is there any reason you can't plant Becca next to Funaho?" inquired the
old man as he poured himself some lemonade.  "It can stay there a few weeks
and when it is ready it can be removed by the Royal Body Guard, who can take
it to the space docks at Jurai, to be placed in a new ship."
    "Of course!" shouted Sasami as she hugged the cabbit.  Ryo-Ohki whined,
tiny arms trying to grab a cupcake which was now out of reach.
    "Yes," said Sasami's Mother, "that sounds perfect.  Let me relay that
plan to the Too-Kay,"

    That's when Washu flew the Jumper right in, hover jets screaming, only
about one meter off the ground.  The two velociraptors menacing Kiyone
didn't
have time to respond when it knocked into them, the edge smacking them right
in the back of the heads.
    The one near Mihoshi only had time to hiss before Kiyone hit it with a
blast from her laser.
    The last one gave a hoot and leapt right past Kiyone, rushing down the
hill, like an out of control boulder.
    Washu lowered the ship down to a few inches from the ground and called
out the open door, "All Aboard!"

    As the oval door appeared again, shutting out the outside world, Washu
glanced about the inside of the Jumper.  Kiyone was checking the energy
level
of her pistol, while Tenchi was holding the crying Mihoshi in his lap.
    "There, there," whispered Tenchi, "it will be OK.  It all came out OK.
Mihoshi, you were very brave, very brave."
    "I was?" sniffled Mihoshi.  "I just had to save you.  They were about to
hurt you."
    "You too Kiyone," continued Tenchi, "thanks for saving me."
    "That's my job," said Kiyone with a smile as she cleaned the gun.
    Mihoshi sniffled again and pointed out, "I'm getting mud all over your
front."
    "It will match my back," joked Tenchi. 'Try not to blush, try not to
blush,' thought Tenchi as he felt Mihoshi's soft behind through the very
thin
and very soaked pink undies.  'HOW can you think about THAT when you almost
were killed!  Think of anything else.  Think about anything else.'
    "Officer Mihoshi," stated Kiyone, "you did a GREAT job."
    "Gee," said a blushing Mihoshi, "thanks."
    "I'll need to clean the chairs after this," sighed Washu.  "Can you hand
me a cup of coffee, no milk, lots of sugar."
    "Where are we going now?" demanded Kiyone after she had watched the
redhead swallow a cup of coffee.
    "The other side of the spectrum," said Washu as she refilled her cup and
added sugar.  "A planet as far away from dinosaurs as I can get.  One where
mankind has developed, becoming fat and happy."
    "So, you have to set the detectors for energy sources, large ones,"
pointed out Kiyone as she put her pistol away.
    "Yes," replied Washu, "but also I want to avoid wars or postwar Earths.
I am looking for Earth were they have gone BEYOND coal or wood burning, but
have NOT started to blast either other with nukes."
    "In other words," called out Tenchi, "normal background radiation with
lowering levels of industrial waste, BUT high levels of radio broadcasts."
    "I am not going to limit the search to just radio channels, but all
types
of data exchange between humans and machines," replied Washu as she typed
into the ship's detectors the finishing touches.  "There.  Now I just press
ENTER."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters and settings are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  The rest is mine.  Now I get to make all this cool settings!  How
many Earths can I make? Let us see!  There Becca, you're a tree!
