	Legal stuff: Tenchi Muyo! belongs to AIC and Pioneer 
Animations. Raikon, Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao belong 
to me. Akina Makibi and Yukio belong to Liz Holt. Also, the 
Faeroblosian Colony is a creation of my mind. I doubt anyone 
will, but if you have problems with this idea, contact me.
*( End of Chapter 4 ^_~)

************************************************************
**************

	Kiyone suspiciously looked to Raikon. [T-Two Raikons?! Must be all this 
shaking. I've never actually experienced hyperspace before...] "Wow! This is 
fun! Hee 
hee!" Mihoshi giggled bubbily. "We're approaching Saturn, 
girls! We need to get into the nest! If we take out the 
Faeroblosian Queen, the rest will perpetrate suicide! It may 
seem convinient, but getting there will be no simple task! 
Be ready." Kiyone slowly walked over to him. "Raikon...If 
I.."  
	He grabs up her hands in the both of his. "No. If that does 
happen...Mihoshi will be the only survivor."  
	He brushed the teal tresses concealing her face and kisses her on the 
forehead.
She smiled. Then frowned.
	"But what if you...?" "I want you to be happy. Yosho. Yes, Yosho-" "No, 
Raikon. If so the situation comes...I'll become a widow." 
"If that makes you happy..."
"It would." 
	"But don't you worry. I'm too damn stubborn to die." He laughed.
She smiled...but only tears fill her eyes. A wet, warm, 
liquid drop falls onto the top of her head and slides down 
her cheek. She peered up.
	"Why are you crying?" She asked. "Why are you?" "Because I can't lose 
you!"  
She was on the verge of screaming.
	"Nor can I," he replied calmly. He held her close in his gentle arms. "I 
love you too much to ever let you go....Unless, that is...That would make you 
happy..." 
	"I'd loathe every minute of what would separate us. I'll never let you 
leave my side." Raikon looked at her devotion to him and smiled at it.
	"Let me get rid of those tears...Your mascara's running." He bent his head 
down and kissed each of her blue eyes getting rid of her tears. She smiled and 
rest 
her head against his chest. She is happy in his hands.
	Raikon landed Saikyou an eighth of a mile away from the outskirts of the 
faeroblosian nest. "We must be careful," Raikon whispered as he brought up his 
telecomp 
and clacked in some keys. He pulled out his SI pistol, which 
slightly resembled a Desert Eagle, from the storage portal 
that was breached and slipped it into his left theigh 
holster. 	He pressed a few more keys and from the portal came a GP sanctioned 
rifle which evoked that of an assault rifle. He handed it to Mihoshi and said, 
"Mihoshi, 
take this. Take down as many as possible. Stealth is very 
important!" "Right!"  
Raikon dug through his pockets and eventually pulled out a 
bottlecap-sized purple disc. 
	"Here we are." He put it into her ear and tapped it twice. It expanded 
into a com-munication headphone. "Go in first, Mihoshi. We'll back you up. 
Remember to 
notify us for assistance. Be careful!" "I will. I'll kick 
those bugs' butts' three ways from Sunday!"
"Yeah....You do that...Oh, yeah. And if worse comes to 
worse...Use these."  
He pulled out a flask of alcohol and a small, torch lighter. 
"Yes sir!" 
She hurriedly trooped down the valley, nearer to the nests, 
and doing so, suprisingly enough, with stealth. 
	Raikon turned back to Kiyone. "I have something that will be useful." He 
pulled two orange discs from his pocket and telekinetically floated them before 
her. 
"What are those?" she asked. Not saying a think, Raikon slid 
a hand down and over her chest and pulled out her SI pistol. 
She shivered and giggled. 
He attached a disc to the side of the of the gun and tapped 
it. It spun around and clicked.
He does the same with his Desert Eagle. "These are basically 
silencers, my dear," he explained. "Give me your High-
Tension Yo-yo." She handed it to him.
Kiyone watched Raikon, with a flick of the wrist, zing it 
around. Her eyes widened as the yo-yo sparked with 
electricity.  
	"There. When you use it, it'll attack with a vicious blast of electricity. 
A formid-
able weapon, indeed." He handed it back to her and she 
strapped it to her hip.
"You're the best...Well, let's go catch up to Bubblehead." 
"Yeah..." 
	He grabbed up her hands and brought them to his mouth and kissed them. He 
brought her clenching hands to his chest. Kiyone did the same with his hands and 
brought his palms to her breast. They embraced, and with a 
kiss left to the ominous field.

	Raikon smacked a hand down over a nervous Mihoshi's mouth. He pulled her 
trigger arm behind her back. She struggled in vain effort and exhausted herself 
in 
muffled screams. "Calm down, Mihoshi. It's us," Raikon 
whispered. "If you were really caught be a fearoblo, you'd 
be in pieces before you could even get out a grunt."
She looked over to her left and saw Kiyone attepting to 
stifle a chuckle. This too was a vain effort. Mihoshi's 
grumbling soon slowed to panting. Raikon released her from 
the grip and removed his hand. "I'm so glad you guys didn't 
abandon me! I was starting to get scared! Those nasty bugs 
almost got me! I blew a few of 'em away though!"
	Very good, Mihoshi," Kiyone said in an annoyed monotone. "Mihoshi," Raikon 
said, "you made very good progress. We're a half a mile away from the main 
nest." 
"Half a mile?" Kiyone said in amazement. "Well we'll soon 
descend into the maelstrom.
Keep your senses vigil and your weapons handy. Be 
prepared...The utmost caution is needed here on in."
	Suddenly, *HOO-RHAKKA!!! HIIISSSS!!*
Raikon blasted the advancing creature into oblivion with a 
well placed forehead shot of                   his trusted 
Desert Eagle. 
	"See what I mean? Be ever ready and vigilant." The giant insect crumpled 
hard to the ground, twitching. It resembled something between a humongous 
centipede and 
a king sized cockroach. The fearoblo's head oozed of a 
glowing, sulfuric yellow slime.
	What was left of the mandibles gnashed as the nerves were ruptured. It's 
thorax swayed in the air in a cold, dead dance.
"We need to make haste. We must reach the queen as soon as 
possible." "Yeah...But how can we get to her without wasting 
time killing bugs?" Mihoshi asked. 
"Very simple..," he said and dissapeared. He reappeared high 
in the sky above them with a sinister look in his eye. His 
hand charged some of the electricity in the air. 
	"We'll plow through 'em!"  
He discharged the blast that swept the land like a 
thunderous firestorm. 
Mangled, insect bodies were flung into the air. "What a 
powerful, mysterious seraph of a man," Kiyone swooned. 
Raikon appeared again on the ground. "That should save a 
good ten minutes.
Let's hurry!" They avoided the grotesque hordes of insects, 
most dead, many near death. They easily decided teleporting 
through the field of casualties would be the most prominent 
move. 
Eventually, they reached a point where there was only one 
gaping hole straight in front of them.
	
	"The Faeroblosian Gate...Now we descend into the maelstrom...a maelstrom 
it is indeed. The creatures residing down there are fierce beasts...More 
ravenous," he 
said, pointing out the carpet of corpses, "than these here. 
We must ascend these heights and destroy the queen." Without 
another word, they leaped down the hole, descending into the 
maelstrom.

	"This must be the welcoming party," Kiyone growled. They were greeted by 
plumper than usual faeroblos. Each player was given eight dancing partners. One 
group 
came at Mihoshi. She shot at them with her assault rifle. 
"Yah! Stupid bugs! Get away! ..Huh..?"
They continued their advance. 
"Wah! What do I do!...Hey! I know!" She took a big swig from 
the flask and clicked on the lighter. Three were fried 
crisply. Another three were engulfed in flames. The two 
others fled.
Mihoshi cheered. "Yay! Yay!"
	Kiyone laughed at the haughty bugs. She pulled out her HT Yo-yo, spun it 
up seperating it in two. She performed a horizontal 'round-the-world, smashing 
and 
jolting the big bugs. Some were unconscious, some were 
paralyzed, and the rest were dead. 
	For Raikon, his predicament was a cakewalk. He smiled and put his hand up 
to his face and spread his fingers. He charged a sphere of energy and raised it 
above 
his head. His grin widened...Then turned to a scowl. He 
twisted his wrist and slammed the energy into the ground.
As he returned to his feet, a white flash sheened and the 
orb in the earth transformed into a ring of sprites blasting 
up from the ground and killing the wyrms. 
"C'mon! We aren't too far now!" Raikon exclaimed. Kiyone 
clicked her blaster to a widespread shot and attacked the 
approaching bugs at the left flank. Mihoshi flamed the gnats 
at the right flank as Raikon carpet-bombed the direct 
precession.
	They mercilessly fought through the insect infantry... Blasting, burning, 
and bombarding them. The small yet ruthless crew devoured the monsters in  the 
cloak 
of death and its grand, dark fall.
	The infantry had very soon fallen as far as the eye could see. "That way," 
he said, pointing straight ahead. They continued on forward. They went past two 
stone 
pillars, and at which six, humongous faeroblos streamed up 
through the ground in front of them. 
One whipped Mihoshi and she was flung back. That one and 
another scramble after her. The other four split into two 
groups and divide Raikon and Kiyone from one another.
	Mihoshi is noticeably frightened. The roaches roared and hissed and 
snapped at her. "Uugnh...Stay back! That's sexual assault on an officer!" she 
blathered. 
"Get away!!"
She brought the rifle to a shaking point. "I'll shoot!" 
The insect snapped its mandibles. 
"Gaaaahhhh!"  
She fired off a few rounds then opened her eyes.
To her suprise, there lay the two, gruesome, bug corpses at 
her feet.
	The first two faeroblos approached them. They shot a glace to one another. 
They snapped their hands to their waists. The insects lurched forward. 
The insects soon found themselves with gaping holes in their 
foreheads. The faeroblos crashed to the ground.
Raikon and Kiyone smiled to each other. The remaining two 
bugs squalled and rushed towards them. Raikiyo corkscrew 
into the air, Raikon charging an orb of energy.
They both landed on the faeroblos' backs. Raikon pushed the 
sphere into its back. Kiyone found a soft spot in the 
faeroblo's neck and impaled her fingers into it. She smiled 
as she felt the blood rush upon her fingers and as she 
released the given energy from Raikon's
busy fingers* into the open wound. 
They both leap from the creatures' backs and see the 
monsters explode.
	Kiyone swung her wrist to remove the slop and blood from her hand. "That 
wasn't too hard now was it, my dear?" Raikon asked. He swept back her hair and 
embraced 
her in a passionate kiss. "We're getting very close," he 
said with ire burning in his voice.
"I hate bugs!!!" Mihoshi squealed. They continued down the 
path. "Honey?" Kiyone said. "Where are we supposed to go?" 
"I'm not sure...I couldn't find the entrance to the queen's 
lair...it should be somewhere around...WHOA!!" 
	The ground opened up and they fell down through the earth, tumbling down 
through the somber, stale air.
	The landing was suprisingly soft. Not one of them were injured. "What is 
that noise?" Raikon seethed. "I can't recognize it either..." Kiyone spun her 
head 
around to it but in vain...she only could see the face of 
her partner and of her fiance. 
Mihoshi gripped her nose. "It really stinks."
"Oh..We've...found it...The queen's lair," Raikon said with 
a shudder. 
Sadly, their eyes began to focus...
He turned around and easily in his view appeared a bloated, 
grotesque monster.  
	"My God!" Kiyone said as she too saw the unwanted sight. "WAH!" Mihoshi 
begins to cry. Raikon grated his teeth. Suddenly, the Queen Faeroblos pointed 
her head 
to the high ceiling, the one hundred yard high ceiling which 
was only fifteen feet above its head. It shot a blast of 
energy from its mouth.The room filled with light.
"NOOO!!!!!"
	When the light cleared, they found themselves back on the surface of 
Saturn. "Go my children!" a raspy voice hissed. The ground mole-hilled in three 
different 
locations. These faeroblos were much like the last group 
except larger but slimmer. 
"Go and kill them my guardians!" the Queen Faeroblo cackled. 
Raikon scowled.
The lean monsters fluidly lope to our heroes. 
Raikon bended to one knee. Just as the wyrms are about to 
pummel them into the dirt, Raikon, Kiyone, and Mihoshi 
synchronizedly corkscrewed up and over their enemies.
The outraged bugs turned around and swung both claws at the 
GPOs. Simueltaneously, they duck. The GP trio exchange 
roundhouses, jabs, hooks, kicks, and blocks with the 
faeroblosian warriors. 
Neither group overpowered the other. This battle of rogues 
and rueless power lasted nearly a quarter of an hour. Raikon 
could blow them away with ease...
He knew that...
He knew also that he needed to save his energy...
"Come back to me, my children!" the angry Queen shrieked. 
The three bugs rush back through their hills. 
Suddenly, and without warning, she released a discharge-a 
speeding flare of energy-like a bullet train...
Straight at Kiyone.
	Raikon's eyes contracted and dialated. "NNNNNOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!" Just at the 
last possible gigasecond, Raikon teleported in front of Kiyone. Light fills 
everywhere. 
The light soon clears.
He winces.
His eyes began to glow a blue of an archangel. He shoots a 
Shell over Mihoshi.
"Mihoshi!" he screamed. "Get to Saikyou! NOW!!" She blinked. 
"R-Right!"
She ran off, away from the battle. "Go after her!" the 
monster queen yelled. A single  faeroblosian guard popped 
from the ground and quickly followed after her. 
Raikon's head snapped to the bugs. He flung a wave of energy 
at the spawn. 
It died with a resounding boom. 
He slipped to one knee and winced in pain. He looked to 
Kiyone with a smile. "Need a ride? Hop on."
She smiled back at him and jumped to him, swinging her arms 
around his neck. He stood up.
"Wanna dance?" He skid to one side. "Let's dance!" 
He jet forward at his foes. The two bugs ran at their flying 
end...their floating death.
His fists glowed into two spheres of electricity as he flew.
He raked into the two, killing them with ease.
"Nooo...No! NOO!!!" the queen yelled in anguish.
	"I am your sovereign. I am your omega. I am your release," Raikon 
explained as he hovered in the heavy, rueful sky.
	He began to gather darkness. The immense energy started to spark. The orb 
increased in size.
And...
It was formed...concieved...and created.
The Shadow Ball.
Raikon's seraphine eyes sheen. He smiles.
The Shadow Ball is released.
It fell and charged to its destination. The body of the 
queen. The queen's fear is easily noticed. She wanted to run 
away. She couldn't. She would have stopped her plans...
No time...
Her time had come. The universe would be spared. 
The Shadow Ball collided. It burst as it smashed into her 
body. 
Dust was left of all the overthrown monarch's immense body. 
Screams could be heard deep within the earth of Saturn.
	"The ride of death," Raikon started. "It is...gothic rapture," Kiyone 
finished. "Let's return to Saikyou." The two flew back to Raikon's ship.
Kiyone couldn't help but worry about Raikon...She had 
reason...

Inside Saikyou...

	Kiyone walked up behind Raikon and pulled off his flowing cape. She goes 
around him to his front. "Now let's take off that shirt." When he removed his 
outfit, 
it revealed a bloody gore...his body ripped and battered at 
his abdomen. "Oh my God! That must be painful!" Mihoshi 
mused sympathetically. Kiyone peered and her eyes began to 
water. "Oh...My poor baby...Ah," she breathed as she leaned 
up, cupping her hand over his cheek and kissed him. Raikon 
smiled. "It's not that bad. Really. Augh..." She kissed him 
firmer this time. "Mmm.." She licked her lips. "Let me go 
get some gauze." 
She walked over to the main control panel and opened a 
compartment. She pulled out a roll of medical gauze and 
walked back over to Raikon. She goes behind him and traced 
her finger down his neck and along his spine with a feather-
light stroke. She brushed her hand down along his lower back 
as she kissed him between the shoulder blades.
As she wraps the gauze around his adominal section she lay 
her head on his shoulder.
As she wrapped the last wrap tightly over his wound, she 
licked the inside of his ear and giggled at his shiver.
Kiyone returned to his front and held his hands and tasted 
his lips...
	*BEEP* A hologram of the Section Chief's face appeared. "Yes sir?" Kiyone 
answered. 
"Is everything alright?" He looked over to Raikon in his 
trousers with blood-stained gauze wrapped around his 
midpoint. 
"Oh...Yes," Raikon began, "I have disposed of the 
Faeroblosian Queen. Mission: Successful." He saluted. 
"Very good, sir. That wound looks merciless. Do heal up, 
sir!" He lifted his hand to his forehead as the picture 
beeped back out.
	Raikiyo looked at each other and smiled. Suddenly, Raikon again fell to 
one knee holding his middle and groaned. Kiyone was startled. "Are you 
alright?!"  
"Yeah..ugh...I'll live...guh...I think I just need to lie 
down..." 
"Argh...We're almost home...We're almost to Okiyama.." 
She put his big arm around her shoulder and stood up. She 
carried him, in shuffles, over to the control panel. "Now 
just sit here and relax," Kiyone lovingly instructed Raikon. 
"And when we get back to Okiyama, you can rest at my side. 
Okay?"  She sat on his lap and leaned up, giving him a kiss. 
	"You're too good for me," Raikon smirked. She shook her head. "I'm just 
right for you. Anyone would do this for the one who saved their life. Besides, 
all I've 
done is bandage your wounds. Anyone would do that just out 
of humanity. Good Samaritan's Law."
"Yeah...I guess...But the kiss." He chuckled.
"Oh, well. That. Well my dear, sweet, loving husband-to-be, 
there is plenty more where that came from." She grinned. 
Raikon grinned back.
"I do hope so my kind, gentle, beloved fiance." They 
proceeded to lip-lock as they wrapped their arms around each 
other.
"*sniff sniff*," sniffled Mihoshi. "I can't wait until you 
two get married! It's making me cry already!!" They laughed, 
then continued to kiss each other in one another's arms.
















