Author’s Note: Most of the characters in the following story are not mine
and in no way do I claim them to be.  Nor do I claim that I created the
universe that the characters are placed in.  The characters and the
universe remain the property of Hitoshi Okuda, Pioneer LDC, INC and
Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO.  Please do not sue.  This is a fanfic
and is nothing more than a show of my appreciation to the creators of
Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

                        Chapter 4

The Juraian council had convened as quickly as possible in light of the
odd happenings near the Belt of Sojin.  However it was quickly found
that there was little information of the happenings though its affects were
ominously felt.  The council chamber was filled with dozens of voices that
melded into one.

            “But the question is what happened to the Galaxy Police fleet at
station 21?”

            “Unknown.  All contact with the fleet and the station as well as its
guard fleet was lost.  Likewise we have lost all recon fighter flights into the
area.  It seems that everything that goes within a hundred light years of the
Sojin system never comes back.”

            “Yes and its getting worse.”  A holographic star map appeared in
the center of the chamber.  “If you will all look at the map you’ll see that
the area blocked to our sensors is quickly growing and soon it will arrive
at-“

            “Yes, Jurai.  We know all that.  We must defend our planet.”

            “I agree but you see the problem is that we have lost
communications, not just in the area around Sojin but all over the galaxy. 
Some force of a power beyond what we can understand is blocking
every message we or anyone else sends.  Panic has gripped every single
world in the galaxy that depends on stellar travel and the pirates have
taken full advantage of this.  What’s worse is that with half of the Galaxy
Police fleet… missing the GP forces are spread exceedingly thin and are
barely maintaining control let alone peace.”

            “So there is no way to send a message anywhere?”

            “No and as you know the princesses are currently on Earth.  We
may have no way of contacting them but rest assured we are sending a
sizable feet.”

            “The ruling family has been informed then?”

            “Yes.  In fact the king and queen themselves are traveling to Earth
at this very moment.”

            “Good.”

“Look, what do we know about this thing?  This thing that’s causing the
disturbances?”

            “Nothing.  We don’t know what it is because we can’t get our
ships close enough without them disappearing.  Whatever it is it’s
powerful.  That’s all we know.”

            “What can we do then?”

            “Pray.  Pray and hope this thing stops before it reaches Jurai. 
Pray that our feet can stop it.”

            “The fleet is ready then?”

            “Yes, but we have no way of communicating with them even
though they are still in the system.”

            “We shall pray then.”

            “That is all we can do.”
 
To be continued...


