Well here we go it's another episode and I hope that
you really like it.

	-Daniel

I never thought I would never change my opinion again
But you move me in a way I never known
You move me in a way I never known

	-Savage Garden: Break me, shake me.

^&*^&*^&*^&*^&*^&*^&*^&*^&*&*^&*^&*^

Previously on Tenchi Muyo no need for extra characters!

Kat:  They should apologize!

Ryoko:  Who’s going to make us?

Kat: I will . . .

Kat and Ryoko bore holes into each other.  Feng tried to  
reach for Kat and get her away but she lunged for  
Ryoko.  Ryoko greeted the attack with her plasma blade.   
Feng could do nothing but pray that neither of the two  
would let the fight get out of hand.  That was like  
wishing for the sun to stop shining.

Ryoko:  Little girl, I’m going to kick your ass!

Kat:  Just try it!  I know who you are SPACE  
PIRATE!

They wrestled around on the floor the control was in  
Kat's hands since she turned into her cougar form.   
Ryoko kicked Kat off and stood up as she caught her  
breath.

Ryoko:  I think it’s time to make a violin out of  
you!

Tenchi:  Don’t Ryoko!

Tenchi jumped into the line of fire and took the blast.   
Tenchi had fallen to the floor in a heap.  In the midst of  
the confusion something in Ayeka’s composure snapped.

Ayeka: Argh!  Take this you beastly harlot!

Ayeka shrouded Kat in a power shield but Feng knocked  
Kat out of the power shield and took her place inside.   
The steady hum of electricity and the smell of charred  
flesh filled the room.  Feng joined Tenchi on the floor.

Feng: . . . No, more fighting please . . . . . [passes  
out]

Sasami was on the verge of tears; she knew too well that  
things are bound to get worse.  She ran to Tenchi and  
turned him on his back only to see a deep cut on his  
shoulder spilling out blood.  Sasami winced at the sight  
of blood, she turned to Feng and both were consumed in  
aura, his wounds disappeared but he did not wake up.

Sasami:  Ryoko I need you to give a gem to  
Tenchi.  He’ll recover faster.

Ryoko: Right.

Ryoko prayed for one of her gems to go to Tenchi.   
Tenchi’s wounds faded away as he woke up.

Tenchi:  {Weary} Oh, man.  Anyone get the  
number on that truck?

Ryoko:  Tenchi!  You’re OK!

Ryoko hugged Tenchi tightly but the odd thing was there  
was a second Tenchi standing not too far away.

	Kat:  How did he do that?

	Ryoko:  A doppelganger?

(Shadow) Tenchi:  No, I’m just as real as the one you are  
hugging.  But something is strange, even with this going  
on.

	Ryoko:  What?

	#2 Tenchi: I don’t have a strong attraction to  
you, but Ayeka on the other hand . . .

	Ayeka: [Blushes] Tenchi, is what you say is  
true?

	#2 Tenchi: I wouldn’t have said it Ae-chan, if I  
had not meant it.

	Ayeka: [Deeper blush] Ae-chan?!  (Giggles)

Everyone had fallen over with the exception of Ayeka  
since she was in her own fantasy world thinking about  
being with Tenchi.  Kat got back and saw Kiyone sitting  
beside Feng trying to wake him up.

	Kiyone:  Wake up Feng please, for me.

Kat wanted to tear her to pieces but realized Feng was  
entitled to his own life.  Kat stood by Kiyone and put a  
comforting hand on her shoulder.

	Kat:  Don’t worry Washu will help us.

	Washu:  [As she enters the room] Maybe I  
should let Feng stay in that vegetable-state to the lot of  
you a lesson.  Better yet I’ll turn him into one since  
that’s all he can be right now.

Kat and Kiyone instantly stand in front Washu glaring  
hard at her.

	Kat:  If you do that then I just found myself a  
good scratching post.

	Kiyone:  Not to mention that the Science  
Academy would like to catch up with you and reprimand  
you for all the rules you broke!

	Washu:  Easy now!  All it takes is a catalyst to  
get the right reaction.  And I’m the most kawaii catalyst  
there is!

Kat and Kiyone stare at the small scientist blank faced.  
Washu let out an exasperated sigh.

	Washu:  I’ll get Feng in my lab and look him  
over to see what I can do.  Both Tenchis should start  
learning how to use those new powers.

	(Ryoko’s) Tenchi:  I’m willing to learn  
something from Ryoko. [Grins]

	Ryoko:  That’s our cue to leave!

Ryoko teleports away with her Tenchi leaving all the  
others to perspire at the mere thought at what they  
'could' be doing.

	Tenchi:  It’s just like me to do that!  I’m so  
ashamed.

Ayeka sheepishly walks up to her Tenchi.  Tenchi  
smiled warmly and took her hand.

	Tenchi:  Lady Ayeka, let’s go for a stroll  
through the woods.  I think that 'Kenchi' and Ryoko  
will be busy.

	Ayeka: 'Kenchi'?

	Tenchi:  That’s Ryoko’s Tenchi had agreed to be  
called.  That is only when we are separated.

	Ayeka:  Very clever I must say, but I will be  
able to tell the difference between you two.

	Tenchi:  How?

Ayeka looked at him expectantly and smiled.

	Ayeka:  By the way you look at me.

Tenchi stood there caught up in what she said.  "By the  
way you look at me."  This gift Ryoko had gave him was  
surely the best.  Not only due to the fact that he admired  
her abilities no.  She gave him the answer to the question  
that they long waited for. "Who do you love more  
Tenchi?"  He loved them both.  Ryoko for the strong  
emotions she felt towards him.  Ayeka was the most  
kind and regal woman he had ever known, and she had a  
special place in her heart for him.  They both did and  
always will.  Now he didn’t have to chose just one of  
them and break the other’s heart.  He would be forever  
grateful for that.

Somewhere in the woods Ryoko and Tenchi sit together.   
Ryoko leans her back against his chest.  They both stay  
silent enjoying being alone for a change.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi, I want to know something.

	Tenchi:  What?

	Ryoko:  Are you the real Tenchi?

	Tenchi:  I’m just as real as the one with Ayeka.   
Since I did separate we only have one difference.

	Ryoko:  I know what that is now.  You love me  
Tenchi.

	Tenchi:  I do.  Ryoko, I love you for the  
beautiful, strong, and amazing woman you are.  Ever  
since I could lay my eyes on you I loved you.

	Ryoko:  But why were you so secretive about it?   
You know I love you Tenchi.

	Tenchi:  Put yourself in my shoes, you have two  
of the most attractive and powerful women in the known  
universe and they have a big crush on you.  Here is  
where it gets hard; you can’t express how you feel  
towards one of them fearing that it’ll kill the other.  It’s  
hard on you and it’s hard on them.

	Ryoko:  Tenchi, why didn’t you tell us?  I know  
we are headstrong but not THAT bad!

	Tenchi:  Let’s not talk about this anymore.  The  
past is past and there is nothing I can do to change it.   
Ryoko, we never really went on a date have we?

	Ryoko: [Eyes widen with excitement, but plays  
it casual] No, not really.  Are you asking me out?

	Tenchi:  Well . . . I was going to but . . .  
[Sweats] . . . There is a carnival coming next week and I  
thought about taking you.

Ryoko teleported and now she was facing him with her  
amber eyes shining.

	Ryoko:  I’d love to.

In Washu’s laboratory Feng lays in his comatose state.   
But inside he fights to wake up.  Washu types into her  
console trying to scope all the damage that had been  
done.

	Washu:  Hmm, damage to the memory fields of  
his mind, Ayeka really let him have it.  There is only one  
thing to do.

	Kat:  What?  Tell me.  I’ll do anything for Feng!

	Washu:  I have a machine that connects two  
minds at once.  This was used to establish my link with  
Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki.  But I can calibrate it so that one  
of you can go in his mind and wake him up.

	Kiyone:  Kat you do it.  You are more devoted  
to Feng than I am.  I guess Feng and me weren’t meant  
to be.

	Kat:  Kiyone . . . I’m so sorry.

	Kiyone:  Don’t be, you love him more than I  
could.  Besides who makes them better soul mate, the  
friend or the lover?

	Washu:  I’m ready to connect you Kat.

	Kat:  Ok.

Washu attaches various life monitoring devices and then  
a metal helm.  The youth scientist starts to type  
command functions; Kat blacks out then wakes up in a  
lifeless white plain.  This is Feng’s mind.

	Kat:  Washu, can you hear me?

	Washu:  Yes.  Now that you are in his mind  
there is one thing that must be said.

	Kat:  Shoot.

	Washu:  If you get seriously hurt in there I’ll  
pull you out.  If you die in there, you lose your mind and  
become a vegetable yourself.

	Kat:  That won’t happen.

	Washu:  Ok then, starting tracking signal and  
emergency pullout measures.

	Kat walks into the depths of one Feng Tiannai’s  
mind.  As she proceeds Kat sees various bits and pieces  
of his past.  Ranging from birthdays to contracted  
murders, and the other things Kat would not like to have  
seen.  Kat comes to a large empty area with someone  
sitting in a leather chair smoking.  She runs to the person  
feeling as if it were somebody familiar.

	Kat:  Feng, are you ok?

	Feng:  Better than ever.  I found out who I  
REALLY am.

	Kat:  Don’t be stupid.  You are Feng Tiannai.

	Feng:  Kathryn.  I am Feng but, to a certain  
degree.  I have his body, emotions, memories, but there  
is something more, a certain feeling that has grown  
stronger within me.  Kathryn, I, love you.  I’ve known it  
since I first saw you with my own eyes.  Not the  
memories, they helped me get to know you but they  
were the original Feng’s.  I fell in love with you on my  
own.

Kat grips him in a tight hug as she welled up.

	Kat: God Feng, you don’t know how long I’ve  
been waiting to hear that from you.  But why didn’t you  
tell me earlier?

	Feng:  Well I knew you were royalty; we would  
never have a chance marry, let alone even date.

	Kat:  That doesn’t matter!  I love you and will  
do anything for you!  I’ll renounce my heritage to be  
with you!! [Rests her head on his chest as she cries.]

Feng stood there as Kat held him tightly.  He wrapped  
his arms gently around Kat then gave her a comforting  
squeeze.

	Feng:  I want show you something Kat.

Feng and Kat are whisked into the past of his mind.   
They are at the beginning of the Antioch war.  Kat is  
putting her belongings in her ship as Feng runs up to her  
in royal guard uniform.  His black tunic and slacks made  
him look like a proud warrior ready to fight and protect  
his princess.  Feng put his hand on her shoulder.  At this  
time they are around sixteen.

	Kat:  Tell me again Feng, why do I have to  
leave?

	Feng:  You have to.  I would go nuts if I lost  
you.  Besides I want to be sure that none of the royal  
family be harmed.  They alone can harness the true  
power of Sao, our earth guardian.

	Kat:  I’ll miss you terribly, who else will jump  
the gate to make sure that I’m sleeping well?

	Feng:  Here.

	Feng pulls out a necklace with a large topaz.

	Feng:  This is a family heirloom.  I’m supposed  
to make a wish and give it to a woman that I cherish.   
Kat here take it. [Hands it to her] Make a wish and both  
of ours will come true.

	Kat:  Thank you.

Elite personal bodyguards for her take aboard Kat.  Feng  
tries to catch up apparently trying to say something.

	Feng:  Kat I, . . .

The memory fades away.

	Feng:  That was the one time I tried to tell you  
how I felt.  But you took off before I could say another  
syllable.

	Kat:  Then it shows that you ARE Feng Tiannai.

	Feng:  (sighs) I wish it were that simple.  But let  
me put it like this.  Feng had his soul, but me, I have  
none.  I can’t feel any remorse from all the evil I had  
done.

Kat stepped away. She rose her left hand and with all her  
strength Feng across the face.

	Kat:  That’s enough!  You are Feng!  You feel  
just like him, you bleed like him, you love like him, and  
I would not even love any other man if he weren’t Feng  
Tiannai!  You have a soul, his soul.  I can feel it burn  
with passion inside you.

With that Kat disappeared.  In the lab she took of the  
mind link equipment and ran out.  Feng hastily got up  
but Kiyone pressed him down back onto the bed since he  
did not fully regain all of his senses.

	Washu:  You know nothing about yourself Feng.

	Feng:  Then I suppose that the genius scientist  
does?  Please, you have only known me for a few days.

	Washu:  I have intensively scanned your mind  
and read the results.  You ARE Feng Tiannai.  Not that  
damn clone.  You were brainwashed into believing so,  
hook, line, and sinker.  I thought you would have found  
out by now; all clones have no independent  
characteristics or free wills.  They can’t even feel proper  
emotions without obtaining data from someone else’s  
memories!

	Feng:  Then why can’t I . . .

	Washu:  The reason you can’t feel guilty for  
what you did in the past is that you were forced to do so.   
Also your subconious knows that were had no actual  
hand in the matters so drop it and start a new life!

	Feng:  Kiyone . . .

	Kiyone:  I know what you are going to say.   
. . .I’m sorry but I don’t know what to say.  Maybe  
we should be friends. . .

	Feng:  But we never even tried!

	Kiyone:  Would it make any difference?  Look  
Feng, you love Kat.

	Feng:  What about us?  What do we do?

	Kiyone:  Act as if nothing ever had happened  
between us.

	Feng:  Fine.  Washu, do you know where Kat is?

	Washu:  She’s still in the house.  The living  
room exactly.

Kat sits down with Ryoko; Kat is trying her best to tell  
Ryoko what happened between her sobs.

	Kat: . . . and that’s how it happened.  Ryoko, I  
just want to be with him.  Why can’t he see that!

	Ryoko:  Don’t worry Kat I’ll talk to him.  You  
just try to calm down.  I know why don’t you go take a  
bath in the onsen to relax.

	Kat: (Sniffle) Thanks Ryoko.  You now you’re a  
great friend.

	Ryoko:  Hmm . . . we’re friends after we had  
that big fight?

	Kat:  I don’t hold grudges, but you should  
apologize though.  Feng likes you a whole lot, he said  
something about you reminded him of someone.

	Ryoko:  Well you go to the onsen now, and I’ll  
talk to him.

	Kat:  Thank you Ryoko.

	Ryoko:  No problem.

	Kat: One last thing before I go.  You and Tenchi  
make a good couple.

	Ryoko: [Smiles not saying a word]

Kat leaves for the onsen, and Ryoko turns around to  
open Washu’s door.  Feng runs into Ryoko.

	Feng:  Ryoko, what you doing!  Get out of my  
way!

	Ryoko:  Listen here pal I’ve got something to  
tell you.  So you better listen up if you know what’s  
good for you!

	Feng:  Save it for later, I got to catch up with  
Kathryn.

	Ryoko:  It’s about her.

Feng stops instantly and faces Ryoko.

	Feng:  What is it?

	Ryoko:  I’m surprised that she would waste time  
on you, I mean she can have anyone she wants but no,  
Feng is the man of her dreams.

	Feng:  Damnit Ryoko, I don’t want to stand here  
and have to be badgered by you!

Ryoko:  I’ll let you go for now.  Since that Kat is  
so stuck on you.  Listen closely cause I won’t repeat it.
You need to come to terms on how you feel for her; it’s  
pretty bad that I now you love her and you don’t.

	Feng: {Angry} and you can tell this by?

	Ryoko:  By the look have when you see her.

	Feng:  Thanks Ryoko.  I wanted to tell you  
something.

	Ryoko:  I know, I remind you of your older  
sister Minagi.

	Feng:  She looks just like you, and the fiery way  
you act.

	Ryoko: You’d best get to the onsen and go make  
up with Kat.

Feng runs to the onsen, Ryoko smiles as she teleports to  
Tenchi’s room.  Feng stopped at the onsen door and took  
a deep breath and stepped in.  He saw Kat in her towel  
leisurely dipping her feet in the warm water.  Feng took  
his clothes off and wrapped a towel on.

	Feng: Hey Kat.

	Kat:  {surprised but mainly happy to see him}
What are you doing here?

Feng steps into the water and leans back to see her.

	Feng:  I came to tell you that I’m sorry for being  
blind, stupid, and hurtful.

	Kat: Hmm . . . I see.  But to be fair, do you know  
what it felt like to hear what you said to me?

	Feng: [winces] Yes.

Kat dips into the water beside him and holds him close.

	Kat:  Then you know that YOU are Feng and  
nothing can change that.

	Feng:  I am Feng Tiannai, the one you love and  
the one who loves you back with every fiber of his  
being.

Kat eyes get a dreamy look and she smiles deeply.
Feng cups her chin in his hand, Kat puts one her hands  
on the base of his neck and pulls him into a kiss.

Off in the woods Tenchi and Ayeka hold hands as they  
walked carefree.

	Ayeka:  This is what I had always prayed for, to  
finally be with you Ten-chan.

	Tenchi: I had always wanted to be with you also  
Ayeka.  I have something to tell you.

	Ayeka: Yes?

Tenchi turns to face Ayeka and takes her hands into his.
He looked intently in Ayeka’s crimson eyes.


	Tenchi:  I want to be with you, Ayeka, I love  
you so much.

Ayeka said nothing; she stood there with her arms  
draped around Tenchi.  His arms wrapped around her  
waist holding her close.  Feng had finally tracked the  
two down; he got things ready for the party since it  
didn’t happen just yet.

	Feng:  Hey Tenchi!  Ready to celebrate your  
birthday?


	Tenchi:  (grumbles) . . . {Fake casual yet happy  
tone} Yeah!  Whenever you are ready.


Kat runs up to Tenchi and takes him by the arm.

	Kat:  Come on Tenchi, you can walk me home  
so Ayeka and Feng can talk.

	Tenchi: (stumbles over words) . . . . .Uh, ok.

Feng takes Ayeka aside and talks to her.  Tenchi walks  
with Kat back to the house.

	Feng:  Ok, we are alone.  I need to ask you an  
important question.

	Ayeka: (sighs) Why must you pester me now?  I  
was enjoying time being finally alone with Tenchi.

	Feng: I’ll take that as a reluctant yes.  I want to  
since Tenchi IS 18 will he be able to go to Jurai and get  
his space tree ship?

Ayeka looked at him surprised that he knew such things  
about Jurai.  They never talked about traditions unless it  
was safe to do so.  Ayeka took a moment to find the  
right way to answer without giving any Jurian secrets  
away.

	Ayeka:  Yes, when a Jurian becomes the right  
age that person must be tested to see if they can wield  
the power of a Jurian Tree.

	Feng:  Good. You’ll train him on how to use  
those powers.  Then I’ll test him in battle.

	Ayeka:  What!

	Feng:  It is tradition in my family to help friends  
or loved ones in any manner possible.  Look at it this  
way.  When Tenchi proves himself a worthy heir to the  
throne, how could Asuza refuse your unison?

Ayeka smiles at the thought of seeing Tenchi in Jurian  
wedding garments.

	Ayeka:  When do his lessons start?

	Feng:  Give him a week after Katsuhito finishes  
his lessons with Tenchi.

	Ayeka:  This is very inappropriate, the father, or  
in my case, my mother had taught me.

	Feng:  Is that it?  Kate taught me how to morph,  
[smiles] to think of it, I never thanked her for that.

	Ayeka:  Oh please!  If we have finished, I would  
like to get back to Tenchi now.

	Feng:  Go ahead.

Ayeka walked off but soon thought of Feng said about  
Kate teaching him how to change his form.

     ‘[Smiles] to think of it, I never thanked her for that.’

	Feng: Ayeka!  Tell Kate I’ll be there in a few  
minutes I got to get something.

	Ayeka:  Yes I shall.

Feng ran off to the wreckage to look for one last item  
that was there.

Deep in the twisted and torn hull was a small string of  
beads lightly singed?  Odd, this little trinket had always  
survived the worst times and came in use when he had  
prayed to Tokemi.  He sat cross-legged; he wrapped the  
beads around his hands and prayed with eyes shut.

	Feng:  Tokemi, hear my prayer.

A gentle and affirming presence settled by him.  Slowly  
he opened his eyes to see Tokemi.

	Tokemi:  My child you had called for me?

	Feng:  {Too shocked to speak} . . . Tokemi?

Feng instantly bowed down daring not to lift his head  
up.

	Tokemi:  Stand Feng Tiannai.  I had came to  
you.  Now, what is it you wish to speak to me about?

	Feng:  It’s Tenchi and the others.  I only wished  
that they would be happy for now.  Later times will be  
difficult.

	Tokemi:  They have my blessing.  Feng I want  
you to do something for me.

	Feng:  Anything Lady Tokemi.

	Tokemi:  Watch Tenchi.  He has a great power  
in him that he cannot control as of yet.  I want you to  
guard him and the ones with him.  Also Kathryn needs to  
be the acting queen of Antioch soon I want you to take  
here home.  There is one last thing, bring Washu, and  
Sasami to me. For they are my sisters and long for thier  
company.

	Feng:  [Bows deeply] Your will shall be done.

	Tokemi:  I thank you Feng. [Fades slowly away]   
My son I know you will not fail me.

	Feng:  Son?

Feng wakes up and stands on his feet.  His beads were  
replaced with a sort of circlet.  The metallic headband  
had fitted perfectly.  Somewhere in the distance he heard  
someone nearing.

	Feng:  Who is there?

	Voice 1: Now son, I have found you.

The mysterious voice stepped from the bushes into plain  
view.  The cloaked man had his face hidden but Feng  
knew who it was.

	Feng {Enraged} Father . . .  

	Fengs’ Father: Good you had not forgotten about  
me when you ran off to live your criminal life and bring  
shame to my family.

	Feng:  Yeah right, you ran me out when I hurt  
Minagi on accident.  She was the only child that you  
could manipulate.  I hated you for that and still hate you.   
My real father died when he was fighting for his land.   
You just stepped in and looked sympathetic, and married  
Kurita my mother.

	Fengs’ Father: Yes well, I have been watching  
and waiting.  Nagi proved to be most helpful and she had  
joined up with me.  Enjoy your time here.  I’ll come for  
your criminal hide when I please.

	Feng: I’ll be waiting. [Glares, then walks away]  
Just don’t expect to live after the fight.

*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#*#**#*#*#*#


Next episode is "Celebration"

