***This Fanfic is written without the permission of both Pioneer and 
AIC but I'm not selling it so please do not sue me. Actually what you can 
do Pioneer and AIC is reopen sales of Tenchi in the UK (you know how 
much it costs to get the stuff from America!!!!!!!) PLEASE!!!! Anyway 
this fanfic was thought up and written in a day after seeing all of the 
Fics which Ryoko wins the heart of Tenchi which I can understand. Anyway 
feeling a little sorry for Aieka I decided to add something into her 
life, hence this came out of my head to give Aieka some happiness for 
once. What really did it for me was the short fan fic which Aieka 
reflected on what happened and what might've been and in the end she runs away 
to find herself...so sad :( So I wrote this. Any pats on the back, 
flames, or helpful suggestions or basically just to tell me that you saw it 
please send ya e-mails to Puddah@ntlworld.com. Thanks and above all 
ENJOY!***

No Need for Watching! Part 1.....


"Forign Exchange!" Ryoko asked "isn't that an exchange of slaves or 
something?"
"No no" laughed Tenchi as he read the phamphlet from his school (or 
disaster area, still recovering from Ryoko and Tenchi's big night out).
"Then what is it Tenchi?" Sassami asked.
"People my age from other countries come to stay for the summer, help 
out and learn about our culture, big jump from a couple of hundred years 
ago eh?" Tenchi Explained.
"So who exactly will we be entertaining for the Summer?" Aieka asked.
Tenchi paused for a second and looked at the sheet that came with it 
"Gary Thatchell from Great Britain"

Tenchi took the time to look around the room to see where everyone was 
seeing he had his face buried in the leaflet since he had got in. Ryoko 
was looking down from the ceiling, Sassami was looking over from the 
table with Ryo-ohki and Aieka was standing by her sister. Washu was 
working on something, father was away in Tokyo working and Grandad...well he 
didn't know what Grandad was doing. Tenchi turned to exit. Mihoshi was 
somewhere else in the solar system, reading love comics or something.

"He'll be comming in two days time, I've gotta do some chores, seeya 
later" said Tenchi as he walked out.

A bit of scilence for a second.

"Wow" Sassami said "A new person from the other side of the Planet 
staying".
"Question is how will he react to us?" mused Ryoko, tail poking through 
the ceiling every once in a while.
"You'd probably scare him away, either that or insult him with your 
manners (or lack of them)" laughed Aieka.
"Oh yeah you'd bore stiff with your attitude!" glared down Royoko.
"Oh yeah" glared back Aieka.
"Yeah little girl!" bit Ryoko.
"Why you" shouted Aieka and not for the first time a test of stregnth 
ensued, this time, Aieka pushing up and Ryoko pushing down. Sassami just 
sat as usual reading and stroking Ryo-ohki.

"Well I'll give him a nice welcome" she thought.

************

"Foreign Exchange!" exclaimed Washu in her lab "Never had one of those 
in ages".
"Yeah well, hes comming tommorow" Tenchi said "Brekfast is ready 
y'know".
"Tommorow!!" shriked Washu jumping up into the air "sorry Tenchi but 
I've got a alot of work to finnish before tommorow so leave me in peace 
please, just leave the information sheet on the desk"
Tenchi shrugged "Sure thing little Washu" and walked back through the 
door.
When Tenchi left, Washu clicked her fingers and a small robot holding 
the sheet appeared next to her holding the sheet up so she could read 
it. 

She raised an eyebrow "Strange" she thought "his face, so famililar". 
She looked up and said "Computer"

"Yes Washu" a chimed response came.
"Little Washu goddamit!" she shouted.
The computer stopped and computed for a while then said "Yes little 
Washu"
"Check all records both using both Earth and Galactic records for the 
name Gary Thatchell"
"Computing Wa-" cut off.
"ah ah" smiled Washu.
"Little Washu" grumbled the computer.
There was a wait for a few seconds then a panel appeared in front of 
her showing the results.
"No know galactic records of said subject, according to Earth records 
he is 18, lives in Hammersmith London, Great Britain, has a high level 
of Secondary and pre university education, currently taking a year out 
before University to see his planet. Unemployed, White, Anglo Saxon, 
Brown hair, brown eyes, average weight and build and no known long term 
medical problems."
Washu blinked "What? there must be more"
"Negative Little Washu" chimed the computer.
"Check every record in the universe for said subject"
Again the there was a pause.
"Search complete Little Washu"
"Any results?" Washu asked.
"Negative little Washu"
Washu thought for a second "Hmm, I'll have to find out about him the 
hard way.".

***********

Yosho was in the courtyard of the shrine, looking out at the 
countryside as the sun set. "He comes tommorow" he said calmly.

"Yes but how will he take Ryoko and Aieka's antics?" Asked Tenchi.

"Watch and learn Grandson" Smiled Yosho "watch and learn"

The next day was bright and full of excitement, everyone was by the 
gates waiting for the new arrival. Sadly though the day turned to night.

"Should'nt he be here by now?" asked Ryoko agitated.
"He should be, I got a call from him in the taxi via his Mobile phone 
said he'd be here in 20 minutes" Tenchi said.
"Maybe we shou.." started Sassami before pointing to a lone figure 
walking up the road "thats him!".

Everyone stared down the road as Gary walked up, carrying only a 
rucksack. Finnaly he got to the gates, wiped the sweat away from his forehead 
and said "I apologise for my late arrival, the taxi driver dropped me 
off a mile or so down the road, claiming some deamon or something lives 
up here"

Gary was dressed in Western clothes, nice pair of jeans, baggy shirt 
and white trainers, he had short hair, brown of course, untidy but that 
seems to be the fashion in Europe at the moment. He was quite slim and 
was slightly taller than Tenchi.

Everyone glared at Ryoko "what?" she asked.

"Anyway, I'm Gary Thatchell and I'll be you exchange student for the 
summer" he smiled.
"Great glad you got here in one peice" Tenchi said as he lead Gary 
round "I'm Tenchi, next to me is Yosho, my Grandfather"
Gary shook his hand "You're the master of the family shrine?" he asked.
"indeed I am" replied Yosho.
"This is Sassami with Ryo-ohki"
"Oh my god!" grinned Gary "You're both so cute!" he said as he ruffled 
ryo-ohki and Sassami's hair playfully.
"ha ha thank you sir" blushed Sassami.
"This is Ryoko"
"Nice to meet you" he put a hand out to shake.
"same here" smiled Ryoko as she shaked. 
Gary cringed in pain for a second then rubbed his had when they 
finnished shaking "Strong grip" he laughed nervously. 
"This is Aieka"
"Pleasure to meet you" said Gary
"We are very pleased to have you here Mr. Thatchell" Aieka bowed 
slightly, getting a glare from Ryoko.
"And finnally this is Washu"
"nice to meet you" smiled Gary as he looked down then he blinked and 
looked again.
"You can call me Little Washu" smiled Washu happily.
"Erm quite" replied Gary.
"Well now you've seen everyone, lets get you inside and get you sorted 
out. Follow me" said Tenchi as he walked through the gate.

As Gary walked through the gate though, what he thought were two 
harmless wooded pillars suddenly said hello to him. Thinking for a second 
then rubbing his head as he walked on, he hoped that was the jet-lag 
talking to him.

When Tenchi took Gary away to explain what they'll be doing in the 
months to come, Ryoko and Aieka talked privatly for a second.

"What were you doing crushing his hand like that" fumed Aieka.
"What do you mean?" said Ryoko.
"I mean he wants to hold on to his right hand without you crushing it 
like paper thank you very much" said Aieka, arms folded and eyes closed.
"Yeah like you did any better" said Ryoko "'we are very pleased to have 
you here Mr. Thatchell' give me a break".
"Well..well I did much better than you!" said Aieka.
The pair stared off each other.
"Ladies?" said Gary.
The pair jumped not really expecting Gary. Then they turned round and 
smiled sheepishly at Gary.
"If you could point me to your toilet" smiled Gary.
"Ah yes Mr. Thatchell.."
"Please, its Gary"
Ryoko pushed Aieka aside "What my friend here was trying to say was 
that the toilet is down the corridor"
Gary raised his eyebrows "Right, thanks then"
As Gary turned away, the two got back to their staring match.

As it was getting late, Gary went to bed right after dinner due to Jet 
lag of a very very long flight.

The next day however, promised physical and spiritral fulfilment by 
working hard harvesting carrots and doing the various chores.

The door opened to Gary's room and a tired Gary stepped out and headed 
to the bathroom, Ryoko raced past.

"Race ya to the bathroom!" she shouted as she ran. Getting to the 
Bathroom she opened the door to find Gary brushing his teeth.

"wha-what!" said a suprised Ryoko "but you were back there"
"I was?" mumbled Gary as his mouth was full of toothpaste.
Ryoko looked at Gary, then behind, then at Gary again "Yeah you were 
back there!"
Gary shrugged and got back to brushing his teeth.

"Brekfast is ready!" shouted up Sassami

Everyone milled in and sat down. Everyone except Washu.

"Wow!" said Gary as he finnished his bowl "how do you make it so good 
Sassami?"
"Well its all down to practice, if you can be bothered to learn then 
you can cook as well as you want to be" beamed Sassami.
"Unlike her sister" grumbled Ryoko.
"Don't start you insolent little..." Seethed Aieka.
"Looking forward to see the shrine?" smiled Tenchi trying to take 
Gary's attention away from the feuding women.
"Yeah its a good way to learn about your culture, by the way how many 
carrots do we have to get again?"
"Oh about 700 or so" casually remarked.
"700! all for that little thing down there" Gary said as he raised an 
eyebrow.
A burp was heard below the table that told that Ryo-ohki was here.
Everyone nodded and smiled
"How does he stay in shape" Gary Said.

Meanwhile Washu was watching Gary from a remote camera. "who are you" 
she said to herself as she looked at the virtual screen "I must find 
out".

**********

Later in the day, while Gary and Tenchi were out Carrot picking, Washu 
went to see Ryoko.

"Oh Daughter, oh little daughter of mine!" chimed Washu as she looked 
around the sitting room.

"What What!" said Ryoko, lying down in mid air.
"Now thats no way to talk to your dear little mother" smiled Washu "I 
need you to do me a favour." She threw up a special syringe.
"Whats this for?" asked Ryoko.
"Its for our visitor, tonight, when hes alseep, sneak into his room and 
take a blood sample of him and give it to me asap right?"
"Wrong! No way am I doing that, what if he wakes up and sees me?"
"He won't now do what I say or you won't get any help from me on 
anything!"
"Oh all right, all right I'll do it now leave me alone dammit" said 
Ryoko, desperate to be alone for a awhile.

"This place is big, how many people come here every year" Said Gary as 
he swept the square outside the Shrine.
"Very few, its untouched, its not even on any of the maps" said Tenchi 
"What do you think of the girls".
"You're lucky! locked away in the middle of nowhere with all those 
girls" laughed Gary.
"They act so strangly though, once I got a note from Aieka telling me 
to meet me after school yet I don't go to school nowadays!"
"Nor does she?" said Gary.
"Then Ryoko keeps trying it on with me but shes just annoying, shes 
cute though"
The pair laugh.
"Which one do you like most out of the pair?" asked Gary.
"huh?" 
"As in if they both fell at your feet begging you to marry one of them, 
who would you choose"
"To be honest I haven't a clue" grinned Tenchi "Which one do you like?"
"Aieka, its nice to have some politness going into my ears for once, 
you can't belive how rude some people in London are."
"I could understand that" nodded Tenchi.

*********

The night was still, suprisingly cool considering it was early July. 
Ryoko's head (or half of it) appeared through the floorboards of Gary's 
room.
"Right" she thought to herself "lets get-" she stopped and looked at 
the empty bed "huh? where is he?" out of the window small blue flashes 
bathed the room. She peered out through the wall and saw that Gary was 
somehow teleporting towards the house, bit by bit. Seeing that he was 
comming closer she decided to make herself scarce. In a silent flash he 
appeared, covered in black. he stripped off, taking care of a thin, 
chain-mail like glove and putting in down in his rucksack. 

"There, at least I know its working" he said to himself as he got into 
bed "try out the other functions later".

Ryoko waited till he dozed off and quickly took a sample from his toe. 
She then dived down to Washu's door and rushed in.
"I got it! And he was doing some strange things too" said Ryoko.
"What things?" said Washu.
"Teleportation"
"huh?  quickly give me the sample, I need to match the DNA from it!"

Washu grabbed the syringe and a special machine appeared, she dumped 
the blood inside and turned it on.
"Computer give me results ASAP"
"Yes little Washu" chimed the computer. Ryoko just watched.
"Results ready"
A screen appeared.
"Gary Thatchell is really Gary Thatch!" said Washu.
"who is?" Ryoko asked.
"a Watcher" she said grinning like a Cheshire cat "a dimensional 
watcher!"
"Oh my god! A watcher?" 
Washu nodded.
"really a watcher?"
Washu nodded.
"wow a watcher!"
Washu smiled.
"WHATS A WATCHER!!!" shouted Ryoko blowing Washu over.
"Watchers are people from a different diamension, they watch us and 
record events for themselves, they very rarely get involved in affairs 
fearing that they could accidently change events. They are very highly 
trained and they are all young, never above the age of 25." Washu smiled.
"Why are you so happy then?" Ryoko asked.
"I met one about 1000 years ago even though they are really quite 
recent. Though we didn't fall in love (I was still rebuilding after what 
happened 20,000) we were very good freinds, I only got his first name."
"Which was Gary" 
"Well yeah his cover name Gazan, but he was nice enough then anyway. 
But..wait.." She looked down his file "This record ends about a year ago 
it says nothing else or where hes been or anything, something must've 
gone wrong" She turned back to Ryoko "you can do what you want, confront 
him if you want, but don't kill or seriously hurt him, he's vital to 
something very important. And don't let on that you were there earlier 
tonight!"
"Don't you worry, all I'm interested is sleep and nothing else. 
Goodnight" She smiled as she went back through the portal to the house.

When she got back she heard faint laughter, Sassami's Laughter. She 
shrugged and dumped herself on the Coutch that was her bed once more. 
Aieka however also heard the laughter, turning to see Sassami not in her 
bed she got up, dumped a robe on and wandered to see what the laughter 
was about. It was comming from Gary's room. Peering through the door she 
saw the light on and Sassami sitting cross legged in front of Gary who 
was in a sleeping bag and had a t-shirt on. 

"'Come away, Hawkins,' he would say; 'come and have a yarn with John. 
Nobody more welcome than yourself, my son. Sit you down and hear the 
news. Here's Cap'n Flint - I calls my parrot Cap'n Flint, after the famous 
buccaneer - here's Cap'n Flint predicting success to our v'yage. Wasn't 
you cap'n?'" read Gary from a small blue leather book.

"Why is he speaking like that" she said to herself silently as Sassami 
sat there spellbound by the Ancient Epic being read to her.

Gary continued "And the parrot would say" he got up and flapped his 
arms in a bird like way "'Peices 'o' eight!, Peices 'o' eight!, Peices 'o' 
eight!' till you wondered that it was not out of breath or till John 
threw a hankerchief over the cage" Sassami laughed at this.

"what are peices 'o' Eight Gary?" giggled Sassami.
"It was slang for gold coins, Spanish Dubloons they used to call it. 
How do you rekon it felt to be sailing on the Spanish Main, with nothing 
to trouble you, with action and adventure almost certain in you 
voyage?"
"I don't know, I would've liked it" Smiled Sassami.
Gary Ruffled Sassami's hair "You're a good kid, you're sister must be 
proud of you, you think you can sleep peacefully now?"

Aieka smiled at this blushing a bit.

"Yes Gary, thanks for reading to me" chimed Sassami.
"Don't worry, I'll bookmark where we are right now and you can come 
whenever I'm free to continue the story, good night"
"Good night Gary"

Aieka froze for a second then ran back into her room and dived into her 
bed.

"Ah shes sleeping, I wish I could read to you if I could read English" 
smiled Sassami.

Aieka smiled warmly to herself "thank you Gary" she thouht to herself.

**************

The next morning signalled the morning of the great Carrot picking race 
that Gary and Tenchi made up yesterday. They picked a field that was 
spilling over with carrots Gary standing on one end of the field, Tenchi 
on the other.

"Ready!" Smiled Gary.
"When you are" nodded Tenchi.
Gary turned to Ryo-ohki, eyes as wide as Oceans who jumped in the air 
to signify the start. The pair ran as fast as they could while picking 
up as many carrots they could, Tenchi was in front just and was starting 
to pull away, Gary looked and put on some extra speed, sadly this 
single mindness didn't do well for the object detection and avoidance part 
of the brain as he tripped on a large stone and went head over heels.
"Ha!" laughed Tenchi, looking behind "I win and you get to- OFF!" said 
Tenchi as he slammed into Ryoko (or her bust to be more precise) and 
bouced back a couple of feet.
"Hi Tenchi" chimed Ryoko "Why are you in such a hurry?".
"I was winning a race" Grumped Tenchi as Gary ran past laughing his way 
to victory 
"You get the hard Chores!" he grinned "Oh hi Ryoko"
"Hi Gary, had a nice sleep?" she asked.
"I did but I had to comfort Sassami after she had a bad dream, read her 
part of one of my books"
"Oh so thats why she was-ouch!" Ryoko rubbed her head after a child's 
hand apeared out of a black hole and slapped her on the head.
Gary blinked and looked to Tenchi who was laughing nervously.
"I'm gonna spend my hour of free time having a read up by the Shrine" 
he waved as he ran back to the house "seeya all later".

***************

Gary ran up the stairs on the hill with his book of the week, 
'Kidnapped!' running off the stairs onto a track he found a part where he could 
look out over the valley, layed against a tree and started to read. He 
had got so far though the first chapeter when he felt the wind being 
disturbed then a whisling sound, looking behind him he saw a manacal 
Ryoko leaping down and just about to slice him in half with her energy 
sword. Jumped out of his skin, he dived out of the way, Ryoko creating a 
trench that any water company workman would be proud of.

"What are you doing!" shouted Gary as he got up "You nearly ruined my 
book!"
"I know who you are Gary" eyed Ryoko.
Gary steped back a bit in suprise "what?"
"I know who you are by-ow ow ow ouch! stop okay!" said Ryoko as two 
hands came out of nowhere as slapped her on the head.
By the time Ryoko had recovered from Washu's head wacking, Gary had 
pressed a button on his trousers which had made his main glove appear on 
his left hand. With that he moved his hand round and another, smaller 
black glove appeared on his right hand. Then another set of hand motions 
made a blue circle appear. The circle then went stick shaped as he 
grasped it in his right hand.
"ooo he wants to fight back eh!" laughed Ryoko 
"Look theres no need for this" said Gary seriously.
"Really? heres for cheating yesterday!" She leapt forward smaking her 
sword aggresivly against Gary's. Gary matched every move that Ryoko 
swung, though not with ease, it was clear that these two were very evenly 
matched. 

They put swords together in a test of stregnth, Gary went to the 
offensive, hacking and smacking his sword on above, sides and below. Again 
one player giving its all the other matching..just.

After the two separated, Ryoko stepped back and disapeered. Gary looked 
around him then behind him to see Ryoko gliding as fast as she could 
towards him, her aim, to torpedo his mid section. He swooped his left 
hand glove and sweeped it sideways in front of him quickly. A faint blue 
shield came up seperating him from her. Didn't stop the force of the 
impact throwing him back 10 or 20 meters though. On the floor and trying 
to get up, he was pushed back down by the foot of Ryoko, her sword at 
his neck.

"Oh poor Gary" giggled Ryoko "and they said you were highly trained."
"I am" he said through gritted teeth, moving his fingers as he saw a 
big rock behind her dissapear.
"Oh well, guess it was all for nothing, have a nice..wha-" She looked 
behind to see a rock appear out of a blue portal right at her. Using 
this distraction he used his legs to force her to the ground. Jumping on 
her , legs on her arms, pinning her to the ground he balanced his sword 
on the center of her hand and aimed it at her forehead.

"Now you either promise you won't cause any more trouble or I'll sit 
like this for the rest of my hour and read my book okay?" he said as his 
book re-appears  in his left hand. He looked up the path. There 
watching and probabbly watched the whole thing was Yosho and Tenchi. 
"A hahahaha!" laughed Gary nervously as he got up, Ryoko now really 
pissed off, looked to see what Gary was looking at then she started 
laughing nervously.

Yosho said nothing while Tenchi was out of boots supprised!


**************

It was later that night.

"A what?" said Aieka.
"A Watcher, I go through different dimentions recording major events 
and basically looking at whats happening at that moment of time. Right 
now I'm at present day with my dimension".
"Wow that must be cool" said Sassami excited.
"Yeah it was till I resigned last year" he said with a sigh.
"Resigned why?" asked Washu.
"After I left your part of the world Washu I was assigned a new 
partner, his name I can't remember, we went to monitor a planet which was 
under serious cultural upheaval. While we were there, they were invaded by 
an unkown force, we hadn't see any of these ships before, millions of 
them. We were called by my  boss to pull out, my parter though refused 
to leave and I went"
"What happened to him?" asked Ryoko.
"His head rolled through the portal at our hq back home, his body was 
never found" Gary said "his body never found and it shook me up so much 
that I put resignation and asked to spend a couple of years in this 
diamension. 
"So here you are" said Washu.
"If you don't mind I need to take a walk, its a bit damaging on your 
ego when you're cover's been blown for the first time in 1000 trips" 
smiled Gary weakly.

He made gesgures with his hands and a portal appeared which he walked 
through.

Later wondering where Gary was, Aieka went outside looking for him, she 
looked at the house and saw him on top of the roof.

"Gary!" shouted Aieka. He looked down.
"Hey what you doing out here?"
"Looking for you of course" she smiled "may I have permission to join 
you".
"Of course Ms. Aieka wait a second" he opened a portal down below "walk 
through it". She did and appeared on the roof, a flat part. Gary was 
laying down looking at the stars. Next to him was a book.
"Are you okay?" asked Aieka "I was worried about you."
"I was as well, I was angry with myself, for putting myself with you 
people." 
"Why is it us?" 
"No its because how much I know about you" smiled Gary.
Aieka gasped for a second "what?"
"No not those kind of things, unofficial Watcher rule no1 never, ever 
get sexual gratification from your subjects." Gary laughed.
"Then what then?" 
Gary sat up "I've seen you grow up Aieka, I've seen Washu and when she 
made Ryoko. I saw Ryoko attack and Sassami nearly killed with her pets, 
I saw how Yosho defeated Ryoko and imprison her, I saw your sadness 
when he never came back." He smiled "You looked so cute, so innocent when 
you were Sassami's age and size.".

Aieka Blushed at this. Gary continued "Sassami reminds me of you, so 
small and fragile. Can ask a personal question". She nodded.
"Do you love Tenchi so much that you'd ignore another man's love for 
you?" he asked.
"I..I..I don't know" she stammered "I have feelings for him but I feel 
I'm fighting a loosing battle with Ryoko for him, he goes for a more 
outgoing style that she offers rather than my reserved style." a tear 
formed.
"Oh Aieka don't think like that, love should never be fatal to one's 
mind or body" he wiped the tear off her face.
"I saw you reading to Sassami last night" she sniffled "Will you read 
to me?".
Gary smiled softly at this "Of course, I've got one here that'll cheer 
you up. Its called Pride and Predjudice a famous British novel written 
hundreds of years ago. He waved his arms around to summon something 
"I'll get a pillow for..damn" he sighed as his body disapeared leaving his 
head. Aieka laughed at this. Looking down he waved his arms again and 
his body was restored and pilliow fell on his head. He handed it to 
Aieka. She sat down and he opened the book and began.

"Chapter 1. It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man 
in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife."

Soon though the two were both asleep on the roof, her hand on top of 
the book.

<!-- text below generated by server. PLEASE REMOVE --></table></script></style></noscript>
