Disclaimer:I do not own Tenchi Muyo, the show and
its characters are owned by Pioneer and AIC, so 
please don't kill...I mean, sue me.

	Tenchi Muyo! No Need For Self Control!
	By Argus Cromwell
	a.k.a. Dade Gifford

	Tenchi awoke this morning, but for some
reason, he couldn't move.  <huh?> he thought.
<Sleeping Beauty awakens,> remarked something 
in his head.  <What's going on?!  Who are you?!>
he yelled.  <I am here to make a choice for
you.  You see, you don't have to be sad at 
choosing one, and having the rest be hurt.  
Maybe you just don't know, but Juraian tradition
allows for more than one, or even two wives.
You should talk to Aeka about it.>  <But I'm 
not ready for marriage!> he yelled, desperately.
<Oh, we're not going to propose...at least, 
not in a standard manner.
	Suddenly, Tenchi stood up off the bed,
but not under how own power.  <What's going on?!>
<I'm going to introduce myself to Aeka...once 
that happens, I leave your body so you can
decide what to do from there.>  Tenchi then 
noticed thta he was blocked off from talking
to whatever it was.
	So he walked out the door and to the
dining room.  Pseudo-Tenchi sat at the table
and waited.  Soone enough, Aeka walked in.  
"Ohayo, Lord Tenchi." she said softly.  "Um, 
Aeka?" questioned Pseudo-Tenchi.  He was already
playing the part well.  "Yes, Lord Tenchi?"
"M-may I talk to you?  In provate?" a little too
well.  "Of course."  <No!> yelled Tenchi inside
his mind.
	Pseudo-Tenchi took Aeka's hand.  She 
blushed.  Pseudo-Tenchi did, too.  <He knows me
like the back of my hand.> thought Tenchi.  He
led Aeka to his room.  <My god, what IS he 
planning?>  Pseudo Tenchi gestured for Aeka to
sit on the bed.  He sat down, almost at the far
edge from her.
	"Aeka," he began.  "Lately...lately 
I've been feeling...closer...towards you."
	Aeka nearly fainted.
	"A-and what I'm trying to say is...I..
I...I think I love you."
	Aeka DID faint.
	<....> Tenchi didn't know whether this 
was a bad thing, or not.  He DID love Aeka.  
But he knew he'd never have worked up the nerve
to say it to her.
	Pseudo-Tenchi sighed.  But he knew how
to wake her up.  He had a question for her.  
Pseudo-Tenchi kissed Aeka fully on the lips.
Unfortunately, Ryoko chose that moment to phase
through the wall.  She gasped.  "Tenchi...no..."
she said, softly.  Pseudo-Tenchi's head snapped
up.  "Wait!  It's not what you think!" But she
was already gone.
	Pseudo-Tenchi cursed himself.  It wasn't
supposed to work out like this!!  But his plan 
could take care of this slight...inconvenience.
	"Ohh..." Aeka woke up to see Tenchi 
kissing her.  She blushed, and put her arms 
around him.  He, of course, pulled away, seeing
that she was awake.  He blushed and laughed 
nervousely.  "I've got a question for you." he
said.  
	"Yes, Ten-chan?"  
	He blinked.  Tenchi hadn't expected that.
	"W-well, um... I think I overheard 
something about Juraians allowing multiple wives?"
	A bright smile broke out on Aeka's face.
<What?!  Marrying so soon?!  Are you crazy?!> said
the real Tenchi.  <You'll see,> said Pseudo Tenchi.
	"Yes, Jurai allows multiple wives.  Oh, I'm
so happy, Ten-chan!  You and I, and whomever else..
married!!"
	"How many wives are allowed?"
	"As many as you see fit."
	"Aeka, today is going to be a busy day.  But
one thing must be done quickly.  You see, Ryoko 
saw me kissing you, and she is upset.  Aeka, you 
must find her, and tell her of my plans!"
	Aeka nodded, and took off out the door.
It was at this point that Pseudo-Tenchi gave control
back to the real Tenchi.  Pseudo-Tenchi was now
in the background.  <I will guide you for a little
while.> he said.  <You know, I would never have been
able to do that.  Thanks.> said Tenchi.  <Forget it.
No problem,> replied Pseudo-Tenchi.  <First, tell 
all this to your dad, and be brave.>
	Tenchi sighed and went off to find Nobuyuki.
Meanwhile, Aeka found Ryoko.  She was by Funaho.
	"Ryoko..."
	"LEAVE ME ALONE!!!"
	"No, you don't understand.."
	Ryoko produced a beam sword.  She aimed
it at her own chest.  "You have ten seconds to tell
me what I don't understand," she said icily.  
	At that moment, a very exhausted Tenchi
arrived.  "Hold on for a second," he gasped.  He
then produced twin boxes.  "Aeka and Ryoko, will
you marry me?" Ryoko fainted dead away.  Aeka had
been expecting this.  She just smiled and replied,
"Yes!  Oh yes, Ten-chan, I will!"  Aeka took the ring
and put it on.  It had an amethyst in the shape of
a Startica bell.
	Tenchi kissed Aeka, and picked up Ryoko.
Together they walked back to the house.
	"So tell me, Tenchi, how were you able to get
the rings so fast?"
	"Well, dad had been saving the rings.  It 
turns out that Jiichan had purchased them.  He 
had six of them, each one different in the possibility
that I were to choose one of you.  I'll bet he didn't
expect me to choose you all, though."
	Aeka nodded.  "I honestly expected Nobuyuki
to purchase them, what with his interest in your love 
life.  But Lord Katsuhito?  I'm surprised at him."
	Tenchi shifted Ryoko to a better position.
"Yeah, me too.  But for some reason, it always seems
as if Jiichan knows a lot more than he lets us see."
	By this time, they had reached the house.
Aeka opened the door for Tenchi, and he turned 
sideways to slip through.  He placed Ryoko on the
couch, and then he and Aeka went into the kitchen.
Sasami was there, very quickly chopping something.
Tenchi reached for the next ring box in his pocket.
Aeka could see how nervous he was, and she placed
a supportive hand on his shoulder.
	"S-sasami?" said Tenchi.
	"Oh, hi, Tenchi!" she said cheerily.
	"Sasami..." Tenchi kneeled, and hel out 
the ring box, open.
	Sasami gasped.
	"Sasami, will you be my bride?"
	Sasami was speechless.  As always, she 
was thinking of the well-being of others.  "Oh,
but Tenchi, what will Aeka and Ryoko think?"
	Aeka showed Sasami her ring.  "I'm so
happy!  Yes, Tenchi, oh yes I will!" Sasami was
teary-eyed as Tenchi took the ring and put it
on her finger.
	Tenchi hugged Sasami, and they shared a 
fleeting kiss.  Sasami blushed and looked down.
She then caught sight of her ring.  It looked
like a diamond, in the shape of a heart.  Tenchi
saw her looking at it.  "You always were the one 
to hold the family together."  Sasami beamed, 
tears running down her cheeks.  Tenchi wiped
them away.
	Ryoko woke up.  "Mm.. where am I?" she
said.  Tenchi was in front of her.  "You blacked
out before I could give you this." he said.  So
Tenchi kneeled...again, and asked her...again,
"Will you be my wife?" There was a moment of 
silence.  Tenchi sweated.  "YES!!" Tenchi was
blown back by that.
	Ryoko took the ring, which had a 
sapphire shaped like Japanese symbol writing.
	"It means 'bravery,'" said Tenchi.
	Immediately, Ryoko leapt onto Tenchi
and started frenching him.  He responded in
kind, until Ryoko started to remove his shirt.
Aeka stepped in.  "Now, wait just a minute!
You're not even married yet!" she tugged 
Ryoko off Tenchi.  Tenchi was mesmerized.
He was still kissing the air in front of him
eyes shut.
	Aeka took the opportunity and was 
about to kiss him, but when she turned around,
Sasami was there, kissing him.  "Sasami?!" 
she said.  "Well, why not?  I'm engaged to 
him, too.  And since I won't be able to go on
the *honeymoon*..." she resumed, as Tenchi 
responded.  Aeka sighed, thinking about the
honeymoon, as she had yet neglected to.
	Sasami had never kissed a boy before...
and Tenchi was using the same technique on her
as he did on Ryoko!  She was blushing and 
embarrassed, but Sasami was enjoying every
minute of it.
	Pseudo-Tenchi was cheering him on.
<Yeah!  That's the way!  You picked up a lot
more than I thought.  Your dad must've tutored
you...>  <No,> replied Tenchi.  <Ryoko did.>
Tenchi and Sasami finally finished their kiss.
Ryoko cheered.  "Woo! Go Sasami!" Sasami blushed
as she looked into Tenchi's eyes.
	Tenchi noticed he was still in the
same position as he had been after Ryoko 
screamed her happiness, sending him into the 
wall.  Of course, he wouldn't be getting
up from that position anytime soon.  Aeka was
advancing on him slowly.  She sat daintily in
his lap and blushed madly.  Tenchi cupped her
chin in his hand, and brought their lips together.
Aeka's skin flushed.
	Their kiss started out as tender, but 
then grew more passionate.  Their tongues 
intertwined.  <So delicate.....> thought Tenchi.
Pseudo-Tenchi agreed.  Much to his chagrin, Aeka
put her hands under his shirt and caressed him.
Tenchi put his arms around her and held her close
	As much as she hated the thought, Aeka
parted their kiss.  Tenchi slumped slightly, a
warmth in him that wouldn't subside.  Involuntarily,
his nose bled.  <Whoops!> he thought.  <I hope they
don't notice..>  "Oh!  You're being naughty, 
Tenchi!" Sasami giggled.  Tenchi blushed.  Aeka 
blushed.  Ryoko glomped Tenchi.
	After another half-hour, they separated,
because Ryoko was trying to undress him again.  
Then, Mihoshi and Kiyone walked in the door.
"Hiyee!" said Mihoshi.  "Hello," said Kiyone.  
Tenchi steeled himself, and stood up.  "Hi, um..."
Tenchi pulled out two boxes.  "Mihoshi, Kiyone,
will you marry me?"
	Mihoshi started bawling.  "Oh, yes!  I 
always knew you were my destiny!"
	Kiyone was shocked.  "I...I didn't know
you felt that way, Tenchi."
	"Yes, I do.  Will you do me the honor of
being my wife?"
	Kiyone had tears in her eyes.  "Always...
always I wanted someone to love me...  Tenchi...
I will."
	Mihoshi's ring had a Japanese symbol 
meaning, "devoted."  Kiyone's ring had a star in
it.
	Mihoshi kissed him, but Tenchi held the
kiss longer, making in passionate.  As soon as
they parted, Mihoshi had a buzzed look on her
face.  Tenchi then moved to kiss Kiyone.  She
made him kiss like Ryoko.  Much to his surprise,
she groped him and held tightly, almost as if
she would fall and die by letting go.
	They kissed for a solid 45 minutes, and
he wasn't eager to part, either.  A tear from
her dropped on his cheek.  <Well, Tenchi, you've
done it.  I think my work is done here.> said
Pseudo-Tenchi.  <See you...And...Thanks again.>
<Don't mention it.>
	Tenchi then realized he had yet to 
propose to Washu.  He excused himself, and
went down into her lab.  The place was very
large, and Tenchi didn't see her right away.
	"Hello, Tenchi!" she said from behind.
	"Uh, hi, Washu.  Uh, I mean, Washu-chan."
	"What can I do for you?"
	"Actually..." Tenchi kneeled once again,
and for the last time.  "I would really like it
if you would marry me."  He opened the ring box.
	"Tenchi..."
	He looked at her expectantly.
	"Yes, I will...  You know, that's the
second time this has happened..."
	Washu was now an adult.  When had she
changed?  They kissed tenderly.  Washu was a
really good kisser!  They kissed for a while,
and Tenchi went back out into the house, 
followed by Washu.
	"Well.  Now we have to make wedding plans."
==================================================
Well, I decided that non-lemons could be really
romantic, so I went ahead.  As always, e-mail me
(cubone41@yahoo.com>So, how did you like Kiyone, 
Dustin?