Disclaimer:I don't own Tenchi...sniff..sniff...AIC and Pioneer do...so.
...so....WAAAHHH!!  It's not fair!  All I can do with them is write 
crummy fanfics that don't have an ounce of creativity!!


	No Need for Self Control!
	----Part Six----
	By Dade Gifford

	Tenchi awoke with his six women all around him, comforting him
with both their warmth and their compassion.  All but one, and that was
Sasami.  He could smell the food cooking, and smiled.  Although he 
really didn't want to, he had to pry Ryoko off of him to get up and get
to his chores.  
	Tenchi sighed.  "I still need to come up with a plan," he said
aloud.  
	The stairs creaked as he tromped down them, dead set on getting
something to eat, and finishing his chores.  But the thought of his 
near future nagged at him.  Tenchi just couldn't seem to think of a 
plan to keep everyone fed and clothed...  And even though jiichan had
said he shouldn't, Tenchi finalized that he had to ask Wasyuu for help.
There didn't seem to be any other way.  Even if he did get a job, it
wouldn't pay for all of them.  
	"Ohayo, Tenchi!" said Sasami.  She handed him a bento box, and
they shared a fleeting kiss.  "Ohayo, Sasami."
	Tenchi left the house and went down the dust path to the fields
of carrots.  There really wasn't much do be done, yet.  It was only a
couple of days before he'd be harvesting them all for autumn, so right
now all there was to be done was a little bit of weed pulling.  Tenchi
stopped as he reached the fields.  He looked over them, but didn't 
feel the usual rush of pride he used to instill in the sight of them.
His pride was now directed at the women, so the fields had lost that
appeal to him.  Still, it was his job, and he pulled weeds.  While he
worked, he pondered.
	<Geez..now that I think about it, what am I going to name all
of my kids?>
	[Well, maybe I could help a little,] said a familiar voice in
his head.
	Tenchi's eyes widened.  <Hi!  Yeah, I could use your help....by
the way, I never caught your name.>
	[Hmm...you could call me Akira.  I always did like that show.]
	<'Akira?'> said Tenchi, more than a little sarcastic.
	[Well, if you don't want my help...
	<No no!  I was just...admiring it, that's it!  Yeah, great 
name!  I always liked that show, too!>
	[Well, okay.  Apology accepted, if a bit droll...anyways, so as
I see, you've been very busy while I was gone...naughty boy.]
	<Ah heh heh...>
	[Hmm, and you don't know what to do to support all your soon-to
-be children, is that right?]
	<Yeah.>
	[Well, I do have an interesting bit of information that just 
may help you.]
	<What?  What?!>
	[I know you're afraid to ask for Asuza's help...but I know for
a fact that he would accept you more readily, now that you have six 
wives.  Remember, he wanted Aeka to marry someone with power.  And now,
with all the women and their respective connections working for Aeka,
Asuza would gladly accept, knowing the strategic advantage it would be
for you to come to power.]
	<Really?  But...I don't like the idea of using the women like
that.>
	Pseudo-Tenchi, aka Akira, sighed.  [Tenchi, it's more like a
matter of trust, not 'using.'  It wouldn't be that way, and you'd see
that if you tried it out.]	
	<Well, I guess anything's worth a shot..>
	[That's the right attitude to have.  Now go get 'em, slugger!]
	<But...I have to finish weeding, first.>
	[Well, duh.]
	Tenchi took another half-hour to finish weeding the carrot 
fields.  Excited with the solution Akira provided, Tenchi rushed home
to give the good news.  When he arrived in the kitchen, he saw all of
the women eating yet another banquet, courtesy of Sasami.
	Tenchi sat down and ate, but all of the ladies could see that
something was amiss.  About mid-meal, Tenchi stood up.  "Ladies, and...
hey, where's dad?"
	"He's at work.  Go on," said Kiyone.
	"Anyway, I think I have a solution to our money problem!"
Tenchi turned to Aeka.  "And it has to do with Aeka."
	Aeka looked surprised, and sat her teacup back on the table.
"Me?"
	"Yeah.  You see, I think that maybe Emperor Asuza may be able 
to help us."
	Aeka brightened.  "Yes, yes, this is true!  And if he has a 
problem with it.." her smile turned devilish.  "Mommy and Aunt Funaho
will have a little...chat...with him, eh, Kiyone?" Aeka threw her
student a wink.  Kiyone laughed.
	This brightened everyone's mood considerably.  Katsuhito 
stepped in from around the corner, clapping.  Everyone was quiet.  
	"Good job, Tenchi.  I knew you could find a solution without
directly relying on your women.  This day, you have grown more mature."
	Tenchi blushed, but he couldn't say a thing about Akira to 
anyone, or they'd just think he had a head case.  And if they did 
believe him, they'd be sad that he would've never done all this on his
own.
	Wasyuu told Tenchi that she couldn't make a ship with what she
had in her lab.  First she would have to build a shipyard with the 
neccessary tools and robotic helpers, etc.  And that would take a 
while, at least too long for Tenchi's comfort.  
	"Why don't we just use the Yagami?" questioned Mihoshi.
	At first everyone stared at her.  Then they thought.  "Yeah,
that's a pretty good idea, Mihoshi," said Kiyone.  Mihoshi blushed.
	"There's just one problem," said Wasyuu.
"That ship isn't suited for comfort!  I'm going to have to make some
internal modifications.  There's not enough room for eight people to
go about in comfort."
	Tenchi sighed.  "Okay, how long could that take?"
	"Mmm..about three days, if I hoof it.  Two if I get help."
	Ryoko volunteered, a surprise to everyone, and she and Wasyuu
went into the lab to start working.  The door was sealed shut, and no
one heard even a sound from the door.  
	"Aeka, I was wondering," started Tenchi.
	"Yes?"
	"How welcome do you think we'll be once we get there?"
	Aeka frowned in thought.  "I don't know, Ten-chan.  However, I
believe if I am allowed to be at the helm when contact is made there
shouldn't be much of a problem."
	"Okay, I'll remember that," said Tenchi.  He kissed her, and 
then they went to watch some tv.
	Mihoshi had the remote, so it was obvious they'd be watching
something less entertaining than usual.  Mihoshi was flicking the 
channels absently, when she ended up on something...embarrassing.
	"Oh, my!" she said loudly. 
	Tenchi's nose bled.  Aeka gasped and hid her face.  Sasami's
face turned bright red, and then was hidden also as Aeka's hand found
its way over her eyes.  Sasami didn't protest, for she was about to do
that herself.  
	"Mihoshi, change the channel!" said Kiyone.
	"I'm trying, I'm trying!  But the remote isn't working!!"
	"MIHOSHI!!  You're supposed to point it at the TV!!"
	*Click!*
	Everyone stared at a cooking show.  A collective sigh echoed in
the room.  Nobuyuki walked in, hearing the commotion.  "What'd I miss?"
he asked. 
	"Uhh, nothing...ah...um..." Tenchi couldn't seem to come up 
with an excuse.  
	"I just spilled some tea!" said Mihoshi, who stealthily took
out a cloth from somewhere.  She presented it to Nobuyuki, who accepted
that form of response, and went back into his study.
	"Gee, thanks, Mihoshi," said Tenchi.  
	"Oh..it's nothing...*giggle*"
	Tenchi gave her an affectionate hug, and a blush rose in her
face.  Mihoshi snuck a kiss on the cheek.  
	"So, what should we do 'til they're done?" asked Kiyone.
	"I'm not sure.  I don't want to be away when they're done.  
Hey, there could be a chance that Wasyuu or Ryoko will come up with 
something to make it go faster..."
	"Yeah.  But there's gotta be *something* we can do."
	"Well, sitting around here isn't going to solve anything.  So,
does anyone have an idea?"
	"Hmm...well, first we need to know what's going on!" said Aeka.
	"Let me think...okay, I'm pretty sure there's some kind of 
swimsuit contest going on.." said Tenchi.
	"Nah, I don't feel like doing that," Kiyone piped in.
	"And the only other thing I can remember is a dance of some 
sort."
	"Splendid idea, Ten-chan!" said Aeka.  "Then let's do that, 
shall we?"
	"I don't know..I can't dance.." confessed Tenchi.
	"Then I shall teach you," said Aeka.
	"Are you sure?"
	"Positive."
	"Then it's settled.  We'll go to the dance."
	"By the way, where is it, Tenchi?" asked Kiyone.
	"At Okayama High.  The school's still busted up, but the dance
hall hadn't been touched."
	"Wow, they have a whole place just for dancing?" wondered 
Mihoshi.
	"Yeah.  Some guy in the past had it committed in someone's 
name, but I can't remember."
	"When is it?"
	"Tomorrow at about 12:00.  But it goes on 'til 10:00 at night."
	"Well then, let's all go and get what we'll need for it."
	"Agreed."
	Ryoko and Wasyuu didn't even make like they were alive, even 
during the whole time everyone else was preparing for the dance.  The
door remained sealed, too.
	Aeka and Sasami both had the formalwear, but this dance called
for something more casual, and they didn't have that.  Tenchi said he
needed some clothes as well, and they made a short trip to the mall to
get the required vestments.  
	Before long, it was the day of the dance.  Ryoko and Wasyuu 
still hadn't made their appearance, so they wouldn't be invited.  
Nobuyuki had offered to drive them to the dance, and they took off in
the van.  Tenchi glanced around at his four (present) wives.  Aeka was
dressed in a fastidious top with purple jeans.  Pastel markings 
decorated a pink vest that she was wearing.  Mihoshi had short shorts
on, with a t-shirt that was decorated with a smiley face.  Kiyone's
outfit was slightly more utilitarian.  She had jeans on like Aeka, only
hers were just normal stonewashed.  A t-shirt she had on was plain 
white, and had pastels of flowers and hearts and the like.  Sasami was
wearing jean shorts that weren't as showy as Mihoshi's, but were 
cutoffs.  She wore a see-through blue t-shirt and had another plain
yellow shirt on inside of that. 
	Once they arrived at the school dance hall, Nobuyuki let Tenchi
and the rest out before he rode off for home.  Tenchi regretted going
to such an outing without Ryoko or Wasyuu, but there wasn't much to be
done about that.  
	There was minor trouble as Tenchi tried to figure out how to 
get all four of his ladies in hand.  Briefly he remembered Wasyuu's 
little offer to give him more hands.  He smirked before figuring that
each of the women could put an arm around his.  
	He held the door for them as any gentleman should, and they 
strolled into the dance hall.  It was loaded with people, most of which
instantly greeted Tenchi upon his entrance.  
	"Hey, Tenchi!" said one, approaching him.
	"Oh, hi, Harushi!"
	"So, are these all your women?" he said, half-jokingly.
	"They sure are," said Tenchi with sincerity.  
	"You're kidding, right?"
	"No, not at all.  Why?"
	"Uh...you just didn't..um, didn't seem to have that...uh, much
of an active love life."
	Tenchi smirked.  "Active is one way to describe it.  And this
isn't even all of them."
	"Huh?!  How many have you got, Masaki?"
	"Six, all told."
	"Geez...how do you manage them?"
	"Simple.  I don't."
	"Woah-ah!  So, you just up and went from local dweeb to lady-
killer?"
	Tenchi rankled at the insult.  "Hey!"
	"Heyyy!  Just joking, Tenchi."  A woman from the crowd came and
took Harushi by the arm.
	"Duty calls, my man.  Catch ya."
	"See you later."
	Tenchi watched as his friend and the woman danced off together.
When he finally thought about it, Tenchi realized that he didn't know
how to dance at all.  Now he was worried.  Tenchi tried not to let his
four women see his distress.  Unfortunately, this worked to his 
disadvantage.  
	"Ten-chan, you seem so confident.  Let us dance!" said Aeka.
	"Umm...."
	"Now wait just a second!" said Sasami.  "Tenchi said he'd dance
with me, just before we left!  Right, Tenchi?"
	"Uhh...ahhh...uhmm..."
	"C'mon Tenchi!  Let's dance!" bubbled Mihoshi, who took him by
the hand and began to drag him towards the center of the dance hall.
	"Ummmm, now wait a minute..."
	"Mihoshi!!  Tenchi wants to dance with me...right, Tenchi?" 
said Kiyone, fluttering her lashes.
	It wasn't long before the four women were all vying for which
one would be first.  Aeka had Tenchi's right arm, Sasami had his left.
Kiyone was pulling him by the shoulders, Mihoshi by the front of his
outfit.  
	"Uwaaagh!"
	"Me!"
	"No, me!"
	"Ten-chan, you wish to dance with me, right?"
	"Tenchi, let's dance!"
	Everyone else who had been on the dance floor were all now 
standing in a loose circle around the four women and Tenchi.  Aeka was
glaring at Sasami, and Kiyone was staring icily at Mihoshi.
	"STOP!" a loud voice silenced their bickering.  The DJ, who was
oblivious, continued with the music.
	Ryoko's slender form and Wasyuu's small one appeared at the
door.  "Tenchiii...why didn't you invite us?"
	Tenchi just swallowed.  
	Wasyuu tapped her foot impatiently.  "Now come on.  Are you all
going to fight over him like that?" she asked testily.
	"Yes," the four of them replied nonchalantly.
	Wasyuu seemed taken aback.  She frowned.  "Okay, fine then."
She summoned her holo-top and typed furiously.  
	Ryoko glared at the women.  "Okay, this is going to break up,
right now!" she said in her most commanding tone.  Mihoshi stopped.  
But she was the only one.  
	Ryoko rushed to them and began to fight over Tenchi as well.
	"There!  Done!" commented Wasyuu.
	"Huh?" everyone said collectively.
	Wasyuu tapped a single key on her holo-top.  
	"Woah!..ugghhh...." Tenchi groaned like he was sick.
	His pupils divided six times.  Then his eyes divided.  Then
his face.  And suddenly, he divided.  After a couple of seconds, there
were six Tenchis!
	All of the women, minus Wasyuu, stared in horror.  Tenchi..er..
Tenchis looked at themselves, and at each other.  
	"Wasyuu!  What did you do?!" they all yelled simultaneously.
	"Calm down!  I just decided that if they," she said, gesturing
towards the women.  "...couldn't get things under control, then maybe
there should be more than one Tenchi!"
	"Umm, Miss Wasyuu?" said Aeka quietly.  "I think we can make 
something of a compromise.  Right?" she said hopefully, looking about.
	"We don't need all these Tenchis."
	Wasyuu sighed.  "Oh, all right."  She summoned up her holo-top.
Wasyuu looked at the six Tenchis that now were situated about, and 
sighed.  She pressed a single button on her holo-top.
	Nothing happened.
	Wasyuu looked at the screen on the phantom computer 
questioningly.  She pressed the key again, harder this time, with more
intention.  
	Again, nothing happened.
	Wasyuu sweatdropped.  "Ah heh heh..." she scratched the back of
her head nervously.  
	"What happened?" asked the Tenchi nearest to Aeka.
	"Umm....I guess...I guess we'll just have to live with it!"
she said as cheerful as she could muster.
	The Tenchis bugged their eyes out.  Ryoko smiled devilishly.
Kiyone looked thoughtful.  Mihoshi was clueless, as usual.  Sasami had
a little half-smile on.
	Aeka took her Tenchi's arm.  "Wasyuu, even though I may like to
have a Tenchi all to myself, I will stand firmly beside Tenchi if he 
wants to remain as normal."
	Each of the women in turn agreed.
	"Heh!  I was just kidding about that.  It'll wear off...in 
about forty-eight hours, that is..."
	The Tenchi next to Mihoshi raised his hand as if he were in a
classroom.  "Um, what's going to happen to each and every one of us 
when this is all over?"
	"Simple.  When the time is up, all of you will be rejoined into
one...which one, I'm not sure...but anyway, Tenchi, you...er...all of
you, will have the memory together into one person.  So whatever you
all do, Tenchi will remember.."
	"Oh!  The next dance is starting!" said Mihoshi, startling 
everyone, including all the people who were still standing around in a
circle, out of their reverie.  Everyone looked around, and shrugged.
	The dance resumed like nothing had happened.  Well, almost, 
anyway.  
	Mihoshi and Tenchi number one were dancing in one corner of the
room.  Tenchi was tripping over his feet.  Mihoshi was tripping over 
her feet.  Then they tripped over each other's feet.  It was a rather
amateur display to those who were watching.  
	Kiyone, on the other hand, knew how to dance at least a little
well.  Tenchi number two was still tripping over his feet, but Kiyone
made him look good.  But that didn't stop Tenchi from blushing to a 
great degree.
	Aeka and Tenchi number three were dancing, but Aeka did her 
best to teach Tenchi as they danced the proper way to dance.  So he was
a little better off, not tripping over his or Aeka's feet.
	Wasyuu and Tenchi number four were about to dance, but Wasyuu
forgot to change into her adult form.  She looked around quickly, and
popped into her older self.  Tenchi blushed at the thought of his 
friends seeing him dance with this older woman.  But Wasyuu was having
a good enough time so that she didn't notice.
	Sasami and Tenchi number five were dancing much slower than
slow, but this allowed for Tenchi to get his thoughts together 
and make at least a decent attempt at learning.  Sasami rested her head
on his shoulder.
	Ryoko and Tenchi number six were nowhere to be seen.  At first.
Ryoko was floating above the floor, about a good ten feet, with Tenchi
in her arms.  She used more concentration to allow him to float well
enough so that she wouldn't have to hold him up.  They were dancing, 
but neither were really experienced in the matter.  It didn't matter,
though.  Tenchi was caught up in the moment, and rather giddy at being
able to temporarily fly.
	Everyone danced for three slow dances, switching partners 
between dances.  Not that it really mattered, it was done mostly for
their own novelty.  
	As the last song wound down to a close, all six Tenchis dipped
their respective partners down for a nice long kiss.  Everyone else in
the dance hall cheered as Tenchi X six kissed for a while.  
	Aeka came up with a rather loud blush.  Mihoshi came up 
giggling.  Kiyone came up with a self-satisfied smile on her face.  
Sasami came up, then pulled her Tenchi back down again, laughing.  
Wasyuu and her Tenchi didn't come up for a while longer, as she forced
him to hold the kiss.  When they did come up, Tenchi looked somewhat
frazzled.  Ryoko and her Tenchi settled slowly to the ground as they
kissed, parting only once their feet rested firmly on the floor.
	Everyone clapped, and Tenchis bowed with their partners.  They
stood outside, waiting for Nobuyuki to come and pick them up, talking
about the dance.  The six Tenchis were in a conversation with each 
other.  The six women were in a conversation with each other.  Both 
groups were talking about the dance, and their various partners.
	Nobuyuki pulled up in the van.  "All right, everyone get in...
WHAA?!"
	His jaw dropped to the floor as he saw his son, times six.
	"Uh, hi, dad," said Tenchi number four.
	Nobuyuki stared for a minute.  When he finally regained his
composure, he put his hand out, palm first.  "Don't even bother trying
to explain it to me.  Just get in, I think it would be too long of a
story, anyway."
	"Umm...how are we all going to fit in there, dad?"
	Nobuyuki just stared blankly.  
	"Just leave it to me!" piped Wasyuu.  She summoned her holo-top
and typed.  The door glowed for a minute, then faded.  
	Tenchi opened it up to see an auditorium.  "Huh?" 
	"I just made the car a little bigger, that's all," said Wasyuu.
	"Just a little," said Tenchi number six, his voice echoing off
of the cavernous room.  Everyone got seated so the order was Tenchi,
Aeka, Tenchi, Mihoshi, Tenchi, Ryoko, Tenchi, Kiyone, Tenchi, Sasami,
Tenchi, Wasyuu.
	Nobuyuki's voice came from very far away.  "Hey, what 
happened?"
	Wasyuu pressed a button on her holo-top.  In front of all of 
the screens, everyone could see a view as if they were all seated in 
the backseat of the van.  Nobuyuki was looking around, trying to see
where everyone went.  Wasyuu pushed another button.  Nobuyuki jerked
back, startled.
	"Wow!  So there you are!  Well, you guys look comfortable, so
I guess we're going home."
	Before anyone could ask, Wasyuu answered, "I just made a 
dimensional window appear so he could see us in here."
	Everyone mm hmm'ed, and stayed quiet for a little while.  Aeka,
who was tired from the dance,rested her head on Tenchi four's shoulder.
The Tenchi opposite her, Tenchi two, took his coat off and spread it
over her.  Tenchi four smiled, looking at Aeka.  
	Each of the Tenchis tended to their own woman.  Ryoko just 
wanted to kiss him for a while.  Mihoshi was sound asleep the second
she sat in the chair.  Kiyone was rested on his shoulder, staring off
into space.  Wasyuu looked like she was about to have a "moment" with
Tenchi number one, but instead grabbed him into a fierce, passionate
kiss, groping him.  Sasami just hugged Tenchi five for a while.
	After a while, the Tenchis were roused by Nobuyuki's voice.
	"We're home," he said quietly.  Tenchi opened his eyes to see
his dad holding a video camera, running the film and just taking in the
scene before him.
	Gently, all the Tenchis roused their respective women, and they
went into the house.  Later on, right outside the bedroom, the six 
Tenchis were in a circle.  They were nervous.  
	"What are we going to do?" said number one.  "You know they're
going to want to...you know...."	
	"Yeah, how do we decide who goes with who?" said number six.
	"I don't know....jan ken, anyone?" said three.
	"I don't think...AII!" number four didn't get to finish his
sentence, as Ryoko phased in behind him, and with a devilish smirk, 
teleported away with him to parts unknown.  
	"Oh no!  They're just going to come in and hunt us down!" said
five, quivering.
	Suddenly, Mihoshi and Kiyone came out from two rooms, one on
either side of the hall.  The Tenchis froze in place, not daring to 
move.
	They both had their guns out, pointing in a menacing manner.
But the looks on their faces were anything but menacing, as they leered
at all the Tenchis.  
	"Number one, you must come with me!" said Mihoshi, who giggled
after that.  Number one didn't have much of a choice, so he went with
her, hands over his head.
	"You are under arrest, number two," said Kiyone, holding up a
pair of handcuffs in her free hand.  Tenchi two gulped, and obediently
marched along with her.  Kiyone threw a wink at the other three as she
disappeared through the door with Tenchi two.
	Number three let out a sigh of relief.  "Well, maybe we can 
dodge the others, hmm?" he said.  But the other two were just staring
at something behind him.
	Nervously, Tenchi three turned around.  Wasyuu stood there in
her nurse outfit, putting on a pair of rubber gloves.  He made a break
for it, trying to escape, but Wasyuu had a machine ready, which simply
grabbed him and tossed him into a subspace hole.  Wasyuu blew a kiss
to Tenchis five and six, and dove in after three.
	Five and six didn't dare turn around as a pair of arms came 
over each one's shoulders.  Sasami and Aeka gave their Tenchis a nice
firm hug, before presenting identical whip handles under each one's
chin.  Both gulped simultaneously.
	Aeka and Sasami drug their Tenchis off in opposite directions,
to different rooms.
	The house is almost quiet for a while, and during this time,
Nobuyuki sneaks around with his camera.  He cackles maniacally, 
rubbing his hands together.  Nobuyuki pulls out a camera, and walks 
into the darkness of the house.
	Not more than five minutes later, screams resound throughout
the house, along with cries of "Pervert!" and "Hentai!"
	Azaka and Kamidake stand at the gate to the house, listening to
the noises of the women giving Nobuyuki pain in their own unique ways.
	They both sweatdrop at the sounds.
	"Maybe Nobuyuki-san should take up golf," suggested Kamidake.
	"If he can move after this," said Azaka.  
	After a while, silence dominates the night, broken only by the
intermittent chirping of crickets.
	"Good-night, Azaka."
	"Good-night, Kamidake."
======================================================================
Well, I'm sorry I took my sweet time bringing out chapter six, but here
it is, the longest chapter of NNFSC to date.  Tell me what you think!
E-mail:cubone41@yahoo.com
URL:www.geocities.com/cubone41  
	
	
	