Ya know what I have to say about copyright.

No Need For Family 
			Chapter 8: Life, Death, and Angels

	"You see, I am only here for a limited amount of time. The honor of being 
ruler as Queen will be passed on to Ami. I guess thats why I don't like her, I 
think its just jealousy." Maiaka looked down at the ground, her blue eyes 
watering up again. 
	"MEOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" San-ohki screeched from the top of 
the stairs. 
	"What's the matter, San-ohki?" Maiaka turned to look at the small 
creature. 
	"Princesss........." San-ohki moaned. "You must return to the future 
now!!!!! Terrible things are happening!"
	"Right! I will go back to save the future of Jurai," Maiaka looked back at 
Washu, who was staring at her. "I guess we will meet again. Unless..." She 
didn't finish, but hugged Washu, and went after San-ohki. 
	"Where's Ami and Miyu?" She asked, and stared off into the horizon.
	"Here they come." San-ohki moved out of the way before Chi-ohki and Miyu's 
cat could crash into her. Ami was winded and Miyu was completly out of breath. 
	"Ready?" Miyu finally managed to ask.
	"Wait!"
	"Huh?" They turned around to find Tenchi right behind them.
	"I'll come too..."
	"That wouldn't be wise, You would end up hurting your future self,  and 
anyways, that would create a paradox. If you really want to help, take this, and 
go." San-ohki threw a small item in the air, and turned to the princesses.
	"Ready?" She asked.
	"I guess so." Miyu replied. "Are you to ready?"
	"Sort of."
	"Yes."
	"Then let's go! Everyone...Ami you start, then Maiaka, then Me." 
	"Golden Pheonix..."
	"Purple Eagle..."
	"Fire Cat..."
	"Unite!" They all joined their powers together, and in a few secounds they 
were teleported back to the room where Maiaka had been before she left. Miyu had 
been teleported back to the castle, but Ami was still there. Maiaka turned to 
find Miko standing where she had been the day Maiaka left. She seemed to be 
dozing off, still standing straight up. 
	"Miko, wake up." Maiaka shook the girl gently till she opened her eyes. 
	"Maiaka, you're back!" She exclaimed, rubbing her eyes. "Oh, and who is 
this you brought with you?" Maiaka had forgot completly about Ami, who had that 
look in her eyes that she got when she was uneasy.
	"How do we bust down this wall?" Ami asked, after a few minutes of 
silence. 
	"Hmm..." Maiaka thought, "What can break through diamond?" Something 
snapped in her mind.
"Diamond breaks diamond!" She exclaimed out loud.
	"But, Um... Maiaka? How are we going to get that diamond to break the 
wall?" Ami asked while Miko just stared. Her huge green eyes looked tired and 
scared. Maiaka thought for a moment, and got on idea. She walked over to where 
some jagged rocks of diamonds were sticking out of the floor. She concentrated, 
then karate chopped one of the diamonds that was sticking out of the ground. She 
picked up the sharp point that had come off when she had hit it. She walked over 
to the wall, and putting some of her Jurian powers into the point, she struck at 
the wall. There was a loud crumbling sound and cracks went up the wall. She hit 
it again, and backed up when the wall caved in, leaving a hole in the wall 
leading into another brightly lit room. Maiaka motioned to Ami and Miko, but 
Miko said she didn't want to go, and to come and get her if the evil was 
defeated. From where Ami and Maiaka where hid they could see Jen laying on the 
floor in front of a huge pillar. On the pillar was a throne, and a girl in a 
dress was sitting on it. 
	"Ami, We don't have much time. We have to transform now." Ami nodded. She 
pulled out her pheonix necklace. 
	"Golden Pheonix Transformation!" She called out, and her body was wrapped 
in ribbons of pink, and when it was over, she was wearing a pink kimono. The bow 
in the back had gold lining. 
	"Ok, now its my turn. Purple Eagle Transformation!" Maiaka's body was 
engulfed in the purple ribbons of color and light. When it was over she was 
standing in a blue kimono. Her bow had purple lining with a pendant of a cherry 
blossom. "Ready?" She asked her sister.
	"Yes."
Maiaka ran out to the middle of the room. "Hey you! I am Maiaka, princess of 
Jurai and I am here to defeat you!" Ami ran to join her sister.
	"Child's play. I've been expecting you Maiaka." The girl on the throne 
laughed evily. 
	"Get ready Ami, you don't know what she'll do."  
