Author’s Note: Most of the characters in the following story are not mine
and in no way do I claim them to be.  Nor do I claim that I created the
universe that the characters are placed in.  The characters and the
universe remain the property of Hitoshi Okuda, Pioneer LDC, INC and
Kadokawa Shoten Publishing CO.  Please do not sue.  This is a fanfic
and is nothing more than a show of my appreciation to the creators of
Tenchi Muyo.

 

No Need for Dark Warriors

                        Chapter 6

The main Juraian space fleet had stationed itself in a defensive position
around the planet Jurai.  The fleet seemed to stretch out over space for as
far as the eye could see and the sheer strength of Jurai’s power was
clearly visible.  They were waiting now, waiting for something that they
did not know.

            The Juraian battleship Shugo was stationed in the center of the
fleet, its huge mass silhouetted against the planet.  On the bridge of the
Shugo admiral Hogo was overseeing the entire fleet operation from his
command chair.  Quickly he began firing out orders.

            “Alright.  Prepare sensors for another deep scan.  See if you can
get anything this time.”

            There was some beeping from the computers as the scan took
place and then the sound of the science officer’s voice filled the bridge.

“Still can’t get through the interference sir.  As it is all available power is
being put into communications just so we can commune with the other
ships in the fleet.”

            The sound of the tactical officer was the next to be heard.

“Sir.  Recon flight twenty-six coming back in from patrol.”

            Hogo nodded.  “Right.  Patch them through communications.”

            “Yes sir.  Coming through now but the interference is high as
usual.”

            “This- recon flight twenty-six- reading nothing- now.”

            Hogo began to speak.  “This is the command ship Shugo, we
read you recon.”

            “This is recon- wait- thing- on sensors.  It’s the ship!”

            Hogo turned his attention to the viewing windows on the bridge
and his breath caught in his throat.  In front of the fleet, where there had
been nothing, was now a massive ship appearing from nowhere. 
Immediately the admiral was commanding the rest of the fleet.

            “All ships engage!  All fighter groups launch now!  Defend Jurai at
all costs!”

            The fleet began to move as one toward the looming ship in the
distance.  Then, once in range, the Juraian ships fired as one.  Countless
beams of energy shot forth toward the planet-sized ship.  Explosions
riddled its massive hull until it was almost hidden by the fiery blasts.

            Hogo watched with pleasure from the bridge.  “There, it can’t
withstand our navy!  Cease-fire!  Lets see what kind of damage we
caused.”

            The fleet stopped firing at once and the enemy ship was once
more visible.  There was not a scratch, not a dent on its hull.  It was
completely unscathed.

            “Impossible!”  Hogo almost choked on his own words.  “Resume
firing and move to close range!  I don’t care if we have to slam our ships
into that thing to stop it!”  Then something caught Hogo’s eye.  Looking
at the sides of the enemy ship he saw tiny specks being launched by the
thousands.  He soon realized what they were.  “Its launching fighters!”

            Before any of the Juraian fleet could react they found themselves
swarmed with countless fighters of a size so small it was clear they were
unmanned drones.  The royal navy found themselves slowly being nibbled
to death by ships so small even their fighters could not hit them.  Within
mere seconds all contact with most of the Juraian fighters was lost, the
enemy swarms had destroyed them.

            Admiral Hogo began yelling to his crew.  “Target those fighters
best you can and get our own fighters out of here before they’re all
destroyed!”

            “Yes sir!”

            “Sir!  Reading massive energy surge from enemy mothership!”

            Hogo turned back to the windows just in time to see half his fleet
enveloped in blue energy that was coming from the enemy vessel.

            “Admiral we just lost contact with half the fleet, but the ships are
still there!”

            Hogo shook his head.  “My god!  Its… is it pulling them in?”

            It was indeed and activity on the bridge of the Shugo ceased for
a moment as they watched half the Juraian fleet being pulled toward and
then slammed into the hull of the enemy ship.

            Hogo was up from his seat.  “It… it can’t be!  But it is.  That
thing is absorbing our ships!”

            One of the bridge officers turned.  “Orders sir?”

            Hogo wheeled upon the officer irately.  “Keep firing!”

            The Juraian ships continued to hurl energy at the enemy, but they
might just as well been casting stones as the huge ship continued to
lumber closer and closer to Jurai.  Then the ship halted.

            “Reading massive power fluctuations admiral!  Its, its going to
fire!”

            Hogo nodded.  “Activate the Lighthawk Wings!  Its our only
chance!”

            Immediately all the ships in the fleet were enveloped in the
protective energy exclusive to Juraians.  Then the enemy ship fired. 
Power beyond description shot from the planet-sized ship and impacted
and then tore through the shielded Juraian ships.  Even the Wings of the
Lighthawk had failed.

            Hogo felt his ship quiver and tare apart from underneath him. 
Then the bridge was afire as his crew flailed about helplessly.  Hogo
found his eyes riveted to the enemy ship.

            Now the enemy ship seemed to cut itself in half.  Slowly the
gigantic vessel opened up revealing a massive cannon-like device glowing
with green energy.

            Hogo was shaking uncontrollably.  “No… it can’t end like this…”

            With a roar that seemed to tare space in half a beam of pure
energy shot from the opened portion of the planet-sized ship and as it
passed the few surviving Juraian ships it tore them apart as if they were
paper.  Continuing on its dreaded path like some unholy messiah the
beam crashed through the upper atmosphere of Jurai and then impacted
the surface.  In space the sound did not carry but the screams were
countless as the beam spread, enveloping all of Jurai in a fiery halo.  Then
the entire planet gave its final death throw and was blown apart into space
dust.

            Now there was nothing, the fleet, the planet, all gone.  All that
remained was the massive ship.  After a moment the ship shut off the
beam of energy and slowly closed up the hole from which the bean had
come.  It then disappeared into nothingness as it had come, leaving the
nothing behind.
 
To be continued...


