	Legal stuff: Tenchi Muyo! belongs to AIC and Pioneer Animations. Raikon , 
Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao belong to me. Akina Makibi and Yukio belong to 
Liz Holt. 
Enjoy! :)

***************************************************************
********


	Sasami, Ryoko, Tenchi, Yosho, Washu, Nobuyuki, Ayeka, and Ryo-Ohki all ran 
outside as Saikyou landed down in front of the Masaki house.
They were ecstatic at the mission being a success. But 
frightened and shocked at seeing a shirtless Raikon with blood 
covered bandages around his abdomen being carried by Mihoshi 
and Kiyone at the shoulders, keeping his steady as he walked. 
In Kiyone's free arm she held Raikon's upper outfit and cloak.
	"Raikon," Azusa splurted. "what happened?" Misaki cried, "My poor, little 
nephew! Are you alright?" 
	Funaho's legs nearly fell from under her. "My baby..," she whimpered, her 
eyes welling with tears. Her sister came over to support her. Ryoko and Ayeka 
were unable to talk. 
	Sasami crashed into Funaho and Misaki. "Is he gonna die, mommy? I don't 
want Raikon to die! Auntie Funaho!" She burst into tears. "Hey, hey, 
hey...C'mon, everyone...I'll live...Don't worry 
about me. I was-"
"He was blasted by the Faeroblosian Queen when she attacked me," Kiyone 
interjected. "He saved my life." Raikiyo smile deeply into one another's 
eyes. 
	"If you'll excuse us, everyone...Girls, could you take me up to our room?" 
"Yes. He really should get some rest," Kiyone added. Mihoshi nodded. "It's a 
really bad wound so he's going to need 
lots of sleep!"
Funaho wiped her eyes and smiled up at her son. "You've always 
been a tough one, haven't you, Raikon?" 
She swallowed and sniffed.
"Do get yourself plenty of rest, okay? And thank you for 
staying with my boy, Kiyone. I anticipate the joyous occasion." 
Misaki giggled. She leaned forward and fussed with Raikon's 
hair. "You stay out of trouble. You can wait nine more days. 
Get to bed now."
"Uh..ha ha...I will," he replied. 
	When the get inside the house, Raikon stopped. "I think I can teleport to 
our room now..." He tried and he did. Kiyone followed him.

	Kiyone walked over to the couch in the room and sits down. "Now come over 
here and lie your head in my lap." He smiled and walked softly over to her and 
did as she asked without hesitation. 
She leaned down and kissed him. He tangled his hands in her 
teal tresses and brought her back down to give her a maelstrom 
of kisses. 
"Need anything else?" she giggled.
	"Yeah. How about some of your Universe Famous Miso Soup?" She blushed.
"I would go as far as to saying that...But sure, I'll make you 
some soup."
"Thank you," Raikon said in a wooing voice. "No problem, my 
dear. You just lie down while I make you your miso," she 
replied.
Kiyone walked over to the recently installed cooking area. She 
clicked on the overhead light. She opened a cupboard and pulled 
out a pot. She plucked up a pouch of miso and some dashi and 
other inredients for her delicious Miso Soup. Raikon was 
enjoying his horizontal view. [Damn, I'm lucky,] he said to 
himself. [But of course I know that...*sigh*] He smiled.
	In about five minutes, Kiyone poured her hot soup into a bowl and took out 
a spoon from a drawer. She strided over to the couch and placed the bowl on the 
coffee table and sat down. "I hope 
you like it," she said. "Well of course I will. You know that 
my love," he responded. She smiled down into his happy gaze. 
"Now sit your head back in my lap and I'll feed you my miso."
	Raikon snuggled his head in Kiyone's lap as she brought the spoonful of 
soup to his mouth. He opened his lips and gulped down the broth. The warm soup 
was quite good. The best he'd ever 
tasted, in fact. "Mmm...It's delicious...," he breathed licking 
his lips. "Really?" she said with a giggle. "I'm glad you think 
so." Her face turned a slight shade of scarlet. 
She continued to feed him.
"Like I said: The Universe's Best." Raikon continued drinking 
Kiyone's soup. He smiled up at her with a lusty eye. "You're 
too kind." 
	"No...This would be too kind..."
*snap* *rustle*
Her eyes widened and she turned a deep crimson.
	"But Misaki said we-Oh...Ooh...Oh...my...Oh my God...Uhh...Mmm..." She set 
down the near empty bowl and tangled her hand in his cerulean hair. She leaned 
back her head and softly moaned in 
satisfaction. He brought up his face and looked up at her. Then 
down, then back to her face. "Same colors...Very nice..." She 
giggled and softly pressed him to the bussiness at hand. He 
smiled into her eyes. "Yes my love." He continued to eat his 
fianc,'s tasty broth. 
Both were salty.
But one tasted more like salted candy.
	His tongue was working wild, raging havoc on Kiyone. "MMM...Oh my God! Mm! 
Ahh..! Ohh...Ah..!" Kiyone's hips bucked suddenly. Raikon smiled at her pleasure 
and took his deserved, liquid 
treasure.
She stroked his head and lay back. He looked up at her and 
licked up his lips. He quaintly pondered, "How did you like it, 
my love?" "It...it..was...rapture..," she said smiling, still 
trying to recover. "Hey, Kiyone. Why don't you change into your 
night clothes?"
"Oh. *snap* I will. I'll be right back...Let me change into 
something more...
comfortable," she teased.
She walked off to the spacious closet and in a few minutes 
later she was donning her two-piece, sea green silken 
nightwear. She also came out with a big smile on her face. 
"Mmm...Mon frierr,," Raikon called.
	She walked to the couch and sat down. Raikon lifted his head and snuggled 
it into her crotch again...Rubbing it into her lap...
She rolled her eyes into the back of her head. She groaned 
sweetly...but shook the dizzying lust off. 
	"So? How do you like it?" she asked. "Hmm...It's lovely...
Different...comfortable...loose...gives a very defining...sexy 
mood..," he replied in his sultring voice. He softly kissed her 
navel. 
She giggled.	    
She leaned down and kissed him continuously. "Now get some 
rest, okay?" she told him between sweet kisses. "Alright. I 
love you." "I love you, too." 
He again strongly rubbed his head into her lap...She shuddered. 
"Uunnnggghh..."
She smiled at her soon-to-be-husband and lovingly rubbed his 
temples and stroking his head...While at the same time, softly 
rubbing him on herself. "Mmm..." She bucked and shuddered.
	She again smiled at the now sleeping Raikon. She bent down to him and 
kissed his forehead. She leaned back, deciding she should get to sleep, stroking 
his head. She stayed there with her dear 
fianc, in rapture for all time...
	
The next morning...

*knock knock*
	Sasami got off the couch and walked to the door, asking herself, "Who 
could this be so early?" She opened the door and in came Akina. "Oh, hello 
Akina! How are you? Have you met the Juraian 
Royalty? This my father, Azusa, my mother, Misaki, and my 
Auntie Funaho." 
"Nice to meet you all," she said with a bow. Akina blinked then 
looked around the room. 
"Where are Kiyone and Raikon?" "Oh," Ayeka replied. "They are 
probably still asleep. You'd better wait a while...They'll 
probably be down soon." "Yeah, okay." She walked over to the 
couch and sat down. *crack crack* She popped the joints in her 
neck.
"I wonder when they're gonna get up."

	Kiyone yawned. "Mmm...Raikon?..Raikon?" She nudged his head with her knee. 
It just rolled. [This'll wake him up.] She leaned down, pushed a teal tress from 
her eyes, and kissed him firmly on 
the lips...
She jerked back.
[His lips are ice cold...no...] Tears welled up in her eyes. 
"No!"
She ran, bursting from the door. Everyone looked up see Kiyone 
running for the banister.  
"Noooo!!!!" She flung herself from off it. She tumbled in 
midair. Right before crashing to the ground she teleported to 
land softly to the floor. She appeared there crumpled on the 
ground, crying. "No..no...It can't be...Ice 
cold...electricity..gone...," she mumbled. Akina looked at 
everyone's frightened faces. "Kiyone! Kiyone...What's wrong?! 
What are you talking about?!" Kiyone sat up, pulled her legs up 
to herself, and rest her head on her knees. She shivered as she 
began. "His lips are ice cold." She wrung her hands together. 
"When I kiss him or he kisses me or...Um...
Well, I feel electricity. I tried to wake him. His lips were 
ice cold. I felt no elecricity." 
She broke down and cried. Akina's eyes welled up and she fell 
to her knees at her sister's side. She wrapped her arms around 
her forlorned sister and cried with her.  
"You poor thing! My God...," she cried. "He's...dead..," Ryoko 
shuddered. Ayeka and Sasami cry together...speechless. Funaho 
put her hands over her face as she cried. Azusa stood at one 
side with Misaki at the other. "There there sister." She rubbed 
her sister's back. Funaho moaned and fell to the ground with 
Kiyone and Akina. Tenchi tried to talk. The words, however, 
left him. Then they finally returned. "I...can't...believe 
it..." Mihoshi started wailing and joined the other three 
women. Yosho secretly smiles to himself.
[I guess so...]

	The large iron bells droll on this dreary afternoon. The heavens weep on 
this dreary afternoon. The people mourn in sorrow over their lost loved one on 
this, this dreary afternoon. 
Kiyone dressed head to toe in black. Her veil covered her teal 
tresses. She walked slowly up to the casket. "My love...I shall 
miss you. I will never love another."

	Suddenly, a hand clasped onto her shoulder. She slowly turned around and 
looked up at the man. She was amazed at the man before her. She hugged his 
tight.
"Will you be alright?" he asked her.
"Now I will."
"Let me get rid of those tears." He pushed off her veil and 
looked deeply into her eyes. He bent down and kissed each eye, 
removing her tears. She smiled at the familiar electricity. 
Kiyone and Raikon kiss in a long, passionate kiss. "Who's in 
the coffin, then?"
"Well...Let's just say I faked my own death." 
""You jerk!" Akina interjected. "Why'd you scare us with that 
clone?" 
"So...Who then killed the Faeroblosian Queen?" Kiyone asked.
"I did...My clone took the hit." "Huh?" 
"In Saikyou, you did see two mes. My clone took the damage 
dished out by the bug, and I dished out damage that killed the 
bug. My clone and I stayed fused until you fell asleep the 
other night. After that, I hung out with Washu in her lab until 
the funeral." He pointed out toward a wooded area. A gleam of 
light from a large metal object sheened. Saikyou.
"Uh-huh. I think I get it now." She giggled. "The other 
night...Was that..."
"That was all me." She blushed and giggled again.
"So we have seven more days, huh?" 
	"Yeah. Let's get out of this place. We'll prepare for our matrimony."
"Oh. One second." She pulled out her GP rbx-cube and twisted it 
around twice. She appeared in her normal, GP attire. "Good 
idea, Kiyone!" Mihoshi perked up. Her and Akina pulled out 
their rbx-cubes and twisted them around.
Suddenly, not only were Akina and Mihoshi returned to their 
more common garb, but everyone else's clothes changed also.
Raikiyo walked hand in hand towards Saikyou followed by the 
rest of the Tenchi crew. 
Mihoshi hopped up and down as she walked. "Yay! They're gonna 
get married!!!"

	Inside Saikyou, Raikon walked over to Azusa and Funaho. "Mother? Father? 
May we have the precession at the Royal Palace?" "Sure, honey," Funaho answered. 
"And the rest in the Thundara Ball Room?" "Of course."
The Thundara Ball Room was the size of of two football fields, 
both in length and in width. Washu walked up to Raikon.
"I've decided!...I'll play the keyboard!" she proposed. 
Raikon rubbed his chin. "Does everyone remember their 
positions?" 
"Oh! Oh! I'm the first bridesmaid!" Mihoshi chirped.
"I think I'm supposed to be the flower girl? Right?" Sasami 
asked.
The rest of the room was quiet.
"Okay." Raikon pulled out a pen and notepad from his pocket. 
"Let's see...
Ryo-Ohki you're the ring bearer," "Meow!" "Quite. Yosho's the 
best man, Ayeka and Ryoko are the maids of honor, Mihoshi and 
Sasami are both correct, Washu was sceduled for the music, and 
Nobuyuki, Tenchi, you two are the ushers." Akina walked up to 
him. "What could I do?" "Hmm...Um, lemme think..." 
"Hey sis? Didn't you train as a Paladin a couple years ago?"
"Yes I did...Hey! I could be the priestess!" Sure!" Raikon 
replied happily. "Good idea!
I can't believe we actually forgot to find a priest...So there 
we are! All positions filled!" 
Kiyone smiled at him. "Should we make a call to the Academy, my 
king?" 
"Yes we should my queen." Raikon dialed up a link to the 
Academy through Saikyou's communication system. The Head 
Administrator popped onto the screen.  
Raikon straightened into a salute. "Sir!" 
"Prince Raikon, sir! What's the matter of this call may I ask?" 
"I would like you to send notification of soon-to-be Kiyone 
Makibi Jurai and my, Raikon Jurai's, marriage to the Galaxy 
Police, the Universe Forces, and the other branches of the 
Space Academy. Please send the message of our matrimony 
throughout the universe." 
Yes sir. You know...You still are the second in our ranks." 
"And you are still ahead of me, sir." 
"Xeresei held his position well third in our ranks."
"Yes."
"Killing another officer, especially a high ranking Academy 
member, is a grave offense. Even if I killed him...If I killed 
you. I would be chased down."
"Sir...please don't..." "Alright, alright. I'm sorry," the old 
man apologized.
"Kiyone." Kiyone, dazed at first by the conversation, 
straightened.
"Yes, Lord Tatsao, sir?" 
"You are very lucky. He's a good boy. And the best justice 
enforcer I know. I give you both my blessings. You got a good 
strike."
"Yes, sir." She smiled. "I know." 
"I don't have that long to live...Only a decade or so...You 
then will become the new administrator." 
"I'll be happy to keep it standing." 
"Hmm. Well then, good-bye. I've just sent your message out. 
They will be notified immediately."
"Thank you, Lord Tatsao," Raikon replied.
*click*
	"Baby?" "Yes, Kiyone?" "Why didn't you tell me you were the second most 
powerful being in the Space Academy?"
"I didn't think I really needed to tell you." He smiled to her.
"I'll let it slide...this time..," she said teasingly. They 
kiss each other lovingly.
"Who wants some tea?" Raikon asked. "Saikyou, twelve green teas 
please." 
A tray with twelve green teas on it apeared from a compartment 
in the wall.
"Thank you!" everyone exclaimed. "Where are we going?" Tenchi 
asked, noticing the familiar green, blue, and biege planet 
swiftly getting farther away. 
"Jurai, of course," Raikon replied nonchalantly. 
"Jurai?! Oh...wait...the wedding. Well won't that take a week 
or so?" 
"Oh no!" He waved his hand. "With Saikyou, it'll only 
take...three days tops. I hope a lot of people come. Hopefully 
less than half are the family of those I've killed...
And all those women who attempted to seduce me..." 
"Seduce you?" Kiyone asked. "What do you mean, 'women who 
attempted to seduce you'?" "Exactly that," he responded, 
smiling. "While I was in space for many more than two thousand 
years, women have tried to seduce me. None 
succeeded...Well...except for...Promise you won't get angry.." 
He wrung her hands in his. 
"I won't. I love you."
"Mmm...Ryoko."
"RYOKO?! Grrr... Phew...I should have realized that...Makes 
sense...Your story from earlier.... 
I won't get mad." She began to slowly hyperventilate.
"RYOKO!!! Why didn't you tell me you had sex with MY HUSBAND!?" 
Kiyone screamed frantically.
Ryoko, whom at first seemed frightened, sneered. "Well, 
Kiyone...You never asked."
"I'LL KILL YOU!!!!" She flied at Ryoko. "Wha-oh."
Kiyone flew after the fleeing Ryoko.
"Kiyone! Calm down! Come here!" Raikon shouted. Kiyone appeared 
on the ground panting. He turned her around towards him and 
plants his hands firmly on her shoulders.
"I love you. The past is the past. You are my life. 
I...Love...You.
I will always love you until the day I die.
Do you understand me?" 
Her eyes welled up. She looked to the ground and blushed. She 
looked up and was welcomed by his warm smile.
[Damn that smile,] she thought to herself. They kissed 
passionately. She put her arms around him and lay her head on 
his chest.
"Hell if that smile can't get you out of practically anything," 
she said. 
"Well...Not everything..," he replied, brushing back a tress of  
teal from Kiyone's face.
"God, I love you," she swooned. She tangled her fingers in his 
turquoise hair. 
"And I you."
"So what should we do for the next three days?"
"Hmm...we could...relax...sleep...or play ping-pong!"
He clicked in some keys on his telecomp and five ping-pong 
tables appeared on Saikyou's floor.

	Over the next three days, they relaxed, slept, played ping-pong, ate food 
from Master Juraian Chefs Sasami and Raikon, and discussed wedding plans. The 
Thundara Ball Room could be expanded to 
accomidate up to 20 trillion people comfortably.
If needed, any guests after 20 trillion could stay in the 
smaller ballrooms:
Fira, Terra, and Blizzara, each holding at maximum five billion 
people.








	






