	Legalities muyo. Tenchi Muyo!, all of its characters, and 
stuations belong to AIC and Pioneer. Raikon Jurai, Saikyou, Xeresei, and 
Lord Tatsao belong to me. Akina and Yukio belong to Liz Holt. I hope 
everyone who's reading my story is enjoying it. E-mail me and tell me 
what you think of it so far, I'd appritiate it. Enjoy this one too!
(*Note: The end part is quite lemony! Be advised! Thank you.*)

***********************************************************************

	Raikon looked at Tenchi and handed him a sheathed rapier. Raikon 
swung a foil from his waist in a powerful swoop. "Are you ready?" The 
rubbed swords in preparation.
"EN-GARDE!" Raikon followed through. Tenchi made an evasion to the right 
and pushed Raikon's rapier to the ground, but whom turned it around and 
tapped Tenchi's right leg. Raikon smiled at him. He hopped backward in 
deference. "Next round, Tenchi." "Ha!!!" Tenchi thrusted but Raikon slid 
to the side. They exchange clashes until Raikon turned around and 
blocked a downward slash. Then Tenchi tried for a delayed spinal tap 
only to touch air. Raikon performed a clean, spiraled backflip, and upon 
landing, taps Tenchi's left leg twice.
Tenchi turned around. Raikon returned his stance. "Duel!" 
Clashes of thunder and the chivalry of fire were poured into the duel. 
[He's prominent so with his skill. He weilds well his foil. Indeed. He 
has promise.]
Suddenly, Tenchi grabbed his weapon and pointed it skyward of him. While 
placing his hand on the flat of the sword, he drew it back, thrusted it 
forward, then brought it up, and swung it to his left touching Raikon's 
flank. "Well done, Tenchi. Ah, the Bastard Shingozou technique. I 
haven't seen in in ages. Since our last match, my brother...lest it be 
not and my mind fails me...Yosho?"
"Yes...You're doing it again." "Going into Shakespearean again..he 
he...sorry...Let's continue!"
Raikon blocked the proceding attacks of Tenchi's. He headed off a good 
thrust of which Raikon narily escaped. He did, however, escape. He 
performed a backflip then two hand-springs with another flip in which he 
tumbled the air twice. Tenchi rushed at him but Raikon simply pointed at 
him with his sword. Tenchi stopped in his tracks and Raikon poked his 
sternum thrice. "You did well. Good match." Tenchi melancolically said, 
"I lost." 
"Don't be so hard on yourself. I'm mellenia older than you. Of course 
I'm more experienced than you. But you should feel lucky...you're the 
first to touch me for generations upon generations. I'm impressed with 
your skills." "Oh. Well thank you very much."
"His skills are becoming quite prominent," Yosho said. "Mm-hmm. I can 
see that. You've trained him well." He turned to Sasami. "So, Sasami, 
what are shall we make tonight?"
"Let's see...I've planned to make crab legs in lobster sauce, broiled 
carrots, of course, dinner rolls, and Sasami's Special Shef Salad and 
milk-creme filled peaches."
"Filled peaches? Whoa. I love those! They're my favorite dessert!" "You 
know Auntie Funaho suggested it." Kiyone added, "Great! I love those 
things! I haven't had 'em since I was a little girl." Raikon's starlight 
gaze fell on her. "Really?" "Yeah. My mother used to make them for me 
when I was a child." He smiled divinely at her. Raikon swept her up and 
held her as the prince he is would his princess. Putting her arms around 
his neck, Kiyone rested her head upon his.
Ryoko sighed. "They are really made for each other." *Reow!* Ryoko 
sneakily teleported to Tenchi and found herself with her arms wrapped 
around Ayeka. "Oh, Ryoko! I never knew you cared! Now stop attempting to 
seduce Tenchi. Alright?" "Hmph!" She folded her arms in front of her 
chest. "You know Kiyone, I'm also quite envious of you...I'm sorry to 
say," Ayeka admitted. "You're so lucky." "Yes...I know.." She rubbed her 
head on Raikon's. 
Mihoshi cheerily said, "I can't wait until the marriage!" "Neither can 
I. I'm suprised, you've been quite tranquil." Huh?" "Nevermind." Kiyone 
looked deeply into Raikon's eyes and hugged him.
Ayeka asked, "Raikon? How did you know Washu and Ryoko before?" 
"Uh...um....Well...I'll tell ya when we get back into the house, okay?" 
Misaki whispered to her sister, "Those two are just the sweetest!" 
"Aren't they though?" Funaho replied. 

	Everyone gathered in the Masaki den ready to hear how Raikon once 
came to meet Ryoko and Washu, with Kiyone sitting on her fiance's lap. 
"Okay...well....Let me see...
I think I'll start off with Washu. 
About a month before Xeresei's death, Washu began stalking me with 
surveilance units. It was about that same time when I was enabled to 
fully use my thundrous powers to their zenith... Enough power gained to 
disable or to harm greatly...Not to kill...a human, anyway...I gained 
that amount of power...not until Xeresei. 
But anyway, after I deactivated about twenty of her droids, she started 
chasing me around on foot with a camera. On the second day she started 
doing this, I...caught her...in my bed...and she still had her camera." 
"Yep!" "I asked her what she was doing there and she said-"
"Recording," Washu said in a sing-songy voice and wearing a smile. 
"Ahem. Yes. I told her, 'That's it! This has gone on long enough. What 
do-o you want?' And-" "I said, 'A. You're interesting. B. You're really 
good looking. Wanna be my guinea pig?'" "Quite. I let her know that I 
was too busy with work and my life in the Royal family for anything like 
that." "I said alright in my most dissapointed voice. I asked him if I 
could bunk there, and him being as kind as he is said, 'I don't care.'" 
"Yeah...Well I slept well...Except..I awoke in the middle of the night 
to find Washu...in a nurses outfit and...and was holding a giant 
syringe. I fainted back to sleep then...But I wish she had the dignity 
to wear underwear." Kiyone's eyes widened. "How's that?" Washu explained 
for him. "It's alright Kiyone. He didn't do anything with me. I just 
rubbed myself against him." "Washu? From now on don't try to seduce my 
husband. Alright? I'd greatly appritiate it." "No problem. Besides, 
you're too cute a couple anyway." 
Kiyone leaned back against Raikon and relaxed her head upon his 
shoulder.
"Now...About Ryoko...Somewhere, in a tiny galaxy, I landed on this 
orangish planet and went into a local club. After I ordered a drink I 
looked around. You know, checking out the atmosphere. Then I noticed too 
much cyan in one place...I realized that it was the space pirate Ryoko 
sitting on the bar stool next to me. 'R-Ryoko?' 'The hell? What the hell 
do you want buddy?!-Ugh...Aren't you...Prince Raikon?' 'Yes I am. How'd 
you know?' I asked stupidly.
She pulled a newspaper from her pocket. 'You're all over the news for 
one thing. And besides, who doesn't know who you are? You've been in the 
papers ever since you killed...' 
'Xeresei...'
'Yeah, that's it. But that was about four centuries ago...Way to go.' 
'Believe me, it doesn't put you in a good mood to become the highest 
ranking detective just to become the highest ranking space criminal. 
God.' 'Oh...You poor thing..Hmm....Hey! C'mon, let's dance!' 'Sure.' 
So we danced...and danced....and danced...Until they made us leave...We 
were the only ones left in the club...And it was way past closing 
time...
I asked her, 'So what do we do next?' 'That was fun. Hey, come aboard my 
ship. You can stay here until morning....' I did so and was suprised 
when I woke up to find my sister, Ayeka in Ryo-Oh chasing Ryo-Ohki. 'Aw 
damn! It's Ayeka! Well, I'll see you, Prince Raikon!' 
She blew me a kiss as I went back aboard my ship and flew off." Kiyone, 
slightly fearful asked, "Ryoko...you two didn't.......did you?" "My 
love, don't worry about the past. What's past is passed. Let's enjoy the 
present." He cupped Kiyone's cheek and tilted back her head embracing 
her with a passionate kiss. She leaned harder on him. Sasami stood up. 
"So, shall we eat?"

	In the dining room, everyone was eating and happily so...except 
for Raikon and Kiyone whom were feeding each other. Ayeka spoke up and 
said, "Those were interesting stories, brother. But it seemed that they 
both attempted to seduce you." "Yeah I guess we did," Ryoko said. "But 
those two are perfect for each other, for sure. I wouldn't want to spoil 
it or anything." "Tenchi and I are perfect for each other but you always 
seem to spoil it. How is that?" "Hey prin-" Tenchi stood up. "Girls, cut 
it out. There's a happy mood here. Please don't ruin it." "Ye-yes...yes 
Tenchi," they replied.
Simeutaneously, Raikiyo (*Raikon and Kiyone*) said, "Now for the 
peaches." They proceeded
to feed each other their dessert. 
"I hope everyone is enjoying my peaches." Everyone except Raikiyo said, 
"They are delicious, Sasami!" "Yes, Sasami! They are wonderful!" Kiyone 
swooned. "Yes! I love them!" Raikon crooned. 
The fuschia haired scientist began to think. "Raikon? Why didn't you 
join the Universal Forces?"
He finally was knocked out of his trance."Huh? Well, they did ask me, 
several times actually; I refused.They really need to lighten up around 
there...well most of them...This happened about the same time that Washu 
was spying on me, actually a while before. That's when she started 
spying on me. They had asked me many times before, mind you, but 
eventually I decided it wouldn't hurt to just go and check out the HQ." 
"What's the Universal Forces?" Tenchi asked.
Ayeka added, "I've never heard of it." "Hmm...I'm drawing a blank," said 
Ryoko.
"They are an elite wing of officers. The most stern, the strongest,  and 
the most tight-lipped enforcers anywhere," Kiyone explained. "They won't 
hesitate to turn a simple stake-out to a bounty hunt. Huh? My little 
sister Akina is in the Universal Forces! What the hell's the matter with 
you guys?" 
"Oh right! Akina!" Ryoko exclaimed. "I'm a dumbass."
"Yes, Ryoko. Yes you are." "Why you little stuck up-!"
"Plus they can't get jokes," Rikon added. "Only a few hundred have a 
sense of humor, yes."
"They choose those with special powers like Ryoko and I and they 
surveilance us...They check birth files and notices of youngsters, those 
of abnormal activities...These people don't mess around. But they 
generally give you the choice to say no...
I was chased by them...
But anyway, my visit wasn't totally spoiled. They entered me in this 
huge battle engagement to test my skills of two thousand and five 
competitors to fight. The first thousand were a breeze.
The last five gave me a work out, though.
Competitor number 2001: She was pretty easy, but she was hard to catch. 
Her dexterity was frightening. 
Competitor number 2002: This guy was really...green. He could cloak 
himself which gave me some difficulty. Until I filled the air with 
electricity. I found his heat source and beat him down.
Competitor number 2003: He was basically a tank. I'm pretty sure he was 
a Sasquatch. It took me a while, but I blasted him.
Competitor number 2004: This young girl was my next challenge. And a 
challenge she was. She created monsters from air and sent them into 
battle. She had potential. Eventually, whileshe was creating a golem of 
sorts, I heated the air around her and let her fall asleep.
Competitor number 2005: A man with white hair and eyes...gold-colored 
mixed with green was my final enemy. He was also just checking out the 
campus. But they had chosen him to battle me. We fought for hours upon 
hours...neither of our attacks harming the other more so than the 
other's. Our powers were matched. Upon the thirteenth hour, we both 
collapsed out of exhaust. 
The judges declared it a draw. After I left the HQ campus, Xeresei and I 
went  on to train. He was my partner. Well...he was...until that 
day...Hey, Washu? Do you still have any surveilance left in the UFHQ?" 
"Well no...But we could call 'em!" Raikon pulled out a cell phone and 
handed it to Washu. "Okay give me the number please." 
She pressed in the required digits and gave him the cell phone. Suddenly 
the cell phone burst open and became a large monitor system. A woman's 
face appeared on the screen.
"You have reached the UFHQ. What do you need sir...Wait...Aren't you 
Prince Raikon?"
"Yes. I have been cleared from all charges, no?" "Yes you have, sir. 
What do you need?"
"Is Miss Akina Makibi available?" "My sister?" Kiyone said confused. 
Ryoko looked up. "Akina..." "Mmm...Why yes she is. Let me connect you." 
*BEEP* 
Akina's face appeared on the screen. "Yes? Pri....Prince Raikon. I heard 
that my sister released you from all charges. Why? What's going on? 
Where are you?!" She gasped as she saw Tenchi behind Raikon. "Long time 
no see, Akina." "You're in the Masaki house?! What the hell did you do?! 
Why would my sister-" Ryoko interrupted her. "Calm down, Akina. We're 
fine." Ryoko...Why would my sister revoke the charges?!?!" Kiyone popped 
up from behind Raikon and swung her arms around his neck. "K-Kiyone...?" 
"Because I love him." She pecked him on the lips. "That's why." "Oh...Oh 
no...My poor sister...The bastard brainwashed you...." 
Raikon nearly keeled over with laughter. "Tell her baby," Kiyone said. 
"Yes honey." 
They shared a passionate kiss.
Akina was really frightened that something was wrong. "What the fuck is 
going on?!
*hyperventilating* You...love him...Tell me how did you fall in love 
with him..?" 
"I don't know...to be honest...The man's like a human magnet...and, 
well...I guess it was fate.."
"Yes...I know how that is.." Raikon told her, "It's a really long 
story...But I think we have time.."
About two hours later...Raikon's story had finished...
"Oh my God...What a story..." Kiyone then remembered to tell her. "Oh, 
yes. We're engaged."
Kiyone flaunted her stone. "Y-You're getting married? Don't you think 
that's a bit hurried?"  
"Yeah...I know...But it seemed...meant to be..." 
"...." 
"No, we haven't."
"Mmm...Okay...Good. Well you both have my blessings. I do see why you 
fell in love with him...Anyway, you know the lives that have been lost 
cannot be forgiven...Although the Space Academy has all but forgotten 
about Ryoko's crimes...As she did assist in killing Kagato, that 
probably has something to do with it. I'll forgive it...Since the 
Academy already has. You are the great-uncle of the universe's savior." 
Mihoshi rushed up to the screen.
"Akina! Shouldn't you be getting to bed? It's getting late." The monitor 
clock then appeared. It dailed as 2:41 A.M. "Whoa," Raikon said 
astounded. "Well, we'd better get going." "Yeah, me too." "Goodnight 
little sister," Raikiyo said. "Good night you two. Keep in touch!" 
*BEEP*
The group exchanged good-byes and then left to their resident rooms. 
Raikiyo slept side by side, as if their marriage had already happened...

*RING* *RIIING*...*RING* *RIIING*...*RIN-beep* "Hello?" Raikon drowzily 
answered his cell phone. "Yeah hold on." *whoosh* The cell phone 
expanded into a monitor system. 
"Honey. Kiyone, honey. Wake up." Kiyone was still asleep at the time. 
"Ugh...baby...What is it? Who's calling?...AHHHH!!! Section chief! Wha-
What is it?!" 
"The Academy is all a buzz over your and ex-space pirate, Prince Raikon 
Jurai's marriage! 
I see that this is true." Kiyone thrusted out her hand. "Here's my 
stone." "Oh my. Quite impressive! Well, I was just making a 
confirmation." The officer swung his hand to his head in salute. "Out 
sir...ma'am." "Very good," Raikon replied as the picture beeped out. "So 
Kiyone, my dear, what do you say we put on some clothes and go down 
stairs for some breakfast?"
They had slept in late again. ""Yes, let's." 

	Upon reaching the main floor, they smelled a wondeful aroma coming 
from the kitchen.
They saw Sasami making breakfast in a large, black pot. "Mmm...That's 
smells good," Raikon said. "What is it?" Kiyone asked. "What? This? It's 
just bacon omlette du fraumage...and toast!"
"Ah, I see Ayeka has been teaching you some French..," Raikon said, 
rubbing his chin. "And very well," added Kiyone. "Oh, why thank you." 
Sasami continued stirring the breakfast concoction as everyone hovered 
over it...Some more literal than others. "It should be done! Just a 
little salt...and some...pepper. Hey Raikon, could I use some Teal?" 
"Yeah sure." He pulled the container from his jacket and put a pinch 
from it into Sasami's hand. "Thanks! Everyone...Dig in!" Kiyone then 
noticed something frightening about the pot. "Oh my God! That pot...it 
isn't one of the...is it?!" 
"Don't worry! I cleaned it with a very powerful, disinfectant, non-
corrosive acid! It's fine! Hee hee!" replied Sasami. "Now eat up!" 
Sasami poured a basketball-sized ladle-scoop of food.
She walked off with the huge pot as everyone ate their breakfast.
"Darling? What on earth was Ryoko babbling about?" "Uh...You...really 
don't wanna know." 
"Um...Okay..," he said. He used his telepathy and read her thoughts. 
"Ugh...you were right...I didn't want to know..." Everyone enjoyed their 
meal...reluctantly enjoyed, but enjoyed nonetheless. 
*Bella-ba-beep! Bella-ba-beep!* "It's my communicator," Kiyone said. 
"Hello?"
"Hi sis!" Akina said happily. "You're unusually perky this morning." 
"Good morning to you, too!
And...Good morning everyone!" She shouted. "Yes, I am. They let me take 
a short time off. I'll be over the day after tomarrow...probably early." 
"Great! We'll see you then!" "Out. Heh!" 
*BEEP*
"Wow Kiyone!" Mihoshi said. "She's really lost it huh?" "Oh my God. Oh 
well, I knew it couldn't last forever." "She's gone ditz again," Raikon 
added. "Well, Kiyone my dear, shall we train Tenchi?" "Huh? Both of 
you?" Kiyone walked up towards Tenchi and put a hand at her hip. "What? 
Your great-aunt can't help train you?" Raikon turned to Washu. "Washu, 
have you finished it yet?" "Yup," she replied, pressing a button on her 
telecomputer. An orange headband appeared from a storage portal of which 
she caught. "Here's your band back, Kiyone," she said and handed it to 
Kiyone. "Thanks." "Try it out." She tied it to her forehead. 
She began to float. Kiyone giggled. 
She levitated over to Raikon and put her arms around him. 
"Hmm...now I know what Tenchi feels like..." Kiyone scowled. "That's not 
funny." 
"I know, I'm sorry." He kissed her soft lips. She smiled. "That's 
better!"
Kiyone began a backstroke then dived and performed a sharp backflip. She 
then floated back to her lover. "This is fun." "Isn't it though?" They 
pecked each other on the lips and stared into each other's sparkling 
eyes. 
Suddenly and simultaneously they teleported to the other side of the 
den. 
"You can teleport too? Wow." Ayeka was suprised. Tenchi was confused. 
"Washu what the...?" 
"I created a simple device that allows Kiyone to fly, teleport, and do 
lots other nifty stuff!" "Wow! That's really amazing!" Sasami exclaimed. 
"Yeah, well," Washu muttered under her breath, "after their honeymoon 
she won't need it anyway." "What's that?" Tenchi inquired. "Oh, nothing 
Tenchi!" 
"Let's go," Raikiyo dreamily mused.

	"Okay Tenchi, today we'll work on jumps, flips, rolls, 
twists...basically put, gymnastics." "G-gymnastics?" said Tenchi without 
enthusiasm. "Yes...Do you have a problem with that?" "N-No...it's just 
that..." Raikon began to form a Shadow Ball in his left hand. "Would you 
rather spend the afternoon dodging these?" He smiled. "I sincerely doubt 
you do.."  The blood rushed from Tenchi's face. His heart leaped into 
his throat.
"You've gotta be kidding me...N-no sir! Gymnastics are fine! He he!"
The mass of energy diffused. "Good. Now...Land a front flip!"  Tenchi 
flaunted a flawless flip.
"Well done...BACK FLIP!!!" He landed a less than perfect pose. He 
clambered back to his feet from his knee.
"Hmm. Not horrible...Try some side flips." Tenchi grinned. "Easy." He 
hit the mark perfectly. Agilely he flipped twice to each horizontal 
side. "Bravo." 
Kiyone floated forward. "Now Tenchi. Can ya take some heat?" She whipped 
out her SI pistol and fired. Tenchi's eyes widened.  
*BOOM!* 
His eyes dialated as he looked at the smoking crater inches before him. 
His faced turned as pale as a ghost's. 
"Tenchi." He looked up at Raikon. 
"I'd run."
Triggerhappy Kiyone flew after a fleeing Tenchi whom, if enabled, would 
have screamed bloody-murder. Tenchi saw a strange, blue flash in his 
mind. 
[What the..?] [Tenchi. This is a part of your training: Jumps, flips, 
rolls, and twists...]
[You tell him?] [Yeah, sweetheart.] [Hehe...]
Kiyone sped along blasting about Tenchi. Missing, but making the shots 
count, she knocked her great-nephew off balance. He looked around 
searching for a solution...and suddenly, it came to him.
The trees...and they're close enough together...yes...
"He has a plan," Azusa explained. "Quite correct father," said Raikon. 
"He learns well..."
Tenchi turned around and smiled up at his great-aunt. He jumped at a 
tree.
Just as he sprang off of the tree to another, the tree was reduced to 
splinters by Kiyone's blasts. After jumping from nearly twenty different 
trees, Tenchi stopped on a tree limb.
"Where did she go?" He searched all around. "Aaaaggghhhh!!!"
Suddenly two arms seized him from underneath his extremities. 
"Hehehehe..." 
*whoosh*
Tenchi unexpectedly found himself twenty-five feet above the ground. 
"Kiyone! What the hell are you doing!? Are you insane?!" "No, I'm not," 
Kiyone said defensively. "Don't worry. I won't drop you. Well not until 
Raikon tells me to."
"Not until..." Tenchi gulped. 
"Now Tenchi, you will perform a flip by thrice," Raikon commanded. "Make 
sure to land low on your flank if at all possible." "Don't worry," 
Kiyone said comfortingly. "If something bad happens, I'll save you." 
Ayeka, seemingly scared out of her wits screamed, "Why are you holding 
Tenchi up there so high?! What are you doing?!"
"Ready?" Raikon asked. Ryoko growled. "You better not drop my Tenchi!"
"I think so..," he replied. Kiyone slid her arms out from underneath 
Tenchi's. Ryoko's eyes contracted. "They...dropped...Tenchi," she said 
in disbelief. She and Ayeka gasped. The blood drained from their faces. 
Tenchi sinuously performed three aerial tumbles. 
When Tenchi reached ten feet away from the ground, Ayeka and Ryoko swung 
their arms around each other and shrieked. Tenchi turned to his side in 
a split second.
A shell of energy seperated Tenchi and the earth as he neared it. 
Everyone noticed that Tsunami was returning to her form as Sasami. And 
Tenchi's landing was softened.
He stood up and dusted himself off. "Very good, Tsunami," Raikon said. 
"No problem, brother," Sasami replied.Raikon smiled over to a floating 
Kiyone. She sent him a grin in return.
The two flew to each other's arms. They looked down at the scene below 
them:
Ryoko and Ayeka were checking to make sure Tenchi was alright; Funaho, 
Misaki, Yosho, and Azusa were cheering to Sasami for the save; and 
Mihoshi was giggling insensently. Raikiyo embraced in a kiss.
"Wow," Nobuyuki said as he munched on a rice cracker. "Yup," Washu 
agreed with a grin.

	"Lunch time!" Sasami walked up to Raikon. "What are you gonna make 
Raikon?" "Well, I'm going to make buffalo wings." "Buffalo wings? I 
didn't know buffalo had wings..." "Er...oh...these are a meal from the 
Western part of this world. I've been on Earth, you see, in the United 
States. I had also bought a home in Cancun, but anyway, I flew from 
state to state, seeing interesting sights...Okay so the World's Biggest 
Roll of Toilet Paper was disturbing...But the Grand Canyon was nice. 
After going around the United States I went down to Cancun and bought a 
house. Unfortunately, the GP eventually caught up with me only five 
years afterward so I abandoned the place. But it sure was fun while it 
lasted...
Sasami, do you have a deep-fryer?" "Yeah, it's in the top cabinet, two 
to the right." "Thanks." He floated over to it and pulled it out. He 
shot a smile at Kiyone. She smiled back and then teleported behind 
Raikon. He set the deep-fryer down on the rangetop and swung his wrist. 
A telecomp appeared. Washu's ears perked up as she heard the clicking 
and clacking of the keys. "Hey! Are you using my telecomp, boyo?!" She 
raged. 
"No," he said slightly annoyed. "This is mine." "Oh." Washu's face 
became redder than her scarlet hair. She walked off. Kiyone peered at 
it. "So where did you get that?" 
"Remember I told you the UF kept asking me to apply?" She nodded. "Well, 
they gave it to me as a present to get me to join," he answered as he 
grabbed the deep-fryer and held it in the air. A storage portal appeared 
over it and chicken wings piled in. Sasami looked in the deep-fryer and 
asked, "Isn't that chicken?" She was obviously confused. "Yeah," Raikon 
laughed. "I don't see what's so funny..," she pouted. "*sniffle*." 
"Oh, Sasami! Don't cry...I'm sorry..," he put his arms around her and 
pulled her to his chest. Kiyone wiped a tear from Sasami's eye. " 
Sasami, it is chicken. 'Buffalo wings' is kind of a slang for chicken 
wings. It's nothing to cry about." Sasami smiled. 
Raikon added, "There's a good girl. I love you. I wouldn't want to make 
you cry." 
He patted her back...but suddenly, he was patting the back of a much 
taller girl and feeling the touch of foreign lips on his. Tsunami craned 
forward for a deeper kiss as Raikon's eyes widened. Everyone in the room 
gasped. Tsunami slipped back on her heels and out of the kiss. She 
licked her lips and said, "Mmm...Oh my...That was a good kiss!"
Kiyone became even angrier...
"You're very lucky, Kiyone." She stopped growling and her face became 
blank. Raikon straightened himself and nodded softly. He grabbed Kiyone, 
dipped her down, and placed the most passionate kiss she had ever felt. 
Everyone stared as their mouths worked.
When Raikon brought her back up, she was enthralled and in pure rapture. 
They straightened their outfits before continuing. He smiled to her and 
asked her to grab a list of spices. "And...I've got the Teal." His smile 
widened. She batted her lashes.

	*Sizzle Sizzle* About a half an hour later the food was finished. 
"Okay, they're done! Hey, Ryoko. Would you mind helping us set the 
table?" "Mmm!" Ryoko's mouth began to froth. "That smells delicious! 
Yeah, I-I guess I'll help." 
The three flew around setting the plates and putting wings on them. 
Tenchi asked, "Uh...how are we supposed to eat these?" "You don't use 
any silverware, Tenchi," Kiyone replied. "Yeah," Raikon added, "you eat 
'em with your hands." "Eat them with your hands?!" Ayeka yelled in 
disgust. "I shall not eat thses with my hands!" "Pipe down princess! You 
eat 'em with you hands 'cause they taste better that way!" Ryoko 
explained.
"Father!" "Listen to your rival, Ayeka." "Hmph! Mother!" "Listen to your 
father, baby." Ayeka growled.
"That is it! I can't stand it any longer!" The Juraian logs started to 
appear. 
"You want some girlie? Let's go!" Ryoko formed an energy ball. "I will 
ki-"
*KKRRRAAAAAACCCCKKKKKKKoooooooommmmmm*
"Sit!" Raikon said bluntly. The two charred women sat back down on the 
floor.
Everyone resumed eating their buffalo wings...with their hands...Even 
Ayeka...

	Everyone still awake watched Raikiyo feed each other rice 
crackers. "They're cute together, aren't they sister?" Misaki whispered. 
"Quite," Funaho replied. Azusa smiled.
Nearly an hour later, practically everyone was asleep...Everyone, that 
is, except for Raikiyo. They were lip-locking like nobody's bussiness. 
Raikon began kissing the nape of Kiyone's neck. He went up and kissed 
her ear...She shivered. "That tickles," she whispered with a wink. 
Raikon started to kiss down her neck again. He unbuttoned the top button 
of her jacket kissing all along her throat and to her sternum.
He unbuttoned the next one, exposing some cleavage. He kissed the top of 
her soft, fleshy breasts with the utmost tenderness, care, and love. 
As Raikon undid the hext button, he slipped the jacket from her 
shoulders, but left it on her. Her well endowed chest sighed in the 
jacket as Raikon kissed them. A part of her nipples were exposed to the 
air. She shivered, but this time, it was slightly more than 
tickling...She smiled.
He began to undo Kiyone's fourth button and fifth at the same time. The 
two fell out...
An electric touch...She writhed with pleasure...Her communicator went 
off...
*BEEP! BEEP!*
People began to yawn and Raikiyo's faces turn a phantom white. Raikon 
pulled his large hand from her pants and Kiyone, in panic, simply 
wrapped her arms around Raikon.
*BEEP! BEEP!*
They looked over and saw Ayeka blushing.
"My God, Kiyone! You may do that if you like, but why in front of all of 
us?"
"Tenchi!" Ryoko whined. "Why can't we do that, huh?" Tenchi's face 
flushed.
"Could you button me back up, babe?" Kiyone asked. "Of course." 
With a blur of speeding hands, Raikon buttons her up in under a second.
*BEEP! BEEP!* 
"WHAT THE HELL DO YOU WANT?! Guh! Section Chief! Uh...sorry sir."
"That's fine...Kiyone, Mihoshi! We need you on Saturn! The gorobos! Well 
actually, their adult form, the Faeroblos, are wrecking havoc upon the 
planet's ecosystem! They are killing people! And somehow, have pods to 
be launched to your location on that planet in thirty-five minutes! It 
seems they have announced that they will destroy Earth...Then the entire 
solar system...Then...I fear...the universe...
You are our closest officers! The five closest galaxies would be gone 
before anyone else would get there! Please! The universe is counting on 
you!!!"
"Yes sir! We'll try our best."
"Wait! Raikon! Help them, please."
"Of course, sir." 
"I should be clling you sir...you are much higher rank than I..."
"No time for such trivialities."
"Yes...You should get going." 
"Yes. Let's go girls!" 
"Right!" said Mihoshi. "You were right babe! Let's get a move on!" said 
Kiyone.
Raikon shot a blue and red laser beam at Mihoshi and she dissapeared 
with a boof.
Everyone gasped.
"Don't worry. I teleported her to Saikyou."
Everyone sighed.
Raikon and Kiyone grabbed one another's hands and teleported to Saikyou.
"Hold on girls! We're taking a jump through hyperspace!"
"Hyperspace?!"
*WA-BOOSH!*



