Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the 
story that belong to me are the ones I made up, other than that I don't 
own the rest of the characters.

Well, on with the story. 

A/N- All of the main characters are very OOC and yes, I meant them to 
be this way. 




No Need For School! 
 
 
 
Tenchi Masaki, a normal high school boy, was now heading back to school 
after a tedious summer vacation. His grandfather Katsuhito worked him 
to death that summer and Tenchi could not wait to go back to school so 
he could get away from his so called "slave driver". Tenchi arrived at 
class five minutes before the bell, so he still had enough time to 
socialize with his friends for the time being. The minute the bell rang 
everyone was seated and then the principal came in with a new teacher. 
Everyone observed how young she was while half of the guys in the room 
were drooling just by looking at her. The principal introduced her as 
being Miss Mihoshi Kuramitsu. The principal then gave her leave to 
teach and left the room.  
 
The minute this woman opened her mouth, the boys stopped drooling. She 
didn't sound too bright and her good looks which included a blonde wavy 
ponytail, big blue eyes, and a deep tan made her turn out to be the 
exact definition of the stereotypical dumb blonde. She started class 
off with a story called "The Demon of the Rashomon". Tenchi started to 
nod off while she was talking, so he decided to turn his head and stare 
outside the window because he noticed that Miss Mihoshi was completely 
oblivious to her surroundings. He looked at the clouds and thought 'Ah! 
Another normal day at school after all.' 
 
At around 9am, two new students were introduced into the class. The 
teacher had gone to the principal's office to pick them up. Tenchi was 
just as excited as everybody else in the classroom to see who his or 
her new classmates were. When Miss Mihoshi returned with the students, 
everyone was quiet while she introduced them. The two new students were 
both girls and the first one to enter the room was a girl named Ayeka 
Jurai.  
 
She had caught the attention of the whole room, including Tenchi 
himself. All the guys were too stunned to say anything as she walked 
in. She was very beautiful and had long dark violet tresses that were 
tied in the back as two long ponytails, her crimson eyes, which 
sparkled, and her smooth light pink skin. She also moved very 
gracefully, as if she were the daughter of a rich man and later, to no 
one's surprise, it was found out that she was the daughter of a 
millionaire. Everyone could tell that Ayeka Jurai would gain popularity 
very quickly.  
 
Next came Ryoko Hakubi. She also caught the attention of the room and 
this time the guys were drooling all over the place. Even though her 
movements were not graceful and very boyish at that, she was very 
beautiful as well.  
 
Tenchi wasn't drooling like the other guys, but this girl did catch his 
attention much more than the first girl who entered the classroom did. 
He was very stunned by her beauty because he never thought that such a 
beauty was ever possible.  
 
Ryoko had the hair of a juvenile delinquent, nice and spiky and her 
hair color was cyan. Her eyes were very different from Ayeka's 
perfectly rounded ones. Hers were shaped like those of a cat and the 
color of her eyes was also very catlike because they were golden. 
Tenchi thought that her hair and eyes complimented each other 
perfectly. Her skin was pure white like snow and when she grinned she 
revealed the fact that she had small fangs which scared a lot of the 
guys. Her ears, instead of being rounded like Ayeka's were elongated 
and almost pointy at the end, but not quite.  
 
Tenchi noticed the absolute difference in their looks and assumed their 
behavioral patterns as well. He thought that while Ayeka was neat, 
proper, and acted like a girl that Ryoko was your everyday, run of the 
mill, average tomboy who seemed more interested in sports than in make-
up. He later found out that his assumptions were right. 
 
Tenchi thought that he would like to become friends with both of the 
girls. They were also assigned seats really close to him. Ayeka sat 
right next to him, which was on his left while Ryoko sat right in front 
of him. Tenchi looked at the situation he was in and decided that it 
was going to be a very interesting year.  
 
It was noon and it was time for the regular lunch break. Tenchi noticed 
that the two new girls became instant friends despite their difference 
in status. They were already sitting together during the break chatting 
and laughing as well. Tenchi looked at them and thought that since he 
was sitting so close to the girls in class, that he should get to know 
them a little better himself. Tenchi walked up to the girls and decided 
to greet them as best as he could. 
 
"Hi!" said Tenchi. 
 
The girls looked up at him rather surprised and of the two Ayeka was 
the first to speak. 
 
"Hello, may I ask what your name is young man?" Ayeka inquired. 
 
"My name is Tenchi Masaki. You're one of the new girls that came in 
today right?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Yes. My name is Ayeka Jurai. How do you do?" replied Ayeka with her 
very proper manners. 
 
"I'm pretty good actually. Who's that girl next to you?" Tenchi asked.  
 
"That girl is my best friend Ryoko Hakubi. She also transferred in 
today," Ayeka answered.  
 
Tenchi looked at her curiously. "Best friend? Umm.excuse me, but didn't 
you two just meet each other right now?" 
 
Ayeka giggled. "No, we've known each other forever." Ayeka then looked 
at Ryoko. "Ryoko, why don't you say hello to him as well?" 
 
Ryoko got up from her chair and looked Tenchi straight in the eyes. 
Tenchi just stood there and wondered whether to run away or just look 
at her eyes which were burning directly into his soul. Tenchi had never 
felt like this before in his entire life.  
 
'Why the hell is looking at me in that way for?' Ryoko thought. She 
could feel herself blushing, so she tuned her head. 
 
'Man, she is even more beautiful up close!' thought Tenchi. 
 
Ayeka, seeing the looks Tenchi was giving Ryoko, was trying to distract 
him by inviting him to sit with them. Tenchi sat down and Ayeka started 
to engage in a conversation with him. Ryoko looked at Ayeka with a 
smile that said "Thank you". Ayeka just smiled back and then she looked 
back at Tenchi. Ryoko looked at Ayeka and knew that she had a major 
crush on Tenchi. Ryoko couldn't deny the fact that she thought that he 
was cute, but other things aside, she wasn't interested in him that 
way.  
 
After a few minutes, Ayeka excused herself to use the ladies room. 
Tenchi then decided to talk to Ryoko. Ryoko was just sitting there 
playing with her hair and twisting one of the two long locks that lay 
on the sides of her face with her left index finger. At that moment 
Tenchi made his move to speak. 
 
"So, Ryoko, how are you liking it here?" Tenchi asked tactfully. 
 
"Well, it's ok I guess. The people seem nice enough, but the selection 
of guys in this school is pretty scarce in my opinion. Ayeka has been 
trying to set me up with guys for forever now. All of the guys that 
Ayeka thought might like me have turned me down. They either thought 
that I was too ugly, too boyish, or both. Maybe I am those things, but 
I really don't care. I am who I am because I wanna be this way and 
those who don't like it can buzz off," she said bluntly. Ryoko sighed, 
put her hands behind her head and leaned back in her chair while she 
crossed her legs on the table. 
 
"Do you think you're ugly?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"I don't know. Do you?" asked Ryoko. 
 
Tenchi started to blush. "Well, actually I don't think you're ugly at 
all." 
 
"Then what do you think?" Ryoko asked, teasingly. 
 
"Well, I actually think that your looks are quite.quite." Tenchi 
started to trail off of his sentence because he was blushing madly 
right then. 
 
"Come on Ten-chi. Think of something to say," said Ryoko who was 
giggling. 'Oh no! What am I doing! I'm flirting with the guy that Ayeka 
likes. Well, fortunately she's in the bathroom and that I don't have 
the same feelings she has for this guy,' Ryoko thought. 
 
"Do you really want to know the truth Ryoko?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Why of course, Ten-chi," said Ryoko, still giggling. 
 
"I think that you're over the top drop dead gorgeous and that no super 
model can compare to your natural beauty," replied Tenchi. 
 
Ryoko was in a state of shock. No one had ever called her that in her 
whole life and she finally heard it from a boy she didn't even think of 
in that way. Or did she? 
 
"Uh.thank you, I think," answered the still shocked Ryoko who was 
rubbing the back of her neck at the same time. 
 
"No problem Ryoko," said Tenchi, grinning. 'Yes! Score one for the 
master!' thought Tenchi. 
 
Ayeka soon came back to the table and looked at her friends and asked 
them a simple question. 
 
"So, did I miss anything?" asked Ayeka. 
 
Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other and were quiet. They took a 
silent oath not to say anything, so that way Ayeka wouldn't figure out 
that they were somewhat flirting. Tenchi looked over at Ryoko who was 
looking down at her lap. If no one were in that room, he knew that he 
would tackle her down to the ground as quickly as possible. Tenchi 
decided to break the long period of silence that way Ayeka wouldn't get 
suspicious. 
 
"Well, I was thinking about throwing a party this weekend," he said 
finally. 
 
"Really? That sounds like fun!" exclaimed Ayeka. 
 
"Would you two like to help me decorate the house this weekend?" he 
asked. 
 
"I'm not sure if I could. My mom would probably just want me to clean 
the whole house as she usually does," groaned Ryoko. 
 
"I feel very sorry for you Ryoko. Wait! Maybe I can get a couple of our 
servants at the mansion to clean the house in your place. Would that be 
ok with your mom?" asked Ayeka. 
 
"I don't think that she would really care as long as she doesn't have 
to get off of her lazy ass to do it," replied Ryoko. 
 
"Good, then it's settled. You will help decorate this weekend," said 
Ayeka smiling.  
 
Ryoko smiled back at her dear friend. She knew that she was perfect for 
Tenchi. She was very pretty and polite as well. Who wouldn't want her 
for a girlfriend? 
 
"I was kinda thinking, and I hope you guys won't think me too forward 
when I say this, but I wanted to know that since you're helping me 
prepare for the party on Saturday if you two would like to spend the 
night in the guestroom," said Tenchi. 
 
Ryoko looked at her friend nervously at the thought of sleeping over at 
a boy's house. Ayeka was also a little surprised too, but she refused 
to make it an issue, so she accepted his offer. 
 
"That's great Ayeka!" Tenchi exclaimed happily. "But what about you? 
Aren't you going to as well?" he asked looking in Ryoko's direction. 
 
Ryoko shot a nervous glance at Ayeka. Ayeka looked back at her and 
sighed at her friend's indecision, so before Ryoko could answer him, 
Ayeka answered for her. 
 
"She'd love to come Tenchi. She's just a little shy about this sort of 
thing," said Ayeka. 
 
"Well, alright then. I'll meet you both tomorrow after school in the 
front," said Tenchi. 
 
"Very well. The bell for class is about to ring. Shouldn't we all be 
going now?" asked Ayeka. 
 
"Why yes! I believe that you are right, Ayeka," Tenchi said smiling. 
 
Ayeka blushed a little and smiled at him. Ryoko noticed what was going 
on between the two and started grinning.  
 
"Now, now you two. There will be plenty of time for you two flirt at 
Tenchi's house tomorrow," said Ryoko with a large grin. 
 
Ayeka and Tenchi blushed and then the three of them made their way to 
class. Ryoko pulled Tenchi aside before class started to ask him 
something. 
 
"What is it Ryoko?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"I was wondering, what do you think of my friend?" asked Ryoko with a 
slight smile. 
 
"I see what you're doing Ryoko," said Tenchi starting to grin. 
 
"I just want to know if you like her in a dating sort of way," said 
Ryoko. 
 
"Well, she's nice and very pretty. Yeah, I guess I could date a girl 
like her," replied Tenchi. 
 
"Thank you, Tenchi. That's all I needed to know," said Ryoko. 
 
Ryoko made her way to her seat in front of him. She looked back in 
Ayeka's direction and nodded. Ayeka started smiling and seemed very 
giddy at the moment. Tenchi looked back and forth at the two girls and 
was thinking about what he had just gotten himself into.  
 
At the end of the day Ayeka asked Tenchi to walk her home. Tenchi 
gladly obliged and since Ryoko didn't live too far from Ayeka, she 
tagged along for the first fifteen minutes of their walk. Once Ryoko 
made it to her house, not a very appealing house at that, she said 
goodbye to her friends and went inside to find her mother yelling at 
her for not keeping the house clean for her. Both Tenchi and Ayeka 
could hear the yelling from the inside and Tenchi at the moment felt 
very sorry for Ryoko. He liked Ryoko and he knew that they would become 
very good friends, but he wished it could be more. Ryoko made it plain 
and obvious that she didn't think of him in any way other than a 
friend.  
 
Tenchi looked at Ayeka and thought that she was perfectly feminine in 
every way. She didn't have airs about her even though she was very 
rich. She was very sweet and gentile towards everyone, except her 
enemies that is. Ryoko was her exact opposite. She was very nice, even 
if she was a complete tomboy. Tenchi thought that she was the most 
beautiful girl he had ever met in his whole life. She was also sweet, 
playful, and mischievous from what he could tell about her. He really 
wanted to ask her out, but he was afraid of the rejection and he also 
got a gut feeling that Ayeka liked him ever since the talk that he had 
with Ryoko that day. He decided to make conversation since they weren't 
anywhere near her house yet. 
 
"Ayeka, do you like me?" he asked, suddenly. 
 
Ayeka was a little stunned by the bold question, but then smiled at him 
confidently and replied, "Yes I do, Tenchi." 
 
"In what way?" he asked. 
 
"In what way would you like?" asked Ayeka. 
 
"I mean, do you like me as a friend or a boyfriend?" he asked. 
 
"In all truth, a boyfriend," replied Ayeka, blushing slightly as she 
spoke. 
 
"Do you know if Ryoko likes me?" he asked a bit nervously. 
 
Ayeka was stunned once more and replied in the only way she could, "Do 
you like Ryoko as I like you?" 
 
Tenchi looked to the ground and nodded. 
 
"I see," Ayeka said quietly. 
 
"She doesn't know though," he said looking back up at her. 
 
"Would you like me to tell her?" she asked. 
 
"No! I'm very afraid rejection and she already made it clear as day 
that she doesn't like me in that kind of way," he replied. 
 
"Then why don't you tell her yourself at the party?" she asked. 
 
"What do you mean?" he asked back. 
 
"Well, during the party or even this weekend, get her alone and try and 
talk to her," she said. 
 
"Well, that could work," said Tenchi. 
 
"Oh, we've arrived at my house. Thank you for the company Tenchi," she 
said, smiling. 
 
"Don't mention it," he said in return. 
 
"Well, bye now!" she said as she went inside. 
 
Tenchi watched her go off into her home. It was a beautiful mansion 
with a golden gate and many marble statues in the front yard, which 
looked more like a garden in his opinion. He turned away and started 
walked to his house. 
 
That evening Tenchi was tired. His father asked him why he was so late 
coming home and he told him that he was accompanying two of his female 
friends' home from school. His father found that to be an appropriate 
excuse since he himself was very fond of the opposite sex and Tenchi 
knew this all too well. His father asked him if he liked one or both of 
these girls and he nodded and admitted that he liked one of them a lot. 
His father unfortunately became emotional and squeezed his son and told 
him that he was so proud that he was becoming a man. Tenchi managed to 
get out of his father's death grip and ran upstairs to his room to 
escape him. Tenchi wondered what his father would say or even do if he 
found out that those female friends were going to be staying there for 
the whole weekend. He could only imagine.  
 
The next day at school Miss Mihoshi fell ill and the substitute was 
another attractive woman named Kiyone Makibi. She had long midnight 
blue hair and clear blue eyes. She was prettier than Miss Mihoshi was 
and by the looks of it, much more intelligent. She actually taught the 
class and Tenchi didn't fall asleep for once. During the middle of 
class she asked everyone to divide into groups of three and Tenchi 
picked none other than Ryoko and Ayeka to be in his group. At that 
moment, Ryoko teasingly put her arms around Tenchi's neck, which made 
him blush a little and made Ayeka giggle at the spectacle.  
 
"Oh Tenchi! You were so sweet to ask us to be in your group," cooed 
Ryoko. 
 
"Oh come on Ryoko, don't embarrass him!" said Ayeka in between giggles. 
 
"Oh my! I didn't notice! Let me remove my arms now," giggled Ryoko, as 
she blushed a little as well. 
 
"Uh.I need to use the bathroom," said Tenchi as he darted towards the 
Men's Room. 
 
Ayeka took this opportunity to tell her friend about what Tenchi told 
her on their walk home. 
 
"Ryoko? Tenchi told me something very interesting yesterday after we 
dropped you off," said Ayeka. 
 
"Really? And what may that be?" asked Ryoko.  
 
"That he likes you and not me," Ayeka explained. 
 
"What!" yelled Ryoko. 
 
"It's true. He told me this himself," said Ayeka. 
 
"But I don't even know if I like him like that," said Ryoko. 
 
"I don't know what to say Ryoko. You act like you don't, but you might 
hiding your true feelings towards him in your little flirtatious act," 
said Ayeka. 
 
"So you're telling me to look into my heart to find the answer?" asked 
Ryoko. 
 
"I guess you could say that," replied Ayeka. 
 
"I guess I could give it a shot. He is cute, so it won't be too bad," 
said Ryoko with a slight smile. 
 
"Well, why don't you try it now because I see him coming towards us," 
said Ayeka. 
 
"Sorry I took so long," said Tenchi, apologetically. 
 
"There is no need to apologize Tenchi. Actually, I have to speak with 
one of my friends over in that corner for a minute," said Ayeka. 
 
"Take your time," said Tenchi. 
 
"Oh believe me, I will," said Ayeka, holding back a giggle. 
 
"Well, let's start on our project now," said Tenchi. 
 
"Alright," sighed Ryoko. 
 
"Are you alright?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Listen, Tenchi. Ayeka told me what you said to her yesterday," Ryoko 
said quietly. 
 
"What? I asked her not to," said Tenchi, a little upset. 
 
"Actually, I'm glad she told me," said Ryoko. 
 
"Why?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Because I think I like you too," said Ryoko, much more quietly. 
 
"Really?" asked Tenchi, a little surprised. 
 
"Well, yeah. I guess that it just takes me longer to realize things," 
said Ryoko. 
 
"Do you wanna try it out then?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Try what out?" asked Ryoko, a bit confused. 
 
"Dating," said Tenchi. 
 
"Well, I uh.uh." said Ryoko, trailing off. 
 
"Please?" asked Tenchi, who was practically pleading. 
 
"Well, alright," said Ryoko, smiling. 
 
Tenchi then moved next to her and hugged her. Ryoko was a little 
surprised by the action at first, but she slowly hugged back. Ryoko 
felt Tenchi's hands graze her back and even though it felt good, right 
then was definitely not the time to be doing that.  
 
"Tenchi?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"What is it?" he asked back by whispering in her ear. 
 
"Do you realize that everyone is staring at us?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"They are?" he asked, starting to blush. 
 
"Uh huh," said Ryoko. 
 
Tenchi then slowly pulled away from the embrace and as he did Ryoko 
gave him a kiss on the cheek. Tenchi blushed again, but then smiled at 
his new girlfriend. Ryoko then noticed Ayeka coming back to sit with 
them. 
 
"I saw everything," said Ayeka, grinning. 
 
"Everything?" asked Ryoko, stuttering. 
 
Ayeka didn't answer her friend's question; she only smiled at her. 
Tenchi and Ryoko were both blushing very deeply now. Tenchi then 
grabbed a hold of Ryoko's hand and held it in his own. She just let him 
do that, even though her face was very red.  
 
The rest of the day passed rather uneventfully and once school was out, 
Tenchi met the two girls out in front.  
 
"Did you send the servants to my house?" Ryoko asked Ayeka. 
 
"Yes, I did that this morning. My mother had a word with yours and your 
mother agreed to let them clean the house and to let you spend the 
night at Tenchi's house," said Ayeka. 
 
"What did your parents say when you told them that two girls are going 
to spend the night at your house?" Ryoko asked Tenchi. 
 
"Well my dad was pleased," said Tenchi, who rolled his eyes, knowing 
why his dad was so pleased. 
 
"What about your mom?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"Well, she died when I was very young," Tenchi said sadly. 
 
"Oh, I'm sorry!" Ryoko apologized. 
 
"Don't worry about it, it's not like it's your fault or anything," he 
said, trying to cheer her up.  
 
Ryoko smiled at him. "Yeah, I guess you're right." 
 
"We should be arriving at my house any time now," he said. 
 
Once they arrived at his house, Tenchi noticed his grandfather at the 
entrance. He was a little startled to see his grandfather there, but 
then again his grandfather was always full of surprises. 
 
"Ah, Tenchi. Who are these two beautiful young ladies that you have 
brought home with you? Tell me, are they both your girlfriends?" asked 
Katsuhito. 
 
"No grandpa, just this one," he said, gesturing towards Ryoko. 
 
"Good, I almost thought that you were turning into your father," said 
Katsuhito with a short laugh. 
 
"I will never be like him. Thank God," muttered Tenchi. 
 
"Well then, why don't the girls go inside and introduce themselves to 
your father," said Katsuhito. 
 
"Uh.grandpa? Isn't it better that I go with them when they meet my 
dad?" Tenchi asked nervously. 
 
"Don't worry Tenchi, they'll be fine. Go on girls, get inside," said 
Katsuhito. 
 
They girls looked at each other and shrugged as they both made their 
way into Tenchi's home. Tenchi watched them enter his house with a 
still very nervous look upon his face. He was especially worried about 
his own girlfriend, Ryoko. He was afraid that his dad would try to hit 
on her at every chance he got. Tenchi felt someone tap him on his left 
shoulder. He turned around to see his grandfather with a patiently 
waiting look on his face. 
 
"Grandpa? Did you need to speak with me about something?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Yes, Tenchi. It's about those two girls that you brought home with 
you," said Katsuhito. 
 
"What about them grandpa?" asked Tenchi, who looked rather confused. 
 
"I feel great powers coming from within them," said Katsuhito. 
 
"Great powers?" Tenchi asked skeptically. 
 
"Yes Tenchi. They may or may not know it, but it is best not to inquire 
about it until one of us notices something out of the ordinary with one 
of them or even both of them," said Katsuhito. 
 
"So you're telling me to keep my eye on them while they're here?" asked 
Tenchi. 
 
"Yes, Tenchi," said Katsuhito. 
 
"Okay, but I honestly doubt that there is anything different about 
them. They seem like everyday, normal teenage girls," said Tenchi. 
 
"If you say so, Tenchi. I have to go back to the shrine now. Take good 
care of these young women while they are here and keep them away from 
your father's eager hands. Well then, since you're going to be busy 
tomorrow, I'll see you at practice this Sunday. I will see you later, 
Tenchi," said Katsuhito as he left for the shrine. 
 
While Katsuhito walked back to the shrine, he had one thought on his 
mind, 'Why did you come here?'  
 
He knew both of those girls from his past and he was in love with one 
of them. That one was Ayeka. He had wanted to marry her back then and 
he still did, but a war on Earth had prevented him from going back to 
her for a long time. After the war ended, he had grown comfortable 
living there on Earth and even though he loved her as much as he did, 
he couldn't go back to the place where the place she was because it 
wasn't home to him anymore. While he was on Earth for all that time, he 
did fall in love with another woman, but it didn't mean that he had 
stopped loving Ayeka. He loved her just as much as he did before 
because where she came from, the men were allowed to have two wives. 
This was not unnatural for him, so while he loved his wife on Earth, he 
still loved Ayeka as well. He did vow to himself that if he ever saw 
her again, he would do everything in his power to make it up to her for 
the lost time that they had. 
 
Tenchi went inside and noticed that his dad wasn't hitting on his 
friends, much to his own relief. His dad looked up, saw Tenchi and 
smiled at him. 
 
"So, these are the girls you told me about, right Tenchi?" asked his 
father, grinning widely. 
 
'Oh boy,' thought Tenchi. 
 
"Well, the guest room's free for you two. How long will you be here 
for?" asked Nobuyuki. 
 
"We will be here until Sunday," answered Ayeka. 
 
"Wow, Tenchi! Three whole days with these two lovely young ladies. I'm 
very proud of you son and I'm sure your mom would be too if she were 
here with us. Well, I'm going to cook dinner. Make yourselves at home, 
girls," said Nobuyuki winking at his son. 
 
Tenchi's dad left for the kitchen and the girls looked at him 
strangely. Tenchi turned a little red and then explained that his dad 
was a hentai. The girls looked at him and nodded in agreement. Ayeka 
then went to the guestroom to change and freshen up for dinner. Ryoko 
stayed with Tenchi and sat down on the couch with him. Ryoko noticed 
that Tenchi was being a little shy around her right then, so she 
decided to break the ice by giving him a soft kiss on the lips. Tenchi 
was a little startled by this action, but then he slowly gave in and he 
let her slip her tongue in his mouth and he did the same. Sooner then 
they knew it they were both lying down on the couch french kissing, 
with Tenchi lying on top of Ryoko, and grazing each other's backs with 
their hands. Tenchi's dad then walked back into the family room to 
inform them that dinner was almost ready when he saw what was going on. 
 
"Ahem! Tenchi, why don't you take your girlfriend up to your room? It's 
much more comfortable there," said Nobuyuki, winking at his son. 
 
Tenchi, at the sound of his father's voice, jolted right up and started 
yelling at him. 
 
"Dad! Would you please stop embarrassing me!" Tenchi yelled and pleaded 
at the same time. 
 
Ryoko was blushing because of what happened. She just sat there 
dumbfounded. Tenchi looked back her with a sorry look on his face. She 
just looked at him and smiled while shaking her head, which pretty much 
told him not to worry about it. 
 
"Listen Tenchi, I'm sorry I embarrassed you," said Nobuyuki. 
 
"That's ok dad. Just don't say stuff like that anymore," said Tenchi. 
 
"Alright son. Whatever you say," he replied. 
 
Just then Ayeka had come back to the room and sat down on the couch 
informing Ryoko that the bedroom and bathroom were free for her usage. 
Ryoko thanked her and went to freshen herself up. Tenchi's dad then 
went back into the kitchen to put the finishing touches on dinner and 
Tenchi started explaining to Ayeka what had happened in her absence. 
Ayeka just shook her head in disbelief. 
 
"I feel sorry for you. Fortunately I don't have parents like that 
neither does Ryoko, but in her case I should say parent," said Ayeka. 
 
"Parent?" he inquired. 
 
"Ryoko doesn't have a father Tenchi. She knew him for half of her life. 
Ryoko's father is not a very nice person at all. She just recently 
regained her memories of him because for a while she had selective 
amnesia," she said. 
 
"Selective amnesia? What do you think caused it?" he asked. 
 
"I don't think about what caused it, I know what caused it. One night, 
and this was the night she and her mother had left him, he beat her so 
badly on the head that it caused her to lose a lot of blood and some 
brain cells, which help activate a person's memory bank," she said.  
 
"That sounds awful!" he exclaimed. 
 
"I know and you need to promise me that you won't tell her what I said 
to you. If she wants to tell you about this in her own time, it's her 
business, not mine," she said. 
 
"In that case, I won't tell her that I know," he said. 
 
"Thank you, Tenchi," she said with a small smile. 
 
"No problem, Ayeka," he said in return. 
 
Two minutes later Tenchi felt a pair of arms snake around his neck. He 
turned around and found a smiling Ryoko looking at him. He looked at 
her and smiled back. 
 
"Did you miss me?" she asked by whispering rather seductively in his 
ear. 
 
Instead of answering, he kissed her softly on the lips. When he pulled 
away, she looked at him and grinned. 
 
"Good answer," she said, still grinning at him. 
 
"Would you like me to answer your questions like that more often," 
asked Tenchi, who was smiling at her. 
 
"Why not? It definitely beats the hell out of any verbal answer," she 
shrugged. Tenchi just grinned at her answer and she pecked him on the 
lips. 
 
Just then, Nobuyuki announced that dinner was ready. Tenchi and Ayeka 
got off of the couch and Tenchi made his way around to Ryoko and put 
his arm around her waist. They then walked towards the dining room to 
eat. 
 
Ayeka sat down next to Ryoko, while Ryoko sat down next to Tenchi. The 
food on the table was rice, salad, and fish.  
 
'It's not what used to, but it does smell good. I'll just taste it for 
myself,' though Ayeka as she took a bite of the fish. She smiled after 
she swallowed it and said, "This is very good, Sir." 
 
'I am definitely not used to food like this! Man, I'm getting the royal 
treatment tonight, aren't I? Time to stop thinking and dig in,' thought 
Ryoko as she began to chow down on her fish. She grinned in 
satisfaction and said, "This stuff tastes great!" 
 
"Glad you girls like it!" said Nobuyuki with a smile. 
 
"Hey, dad? What's the occasion? You hardly ever cook fish," Tenchi 
observed. 
 
"Well, ever since I heard that you were going to have two girls spend 
the night, I wanted them to have a nice dinner when they came here," 
replied Nobuyuki. 
 
"Well, it was very thoughtful of you, Sir," said Ayeka with a smile. 
 
"Yeah! I never eat this good at home!" Ryoko commented. 
 
"You two are very welcome," said Nobuyuki. 
 
After they ate dinner, Nobuyuki began to clear the table. 
 
"Are you sure that you don't want any help?" asked Ayeka. 
 
"No, I'm sure. You two just enjoy yourselves," said Nobuyuki as he 
carried a pile of dishes into the kitchen. 
 
"Well then, I am feeling a bit tired, so I'll probably turn in now," 
said Ayeka with a yawn. 
 
"Are you sure, Ayeka? Tenchi and I were gonna start preparing for 
tomorrow night. Are you that you don't wanna help us?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"I'm sure. I'll see you two in the morning," said Ayeka as she walked 
upstairs to the guestroom. 
 
"Goodnight, Ayeka," said Tenchi. 
 
Ayeka turned around for a moment. "Goodnight, Tenchi, Ryoko." She then 
made her way inside of the guestroom to sleep. 
 
As soon as Ayeka had lain down on her sleeping mat, a thought crossed 
her mind, 'Ryoko has been spending an awful lot of time with Tenchi. I 
feel like I've been shut out of her life. I'll talk to her tomorrow 
about it, if I get a chance.' She then fell asleep. 
 
Tenchi and Ryoko had gone up to Tenchi's room to start planning for the 
upcoming party. 
 
"How many people were you planning on inviting?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"Well, my house isn't that big, but it isn't that small either. I was 
probably gonna invite about ten to fifteen people," he said. 
 
"Well then, why don't we make a list of the people you wanna invite and 
then we'll call them tonight," she said. 
 
"That doesn't sound like a bad idea," he said. 
 
"Alrighty then. You say the names while I write them down," she said. 
 
"Ok. The first person to add to my list is Sakuya," he said. 
 
"Sakuya? You mean that hyperactive chic?" she asked a little jealously. 
 
"What? You don't like her?" he asked. 
 
"No, I'm fine with her," she lied. 
 
"Alright, I have twelve more people to go. Let's see. The next person 
is Hishuro," he said. 
 
"He's cool," she said. 
 
"The next person on the list is Anaka," he said. 
 
"Anaka? Isn't she that girl with the really long red hair and blue 
eyes?" she asked. 
 
"Yeah that's her. Why? Do you know her?" he asked. 
 
"Yeah, she was helping me out with some contemporary literature 
questions," she said. 
 
"She's a really nice girl. Maybe you could become friends with her," he 
said, while smiling at her. 
 
"Sure, why not?" she replied, while smiling back at him. 
 
This went on for another thirty minutes. Once he was finally done, it 
was 8pm. 
 
"Do you wanna call these people now?" she asked. 
 
"Yeah, we might as well get it over with," he sighed. 
 
He called all twelve people he listed and out of those twelve only six 
were able to come along with Sakuya, Hishuro, and Anaka. The other 
three were Shinto, Kinya, and Samasito. A total of eight people would 
be at the party. He then calculated in his head how much money he would 
have to spend for snacks for the party. He was about to ask Ryoko what 
kind of snacks would be good for this kind of party until she tackled 
him onto the bed. 
 
"What are you doing Ryoko?" he cried out. 
 
"Oh Tenchi, I was getting bored and I thought that we could use a break 
," she purred, while smiling down at him. 
 
"What did you have in mind?" he stammered, while sweating profusely at 
the same time. 
 
Instead of answering, she reached for the lamp and turned it off. 
Tenchi gulped as Ryoko lay down beside him. He looked at her for a 
moment. She was wearing skintight blue jeans along with a cropped red 
sweater. He noticed that she was reaching to embrace him. Once she got 
a hold of him, she put her head on his chest and sighed. He looked down 
at her and slowly returned her embrace. She looked up at him, leaned 
forward and kissed him. He kissed back and they picked up right where 
they left off in the living room. His hands roamed her body and she did 
likewise to his. His hands found his way up her shirt around her back. 
She felt her body tingle as Tenchi slowly removed her shirt. She was 
wearing a bra underneath so there was nothing for him to get a 
nosebleed about just yet. Ryoko unbuttoned Tenchi's white, school 
uniform shirt and removed it from him. Once she did that, her hands 
went back to work along with his, while they were kissing each other 
rather intensely. Soon enough, Ryoko's bra fell to the floor and her 
pants were unbuttoned along with his. They continued making out until 
they fell asleep in each other's arms. 
 
The next morning, Nobuyuki opened his son's door to tell him that he 
would be back home from work a little earlier, when he was greeted by a 
sight that made him very happy. On Tenchi's bed were Ryoko and Tenchi 
underneath the covers and obviously topless. Tenchi was the first to 
wake up as he found a sleeping Ryoko by his side.  
 
'She looks so beautiful and peaceful like that,' he thought with a 
smile. 
 
Tenchi then looked up to notice his dad standing in the middle of his 
room grinning. Tenchi groaned and fell back on the bed.  
 
"What do you want, dad?" he asked, not getting up. 
 
"Well, I just wanted to tell you that I'll be home from work a bit 
earlier today ok?" said Nobuyuki. 
 
"Alright dad. Was that all?" he asked. 
 
"Yes, that's all," said Nobuyuki, the grin never leaving his face as he 
walked out of the room. 
 
After a few minutes of being spaced out while looking at the ceiling, 
Tenchi looked at his side to wake up Ryoko, but she wasn't there. Once 
Tenchi looked up, he noticed Ryoko standing in the middle of his room, 
still in the same condition she was the night before. This caused 
Tenchi to get a nosebleed because it was unexpected. She then sauntered 
up to him rather seductively. Once she got to where he was, she lied on 
top of him over the covers. 
 
"Good morning, Tenchi," she cooed. 
 
"Good morning, Ryoko," he said as his face reddened even more than 
before. 
 
She then made her way under the covers, but she was still on top of 
him. 
 
"I had fun last night," she told him. 
 
"You did?" he asked, nervously. 
 
"Yeah. I mean, I've never done anything like that before and it was 
amazing," she said. 
 
"Really?" he asked, a little shocked. 
 
"Uh huh. What about you? How far have you gotten before?" she asked. 
 
"Uh, actually, my first real kiss was with you and so were the other 
experiences as well," he said. 
 
"Ah, really?" she asked, smiling sweetly. 
 
"Really," he said as he held onto her. 
 
He then remembered that she was half-naked, so he told her that he 
needed to get up so he could take a shower. He got out of her hold and 
got out of bed. She put her shirt and bra back on, zipped up her pants 
and gave him a quick kiss before leaving the room. He looked at her as 
she left and he could have sworn that she was floating off of the 
ground just a little bit. He then shook it off and thought it was just 
his imagination.  
 
Tenchi walked out of his room and walked towards the bathroom when he 
heard the door of the guestroom open. He turned and saw Ayeka walking 
out of the room yawning and looking quite sleepy. 
 
"Oh! Good morning, Ayeka, did you sleep well?" he asked. 
 
"Very well, thank you," she said, while yawning at the same time. 
 
"Well then, I'm going to take a shower," he said. 
 
"Alright, I'll be downstairs," she replied as she made her way 
downstairs to the living room. 
 
Tenchi then walked into the bathroom to take his shower. Once he was in 
the bathroom, he shed his clothes and walked into the shower. The 
moment he turned around he noticed a naked and wet Ryoko standing in 
front of him. He noticed that they were both naked, alone, and in the 
shower. His nose started to bleed and he turned very red. 
 
"Tenchi, I was thinking that I might join you, while you take a 
shower," she purred. 
 
Tenchi looked at the ground and had his back turned, while he spoke, 
"Maybe I should wait for you to finish your finish your shower before I 
take mine." 
 
Tenchi was about ready to get out when he felt an arm on his shoulder. 
Tenchi looked behind him to find Ryoko there. "Are you sure that you 
don't wanna join me?" 
 
"Positive. Besides, it wouldn't be right, I mean, I just met you and 
all," he said. 
 
"Hmm.I guess you're right," she replied with a smile. 
 
"Thank you," he replied, returning her smile. 
 
Tenchi got out of the shower and waited in the bathroom, with a towel 
on for Ryoko to finish her shower. She was only in there for five more 
minutes and once she got out, Tenchi turned his head away from her. 
Ryoko looked at Tenchi and grinned. She knew that he was very 
embarrassed to be in the same room with a naked woman, so she grabbed a 
towel and wrapped it around her. 
 
Ryoko then walked up to Tenchi and tapped him on his shoulder. "Hey 
Tenchi? You can turn around now." 
 
Tenchi turned around to find Ryoko clad in a towel, which fortunately 
for him covered her whole body. He stepped up to Ryoko, kissed her 
swiftly on the lips and then jumped into the shower with his towel 
still on. Once he was in the shower, Ryoko could see his little towel 
fly out of the closed curtain. She giggled at his modesty. 
 
At that moment, Ryoko had decided to get dressed, so she went into the 
guestroom where her clothes were. She changed into a white, form 
fitting shirt and a short, jean skirt. She walked downstairs to find 
Ayeka sitting on the couch in the living room, reading a book. 
 
"Hey, Ayeka," greeted Ryoko as she came into the living room. 
 
Ayeka put her book down and looked up at her friend. "Oh, hello, 
Ryoko." 
 
"Whatcha readin'?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"Umm." she picked up the book and looked at the title. "It's called 
"Persuasion". 
 
Ryoko shrugged. "Never heard of it." 
 
Ayeka smirked at her. "I didn't think you would have. You were never 
very cultured when it came to literature." 
 
"Ah! Put a sock in it!" laughed Ryoko. 
 
"Is Tenchi still in the shower?" Ayeka queried. 
 
"Yep," said Ryoko. 
 
"Oh," said Ayeka. 
 
"Why? Did you need to use it?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"Yes, but since he's in there I'll wait until he's out," said Ayeka. 
 
"Well, I'll just sit here and keep you company until he comes out," 
said Ryoko. 
 
"That's fine," Ayeka said smiling. 
 
Ryoko sat down on the couch next to Ayeka to keep her company, while 
Tenchi showered. 
 
At that moment, Tenchi was just getting out of the shower. "Man, don't 
I feel better!" 
 
He went into his room to change. He threw on a pair of baggy, blue 
jeans and a white T-shirt. He went downstairs to find Ryoko and Ayeka 
sitting on the couch and talking. 
 
Ayeka and Ryoko looked towards the stairs and saw Tenchi come down them 
and walk into the living room to where they were. 
 
"Well, I'm going to go and take a shower now," said Ayeka as she made 
her way upstairs to the bathroom. 
 
Ryoko gave Tenchi a questionable look. "Hey, Tenchi? Don't you think 
that we should buy the stuff that we're gonna need for the party now? I 
mean, it's not like we have a lot of time left." 
 
"You're right, Ryoko! I didn't even realize what time it was!" 
exclaimed Tenchi. "Before we go though, we need to think of what to 
buy." 
 
"You're right. So, what kinds of snacks are we gonna feed the guests?" 
asked Ryoko. 
 
"I was gonna ask you that same question," he said. 
 
"Well, why don't we try some American snacks?" suggested Ryoko. 
 
"Why not, I've never really had American snacks before," he said. 
 
"They're fattening, but they taste good," she said. 
 
"Well, since we're only having eight people total for the party 
tonight, we shouldn't get too many snacks," she said. 
 
"That's true," she agreed. 
 
"Well, let's go then," he said. 
 
"Okay," she said. 
 
"Before we go, I want to leave Ayeka a note telling her that we're not 
going to be here for about an hour," he said. 
 
"Ok then, I'll wait outside," she said. 
 
Tenchi grabbed a piece of paper and a pen and wrote down everything to 
Ayeka about their departure. He then took a piece of scotch tape and 
stuck the note on the inside of the door. He then found Ryoko waiting 
quietly on the steps of the porch for him. He put his hand on her 
shoulder and she turned around and saw him and she smiled. She then got 
up and took his hand as they made their way to the store. 
 
Once Ayeka was out of the shower, she sensed that she was alone. She 
got dressed in a pink and purple kimono and headed downstairs to notice 
a note on the door. She read it and was relieved. She sat down on the 
couch in the living room and read the book the she was reading before. 
She looked at the clock and it read 11am. It would be a good while 
before the party started so she just relaxed on the couch with her 
book. 
 
Once they had reached the store, Tenchi and Ryoko entered it. Ryoko 
went directly towards the snack section to look for the perfect low fat 
American snacks. Tenchi went to look for some decorations. He wanted 
his decorations to say high school not middle school. He then stumbled 
upon a black light and some black light stickers. He looked at the 
black light's price. It was a lot less than what he thought it would 
be. He grabbed it and about ten bags of the stickers and put them in 
his shopping cart. He turned around to see Ryoko and her shopping cart, 
which contained three bags of chips, two bags of cookies, and four 
serving bowls.  
 
"Well, I got the snack supplies as you can see," she said. 
 
"I got the decorations just now," he said. He looked in her cart a 
little closer. "Ryoko, we already have serving bowls in my house. Could 
you put those back?" Ryoko nodded and ran back to the aisle where she 
got the bowls and put them back. She then went back over to Tenchi.  
 
"Let me see them," she said, pointing to the decorations in Tenchi's 
shopping cart. 
 
She looked in his cart and found the black light and the stickers. She 
looked back up at him and smiled. 
 
"Well, I do like what you got there," she said. 
 
"The light cost less than I thought it would," he said. 
 
"Well, I think that it would be pretty cool to use that kind of stuff 
for decorations," she said. 
 
"Well, that's good to know. At least I won't feel like a complete dweeb 
tonight," he said with a short laugh. 
 
"You were never a dweeb in my eyes Tenchi and you never will be," she 
said, giving him a warm smile. 
 
Tenchi smiled back at his girlfriend and he knew right then why he had 
liked her so quickly. There was a certain chemistry between them that 
made them perfect for one another. Tenchi took Ryoko's hand and they 
walked to the cash register to pay for the items that they were buying 
for the party. Once everything was paid for, they left the store and 
started to walk home. Tenchi noticed that Ryoko was floating a little 
above the ground again, so this time Tenchi decided to ask her about 
it. 
 
"Hey, Ryoko? Why does it look like you're floating?" he asked. 
 
Ryoko looked down and noticed the gap of air between her feet and the 
ground. She clasped her mouth at her idiocy and hung her head and 
descended to the ground. She the lifted her head up and looked at 
Tenchi and she decided to tell Tenchi everything about herself. 
 
"Tenchi, there's something you've gotta know about me," she said, 
nervously. 
 
"What is it, Ryoko?" he asked, rather concerned.  
 
Ryoko sat down on the ground and Tenchi followed suit. He looked at her 
and he could see tears forming in her golden eyes. He put his arm 
around her to assure her that he was there to get her through whatever 
she had to say to him. 
 
"Tenchi, I have supernatural powers, which I was born with and 
inherited from my mother," she started slowly. 
 
"My grandfather really wasn't kidding when he felt great powers 
emanating from you," he said, quietly. 
 
"How did I know that he would be able to figure me out as soon as I got 
there?" she said, sarcastically. 
 
"What kind of things can you do?" he asked. 
 
"I can fly, I can phase in and out of matter, I'm pretty strong, I can 
teleport, I can use hair needles, I can form energy projectiles along 
with an energy sword, and I can also make a double of myself, plus I 
have a telepathic link with my mother and with Ryo-Ohki who is my pet 
cabbit and spaceship," she said. 
 
Tenchi just stared at her with his mouth hanging open with awe. 
 
"Ayeka also has special powers," she said. 
 
"Yeah, grandpa did mention that he felt it coming from both of you," he 
said. 
 
"Her powers are much different from mine. I can't really describe what 
they are, but I do know that the source of her powers come from a 
planet called Jurai. Also, notice that her last name is the same as the 
name of the planet. Nice coincidence, huh?" she asked. 
 
"Why didn't you tell me about this before?" he asked. 
 
"I thought that you would push me away if I did. I thought that you 
would think that I was a freak," she said with tears brewing in her 
eyes. 
 
"I would never think that of you. You should know that by now," he said 
as he reached out to wipe away her tears. 
 
"I know that now, but I didn't yesterday, that's why I kept it from 
you. Ayeka will also tell you about her powers, when she's ready," she 
said. 
 
"I can't believe it. I have two girls with enormous powers staying at 
my house this weekend," he whistled. 
 
"Well, believe it," she said, giving him a half grin. 
 
"I don't think you should use any of your powers at the party," said 
Tenchi with precaution. 
 
"Well, duh! I'm not that stupid. Yeesh! I have never used my powers in 
public before. Just what makes you think that I'll use them at the 
party?" she asked curiously, while sporting a big grin. 
 
Tenchi looked down and shook his head, but he was smiling at the same 
time. "I don't know. A jealous rage, maybe?" 
 
Ryoko gave him a sheepish grin, while scratching the back of her neck. 
"Yeah, well, I'll try to control myself, but if any other girl tries to 
get their filthy paws on you, I will attack!" 
 
"Could you at least try to control yourself?" Tenchi pleaded. 
 
Ryoko bit her lip. "Okay, Tenchi. I'll try, for your sake." 
 
Tenchi let out a sigh of relief. "Thank you, Ryoko." 
 
"No problem, my Tenchi!" Ryoko grinned. 
 
Tenchi looked at his watch. "We should head back now that way we can 
set up for the party quickly. I'm pretty sure that Ayeka is getting 
bored being by herself by now." 
 
Ryoko nodded in agreement and they made their way back to his house. 
 
Ayeka was still reading her book when she heard the door open and she 
noticed Tenchi and Ryoko moving into the living room, holding bags with 
the contents for the party. Ayeka lifted herself off of the couch and 
walked towards them. 
 
"Well then, I see that you two are back now," she observed. 
 
"Yeah. We found just the right stuff for the party," said Ryoko. 
 
"Ok then, let's start setting up," said Tenchi. Tenchi began to hand 
out the items to Ayeka and Ryoko for setting up. "Ryoko, you take the 
black light and put it on that shelf over there. Ayeka, you take all 
the black light stickers and spread them out all over the living room 
walls." 
 
Ryoko looked over at him from the shelf. "What are you going to do? 
 
"I'm going to go get a few bowls and a couple of plates out of the 
kitchen for the snacks," he answered. Ryoko just smiled at him and went 
back to work, trying to adjust the black light on the shelf.  
 
It took the three of them no more than one hour to set up and by the 
time that they were done, it was 1:30pm. At that moment, Tenchi led 
Ryoko back to his room, while Ayeka sat back down on the couch with her 
book and continued to read. 
 
Tenchi and Ryoko were making out in Tenchi's room until 5pm. When they 
both noticed the time, Ryoko gave her boyfriend a quick kiss, picked up 
her shirt and bra off of the floor and ran to the guestroom to change 
into her party clothes. At that moment, Tenchi got off of the bed 
himself and got changed. 
 
Ryoko walked into the guestroom to find Ayeka already there. Ayeka 
looked at her with a slight smile. 
 
"Don't you two ever get enough of each other?" she asked. 
 
Ryoko looked confused. "What do you mean?" 
 
"I mean, you two spend so much time together. I was starting to wonder 
where I fit in, if I fit into your life anymore," said Ayeka with a few 
tears in her eyes. 
 
Ryoko looked at her hurt friend and walked up to her. "I'm so sorry, 
Ayeka. I guess I'm just not used to having a boy pay attention to me as 
much as Tenchi does. I promise that I'll make it up to you at the 
party, ok?" 
 
Ayeka managed a weak smile. "Alright." 
 
While the girls were getting ready in the guestroom, Tenchi was getting 
ready in his own room. At that very moment though, he was looking for 
something in particular that he wanted to give Ryoko before she left 
for home that weekend. As soon as he found it, he grabbed an envelope 
with a letter enclosed in it, which he wrote for her, opened it and put 
the object in it. He then looked at himself in the mirror and decided 
that he was dressed well enough for the party. He looked at his clock 
and saw that it was already 6:45pm.  
 
'The guests will be arriving soon. I might as well go down there now 
and wait,' he thought. Before he went downstairs, he went to the 
guestroom and knocked on the door. 
 
"Yes," said the voice that sounded like Ryoko's. 
 
"The party is in fifteen minutes. I just wanted to let you know," said 
Tenchi. 
 
"Ok, thanks," Ryoko replied. At that, Tenchi made his way downstairs to 
the living room to wait. 
 
Once the girls were finished getting ready, they walked out of the 
guestroom, dressed to kill. Ryoko had on a short and tight, long 
sleeved, black dress, while Ayeka wore a pair of form fitting bell 
bottoms along with a long sleeved, tight, horizontal striped shirt. 
They both walked downstairs to the living room and when they saw Tenchi 
gawking at their appearances, they both grinned fiercely.  
 
It was 7pm at that moment and the guests were arriving. The first to 
get there was Sakuya. She walked up to Tenchi, hugged him tightly and 
pecked him on the cheek. 
 
Tenchi fortunately broke free of Sakuya's grasp. "Sakuya, listen, I'm 
seeing someone. I can't let you do that, nor can I do that with you." 
 
Sakuya just shrugged and continued his advances toward him. "I don't 
care." 
 
Ryoko had seen Sakuya out of the corner of her right eye. She walked up 
to Sakuya and tapped her on the shoulder. Sakuya turned around to see 
Ryoko standing there. 
 
"May I help you?" asked an annoyed Sakuya. 
 
Ryoko gave her a tight smile. "Actually, yeah. I would like you to take 
your filthy hands off of my boyfriend!" 
 
Sakuya looked at Tenchi strangely. "That's your girlfriend, Tenchi? You 
could do so much better. You could be with me!" 
 
Ryoko was pissed off beyond belief. She could feel her power crackling 
like lightning in her hands. Tenchi pushed Sakuya off of him and ran to 
Ryoko to calm her down. 
 
"Don't do it, Ryoko! You promised me that you wouldn't do it!" Tenchi 
scolded. 
 
Ryoko took a deep breath and stopped her power from becoming full 
blast. She then looked at Tenchi and asked, "Is that better?" 
 
Tenchi took a hold of Ryoko's hands and held them in his own. "Much." 
 
Sakuya looked at Tenchi and Ryoko with jealousy and anger. She walked 
up to Tenchi and looked him square in the face. "Listen to me right 
now, Tenchi. If you want this trailer trash for a girlfriend, go right 
ahead and take her, but don't even think that you'll be welcome around 
me or my friends again!" 
 
Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other with cheesy grins and shrugged. 
"So?" 
 
Sakuya then gave Ryoko an evil glare. "You'll pay for this!" 
 
Ryoko gave her a smug look. "I'm so scared. Go back home and play with 
your little dollies. These kind of parties are for big kids, not little 
babies who whine and scream all the time just because they want 
something that they can't have!" 
 
Sakuya then stuck her nose up in the air and said, "Hmph!" She then 
turned away from them and stalked out of Tenchi's house, never to 
return. 
 
Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other once more and then they burst out 
laughing. 
 
"Oh my God! I have never noticed what a stuck up bitch she could be!" 
Tenchi cried out hysterically. 
 
"Yeah, I know! Who does she think she is? The Queen of Sheba?" asked 
Ryoko, in between laughs. 
 
"You are definitely so much better than she is," said Tenchi, after he 
had calmed down a bit. 
 
Ryoko smiled sweetly at him. "Ah! You really think so?" 
 
Tenchi nodded. "I know so." 
 
Just as they were leaning in for a kiss, they heard a knock at the 
door. Tenchi opened the door to find Hishuro and Anaka standing there 
with linked arms. 
 
Tenchi grinned at them. "How long?" 
 
"About a week," answered Hishuro. 
 
"Why didn't you say anything?" Tenchi asked. 
 
"We didn't want everyone to make such a big deal out it, so we kept 
quiet about out relationship for a while," replied Anaka. 
 
"Umm.Anaka, do you know a girl by then name of Ryoko Hakubi?" asked 
Tenchi. 
 
Anaka smiled at him. "Yeah, I know her. Why, is she here?" 
 
Tenchi nodded. "Yep, and guess what else." 
 
Anaka and Hishuro looked at him curiously. "What?" they asked in 
unison. 
 
Tenchi's lips broke out into a grin. "I'm dating her." 
 
"No way!" exclaimed Anaka. 
 
"Way," replied Tenchi with a very big smile. 
 
"Whoa! Tenchi's got himself a chic! Way to go!" said Hishuro, while 
walloping Tenchi on the back.  
 
Tenchi grinned at his friend. He then heard another knock at the door 
and when he opened it, it was none other than his dad, Nobuyuki. 
 
"Hey, dad. You did come home early," Tenchi commented. 
 
"I can see that your guests are coming now. Just do me one favor," he 
said. 
 
"What is it?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Please have your guests keep the noise level down, ok? I need to do 
some work in my study and I do not wish to be disturbed," he said. 
 
"Sure dad, that's fine with me," he returned. 
 
Nobuyuki looked at Tenchi and nodded gratefully. He then trudged 
upstairs muttering something about the long commute from work to home. 
At that moment, Tenchi heard another knock at the door and when he 
opened it he saw Shinto, Samasito, and Kinya all standing there. 
 
"Hey, guys!" said Tenchi. 
 
"Hey, Tenchi," said Shinto. 
 
"Hello, Tenchi," said Kinya. 
 
"Hi, Tenchi," said Samasito. 
 
"Well, everyone's in the living room. Why don't you guys go in there 
and make yourselves comfortable," offered Tenchi. 
 
The three looked at each other and then followed Tenchi into the living 
room. Tenchi walked into the living room and introduced them. 
 
"Hey, guys! These are Kinya, Samasito, and Shinto," said Tenchi. 
 
Everyone in the living room waved at them. At that point, everyone 
began to interact. 
 
"Hey, Ayeka," said Ryoko. 
 
Ayeka turned around from her conversation with Shinto. "Hmm?" 
 
"It looks like you've found yourself a man!" Ryoko grinned. 
 
Ayeka blushed. "Whatever do you mean?" 
 
"Oh, don't play innocent! I saw how much you've been flirting with this 
guy," said Ryoko with an even wider grin than before. 
 
Ayeka blushed even harder, but didn't say anything. Ryoko saw this and 
started laughing. She then walked over to where Tenchi was and put her 
arms around his neck. 
 
"Hey there," she said, smiling. 
 
"Hi," said Tenchi, who was also smiling. 
 
"Whatcha been up to?" she asked, while playing with the collar of his 
shirt. 
 
"Well, I've been talking to a few friends, eating food, and thinking 
about just how stunning you look in that dress," Tenchi whispered into 
her ear. 
 
"Tenchi!" giggled Ryoko, while blushing madly. 
 
Tenchi gave her an innocent look. "What?" 
 
Ryoko playfully hit him on his left arm. He grinned at her, grabbed her 
by her waist and laid a long and passionate kiss on her lips. Ryoko was 
deeply surprised at first, but then melted into his embrace. 

When they pulled away, one word escaped Ryoko's lips, "Wow!" 
 
"You liked that, I suppose?" asked Tenchi, grinning. 
 
"Uh huh," said Ryoko, who was a bit dazed. 
 
"Hey, Ryoko? Isn't that Ayeka flirting with Shinto over there?" asked 
Tenchi. 
 
Ryoko looked to where he was pointing. She then looked back at him, 
grinned and nodded. "Yep!" 
 
"Good for her," he said with smile. "At least she's found someone." 
 
"Yeah," Ryoko said with a warm and happy smile. "Hey, Tenchi? What time 
is it?" 
 
Tenchi looked at his watch and whistled. "It's already 10pm! The time 
surely did fly!" 
 
Tenchi and Ryoko walked into the living room. Then Tenchi said, "Hey, 
you guys? It's 10pm and it's time to end this party." 
 
Everybody, with the exception of Ayeka and Ryoko, moved to get their 
things and say their good-byes. 
 
Hishuro and Anaka walked up to Tenchi with happy smiles on their faces. 
"We had a great time, Tenchi," said Hishuro. 
 
"Well, I'm glad that you two enjoyed yourselves," said Tenchi. "Have a 
nice night." 
 
Hishuro nodded and led Anaka out of the front door. The next to leave 
was Kinya. 
 
"Take care Kinya. I'll see you at class on Monday," said Tenchi. 
 
"Yep, I'll see you then. Goodnight!" said Kinya as she left for home. 
 
Samasito walked up to Tenchi and shook his hand. "Great party! Can't 
wait for the next one! I'll be seeing ya, man." Samasito then left for 
his own home. 
 
Shinto walked up to Tenchi. "I had a really wonderful time Tenchi. That 
Ayeka chic is a really great conversationalist." 
 
"Did you ask her out?" he asked. 
 
Shinto shook his head. "Not yet, but I will, if she's available that 
is." 
 
"As far as I know, she's not seeing anyone," said Tenchi. 
 
"Cool! Maybe I'll go for it then," said Shinto. 
 
"Alright, see ya," said Tenchi. 
 
"Bye," said Shinto as he left. 
 
Once the final guest left, Tenchi went to go and join the girls in the 
living room. 
 
"That was one hell of a party Tenchi, Ill tell ya," said Ryoko. 
 
"It was very enjoyable," Ayeka agreed. 
 
"Well, I'm gonna go to my room now. What are two going to be doing?" he 
asked. 
 
"Well, I'm going to bed now," said Ayeka. 
 
"I need to talk to you, Tenchi, ok?" asked Ryoko.  
 
"Alright. Well, goodnight, Ayeka," said Tenchi. 
 
"Goodnight, Tenchi," said Ayeka as she went to the guestroom. 
 
Tenchi then sat down next to Ryoko on the couch. "So, Ryoko, what did 
you need to talk to me about?"  
 
Ryoko bit her lip. "Well, I was wondering if I could sleep with you 
tonight." 
 
Tenchi flinched. "Well.err.umm." 
 
Ryoko's eyes widened at what he thought that she was insinuating. "Oh 
no! Nothing like that! I meant just to sleep." 
 
Tenchi looked extremely hesitant. "Well, I don't know, I mean, I don't 
think that it would be right." 
 
"Please, Tenchi? I won't do anything, I promise," she pleaded, making 
really big puppy dog eyes at the same time. 
 
Tenchi sighed. "Alright, but just sleep, ok?" 
 
Ryoko beamed. "Thank you, Tenchi!" 
 
"Well, I'm gonna go to bed now. You coming or are you gonna be down 
here for a little while longer?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"I'll go up now since you are," said Ryoko as she followed him upstairs 
to his room. 
 
Once they got into his room, Ryoko phased into an oversized T-shirt. 
Tenchi gave her a shocked look. 
 
"What?" Ryoko asked. 
 
"Oh, nothing. I'm just not used to seeing a person do that," said 
Tenchi. 
 
"You've gotta remember Tenchi, Ayeka and I are not like any normal 
people," Ryoko said pointedly. 
 
Tenchi then slapped his forehead. "Oh, jeez! I almost forgot!" 
 
"Forgot what?" asked Ryoko as she watched Tenchi from where she was 
sitting on the bed, rummage through the items on the top of his 
dresser. 
 
"Ah! Here it is!" said Tenchi as he held the envelope from earlier in 
his hands. He then walked up to Ryoko and sat down on the bed next to 
her. "I have something I need to give you, Ryoko." 
 
Ryoko flashed him a nervous look. "What is it, Tenchi?" 
 
"Well, open up the envelope and find out," Tenchi grinned. 
 
Ryoko gave Tenchi a curious look and then opened up the envelope. After 
she opened it, she emptied out the contents from it onto the bed. Her 
eyes began to water after she saw what was in there. She picked up the 
letter and began to read it, but Tenchi stopped her.  
 
"No, Ryoko. I want you to read that when you get home, ok?" asked 
Tenchi. 
 
"Ok," said Ryoko, who still had tears in her eyes. 
 
Tenchi then picked up the object that had been in the envelope off of 
the bed. He put it into the palm of his right hand and then looked 
straight into Ryoko's eyes. 
 
"Ryoko, I like you very much, more than any other girl I've liked in 
the past. Now, I'm not proposing, even though it may seem like it from 
the ring in my hand. All I want to know is if you'll go steady with me. 
Will you, Ryoko?" he asked, still looking straight into her golden 
eyes. 
 
Ryoko then let the tears fall out her eyes. "Yes, Tenchi." 
 
Tenchi then slipped the ring onto her left ring finger and hugged her 
tightly. Ryoko returned the hug and held him just as tightly. They 
pulled away from each other after about five minutes. 
 
"You tired, Ryoko?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"A little bit," she replied. 
 
"You wanna go to bed now?" he asked. 
 
"Sure," she answered. 
 
Ryoko and Tenchi then crawled into bed next to each other. Both of them 
were still wide-awake though. Tenchi furrowed his brow and then gave 
Ryoko a questioning look.  
 
"Hey, Ryoko?" said Tenchi as he turned to face her. 
 
"Yeah, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked as she turned to face him as well. 
 
"I have sword practice with grandpa tomorrow. Would like to come and 
watch?" he asked. 
 
"Umm.would I be allowed to participate?" she asked, mischievously. 
 
"I don't see why not," he said. 
 
"If that's the case, I accept!" she said, happily. 
 
"That's great! For fighting we use bokkens, just to let you know," he 
said. 
 
Ryoko looked had a wistful look on her face, which then turned to 
sadness. Tenchi looked at her expression in a confused manner. 
 
"Is something wrong, Ryoko?" he asked, concerned. 
 
"Sword practice, huh? You are so fortunate not to know what it's like 
to be in a real battle," she said, quietly. 
 
"What?" he asked. 
 
"Tenchi, I've been in real battles. I've also participated in wars," 
she said grimly. 
 
"You've actually fought for real?! When?" he asked, incredulously. 
 
"A long time ago, Tenchi. I really don't like talking about my past 
with many people," she said sadly. 
 
"Could you try?" he pressed, gently. 
 
"I know that I can confide in you, so I'll tell you, but as I said, I 
have selective amnesia. The only war I could tell you about is more 
recent than any of the other ones I've been in. This one took place 
before I came to Earth with my family and Ayeka's family," she said. 
 
"Ayeka? What did she have to do with it?" he asked, now very confused. 
 
"Last year, I regained parts of my memory, thus finding out about a lot 
of things in my past that had been erased from my memory. The cause of 
my memory was loss was my father, Kagato. My mother, whose name is 
Washu, was one of the original goddesses who created the universe along 
with her two other sisters and she is the oldest of the three. She gave 
up that life and became a mortal and she also erased her memory from 
that time as well. She was the one who helped me regain parts of my 
past memories, which Kagato had erased. According to her, I was a 
murderer and a thief. I didn't want to believe it, but I knew that she 
wouldn't lie to me. Anyway, she told me that it wasn't my fault though. 
She also told me that even though I have regained a massive amount of 
my past memories, I still had a kind of security lock on anything 
before those. That's why I couldn't remember what I did back then, but 
what relieved me was when she told me that those horrible things that I 
did weren't even done by my own hands," she said. 
 
"Who did do these things if it wasn't you?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Kagato did them," she replied. "He used me as a puppet in his own 
little game to gain power." 
 
"That's terrible!" exclaimed Tenchi. 
 
"I know it is, but what could I have done? Kagato was much stronger 
than me," she said. 
 
"That's true, but I still don't understand what this has to do with the 
war that you were gonna tell me about," said Tenchi. 
 
"Well, it would be kinda hard to tell you about it if I didn't give you 
any background history of myself, now would it?" she asked skeptically. 
 
"Yeah, I guess you're right," Tenchi said sheepishly. 
 
"Okay then, now where was I? Oh, that's right. I wasn't even born, my 
mother created me from her egg cells and a creature called Mass. Well, 
anyway, what happened one night was that Kagato wanted me to attack 
Jurai for him. I asked him why and he told me that he wanted to gain 
Jurai's most powerful weapon, Tsunami. I told him that I wouldn't do 
it, so he took control of my mind and body and when we got there, he 
made me attack," she paused, wiping away the forming tears in her eyes.  
 
"Ayeka's father, the Emperor Asuza, found me and jabbed that his 
sword's hilt, which is called the Master Key, into my chest which 
caused me to suffer a great deal because I can't touch that thing 
without being electrocuted. Ayeka could tell that what I was doing to 
the planet was not my fault, so once I was down, she convinced her 
father to take my mother and I in. My mom hated what had happened to 
me, so she released me from Kagato's hold. Once Kagato found out about 
what my mother had done, he went into a rage and set out to find me. 
Once he did find me, he beat me senseless on the head, which in turn 
caused my amnesia. Since I was knocked senseless, I was unconscious and 
my locked memory only held everything up to the point when I was hit. 
My mother had to tell me what had happened next. She told me that the 
emperor along with his wife Misaki and his two children had decided to 
move to earth. My mother made the same move as well. I've been alive 
for over two thousand years and I don't even know how old my mother is. 
I know that Ayeka is seven hundred and twenty three years old. Her 
sister is seven hundred and eight years old. I've been living on this 
planet for a long time now and I just recently started going to school. 
I guess one could call my life one hell of perilous journey, but I just 
call it a living hell," she said, while shaking her head. 
 
Tenchi just looked back at her in shock. He couldn't believe all of the 
revelations that were being brought to him by his girlfriend. Then his 
eyes widened in shock. 
 
"Wait a minute! Did you say that Ayeka's father used a sword called the 
Master Key to hurt you?" he asked. 
 
"Well, yeah. Why do you ask?" she asked back. 
 
"Well, because my grandfather carries around in his belt the hilt of a 
sword and he calls it the Master Key. I've never seen him use it 
though," he said. 
 
"What does it look like, Tenchi?" she asked, now very confused. 
 
"It's brown and wooden. It also looks like the wood had been woven into 
a braid like shape. The bottom of the hilt holds three red gems in the 
shape of a triangle. Does this sound like the sword that attacked you?" 
he asked. 
 
"Yes, Tenchi, it does," she said in shock. 
 
Tenchi remained silent. He couldn't believe it. He didn't know how his 
grandfather had the sword that had attacked Ryoko so long ago, but he 
had to find out somehow. 
 
Then Ryoko broke the silence "So, Tenchi, what do you think of me now? 
Will you still like me as much as you said you did, even though all of 
this has happened in my life?" 
 
Tenchi looked at her in disbelief. He wondered why she would even think 
that let alone ask that. He put his arm around her and kissed her 
gently. 
 
"Don't you ever think that I'm going to stop liking you just because of 
that," he said, while holding onto her tightly.  
 
Ryoko was misty eyed. She wanted to cry badly, but she struggled to 
make herself look strong in front of Tenchi. All in all, she failed 
miserably. 
 
"Oh Tenchi! Promise me that for as long as we are together that you'll 
never leave me! Please!" she said as she started sobbing. 
 
Tenchi put Ryoko's head onto his chest and he started to caress her 
soft cyan hair. He just sat there holding her and soothing her until 
she calmed down and when she stopped he broke off the silence between 
them. 
 
"I promise you for as long as I'm with you, I'll never leave your side. 
I can promise you that much. I'm not gonna lose you for as long as you 
are with me, Ryoko. You are now a very special part of my life and I 
could never let anything or anyone harm you. Never," he said as he 
gazed deeply into her golden colored eyes. 
 
Ryoko gazed back into his soft brown eyes and found peace in them. She 
held him closer to her and she ran her fingers through his spiky black 
hair. Tenchi then placed a hand on one of her soft cheeks and he ran 
his index finger across it very gently. Ryoko inched forward and pulled 
him into a very passionate kiss. They continued kissing throughout the 
night until they eventually fell asleep. 
 
The next morning as Tenchi woke up, he heard a knocking on his door and 
a sleeping Ryoko by his side. He looked at her and planted a soft kiss 
on her forehead. 
 
"Sleep well, my angel," he whispered to her. 
 
He got out of bed and threw on some blue jeans and white T-shirt. He 
went towards the door and opened it only to find Ayeka there clad in a 
pink and white kimono.  
 
"Good morning, Ayeka," he said cheerfully as he walked into the hall, 
shutting the door behind him. 
 
"Good morning, Tenchi," she replied, equally cheerful. 
 
"Ayeka, may I speak to you in private?" he asked. 
 
"What about?" she inquired. 
 
"Well, I know about you and Ryoko," he said, nervously. 
 
"What about Ryoko and I?" she asked, now very confused. 
 
"Well, I know that you two have special powers," he blurted out. 
 
"How did you come to know this?" she asked, now very upset. 
 
"Ryoko told me," he said as he lowered his head and stared at the 
floor. 
 
"She told you?! What could have possessed her?? I need to speak with 
her right now!" she said, angrily. 
 
"Please don't get mad at her. She told me because she wanted to and I 
bet that she didn't want to keep it a secret anymore," he said. 
"Besides, she's sleeping right now, so let's leave her alone. I'm going 
to go eat breakfast now and if you want to join me you're more than 
welcome," he finished as he made his way downstairs to the dining room. 
 
Ayeka just stood there wondering why Ryoko would say anything that 
could jeopardize their lives on Earth. Ayeka then heard the door to 
Tenchi's room open and as she turned her head she saw a very sleepy 
Ryoko wearing nothing but an oversized T-shirt. Ryoko blinked twice as 
she noticed a very pissed off Ayeka standing right in front of her. 
Ryoko gave her friend a confused look. 
 
"What's up?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"You should know!" snapped Ayeka. 
 
"It's looks like someone got up on the wrong side of the bed this 
morning," commented Ryoko. 
 
"Don't change the subject! What in the world do you think you're doing 
telling Tenchi about our pasts?" Ayeka asked angrily. 
 
"I wanted to tell him the truth about myself. I feel like I can trust 
him, besides, if you must know, his grandfather has the damn Master 
Key!" retorted Ryoko. 
 
"You could have told about yourself without getting my side of the 
story involved," Ayeka snapped back. 
 
"That would have been impossible and you know it," Ryoko said 
furiously. 
 
"Then you shouldn't have said a word without my consent," said Ayeka 
with the same contempt. 
 
Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other with hate in their eyes. Ayeka, 
then remembering something Ryoko had said around the middle of their 
spat, stopped glaring at her friend as her eyes widened and her mouth 
hung wide open in shock. Ryoko, now more confused than ever, looked at 
Ayeka wondering why she wasn't glaring at her anymore. 
 
"Ayeka? What's wrong?" Ryoko asked, more concerned than angry. 
 
"Did you say that Tenchi's grandfather has the Master Key?" Ayeka 
asked, quietly. 
 
"Yeah, why?" asked Ryoko, now much more perplexed than before. 
 
"Damn that Yosho," Ayeka muttered under her breath. 
 
"Did you say something, Ayeka?" asked Ryoko. 
 
"Oh, nothing at all, Ryoko," replied Ayeka, attempting to pick up her 
mood. 
 
"You look a little pale, Ayeka. Is something wrong?" inquired Ryoko. 
 
"Oh I'm fine Ryoko," she lied. "I smell breakfast, maybe we should go 
down and eat before our food gets cold," she said hurriedly as she made 
her way down the stairs in a quick fashion. 
 
Ryoko just stood there still confused about what had just traversed 
between her and Ayeka. She was dumbfounded and yet somewhat suspicious 
that her best friend was keeping something from her. She wanted to 
investigate the matter further, but first she was going to eat because 
she was starving. She made her way downstairs and she found Tenchi 
already gone to practice with his grandfather. She picked up the bowl 
of oatmeal that Nobuyuki had made and downed it in one gulp. She bowed 
slightly and thanked him for breakfast and then she ran upstairs and 
threw on a pair of baggy jeans. She ran back downstairs and towards the 
shrine leaving a stunned Nobuyuki and Ayeka at the breakfast table, 
both of them wondering what was going on with Ryoko that morning. 
 
Ryoko found the shrine easily and she walked up towards the training 
grounds that Katsuhito and Tenchi were using. She saw them and held her 
breath as she saw Tenchi as she had never seen him before. That 
seventeen-year-old boy was gone and in his place was a warrior. She was 
breathless from seeing him fight and her feral instincts wanted her to 
pounce on him and make out with him right there and then, but her 
rationality and the fact that his grandfather was there took over her 
senses. 
 
Ryoko was stunned at Tenchi's agility and techniques. When he noticed 
that she was watching him so intently, he grinned. Ryoko blushed 
deeply, but didn't turn her head this time. Tenchi and Katsuhito 
stopped what they were doing and Tenchi slowly walked over to Ryoko. 
Once he finally reached her, he slipped his arms around her and kissed 
her deeply. Ryoko returned the kiss enthusiastically as she wrapped her 
arms around his neck. 
 
Ryoko and Tenchi broke off the kiss simultaneously in order to catch 
their breaths. Tenchi looked Ryoko in the eye and smiled. 
 
"So you came after all," he observed. 
 
"Of course I did. I can't let you have all the fun while I'm all alone, 
now can I?" she asked, very much amused. 
 
Tenchi raised one eyebrow and he kissed her forehead. She giggled 
lightly and threw her mane of cyan hair back out of her face. Tenchi 
clasped both of her hands in his and led her toward the training 
ground. He separated from her and went into his fighting stance. He 
then tossed her a bokken.  
 
Ryoko examined the practice weapon. "Hmm.I haven't seen one of these in 
ages." 
 
"Well, are you gonna just stand there or fight me?" Tenchi asked in a 
kind of cocky tone. 
 
Ryoko grinned at him. "Well, it looks like I have no other choice, but 
to fight you." 
 
Ryoko thrust a full body launch towards Tenchi. Tenchi was very 
impressed at how Ryoko was handling him. She was actually, in his 
opinion, better than his own grandfather was. Katsuhito watched the 
fight with interest, but his mind so often wandered towards the face of 
Ayeka.  
 
He wished he could tell her that he was sorry for being gone so long, 
but he also wanted to thank her for convincing her father to give him 
the Master Key. He missed the long conversations they had on Jurai 
together, her laughter, her smile, and the way her crimson eyes 
sparkled whenever they were hit by the sun. Overall, he missed being 
with her and to see her again brought an enormous amount of pain and 
joy into his system. He decided to remain quiet until he had the 
perfect opportunity to speak with Ayeka alone. Fortunately for her, he 
wasn't as old as he looked. He was in a disguise right now and in 
reality looked much younger. He was able to stay this way due to his 
space ship tree Funaho, which was named after his mother. 
 
Katsuhito then returned his attention on the fight. He watched the 
fight in amusement as Ryoko beat Tenchi every single time. 
 
"Had enough?" asked Ryoko, who was grinning fiercely. 
 
"Not a chance!" replied Tenchi with a grin of his own. 
 
Ryoko parried her bokken up against Tenchi's. Tenchi never realized how 
strong she truly was until then. She had pushed her bokken up against 
Tenchi's so hard that it made Tenchi lose all balance and fall. When 
Tenchi looked up from his fallen position, he saw Ryoko's bokken right 
underneath his chin. Ryoko raised her right eyebrow and gave him a 
feral grin. 
 
"You through being all heroic or do I have to prove my point again?" 
she smirked. 
 
"Fine, fine. You win this time, but next time, I'll get you back!" 
Tenchi proclaimed. 
 
"Whatever you say, Tenchi," said Ryoko, trying really hard not to 
laugh.  
 
Tenchi got off of the ground and looked at his grandfather curiously. 
"Hey, grandpa? Is that all for today?" 
 
"Yes, Tenchi. You may leave now, but I'll be coming with you," said 
Katsuhito. 
 
"Whatever for?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"I have some business to take care of there," he said. 
 
"Oh," replied Tenchi. 
 
Ryoko looked at Katsuhito suspiciously. She knew that he had the sword, 
but she didn't know how he had it. 'Maybe it has to do with it. I don't 
know for sure, but I have a sneaking suspicion that he's going over 
there because of that. I'll just have to wait and see.'  
 
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Katsuhito all walked back to the Masaki residence 
together. Tenchi and Ryoko were holding each other's hands and 
Katsuhito was following close behind them. When they finally reached 
the house, Tenchi noticed that his dad had left. He detached the note 
from the door and it said that his dad went out to buy some groceries. 
Tenchi then opened the door and the three of them entered the house. 
 
The three of them saw Ayeka sitting on the couch in the living and 
knitting a scarf for her little sister, Sasami. She had heard the door 
open and when she looked up she saw Katsuhito, Tenchi, and Ryoko all 
there. Tenchi and Ryoko were holding each other's hands. Ryoko kissed 
Tenchi's cheek and smiled at him. He returned the smile and they both 
held each other's hands as they sat down on the couch. Ryoko looked at 
Ayeka and she was still confused about what happened that morning. 
Ayeka gave Katsuhito a cold, knowing and discerning look. Katsuhito 
only glanced at her once and never opened his mouth. Tenchi and Ryoko 
saw that there was something wrong going on between those two, so they 
both went upstairs and decided to leave them alone. As soon as Tenchi 
and Ryoko were gone, Ayeka looked at Katsuhito and gave him a stone 
cold glare. Katsuhito gulped and prepared for the worse. 
 
"Why?! In the name of Tsunami, why?!" she practically screamed. 
 
"Listen, Ayeka. I had no choice. There was a war going on here on Earth 
and since this is where my mother came from, I chose to participate in 
it. It had nothing to do with you, but I know I had to do what was 
right," he said, choosing his words carefully as possible. 
 
"If it had nothing to do with me, why did you go off and marry someone 
else, huh?" she asked, coldly. 
 
Katsuhito was looking down at the ground. When he looked back up he 
noticed that Ayeka was in tears. He almost started crying as well, but 
resisted. 
 
"Ayeka, you know the Juraian custom just as well as I do. I fell in 
love with another woman and married her. It doesn't mean that I fell 
out of love with you. Besides, I had no intention of becoming the 
Emperor of Jurai and taking away the chance for you to become supreme 
ruler over your planet, when it was the right time," he said. 
 
"So, you still love me? After all this time?" she asked, quietly. 
 
"Yes, Ayeka. There's something that you should know, though. There's 
something that I need to show you," said Katsuhito. 
 
"What is it?" asked Ayeka. 
 
He looked at her lovingly and did something that he hadn't done in a 
long time. He used the Master Key in order to transform him into his 
younger self, which was his true form. Ayeka just sat there shocked and 
opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. She tried again, and 
she managed to whisper one word. 
 
"Yosho?" she whispered. 
 
"Yes, Ayeka, it is me," said Yosho. 
 
"Let me ask you something, Yosho," she said. 
 
"Anything," he replied, reaching for her hand. 
 
"You've already told me that you still love me, but do you still have 
any intention of marrying me?" she asked. 
 
"Yes, Ayeka, I do," he answered. 
 
"You know that I still love you, Yosho," she said, softly. 
 
"I'm glad to hear it because I know that I'll always love you," he 
replied smiling a little bit, now holding her left hand in his right 
one.  
 
"You know that you will have to wait for me, Yosho," she said, 
smirking. 
 
"I know, but I'll wait a millennia if I know that I'm going to be 
spending the rest of my life with you," he said, warmly as he squeezed 
her hand slightly. 
 
Ayeka had tears of joy in her eyes. She stood up and walked over to 
Yosho and embraced him. He returned the embrace and then lifted her 
face up to his gaze. They gazed into each other's eyes deeply and then 
Yosho inched her face towards his and kissed her deeply. Ayeka was a 
little startled at first, but then she started to kiss back. After a 
while, Ayeka broke the kiss and just held onto him. Their faces were 
both radiating with joy.  
 
Upstairs in Tenchi's room, Tenchi and Ryoko were trying to do homework, 
but they kept on getting "distracted". In the end, they were both 
topless kissing each other.  
 
Once it was 4pm, Ayeka and Ryoko had to go home. Ayeka thanked Tenchi 
for having her over and warmly welcomed him into the Jurai Royal 
Family. 
 
"Thank you, Ayeka, but tell me something. How does my grandpa have that 
sword?" asked Tenchi. 
 
"Quite simple really. My father gave it to him," said Ayeka, who was 
suppressing a giggle. "Oh, and by the way, Yosho? Drop the disguise now 
and show them what you truly look like." 
 
He did as Ayeka told him and he looked young again. Tenchi and Ryoko's 
jaws dropped to the ground when they saw this.  
 
"Grandpa?! What happened to you?" asked a stunned Tenchi. 
 
"I guess I should have told you Tenchi, but before I left Jurai, I was 
engaged to Ayeka," said Yosho. 
 
"You were?" asked Tenchi and Ryoko in unison. 
 
"Yes, I was and still am. Tenchi, I am going to marry Ayeka and keep my 
promise to her," said Yosho. 
 
"Tenchi, Katsuhito isn't even your grandfather's real name. His real 
name is Yosho," said Ayeka. 
 
"That much I figured when you called him that before. So, Ayeka, you're 
going to be my grandmother. That oughta prove in itself to be 
interesting," commented Tenchi. 
 
"I can't believe that Ayeka is getting married!" cried Ryoko. 
 
"Ryoko, I want you to be my Maid of Honor," said Ayeka with a warm 
smile. 
 
Ryoko sniffled and went over to hug her friend. "It would be my 
pleasure, Ayeka," said Ryoko in between sniffles. 
 
Ayeka went back over to Yosho and he put his arm around her. Tenchi did 
the same to the tear drenched Ryoko. Tenchi chuckled softly at the 
sight of his sobbing girlfriend. He rubbed her shoulder gently as she 
put her head on his own shoulder. 
 
"Oh, that's right. Guess what, Ayeka?" said Ryoko. 
 
"What?" she inquired. 
 
"Tenchi and I are going steady! Isn't that great?!" exclaimed Ryoko. 
 
"It's wonderful, Ryoko," said Ayeka with happy smile for her friend. 
"Oh and Tenchi?" 
 
"Yes, Ayeka?" he asked. 
 
"Would you be the Best Man at my wedding?" she asked, politely. 
 
"Sure, why not?" he said. 
 
"Good. Well, Ryoko and I had better be going home now. We'll see you in 
class tomorrow, Tenchi," said Ayeka. 
 
"Goodbye, you two," said Tenchi. Tenchi then walked up to Ryoko and 
smiled. "Goodbye, my angel. I'll see you tomorrow." 
 
"Tenchi!" she giggled. She kissed his lips lightly and then walked 
towards Ayeka. 
 
"Hey, Ayeka?" said Ryoko. 
 
"Hmm?" she asked. 
 
"I'm gonna go outside and wait for you, ok?" said Ryoko. 
 
"That's fine. I'll be there soon," said Ayeka. 
 
Ryoko nodded and left the house. Ayeka then turned to Yosho and smiled. 
"Well, Yosho, until this weekend then?" 
 
Yosho smiled at her. "Until this weekend." He then leaned forward and 
kissed her gently. 
 
Ayeka smiled back at him and then waved goodbye to Tenchi. He waved 
back and then she left. 
 
At that moment, Yosho turned back into Katsuhito and went back to the 
shrine. Tenchi felt tired, so he went upstairs to take a nap.  
 
Once Tenchi reached his room, he lay down on his bed and thought about 
what had happened in the past few days. He was very tired though, so 
his thinking ended when he drifted off to sleep with one last thought 
in his mind. 
 
'My life is gonna be bizarre from now on,' he thought as he finally 
fell asleep. 
 
When he woke up the next morning, he started the endless cycle that 
would be his everyday life in the years to come. 
 
 
 
 
 
End 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Author's Closing Comments- Well, there you have it. My very first fan 
fic. I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I did writing it. If you 
have anything to say about it my e-mail address is giadaelisa@home.com. 
Well, see ya later! 
 
 
 
 


