*Disclaimer*
	These are characters of AIC/Pioneer. Please don't sue us.
Other stuff is mentioned from the radio.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Authors Notes: So, you came back for more? This is a good thing…
(for us anyway). Were trying to improve the story. You prob. Hate
authors notes so we'll shut up now and start the story. Thanx to
all our buddies! Thank you for typing Dave Ohki! Not only is he
an excellent typer but an excellent Noboyuki as well.
<Dave Ohki> ::Looks up from hentai mag and takes a bow::

~Read on~
By: Ryoko "Masaki"
      Ryo-Ohki Wonder Cabbit!

NO NEED FOR FAIR FIGHTS!
Episode 28

	The sound of shouting was heard from the Masaki household.
It was a lovely morning, si peaceful. That is if you could block
out Aeka's and Ryoko's bickering.
	`Tenchi walked in with a somber face, ignoring the girls as
usual. He brushed past them and went up the stairs.
	"Tenchi?" the girls asked in confusion and unison.
	"I've had a REALLY bad day," he said with a tinge of anger.
"So just don't start." He added and stunned the females.
	Ryoko looked up to Tenchi. "So it's one of those ass
kicking, bitch slapping, lave me alone, mega PMSing, don't get
near me kinda days huh?"
	"Well…. I wouldn't put it like that but yeah I guess so…"
Tenchi said as he walked the rest of the way up the stairs. He
slid open his door, then walked in his room and slammed the door
shut. When the door shut it fell off the track. "DAMNIT."
	"Tenchi-Sama?" Aeka questioned to herself.
	"Hmmm, well… Ryoko began but never finished.
	"Come on! Lunch is  ready!" Called Noboyuki peeking his head
through the kitchen door.
	"Arigatou Mirei!" Called Sasami as she sat at the table.
	Mihoshi stuck her head through the living room door. "Can we
come to eat?"
	Kiyoni shoved Mihoshi's head down. "This is NOT my fault!"
She yelled at the group.
	The entire group bigsweated. A question mark appeared above
Mihoshi's head.
	Sasami sighed. "At least I made plenty for everyone. Please
pass the rice."
	Tenchi was quiet throughout the meal. Every once in a while
his eye twitched.
	A crumb sailed through the air and hit Aeka in the side of
the head. Oh yes, she knew what, or rather who, the source was. A
vein popped out of the side of her head.
	Ryoko laughed, she was really starting to enjoy the game she
made up. She flicked another bread crumb at Aeka's head.
	"Ryoko-San!" Yelled Aeka, whose temper had reached the
breaking point.
	"Nani, Oujo-Sama?" Asked Ryoko innocently and a bit
mockingly.
	The group heard a *plop* sound come from Tenchi's direction.
They turned to see Tenchi, face first in his Miso Soup.
	Noboyuki looked at his son. "Is something wrong Tenchi?"
	"He just figured that out…" Muttered Yosho as he sipped his
tea.
	Ryoko and Aeka went silent when they heard the plop.
	Washu looked over to Tenchi. She grabbed his ponytail and
used it to pull his head out of the bean curd. "Hmm,
interesting…"  The young scientist released Tenchi and he fell
face first once again into his soup, as Washu brought up her halo
computer and recorded this new data.
	Ryoko smiled at Tenchi. "Maybe he needs mouth-to-mouth…"
	Mirei giggled at the comment. "How kawaii!"
	I DON'T THINK SO RYOKO!" Aeka practically screamed.
	Sasami got a large sweatdrop. "Not again."
	After lunch the girls all went to the Karaoke machine while
Tenchi slid into his duct taped door.
	Mihoshi started off the Karaoke with the song "I love you,
always and forever." Originally sung by Dana Lewis.
	Next it was Kiyone's turn. She sung "Me" By Paula Cole.
	After Kiyoni went Aeka and Ryoko. They actually got along
long enough to sing "The boy is mine." Which was originally sung
by Brandy and Monica.
	Ryoko thought for a moment after singing with Aeka. "The boy
is mine…" She said to herself. She didnt' notice that she said it
out loud.
	"He is not!" Growled Aeka to Ryoko. "Tenchi is not yours!"
	"Huh.. wha..?" Ryoko looked at Aeka totally unaware. Ryoko
caught herself before she went totally clueless. *Damn I must
have said that outloud* She suddenly realized.
	Aeka sighed. "Stupid monster women… you try to steal
everything from me!"
	"I? Steal from you? Maybe from Jurai, but not from you. I
think that you should turn that around!" Ryoko fumed at the
princess.	
	Mihoshi tilted her head a bit. "You know, the two of you
really shouldn't fight"
	"SHUT UP BUBBLE HEAD!" Aeka and Ryoko yelled together.
	Kiyone dragged Mihoshi from the soon to be war zone. They
left and went back to their apartment.
	The two began to argue again, their shouts and insults
louder then before.
	Tenchi walked back downstairs. He passed the room where the
girls were fighting.
 "Not again…..I wish they would stop.." Tenchi walked in the
room, he had it. They had stopped 
hurting each other	, now they just yell. "Just STOP please!"
              Both girls stopped and stared at Tenchi. "Gomen…"
They said together.
             "Why can't you two just get along ? Can't you at
least try?!" Tenchi asked them as he
calmed down a bit.
             Ryoko looked at him , remembering what she had said
so long ago. "Tenchi! Remember what
I told you! You know, when I came back." 
             Tenchi nodded, staring at her oddly.
             "We'll win your heart in the fairest of fights!"
Ryoko looked into his eyes. "I promise."
             Aeka looked at Ryoko. "I know whats fair to you.."
She began but was cut off.
             "Aeka, listen.. no one is going to win his heart
this way. If Tenchi accepts to go on a date with
each of us. Then after, he can choose..but we must act like
ourselfs." Ryoko looked to Aeka for an answer.
            "Prehaps  your right." Aeka began as she looked
toward the floor.  "Sounds reasonable."
            Tenchi looked at the woman who had suddenly surronded
him. "Ok ok… on one condition."
            "The condition is…?" Asked Ryoko nervously. She new
the risk she was taking. The risk was
losing Tenchi, but if she didn't do this, she might lose him
anyway. Aeka was problely thinking the same
thing.
             "The condition is that if I do choose one of you,
their is no hard feelings for anyone." Tenchi sighed.
            "Ok.. now what are we going to do about dates?" Aeka
asked uneasily.
            Washu, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Mirei slipped out before
being noticed.
            Tenchi looked to the girls. "You two can pick the
dates. Nothing exspensive, Ok?" 
            They both nodded looking toward each other. A smile
spread across both their faces.
           "I think Lord Tenchi and I should go on a picnic!"
Aeka declared to both Ryoko and Tenchi. 
"Do you agree Lord Tenchi?"
           "Hai!" Tenchi replyed to the princess.
           "Alright, and when?" Aeka asked the young prince.
           "Like I said, its up to you." Tenchi told Aeka.
           "How bout tomarrow at 3:00?" Aeka asked him again.
          "That will be fine.." He told her some what sighing.
"And you Ryoko?"
          Ryoko was surprised to hear her name. "I'll have to
think about it." She said quickly dissappearing.
          Aeka walked out of the room, smiling and excited.
"Thank you Lord Tenchi!" She said as she walked
off to her room. < Now I must find Sasami..>
         Tenchi semi smiled when he saw her so happy. < I'm doing
the right thing…>
         Ryoko layed on the couch. She glanced over to Nobyuki
reading the paper. An advertisment caught
her eye. She ripped the add out and dissappeared. 
         Nobyuki lifted his paper. There was a huge hole in the
middle of it. "Hmmm…?"
         Aeka walked into her room. She looked to see Sasami,
Mirei, and Ryo-Ohki. "Dear sister of mine…"
Began Aeka in a soft voice.
        "Whatcha want sis? Is it to get Tenchi?" Sasami smiled to
her sister.
        "And you want us to help, right?" Added Mirei giggling.
        Aeka blushed a bit. "Well…."
        "IT IS! WERE RIGHT!!!!" Shouted the two girls.
        Washu typed quickly on her computer. "This should be
fun!"
        "You are such a genius Washu!" Puppet A began.
        "You are the best!" Puppet B finished.
         A smile slid across Washu's face. A wild cackle left her
lips. "It is true!"
         Ryoko looked at the piece of paper. "Its just so
perfect!!!" She laughed to herself, reading the article 
again and again. "I gotta go find Tenchi!!!"
        Tenchi wandered through the living room. He looked over
to see his confused father. "Hey dad, whats
wrong?"
        Nobyuki looked through the hole in the paper.
"Oh…nothing…."
       "Tenchi!!!" Ryoko laughed excitedly. She shoved the paper
in front of his face. "It's the perfect date!!"
       Tenchi's father's eyes went wide. "Date! My son I'm so
proud!!!!!"
      He blushed a bit  turning to Ryoko.
       Nobyuki was suddenly next to his son. "Need some pointers,
tips ?" He asked elbowing him.
       "Dad.. geez!" Tenchi blushed a bit more then before.
       Ryoko got very annoyed. She grabbed Tenchi's arm,
teleporting them to the roof. "Geez, hes annoying!"
       "What is it that you wanted Ryoko?" Tenchi asked taking
his place on the roof.
       "Read the paper Tenchi! It's so perfect!" Ryoko said
excitedly again.
       He read the paper out loud. "All American carnival. Only
comes once a year to Japan." Tenchi smiled , he always wanted to
go to it. He hide the smile quickly. "So when are we going?"
       "Why not the first day, Friday?" Ryoko looked at him
happily. 
       "Alright, day after tomarrow it is!" Tenchi said quickly
leaving.
      Ryoko was now alone on the roof. She sighed as she looked
toward the latter where he had left.
       Aeka explained to the girls about what she needed. They
both agreed.
       Aeka left the room. <Plan one accomplished. On to plan B!
> She thought to herself. She wandered outside, then looked to
the left. < Not those damn woods! > She wandered a bit further
until she found the perfect spot. <Plan B , accomplished! > 
       Finally the day of Tenchi's first date was to began. It
was fifteen minutes til he had to go to the kitchen to meet Aeka.
       Ryoko sat close to the T.V.  She didn't want to hear
anything that went on. Her tail twitched uneasily, making a
slight *swish* sound.
      Mihoshi and Kiyone sat on either side of Ryoko. They were
reinforcements if she tried something.
      Aeka waited impatiently in the kitchen. She tapped her
fingers on the counter.
     Sasasmi and Mirei put the food in the basket. "Don't worry
big sister!" Sasami said as they both tried to give encouraging
looks.
     Tenchi walked though the open door. "Hello Miss Aeka."
      Aeka smiled brightly to him. "Are you ready Lord Tenchi?"
      Tenchi nodded, smiling to the princess. <I'm doing the
right thing….I hope.. > He thought to himself.
     They grabbed the basket, thanking the girls. Aeka was
leading the way. She took him to a small space surrounded by
trees and bushes. A small lake layed in front of them.
      Tenchi started up the conversation. "This…is a nice
place.."
      Aeka smiled at him. "Do you really think so?" She asked
happily.
      He nodded his head, then looked down at the food. "Wow!
Look at all this food!"
     They ate silently until the akward silence was once again
broken.
    "Soo…ummm….nice weather." Tenchi started again.
    "Yes, but you can control the weather on Jurai." Aeka
replied.
    "Control the weather?" Asked Tenchi. "How?"
    "Well …" Began Aeka. "There is this machine, it makes sure
the weather is always perfect on Juari. She said proudly.
    "Wow! I wish they had one here!" Tenchi said amazed.
    Aeka simply nodded as she took a sip of her tea.
    She suddenly stood up. "Tenchi, lets walk by the lake.." Aeka
asked meekly.
   "Okay, my legs sorta fell asleep anyways."
   They cleaned their mess, then began to walk.
   "It's so bueatiful…" Aeka began to drift off.
   Tenchi simply nodded, smiling as the wind blew threw his short
black hair.
   Both of them found a spot and seatled down.
   Aeka touched the water lightly. She looked up to Tenchi
smiling.
   He looked back down to her. "Miss Aeka, I must ask, why do you
love me?"
   The princess blushed a bit. "Well, your sweet and gental. You
also treat me as an equal, not surpior. Your also very handsom.."
    It was Tenchi's turn to blush now. "I see.."
    "And why do you love me Lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked, almost
afraid of the answer.
    "Well… I love you because you are kind. I love you dearly
Miss Aeka. I could do nothing to harm you. But.. I must find my
true feelings. Please understand .. " Tenchi said in some what a
whisper.
    She nodded slowly trying to be strong, she held back her
tears. "I … understand.. " her voice said shaking. "We'd better
get back before Sasami goes to bed.. "
    The young prince looked at his watch. "It's … 8:00…." He said
slowly. "We have been out a while.."
    They both got up and began walking toward the house.
    "Tenchi I had a… " Aeka began, but tripped into Tenchi's
arms.
    They stood there like that for a few minutes, staring into
each others eyes. Their lips became close as Aeka  blushed and
turned away.
    <Why'd I do that?? I've been waiting since I first met this
boy to kiss him.  So why did I turn away? > Aeka thought.
    Tenchi was stunned. <That was close.. >
    They turned back around  to each other, blushing as their
eyes met, the reast of they way home they were silent.
    When they opened the door the first thing Tenchi saw was
Nobyuki put down his paper.
    <Oh no...> Thought Tenchi.
    "My son!" Cried Nobyuki proudly.
    "Err.....dad....." Tenchi said beganing to get frightened.
   Aeka made her way to her room. She was happy, but sad at the
same time. She knew she might lose him
forever.Worst, she would lose him to that monster woman. She
could not bear the thought. <No.......he
couldn't be with her....."
    Tenchi finally broke away from his father. He ran up the
stairs but quickly stopped. <Thats my
stero...> Thought Tenchi as he slowly opened the door and smiled
a bit, even blushed.
     Ryoko smiled as she day dreamed as she laied on Tenchi's
bed. "I don't wanna close my eyes, I don't
wanna fall asleep" Blasted the radio, the Areosmith song made her
feel happy as she drifted back to
reality.
     The space pirate looked up to see Tenchi. "Uhhhh....." Was
all she could say. <Damn,I'm always
caught lookin so....weak....> She thought for something, anything
as a destraction. She dissappeared 
and reappeared behind Tenchi.
    "Uh oh...." Tenchi said as he turned to see Ryoko. "Don't do
this, please..be fair.."
    Ryoko just nodded, then looked into his deep brown eyes.
   Tenchi looked back and was caught in her gaze. He stared into
her eyes as if by trance.
   "And then I kiss your eyes and thank God were together.." The
song kept playing.
   A knock at the door was heard. It was Aeka, breaking the
trance between the two.
   "Lord Tenchi.." Called Aeka from behind the door.
   Ryoko dissappeared without a word.
   "Yes Miss Aeka...?" He asked her.
   "I forgot to thank you.." She yelled though the door.
   "Oh I'm so sorry!!!" Tenchi said as he opened the door.
   Aeka blushed slightly. "It's alright Lord Tenchi." She said in
a small voice.
    Tenchi smiled. "Goodnight Miss Aeka, I need to get up
tomarrow."
    Aeka stared at him. "Hai." She said as she walked away as she
said.. "Goodnight Tenchi."She really
didn't want to think of why he had to get up. She knew what it
was, she shivered slightly.
     Washu smiled as she typed with great ease. She hummed a tune
as she made her next experiment.
     Sasami looked at the door, then the clock. "Where is she??" 
     Mirei sighed to herself shurgging her shoulders.
     Princess Aeka stummbled though the door. "I'm sorry I'm late
Sasami.."
     The younger Princess glared at her sister. "It's almost
10:00 Aeka..."
     Aeka sighed turning her eyes toward the girls. "Really, I am
sorry."
     "Shhh!! Sasami! How was Tenchi???" Mirei giggled jumpping up
and down.
     Aeka blushed a bright pink. "Well...." She began putting her
index fingers together.
     The girls giggled. "So you have a chance!!'
     Princess Aeka's eyes became wide as her eye brows began to
twitch. "What. Did. You .Say...?"
     "Nothing! Absoulutly, positively, NOTHING!!" They shouted
together .
     "Why would you EVER  think that stupid monster woman would
have a chance over me?? Look at my soft and bueatiful skin! My
long, silky hair! I'M SO PURE!!! " Aeka finished proudly showing
her perfections.
      Mirei stared at her. "Why be so mean? " 
      Sasami elbowed her.
     "Ow Sasami! Its true!" 
     Sasami looked at Mirei as Mirei nodded.
      Sasami sighed loudly. "Lets just ALL go to bed..."
     Mirei nodded in agreement. "Please.." She added sleeply.
     Aeka made a small gester in agreement. "Yes, your right, I'm
sorry for the outburst..."
     Both nodded  as they each fell into their beds.
     Aeka dropped into her bed as she fell asleep with troubled
thoughts.
     Tenchi woke up early, brushed his teeth and hair, then got
dressed. After he walked downstairs.
     "Breakfest is ready!" Sasami called happily. "Mirei, please
go get Aeka for me."
     Mirei ran up the stairs calling Aeka's name as she reached
the door.
    "I..I... don't feel well." Aeka replyed though the door.
    Mirei smiled. "We didn't tell Tenchi bout your out burst
Aeka, so if you want...." Before Mirei was finished , Aeka was
out the door and walking down the stairs.
     Ryoko smiled at the table as she saw Aeka come down the
stairs.
     <Oh man..... I really hope they dont fight!> His jaw dropped
as he saw bothg girls just nod to each other, than take their
place at the table.
      Mihoshi poked her head though the door. "Is that food I
smell?"
      Kiyone sighed loudly behind her. "What else could it be.."
      Sasami began to giggle. "Just sit down and eat please. "
      Mirei nodded as they sat down. "Try my miso soup! I just
learned how to make it! "
      Kiyone took a sip. "This is good!" She exclaimed smiling.
"Mihoshi, try some!"
      Mirei blushed and smiled. "Thanx!"
      "YUMMY!" Cried Mihoshi as breakfest continued on.
      Finally, breakfest ended.
      As everyone left the table, Washu glanced at Ryoko.
      "WHAT?!" Asked Ryoko as she noticed Washu just staring at
her.
      "Come Ryoko.." Washu told her walking away.
       Ryoko was about to leave, but became courius and followed.
       Washu looked over as her door flew open. "Took you long
enough..."
       "Why the hell do you want me?! I gotta go get ready!"
Ryoko whined to the scientist.
       "I was going to help you." Washu answered as she made her
holo computer appear beneath her hands.
        "Hey... One, why would you help ME ? Two, you probably
never even had a date, HOW could you possibly help me?" Ryoko
asked sighing.
        Washu's green eyes followed the space pirate. "Okay, I'm
not going to answer number one because, one, It'll be too long.
Two, I don't have to. THREE , you were mean, be lucky u're not a
water sprite!" Washu finished.
          "Then answer my second question!" Ryoko asked, hoping
never to be a water sprite agian.
          Washu nodded. "I guess number one will be answer with
number two in time."
          Ryoko looked dumbfounded. "Damn.."
          Washu smirked, then typed madly on the computer. A pair
of shorts and a tank top baby tee appeared, followed by a bra.
          "What the hell is this?" Ryoko asked as she lifted the
bra to her face.
          "Your sagging Ryoko." Washu said plainly.
          "I AM NOT!!" She screamed as Washu just stood there.
          "Do you really think your goning to go anywhere with
the clothes your wear? I mean, you wanna look human don't you?"
Washu asked, staring at Ryoko.
           Ryoko looked at the clothes on the floor. "There
not..bad.."
           "Put them on" She said, beganing to type agian.
            The space pirate put the clothes on and stood there.
She sighed loudly, Washu was still typing. "I'm done changing
,now what?"
             Washu looked and smiled. "They fit you."
             "When did you ever care about clothes?" Ryoko
questioned her.
             Washu brought out a mirrior for Ryoko to see herself
in. All of a sudden she began to laugh hesstircicly. 
             "Hey, what are you laughing about?" Then she looked
down.
             "Ryoko...you put the bra on backward. And it goes
inside your shirt, not outside.." Washu finished as her eyes
watered.
             She blushed fixing herself. "Shit.."
             Washu wiped her eyes, looking back at Ryoko. "Much
better."
             Ryoko looked at her and groweled a bit. "Whatever."
She said quickly as she turned away blushing, then ran out the
door.
             "Your growing up.." Washu grined as she turned back
to her work.
             Ryoko fell out the door, landing on her face.
"Ughh..."
            "Ready to go?" Tenchi asked her as he stepped out of
the bathroom.
            She nodded smoothing back her hair. "Of course!"
           They heard a loud sigh and looked over to see Sasami
and Mirei staring at them.
            Tenchi brought down his hand to Ryoko to help her to
her feet.
            "Thank..thank you.." She studdered as she looked into
his eyes. She smiled as she got up.
            "Well....were off." Tenchi told them uneasily.
            Both girls nodded, sighing once more. "Have.. a good
time.."
           Tenchi began to smile a bit more as they stepped out
the door with Ryoko by his side. < I REALLY  hope I'm doing the
right thing...>
           Tenchi had borrowed the Masaki van from his father. He
was thrilled to drive it, but being alone with Ryoko..... thet
usually spelled trouble.
           Aeka bit her bottom lip staring out the window. "Oh
Lord Tenchi... be alright." She whispered to herself.
          Sasami smiled from behind her sister. 
          Aeka jumped turning around.
          "Aeka its ok, whatever the outcome."
          Aeka and Sasami turned toward the door to see Mihoshi,
Mirei, and Kiyone. Kiyone put her head in her hands as a
sweatdrop formed.
          Tenchi and Ryoko rode silently til they heard a
"miyaa!" from the back seat.
          "Ryo.....Ryo-Ohki!" Ryoko said surprised as she
dissappeared to the back, picking up her furry cabbit friend.
          Tenchi looked to mirrior laughing. "No stow aways."
          "You know your not supose to come...." Ryoko finished
with a semi smile.
          Ryo-Ohki hopped to her masters arm purring. She made
sure she wasn't mad.
          "Stop the car I have an idea!" Ryoko said smiling.
          Tenchi began to sweat. "Uhh..."
          "I'll be right back!' She told him as she dissappeared
and reappeared as as quickly asshe had left. "No cabbit!"
          Tenchi breathed with a sigh of relief. "Good idea
Ryoko."
          The car started as they began to move agian.
          Ryoko smiled as she turned on the radio. "Show me
love,show me life, baby show me whats its all about!" Played Show
Me Love sung by Robyn. Ryoko closed her eyes and let the song
take her away from realilty.
          "Ryoko, wake up, were there!" Tenchi said in a soft
voice, shaking her gentaily. He had let her sleep til they were
at the carnival.
          "I..I fell asleep?" She questioned as she sat up
yawning.
          "Hai." Tenchi said nodding while stepping out of the
van.
          They bought wrist bands and started off on the rides.
Both were having so much fun, til Tenchi felt sick.
          "Common Tenchi! Pleaseee!!" Cried Ryoko as she pointed
to the outdoor gravitron.
          "Ohhhh....." Groaned Tenchi as he followed her to the
ride. The barfing had only begun....
          They strapted themselves in as the ride began.
          "Oh Tenchi! Look!!" Ryoko pointed happily as the floor
dropped.
          "OH MY AHHHHHHHH!!!" Screamed Tenchi as he began to
freak out.
          The ride stopped as Tenchi stummbled out.
          "Tenchi are you ok? Do you need mouth to mouth??" Ryoko
asked worriedly.
          "I'm fine..." Tenchi said trying to act macho, as he
stummbled to the nearest trash can and barfed. "Mybe..we should
find a slower ride.."
           Ryoko only nodded and patted Tenchi on the back. She
slowly looked up to see a ride she remembered.. "Tenchi! Lets go
on that!" She said pointing to the fairs wheel ( The on like in
Time and Space Adventures).
           "Yea, ok, sounds cool."
           They walked to the fairs wheel. Surprisingly there was
no line so they took there seat in the last empty seats. Both
were silent til they heard something...
            "I...I think its stuck.. Ryoko, can you get us down?"
            Ryoko looked to her side and out the window. "Wow
Tenchi, were at the top!" Ryoko exclaimed as her eyes sparkled,
then turned back to Tenchi. "If I let you down, they'll kinda
find out were not normal. She pointed out.
            Tenchi sighed. "I guess your right.." He said as he
looked out his window, then turned away and shut his eyes
tightly.
            "Is it really that bad? Do you hate me so much?"
Ryoko asked sounding hurt.
            "No, of course I don't hate you Ryoko. I just
hate...heights, I'm......sorta like my...." Tenchi voice cracked
a bit. "My mom.." He finished, staring at the floor.
             Ryoko frowned as she stared at him, her eyes had
become glossy. "At least you know who your parents are..." She
told him as her voice began to shake. "All I remember is running,
because if I didn't they might catch me....I'd be taken
away.."Her voice cracked as she held back her tears shaking.
             Tenchi made his way over to Ryoko. "Ryoko, its
alright... don't cry.." He said in a whisper.
             "Damn...why do I always have to be so weak!?" She
said as she began crying, laying her head on Tenchi's shoulder.
Sniffing a bit, she lifted her head to meet Tenchi's eyes. His
face was so close to hers....
              "Ryoko...I can not forsake Aeka..." Tenchi told her
queitly.
              Ryoko nodded. "Ok...then move before I'm tempted."
              Tenchi shoke his head. "No...you move first....."
He said in a shaking voice.
              They both blushed a bit as their lips brushed
eachothers.
              "It's fixed, you can get off now." The man said
from the door of the fairs wheel. He had worked on it.
               Ryoko looked to Tenchi with pleading eyes.
               "Can we ride agian?" Asked Tenchi, blushing as
Ryoko smiled.
               Aeka paced back and forth in her room.
"Shes...shes probely suducing him right now!!"
               "Please...calm down Aeka!" Pleaded Sasami.
               Mirei and Mihoshi had been asleep for the last
hour.
               Kiyone sighed in a near by corner. "Why me..."
              Ryo-Ohki sat on Kiyone's knee. She wasn't very
happy that Ryoko had dropped her off, she wanted to go with
Tenchi too.
              Aeka's head turned toward the cabbit. Her eye brow
twitched a bit. "Ryo-Ohki...what are they doing.....?" Aeka's
voice came out very meancing.
               "Miya miya miya!!!" Answered the cabbit wagging
her short tail.
               Aeka picked her up and began shaking her
violently. "What. Are . They . DOING!!!"
               Ryoko and Tenchi rode home.
               Ryoko smiled. "Tenchi look!" She said in a soft
tone.
               "Wow.." Said Tenchi as the shooting star dashed
across the dark skies.
               Tenchi looked toward the van's clock. "Aww...shit,
look at the time...." Tenchi said quickly covering his mouth.
                Ryoko laughed, then looked at the time. "	Wow!
It's late!"
                "I really hope they don't wait up for us....how
are we going to explain this?" Tenchi said in a whine.
                "Tenchi, like we watched the time, tell the
truth." Ryoko said seriously.
                "But Ryoko....." Tenchi began, but was cut off.
                 "Wasen't that the test betwen me and Aeka? Would
it be fair to her?" She asked.
                "Hai, your right Ryoko." Tenchi said quietly. "I
just don't want to hurt anyone.." Added Tenchi as he slightly
turned his head to her, then back to the road." By the way, I
need to know....why do you love me?"
                "Because you care, your not scared of me, and I
can show you the real me without you running away. Plus your
hot."
                Tenchi blushed a bit. "Thank you Ryoko."
                "Anytime."
                "Oh my.." Both Kiyone and Sasami said at once.
                Aeka..was going mad. "I am going to kill her if
she does anything to MY Tenchi!" She said as she paced back and
forth.
                Mirei looked from her place on the floor." Is she
still whining?"
                Suddenly Aeka was in Mireis face. Her eye
twitched rapidly. "What.did.you.SAY!"
                "No..nothing..." Muttered Mirei in a tiny voice.
                Sasami sighed as she looked at the two. They
always seemed to fight when Aeka was under stress. "Aeka, this
helps no one."
                Aeka caught herself before she stranggled her
sister. "You right, I'm sorry Sasami."
                The group sighed of relief.
                Kiyone turned on the TV to see Hanson on its
screen. Shivering she picked the remote back and change the
station when Mirei, Sasami, and Mihoshi's faces where plastered
to the screen. "So much for that idea.." Sighed Kiyone as she
picked up a book and read.
                Just then the door opened.
                "LORD TENCHI!" Screamed Aeka. "Are you alright?!"
                "I'm fine." He said setting his hands on her
shoulders.
                Ryoko looked at the TV the girls were plastered
to. "Ewwww...yuck... they look like girls...."
                Mirei stared at Ryoko. "THEIR SOO COOL!!"
                "Uhhhh...yeah..whatever..." Ryoko replyed turning
her direction away from the TV. Her eyes began to shine.
                 Aeka stared at Ryoko oddly. "Ummm....Ryoko...why
are your clothes wet?"
                Tenchi blushed as Ryoko told of a few hours back,
thus leading to a flashback. 
*Flashback*
                 Ryoko leaned her head on the window, watching
the outside as the vechicle drove by. She then smiled as she saw
what she knew they had to stop for. "Tenchi look! Lets swim!!"
                 "Ummm...Ryoko we kinda don't have bathing
suits.."He knew what was coming next...
                 An evil grin appeared on Ryoko's face. "So?
You've seen be before."
                 This made Tenchi have a full body blush.
"Uhhh...Ryoko...no.."
                "Okay, you have boxers right?" Ryoko asked as she
slipped off her top.
                Tenchi blushed agian. "Ryoko..."
                Next thing he knew, he was in a pond in his
underwear, with a woman.
                "This is bad, bad, bad, bad....." Chanted Tenchi.
                Ryoko splashed him and laughed softly. "Come on,
Tenchi you wuss!"
                That took Tenchi back. "Me? Wuss? I THINK NOT!!"
He laughed as he splashed back.
*Flashback over*
                 Tenchi blushed once more when he realesed his
father was there.
                Aeka stood there in total shock. "Lord Tenchi....
swam in his underwear." Aeka blushed. "You lie Miss Ryoko! It
does no sound like him at all!"
                Nobuyuki sqeezed his son tightly. "I'm so proud!
SO PROUD!!" He beamed.
                "Dad..*choke*..please stop..*weez*.." Tenchi
pleaded.
                He quickly dropped his son to the ground.
               Ryoko sighed. 'Well princess, ask Tenchi." She
said pointing to the floor.
               "Lord Tenchi...you didn't..." Aeka said in a
slight whisper.
              "All...all we did was swim Miss Aeka..."
              "In your underwear!!" Aeka exclaimed a bit louder.
"Please... tell me the truth..." She said in a tiny voice agian.
             Tenchi nodded. "I'm sorry Miss Aeka.."
            Aeka couldn't hold it in. She cried,and she couldn't
stop. She turned away running to her room.
            Sasami turned to Tenchi. Her face looked angry but
mostly hurt. "Why'd you hurt her like that? She didn't deserve
that.." She cried to him.
           "Your right Sasami.." He told her as he stared to the
floor.
           "Hey, Sasami, if you want to blame anyone, blame me."
Ryoko told the younger princess, slipping in front of Tenchi. She
bent down and became face to face with Sasami. "It's my
fault...I'm sorry..."
            Sasami looked at Ryoko and began to cry. "I'm..I'm
sorry..!' She turned away from Ryoko's face.
           Ryoko held her breathe as she set her hand on Sasami's
shoulder. "It's alright.."
           Sasami turned around as she began to sob into Ryoko's
shoulder. She just kept whispering "I'm sorry.."
           Ryoko sat there, not knowing what to do.
"Sas...Sasami...It's ok..." She said patting her on the back
uneasily. Ryoko looked up at Tenchi.
           Tenchi simply nodded as he ran up to Aeka's room.
          Aeka sobbed loudly as her shoulders shoke
uncontrollably.
          Tenchi knocked on the door. "Miss Aeka....may we talk?"
          "O...okay.." Aeka said uneasily  as Tenchi opened the
door to see Aeka stare at him with red, tear stained eyes.
          "Oh...I'm sorry Aeka..." Tenchi began.
          "Tenchi...please don't speak..." Aeka told him between
sobs.
          Tenchi nodded and sat down. "I'm listening." He said
gently.
          "I should have been ready for this, I mean inside...I
always knew.." She said as her voice cracked. "This is diffently
not princess like." She said as she forced out a laugh. She wiped
the tears from her eyes. "Please..be with Ryoko now.. don't let
me keep you back.." She told him as she forced a smile.
            "Ae..Aeka, I cannot leave a friend in this sort of
mood. Please, be happy Aeka!" He exclaimed with false excitment.
            Aeka smiled warmly. "Your right Tenchi, give me a few
minutes to clean up and I'll be down with you."
           Tenchi walked down the stairs slowly. As he walked
into the living room he glanced over to see Sasami sleeping on
Ryoko's shoulder, on the couch. He looked by the TV to see Mirei
and Mihoshi sleeping, faces still on the screen. Then he saw
Kiyone, still reading as if nothing happened. Ryo-Ohki slept on
Ryoko's lap. He smiled and looked around. "Hey Kiyone!"
         "Oh..uhh..hi" She said as she went back to her book.
         Just then Tenchi noticed Ryoko was up. "Havin fun?" He
asked jokingly.
         "Shut up...." Ryoko replyed, though she knew she
couldn't stop the giggle that escaped her lips soon after.
         Aeka came downstairs to see Ryoko holding her breathe.
"Oh Ryoko..nothing will wake her up." She said as she laughed a
bit.
         "Take her, shes not my sister." Ryoko said stubbernly.
         Tenchi sighed. "Please, no more fights.."
         Both girls nodded as Aeka picked Sasami up and Ryoko
went towards Tenchi. When Aeka left, Ryoko spoke.
          "We are alone...my Tenchi.." She said in a whisper.
          Tenchi said nothing as he pulled Ryoko close, he closed
his eyes as he began to kiss her softly.
<I did the right thing...>


When you go fishing you catch
a boot or some other trash.
When you play your cards, you lose all your cash.

You're so pathetic, you'll never win, and you never will.
Not the kind of girl, who'd make any gut feel a thrill.

I'm sorry you'll never be a goddess like me,
set aside, this is how its gots to be.
 
I'll get the guy, yes I'm the one who wil always win the day.
I'm strong, and I am bueatiful, what more can I say?
I'll get the guy, he'll hold me close
Til the very end of time.
When you lose how you will moan and cry.
'Cause the guy will my mine!