	Our story begins where the young man named Tenchi Masaki is doing 
his duty near the Masaki Shrine. Two months has passed since they 
helped Trunks defeat the immortal Kagato. By using the Dead Zone, they 
were able to put him in there and lock him up for good. Since then, 
everything has returned to normal and Tenchi and the girls are enjoying 
themselves at the Masaki household. Speaking of the girls, each of them 
are doing whatever that keeps them busy around the house. Sasami 
continues to cook up something special in the kitchen, Princess Ayeka 
sits in front of the television and watches Soap Operas, Ryoko 
sometimes stay in her room eating and drinking tea, Kiyone and Mihoshi 
are in space patrolling the galaxy, and Washu is in her lab continuing 
to work on her latest invention. Once Tenchi got done with his work, he 
headed home so that he could get some rest. After he enters through the 
door, he heard someone running up the stairs. But, the only stairs that 
leads up that he can hear were Washu's steps. The door that leads to 
Washu's lab opened quickly and Washu was standing there trying to catch 
her breath so that she can say something.

Tenchi: Little Washu, are you okay?

Washu:(breathes hard) Of course,...I'm okay. 

Tenchi: Well, you had me worried.

	Ryoko appeared on the stairs leading down.

Ryoko: What's with all the noise?! I thought a buffalo herd went 
through here!

Tenchi: It was Washu, Ryoko.

Ryoko: Huh? Washu, what's wrong with you?!

Washu:(smiles) I have invented something that will make history!!

Tenchi: What is it?

Washu: I'm not going to say it up here, silly. You have to round the 
girls and bring them down here.

Ryoko: Just tell us what it is, Washu. Believe me, if this invention is 
all that you claim that it is, it shouldn't explode like the last 
couple, right?

Washu: Those inventions of mine would've worked! It's...just that the 
wires were crossed up.

Ryoko:(chuckles) Sure, they were.

Washu:(sighs) I'll be waiting downstairs for ya.

Tenchi: Okay.

	Washu then headed back down to her lab.

Tenchi: Ryoko, you have to give Washu at least something positive to 
say.

Ryoko: But, don't you remember the last two inventions? I mean those 
machines were going to bring the house down!

Tenchi:(raindrop over his head) I haven't forgotten.

Ryoko: I know Washu and this invention can't be any better than the 
rest.

Tenchi: We may never know. In the mean time, don't move from that spot. 
I go get the rest of the girls.

	Tenchi went to get Ayeka and Sasami so that they can head down to 
Washu's lab to find out what the invention Washu said that it will make 
history.

Ayeka: Where is she? It's dark down here.

Ryoko: She's probably going to surprise us with this invention.

Washu: How right you are, Ryoko.

	Everyone turned to their left to see Washu in the center of the 
area.

Tenchi: Geez, don't scare us like that, Washu.

Washu: Sorry, but I couldn't resist doing this.

Ryoko: Well, get on with it.

Washu: Oh, right.(clears throat) Introducing the latest invention ever 
created by the greatest scientist in the universe!

	Washu pushes a button and the lights came on behind her. The gang 
was surprised to see a big machine with a screen surrounded by gears 
and parts. It was incredible the way it was shown to them.

Ayeka: Wow.

Tenchi: That's unbelievable.

Ryoko: Okay. But, I would rather hear what it can do.

Washu: Funny. I was going to do that part just now. This invention of 
mine is the Traveler XGP.

Sasami: Traveler XGP?

Tenchi: What's that?

Washu:(smiles) I'm glad you asked. You see, I use this machine to put 
in any information that I want and use it to open the interdimensional 
doorway and go straight through it with the right coordination.

	Everyone had a confused look on their face after hearing that.

Ryoko: In English, Washu!

Washu: In other words, this machine can time travel through anything as 
long as you put in the exact time and location that you want to go.

Ayeka: Oh. Well, how many people can go into this...thing?

Washu: Just about 2 people. I'm working on a chance to have 12 people, 
but that's being too greedy.

Ryoko:(smiles devishily and thinking) Two people, eh? Well, that 
definitely tells me that Tenchi and I will go to wherever we want to go 
without Ayeka in the way.

Ayeka:(smiles and thinking) With two people, I can finally spend some 
quiet time with Tenchi.

Sasami: So, when is this machine ready to work?

Washu: Actually, it's working right now.

Ayeka and Ryoko: Huh? 

Tenchi: Well, I have to admit, Little Washu, that this had to be the 
greatest invention yet.

Washu: Why, thank you, Tenchi.

Ayeka: Um, Tenchi. To see if this works, how about you and I go 
somewhere for awhile?

Ryoko: Think again, Princess!! Tenchi will test this machine out with 
yours truly!

Ayeka: Why would Tenchi go with you when he could go with me?! Knowing 
you, you probably fowl things up anyway!!

Ryoko: I know what I'm going to do with Tenchi. You, on the other hand, 
have pretty dirty things going through that mind of yours.

Ayeka:(shocked) What?!?! I do not have no such thing on my mind, 
Ryoko!! Apparently, you have that thought crossed up with your mind!

Ryoko: Oh, please! Like I would seduce Tenchi or something!

Ayeka: You would, wouldn't you?!

Washu:(screams) HEY!!!!!

	Everything stops in their tracks as they see Washu with a vein 
showing on her forehead.

Washu: No one is going into this Traveler XGP and that's final!!! That 
goes for you two!!

Tenchi: I think it's time to go upstairs.(slight chuckle)

	Everyone headed upstairs so that they can leave Washu and her lab 
alone. Sasami went back to the kitchen to continue to cook while Ayeka 
and Ryoko, still mad at each other, watches T.V.

Ryoko: You know, this is all your fault.

Ayeka: My fault?! What in blazes are you talking about?!

Ryoko: If you would kept your mouth shut, then Washu would've let us 
test it.

Ayeka: Such hogwash! I know that you would use that machine after the 
demonstration was over!

Ryoko: Perhaps, but you would've done the same thing.

Ayeka: Absolutely not!!

Tenchi: Are you girls still fighting?!?!

	Tenchi was behind the couch.

Ayeka: Um,...sorry. 

Ryoko: Serves you right anyway.

Ayeka:(growls)

Tenchi: Stop it, both of you. I doubt Washu will ever let us use that 
machine if you act this way.

Ayeka: You aren't mad at us are you, Lord Tenchi?

Tenchi:(sighs) Not really. But, you two have to control your tempers. 
Otherwise, you two will be at war against each other.

	As Tenchi left the living room, both Ayeka and Ryoko stared at 
each other with confused look on their face. Time passes and it was 
dinner time. Kiyone and Mihoshi returned from their duty and arrived 
just in time for Sasami's cooking.

Tenchi: So, how was your day, Kiyone?

Kiyone: Terrible, Tenchi. 

Mihoshi: No, it wasn't.

Kiyone: For you, it wasn't. But, for me, it was the roughest day of my 
life!!

Sasami: Care to talk about it?

Kiyone: All we did today was pull over a speeder who was doing 60,000 
mph in a 40,000 mph speed limit. After we pulled it over, Mihoshi went 
ahead and read the person's rights! I haven't wrote the ticket yet and 
she is saying his rights! After that, the driver flipped and drove off. 
Next thing you know, we were on a universal car chase!!!

Ryoko: Wow. Did you caught him?

Kiyone: Yeah and I was so tired from chasing this person that I didn't 
feel like writing a ticket, so the next thing I did was to let him go 
on a warning.

Tenchi: Well, that seems reasonable.

Kiyone: I haven't mentioned the worse part.

Ryoko: What is the worse part, might I ask?

Kiyone: When we returned to headquarters, Mihoshi spilled the beans to 
our chief about the little incident that we had and the chief was upset 
about our actions!!

Mihoshi: So, the chief was nice enough to let us go without any 
punishment.

Sasami: Gee, that does sounds like a rough day, Kiyone.

Kiyone:(sighs) What I need is get away from all of this for like a day 
or something.

Tenchi: A vacation?

Kiyone: Yeah, that's it. A vacation. A vacation to getaway from it all.

Mihoshi: Great! We need a vacation! 

Kiyone:(growls) Not "we", you baboon!!! Just me!! I need a vacation!!

Ryoko: Well, this is your lucky day because Washu made some machine 
where you can go anywhere and spend some time in wherever you want to 
go!

Kiyone: For real?

Ryoko: Mm-hmm.

Kiyone:(thinking and smiles) With that machine, I can be in a place 
where there is no Mihoshi!!!

Mihoshi: Is it alright if we go see this machine?

Tenchi: Of course. Ryoko, would you do the honors?

Ryoko: Sure. I'll be just a tour guide for them.

	After dinner, Ryoko takes Kiyone and Mihoshi to Washu's lab so 
that they can see the latest invention made by Washu.

Kiyone: Wow! Is this it?

Ryoko: Yep. It's the Traveler XGP.

Mihoshi: What exactly does it do again?

Ryoko: Just type in the place or something into the system and go into 
the doorway. That will take you to a different place and time.

Kiyone: Amazing!

Mihoshi: I guess Washu really worked hard on this one.

Ryoko: Yeah, but no one has tested yet. Washu is not letting us use 
this because she has stupid reasons.

Kiyone: And what type of reasons would that be, Ryoko?

Ryoko: Well,....um....it....it's not important!! Trust me, okay?

	Ryoko was mad and went back upstairs with Kiyone and Mihoshi 
behind her. Night time came and everyone went to sleep. Unfortunately, 
Ryoko had different plans for tonight. After everybody else was settled 
in, she left her room and quietly went to Washu's door. Carefully, she 
opens the door and sneaks in the lab. She went downstairs trying not to 
wake anyone up. Once on ground, she headed for the Traveler XGP. She 
turned it on and looks on at the machine.

Ryoko:(smiles) This is perfect! Once I get the place that I want to go, 
I can take Tenchi and we be finally alone away from that wicked witch 
from Jurai!(laughs)

Ayeka: Wicked witch, huh?

Ryoko: Yeah. The wicked witch from....(gasped) I recognize that voice.

	Ryoko turns around and she sees a steamed Princess Ayeka.

Ayeka: You definitely on my last nerve, Ryoko! Calling me a witch is 
beyond your self-esteem!!!

Ryoko: Hey, watch what you say around me, Princess. By the way, what 
are you doing down here anyway?

Ayeka: Isn't obvious? I came down here to guard this machine. To keep 
it away from you!

Ryoko: Yeah, right! You want this machine so that you can have Tenchi 
all to yourself!

Ayeka: As if!! And what are you doing down here?

Ryoko: I want to see how it works and to see if it does work!! 
Remember, it hasn't been tested!

Ayeka: Well, you were going to test it and take Tenchi with you!

Ryoko: Even if I was, who's going to stop me?!?!

Ayeka: I am, you space pirate!

Ryoko: Well, bring it on!

	Ayeka and Ryoko stared each other down waiting for one of them to 
make the wrong move. While they are watching each other, Kiyone goes 
past them and heads for the machine. It took a couple of seconds before 
Ayeka and Ryoko realized what happened.

Ryoko: Wait a minute! What are you doing up?!

Kiyone: What do you think? I'm trying to take a vacation! I need to get 
away from work and especially from Mihoshi!!

Ayeka: Now, hold on! You have no right to leave just yet.

Kiyone: And why not?!

Ayeka: Because....because....well, because I said so!

Ryoko:(sarcastic) Way to go, Princess. I'm sure she believes you now.

Kiyone: Why are you two down here? I doubt that you two have a good 
reason why you are here with this machine.

Ryoko: It's really none of your business!

Ayeka: I have my reasons.

Sasami: Ayeka?

Ayeka: Huh?

	Ayeka sees Sasami up with Ryo-Ohki.

Ayeka: Sasami, what are you doing up? You should be sleeping.

Sasami: I went to get a glass of water and the next thing I knew was 
that you weren't in bed. So, I went downstairs and I heard voices. I 
heard your voice so I came down here.

Ayeka: Well, I'm here and I'm safe, Sasami. You can go back to bed now.

Sasami: Okay. Huh? Why are you down here anyway, sis?

Ayeka:(blushes) You see,...I wanted to use this machine or at least 
test drive it.

Ryoko: Come on, Ayeka. Lying to your own sister? How low can you go?

Ayeka: Will you please mind your own business for one minute, Ryoko?!?!

Ryoko:(smiles) Make me.

Ayeka:(growls) 

Sasami: Come back to bed, sis. It's getting late.

Ayeka: I'll be up shortly, Sasami.

Washu: Can someone explain to me why is there four girls in my lab?

	Washu, in her night gown, stands by her door and looks at the 
confused girls.

Ryoko: You don't have to worry, Washu. I stopped these fools from using 
your machine.

Washu: Save it, Ryoko. The only fool I see is the one in front of me.

Ryoko:(surprised look) Huh?

Washu: Do I have to put a note on the door so that it can sink into 
your skulls?! This machine is off limits period!

Ayeka: But, Miss Washu, we would really like to see it work.

Washu: If you girls can't stay out of trouble, then you won't be able 
to see anything work!

Sasami: Um, I had nothing to do with this. I just got here.

Washu:(smiles) I believe you, Sasami. It's the other people that I'm 
concerned about!

Ryoko: Now hold on just a minute, Washu! I haven't even touch the thing 
let alone use it! Besides, no one in here can't operate it either!

Mihoshi: Wow. These buttons look wonderful!!

Everyone: Huh?

	Everyone look to see Mihoshi at the control helm of the Traveler 
XGP. She was pushing buttons that she shouldn't be pressing.

Washu: Mishoshi, stop!! You're going to overload the system!!

Mihoshi:(gasped and starts sobbing) Then, how do I stop it?!

	Washu bumps her out of the way.

Washu: Let me handle it.

	Washu types at the console of the control helm trying to make 
some sense out of it. 

Washu: Drats! The machine is acting strangely all of a sudden.

Ryoko: Can you stop it?

Washu: I'll try. 

Ryoko: Perhaps you're not using the right buttons. Allow me.

	Ryoko moves Washu away and she starts to type away on the 
computer. Washu tries to pull her away from the console.

Washu:(struggles) Ryoko,....move....out of....the way!!

Ryoko: I know what I'm doing.

Washu:(struggles) That's....what I'm....afraid of!!

	Washu continue to pull at Ryoko until Ryoko pushed one more 
button. After she did, the machine starts to act funny and shows off 
funny colors. The doorway begins to open as the girls continue to look 
on in surprise.

Ryoko: What's happening?!

Washu: Everyone, grab on to something!!

Ayeka: Why?!

Washu: The doorway is opening and it will start sucking things in!!

	Washu was right as the doorway begins to show signs of doing what 
it was going to do. Wind begins to start up and its powerful gust of 
wind picks up anything that isn't nailed down in Washu's lab. The girls 
had to hang on for dear life while the machine is running.

Washu:(screams) I have to turn that machine off!!

Ryoko: And how are you going to do that without being sucked in?!?!

Washu: I don't know!! I'll think of something before....

Sasami: Ayeka!!!!

Ayeka: Sasami? Sasami!!!!

	Sasami was losing her grip.

Ayeka: Sasami, hang on!!!!

Sasami:(struggling) I'm....trying, sis!!

Ryoko: I'll blow that doorway before anything else happens!

Washu: No, don't! Do that and it will explode for sure taking all of 
us!!

Ryoko: Then, what can we do?!?!

Sasami: Ayeka, I can't hold on much longer!!!

Ayeka: Sasami!!!

	Sasami's fingers couldn't hold much longer.

Sasami: AYEKA!!!!!!

Ayeka:(screams) SASAMI!!!!!

	Sasami with Ryo-Ohki hanging on to her, went into the 
interdimensional doorway and disappeared. After that, the machine 
begins to slow down and closes the doorway. Soon, smoke was coming out 
of the circuits and the machine itself. Ayeka was on the ground and on 
her kness with a shocked and worried look on her face knowing that 
Sasami just went into the unknown.

Ayeka: Sa...Sasami?

Ryoko:(groans) What happened now?

Washu: The Traveler XGP has stopped running after Sasami went through 
the doorway.

Kiyone: But, where did Sasami go? I mean, no one set in the location of 
where to go.

Washu: The circuits are fried. I won't know where she is until I fix 
that machine.

Ryoko: If we wait that long, Sasami could get lost and wouldn't know on 
where to go.

Ayeka:(upset) This is your fault, Ryoko!

Ryoko: Huh? Come on, Ayeka. Don't start now.

	Out of nowhere, Ayeka comes up and grabs on to Ryoko's shirt 
collar.

Ryoko: What the?!

Ayeka:(furious look) Well, I'm starting! This wouldn't happen if you 
didn't come down here for your own selfish greed!!!

Ryoko: Now, hold on.

Ayeka: Shut up!!! I'm talking!!

Ryoko:(gasped)

Ayeka:(begin to cry) Sasami is lost in a place that she doesn't know. 
She had nothing to do with that infernal machine until you kept 
interrupting Washu's work!!!!

Washu: And that's the truth!

Ryoko: Hey, who side are you on anyway?

Ayeka: Nevermind her, Ryoko. It's me you should be worried about.

Ryoko: Listen, I'm sorry for what happened to Sasami.

Ayeka:(angry) No, you're not!!! You don't care for anyone but yourself 
and you know it!!!

Tenchi:(yawns) What's everyone doing down here?

	Everyone stopped what they were doing and notices Tenchi up. They 
didn't realize it yet but it was morning and they spent the entire 
night fighting and surviving the machine attack. After everything was 
settled and everyone was upstairs, the girls finally told Tenchi what 
happened with Sasami and the Traveler XGP.

Tenchi: WHAT?!?!?!

Washu: And that's the truth, Tenchi.

Tenchi: You mean to tell me that Sasami is gone and you have no clue 
where she is?!?!

Washu: Until I fix the controls, we won't know where Sasami is.

Tenchi:(sighs) This is totally unbelievable.

Ryoko: Is there anything I can do, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Honestly, I don't know what to do with you, Ryoko. After all, 
all of this is your fault.

Ryoko: But...but, that's not true!

Ayeka: It is your fault, Ryoko. Admit it!

Tenchi: It's your fault as well, Princess Ayeka.

Ayeka:(surprised) Huh? But, Lord Tenchi, I didn't do....

Tenchi: Save it, Ayeka! Your selfishness cost you the only sister that 
you have!!

	Ayeka was shocked to hear that from Tenchi. She begins to get 
upset and begins to cry. She got up and leaves the rest heading for her 
room.

Tenchi: Wait, Ayeka! I'm sorry for what...(sighs)

Washu: Tell us what to do, Tenchi.

Tenchi: For now, I need you to repair that machine as soon as possible.

Washu: Gotcha!

Tenchi: Ryoko, you help as well since the mess was caused by you.

Ryoko:(gulped) Okay, Tenchi.

Tenchi: I'll go talk to Ayeka and try to calm her down.

	Once that was done, everyone did their duty for the time being. 
Meanwhile, Tenchi heads for Ayeka's room where she locked herself in.

Tenchi: Ayeka, it's me. Can we talk?

	There was silence for a moment.

Tenchi: Please, Ayeka. I...need to talk to privately so that we can 
discuss on some things.

	Tenchi still waited for an answer or something to see if Ayeka 
will listen to reason. Tenchi sighed and took a couple of steps away 
from the door. Then, the door locks were heard indicating that Ayeka 
was inside the room. Tenchi turned around and Ayeka opened the door. 
Tenchi went inside and closed the door behind him.

Tenchi: Thank you, Ayeka.

Ayeka:(sad look) You...you were right, Lord Tenchi.

Tenchi: Huh? No. I was way out of line back there. It's just that 
Sasami was gone and the emotional side of me rises up and....well, you 
know the rest.

	Ayeka sat on her bed.

Ayeka: I see.

Tenchi: Listen. It maybe true that you have some part of the machines 
malfunction, but I didn't mean to say that you cost your sister's life. 
I tried to tell you to cool down between you and Ryoko. But, you 
couldn't listen, would you?

Ayeka: Well, it was Ryoko's fault and I let my emotions get the best of 
me and...(cries)...and here comes Sasami looking for me when I 
should've stopped fighting and went to bed. But, I didn't. What kind of 
a sister am I to Sasami?!

Tenchi: A great sister. Sasami would understand what you went through 
that night. You may think that it's your fault, but it's really that 
machine or maybe Mihoshi, but that's awhole different subject. Look, 
the point is, you can't blame yourself for what happened to Sasami. 
Things happen and there's no way to avoid it.

Ayeka: I kind of understand.

Tenchi: Well, I'm glad you do. Now, cheer up. We will get Sasami back 
one way or the other, okay?

Ayeka:(smiles) Right.

Tenchi: Great. Now, let's go see Washu and see if she can solve the 
situation with the Traveler XGP.

	Ayeka was happy to finally get things straight with her and 
Tenchi. They headed for Washu's lab to see what the status on the 
machine. Meanwhile, Sasami was going through the portal which was 
taking her to wherever it takes her. Then, the door opens and Sasami 
with Ryo-Ohki falls out and lands on the ground. The door closes up and 
Sasami realizes that she was out of the portal and in a place that she 
doesn't recognize at all.

Sasami: Uhh,....what a ride, wouldn't you say, Ryo-Ohki?

Ryo-Ohki: Meow.

Sasami: Where are we? I don't remember this place.

	Sasami got up and heads for the nearest exit. It turns out to be 
a house that Sasami came out of.

Sasami: What happened to this house? It looked abandoned for a long 
time.

	Sasami looks over this house to see what caused it to turn out 
this way.

Sasami: I don't like this one bit, Ryo-Ohki. Huh?

	Out of the corner of her eye, Sasami spots something under some 
rubble. She heads for it and pulled it out from the pile of dead wood.

Sasami: A cooking pan? This must've been someone's home before 
something burned it down.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow? Meow!

Sasami: Huh? What is it Ryo-Ohki?

	Sasami looks where Ryo-Ohki is looking and sees something very 
familiar.

Sasami:(gasped) Is that a....Karaoke machine?

	She ran towards it to look at it closely. She looked it over and 
notices some scratch marks on the side.

Sasami: Hmm. This Karaoke machine has scratch marks just like the 
one....(gasped) like the one at Tenchi's home. But, if this is the 
Karaoke machine that is in Tenchi's home, then that means that this 
house was Tenchi's? But, that's impossible! How did it turned out like 
this?

Ryo-Ohki: Meow.

Sasami: What is it that you found this time, Ryo-Ohki?

	Ryo-Ohki lead the way for Sasami to follow as Ryo-Ohki lead her 
to the upstairs section, but there is no roof. But, it had a good view 
of what Sasami saw next.

Sasami: What in the world?!

	In front of Sasami and Ryo-Ohki was a city that looked futuristic 
and in the center of the city was a giant empire building with spot 
lights just shining off of it.

Sasami: This is getting too weird, Ryo-Ohki. But, we have to find out 
what's going on here.

	Sasami made up her mind and left the house and headed for the 
city. It took Sasami some time to get into the city without anyone 
seeing her. The whole city looked civilized as some buildings looked 
new and some look old and abandoned.

Sasami: We certainly aren't in Japan anymore, Ryo-Ohki.

	A rustling noise begins to rise as Sasami hears something coming 
this way. She didn't know what it was, but she is willing to ask some 
questions around here. In the sky, a ship was floating above the city, 
but this ship wasn't any ordinary ship. This ship looked like Ryo-Ohki 
when she transform into a spaceship. Before the ship was almost near 
her location and Sasami was about to call out to it, a mysterious 
figure comes out of nowhere and grabs her just before the spot light of 
the ship comes around near the area. It didn't pick them up so it went 
on its way moving towards another section of the city.

Person: Shh. If you want to live, you have to keep your voice down, 
okay?

	Sasami shook her head.

Person: Alright. I'm going to let you go now. Promise you won't run 
away after do, okay?

	The person released its grip on Sasami and Sasami went on the 
opposite side of the alley.

Sasami: Why did you do that? I was trying to reach someone who was on 
that ship.

Person: Are you crazy? That person works for Empress Ayeka of Jurai.

Sasami: Empress Ayeka? You mean Princess Ayeka, right?

Person: No. It's Empress....wait. That voice of yours. It's couldn't 
be. Are you, by any chance, be Princess Sasami?

Sasami: Ye...yes. Why do you ask? Who are you?

	Just then, the figure comes out from the shadows and to Sasami's 
surprisement, the person was non other than Ryoko herself.

Sasami: Ryoko?! Is this for real?!

Ryoko: It is you, Sasami and that's Ryo-Ohki! But, where's Tenchi?

Sasami: That's what I want to know. Where is he?

Ryoko: Huh? What are you talking about? Tenchi was last seen with you. 
But, that was a few years ago.

Sasami: Hold on. I don't understand. What's going on here and how did 
my sister become some sort of Empress?

Ryoko: It's not safe out here. Follow me.

	Sasami didn't know on what to do, but she wanted answers. So, she 
follows Ryoko who wore old clothes which were rag and all. In time, 
they went into a underground lair where people are living. Most of the 
people looked homeless and sick. Sasami was sad to see people like 
this.

Sasami: What is all this?

Ryoko: The last bit of humanity that is resisting Empress Ayeka.

Sasami: Hold on. Tell me, Ryoko. How all of this happen and where did 
Tenchi go?

Ryoko:(sighs) Well, it was a long time ago that I will never forget. It 
was a typical morning and everything was running smoothly as ever. 
Then, a call came in that was directly to Ayeka.

	Then, a flashback moment begins. The senario was around Tenchi's 
household. Everyone was inside as the call came in on Washu's computer.

Washu: Ayeka, someone is calling you.

Ayeka: Calling me? Who's it from?

Washu: Don't know. It's meant to be for you.

Ayeka: Okay.
	
Ryoko:(narrating) The call came from Jurai. Something really had her 
jumping for joy as she came back upstairs.

Ayeka:(cheerful) Sasami? Where are you?

Sasami: Right here, sis. What is it?

Ayeka: We just had a call from Jurai. They want you to return so that 
you can represent a certain representatives on Jurai.

Sasami: They want me?

Ayeka: Yes. I think it would be wise to go.

Sasami: I don't know. It may take forever to reach there and back.

	Tenchi then walks in.

Tenchi: Don't worry, Sasami. Whatever this thing is on Jurai, I'm sure 
you can handle it.

Sasami: You really think so?

Tenchi: I know so and just to make you feel safe, I guess I can take a 
vacation to Jurai.

Ayeka: What? But, I don't think they can let you in, Tenchi.

Tenchi:(smiles) I'm sure Sasami can get me through the gates, right?

Sasami: Sure.

Ryoko:(narrating) So, Sasami and Tenchi were planning to go to Jurai 
and see what Jurai had to offer for Princess Sasami. After packing 
things up, you used Ryo-Ohki to take you to Jurai in no time. You both 
said your good-byes and left for Jurai. But, as time passes, so did the 
days and knowing that it shouldn't take days, Ayeka began to worry. So, 
she asked Kiyone and Mihoshi to find out anything at the Galaxy Police 
HQ. What happened next, I will definitely not forget.

Washu: Any word from Kiyone?

Ayeka: No. 

Washu: Don't worry, Ayeka. We will have the answer soon enough.

Ayeka: I hope so.

Ryoko:(narrating) There was a knock at the door. Ayeka hurries to the 
door and answers it. It was Kiyone who didn't look happy.

Ayeka: Kiyone? What is it that you found out?

Kiyone: I wish I didn't have to tell you this, Princess. But,....I just 
read a report which was put up 4 days ago and the report read that a 
spaceship was destroyed by powerful outlaws. The spaceship still 
floated in space, so I was in the rescue crew to see if the ship had a 
crew. 

Ayeka: And?

Kiyone: Well, when we got there, we scanned for any life forms on the 
ship. There was two and the two life forms on that ship were...(cries) 
I can't!

Ayeka: Kiyone, who was on the ship?

Kiyone: It was....Princess Sasami and Tenchi Masaki.

Ryoko:(narrating) After hearing that, Ayeka's life has changed forever.

Ayeka: No. This can't be? Tell me that you are wrong.

Kiyone: I wish! But, it is true. Sasami and Tenchi are dead!

Ayeka: NO!!!! It can't be true!!! It isn't!!!

Kiyone: I also found out, Ayeka, that the call from Jurai wasn't a call 
from Jurai.

Ayeka: What?!?! But, if Jurai didn't sent it, who did?

Kiyone: Some petty human outlaws! I'm sorry, Ayeka. I'm truly sorry!

Ryoko:(narrating) I didn't come in until after the announcement. I 
asked what happened and Washu filled me in. I was heart broken. The man 
I love so much is now gone for good. But, Ayeka took this announcement 
pretty bad as she turned her sadness into anger.

Ayeka:(furious look) Lord Tenchi's death shall not be in vein. I shall 
see to it that all humans pay for killing my Lord Tenchi!!

Washu: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Ayeka. You sound like you declared war or 
something.

Ayeka: I am!

Ryoko: But, you can't go out there and destroy awhole civilization!!

Ayeka: Why, can't I?! They made the first move by killing not only my 
sister Sasami, but Lord Tenchi. He never did nothing wrong and look 
where he is now, floating lifeless in space!!!

	Ryoko grabbed onto Ayeka's shoulders.

Ryoko: Ayeka, listen to yourself. You can't do this! Tenchi doesn't 
want you to do this! Sure, justice should be served, but this is not 
justice, it's like taking power into your own hands!

Ayeka: And since when you became the voice of reason, space pirate! 

Ryoko: What are you talking about? I'm just trying to stop you from 
doing something that you will regret!

Ayeka: No, Ryoko. You won't stop me from having my revenge! I shall 
start my attack at this moment. Kiyone, are you with me or against me?

Kiyone: Huh? Ayeka, what are you planning on doing?

Ayeka: Starting a war. I may need you and Mihoshi's assistance to be my 
gate keepers.

Kiyone: Gate keepers? 

Ayeka: Yes. If you go against me, I can have you arrested for ploting 
an assassination against me. The choice is yours, Kiyone. What will it 
be?

Kiyone:(kneels to her) I'm with you, Princess Ayeka.

Ayeka:(smiles devilishly) Good. Washu?

Washu: Huh?

Ayeka: I need your scientific genius mind to build me an army of 
weapons that I want to have against the enemy. If you help me, I'm sure 
I'll try to have you become the greatest scientist in the universe and 
beyond. Be on my side and Tenchi's death shall be avenged.

Ryoko: Washu, don't listen to her! She's not herself today!

Ayeka:(growls) I heard enough from you, Ryoko! Azaka, Kamadake!

	Ayeka's guardians appear next to her. 

Ayeka: Use a force field and surround Ryoko with everything you got! 

Azaka: But, Princess Ayeka, are you sure?

Ayeka: Yes, I am. Now, do what you are told!

Kamadake: Yes, ma'am.

	The flashback moment ends.

Ryoko: Ayeka sent her guardians to surround me so that she wouldn't 
listen to me. Washu didn't really have a choice, but since she got 
tempted to become a greater scientist than she is now, it was something 
that she couldn't turn down. So, she joined Ayeka and her little gang. 
With now Washu on her side, she thought about asking me, but she 
considered me as a weakling. How dare she!! I had feelings towards 
Tenchi and now that he is gone, she went off and does this to the 
world. She decided to send me to a far off place so that I won't be in 
her way of creating her own domain. After that, I pretty much not 
remember awhole lot other than the battles we tried to invade her 
empire. 

Sasami: But, who was in that ship that flown by earlier ago?

Ryoko: Somehow, Empress Ayeka has gotten Nagi, the bounty hunter. That 
ship was Ken-Ohki, her spaceship. 

Sasami: Oh, no! I was going to make contact to...Nagi? This can't be 
happening!!

Ryoko: But, it is. We are at war here and there are people who is still 
rebelling against Empress Ayeka's commend! They look up to me because I 
know this person well. If something happens to me, the war is over. I 
can't afford to die for these people who look up to me as a warrior!

Sasami: Have you came up with a plan or something to invade the empire?

Ryoko: Not yet. We are simply planning out our strategy in order to 
penetrate the base.

Sasami: Is Washu still with Ayeka?

Ryoko: Yeah. She's the head scientist of weaponry. Washu creates 
powerful weapons. Weapons we can't stand up to. If we had something 
like that, it would be an equal fight!

Sasami: What about Kiyone and Mihoshi?

Ryoko: We don't see much of them except on a monthly basis. They are 
the Earth's gate keepers as I said earlier in the story. Basically, 
they stand guard at the entrance and allows nothing to go in or out of 
the Earth's atmosphere without Empress Ayeka's permission.

Sasami: After Ayeka gathered an army, you mean to tell me that Ayeka 
took over this area and the entire planet?

Ryoko: Yeah, she did. Washu created machines that would destroy any 
city that wouldn't bow down to Ayeka's wishes. Anyone who did submit to 
Ayeka's power becomes her prisoner. Whoever doesn't submit will die in 
a heartbeat.

Sasami: All of this happened because me and Tenchi died in space.

Ryoko: That's one way putting it.

Sasami:(sighs) Wait a minute. What if I go see my sister and tell her 
to stop all of this?

Ryoko: No way! That is totally out of the question!

Sasami: It might be, but it's our only chance the human race has got!

Ryoko: We can't afford to do something like this! If you get captured, 
they will kill you!

Sasami: No they won't. If they look at me, they will realize that it is 
me. 

Ryoko: Sorry, Sasami. I can't do it! You have listen to reason. Until 
we come up with something, you are not to leave, okay?

Sasami: Okay.

Ryoko:(smiles) Good. You know, I kind of miss the old Sasami. Mind 
cooking up something good to eat?

Sasami: For you, sure!

	Sasami was happy to help the people that are hiding from Ayeka's 
attack. But, deep in the back of her mind, she knows that the only way 
to stop this mindless war is to see her sister face to face. Elsewhere, 
deep in the darkest part of the empire building, Empress Ayeka sits on 
her throne with Azaka and Kamadake by her side. 

Ayeka: Azaka, any word from Washu on the latest capture of humans?

Azaka: Not yet, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: I want to know if we have finally captured that pirate Ryoko.

Kamadake: Don't worry, Empress. We will have her soon enough.

Ayeka: We better.

	Soon, the entrance door to her throne room opens and in come the 
bounty hunter, Nagi with Ken-Ohki on her shoulder.

Nagi: Empress Ayeka. I have returned from scanning the city.

Ayeka: And what have you found out, Nagi?

Nagi: Nothing that will aide us in the war, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: You found nothing?!

Nagi: Not a thing, Empress.

Ayeka: Those wretched humans are hiding from me. If they won't show 
themselves, then I will do it for them!

Kamadake: How are you going to do it, Empress Ayeka?

Ayeka:(smiles) Simple. Send out a couple of flyers and shootout the 
buildings that are still standing. Chances are they might be in them.

Nagi: Shall I lead the army for you, Empress?

Ayeka: You can. 

	Soon, Washu comes in with a lab coat on and a pair of goggles on.

Washu: Washu reporting to Empress Ayeka with the latest count.

Ayeka: And?

Washu: So far we gotten 100 more humans who rebel against you.

Ayeka: Did you spot Ryoko in that pile?

Washu: Not exactly, Empress. But, we will have her soon enough.

Ayeka: This war has gone far enough! Ryoko is hiding from me! Washu, 
have the flyers armed to the bone, you hear me?!

Washu: Loud and clear, Empress.

Ayeka: Nagi, you will lead the charge of the flyers into the city. 
Destroy anything that is still standing on its last limb! Now, go and 
do it in the name of Empress Ayeka!!

Azaka: Hail, Empress Ayeka!!

Kamadake: Hail, Empress Ayeka!!

Nagi and Washu: Hail, Empress Ayeka!!

	The war was far from over in this time as Empress Ayeka sends her 
troops into the city to drive out the human rebellion leader, Ryoko. 
Back in the present time, Tenchi still awaited for Washu to finish up 
the work on the Travler XGP.

Tenchi: How much longer, Washu?

Washu: Just a few more minutes. 

Ryoko: How did you find the equipment for this, Washu?

Washu: Well, it's amazing what you can find on Ebay.com!

Tenchi:(raindrop over his head) Oh. You've been on that site again, 
haven't you?

Washu: Yeah. Isn't the internet wonderful?

	Just a few more wires screwed in and....

Washu: It's done!

Kiyone: Great! Now, we can locate Sasami.

Washu: I hope so. Here goes!

	Washu starts the machine up and awaited for it to run smoothly. 
It did and the screen above the console appeared.

Washu: Okay. The screen is up and is operational. Now, what I need is 
to input the data so that it will know what to look for.

Tenchi: How long will that take?

Washu: A half hour at least.

Ayeka: If you may excuse me, Lord Tenchi, I would like to go somewhere 
for a minute alone.

Tenchi: Huh? Are you sure?

Ayeka: Yes. I'll be back shortly.

Tenchi: Okay. You take care of yourself and don't end up lost.

	Ayeka left Washu's lab and the house to go into the forest. She 
heads for the Jurai tree that was in the middle of the lake. She had a 
worried look on her face knowing that she is empty without her sister.

Ayeka:(thinking) Oh, Sasami. I'm so sorry for what happened to you. I 
just hope that you find it in your heart to forgive me when you come 
back.

Tsunami: Don't cry, Princess Ayeka.

Ayeka: Huh?

	Appearing over the water was the other part of Sasami, Tsunami.

Ayeka: Tsunami? What brings you here?

Tsunami: I heard your mind speak of sadness. It's Sasami, correct?

Ayeka: Yes. She has disappeared into a unknown world and....It's all my 
fault!

Tsunami: You can't blame for your actions, Princess Ayeka. As time 
progresses, so does life. What happens in life is natural. There is no 
way to stop it nor halt it. It flows like a river letting the 
unexpected happen. The situation that you had was the unexpected. There 
was nothing for you to do. Washu, Ryoko and the rest couldn't save 
Sasami because they will become victims as well.

Ayeka: I understand what you are saying, Tsunami. But, there's just 
this certain guilt in my heart knowing that I may never be the same 
after seeing my sister enter that doorway.

Tsunami: All I can say now, Princess, is that you have friends who 
won't let you down even at the darkest times. They will help you get 
through the toughest situations. Without them, then you would 
definitely feel alone and afraid.

Ayeka: I finally understand your words, Tsunami. I thank you for your 
comments and getting me straighten out. I must return to Washu's lab 
and see if they found my sister yet.

	After that, Ayeka left and headed back to Tenchi's household. 
Tsunami disappeared over the lake after she left. Ayeka finally arrived 
back home and headed for Washu's lab. Nothing has changed since she 
left as Washu continues to wait for the computer to determine the 
whereabouts of Sasami.

Ayeka: Anything yet, Tenchi?

Tenchi: No. Nothing yet from Washu. 

Ayeka: Well, I'm positive that Sasami is out there somewhere.

Tenchi: I believe she's alive, too. Sasami will survive wherever she 
is.

Ryoko: We will find her! That I can promise you.

Washu: Success! The computer has found her location!

Tenchi: About time. What does it say?

Washu: According to the sensors, Sasami went to a different place and a 
complete different time.

Ayeka: Where exactly?

Washu: Checking it out right now.

	Washu types in the command and in seconds the answer was shown.

Washu: Huh? This is weird.

Tenchi: What is, Miss Washu?

Washu: It says that Sasami is here, but a complete different time.

Ayeka: Say what?

Washu: This can't be right. Something isn't right.

Ryoko: You darn right it is. Perhaps you forgot something while fixing 
this.

Washu: Doubtful. I did a complete scan on this machine after I fixed 
it.

	Washu types in the command again and the answer still comes up 
with the same.

Washu: Well, the Traveler XGP can't be proven wrong, so I guess that 
the answer is right. Sasami is somewhere in time, but the location is 
here.

Tenchi: What if she was in a complete different universe. Remember, 
Washu, you use your interdimensional portal to complete this project of 
yours, right?

Washu: Hmm. You could be right, Tenchi. That might be the reason why 
the location of Sasami was weird.

Kiyone: But, can we still rescue Sasami from wherever she is?

Washu: That will be something I have to figure out myself. In the mean 
time, you guys have to hold out until I come up with a solution.

	Tenchi and the gang had no choice but to leave Washu for the time 
being to figure out a solution to this problem. Back in the future 
time, Ryoko was in a secret station which was in the city of Empress 
Ayeka.

Man #1: Ryoko, word from the underground says that flyers will be 
coming in soon.

Ryoko: What are they planning on doing?

Man #1: Don't know.

Ryoko: Great. Make sure you have the people move somewhere safe until 
the flyers leave.

Man #1: Right.

Sasami: So, here you are.

Ryoko: Huh? Sasami. What are you doing here?

Sasami: Just wanted to see you. I was wondering what you are doing 
here?

Ryoko: Just staking out. Looking for anything that may come our way.

Sasami: I heard of an attack coming soon. Will it hit here?

Ryoko: Don't think so. Ayeka doesn't know our location. So, we will be 
safe for the moment.

Sasami: Um,...I was thinking if you have changed your mind about me 
going to see Ayeka?

Ryoko: What? You still want to do something like that?

Sasami: Yes.

Ryoko: I told you, Sasami, that it's too dangerous. Even if we get you 
in there, we can't guarantee that you will leave out of there alive.

Sasami: I suppose you're right.

Ryoko: Look, I don't want to see you get hurt. I somehow don't want to 
see Sasami getting killed again. 

Sasami: I understand.

Ryoko: Good. Now, head back downstairs. I'll be down there shortly.

	Sasami nodded her head and headed for the stairs. Meanwhile, the 
flyers that are under Empress Ayeka's control are flying over the city 
which is under Ayeka's rule. Nagi leads the flyers into the city that 
is not under Empress Ayeka's control.

Nagi: Estimate time to city: 3 minutes.

	In the spaceship, a big screen came on and displayed Empress 
Ayeka.

Nagi: Yes, my Empress?

Ayeka: Remember, I want the buildings that are still standing 
eliminated! If the human rebellion fire upon you, don't hesitate to 
shoot them down!

Nagi: Understood, Empress Ayeka.

	The flyers were getting close to the last resort that is against 
Empress Ayeka's command. Ryoko spots the flyers coming their way.

Ryoko:(thinking) Ayeka ain't fooling around this time. She even got 
Nagi leading those flying buckets! I better get the gang ready.

	Ryoko went downstairs where Sasami and the rest of the homeless 
people are at.

Ryoko: Listen up!! Empress Ayeka's troops are coming from the sky! It's 
time to stop them at all costs. Carter!

	A man stood up wearing ovarall clothing.

Carter: Yes?

Ryoko: Take the tank and get behind the enemy. Make sure you get target 
lock, but don't fire until I give out the order!

Carter: Yes, ma'am. Steve and Mike, come with me.

	They headed for a different hallway leading to somewhere in the 
base.

Ryoko: The rest of you stay down here. 

Sasami: Ryoko, I have an idea.

Ryoko: Huh? What is it?

Sasami: Take Ryo-Ohki. She can help you against those flyers.

Ryoko: I don't know. 

Man #1: We have to take that chance, Ryoko. Otherwise, we won't end 
this endless war!

Ryoko: Well, why not? Besides, they won't expect an attack from Ryo-
Ohki!

Sasami: You hear that, Ryo-Ohki? You're going to help Ryoko!

Ryo-Ohki: Meow!

	Ryo-Ohki jumped off Sasami's shoulder and lands on Ryoko's right 
shoulder. She went to the other direction heading out while Sasami 
looks on hoping that they will return safely. Back outside, Nagi enters 
the area where people rebel Empress Ayeka. Without them knowing, one of 
the rebels is in command of a tank which is setting up behind them and 
is in a good hiding spot. They await Ryoko's cue to attack.

Carter: Alright, men. Give me target lock.

Joe: Yes, sir. 

Carter: This is Carter reporting target lock acknowledgment. Require 
command to fire.

Ryoko: Hold on, Carter. I'll be joining in as well.

Carter: You are? Where?

Ryoko: Just await for my signal.

	The men waited in the tank for the command to fire. In Ken-Ohki, 
Nagi scans the buildings in her path.

Nagi: What have we here. A couple of buildings just begging to be 
destroyed. Ken-Ohki, prepare all weapons and do the same for the 
flyers.

	Nagi was about to fire onto the city that is still standing.

Nagi: In the name of Empress Ayeka, prepare to be destroyed!!!

Ryoko: Not today, Nagi! Go!!

	Ryo-Ohki exploded out of the ground causing the flyers to move 
out of position. 

Nagi: Wha...what the?!?! 

Ryoko: Seems like old times, Ryo-Ohki. Let's see if you can still 
maneuver the moves that I know. Show them what you got Ryo-Ohki!!!

	Ryo-Ohki uses her ship weapons and fired onto the flyer squad. 
Several of the flyers were destroyed and crashed into the ground. Nagi 
was still leading the pack in her spaceship.

Nagi: Who's firing that...?!(gasped) It can't be!!! Is that...Ryo-
Ohki?!

Ryoko: Carter, fire!!

Carter: Music to my ears, Ryoko.

	Now, Carter in the tank uses its power to destroy the back rank 
of the squad of flyers. There was only two left and Nagi was speechless 
on what to do.

Nagi: They knew! They knew we were coming! But, that's the least of my 
worries right now! I have to report to Empress Ayeka about this and 
tell her something that I think she may not believe! All squadrons that 
are left report back to base on the double!!

	Nagi and the flyers headed back to the empire building. Ryoko and 
the men in the tank celebrated a win. Soon, they all went back to base 
to rest after a good work. Back at the empire, Nagi returns and heads 
for Empress Ayeka's throne room. Washu was by Empress Ayeka's throne 
when Nagi enters the room. 

Ayeka: So, what' the report, Nagi? I trust that the situation has been 
taken care of.

Nagi:(gulps) Not...exactly, my Empress.

Ayeka: Say what?! What do you mean "not exactly"?

Nagi: Well, for some reason, the humans fired upon the squad of flyers 
and myself included. Somehow, I have a feeling that they knew that we 
were coming, but I can't explain how!

Ayeka: All I know is that you can try to find a way to explain it when 
you spend a day in a cell.

Nagi:(sweating bullets) Huh?! My Empress, what for?!?! I did not fail 
you!!!

Ayeka: I shall not here no more excuses from you! Azaka, Kamadake!

	Ayeka's guardians appear next to her.

Ayeka: Take this lowlife to a cell and hold her there for a day.

Azaka and Kamadake: Yes, ma'am.

	Both of them went to the side of Nagi and used their power to 
create a force field surrounding Nagi.

Nagi: No! You can't do this to me!! I haven't fail you at all, Empress!

Ayeka: Continue on with this rambling and you can kiss your life good-
bye!

Nagi: Listen, Ryoko used something against me while fighting the 
flyers!

Ayeka: Ryoko couldn't defeat an army of flyers just by herself!

Nagi: True, but for some reason, she has a spaceship that resembles 
Ryo-Ohki!!

	Then, Ayeka's eyes were stunned after hearing that from Nagi.

Ayeka: Azaka, Kamadake. Hold on for just a minute.

Azaka: Yes, your highness.

Ayeka: Nagi, tell me again what you saw.

Nagi: I don't lie to you, Empress Ayeka. What was battling me and the 
flyers was a ship that resembles Ryo-Ohki.

Washu: But, that's impossible! Ryo-Ohki was nothing but a dead ship 
containing....well, that's none of your business!

Ayeka: Washu's right. There's no need to bring up something from the 
past! What's done is done and can't be fixed. Nagi, I shall spare your 
life this time, but fail me again and I shall send you to oblivion!

Nagi: I shall not fail you, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: Leave me.

	Nagi didn't have to be told twice. She got up and headed for the 
nearest exit. Empress Ayeka headed for her throne and sat down with 
Washu by her side.

Washu: What if she's right, Ayeka. What if the ship really was Ryo-
Ohki?

Ayeka: I really don't want to even think about it, Washu. However, if 
Ryoko did somehow get a ship that looks like Ryo-Ohki, I need to know. 
Do you think we should do a little undercover work?

Washu: If you're implying that we should have someone locate Ryoko and 
find out the secrets,(smiles devishly) then count me in. 

Ayeka: That's what I thought. I'm glad you will do it for us, Washu.

Washu:(shocked look) Huh?! But, I didn't say I was going to do this!

Ayeka:(raises an eyebrow) You dare go against your Empress's wishes?

Washu:(sighs) No, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: Good. Do find a good disguise to infiltrate Ryoko's rebellion.

Washu: Yes, my Empress.

Ayeka:(thinking) Could it be possible? Is....Sasami alive? 

	Empress Ayeka continues to ponder whether or not the ship was 
Ryo-Ohki. Back in the present time, Tenchi and the girls are trying to 
figure out how to save Sasami from a complete different time. 

Ryoko: Anyone got any bright ideas or what?

Ayeka: At this time, I don't know. But, we have to come up with 
something so that we can go save Sasami.

Kiyone: Don't worry, Ayeka. We will get Sasami back. We just have to 
figure out how.

Tenchi: This may sound abit far fetched, but it's the only option I can 
think of.

Ryoko: What, Tenchi?

Tenchi: If we send something into the doorway, it may land at the exact 
place where Sasami went. 

Ayeka: Well, what should we use to go save Sasami?

Tenchi: I think it would be best if I go and rescue Sasami.

Ryoko: Huh? Wait a minute! You're saying that you want to go into a 
unknown place and rescue Sasami?

Tenchi: It's the best thing I can think of, Ryoko. Anything else won't 
guarantee the return of Sasami.

Kiyone: That seems reasonable.

Ayeka: I don't want you to this, Tenchi! It's way too dangerous!

Tenchi: Ayeka, I understand. But, I have to go save Sasami at any cost.

Ryoko: Hold on! Who says you can go and rescue Sasami? If you go, then 
all of us are going!

Tenchi: Believe me, Ryoko. I'm behind you a 100%, but that plan won't 
work. If all of us goes, then you would get injured or worse in a place 
we don't know about. It would be best if one person goes into the 
doorway and save Sasami.

Kiyone: Let's say that you do go, Tenchi. If you find Sasami, how on 
earth are you going to get back?!

	Tenchi was thinking about that for a moment.

Tenchi: You do have a point, Kiyone. I didn't really thought of that. 
Perhaps Washu may have an answer after we explain to her of our plan.

Ryoko: I really think it's a good plan, Tenchi. It's just too risky!

Ayeka: I have to agree Ryoko on this one. 

Tenchi: But, we don't have a choice, Ayeka. We have to use whatever we 
can think of to go save Sasami. If we don't, then she's gone forever.

Ayeka:(sighs) I....will go along with your idea, Tenchi.

Ryoko: Are you sure, Ayeka?

Ayeka: We have to do whatever it takes to get Sasami back.

Kiyone: I'm with Tenchi. We have no other options to think of that will 
work in rescuing Sasami.

Ryoko: Well, if everyone is agreeing to Tenchi's plan, then I guess I 
have to as well.

Tenchi: Great! Let's go back to Washu's lab and tell her of our 
decision.

	Everyone headed to Washu's lab so that they can explain their 
plan in rescuing Sasami. Back in the future time, Washu is working on 
something that can help her get into Ryoko's rebellion.

Washu: I got to think of something before I get my goose cooked! How 
can I find Ryoko's rebellion if I'm not a rebel? 

	Then, Kamadake, one of Ayeka's guardians, enters the lab.

Kamadake: Empress Ayeka would like to know your plan to enter Ryoko's 
rebellion.

Washu: I haven't thought of anything yet. 

Kamadake: Pity. Empress Ayeka doesn't want to her something like that. 
Should I report that to her?

Washu: No! Don't go telling her that! I need something that will help 
me for this mission of mine.

Kamadake: If I may suggest, you can go into the cell area where those 
prisoners are at. Hopefully, one of those humans will know the location 
of Ryoko's rebellion.

Washu: Hey, that's not a bad idea! Glad I thought of it!!

Kamadake:(raindrop over its head) Well,....I can't agrue with that.

Washu: Since you are here with me, come along. I may need you for 
something just in case.

	Washu and Kamadake heads for the area where all the humans are 
captured by Empress Ayeka. Washu goes through the hallway as she looks 
left and right at the cells that contain the prisoners. She looks 
carefully so that she can find the right one. Then, out of the corner 
of her eye, she spots someone worth punishing.

Washu: Open this cell.

Kamadake: Right.

	The door opens and the prisoner that she was looking at was 
chained to the wall.

Washu: Kamadake, give me the stats on this person.

Kamadake: Name: Troy Smith. Male. 6'4" and 240 pounds.

Washu: Hmm. Seems like the perfect person to talk to.

Troy: You won't get anything out of me, you wench!

Washu: A wench, am I?! Well, we will see how you are when I punish you 
extremely!

	Soon, a baby cries which was next to the prisoner.

Woman: Troy, the baby.

Washu: Hmm?

Troy: Man. 

Washu:(smiles) Well, I see we have a family down here. This definitely 
changes everything. Instead of taking you, I just take the baby 
instead!

	Washu grabs the baby out of the woman's arms.

Troy: No! Don't take our son!

Washu: Are you going to cooperate or should I take your son?

Troy: If you take me, can you leave my wife and son alone?

Washu: I can't promise you anything, but you can take my word for it.

Troy: Somehow, your word means nothing to me. But, I don't have a 
choice. Alright, you got me.

Washu: Good. Kamadake, make sure you tie him up good and have him in my 
lab immediately.

Kamadake: Yes, Washu.

	Washu hands the baby back and heads for her lab. Meanwhile at the 
base, Ryoko heads for her chambers to relax after a hard fought battle. 
She had Ryo-Ohki on her shoulder as she enters her room. Once she lied 
down, she heard a knocking at the door.

Ryoko:(groans) Who is it?

Sasami: It's me.

Ryoko: Oh. Come on in, Sasami.

	Sasami enters Ryoko's chamber.

Sasami: I brought some food just in case you were hungry.

Ryoko: That's nice of you, Sasami.

Sasami: So, how was the battle out there?

Ryoko: Well, it was very strange heading into battle. But, I managed 
and survived.

Sasami: Um,...do you think Ayeka was in one of those ships?

Ryoko:(laughing) I doubt it, Sasami. The last time Ayeka tried to fly, 
she ended up crashing and she never left the ground!!!

Sasami: Oh. That does seem weird to ask.

Ryoko: But, seriously. I don't think she was. To be honest, I think 
most of the time she spends in that throne room of hers acting all 
tough and stuff.

Sasami: I still don't believe Ayeka would do such things. I mean, the 
Ayeka I know wouldn't even hurt a fly. 

Ryoko: That Ayeka is gone, Sasami. If there's any of the old Ayeka, it 
would be buried deep inside of Empress Ayeka for life and it wouldn't 
show.

Sasami: Oh, well. Eat up before it gets cold.

Ryoko:(smiles) Okay, Sasami.

	Sasami sets the tray on the table and leaves. 

Ryoko:(thinking) Sasami really believes that the Ayeka that she knows 
is in that building. As much I want to believe her, there's no way for 
the old Ayeka to rise up out of the mean and powerful Empress Ayeka.

	Back at the present time, Tenchi and the girls reach Washu who 
was still working on the Traveler XGP. They plan on telling her the 
plan that will be the only thing to work to save Sasami.

Washu: So, you planning on going by yourself?

Tenchi: Yes. The girls agreed on it and perhaps you can agree also.

Washu: Well, I really would like you to go rescue Sasami, Tenchi. But, 
there's no way for you to return.

Ryoko: But, there's got to be a way. Can't he open a gateway back to 
here or something?

Washu: Hmm. Now that you mentioned it, I guess it wouldn't hurt to use 
these babies.

	Washu pulls out wrist size machines.

Ayeka: What are those?

Washu: This is the portable doorway opener wrist watch. This is what 
you would probably use when you go to a different time. This is the 
only thing that can bring you back. 

Kiyone: So, if Tenchi wears that, he has a way home?

Washu: That's right.

Tenchi: What about Sasami? Does she needs one as well?

Washu: No. Once you open the gateway, make sure you have her with you. 
The door will close up after you and Sasami enter it.

Tenchi: Great. Now, the next thing I want to ask is how do I find 
Sasami?

Washu: It's possible that if we use whatever information that it had 
when Sasami went through, you can be at the place where she exited out 
of the portal. But, you have to remember where you came out. Once you 
find and rescue Sasami, you have to get back to that same spot and use 
the wrist watch to open that same portal. That portal will take you 
back home.

Tenchi: Somehow, I know this doesn't sound easy.

Washu: It isn't. 

Tenchi: So, when are you ready?

Washu: The machine is up and running. All you have to do is step 
through the doorway.

Tenchi: Right.

	Tenchi looks on as the doorway portal appears.

Ryoko: You be careful, Tenchi.

Tenchi: I will. Just make sure you all stay out of trouble when I get 
back, okay?

Ayeka: We will. Bring back Sasami, Lord Tenchi. 

Tenchi:(smiles) Don't worry, Ayeka. I won't let you down. I promise to 
come back with Sasami or I don't back at all.

Washu: Good luck, Tenchi. We are with you in spirit no matter where you 
go.

Tenchi: You make sure that machine don't break down or anything when we 
be ready to come back.

Washu: I will.

	As Tenchi look on at the girls one last time, he knows that he 
will do everything in his power to find and bring back Princess Sasami, 
Ayeka's little sister. So, he took one deep breath and jumped into the 
portal. Back in the different time, Washu heads for her lab where she 
has one of the prisoner that she found in the cell area. Kamadake was 
right behind him and watching him so that he won't escape.

Washu: So, Troy. I hear, before your capture, that you hang out with 
the other humans.

Troy: Those "humans" are my friends. 

Washu: Right.(clears throat) Anyway, let's get down to the business 
before you do something rational. Do you know any rebels?

Troy: I wish I knew. If I did, I would join the rebellion against that 
no good Empress of yours!(screams)

	Kamadake shocks him with his shocker weapon.

Kamadake: Do not say things like that about Empress Ayeka!

Washu: I should listen to him if I were you. He has a very short 
temper.

Troy: Well, he don't scare me. 

Washu: You may talk big, but you don't act big! Now, tell me the 
location of the Rebellion?!

Troy: I don't know! Like I said, I wish I knew!

Washu: You don't know?

Troy: Yeah!

Washu: Well, according to my files on your so called friends, they have 
a record stating that they were part of Ryoko's rebellion! So, if they 
are your friends and they are part of this rebellion, then they had to 
tell you something!

Troy: I don't know any information from the Rebellion!! I swear I 
don't!

Washu:(growls) You are working on my last nerve, Troy! Either you tell 
me everything that you know or I will send my troops to take out your 
wife and son permanently!

Troy: No! You said that you wouldn't harm them!!

Washu: I did! But, you forced me to use my Trump Card and that card is 
to kill your family!

Troy: No! Don't!

Washu: Kamadake, order the troops to kill his wife and son without 
hesitation!

Troy: Wait!!!!

Washu: Hmm? 

Troy:(whispers) Forgive me.

Washu: What do you want?

Troy: I'll....I'll tell you what you want to know.

Washu: Finally.

	Troy had no choice. He told Washu everything that she wanted to 
know. After a suffering hour in the lab, it was done.

Washu: Well, I do thank you for the information, Troy. 

Troy: Just take me to my family and leave us in peace.

Washu:(smiles and chuckles) Oh, I will leave you in peace. You see, I 
already terminated your wife and son before we started this 
conversation.

Troy:(gasping) No. You cold-blooded killer!

Kamadake: That's enough out of you!!

	Kamadake uses his shocker weapon to shock Troy. He was stunned by 
it, but Kamadake was not stopping. Troy was screaming out in pain as 
Kamadake continues to torture Troy until he breathe his last breath. 
Troy's lifeless body still sat in the chair.

Washu: Take this body out and put it next to his family. He should be 
at peace now with his family.

Kamadake: Yes, Washu.

Washu: Now, to report to Empress Ayeka about this situation and have 
myself ready to go find Ryoko's rebellion.

	Elsewhere, a portal doorway opens up and out comes Tenchi landing 
face first into the ground. 

Tenchi: Boy. I got to tell Washu to have a better place to land. 

	Gets up and brush off the dirt that was on him.

Tenchi: Now, I got to find Sasami. I just hope I find here before 
something crazy happen.

	Tenchi walks out of the place that he landed in and heads to the 
open field. He walked a couple of steps before he turned around and 
recognizes the place. 

Tenchi: Wait a minute! Why does this place remind me of something?

	He ran back inside to see what he what got him curious about this 
place. Then, he saw something that was recognizable.

Tenchi: The Karaoke machine. If this is what I think it is, then was 
this my home?(gasped) Now, I remember. Washu said that Sasami was in a 
different time, but her location was in my house. Somehow, this is, or 
was, my house. But, how did it turn out like this? Well, that will have 
to wait! I got to go find Sasami at all cost. Hmm. That town up ahead 
seems peaceful enough. I guess Sasami went there to be safe for the 
time being.

	Tenchi rushes to get to the city that he saw from the hill site. 
Meanwhile at Empress Ayeka's tower, Washu enters the throne room with a 
grin on her face.

Washu: I have excellent news to tell you, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: You do? Please, tell me.

Washu: Well, I finally have a perfect plan to find out the location of 
the rebellion. I drove it out by getting one of the prisoners in the 
cell area.

Ayeka: Oh.(smiles) That was good. Go on.

Washu: So, I got him in my lab tied up thanks to Kamadake. I told him 
to explain to me the whereabouts of the rebellion and all he could say 
was that he didn't know. So, I told him that I had no choice but to 
take out his wife and son. Then, he turned on the water works and 
spilled his guts out.

Ayeka: Excellent, my dear Washu. I must say that you have done 
everything possible to make that human squeal.

Washu: After I gotten everything that I wanted to hear, he wanted to be 
left alone with his family. I did it alright and took care of his 
family as well.

Ayeka:(gasped) You mean to tell me that you killed the man and his 
family?!?!

Washu: Yup.

Ayeka:(smiles and chuckles) That was brilliant! Pure brilliance, Washu!

Washu: Thank you.

Ayeka: Now that we got the information, What are you planning on doing?

Washu: I came up with an idea that will make my work very easy. I 
created a cyborg that uses a photographic image of any human on this 
planet. I will unleash it to the city and he will do whatever it takes 
to get into the rebellion which is lead by Ryoko. If he gets into it, 
he will transmit any video surveillance and the location of the 
rebellion and send it back to me in my lab.

Ayeka: And how long will this take?

Washu: Hmm. You know what, I haven't thought of that.

Ayeka: I'm not surprised. 

Washu: But, I did came up with a perfect disguise for it.

Ayeka: Show me.

	Washu uses a remote to bring out the cyborg. Then, when it 
appeared, she pushed another button in which it uses a projector and 
uses the image of the guy that Washu tortured to get the information 
from.

Ayeka: Ah. That is a good idea, Washu. Send this out immediately. I can 
tell that the end of Ryoko's rebellion is near.

Washu: Yes, Empress Ayeka.

	The cyborg had its command and left the throne room to do its 
job. Elsewhere, Tenchi walks on the sidewalk of the city trying to find 
Sasami.

Tenchi: Gee. Looks like a war went through this city. Huh?

	Tenchi begins to hear a whirring noise that is coming from the 
sky.

Tenchi: Uh oh!

	Tenchi dodged it and went into an alley. 

Tenchi: That was close.

	Tenchi leaned back against the wall of the building. Then, out of 
nowhere, the wall moved and a doorway was viewed as Tenchi was trying 
to keep his balance. Unfortunately, he couldn't and falls into a slide 
chute which was obviously going down. He continued to scream as he was 
going down to the bottom. He hits bottom pretty hard as he tries to 
stop moving.

Tenchi: Man. That was the weirdest slide ride I've ever been on.

Man: What are you doing here, sonny?

Tenchi: Huh?

	Tenchi looked up and he was with a room filled of some homeless 
people.

Tenchi: Where in the world am I?

Man: You're in a dangerous place, sonny. 

Tenchi: I hope not. Look, I'm kind of searching for someone. Can you 
help me?

Man: Who are you looking for?

Tenchi: I don't know if you seen her. She has blue ponytail hair, red 
freckles, pink eyes and sometimes act like a school girl type.

Man: Hmm. You know what? I heard of someone like that. If you follow 
that trail you will enter another part where more people like us are at 
and I believe this person that you are looking for maybe there.

Tenchi: Thank you.

	Tenchi goes to the pathway that the old man showed him. 
Hopefully, it will lead him to Sasami. It took him some time to get 
there, but he made it. He begins to look around for anything that 
resembles Sasami. He asked a couple of people, but some of them either 
ignored him or not answered back. He was about to lose all hope to find 
Sasami until he spot something that he thinks its Sasami. So, he ran as 
fast as he can to see if it was what he think it was.

Tenchi: Sasami?!

Sasami: Huh? Tenchi, is that you?!

Tenchi: It's me.

Sasami: Oh, Tenchi. It is you!!

	Sasami went up and hug him tightly.

Tenchi: Everyone misses you, Sasami.

Sasami: But, I missed you the most, Tenchi.

Tenchi:(smiles) Don't worry now, Sasami. I'm here.

	Someone from the crowd went to Ryoko's chamber.

Man: Ryoko, someone has entered the Rebellion base!

Ryoko: Who is it?!

Man: I don't know. You better come out and see for yourself.

	Ryoko went with the man to see what the commotion was about. When 
arriving there, she sees something that she thought she wouldn't see 
again.

Ryoko: T...Tenchi?

Tenchi: Huh? Ryoko?!?!

Ryoko:(eyes begin to tear up) It is you!!! 

	Ryoko jumped off the platform and hugs Tenchi.

Ryoko: I'm so glad to see you!! Is this a dream?!

Tenchi: I don't think so. 

Ryoko: I'm so happy to see you again! It's been so long since I had 
this feeling!

Tenchi: What has happened to you, Ryoko and where are the girls and 
what happened to my house?!

Ryoko: Should I tell him or should you?

Sasami: I will.

	Sasami talked to Tenchi what Ryoko told her when she arrived in 
this world. Tenchi heard the part about he and Sasami are dead in space 
and that Princess Ayeka went on a killing spree by destroying 
everything in her path and claiming herself as Empress Ayeka. With 
Washu on her side and Nagi, the bounty hunter, it seems that there is 
nothing to stop her. 

Tenchi: This....this can't be true! Ayeka wouldn't do such things.

Ryoko: But, she does. Your death caused this to happen. I was against 
her for doing this. I told her that doing such things like this 
wouldn't bring Tenchi and Sasami back. But, she wouldn't listen.

Tenchi: And that's when you decided to turn yourself a leader by 
leading the Rebellion, right?

Ryoko: Right. But, even though we have the numbers and such, we aren't 
powerful enough against Empress Ayeka and Washu. They tend to have more 
powerful weapons every time we face them. 

Tenchi: How did Nagi get into all of this?

Ryoko: Ayeka need someone to lead her army. Nagi was a perfect choice 
since she is a bounty hunter and that she hates my guts as well.

Tenchi: Kiyone and Mihoshi are on Ayeka's side?

Sasami: Yeah. They are like these guardians up in space. They protect 
the Earth which is under Ayeka's control and nothing comes in or goes 
out without the Empress permission.

Tenchi: This is wrong! Killing innocent people isn't the way! We have 
to stop her at all cost!

Ryoko: But, how? We tried everything we can do against her defenses.

Tenchi: Then, we have to use a different strategy this time. I guess I 
have to help you with this one, Ryoko.

Sasami: But, Tenchi. Aren't we supposed to head home?

Tenchi: Not now, Sasami. I don't want to leave this place still ruled 
by a ruler who is drunk with power! We have to stop Empress Ayeka at 
all cost.

Ryoko: You're definitely the Tenchi I remember!

Tenchi:(slight chuckle) Thanks, Ryoko.

	After careful thinking, Tenchi decides to postpone the trip back 
home with Sasami until the future that they are in is free from Ayeka's 
grasp. Back at the empire building, Washu continues to monitor her 
cyborg's status.

Washu: Hmm. It appears that my creation is doing its duty.

	Azaka, Empress Ayeka's guardian, enters the lab.

Azaka: Empress Ayeka would like the report on your cyborg, Washu.

Washu: Tell her that we are near our goal of locating the Rebellion!

Azaka: As you wish.

	Azaka turns around to leave the lab.

Washu: Azaka, wait a minute.

Azaka: Huh? What for?

Washu: Tell Ayeka that I will bring up any results that will be 
returned back to here from the cyborg later on.

Azaka: Yes, ma'am.

	Azaka finally leaves.

Washu: Now, to hear the conversation that my cyborg "Troy" is in.

	Washu turns on a switch that has sound activation.

"Troy": So, where is the Rebellion? I need to join up.

Man #1: How come?

"Troy": The Empress took my family away and I want my revenge against 
her.

Man #2: Ha! I like your attitude, man! In fact, I'll take you there 
myself as a sign of unionship and all.

"Troy": Thanks. That would be just fine.

	Washu smiles on as she knows that the location of the Rebellion 
is at close at hand. Meanwhile, Ryoko brings Tenchi to her chamber.

Ryoko: Like it, Tenchi?

Tenchi: Uh,...yeah. I like what you done with the place.

Ryoko:(smiles) I knew you would. Oh, it seems like old times, Tenchi. 
Me and you loving each other to death.

Tenchi: Actually, you love me to death by squeezing me!

Ryoko:(chuckles) True, but you can't deny my love for you. I've been 
dreaming one day that you would return from space and here you are.

Tenchi: Now, hold on. I know you are happy, Ryoko, but listen. I'm not 
the Tenchi you know from this time. I came from a different time and 
place. Washu created a Traveler XGP where you can go anywhere at any 
part in time. Somehow, the girls got into trouble and the machine 
sucked the Sasami that you see out there in the crowd into this time 
area.

Ryoko: I understood Sasami's side of the story and it sounds exactly 
like yours. 

Tenchi: Because it's true! I know I said that I would help you here, 
but after we fix things here, both me and Sasami with Ryo-Ohki has to 
go back into our time. 

Ryoko: But,....you don't have to. I mean, as long as you have something 
that will take you back, right?

Tenchi: Sure, Washu made this device on my wrist, but I can't chance of 
staying here for so long. 

Ryoko: But, I don't want you to leave!

Tenchi: Huh? 

	Tenchi looks on at Ryoko who has tears in her eyes.

Ryoko:(sobs) You may not be the Tenchi from this time, but I still have 
feelings towards you and I cannot bear to lose you again!

Tenchi: You're not going to lose me again, Ryoko! 

Ryoko: If what you say is true, then why do you want to leave once this 
war is over?

Tenchi: I....(sighs) I just have to. I made a promise to Princess Ayeka 
in my time that I would return home with Sasami. Do you want me to 
break a promise?

Ryoko: Well,....not exactly. 

Tenchi: Ryoko,....

	Tenchi gently places his hands on the side of her arms.

Tenchi: ....you know that I wouldn't do anything to hurt you. I care 
for you, even though I don't express it much as you do, but I have to 
make the decision on what is right and wrong and me staying here is 
wrong. You can take my word for it when you ask Sasami if she wanted to 
stay here or go back home where her sister is. I doubt that she wants 
to stay here where her sister is dominating the planet. Do you want her 
to stay in a place like this?

Ryoko:(shakes her head) No. 

Tenchi: Then, you understand what I'm saying.

Ryoko:(sighs) You're right, Tenchi. If I keep you both here, you will 
be in this war against Ayeka forever and that is something I don't want 
on my conscience.

Tenchi: Well, I'm glad we gotten that straighten out.

Ryoko: Yeah.

	She then hugs him.

Ryoko: No wonder I fell in love with you. Those words definitely are 
smooth!

Tenchi:(nervous chuckle) Oh, boy.

	With Tenchi still being in the hands of Ryoko, the cyborg of 
Washu is closing in on the location of the Rebellion base.

"Troy": How much further, friend?

Man #1: Not far. If you like, I can take you to see the leader.

"Troy": That would be just fine, friend.

	The cyborg continues to smile knowing that he is close to 
locating Ryoko and her band of rebels. Back in the Rebellion, Tenchi 
looks around for Sasami. He sees her helping people with the food and 
water.

Tenchi: Are you doing okay, Sasami?

Sasami: Yeah. I just got to hurry and help the people who need food.

Tenchi: Here. Let me help you. I might as well do something around 
here. 

	Tenchi helps Sasami with the trays of food and gives them out to 
the people. Meanwhile, the cyborg was finally in the Rebellion base and 
was taken into the group. The man leaves him with the rebels as he goes 
to get Ryoko.

Man #1: Ryoko. We have a new member who is ready to join us!

Ryoko: Well, the more, the merrier. Take me to him.

	The man takes Ryoko to the place where he left the man who is 
really the cyborg. Once Ryoko got there, the cyborg activated its video 
surveillance which was build inside its head. Washu was seeing all of 
this back at her lab.

Washu:(thinking) That's it. Keep rolling on Ryoko. Soon, we will have 
her in the palm of our hands.(chuckles)

	Ryoko approach the new member with a smile on her face.

Ryoko: Glad for you to join, friend. What's your name?

"Troy": The name's Troy. It's an honor to finally meet the famous 
Ryoko.

Ryoko: Well, I'm not that famous, but I'm flattered.

	Not far from her location, Ryo-Ohki begins to act weird on 
Sasami's shoulder.

Sasami: Huh? Tenchi something is wrong with Ryo-Ohki!

Tenchi: What is it, Ryo-Ohki?

	Ryo-Ohki had its mean and angry look as it looks on over at the 
crowd surrounding Ryoko and the new person.

Tenchi: Ryo-Ohki must sense something over there. 

Sasami: Whatever it is, we have to tell Ryoko.

Tenchi: Right.

	They both hurried to get to Ryoko before anything else happens.

Ryoko: Allow me to shake your hand, Troy.

Sasami: Ryoko, stop!

Ryoko: Huh? What's wrong?

Tenchi: Ryo-Ohki is acting weird, Ryoko.

Ryoko: She is?

	Ryoko looks on at Ryo-Ohki as she is looking over where Troy is.

Ryoko: If I know Ryo-Ohki, something tells me that she senses something 
weird about you, Troy.

"Troy":(chuckles) You shall not live to see the day where Empress Ayeka 
takes over the human race!

	Then, the cyborg unleashes a rapid fire weapon from his arm and 
fires everywhere. Ryoko and the rest had to scramble to dodge the 
attack. They managed to get behind a wall.

Ryoko: Thank god we had Ryo-Ohki. There was no way for us to know that 
was a cyborg.

Tenchi: Who do you think sent it?

Ryoko: My hunches tell me that it was Washu!

Tenchi: Little Washu?!?! 

Ryoko: Mm-hmm.

Tenchi: Well, you have to admit, Washu is getting better on building 
things.

Ryoko: True, but she isn't using them for good nature, if you know what 
I mean.

Sasami: How do we stop this thing? It's going to destroy the whole 
base!

Ryoko: Probably, but I bet that it was ordered to find this place and 
send the location back to the lab.

Tenchi: It succeeded, I tell you that!

Ryoko: But, we can't afford to let it have anymore information 
surrounding our location! We have to stop it! 

Tenchi: Then, I will stop it! 

	Tenchi picks up a lead pipe and headed out to stop the cyborg.

Sasami: Tenchi, come back here!

Tenchi: I have to stop it, Sasami! Ryoko, could you back me on this. 
Try to draw his fire somewhere else.

Ryoko: Right.

	Ryoko did what Tenchi asked her to do. She disappeared and 
reappeared somewhere else in order to get the cyborg's attention. Once 
it saw her, he tried to shoot her. Ryoko disappeared and continued to 
mock him to fire. The plan was working so far as Tenchi was getting 
closer to hit him. When the opportunity was open, Tenchi leaped into 
the air and uses the pipe to hit the cyborg right upside the head. This 
caused the circuitry to malfunction and causes his projector to shut 
down. It exposesd its true self and sees Tenchi in its sights.

Tenchi: Uh-oh. I think I made it mad.

Cyborg: Terminate all intruders!

Ryoko: Tenchi, duck!

	Ryoko threw a manhole cover at the cyborg. it hits him causing it 
to fall face first. Tenchi ducked just in time before the manhole cover 
came at him. Ryoko quickly gotten above the cyborg and used her power 
to blow the main source of its power, the body. As it did, the head 
flies away from the group and lands on the side of its head. The video 
camera was still working as it was recording the last picture from its 
view. 

Ryoko: That takes care of that problem.

Tenchi: We better get rid of all this before it restructs itself 
together or something.

Ryoko: No. I doubt its capable of doing that, but we shouldn't take 
chances.

Sasami: What should we do know, Ryoko?

Ryoko: For now, prepare ourselves. Because if that cyborg was able to 
transmit anything back to Washu, you can bet that Empress Ayeka will 
come at us full charge.

Tenchi: Then, we have to get ready. Do you have any weapons, Ryoko?

Ryoko: I got a couple weapons plus one tank. Why?

Tenchi: Try to gather as much men who are willing to protect this base, 
Ryoko. Because I got a plan that needs to be told.

Ryoko:(smiles) Right.

	Ryoko told some people to take out the garbage so that it 
wouldn't cause anymore trouble. Back at the lab, Washu was going over 
the last bit of video surveillance that the cyborg had before it was 
destroyed by Ryoko.

Washu: Darn that Ryoko! Destroying my beautiful cyborg. It took me 
months to build that thing and now she wasted it in seconds. Well, she 
will pay with her life once I unscramble the last bit of video that was 
sent back here by my cyborg.

	Washu carefully scans the video for anything useful. As time 
progresses, she watches the very last bit of information that the 
cyborg had recorded. Washu then suddenly gotten out of her chair in a 
panicked way as she had a shocked look on her face. She couldn't 
believe what she was seeing on the screen in front of her. Nagi soon 
enters Washu's lab.

Nagi: Washu, do you have that weapon of mine....? Huh?

	She sees Washu just standing in front of her desk and acting 
petrified.

Nagi: Washu, what's wrong?!

Washu: I...it's impossible!

Nagi: What is?!

Washu: It just can't be true?!?!

Nagi: Washu, what's the matter?! What can't be true?!

Washu: Tenchi and Sasami! They are alive!!

Nagi: Wha...what?!?! That's impossible! Those two died in space! You 
know that!!

Washu: I do!! But, explain THAT to me!!!

	Washu points to the screen on her desk which is viewing the video 
image that the cyborg recorded and on the screen were two people and it 
turns out to be Tenchi and Sasami.

Nagi: Huh?! Is this true, Washu?!

Washu: It maybe true! There's no denying it!!

Nagi: But, how are you going to tell the Empress? She wants a report on 
this and she may have to see this!

Washu: I know! I just have to figure this out before that time comes.

	Just then, Kamadake enters.

Kamadake: Washu, Empress Ayeka would like you to report to the throne 
room. She wants a full report on the cyborg.

Washu:(gulps) Okay.

Nagi: You better think something up. You don't have that much time.

Washu: Don't remind me!

	Back at the Rebellion base, Ryoko gathered some men who will be 
helping out in this plan that Tenchi has in mind. 

Ryoko: This is the best people I can gather, Tenchi.

Tenchi: Good enough. Now, here's my plan. We may need to attack Ayeka's 
building head-on!

Man #1: What?!?! That's suicide!

Man #2: Yeah. I think the Empress will be expecting that from us!

Tenchi: True. But, while she is worried about the attack from the 
front, Ryoko and myself will go into the back and try to find the 
prisoners that Ayeka has. If we free them, then its possible that we 
may have the advantage against Ayeka.

Ryoko: That sounds pretty far fetched, Tenchi. Besides, Ayeka will have 
cameras at every corner of her building. 

Tenchi: So does? Hmm. Then, we may have to get in there in different 
way.

Sasami: How?

Ryoko: I got it! 

Tenchi: What?

Ryoko: The flyers that attacked us earlier. One of them is out there 
and it's possible that we can rebuild it.

Tenchi: Can you fix it?

Ryoko: There are some people who can fix stuff like that. If we fix it, 
we can use it to fly into the building and expose the Empress from the 
inside.

Tenchi: Well, I have to admit, that does sound like a better plan than 
I had.

Ryoko:(smiles) Then it's settled. We get the flyer, fix it, and get 
into Ayeka's building with authority!

Tenchi: Right. Let's go do this.

	Ryoko and the rest of the guys agrees on a plan that might work 
against Empress Ayeka and her forces. Meanwhile, Empress Ayeka awaited 
for Washu's report. Then, the doors open and in comes Washu and Nagi. 
Washu has a worried look on her face knowing that she saw something 
that she thought she wouldn't see again.

Ayeka: Washu, about time you got here. What's the report on the 
cyborg's status on infiltrating the base?

Washu:(nervous speaking) Um,....Ayeka...you see....

Ayeka: What's wrong with you? You look like you seen a ghost.

Nagi: You're not far off the truth, Empress.

Ayeka: Huh? What on earth are you talking about?

Washu: Empress Ayeka, I've gotten video footage from my cyborg and...it 
did enter the base which is in Ryoko's command.

Ayeka: Oh.(smiles) Do you have the complete footage of the location?

Washu:(sweating) I do. But, you have to see it to believe it.

Ayeka: Fine. Give the disk to Azaka and he will do the rest.

Nagi: Uh, Empress Ayeka, do you think we should just hear this from 
Washu first?

Washu: What are you doing?

Nagi: Saving your skin.

Ayeka: Nagi! I didn't give you permission to speak! Besides, I would 
rather see it than hear it!

	Washu had to do what she had to do as inserts the disk containing 
the footage from the cyborg surveillance into the system of Azaka. 
Then, Azaka uses his eyepiece as a movie projector and projects the 
footage onto the wall in which Ayeka could see.

Ayeka:(smiles) Now, we will know the secrets of Ryoko and her rebels.

	Empress Ayeka continues to watch the video footage as it shows 
the cyborg following the humans to the rebels base. Then, it shows its 
conversation with the leader of rebels who resist her order: Ryoko.

Ayeka: Ryoko. It's been so long since we last met. You haven't changed 
abit.

	The footage continued until the picture was not focused. 

Ayeka: What's going on here?

Washu: The system was malfunctioning. The reason why is because the 
cyborg was revealed and they attacked it.

Ayeka: Oh. Well, we all know who started it anyway.

	Empress Ayeka continues to look on as she sees something for a 
split second. It reminded her of someone, but she couldn't put her 
finger on it. Then, when the last footage from the video came up, it 
shows the last thing that was seen before it went offline. The image of 
two people that turned Ayeka's face to stun as did Washu earlier. The 
two people were Tenchi and Sasami.

Ayeka:(gasped)

Washu:(clears throat) I know this is a surprise as I was, Empress. But, 
I assure you that maybe this was a hoax that was done by Ryoko.

Ayeka: How can you be sure? That cyborg was recording every bit of 
footage it could get before it went off. That last image has to be 
true! 

Washu: It's not, Empress Ayeka! Remember, Tenchi and Sasami died in 
space years ago! It's not possible that those two are what you think 
they are!

Nagi: What if they are?

Washu: That's totally out of the question, Nagi!

Ayeka: I'll be the judge of that, Washu. Azaka, can you do a analyzes 
on those two?

Azaka: Yes, I can. 

	Azaka uses its power to do a scan on the two people that look 
like Tenchi and Sasami. It took some time to have everything completed, 
but when it was, Azaka was speechless for a minute.

Ayeka: Well, Azaka? What is the result?

Azaka: Um,...it would be right that you shouldn't know, Empress.

Washu: Huh?

Ayeka: I have every right to know, Azaka! Now, tell me what you have 
found out!

Azaka: According to my senses and after scanning the last image, it is 
a 100% accurate that those two individuals are....Tenchi and Sasami.

Ayeka: Are you sure?

Azaka: You know as well as I do, Empress Ayeka, that my answers are 
never wrong.

Ayeka: It can't be possible! Sasami alive?!

Washu: Don't worry yourself, Empress. We should worry about how to 
attack the rebels while we still have a chance.

Ayeka: Yes. That is the most concerned thing at this moment. Nagi, 
rally the ground troops and prepare for an onslaught attack onto the 
rebels!

Nagi:(smiles) Yes, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: Washu, make sure that the security defenses are up just in case 
those fools try to enter our area.

Washu: Right, Ayeka.

	Once Nagi and Washu left, Empress Ayeka has a worried look on her 
face.

Kamadake: Is there something wrong, Empress Ayeka?

Ayeka: No. I'll be heading for my quarters to be alone for awhile.

Azaka: Do you need us, Empress?

Ayeka: That won't be necessary. If anything comes in from Washu and 
Nagi, get me as soon as possible.

Kamadake: Yes, ma'am!

	Empress Ayeka heads for her room to be alone for the time being. 
In her room, she has a private section where a shrine is dedicated to 
her sister, Sasami. She kneels in front of it and prays. Back at the 
Rebellion base, Ryoko and company brought in one of the flyers that was 
one of Empress Ayeka's troops.

Tenchi: Whoa! This thing is huge!

Ryoko: It is. But, it should be useful for us when we head for Ayeka's 
lair. 

Tenchi: How long will this take?

Ryoko: If Ayeka don't send any troops, we should have this up and 
running in two hours at least.

Tenchi: Right. Then, we better pray that she doesn't send any.

Sasami: I guess I better cook something up. Knowing everyone, they will 
be hungry.

Ryoko:(smiles) You go do that, Sasami.

	Sasami goes off and heads for the kitchen to cook up some food.

Tenchi: I got to ask you something, Ryoko?

Ryoko: What is it, Tenchi?

Tenchi:(worried look) Do you think we should bring Sasami along?

Ryoko: On this mission? Hmm. I don't know. It's too dangerous for her 
and she could get hurt.

Tenchi: Yeah. But, she wants to stop Ayeka as well. 

Ryoko: She probably try to talk to some sense into her.

Tenchi: Should we bring her?

Ryoko: Ask me again two hours later. I'll have the answer by then.

Tenchi: Okay.

	Ryoko soon went to work on the flyer so that it will be in 
working condition. Meanwhile, as Empress Ayeka was still in her room, 
Washu enters the throne room and looks for her.

Washu: Where's Empress Ayeka?

Kamadake: She is in her chambers and wants to be alone.

Washu: Oh. Well, tell her that the security systems are on-line and 
ready to go. 

Kamadake: I will do that.

Washu: One more thing, you guys. Tell her that we will get Ryoko and 
her rebels and teach them some respect for our Empress.

Azaka: The message will be delivered, Washu.

Washu: Thank you.

	Washu leaves the room. Azaka went to Empress Ayeka's door later 
on.

Azaka: Empress Ayeka?

Ayeka: Yes?

Azaka: Washu reports that the security are on-line and says that we 
will get Ryoko and make her respect you!

Ayeka: Oh. I'll be coming out soon. Contact Nagi and make sure all the 
ground troops are with her. This time I'm not holding anything back.

Azaka: Yes, ma'am!

	Azaka soon leaves and left Empress Ayeka alone in her room. Back 
at the Rebellion base, Ryoko and the men are working as hard as they 
can on the flyer.

Tenchi: How's it coming, Ryoko?

Ryoko: Not much. This technology is really a pain! Washu really build 
things to the bone.

Tenchi: Well, keep working. I'll be heading for the lookout tower to 
see if anyone is heading our way.

Ryoko: Right. 

	Before Tenchi could leave, Sasami was right there in front of 
him.

Sasami: Tenchi, wait!

Tenchi: Huh? What is it, Sasami?

Sasami: I just wanted to give you this just in case you are hungry.

	Hands Tenchi some food.

Tenchi: Thanks, Sasami. I'll be in the tower enjoying this meal while I 
look for any intruders from Ayeka's clan.

Sasami: Okay.

	Inside the flyer machine, Ryoko continues to work on the circuits 
of the flyer.

Ryoko:(thinking) Blasted thing! Can't seem to find what I need to put 
this thing back together.

Carter: Ryoko, found the item that you were looking for.

Ryoko: Thanks, Carter. See if the engine drive is still operating.

Carter: Right.

Ryoko: Steve, what's the situation with the wings?

Steve: Well, the wing do seem equally fit, but they sometimes stick in 
one place.

Ryoko: Make sure it doesn't stick or we all be dead!

Steve: Right.

Ryoko: How much time do you think we have to finish this up, Carter?

Carter: I'm not promising you anything, but maybe an hour.

Ryoko: Let's try to have it done in less an hour. Let's move, people!

	Ryoko gives out the commands and the people are doing their part 
on rebuilding the flyer. Meanwhile, Azaka arrives on the ground level 
where Nagi is putting the ground troopers in order. 

Azaka: Nagi!

Nagi:(sighs) What do you want?

Azaka: Empress Ayeka wants the report on your status.

Nagi: My status is this. I've got 200 troopers following my command and 
are ready to move out as soon as Empress Ayeka gives the word.

Azaka: I'll report the situation to her now.

	Azaka soon leaves and heads back into the building. Meanwhile, 
Empress Ayeka steps out of her room and heads for the throne room. 

Kamadake: Empress Ayeka! I hope that you are feeling well.

Ayeka: I am. Thank you, Kamadake.

Kamadake: Azaka should be coming back with his report on the ground 
troopers that you requested to go along with Nagi.

Ayeka: Good. What about Washu?

Kamadake: She says that the security systems are up and running. All 
that is left, your highness, is your word to start the war against 
Ryoko and the rebels.

Ayeka: Yes. I believe it is time to finish off Ryoko once and for all 
if I am to rule this world without any trouble from her!

	Azaka soon came back and enters the room.

Azaka: Nagi has the ground troopers ready to go, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: Hmm. I guess the only thing left to do is....attack the 
Rebellion! Send out the message!

Azaka and Kamadake: Yes, ma'am!

	Both of them went flying around in the building giving out the 
order that the battle against the Rebellion is now commencing. Nagi 
leads the ground troopers in a cruiser with Ken-Ohki on her shoulder as 
Washu continues to get the security system up and running. Back at the 
rebel base, Ryoko and company are almost done rebuilding the flyer that 
they picked up near their base.

Carter: Give us 30 more minutes, Ryoko. We should have this baby ready 
for you by that time.

Ryoko: Great! Now, I need to get this place into shape if Ayeka sends 
her troops here!

Steve: What do you think that we should do, Ryoko?

Ryoko: While I'm gone, you have to lead the group into victory. Stand 
your grounds if the troops starts to come this way.

Steve: Right!

Carter: Don't worry about us! Ever since that fateful day when that 
Empress took over, my life went down the drain. If I die today, it 
doesn't matter because I died a long time ago.

Ryoko: Don't get all sentimental yet, Carter. The enemy hasn't shown 
its ugly head yet.

	Then, Tenchi comes rushing in and out of breath once he got near 
Ryoko.

Ryoko: Tenchi, what's wrong?

Tenchi:(breathes heavily) Ryoko....the....the.... troops are....coming 
in!

Ryoko: WHAT?!?! Now?!?!

Tenchi: Yeah. Just saw it through the long range scope and saw an army 
heading towards this way.

Ryoko: Could you tell how long before they get here?

Tenchi: To be honest, since they are walking on foot, my estimate time 
would be 20-25 minutes.

Carter: Cutting it awfully close, wouldn't you agree?

Ryoko: Probably, but we don't have a choice. Get that flyer ready and I 
don't care if you have to cut around the corners to get that done!

Steve and Carter: Yes, ma'am!

	Ryoko and the rebels are now in a panic. Empress Ayeka's troopers 
are on the move and are heading their way. Hopefully, the flyer will be 
operational when the time comes to take it back to Empress Ayeka's 
building. Meanwhile, Washu enters the throne room with a smile on her 
face.

Ayeka: Washu. Why do you have a smile on your face?

Washu:(smiles) If you must know, Ayeka, is that in about 20 minutes, 
the rebels are going to be eliminated by your troops and Ryoko shall be 
taken cared of.

Ayeka: Well, I have to say that is good news. But, I want Ryoko alive!

Washu: Huh?! But, I thought you want to get rid of her!

Ayeka: I did, but I want to make suffer abit more before she dies. I 
will punish her any way I want!

Washu: Oh. So, you want to torture her, is that it?

Ayeka: If you have to be realistic, yes.

Washu: What should we do about the prisoners that we have in the cell 
area?

Ayeka: Do we still have them? Well, I guess we have to get rid of them 
once Ryoko and the rebels are defeated.

Washu: Right. I should be heading back to my lab now. If you need my 
assistance, don't hesitate to call me.

Ayeka: Indeed, I will.

	Washu heads for her lab and leaves Empress Ayeka in the throne 
room waiting for the result on the situation against the rebels. Back 
at the rebels base, Ryoko was waiting on the repairs on the flyer.

Ryoko: Carter, how much longer?!

Carter: Almost done, Ryoko. Just hold on for abit longer!

Tenchi: If we wait, those troopers will be here for sure.

Ryoko: I know. 

Sasami: We have to do something to stop them from coming here, right?

Ryoko: Yeah. We are going to see Ayeka and tell her to stop this before 
more innocent people get killed.

Carter: Done!

Ryoko: Huh? For real?!

Carter: Yeah. It's ready to go!

Ryoko: Okay. Get it in the launch area and have it setup for launch!

Carter: Right!

Tenchi: What's next, Ryoko?

Ryoko:(sighs) Well, You have to come along with me when we head for 
Empress Ayeka's base.

Sasami: What about me?

Ryoko:(worried look) Well,....I don't know, Sasami. You shouldn't go at 
all.

Tenchi: True. But, where is she going to live or stay if those troopers 
are heading here? She has to come along with us, Ryoko. Besides, I have 
to have her when this is all over and we have to head back home.

Ryoko: You're right. But, you got to promise me, Sasami, that you won't 
run off doing anything foolish, okay?

Sasami:(cheerful look and giggles) Right.

Carter: Ryoko, everything is set and ready to go.

Ryoko: Thanks, Carter. You've been a great help.

Carter: Hey, if you really want to thank me, take down that ungrateful 
witch for me, would you?

Ryoko:(smiles) You know I will.

	Both Ryoko and Carter shook hands for the last time for good 
luck. After that, Ryoko along with Tenchi and Sasami with Ryo-Ohki by 
her side they headed for the launch area and to enter into the flyer so 
that they can get inside the base of Empress Ayeka. Elsewhere but not 
far from the rebels base, Nagi continues to lead the charge towards the 
base.

Nagi: Just another 15 minutes and the base is ours. Don't you agree, 
Ken-Ohki?

Ken-Ohki: Meow.

	Empress Ayeka soon appear on a video screen inside the cruiser.

Ayeka: Nagi, report!

Nagi: All is well, Empress Ayeka. In about 15 minutes, the rebels will 
be brought out to be eliminated.

Ayeka: Good. Keep me posted on any changes.

Nagi: Yes, Empress Ayeka.

	Nagi heads straight for the rebels base with ground troopers 
following her. Back at the base, Ryoko with Tenchi and Sasami are 
inside the flyer are about to launch.

Ryoko: Everything is set and ready to go. We have to pass Nagi without 
being detected.

Tenchi: Can we do it?

Ryoko: I do what I can. 

Sasami: Ryoko, what about the people here? Your just going to leave 
them behind?

Ryoko: They understand what I have to do, Sasami. Carter and Steve will 
take over command for me as they will try to rally the people to fight. 
This plan has to work, Sasami. Either that or Ayeka will destroy the 
world.

Sasami: I see.

Tenchi; Don't worry, Sasami. I think the people here will take care of 
themselves. With Carter and Steve, they can do their best to keep the 
people from danger.

Ryoko: Tenchi's right. We have to do our part in order for the rest of 
humanity to live on.

Carter: Ryoko, it's time. Launching commence in 60 seconds.

Ryoko:(sighs) Ready?

Tenchi: Yeah, I hope.

Sasami: This is going to be a bumpy ride, isn't it?

Ryoko:(chuckles) Yeah. Just hang on and think happy thoughts.

Tenchi: That was a very nice thing to say, Ryoko. Subtle, but nice.

Ryoko: Thanks.

	In about awhile later, the engines began to start as the flyer 
was about to launch. Ryoko, Tenchi, and Sasami are trying their best to 
hang on to their seats. Then, the flyer was launched and it was on its 
way to Empress Ayeka's building. Ryoko gained control and started to 
fly the flyer towards the building. 

Ryoko: Whew! That wasn't so hard now, was it?

Tenchi:(big gulp and face completely white) Sure. It wasn't.

Ryoko: Well, by this rate, we should be entering their territory in 
awhile. By luck, we can get past the defenses before they figure out 
whose in here.

Tenchi: But, won't they try to scan this flyer for anything unusual?

Ryoko: I doubt it. They will probably let this flyer in thinking that 
it survived from their first wave of attack on the base.

Sasami: I just hope we can get in there without any trouble.

Ryoko: I hope so, Sasami.

	Ryoko and the rest are getting closer to Empress Ayeka's 
building. Meanwhile, Washu is making more ingenious machines as she 
hears bleeping noises coming from the security system.
 
Washu: Hmm? What's this?

	She rushes over to see what is the situation.

Washu: A flyer? What in the world is a flyer doing out there? Wait a 
minute. Nagi lead a pack of flyers into an area earlier and was shot 
down by Ryoko and that mysterious spaceship. This one must've been 
offline for a long time.

	Washu types in the codes for the security door to open for the 
flyer to enter. Ryoko sees the message on the dashboard of the flyer.

Ryoko: Well, I'll be. It looks like we are heading in!

	Ryoko starts to take the flyer into the deck area of the 
building.

Tenchi: I hope you don't do anything foolish, Ryoko.

Ryoko: Don't worry! I'll be fine. 

Tenchi:(raindrop over his head) That's what I'm afraid of.

	Ryoko carefully leads the flyer in a spot on the deck. Once the 
flyer was inside, Washu closes the doors and puts the security back up.

Washu: I must report this to Empress Ayeka. She might want to know 
this.

	Washu leaves her lab and heads for the throne room. Back in the 
cargo area, Ryoko opens the door and heads out. Tenchi and Sasami 
carefully exits out of the flyer as well.

Tenchi: Do you know your way around here, Ryoko?

Ryoko: No. But, we have to do our best to try and find Empress Ayeka. 
Once we have her, the war is over.

Sasami: And to get some answers from her, too.

Tenchi: Well, perhaps you're right. We do want some answers from her 
and find out why she is doing this.

Ryoko: If we can get to her! Let's go!

	Ryoko leads Tenchi and Sasami into a hallway which they hope is 
the way to head for the throne room. Speaking of the throne room, Washu 
enters the throne room and sees Empress Ayeka waiting for any word from 
Nagi.

Washu: What's the situation, Empress?

Ayeka: Nothing from Nagi. However, I would like a status on the 
situation every 10 minutes! But, why are you here?

Washu: Oh. Well, I came to tell you that we have a survivor from the 
elite flyer squad that was attacked by Ryoko earlier, remember?

Ayeka: Oh, yes. I remember. You said that an unidentified spaceship, 
which was under control by Ryoko, fired at the fleet and destroyed 
them.

Washu: All except one, Empress. Surprisingly, it looks like it didn't 
get damaged.

Ayeka:(raises her eyebrow) No damage to it?

Washu: Um,....yeah. To be honest, it looked like brand new.

Kamadake: That doesn't seem right. Don't you agree, Azaka?

Azaka: Indeed. What about you, Empress Ayeka?

Ayeka: I agree as well. 

Washu:(confused look) Am I missing something?

Ayeka: Washu, you buffoon!! You didn't bother scanning the flyer, 
didn't you?!

Washu: Well, no. I mean, who needs to if the....(went to surprised 
look)...Uh-oh.

Ayeka:(upset look) The big Uh-oh, Washu! In other words, you could've 
let some rebels enter my domain!!!!!

Washu: Wha....what should we do?!?!

Ayeka: You head back to your lab and do a complete search through my 
domain! If you see something unusual, sound off the alarm, is that 
clear?!

Washu:(gulps) Crystal.

Ayeka: Now, leave my site!

Washu: Yes, Empress Ayeka.

	Washu cowardly crawls away from Ayeka's site. Empress Ayeka was 
upset as she is now worried about not only the rebels annihilation, but 
the intruders in her building. Somewhere in the building, Ryoko is 
checking an area to see if it is clear enough to go through. 

Ryoko: Okay. The coast is clear.

Tenchi: It seems that there's no one here.

Sasami: Yeah. Where is everybody? 

Ryoko: My best guess is that they are heading to the base. Ayeka didn't 
spare anyone because she wants to eliminate the Rebellion.

Tenchi: Did Ayeka captured some of the rebels?

Ryoko: I don't know. Most of the people that she captures would be 
human, but nothing like the rebels. She must've caught them because she 
might think that they would join the rebels.

Sasami: What if the people are still here?

Ryoko: They might. But, we have to reach Ayeka and stop her.

Tenchi: We need to save the people first, Ryoko. That's one rule I will 
never forget that my grandpa taught me.

Ryoko: Hmm. Well, you do have a point, Tenchi. We ought to find those 
captured prisoners before we face Ayeka!

Sasami: No. Allow us to find those people. You can hold off Ayeka until 
we are done letting the people go.

Ryoko: Are you sure?

Tenchi: I'll be with her, Ryoko. You go find Ayeka and do your best to 
stop until we show up.

Ryoko: Okay. Take this.

	Ryoko hands Tenchi a device.

Tenchi: What's this?

Ryoko: I'm wearing a tracking device. Use this to find me after you get 
done with your situation.

Tenchi: Right. We'll do our best to do our part.

	After that, Ryoko and Tenchi with Sasami parted ways and goes off 
doing their part to stop Empress Ayeka's plan. Back in the lab, Washu 
carefully scans the building for any unusual activity.

Washu: Man! I better find something before my goose is cooked!

	Then, the computer finds something heading in direction towards 
the east.

Washu: Huh? What's this? Where's that location?

	She scans the area and answer pops up.

Washu: Cell area? But, the only thing down there is....(gasped) Oh, no! 
I better get security down there on the double!!!

	Just as she was about to type in the program to bring up the 
security systems to the cell area, her computer exploded in front of 
her. After the smoke cleared up, Washu had black smudges on her face. 

Washu: What the?!?! 

Ryoko: It's been a long time, mother.

Washu: Ryoko?!?! It can't be!!

Ryoko: But, it's true. I won't allow you to send down your goons to go 
after Tenchi and Sasami.

Washu:(surprised look) Huh?! What did you say?!

Ryoko: You heard me.

Washu: But, that's impossible!! They died in space and you know that!!

Ryoko: Yeah. But, it's a long story to explain the situation right now. 
I need you to stay put until my friends free those people.

Washu: You won't get away with this! Ayeka will crush you and the 
imposters that you brought into this place!!

Ryoko: Ayeka won't do no such thing and you know it!! She's nothing 
more than a weakling! Think about it. She needs your scientific mind to 
help her take over this planet and what has she ever do to you? Nothing 
but yell at you!

Washu: Maybe. But, I'm loyal to Empress Ayeka until the humans are 
eliminated!

Ryoko: You must be out of your mind if you think Ayeka will keep you 
around after the humans are gone.

Washu: Huh? What are you talking about? She will have me around after 
all of this is over.

Ryoko: After all of this is over, Empress Ayeka will be taken cared of 
and the earth will be free from her control.

	Elsewhere in the building, Tenchi and Sasami enters the Cell 
area. Some of the prisoners are still in the cells as Tenchi and Sasami 
look on at the people who were captured by the ruthless Empress Ayeka.

Tenchi: Goodness! Ayeka held all of these people. And for what?

Man: Who are you?

Tenchi: A friend of Ryoko, the rebel leader. She sent us here to get 
you all out of this place.

Man: But, how did you get in here?

Sasami: That can be explained later. Right now, all of you need to 
escape while you still can.

Tenchi: I found the switch. Hang on!

	Tenchi went over to the switch manual which turns the door 
control off. It does and the doors swung open. The prisoners cheered as 
they rushed out of the cells and try to find a way to escape Empress 
Ayeka's domain. Back in the lab, the alarm goes off.

Ryoko: What's going on now?

Washu: The alarm is going off! Therefore, the prisoners have escaped!!!

Ryoko:(smiles) Way to go, Tenchi.

Washu: I hope you're happy, Ryoko. Ayeka is going to be very upset 
about this sudden turn of events.

Ryoko: Well, she will have more worries to worry about right now.

Washu: And that is?

Ryoko: Me.

	Ryoko runs off and heads for the throne room leaving Washu in her 
lab.

Washu: Empress Ayeka would want backup. I better go help....huh?

	Washu hears ticking noises.

Washu: What's that?

	She heads for a wall which has the noise that she is hearing. It 
turns out to be a bomb that was set by Ryoko.

Washu:(gulps) Oh, crud!

	Then, a explosion happened and it was sending vibes up and down 
the building. Empress Ayeka felt it and was very upset by it.

Ayeka: What on earth is going on here?! Where did that come from?!

Kamadake: Don't know, Empress. But, it appears that it came from 
inside.

Azaka: We have another situation, Empress Ayeka.

Ayeka: What is it now?!

Azaka: The prisoners in the Cell area....they are escaping!!!

Ayeka: What?!?! But, how can this be?!

Azaka: I don't know, but they are leaving the premises as we speak!

Kamadake: I have to mention, Empress, that all of our security guards 
are with Nagi at the invasion of the rebels base.

Ayeka:(growls) I want to know who is responsible for all of this 
turmoil?!?! 

Ryoko: Right here, Ayeka!

	Empress Ayeka turns around to see the smiling rebel leader, 
Ryoko.

Ayeka:(mad look) I've should've known it was you! You are a thorn in my 
side for too long, Ryoko!!!

Ryoko: The feelings mutual, Ayeka.

Ayeka: That's Empress Ayeka, you space pirate! I shall make you suffer 
after what you've done to me today!

Ryoko: You have to catch me before you do anything, Empress pigface!!

Ayeka:(studdering) Why...why...you insolent brat!! I'll make you pay, 
mark my words!

Kamadake: Stand aside, Empress Ayeka.

Azaka: Yes. We will handle this traitor.

Ryoko: You walking pile of wood aren't even a challenge!

	Ryoko charged at them with fast speed. Azaka and Kamadake never 
saw it coming as it was too late. They became victims to an attack by  
Ryoko. They soon fell and were losing power.

Ryoko: Now that those two are taken cared of, it's your turn, Ayeka!

Ayeka: Yes, Ryoko. I have to say that you will not survive this next 
confrontation!

Ryoko: We'll see.

	As Ryoko and Empress Ayeka are having a stand off, Tenchi and 
Sasami runs to locate Ryoko by using the tracking device.

Tenchi: The signal is getting stronger! We must be getting close!

Sasami: I hope so. It seems like we've been running through this 
building for hours!

Tenchi: I know, but we are almost there.

	They were getting close to the throne room where Ryoko and 
Empress Ayeka are at. They continue to stare down one another as they 
are waiting for the right time to strike.

Ryoko: You know, Ayeka, the battle over at the rebels base is nothing 
compared to the battle in this room.

Ayeka: Probably. But, I don't care about Nagi or my soldiers. All that 
I care now is to take you out once and for all so that I can continue 
my reign of terror throughout the galaxy!

Ryoko: In your dreams, Ayeka!

Ayeka: I've already dreamt it, Ryoko and now it's time for it to become 
a reality.

	Ayeka begins to gather her Jurai energy. Then, she brings up a 
force field around her.

Ryoko:(smiles) A Jurai shield? Come on, Ayeka. That shield can't save 
you from me.

Ayeka: You fool! What makes you think that this shield is all that I 
need against you?

Ryoko: Huh?

Ayeka: Allow me to show you what I've been doing ever since that day, 
Ryoko. This is Jurai's true power!!!

	Ayeka spread her arms out and begins to gather energy. They were 
forming in her hands as Ryoko looks on surprised. Then, when she was 
done, Ayeka released the power from her hands and unleashed it towards 
Ryoko. Ryoko saw it coming and dodged it just in time. Its explosion 
was intense as Ryoko looked on from above the ground in amazement.

Ryoko:(thinking) That power. It was unbelievable! It's something I've 
never sensed before. If I'm not mistaken, it might be powerful then me!

Ayeka:(smiles and chuckles) What's wrong, Ryoko? No snappy comebacks? 
I'm not surprised. After all, you just witnessed my true power that 
I've held back for so long!

Ryoko: I'll stop you, Ayeka! 

Ayeka: Try me.

	Ryoko wasn't going to take it anymore. She went ahead and charged 
at her with everything that she got. She tried to get through the 
shield, but it was too strong and appeared to be unbreakable.

Ayeka: Oh, please. Charging at me with full strength ain't going to win 
this battle, Ryoko.

Ryoko:(thinking) This shield is definitely alot stronger than I thought 
it would be. She wasn't bluffing about reaching her true potential of 
her power! 

Ayeka:(smiles) So, what do you say? Will you surrender?

Ryoko:(growls) Not on your life!

Ayeka: Huh? Foolish woman! You fail to realize that you can't win 
against a power like me. If you continue to do this, you will die.

Ryoko: If I die, then at least it was in battle!

Ayeka: If you wish to die, allow me to grant it for you!

	The power from Empress Ayeka was holding Ryoko in her place. 
Ryoko tried to break free, but it was too strong for her to break free. 
Then, Ayeka began to gather energy for her most powerful attack. When 
she had enough, she unleashed it onto Ryoko and Ryoko was blown away 
from the blast. She lands onto the floor and was badly injured as she 
was totally burned by the powers of Jurai from Empress Ayeka.

Ryoko: It can't be possible.

Ayeka: Oh, but it is, Ryoko. This time I will use full power and 
eliminate you personally.

Ryoko: Don't do this, Ayeka. Think what Tenchi would say at a time... 
(screams)

	Empress Ayeka fired a small beam attack towards Ryoko's left leg.

Ayeka: Don't you even dare to speak his name!! Tenchi is gone and so 
will you!!!!

Ryoko: But, Tenchi is....(screams)

	Ayeka shot her again in the other leg.

Ayeka: So long, Ryoko. This time I will shot you in the head.

STOP!!!!!!!

Ayeka: Huh?!

Ryoko: Wha?!

	Ryoko and Empress Ayeka heared the voice of Tenchi as he ran into 
the throne room and kneels down to check on the injured Ryoko.

Tenchi: Ryoko! Are you alright?!

Ryoko: Never better, Tenchi.

Ayeka: What is all this?! Who are you?!

Tenchi: Ayeka, it's me!! Tenchi!

Ayeka: You are not Tenchi! You may look like him, but you are not him!

Tenchi: Stop playing around, Ayeka! It's really me!

Ayeka: That's Empress Ayeka, you lowlife worm!

Tenchi: Lowlife worm? What has gotten into you, Ayeka? Where is the 
person that I know and loved?

Ayeka: You are not the real Tenchi! Stop messing with my head!

Ryoko: He's the real Tenchi Masaki, Ayeka. 

Ayeka: Oh, really? Then, tell me something to make me believe that this 
individual is really Tenchi.

Tenchi: Remember that day when you shown me the tree of Jurai in the 
lake?

Ayeka: Huh? 

Tenchi:(smiles) I knew you remember that. That was when you told me 
that you have feelings towards me that you have never felt before. 

Ayeka: How...how did you know that?

Tenchi: I'm Tenchi, Ayeka. You cared for me and everyone who lived in 
my house. Ryoko, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and your sister Sasami.

Ayeka: Don't you dare mention that name! Sasami is gone and never to 
return! She died in space and it was those pitiful humans who destroyed 
her! I will never forgive the people who did that to my only sister! 
Sasami was a good person and she had no right be taken away from me! 
So, if you are really the Tenchi that I knew, then where is my sister? 
She was with you when she was called to Jurai for a "business meeting".

Tenchi: She is alive, Ayeka.

Ayeka: Don't make me laugh!

Sasami: Ayeka?

	Ayeka's eyes went up as she heards a voice that she hadn't heard 
in years. As she looks on, a individual walks in with Ryo-Ohki on her 
shoulder and has a sad look on her face.

Ayeka: Is...is it true?

Sasami: Ayeka, why are you hurting these people?

Ayeka: Sasami! You don't know how much I missed you!

Sasami:(shakes her head) You didn't answer my question. Why are you...?

Ayeka: Do you have to ask? I mean, these people don't care about you 
and me! All they want is war and battle! Well, if they want war, then 
they got it!

Sasami: But, you didn't have to take over the world, Ayeka. You 
could've made a deal or something.

Ayeka: A deal? With those mongrels? You must be joking! Empress Ayeka 
doesn't make deals with no one!

Sasami: Where's the Ayeka that I know and loved?

Ayeka: That person is gone, Sasami. The humans killed that person and 
Empress Ayeka took over.

Ryoko: You're just a weakling, Ayeka.

Ayeka: What?! You're still living?!

Ryoko: As long as I have friends by my side, you'll never get rid of 
me!

Ayeka: Think again, space pirate!

	Out of nowhere, Ayeka uses her Jurai attack and launches it 
towards Ryoko. It was like a beam attack that went through the chest 
area. Ryoko just slumped in the lap of Tenchi.

Tenchi: Ryoko!

Sasami: Ayeka, how could you?!?!

Ayeka: I had to. She just won't shut up!

	Ryoko was barely alive as she has blood coming out from her 
mouth. She looks up and sees Tenchi who looks down holding her head.

Ryoko:(faintly) It's....dumb of me....to say something while.....I was 
down.

Tenchi: Hold on, Ryoko! I won't allow you to die on me!

Ryoko:(smiles) I appreciate that, but....I don't know how long I can 
hold out.

Tenchi: Is there anyway we can save you?

Ryoko: If there was a way, I wouldn't....make it in time.

Tenchi: I wish you didn't have to go, Ryoko! Because I don't know how 
to live on without you!

Ryoko: Well, you're from a different time, right? So, you see me 
everyday.

Tenchi: Yeah, but you are alot different from Ryoko in my time.

Ryoko: I wanted to say....this for a long time, Tenchi.

Tenchi: What?

Ryoko:(started crying) I've....never loved anyone else but you. You.... 
are my one and only true love. Remember what I said, okay?

Tenchi: I....love you, too!

Ryoko: I'll miss you.

	After that, Ryoko breathe her last breath as her eyes were 
closed. Tenchi couldn't do nothing else, but caress Ryoko's head. Ayeka 
looks on with a confused look on his face.

Ayeka:(thinking) This has to be Tenchi. If Ryoko pronounced her love to 
him, then it has to be Tenchi! That person was telling the truth and 
that has to be Sasami as well. 

Tenchi: I hope you are happy, Ayeka!

Ayeka: Huh?

Tenchi: You killed my friend for no reason! This has got to stop!

Ayeka: Tenchi? I....I don't know what to say.

Tenchi: You don't, huh? Well, I'm not surprised. The great Empress 
Ayeka has nothing to say for the first time! 

Ayeka: Stop it! 

Tenchi: What's wrong? Don't like hearing the truth?

Sasami: Tenchi, that's enough!

Tenchi: Huh? 

Sasami: There's no reason to talk to her. She's no longer the person 
that we know. If the Ayeka that we know was here, she wouldn't even 
consider on doing something like this. Killing Ryoko definitely proved 
my point. Ayeka is the one that died those years ago, not us!

Ayeka: Sasami, what are you saying?

Sasami: Nothing. I want to go home, Tenchi.

Tenchi: I agree. This world is dead anyway with Ayeka running it.

	Ayeka looks on with an upset look on her face and didn't have 
anything to say as Tenchi and Sasami were walking out of the throne 
room.

Ayeka: Wait!

Tenchi: Huh?

Ayeka: I've....listened to what you had to say and....you are right. I 
did died those many years ago. I just didn't know on what to do. I just 
lost control over my feelings. I wish you two can forgive me for what I 
done and let me live so that I can rebuild not only my life, but this 
world as well.

Sasami:(smiles) Now, that's my sister that I know!

	Sasami ran to Ayeka and hugs her tightly as ever.

Ayeka: It feels so good to hug you again, Sasami.

Tenchi: Ayeka, we need you stop the invasion at the rebels base. Can 
you do it?

Ayeka: Yes. I'll try.

	Ayeka went to the control switch board where the screen was to 
contact Nagi. Meanwhile at the rebels base, Nagi was near the entrance 
of the base.

Nagi: Time to finish this.

	The screen comes on and Ayeka was on it.

Ayeka: Nagi, cancel the attack.

Nagi: Empress Ayeka, are you sure?

Ayeka: Do not question my authority, Nagi! Do as I say or would you 
like to be in a cell?

Nagi:(gulps) No, Empress Ayeka. I'll give out the order.

	Nagi commanded the troopers to retreat back to the lair. Back in 
the building, Ayeka turned off the screen and blew a sigh of relief.

Tenchi: Thanks, Ayeka.

Ayeka: No. Thank you, Tenchi. I don't know what I would do with myself 
without you around.

Tenchi: Just remember to give these people a chance. They may not like 
you at first, but it's a start to having a relationship with them.

Ayeka: True. It will take time for me to know these people and beg for 
their forgiveness.

Sasami: I wish we can stay and see that happen. But, we have to get 
back home.

Ayeka: Huh? What do you mean, Sasami?

Tenchi: I guess I should tell you. We are not from this time or 
universe. Both of us came from a different universe where I and Sasami 
live in Japan. You see, Washu made....

	Tenchi explained the whole situation with what went wrong with 
Washu's invention, the Traveler XGP. It sucked Sasami and Ryo-Ohki into 
this universe and he had to go rescue her.

Ayeka: I see. So, you are not the Tenchi and Sasami from this time, but 
in a complete different time.

Tenchi: Yes. That's correct.

Ayeka: And you said that you made a promise to me in your time to bring 
back Sasami if you find her in whatever place she was.

Tenchi: Yeah. I know it sounds weird, but if you come with us, you will 
understand the whole portal doorway.

Sasami: Come with us, Ayeka. I hope you don't mind.

Ayeka: I guess it's alright to go.

Tenchi: Then, it's settled. Ryo-Ohki. Take us back to where Sasami 
landed in this time.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow!

	Ryo-Ohki transformed into the spaceship and left the building in 
a hurry crashing through the wall. It took some time for them to reach 
to the place where Sasami came through the portal doorway. Once there, 
they were teleported off the spaceship and Ryo-Ohki reverted back to 
cabbit form.

Tenchi: Recognize this place, Ayeka?

Ayeka:(upset look) Recognize it? More like destroyed it.

Tenchi: Huh?

Ayeka: You see, after your death, I wanted everything that resembled 
the past to be destroyed including your home. I just got rid of it 
without a second thought.

Sasami: Well, you had a reason. 

Ayeka: But, it was the wrong reason.

Tenchi: Whatever reason, to me, it's still home. Allow me to show you 
the doorway.

	Tenchi went for his wrist device that Washu from his time gave to 
him and pushed a button to open up the portal doorway.

Tenchi: See?

Ayeka: It looks beautiful!

Sasami: It does.

Ayeka: I wish I could go with you, but it would damage your time and 
space, correct?

Tenchi: Honestly, I would think so. That sounded like a question for 
Washu considering since that is a scientific question.

Ayeka: Doesn't matter. At least I got a chance to see you and Sasami 
one last time. 

Sasami: Yeah. But, this time you get a chance to say good-bye.

Ayeka: Indeed. Sasami, take care now. You be careful and listen to 
everything Tenchi says, okay?

Sasami: Sure, sis.

	Sasami gave her a good-bye hug and Ayeka expressed a smile on her 
face for the first time.

Tenchi: Ready to go, Sasami?

Sasami:(sniffs) Yeah. Take care, sis.

Ayeka: Bye, Sasami. Tenchi?

Tenchi: Yes?

Ayeka:(smiles) Thank you for changing my life. 

Tenchi: You're welcome, Princess Ayeka.

	With a wave good-bye to Ayeka, Tenchi grabbed Sasami's hand and 
jumped together into the portal doorway. The door closed up behind them 
and they were heading back home to their time. Back in the lab, the 
girls continue to wait for anything to come out of the doorway. Then, 
the portal opens up and out came Tenchi and Sasami landing on the floor 
and in front of the girls. 

Ayeka: Tenchi?

Tenchi: Hi, everybody. We're back!

Washu: Welcome back, you two.

Ryoko: Oh, Tenchi!

	Goes up to him and hugs him.

Ryoko: You had me so worried.

Tenchi: I know it took longer than I thought, but I found Sasami and 
Ryo-Ohki safe and sound.

Washu: Where did you find Sasami and Ryo-Ohki exactly, Tenchi?

Tenchi: It's a long story, Little Washu.

Kiyone: According to my watch, we got plenty of time to here this 
story.

Tenchi:(sighs) Okay. But, I wouldn't mind eating first.

Sasami: Don't worry, Tenchi! I'll get the food started up!

Ayeka: Sasami!

Sasami: Oh. Hi, sis. 

Ayeka: Listen, I'm sorry about what happened that night and....

Sasami: Ayeka, forget about it. I forgive you. Besides, I don't know 
what I was going to do with myself if I stay mad at you.

Ayeka:(chuckles) You're right. But, I miss you so much.

Ryoko: So did the rest of us.

Tenchi: Okay, Sasami. Let's get some food cooked up.

Sasami: Right.

	Tenchi led Sasami and the rest of the girls back upstairs so that 
they can finally eat a well deserved meal. Afterwards, Tenchi and 
Sasami finally told the girls what happened to them and where they were 
all this time. They told them the world where Ayeka ruled and Ryoko was 
rebelling against her. Washu was with Ayeka and Nagi as well. How they 
died in space and Ayeka's plan to rule the universe. It was something 
that they will never forget. Neither will the girls as they have 
confused and shocked look on their faces.

Tenchi: And there you have it. 

Ryoko: Interesting. Wouldn't you say?

Ayeka: Indeed.

Washu: Ryoko as a rebel leader? That will be something I would like to 
see.

Ryoko: Empress Ayeka? That doesn't sound right.

Ayeka: Hmph! Shows what you know. I think it has a nice ring to it.

Kiyone: And us being guardians in space? We didn't have any action in 
that world. I stay in space with Mihoshi 24/7?!

Sasami: That's one way of putting it.

Tenchi: It was a weird universe that both me and Sasami went through, 
but to tell you honestly, it's nothing compared to the good friends I 
have living here.

Ryoko: That's so nice of you to say, Tenchi.

Washu:(clears throat) One more business to discuss. Tenchi, what should 
we do with the Traveler XGP?

Tenchi: Get rid of it! It causes too much trouble around here!

Ayeka: Yes and it nearly killed Sasami.

Washu: Well, I guess I can destroy it. After all, as they say, back to 
the drawing board.

	The gang agreed on that one and laughed under the household of 
Tenchi Masaki. As the night sky came and it was filled with stars, 
Tenchi stands outside for awhile and looks up to look at them. Ryoko 
appeared behind him.

Ryoko: Tenchi? What are you doing?

Tenchi: Just admiring the stars.

Ryoko: Oh. Um,...I want to ask you something.

Tenchi: Yes?

Ryoko: Well, you were with me in that different time, right? So, was I 
really a rebel leader against Ayeka?

Tenchi: Yeah. If there was something you were good at, it was that. 
I've never seen you taken charge before. You told everyone what to do 
and they look up to you as a leader who can save them from oblivion.

Ryoko:(blushes) Wow. I did all that?

Tenchi: That and you faced Ayeka all by yourself in the end. You've 
shown true honor and I couldn't be more proud to be your friend.

Ryoko:(cheerfully) You really mean it?

Tenchi: Yep. Come on. It's time to go to bed.

Ryoko: Okay. Wait a minute. If I faced Ayeka in a battle, what happened 
to me?

Tenchi: Uh,...well,....you see....

Ryoko: Come on! You can tell me.

Tenchi: You....were killed by Ayeka.

Ryoko: Oh.

	Ryoko's face went from cheerful to shocked in 3 seconds.

Ryoko: WHAT?!?!?!

	Tenchi ran inside the house hoping not to hear from Ryoko's voice 
till tomorrow morning. As he and Sasami sleep, they can never forget 
the time they spent in that universe helping a friend that they knew 
who is trying to save a world from A ruthless Empress from Jurai.





THE END
