Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer. I don’t own 
anything in this story. Please don’t sue me, Pioneer, I am not writing 
this for money or profit. It is purely for fun, and because I’m 
obsessive-compulsive when I decide I like something. And I definitely 
like Tenchi. 
	
Tenchi Muyo!
No Need for Thinking of Me
By Ian VanWyhe


	Ayeka Jurai, the first princess of the planet of the same name, 
stared at the cyan haired demon who had her arms wrapped around the man Ayeka 
loved.  It was a situation that had played out so many times before. Ayeka found 
Ryoko with her arms around Tenchi, Ayeka yelled at her, Ryoko yelled back, they 
blew up the house, etc, etc. But this time, there was something different.
	This time, Tenchi was returning the embrace, and the two had their lips 
locked in a passionate kiss, which Tenchi seemed to be enjoying. Ayeka stared at 
the two unaware figures for a moment, then silently shut the door and slowly 
walked back to her room. A single teardrop splashed and soaked into the carpet 
halfway in between the two rooms.

	“Ayeka? Ayeka, can I talk to you?” Tenchi said as he opened the door to 
her room. Then he frowned. “Ayeka, what’s wrong?” he asked, concerned. 
	Slowly the blanket that lay over the lump on Ayeka’s futon lifted, and 
Ayeka poked her head out. Her hair was down, one shining purple mass falling 
around her face. She was wearing no make up, no ornamentation. Her beautiful 
violet eyes were bloodshot and puffy with crying, and even now tears rolled down 
her regal visage. “Nothing, (sniff) Tenchi. What ever made you think there was 
something wrong?” Her voice strained from suppressed sobs.
	Tenchi gaped. “But Miss Ayeka, you’re crying!” 
	“What’s that matter to you?! You have that- that demon to comfort you! Who 
do I have?” She wailed and buried her head in her pillow again, crying. 
	“Miss Ayeka-?” 
	She jumped up, and Tenchi’s eyes widened as he stepped back. She was 
wearing nothing but a slip. She glared at him furiously as tears rolled 
uninhibited down her face. “Don’t Miss Ayeka me! I saw you! I saw what you two 
were doing!” Her head drooped and she started to cry even harder. “You don’t 
need me. I’ve been in the way all this time. I should have gone back to Jurai a 
long time ago.” She turned and grabbed a bag out of her closet, then started to 
throw her clothes into it haphazardly. 
	Tenchi stepped forward and said, “No, Miss Ayeka, don’t go! We-“ She cut 
him off as spun to face him, eyes blazing. “Don’t get near me! I don’t need you. 
I DON’T!” she screamed. Tenchi jumped back in surprise. “I don’t. I don’t...” 
she whispered, as if trying to convince herself.
	At that point Ryoko’s head phased through the wall next to the door. 
“What’s all the yelling- Ayeka!” Ryoko stared in disbelief. 
	Ayeka quickly turned away, but instead of putting her nose up like her 
normal royal self, she dropped her head and continued to sob. “So, Ryoko, come 
to gloat? Have you come to tell me about how well Lord Tenchi kisses, and your 
plans for the wedding?” Her voice was incredibly bitter. 
	Ryoko and Tenchi stared at each other, at a loss at what to do. After a 
moment, Tenchi said hesitantly. “Ayeka, I’m sorry. I wanted to break the news to 
you slowly. That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. Please try to understand. 
Ryoko fought for me, she would have died for me. I’m sorry I hurt you, but, we 
love each other.” 
	Ayeka turned slowly, her face cold, her eyes burning. “You do, do you? I 
don’t know about that. I don’t think either one of you even know what love is.”
	Ryoko’s eyes narrowed. “Of course we do, Princess!” She floated to Tenchi, 
and tenderly wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Tenchi smiled- not 
nervously, but wholeheartedly- and wrapped his arm around her waist. Ryoko 
continued, “We have a wonderful, happy relationship now. If fact, we were 
planning to have the wedding a month from now.” 
	Tenchi looked at her, appalled, and said, “Ryoko!”
	Ayeka swallowed hard, and turned and started packing again, though more 
calmly this time. Tenchi said, “Ayeka, you’re still planning on leaving!”
	Ayeka shook her head, not turning. “No, no... I’m not leaving Earth. 
Sasami and Mihoshi would miss me too much. I need to be here. I just... I just 
need a vacation. I’ll visit one of those famous western nations, America, or 
England. I don’t know.” She finished gathering her things. “I need to go, now. 
I’m going say goodbye to the rest of the family, now. I’ll have Washu send me- 
somewhere.” She quickly dressed, pulling on her layer of clothing. Then she 
picked up her bag and walked past then, eyes on the floor. 
	They looked at her as walked past. She stopped in the hall, and looked 
back at them, nervously. “Er...” Her manners and dignity got the better of her. 
Swallowing again, she said, “Con...congratulations. I- I hope you’re very 
happy.”
	Before they could answer, she quickly walked away. Tenchi stared after, 
then called out, “Miss Ayeka... Good bye!” 
	She stopped for a moment, then walked down the stairs. 

	Tenchi despondently lay in his bed, in his new house. They had built it 
after the wedding, which had turned out to be only two weeks after Ayeka left. 
It was within yelling distance of the old house. To begin with, Ryoko had been 
learning to cook from Sasami. Now, though, Tenchi just went over and picked food 
up from the little princess.  
	Everyone missed Ayeka, except for Ryoko. It had been four months since she 
had left. Tenchi wondered what she was doing. He hoped she was all right. He 
thought of how she had looked, that day. A lump caught in his throat. 
	He glanced at space next to him, and clenched his teeth. Ryoko should have 
been home by now! Every night, she went out partying, drinking, and cavorting. 
He’d gone out with her a couple of times, after the honeymoon. They’d had fun, 
but it just wasn’t him. He wasn’t a partier. He’d stopped going, and for a 
while, almost a month, she had stayed home with him, kept him company. They’d 
had fun those times, too. But Ryoko had grown bored, and taken to going out once 
a week...then twice a week, then four days a week. Now, she was out every night. 
She no longer cooked, no longer cleaned, or did any chores. 
	Tenchi sighed. He rolled over and opened the window, to let some air in. 
He then laid there, thinking, when he thought he heard music. He lifted his 
head, and listened. Yes, there it was. Definitely music.
	He got up and got dressed, then walked outside. It was coming from his 
father’s house. He walked over to the house. 
	He popped his head inside, and called out, “Hello?” No one was around. The 
music he heard seemed to be coming from the living room. He thought the voice 
singing sounded like Kiyone... Frowning, he walked into the living room.
	He stopped, and stared. Everyone was in the room. Kiyone was on the 
kareoke machine that they had bought out in space. And sitting in the middle of 
the couch smiling brightly, looking beautiful and energetic and happy, was 
Ayeka. 
	He burst out, “Lady Ayeka!”
	Everyone turned, and looked at him. Then Sasami jumped up and gave him a 
hug. “She came back tonight, Tenchi! She called Washu to bring her back, and we 
threw a kareoke party to celebrate!”
	Noboyuki scratched his head, and laughed. “Sorry we didn’t invite you and 
Ryoko, Tenchi, but we thought you’d be, you know, busy.” He winked.
	Tenchi laughed nervously, and Noboyuki continued. “Where is she, anyway, 
Tenchi?”
	Tenchi swallowed, and said, “Oh, she’s back at the house. She was really 
tired tonight.” No one knew about her going out every night.
	Ayeka stood and smiled at Tenchi. “Hello, Lord Tenchi. It is nice to see 
you again.”
	Tenchi managed to smile, though his breath caught. She seemed much more 
beautiful then he remembered. “It is good to see you again, Ayeka. Well, I need 
to get back. Ryoko will worry.”
	“Okay, bye!” Everyone said, and Kiyone went back to the song.

	Back home, lying in bed again, Tenchi sighed.

	The next morning, Tenchi was eating breakfast when Ryoko walked through 
the kitchen wall. Trying to stifle his anger, he stood and walked over to her. 
She reeked of sake. “Ryoko, where have you been?”
	She looked at him. “Does it matter?”
	He stared at her, then yelled, “Yes, it matters! You were gone all night!” 
He stopped suddenly, and looked at her. “Ryoko, why is your blouse on backwards? 
And inside out?”
	She sneered at him. “I was having fun last night, Tenchi. Why’s everything 
a mess around here? Didn’t you clean up while I was gone?”
	He gaped at her. Then the fight began. 
	Outside, Ayeka stood about to knock on the door. She slowly pulled her 
hand down, and walked back to the main house. 

	That night, Tenchi walked in to the sound of singing again. 
	“Hi Tenchi,” said Mihoshi, “Where’s Ryoko?”
	He nervously said, “Oh, she’s tired again today. She’s home sleeping.” She 
was out again. <Probably visiting one of her “friends”.> Tenchi thought 
bitterly. He sat down and listened to Sasami finish her song. 
	Ayeka got up next and slipped in a new CD. “I found this while I was in 
England. I think you guys’ll like it,” she said brightly.
	The song started to play, and as she started to sing, she looked over at 
Tenchi. Then she looked away and immersed herself in the song.

“So you’re with her, and not with me, 
I hope she’s sweet, and so pretty.
I hear she cooks delightfully.
A little angel beside you.

So you’re with her, and not with me,
Oh how lucky one man can be.
I hear your house is smart and clean.
Oh how lovely with your homecoming queen.
Oh how lovely it must be.

When you see her sweet smile, baby,
Don’t think of me.
When she lays in your warm arms,
Don’t think of me.

So you’re with her, and not with me,
I know she spreads sweet honey
In fact your best friend, I heard
He spent last night with her.

Now how do you feel, how do you feeeelll?

When you see her sweet smile, baby,
Don’t think of me.
When she lays in your warm arms,
Don’t think of me.
And it’s too late, and it’s too bad,
Don’t think of me.
Oh it’s too late, and it’s too bad,
Don’t think of me.

Does it bother you now all the mess I made?
Does it bother you now the clothes you told me not to wear?
Does it bother you now as the stupid games we played?
Does it bother you now when I’m not there?

When you see her sweet smile, baby,
Don’t think of me.
When she lays in your warm arms,
Don’t think of me.
And it’s too late, and it’s too bad,
Don’t think of me.
Oh it’s too late, and it’s too bad,
Don’t think of me...”

The song ended, and again Ayeka looked at Tenchi. She knew. He knew she did. 
Everyone clapped and cheered, saying Ayeka was great. No one else realized how 
pointed the message was. No one else knew about things with Ryoko. He stared 
into her cold violet eyes, and he felt the emptiness that had slowly been 
consuming him grow to monumental proportions.


Well, that’s it. 
This story was inspired by all the people who ignore Ayeka and 
have Tenchi fall in love with Ryoko for no good reason, and by the song 
“Don’t Think of Me” by the English pop artist Dido (I don’t know how 
many people will know who the heck I’m talking about). I don’t have a 
problem with Ryoko getting Tenchi, but she needs to earn him. Many 
people just have him fall for her, without her having done anything to 
deserve his love. I think that a lot of Ryoko lovers won’t like me for 
this one, but I am prepare for the flames. I’m also sorry I had to make Ryoko be 
so much a bitch, and that I had to ruin Tenchi’s life. Send C&C to 
mstrshark@aol.com. The song Ayeka sang was (obviously) “Don’t Think of Me,” by 
Dido, and I would assume it is owned by her. Please, do send feed back. 
