	Legal stuff: Tenchi Muyo! belongs to AIC and Pioneer Animations. 
Raikon, Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao belong to me as well as any 
other minor characters and locals. Akina Makibi and Yukio belong to Liz 
Holt. Enjoy! :)

***********************************************************************


	Raikon woke up in his Esuna Room the night after Akina and
Yukio's wedding. He bet they enjoyed each other. If it weren't for
Kiyone and Raikon enjoying themselves, they wouldn't have gotten 
any sleep. They didn't get any sleep anyway, which probably was the 
reason. 
	For Raikiyo, the sex was great. Every time it was the best.
Never waning but always at a constant wax. They stayed in the Juraian
Palace for about a month. Finally Akina and Yukio were wed. 
They were planning on returning to Earth today. It would be good to get 
back there. 

	"Does everyone have all of their things?" Raikon called out.
"Yes!" "Good. Is everybody ready?" They complied and boarded Saikyou.
Misaki and Funaho with Azusa trailing behind approached 
Raikon. He turned around and smiled. "Thank you all for greeting us 
before we leave." Ayeka, Sasami, and Kiyone walked up behind Raikon. 
Misaki gave him a bear hug, pushing out his breath. "I love you honey! 
Take care of yourself!" "No...problem..*ack*..Aunt..Misaki..guhh..." She 
let him go and he nearly fell to the ground, but Kiyone stabilized him. 
"Thanks sweetheart." She pecked him on the lips. Funaho grabbed Raikon 
and held him firmly as Misaki preceded to squeeze the life out of Kiyone 
then Ayeka and Sasami. "You stay out of trouble, baby. I hope to see 
some grandchildren on the next visit." She pat him on the back as he 
blushed. "Mother. Please." He rolled his eyes. "I'll try. Definitely." 
"There's my boy." She turned to Kiyone.
"Keep him out of trouble, my dear. And have plenty of fun." She winked. 
"No problem. Umm...We melted your present." Funaho blinked. "The whole 
thing?" "Um...heh heh..Yeah..." Kiyone blushed. "Well I'm glad to know 
you enjoyed it. Love you my dear, daughter." "I love you too, mother." 
They hugged each other and giggled.
	"Raikon. Take care of yourself and your bride. I hope to see you two 
soon." "No problem, father." Azusa smiled and walked off.
	Raikon and Kiyone followed the rest onto the ship. Azusa, Funaho, and 
Misaki shouted their good-byes.

	On the three peaceful days back home, they mostly slept...Two couples in 
more so than resting. Not a lot of sleep was actually had thanks to Raikon and 
Kiyone, and Akina and Yukio. Ayeka and 
Ryoko tortured Tenchi and got themselves drunk off Sake; Mihoshi slept 
as usual, how she did is still a mystery; and Sasami spent her time 
playing with Ryo-Ohki. 


	Finally, they reached Earth. "We'll be right back!" Raikon yelled out. 
"Yeah!" Kiyone began. "We're going to drop our stuff off at the apartment!" 
"Alright!" Tenchi replied. "Hope you guys 
come back soon!" "Of course!" Raikon replied. 
"EVICTION NOTICE?!" Kiyone screamed. Raikon blinked at the paper. "Oh 
damn...Well this certainly is rightiously stupid." Veins in Kiyone's 
forehead pulsed. He leaned over and kissed her neck. He felt the blood 
drain slowly from her neck. "Calm down." She smiled over at him. "Let's 
just go back to Okiyama."
	Inside of Raikyou, Kiyone was still irritated. "I don't understand why 
they evicted us..." "Just because you were gone for over a month...," Raikon 
teased. She blushed. "Yeah! Doesn't make any 
sense!" She giggled. She stroked his cheek and zapped him. He jumpe 
slightly.
"Whoa!" Raikon shook his head. "That didn't hurt...You just suprised me. 
Normally that would feel good....Hmm...Do it again!" She leaned up and 
blew into his ear, adding some elecricity with it. He shivered heavily. 
They looked into each other's eyes and pulled together, embracing in a 
kiss. 
	They turned around to see Mihoshi staring at them. "So..when are you guys 
gonna have a child?" They blushed and turned back around. "Someday..," he 
chuckled. "Y-yeah..," Kiyone stumbled. 
"Someday."  
	"Cause you know, I could take care of it for you guys!" Kiyone looked at 
her with ire in her eyes. 
	"Not after we heard what Washu told us about you and the other girls' 
escapades. Although you were actually less clutzy than Ayeka and Ryoko...," 
Kiyone recalled from what Washu told her. 
Raikon waved his hand, "Thanks anyway, Mihoshi." He considered for a 
moment. "We'll let you know when we actually have a child." He blinked 
then looked around. 	"Where did everyone go?" 
	He looked over to the right corner of the deck to see everyone wrapped in 
Teni wool blankets. Except for Akina and Yukio, whom he supposed were in the 
backroom underneath a Teni wool. 
	Raikon looked back at Mihoshi. "Go wake them all up. We're home." "Yes 
sir!" 
Raikon rolled his eyes. Kiyone pecked him on the cheek multiple times as 
she rubbed his chest.
He smiled and her her close. He drew his fingers up along her spine and 
played with her lovely, long, teal tresses as she tasted his lips and 
sprawled her fingers through his soft, cerulean hair.
	"Hello? Wake up. Tenchi? Ryoko? Miss Washu?" She wiggled everyone, but 
they did budge. "Why won't you guys wake up..?" "Huh?" Raikon looked back at 
Mihoshi bawling in confusion. 	
	"They're fine. Teni wool is very warm and comforting. I told you that. 
It's not easy to break a person under the Teni wool's magic." "Ma-...magic? 
*sniff*" 
Raikon blinked at her. "It makes a person sleep very hard. They are 
difficult to awaken. Got it? I doubt I could put it in more simple 
terms." 
	He pointed his hand to the group. "This is a good method." 
He sent a bolt crashing on them, sending vast amounts of electricity 
through their bodies.  
They all leaped from their skins and screamed. Washu ran up to Raikon. 
"What the hell was that for, boyo?!" He looked over to Kiyone, staring 
into space. "I had to wake you somehow." She growled then sighed. She 
dusted off her charred body and pulled out her telecomp. 
	She clacked in some keys and a portal appeared above the floor. She 
pressed down hard on a big button to the side and smiled. "Tee hee!" 
	The luggage crashed down on Washu's head. Raikon looked down at her with 
his telecomp in front of him. "Tee hee!"
	He felt a surge of electricity surge through him from his backside. He 
looked back at a smiling Kiyone. "That wasn't very nice," she said in a sultry 
tone. He smiled and kissed her temple.
	"C'mon everyone. Let's go inside." He began to approach the door when he 
turned around. "Where are Yukio and Akina?" He looked around everyone was quiet. 
		Everyone blinked as they heard panting, moaning, and groaning and 
sighs of ecstasy coming from the backroom. Everyone blushed as the walked down 
the incline exit of the hatch. They went 
into their resident rooms and put away their things.

	A few hours later, Akina and Yukio finally come out of Saikyou. Raikon 
turned around and looked at them. They looked fine besides the obvious dazed 
disposition in their wake. 	
	"Took you long enough." "What's going on?" Akina asked her brother. "We're 
making an extension to the house." 
	Washu turned around. "Yeah. With Kiyone, Raikon, and Mihoshi evicted from 
their apartment, we need more space. And you two, too. Also for any unexpected 
suprises...we'll have plenty of 
accomidation!" Yukio looked between them to see them both clicking in 
buttons on their telecomps. 
	Kiyone walked up to Raikon and smiled lovingly at him. She wrapped her 
arms around his middle and set her head on his shoulder. "It's looking good so 
far." She turned to Washu's system. "Yes. 
We'll need a couple more bathrooms. Maybe another one of those palace 
baths." 
	Ryoko appeared above them. "Oh! Yeah! Great idea! Maybe we could make a 
room with a bar in it! With plenty of hot Sake!" Ayeka walked up to view them. 
"Splendid idea, Ryoko."
	Kiyone stared at them, annoyed. "You two...Get off it. You get drunk 
enough." Washu turned back around. "Damned if they don't. At least it calms them 
down." "Then make one."
	"We'll need plenty of extra rooms...," Raikon said. "And this will look 
good here...Maybe this color for this room..." "Mmm...Good choice." "Thanks, 
love. Maybe we could put moon roofs over 
these rooms here... We could install a central air and central heating 
system... Let's put a training area in this section of the house...below 
the house..Hmm...What else?" 
	Kiyone nibbled on his earlobe as he contemplated the situation. He closed 
his eyes as she licked the inside of his ear. Washu poked him in the chest. 
"Hey, boyo! Are you ready to make the 
expansion?" "Huh? Oh yeah...yeah..." He pressed the confirmation button 
and Washu pressed the one on her telecomp. 
	A huge flash came from the center of the house. The luminous light flooded 
what seemed to be everything. 
Finally, when the light settled, the house appeared much the same but 
much larger. 
	"Whoa. That's amazing. Doing that in the touch of a button," Yukio said in 
awe.
"Yup," his older brother, Raikon replied. "Quite amazing. But not as 
amazing as my bride."
	They suddenly dissapeared from the area without warning.
"Hmm..Raikon, my sweet..You fashioned this room quite exquisitely," 
Kiyone giggled. "Why thank you, Princess...Much obliged, believe me." 
She giggled even moreso and walked to the bed, laying on a purplish-red 
Teni wool blanket...It was strangly warmer than usual...
	"A Teni blanket, still...But a rare mutation of the breed called Teni Kai. 
It has a more powerful electric force...They are mostly bought for erogenous 
occasions...But they also have a 
fulfilling of the soul...A sweet release...It is a mystical force that 
makes the process oh moreso enjoyable. I guess that's why they are so 
expensive. Lucky for me we have a slew of them at home...Thousands upon 
thousands." He looked softly at the fur that Kiyone spralled herself on.
"The stimulation effect occurs the moment your bare skin touches the 
fur. You know the sweet, wonderful feeling in the air we felt in the 
Thundara Ballroom while we danced..? That is the exact feeling you get 
with Kai."
	"God, I know! My Prince...Take me away.." She was rolling her body all 
over the bed waiting for him. He looked at his lovely Queen...His amazing bride. 
	He took her all into the day and throughout the night.
	
	When they awoke the next morning, walking down the hall and intangiating 
through the floor to the kitchen. They were suprised to see that Akina and Yukio 
weren't awake. They do keep one 
another busy but never miss a Juraian made breakfast.
	Kiyone walked up to the young chef. "Sasami, have you seen Akina and 
Yukio?" 
"Actually, I have. They went off in Yukio's ship." "Okay. Hmm...Must 
want to go have some fun out in the universe. Oh well..."  
"They'll be back," Raikon added. "Yeah.." Raikon and Kiyone sat on the 
floor in front of the table. "What are we having this morning, Sasami?" 
Kiyone asked her. "I made some omelettes, sausage patties, and honey 
fried rice-a new recipe I made." 
	"Sounds great," Raikon said. "And it's all almost finished!" "Wonderful," 
Raikiyo said simeultaneously.
	They leaned on one another's shoulder and kissed softly, smelling the 
sweet smell of Cherry Blossoms in bloom. "You know..," Raikon said in between 
kisses. "Those two probably went to 
Umbreinos. El Festivales de Noches will begin tonight. And it isn't to 
hard to reach it from here in about eight hours." She leaned her body on 
his side with her arms wrapped around his neck. That sounds like a lot 
of fun. Festivales de Noches..." 
	"Wanna go?"  
	"Sure!"
	"Let's eat breakfast, take a bath, and get ready. We'll leave in a couple 
hours." 
"Is sounds like it's fun." "Yes it is. You'll love it." She hugged him 
tightly and kissed him deeply. 
"That was refreshing." He replied to her sweet kiss. "Mmm...That it 
was," she said.
	"It's done, guys. Here you go." Sasami put the two platefuls in front of 
them and put out two mugs full of tea. "Thank you, sister. Where is everyone?" 
"Well, Raikon, they already had 
breakfast and are out doing chores. And Washu is in her lab, of course. 
They should be back soon, though." 
	"Oh okay." "Wow, Sasami. This is really great!" Kiyone complimented. "Oh, 
why thank you." Kiyone smiled at her sister and continued eating. 
	Sasami walked into the living room and sat down on the couch. She let out 
a heavy sigh. Ryoko came in the house through the sliding glass door with Ayeka 
not far behind her. 
	"Ugh...God...Why is it so damn hot today? Geez...it's like that sun," she 
speaded her hand directly in front of her face. "is right here." Ayeka stumbled 
through the doorway. 
	"Like Hell itself is upon us..," Ayeka grumbled. 
	"No kidding, princess." 
	They flopped themselves down onto the couch. "Thank God for central air," 
Ryoko said. "No," Ayeka corrected. "Thank my brother. That was oh so very kind 
of you, Raikon." 
He turned around with his face stuffed with Sasami's rice. "Hmm?" He 
gulped. "Oh, no problem, little sister." He continued eating. 
	Kiyone swallowed a piece of cheese engulfed egg and turned to Raikon. 
"Hey, did you put that in too?" "Of course," he said in a sultry tone. She 
giggled and he chuckled. Sasami, Ryoko, and 
Ayeka all stared at them while they laughed. Tenchi and Mihoshi walked 
in, looking like Hell, and joined the staring. 
	They finally realized that everyone was looking at them and they settled 
down with embarrassment. They continued eating with cheeks of deep rose. 
	"O....kay...," Tenchi said confused. Mihoshi still eyed them. "Hey...were 
you guys talking about what I think you were talking about?" She giggled. Their 
faces reddened moreso.
They didn't say anything. "Were you guys talking about..." "About what?" 
Kiyone said, her composure returning slightly. "Were you..." "What were 
we talking about, Mihoshi?" Raikon asked. 
	"Did you guys mean a bidet?" 
	Everyone tripped.
"A BIDET?!" Raikon screamed. "NO! THAT'S NOT!!!" Kiyone screamed. 
Raikon growled, "We meant the DUNGEON!!!" Their eyes widened when they 
realized what they said. Their faces turned completely red. No one said 
a word and they sat down.
	A few minutes later, they finished the breakfast. "We're taking a bath. 
You guys want to join us?" Kiyone asked. "Sure," Ayeka responded. "Now would 
really be a great time." Sasami cleaned the 
rest of the dishes and followed them Raikiyo, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Ryoko 
into the bathroom. "Ugh...I'm going to bed," Tenchi yawned. 
	Washu followed them in the hall. As she closed the door behind her, Ryoko 
looked to Washu. 
	"Why can't Tenchi bathe with us and Raikon can?"
	"I told you, as soon as one of you marry him, he'll be allowed in too. But 
ya ain't so he can't." 
	"That's so stupid."
	Washu smacked her bottom. "Listen to your mother."

	Everyone changed and slipped into the water.
"God, this feels good. A nice, hot bath...ahh..," Raikon sighed.
Kiyone rest her head on Raikon's chest as she trailed her finger in 
circles around his navel. Raikon drew his hand along her breasts and 
down her flank then along her belly.
	Ayeka and Ryoko, watching, turned their eyes to Washu.
 Ayeka was about to open her mouth when Washu said," I already told you. 
When one of you marry him, he'll be allowed in too." They growled at 
her.
	Mihoshi looked over at them. "Why don't you sneak him in here if you 
really want to have 'im here?" 
They looked at one another and blushed. Ayeka looked down. 	
"We've tried that." 
"Yeah. We...got teleported to the lake." Ryoko slides down into the 
water.
"Oh...," Washu said. "So that's what that was. Hahaha!" 
	Sasami waded over to Mihoshi. "They need to work on there strategies, huh, 
Mihoshi?" 
"Yes. They really should. A lot of their techniques aren't working."
Ayeka joins Ryoko in sliding into the water.
	"Hey princess, let's have some Sake. Whaddya say?" "Yes. That would be 
good."

	An hour later, Ayeka and Ryoko got themselves drunk and everyone else was 
dressed and dry. Raikon pulled them out of the water and threw them onto his 
shoulders.
"Geez...Do they really have to drink that much?" "I guess so," Kiyone 
responded, gathering up their clothes. 
He took them into the living room and laid them onto the couch. Kiyone 
laid their clothes on top of their bodies. "But they really should lay 
off the alcohol." 
"Tell me about it."

	"Well, everyone, we'll see you in a month!" Raikon said in departure. 
"Take care!" Kiyone said.
Everyone else said their good-byes as Saikyou lifted off.

	"This place is wondeful. It seems like it would be cold, but is actually 
very comfortable. Nice and warm." 
"I hope so. I can't-"
"You can't stand the cold," Raikon finished for her. "Yeah," Kiyone 
giggled.
	He kissed her soft lips as he held her in his arms at the control panel. 
"Mmm...That was interesting..." 
"Yes...I added some healing energy...Along with my tongue."
"Ahh...Refreshing...Just as good as..." She giggled. "Yes...I 
remember..I was searching your reinvoked file and found that you, among 
others, went around the scenes of battlefields and looked for 
survivors..."
	He smiled and nodded to her.
"Helping people...Just like you did, Nagi." 
	He nodded again. "Not everyone needs to be stripped, of course. But if 
they have major injuries in the chest, like an injured lung or a heart attack or 
the such...
Her left lung walls were held together by threads...She was lucky they 
didn't rip when she spoke or breathed...
She's strong...Or maybe it's the woman's will..." 
"Yeah...Nagi's a tough nut to crack."
"Unless Ken-Ohki crashes into a slow moving meteor..."
"Yeah...The poor woman." She looked deeply into his eyes. "You are the 
most wonderful person I've ever known."
"Oh contrare. You are the sweetest person I've ever known."
She tapped him twice on the nose. "I'm so glad that you did banish those 
dreams from my mind. We were meant to be together...And we proved it 
through our revived love..." 
"Yes...We met in our dreams...Lived and loved for nearly 22 years...
And here we are...Together forever. After quite an adventure."
"Yes...Together forever until we're killed...By someone or something..."
"Ahh...So you understand..." "Yes."
	"You know you are quite capable of healing as well as I. Right?" 
She nodded. 
	"But from my tests, the ones you heal won't need to sleep for three hours. 
Maybe half of an hour...If that. And you'll be able to form Shadow Balls. Only 
able to create small craters, but 
still powerful. And if we need to heal one another, we need not worry 
about sleep...And the Shadow Ball attack...On us it will...Heal instead 
of hurt...I'm not exactly sure why but I guess it's just because they 
are created through our souls and they only help their creators...I know 
that's a corny hypothesis, but...You get my drift."
	She giggled and pulled him close for another tender kiss. "I understand. 
That actually does makes sense, my dear Raikon." He chuckled and gave her a 
curing kiss. 
"I'm glad that you think so, my lovely Kiyone."
Raikon pulled a Teni Kai wool from a hatch beneath the control. 
He wrapped it around himself and his beautiful wife and snuggled close 
to her.
"We're going to reach Umbreinos soon."
"Huh? I thought you said it would take about seven hours...Oh no..."
"Yup. Kisses taste thrice the more exilerating in Hyperspace."
	With those words, Saikyou shot into Hyperspeed. 
"Umm...You tell no lies...My wonderful, wondeful husband."

	In a familiar forest clearing Saikyou did land on the surface of 
Umbreinos.
It was 9:15 in the evening and dark, yet illuminated by the stunning 
moon, Sarah Sari. The great, Holy moon. But this night and over the next 
twenty-nine days, it would be Dagger Alexia. It would shine a brilliant, 
deep Red every night of El Festivales de Noches at half past midnight 
until three in the morning.
This is Umbreinos' annual celebration of the awesome nights...El 
Festivales de Noches.

	"Wow. This sure is amazing. It's not cold at all." Kiyone kissed him 
firmly on the lips. "I told you. But somtimes it does get chilly. I made a Teni 
wool jacket for you. It's in our hold on 
the bed." She giggled. "Alright. Thank you, you sweet man." She kissed 
him again. He swept her off her feet and into his arms as he entered the 
capital town, Fenrix.
The gate entrance of the great city came up in a colossal arch with a 
single door at the left. Two young people could be seen inside. A young 
woman, sitting in front of the window, and a young man lounging in a 
chair reading a magazine.
	The gate officers, whom were GP officers, stopped them...briefly. "Hello 
sir. Who may I ask-" She gasped. "Puh-puh-puh..Prince Raikon! And Princess 
Kiyone! The saviors of the universe and two 
of the highest ranking officials!" Raikiyo nodded. 
"Hey Cei! Get your lazy butt over here!" The girl swung her hand to her 
forehead in salute. 
	"Prince Raikon Jurai, the second highest ranking long term GP officer, and 
Princess Kiyone Makibi Jurai, the highest ranking officer of the newest 
Generation of GP officers are here! And they 
really got married!"
The young man named Cei walked shakily up to them. "We don't bite," 
Kiyone said. 
Cei looked at the girl and said, "Isn't this great, Peiko? I told you 
this would be a great idea! Sure, it's boring as hell, but look who we 
met!"
She giggled at him in vain and nodded. Then she turned to Raikiyo and 
bowed.
"It's a great honor." "Oh, no need for that," Raikon said. She righted 
herself and blushed.
She offered her hand. They accepted it. 
Cei stepped forward and gave them his hand of which they also accepted.
Kiyone looked over to a still shaking Cei. "You guys should join the 
festivities." 
He was blushing and shivering but then finally gained his bearings.
	"We were ordered to stay at watch." Raikon waved it off.
"I'll set up a security system. And I'll give you kids a pardon." He 
looked over to a deep lake a tenth of a mile away from the clearing. He 
chuckled to himself as he pressed in keys. "There." 
Suddenly, a slight flash came from inside the office. 
Kiyone giggled as she leaned against Raikon. "Well, Peiko and Cei, is 
it? Let's go."
They walked on through. Peiko and Cei looked at one another, blinking 
for a moment, then shrugged.
	
	Peiko Lei was about 5'4" with vivid, green hair that hung down to her 
bottom and pinkish-purple eyes that shimmered when they reflected Sarah Sari. 
	Cei Verone was 5'6" and had had jet black hair cut short at the top of his 
ears and bright, yellow, feline eyes that sheened whenever they reflected Peiko 
Lei.

	As Raikiyo walked along the main street of the town, they found it 
unusually quiet. A few shops and stands were scattered at the curbs and there 
were many people shopping and simply looking. 
Other than that it was relatively quiet. 
Cei and Peiko walked about ten meters or so behind them.
	Kiyone whispered to Raikon, "Those two would be a cute couple." 
He nodded. "I just read their thoughts...They think very highly of one 
another...But won't admit it. At least Peiko won't. But I think..." 
"Wanna play matchmakers?" Kiyone asked with a giggled.  
"My thoughts exactly..." He kissed her tenderly on the lips. "And with 
our skills of love.."
	"It won't be too difficult," she finished. "You're working those powers, 
aren't you?" She smiled up at him. "Yep." She gingerly kissed his lips. 
"Ahh...You're learning the healing skill...And 
very well, I might add." He chuckled and complied by giving her a curing 
kiss. "Oh, why thank you."

	Cei looked over to Peiko as they followed Raikiyo. "Ever been in love, 
Peiko?"
She looked over at him and shook her head. "No. I haven't." Cei frowned. 
"Why do you ask?" He hastily changed the frown to a cheerful grin, yet 
in vain. "Oh, no reason. I mean looking at them. They're deep in love 
with each other. I heard that Prince Raikon knew Princess Kiyone 
practically all her life."
	Raikon tilted his head to the side. "What did I say about the 
formalities?"
His face turned ghostly white. "Uh..O-Oh...Sorry!" He looked over to 
Peiko. Raikon chuckled. "How did he know I said that?" 
She shrugged. 
"I heard he was a telepath." The color that had briefly returned again 
drained. "Oh. That makes s-sense..."  
Peiko eyed him with an expert amythst. "You seem really jumpy lately, 
Cei...Something wrong..?" 
He indeed jumped.
"Umm...No...I'm fiiine...What makes you think that?" 
"Cause...you seem...jumpy..." She let out a soft giggle. "Having an 
anxiety attack, Cei?"
[God...I love it when she does that...]
[Does what?]
He nearly jump out of his skin.
[WHO?! WHAT?!]
Peiko looked at him funny. "Are you not feeling well, buddy boy?"
"Huh? No...I'm fine." He smiled. "I'm fine."
[Heh heh heh...Dont' worry...Calm down.]
[Prince Raikon?]
[I'm not going to warn you again...Good that you recognized my voice. 
You are having an anxiety attack.]
[No I'm not Pri-Uh...I'm not having an anxiety attack, Raikon. Just not 
used to having people reading my mind.]
[Answer my question.] He said simply.
[Eh? Q-Question?]
[What is it that she does that you...love? I already know of course...]
[Her sweet laugh...It's so...sexy...]
[Pole.]
[Huh..?] 
*CLANG* He crashed to the ground.
"Oww..." Peiko was laughing hard but trying not to. "Cei? *snicker* Are 
you...*chuckle* Alright? Hehe.." "That wasn't funny..," he grumbled. She 
helped him to his feet.
"Ohh..I'm sorry. That was mean. But you've got to admit it was a little 
bit funny."
"Funny...RIIIIIGHT..." "Oh, calm down you big baby. Here." She turned to 
a shack to her side. 
"One please!" "21 Jurai." She paid the cashier. "Thank you, ma'am." 
Peiko nodded to him. She took the sky blue headband and wrapped it 
around his head.
"There. Makes you look really cute. Heh. There's an icepack in there so 
that'll help." " Yeah..But does it have to be friggin' coronet?"
"Pipe down. Like I said, it looks cute on you. Now stop talkin' and keep 
walkin'."
[You feeling alright, kid?]
[Yeah, thanks. I'm alright.]
[What else do you think about Peiko?]
[I love her. I've known her my whole life and we've grown up together. 
We graduated together. We've always been there for one another.]
[How is life on Umbreinos, anyway?]
[Good...Yeah. We've lived here all our lives.]
[So why haven't you confessed your love for Peiko?]
[....]
[You're afraid of being turned down.]
[....Ahem...] Cei finally got his bearings back.
[I love the way her eyes sparkle when they reflect Sarah Sari...And the 
way her hair shimmers in the light of the wondeful Dagger 
Alexia...Somehow...
Whenever the red light floods the land for those three and a half 
hours...
Her hair remains it's beautiful verdancy...She is my mint...]
[You should confess yourself.]
[I know...I know I should...But...I-I..I can't...]
[I'll help you...Alright?]
[You...you will?]
[No, no...Don't worry about payment.] He chuckled. [I'm just doing this 
because it's needed.]
[Th-Thank you...]
[Don't worry about it...Um..]
	Peiko tugged him out of the way of a swinging overhead sign.

	"What the hell are you doing? Pay attention!" She forced the worry from 
her eyes. "What are you zoning out about, anyway?"
"N-nothing. I'm alright, now. " He smiled kindly to her. "Thanks for 
your concern."
She forced on her lips a grimace. "Hey...Don't get too comfortable, 
buddy boy..."

	"Yeah...They're in love with each other," Kiyone whispered to Raikon. "I 
talked with her and Peiko admitted it openly. I'm really astonished at some of 
the things she told me. You wouldn't 
tell at first glance she's kinky." 
	Raikon's face turned light scarlet. "That's nice to know, love." She 
giggled. "Isn't it though? Well I don't think it'll be that hard to get them 
together. Just a little effort."
	He nodded. "Yeah...Just a bit. They have strong reserves...I'll give them 
that."
"That's true. But we won't have trouble, will we, hun?" "Nope. These 
kids are gonna wake up."

	Cei sighed heavily. "Well, Peiko, what do you wanna do?" "I'm not 
sure..Let's follow them." She looked in front of her and saw Raikiyo close 
together.
Then a moment later, they vanished.
"HUH?!" They blinked around and finally remembered they attained the 
ability of teleportation. 
	"Aw damn!" he said, kicking a tree. He swallowed.
Peiko eyed him. "Hurt yourself?" He sighed and smiled. "No..I'm fine."  
"Well...What do we do now?" "We were born here...Let's hang around. 
We'll check out some shops." 
"Yes, we were. But not this side of the planet." Cei looked over at a 
table. "Hmm..This looks good..." 
	The man working at the Buffalo Wing stand looked up at him. "Six piece, 
eight piece, 12 piece, or 24 piece...What'll it be?" 
He pondered. "Eight piece." He looked up at the sign. "Honey Barbeque, 
please."
"That'll be 53 Jurai." He paid the man. 
He handed Cei a small box. "Thank you." "Enjoy 'em. Eat 'em while 
they're still hot, kid."
Cei and Peiko nodded. 
	They walked over to a bench and sat down. He opened the box and they 
inhaled the wonderful scent. Peiko snatched up a leg and calmly bit off a piece 
of chicken. Cei snagged a wing and began 
munching.

	Meanwhile, Raikiyo were watching them from a nearby dance club. "This is 
gonna be a lot easier than we thought," Kiyone said. "Yeah...Hey, why don't we 
get a couple drinks?"
"Sure." 
	They walked up to the bar and smiled at the bartender. He nearly jumped 
out of his skin upon the sight of them. "Prince Raikon and Princess Kiyone! It's 
an honor to have you here on 
Umbreinos." "Yeah. El Festivales de Noches is something that isn't to be 
missed."  
"Yes." The bartender finally regained his composure. "What will you 
have?" 
"Hmm...I'll have a...Serule Mist, please," Raikon requested. "And I'll 
have a Kumquat Boba," Kiyone ordered. "Sure. That comes to 35 
Jurai...But these are on the house. I hope you two enjoy your stay 
during the celebration."
	"We will," Raikon responded. Kiyone smiled deeply into his eyes and pecked 
him on the lips. 
The bartender gave them their drinks. He gave Raikon an icy, blue drink 
with swirls of red.        Kiyone recieved an light orange, Boba drink. 
"Thank you, sir."
"In a few hours, they'll start up the beach parties and parades."  
"Yeah...Then the madness begins," Raikon said then laughed heartily. The 
bartender laughed with him. "Ahh..." He looked over to Kiyone. "You'll 
see what I mean soon.."
	Kiyone smiled. "These Bobas are great!" "Thank you, ma'am."
"Hey, do you know of any good hotels to stay in?" "Yeah. Go to the 
capitol house. They have the Royal Motel finally finished." "Thank you, 
again." 
Raikon and Kiyone finished the last of their drinks. 
Raikon set down 35 Jurai on the table. "Later."
The capitol building actually wasn't too far from where they were. 
Just about a mile walk.
	
	"Those were delicious!" Peiko chirped. "Yeah, weren't they though?" Cei 
said, wiping his hands on a napkin. "Well, we should go look for Raikon and 
Kiyone." She nodded in agreement.
	"Buenos noches, senorita," Raikon whispered. Peiko nearly jumped out of 
her skin.  
Kiyone gently tapped a finger on Cei's shoulder. He was equally 
frightened.
Peiko's eyes were burning. "Are you trying to give me a heart attack or 
something?!"
	Raikon simply chuckled. "Calm down, calm down. Sorry, we snuck up on you 
two."
	The color returned to Cei's face. "Well, thank God we found you...Or you 
found us." 
Kiyone nodded. "We have reservations at the Capitol Royal Motel."
	"Really? Wow. Thanks!" he said. "Yes! Thank you very much. It'll be 
interesting to see the inside of it," Peiko added.
	"Okay then. Shall we join in the festivities?" Raikon said. 










