	Legal stuff: Tenchi Muyo! belongs to AIC and Pioneer Animations. 
Raikon, Saikyou, Xeresei, and Lord Tatsao belong to me as well as any other 
minor 
characters and locals. Akina Makibi and Yukio belong to Liz Holt. 
Be prepared for moments of sexual innuendo. Enjoy! :)
***********************************************************************


	Dagger Alexia rose from her unparalled grave. At midnight her reign 
returned. At midnight...
	It all began.
Her garnet-bathed beauty overtook Umbreinos for 29 days. 
Every decade her glorious rule returned...
	And in twenty-nine days fell...
Her sister, Sarah Sari, ruled over the land in her standing...A glorious pearl-
wash over 
Umbreinos. 
The party had only just begun....


	The first few week Raikiyo and Peiko and Cei enjoyed the long beach 
parties on Umbreinos' lovely shores. They took long swims, competed in fire 
walking competitions, listened to the tides come in...
And enjoyed one another's company...
	But one morning at their rooms in the hotel...

	Cei and Peiko woke up around 11:00 AM and it was 2:00 PM and Raikiyo still 
weren't up. They went to their door and knocked. No response. Unforetunately, 
they didn't know that the rooms were soundproof.
	"Oh God! Oh yes! Ugghhh!" Kiyone shouted in passion. "God...I love doing 
this every night! It's so gggooodd!" Raikon growled in rapture. "Yeah! Damn, 
you're good, Raikon baby!"
They continued their leisure pleasurably.
	"Hello?" They knocked again. Peiko looked over at Cei. "Let's go inside." 
He nodded.
His hand rested on the knob. He slowly twisted it then pushed it forward.
When they saw what was occuring, their faces turned a ghostly white. Then 
quickly 
became a brilliant shade of red. "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! OOohhh yeah..," they heard 
Kiyone 
shout.
They couldn't speak.
They swallowed hard.
	"Hey baby?" Kiyone looked down as she slid up and down on him. "What is 
it?"
He chuckled softly. "We have visitors." 
She stopped bouncing. 
Her face now turned pale then a deep red. Then she yelped. 
Raikon shot up and swung his arms around her naked, perspiration-sopped body and 
held 
her tightly to himself. He pulled her down to the bed and covered themselves 
with the 
sheets and comforter. "Give us a minute! We'll be out in a few."
Cei and Peiko nodded then walked back into the hall, closing the door behind 
themselves.
	They looked into each other's eyes dizzily. 
Peiko spoke first. "Th-that's my shock for the day..." Cei shook his head 
heavily. "Y-
yeah..."
Their thoughts weren't actually as shocked as the put it out to be.
[Damn...Prince Raikon is hung!] Peiko thought.
[Damn...Princess Kiyone's got a nice rack!] Cei thought.
	Not to mention	very alike and very intrigued.
[I'd love to do that to Cei...Heh heh...] she said.
[Peiko...I'd love to have her...] he said.
	[If only s/he loved me...] they thought.
They were swooning over one another in their minds, not realizing their feelings 
for one 
another.
	
	Finally, after nearly twenty more minutes of waiting, Raikiyo came out.
Peiko eyed them. "What took so long?" "Really..," Cei added with annoyance in 
his 
voice.  
"Well...If you must know..," Raikon began. Kiyone giggled. "We hate leaving 
things half 
finished!" She smiled and rested her head on Raikon's broad shoulder. 
Cei and Peiko's faces again turned a bright scarlet.
	"Well," Raikon said. "Let's go. I'll make some...lunch and we'll get a 
move-on." 
He grinned warmly then laid his head on Kiyone's as they walked down the hall.
	Both Cei and Peiko were wishing to have the other like that.

	Akina and Yukio woke up late in the day, around 2:30 PM.  
"Mmm..honey?" Yukio grinned down at her. "Right here."
She smiled and lean forward, kissing him softly on the lips. "We have five more 
days of 
El Festivales de Noches." "Great...I love this." He smile began to fade. 
"Where's Kioko?"
He chuckled lightly. "She's right in your loving hands, dear." 
She sighed a breath of relief. 
She leaned down and stroked back her golden-flocked hair and kissed her temple. 
The child gripped her waist a bit tighter. Yukio stroked her cheek.
"Our lovely daughter..."

	"I've said it before, and I'll say it again! This cooking is great!" Peiko 
shouted happily.
Cei chuckled and nodded. "Yeah, you're a wonderful cook, Raikon."
"Yes..He is," Kiyone said, pecking him sweetly on the lips. "I thank you." He 
looked deep 
into Kiyone's eyes. "I thank you all..," he said with a mysterious tone in his 
voice.
He kissed his love deeply.
	"You guys are a wonderful couple," Peiko said. Kiyone smiled at her. 
"That's sweet of you." 
She glanced back to Raikon. "You know..," she returned her gaze to Peiko, "I 
think you 
and Cei should get together."  
	Cei stopped eating for a moment and blushed. Peiko was trying to find a 
lame way around it. She put her arm around Cei. "We're really great 
friends...heheh...That's all. Huh?" 
Cei woke back out of his trance and nodded.
	"Oh? Well I think you two'd look cute together," she said, "that's all." 
She smiled at Peiko. Peiko softly shook her head then let it sigh to her chest. 
Kiyone grin 
widened. Peiko looked up, her eyes sparkling.
	Cei was a bit confused. He raised his brow then looked over to Raikon. 
"What are they..doing?"  
"No idea," he said, knowing very well what they were saying. Cei shugged and 
took a big 
drink of his tea.
	He pointed down at the mug. "Hmm...This is really good..And it has an 
interesting taste I've never experienced." Peiko nodded. "Yeah, it has a flavor 
similar to the food's."
	"In everything I make I put in this spice called Teal spice. It gives a 
wonderful taste to anything edible." 
"Well it really livened up this food." Cei agreed. 
Raikon beamed.
	"Thank you, kids. I appritiate it." Kiyone nibbled on his ear and giggled. 
"I'm feeling a little...What did you put in my tea, baby?" 
Raikon chuckled. "I put in some grounded-up Teni Kai wool. I guess the 
experimentation 
worked." 
	"Teni Kai?" Peiko asked. "It's a mutation species of a sheep on Jurai. I 
have a great herd of Teni. The wool is extremely warm and comforting. It's 
electrically charged and Teni Kais...Their wool...Well...Their wool increases 
carnal 
endulgences..." 
	"Sounds..exciting," Cei said. "Exactly," Raikon replied.
	Cei pondered. "You ground up wool?" He nodded.
	"Seems weird..." Raikon shook his head. "You just takes some wool, put it 
into a bowl, ignite the wool, and then crush it until it becomes a fine powder." 
	Cei's brow raised. "You burn the wool?" 
	"Yes. It extinguishes itself almost immeadiately so-" He shivered. 
Kiyone smiled into his deep eyes as she took her tongue from his ear. He brought 
his face 
over and kissed her softly. 
He looked back over to Cei and Peiko.
"So you don't need to worry about anything. Nothing will burn except the wool 
and that's 
only for a few seconds." "I think I got it," Cei said, smiling.
	Peiko looked up at the ceiling, grinned, and closed her eyes.
[Good idea, Kiyone...I'll do that..]
[You think that'll work?..Alright, I'll do it, Raikon.]
	[Yeah...This stuff really works...Hell of an aphrodisiac...heh heh...] 
Kiyone responded.
[Seems like it...]
	[Teni Kai wool really does work well as an aphrodisiac...] Raikon told 
Cei.
[Heh heh...I guess so.]
	Raikon looked around the table. "Well, shall we get on?" Kiyone gave him 
another shuddering kiss in his ear. He grinned, leaned over, and kissed her on 
her forehead.
	Cei and Peiko watched them reflectively, then looked over at one another.
Then saw the looks on each other's faces and turned away, reddened.
	Raikiyo laughed quietly.
Cei and Peiko finished off their breakfast and both asked for another cup of his 
green tea.
	Raikon chuckled as he stood. "I'm really glad you guys enjoy it. I really 
enjoy cooking. About as much as I like being an officer...But never as much as I 
love being with my Kiyone." 
She stood with him and leaned on him with her arms wrapped around his neck.
	She giggled and dreamily said, "Isn't he just the sweetest?" 
She left the ground and levitated as Raikon walked to the stove. 
	Kiyone nibbled on his earlobe and kissed his throat as he poured tea into 
the two cups. He smiled as she again licked his ear. He put a pinch of Teal in 
both cups then turned his head around and kissed her tenderly on her lips.
	Once again, Cei and Peiko looked on reflectively at them. This time Peiko 
laid her head on Cei's shoulder. He smiled and closed his eyes.
	A snap woke them from their dreamland. "Wakey, wakey, kids," Raikon said.
"Here's the tea." 
	Kiyone whispered, "Finally...They are starting to fall for one another." 
"Yeah...It's taken a while but we've finally broken those reserves." 
"Heh...We've only got only five more days to get them together." 
"We can do it."
"Yeah." Raikon looked to Peiko and Cei. "Well, are you two ready to go?"
	They woke up again with a start. "Hmm? Yeah..." They stood up drozily. 
Raikiyo walked through the suite door and held it open for them. "Wake up you 
two!"  
They jumped. "Are you two alright?" Kiyone asked. Peiko nodded. 
"Yeah...Sorry...Heh."
Kiyone raised an eyebrow. "You keep falling asleep..." Raikon looked at her.
	"Mihoshi syndrome." 
Kiyone tried to retain her laughter but to no avail. Cei blinked at her. "Huh?"
Raikon chuckled and looked to him and smiled. "Don't worry." 
Cei and Peiko looked at one another with confusion. They stepped out of the 
Royal 
Motel and carried onto the street.
	"So, Raikon, what are we going to do today?" Peiko asked.
He pondered. "Hmm...Let me think...How about we go to Kaherra Falls?" 
	"Oh yeah! That place is beautiful!" Cei exclaimed.
"Pole."
"Huh?"
	*CLANG*
Cei fell into a heap. Peiko ran to him on the ground. "Cei! Are you okay?!"  
He sat up. Raikiyo snickered. He shakily said, "I think so.."
"That's the fourth time, Cei...Watch where you're walking..."
	She flicked him in the forehead on which his coronet was. "Glad you keep 
this thing on."
"Yeah...I'm only a little shaken up..." Raikiyo walked over and helped him to 
his feet.
"And I warn you every time...," Raikon sighed.
	Peiko held him up with her arm wrapped around his shoulders. He smiled 
over at her. She shook her head. "Poor boy...What would you do without me?" 
"I really don't know.." He looked over at Raikon.
	"How are we gonna get there? By Saikyou?" He nodded. "Cool. That was a 
really fun ride in Hyperspace." "No kidding," Peiko said.
	When they reached the docking area, which was almost a quarter mile away 
from the hotel, Peiko and Cei again-as they had done many times-stood bewildered 
by the sight of the amazing, jet-black spaceship.
	Cei's jaw hung down as he stared upon the sight. Peiko looked on also over 
his shoulder. She lightly slapped his cheek. "Stop gaping, you're going to catch 
flies."
Raikon looked at them oddly. "You two've seen Saikyou many a time. Why are you 
so 
bewildered?" Cei flushed then shook his head. "Nothing. It's just that it's 
interesting...
This ship that carried one whom helped...but also hurt many."  
	Raikon stared at the ground. "Yeah...I only hope the people whom's loved 
ones were hurt by me have forgiven me. Still...Before I sleep I pray for those 
lost souls."
	Kiyone took a step forward. "Yes. " She smiled up into his warm, royal-
teardrop eyes. "He does. Every night after....um...He prays for a time for all 
those people and their families. Even for what he has done in the past, he is a 
great, loving, 
wonderful man."
She leaned on his side.
	Peiko smiled. "So you've told us. Many a time as well." She glanced to Cei 
then back to Raikiyo. "Well? Are we leaving?" 
Raikon snapped his head up. "Umm...Yeah...Let's go." He and Kiyone turned around 
and 
walked up the incline to Saikyou's hatch. Cei and Peiko followed.   
	Raikon walked to the control panel. He pressed in a few buttons and the 
hatch closed. Kiyone sat in a seat in front of the control panel next to 
Raikon's. He sat in it and pressed in some more keys. He smiled back at Peiko 
and Cei who 
found themselves in two seats behind Raikiyo. 
	"On our way to Keherra Falls." Kiyone wrapped her arm back around Raikon's 
neck. Cei stealthily put his hand over Peiko's wrist. She made a small smile, 
trying to withhold a goofy grin. He smiled back warmly then uneasily retracted 
his 
hand. Peiko frowned in her mind, wondering why he was so afraid. 
	She finally resolved that he was simply just afraid of how she might react 
as she was of how he would react. And she was quite correct.
	
	Upon arrival of the land called the Keherra Falls Valley, they all beamed 
at the sight. 
"Oh wow! This is amazing!" Peiko shouted. "Yes...It's wonderous...Beautiful," 
Cei said in 
a near whisper. 
Kiyone gently clawed her fingers down Raikon's neck. "Honey...This is 
gorgeous..."
"Yes it is...The splendor and serenity of it is completely divine." 
	Kiyone looked up at him. 
	"Why couldn't we have come here for our honeymoon?"
Raikon chuckled. "Well now, my lovely...If we didn't stay at the palace, we'd 
never had 
had all that fun in the dungeon." Kiyone became rose and giggled. 
Cei and Peiko blinked.
"Oh....Yeah...That was so much fun..." "Too bad we used all of Funaho's candle." 
They blinked again.
Raikiyo laughed heartily.
"Umm...Excuse me but...What the hell are you guys talking about?" Peiko asked, 
somewhat frightened. Raikon chuckled. "Don't worry about it."
Cei and Peiko looked at each other, confused. Then they simply shrugged it off. 
	Raikon looked about them and said, "You all are really going to love it 
here. It's great up here." 
Eventually Raikon found a clearing and landed. The spot was a tropical plain 
surrounded 
close by thick trees. After they were ready, he led his Kiyone, Cei, and Peiko 
on through 
the Main Falls. 

*****

	"Through here," Raikon told them softly. "Watch your heads." Cei chuckled 
as he swerved past a stalagtite. "Ha. Didn't get me this time...Whoa!" 
As Cei brushed himself off, he looked back at the stalagmite that took him off 
his feet.
Peiko's face was red...She couldn't retain the laughter anymore and fell to the 
ground, 
holding her side. 
	She looked up as Cei hulked her to her feet. "Ahh...Thank you, Cei. I'm 
sorry, but that truely was hilarious." He groaned indignantly at her. "You have 
horrible luck, Cei."
He let out a long breath and looked around. "Does anyone have an aspirin?"
Raikon chuckled and handed him a small, purple, circular leaf. "Chew on that. It 
will 
take away the pain quickly."
He put it in his mouth.
	Suprisingly, it was as flexible as jerky; as he bit into it a gelatinous 
fluid expelled from it. In moments the pain in his head had extinguished. "Wow." 
He looked over at Raikon.
"Thank you, Raikon. That really helped the migraine."
"No problem, Cei."
He pointed ahead. "We're almost there."
	Kiyone looked at the light ahead of them and began to notice the gentle 
sound of flowing water. 
[Raikon? Is it?]
He smiled warmly at her in the darkness but she had no trouble whatsoever seeing 
his 
visage.
[It is, my love.] She made a soft moan of glee and hugged him tight. 
[You are just so wonderful.]
[No...That would be you.]
She smiled at him and kissed him deeply.
	When they had reached a right curve in the cave, Raikon stopped.
Peiko and Cei looked back at him. "Why'd ya stop?" Cei asked the obvious 
question.
His grin broadened as he stepped forward and swept his hand before himself. A 
green 
flame danced in his palm as he spoke.  
	"I welcome you..." Suddenly everyone lifted from their feet and floated 
around the bend. "to Keherra Falls."
	A lovely sight met their eyes. Clear, crisp, fresh water crashed down to 
the rocks far down below. The cave walls surrounding the Falls were a deep red. 
They noticed as they looked past the waters that the sky was tinted a lovely 
shade of 
crimson.
	"Beautiful...Is it not?"
Everyone was speechless. Raikon let his hands drop and the verdant flame puff 
out.
"Alright! Let's make up camp."
	Kiyone watched the two jump. The area of the cave they were standing in 
was a bit too low.She giggled softly. 
Raikon rolled his eyes and handed them a pua leaf each.
They eagerly chewed on them.
	In about twenty minutes they finished cleaning and setting up their area. 
Cei and Peiko were suprised to find the place, so close to the Great Keherra 
Falls, was dry.
Peiko walked up to him. "Raikon? How does this cave keep dry?"
Raikon smiled. "Glad you asked. It's quite simple, really. I just put up a 
barrier to keep 
the water from getting in here."
She blinked. "Wow...That is simple...Wait a second. No it's not! I don't know 
one damn 
thing about m-" 
"Settle down." 
	Cei put a hand on her shoulder. "Really, Peiko, don't freak out over 
nothing."
Her fuming did not halt. But she decided to expel it with a sigh.
"Okay...I'm sorry." 
Raikon mussed her hair. "No need to be sorry. It wasn't a big deal to begin 
with. Now, 
this is getting monotonous. Let's get some sleep."
Kiyone snagged his ankle and pulled him to the ground, onto the Teni-Kai wool 
blanket 
she was sitting upon. He chuckled as she smothered him with kisses and pulled 
his 
beneath the blanket. The green flame that floated in the air dissipated, leaving 
the cave in 
total darkness. 
	Cei and Peiko stood there in the darkness. All they could hear was the 
rushing of the Great Keherra Falls and the romantic laughter of Raikiyo.
Peiko looked over at where she last heard Cei's voice. "Cei?" she asked, putting 
her arm 
out into the darkness. "Is that you..?" She touched nothing, and in doing so 
tumbled 
forward.
Or would have, had Cei not caught her from behind. 
	The sudden grasp of the strong hands at her middle made the fine hairs on 
the back of her neck stand up. Cei pulled her against himself.
"That would not have been a smart move..." She saw a small blur of motion, which 
she 
guessed was his leg, and a clack. The rock he kicked didn't skid against flat 
cave ground 
nor hit a wall.
It fell straight down.
*plunk*
	She turned around and without realizing what she had done, swung her arms 
around Cei. She was breathing hard. 
"Th-thank...you...," she managed in a squeak. He held her back a bit and 
laughed.
"What was that? A squeak? Heh heh..." She shrugged and threw herself back 
against him.
[So what if I did squeak? The big jerk...] she thought to herself. 
	"Where are our things?" Her eyes were adjusting now...To what advantage id 
gave, she had yet to see. For she couldn't see more than a hand in front of her 
face. He held up something and in exactly the right angle. The moonlight caught 
it 
and she saw it was her pack. He pointed to somewhere in the darkness and led her 
there. 
She saw white.
It was blankets.
	He helped her to the ground and followed, crawling beneath the bedding.
She scrambled in with him. 
	Suddenly, a shaft of red light came into the cave...
The laid there, looking deep into one another's eyes. 
Cei placed his hand against her cheek she leaned against his hand. He rubbed her 
cheek.
She gave him a small smile. He stretched his arm to her back and pulled her 
chest against 
his. She slipped her hand beneath his head and pressed her other hand to the 
middle of 
his back. Then locked on other's gaze. She could literally taste his breath.
She draped her leg over his; they brought their hands before their eyes and 
entangled 
their fingers. They returned them to hold each other. Close...so close.
His lips brushed hers.
	Suddenly, the crimson blush faded and passed over them. The passion they 
felt passed as well.
Cei rolled over and pulled the covers up to his chin.
"Peiko?" he said quietly over his shoulder. "Yes?"
"Could you rub my back..?" She let out a soft giggle. "Sure thing, Cei."
	She scooted closer and brought her hands to his shoulders and began the 
massage.
After some time, she felt his body go limp. She laid there listening to his even 
breathing.
She felt a tear fall across her cheek. She pressed herself against his back and 
wrapped her 
arms around him tightly. Soon she felt herself drifting off as well...

	He chuckled.
"That was easy."
She pecked him on the lips. "Yes...It was."
"They can finish the rest."
She looked up at him. "But honey...They did it on their own."
He nodded. "Yes...I know. I have heard that the scarlet light of Dagger Alexia 
can do 
some amazing things with two lovers..."
She smiled. "Really?"
He nodded; he pointed at the red stream flowing towards them.
"Here it comes."
She giggled. "Yup."
"Let us bath in the glorious light of Dagger Alexia!"
The crimson lunar-light fell on them.
"Oh! Rai-kon!"

	The next morning....
"I don't think I'm going to get up for a bit, dear," Kiyone whispered gently 
into her 
Prince's ear. Raikon chuckled.
"I guess that was some aphrodisiac, huh?" 
She sucked on his earlobe as she giggled. "Oh yeah. Definitely."
Raikon stroked her lovely, thick, long teal tresses. "The kids will wake soon. 
I'm going to 
make some breakfast, alright?" She nodded. "Hurry back."
	He nodded to her with a smile then lifted off the ground to intangiate 
through the roof of the cave and through the bottom of Saikyou.
	Cei and Peiko woke, just as he had said, not long after. Kiyone combed her 
hands through her long hair, taking slow deep breaths as she lay on the magical 
wool blanket.
She leaned up and smiled at them. "Morning, you two." They nodded, yawning, and 
gave 
their greetings. Cei looked around, seemingly in a daze.
"Where's Raikon?" Kiyone pointed at the ceiling. "Making breakfast."
Peiko made a light squeal. "Oh God! I can't wait! He's such a great cook. You're 
really 
lucky, Kiyone." She nodded and gave her a devilish smile. "So are you," she 
said, giving 
a glance to Cei. They looked at one another and blushed. "Uhh...."
	Suddenly, and thankfully they heard Raikon's voice, shouting to them that 
breakfast was ready. Kiyone followed as he did, flying staight up through the 
roof of the cave, into Saikyou. 
Cei and Peiko dashed through the shortcut Raikon had shown them of how to get to 
the 
outside of the cave where Saikyou was. 
The walked through the hatch door and sat at the table in the center of the vast 
deck; at 
their seats were a plate of scrambled eggs, three sausage patties, and miso soup 
with a 
glass of milk at the side.
	After breakfast, Raikon took them through some of the more secluded, 
quiet, calm and peaceful areas of the lush jungle atmosphere. The delicate 
plants held stunning beauty; the soft winds brought the scent of the sweet 
grasses of the 
Lower Nyken Valley savanna.
The Dugato Highlands strained their stamina in the long hikes Raikon took them 
on, the 
wisping fog keeping them brisk. They trailed through the quiet Ghent Marshes, 
daring to 
hear a thing amongst the moss covered boulders that emassed a large proportion 
of the 
swamp.He led them through the Xai Reef, a splendorous extent of coral far to the 
east of 
the Keherra Falls Valley.

	For the next three days they slept under the stars in various places. 
Beautiful, spectacular, even surreal places that the average eye had not the 
privilege to view. They slept at the wonderful protection of Dagger Alexia's 
keeping, crimson 
light.
	
	"This is the last day of this celebration of the red moon...Of El 
Festivales de Noches," Raikon said as Saikyou approached the capitol city of 
Fenrix.
Cei smiled warmly over at Peiko. "We're going back home...That was fun, huh?"
She nodded with a dreamy smile of her own for him. "Definitely."
	Raikon, with his arm draped around Kiyone's shoulders, pulled her close 
and kissed her ear, his hand stroking her long, full hair. "Not long now," he 
whispered. 
She giggled softly. "Not at all."
Peiko tapped Raikon on the shoulder. He turned, smiling at her. "In a few hours 
they will 
let off the fireworks! They were always my favorite part of the whole month!"
He chuckled. "Yeah. They are glorious, are they not?"
She shook her head ferociously then turned back to the window she was looking 
intently 
out from. Raikon shook his head, trying to keep himself from bursting out in 
laughter at 
her eagerness. Kiyone laid her head against his chest with her arms around him.

	He mussed his daughter's hair. She swatted his hands from her blond head 
and pouted up at him. "Daddy! Leave my hair alone! I like the pretty bow mommy 
put in it!" 
Yukio chuckled at her. Akina growled at him teasingly. "Yeah, leave her hair 
alone!" 
His pout was identical to Kioko's: Irresistible. Akina giggled and fell to the 
blanket in his 
arms with Kioko jumping on her mother's back. Yukio tickled her ribs from 
underneath 
Akina. She laughed with glee then slipped back to the ground, from off her steed 
of a 
mother. She looked at the sky smiling. "It's almost time..." Her grin widened.
"Auntie and Uncle are coming..."

	Raikon unfurled a soft Teni blanket on the grass of the rimming hillside 
surrounding Fenrix. Peiko and Cei made themselves comfortable while Raikiyo 
stood together, away from them not by four feet.
"Hey, guys? You two stay here, we're going to take a walk." They nodded to 
Prince 
Raikon beneath the coat of darkness illuminated by a minor streak of sunlight at 
the 
horizon.
The walked away, but did not take a walk. They circled around and found a cliff 
right 
above the two. 
	Peiko was playing with a strand of hair while she looked into Cei's 
catlike eyes. She looked down, putting her hand in his. He closed that hand. 
With his other he rested a hand to her cheek. They leaned closer to each other.
Peiko said, softly, "Cei....I-"
*SHOOM* 
A firework jetted into the sky, bursting in a stream of color. 
She frowned up at it, as if to why it couldn't have come afterwards. 
He smiled as he stroked her neck. "I-"
A stream of white sparking fell from its detonation.
They both let out nervous sighs as they automatically leaned closer.
She made her lips brush his.
He finally found his peace and blocked out the flashes of color above him.
Raikiyo's hands knitted tighter.
"I love you."
Both of their eyes widened. They said that a bit too loud.
Cei and Peiko leaned deeper, pressing their lips together, at last making a 
deep-lasting, 
forever bonding kiss.
Raikon combed his hand through his wife's hair. "They didn't hear us. They both 
thought 
they were the ones who said it."
She smiled and nodded. "Let's go look for them."
He nodded and floated to his feet with her in his arms.

	Kioko smiled at all the pretty colors lighting the dark sky. She could see 
a faint red glow coming from the horizon where the sun fell into the far off 
sea. Her parents said it was a phenoma...phin? She didn't remember the word but 
it started 
with a 'ph' and had an 'f' sound. She was learning to read and write and spell 
very well. 
She was a good study for five years old, he mother told her. The red moon was 
called 
'Dagger Alexia', though. It was very beautiful too and she watched it for the 
last twelve 
nights. Her mommy and daddy were holding each other and licking each other's 
mouths. 
She thought they were silly when they made those little noises.
She turned back to the sky, enflamed by a conflagration of colors.
Kioko saw them out of the corner of her eye. The woman who was her mother's 
older 
sister's face was nearly the opposite of her hair's.
	"Mommy! Daddy! Auntie Kiyone and Uncle Raikon are here!"
They jumped to their feet as her aunt and uncle landed down. 
Auntie Kiyone lunged at Yukio's throat. "WHEN THE HELL DID YOU HAVE A 
CHILD?!?!" Daddy's face was white. She shook him as he stammered.
Uncle Raikon put a hand on her shoulder. "Kiyone..." Just then, mommy stood back 
up, 
being knocked back from the force of Kiyone's rush. Her face was red like Auntie 
Kiyone's.
She glanced at Uncle Raikon with possibly worry in her eyes. She didn't know 
why...
He looked really kind. Then she remembered what her mommy told her about his 
past...
But she said he was "a wonderful guy" and that "he treats Kiyone like a queen".
He looked really nice.
	"Kiyone, settle down! I was pregnant a while ago...Before we were 
married."
Kiyone nodded with her face showing no emotion. Her thumbs slid to his throat.
"Go on."
"Washu put us into a different dimension and for fifteen days we lived in there. 
In that 
time, Kioko was born and grew five years."
A small hint of a smile came to Kiyone's soft lips and she loosed her grip.
"She learned to read, write, spell, do mathematic equations and we also trained 
her for 
life and-"
"You home-schooled her."
Akina nodded. "Yeah. Look, I can't talk when you are close to strangling my 
husband."
Kiyone simply nodded and let go of Yukio's collar. He let out a cough to finish 
the ploy.
Kiyone was about to say something when her mind link to Peiko came up with 
something.
"Oouh! Cei!!!" Peiko shouted in Kiyone's mind. She closed off the link. 
	"That's a cute name, Kioko." She smiled warmly in her uncle's violet eyes.
"Yeah. Thank you. Uncle?" "Hmm?" "You have really pretty eyes."
He chuckled as he mussed her hair. "Why, thank you." 
Kioko pouted and glanced over at her father. "Did you teach him that?" she 
whispered to 
Raikon. He laughed even louder. She started giggling and combed her hand through 
his 
blue hair. "Mommy was right, you are really nice!" He rubbed her head again 
laughing. 
He turned to the other three and looked up at Kiyone. She was smiling at him as 
if in a 
wonderful dream.
Akina and Yukio were grinning. "Those two really hit it off, huh?"
Kiyone gently nodded to Akina's question, her gaze locked onto her husband's 
eyes.
Suddenly a pink mist swarmed over Kioko's body.
She looked down at her self. Her body had grown. Along with that, she felt her 
mind, in a 
way, had grown. Her intelligence had increased, it seemed to her.
She had grown at a rate of three years; she was now, in the blink of an eye, 
eight years 
old.
	Suddenly a frightening and familiar chuckle filled their minds.
Everyone groaned. 
"WASHU!"


	

	 	




