Part 1

	It was another peaceful day at the Maski household. It seemed like nothing 
could go wrong in any kind of way. Just then, an explosion sound came from the 
house and the sound of glass breaking. Yes, it was Ayeka and Ryoko fighting 
again. "What do you mean Tenchi loves you?! He would never want a demon like 
you!" Ayeka shouts. "Well your no prize! He wouldn't want a whiny little 
princess around him all the time!" Ryoko shouts back. 

	A spark of energy goes between both of them as they stare madly at each 
other. Tenchi, who is standing near them starts to get angry and shouts "That's 
it! you two stop fighting!" Ryoko and Ayeka stare at Tenchi in surprise. Tenchi 
looks at both of them "You two never stop fighting! If you don't stop you will 
both be out!" shouts as he goes outside for a walk. Ryoko and Ayeka watch him 
leave and then look at each other and start another fight over who made Tenchi 
mad first. This was basically the lifestyle for Tenchi, crazy women fighting 
over him. All Tenchi ever wanted was peace, quiet, and not women who were 
fighting over him like crazy. 

	Near Koi pond, Tenchi stands looking at the water wondering if he was to 
harsh and then hears a little girl's voice. Sasami appears behind him with Ryo-
Ohki on top of her head "Good morning Tenchi how are you?" she says cheerfully. 
Tenchi turns around and smiles "Oh hello there Sasami. I'm doing fine. Have you 
come to tell me something?" Sasami shakes her head yes "Lunch will be ready 
soon!" Tenchi looks at her and smiles again "Thank you." Suddenly, Washu appears 
outside next to him "Hello their Tenchi! Want to be my guinea pig for today?" 
smiles. Tenchi kind of freaked out that she appears like that "Do I have to?" 
trying to resist. "Oh please oh please oh please!" grabs his arm smiling. Tenchi 
sighs "Oh all right but be quick lunch will be ready soon." 

	Washu and Tenchi both appear in Washu's amazing lab and go toward a 
familiar machine to Tenchi. "Well, like the usual Tenchi, take your clothes off 
except your underwear and let me test you" she says with a big smile on her 
face. Tenchi really doesn't want to, but does anyway and goes on the machine. 
Washu presses a couple buttons and a laptop appears in front of her as she types 
away. "Hmmm...nothing new just the same as usual," she says a bit surprised. 
Sasami goes into the lab, "Lunch is ready!" looks at them and then blushes and 
goes out. Tenchi smiles and jumps off the machine and gets his clothes on and 
goes out of the lab. Washu curses under her breath and goes out of the lab. 

	Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Sasami, grandpa, Tenchi, Mihosi, and Kiyone appear at 
the table and sit down eating peacefully. Ryoko stares at Tenchi while she eats 
slowly making faces at him showing she wants him. Ayeka watches Ryoko, makes a 
fist, and starts to get angry. Tenchi notices Ryoko staring at him and tries to 
look away but somehow can't and realizes that there will be a fight about to 
happen. 

	Mihosi breaks the silence with a beeping sound from her watch "Oh my...it 
must be the GP!" Kiyone gets mad at her "No duh Mihosi it's probably urgent to! 
We better get our space ship and go!" stands up. Mihosi looks around "Where's 
the space ship?" Kiyone makes a fist and gets mad "Are you stupid?! We have to 
summon it you big egghead!" practically screaming at her and then calms down. 
"Sorry Tenchi but we will be back sometime soon there is an important message 
from the GP" stands up and goes outside with Mihosi and summons the spaceship. 
"First class detective Mihosi ready!" into uniform. Kiyone next to her "First 
class detective Kiyone ready!" in uniform as well and they both disappear into 
the spaceship. The spaceship flew in mid air over the pond and flies away out 
into space. 

	Ryoko goes back to staring at him. Ayeka gets mad and slams her fist down 
on the table "Miss Ryoko you are such an annoyance to Lord Tenchi! I will not 
allow it!" Ryoko looks at her mad "What's that? You can't stand to see me and 
Tenchi be together? Is that it?" Ayeka stares at her with veins popping out of 
her head "Of course not! You know exactly what I mean!" Ryoko disappears and 
reappears with arms around Tenchi's neck "See how me and Tenchi love each other? 
So leave us alone!" Tenchi gets mad "Hey Ryoko stop it!" Ayeka gets really mad 
"That's it! I can't take it anymore! Leave Tenchi alone!" shouts and forms wood 
blocks around her. Ryoko lets go of Tenchi and stands up "If it's a fight you 
want Princess it's a fight you'll get!" forms a ball of energy and shoots 
numerous balls at her. Ayeka shoots electricity at her and a huge explosion 
forms from the attacks hitting each other. 

	Everything around them either breaks on has fallen over. Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, 
Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko are all on the ground with spirals in their eyes. 
Tenchi gets up "Now look what you two done! You better clean this mess up!" 
storms out of the room. Sasami watches him "Tenchi?..." Ryo-Ohki watches Tenchi 
leave "Miya?" Ryoko and Ayeka start to clean up the mess both still at each 
others throat on who started it and time flies by in the day and it soon falls 
into night as everyone is in their beds sleeping. 

	As Tenchi is sleeping, he has an odd dream. His dream has him standing as 
the Jurai Prince in Jurai about to fight an evil man named Kagato. Just then, a 
beautiful women in a long white dress, with long light pink hair, that is 
holding a staff with a round shaped object in the middle of the wand, appears 
with spiked wings. She holds her staff up as a bright light comes out of the 
round diamond in the middle of the wand. Tenchi stares at her and thinks she is 
so gorgeous and wonders who she is. The woman fires the beams at Kagato with her 
wand and kills him. Tenchi stands there watching her as the Jurai Prince and 
goes to her. The woman looks at him "One life...One love...One death" and 
disappears. Tenchi tries to say something but wakes up suddenly. Sweaty and 
confused wonders about the dream and wonders what it means. 

	The next morning seemed to be the same as all the other days. Ayeka and 
Ryoko fighting over him, Mihosi and Kiyone out in space, Washu in her lab 
inventing new things, Grandpa in the shrine all the time, Sasami with Ryo-Ohki 
making the food, and Tenchi either doing chores or trying to avoid the insanity 
of the household. Tenchi starts to sweep outside the shrine as the sun gives 
warm heat to his back. A figure of a girl walks up the stairs to the shrine and 
appears behind Tenchi "Excuse me may I see Yosho?" Tenchi stops sweeping and 
turns around and practically drops his broom and stares at a young, long magenta 
colored haired teenager, with light blue eyes, and a perfect figure. Grandpa 
appears out of the shrine and walks toward Tenchi and the girl "Lily? Is that 
you?" Girl looks at him, "Yes it's been a while" walks next to him. 

	Grandpa looks at Lily then Tenchi "Lily I would like you to meet my 
grandson Tenchi, Tenchi this is the daughter of a good friend of mine who saved 
me a long time ago, Lily." Lily puts her hand out "Nice to meet you." Tenchi 
shakes her hand still kind of speechless "Nice to meet you to." Grandpa looks at 
Lily "So, what brings you here?" Lily looks at grandpa and smiles "Oh I just 
thought I would visit you since I haven't seen you in a long time" Grandpa 
smiles "Your welcome to stay here as long as you want to I know your parents 
don't really have a house for you." Lily sweatdrops "Well if you wouldn't mind I 
would like to stay a few days if that's alright." 

	Tenchi hopes there will be no trouble now that a new girl will be staying 
for quite some time. Grandpa looks over at Tenchi "Tenchi why don't you show 
Lily around this place." Tenchi looks at him "Oh sure!" leads a way to the woods 
near the pond with the tree growing out. Lily follows him looking around amazed. 
"So where do you live? Anywhere around here?" Tenchi says. Lily looks at him 
kind of worried "Well I live kind of far away...really far away." Tenchi changes 
the subject "Do you like it here? Isn't the scenery beautiful here?" Lily looks 
around "Yes very pretty" walks with him all around the woods. 

	Tenchi smiling at her, showing her different things, telling her about 
stories, and laughing with her. Ryoko looks around for Tenchi "Tenchi? Tenchi! 
Where are you?!" going upstairs and downstairs. Ayeka searching as well and gets 
mad whenever she hears Ryoko. Ryoko goes outside, spots him, flies toward him, 
and sees Lily IWho is that She better stay away from Tenchi!" goes closer. 
Tenchi sees Ryoko "Oh no..." watching her. Ryoko stands in front of him and 
looks at Lily "Who is she and why are you with her Tenchi?!" Tenchi looks at her 
a little mad "Hey Ryoko don't be so rude! Her name is Lily and she will be 
staying with us for a while ok?" trying not to blow a fuse. Lily looks at Ryoko 
and then sees another woman running toward them. 

	Ayeka appears near them, "There you are Tenchi! Who is this?" looks at 
Lily with a sweatdrop. Tenchi sighs and explains it to her. Ryoko and Ayeka both 
get jealous and then start to fight with each other again. Lily watches and 
laughs at them "Do they do that a lot?" Tenchi has a sweatdrop "Unfortunately 
yes" laughs with her a little. The next few days seemed to pass so fast, then 
weeks went by, LilyIs stay at the house seemed to grow like everyone elseIs, and 
she started to become like the family that was there. Tenchi started to get the 
same reoccurring dreams with the beautiful woman and then thought that there was 
something familiar about her in Lily. The more and more Tenchi talked to Lily 
the more he liked her and the more she liked him. This brought even more fights 
between Ayeka and Ryoko and they both tried to figure out ways to get rid of 
this girl once and for all. 


Part 2


	Lily sits at the eating table reading a book while Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, 
and Ryo-Ohki watch TV. Washu is busy in her lab furiously working away. Grandpa 
appears at the table and motions Lily outside to the shrine. Tenchi is out in 
the fields picking carrots for dinner and stops to eat his lunch "Oh rice 
crackers again" sighs. 

	Grandpa closes the door "Lily I must talk to you about a certain matter" 
makes a concerned face. Lily looks at him confused "I don't understand 
Yosho...after so long here...now we talk?" Grandpa looks at her "I know that 
your father is different and he did save me from fights with Ryoko and other 
monsters. He is a brave man." Lily looks down "I know, I am so happy he is my 
father." Tenchi looks toward the shrine which is somewhat far away and spots a 
pink and gray mass and smiles "It must be Lily and grandpa I better go see them" 
gets up and runs toward the shrine. Yosho continues "I also know that you don't 
have much time left here and that your an..." stops and looks back "TENCHI!" 
Tenchi appears with a sweatdrop "Oh hello grandpa I was just wondering how you 
both were" smiles. 

	Lily looks at Yosho and then Tenchi and smiles "Good morning Tenchi." 
Tenchi looks at Lily and smiles back "Good morning Lily did I interrupt 
something?" Lily looks at Yosho and nods. Grandpa nods back at her and looks at 
Tenchi "Tenchi there is something I been meaning to tell you about Lily." Tenchi 
looks confused "What is it grandpa?" Grandpa tries to find a way to start it 
"Well Lily isn't really like us you see...her father is Jesus." Tenchi looks at 
grandpa surprised and then tries to think of another explanation "Well her 
father is Jesus isn't that different from everyone." Yosho looks at him 
seriously "This is the Jesus that everyone worships. This is the Jesus from 
heaven, the Prince of Princes. He saved Jurai with me from the attack of Ryoko 
and other menaces. So what Lily has wanted you to know is that she is an angel 
from heaven." 

	Tenchi is really shocked and just can't believe what he is hearing and 
then looks at Lily "How can this be possible?! This just can't be true!" Lily 
looks at him concerned "I know it's hard to believe it but I am the Princess of 
the Angels and future queen." Tenchi still surprised and kind of mad "Why didn't 
you tell me sooner!" Yosho looks at him "Tenchi there are things to be told at 
the right times, now we thought would be a good time since Lily has been here 
for so long." Lily sees that Tenchi doesn't believe her so she shows him by 
closing her eyes and letting a huge set of feathery white wings out of her back. 
Tenchi stares at her, canIt believe it, looks at her closely, and sees the woman 
in his dream somewhat. 

	Lily looks at him "Do you believe me now?" Tenchi still looking at her 
"Yes but it feels so strange to know that an angel is living with us." Yosho 
looks at Tenchi "Well Tenchi maybe you will see a different side of Lily now 
that you know that" disappears into the shrine. Lily makes the wings disappear 
and looks at Tenchi "Please don't be mad at Yosho or me for telling you this so 
late. We have our reasons." Tenchi shakes his head yes as in agreement he won't 
be mad "I know you as a normal girl when you come here and now an angel. I guess 
I met an angel for the first time." smiles at her. Lily smiles back "I guess you 
did. I hope I will be able to stay here for a while." looks at the blue sky. 
Tenchi looks at the sky as well and sighs. 

	Ryoko appears outside and then appears with her arms around Tenchi 
"TENCHI! I missed you!" looks at him then sees Lily and makes a mad face. Tenchi 
gets mad at her "Now Ryoko stop that!" glances at Lily hoping she doesn't get 
mad. Lily smiles "Well I better go help Yosho with something" with that she goes 
to the shrine, opens the door, and goes inside. Tenchi watches her sort of in a 
trance from the amazing display of her wings. Ryoko looks at the way he is 
looking at her "Hey Tenchi why do you always have to be near her! Why can't we 
be like that?!" looks in his eyes with sad eyes. Tenchi looks at her "Ryoko she 
is a guest! We have to treat them with respect!" 

	Ryoko gets mad and disappears back into the house. Ryoko flying to her 
room "That girl has to go! She is ruining what me and Tenchi have together!" 
Ayeka sees her flying and wonders why she looks mad then thinks Tenchi. 
Suddenly, out in the distance there is a loud sound and a monster that has a 
muscular body with a dragonhead appears with black horns on its head and bright 
red scales. Tenchi looks out and sweatdrops scared "What in the world is that 
thing?!" 

	Lily and grandpa run out of the shrine and run next to Tenchi. Lily looks 
at the monster "He is back again...he wants to destroy this planet like how he 
tried to destroy Jurai." Yosho looks at Lily "You know what you must do now go 
my child!" Tenchi looks at Lily confused and watches what she is doing. Lily 
pulls a necklace out of her shirt that is around her necklace with an oval red 
jewel on it. Lily holds it and shouts "SACRED NECKLACE HEART POWER!" transforms 
into an angel with a light pink princess dress and flies toward the monster. 

	Yosho watches her go. Tenchi opens his eyes wide wondering what she is 
going to do. Grandpa still watching "That is the monster that Lily tried to 
fight a long time ago. She and many other soldiers could not defeat him. His 
name is Satan. The source of all evil." Tenchi looks at grandpa very surprised 
and didn't realize how brave Lily sounds. Grandpa still continues "I know you 
won't believe this but she is 1,000 years old like her father but she died at 
the age of 17 and still keeps her figure as a young woman." Tenchi stares at 
grandpa "How did she die and how is she able to stay on Earth like a human 
being?!" 

	Grandpa turns to look at him "She died like Jesus did, on a torture steak 
because she was a slave. It was very harsh in those times and she maintains to 
stay alive here by her father and that necklace she wears around her neck. That 
necklace is the source of her heaven power down on Earth and it is her life down 
here as well. Without it she would not be able to stay alive here." Tenchi is 
still so shocked about everything and looks back to the monster that isn't that 
far away. Lily flies to the monster "What are you doing back here? Still trying 
to destroy planets?" The monster looks her way "Oh it's you...that daughter of 
Jesus. I won't let an angel try and stop me!" Forms a black spike and throws it 
at her. Lily dodges it, forms a ball of energy from her necklace, and throws it 
at him. 

	Satan gets hit but doesn't feel any damage "Stop wasting your time!" He 
throws his hand threw the air causing a big gust of wind that sends Lily flying 
toward the shrine and lands right in front of Tenchi and grandpa but lands on 
her feet, tearing the rock as she tries to stop moving, and does. Tenchi 
watching hoping she doesn't get hurt. Yosho watches her "Lily now is the time to 
change into your full power you won't be able to get rid of him without your 
full power." Lily nods and takes her necklace off and holds it up "DIAMOND ANGEL 
POWER!" necklace changes into a diamond ball and puts a white light around her 
so you can't see her body clearly. The ball makes her hair grow even longer than 
it is and turns it light pink, then makes her somewhat naked even through you 
can't see her clearly and makes a long white dress that is fitted from the chest 
to the knee then flares out wide. A sparkled crown appears on her head and the 
tips of her wings turn into black spikes. 

	Tenchi stares at her with eyes wide realizing she is the one from his 
dream who destroyed Kagato and saved him. Lily opens her eyes to a very pale 
light blue color and everything on her sparkles of light silver even her lips. 
The diamond ball forms into a wand and the ball stays in the middle of the wand. 
Lily tries again and flies toward Satan again. Satan turns around and throws 
lots of black spikes and energy at her. A shield forms around her as she holds 
her wand up and shouts "DIAMOND STARDUST STAFF POWER!" and a white beam hits 
Satan as he screams for mercy. 

	Satan disappears but doesn't die and the explosion causes a huge gust of 
strong wind making Lily fly back toward Tenchi and grandpa. Tenchi and grandpa 
fly back a little as well. Tenchi watches her "LILY!" Lily hits the ground right 
next to Tenchi and he puts his arms around his head trying to see. As the dust 
and smoke clear everything somewhat goes back to normal. Tenchi picks Lily up as 
she changes back into normal Lily with the normal clothes back on. Grandpa gets 
up and looks at her "Tenchi bring her to her room and take care of her all the 
fighting has made her weak." Tenchi nods and carries her inside to her room. 

	Tenchi lays her on the bed as  he covers her body with blankets. Tenchi 
then sits on the bed sort of leaning over close to her looking at her face 
longing to kiss her. He strokes her hair gently and whispers "My poor angel 
sleep." Then he gets up still worked up about all he heard about Lily realizing 
that not only she is an angel, but she is the beautiful woman in his dream. He 
finally knows who the woman is, but he is still confused about what she said and 
how he had a dream like that almost every night.

Part 3


	Tenchi goes downstairs to the eating table and sits down tired. Sasami 
goes up to him with a teapot and smiles, "Tenchi would you like some tea?" 
Tenchi smiles "Sure!" Takes a cup from Sasami as she pours some tea in the cup. 
Tenchi takes a sip "Mm good!" Sasami smiles "I'm glad you like it!" She goes 
into the other room preparing a meal. 

	Ayeka goes to the table and sits next to Tenchi "Hello their Tenchi! how 
are things?" holding a cup of tea. Tenchi looks over and smiles "Hello Ayeka! 
Things couldn't be better!" Ryo-Ohki jumps on the table and runs to Tenchi's 
arms "Miya miya!" Tenchi picks her up and holds her up "Hello there Ryo-Ohki!" 
Ryo-Ohki smiles "Miya!" Ayeka watching them smiling "Cheerful little thing 
aren't you Ryo-Ohki" giggles a little. 

	Ryoko flies past Lily's room and then stops and goes back. Ryoko opens the 
door a bit, looks inside "What do we have here?" goes inside. Disappears and 
reappears next to her and looks at her funny "Why would she be sleeping in the 
day?" looks over at her side of the sheet and sees something red "What is that?" 
Ryoko slowly pulls the sheet away and then opens eyes wide as she sees a cut on 
her side bleeding. Ryoko wonders how in the world she did that and quickly 
covers it up and leaves the room fast so no one thinks she did it. Ryoko slowly 
closes the door and turns around flying toward the table. 

	Ryoko flies to Tenchi and hugs him "Oh Tenchi! Did you miss me?" Tenchi 
looks at her with the surprised eyes "Ryoko! I told you not to do that!" Ayeka 
looks at Ryoko and gets angry "Miss Ryoko get your hands off Lord Tenchi!" Ryoko 
smiles wide "What's the matter Princess? Can't stand to see my Tenchi with me?" 
Ayeka makes a fist "Your such a demon! Get off of him!" Ryoko pulls her one 
eyelid down and sticks her tongue out. Ayeka gets really mad and slams her fist 
down on the table " I said get off him!" Ryoko looks at her "Whatever you say 
Princess" takes her arms off Tenchi. 

	Ayeka calms down a bit and is surprised "Well that was easy." Ryoko looks 
at her devilishly "But I must warn you that me and Tenchi were meant for each 
other and he would never want such a goody goody Princess like you!" Ayeka gets 
mad, goes to her, and pulls her hair. Ryoko gets mad "Hey get off!" grabs her 
cheek and pulls it. Ryoko and Ayeka both start fighting again. Tenchi sighs 
"Those two will never stop." 

	Lily gets up and looks around "What happened?" She gets up from the bed 
and goes out walking downstairs slowly. Tenchi spots Lily and goes to her "What 
are you doing up? You should be in bed!" Lily looks at him "I'm fine really." 
Ryoko and Ayeka stop and look Tenchi's way and sweatdrop. Tenchi looks at her 
side and sees the cut "Lily your hurt!" Lily looks to her side "I guess I am. 
Not to worry I can fix it!" puts her hand on it as it heals and the cut goes 
away. 

	Tenchi is amazed by it. Ryoko and Ayeka both watch getting mad. Tenchi 
tries to pursue her to go back to bed "You should be sleeping right now! Please 
go back!" Lily walks past him "I'm fine! You can trust me" goes outside to the 
shrine. Tenchi watches her and sighs then looks at Ayeka and Ryoko and then 
sweatdrops. 

	Lily opens the door "Yosho?" Yosho looks up from the table "What's the 
matter Lily?" Lily looks at him closely "This evil that is here now can destroy 
this planet! I must do something, but I'm afraid I can't alone Yosho. I wanted 
to tell you that because I might have drawn Satan away but he will come back." 
Yosho looks at her "I know your doing everything you can and that's all that 
matters." Lily tries to continue "But Yosho I..." Yosho interrupts her "Your 
father brought you down here for a good reason and he will give you everything 
you need. Maybe you just can't see it now but he won't abandon you or let this 
planet suffer to its death. Maybe there is a power you can't see right now that 
may help you in the future. I know your father to well to say he won't help 
you." Lily looks at him and smiles "Your right. Thank you." leaves the shrine 
and then heads back to the house. 

Part 4


	A new day begins as the sun rises slowly leaving an orange and red color 
to the sky. Tenchi is already up in the kitchen looking out the window. Washu is 
already in her lab still typing away. Sasami, Ayeka, Ryoko, and Ryo-Ohki are 
still sleeping. Grandpa is up as well drinking his tea peacefully at the table. 
Lily goes downstairs, sees Tenchi, thinks about how Yosho said something about a 
power she canIt see yet, and wonders if it is him. 

	Tenchi turns around and smiles "Good morning miss Lily!" Lily looks at him 
and smiles "Good morning." looks over at the window and goes to the big door 
where you can see the sky better and stares at the sunrise. Tenchi looks at her 
"Isn't the sunrise beautiful?" Lily stares at it "Yes...I never seen one like 
this before." Tenchi smiles and then hears the sound of a door opening. Washu 
goes out of her lab and spots Tenchi "Oh Tenchi just the person I wanted to 
see." smiles wide. 

	Tenchi sweatdrops "Another test you want me to be in right?" Washu looks 
at him, "Well actually I wanted to do some tests on you and this girl right 
here." She points to Lily as she is talking to Tenchi. Tenchi looks over at Lily 
then Washu "Is this going to be crazy Washu?" Washu smiles "Of course not! I 
need to test you both on a certain matter. Now lets go in my lab I don't have a 
lot of time!" goes into her lab. Tenchi and Lily follow and go inside the lab. 

	Washu walks up to a machine and pats it "Now this machine can test you on 
powers that you may have. I already know the powers you posses Tenchi so I will 
test if you have similar power like Miss Lily." Washu grabs Tenchi's shirt and 
pulls him toward the seat that is connected to the machine "Now you sit here and 
miss Lily you sit here." points to the chair close to him. They both sit in the 
chairs and a rectangular glass slowly goes around the chair over each of the 
chairs making a chamber for each of them. Washu goes to the control panel and 
types some things into it "Phase one complete. Now you two will receive air 
masks. Press the button on the chair and a air mask will fall." They both do as 
she says and the air mask falls down and they both hold them. Washu looks at 
them "Now breath into them you both will fall in a deep sleep." 

	They both inhale the air and they both fall asleep. Washu then starts to 
type away and fills the tanks up with light blue water "Phase two and three 
complete. Now here comes the fun part!" presses a couple buttons. They both 
float somewhat in the water as the chairs disappear. Washu looks at the tanks 
and then makes her laptop appear and starts to type in commands "Now lets see 
here..." Laptop starts to charge "Collecting data." Washu waits for a few 
seconds and then hears "Complete." Washu then starts to type again and then 
looks closer at the computer "There doesn't seem to be any powers that are the 
same between them..." hears a beeping sound. Washu clicks on something as the 
computer reads "New data found." 

	Washu looks at it and reads "That girl! She has a very strong power like 
Tenchi but it's different..." decides to just research on her. Washu lets the 
water out of Tenchi's tank and the glass container around him goes up. Washu 
goes up to him, takes the air mask off, and waits until he is conscious. Tenchi 
looks around and then looks at Washu "Hello Washu what am I doing in your lab?" 
Washu smiles "I was doing a few tests on you but I'm done with you now so you 
may go." Tenchi looks over at the tank with Lily in it and then quickly looks at 
Washu "Hey what's going on! What are you doing to her?!" 

	Washu looks at him "Calm down Tenchi I'm running some tests on her. It 
might take a while. I must work in peace Tenchi so please go." Tenchi sweatdrops 
but understands "Alright Washu." leaves the lab. Tenchi closes the door from 
Washu's lab and wants to go back for Lily's sake but decides not to bother 
Washu, so walks outside. 

	Washu keeps typing on her computer collecting a lot of data and then a 
file appears as she reads it "It says she isn't alive but is using an artificial 
body to stay alive! It also says that she is an..." Ryoko has both hands on the 
eating table standing up "AN ANGEL?!" practically screaming at Washu. Ayeka 
looks at Washu hoping she is joking. Washu looks at her seriously "Yes that's 
what I said! Lily is an angel! No wonder things have been so strange here since 
she came here! I knew something was with that girl." Ryoko still can't believe 
it "Your lying Washu! You can't even prove it!" Washu makes a face "I wouldn't 
be to sure of that now Ryoko. I have some tests that she is an angel. Her body 
is persevered all in that necklace she wears around her neck. That's how she 
keeps her artificial body the way it is." 

	Ryoko is totally confused about what she just said "That still doesn't 
prove anything though! You haven't seen her as an angel have you?" Washu shakes 
her head no "My machines are up to date there is no way they can't detect a 
strong power. You just don't understand Ryoko. You always have to learn things 
the hard way instead of believing your own mother." smiles wide and pinches her 
cheek. Ryoko slaps Washu's hand "Get off my face!" makes the angry eyes. Washu 
smiles "Oh and Ryoko call me little Washu!" Then, she goes back to her lab. 
Ryoko gets really mad "Oh I hate you Washu!" still mad face. 

	Ayeka giggles under her breath from what Washu said to Ryoko. Ryoko looks 
over at Ayeka "What's so funny Princess?!" Ayeka looks at her with the big eyes 
"Oh nothing Ryoko it's just your so mean to your own mother!" does her annoying 
laugh. Ryoko gets even madder "SHUT UP!" Washu walks over to the tank and looks 
at Lily "I know your hiding something from us but you won't be able to." Washu 
walks over to her floating seat and sits down and her laptop appears in front of 
her as she types in data about Lily. 

	Lily floats in the tank and has a horrible dream about everyone dying from 
Satan and him controlling the world. Suddenly she wakes up and quickly opens her 
eyes. Washu doesn't notice she is awake and still is typing. Lily gets scared 
because she doesn't know where she is so she lets her wings out fast as the tank 
breaks open letting all the water out on the floor. Washu looks up, stares at 
her wings not surprised, and stands up "You finally woke up." Lily is frightened 
and standing on the wet floor soaking wet staring at Washu "Where am I?" 

	Washu smiles "You are in the worlds greatest scientific geniuses 
laboratory! Professor Washu!" Lily just looks at her and regains her memory "Oh 
I'm sorry little Washu." then suddenly realizes her wings are out. Lily looks at 
her wondering what to say. Washu makes a serious face "Lily the tests I did on 
you already proved you were an angel even before you let your wings out. Now I 
know for sure you are an angel." Lily makes her wings disappear "Did you tell 
anyone?" Washu sweatdrops and puts her hand behind her head "Well I told Ryoko 
and Ayeka but they didn't believe me." 

	Lily looks down wondering how she will break it to the rest of them "Well 
they will find out sometime anyway." Washu looks at her "Don't worry yourself so 
much. I'm done testing you so you may leave." Lily looks at her and smiles a 
little leaving the lab. Washu goes back to typing and summons a machine to clean 
up the watery mess. 

	Lily closes the door and turns around to look at both Ayeka and Ryoko that 
are almost up to her face. "So Lily, I have heard some talk about you being an 
angel and stealing my Tenchi!" Ryoko says madly. Lily looks at Ryoko "What?" 
Ryoko starts again "You don't have to lie about it. Are you an angel or not?!" 
screams at her. Ayeka looks at her "We know youIre hiding something from us!" 
Tenchi hears them screaming, goes to the room, sees Ryoko and Ayeka cornering 
Lily, and goes toward them. Tenchi steps in front of Lily "Ryoko! Ayeka! Stop 
this now! You have been nothing but trouble toward Lily!" Ryoko looks at him sad 
"You always take her side! Why do you always have to be on her side!" disappears 
in the air. Ayeka looks at Tenchi ashamed and walks to her room. 

	Tenchi turns around to look at Lily "Are you ok?" Lily shakes her head 
yes. "I'm so sorry those two keep picking on you. I heard what they said. They 
found out your an angel?" Lily looks down "I guess so Washu found out first and 
told them and when I broke the tank I was in she saw my wings." Tenchi looks at 
her concerned "Well, I guess it's for the better." Sasami listened to them and 
walks in "Lily? Your an...an...angel?" Lily looks at Sasami and smiles "Yes 
Sasami. I am an angel." Sasami smiles "Oh wow! That's so great! I'm so happy!" 
claps her hands. 

	Sasami turns around to the kitchen "I will make you both some nice tea." 
Tenchi and Lily go over to the couch and sit down next to each other. Tenchi 
looks at her and notices that something is wrong "Lily is something wrong?" Lily 
looks up at him "No. I'm just worried about this evil. I had a bad dream while I 
was in that tank. It was so real that I woke up breaking the glass around me. 
I'm so afraid of what might happen because I can't beat him alone." Tenchi looks 
at her concerned "Lily don't worry about what might happen. Your father will 
help you if you need help and I'm sure you can beat him." tries to make her feel 
better. Lily still worried and looks at the wall thinking. Tenchi puts his one 
hand on her face and turns her head so she is looking at him "Don't worry. I 
know you can beat him." leans in to kiss her but he doesn't get to when he sees 
Sasami appear with the tea. Tenchi quickly goes back to the position he was in 
before. 

	Sasami walks over toward them "Here's your tea!" she says cheerfully. 
Tenchi smiles "Thank you Sasami." pours himself some tea. Lily takes a cup, 
pours herself some tea, and sips it slowly. Sasami sits on the couch and Ryo-
Ohki sits on her head. Suddenly, there is a rumble outside and the house shakes 
causing everyone to fall to the ground. 

	Lily gets up even though it is hard to stand up, goes to the door to 
outside, opens it, and out in the distance is Satan. Lily narrows her eyes, lets 
her wings out, and flies really fast toward Satan. Sasami watches her in 
amazement realizing she wasn't lying about her being an angel. Tenchi gets to 
his feet but falls again trying to get to the door. Lily changes into the 
Starlight Queen as she flies toward Satan. Satan looks her way "I thought I told 
you to leave me alone!" Lily stares at him "I will never give up until your 
dead!" throws balls of energy at him. 

	Satan gets hurt but isn't dead and throws black spikes at her. Lily's 
shield protects her while he still throws spikes at her. Tenchi finally makes it 
to the door and watches as Lily tries and fight him again. Three balls of light 
appear from the sky and go toward Lily. The three balls stop in front of her and 
they appear as three different girls. The one girl is her sister, Claudia, who 
has light peach hair and blue eyes with wings and a purple princess dress and a 
similar necklace to hers. The second girl has green pigtails that trail down to 
her knees, has purple eyes with wings, and has a light purple dress on. The 
third girl has a hooded dark gray cloth around her so you cannot see her face 
and the sleeves of the cloth go down to her wrists and the cloth is down to her 
feet. 

	Claudia looks at Lily "We are all the angels here to help you defeat this 
evil. I am the angel of life." The girl with green pigtails looks at her "I am 
the angel of love." The girl that is in a cloth turns her hoody to face Lily 
even though all you can see inside the hoody is black "I am the angel of death." 
Lily looks at them "It is good to see you all again to help destroy yet another 
evil." Tenchi listened to them and then realizes what the woman in his dream 
meant when she said one life, one love, and one death. Tenchi finally figured 
out his crazy dream but is still confused on why he had such a dream. 

	Claudia continues "Now Queen of the angels we must defeat this evil once 
and for all!" Lily nods her head and all four of the women line up. They all 
form some kind of power and shoot it at Satan. He dies painfully but still isn't 
completely dead. He disappears quickly and so do the three other angels. Lily 
changes back into normal Lily and flies back to the shrine. Tenchi looks at her 
"Lily are you alright?" Lily kind of mad she still couldn't beat him even with 
other powers helping her "Yes Tenchi I'm fine just frustrated. If this goes on 
much longer I don't know what I am going to do." looks up at the sky. Tenchi 
looks at the sky as well not knowing what to say.

Part 5


	The next day, Lily is already up, outside at the Koi pond thinking of what 
she is going to do "I just don't get it. Even as the queen, I can't beat him. My 
full power as the queen is up in heaven and only this necklace maintains that 
power, but not a lot of it. Even the other angels can't harness all the 
incredible power on this planet like they can in heaven. I just don't know what 
to do. Yosho said there is a power that I might not see yet they may help me, 
but who or what could it be?" sitting on a rock hugging her knees. Tenchi wakes 
up and looks over at his side to see Ryoko staring at him. Ryoko stares at his 
face and smiles "Good morning Tenchi." Tenchi falls out of his bed so frightened 
"AHHH! RYOKO! How many times did I tell you not to do that when I wake up?!" 
Ryoko looks at him with sad eyes "Tenchi I thought you liked being near me, 
right?" disappears and reappears with her arms around Tenchi. 

	Tenchi sweatdrops "Not when I just wake up!" gets up off the floor. Ryoko 
floats up with him, looks in his eyes, and puts her lips close to his. Tenchi 
blushes and falls backwards out his door falling in the hallway. Ryoko closed 
her eyes not realizing she was kissing the air and opens her eyes to see Tenchi 
on the floor. Ayeka rushes up the stairs and looks at Tenchi "Are you all right 
Tenchi?!" Tenchi looks at Ayeka "Yes I'm fine thanks." gets up. Ayeka looks over 
at Ryoko "You! I should have known! You did this to Tenchi didn't you! You you 
demon!" Ryoko looks at her with angry eyes "Why do you always blame everything 
on me? Huh Princess? So you can look good in front of Tenchi all the time, 
right?" Ayeka blushes and gets mad eyes "Of course not! YouIre always the reason 
why Tenchi is so miserable! YouIre always causing him trouble!" shouts at her. 
"Oh I cause all the trouble for him do I? Or is it I'm causing all the trouble 
for you trying to get Tenchi?" 

	Ayeka blushes again and then her veins pop out of her hand "Miss Ryoko you 
know exactly what I mean! YouIre just a selfish pig who only cares about 
yourself!" Ryoko gets mad "And youIre just a whiny little princess who never 
stops worrying about your pathetic duties as a stupid Jurai princess!" Ryoko and 
Ayeka stare at each other closely both making angry noises at each other. They 
both put the hands up lining them up with the other ones hand and then tightly 
grasping on to the hand pushing each other trying to see which one is stronger. 
Tenchi sweatdrops "Oh boy..." he leaves the room hoping they will stop if he 
pretends he doesn't notice them. 

	Tenchi starts walking casually down the stairs and gets stopped by Washu 
"Hello their Tenchi! I need you in my lab for a second!" smiles wide. Tenchi 
sweatdrops "Little Washu!" Washu grabs his arm "Come on!" walks toward the lab. 
Tenchi tries not to go "Little Washu! I had enough of your experiments!" Washu 
looks at him "Tenchi this one I know you will like. It has something about 
Lily..." smiles playfully. Tenchi blushes because he knows Washu knows about how 
he feels about her and actually wants to go in the lab now. Washu smiles "Good I 
knew you would change your mind now lets go!" goes inside the lab still holding 
tight onto Tenchi's arm and brings him in. 

	Both walk up to a machine Washu sits on her floating chair and her laptop 
appears "Alright Tenchi this is a time machine sort of." Tenchi looks at her 
weird "Your not going to send me in a different time are you?" asking concerned. 
"Of course not! This is different. It predicts what will happen in the future if 
you chose a certain case like say you were to marry Lily." Washu smiles her 
playful smile again. Tenchi blushes "You mean it can do that?" Washu nods "Yes, 
but it doesn't mean that's what will really happen. It's all just a prediction. 
Now lets test it out shall we?" presses a couple of buttons. Washu goes up to 
Tenchi putting a helmet on his head and presses a button on them which forms a 
glass shield over his eyes so he can be able to see the future. 

	Washu then pulls a chair up and he sits down as she straps his legs and 
arms down. Washu then goes back to her chair and sits down typing "You ready 
Tenchi?" Tenchi nods nervously. Washu presses a button "Alright machine set at 
the future and how his life may be if he married Lily." Tenchi sits there 
waiting for something and sees only black. Then a bright light appears and the 
scene changes to a bedroom with them both sleeping in it. 

	Then an alarm goes off and Lily slams on it and then looks at the time and 
quickly jumps out of bed "Oh no! I'm going to be late for work again!" she goes 
to the closet getting changed into her work outfit which is a light gray skirt 
that comes up to her knees and a light blue turtle neck that is a fitting shirt. 
She brushes her hair and puts her black heels on as Tenchi wakes up slowly. 
Tenchi looks up and sits up in the bed in his underwear "Lily?" he says groggy. 
Lily looks over "Tenchi! How many times did I tell you to wake me up or push me 
out of bed or something if the alarm goes off?!" goes into the bathroom and 
brushes her teeth. Tenchi gets out of bed putting on his jeans and a white T-
shirt "I'm sorry Lily I just haven't been able to get up anymore like I used 
to." Lily spits in the sink and goes back in the room and grabs her suitcase "Oh 
nevermind I have to go to work." about to leave the room. 

	Tenchi grabs her arm "You always seem to forget about me." smiles. Lily 
smiles back "I'm sorry." kisses him quickly and rushes down the stairs and goes 
outside to her car. Tenchi sighs and goes outside to the fields and works until 
Lily gets home. After a few long hours, Lily comes back home, goes upstairs to 
the room putting her suitcase down, and changes into a white tank top and baggy 
dark gray pj pants. Goes downstairs and is stopped by Tenchi at the bottom of 
the stairs. Tenchi smiles at her and picks her up off her feet. 

	Lily puts her arms around his neck "Tenchi I don't have time for this I 
have a paper to write!" trying to be serious. Tenchi ignores what she says and 
gives his warm look of love to her. Lily still tries "Tenchi!" can't be serious 
anymore and laughs "You always have to win don't you!" Tenchi smiles "You worry 
to much about work. You need to relax once and a while." smiles and kisses her. 
Lily kisses him back "But work is still important you know." Tenchi kisses her 
again "But you know you do this all day everyday. You have to at least pay 
attention to your husband you know." smiles. 

	Lily smiles back "Your always right. Just like your grandfather. A smart 
man." Tenchi puts her down and wraps his arms around her waist "And your smart 
like your father. The Prince of all Princes." Lily has her arms around his neck 
just looking in his eyes "Tenchi how did this ever work out between us? You as 
the Prince of Jurai and me as the queen of the heavens? It all seems to good to 
be true, but we chose to be earthlings instead of royal heritage." Tenchi looks 
at her and smiles "We did this because we have our whole lives to spend on this 
Earth with other people that we love and can't stand to leave for a second. 
That's why I married you. It would hurt me to see you leave and I know it would 
hurt you if I left to Jurai." 

	Lily smiles "Yes. YouIre right. Your so smart." puts her finger on his 
nose pressing it like a button. Tenchi laughs and still holds her. Lily takes 
her arms around his neck away and puts them on his chest pushing him away a 
little. Tenchi lets her go still wanting to hold her. Lily starts up again "I 
better write that paper." turns around, goes to the kitchen, and goes to her 
laptop. Lily sits in a chair and types on her laptop typing the paper. 

	Tenchi sighs again smiling and decides to make some tea. Lily puts her 
head on her forehead trying to think and then hears the sound of a cup being put 
next to her and looks over. Tenchi smiles at her. Lily she smiles back taking 
the cup and sipping it and looks back at the screen. Tenchi goes in the other 
room and watches TV. Lily can't think anymore, stops typing, goes in the other 
room, and sits next to Tenchi. 

	Tenchi looks at her surprised but then smiles putting his arms around her. 
Lily smiles and soon falls asleep in his arms without him noticing. Tenchi looks 
down and smiles at her picking her up and going upstairs to their room. Tenchi 
lays her down on the bed and then he lies next to her as he falls asleep. Washu 
presses a button and hears a beeping sound. 

	As Tenchi is sleeping, in his dream Washu's head appears saying "Tenchi! 
Tenchi the test is over! Wake up!" Tenchi yells a little and then feels a helmet 
coming off his head. Washu holds the helmet looking at him "Tenchi the test is 
over now." Tenchi looks around thinking it was real "Where am I?" Washu smiles 
"Your in Professor Washu's lab! How was the test Tenchi?" Tenchi looks over at 
Washu and sweatdrops "Oh it was neat." he really thought it was real and wishing 
it was. 

	Washu makes those playful eyes "How did Lily seem in the future? Hmm?" 
stares at him. Tenchi sweatdrops and blushes "She was...um...nice. Hehe." Washu 
smiles "Well that should do it for the tests today but I will warn you Tenchi I 
will get you again!" laughs. Tenchi sweatdrops practically running out of her 
lab. Tenchi closes the door quickly and gives a sigh bomb and then smiles about 
what he saw in the predicted future. Lily appears from outside and walks over to 
where Yosho is sitting and sits at the table across from him. 

	Tenchi looks over and walks over to where they both are "Good morning you 
two!" Lily and grandpa look up and over at him "Good morning." Grandpa looks at 
Tenchi as Lily looks at Yosho "Tenchi I have told Lily about who you are meaning 
that you are the Jurai Prince." Tenchi looks at him "And?" Grandpa looks at him 
seriously "And now that she knows about your secret, she knows who may help her 
in the end fighting Satan." Tenchi opens eyes wide "You mean I can help defeat 
Satan? But...But...I.." Lily looks at the table "I understand if you don't want 
to Tenchi it's a life or death situation." 

	Tenchi looks at her and sweatdrops "That's not what I mean! What I meant 
to say was that I could be able to help you? I mean I want to if I can I just 
didn't think as the Jurai Prince that I could be able to!" Lily still looks down 
"If you want to it's up to you Tenchi, but Yosho seems to think you can help 
somehow." stands up and walks to her room. Tenchi about to go after her but is 
stopped by grandpa's voice "Let her go. She is still trying to figure out things 
for herself and she is wanting to do it alone." Tenchi sighs "Grandpa why did 
you tell her now?" Grandpa looks at him "Like I said before, there are things 
that need to be said at certain times." 

Part 6


	Sasami goes up to Tenchi who is sitting on the steps next to the stairs 
going upstairs inside their house. Tenchi is tieing his shoes with Sasami 
holding his lunch in a cloth "Here you go Tenchi!" Tenchi takes the bundle as he 
stands up "Thank you very much Sasami!" Sasami smiles wide and Ryo-Ohki sits on 
her head "Miya! Miya!" Sasami turns around to the kitchen "Make sure you bring 
home some nice big carrots for lunch!" Tenchi going out the door to the fields 
"I will!" closes the door behind him. 

	Tenchi walks slowly to the field still thinking about Washu's experiment 
with time and finally makes it to the field. Suddenly, a space ship falls from 
the sky and starts to fall over the big pond behind the house. Tenchi sees the 
spaceship and sweatdrops "It must be Kiyone and Mihosi again." Kiyone presses a 
bunch of buttons in the spaceship and sweatdrops with big eyes "Were going to 
crash!" Mihosi starts to scream as the ship hits the water. The spaceship 
crashes and makes a bunch of water to come out of the pond. 

	After a while, the waves slow down and the spaceship sits in the water 
broken with smoke coming out of it. Mihosi and Kiyone use their transportation 
key to get out of the ship and to go on the ground in front of the pond. Tenchi 
runs over toward them "Are you alright?" Kiyone looks at Tenchi "Hello Tenchi! 
Yes were fine, but if it weren't for Mihosi I could have gotten killed!" screams 
at Mihosi. Mihosi sweatdrops "I thought the fire button was to shoot the 
missiles." Kiyone makes a mad face "I'm the one who shoots the missiles! You 
think I would let a pea brain like you do it?! YouIre in charge of targets! The 
button you pressed happened to be an emergency missile that I only ask you to 
press if there is an emergency!" screams at her and then tries to calm down. 

	Mihosi looks at her with sad eyes, "Oh I'm so sorry Kiyone!" grabs her leg 
"Please don't leave me! I'm really sorry!" cries. Kiyone punches her head "Get 
off me! I won't leave you now get off!" Mihosi lets go sniffing sadly. Tenchi 
sweatdrops and puts his hand behind his head "So I'm guessing you guys would 
like to stay here again, huh?" Kiyone makes a smile "Yes if you don't mind 
Tenchi." Tenchi smiles "Sure! Why don't you two go on inside and go to your old 
rooms and Sasami can make you tea." Kiyone bows "Thank you Tenchi." grabs 
Mihosi's arm and goes inside. 

	Mishosi and Kiyone sit at the eating table and are greeted by grandpa, 
Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Ayeka, and Ryoko. Sasami goes in the kitchen, grabs some cups 
and the teapot, and walks back to the table. Kiyone is in the process of 
explaining what happened while getting tea poured into her cup "And that's why 
we landed here back on Earth." Ayeka looks at her "So you two will be staying 
here for a while now?" Kiyone sweatdrops "Well, until our spaceship gets fixed. 
Then, we will probably go back and finish a mission and perhaps come back." 
Ayeka smiles a little "Well, it would be nice for you both to come visit as much 
as you like." 

	Sasami smiles at them both "Yeah! We all miss you guys!" Kiyone and Mihosi 
smile and Mihosi starts "It has been kind of lonely not being on Earth. Were so 
used to moving around so much." Tenchi starts to work out in the fields, picks a 
lot of big orange carrots, puts them in his basket, and wipes his head. Lily is 
outside near the shrine where Tenchi can see her and she looks out to where 
Satan always appeared. Tenchi looks up and sees her and smiles "After that 
experiment with Washu, I seem to think a lot different about Lily. It would be 
nice to get married to her, but who knows." Tenchi grabs his bundle of carrots 
and heads back to the house. 

	Lily stares out at the place where Satan always appeared "I can feel his 
presence coming soon. It feels strong, but I can't sense when." still stands 
there. Tenchi finally makes back to the house and goes to the kitchen "Sasami 
I'm back!" Sasami looks his way "Oh good Tenchi!" takes the bundle. Suddenly the 
house starts to shake, Sasami drops the bundle, and falls to the ground like 
everyone else. Sasami looks around "Hey! What's going on?!" The clouds outside 
turn dark and an image of a monster appears in the distance but this time really 
large. Lily standing there wide eyed watching "He's here!" 

	Tenchi looks outside, sees the monster, and tries to get up. Ryoko 
floating and looks outside "What the heck?!" Mihosi, Kiyone, Washu, and Ayeka 
all stare at the monster confused. Tenchi makes it to the door and opens it "You 
all stay inside!" closes the door and runs to where Lily is. Lily looks at him 
"I can't beat him Tenchi!" Tenchi looks at her "Yes you can believe in 
yourself!" 

	Satan appears large and laughs "You all will suffer in hell!" Tenchi 
stares at the monster and changes into the Juria Prince and then makes the 
Lighthawk Wings and changes into an even stronger force. Tenchi forms his sword 
and then looks at Lily. Lily is amazed and then turns to face the monster and 
changes into the Starlight Queen. Sasami, Ayeka, Washu, Ryoko, Mihosi, and 
Kiyone all watch Tenchi and then use there heart power to help Tenchi and bright 
balls of light come out of each one of their hearts and float to Tenchi. 

	Tenchi uses the balls of energy in his sword and looks at Lily "Ready?" 
Lily nods and starts to fly toward Satan. Tenchi runs toward him. Satan looks 
their way and throws black spikes. Lily has a shield to protect her while Tenchi 
dodges them. Satan looks at them angry "Stay back!" throws more even though they 
don't stop them. Lily holds her staff up and shouts "DIAMOND STARDUST STAFF 
POWER!" a white beam of power hits him. 

	Tenchi holds his sword up and throws it at Satan's heart. Satan can't 
fight it any longer and both powers together kill Satan for good. Satan has a 
black beam around him as it goes to the sky and makes the sky turn even blacker. 
Then the sky goes back to normal and all the damage he created gets fixed. Lily 
floats in the air watching and Tenchi stands there as his sword goes back to 
him. Lily floats down to the ground and changes back to normal. Tenchi quickly 
changes back not realizing it and looks at Lily. 

	Lily smiles at him and he goes to her and lifts her off the ground "We did 
it!" Lily has her hands on his shoulders as he twirls her around. Tenchi puts 
her down and wraps his arms around her "Now everything is back to normal and 
peaceful again." Lily has her arms around his neck and smiles "Well soon 
everything will be back to normal." Tenchi looks at her confused leaning closer 
to her "What do you mean?" Lily puts her hands on his chest pushing him away 
just like in the time machine "What I mean is everything will be normal for once 
again once I go back to heaven." Tenchi looks at her shocked letting her go "You 
don't mean your going back? Do you?!" 

	Lily shakes her head yes smiling "Yes Tenchi I must go back. I could never 
stay here as a human forever you know. I enjoyed every minute i had here with 
you and I won't forget that." Tenchi still shocked trying to find a way for her 
to stay "You mean your father can't give you a permanent human body or 
something?!" Lily shakes her head no and steps back changing into the queen 
again, "I must go Tenchi. I would love to stay here, but I would be cheating 
death. Besides as the queen there are some things I must do." Tenchi looks down 
not knowing what to say but then manages to smile looking up "I understand." 

	Lily goes up to him and puts her hand on his face "Maybe someday I will 
see you again." kisses him for a second as the queen and then backs up forming a 
beam around her. Tenchi blushes a little and watches her sadly leave. Lily looks 
at him and then disappears into the sky. Tenchi sighs watching, feels someoneIs 
arms around his neck, and looks over to see Ryoko. Ryoko stares at him smiling 
"You were so brave Tenchi. I need you to kiss me now." Tenchi just looks at her 
and then Washu appears in front of him. 

	Washu looks at him "So there you are Tenchi! I saw the whole thing!" hugs 
his waist "Oh Tenchi!" Ryoko gets mad "Hey you! Get off him!" Washu looks at 
Ryoko and smiles "Oh Ryoko your so cute when you get mad!" pinches her face. 
Ayeka and Sasami run over. Sasami goes to Tenchi and looks at him "Hey you beat 
the monster Tenchi! Wow!" 

	Ayeka looks at Ryoko and gets mad "Hey Ryoko get off lord Tenchi! I won't 
allow it anymore!" Ryoko disappears off of Tenchi and reappears in front of 
Ayeka "Me and Tenchi love each other so back off Princess!" She shouts at her as 
they fight. Mihosi and Kiyone appear and try to stop Ryoko and Ayeka from 
fighting and everyone winds up fighting and screaming at each other. Tenchi 
sweatdrops and looks at the sky and smiles still thinking about Lily and thinks 
she was right about everything going back to normal. Just like she said 
everything was normal and peaceful once more.
 for all. 


Part 2


	Lily sits at the eating table 
