No Need For A New Enemy Part 1: No Need For Another Member At The Masaki House


Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi or any other characters in this story except
for those that I've invented. Pioneer owns all Tenchi Muyo characters. I am
a nothing compared to them.


    "Ahhh, another beautiful day" said Azaka.
    "It certainly is, isn't it?" said Kamadake. Behind them a small
explosion went off.
    "Here we go again" they said in unison.


    The first noise Tenchi heard that morning was Ayeka screaming
agitatedly. Oh boy, he thought to himself, they're going at it again.
    "You demon you, go wait for breakfast to be served, and STOP PULLING MY
HAIR"
    "Hey Princess, anything I do to your hair would be an improvement"
    If it weren't for the fact that Tenchi was hungry, he might have stayed
in bed all day, waiting for them to finish arguing. He climbed out of bed
and changed into a blue shirt and khaki pants. He then walked out of his
room and stumbled into the kitchen, ready to break up another fight. "Ryoko,
Miss Ayeka, please stop" he begged to the two girls who loved him so much.
    "Why, Lord Tenchi, your not usually up for another hour"
    "Tennnnchi, good morning" Ryoko said, vanishing into the air, only to
appear in the air behind him, her arms wrapped around his neck.
    "Ryoko, stop it, can't you see your making embarrassing Lord Tenchi?"
Ayeka said for about the millionth time.
    "Better than having an ugly little tramp like you hugging him, isn't it"
    Those familiar looking logs began to hover around Ayeka as she balled up
her fists, her face turning redder by the second.
    "Ya wanna go? Come on I'm ready for ya!" Ryoko said, smiling evilly,
drawing a laser sword out of thin air. She charged at her, preparing to
strike when-
    "Breakfast is served you guys" said the almost always cheerful Sasami.
    The two girls looked at each other, shrugged, and headed off to eat
another peace keeping meal.
    The day went by as un-eventful as a day full of a space-pirate and a
princess from another planet, a genius scientist, two Galaxy police
detectives, all beautiful, a perverted father, a strange alien being that
can turn into a spaceship, yet looks like a demented cat, and a grandfather
that was supposed to be an emperor of a great empire (who was supposed to
marry the princess) can.
    In some ways, Tenchi wished he could go back to living a normal life,
but in other ways, things were fine just the way they were.
    He found himself pondering over the power of the Light Hawk Wings again,
and why the heck it was he who could summon them and use them to there full
potential.
    And a powerful creature watched them, chuckling to himself every time
Ayeka and Ryoko engaged in a fight. Tomorrow he promised to himself,
tomorrow would be the day he would talk to the boy with the Light Hawk Wings
and his "Friends".
    The next day Ayeka and Ryoko followed the same schedule, a pre-breakfast
fight, a post-breakfast fight, and a mid-day fight. The pre-lunch fight,
however found them in a field next to the woods, and as Ryoko fired another
insult at Ayeka, two arms appeared behind her from the darkness of the
woods. Ayeka screamed as the arms wrapped around Ryoko, who also shrieked in
surprise.
    "BOO" the owner of the arms yelled, and threw Ryoko at Ayeka, who dodged
Ryoko instinctively. Ryoko flipped in the air and turned to face her
opponent. By this time Tenchi was their, with Tenchi-ken.
    "Who is this?" Tenchi asked.
    "Don't know, don't care, but the freak hugged me, trying to crop a feel
or something" said Ryoko.
    "Excuse me Ryoko, but who is it that's always hugging Tenchi?" asked
Ayeka
    "Now's not the time, princess"
    "Who is he anyway?"
    "Well, ask him"
    "You ask him"
    "I'll ask him" said Tenchi in an exasperated voice.
   "Who are you, what do you want" Ryoko glared at Tenchi "*sigh* why did
you 'hug' Ryoko?"
    "I don't really have a name" said the being "I don't 'want' anything,
and I didn't hug Ryoko, I was just joking around"
    "Wow, a joker, listen you little pervert, whether you were joking or not
I'm gonna kick your ass"
    "You couldn't" said the being
    "I'll show YOU" yelled Ryoko as she charged at the being. He moved out
of the way calmly, grabbed her by the back of her shirt, and threw her right
back at Ayeka, who, again dodged her instinctively, etc.
    Ryoko growled in anger as Tenchi and Ayeka watched, wondering what was
up. She drew her sword and flew at the being again. He dodged her attacks
expertly. She drew back angrily and blasted him for at least two minutes.
She watched, panting as the dust cleared, and grunted "Dodge that, bastard".
    The being didn't dodge her blasts, but while the dust cleared a red
energy shield could be seen surrounding him.
    "Are you done yet, I wanna get down to buisness"
    "Damnit" said Ryoko, Ayeka gasped and Tenchi's eyes narrowed.
    "Anyways, like I said, down to buisness, I've been watching all of you
for the past couple of weeks, and I've decided to stay with you all for a
couple of weeks, nothing about taking over the world, or killing the boy who
controls the Light Hawk Wings, or any of the meglomaniac crap, it's just
that you all intrest me" he said in a matter-of-fact voice.
    "I say there's no way your staying with us" said Tenchi who attempted to
summon the Light Hawk Wings, when only a dinky laser blade immited from
Tenchi-Ken. Tenchi shrugged and ran at the "monster" anyway. The being
merely grabbed the blade and threw it into the woods.
    "There, as I was saying, if you don't let me stay with you, I'll kill
you all"
    Tenchi gulped, Ryoko growled angrily.
    "Well this certainly is a tight spot, isn't it?" said Washu, who had
just stepped out of a portal from behind Tenchi.
    "Well it it isn't Little Washu, the worlds greatest scientist?" said the
being.
    "Hey, I like this guy, he can stay with me" responded Washu.
    "Hey, hold on, this just isn't right" Ryoko said.
    "There's not much you can do is there? Anyways I need a name, I was
thinking maybe Hell Warrior, or Death Bringer, something like that"
    "How about Fluffy? Just get the hell out of here, you may be stronger
than me, but I'm not gonna let a sneaky little pervert like you live with
US! Who invited YOU anyways? Tenchi and me are already being annoyed by
Ayeka, so let us deal with that"
    The five of them continued to argue for about another 3 hours, but in
the end the persistance of this strange warrior won.
    As they walked to the house, Tenchi muttered to himself "Oh boy, as if
it were strange enough before all the moved in, now I've got some wierd guy
that finds us intresting moving in, it's gonna be one heck of a week."
    While Tenchi was muttering to himself, a black spacecraft drew closer
and closer to the Masaki home. It emmited a strange, shrieking noise. The
spacecraft landed in front of the group.
    A group of similar looking women stepped off the spaceship and said at
the same time, in the same tone, "You have been caught associating with the
criminal who destroyed the Royal Palace of the Great Emperor of Parashar,
you will all be destroyed, hand over the criminal now and your deaths will
be quick and painless"
    "Who the hell are they?" asked Ryoko
    "Oh gee, did I forget too tell you about them? Well, no time to explain
now, I'll just be going." and with those words, the strange being
dissappeared off into the woods.
    While these parting words were spoken, the women pulled out some VERY
BIG, powerful looking guns, and pointed them straight at Washu, Tenchi,
Ryoko and Ayeka, who were bewildered beyond belief.



    End of Part 1
