Tenchi Muyo: No need to be a Ghost, Tenchi's Funeral
The following day was the day that they had set aside as Tenchi's 
funeral. He was to be laid to rest beside his mothers' grave. As he 
looked about it seamed such a lovely sight, but everyone was sad and 
was on the brink of tears or crying already. Everyone was seated in 
front of an elaborate casket that Washu had designed. He looked at 
himself in the casket and he knew that something was not right. He 
could not be dead and still able to touch Ryoko like he had.
As his grandfather performed the ceremony everyone was crying and his 
dad was the worst. Tenchi noticed Ryoko was next to him so he took hold 
of her gem and moved her arm to his shoulder. As her hand touched him 
Tenchi saw a panicked look appear on Ryoko's face. When his dad patted 
her hand he did not even look up at her, as he took it to mean that she 
understood.
Katsuhito saw her look and pondered why she had done that. It did not 
occur to him that he had stopped talking. He began speaking again where 
he thought he left off as he kept an eye on Ryoko. Tenchi saw her look 
too and he knew that he moved her arm in broad daylight with her awake! 
So he must still be connected to this world somehow.
Tenchi concentrated hard and removed her hand from his father shoulder. 
He looked at Ryoko and told her to relax. Ryoko was very scared at 
seeing her arm move without her say so, but she heard the word relax so 
she tried. She felt her arm pulling her forward so she moved with it. 
It moved her so that she was standing a few feet from his casket. Again 
the feeling of her arm tugging down caused some fear but she went with 
it. Everyone was watching her, and wondering what could she be doing.
Concentrating hard with his hand on her gem an energy ball appeared in 
her hand. Ayeka stood up, "Ryoko what's gotten into you?"
Ryoko looked at everyone and crying she said, "I don't know what's 
wrong I'm not doing this!"
Looking into Ryoko's eyes he saw her fear and he said, "trust me." 
Ryoko nodded. "Good now take it in your hand."
Ryoko looked at the energy ball and noticed that it had a blue sheen to 
it instead of her normal color. She squeezed her hand and everyone was 
surprised to see a blue energy sword form. Still holding her gem Tenchi 
moved the sword to the ground and wrote the words that nearly caused 
several to faint. He began to write as they repeated out loud each 
character slowly.
"Don't bury," they all said in unison. Washu stepped over to Ryoko.
"Ryoko, I know you don't want to see him go, but..."
She froze as her daughters' hand wrote the word, "me." Everyone looked 
on as Ryoko cried Tenchi looked at her smiled. Ryoko felt a calmness 
wash over her as she looked at her wrist. She stood up and turned to 
everyone.
"For the past few days I have felt something strange around my gem and 
it looks like Tenchi can use it to communicate with me." Sasami nearly 
fainted. Ayeka looked horrified again. Turning to Washu, "mom, if he 
can still talk to me and do this then is it possible that he's... 
alive?"
Her mom searched for an answer then her face lit up. "Yes! He can be, 
but I'm not sure where or how. Ryoko, when you two fought it must have 
separated him from his body, that's why he appears dead!" She began 
crying for joy as she finished, "which means that all we have to do is 
find out where he went and then he can return to his body!"
Everyone cheered as Ryoko and her mother hugged each other. Ayeka 
realized that this was how Ryoko knew that Tenchi had forgiven her. 
Quickly they all took his body back to the lab where Washu told them 
that she created a stasis tube and put his body in it as she could not 
allow it to deteriorate. Even when he was about to be buried he would 
be buried in that tube.
Washu spent the next several hours working in her lab trying to locate 
what dimension or plane of existence or whatever he was at. So far she 
was not having any luck. Since Ryoko seamed to be the only one he could 
communicate with she had wanted Ryoko to stay in the lab with her. 
Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, Katsuhito and Noboyuki all stayed in 
the living room waiting for word of his condition. Tenchi's father was 
a nervous wreak as in one week he had lost his son, was attending his 
funeral and then found out that he was not dead after all.
While Ryoko waited in the lab she continued to feel that sensation 
around her gem and she now associated that with Tenchi being there. 
Every time she would feel it she would look up expecting to see him. 
Every time though all she could see was the lab before her, but she 
could feel him smiling at her. It was getting late in the day and 
everyone was getting restless. Ayeka's brother had returned to his 
shrine while Mihoshi and Sasami tried to make dinner. Unsure if they 
should include Tenchi or not.
Ryoko had fallen asleep in a chair in the lab knowing that Tenchi was 
close. As she slept he asked her, "Ryoko, how was it that you could see 
me as a child?" In her dream she could picture his face and hear the 
question but she could not reply. After waking up she went to an extra 
bed in the lab and closed her eyes. This time not to sleep. Remembering 
from back in the cave she tried to separate herself from her physical 
form and after just a few moments she could feel herself pulling away 
again.
Now in her astral form she sat up and looked around. She could see her 
mom there and her body, but not Tenchi. She sat on the edge of the bed 
and wished that it had worked. It was then that she heard a familiar 
voice, "Hello Ryoko."
She jumped up and turned around and she saw him standing there. Joy 
over took her as she jumped at him. In this form they both could feel 
and touch the other, but nothing else around them. Resting her head on 
his shoulder as she hugged him she tried to regain her composure. He 
just held her close and caressed her back and head. When she finally 
could look at him she said weakly, "Tenchi, I missed you. I was lost 
and alone without you!"
"I know, I watched over you as you slept in my bed these past few 
days." She looked up at him and could not help but wonder why or how 
could he stand to be near her with she caused this. Seeing her 
questioning looks he spoke, "Ryoko do you know how you got in my bed 
the other day?" After shaking her head he responded, "because I put you 
there. I did not think you looked comfortable sitting in that chair. 
And nothing happened physically between us."
Barely able to talk she asked, "what, what do you mean physically?"
He smiled that smile that always calmed her down and spoke gently, "as 
I watched you sleep I thought those times that we have spent, um, 
together and I knew that I would do anything to protect you and keep 
you with me." She gazed into his eyes as he leaned in close to her, 
"Ryoko, it's because I loved you that I put you there and that is why I 
have gone to rescue you from Kagato and from Clay. I cannot live my 
life with out you."
She hugged him close as she spoke and in her mind all she ever wanted 
was someone to love her, even though she did not know love she craved 
it. He lifted her head up and kissed her on the lips before pulling 
away.
"Ryoko, now that you have seen me you can help Washu locate me. Return 
to your body." She did not want to, as she had not seen him for so 
long. All she wanted was to be with him again. But grudgingly she did 
return to her body. 
When she woke up she was crying and it took her a few moments to stop 
before she could talk. "Mom...I mean Little Washu." At the sound of the 
word 'mom' Washu had turned around to see her daughter crying.
"What's wrong Ryoko?" Her mom came over to her and sat beside her with 
genuine concern that only a real mom can show.
"I, I saw him. He touched me and we talked." Washu's eyes' widened at 
this, but before she could ask Ryoko told her. "I separated from my 
body like I did while in the cave and again like when you brought me 
back on the Soujya. In my astral form I could see and talk to him!" 
Ryoko was near crying for joy as she told her mom what she just 
experienced.
Washu jumped up and shouted, "Eureka! I got it, I know what happened!" 
Washu ran over to her computers and began typing away furiously. She 
kept babbling that she knew where he was and how to get him back. 
Overcome with emotions Ryoko cried for a moment before leaving the lab 
to tell everyone else what was going on.
In short order the lab was a buzz of activity as everyone was milling 
about behind the frantic genius as she worked on how to bring Tenchi 
back. When everyone was assembled Washu finally spoke. "Back about two 
days ago something happened that shocked the whole household. It seamed 
as though Ryoko and Ayeka were about to kill each other when Tenchi in 
a desperate moment put himself in between them. The result was that his 
body and spirit separated. Having never experiencing that his body went 
into shock and shut down giving all appearances that he was dead. Since 
I put him in suspended animation his body has stopped deteriorating and 
is the same as it was at the time of the attack. We all now know that 
in fact he lives on and has been communicating through Ryoko's gem. 
Since we know how it happened and since Ryoko has now been able to see 
him as well." Washu paused so that the surprised looks would pass. "I 
think we can bring him home, but it is possible that the injuries that 
his body suffered can cause him to die when they are joined." Everyone 
looked down at the idea or bringing him back just to loose him again.
"That is why, I am not going to bring him back yet, instead I am going 
to repair his body so that he can come back without fear." All but 
Ryoko looked down at this as they could not talk to him or see him yet, 
but she could. Ayeka thought it was a ploy at first by Washu to allow 
Ryoko time with Tenchi, but after re-examining his body she knew that 
they were right. "Ryoko, will you talk to Tenchi and see if this is 
ok?"
When she said that all eyes turned to Ryoko, and she felt that tingling 
feeling in her arm again. Tenchi was holding her gem. He looked at her 
smiling, "I understand, and will you repeat after me?" Ryoko just 
nodded. 
He began to tell her something that he wanted her to repeat, once she 
had the whole message a tear formed as she told them, "he said that it 
is OK, and he knew it would not be a problem for the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe." The others laughed, but Washu was 
touched that he had so much confidence in her after all the experiments 
she tried on him. When Washu began work again everyone left Ryoko, 
Washu and Noboyuki there in the lab.
He looked at Ryoko and approached her, "Ryoko can my son hear me? Can 
he really be alive?"
"Yes, he is with me now, I can feel him holding my gem." Ryoko was 
almost smiling, as she knew who it was with her now. At first she 
thought someone was trying to take control of her again like Kagato had 
done, but when she discovered Tenchi was just using her to communicate 
she started enjoying it.
"Why, why did you put your hand on my shoulder at the funeral?" He was 
confused and seamed to be having a hard time accepting all that was 
going on.
Smiling back at him she responded, "When I felt my arm moving it was 
not me that was doing it. Actually at first I thought Kagato was back 
and trying to regain control of me. But when I heard someone tell me to 
relax and then asked me to help I began to wonder. So it was not me, 
but Tenchi that placed a hand on your shoulder."
It was hard to accept, his son, who was supposed to be dead was trying 
to console him. Just like when his mom died they tried to console each 
other. He smiled weakly as he thought about his son still trying to 
help. Giving Ryoko a quick thank you he left the room.
