Tenchi Muyo: No need to be a Ghost, Tenchi's Resurrection
Looking back over his life the girls had always pressured him to 
choose, but Tenchi had never thought that he had, in fact he had chosen 
before he even knew who he was. He had told her so recently too. She 
was there for him, now it was time to be there for her.
Leaving her in his room he returned to the lab. Washu was asleep by her 
keyboard. Looking in at his body he noticed it was still in bad shape, 
but if he could call on the Light Hawk Wings when he entered the body 
then they would heal him, he hoped as they had done that before. He sat 
on the table and allowed his ghostly legs to move into the same 
position as his legs in the tube. Then lying down in his body he began 
to concentrate.
Washu had spent the past few days running tests and not sleeping, now 
fatigue had laid claim to her body. She slept so soundly that she was 
unaware of the miracle happening.
When Tenchi had laid himself down in his body he began to concentrate. 
He focused on his body and on the Light Hawk Wings. As he concentrated 
he could feel sensations all over his body. First it was pain then 
numbness, but he remained focused on one thing. Returning to his love 
as she slept. With his thoughts focused the symbols appeared and his 
body was wrapped in an angelic glow.
He could feel the wings pass over him healing his body as they 
descended on him. The power from them burst out the glass of the tube 
allowing steam and smoke to fill the area around him as his body rose 
into the air. Washu's machines had started going crazy and some even 
melting from the sheer power radiating from him. But still she slept, 
as did the whole household.
 
Tenchi willed his body over to the ground and as he touched the floor 
he instantly shivered at the coldness of the floor. He smiled, as he 
knew that he was back. Cradling Washu in his arms he took her out of 
the lab and laid her on the couch. Then covering her with a blanket he 
looked up the stairs. His thoughts clear and his mind centered like 
they had never been before he ascended the staircase and entered his 
room.
After walking in he closed his door and settled into the bed beside 
Ryoko, this time wrapping his arms around her and they did not phase 
through her. With a strong inhale he was amazed at how sweet she 
smelled and how her fragrance filled him like never before. He was 
almost too happy to sleep, but with returning to his body and breaking 
out of the lab he was now extremely tired so he slept, and he stayed 
there till morning.
Sasami was the first one up as normal. She did not wake anyone up till 
she got downstairs and saw Washu asleep on the couch. Walking over to 
the scientist she tried to wake her. "Washu? Little Washu?" It took 
some time but she finally did wake up.
"Oh, hi Sasami. Morning already then? Hay what are you doing in my 
lab?"
The girl snickered, "but Washu you are in the living room."
Looking around frantically she began to sputter, "What? How? Where? Um, 
How did I get here? The last thing I remember was running a test on 
Tenchi?"
Shrugging her shoulders the two entered the lab and saw the glass on 
the tube was shattered and smoke filled the room. Both of them ran over 
to the place where Tenchi had been but he was gone. Several of her 
machines were destroyed and others were barely recognizable.
Washu began to frantically look around for the answers as Sasami tried 
not to cry at the thought that Tenchi had gone away for good. Washu was 
unable to determine what happened, most of her monitors were burned out 
and the last thing they registered was a massive power flux. "Um, 
Sasami, I think we have a problem, it seems as though there was a 
massive power surge then everything blew up."
Crying now she asked Washu, "But what about Tenchi? Didn't your 
camera's record anything?"
Sitting at her keyboard again Washu looked over her video and the last 
thing was a bright light that seamed to come from within the tube 
before it destroyed the lenses of the camera's. "Sasami I don't know 
but according to this there was a power flow, but..." She replayed the 
video from another angle and she could see herself sleeping at the 
keyboard. "But if there was an explosion how did I get outside on the 
couch?"
Sad faced they left the lab and returned to the living room. There was 
no explanation, for in his current state if he had returned to his body 
he should have died. As they contemplated things Ayeka awoke and came 
downstairs. When she saw her sister and Washu she inquired as to what 
was wrong, and they told her all that they knew.
"This is indeed terrible. We should awaken Ryoko and tell her about 
this, she will want to know." Ayeka seamed to have a good idea, so they 
followed her upstairs and stopping at Tenchi's door. They knew Ryoko 
was there, that is where she had been for the past several days, but 
how can they tell her that Tenchi is gone?
Opening it slowly they looked in, "Ryoko? Ryoko are you awake?" They 
could see her lying on the bed and she seemed to be having a good 
dream. But hearing her name she woke up slowly with a sad look. "Ryoko, 
please we have to tell you something."
Reluctantly she opened her eyes and saw them standing just inside the 
door of his room. "Morning, what's up?"
"There seems to have been something, um well we need you to come 
downstairs." Washu was not sure how to tell her what happened for she 
herself did not understand.
"Ok, fine I'll be there." Ryoko tossed back the covers and Sasami 
screamed. Everyone froze in their places as the girl pointed at Ryoko's 
side. Following her finger they saw that Ryoko had an extra arm. "Oh 
Shit!" Ryoko was scared so she jumped into the air to examine her self, 
but the arm fell away from her and everyone saw whose it was. There was 
Tenchi, asleep in his bed, and his arm had been around Ryoko. All of 
them nearly fainted at the sight of him, but Ryoko was first to touch 
him. She weakly held out a hand and touched his face just to make sure 
she was not dreaming. "Tenchi?"
When her hand made contact with him he smiled and moved to get more 
comfortable. The girls just laughed and moved in closer. Unable to 
believe the sight before them Ryoko and Washu began to look over his 
body and found that he was completely healed. There was no explanation 
for his sudden recovery, or why he was there.
Finally Ryoko sent Sasami to start breakfast, then sent Ayeka to get 
his grandpa and Washu to get his dad. She stayed there with him and 
gently caressed his face and hair. He seamed to respond to her touches 
because she could hear him moan occasionally. Tears began to fall from 
Ryoko, as she was so happy to have him back. Placing her head against 
his chest she began to cry harder until a hand touched her face. 
Her head jerked up to see him smiling at her. "I hope you're not crying 
over a corpse?" Smiling wildly she flung herself at him to hug him.
"Oh Tenchi! I missed you so much! Please don't ever do that again!" She 
was crying and begging him like that when everyone returned to his 
room.
He placed a hand on her cheek and looked into her eyes. "Ryoko, 
everyone is back. And remember we saw each other just yesterday in the 
lab."
"That reminds me Tenchi what happened in the lab?" Washu was curious, 
as there seamed to be no explanation for it. He sat up and gently 
pushed Ryoko away. When he stood up for them all to see he closed his 
eyes and embraced the power of the wings again.
All of them saw the symbols appear and then the wings appear before 
him. "I used the healing power of the wings to both reunite me with my 
physical form and to escape that thing. I'm sorry Washu but I destroyed 
some of your things in the process. As for you, well you looked 
uncomfortable sleeping on your keyboard so I put you on the couch."
"You mean to tell me that I missed you using those wings in my lab!" 
She almost sounded upset, but she continued, "well considering things 
you can destroy my lab anytime, but next time I get to watch!"
They all laughed at that and hoped there never would be a next time. 
Tenchi then turned to his dresser and pulling out a small box he told 
them. "I have an announcement, for years I have been asked to make a 
decision as to who I loved." When he brought up that question everyone 
went silent and Ryoko and Ayeka almost held their breath. "But to be 
truthful, I had made a decision a long time ago, I just never admitted 
it, to anyone including myself." He looked at Ayeka and then Ryoko. "I 
believe that my decision will possibly not surprise anyone here."
He seamed to approach them both as they were right beside each other. 
"I have loved you both, but one I have loved more then family. I had 
hidden my feelings, as I did not want to hurt either of you. Both of 
you have done things to embarrass me and at times make me mad, but I 
could never hate or stop loving either of you. My decision was made a 
few days ago, after it had been reaffirmed many times over the past few 
years and even over my life." Ryoko looked up at him at this, "Yes, 
Ryoko. I love you." Dropping to one knee he opened the box that held 
his mothers engagement ring. "Will you please marry..." he was unable 
to continue as she shouted yes and then began to kiss him feverishly 
before all those around.
At first Ayeka had hoped that he would choose her, but seeing him this 
morning she knew that he would not. So when he did make his choice 
official she celebrated with everyone over his proposal. As they 
watched Ryoko kiss him several times they could not help but let out a 
sigh as their lips finally met and they held on to each other like they 
might disappear.
Ryoko had always wanted Tenchi to love her, but she was not expecting 
him to want to marry her. From reading his dad's books that was to be a 
symbol of great love where two people wanted to spend their lives 
together, which is exactly what he wanted.
 
**********
Authors Note: While I am considering continuing this I will be taking a 
break from it while I work on what should come next. Keep your eyes 
open for more updates. :)
