No Need For A Confrontation
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction
By Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron -  bigkwell@juno.com

"Tenchi Muyo!" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and Masaki 
Kajishima and are the property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the characters, nor 
the series.  I just write the fiction.  Baron Kazamone is my creation.

This is based on the OVA continuity, following the events of "Bounty Hunter's 
Holiday."


The parlamentary campus in the capitol city of the planet of Jurai was a huge 
complex, spanning an area of over a thousand hecacres, and was ajacent to the 
Imperial Palace.  It was in this place that the business of governing the Jurai 
Empire was conducted.  There were buildings that contained offices where the 
legestlators conducted meetings of various importance, and all were surrounding 
the vast Hall Of Councils in the center of the campus.  The hall was where the 
two major assemblies of government, the Supreme Council and the Holy Council, 
met to issue laws and rulings that weren't the provance of the royal family.  

Usually, this place would be a hive of activity, swarming with councilors in the 
business of lawmaking.  But on this day, the hall was dark and surprisingly 
quiet.  There was only one person standing in the great hallway.

Baron Kazamone did not like this arangement.  A few minutes ago, he had received 
a message, asking him to come to the Hall Of Councils to meet someone.  As was 
his habit, he had arived promptly at the hall, but was annoyed at the quiet of 
the place.  He loved the buzy pace this building offered, for it was an 
assurance that the business of running the empire was secure.  He scrached his 
chin, which was covering with a beard of snow-white hair, and wondered if it was 
some obscure holiday that was call by the emperor.  If it was he who was 
emperor, he would certainly make sure that the hall remained buzy, except for 
Starrica.

"What's taken you so long?" a deep female voice called out from the shadows.  
"I've been waiting for over an hour for you to show up."

The baron turned in the direction of the voice.  His gaze soon faced a mass of 
shadow that led to an oviously empty space.  Slowly, a form stepped out of the 
shadows and into the bare shaft of light that had lit the baron's spot.  The 
form pulled a hood from over her head, revealing herself to be Nagi.  She didn't 
appear to be armed, nor was her cabbit accompaning her.

Kazamone straightened himself out and approached the bounty hunter.  "What are 
you doing here?  This place is for council members only!" he demanded.

"You had an opportunity to see the world I lived in, so I thought that I might 
see what it was like where you worked." Nagi said with a smirk.

"So you have." Kazamone said humorlessly.  He then changed the question.  "So?  
What is it that you have risked being jailed for anyway?"

Nagi came to the point.  "I've come to tell you that have put aside my conflict 
with Ryoko."

"WHAT!?!" the baron gasped.

"Didn't you heard me the first time?  I've made my peace with Ryoko.  I no 
longer have any wish to hunt her down."

"I don't believe this!" Kazamone gasped.  "What about my son!?!  Doesn't his 
death by her hands have any meaning to you!?!"

"I don't know." Nagi sighed.  "Why don't you ask him the next time he tries to 
invite you to dinner with his wife."

Kazamone stared in shock at the bounty hunter at this reveliation.  Then he 
closed his eyes, smiled and said, "So?  You discovered my little secret.  I am 
not surprised really, since you must have several resources at your disposal."  
Then he opened his eyes, and while still smiling, stared Nagi in the eyes and 
continued.  "Too bad that those resources will not help you where you're going."

"What are you talking about?" Nagi said, "I just wanted you to know that I don't 
like getting jerked around like that."

"My dear, the real target wasn't that space pirate-it was that boy that she keep 
company with.  I was hoping that in your attempt to kill Ryoko that the boy 
would be killed as well.  Too bad really, since you will not to be able tell 
anyone about about it."  Kazamone made a sweeping gesture around and continued.  
"You see, you have trespassed upon a secure compound on this planet.  Only 
councilors, royalty, and their guest are allow on these premises.  Any others is 
subject to execution by royal proclaimtion, a proclaimation that has existed for 
over fifty thousand years."

"Damn." Nagi mutter under her breath as she cast her eyes downward.  Then she 
looked up to the baron and asked, "Well, as long as I'm going to fry anyway, 
there is one thing that I would like to know:  why in the world do you want that 
boy dead?"

Kazamone smiled.  "I guess that would be a proper thing to ask, so I think that 
I will indulge you, my dear.  You see, for over one hundred thousand years, 
Jurai has ruled this little corner of the galaxy with a firm, yet compassionate 
hand.  In those years, the emperors that have ruled have kept the blood of the 
royal family pure, insuring that nothing that would otherwise poison that family 
would be introduced.  Then, over eight hundred years ago, our dear emperor Azusa 
had the gall to take as a wife an offworlder, a woman for Jurai Colony world 
0315.  That alone was an afront of everything that has passed.  What was even 
worse was a son came out of that union, whom our emperor had declared as his 
heir.  Of course, he had taken another wife as well, a pure-blooded Juraian 
which they had two children, but the fact that a mongrel had been declared an 
heir to Jurai's throne was more than I could stand!"  Kazamone was getting red 
in the face as he related this.

"You mean the long-missing Prince Yosho?  I thought that he died over seven 
hundred years ago." Nagi said.

"That's what I had hoped." Kazamone countered.  "But then, through channels that 
I am not at liberty to discuss right now, I found out that the prince was indeed 
still alive.  And that he had fathered a daugter, who in turn bore him a 
grandson, Tenchi.  Prince Yosho is stranded on colony world 0315 now, with no 
way to return to Jurai.  Which make his grandson the heir to the throne of 
Jurai.  Luckily, I found out that his two pure-bred daughters, Ayeka and Sasami, 
were still alive and living on 0315 with Tenchi.  It was then I resolved to end 
the life of the mongrel's grandson and bring the princesses back to Jurai."

"Oh?" Nagi mused.  "And how were you going to accomplish that little task?"

"Well first, I've gotten as much pertanate data on the planet as I can, as well 
as their whereabouts, which I've given you on that data crystal a while back.  
And by the way, I lied when I said that I was taking all the risk; I've removed 
all evidence of my access.  So in addition to being hung for tresspass, you'll 
be further inplicated in possision of stolen information." Kazamone laughed.

"You bastard!" Nagi growled.  "I should have known."

Kazamone smiled wickedly.  "Well, sorry about that, my dear.  Anyway, after you 
were supposed to kill the boy, that would force the emperor to ask for Princess 
Ayeka's return, because she is the only royal family member capible to assuming 
the throne.  Afterwards, a marrage would be arranged upon her return.  You see, 
I have some connections to the Amaki clan here on Jurai, and at least one of 
them is willing to put asside their differences with the Masaki clan to marry 
Ayeka.  After that, when the couple assume the throne, he would be willing to 
grant me any favor that I please."

"That is if he doesn't decide to get rid of you to cover his tracks." Nagi 
added.

"Really, do you not think that I have arranged for that little problem?  It 
would have been a perfect plan if you haven't decided to betray me this way." 
Kazamone answered, a scowl gracing his face.  "Such a shame, really."

"I don't understand one thing," Nagi asked, almost casually, "why would go 
through all this trouble just to get rid of one member of the royal family is 
this way?"

"Because that boy ISN'T a true royal!!!" Kazamone bellowed.  "He's nothing but a 
mongrel; a mixed-breed mutt who would've polluted the pure line of the Jurai 
royal house!  All because our emperor married an offworlder cow that we have 
this problem!!!  You must understand me at this, I was trying to save Jurai!"

"Save Jurai from whom, Baron?" a strange female voice had piped up from the 
shadows behind Nagi.

Kazamone's ice-blue eyes went wide, and he felt his insides clenching up.  His 
body began trembleing, and it was only worsened when he hear another female 
voice as well.  "Yes, sister.  I would like to know that myself."  

Nagi looked casually over her shoulder as several shapes began emerging from the 
shadows behind her.  Kazamone felt his breath getting caught in his throat as 
the figures made themselves visible besides her.  Three of the figures he 
recognized as Jurai palace guards, but it was the other two that had terrified 
him the most.

Both of them were female, fairly tall and of equal height, although the one with 
blue hair had a ponytail that made her seem a little taller than her companion.  
Her red eyes, above which two green dots were visible on her forehead, hinted 
with barely controled anger.  Her companion, however seemed much calmer, 
although her brown eyes clearly showed that she was not pleased.  This one had 
black hair that cascaded down to her knees, with two forelocks tied in front of 
her ears, and her forehead had a single green dot.

Now Kazamone was clearly terrified, for he knew these women-especially the dark-
haired one.  However, he found his breath, straightened himself up and addressed 
the two of them.  "E-empress Funaho, Empress Misaki.  L-l-l-listen, I-I can 
explain everything. . ."  But before he can, Funaho held out her hand as if 
requesting silence.

"Baron," Funaho had began, her brown eyes closed and a small smile gracing her 
face, "I have told you so many times before, I do not care about your opinions 
about me.  You are fully entitled to them.  However," she added, the smile 
disappearing and her gaze hardening, "when you take action to you opinions, that 
is when I take exception to them.  I am very displeased that you have chosen to 
attack my family."  She then glanced over to Nagi.  "My son has made me fully 
aware of what had happened, and Nagi here has been more than candid about her 
part in these sad turn of events.  And as for trespass, she is our guest here."  
Her voice had remained calm and even.  

Misaki, on the other hand, looked as if she were about to lose control at any 
moment.  She had taken on her nervous habit of chewing on a piece of her robe in 
order to stay calm.  Kazamone trembled as he saw this.  It was no secret about 
Misaki's great streingh, a trait inheireted from her mother, Seto.  He had hoped 
that she would not go beserk at this moment.

"Please," the baron began, hoping to salvage something out of this,  "you cannot 
be serious about this.  Both of you really don't think that I could be serious 
about this?"  But before he can go further, Funaho produced a device from under 
her robes and pressed a button. 'I don't care what you do to him.' the baron's 
own voice came from the device, 'You can kill him to, for all I care.'  His face 
became paler than his hair and beard.

"As you see, Baron," Misaki finally said, showing some calm, "Nagi knows a 
little something about crystal recorders, too.  She freely gave us this nugget 
about your conversation with her, along with the data crystal that you gave 
her."

"Indeed." Funaho added.  "And as for removing your entry data from the data 
crystal, you were very careless about THAT too.  You may have removed any 
visible signs about your entry data, but to remove it all, you would have to 
remove ALL the data.  And that is where Washu had found your entry 
identification when she examined the crystal as well and your instructions.  I'm 
afraid that this will serve as convenient evidence against you when your case is 
brought up for trial."

"Don't forget about this," Nagi added, handing Funaho another data crystal, "our 
little conversation afterwards." The bounty hunter then turned to stare at 
Kazamone, "I don't like getting screwed around, Baron.  And I don't like having 
my feeling used in the manner you had done."

"BUT WHAT ABOUT NAGI'S PART IN THIS!?!" the baron screamed, pointing his finger 
wildly at the bounty hunter. "SHE DID TRESPASS ON 0315 AS WELL AT ATTACK THE 
BOY!?!"

"One doesn't blame the tool for the artist's sloppy workmanship." Funaho 
answered.  "You had used her as your tool in trying to assasinate my great-
grandson, and I do not blame her in any way or form, nor does me and my sister's 
husband."  She then produced yet another crystal.  "This has deposisions from 
Tenchi, Yosho, Ayeka, and even Ryoko, as well and detectives Kiramitzu and 
Makabi, all attesting to Nagi's innocence.  You should be very ashamed of 
yourself, Baron."

Kazamone suddenly felt sick, knowing that his little game had run its course.  
It was then that he noticed something and looked downward.  A warm, yellow 
puddle had gathered at his feet, and it was growing in size.

"Oh my," Funaho gasped, holding her hand to her mouth, "it seems that you have 
accidently soiled yourself, Baron."

"Indeed he had." Misaki added.  She then turned to the guards and said, 
"Gentlemen, could you escort the baron to a place where he can get a fresh 
change of clothes?"

"Yes, your majesty." the head guard answered.  He walked in front of Kazamone, 
while the other two guards flanked the baron, and asked, "Baron, will you kindly 
accompany us, please."  The baron hung his head in shame as the guards gently 
led him away.

"How sad." Funaho said as the group departed.  "He was one of the brightest and 
most able in the Holy Council.  To think that he would have lowered himself to 
this. . ." she shook her head, "what a waste."  Then she saw the urine puddle 
left over and added, "Oh dear.  Looks like the maintainence workers here are 
going to have a very distastful task ahead of them."

"I agree, sis." Misaki added.  She then turned to Nagi and said, "Well, shall we 
be going?"

"Yes, I do believe it's time." the bounty hunter said.

The three women walked down the darkened corridor to a side door, where a large 
hoverlimo had stood in waiting.  A guard opened the door of the vehicle and 
ushered the women in, the royals first, and then Nagi.  There, waiting inside 
was Ken-Ohki, who was in his cabbit form.  Once everyone was seated, Funaho gave 
the driver instructions, afterwhich the hoverlimo spead off from the Hall of 
Councils.

Once underway, Nagi had recovered the weapons that she had left in the hoverlimo 
with Ken-Ohki and settled in on the right-hand seat.  Misaki was in the left 
seat, gently cuddling the cabbit and scratching behind his ears.  Funaho then 
looked around and decided to strike up a conversation.  "Well Nagi," she began, 
"did things come to your satisfaction?"

"They certainly have," the bounty hunter spoke up, "although I do feel a little 
bit sorry about the baron back there.  He looked as if he were walking the last 
mile back there."

"That's not the worst of it." Misaki chuckled.  "After what's going to happen to 
him, he's going to wish he really was getting the death penalty."

"Really?" Nagi said, an eyebrow raised in amazement.

"Yes." Funaho said.  "Since no one was really hurt in the incident, and it was 
Kazamone's plan to begin with, he is possibly going to spend the rest of his 
life in prison.  And even if he ever is released, because of his betrayal, he 
will lose everything that he has treasured in his life; his wealth, social 
status, even his home, all of which will be transferred to his former wife and 
his son.  I do hope that they decide to return from the Seniwa homeworld.  From 
what I'm told, the wife of Kazamone's son is really quite a lovely woman."

"What I don't understand is," Nagi interjected, "is how you were able to get me 
cleared of any charges, and how this was all set up so fast.  I thought that it 
would take a long time to set everything up."

"It would have," Funaho answered, "however, all was accomplish because 
beforehand, you had a very powerful advocate on your behalf."

"A very powerful..." Nagi began, but then her eyebrows raised in realization.  A 
great smile graced the bounty hunter's face as she breathed her response.  
"Tsunami."

"Yes." Misaki remarked as she stroked Ken-Ohki.  "She appeared before a Supreme 
Council meeting, with all of us, as well as Azusa present.  She had told us what 
had happened, explained that you were being manipulated, and had appealed to 
Azusa not to press any charges against you."

"Even our husband could not refuse a plea from Tsunami." Funaho added.  "So when 
Yosho contacted us explaining the situation, it was only a matter of setting up 
this little, I think the word I'm looking for is 'sting'."

"But if you already knew what was going on, why did you let as if it were a 
social call?" Nagi asked.

"Mostly for hearing Yosho again." Fuhano answered.  "Do you realize how hard it 
is to get your son to call his mother once in a while."  Nagi almost 
facefaulted.  "Anyway," the first queen of Jurai continued, "at least I know 
that Washu's lost project is safe and in very secure hands."  She glanced at 
Ken-Ohki, who was snuggled on Misaki's lap.

"Not to mention he's such a cutie." the second queen smiled.

"Still," Nagi sighed, "I still feel bad about this whole thing.  I wish that 
there was something that I can do to make up for all of it."

"There might be one thing." Funaho said.  Then she produced yet another data 
crystal from her robe and placed it in the bounty hunter's hand.  "This crystal 
has an encoded number that will direct any message you might send to me.  If you 
happen to hear anything in your travels that you feel might need my attention, 
please do so."

Nagi looked at the crystal.  "Are you asking me to spy for you?" she inquired.

"Nothing so grandiose." Funaho answered.  "All I'm asking is that there is 
something that might be helpful or harmful to Jurai, and you feel that it merit 
my attention, please do not hesitate to contact me."

"You got a deal." Nagi answered, smiling.

The hoverlimo traveled for a time outside the capitol city, onto a lush, wooded 
plain.  There, the vehicle stopped.  The passengers disembarked from the 
hoverlimo and walked out to a clearing.  There, Nagi turned to Ken-Ohki, who was 
sitting on Misaki's shoulder, and said, "Okay, old friend, time to do your 
thing."

"Chou-chou!" Ken-Ohki quipped.  He jumped off, bounded upward, and with a great 
yowl, transformed into his spaceship form.

"Well, I guess this is where we say goodbye." Funaho said as Ken-Ohki assumed 
his ship form.

"Guess so." Nagi said.  Turning to the queens, she then said, "Tenchi said it 
was alright for me to come back and visit once in a while.  Is is alright with 
you."

"If Tenchi says you can come back, then you do not need our permission to do 
so." Funaho answered.

"Where will you be going?" Misaki asked.

Nagi looked up in the sky.  "There are still a lot criminals that I got to look 
for.  So I guess I'll be back on the hunt in a few days.  But I think for now, 
me and Ken-Ohki are going to take a few weeks off, find a peaceful planet to 
rest up.  And I might pick a few wildflowers while I'm there."

"Picking wildflowers?" Funaho asked.

"Yes." Nagi answered.  "Haven't done that since I was a little girl."  And with 
that, Nagi was transported up to Ken-Ohki, and soon, the cabbit ship was 
accelerating upwards in the sky until they had dissapeared from view.

"Well sister, there they go.  Nagi will have a long time healing from her 
conflict with Ryoko, but at least with this vacation, I believe that she is on 
the right path." Funaho said, turning towards the hoverlimo.

"Yes." Misaki added, turning as well.  "And speaking of vacations, shouldn't we 
be planning our next visit with Tenchi and the girls?"

"Indeed."Funaho said as she boarded the hoverlimo.  "However, we have to plan to 
in about six months.  I believe that is how long it is going to take to browbeat 
Azusa into going with us."


AUTHOR'S NOTES-Nether snow, nor rain, nor computers on the fritz was going to 
keep me from completing this saga.  My computer decided to take a crap on me a 
few weeks ago when I started this story.  Luckily, with a floppy disc, and a few 
visits to the library, I was able to get this done.  I would like to thank the 
Mid-Columbia Library System in my hometown of Kennewick, Washington, for without 
their computers, I could not get this story completed.

Hopefully, when my computer is back up, I will continue to write more stories 
and MST's to tickle your fancies.  So until then. . . LATER!

9/11/01
FDNY-NYPD-THE REAL HEROES

  
