No need for a lifetime!
Book I: Rebellion 
Chapter I: no need for a tearful goodbye!

I don't own any thing in here but the plot, don't sue 
Oh and this is based a few weeks after Ryoko remembers her deepest 
secret, too bad I cant tell ya what it is
And this one IS a Tenchi + Ryoko story 


Ryoko repeated the verse over and over in her head <I will not love nor 
marry thou I guard, and I will not pursue love from thou I guard>, for 
it was all that keep her from falling on the floor and screaming loud 
anuff to hear on juria, it was all that keep her from asking herself 
why she was leaving. But, at that thought she stopped, why was she 
leaving? If not for that code of honor she'd have only one reason, 
Tenchi did not love her, he loved Aeka, but that had not stopped her 
before, and it did not stop her now, it was those words that stopped 
her, that and the fact that she knew very well that she belonged on 
jurai in front of king Azusa door, standing guard like a mindless korta 
(a juria word for servant), but that's where she belonged and that was 
where she was headed to.
<I should say good bye to Ryo-ohki before I leave>
"Ryo-ohki!" Ryoko sent this to Ryo-ohki so not to wake her, but instead 
talk to her subconscious
"Mya?"(I'm going to translate this now.)
"Ryoko?" came the small voice of Ryo-ohki 
"Ryo-ohki, I just wanted to say goodbye"
"Why?"
"Because, I have to go"
"Wait for me then, ill get up!"
"No, stay asleep, I'm going alone so you don't have to come, so you can 
stay here" Ryoko's voice was sad and tearful
"No! I promised you years ago I wouldn't leave you and I'd fallow you 
no matter what!"
"Ryo-ohki."
"I'm going with you!"
<I can't let her go.I know! I should have done this before anyway.> 
Ryoko thought then said, "No, we'll both stay"
"Really?! Good! I'm going back to bed!" Ryo-ohki said then cut her 
thoughts to Ryoko off, making them free from each others thoughts
<Ill stay, ill just be in the shrine>.


Ryoko flew around the house to make sure that no-one was up. When she 
was sure she walked to the kitchen took the sharpest knife  
<why did I do this? Why did I have to take that stupid code of honor? 
Because of Washu!  'I want my baby safe that's all' yeah right!
Twice! I've been through this twice because of her! WHY DID I LISNE? 
WHY?> Ryoko began to fly to the shrine, not knowing Tenchi was on his 
way early to do his chores 


"RYOKO! STOP!" Tenchi knocked the knife out of Ryoko's hand and sank to 
the floor next to her, still holding her whist 
"LET GO OF ME TENCHI!" she had begun to cry and fight, hard, to get 
Tenchi off, but he only held on tighter 
"LET GO!" she demanded again 
"RYOKO! WHAT THE HELL WHERE YOU DOING?!"  
"Go Tenchi!" her voice was weak now, as was her body, which was still 
held tightly by Tenchi's arms, even thou she had stop fighting him 
"just go!"
"No! I won't let you do that!"
"Why?! I can't stay here and I don't want to go back there, so why not 
do it? And why not let me do it? To make yourself feel better?"
"NO! I won't let you do it because I love you!" with that he kissed 
her. Ryoko let him, but only for a second
"Tenchi we just can't do this, its wrong!"   
"Ryoko what are you talking about?! We both always wanted this!"
"I still want it! But.I.can't"
"WHY?!"
"I promised not to tell you." she looked down. Tenchi had loosened his 
grip. She looked up to his face and put her lips to his ear "if you 
want to find me follow the roots through the sky. I will try to wait, 
I'm not sure I can thou" with that she disappeared from his arms 
"RYOKO!" 


Ryoko stood in front of the jurai palace and thought
<it been so long since I was last here, I wonder if that korta.ummm..oh 
yeah, Lina! I wonder if she still here?> she began to walk in but two 
more of her kind, two more vanaic's, on very fat and old, the other 
very young good looking and skinny with a sweet smile(which vanished 
when he saw her), stopped her 
"Its you!"
"Die you evil b-"
"Wait! I'm one of you! Look" Ryoko showed them her right wrist, which 
had the vanaic's make on it, a black snake like line "you can always 
trust one of your own"
"But."
"How."
"Tie me up and gag me if you like just let me see king Azusa"
"Why?"
"I have news for him"
"What news?"
"The prince Yosho has died" they both looked shocked 
"Fine, korro, go with her" korro, the young, good looking one, took her 
in the palace
"Sorry if we where a bit harsh, no one I know knows you're a vanaic"
"It's all right, I'm used to it" she smile at him and he smile back
"Is it true that prince Yosho is dead?"
"Yes, I was by his death bed when he went"
"And is it true you where his vanaic?"
"Yes"
"Sorry if this seem's like 1000 questions"
"Its all right" Ryoko laughed slightly and smile once more at him, 
getting that sweet smile in return
"Here we are" korro said, his checks where a bit red 
"Thank you" Ryoko said as she walked in, holding her wrist out hole 
time to show the vanaic standing guard that she was alright, looking 
back only once to smile at korro before she came face to face with her 
first vano(the jurai word for the person a vanaic protects), Misaki 
Masaki 
"Ryoko!!!" Misaki grabbed Ryoko around neck hug her, hard
"Lo.Misaki" 
"You came back to be a vanaic again!" 
"That...an.I.av...news"
"What news?"
"Let.go...an.ill.tell you"
"Sorry" Misaki let go and Ryoko took a deep breath then stood strait
"The prince Yohso is dead"
"W.what?" Misaki began to cry
"I'm sorry" 
"Oh.its not your.f.fault"
"I need to tell king Azusa"
"O.of course.I.I'll get him"
"Thank you"
"Azusa!!" Misaki ran to get Azusa. Ryoko sighed, she hated seeing 
Misaki like that. 
"What is the meaning of you being here? Making lies that my son is dead 
no less!" Azusa stormed in, the two crying Misaki and Funaho behind 
him. Ryoko quickly put out her wrist "like I care you're a vanaic! You 
tried to destroy your own home!"
"I was being controlled! And it is true the prince is dead! And I'm 
here to gain trust once more!" Ryoko tried hard to stand strait 
"Gain our trust? GIAN OUR TRUST AFTER YOU PUSHED IT OVER THE END?"
"Azusa! Stop! She didn't mean to hurt anyone!" Funaho said through her 
tiers. Azusa stared, Funaho was never found of Ryoko in the first place 
and now she was sticking up for her "give her one more chance. I'm sure 
Misaki would love to have her back for a vanaic" Misaki nodded 
"if that is what you wish, but" he turned to Ryoko"take one step out of 
line and" he slide his finger across his throat
"Yessir" Ryoko nodded then Misaki took her to her new room


