Tenchi Muyo: No need to be a Ghost
Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, Pioneer and AIC do. I have 
just used them in a story that I would love to see happen. I am not 
doing this for money, and definitely not looking for a lawsuit as I am 
barely making ends meet as it is. I hope you enjoy the story and as a 
side note, This story takes place using the OVA characters
Tenchi Muyo: No need to be a Ghost, The Death of Tenchi
Things at the Masaki house had been close to normal after the Emperor 
and his two wives left. Ayeka and Ryoko still got into fights over 
Tenchi while Sasami, Mihoshi and Washu tried to stop them, 
occasionally. But with these two sometimes they just had a strong urge 
to fight no matter what happened. As with all the mornings before 
Tenchi awoke to find a pair of golden eyes watching him, which scared 
him at first, but he was not as upset as he normally was.
"Ryoko, why..." he thought about his words and remembered how he had 
asked her that same question over and over again and the answer is 
always the same. She is worried about him and wants to make sure he is 
safe. He let out a sigh and changed his question for once. "Why, don't 
you try just sitting in my chair instead?"
Caught by surprise at his change in questions she tried to think of an 
answer, but couldn't. She looked into his brown eyes and could see 
concern and something else. He broke the silence as he asked her; "may 
I get up now?"
She blushed and let him up and for some reason she did not feel the 
need to throw herself on him this morning; perhaps she was still 
surprised at what he said? As she sat on the edge of his bead her mind 
still thinking about his question, not so much the answer, but why did 
he change it and why was he giving her permission?
Looking up she saw that he was already dressed and was now in front of 
her holding out a hand, "Ryoko, it's time for breakfast, let's got 
eat."
Blushing again she took his hand as he helped her up, thoughts invaded 
his mind saying that, "this was a nice quiet morning and I could get 
used to this." Inwardly his mind screamed, "What! What do you mean get 
used to it?" Trying hard he shrugged off the thoughts and let go of her 
hand as they exited his room. But the tranquil moment of peace was then 
shattered.
"RYOKO! What do you think that you're doing in Lord Tenchi's room you 
demon!"
It took her a minute to realize that Ayeka had said something for she 
was still lost in this morning's peace. When she did look up and saw 
Ayeka and how upset she was Ryoko just laughed and started the normal 
routine. "Oh come off it princess, we were just having a little fun." 
To show off she grabbed Tenchi's arm and placed her head against his 
shoulder. "Last night was wonderful Tenchi!" Even Tenchi was shocked at 
the innuendo but he did not jump as he normally would.
"You demon get your filthy hands off him or I am warning you!" She was 
starting to loose control of herself at the mere thought of Ryoko and 
Tenchi together.
Ayeka was about to act when Tenchi moved between them. "Stop this right 
now!" Both looked at him with a sad look. "Look nothing happened last 
night and all we did this morning was talk!" Tenchi was starting to 
show signs that he was both upset and disappointed. The constant 
fighting was wearing him out. He turned to Ryoko, "look, nothing 
happened last night. So please, please, for me... Stop making those 
comments, ok?"
Ryoko looked into his eyes and she at first thought he was scolding 
her, but in his eyes there was something else, he was pleading with 
her. Letting go of his arm she did the one thing that stunned both 
Tenchi and Ayeka; "I'm sorry, nothing happened, I was... just playing." 
She was about to teleport away when she noticed he had hold of her arm 
now. Not wrapped around it, he just was holding her arm in one hand.
Tenchi held her there hoping she would not go away, even though she 
could teleport away he tried to keep her from doing so. He put his 
other hand on Ayeka's arm. "Ayeka, please, stop jumping to conclusions. 
I just want one morning of peace, please?" He wanted to say more to 
her, but if he corrected her too much he knew that she would feel as 
though she was not acting like a princess should.
She looked at the floor then at him and said to them both, "I am sorry 
for jumping to conclusions," she had seen in his eyes that he was hurt 
over what she had said and did so she also added, "I am sorry for 
calling you that Ryoko."
Tenchi smiled as she apologized to them both. Ryoko who was speechless 
as he turned back to look at her again. He gave Ryoko another smile 
before letting go of both of them before proceeding downstairs to 
breakfast. The rest of the day went by with out a problem. There were 
no fights and no new holes in the house that needed to be patched. The 
evening meal was even quiet.
When Tenchi turned in for the night he knew Ryoko would be there sooner 
or later so he pulled a chair up close to the bed and placed a blanket 
on it for her. He let out a sigh as he thought about waking up to see 
her. The first few times it happened he screamed and tried to run out. 
Looking back that was possibly not the best thing to do, as she had not 
tried anything.
Shortly after he laid down for bed he could smell Ryoko's perfume as 
she entered, so he kept his eyes shut as if expecting her to start 
hovering over him any minute. Instead he heard the sound or cloth 
rustling and the familiar creak of the chair. Smiling inwardly he knew 
that she was there and sitting in the chair. He drifted off to sleep as 
he listened to the soft sounds of her breathing.
When he awoke the next morning he turned over to see Ryoko still in the 
chair, but this time asleep. His mind tried to tell him to run as this 
could only lead to trouble, but seeing how peaceful she was just 
sitting there he could not help but smile. He got up and changed 
clothes as she slept, but he kept an eye on her in case she was 
pretending. When it was obvious that she was really asleep and not 
waking up any time soon he pulled back the covers on his bead and laid 
her in them.
On contact she seamed to relax even more as she smiled and continued to 
dream. He sat in the chair for a moment watching her before he left. He 
joined the others downstairs for breakfast before heading out for his 
daily chores. When Ryoko did wake up she did so slowly. First her eyes 
fluttered open as she stared at the ceiling. Thoughts of last night 
were in her mind, she had entered his room again and was about to start 
her nightly ritual when she noticed the chair and the blanket.
Upon seeing those she knew that he had set them up for her and she was 
expected. A smile crept across her face as she took the place reserved 
for her at his side. After hours of watching him she too drifted off to 
sleep. But something was different now, her legs were not bent, and 
neither was her body. Jumping up she looked down to see that she had 
been in his bed. Fear gripped her at the realization that she had been 
sleeping there and if he knew he would be furious!
But he was missing, so she started looking around and found the clock. 
According to the time he should have woke up hours ago. She tried hard 
to remember what happened, last night. The last thing she remembered 
was falling asleep in the chair, but how did she end up in his bed?
Phasing through the floor she went into the kitchen to find Sasami 
almost finished with cleaning up after this morning breakfast. "Good 
morning Ryoko!" The little girl was smiling and happy as ever.
"Um, morning Sasami, um, do you know where Tenchi is?" Ryoko was 
nervous for once but the girl started to snicker, then finally laughed 
out loud. "What's so funny?"
"I'm sorry Ryoko, but Tenchi thought you might ask about him after you 
missed breakfast." The girl laughed as Ryoko looked puzzled, "but he 
had me save some breakfast for you." Sasami then pulled out a tray from 
the refrigerator and gave it to Ryoko for breakfast. "Oh and Tenchi is 
training, before he goes into the field this morning."
Ryoko thanked her then had her breakfast. After eating she asked Sasami 
to show her how to clean up the dishes. Upon hearing the request Sasami 
was not sure what to make of it, but decided to go ahead and show her. 
Ryoko then helped her finish cleaning up the dishes and even put them 
away. With that chore done she headed out to the field. Ayeka had seen 
her fly towards the field and curiosity swept over her as she followed 
Ryoko. When she got there Ryoko was already near Tenchi talking, so she 
slowly crept towards them.
Ryoko had found Tenchi and landed near him, and for once she did not 
immediately try to grope on him, which surprised him a little. "Tenchi, 
um what happened last night?"
"What do you mean Ryoko?"
"Well, I was sitting in your chair and when I woke up this morning I 
was in your bed? Did we do, well, I mean did I do anything..." She 
desperately tried to find a way to ask him what happened when a shout 
rang out. Ayeka had been there and had heard Ryoko say that she was in 
Tenchi's bed.
"Ryoko! Of all the things! After Lord Tenchi was so kind to you this is 
how you replay him by seducing him in his sleep!" She had already 
forgot how he had asked her to not jump to conclusions. "I should have 
expected this from you, demon, you witch! You are nothing but a harlot 
who seeks to defile men!"
Ayeka had seen how Tenchi stood up for her the other day and had seen 
the smile he gave Ryoko but she refused to do anything about it, but it 
was painfully obvious that this vile creature would never change and 
she repaid his kindness with her lecherous activities. Ryoko was 
visibly hurt, and was about to cry when her battle mode took over.
Ryoko jumped back as she phased into her battle suit. Tenchi had seen 
the confusion in Ryoko's eyes as she was unaware of what he had done 
and now they were fighting again. Both girls powered up and with anger, 
resentment, and even bitterness in both their minds they let out a 
massive attack on one another. Tenchi though had jumped between them to 
calm them down but they only saw each other so when the blast came he 
had no where to go.
When the two blasts met with Tenchi in the middle of a blinding flash 
accompanied with a thunderous boom. Dirt and carrots flew about as the 
ground shook from the impact. Everyone from his grandfather in the 
shrine to Sasami and Mihoshi in the house felt the resulting quake. 
Washu had been in her lab studying some experiments when a few alarms 
went off and she saw the readouts of the quake. She easily found the 
source as her monitor showed Ryoko and Ayeka standing white faced in 
front of each other.
They were looking at something and soon Washu saw it too. Tenchi was 
there between them now on the ground, his body charred and smoldering. 
Ayeka hit her knees as she looked at Tenchi. Ryoko screamed at the top 
of her lungs, "NO!" Her voice was full of anguish and pain.
Washu created a portal right to that spot and went there as fast as 
possible. She took some of his life signs and then pulled him back into 
her lab followed by a distraught Ayeka and a crying Ryoko.
