     No Need For A Brother  Chapter 1: Unexpected Visitor


        So I Don't Lose My House: The characters in this story are great
but, except for one, are not mine. They belong to Pioneer and the
almighty
Masaki Kajishima! Don't thank me for this situation, thank him. If you
thank me,
I'll lose every last penny. (WHICH IS'T A LOT!!!)

      The story begins on a day that we would think as screwed up, but
the Masaki
family is just having a normal day.
        "WASHU, what is that thing! Get it out!!!" screams Tenchi. A
gooey mold
creeps across Tenchi's floor.
             "Sorry Tenchi, but it got away." yells back the little
genius.
        "Just get it right..." Tenchi says before he notices the head
sticking out of
his door. "Ummm. Yes Ryoko, do you want something." Ryoko's face had a
very grim
expression.
        "Shut Up! You're waking everybody up! It's 4:00! SHUT UP!"
        Tenchi was stunned for a moment, then picked up the slime and
threw it at
the door. Now it was Ryoko's turn to be speechless. So, she went back to
her room.
But, a half hour later....
        BOOM!!! "Washu! You at it again!" screamed the jurian princess.
        "It wasn't me. Look outside!" exclaimed Washu. Tenchi looked out
his
window to see a giant wave of water collide to the ground and half of a
ship
sticking out of the water. "Not another one!" exclaimed Tenchi.
        Everyone, except for Myhoshi and Keona who were patrolling,
rushed outside to see the
piolet of the crashing ship. When looking to see another girl in some
shape or from, a man
stepped out looking like a copy of tenchi. Tenchi looked relieved not to
see a girl but also
puzzled by the mans appearance. Then the stranger asked,"Can anyone one
of you tell me where
I could find Yosho?" Just then, Ayeka noticed three triangles arranged
exactly like Tenchi's.
        Ayeka then asked,"Are you a descendant of the royal family of
Jurai?" Everyone now saw
the triangles, perfectly green.
        "And if I am?" he answered.
        "Then I must ask your name sir."
        "My name is Byron. I'm the grandson of the great Yosho." said
Byron.
        "This is impossible!  was only second in fighting to Yosho.Who is
my brother."
        "That's right! If you were Yosho's grandson, you'd be my
brother!" said Tenchi.
        " If you are Tenchi Masaki, then I have finished my search."
replied.
        "I am."
        "And you are Lady Ayeka."
        "That's right!"
        "So, were is Yosho?"
        "He'll be back shortly. Then I'll know what's going on." said
Tenchi.
        "While inside, I must talk to Ms.Ayeka. Jurai is in bad shape."
        "WHAT!!!!!" yelled Sasmi and Ayeka. They rushed inside and Ayeka,
followed by Sasami, sat down with Byron. But, none of them seemed to
notice Ryoko's look on her face.
        "Now listen closely, I am looking for Yosho because Jurai is
losing a war. If your wandering why you were not told, we thought
defeating this race would be easy. Unfortunately, even I need help. So, I
searched for Yosho. After five days, I have found my half-brother and
his... guests." said Byron as he finally noticed Ryoko. "How did you guys
come together anyway. Wait, that might be long, forget it."
        "So, Jurai is in a war and needs my brothers help." thought
Ayeka.
        "That's 'bought it. So, as soon as Yosho gets here, were going to
Jurai."
        "Wait a minute! You come here asking for grandpa, tell me I'm
your brother, and now your just leaving! This isn't a gas station! I need
to at least know who you are, if you're who you claim to be." yelled
Tenchi.
        "What is there you need to know?" replied Byron. Ryoko turned
fully around to fully see her love, Tenchi, and his even better looking
resemblance, Byron. This was starting to turn out to be a weird day, even
for the Masaki family!

                        Next Time!
                Chapter 2:Hello Grandpa!