Disclaimer: I do not own the characters, Pioneer and AIC do. I have 
just used them in a story that I would love to see happen. I am not 
doing this for money, and definitely not looking for a lawsuit as I am 
barely making ends meet as it is. I hope you enjoy the story and as a 
side note, This story takes place using the OVA characters
Tenchi Muyo: No need to be a Ghost, Declared Dead to Jurai
Ryoko then turned to her mother, "how soon do you think you can have 
his body ready?"
"If all goes well in a week or two. But you must understand I can only 
do a little at a time, if I leave him outside the stasis for too long 
it can cause permanent damage to his body." Ryoko thought about it and 
thought that it would be good to take it slow no matter how much she 
wanted to hold him again, this time with her real arms.
As Washu began reconstruction on Tenchi's body Ryoko went back to a bed 
so that she could at least talk to him again in her astral form. In 
that form only she could see and talk to him which made her feel 
special. She spent as much time as possible with him. In this form she 
spent hours on end talking to him and just enjoying his presence. It 
was during this time that others began to notice that she was changing. 
It was easy to tell that this uninterrupted closeness with him was 
changing her dramatically.
Ayeka had approached Washu concerned about them, but she was not sure 
how to bring up the question that was buried in her mind. Washu though 
could tell something was bothering the princess but was unable to voice 
it so Washu told her, "If you are worried about Ryoko and Tenchi doing 
something when no one can stop them you can put your mind at ease. In 
their astral forms they have no genitalia." Ayeka looked confused till 
Washu bowed her head and said again, "they don't have, well." She 
thought of a polite way then said to her. "Look, in his astral form he 
does not have the equipment nor does she to engage in any sexual 
activities." She seamed relieved and shocked at herself that she would 
even think of that right now.
Even without a body Tenchi was able to get Ryoko to change. No one was 
sure how he did it, but Tenchi had convinced Ryoko to go out to the 
carrot field and as he held her gem he instructed her how to pull the 
carrots which she did, and even enjoyed doing. Ryo-Ohki liked the fact 
that she still had someone to get carrots for her.
Tenchi's body was still several days away from being ready when they 
received a surprise visit from the Emperor and his two wives. Washu had 
been so busy working trying to restore his body that she had completely 
missed their approach. As the ship descended the sound of the craft was 
unmistakable. So Sasami and Ayeka rushed out to the dock to greet them. 
Ryoko stayed in the lab with Washu and Tenchi, while Noboyuki was at 
work. When Tenchi's grandfather herd it he left his shrine to greet 
them.
Just as soon as Lady Misaki was on the ground she was hugging Ayeka and 
Sasami like she had not seen them in years. Their father just remained 
silent as the display continued. Lady Funaho left them after saying her 
hello's to visit Yosho. No one was quite sure how to tell the Emperor 
and his wives what had happened to Tenchi.
However, the Emperor did not allow them time to think long enough about 
what to say. "Where is this boy? That Tenchi, that has corrupted you 
two?"
Ayeka spoke first, "He has not corrupted us."
"Where is he?" He gave her a look that made her step back.
Sasami jumped in "He's, he's um... "
"Well? Where is he? And what could be more important that greeting us?" 
He was as angry with him for not being here just as he was angry that 
he existed in the first place.
While Ayeka and Sasami tried to think of an excuse it was Katsuhito 
that provided it. "Father, if you must know we had his funeral the 
other day." All eyes turned to him. "It seams as though he met with an 
unfortunate accident and by the time any of us got to him it was to 
late. Washu tried what she could but if you would like I can take you 
to his grave."
Azusa turned to Ayeka, "Is this true? Is he indeed dead?"
Ayeka looked down and thought about it, and she then looked up, "yes 
father. His grave lies beside that of his mother." Ayeka knew it was 
not wholly the truth as they were indeed going to bury him there when 
it was discovered that he was alive.
He looked at her suspiciously but they took him to go see the grave. 
The hole was now covered in and covered with flowers. The Emperor at 
first did not believe it, but he accepted it. Upon returning to the 
house the Emperor made another announcement. "Ayeka, Sasami. Since this 
boy is now gone there is no reason for you to stay here. I would like 
for you to accompany us back to Jurai."
Both looked saddened and could not think of a way out of this. Azusa 
turned to Yosho, "Funaho tells me that you would prefer to die here 
than return to Jurai, is that true?"
He looked at this father in the eyes, "my wife, and my daughter are 
buried here. They were the most important things to me and now with 
this addition I cannot leave them. I will spend the rest of my life 
here with them."
A moment of compassion crossed the Emperors' face as he heard his son's 
plea to remain. After a stern look from Funaho and Misaki he relented. 
At least that boy would not get his throne. "Very well, you may stay 
here. But Ayeka and Sasami are to return with us."
The girls looked down, as they could not think of a reason to stay. 
They knew their father did not like Tenchi and they did not want to 
tell him what had really happened. If they did then Yosho would be 
guilty of lying directly to the Emperor. Just when they thought that 
they were doomed another voice spoke up.
"Ayeka, what about Ryo-Oul?" Ayeka looked over at Funaho and remembered 
that he was just a sapling. She said a silent thank you to her for 
bringing that up.
"Ryo-Oul is currently a sapling and cannot be moved yet. Since we were 
joined I need to be here because of our bond." It was definitely a long 
shot but it was true, she had to stay here with Ryo-Oul. Sasami was a 
different story completely. But it was Lady Misaki that took care of 
that detail.
"My Sasami! You have not been away from your sister before so I am not 
going to separate you now when she has lost both her ship and Tenchi." 
Sasami and Ayeka looked at her with huge grins and after one final 
large hug of everyone present the three nobles returned to their ship.
Katsuhito shooed the girls inside quickly. Once inside he told them, 
"Lady Funaho knows that Tenchi may still live. But she will not say 
anything about it." The two princesses' were surprised to say the 
least. "We have bought you some time, but unfortunately they will be 
back for you. It is up to you to decide your fates." With that he 
turned and headed for the door again.
"Brother! Were you serious? Do you plan to die here?" Ayeka was on the 
brink of tears as she asked him this.
As he opened the door he replied, "Yes. Yes Ayeka, I do plan to stay 
here and be buried next to my family. One day you too will understand 
what I feel." He walked out the door and returned to his shrine.
Ayeka and Sasami returned to the Lab where they informed Washu and 
Ryoko about what had happened. Both were not very surprised to find 
that no one inquired about them, but then again the Juraian's had never 
liked Ryoko or Washu very much. All four of them were relieved also 
when there was no threat made against Ryoko or Washu. After a while of 
talking they turned their attention to Tenchi.
He had been there beside Ryoko as the princesses' told them about what 
had just happened. He was surprised when his grandfather had covered 
for them all and also relieved him of the duty of his title. But Tenchi 
had changed some in the past few days and he cautioned Ryoko to not let 
up her guard until they were all sure that the Juraian's had left the 
system completely. He also let out a sigh of relief that Mihoshi had 
not been near; otherwise she may have blown the whole thing.
That night he held Ryoko in his bed again till she went to sleep then 
he sat in the middle of the room to sort out his thoughts. As he 
thought he began to contemplate the future. He was technically free 
now, he was considered dead and he would never have to go to Jurai. It 
seamed to be an unspoken wish of his to remain here, to remain a simple 
shrine priest and gardener. But what about his feeling for Ayeka? He 
did care for her, but it did not go beyond family.
With his death then she would have to return to Jurai with Sasami, or 
return as a bride. Even though he knew she would be a lovely bride he 
just could not see himself as the groom. As for Sasami, she was 
wonderful to have around. She could cook the best meals and for being a 
princess she loved to get her hands dirty. Knowing that she will look 
like Tsunami did not affect him at all, as he knew that she had a 
bigger destiny than he thought he had. Opening his eyes he looked at 
Ryoko.
Allowing a smile on his face he contemplated her and her past. Ryoko 
the Demon Caller, or Ryoko the Space Pirate. Either way he knew that 
neither was by her choosing. Never in her past had she been given a 
chance to choose what she wanted to be. She had never been given the 
chance just to live. And yet the first thing she did by her choosing 
was to play with him as a child. He had heard her talk about it the 
other day.
She did not have to do that for me, but she chose to be there. When he 
was a child it was her that made him feel safe by the cave. It had been 
her that played with him, and it was her again that tried to comfort 
him after his grandma had died. And now, now she was still with him and 
he knew that is all she wanted. If his peaceful life here free of Jurai 
was to be complete he knew that she would make it that way.
