Doug Tarbox

d_tarbox@yahoo.com

Disclaimer:The original story and characters of Tenchi Muyo belong to
Pioneer LCD and AIC. and VIZ COMICS. This fan fiction is not for gaining me
a profit, as if I could be that lucky. However this story and the new
characters introduced are mine.

                       NO NEED FOR THE GAMES GODS PLAY

                            CHAPTER 2:SETTLING IN

The buzzing of the alarm clock ripped me from sleeps blissful embrace,with a
groan I swatted it off the night stand,but at least it stopped. I would have
rather slept in late since it was Saturday,but I needed to get back into my
morning routine so I swung myself out of bed. Opening the footlocker at the
foot of my bed,the one I left locked,I pulled out some clothes and a long
cloth wrapped object along with a extra towel and sneakers. It was still
dark outside and the house was quiet as I made my way down the
staircase,when the sound of snoring stopped me in my tracks. I followed the
noise to it’s source,the dark form of someone laying atop one of the
crossbeams above the living room. (That’s an odd place to crash!!....Wait?
That sound’s like...oh great!..she’s the last person I want to wake
up!)Endeavoring to be even more silent I continued to the bottom of the
stairs then tip toed across the room and out the sliding glass doors,making
sure I didn’t wake Ryoko up from her sleep. Perhaps a minute later the door
underneath the staircase opened to reveal a yawning Washu standing there in
her red,crab pajamas. Wiping sleep from her eyes she glanced around for
their guest"What is he doing up at this hour?"she had set up her sensor
network to alert her if he woke before anyone else did,but now he was
nowhere in sight. Calling up her holographic computer interface she replayed
the last part,she looked toward the glassdoors then decided against that,too
obvious,so she headed into the kitchen. Once inside she moved over to the
window facing the lake and looked out "Sooo...that’s what your up to.".
There he was out on the landing exercising in a sweat suit with US ARMY
emblazoned across the front and back and a towel around his neck. She
considered going back to bed (Nope! I’ll never get back to sleep anyway!),so
instead she grabbed a pot and moved over to the stove (Might as well have
some tea while I enjoy the show.). Ryoko woke to the sound of a tea kettle
going off in the kitchen,(Who the hell is up this early on a weekend?) she
wondered as she stretched out along the beam like a cat. Back in the kitchen
Washu felt her daughter awaken in the other room so it came as no great
surprise when she materialized behind her "You know your not supposed to be
doing that in or around the house?". The former pirate responded with a rude
gesture,with a feigned look of reproach Washu turned to face her "Now you
should be more respectful of your Mommy Little Ryoko!"she admonished.
Rolling her eyes in disgust Ryoko spat back "Just cut the MOMMY crap would
you pip squeck?",the smaller woman turned back toward to the window before
she had a chance to see the flash of anguish across her face (DAMN
IT!!!!!.....Why does it always have to be like this???? Is she ever going to
give me a chance?).There was a moment of awkward silence then Ryoko moved
next to her and was about to ask her what she was looking at when Washu cut
her off by handing her a cup of tea "Oh!!..Thanks!.....What ‘s got you up
this early?". Washu pointed out the widow and she followed her finger with
her eyes. I had always hated regular calisthenics in school and the Army
hadn’t done anything to cure that so I was glad to be done with my last set
of jumping jacks (Now I can do something I do enjoy!). Pulling off the towel
I wiped the sweat from my face,then setting it down I fell into my combat
stance centering my mind . I started out with a rapid flurry of punches as I
began to move around the landing facing an imaginary enemy. Finishing with a
series of spinkicks I returned to where my stuff was and kneeling down with
a grin unwrapped my second most prized possession. Standing back up the
morning air sang with the clear ring of drawn steel as I pulled the blade
free from the scabbard and watched the first rays of dawn dance upon it.
Resuming my stance with the sword in a two-handed grip I relished the
perfect heft of the blade (It never ceases to amaze me how I never felt more
complete than when I wield you!). Back in the house the two women watched as
he began to swing the heavy,double-bladed sword slowly at first than faster
as the patterns drew more complex. "Hmm? Now that’s intresting,can’t say I’m
familiar with the technique."Washu commented,shrugging Ryoko replied "Me
neither guess it’s some Earth style probably." mentally she added this to
her sure to grow list of things she didn’t like about this guy (There is
definitely something odd about this guy,and I’m going to find out what!).
Twenty minutes later he had put away the sword and began to run laps around
the lake,when Sasami stepped into the kitchen tying on her apron. Seeing the
two of them "Oh? Good morning you two,aren’t you up awful early?" "Meow?"
the little cabbit added from her shoulder. Smiling at the young princess
Washu waved towards the lake "It would seem that our new resident is a early
riser himself,we were just watching him work out.",blinking in surprise
"Well then I’d better get breakfast started,he’ll probably be hungry. Hey
Ryoko? Could you wake up the others for me?". "Sure Sasami,no sweat!"the
demoness replied and headed out thru the door,neither Sasami or Washu saw
the wicked smile on her lips (I know who I’m waking up first! Here I come
Tenchi!). I was coming around on my third lap when I heard Tenchi’s startled
scream "RYOKO!!!!..How many times do I have to tell you to stop sneaking
into my room like that??"shaking my head in amusement I continued my run.
Two laps later I noticed Sasami’s head racing around the kitchen (Breakfast
must be on,better pack it in for today.)and I returned to the landing.
Taking a couple minutes for some cool down exercises first I gathered up my
things and started towards the house when I saw that I had company.
"Goodmorning Katsuhito!"I said as the old priest walked up from the path to
the shrine,"Yes,a very fine morning indeed. I hope you don’t mind I was
watching you practice . You never mentioned you were trained with the
sword."he said then holding out his hand "May I?",understanding his request
I held the hilt out to him. Taking hold of the black leather grip he drew
the blade and examined it with a professional eye. The broad blade bore the
distinctive look of Damascus steel upon which was etched near the tip a
firebird leaving a trail of flames along the length of the spine. The
crossguards looked to be made of bronze and were fashioned into a pair or
curving hawks wings ,plucking a long gray hair he dropped it on the blade
and whistled as it was cut in half seemingly without any resistance. I
stepped back allowing him some room and he took a few experimental swings to
get a feel for the weight and balance,it was about then I noticed we had
company. Tenchi and Washu walked towards us from the house,both eyeing the
sword in his hand. "Where’d you get that Grampa?" Tenchi asked,"Actualy that
little,beauty belongs to your truly Tenchi!" I spoke up as Katsuhito handed
it back to me. "What kind of sword is that,if I may ask?" Washu asked moving
up along side of me to get a closer look,before I sheathed it "It’s called a
bastard sword or a hand-and-a-half sword depends on who you ask,it was
called both. Anyhoot it’s a Western European blade from the Middle Ages." I
had to smile at her interest (Well what do you know? A pretty girl who’,
interested in swords,too bad she’s jailbait back home! Well at least outside
of West Virginia!),while Tenchi examined the scabbard "Wow! I didn’t know
you were into sword craft.". Gramps "Yes! However that’s not the kind of
sword I’d expect to see someone practicing Aikijutsu with.",Washu "What is
that Katsuhito?"asking as the term was unfamiliar to her,however it was
Tenchi who answered her first. "I remember! That’s the original style that
Aikido is based on.",grinning I threw him a thumbs up "Correct! I also
studied that and Kendo,of course with the katana and bokken." I noted both
him and his Grandfather seemed pleased to hear that,Washu "So why are you
practicing Eastern sword styles with a medieval European sword?"but before I
could answer her Ayeka stuck her head out the door"Everybody! Breackfast is
ready!". Hearing that started my stomach growling loud enough for the others
to hear and Gramps suggested he go in before I strave from the sound of it.
"To answer your question walking back inside "I read somewhere a while back
that you should practice with the heaviest blade you can comfortably wield.
Of course I’ve always been interested in swords so I got into kendo at an
early age."then heading towards the steps"Folks,I’m going to get cleaned
up,be back in a jiffy!". Climbing the stairs the little red-head was right
beside me "So where did you get yours,that doesn’t look like it came out of
a mail order catalogue?","When I was stationed in Germany me and some
friends took a trip to Milan,Spain on leave. While I was there I found this
small shop run by a genuine swordsmith,I was checking out the swords on the
wall and this one just kinda leaped out at me. None of the others felt as
right as this one did,so I blew a months salary and bought it.". We reached
my room and I went in stowing my sword back in my locker and grabbing my
shower kit and some clean clothes. Washu stood in the doorway watching him
as he bent over locker rummaging around with a very unchild like expression
on her face. (It’s really too bad!) she thought fantasizing idly about
having him in her lab for a little Research very evil glint in her eyes. She
banished both when he got back up and turned toward the door, (Oh? She’s
still here!) I noted looking at the doorway. I walked out into the hall and
made my way to the bathroom, glancing back sure enough there she was right
behind me. Reaching my destination I slid open the door,turned around
bending down so that I was eye level with her "Yes Little Washu?" I asked
pleasantly. The little imp just smiled back innocently "I just thought I’d
see if ....oh!....if you needed any help? Hee!..Hee!". (MY! We are a
foreword one aren’t we?) stepping back into the bathroom I half closed the
door a kind of guarded smile on my lips "Not till after our first date
Sugar!" then closed the door the rest of the way, letting out a sigh of
bemused relief. Outside Washu leaned her back against the door, chewing her
thumb as she pouted "Mean Thing!", after a minute she walked away down the
hall. When she got to the stairs she thought over what he had said and that
naughty look returned her eye "Not till after eh?".

The weekend went by pretty well in Tenchi’s opinion, he had shown Doug
around the house and the shrine and the fields and had been pleasantly
surprised when he had offered to help out with the chores (That’ll pick up a
lot of Ryoko’s slack!). He had even offered to work the fields as well,
seems he wasn’t a stranger to farm work, he had said it couldn’t be to
different from picking beans or tobacco like back on his Grandparent’s farm.
All in all the first few days had seen the house a lot calmer than normal
and everyone seemed to be getting along with the new guest, almost! Ryoko
had taken an immediate dislike to him, but at least he didn’t appear to be
taking it personally. He actually told Tenchi he considered it a challenge
now to get a sketch of her since she actively was avoiding him, a couple of
times already he had seen Doug drawing her when she wasn’t aware he was
nearby. Problems however had stared Sunday night with Ayeka. He had been
sitting in the den with both Ayeka and Ryoko watching TV when from upstairs
they heard "MIYAAOOWW!!!","AAAARRRGGGHHH!!!!!"followed by the sound of a
body rolling down the steps and Doug tumbled down the staircase and out onto
the floor in a groaning heap. The three were up in a flash rushing over to
see if he was all right, but he already had started to get up "GODDAMN IT!!
SONOVA BITCH<#####<*********". The girls slid to a halt as he launched into
a fit of swearing in at least three major languages that threatened to peel
the paint off the walls. Ayeka paled eyes widened in shock as he continued
to curse even as Tenchi helped him up. Ryoko on the other hand had stopped
because she remembered she didn’t like him and besides he looked really
funny like that. However as he flew into his rant she found herself somewhat
impressed by his rather extensive and novel supply of expletives (GEEZ!! And
Washu and Ayeka say I’ve got a gutter mouth!) and actually felt a twinge of
grudging respect for him. Of course the reaction he was getting from the
Princess could only win points with her. Tenchi "Man! Are you all right?
That was a hell off a fall!", holding the side of my head "Yeah sure! I LOVE
to take a dive down three flights of stairs all the time!" I then spied
Ayeka behind him "What’s the matter with you?" confused at the sight of her
seemingly on the edge of a stroke. After a sec she found her tongue even as
her nose went for the sky, Ryoko (Oppss!! She’s in PRINCESS MODE!). "I’ve
NEVER heard such FOUL LANGUAGE used in my presence!!"she sniffed then
pointing at the other girl "Not even this ingrate has said such things and I
believed her the most vulgar creature I know and here I had mistaken you for
a gentleman!". I stood there starring for a moment "You understood that?"...
I didn’t know of you could speak English.....how much of that did you
understand?" glancing sideways at Tenchi who was nervously scratching his
head "Aha!..ha!!..I guess we should have told you we all can speak ENGLISH."
both girls blinked in understanding at his not too subtle attempt to cover
their gaff. Digesting that little tidbit of info I looked apologetically at
Ayeka "Gee!! Well in that case I’m sorry, if I’d known I would have kept a
muzzle on it." that however failed to mollify her Highness "That is no
excuse for behaving like a lowly Barbarian!". Ryoko stepped back smirking to
herself as Doug’s eyes narrowed in annoyance at the Princess (My seems
you’ve gotten his dander up Ayeka! This just might get interesting after
all.), too bad the other three girls walked in before things could develop,
much to her annoyance. Now it seemed to me that they had understood a tad
more than just the English part so I added that to my list of odd things I’d
noticed. Once things settled down we all started trying to decide what we
were going to do for the evening, whatever Tenchi and them had been watching
was over and nothing in the TV GUIDE interested any of us, and a idea
occurred to me since language was no problem. I asked if anyone was
interested in watching a movie I had brought with me and was soon racing
back from my room with my Director’s Cut of HIGHLANDER in hand. Everyone
wanted to check it out except of course Ayeka "A sci/fi, action movie? I
don’t think so."she sniffed turning towards the stairs. (Why you stuck up
little Bitch!) I thought "Come on Ayeka how do you know you won’t like it?"
I called after her "It’s got a pretty good romantic plot too!", ignoring me
she started up "Would you please get off your high horse before you get a
nosebleed?" my mocking tone snapped her around at last. Before she could
spit out whatever stinging reply she had Sasami darted foreword, grabbing
her arm "Come on Ayeka? It’ll be fun!" pleading while she pulled her older
sister to the nearest couch. The Crouch resisted for a minute, but in the
end Sasami’s enthusiasm won out "Oh all right Sasmi! BUT I am watching this
under protest."and she sat down. Ten minutes later you can’t watch a movie
without popcorn after all, everyone was seated and the lights were turned
off , Sean Connery’s rich voice filled the room. During the film I took the
occasional glance over at Ayeka, for someone who had intended to hate the
show from the start she got into it as quickly as the others even shedding a
tear with the others at the death of Conner’s first wife. It was a little
further in the movie, which I know line by line, that we were nearing a
particular part and I looked over at the 8 year old in our midst. "Hey
Sasami could you go get that other bowl of popcorn? We’re running low over
here." sitting next to me on the other couch Washu looked at the still full
bowl between us then at me and she started to say something "Shush! Trust me
on this?". Getting up the young girl walked towards the kitchen "Okay Doug!"
unaware as the rest that something was up. I waited till she reached the
door "Oh! I forgot could you get some butter for that while your in there
please?", she turned around "Yeah sure no problem! Come on Ryo-oh-ki!"the
little whatever it was raced after her like a shot and they disappeared
through the door. Just in time too as the love theme started so I sat back
to watch the others reactions. A few second’s passed then shocked gasps
erupted from around the room.

Tent "MY GOD!!...He just stabbed himself with that dagger!!"

Mihoshi "EEEEEEKKKKKKK!!!!!!"

Wash "Hell! After all that research you’d think she would have taken his
explanation at face value."

Ryoko confused "Why is that silly twit crying? It’s not like he’s going to
die."

Ayeka "She’s touching the wound."

Ryoko even more confused "I DON’T believe this! Is she getting turned ON??"

Mihoshi "Oh my God! Shouldn’t she be calling an ambulance?...I mean he just
like stuck a knife into his chest.....I don’t think kissing him is like an
appropriate response!"

Washu sarcastically "Talk about weird! I’ve heard of a woman a guy crawl an
extra mile for some play, but this...PLEEEEAASSSEE?"

The wide screen is now filled with the couple making love.

Mihoshi "Oh MY! They’re...they’re!" and Ryoko edged closer drooling
"Heh!heh!Heh!...Yeah! some action finally!". From my spot I heard Tenchi
admit a moan then begin to pass out, then he suddenly grabbed his nose and
and made a bee line for the bathroom. I sat there staring after him (Was his
nose bleeding?), shrugging "Guy needs more iron in his diet!" I observed
then got back to the movie and couldn’t help but notice that Ayeka was
watching the lovemaking as raptly as Ryoko was. It was about then when Washu
leaned up against me and whispered hotly into my ear "My....that does look
like fun doesn’t it?", my pulse doubled (What?) then I felt something else
warm on me and it was creeping across my lap towards.... In the kitchen
Sasami had just finished salting the popcorn and turned back towards the
door being careful not to jostle the cabbit atop her head. They reached the
door when a startled yelp form one of the guys echoed thru the air followed
by a crash and screams from the other girls. Pushing thru the door she
stopped surveying the scene before her "What’s going on? Did we miss
something?". I had landed behind the couch, she could see my feet sticking
up over the back, Washu lay across the couch laughing hard enough she was in
danger of rolling off onto the floor and there was popcorn over everything
and everyone. On the floor Ayeka was trying to wake up Mihoshi who had
fainted away at my scream, on the other couch Ryoko was doubled over with
her face buried into the arm the couch punching it as her body convulsed in
hysterical laughter. Lastly Tenchi ran back in at the sound of all the
commotion "What’s going on in here?". Two hours later the house was dark and
I was back in my room sitting in bed (Fantastic! I’ve got a teeny bopper
hitting on me!)thinking, of course the fact that she was hot looking for her
age and bright didn’t help. Figuring I would just have to wait till morning
to worry about it further I killed the light and lay down. I was almost
asleep when I heard it, The flick of the hallway light switch followed by a
muttered curse from the stair way. From the far end of the hall "You sneaky
Demon! How dare you try to slip into Lord Tenchi’s room again without
permission?", (Ayeka?). "Now, now Princess! I was just thought he might want
to reenact a couple of scenes from the movie that’s all." from the steps
(Ryoko?). Twisting my head I could see the light spilling out from under my
door, then I heard the sound of them walking down the hall towards one
another the verbal exchange growing even as I rolled out of bed. By the time
I pulled on my shirt it sounded like a scuffle had ensued so I walked over
to the door and slid it open. "I don’t believe this!" I muttered looking at
the scene in the hallway then an idea poped into my head "Ha! This is too
good an opportunity to waste." and I ducked back into the room. Tenchi woke
to that all too familiar ruckus outside of his door "Won’t those two ever
cut this out?" he moaned to himself getting out of bed. Reaching the door he
slid it open then stepped halfway into the hall (WHY do they have to carry
on like this? NOW of all times with a stranger in the house!) his temper
flaring. Whatever reprimand he had in mind died as he took in the sight
infront of him his eyes widening. Sure enough there was Ryoko and Ayeka
locked hand and hand straining against each other, their faces red from
exertion and both growling at the other. Both were in their bed clothes
which in Ryoko’s case left little to the imagination, but that wasn’t what
had him speechless it was what was beyond the two girls. There was Doug
sitting in a chair that he must have dragged out from his room, his eyes
darting from the battling harridans to his sketch book in hand and back as
he drew at a furious pace. Looking up I noted Tenchi’s appearance with the
goofiest look on his face, however it did add an interesting new element to
the scene and my smile grew "Hey! Don’t stop them on my account and come to
think of it stay right there?". He just let out a loud groan and hung his
head "GREAT!! That’s even better Dude!" I mummered concentrating on my work
unaware in her sub-space lab a certain red-head was wiping the tears from
her eyes and still giggling at the sight on her screen "Ha!Ha!
Ha!.....yessir this is going to be interesting having this guy around that’s
for sure!".

That ends Chapter 2 folks hoped you liked it. In the next part of the story
the Masaki’s and gang get to know their guest better and Doug gets beaten up
and kidnapped to boot. As always I welcome any and all input and or
suggestions just be gentle please?"
