Doug tarbox
d_tarbox@yahoo.com
Disclaimer:The original story and characters of Tenchi Muyo belong 
to Pioneer LCD and AIC. and VIZ COMICS. This fan fiction is not 
for gaining me a profit, as if I could be that lucky. However this 
story and the new characters introduced are mine.

NO NEED FOR THE GAMES GODS PLAY
CHAPTER 3 FRIENDS

Three weeks have passed since my arrival and I've settled into a 
comfortable routine with my hosts. My classes require me to go 
into the  city four days a week  for half a day, usualy I take the 
bus there and back except when Mihoshi does the grocery shoping 
then I get a lift back with her. Mihoshi's driving is 
well......she drives like she was flying a ground attack 
jet...while she's reading at the same time. Mom you'll be glad to 
know that I've gotten religion again, Lord knows (No pun 
intended!) I'm putting enough wear and tear on my rosary beads. 
Anyway I'm home about 1 PM and I spend the afternoons usualy under 
the skilled tutelage of my new Sensei, who I owe all my recent 
cooking successes to.  I still can't beleive how much these girls 
eat, they're like a platoon of grunts who have been out in the 
field for a month! I've quickly learned to double all portions 
whenever I cook. The first time I volunteered to make breakfast I 
made pancakes and just between Ryoko and Mihoshi they ate a two 
foot tall stack, which included my portion luckily I made more 
than enough eggs.  On my days and afternoons off I'm usually 
helping with the chores around the house and shrine or tending the 
fields with Tenchi. I try to squeze as much drawing time as I can, 
the country side, the girls, there is just too much to work with 
here. Working on the shrine has given me plenty of time to get to 
know Katsuhito a very wise man and a razor wit to be sure. He 
invited me to spar with Tenchi and himself and there was no way I 
could refuse. The Old Man is the best swordsman I've ever seen, 
though I think Tenchi has the potential to one day surpass 
him...someday. The first week I took a shalacking from both of 
them, their technique is nothing that I've ever seen and it's only 
in the last few days that I'm starting to hold my own against 
Tenchi, barely. There is no question that guy is good, but his 
confidence is a little iffy. Once he puts the self doubt away he's 
damn near unstoppable for me at least. Self confidence seems is my 
new freind's only real problem, especialy with the girls. It's 
obvious that Ayeka and Ryoko both have it for him bad, Mihoshi too 
though she's alot more laid back about it.  Sasami has a tad bit 
of a crush on him, though it seems more like he's her big brother 
and he doesn't mind it. Then there is Washu, who from what Sasami 
has told me was after him pretty hard too, now much to his relief 
and my dismay I've cought her eye. This really sucks!! Not because 
I don't like having a pretty girl hanging on me, but I'd be lucky 
if she's in junior high, the fact that I really like her only 
makes it worse. I've had to be constantly on guard against her 
passess, yet despite that she's fast becoming my best friend here 
with Sasami a close second. The one thing that bothers me is how 
kinda vague all of the girls have been ....no very vague about 
their families and backgrounds, well that and the fact none of 
them are attending school and only Mihoshi has a job. Not that I 
know what it is, the only thing I do know is that she take off 
every 7 to 9 days for the entire day. What really bothers me is 
the situation between Washu and Ryoko, I wish I knew what the deal 
was there cause they sure don't act like sisters. I've seen Washu 
try a number of times to reach out to Ryoko only to get slapped 
down. Honestly I don't think she even realizes how much she hurts 
Washu and that bothers me a lot. Ryoko!..Ryoko! She hasn't liked 
me from the getgo, did I make that much of an idiot out of myself 
the first day?" I've tried to break the ice a couple of times 
since then, but she just treats me like I'm hitting on her or 
trying to pull something over on her. She spends so much time and 
effort maintaining this Hard Ass persona of hers, I think I've 
spied the real her a couple of times. Ryoko only comes out from 
behind her mask when she's either alone or just with Sasami, 
usualy when she lets Sasami stay up late to watch monster movies 
without Ayeka knowing about it. I know she thinks that I'm spying 
on her, but I am an Artist and I want to get sketches of everyone. 
Well....maybe a few more of a couple of folks than the others and 
her efforts to avoid me only adds to the challenge! Ooppss! Got 
side tracked there , but she's a very gentle person inside I 
beleive, what I can't figure is why she hides it? In a lot of ways 
Ryoko is the loneliest person I know, outside of myself and of 
course her sister, maybe that explains why she's so determined in 
her pursuit of Tenchi. I guess I could ask Sasami after all she's 
the only person I think she opens up to not that Washu hasn't 
tried. There is something eating at Ryoko and Washu wants to 
help....Hell! She's almost desperate to help, but she won't let 
her get close. GOD!!!! This bites!!..I know I'm starting to like 
her too much inspite of the fact she hates me and I already like 
her sister too much as it is, but I can't help but want to help 
somehow. With a groan I set aside the pen and closed my pockey 
diary at the sound of someone knocking on my door "Come on in."The 
door opened "Doug come on we're going to be late for practice with 
Grandfather."Tenchi said entering the room with a pair of bokkens 
under his arm, when he saw me at my desk he broke into a smile 
"You didn't forget did you? Time for our daily beating!". Getting 
up I shoved the small book into my back pocket "Nope!" and walked 
over to him taking one of the bokkens "But you know Tenchi? You 
need to be more positive my friend, we might just hit the Old 
Geezer today!". Sadly this didn't turn out to be that day as 
Katsuhito beat us black and blue, but at least we were making him 
work a lot harder for it. Tenchi and I kept score based on who got 
nailed the least number of times in a session and for the first 
time we were tied. That was untill Gramps shattered my sword about 
two inches above my hands "SHIT!!!". Dropping the useless weapon I 
stepped into him as he launched a diagonal strike at me and I 
crossed my wrists into a X catching his forearm to block the blow. 
Even as I blocked I snapped a sidekick at him (Gotcha Old Man!!) 
only to have him headbutt me "CRACK", (Maybe not!). Next thing I 
know I'm flat on my back starring at the point of his bokken 
sticking in my face "Heh!heh!heh!..Not too shabby there Doug, 
you've improved a bit . But you need to work on your speed some 
more." Katsuhito observed chuckling before he helped my up. 
Tossing a glance at his grandson "Tenchi! Your turn again and I 
hope you were paying attention?". Tenchi gulped audibly at the 
wicked gleam in his eye then got up to take his place in the small 
clearing and fell into a guard position "Allright Grampa....I'm 
ready.". Backing away from them I noted we were down to only two 
bokkens and we had started with four (The Old Man is in rare form 
today!) "Hey you two? I'm going back to the shrine to get a couple 
more swords before I have to grab a tree limb!" I called out 
heading back into the woods. Katsuhito called back "You do 
remember where they are don't you?" and I waved my hand over my 
head at them "Sure! Be back in a bit." and kept walking as the 
sound of fighting erupted again "WHAP!! OUCHHH!!!", keeping my 
voice low "I guess we're tied again.". When I came back out of the 
shrine I spotted Mihoshi outside sweeping the grounds, deciding 
that Tenchi could survive a few more minutes on his own I wandered 
over to chat a little.  Mihoshi giggled "Well things have been 
much calmer since you came, Ayeka and Ryoko used to get into 
humongus fights all the time over Tenchi and everything."I just 
stood there nodding my head "Really now." trying to imagine those 
two being more openly competative. Anyway she told me all about 
the last time the two had squared off in graphic detail. 
Fortunately  Washu had spent a GREAT deal more time programming a 
certain Blonde's translator so neither of us was aware that as she 
told her story that chairs and lamps were replacing energy blasts 
and force shields. Still the censored version sounded like 
something from the set off Jerry Springer or Geraldo Riveria. She 
had just finished when I decided to have a little fun along with 
finding out somethings after all that was such a nice tank top she 
was wearing I might be in for a nice show. "That's amazing 
Mihoshi! It's hard to beleive they could get that violent, 
especialy Ayeka, she's always so refined acting. But let me ask 
you something...has Tenchi ever taken any of you girls out?". She 
thought it over "Oh no! I mean we go on picnics and of course 
there is the family trip to the Hot Springs.", holding up my hand 
"Are you telling me that with a house full of gorgeous women 
Tenchi hasn't asked one of you on a DATE?". Her face turned a tad 
red "You mean like on a real date......just one of us and him?", 
(My Lord did a light just come on in that dark house?). "Oh NO!! 
Nothing like that!" and she went into a full blush and started to 
fidget a little (Things are going as planned, Phase Two.) "Tell me 
would you like to have Tenchi ask you out on a date Mihoshi?". Her 
face turned even redder and she averted her eyes as she started to 
press the tips of her index fingers together "Would.....would I 
like Tenchi to..to..? Oh My Goodness!! I can't beleive you asked 
me this it's so......ooopppsss!!" she trailed off starring at 
something  over my shoulder. (CURSES!!!!!! Another second and she 
would have been bouncing out of that shirt!) I hardly finished 
that thought when suddenly I felt someone behind me, like right 
behind me close enough I could hear their breathing (What the 
HELL?? No one ever sneaks up that close to me!). Turning around I 
came face to face with a VERY angry Ryoko standing not two feet 
away (HOW THE HELL DID SHE DO THAT?????). "What the hell do you 
think your doing MISTER????" she demanded as she poked her finger 
painfully into my chest. Not wanting a confrontation right now I 
kept my voice calm "I'm just talking with Mihoshi.". Ryoko wasn't 
buying it "Baloney!!..I know what your up to ...trying to throw 
this lint, brained, blonde bimbo at MY TENCHI!! I'm not blind or 
stupid and don't think that I haven't seen you following me around 
either you little HENTIA CREEP!!" the girl screamed in my face 
loud enough for the decibel level to make close my eyes in pain. 
(This day just keeps getting better and better!) "Listen I'm sorry 
if I've offended you in any way Ryoko, I promise you it won't 
happen again. BUT!! What and who I talk to is my business and not 
yours Thank YOU."and I spun around back to Mihoshi who hadn't 
uttered a single word. Ryoko looked like she was going to explode 
(Who does this guy think he is? NOBODY TURNS THEIR BACK ON 
ME!!!!") she reached for his shoulder to spin him around  when she 
spotted something (What's this?). I felt it get yanked out of my 
pocket and cursed mentaly (Damn it! I'm not in the mood for this 
crap.) I spun around only to find Ryoko holding my book, what 
raised an eyebrow was the fact she was now at least twelve feet 
back and I had't heard her move, but then I had heard an odd noise 
that I had never heard before. Holding it out infront of herself 
Ryoko grinned wickidly "Well! Well! What do we have here?". 
Resting the bokkens on my right shoulder I tried to stay calm 
"That's my diary Ryoko! Could I please have it back?", her grin 
grew as did the malice in her eyes. "A diary? Now I wonder what 
kind of nasty secrets you've got in here?" it wasn't hard to see 
where she was going so I asked her again still polite. To 
Mihoshi's credit she actualy figured out this little incident was 
not heading in a pleasant direction "Oh My goodness! Don't fight 
you two! Ryoko diaries are like really private, personal stuff. 
You shouldn't be messing with that, please give it back?" she 
implored. The Demoness ignored her and flipped open the book 
(Washu said these things had an optical reader.) looking to see 
what what he had written about them, but (Damn! Foregot English is 
written backwords from Japanese.) and found herself near the 
beginning (Oh well!). Thumbing thru the pages she giggled to 
herself then she came to a picture taped inside. It was of an 
atrractive red-head late teens, written on the bottom was To My 
Doug Love Chris. She glanced up at the now visiably upset owner "I 
wonder who this could be Dougy? Maybe I'll start reading here.", 
"I said give it back NOW!!" his voice was no longer calm as he 
took a step towards her. Ryoko had never looked so evil as she did 
standing there one hand on her hip the other dangling my diary 
infront of her "Oh yeah! Make me!" she taunted mockingly. I was 
already sore from the earlier beating Gramps had dealt me and my 
resentment at her attitude towards me flared up as well (THAT'S 
IT!!). The pirate had only a split second to realize she had done 
more than finaly crack the strangers composure when he moved. With 
a snap of a wrist he sent one of bokkens resting on his  shoulder 
spinning at her and he was right behind it raising the other for a 
blow. "Whaaat??"even taken by surprise reflexes honed over 5000 
years kicked in, snapping her free hand up she cought the missle 
inches from her face even as her other shoved her prize underneath 
her belt. Still she barely managed to block the first strike 
"KLAK!!". Her blinding fast reactions oddly didn't surprise me 
that much so I continued my attack. Parrying another attack Ryoko 
jumped back to get room to manuever (All right BUSTER!! If you 
want an ass kicking that's fine with me!) then threw herself onto 
the offensive. Mihoshi stumbled back away from the two as they 
circled each other the silence shattered by the rapid crack of 
wood on wood. (Damn! She knows what she's doing.) I thought (This 
may not have been my brightest idea to date.) and that moment of 
wandering concentration almost earned me a broken rib as  I just 
managed to deflect a viscious sidecut . Seeing that she almost 
landed a hit Ryoko laughed aloud pressing her advantage and 
driving me back. (FUCUS YOURSELF ON THE HERE AND NOW! THE ONLY 
THINGS THAT EXIST ARE YOU AND YOUR FOE.) whispered a tiny voice in 
my head, taking the advice I planted my feet finaly holding my 
ground even if I was still only defending (GOOD! NOW TAKE HER 
MEASURE.). Back on balance I sidestepped her next swing and 
countered with a simple attack pattern which she easily countered, 
but before she could take the initiative I launched another series 
of progressively more complex attacks. Ryoko stood toe to toe with 
him as he methodicaly probed her defenses occassionaly allowing 
her an opening as if to test her. After a couple of minutes we 
seperated eyes still locked and oblivious to Mihoshi's pleas to 
stop. Quickly I went over in my head everything I had learned 
(She's fast, strong and experienced...but..her style. Something 
seems odd...wait that's it! It's a self tought style that explains 
the gaps in her guard.), a smile grew on my face and I said "Play 
time is over Tuts.". "SHIT!" Ryoko cursed (I can't use my strength 
or powers and this JERK is taking everything I throw at him.) in 
fact after her initial advantage once he had gotten on track this 
fight  had reminded her most unpleasantly of her battle with 
Yakage.  On the up side he wasn't lecturing her (DAMN! First 
Yohso, then Tenchi, Kagato almost Minagi than to Yakage...I can't 
loose AGAIN! I CAN"T!!) tightening her grip on the bokken her eyes 
narrowed and she sprang forward. I saw her move and immediatly 
stepped foreward thrusting my bokken straight ahead. Skidding to a 
halt Ryoko desperately brought her sword down to knock the 
thrusting point away from her, but it weaved around like a snake 
forcing her to wave hers back and forth  to keep it at bay. 
Klak..Klak.Klak in rapid succession he blocked her attacks (This 
BASTARD is PLAYING with me!) then he took what looked like a wild 
swing. Seeing an opening  she dodged the strike and with a cry 
swung her weapon with all the strength she dare put into it 
"GOTCHA!!". Even as she began her attack the Bastard even more 
quickly had reversed his own movement pivoting completely around 
while dropping to a kneeling position. Ryoko's sword slashed thru  
the air where Doug's head had been a split second before and her 
own momentum carried her body around till that combined with his 
placed him behind her. WHAP! The bokken struck her on the back on 
her leg causing it to buckle.  Ryoko gasped as she fell to one 
knee the other numbed, throwing out her left hand to catch 
herself. Straightening back up I circled back infront of her 
thinking that this was over till she shrieked "NOOOO!!!" and I 
dodged back from a wild swing. (I guess I'll just go for a disarm! 
Some people just don't know when to quit!) raising my blade I 
stepped towards her then I looked into her eyes and froze.  There 
was a strange tightness in my chest as I locked eyes with this  
girl who on a single leg refused to give up,  somehow  I knew that 
she was backed into a corner emotionaly.  (You can win this right 
now!) the voice whispered (But is the price worth it though?) 
respect and something else was welling up in me, so I knelt down 
before her placing my weapon on the ground bowing "I give up.". 
Ryoko stared dumbfounded at him "You WHAT?"she asked slowly 
lowering her sword "What did you say?. He smiled at her no hint of 
his earlier anger, "I said I give up..I can't beat you so the only 
option is for me to yield. Could you please give me back my 
dairy?" asking again and holding out his hand. For a moment Ryoko 
just sat there starring at him, not a minute before she had been 
so desperate she had considered blasting him (I HATE this guy with 
a passion! If I had  been able to hit I would have pulverized his 
head and now he goes and does THIS?), all her anger had just 
melted away replaced by confusion and and something she couldn't 
name. "Yeah sure here you go." she said handing it back to him 
then Mihoshi who was nearly hysterical grabbed her shoulders and 
commenced to shake her violently "RYOKO? OH my! Are you alright, 
you had me sooo worried?" I covered my mouth to keep from laughing 
as she shook her like a baby rattle then with Mihoshi's help got 
Ryoko back on her feet. "Hmm?" I could hear noises from the woods 
drawing closer sounded like Gramps and Tenchi making their way 
here in a hurry.  The look of fear that flashed across Ryoko's 
face told me she heard them too,(OH MY GOD! If Tenchi finds out 
about this he'll be so mad at me.) she thought (What am I going to 
do?). Hurridly I grabbed up the bokkens and grabbed MIhoshi 
pulling her face to face "Sorry about that Mihoshi, we didn't mean 
to scare you like that!" glancing at Ryoko "AFTER all we were just 
playing around right?". Mihohsi blinked "But..I thought you two 
were?"confused she turned to Ryoko, as soon as she couldn't see me 
I mouthed "Play along.". She hestitated unable to believe he had 
said that, but with Mihoshi starring questioningly at her she 
decided to just flow with it "Of course MIhoshi! We weren't really 
fighting Deary....we were just fooling around like Doug said 
that's all.". Tenchi and Gramps burst out of the woods not knowing 
what to expect from the sounds they had heard, but seeing me 
standing there chatting with Mihoshi and Ryoko amiably of all 
people wasn't one of them. Immediately Tenchi knew something was 
wrong with this picture but couldn't put his finger on it, Gramps 
just let out an amused snort "Hmmph! So this is where he's been I 
see!". Walking up to the group he thought he saw some kind of look 
exchanged between Doug and Ryoko "Naahh! I'm imagining things." he 
said under his breath then louder " Everything okay here?". Well 
our buxum blonde bounded foreward and the instant she opened her 
mouth we both started to panic. "Tenchi, Grampa! Oh my it was soo 
exciting you should have been here! They were swinging those sword 
thingies around at each other.and it was just like that Six....or 
was it five Samurai movie Ayeka likes so much!". I watched as 
Tenchi glared accussingly at the cyan-haired girl "RYOKO?", (Time 
to run interference!) walking up to him all smiles I threw my arm 
around his shoulder "Tenchi Dude! Why didn't you tell me Ryoko can 
use a sword? You should have her practicing with you.". That took 
him by surprise "What?...Well.." but I just kept talking over him 
"All these years I've never met any girls" then in a loud stage 
whisper "especialy hot ones who were into Kendo, just fencing with 
those oversized sewing needles. This was too good an oppertunity 
to pass up so I threw her a bokken and..". By now having caught on 
Ryoko was hanging on his arm opposite me with a smile to match 
mine "AND I was curious to see how good he was and Doug was kind 
enough to oblige me." looking back and forth between us Tenchi 
tried to interject something, but I cut him off again "That's 
right Ryoko, besides I couldn't pass up a chance to show off 
infront of a couple of gorgeous girls and it did let us breack the 
ice finaly!" I whinked at her and she whinked back then we both 
burst into a laugh as he stood there completely lost (What's going 
on here?). All this time Katsuhito had watched and listened with a 
bemused smirk stroking his chin "Well I think YOU two have had 
enough exercise for today." aiming a whink at us "Why don't you 
BOYS go on down and take a bath?". Quickly agreeing that was a 
splendid idea I dragged the still bewildered Tenchi off towards 
the steps "Tell you what Tenchi! Why don't you use the onsen first 
and..". Watching the two boys disappear Katsuhito shook his head 
then headed to his office "Girls I'll be doing some paperwork so 
call me when luch is ready?", "Sure Grampa" Mihoshi replied 
picking up her broom "Ryoko do you think you could lend me a hand 
and..." looking around but the Pirate was no longer in sight  
"Ryoko? I wonder where she went?". We were a third of the way back 
as Tenchi tried to explain away Ryoko's sword knowledge but I 
wasn't really listening to him. I couldn't seem to get HER off my 
mind (Damn it! Stop thinking about her you Idiot! There's no way 
in Hell of her and me.) then seeing that he had stopped talking 
and was watching me (Better get a new topic going!) "She's rather 
fond of you isn't she?". Tenchi nearly tripped as he slammed to a 
stop "Yeah!....I..guess so!", watching him I couldn't help but see 
how nerveous he had gotten all of a sudden. Continuing "You don't 
sound too thrilled by it. Ryoko, Ayeka, all the girls like you an 
aweful lot!", hestitating for a sec as he studied his shoes "I 
know it's just...". "But what GUY?" I prompted, Tenchi threw up 
his hands in exhasperation "It's just that I can't get any 
privacy!!" and went straight on despite my wide eyed stare. 
"They're always around me....coming into my room...especialy Ayeka 
and Ryoko, then there are all the fights and stuff!" taking a 
couple steps down I turned to look at him ruefully " 
Tenchi...Tenchi...you have a house of attractive, very likable 
girls who like you and you make it sound like some terrible 
burden.  Hmmm?" hearing a noise behind me I turned to see Ryo-Oh-
Ki hopping up in our direction "Meow!". Walking towards her Tenchi 
reached out his arms "Hey! What's up there Ryo-Oh-Ki?" the little 
thing made a beeline to him leaping into his waiting hands.  
Spying something afixed to her little collar "I wonder what this 
is?" turned out it was a note. Quickly reading it Tenchi looked 
back at me "HA! Sasami is running low on some vegetables for 
dinner, so I need to run by the fields and pick some more.", I 
offered to help but Tenchi insisted it would only take a few 
minutes so I should just go ahead and use the onsen first. 
Standing there all sweaty and sore I couldn't find the energy to 
try and argue with him so I thanked him and headed to the house. 
"Tenchi will be here any minute!" Ryoko squeled to herself while 
setting down the tray by the main pool. An oppertunity to catch 
her Love in the baths was not something she could pass up, 
satisfied with the set up she teleported over to a hiding place 
then phased out of her clothes. "Ooch!" frowning she rubbed the 
spot where where she had gotten hit oddly it still smarted for 
some reason "Why did he just give up like that?. She replayed the 
whole scene in her head and it still didn't make any sense to her, 
not the way the fight had ended nor him covering for her with 
Tenchi. Ryoko had no doubts what would have happened if he had 
found out what had gone on, he would have gotten so angry with her 
he wouldn't have talked to her for weeks. (Was he trying to throw 
Mihoshi at him? I'm not so sure anymore.) her thoughts were 
interrupted by the sound of the door siliding open "Ooopps!" 
hunkering down behind a boulder she crossed her fingers "Come on 
Tenchi Darling! I've got something for you.". Shutting the door 
behind me I turned to survey the interior of the onsen in wonder 
(God! This is going to feel great after that shalacking I took!), 
even though I had been in here before I still couldn't beleive 
this was real. When I has asked about how they had built the thing 
Nobiyuki had given me some vague explanation about pending patents 
and copyrighting etc.... Frankly it sounded like BS to me but as a 
wise Arab once said "A wise man questions not Allah's gifts!". I 
moved to the main bath and stripped down to a towel then lowered 
myself into the water "Aahhhhh!!". Taking a few moments I just 
shut my eyes and lost myself in the luxurious feeling of the warm 
water, finaly opening them I busied myself massaging my numerous 
bruises. Then I noticed the tray set next to the bath "Hmm?" there 
was a small bottle and a pair of saucer cups. Thinking (That's 
aweful thoughtful of someone! Tea or hot chocolate perhaps?) I 
reached over and picked up the bottle bringing it under my nose to 
sniff (Saki??!!).  I stared at it (Someone really went out of 
their way.) then as I poured a cup (HEY! Wait a second?). 
Suspicion gleamed in my eyes as I looked around for a certain red-
head (I wouldn't put this past the Little Flirt!) , then certain I 
was alone tossed back the cup "Ahhhhh!". Not a second later I 
heard a splash behind me like someone had just jumped into the 
water, spinning around towards the noise "I KNEW YOU WERE.......". 
Ryoko listened as he got into then water "Please make this work?), 
then she heard the sound of saki being poured (OH MY GOD! Tenchi 
is actualy having a drink?). Grinning so hard at her great luck 
that her eyes were shut she teleported over top of the bath and  
fell the last couple feet to splash into the water Behind him. 
However the voice that spoke up wasn't Tenchi's it was HIS voice. 
Opening her eyes revealed Doug standing in front of her saki in 
hand with a stupid grin on his face as he ogled her. The next 
thought thru my head was (DAAAMMMMNNNN!!!), I was paralyzed by the 
vision before me, literaly unable to NOT look. The moment 
stretched seemingly forever as I eyed every inch of the curvacious 
and full figure (NO wonder Tenchi passess out! I'm feeling a tad 
lightheaded myself!), too bad not being a stranger to the sight of 
a naked woman nor averse to said sight I didn't faint away, which 
if I had I might have avoided what followed next. (IT"S HIM!!!!!) 
Ryoko's mind screamed then her vision went red, her lips drew back 
in a hiss "You HENTAI BASTARD!". It was obvious now from the dirty 
smile the DIRTY RAT figured out that she would be here waiting for 
Tenchi..so he could....could!! The furious look on her face 
snapped me back to reality (OH CRAP!!!! SHE'S PISSED!!!) and that 
feeling of danger I felt that first day returned with a vengeance, 
but before I could attempt to explain Ryoko let out an animalistic 
scream of rage and sprang at me. Shear instinct made me dive 
foreward so that she sailed over me. Not wasting a moment I 
scrambled out of the pool onto the deck and had barely spun back 
around when she literly exploded out of the water like a sub-
launched ballistic missle to land infront of me. (How the F#### 
did she DO THAT??) The next moment I found myself backpedaling 
franticly dodging a rapid volley of punches each one closer than 
the last. In my mind that voice whispered (Focus your mind be it 
thru pain or fatigue you must be able to FOCUS no matter the 
situation) under my breath I growled "EASY for you to SAY! I NEVER 
imagined myself being myself being attacked by a gorgeous NAKED 
WOMAN!". Ryoko threw a round house right at my head and I snapped 
up my left to block it. I might as well have tried to block a 
swung sledgehammer cause her fist smashed my arm aside and clocked 
me on the chin even as I tried to roll with the punch. Ryoko 
grinned in predatory glee as she finaly nailed the bastard 
spinning him around in the air then dumping him in a heap on the 
floor. "That's right you PERVERT! No more playing around your ASS 
IS MINE!!" she growled as he struggled to stand. (SHIT!!! She's 
STRONGER  than me!) that thought snapped my mind back into gear 
and I rolled to my feet. Spitting blood out of my mouth it felt 
like  my jaw was broken if not fractured as did my arm (All right 
I'm focused NOW!). Falling back into my stance I still tried to 
explain my way out of this mess "RYOKO LISTEN? Honestly I had no 
idea you were in here and..". She just snarled "I'm not falling 
for that MR. NICE GUY ACT again!! YOUR TOAST!!" then she snapped a 
side kick at me. Once again falling back onto instinct I turned 
into the kick and brought both arms up to block "WHAAAAAP!!". (You 
SHOULD have known better than that!). The blow launched the 
American back a good seven yards before he slammed into a palm 
tree shaking it to it's top. She almost imagined that she heard 
some bones break in amongst his scream of agony as the air was 
knocked out of him, but SOMEHOW he managed to stay on his feet. 
She growled in fury and disbelief as she advance again "Why don't 
you just lay down and DIE??". My first thought was (Stronger than 
me? SHIT!!!! SHE"S STRONGER THAN SCHWARTENAGER!!!!!) then the PAIN 
hit. I felt something give in  my chest and back even as I gasped 
for air and the world went blurry but by some miracle I stayed on  
my feet muttering "This'll leave a bruise on my Driver's Photo!" 
then I heard her coming closer. Doing my best to shut out the pain 
I pushed off from the tree (I've got to try something else!  This 
is just going to get me killed!!) . Watching him push of from the 
tree Ryoko thought (I'd better finish him and quick!) and threw a 
punch at his head. The snake dodged to the outside avoiding her 
fist but it took her by surprise when he grabbed her wrist and 
shoulder. Adding my wieght to her momentum I sent her flying past 
me in  what should have been an arm drag takedown save for losing 
my grip on her wet skin "OOOPPSSS!!!"turned into me sending her 
hurtling at the tree face first while I spun away helplessly. 
Ryoko seeing the tree trunk rushing at her teleported to safety.  
I was in a near panic thinking (Dear Lord! Don't let me have hurt 
her?) as I  recovered my balance but then  there was no sound of 
her smacking into the tree. Spinning around I couldn't find any 
sighn of her "Where did she...GAAAAAKKK!!" An arm snaked around my 
neck and jerked my head back squeezing my throat shut (NOW you 
know WHERE she is!). Desperately I tried to shake her off but she 
had the choke hold cinched in too tightly "Say GOODNIGHT CREEP!" I 
heard her hiss in my ear.  Now normaly the sensation of a naked 
female body pressed up against me wasn't something that I'd try to 
escape from but since she was TRYING to put my lights out I knew I 
had to do SOMETHING!!  (SHIT!!!SHIT!!!SHIT!!) there were a few 
ways that came to mind for throwing her off but the odds of my 
head still being attached to my shoulders wasn't very high. 
(HELL!! She can't get MUCH more pissed than this!) so Ireached my 
right hand back found her hip and started reaching  for her..  
Ryoko noticed his struggles growing weaker (FINALY!!) then she 
felt a hand on her hip that rapidly made it's way towards her 
"OOOOOUUUUUUUUUUCCCCHHHHH!!!!" the sceam of half pain, half 
outraged shock split the air. The second she let go of me I 
stumbled as fast as I could to get some room while I started 
breathing again. Spinning back around I took one look and (You 
were saying she couldn't get much PISSED??). Ryoko stood there 
rubbing her posterior with one hand as she clenched the other so 
tightly I could hear the tendons creak, her eyes were litterly 
blazing with fury "You pinched my ASS YOU PERVERT!!!!!!!!". Back 
at the house in the den Ayeka sat on one of the couches reading a 
book when the door to Washu's lab opened and the scientist stepped 
out peering around as if looking for someone or thing. Curious she 
put down her book "Little Washu? Is there some thing wrong?". 
Washu moved over to peer into the kitchen with a somewhat worried 
expression "Hmmmmm.....Have you seen my Daughter in the las few 
minutes?". The Princess shock her head "Well she did go out 
earlier for a bath a believe...why?", turning to face her Washu 
replied "let's just say that I have a BAD feeling about 
something!". Just then Tenchi came down the stairs with his bath 
stuff in hand, seeing the two girls "Oh! Hello Ayeka..Hello Little 
Washu!". Both girls turned towards him with a smile "OH!! Hello 
Lord Tenchi how was your practice with Brother Yosho?". Tenchi 
rubbed the top of his head where he had a new knot "Same as usual 
Gramps beat the daylights out of us again..though for a sec I 
thought Doug had him!". That drew astonished stares from both the 
girls, Yosho's legendary swordsmanship had only improved in his 
700 year self imposed exile the thought of anyone let alone an 
Earthling coming close to striking him was unbelievable. "Well I'm 
off to take a bath see you two later!" he continued staring 
towards the only to be dragged to a halt by Ayeka "Lord Tenchi you 
can't go out there now!!", Tenchi looked at her in confusion "Why 
not Ayeka?". The Princess scowled at him "BECAUSE that Monster 
Woman is out there in the baths right now...no doubt laying in 
wait for you so she can try and force her vulgar affections on you 
again!!". No sooner did she say that and Tenchi's face went white 
with fear, seeing that Washu tugged on his arm worriedly 
"Tenchi??...What's the matter?" getting a sinking feeling as a 
sudden rush of fury leaked thru to her over the link despite 
someones' best effort to hide it. Tenchi droped his bucket "Doug 
already went out to the Onsen to take a bath before I got back 
from the fields!!". There was a moment of shocked silence before 
all hell broke loose as the three stampeded toward the door. 
Meanwhile back in the Onsen, "Now Ryoko can't we just calm down 
and discuss this before someone (Most  likely you!) gets hurt?" I 
implored but she was way beyond that now. Screaming "YOUR 
DEADMEAT!!!!!"she sprang at me again but instead of dodging to the 
side I waited till the last second and catching her arms rolled 
onto my back. Her eyes widened in surprise as both my feet cought 
her in the gut, she managed to get one hand free and made a grab 
at me. Kicking both my legs out I sent her careening overtop of me 
into the pool behind me. Ryoko's cry of shock and rage was cut off 
by the huge splash, me not wasting anytime rolled to my feet 
prepared for her next attack. It took a few seconds before she 
surfaced sputtering water out the  she started at me again intent 
on my death. I was trying to figure out my next move when she she 
saw something off to her right and came to a screeching stop "What 
the Hell is she looking at?" I muttered (Why don't you look then?) 
the voice asked so I did. Off to the side of the pool was a huge 
body length mirror for the girls and plainly reflected in it was 
the two of us. It grew quiet save for the sound of running water 
as we stared at the ludicrous sight of us facing off both stark 
naked and my towel clenched in her fist...(My TOWL??). Ryoko by 
now was looking at the towel in her hand then at me just in time 
to see me break into a deep blush, cause sure enough all he was 
wearing were bruises and an embarrassed grin. Her eyes darted back 
to the mirror "Yep!! We're both naked!!" then she heard my voice 
rather haltingly ask "Could....I.. have my...towel...back 
PLEASE?". Rolling it up into a ball she tossed it back to me and I 
quickly wrapped it around my waist as she sank back into the water 
upto her chin. We must have kept starring at each other for for a 
good three minutes before we both started to snicker then 
dissolved into near hysterical laughter. The two of us had barely 
started to quiet down when we both heard the sound of people 
rapidly approaching, looking at the door we both muttered in 
unison "SHIT!!!". Outside the three raced to the onsen as fast as 
there feet could carry them, all talking at once. Tenchi "Oh BOY!! 
I hope she hasn't hurt him!!", Ayeka "HOW are we going to explain 
Ryoko crippling or killing him to the authorities let alone his 
family?", Washu "As long as she hasn't vaporized him or cut him 
into little pieces I should be able to put him back together. DAMN 
IT!! Ryoko if you've killed him!!". Reaching the doors Tenchi 
threw them open and strated in only stop in surprise,  then then 
girls slammed into him and they all fell foreward into a pile of 
bodies on the floor. From their new vantage point the girls cuold 
now see what had stopped Tenchi in his tracks and their eyed grew 
large as saucers. There sitting calmly together in the bath were 
Ryoko and I. The fact I was alive was surprise enough, but Ryoko 
was actualy wearing a towel and dabbing a wet compress to my face 
as we pleasantly chatted. Except for a swollen jaw and some 
bruises on my arms and face I seemed alright, course I had another 
towel tossed over my back so they couldn't see all the damage back 
there. Anyway I was regailing her with a story of my most 
idiototic roommate in the Army when my saviors finaly got to there 
collective feet, but still starring like they were seeing a ghost. 
Finaly Tenchi ventured "Doug are you ALRIGHT?"then glancing at 
Ryoko "What happened to you?". Ayeka was not as tactful "RYOKO!!! 
HOW DARE YOU assault our guest in such a BRAZEN manner? You should 
be ASHAMED of yourself!!". I could see Tenchi getting to go along 
with her so I spoke up "Just a second folks if I may? Now you just 
calm down Ayeka? No need to get your undies in a bind ." Ryoko 
started to snicker again as Ayeka seemed to verge on a stroke at 
my comment "No one was fighting, so just let us explain?"It took a 
few minutes but we convinced Tenchi that I had indeed walked in on 
Ryoko in the bath and was startled by her presence I tripped and 
slammed into one of the numerous rocks thus banging myself up, 
Ryoko had helped me up and we just started talking while she 
tended to my injury  and that was all. I knew niether of the other 
girls were buying this story but Tenchi being the guilable goof he 
is fell for it (You need to work on that with your friend! He's 
far too  trusting.). Finished with my bath I got up and moved off 
behind a large rock so I could put my sweatsuit on "Baths all 
yours Tenchi!" I called out before clenching a towel between my 
teeth as I painfully pulled my shirt over my abused back. Dressed 
I stepped back out as Ryoko appeared from behind some trees in a 
robe "I think I'll walk back with you to the house Doug besides 
tee hee..Tenchi will never get undressed with me here." she teased 
at Tenchi and I readily agreed "Good point can't have him passing 
out in the pool could drown."then to Ayeka and Washu "That means 
you two as well! No voyeurs allowed so SHOO!!". With Ryoko's help 
I herded them out of the onsen leaving a still somewhat baffled 
Tenchi behind wondering what was going on.  I got as far as the 
house before my legs started to buckle, fortuantely Ayeka had gone 
ahead to return to her reading and didn't see the two Sisters help 
me up the other staircase. Once I was situated on my  bed Washu 
stepped back out the door "Back in a second!" then was gone. Out 
of sight from the room Washu opened a Small Subspace portal and 
pulled out a First Aid kit while listening in on the Youngsters 
thru the Link. There was an akward silence as Ryoko stared at her 
feet then haltingly "I'm..I'm sorry..about back there and at the 
Shrine..I didn't mean to.." when I cut in "OH YES you did!! 
Hehehe!" chuckling darkly and wagging a finger at her "Ryoko I 
wouldn't have given you that sht if I hadn't known you'd take 
it.". Taking a moment to rub my jaw "You my DEAR play for keeps, 
but I'm sorry if I've given you the wrong idea about me. I'm not 
trying to hit on you nor do I have any intention of doing it in 
the future." She looked up at me then arching an eyebrow in a look 
of mock disbelief "You DON"T?" then broke inot a small smile. 
Massaging my jaw still (The pain is going away pretty fast!) as I 
smirked back at her "Don't think I haven't been tempted Ryoko! 
Only a complete idiot wouldn't be but I'm guessing you were 
expecting someone else to be showing up back there..Oh I don't 
know..maybe..Tenchi?". She started to laugh at that and I just 
nodded my head "I thought so!! Well no harm done..)wincing for a 
sec "Make that not MUCH harm anyway. Truce?". Ryoko thought it 
over for a moment then walking over took my offered hand "Truce!". 
"WELL!! Isn't that just TOO Sweet?" Washu observed from the 
doorway, Ryoko snatched her hand back, and came back in with a box 
under her arm which she set down next to me. "Sister Dear! Go get 
me some clean,wet cloths would you?" she asked then turning to me 
"Take your shirt off!" with a ring of authority in her voice . I 
Obediantly removed my shirt as she rumaged thru the book and Ryoko 
returned towels in hand from the bathroom. Taking one of them 
Washu proceeded to clean the numerous scrapes, cuts and abrasions 
I had aquired then began to check my ribs "OUCH!!! Watch what your 
doing would you?"I gasped only to have her flash me a reproachful 
eye "Don't worry! I know what I'm doing, now let me see your 
arms?". I help them up and bite my tongue as she checked them out, 
standing back she crossed her arms across her chest and regared 
first me then her Sister `Well Ryoko!! When you rough house you 
really ROUGH HOUSE!! No WONDER Tenchi won't play with you." then 
back to me "You however should be fine, just a bit sore till 
tomorrow but no permanent damage.". "I've felt better!"I replied 
to which she answered "You'll live be happy!". That said she went 
back to the box and pulled out a roll of gauze badanges which she 
tossed to Ryoko "Rip me off some strips will you? Just a few 
minutes and we'll have you all finished up Doug.". True to her 
word she had me bandaged up in a flash, picking up her kit she 
stepped back with her Sister to admire her handiwork(My what 
excellent muscle tone you have!) when she noticed something that 
she hadn't before (That's ODD!!). Stepping back up to me she 
pointed at my chest "What's that?" indicating the silver chain and 
necklace hanging around my neck. Ryoko stepped close too surprised 
that she had not seen it earlier herself "Oh this?" I said holding 
it up so they could see it better "I've had that since I was a 
little baby." nudging Washu aside Ryoko took a close look.  
Dangling from the chain was a FireBird wrought of gold with what 
appeared to be inlays of fire opal. The former Pirate let out a 
long whistle of appreciation as you could literaly see the credit 
symbols dancing in her eyes "It's Beautiful Doug! That thing must 
be worth a fortune!!". Washu now pushing her Sister aside got a 
better view "No kidding. Look at the detail of the feathers...the 
craftmanship is superb." and reaching out she traced her finger 
along the inlays and immediatly felt a barely perceptable 
sensation like a low electrical current running thru it. Blinking 
her eyes she managed to keep any overt reaction from showing even 
as the sensation flowed thru her as the medallion began to grow 
warm at her touch. I felt an odd tingle as she traced her finger 
along the detailing of the medallion, the feeling that I somehow 
knew her already washed over me again (And her) and we found 
ourselves falling into the others eyes when Ryoko's voice broke 
the moment " Hey Doug? Where did you get this from?".  Washu 
shaking her head a bit withdrew her hand and the sensation ebbed 
away in both of us "Actualy I don't know! My parents told me when 
I first asked about it that an Angel must have left it in my 
crib." I explained while pulling on a fresh shirt then seeing the 
doubt on their faces "HONEST!!!". Washu just nodded before "Well 
why don't you get some rest? Take it easy the rest of the day and 
I'll bring your dinner up to you later, Sis and I need to have a 
little chat first." she said grabbing Ryoko's arm and dragging her 
out the door.  It was a good thing they left because even as they 
shut the door behind them I wave of sleepiness washed over me and 
I just fell back onto the bed and closed my eyes. The odd warmth 
that had begun to emenate from the medallion at Washu's touch 
slowly spread thorought my body and all my various aches and pains 
became a mere echo in the back of my mind as it wandered off. The 
last thing I remembered hearing was "I SAID you coming with me 
NOW!!!", "OOOOWWWW!!!! Letgo of my ear..OOOUUCHHH!! DAMN YOU 
WASHU!!!!". A few minutes later back in her lab the scientist 
demanded a full account of what transpired that day with their 
guest. Her Daughter very reluctantly recounted the incident at the 
Shrine, during which Washu had stood there listening quietly till 
she got to the last part "He WHAT??". Shrugging Ryoko repeated "I 
said he had me cold and what Washu?"the smaller woman again 
grabbed her dragging the protesting Pirate to another section of 
the lab where she found herself strapped into her Mother's Memory 
Scanner Chair. A now utterly dejected looking Ryoko sat in the 
chair with what seemed like several dozen sensors hooked up to her 
or strapped around her head as Washu watched the events replayed 
on a large screen off to the side.  They watched as the scanner 
finaly got to the fight in the Onsen, Washu slowed down the speed. 
Stroking her chin she watched as Ryoko first decked him then 
kicked him literaly across the Onsen into that tree (How the Hell 
is he still alive let alone standing after that?..That impact had 
to have broken half of his ribs, but he got back up and keep 
going!! Then no humanshould have defeated Ryoko in a sword fight 
that easily even under those conditions.) out loud she muttered 
"Who are you Douglas Tarbox? And why do you seem so familiar to me 
and what is that medallion?". She tried to puzzle out what she had 
learned till Ryoko's irate voice shattered her train of thought 
"WASHU!!! DAMN YOU!!! Get me out of this FRIGGIN contraption 
already!!", She spared a second for a smirk "Hush now Little 
Ryoko! Or MOMMY will have to show Tenchi that adorable tape of 
you, I;m trying to think here." Bringing up her computer she 
activated the nanites inside of the bandages she had used on Doug 
and a Bio-Diagnostic display of their guest appeared on the little 
screen. Wahsu's eyes widened a bit even though she had expected 
this "Hmmmm! I've got to find an excuse to get a really close up 
llok at him.....but how?"

Well here it is folks sorry it took so long but I've been up to a 
lot of stuff the last few months and just fell behind on my 
writting. Anyway I decided that this chapter was going to have to 
be split into two due to it just being way too long. So in  
Chapter 4 my poor alter ego gets shanghied and the Masaki's throw 
their first Halloween Party. Please I'd appreciate any and all 
comments and or opinions on the story so far.

