Doug Tarbox d_tarbox@yahoo.com

Disclaimer:  The original story and characters of Tenchi Muyo belong to Pioneer 
LCD and AIC and VIZ COMICS. This fan fiction is not for gaining me a profit, as 
if I could be that lucky. However this story and the new characters introduced 
are mine.

Synopsis:  This story takes place in the OVA and NNFT Manga continuum,shortly 
after the coclusion of the Bizen Incident, and 1000 years after the Prologue. 
The Masaki’s have a new guest arriving (Warning this is a self insertion,though 
a highly altered one). That said let the games begin!

NO NEED FOR THE GAMES GODS PLAY CHAPTER 1 A NEW ARRIVAL

Mid September, it’s a beautiful late afternoon outside the Masaki House.Inside 
the gang is gathered around the dinner table having a quiet,peaceful dinner 
“RYOKO!! Release Lord Tenchi this instant!!!!”,”Yeah whose going to MAKE me 
Little Princess Party Pooper?”. The two voices can easily be heard outside “How 
dare you speak to the Crown Princess of Jurai like that yo!
u....you...FOSSIL WOMEN?”. Sitting between the two warring girls Tenchi 
concentrated on eating his dinner, across the table from him Sasami coaches a 
humanoid Ryo-Oh-Ki with her chopsticks “There you go Ryo-Chan, your getting the 
hang of it now!” “Miya!! munch, munch”. Next to the two youngsters Washu held 
her bobbing head with both hands as Mihoshi continued her story “So like anyway 
I went onboard the ship,but it was like deserted or something and it was really 
,really messy like it had been trashed, and that reminded me I had foregotten to 
clean up my cabin earlier and dump the garbage, so anyway” the Blonde babbled on 
unaware her audience’s eyes were nearly closed 
“Attention..wandering...conciseness...fading” Washu mumbled. Sitting at one end 
of the table was Nobiyuki unhappily sorting thru the latest batch of 
bills,mostly repair bills for the house and replacement furniture,opposite him 
on the other end was Katsuhito an island of calm as usual. Finishing his tea he 
taps on the !
cup and the other all fall silent,satisfied he has their attention “Everyone I 
need your attention for a few minutes,Sasami please wake Washu up?... Now I 
received a call from an old friend of mine this morning,it seems a young man 
from the U.S. will be arriving in Japan as part of a student exchange program 
and he asked me if I would be willing to allow him to board here.”looking at his 
son-in-law “We’ve already discussed it and have agreed,he’ll be arriving in two 
weeks.”. There was dead silence now save for the munching of carrots as six 
mouths hung slack from shock. Tenchi sat there as dumbfounded as the others,then 
chaos erupted as all the girls started talking at once. “Wow!! I’ve never met 
anyone from America before!” exclaimed Sasami obviously thrilled by the ideas 
was Mihoshi who started bouncing around “Oh my! This is sooo exciting a visitor! 
Oh my God! I’ll have to get my hair done and ...and... my wardrobe is so out of 
date!!”. “Brother?” Ayeka broke in worriedly “!
Are you sure this is a good idea? What if our identities are discovered?”. 
“Great! Another freeloader to feed.” Ryoko groaned,Washu only managed “Katsuhito 
your kidding right?”. Looking back at everyone “Nope.”,the rest of the evening 
was spent explaining that the university would be paying them to house the young 
man,so Nobiyuki pointed out that meant at least someone aside from Sasami 
wouldn’t be freeloading that shut the pirate up,and would help with the bills. 
His presence would also cut down on repair costs since everyone was going to be 
forbidden to ues their powers while the guest was there,especialy no fighting! 
Two of the girls started to protest,but an icy glare from Gramps silenced them 
in a second “Now let’s get down to the rest of the details..”as he continued 
Tenchi had started to smirk to himself “Hmmph...maybe this won’t be too bad 
after all? Heck! I could use the peace and quiet.” Two weeks later aboard a 
passenger car of a bullet train I found myself sitting !
by the window watching the countryside speed by. A sketchboard and pencils lay 
idly on my lap (I’m finally here after all these years Japan) I thought,then 
glancing at the landscape drawing I had drawn “It’s really more beautiful than I 
had imagined. Damn!! I can’t believe I made the exchange program.”. Some of the 
other students had laughed when they heard I had lost out on any of the big 
cities,but that was fine with me,after the last six years bouncing from city to 
city between the Army and school a nice scenic spot out in the country was just 
fine with me. Reaching into my briefcase I pulled out a folded up letter and 
reread it “Masaki Katsuhito,Keeper of the Masaki Shrine,his son-in-law Nobiyuki 
and his grand-son Tenchi. Heaven and Earth,intresting name),and apparently a 
number of other folks boarding as well.”. The head priest back in Tokyo had been 
kind of vague on that,seemed like some kind of inside joke,so on a whim I called 
ahead to double check on my travel arrange!
ments and the pick up time the night before. I had dialed the number and after 
three rings it was picked up “Hello Masaki residence,how can I help you?” a 
young girl’s voice answered merrily,”Yes! Can I speak to either Katsuhito or 
Nobiyuki if they’re there please?”.”Sure! Just a minute and I’ll go get one of 
them.” the phone was set down as I could hear her dash 
off”Grampa?...Nobiyuki?”(Grampa?) so I waited and two minutes later I heard the 
phone get picked up again and a new voice came over the line “I wonder who left 
this off the hook?.. Better hang it up.” it was definitely an older girl ,but I 
wasn’t paying attention to her voice as I yelled into my end “WAIT??DON’T HANG 
UP!!!!”. What followed was a outburst of profanity(####,********,Why don’t you 
deafen me ***hole?” I just stared at the phone then yet another girl’s voice 
came over “What do you think you are doing Ryoko?”. This new voice was the 
complete opposite of the other,racking my memory for the appropriate dialec!
ts I identified the new one as a upperclass,snotty like a Brit,the other 
was,well kind of like a vulgar,southern accent.”Shadup Ayeka!!”. I tried to get 
their attention,but a full-scale scuffle seemed to have started and they were 
oblivious to me on the line so I just listened. This went on for a couple of 
minutes until yet another girl showed up “Would you two girls stop carrying on 
like a pair of adolescent twits? Geez...there is someone on the phone you 
know?”,counting on my fingers “One..Two.. Three..Four girls,now this is 
interesting.”. Whomever it this was they quickly ran off the other two then 
picked up the phone themselves :Hello there! so sorry about that,but you know 
how children these days are? Anyway the guys are up at the shrine so it’ll be a 
minute or two. By the way who is this,if it’s not confidential or anything?”. 
“I’m the new houseguest , Douglas Tarbox at your service and who might you be 
praytell?”the girl giggled a little,then her voice changed becoming !
much deeper “Why I’m Washu,soo you’re the young man arriving tomorrow to stay 
with us hmmm? It’ll be sooo nice to have another man around the house.” I had 
never heard a more sultry voice in my life (Is it me or has the AC gone out in 
here?). Finally a man’s voice called out “Okay girls I’m here.” and the phone 
was passed with a disappointed sigh before she could say more leaving me to try 
and remember why I had wanted to talk to one of the guys anyway. Smiling at the 
memory I put the letter away and drew out a clean sheet of paper as I pondered 
what had drawn me to Japan. My pencil began to sketch seemingly of it’s own 
accord as it often did when I zoned out like this. I didn’t realize how long I 
had been woolgathering until the announcement over the load speakers that we 
were ten minutes from Karashiki Station. Taking a look about I could see some of 
the other passengers already getting their things together (Better get my stuff 
packed too.),stuffing my pencils back into my !
case. When I got to my drawing board I paused to see what my wandering hand had 
created. Two pairs of mysterious eyes gazed back at me from the paper. I sat 
back studying them,both were women’s eyes sharply accented ,one pair were 
emerald green,dacing with mischief and unbridled curiosity. The second pair were 
golden with pupils like a cat,a fierce and defiant spirit lurked behind them. 
Despite the obvious differences they struck me as being very alike in some way 
(Related perhaps?),however my speculations were interrupted when I noticed the 
rest of the passengers getting up to disembark. Cursing myself for losing track 
of time again I hurriedly gathered up my things. In the main terminal Tenchi and 
his father waited for their guest. Being the taller of the two Nobiyuki held a 
placard overhead with the guy’s name in English written across it.while they 
scanned the crowd unloading from the train. “Dad are you sure this is the right 
train?”Tenchi asked turning to his dad. Giving!
 his son a tolerant look he replied “Tenchi there are only two trains from there 
this afternoon and the other already arrived earlier,so if there was a mix up we 
would already have run into him.” Considering that for a sec he had to admit he 
had a point,but was still about to suggest that he check out the cafeteria just 
in case when dad broke into a grin at an approaching figure”Well look’s like I 
was right oh ye of little faith!”. Tenchi let out a sigh as he turned to get his 
first sight of their newest houeguest. An hour later back at the house. Sasami 
and Mihoshi were in the kitchen preparing dinner while her sister and their 
resident demon/pirate waited in the den eyeing the clock on the wall. Unable to 
sit still a second longer Ryoko began to teleport around the room at random. 
Ayeka ignored her for a few minutes then”Ryoko would you please cease that? We 
promised not to use our powers and your giving me a headache.”. Coming to a halt 
behind the princess sitting on the co!
uch “I know!..I know but they ain’t back yet and I felt like it Ayeka.” Ryoko 
quipped back,the sound of a door opening drew both their attention towards the 
closet under the staircase. Stepping out from her lab the little-redheaded 
scientist looked at the two girls with a grin “Great! You two stay right there.” 
and immediately walked across the room into the kitchen. Staring at the closing 
door then at each other “What was that about?” Ayeka,”I haven’t the slightest 
idea.” Ryoko responded. It wasn’t long before Washu reemerged into the den and 
walking over to them held out a crystal earring to each. Once they took them she 
stepped back then began to tap her foot impatiently as they held them at arms 
length like they were some insect ot similarly nasty thing.“Eh? Washu what are 
these for?” Ayeka asked first,suspicious after seeing some of her previous 
inventions,her daughter chief amongst them. Biting back a sharp retort Washu 
explained “They’re translators of course.”. Taking !
a closer look Ryoko noted hers matched her lesser gem she wore on her ear “I 
thought this guy could speak Japanese already?”. The woman child smiled at her 
question “Correct he can,but these take care of any gaps in his fluency and 
they’ll also allow you to speak and understand English and any other Earth 
language. I also threw in an optical reader for good measure in case we want to 
read his mail.”,”Washu!!!” Ayeka protested,”Just kidding there,but I also 
thought to make sure they won’t let us slip any odd words out”she feigned a 
severe look at Ryoko “Especialy you Little Ryoko,honestly I don’t know where you 
learned some of the things that come out of your mouth sometimes.”teasingly. 
Taking a sec to flip Washu the bird she joined Ayeka in donning the 
earrings,glancing at the clock again Ayeka frowned “What is keeping them? Lord 
Tenchi and his father should be back already.”. The demon straightened up from 
leaning over the back of the couch cocking her ear to some sound only !
she could hear then nodded to herself “They’re coming upthe road right now.”. 
Staring at her doubtfuly over her shoulder at her “How would you know?” Ryoko 
unable to resist getting a last dig in smiled sexily “Why with my highly 
developed senses of course Dear.” then running her hands down her sides to 
emphasize her full figure “Then my senses aren’t the only thing that I have 
that’s more developed than yours Ayeka.”. The princess leaped to her feet 
wheeling about to face her nemisis “HOW DARE YOU COMPARE YOUSELF TO ME 
YOU...YOU... LITTLE SPACE TROLLOP?”. Things looked to be degenerating until 
Washu stepped in between then planting a small fist in each of their guts 
“Ooommph!!!”. Glaring at the two “Now both of you cut it out!!”she snapped 
causing both to hang their heads and mutter “Alright”. “Good!” turning toward 
the kitchen Washu called out “Mihoshi? Sasami? They’re here,time to meet our new 
tenant.”turning back to then “Shall we?”. The shear beauty of the place 
astounded !
me as we drove up to the gates of the property. The red-roofed,three story house 
sat next to a picturesque lake to which to my surprise held a small glass-
inclosed island. My hosts had told me a little about what to expect,but the 
Onsen had been impossible to believe till I saw it (I’ll be damned!! Nobiyuki 
must be one hell of an architect and an engineer,) Passing thru the gate I 
couldn’t help but notice the two logs framing either side of the gate “Hey 
Tenchi?..What are those? I’ve never seen anything like those.”. I couldn’t see 
the look of apprehension on his face when he repied “Oh!....Those are Guardians 
to keep away evil spirits...it’s an old local custom.”. “Really!!” ( This is 
going to be more educational than I expected.) I thought as we pulled up in 
front of the house as they got out I grabbed my carry on luggage and reached for 
the doorhandle by the time I got out the welcoming committee had rolled out of 
the house. Lined up infront of the house stood a bevy of lov!
ely girls,smiling to myself I could see the guys had’t been kidding about the 
other houseguests and I took a minute to survey them. Washu watched as the youg 
man walked out from behind the van towards them,one can’t make too many 
assumptions based on just a voice,but what she saw did’t disapoint her “He’s 
cute!!”she said sizing him up. Early twenties,a bit taller than Nobiyuki and 
definately a lot fitter,she smiled as his brown eyes bright with curiousity 
looked back at them from underneath a shock of black hair combed over to one 
side. He was dressed in slacks and a black turtleneck,he had a jacket slung over 
his shoulder along with a briefcase and broke into an attractive grin 
“Correction very cute!”. It was just then that he made eye contact with her and 
Ryoko and he came to a complete stop,eyes widening in abject shock even as his 
jaw hit the ground. Mother and Daughter stood there in utter confusion as they 
both wondered “What’s wrong with him??”then Washu felt an odd sen!
se of dejea vue “Have I met this guy before?” at the same time Ryoko sensed a 
aura around him for a split second then it was gone as he gave himself a shake 
trying to regain his composure. She glanced at Washu who was looking at her 
(Ryoko what is it?) she asked over the link,(I’m not sure.) looking back at the 
stranger (It was probably nothing,at least I hope it is!”. I was stunned to say 
the least,there starring back at me were those eyes I had drawn. My amazement 
lasted only a minute then it occured to me that I was standing there like a 
slack jawed idiot,and every one was starring at me (Boy!!! This is not the way 
to make a good first impression). Tenchi “Are you alright there Doug?”sounding a 
little concerned as I started to shake my head to clear it (Okay! Lets see if I 
can salvage this.). “No! I’m fine” I replied then flashing a sly grin at him 
“It’s just that I wasn’t prepared to see five such lovely ladies that’s all.” 
that illicited a conspiratorial chuckle from Tenc!
hi’s Dad and delighted giggles from most of the girls. Letting out a relieved 
whistle I wiped the sweat from my face (Whew! That was close.) as Nobiyuki 
smiled at my quick footwork “Hey! Tenchi why don’t you go introduce Doug to the 
girls. I’ll go get his stuff out of the back?” ,”Sure Dad.” with that he lead me 
over to the girls. “Everybody this is Douglas! Douglas this is Sasami.” first up 
was the cutest little 8 year old ,”And this Ayeka her sister.” figuring I needed 
to make up for my earlier foul up I took each of their hands in succession 
kissing them as I “The pleasure is mine ladies.”that won me a blush and a giggle 
from Sasami and a surprised “Oh!!!” from her sister. Straightening up I took a 
closer look at the two,both were dressed in kimonos of an odd cut and wore their 
long hair down nearly to the ground,Sasami’s GREEN?,hair in ponytails on either 
side while Ayeka’s PURPLE?? in twin tails in back. Next there was their eyes the 
little girl’s were pink and her sister!
’s were a royal purple (Alrighty this is odd!!),but I thrust that aside due to 
Sasami’s aura of shear sweetness which contrasted sharply with Ayeka’s. I’m not 
saying she wasn’t polite or courteous,but she carried herself with a air of 
regality that smacked of someone a little full of themself. Next was Mihoshi (My 
aren’t we a healthy looking lass.)simply put she was blonde,built and huge blue 
eyes like a giant doll(Lord!! Ain’t those eriee?),but at least she was dressed 
in a more western fashion (Now that is one tight sweater!). It didn’t take me 
long to figure out the hair color was natural and she suffered from an over 
abundance of nerveous energy ,cause she was nervously shuffling from one foot to 
the other as Tenchi introduced us she exploded into a full scale hop when I 
kissed her hand “Oh my!!...I’m so embarrassed.....I’m blushing!!”. We watched 
her for a sec ,Tenchi “Don’t mind her that’s just how she is.”,the resigned nods 
from the rest was all the confirmation I neede!
d. When she finaly calmed down we found her starring at us “So Tenchi who do you 
got there?” groans erupted all around as I observed “Not much of an attention 
span huh?”leaning closer to Tenchi “So you noticed.”he whispered back. Tenchi 
started to explain who I was again when someone tugged on my arm “Hey there 
don’t foreget about us?” teased that voice from the other night and turning I 
found to my surprise it belonged to a stunning young girl who couldn’t be older 
than 12 (Damn! She’s hot looking....when have I ever described a girl that young 
like that?) with a huge mane of red hair (Warning!!Warning!! Red-heads = 
trouble) and those green eyes (Warning!! Green eyed,red-heads=BIG TROUBLE.) 
which sparkled with mischief. Taking her offered hand (Not shy this one.) I gave 
her a deep bow as I kissed her “It’s a previlage and a pleasure to meet you 
finaly Washu.”though honestly I had the oddest feeling that somehow she seemed 
familiar to me. Washu “Hmmm..I see that chivalry isn’t!
 dead.” then looking at Tenchi “I hope he’s taking notes? Nice to meet you 
finaly.”though it didn’t feel that way to her “But you must call me LITTLE 
WASHU,Dougy!”. She grinned as I winced at that (It really is a shame I’m not 
allowed to haul him into the lab,I bet he’s really cute when he struggles. Of 
course I might find out what spooked Ryoko.). (God! I hate that nickname!)”Tell 
you what if you won’t call me that I’ll be more than happy to call you Little 
Washu,deal?”and I held out my hand,taking it she gave me a smile “Deal!”,shaking 
on it she hooked a thumb over her shoulder “and this is my SISTER Ryoko.”. The 
other girl’s right eye twitched at that then they turned on me. She looked to be 
17 or 18,maybe a half a head shorter than me,full figured and sporting a wild 
mane like her sister if shorter and bluish-green in color (Allright the hair 
thing has gone beyond odd now.)with tassles framing her face. I tilted my head 
to the side as examined her face (MY!! What unusual e!
ars you have my Dear!),but her eyes just dragged my attention to them like a 
magnet. In person they were mesmerizing twin pools of gold,all in all she struck 
me as the most attractive young woman I had ever met. Seeing her and Washu 
together I could easily confirm my initial opinion that they had to be related 
(The younger one is definately shaping up like her sister,SWEET!!!).I held out 
my hand “Pleased to meet you Ryoko.”and I froze at the look she gave me,hairs 
stood on the back of my neck as something warned me this girl was the most 
dangerous person I’d ever met. Ryoko scowled at the stranger (What and who are 
you? I know I felt something before.),ignoring the offered hand “Yeah....hi!” ( 
I’m not falling for this mister charming act.). “Ryoko?? What’s the matter with 
you?” a visiably irritated Tenchi stalked over :That’s no way to treat a guest 
in our house.” her fierce expression wilted before his ire and she started to 
sputter an excuse,when I cut in “Tenchi? I think th!
is is more my fault than her’s,after all this is the first time we’ve ever met 
and I stop in my tracks gapping at her like a landed fish.”turning to her “I 
meant no offense. Please accept my apolgy?”. The young woman seemed taked aback 
then reache out and gave me a firm handshake “Sorrry! Nice to meet you.”. (Well 
that’s better. I think?) Seeing Tenchi’s dad pull the last of my luggage out of 
the van I suggested we go ahead and give him a hand and as we walked over a new 
voice boomed out “So I see our guest has arrived!” there was only one person the 
that elderly gentleman could be approaching us so I bowed deeply to him “It is 
an honor to be welcomed into your house,I am Douglas Tarbox and it is a 
previlage to meet you Masaki Katsuhito.”replying on my best Japanese(Wow!! I 
haven’t screwed up yet,those extra classess must have payed off.). Returning my 
bow : it’s a pleasure to have you here,I hope you enjoy your stay.”and I gave me 
a really firm handshake(Damn! This guy has a !
hell of a grip for a old geezer!!). With intros done we got back to helping 
Nobiyuki move my stuff into the house. It didn’t take too long to man-handle the 
assortment of footlockers into the room they had set aside for me and I could 
only nod in approval at my quarters. Though a bit small it was well furnished 
with a desk,single bed and a couple of bookshelves ,lastly a comfortable old 
easy chair. Walking over to the window I admired the view of the lake out in 
back and the simply wonderful landscape before I turned to regard the others in 
the room. Tenchi was sitting on top of one of the footlockers “so you need any 
help unpacking Douglas?”,in the door way the little red-head waved her hand 
“I’ll help!”as her sister just stood there watching everything. “Actually I 
could use a hand,and just call me Doug,Tenchi.”pulling out a small key I tossed 
it to him. Tenchi deftly cought it (Kid has good reflexes!) then I sent two more 
whizzing at the girls,who also snagged them out of t!
he air. Pointing at Tenchi “That’s for the one your sitting on.” then directed 
the girls to their resective lockers,”Hey!!! Wait a sec I never 
volunteered...”Ryoko’s protest was silenced by the twin glares from the other 
two helpers “SO.....where do you want it?”. Forty-five minutes later nearly 
everything was in place,Tenchi and the cyan-haired girl were sitting on my bed 
checking out a couple of cases while Washu helped me set up my sound system atop 
of the bookshelves. (Got to give her credit,the kid knows her way around 
electronics.”. We were just getting the amplifier hooked up when Ryoko commented 
“Gee! You’ve got an aweful lot of CDs in here”she held up one to examine 
“AC/DC...are they any good?”looking himself Tenchi didn’t see the look of abject 
disbelief on my face. Running a finger across the assortment of cases he read 
the labels ranging from classical to hard rock,pop,and even Japanese pop,”This 
is some selection you’ve got here Doug ....looks like a bit of everyt!
hing.”,pushing the shelf back against the wall I explained there were a few 
things I never went without and my tunes were one of them,Washu “I take reading 
is one of the others?”asking as she perused the my collection of books,stopping 
at a large album of some kind “What’s this?”. She had found my photo 
album,pulling it out I showed them my pictures form highschool ,my four years in 
the Army then back home after I got out and entered college answering their 
questions as we went. One got Ryoko’s attention “What’s this one?”pointing at a 
polaroid of two girls,one tall,dark hair,wearing shades an a leather jacket with 
a clearly visible shoulder holster,the other looked to be a 15 year old blonde 
waving at the camera with a handgrenade in her other hand that was draped over 
my shoulder,I wore a long,black trenchcoat over top of my jeans and T-shirt,also 
wearing a shoulder rig a shotgun slung over one shoulder,my free arm around the 
girl and a wide brimmed fadora hat tipped back,be!
side me on the other side was an older bearded man with a cheesey stage smile 
also carring a shotgun and holding out a wanted poster.The four of us all seemed 
to be covered in a combination of dust and scorch marks as we leaned back 
against a blue cobra two door infront of a police station. There was a dangerous 
tone to her voice so I responded carefully “That’s my friend Jack...we did some 
freelance bounty hunting for extra cash. We followed a couple of real nasty 
animals up to Chicago and we teamed up with a couple of very highly recommended 
locals to nab them. Is there a problem?”. She gave me a baneful glare “You were 
a BOUNTY HUNTER?”you could feel the shear contempt in her voice. Over the link 
Washu (Ryoko! Don’t do anything stupid!!),Tenchi also had a worried look as he 
watched. I didn’t know what her beef was but I kept my tone civil “Yes!! These 
guys were strong arming old folks to sell their homes for a land developer and 
jumped bail after they got busted the first t!
ime so it’s not like they were Robin Hood and his Merry Men.”but refusing to 
sound defensive. The two of us locked eyes in a silent war of wills,and Tenchi 
could imagine the lightning flashing between us (Got to come up with a 
distraction!.....Wait?) pointing at the blonde “You mean she does that for a 
living? She’s just a little kid!”. Dragging my attention from her to the picture 
I smiled knowingly “Don’t let her appearence fool you Tenchi,she’s only a little 
youger than me and there ain’t nothing ahe can’t blow up be it a house or a 
tank,May’s the best explosives nut I know of.”then deciding to take the 
oppertunity to end the discussion I put the album away. Washu asked about the 
last locker laying onopened but I waved her off saying I could get it later,it 
was about then that we heard Ayeka’s voice call out from downstairs “Lord....I 
mean Tenchi dinner is ready!”. Everyone got up at that and I laughed at Tenchi 
who was rubbing his stomach as he headed for the door “Just in!
 time I’m starving! You’re going to love this Sasami is a great cook.” “Ahem!! 
He means she is a cook of the first magnitude.”Washu corrected waving at me to 
follow them. Sniffing the air “I can smell it from here already so with all due 
respect folks MOVE IT!!!”I drooled as the culinary aromas waffing thru the door 
set my mouth to watering. Dinner as advertised was fantastic,Sasami could have 
any two 5 star resturants knife fighting to hire her. The dinner conversation 
revolved around me taking questions from everyone ,except Ryoko,about myself. I 
was telling them how I had joined the Army hoping to get stationed in or near 
Japan,but got stuck in Germany instead for two years than stateside for my last 
two.”So I hung my sergeants strips up and started school.”. Katsuhito who had 
listening quietly asked”So what made you decide to leave the service,you seemed 
to have liked it?”setting down my glass “It was the last two years that turned 
me off,I’m kind of old fashioned in that !
the military isn’t for delivering pizza in the Sudan. I joined to defend my 
country,once we turned into meals on wheels instead of training for combat I had 
to leave,and considering how things have gone since then I’m glad I got out when 
I did.” I replied while watching the action across the table from me. Tenchi sat 
sandwiched between Ryoko and Ayeka and there had been a sub-current of something 
between the two girls thru out the meal then it started. Ryoko was trying to 
feed Tenchi a morsel,who repeatidley told her he could feed himself,but she was 
anything if not persistant. “Come on Tench....open up!!!”,”Ryoko cut it out 
would you?”he whined when anyother guy would have melted like butter at having 
their name cooed like she did,but his efforts to fend her off only increased. 
(What’s this guy’s problem??)It was then that I noticed Ayeka who had till then 
tried to ignore what was tranpiring next to her when her calm exterior cracked. 
It started with a nerveous tick at the co!
rner on her mouth,then her left eye began to twitch,I could almost see the steam 
rising from her head (I think dinner is about to get real intresting!). To my 
left Wasu just hung her head back “I knew this wouldn’t last!”sighing then Ayeka 
slammed down her chopsticks onto the table as Ryoko caressed Tenchi’s chin 
trying to get him to open up for a piece of chicken,whirling to face them her 
eyes blazing “WHAT do you think you are doing Ryoko?? Let go of him this 
instant!!” (A warning shot across the bow.). Sneering back at her,which wasn’t 
too hard with Tenchi starting to sink under the table,Ryoko retorted 
challengingly “Nothing at all Ayeka! After all it’s only natural for a woman to 
feed her MAN!” (And a full broadside in return!). The battle began in earnest as 
the two girls rolled away from the table a whirling mass of arms and legs. 
Finished eating Kasuhito and Nobiyuki got up resignidly and went about their 
business,while Sasami and Mihoshi tried to pry the battling harr!
idans apart. Tenchi wisely chose to use the opertunity to finish eating himself. 
I however sat there watching the scuffle mesmerized(Lordy is that Ryoko HOT when 
she gets fired up! Where is a mud wrestling ring when you need one?)resting my 
chin in my hands. Too bad the scene ended prematurely when someone noticed my 
not so subtle leering “HEY!!! What the HELL are you gawking at BUSTER??!!” Ryoko 
demanded pulling away from her foe, “Oops, your busted Doug!”Washu whispered as 
her sister started to advance towards me. “AH!..You actually.”I replied 
innocently which only appeared to piss her off even more. Luckily Tenchi waded 
in scolding her and Ayeka both for fighting in front me and spying Sasami 
starting to pick up the dishes opted for a judicious retreat “Here let me help 
me with that?”. “Sure!” she flashed me an adorable,cheery smile and handed me a 
stack of plates. The lecture was still going on while we worked in the 
kitchen,”That meal was fantastic,I don’t think I’ve ever!
 tasted anything so great!”the praise made her blush a bit as she dried the 
dishes as I handed them to her “I’m glad you liked it. I cook all the time since 
no one else can except Tenchi’s Dad,but I’ve never cooked for anyone from 
America.”. Scrubbing a plate I looked askance at her “No one CAN,or no 
DOES?”,”Well Washu does now and then,mostly when Little Taro is visiting and 
Mihoshi helps me alot,but..”she looked out toward the den and lowered her voice 
“My sister and Ryoko try to cook but they’re not very good at it.”. My respect 
for the little trooper went up a few level at that and it occurred to me 
“Sasami? Could you teach me to to cook Japanese cousine?”,she stopped her drying 
“Teach you to cook?”. She broke into a full giggle as I bowed to her “Please 
accept my humble request to become your student in the culinary artsSasami-
sensei?”. That got her thinking as I straightened up and she scratched her chin 
thoughtfully “Do you cook already?”,I nodded back “Mom believed in !
raising kids who could feed themselves and not live on fast food and tv 
dinners.” Her eyes lit up at that “Make you a deal! Teach me what you know and 
I’ll take you as me apprentice,what do you say?”,(That’s an offer I can’t refuse 
if I ever heard one.). The night was still young when I turned in the residual 
jetlag had cought up with me so I bid everyone goodevening and withdrew to my 
room. It seemed strange I hadn’t worn pajamas in years,but when it was explained 
there were a number of girls living here it became obvious that walking around 
in my boxers was out of the question even in my room,so we had stopped at a 
store on the way home to pick me up some sleepwear. “Well this is definately an 
intresting lot I’ve shacked up with,but all in all I think I like em!”sitting 
down on my bed I reached to kill the lamp by the bed when I heard something 
skittering around the floor. Looking around I was hoping it wasn’t a rat or 
something and found a pair of amber eyes and huge ears p!
oking out from behind my briefcase “Meeyow!” Chuckling to myself I waved to the 
her “So! You must be Ryo-oh-ki ,Sasami told me about you. Come here girl?”. The 
little animal gave an energitic “Mreow!!” and bounded across the floor and 
sprang into my lap. I sat there for awhile starring at the odd creature my right 
eyebrow climbing to my hairline “Okay!!..This has just gone WAY beyond weird.” I 
didn’t have the slightest clue what this thing was, only that she looked like a 
cross between a rabbit and a cat . Starring up at me expectantly Ryo-oh-ki 
pressed her head into my belly “Miya?”,”Hee!Hee! “scratching between her ears 
experimentaly and was rewarded immediatly with a load,buzzing purr “Well it acts 
like a cat and sounds like one!”shifting my fingers to along her spine illicited 
an even more eraptured purring “Whatever you are,you’re sure a cute little 
critter ain’t you?”. There was a knock at the door “Come in!”,the door opened to 
reveal Sasami who laughed when she saw us “!
Oh there you are Ryo-oh-ki! I’ve been looking all over for you.”. The little 
animal’s ears perked “Mreoow!!” and twisting around she sprang towards the girl 
and in three hops sat perched stop her head. Laughing at the sight of the two I 
just had to shake my head “I see that you’ve already met Ryo-oh-ki, we wanted to 
introduce her earlier but she was hiding.”,”That’s alright Sasami,I guess that 
she was just up here checking out my stuff,”I replied with a yawn. Sasami “Well 
I’d better let you get to bed,besides I’ve still got to feed her. Goodnight 
Doug!”waving she closed the door “Goodnight Sasami! You too Ryo-oh-ki!!”. 
Turning off the light *I layed down and listened to her footsteps as she walked 
away “Don’t worry Ryo-Chan,Mihoshi saved your carrots for 
you.”,”Myeow!!Mrreeooww!!”. Within her sub-space laboratory watched on a huge 
monitor as the young man sat up in bed to stare at the door “Carrots??!!”he 
asked outloud then shrugged “Carrots!”let out a sigh and fell back onto !
the mattress. She watched for a few minutes more untill he fell asleep,hitting a 
switch she killed the image as she smiked to herself “Hmmmm?”

Thus ends the first chapter in this story. The next one deals with the new 
guest’s first few days getting aquianted with the gang and they even see a 
movie. Please I’d like to here anyone’s feedback on this. For anyone wondering 
who the girls in the photo are check out Gunsmith Cats another of my favorites 
anime,warning numerous references to other anime series do pop up thru out this 
story,so a crossover somewhere in the future is looming. Till later folks Any 
feedback send to d-tarbox@yahoo.com
