Doug tarbox
d_tarbox@yahoo.com
Disclaimer:The original story and characters of Tenchi Muyo 
belong to Pioneer LCD and AIC. and VIZ COMICS. This fan fiction 
is not for gaining me a profit, as if I could be that lucky. 
However this story and the new characters introduced are mine.

No Need For The Games Gods Play
Chapter 4 The First Halloween

  Two days later we were gathered around for dinner. Sasami and I 
were chatting about our families back home as usual a lot of 
details  were left out I could tell but I wasn't pressing for 
them. " It's a almost  a pity I won't be home for Halloween this 
year, this'll be my Niece's first year being old enough to go 
Trick or Treating with the other kids." I lamented reaching for 
the pepper. Across the table Sasami paused in her eating "Doug 
what's Halloween?". Now it was my turn to pause as I noticed 
aside of the Masaki's everyone wore a blank expression on their 
face. It took a little time to explain the whole concept and 
history behind the Holiday, but once I had Sasami was bubbling 
over with enthusiasm till Tenchi mentioned they don't celebrate 
it in Japan. Mihoshi however suggested since they really hadn't 
had a welcoming party for me why not have a Halloween Party 
instead? Needles to say the idea cought on like a house on fire 
with the others and we began to lay down plans. It was decided 
that we'd have a costume contest with Dad and Gramp's as the 
judges so they wouldn't have to dress up. Tenchi and I got to 
chose our own costumes, I had one from a Society For Creative 
Anachronism festival I had attended in California on the way out 
here. The girls however went along with the youngest's suggestion 
that they draw name from a hat and chose costumes for each other. 
In retrospect Tenchi and I should have anticipated what followed. 
One week later  we all piled into the van and headed into the 
city. It was a bright sunny day as we unloaded from the vehicle 
and Tenchi and I moved off from the rest of the gang. Pulling the 
list from his pocket he read it warily "This isn't good!" then 
handed it to me. Taking a look I muttered "No DAMN kidding it 
ain't!! Should have KNOWN this would happen." glancing back 
towards the girls we both saw two of them evilly grinning at each 
other. Then an idea hit me "Wait?? I've got it!! Let's split up 
the list and go hit separate stores?", agreeing readily he tore 
off half the list and handed it to me. Taking a close look at who 
I had and what they had to wear I got a puzzled look which Tenchi 
seeing just shrugged "Mihoshi picked that one..don't ask me to 
explain it? It's a long and confusing story that'd only give you 
a migraine.", "I take your word on that Tenchi.". That done we 
returned to the group and split up with our charges. I got the 
Jurai sisters a few blocks away before I showed them what their 
costumes would be. "I have to dress up as a WHAT???" Ayeka 
yelled at the top of her lungs, oblivious to the people starring 
at her all around, her sister tried to calm her down to no avail 
"AYEKA?? People are looking at us!!" while I rubbed my temples 
"I feel an aneurysm coming on!". Ayeka was still in full rant 
"And DON"T THINK I don't know WHO was behind this!!!! It was 
that EVIL, MALICIOUS, VINDICTIVE RYOKO!!!!!!" Only she would try 
and humiliate me in front of Tenchi like this 
that...etc..etc..". Luckily for me inspiration struck before the 
aneurysm did "Wait a sec Ayeka? I've got a solution for you." 
that got her attention finally "What exactly do you have in mind 
Mr. Tarbox?" calm all of a sudden. Wondering when she'd use my 
first name for a change I took her and Sasami by the arm leading 
in the direction of the address I had pulled from the phonebook 
"It's simple really! There are all kinds of different 
possibilities, given the numerous cultural depiction's of them 
Ayeka and naturally you've seen some of the Anime that Mihoshi 
watches haven't you?". The older girl chewed on her thumb for a 
moment and you could see the devious wheels turning in her mind 
"Hmmmm!! I believe I'm beginning to see your point." her reply 
came along with the first genuine none polite smile I had gotten 
 since my arrival.  A couple of hours later we regrouped at a 
small diner for lunch, I had thought the trip was over but turned 
out we had one stop left on the list for the party. Not having a 
clue I just followed along behind as they marched into what 
turned out to be a music store.  From the way they made a bee 
line through the isles they had been to this one before (Hmmph!! 
I wouldn't have thought they'd have any Halloween music here?) 
thinking to myself. Then Mihoshis pointed excitedly at a isle 
"OH!! There it is everyone!!" my eyes followed her finger and 
"Oh...MY....GOD!!!..NOT THAT??" I whispered in horror. October 
31st. Night had fallen and the den was decorated with cob-webs, 
jack-o-lateens and paper cut-outs of witches on broomsticks and 
ghosts. Near the kitchen a large table stood covered with food 
and a huge punch bowl. On the center couch sat Gramps and 
Nobiyuki who was impatiently checking his watch "What's keeping 
them Father?" peering around "I'd have thought they'd be ready 
by now.". Gramps merely afforded him a admonishing glare 
"Patience Nobiyuki!!! Those things waited for are that much the 
better." then took a sip of the punch, his eyes shot up to his 
hairline and a small gasp escaped his lips (No WONDER Washu spent 
so much time on the punch!!).  Almost on cue voices sounding out 
from around the house (All set Gramps!!", (I'm ready!!), 
"MIYAAAA!!", "Let's get this show on the road already!!", 
"Ahem!..I am also ready." then "ABOUT TIME!! You girls took 
forever." and the chorus replied "You should TALK!!!". So with 
the evening festivities began with Sasami being first up along 
with Ryo-oh-ki popping out of the kitchen. I had not the 
slightest clue what she was until she announced herself as Pretty 
Sammy The Magical Girl and her faithful mascot Ryo-oh-ki. Have to 
admit she looked cute in that odd little outfit which seemed just 
like something our blonde would pick out for her. Next out was 
Mihoshi dressed up as a Meter Maid, well that's one Policewoman 
who could write me all the tickets she wanted to. Nobiyuki agreed 
seeing how Gramps had to hold him back from asking to be stripped 
searched for concealed weapons.  No sooner had that dies down 
when Washu stepped out from her closet/room (Does she sleep 
standing up??) done up as a mad scientist (Go figure!) complete 
with frizzed hair, oversized glasses and scorched labcoat.  
Tenchi descended from upstairs resplendent as a fuedal samurai, 
the costume suites him even if he looked a bit nervous in it. I 
followed dressed as a Medieval adventurer, hooded brown 
cloak,leather tunic and breeches along with a wide leather belt 
to carry my sword and scabbard on.  We all paraded around for a 
few minutes to let the Judges get a good look then it was Ryoko's 
turn. It was inevitable that those two would draw each other's 
names from the hat and so Ayeka had insisted that Ryoko dress up 
as what she always claimed she was......a Demon. Well in this 
case a Succubus was more like it and Heaven help us if she wasn't 
a sight to tempt any man's soul. She sauntered in wearing a one 
piece crimson outfit that had to have been sprayed on from an 
aerosol can, complete with black wings and red tail and horns. 
All the men in the room and Tenchi were speechless as she slowly 
spun around to display her wares for the judges, flashing us a 
sexy smile and a cat like purr. (DAMN!!!! She's got fangs too!!) 
From the whistles that after a sec broke out around me I knew I 
wasn't the only guy present who wouldn't have gladly sold his 
soul right there and then. Last to appear but certainly not least 
was Ayeka and even though I had been there in the store when she 
chose her outfit not even I was prepared for it. The outfit was 
of a witch ...but one of your beautiful , dark sorceress types no 
Hag by a mile was this. A black leather corset and shorts (My 
aren't those tight??), knee boots, elbow length gloves along with 
a billowing black cape made her a vision of evil beauty....then 
there were her ...accessories! Tenchi's eyes were fearfully glued 
onto the riding crop and cat-o-nine tails hanging from her hip (I 
bet theres a story behind those little trinkets!!) that voice 
chuckled in my head. Anyway as soon as she and Ryoko saw each 
other they started to fume at seeing how they had outsmarted one 
another, but had to stop as the next part of the contests rolled 
around. Yes!! The moment I had dread was upon me as they wheeled 
out the...........karaoke machine. Once again this suggestion had 
apparently come from Sasami who had noticed my marked absences 
from the families little singing get togethers, a singing contest 
was included along with the costumes. Seeing as how the party was 
for me there was no escape so reinforcing my courage with a few 
glasses of punch I steeled myself for what lay ahead. Everyone 
was required to sing at least one solo and one duet and by the 
time the machine was set up ,glass number...? ...my fears had 
turned to guarded enthusiasm. The girls did their numbers first 
and as it turned out the visit to the music store had been to 
aquifer music familiar to the guest of honor and it was well 
worth it. I nearly dies laughing as Ayeka sang "Nobody Does It 
Better." to a wide eyed Tenchi then watching as he fainted away 
at Ryoko's rendition of "I Touch Myself." though I will say 
that girl has a real way about handling a microphone though. 
Another drink down the hatch then it was my turn after Mihoshi 
and without all that much prodding I hopped up throwing myself 
into "The Piano Man" followed by "You've Lost that Loving 
Feeling." with Tenchi as backup. Now the duets were all supposed 
to be random but as soon as Washu was announced as my official 
partner I thought something maybe up. When I noted that she 
already had music loaded and lyric sheets in hand I knew that the 
fix was in but what was i going to do anyway? "Oh hell!! Why 
not?" I decided as she handed me the sheet grinning sweetly 
"I'm SURE that you know the words to this one since I've heard 
you sing it a few times in the shower already.". Eyes going to 
read the lyrics then just rolled up at the ceiling "Should have 
KNOWN!! Last time I EVER sing in the shower." then hearing the 
music start just figured (Might as well enjoy it I suppose?) so 
striking a singing pose looked into the emerald eye's "I know 
it's late....I know your weary.....I know your plans don't 
include me.". Once everyone had finished our two judges 
conversed amongst them selves for awhile then announced their 
decisions. Sasami won first prize in the costume contest and 
considering the potential fall out of choosing either the Devil 
Incarnate or the Dark Queen of Domination it was a VERY prudent 
move indeed. Ryoko won the singles vocals handsdown and to my 
utter dismay Washu and I won the duets with Ryoko and Ayeka a 
close second.  I literally was squirming as they explained in 
detail how they had come to their decision based on the greater 
level of intense emotions from the two of us and with a great 
deal of relief welcomed the call for everyone to hit the 
refreshments. Standing at the buffet table with Washu latched to 
one arm I was reaching for a cookie when I was tapped on the 
shoulder and turning to see who it was smiled as I asked "Yes my 
DARK MISTRESS??" Ayeka giggled at my reply "Tee..hee.Douglas I 
wished to thank you for your advice concerning my costume." 
"Your welcome Ayeka..it was no trouble at all glad I could help 
out.". She nodded then got a look of feigned indignation "But 
did you have to constantly pelt me with handpillows?" to which I 
answered "It was the ONLY way to get you to shut up during 
Ryoko's number..besides I did keep her quiet while you were 
singing didn't I?". Laughing at the sight of me with a hand 
clamped over the pirate's mouth in her mind she nodded "Yes you 
are correct Douglas how could I forget THAT? Anyway thank you 
again and...huh?" seeing Ryoko crawling all over a protesting 
Tenchi she excused herself to go pull her off. Watching the scene 
I  mussed "She didn't call me Mr. Tarbox!!....hmmph..guess 
that's one hatchet buried?" Washu finishing a sip of her punch 
smirked "And not in the back of you HEAD either no less!!" then 
pulling me towards the couches "Come on it's time for the GHOST 
STORIES." An hour later the house was dark save for the light of 
a single candle, the only sounds were the terrified gasps from 
the girls and Mihoshi's constant sighs as she passed out and that 
of the story tellers. It was Tenchi's turn after Gramps and I had 
already frightened them all between his assortment of local folk 
tales and my camp fire stories. I was sitting on the smaller 
couch listening intently when Washu was beside me whispering in 
my ear "Hey Doug....my Sister wants to talk to you...out in the 
foyer..alone." That got my attention "What?? She does??" 
turning back to see the other couch sure enough Ryoko had 
vanished from Tenchi's side. Thinking this was sort of odd I got 
up none the less and started to walk away when Washu pressed a 
fresh glass into my hand "Thought you could use a refill 
Doug!!" she explained with a smile and I patted her thankfully 
on the shoulder as I headed off. (She's been on pretty good 
behavior so far..darn thoughtful of her too!) draining the cup 
(Course she could just be trying to get me drunk...NYAAHHHH!!). 
Actually I was a bit tipsy at that point so naturally I didn't 
notice the shadow following me (Hmmmmm!! That's odd I don't 
recall there being any.....) she trailed behind him counting to 
herself (4...3....2...1....0) "Hic!!" his eyes rolled up into 
his head and he fell backwards into her waiting arms "Ufffff!! 
He's heavier then I thought!" Washu whispered to herself as she 
started dragging him. Not more then 10 seconds later Ryoko walked 
back into the room from the foyer (He's not in the Foyer!!) 
casting about the room (This must be one of Washu's stupid 
pranks!!) she didn't notice the pair of booted feet disappearing 
into the open closet door so she simply returned to her seat and 
peeled Ayeka off Tenchi.
There is a place in Washu's Lab dark, crammed with arcane 
instruments, a place that Tenchi still wakes covered in sweat in 
the middle of the night remembering, within this remote area long 
after the end of the party outside that Washu sat upon her 
floating pillow hard at work on her computer. Leaning back to 
stretch her she stiffled a yawn with back of her hand then rolled 
her head to work out the kinks in her neck before returning to 
her work. Humming she typed in a few commands then sat back to 
watch as the various programs ran their courses "My..my..not 
exactly you typical Earth Human are you?", two chimes announced 
the completion of the scans of her subjects.  A diagram of  a 
sword came up on screen and Washu drew closer to read the 
scrolling data around it "Hmmph?? Now that's intresting..Spain 
Huh?" CLICK another diagram came up a complete 
Bio/Molecular/Dimensional display of him appeared 
"Nope..definately more here then meets the eye...what's this?" 
she asked aloud at seeing an empty  data column. That intrigued 
her..she new the scanner was fine but  she ran a diagnostic 
anyway and the computer replied the instrument was in optimal 
operating condition. She brought up a pair of more powerful 
scanner arrays and watched as they ran another full series of 
scans on the object in question...still nothing "Now where have 
I seen that before?"Washu muttered rhetorically then hoped off 
her cushion. "Well I've gotten more questions then answers so 
far....and I can't try anything more intrusive as far as testing 
goes." pacing around as she talked aloud she checked her watch 
and frowned at the late hour "I should get him back up to his 
room....he'll be awake in a bit but......why waste the 
opportunity??". From the shadows she watched the young man begin 
to wake up, it didn't take him long to notice that he was mostly 
undressed and restrained  as he struggled against them for a few 
moments. For a brief moment (Very brief) a look of guilt stole 
across Washu (I guess I am taking advantage of the poor boy 
but..) looking him over again as he struggled an evil grin 
replaced it (He is cute in restraints!!! And it would be such a 
waste since Tenchi hasn't let me examine him in ages.) "Huh?? 
....Where..where am I?" hearing his voice she chuckled loud 
enough for her to be heard "Who's there?" he called out still 
testing his bonds (MY..what nice muscle tone you have there!!) 
then she spoke "Why it's just little Ole Me!!!". He turned his 
head towards the voice "Washu?" and ceased fighting as he 
squinted at her "What's ..what's going on here?". A snap of her 
fingers and her clothes shifted to a outfit Techi would run 
screaming from "He.he..he..he Oh your just having a dream...or 
perhaps a FANTASY??" she called out in a low voice. In a blink 
he was trying to get loose again and Washu frowned again as she 
recalled his earlier reactions to her flirting with him "Foregot 
about that pedophile hangup of his....he!! thats taken care of 
easily enough!". Doug had worn himself out a bit and just hung 
there in the shackles "Great..now what?" he muttered the heard 
her again but her voice was MUCH lower and there was a seductive 
undertone to it that made it that sultry voice he remembered 
hearing on the phone in the hotel `Why we're going to play Doctor 
of course Doug!! You see I need a physical specimen from you the 
...requires your cooperation." she giggled as he eyes widened in 
shock "Couldn't..couldn't you just stick me in the bathroom with 
one of Nobiyuki's magazines he keeps on the top shelves of the 
library??" he asked sweat running down his face now. "I could 
but....you see.."stepping out into the light so he could see her 
finally as she snapped on her rubber gloves "I prefer a hands on 
approach..and I think you will too." His reply was a loud wolf 
whistle then "Hello NURSE!!!!!"

There another one in the can thank God!!! Thanks for the feed 
back from those of you who wrote me about the previous chapters 
and as always any future opinions or suggestions will be 
appreciated. Chapter 5 is written so just have to type it out on 
the computer, all sorts of things are revealed so stay tuned.
 

 
 




