DISCLAIMER: Tenchi and Co. does not belong to one such as I- they are the
rightful characters of the infamous Pioneer and AIC.  BUT! [You always have 
to
put your two cents in, don't you?] The story line and the original 
characters
belong to me and are the text copyright of Evileyez, 1998 .o0O(Ugh, I hate
saying that...).  Oh, and someone *please* educate me on why our English
vocabulary likes to confuse us by giving us words such as "infamous" and
"priceless"?  They are supposed to be high praising of things but with a 
word
such as "priceless" would lead another to believe that- *rants on*
Morwen: Evil, come pack to the path my little sheep!  Come back!
Evil: *Anthy-esque* Baa, Baa.


No Need for the Loves of Heaven and Earth! Chapter 2: Meetings


By: Evileyez [BTW, my e-mail is evileyez8@hotmail.com...]





	(Back then I thought my world would be changed forever, it actually did,
but not in the way that it would come to mean later on...)

*****

	Shinosuke sat on the edge of his bed gasping, sweat beading on his
forehead.  He was grasping his right hand with his left.  (It- it 
burns...wha-
what is going on?)O0o. he thought, looking through the window at the 
shooting
star jetting across the deep blue sky.  With the screaming silence of night
echoing throughout the room, did he stay there for a moment and thought.
*****
"I swear... not to leave Jurai *in the near future* "
*****
It was then the realization came.

	Looking down at his ring- his eyes hidden in the shadows, did he whisper,
"Very well, Princess, I see how it is," as the red glow faded from the ring.

*****

	(Heh, ...yes it was difficult, yet afterwards I was too busy with the
specialization training to think about it much...so busy.  In retaliation 
for
what she had done to me, I threw right back at her face... but it was my 
dream
back then...wasn't it?)

*****
	"Shinosuke...I have a way out for you- will you take it?  It will be
difficult but as I'm required to own at least one, will you become my 
Guardian?"

	"...yes."
*****

	"Must you continue this eternal monologue of yours, Lord?" whispered an
exasperated voice from the corner of the dark bridge on the ship.

	*sweatdrop* "Wha- I was thinking that loud?"

	"Lord, you forget that our minds have become linked.  I am able to hear
you quite well," somehow her voice hinted a smile of amusement.

	"Adrianna, err...can you please stop calling me 'Lord'?  It's so old-
fashioned..." trailed Shinosuke, rubbing the back of his head nervously.

	"...I will try, Lord," was her reply.

	*sigh* (Why do I even bother with her...?)O0o. he thought.

	{This mind of mine heard what you did speak}O0o. echoed a voice in the
back of his head.o0O{Be careful of what you think, for until you are able to
create a proper wall between us two, your thoughts will fly through our 
link.}

	"Eh heh heh heh...," he said nervously as he listened to Adrianna speak in
the Old Way, an archaic form of the language of Jurai.

	Adrianna.  She became Shinosuke's partner after completing the dangerous
Test.  It turns out that she became a Guardian *many* years earlier, some 
years
before the First Empress of Jurai came to be.  Because it is customary to
provide one with a pair of Guardian's, Adrianna had been odd one out [she
completed training right when the AI Guardian's came about] and had been 
kept in
stasis for the time when her services would be required.

	Adrianna- she had the light blonde hair with highlights of oranges and
light reds untypical with people of her House.  Even in the dimly lit room 
did
her hair shine and sparkle with a shake of her head or a twist of her body.  
Two
small groups of hair had been bound in the front, one on each side of her 
head,
the rest trailed down in a golden river down her back and was kept in place 
by
many tiny sparkling circlets.  She had an obvious hourglass figure, even in 
the
many robes she wore, and her face was of delicate structure.  But it wasn't 
her
hair, her figure, nor her face in general that would catch his 
attentions...no,
it was those *eyes* of hers.  They weren't that large in reality, but they
seemed so enormous on her face, so filled with hidden emotions.  Her eyes 
were
deep blue with pink and purple highlights interwoven throughout- like a sky
during the sunset.  To him, it looked as if the blue of her eyes were trying 
to
keep in her secrets- so mysterious did Adrianna seem to the young Guardian.

	"I want to know something Adrianna," he began.

	"What is it that you ask, Lord?"

	"So enlighten me, if what I heard is correct, and you are of Noble House
Suzaku- why were you given such an odd name?" questioned Shinosuke.

	"..." Adrianna remained silent.

	"Someone once told me that your name is usually used for girls of fair
skin with dark hair and- is it because of your eyes*?  Is that the meaning
behind the name?"

	She remained silent for awhile- as if thinking about answering that, and
when Shinosuke did not press any further did she answer his questions.  Yet 
to
him it seemed that the answers were questions in themselves and did not help 
him
any with his curiosity about his mysterious partner.

	"...I suppose they thought that my eyes were like one of a banshee or
witch, back then many of the Old Ones still believed in such things and my
parents thought mine own to be queer as they themselves were of 
superstitious
nature.  If that reason was correct, would you think me to be less 
'mysterious',
Lord?"

*NOTE: Shinosuke has never seen a person of the Byakko House to have such 
eyes-
they are typically red or maroon.  Their hair color ranges from deep blue to
aqua to dark blonde- not the way hers looks like.  The eyes of Adrianna are 
ones
typical of House of Seiryuu.  Noble House Byakko is the House of Empress 
Misaki
and rumored to be the 'favored' of Tsunami- they seem to resemble her the 
most
according to the ancient legends.

	"Wha-?!" Shinosuke cried out surprised.o0O(Oh yeah, that's what I was
thinking, so of *course* she knew- how old *is* she to have parents who 
believed
in the archaic superstitions?  Those people died out long before I even 
born!)

	{Yes...the 'Archaic Way' is no longer believed in.  People like my
parents...people who knew me would no longer be alive- even with the Life 
Water}

	Adrianna's presence in Shinosuke's mind faded .o0O( Ahh, she put up a
mental barrier between us, now I can think normal! ^o^;;)  But what he 
didn't
understand was the sad yet somehow smug feeling he felt emanating from her 
when
she finished speaking to him.  It was as if when she was saying that there 
was
no one left of her blood that she was sad, but he distinctly felt the "Ha! 
Now
how can you verify my story- hmm?" that made him think twice about what she 
told
him.  (Maybe I'm just paranoid- I mean, she probably put up the barrier cuz' 
she
was sick of hearing my mind in hers, hell- I'd probably strangle myself if I 
had
to constantly hear myself think!)O0o. he sighed and went back to his 
'internal
monologue' moments that wouldn't want to share with others. [No peoples, get
your mind out of the gutter- *glares at Morwen*]

	Completely bored, Shinosuke had shifted his body position on top of his
'bed' once every five minutes when light from the hallway suddenly poured 
into
the dark room- a silhouetted figure was standing in the doorway.

	"Restless Shinosuke?" asked the figure mildly.

	It was the one Shinosuke was to protect, even though he knew that his Lord
did not need it; for he was one of the best fighters the Royal Guard ever 
knew-
so Shinosuke knew that this position was either political or ceremonial, 
with
his bets on the latter.

	His name was Mitsuru of House Seiryuu.  Shinosuke knew that he was of same
blood more or less, but he never knew exactly *how* .  It was said that 
Mitsuru
was the cousin to Shinosuke's grandfather, yet whenever he asked others, a 
real
answer was never given- only "He is of your blood". He owned raven-black 
hair
that glistened various blues in the light with equally beautiful eyes to 
match
that was a telltale sign of his noble House.  He had a slender, though well-
built body structure of a man in his prime, but his eyes betrayed his age.  
They
had the look of one who has been through much and gleamed with the 
intelligence
of one who came from the former Royal Space Academy of Jurai*. The strangest
thing was the fact that he was well over 15 millennia and looked not a day 
over
twenty-five. Emperor Azusa was a total of 8, however, the signs of age were
already apparent on his skin; even with the long lifespan bestowed upon 
Jurai
with the gift of Life Water, Mitsuru should have looked like a man who was 
into
his middle or even late years in life.

*NOTE: The Royal Space Academy of Jurai no longer exists; instead, it 
separated
from Jurai's hold around 20 millennia ago and relocated itself to a neutral 
zone
to increase the school's diversity of species.  It is now just known as the
Space Academy.

	"Shinosuke," Mitsuru smiled, "we are almost there- don't get so anxious."

	"But how could we when-" began Shinosuke.

	"Lord Shinosuke!" spoke Adrianna reprimandingly at her partner, "It is not
our place to question what our master speaks-"

	"That is all right Adrianna, he's still young, let him ask me whatever
comes to mind," he interrupted the woman who's head now hung to the floor, 
"And
don't be so harsh on yourself, lady, I'm not a god.  So don't be so sad, ok?
There, there," he lifted her off of the floor where she had been sitting on
previously, "I hate seeing a damsel in distress- even if she is a guardian."

	Adrianna smiled faintly, her cheeks tinged pink, "Forgive me my lord, for
aggravating you with my flaws."

	"Ah, lady, don't be so formal with me!  Jeez, if I didn't know any better,
I'd think you to be an old friend of mine!"

	"Friend?" Adrianna asked, her eyes widening- showing off more hues of pink
and purple.

(I knew it!  She likes the guy- how'd I ever guess...man, she's even 
*blushing*
in front of him.  Whoa...is it just me, or does she even look sad?  Ahh, 
maybe
its because of FORBIDDEN LOVE!  A couple destined to be apart!)
*****
"*giggling* You always act so macho- but you're such a romantic Shin!"
*****
(Humph, I'm not, you just always had to look so deeply into things- that's 
all!)

	"Lord, how do you fare- are you ill?"

	"Shin, you feeling ok?  You look like you're A) going to cry, B) going to
explode, C)going into seizures, or D) all of the above."

	Shinosuke stared back at the pair staring at him strangely and did what he
had to do: He rubbed the back of his head with his hand and laughed 
nervously.
*sweatdrop*

After standing there for quite some time, they all got back to business 
matters.

	"Now both of you, do you remember the plan of action- our mission?"

	"Yes-"

	"Not really."

	"*sigh* It goes like this-" said Mitsuru as he retold Shinosuke the plan.


End Chapter Three


Evileyez: *rolls up sleeves* There!  I'm finally finished with this chapter! 
So
	    what if my fingers are all numb from the freezing cold in this room
	    and I beginning to think that I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome- I
	    finished the chapter!
Person: Wow, that's very good, and here I thought you'd at least leave for a 
bit
	  to go get that precious jacket of yours.
Evileyez: AHHHHHHHHH! *look of horror* M-Mal! Umm...what're you doing here 
of
	    all places? *plastered smile*
SailorMal: To bother you of course... I was kinda hoping that you'd leave 
the
	     room for a bit, though...
Evileyez: How'd you get in here?!  I thought I left you in the dark room 
where
there were two spotlights that were Astro's and my favorite two colors of 
blue.
The very same room where the two of us talked about the first two parts of 
the-
SailorMal: *sweatdrops* Well don't underestimate the power of your mind!
Evileyez: What?
SailorMal: To put it bluntly, I came here, put the thermostat settings down 
a
     couple numbers down...
Evileyez: *looks at the thermostat* A couple?!?! You put it down by 
*fifteen*
    degrees!  That is *not* a 'couple' of degrees!
SailorMal: You don't have to be so mad...[I only wanted to make you leave so 
I
     could "revise" your story...]
Evileyez: *twitch, twitch* Did you just say what I think you said?
SailorMal: *sweatbeads* Of course not! ^_^* I just- AAAHHH! Sorry!  I'm 
sorry!

	Mal is interrupted by a psychotically cackling Evil who is running towards
the thermostat where Mal stands with a gleaming butcher knife {pronounced K-
nife}.  Thus begins the pursuit of the strange screams of Mal who is being
chased by the psychotically laughing Evil.

Morwen: Please excuse the interruption as
Astrophe: there seems to be some 'technical difficulties' on this monitor.
Morwen: Just push on the 'back' button on your Internet browser and
Astrophe: we hope you enjoyed this fanfic as much as I ...did?
Morwen: *blink, blink*
Astrophe: *picks up a hammer* She won't get away with this!

	An eerily glowing Astro then starts to jog after the psychotically
cackling Evil who had been chasing the strangely screaming Mal.  
Accidentally
knocking over an entirely confused Morwen, Astro ran without knowing of the
"accident".   Thus begins the run of an eerily glowing Astro jogging after 
the
psychotically cackling Evil, chasing the strangely screaming Mal.

Morwen: Hey that hurt! Why I-

	Now just *bit* mad, the entirely confused Morwen pulls out a handy
dimensional dueling sword [a rapier to be exact- a.k.a. Sword of Dios] and
begins to run after the eerily glowing Astro that is jogging after the
psychotically cackling Evil, who still chases after the strangely screaming 
Mal.
Now, thus begins the marathon of the entirely confused Morwen who runs- 
trying
to "poke" with the Sword the eerily glowing Astro that's just trying to 
"tap",
with the hammer, a psychotically laughing Evil that just wanted to "chase", 
with
a butcher knife, a strangely screaming Mal who has been screaming, "The 
End".

And it truly is- 'The End'.


