
Credits: Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of  Pioneer/AIC. 
As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this fiction other 
than my own enjoyment, because the thought of getting sued is rather 
unpleasant.

Mr. Long T. Tran for his "Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Prologue" 
story line, parts one, two, and three, and the characters created 
therein.  His fiction can be found at GenSao's excellent Tenchi Muyo 
Fan Fiction Page: 
http://members.xoom.com/gensao/ 

Mr. Brett "Darkwind" Handy for his fan-fiction writing style 
influence.  His "Ah-My Goddess!"  spin-offs are great reading, and 
can be found at http://www.starvision.net/anime/
 
Disclaimer:  All characters *I* have created are purely a work of fiction.  Any
resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.  Anyone
who thinks otherwise is probably just itching for a fight.  Also, please
do not try and distribute this story in some lame attempt to make a 
buck;  it would be bad karma to say the least.

Email appreciated!
Send comments to Michael McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
http://www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/





				Tenchi Muyo!
			    "No Need For Sasami"

		      A Fan-Fiction by Michael McAvoy


	Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, and I -
	I took the road less traveled by,
	And it has made all the difference.
					-- Robert Frost

	The road less traveled by is probably that way for a reason.
					-- Anonymous



			     -* Chapter Two *-


	Did I mention that I am somewhat newly independently wealthy?  
Well, regardless of my current financial worth, I still fret a lot over how I 
spend my money.  Being the product of my parents that I am, I was instilled 
with a "save now, play later" philosophy from an early age.  As a result, I tend 
to be somewhat thrifty when I can help it.  I am not one of those types who 
will drive twenty miles to save fifteen cents, but I am close.  I even still clip 
coupons on Sundays before I go to the grocery store;  I figure that little habits 
like that will allow me to 'play' longer.  

	So, with this in mind, I was somewhat in shock over the costs of 
items in Japan.  I can use hotels as a perfect example:  if you've ever driven 
across the United States of America, you are aware that for about thirty five to 
forty dollars, you can get a decent and clean hotel room in just about any town, 
no matter how far off the beaten path you are.  If you are looking for a little 
more comfort, you can spend about sixty dollars and get a fairly plush room 
for an evening from a host of hotel chains out there.  And if you are a really 
big spender, one hundred dollars or more will get you something of the resort 
nature quite easily.  In Japan, it's a bit different.  For example, I was spending 
the equivalent of about sixty U.S. dollars a night to sleep in a Spartan Japanese 
equivalent of a European youth hostel.  Anything even remotely more lavish 
would quickly have run me into the two hundred dollar range per night.  
Similarly extrapolate price increases to everything else in Japan, and you get a 
pretty fair picture of the cost of living here.

	Then again, I did not come to Japan to critique the economic 
differences from what I was used to.  Actually, I was not exactly sure why I 
came to Japan.  My official excuse was as I had explained to the lady in the 
airport;  I simply was a tourist exploring a country for a few weeks.  Observing 
my rather non-detailed schedule of things to see, however, I quickly realized 
that most of my destinations were old temples, shrines, and other natural or 
historic sights, some well off the beaten trail.  I had allowed for a few days of 
rest in Tokyo, mainly to reset my internal clock and recoup from the stresses of 
air travel.  I *was* terribly interested to see what a mega-city like Tokyo 
would be like, and I was not disappointed at all.  In fact, how a city so large 
can keep its streets so clean mystified me entirely.

	However, I knew from the day I started planning my trip, I really 
wanted to see outside the big cities and explore the smaller towns and country 
side places.  Perhaps this was to enjoy a bit of travel that was quiet 
enough to let me do some inner searching of myself, away from the brightly lit 
distractions that cities offer.  At any rate, three days was enough to get my 
mind and body as one again and head out of Tokyo for the lesser populated 
areas.

	Heading anywhere in Japan usually means traveling by train or bus 
for foreigners and natives alike.  After all, city traffic is very congested, 
renting a car is *very* expensive, and trying to understand traffic signs is all 
but impossible if you can not read kanji.  Traveling by train and bus was much 
safer, I concluded, for both myself and the unfortunate motorist I would have 
probably ended up plowing into had I decided to rent a vehicle.

	I wound up purchasing a special, multi-use, extended duration train 
pass while I was still in America.  For some reason the pass had to be 
purchased before I came to Japan, but once I started using it, I could not deny 
the practicality of train travel here.  It was somewhat crowded while I was still 
in the city, but gained more elbow room as the train got away from Tokyo.

	A note of advice that I received from a frequent traveler to Japan:  
never, ever, under any circumstances, travel by train in Japan during national 
holidays, especially at the New Year.  Everyone in Japan who can closes up 
shop and travels by train somewhere for the holidays.  I can not vouch for how 
hectic it really is, but to hear it described, you would think people must be 
stacked in on each other length wise to accommodate all the holiday travelers.

	At any rate, this was *not* one of those times, thankfully, and I was 
making good progress out of the city.  By late afternoon I had departed the 
train at one of the more 'remote' stations, and had eventually caught a bus to a 
smaller town some forty miles further away.  I departed the bus at a town 
station, and proceeded to locate a tiny inn I knew to be in the area.  Actually, I 
had made reservations at this tiny traditional looking inn weeks before.  As 
small as this little operation was, they had their own English translated web 
page describing how wonderful it was to stay there.  I wondered if I was the 
first foreigner ever to have made use of it.  Maybe the owner was just a big fan 
of the Internet and made the page more for personal fun than anything else.  I 
never bothered to find out.

	Making my way through the town, it took about forty five minutes to 
walk to the inn, toting my suitcase and backpack, but I managed to make it 
before the sun went down.  Heading up the walkway to the inn, all the classic 
Japanese goldfish pools and tiny gardens surrounding the building were just as 
the web page had promised.  Actually, the inn looked quite a bit larger on the 
Web than in real life, but John Wayne had a similar quality with regards to his 
apparent height in movies, so I figured it probably did not matter much in the 
grand scheme of things.  Ignoring yet another in a series of little protests from 
a muscle in my lower back,  I shuffled up to the inn's front door and went 
inside for the evening.

				*	*	*


	Ryoko was known to have, on occasion, something of a short 
attention span.  In fact, she would be the first to admit that anything shiny, 
unusual, or having the slightest hint excitement would be enough to instantly 
yank her away from just about anything else she might be engaged in at the 
time.  While marriage, motherhood, and reincarnation and definitely had a 
mellowing effect on her personality, Ryoko's eyes still frequently shone with a 
feral gleam on a regular basis whenever she felt a particular itch to satisfy 
some curiosity or agenda that intrigued her.

	That was why the onetime pirate/demon was moving about the 
kitchen just before lunch time with a look of calculated purpose on her face.  
Opening and closing numerous drawers, cabinets, and even the refrigerator 
several times, Ryoko proceeded to pack a decent sized wicker basket filled 
with food and drink.  Outside, the sun was bright overhead, with plenty of 
fluffy clouds broken across the sky to keep the day from being uncomfortably 
hot.  Ryoko stopped by the sink, leaned forward, and peered through the 
curtains outside.

	'Perfect,' she thought, 'this couldn't get any better if I had Washu 
generating the weather for me.'

	Thinking of her mother brought Ryoko up short, lips pursed.

	'It might not be a bad idea to bring Washu along,' she mused to 
herself.  'Certainly, if this is going to work, Washu could be invaluable as 
help.'

	The more she thought about it, the more the notion appealed to her.  
Ryoko looked over her shoulder from the sink to see her husband walk inside 
with a bushel full of carrots, a glassy-eyed Ryo-ohki trailing hot on his heels.  
Tenchi set the carrots down on a counter and eyed the wicker basket with a 
smile.

	"Here're the carrots you asked for.  That picnic basket looks like a 
wonderful way to spend an afternoon," he said, looking outside.  "Where are 
we spending it?"

	"*We* aren't spending it anywhere," Ryoko replied primly.  "This is 
for Sasami, so she will hopefully climb out of whatever has been bothering her 
this past week."

	"Oh," said Tenchi thoughtfully.  "I didn't realize she hadn't been 
feeling well lately."

	Ryoko turned and walked up to him.

	"That's okay, Tenchi," Ryoko purred, patting him on the cheek, 
"you've had good reason to be distracted these past few days, haven't you?"

	Tenchi turned a shade of red and raised his face towards the ceiling, 
scratching his chin in embarrassment.  "Uh- yeah... so what do you want me 
to do with these carrots?"

	Ryoko leaned down and lifted up a carrot by one end, looking at Ryo-
ohki who was firmly attached to the other half.

	"I want you to take *this* carrot fiend up to the shrine and make sure 
she's fully occupied for the next few hours."  She eyed the cabbit.  "This is a 
girls' afternoon out, so to speak, and I don't want Ryo-ohki interrupting things 
by encouraging Sasami to head off somewhere before we've had our little 
talk."

	Tenchi sighed, hefting up the bushel of carrots, "All right, then, I'll 
see what I can do."

	Ryoko phased out of sight and reappeared behind Tenchi, her feet not 
touching the floor.  Her arms snaked around his shoulders and neck.

	"Don't think I won't be sure to reward you handsomely for this later, 
my prince," she crooned in her low voice.

	Ryoko let go of Tenchi, settled her feet back to the floor, and watched 
with a gleaming satisfaction as her husband teetered in a dazed manner out the 
kitchen door with Ryo-ohki in tow.

	"Aaaahhhhh!" exclaimed Ryoko, stretching her arms upwards while 
entertaining a number of pleasant scenarios of just how best to 'reward' her 
husband.  She brought her arms down and crossed them, her brow scrunching 
up thoughtfully.

	'Guess I should see if Washu is up to a double team effort.'

	Ryoko blurred out of the kitchen and reappeared beside the hall closet 
door, the entrance to Washu's dimensional laboratory.  Not stopping to open 
the door, Ryoko slid right through it, disappearing from the hallway.

				*	*	*


	Melancholy is a state of mind that self-perpetuates with ease, if 
allowed to run unchecked through a time of crisis or low self-esteem.  Without 
much extra effort, a 'blue funk' can quickly lead to self-pity, an emotion that 
can be surprisingly comforting for a while.  As a result, people who engage in 
such thoughts tend to view picking themselves out of such depressions with 
some distaste, because of the incredible effort doing so sometimes requires.

	In just such a state of mind, Sasami leaned forward and rested her 
forehead on the face of the mirror in her room.  It felt wonderfully cool and 
serene, as if offering a reflective detachment for the taking.  Sasami stared 
deep into one of her own eyes, looking in on reflection upon reflection upon 
reflection...

	"Who are you?" she mouthed.

	Her reflection didn't answer.

	This annoyed Sasami a bit.  Of recent, she had been asking herself in 
various reflective media that same question over and over.  So far, she had yet 
to receive any response, satisfactory or otherwise.  She brought her hand up on 
either side of the mirror, and pushed her body away until she could see most of 
her entire figure in the reflection.

	An increasing number of years spent on Earth had slowly, but surely, 
had it's effect on Sasami in a variety of ways.  Gradually, her traditional 
Juraian dress had been replaced by more current Earthly fashions.  In fact, her 
favorite fare for working and living around the Masaki house was nothing 
more than a pair of jeans, comfortably broken in, and any number of varieties 
of simple blouses or tee shirts.  Sasami certainly didn't mind modes of fine 
dress that regular princess duties called for (in fact, she two or three formal 
Earth dresses stashed away in her closet that she adored, even though she 
never had any cause to wear them), it was just that a simpler style of dress 
afforded her to forget for a time that she was a princess or maybe the 
incarnation of a powerful goddess.  Sasami appraised herself again.

	She certainly was pleased with what she saw.  Sasami was not self-
absorbed about her looks as much as her sister, Ayeka, tended to be, but she 
was not ambivalent towards her natural beauty, either.  The shape of her face 
and how it was framed by hair that fell in long, flowing strands down her back 
made just about any pair of old clothes she might be wearing absolutely 
alluring.

	"Not that anyone has ever stopped to notice," she grumbled.

	"Exactly *what* is it that none of us have ever stopped to notice, 
kiddo?" a voice queried from behind her.

	Sasami jumped out of her skin, spinning around to see Ryoko sliding 
through her bedroom door.

	Ryoko pulled herself fully into view, and with a feigned look of 
puzzlement, she brought a finger up to her chin and said, "Stopped to notice 
that you've been very depressed lately?  Stopped to notice that you haven't 
been doing many of the activities you usually delight in while on Earth?  Or 
maybe even stopped to notice that one of the people we care about the most is 
less happy than Ryo-ohki in a carrot famine?"

	"R-Ryoko-san, I just -" Sasami began.

	"Ah! Not to worry," interrupted Ryoko with an impish grin.  "I 
promised you some time several days ago to talk about whatever it is that's 
bothering you, and I intend to honor that promise."

	She paused momentarily.  "Truthfully, I have been rather occupied these 
past few days.  Being married to Tenchi is a constant work in progress, and 
sometimes I just get totally engrossed in my efforts!"

	Sasami went several shades of red.  Though she had been exposed to 
Ryoko's habit of freely discussing matters other people might consider rather 
personal, Sasami had never quite been able to keep from blushing a bit 
whenever Ryoko discussed her husband.  Perhaps it had to do with more of her 
Ayeka's influence on her personality than she was willing to admit.  This 
thought made Sasami frown just a hair.

	Ryoko picked up on it immediately.

	"Yep, you are definitely in need of some 'quality' time.  Come along, 
princess," Ryoko ordered, grabbing hold of Sasami's hand and pulling her 
towards the door.  "We're getting you out of this house!"

	"Wait!  Where are we going?" Sasami demanded, as Ryoko began to 
slide both of them though the solid wood of the door.

	"Just for a walk, Sasami," Ryoko replied.  "You'll enjoy it."

				*	*	*


	To say that Washu was uncomfortable setting a picnic blanket and 
laying out an afternoon lunch would be something of an understatement.  
While being a super genius did have any number of unimaginable benefits in 
life, somehow food preparation on a summer day in Japan was not one of 
them.  For the first time that she could remember, Washu did not have a 
precedent for this exact scenario.

	It did not seem that it should be all that complicated, really, but 
something about this whole scheme, specifically setting a moment to help with 
Sasami's blue mood, left her uncertain.  When an experimental device had a 
'blue mood', all you had to do was replace a few wires, microchips, or dark 
matter you pulled from a trans-dimensional interspersing ion storm.  And 
those were the 'easy' problems to deal with.  Machines, for the most part, 
lacked emotions, and therefore were not difficult to diagnose when a problem 
arose.

	Washu paused as she laid out some cheese and fruit.  Perhaps the 
main source of her discomfort, aside from not having much experience with 
these 'picnic' things, was that she was not in control, was not the architect of 
the coming experiment.  Her daughter, Ryoko, had stated from the outset, 
while barging into Washu's laboratory and dragging her away from 
monitoring a *particularly* interesting galactic dust anomaly, that the greatest 
scientific mind in the galaxy ("Universe!" Washu frantically corrected) was 
not in charge of this operation.  Furthermore, when Washu had decided to 
whip out her virtual computer console, in order to best calculate the position 
for a picnic site based on available light, temperature, humidity, emotional 
stimulation potential, and a bird sneezing ten miles away, Ryoko had quite 
sarcastically let loose a small bolt of energy past her mother's head while 
suggesting Washu just 'wing it'.

	One would imagine, having observed Washu pull incredible 
technological inventions out of thin air on a regular basis, that 'winging it' 
would not be such a big deal for her at all.

	'On the contrary,' Washu thought to herself, 'how exactly does one 
improvise cheese and crackers without proper research, experimentation, and 
rigorous testing by use of the scientific method?'

	Washu developed a slightly sick feeling in her stomach.

	'Maybe I *have* been in laboratories for too long,' she fretted.

	In response to her thought, two puppets, each caricatures of Washu, 
appeared, one on each of her shoulders.

	"No, no, Washu!" puppet 'A' exclaimed, "You are perfect!"

	"Yes, yes, Washu!" puppet 'B' agreed, "Don't ever change!"

	Somehow, Washu doubted their sincerity.  Basically, she realized in 
order to better understand interpersonal relationships and activities with 
regards to her own emotions, she would need extensive monitoring and 
observations of all sorts before developing an experimental plan of how best to 
proceed.  The only problem was, since she would essentially need to be the test 
subject and the observer at the same time, an obvious paradox would occur as 
she could not make hypothesis based on observations of actions she had not 
made yet.  She would have to be in two places at once.  She would need at 
least two of herself to even *possibly* make this work...

	A very slow, creeping smile spread across Washu's face.

	"Washu! Washu! You are a genius!" cried puppet 'A'.

	"No one is as smart as you, Washu!" piped puppet 'B'.

	This time, Washu had to agree with them.  Smiling to herself, Washu 
continued to lay out food in drink in the shade of an old maple tree, no longer 
thinking about little problems like picnics.

				*	*	*


	Ryoko had not spoken since she and Sasami had left the house and 
started their walk.  They had been hiking for about ten minutes or so, just 
absorbing the life around them such as the trees sighing in the wind and birds 
tweeting here and there.  Since Ryoko was leading the way, Sasami did not 
need to really pay attention to where they were heading, and she could afford 
to get lost in her thoughts again.

	Sasami shook her head distractedly.  She had been 'getting lost' in 
her thoughts entirely too much the past week.  Now and again, she would 
blink and find that she had been staring at something for minutes without any 
awareness to the passing of time, totally absorbed in a blank zone.

	'One way or the other,' she resolved, 'this has to stop.'

	The only difficulty was that, lately, zoning out was the best solution to 
the problems that Sasami had been able to come up with.  She looked a few 
steps ahead of her where Ryoko was walking along at a fairly relaxed, though 
purposeful, pace.  Sasami wondered how much she should let Ryoko know 
about her problems in life, both those immediate and those more abstract that 
seemed to follow her every day.  She made an effort to look around her as they 
continued.

	'Maybe I should just confess everything to Ryoko,' pondered Sasami.  
'She's been through numerous situations like this... maybe she'll know what I 
should do.  *I* certainly don't know what I should do.  I wonder if being a 
pirate would have more perks than being a princess?'

	The trail they were traveling on exited a large stand of trees and 
emptied into a lush meadow.  Flowers were everywhere, in hundreds of subtle 
shades of blue and yellow, just barely past the peak of their blossoming glory 
for the summer.  The meadow grasses themselves were also somewhat past 
their prime as they were a little dry and crunched slightly underfoot.

	On the far side of the meadow, Sasami spied Washu sitting 
comfortably on a large picnic blanket under a maple tree, with a basket and 
several bottles and other items laid out about her.  Ryoko and Sasami made 
their way across the meadow towards Washu, stirring up crickets and 
butterflies as they walked.  An enterprising bird dove behind the pair, 
snagging several of the hapless bugs in the process for dinner.  Washu looked 
up as the two approached.

	"Well, then," she stated, "I was beginning to wonder if the Universe's 
cutest scientist was going to have to enjoy this food and drink all by herself 
today.  Happy the two of you decided to make it."

	Ryoko plopped down beside her mother.  "Ya, ya, Washu.  Not like 
it'd be the first time you'd spent the afternoon eating your lunch by yourself." 

	Ryoko peered up at the clouds in the sky.  "You have to admit," she 
continued, "this scenery is a whole lot more pleasant than your dreary lab." 

	Sasami picked a corner of the blanket and gracefully eased herself 
down.

	"Hey, don't forget," Washu retorted, "you were *born* in a dreary lab 
like that!"

	"Hrmmmm, so *that's* what went wrong with me.  Amazing."

	Sasami grinned a small grin in spite of herself.  She could sense this 
was a set up from a galaxy away, but the banter between the pair of women 
and the location of the picnic was too much, even for the most downhearted of 
spirits.

	"Ahhh, there we have it!" Ryoko declared, pointing at Sasami, "the 
first legitimate smile I've seen on this princess's face in days."  Ryoko turned 
and eyed a bottle of sake with interest.  "I'm starved, let's eat."

	Washu nodded and started to serve some cheese, crackers, and rice 
cakes while Ryoko loaded several cups to the brim with the sake.  Sasami 
blinked in surprise was she was passed food.  She had expected Ryoko to force 
her to plunge right into her problems, and she had not expected to see Washu 
at all, much less with lots of food.  Instead, Ryoko was doing nothing of the 
sort, but was handing Sasami a fully loaded cup of Japanese wine.  She looked 
a bit uncomfortable with the cup in her hands.

	"Oh, don't tell me you've *never* had alcohol before," Ryoko 
drawled playfully.

	"Well... no, it's not that," Sasami said, "it's just that sister Ayeka 
disapproves of alcohol quite a bit, and there isn't much to be found in the royal 
palace."

	Washu raised her eyebrow at that.  "Really?  As I seem to recall, 
Empress Ayeka had no problems drinking her share of alcohol when she 
wanted to -"

	"Wanted to??" Ryoko sputtered.  "That girl could almost drink *me* 
under the table."  She sighed, "Actually, I'm not surprised.  Lots of those 
'good girl' types tend to become over-angelic about things like this when 
they're a bit embarrassed over their own little misadventures with alcohol."

	Ryoko then downed her cup in a swig, exhaling loudly in process.  "I, 
on the other hand say, a little drink now and again is good for the soul.  
Anyway, you wouldn't want to become just like your sister, eh Sasami?"

	That made Sasami blink in surprise.  With a look of determination, 
Sasami tossed back her cup of sake.  Immediately, her throat was on fire and 
she began to cough violently.  Ryoko cheered loudly while Washu looked on 
with a smile.

				*	*	*


	It was hard to tell exactly how much time had passed.  After a filling 
meal and more than a prudent amount of alcohol, Sasami had drifted into a 
lethargic state of consciousness, awake but with clouded thoughts.  Indeed, all 
three of the women were in similar states of comfort, allowing the combination 
of sated stomachs and pleasant shade from the sun to lull them into a quiet 
peace.  No one had spoken for quite some time, allowing an uncharacteristic 
calm, for the Masaki residence anyway, to settle.  

	At some point Sasami had laid her head down in the comfort of 
Ryoko's lap, her long hair fanning out along the picnic blanket, occasionally 
rustled by a passing breeze.  Ryoko's face was soft and relaxed, her eyes sleepy 
and half closed, as she absently stroked Sasami's head.  Washu leaned up 
against the maple tree, her eyes closed, dreaming about whatever it is genius 
scientists dream of.

	Sasami lay powerless under the comforting strokes of Ryoko, her eyes 
watching the maple leaves gently sway above her.  Now and again she would 
be able to spy a patch of blue sky and sun through the leaves for a moment 
before the wind moved the leaves again, obstructing the view.  Only the sound 
of locusts singing in the distance gave clue to how warm it was beyond the 
maple tree's shade.  The waving motion of the limbs and leaves of the trees 
worked its way through Sasami's haze and gave form to the emotions she had 
been wishing to express for days now.

	A thought dawned on her.

	'This is what Ryoko was trying to do,' she guessed, 'she set up this 
whole picnic so I could speak out on my own time- when *I* was ready to do 
so...'

	She peered up at Ryoko's face and smiled slightly.

	"None of you see who I really am," Sasami began.

	Ryoko continued to look out across the meadow.  "Hrmm?  What do 
you mean, Sasami?" she asked softly.

	Sasami looked back up at the leaves swaying, forming her thoughts 
before speaking again.  "When you see me, Ryoko, you see Sasami, ne?  
Describe me.  Tell me who you see."

	Ryoko paused her hand, resting it on the side of Sasami's head.  From 
her position against the tree, Washu opened her eyes.

	"Uh," Ryoko said, "when I see you, I see Sasami, a young woman."  
Her eyes scrunched up thoughtfully.  "I have to admit," she continued, "that's 
taking some time to get used to.  I hear you coming up behind me, and I turn 
around expecting to see you the way I remember you, thirteen years ago, as a 
child."

	"Tell me... describe that child."

	Ryoko raised an eyebrow.  "Well, she is sweet and full of happiness.  
Enthusiasm, too.  Loves to cook - is up every morning almost to start 
everyone's day with a good meal."

	Ryoko closed her eyes and thought harder, trying to look beyond the 
obvious.  "Sasami is the most heartfelt girl I have ever met.  Always going out 
of her way to lift other peoples' spirits, always making my day brighter when 
she is near..."

	Ryoko opened her eyes and smiled, "... she is a royal princess of Jurai 
and the girl who helped raise my daughter to be the fine young woman she's 
grown into."

	Ryoko's voice fell silent, thinking of her daughter.  Sasami took that 
moment to address Washu.

	"Tell me what you see, Washu," she insisted.

	"I see Sasami, sister of Empress Ayeka and a royal princess," Washu 
stated in a matter-of-fact analysis.  "You are also the incarnation of Tsunami, 
possessing the potential for all the powers she once had.  Though from the 
planet Jurai, you have spent most of your adolescence on Earth, helping to 
raise Mayuka and Yui."

	Washu stopped and smiled.  "Soon, you will have obtained all the 
knowledge and abilities as Tsunami and develop into the powerful being you 
are destined to be."

	Sasami sighed almost in spite of herself.  Rolling over on her side, 
she used her hands to push herself up out of Ryoko's lap and sat facing mostly 
away from the two women.  She drew her hands together and let her 
shoulder's fall slightly.

	"Ryoko sees me as the happy-go-lucky sister of Ayeka she remembers.  
You see me as Tsunami.  Yui and Mayuka look upon me as their aunt Sasami, 
while Tenchi sees me as a little sister.  Even my own sister sees me only as a 
royal princess who must fulfill all kinds of duties, now that she is empress," 
Sasami finished.

	"I don't understand," Ryoko admitted with some confusion, "you 
*are* all those things we've described, aren't you?  I admit that I *remember* 
you as a little girl, but that's only because I never got to see you grow into the 
young woman you are now."

	Sasami nodded her head.  "That's exactly the problem, Ryoko.  I feel 
like no one sees who I've grown up to be.  I know you've been gone for so 
long, but everyone else sees either little princess Sasami or Tsunami."

	She looked up from her hands and stared at Ryoko.  "I-I feel that I've 
grown up and no one has bothered to notice... no one has bothered to see who 
*I* am.  I'm *not* little Sasami that you remember..."

	She looked at Washu, "... and I'm *not* the Tsunami that you expect 
me to be.  I'm not even an unquestioning, dutiful princess that my sister 
commands me to be.

	"All of these Sasami's you have described to me are what all of *you* 
see," she whispered, "but deep in my heart, even though I know I am these 
Sasami's... and even Tsunami... I'm not who you expect me to be."

	Sasami felt a frustration and a stinging in the corner of her eyes.  
"I've grown up into someone in between, someone unique, but no one sees me 
for who *I* am."  Almost unbidden, tears were starting to well up in her eyes 
along with a torrent of emotion whose source she could not readily identify.

	Ryoko's eye's gleamed with a sudden insight.  "Oh, Sasami... I think 
I understand."

	Washu blinked.  "You do?"

	"Yes, Washu, I think I do," she affirmed.  "Our dear Sasami has 
become a woman without ever having been given the chance to explore what 
that means, or so I would guess."

	Sasami looked at Ryoko with a hopeful expression while Washu 
crossed her arms with a non-comprehending look.

	"All right, all right, Washu, let me try to explain what I'm thinking, 
since that look on your face says you have no idea what I'm getting at."  Ryoko 
turned and looked Sasami up and down.

	"When I died, you were still all those things I remember you being as 
a young Juraian princess, but then I was gone and missed you growing up.  
However," continued Ryoko, "from what I've heard, I can fairly guess that 
helping my Tenchi take care of the children, being a wonderfully supportive 
aunt, took up much of your time keeping you here on Earth a lot.  And 
truthfully, that probably didn't bother you too much, did it?"

	Sasami wiped an eye and shook her head, "No, it didn't.  Sister 
Ayeka was taking her control of the Juraian court and felt she had to be 
involved in everything herself with no outside help.  There was nothing for me 
to do on Jurai other than stand behind Ayeka and her husband and look 
dignified."

	She looked up at the limbs of the maple tree.  "I could have used 
aiding Tenchi, since he is part of the royal family, as a legitimate excuse to 
leave Jurai and my duties if sister had balked at the idea of me departing, but I 
didn't need to.  She was so busy with court, but so wanting to support Tenchi 
and his children... I was the perfect substitute..."

	"-And that was your life, essentially, for the past thirteen years," 
finished Ryoko.  "As Mayuka and Yui grew older, though, they became more 
and more independent, didn't they?  You and Tenchi and Washu probably had 
less work to do, I bet."

	"Actually," Washu interrupted, "the older Yui got, the more 
interesting she became.  Yui took a definite interest in some of the things I was 
doing in my laboratory as well as piloting around Ryo-ohki from time to time."

	Washu then took on a slightly disapproving look.  "Mayuka never has 
had much interest in science, though.  Always drawing landscapes or watching 
old detective movies."

	"That's true," agreed Sasami, "but you're right, Ryoko-san, I did find 
myself with less to do.  Yui was spending more and more time with after 
school activities and friends... Mayuka was just the same with her art... I still 
did plenty of things with them, just not the same way I used to."  She 
wondered where Ryoko was going with this.

	"Well, then.  I have to ask," said Ryoko, "how much of your free time 
did you spend exploring Earth?  You had Ryo-ohki.  You could have gone 
anywhere and seen lots of things."

	An uncomfortable silence grew as Ryoko paused and looked at the 
princess steadily.  "You never left the mountains much, did you?"

	Sasami shook her head, and Ryoko sighed.  "I don't suppose this had 
to do with your Juraian upbringing did it?  Always confined to the palace, 
never meeting outsiders... you got to spend all this time on Earth, but you just 
didn't know how to get out and go."

	Sasami sighed and looked embarrassed.  "It sounds like just an 
excuse, I suppose, but it's true.  Anytime I wanted to go out, I'd travel to the 
local towns by myself and such easily enough, but I never really met or talked 
to anyone."

	Washu was not saying anything yet, but looked to rapidly be 
developing an idea of what was going on inside the princess's head.

	"I-I suppose I lived vicariously through Mayuka and your daughter, 
Ryoko-san," continued Sasami.  "They would come home from school 
complaining about all their boy problems or talking about something they had 
done with friends... At night I would imagine myself in those situations, what 
I would do and say."  The princess's eyes unfocused momentarily while 
recalling her memories.  

	She blinked after a moment and said, "It made me feel good, I guess.  
I'd return to Jurai now and again, but there were few people there to talk to.  
Everyone just gave me the royal princess line, and every young nobleman who 
came to the palace at parties saw me only as a link to the empress by marriage, 
ignoring the fact that I *might* be a real person."

	Sasami snorted, "And, naturally, the fawning attention I got alienated 
me from the other noblewomen my age who weren't married yet.  I suppose 
it's no real surprise why I enjoy staying on this planet so much."

	"Then we resurrected Ryoko, and the remaining pretense for your 
staying on Earth was gone," Washu gathered.  "Yui had her mother back, 
Mayuka was already out on her own at college, and you suddenly realized you 
were grown up and didn't have your own identity yet.  And to make things 
more difficult, all of us were still trying to fit you into the image or identity of 
the young Sasami or Tsunami, royal princess or goddess, neither of which 
really fits on its own anymore.  That about sum it up, Sasami?"

	She bobbed her head up and down, "Pretty much, I guess."

	Ryoko snapped her fingers and stared at Sasami with feral eyes.

	"That's *not* pretty much it, is it?" she demanded with a small grin.

	"I-I don't know what -" Sasami stammered.

	"Oh, yes, princess!  I'm afraid you let it slip at the end,"  Ryoko said, 
looking at Sasami's rather cornered expression with compassion.  Washu 
leaned forward in interest.

	"Living vicariously through Yui's encounters with boys?  Young 
nobles seeing you only as a marriage prospect?  Sounds like your having man 
troubles, aren't you?" she asked, while smiling knowingly.

				*	*	*


	Together, all three women had picked up the remnants of the picnic 
and headed back to the house.  Uncharacteristically, they left all the dirty 
plates and cups sitting on the kitchen countertop unwashed and forgotten the 
moment they arrived.  Instead, Sasami led Ryoko and Washu up to her room 
and asked them both to wait while she fished an object out of a drawer.

	Finding what she was searching for, Sasami brought out what 
appeared to be a small cylinder of Juraian wood, not more than six inches 
long.  Setting it on its side atop the dresser, she pushed an unseen button on 
the cylinder and stepped back.  The piece of wood began to hum and glow a 
bit, suddenly splitting open a hair's width down its entire length.  A light 
shone up from the wood, forming an image of Empress Ayeka.

	"A tiny courier ship delivered this a week ago," said Sasami.

	"Greetings, dearest sister, Sasami," began Ayeka.  "I hope you have 
been enjoying your stay on Earth since my departure back to Jurai.  Earth in 
the summer time is always so very pleasant, and I wish I could be there more 
often myself.  Unfortunately, duties here on Jurai prevent me from such 
frivolous journeys, but such is the duty of a member of the royal family."

	An uncomfortable looked came over Sasami's face, as she knew 
already what was coming in the next part of the message.

	Ayeka's face shimmered slightly as a distortion affected the 
message's image, but she continued smoothly.

	"I feel it is time you, too, returned to Jurai, Sasami.  You have spent 
most of your past years on Earth, neglecting you duties as royal princess.  
While I understand that your time was well and dutifully spent helping Lord 
Tenchi's household in its time of need, with Ryoko's rebirth and return to 
Lord Tenchi and Yui, it is obvious that you have been discharged from your 
obligations there.  As such, it is time for you to return to Jurai and once again 
assume all of your royal duties.  Additionally, it has been noted by a great 
majority of the court that it is time you fully considered a royal marriage with 
a suitable member of the nobility -"

	Ryoko's jaw dropped, and Washu raised an eyebrow ever so slightly.

	"- as you are the proper age for such a union."

	Ayeka paused and smiled brightly, "As you know, my child will be 
born in a number of months, causing an interruption to many of the duties I 
normally perform for a while.  It is absolutely necessary that you be present to 
assist me in this time, Sasami, and a marriage with a suitable member of the 
nobility will strengthen your ability to deal with the court while I am 
indisposed."

	With the same bright smile on her face, Ayeka plowed on, "I have 
arranged for your ship and honor guard to arrive on Earth in less than three 
weeks after the arrival of this message.  They will collect you promptly, so 
please be ready to leave at that time.

	"I can not *wait* to see you upon your return, Sasami," she beamed.  
"Please be sure to leave my fondest love for Lord Tenchi and his family, as 
well as Lord Yosho.  Oh, and do not let them know of the wedding, yet.  We 
will be sure to surprise them with royal invitations in a few months!  Oh, my!  
That should coincide with your birthday as well, should it not?  Truly, it will 
be a *wonderful* occasion.  Be well, sweet Sasami!"

	Her image froze for a moment, but then the wood cylinder powered 
down and the image vanished.  The cylinder quickly resealed itself, while 
three women stared in silence at the device for many moments.

	"I'm really not surprised -" began Washu.

	"I don't believe it!" Ryoko gaped.

	"-but," Washu continued, "I *am* rather miffed that her royal 
majesty didn't see fit to say hello to me.  Oh, well.  She never did fully 
appreciate my scientific genius."

	"WASHU!" yelled Ryoko, "Would you please try to focus on the issue 
here?  Sasami is being forced to marry a complete stranger just so life can be a 
little more convenient for Ayeka!  It's horrible!"

	"I will not argue that we are biased in favor of Sasami's feelings on 
this matter," Washu countered, "but, Sasami *is* a royal princess and *is* 
subject to Empress Ayeka's commands, correct Sasami?"

	Sasami nodded unhappily.

	"However, you could just as easily ignore Ayeka and exist in life as 
you please using your own natural talents as well as those assimilated from 
Tsunami, correct?" inquired Washu.  "I'm betting, however, you don't want to 
ignore your sister, because doing so would force her to disown you from the 
royal family, and you aren't willing to do that, are you?"

	Sasami shook her head again.  "No.  I love my sister and my planet 
Jurai too much to force Ayeka to banish me from there for life.  And since she 
apparently has made my return and availability for marriage a public 
proclamation, she would be forced to take some action against me if I refused 
to go.  The court nobility would demand it of her."

	"Well, wait a minute," demanded Ryoko, waving a hand dramatically 
in the air, "isn't she the high and mighty empress of Jurai?  If you convince 
her that you don't want to get married to one of these noble goons, wouldn't 
she just be able to proclaim that?  Isn't her word law?"

	"It doesn't exactly work like that, Ryoko," Sasami disagreed.  "The 
emperor or empress of Jurai does have in large part complete control of the 
empire, but the empire is supported by the noble families of Jurai.  Without 
their support, Ayeka would essentially have a vote of no confidence, and her 
further proclamations would be worth very little.  So in essence, she has to 
follow the will of the noble families to an extent."

	"And the will of the noble families is to see you married to one of 
their offspring, it seems," pondered Washu.  "Certainly every family would 
want to have a closer connection to the royal throne.  I'm amazed that they 
haven't bothered to encourage Ayeka for your return sooner."

	"They may have.  I don't know for certain," confessed Sasami.  
"Ayeka may have held such demands at bay, citing my duties to Lord Tenchi 
as an excuse, but as she said, those obligations no longer exist."

	Sasami turned, walked to her bedroom door, and paused.  "Also, 
when I have been able to get some prolonged sleep, I've had a few vague 
precognition dreams about my marriage.  You all know that my dreams 
generally indicate the path of events that will occur around me."

	Using her hand, Sasami drew her fingers through her hair along her 
scalp. 

	"I really can't see any way out of this, I guess," she said and left the 
room, leaving Ryoko and Washu to themselves.

	Ryoko quietly fumed for a minute before exploding.

	"I can't believe *she* would stoop to doing this to her own sister!  
It's so hypocritical, especially since she blew off the entire court to chase after 
Yosho for seven hundred years, and we all know what the court felt about 
him!"

	Ryoko lifted off the floor and shimmered out of sight, bent on 
releasing her anger somewhere less populated where the damage to property 
would be minimal.  Washu watched her go impassively.

	"It does seem unfair to us," she spoke out loud to no one, "but I can't 
see what can be done about it."

	Washu sighed and looked at the wooden message device.

	"I'll be the first to admit that in the affairs of politics and love, 
science is oft times lacking in solutions."  Shaking her head Washu left 
Sasami's bedroom and headed for her own laboratory to work.

				*	*	*
	

	With a mighty burp and a contented sigh, Ryo-ohki teetered off her 
feet and rolled over onto her side, her furry belly radically distended from the 
glutton of carrots she had consumed.  Tenchi smiled down at the cabbit briefly 
before looking out over the lake and valley down below.

	'Looks like my work here is done,' he thought.

	Picking himself up from one of the shrine steps, Tenchi lifted the 
significantly heavier Ryo-ohki up and laid her gently in the bushel basket, 
picked the basket up, and headed down the steps towards the house.  Yui 
would be home from school soon, and Tenchi always enjoyed meeting his 
daughter not far from the bus stop and walking home with her.

	Turning his head slightly, Tenchi thought he heard something like an 
explosion off in the far distance.  He could not be certain, however, and 
decided it was just his imagination as he continued down the steps.

				*	*	*


	From my resting spot on a bench in the courtyard of the country inn, I 
looked up towards the mountains in the distance where a faint echo of what 
sounded like an explosion emanated.  I was taking a break from my day's 
worth of wanderings around town as well as from the heat, and a bench in the 
shade seemed the best place to do so.

	"Almost sounded like a sonic boom," I said to myself in English.  
"Wonder if some Japanese pilots are having some supersonic fun."

	I had lived for a number of years in the flight path of a U.S. air force 
base, and to hear a sonic boom was a rare occurrence due to the annoyance it 
caused nearby residents.  So if pilots wanted to break the sound barrier, 
generally they would try to do so in as sparsely populated an area as possible.

	An elderly woman who helped work at the inn heard my ramblings to 
myself and asked me politely what I was saying.  I considered trying to explain 
my sonic boom theory, but did not have the confidence in my vocabulary to 
make such a statement in Japanese.  Instead, I smiled and told her I thought I 
heard a noise, while pointing in the general direction of the mountains.

	The elderly woman nodded in agreement.  "Every now and again, 
we'll hear a strange noise from off that way.  No one knows what the noise is."

	The woman leaned towards me and said in a conspirator tone, "I 
think that it is the old demon turning over in its tomb."

	"Demon?" I asked, surprised.  "There is a demon in the mountains?"

	The old woman nodded vigorously.  "Oh, yes.  Long ago a demon 
came to this part of the country and caused great woe, until it was banished by 
a powerful samurai and sealed in a tomb for all eternity.  That's where those 
mysterious noises come from time to time, as I do declare!"

	I really dig these kinds of stories about demons and monsters and 
battles.  Needless to say, she had me hooked, even though I perfectly realized 
it was just a story.

	"Wow, I'd love to see a tomb like that!" I exclaimed.

	"Oh," she said, "no one knows where the tomb really is, but there is a 
shrine up in the mountains dedicated to the memory of the battle between the 
demon and the samurai.  It is called the Masaki shrine, and has been there in 
one form or another for as long as anyone can remember."

	I have often wondered at the way life works.  There are infinite paths 
and possibilities at every moment for every decision you make.  When you stop 
and think about it, given all the possible decisions you can make at every 
instant,  it is really amazing that anything ever gets done, much less that 
simply spectacular events collide together to change your life forever.  But, I 
get ahead of myself.

	At that moment I decided to ask for directions to the Masaki shrine 
for the next day's worth of travel.  I had seen all the in-town sights, and a 
country trek would be a perfect compliment to the experience I had so far.  The 
old woman excitedly gave me directions to the seemingly obscure shrine, and I 
wandered back into town to find a bus schedule that would take me somewhere 
near the area where the woman indicated the shrine was located.  I was in 
luck, because a bus made its way near the area every morning at six thirty.  
Needless to say, I would have to get up earlier to catch the bus as it left this 
little town to get to that stop, so I decided to make for an early dinner and 
catch some sleep.  

	In the center of town, a small celebration was taking place for some 
important event in the town's history that I didn't quite understand, but there 
were a few musicians playing in the small square.  I made my way to a little 
restaurant and had dinner by myself, just absorbing the flute and drum music.  
Eating dinner out by myself has always brought me to a somewhat melancholy 
state of mind, so I began to ponder if I had led a mostly solitary lifestyle for too 
long.  Twenty-eight did not seem that old to me at all to still be single, but I 
had to admit it would be nice to be able to share dinner with someone on a 
regular basis.

	At any rate, I chatted with a waitress for a little bit on and off about 
nothing in particular, managing to illicit a number of giggles from her as I 
mutilated the pronunciations of a number of words.  She patiently corrected 
me in an amused fashion until she had to head off to take care of other 
customers.  Another tip when you are traveling abroad:  there is no better 
place to perfect your second language skills than out in public.  You learn a 
heck of a lot more a heck of a lot faster than you ever will out of a book.

	I called it quits for the day fairly early, just as the sun was going 
down, as I had planned.  Back at the traditional inn, I packed a number of 
necessities into my internal frame backpack, and left the rest neatly in the 
room.  It had been my plan to use whatever hotel or hostel room I was staying 
in as a kind of base camp and explore outwards from there.  It had worked 
well in a number of states back in America for me as a system, so I saw no 
reason to change my habits.

	I only planned to be gone for the day, but, as I have found out from 
time to time, things happen when you least expect them to, so it's best to be 
prepared.  As a result, I packed some extra clothes and an incredibly compact 
thermal blanket, along with some more food and water, just in case I got stuck 
somewhere.  After all, you never know when you are going to get knocked 
upside the head, as my mother used to say.

				*	*	*


	The next morning I awoke before daybreak, thanks to my trusty West 
German (made back when there *was* a West Germany) battery operated 
clock.  Any clock the size of a pack of cigarettes that you can drop off a fourth 
story balcony, smash to bits, and then snap back together and still keep perfect 
time after ten years is a winner in my book.

	Nothing was open yet that would be serving breakfast in the inn, so I 
headed out for the town bus stop, snagging a cold soft drink and a candy bar 
along the way.  Not exactly the breakfast of the gods, but anything was better 
than nothing at five in the morning.  I jumped aboard the small bus just as it 
was warming up and getting ready to head out.  The driver was a bit surprised 
to see anyone, much less a foreigner, hop aboard his bus so early before 
daybreak.  At this time of day, the driver generally only picked up people from 
a few stops up in the surrounding mountains.  I explained briefly that I was 
sight seeing and looking for a shrine or two, but he did not seem terribly 
interested, so I did not bend over backwards to chit-chat.

	As we drove out of town in a rather bumpy fashion, the sun started to 
warm the sky in the east.  I did my best to stay awake and observe the 
surroundings as the day got brighter, but the morning twilight and the rocking 
motion of the bus got the best of me, and I quickly nodded off in my seat.  
Occasionally, the bus would hit a particularly nasty bump which would knock 
my chin up from my chest, startling me awake momentarily before I snoozed 
off again.

	Every fifteen minutes or so, the bus would stop and pick up a 
passenger or two along the road.  I assumed they were people who lived up in 
the mountains who needed to get to town to do some business, though it 
occurred to me that they might all actually be commuters, doing this on a daily 
basis.  At any rate, the scenery was beautiful, when I was awake enough to 
appreciate it.

	Around six thirty the bus pulled up before a well maintained path that 
seemed to disappear into the trees, heading towards one of the mountains.  I 
believed that this was my stop, but I checked with bus driver just to make sure.  
He agreed with me and nodded in the direction of the path, and then he 
muttered something under his breath that sounded like "-late again-".

	Whatever he was referring to did not seem to involve me, so I just 
thanked the driver and stepped off the bus.  Shouldering my backpack, I 
stretched up on my tip toes, extending my arms in the air and yawning loudly.  
I turned and looked at the bus, which was not going anywhere for some 
reason.  Again, I did not think it had anything to do with me, so I turned and 
headed up the path a ways until I lost sight of the vehicle around a bend.  I 
could still hear the engine, though, when I came to the foot of a large stone 
staircase that led up a small, steep ridge for about sixty or seventy steps.

	I realized quickly that this shrine was probably up on top of the 
mountain way above my head, and that these first steps were only a taste of 
what was to come.  I 'sucked it up', so to speak, and started climbing steps.  
About halfway up the flight, I heard a honking coming from back behind me 
where the bus was.  I stopped and looked back momentarily;  I could not see 
the bus due to the trees, but I imagined it sitting there still waiting.

	"Someone regular passenger must be pretty late this morning," I 
surmised, looking out through the trees.

	Suddenly, I got a chill down the back of my spine, as if something 
very bad was about to happen to me very, very soon.  I had just started to 
swing my head around to look up the remaining stairs when I heard:

	"Whoa!! Look ou-!" said a feminine voice just before I felt a violent 
impact against the right side of my entire body.

	There was a blur, and I was jolted backwards through the air with the 
steps approaching me rapidly from below.  The last thought I had before I 
struck the stairs was my mother's warning about getting knocked upside the 
head.  I impacted with an sickening 'thud', and at the same moment, 
everything went incredibly dark.

				*	*	*





Coming up in Chapter Three:

"Well, at least I can *appear* to be happy."

Washu gets to play doctor, everything gets fuzzy for Nathaniel, and fun with 
	medical tape!

Email appreciated!
Send comments to Mike McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
http://www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/

Last updated July 21, 1998.  