		Tenchi Muyo!: "No Need For Sasami"

			 -* Credits *-


	With all the Tenchi universes created out there, it seems
appropriate to  define the boundaries of this fan-fiction to avoid any 
confusion.  In this fan-fiction, I am working on the premise that 
events here occur after the original OVA series.  Additionally, I’ve 
been working off a future universe dreamed up by Mr. Long T. Tran, 
entitled "Tenchi Muyo!: Ryoko’s Love".  Unfortunately, at 
the time I got inspired to write this fiction, Mr. Tran had only 
released two episodes of his work, and as a result there probably will 
be huge differences in the story lines beyond.  However, this is how it
should be, and I have taken some pains to ensure that I am in no way
infringing on his creation beyond the premise that some 20 years have
passed at the Masaki residence.  I would highly recommend you read at 
least his first three episodes to get a feel of what has led to my 
fan-fiction, but I have left plenty of asides in this story to 
fill in gaps and prevent you from becoming lost if you chose not to.  


Suffice to say, this fiction takes place approximately twenty years 
after the thirteenth OVA (as well as the two Tenchi movies) and 
characters’ ages do NOT reflect how much time they may have spent 
in stasis while floating about the galaxy.  In terms of genre, it is
pure "Tenchi".  There are no crossovers of other characters from other
series stumbling in to add to the mayhem.  Additionally, this is could
be described as a "dark fiction" as I have tried to remove the story
from the caricatured action and comedy that Tenchi is known for.  This
does not mean there is no action and humor, but that within this story 
more serious questions will be addressed by the characters other than
"who gets to sit beside Tenchi at dinner tonight?", "what's Sasami
cooking for dinner tonight?", etc.  


Also, I will frequently switch back and forth between first and third 
person, depending on which character’s point of view I am writing from.
I decided to make use of this device after reading most of the fan-
fictions written by Mr. Brett Handy.  His "Oh, My God" series makes 
excellent use of this style of writing and was what made me decide to 
try my hand at fan-fiction.  This is *not* done in effort to make this 
story a self-insertion on my part, but simply to give a first person 
viewpoint of one of the main characters from time to time.  At any rate,
since I am delving into uncharted waters by exploring the characters 20 
years down the road, part of me is going to be inserted into every 
character as I try to expand them in the context of the story.  So, to 
those of you sensitive to stories that are written by authors inserting 
themselves into the plot, please do not get bent as this is not what I 
am trying to do.



"Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi" is a product of  Pioneer/AIC. 
As such, I’m getting no compensation for writing this fiction other 
than my own enjoyment, because the thought of getting sued is rather 
unpleasant.

Mr. Long T. Tran for his "Tenchi Muyo!: Ryoko’s Love" story line and 
the characters created therein.  His fiction can be found at GenSao’s 
excellent Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Page: 
http://members.xoom.com/gensao/fanfic/

Mr. Brett "Darkwind" Handy for his fan-fiction writing style 
influence.  His "Ah-My Goddess!"  spin-offs are great reading, and 
can be found at http://www.starvision.net/anime/
 

Disclaimer:  All characters *I* have created are purely a work of fiction.
Any resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.  Anyone
who thinks otherwise is probably just itching for a fight.  Also, please
do not try and distribute this story in some lame attempt to make a 
buck;  it would be bad karma to say the least.


Send comments to Mike McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
Last updated June 29, 1998.