Credits: Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of  Pioneer/AIC. 
As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this fiction other 
than my own enjoyment, because the thought of getting sued is rather 
unpleasant.

Mr. Long T. Tran for his "Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Prologue" 
story line, parts one, two, and three, and the characters created 
therein.  His fiction can be found at GenSao's excellent Tenchi Muyo 
Fan Fiction Page: http://members.xoom.com/gensao/ 

Disclaimer:  All characters *I* have created are purely a work of fiction. 
Any resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.  Anyone
who thinks otherwise is probably just itching for a fight.  Also, please
do not try and distribute this story in some lame attempt to make a 
buck;  it would be bad karma to say the least.


Email appreciated!
Send comments to Michael McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
http://www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/



				    Tenchi Muyo!
				"No Need For Sasami"

			A Fan-Fiction by Michael McAvoy



		Perceive that which cannot be seen with the eye.
						-- Miyamoto Musashi

        
				-* Chapter Five *-


	Things were definitely not getting off to a grand start that morning.  I 
mean, if you set aside getting accidentally assaulted by a seventeen year old and 
beat up by a staircase, then you *might* manage to try and `buck up' for the 
rest of your adventure.  After all, things could not get much worse than that, 
right?

	I looked up through my blurry vision at the innkeeper who was sitting 
behind his desk.

	"Isn't there *anything* you can do?" I asked in a plaintive voice.

	There is this old saying that goes something along the lines of `never 
tempt Worse, because Worse will go out of its way to show you just how bad it 
can really get'.  At the moment I was finding out that indeed it could get just 
so, seeing as how the apologetic innkeeper was effectively evicting me.

	"I know I've been gone for two days," I tried to explain, "but I was 
injured and couldn't make it back here."

	The innkeeper shrugged his shoulders and gave me another once over.  
"Yeah, Mr. Swann, you sure don't look good, but your reservations specifically 
stated that you would be out by noon today."

	Scratching the back of his head, he then said, "Your room is going to 
have new occupants this afternoon, and the rest of our inn is filled through the 
weekend."

	"Ne," interjected Sasami, "there are a couple of other inns around 
town.  Will any of them have a room?"

	The innkeeper shook his head in the negative.  "No, not with the 
festival in town starting tomorrow night.  Everyone will be booked for days, I 
assure you."

	Bringing the fingers of my uninjured hand to my temple, I squinted at 
the fellow and asked, "Well, we have an errand to do in town that may take a 
little while.  Can I remove my things after we're done?"

	The innkeeper nodded his head sympathetically at me.  "Go ahead," 
he motioned with his hand, "you're supposed to be out by noon, but I think I 
can stretch that till one.  After that, we *must* begin to get the room ready for 
its next occupants."

	"I appreciate it," I smiled wearily, "Thank you for your understanding."

	With that, I turned away from the desk with Sasami and trudged 
towards the back courtyard to my room.  Beside me, Sasami had her hands 
behind her back and was making little humming noises.

	"This complicates things a little," I grumbled.

	Sasami raised an eyebrow at me.  "What happened to the good 
humored Nathaniel that was sitting with me on the bench?" she asked 
curiously.

	"Ah, nothing really," I responded, "he's just spending a couple 
minutes in the penalty box for cross-checking."

	"Cross-checking?" Sasami echoed with a totally blank look on her 
face.

	I nodded.  "Yep, ice hockey term.  Means my good humor is out of the 
game for a while."  I made a grand effort at a smile and said, "Should be back 
in a little bit, though."

	She nodded seriously, "Well, that's good.  How am I supposed to 
figure out how to be so upbeat again from your example if you start getting 
gloomy on me?"  Her eyes appeared to be narrow and searching, as if I were a 
puzzle she was trying to figure out.

	"Uh, you really want to learn how to be upbeat?" I asked as we crossed 
the courtyard.  "Huh.  I'm not sure how I'd explain it, actually."

	Sasami pouted at me for a moment and returned to her humming, 
apparently in thought.

	"Please try to think of a way," she said, ceasing her humming and 
smiling suddenly, "I could really use a refresher course."

	"All right, then, I'll do my-" 

	There was a loud exclamation from in front of us, stopping us in our tracks.  
Before me was the elderly woman who had directed me to the Masaki shrine days ago.

	"My, my!  Young man," she began with wide eyes, "whatever 
happened to you?"

	Slowly walking over to us, she peered up at me and examined my 
bandages.  "I was wondering where you had been the past two days!  Who did 
this to you?"

	"Oh," I said seriously, my humor suddenly returning, "remember than 
sleeping demon you told me about?"

	"Oh, dear, yes!" she said in expectation.

	"I'm afraid I woke it."

	Her hands went up to the side of her face.  "You don't say!"

	I smiled down at the old woman.  "Don't worry," I said, winking at 
her, "the demon looks a lot worse than I do."

	The elderly woman chortled happily at my joke and turned to wander 
off in the courtyard.  Sasami and I could hear her talking to herself about the 
demon as she walked away.  A blurry eyebrow from my long-haired companion 
asked volumes of unspoken questions.

	"Ah," I motioned, "that was the lady who suggested I visit your shrine 
in the first place."

	"Really?!" responded Sasami.

	"Yep, really.  She said there was a shrine with a sleeping demon, so 
naturally I was curious to see it."

	Opening the door to my room, I looked over my shoulder and said, "I 
always find it neat how people believe in these imaginary stories, don't you?"

	In a bland tone of voice behind me, Sasami replied, "Sure.  Who 
knows why people make this stuff up."

	Entering my room, I quickly located my portable brain and turned the 
little computer on.  Behind me, there was a slight thump as Sasami slid my 
backpack off her shoulders and deposited it in a corner.  With a quiet whirring 
noise, the laptop came to life, and its screen brightened.  As I waited patiently 
for the bios to run through its system checks, Sasami brushed several locks of 
hair out of her eyes and leaned over my shoulder.

	"So *this* is your portable brain," she said innocently.  "I wonder if 
it's interchangeable with the one you bruised?"

	I quirked an eyebrow as I considered the young woman leaning over 
me.  Her quiet and unresponsive nature seemed to have evaporated from earlier 
this morning only to be replaced by an offbeat wit.  I did not really want to see 
her go back to being quiet, so I played along.

	"Perhaps," I said grudgingly, "but even if it were, I wouldn't do so.  I 
have a fondness for antiquity, you see."

	Sasami grinned down at me.  "I do see," she smiled, "just make sure 
you don't get it shaken too much more.  It's hard to find good replacement 
parts for antique brains."

	"Especially at the rate at which your family damages them," I smiled 
back.

	Sasami put one hand back behind her head and laughed nervously.  
"Uh, heh-heh, yeah," she chuckled, slightly embarrassed.

	I grinned as I put my face inches from the laptop screen, trying to 
focus on the options.  After clicking through several incorrect files and 
directories, I finally stumbled onto what I was looking for.

	"Ah," I exclaimed happily, "there she is!"

	"Let me see," said Sasami, gently nudging me to one side of the table.  
I moved over a tad and gave her some room.

	"It's in English," she mused with a slight frown, "but I think I can do 
a fair job at translating this.  Maybe we'll get lucky and someone at the eye 
glasses shop will speak English, too."

	"Maybe," I nodded hopefully, powering down the laptop.

	Closing the monitor shut, I stood up and collected some things, 
including a little extra money from my suitcase. 

	"We should be back before one, I guess," I said, scanning the room.

	Sasami nodded and picked up my portable brain, giving me a once 
over.  "Hey, if you look miserable enough, maybe they'll give you an 'abused 
tourist' discount."

	For certain, Sasami's personality was out of the quiet phase, and I 
could not have been happier.  The thought of spending an afternoon with the 
one friend I had seemed to have made in Japan would not have been too nice 
had she still been lost in whatever world she had been in on the bus.

					*	*	*


	"Ah, don't look so glum, Nathaniel."

	Sasami stopped and held the door of the local eye glasses shop open as 
Nathaniel walked outside into the sunlight.  Squinting as he entered the bright 
light, he turned his head towards where Sasami was patiently standing.

	"I look glum?" he asked.

	Sasami pondered him for a moment, letting the glass door swing shut.

	"No," she disagreed, "you have more of a serious look on your face.  
Cheer up!  You'll have your glasses on Monday."

	"True, but that's four days from now," he said, shifting his injured 
arm a bit.

	Looking down at his watch, Nathaniel grimaced, "and I have to be out 
of that room in about forty-five minutes."

	"Oh, right," Sasami said, smiling goofy, "I forgot.  You're worried 
about where you're going to be sleeping tonight!  That's really not a problem, 
because you'll be staying at my home."

	As the idea took hold in her mind, Sasami skipped down the store 
front steps to the sidewalk, her hair cascading behind her in long waves.  In the 
midday sun, people walked past her on their way to wherever.

	At the top of the stairs, Nathaniel rubbed the back of his head with an 
uncomfortable look on his face.

	"Let me guess," Sasami mused, looking up at him, "the idea of staying 
at my house makes you feel uncomfortable, because you're afraid of being a 
nuisance?"

	"Uh, something like that, yep."

	With a genuine laugh, Sasami put her hand on her hips.  "You sure 
*are* a gentleman, aren't you?  Tell me something, O' Courteous One, where 
exactly do you plan to spend your time till Monday?"

	"Well, uh." Nathaniel stammered, at a loss.

	Sasami leaned forward slightly, tilting her left ear towards him.  
"Hmm, what was that?  Sleeping on a park bench did you say?"

	"Okay, okay," Nathaniel surrendered, "I see your point."

	Sasami sighed and nodded sagely.

	"That's good.  I was starting to wonder if the jolt to your head had 
really started to affect you.  Besides," she grinned as he started to walk down 
the steps, "it's the least we can do for you."

	Sasami backed up another step and promptly ran into someone behind 
her with a grunt.

	"Oh, I'm terribly sorry," she said, turning around as she apologized.  
"Are you - hey!" she exclaimed as she got shoved roughly by a young man 
wearing a leather biking jacket.

	"You stupid foreigner," he sneered at Sasami nastily, "why don't you 
watch where the hell you're going!"

	Behind him, two other young men about nineteen or twenty and also 
wearing leather jackets appeared with threatening looks.

	"Hey now," Nathaniel called out in Japanese with a deceptively 
pleasant voice, "I'm sure my friend here is sorry for bumping into you.  No 
need for any shoving."

	"No one asked you, jerk," the first punk replied threateningly.  
Regaining a bit of composure, he straightened his jacket slightly, and looked 
around at the people walking past. 

	"You're just lucky there're so many people around to keep me from 
personally kicking your ass outta my country," he smirked.

	One of his buddies spoke up from behind him.  "Yeah, why don't you 
get out of our town and country *real* fast, foreigners."

	Placing his body in the space between the punks and Sasami, 
Nathaniel gently pushed the stunned young woman away from the men.  

	"Sure, no problem," he smiled with a polite tone still in his voice.  
"We were just leaving."

	Keeping his body between Sasami and the three punks, Nathaniel 
guided the dumb-struck princess away until they had sufficiently melted into a 
group of pedestrians.  Not caring to hang around to see if the punks would 
decide to try and follow them or not, Nathaniel quickly led Sasami around a 
corner and headed back in the direction he thought the inn was.

	"Think I'm heading the right way?" he asked Sasami.

	"T-those three were mean to us!" she stammered in a slightly panicky 
voice.  "I tried to apologize, but he just *shoved* m-me."

	Nathaniel stopped his hurried walk and turned to face the startled 
young woman.  "Hey, hey there.  Are you okay?  Don't worry, those guys aren't 
following us."

	"I-I thought he was going to hit me!" blurted Sasami.  "He was so 
spiteful, too.  Why?!"

	With an expression of complete reassurance, Nathaniel calmly gave 
Sasami a comforting hug and rocked the princess back and forth slightly.

	"I don't know, Sasami.  Some people just don't like foreigners in their 
country, and those guys seemed just to be some young troublemakers with a 
chip on their shoulder.  But, it's all right now, see?"

	Gradually, Nathaniel felt the tension in Sasami's muscles ease away as 
she calmed down from her shock of being shoved.  He waited a few moments 
more after she seemed totally relaxed before releasing her.

	He looked down at her with a soft smile.  "All better?"

	Sasami, with her head tilted down at the street a bit, nodded slowly 
and took a deep breath.  "Yes," she said as she looked up, "I'm okay.  It's 
just... the look in his eyes. It was sinister."

	"Was it?" asked Nathaniel with a frown.  "I couldn't really tell.  He 
just sounded none too pleasant.  Anyway, are we headed the right direction to 
get back to the inn?  It's almost one."

	Placing her hand to her head, Sasami looked around for a moment.  
"Uh, sure," she said as started to walk slowly, "it's this way a little bit."  

	Nathaniel nodded and quietly fell in step beside her.

	"We'll just grab my stuff quickly and head back to your home," he 
said, still looking over at Sasami.  "I think we're more than finished here."

	Making their way out of the center of town, the suddenly tired pair 
made a slow progress towards the inn.  With a vulnerable look on her face that 
Nathaniel could not make out, Sasami keep her eyes locked on the pavement a 
few feet out in front of her and did not speak for many minutes.  After a while, 
she hesitantly spoke up.

	"Um, Nathaniel," she asked quietly.

	"Hmm?"

	"I just wanted to say... that is..." stammered Sasami as a slight color 
rose to her freckled cheeks, "... I just wanted to, uh, you know for back there, 
say... thank you."

	Missing the blush completely, Nathaniel smiled over at her again.  
"You're welcome, Sasami."

	Together, they continued rest of the way in silence, not really noticing 
anything around them anymore as the earlier happiness of the day evaporated.	

					*	*	*


	The rest of the way back to the inn could have gone better.  As far as I 
could tell, the run-in with those punks outside the glasses shop had really upset 
Sasami.  And yet, there seemed to be something deeper that was affecting her, 
as if the encounter had served to push her into a disposition born long before I 
ever met her.  Though her expression was difficult for me to see and read, her 
silence and the way she kept her arms tightly crossed the rest of the day was 
more than clear.

	The Sasami that had tried to be cheerful and fun earlier in the day was 
gone and not looking to come back.

	Still and yet, I did try to break the silence more than a few times.  I 
could tell she did not want to talk, so I limited my conversation to rather one 
sided comments that did not require a response from her.  As I finally checked 
out of the inn, thanking the owner for extending me the understanding and 
extra hour to vacate, the only sound Sasami did make was a small grunt when 
she hefted my internal frame backpack up on her shoulders.  I grabbed my 
suitcase with my good hand quickly to ensure that she did not try and make an 
issue out of my carrying it.

	I don't think I needed to worry about it.  Sasami had such a zoned 
behavior about her that she probably did not even realize I had a suitcase.  I did 
though, and lugging the thing through town towards the bus stop was not 
getting any easier, especially with the hot and humid sun right above us.  I had 
not really noticed the increasing heat until I found myself wiping my brow now 
and again.  Sasami was not having the small struggle with the heat that I was 
experiencing, and as I thought about it, there seemed no reason why I should be 
getting over exerted either.  Thinking a little more about it as we finally 
reached the small bus station, I chalked it up to my still being weak from 
my fall.

	'Or maybe it's a lack of food,' I thought, listening to the first hint of 
my stomach starting to growl.

	As we sat for a while on a small bench, waiting for the mid-afternoon 
bus to arrive, I was able to rest for a bit and just listen to the surroundings.  
Part of traveling for me is not just seeing sites and experiencing things, but it's 
also stopping and doing nothing at all.  Every place that I have ever been to has 
had its own special sound to it, and that is how I tend to remember some of the 
more wonderful places that I have been.  Perhaps it has something to do with my 
desire for a little inner searching from time to time.

	I think somewhere someone once said that you understand yourself 
best when you just stop the chattering.  If they did not, then I said it.

	This little town had an ambient noise that I had never quite 
experienced before.  Certainly, I had been in any number of similar towns, both 
in Japan and America, and most of the noises I heard were by no means unique.  
However, I think the occasional drifting conversation in Japanese that came to 
my attention as people would walk by really made this place special in my 
mind.  The musical quality of a language that I was not wholly in command of 
made the difference, for sure.  I closed my eyes and tried to store the memory of 
the sounds as best I could.

	About thirty minutes from the time Sasami and I had sat down in 
silence, a bus finally arrived that would take us back up to the Masaki 
residence.  Hauling my stuff onto the bus and stowing it, we found a pair of 
seats together easily on the mostly empty bus.  Looking at my watch, I noticed 
it was only about one fifteen, and I guessed that the bus was probably more 
crowded in the late afternoon when people were getting off work or coming 
back home from school, like Yui.  Suddenly, a massive yawn caught me off 
guard.

	Sasami finally seemed to take notice of something other than her own 
funk, and looked at me.  "Oh, I wish you hadn't done that," she said sleepily.

	"Uh, really," I responded, "why is that?"

	"Because," Sasami said right before yawning hugely herself, "everyone 
knows yawning is contagious."  Looking around the bus, she stifled another 
yawn.  "I don't think I'm going to make it back home awake."

	"I feel quite tired, too," I nodded, "don't let me keep you from taking a 
nap."

	As the bus started up, Sasami said though another yawn, "There you 
go, being a gentleman again."

	I smiled in response and turned to look out a window at the trees and 
houses moving by.  After a few minutes I turned to ask Sasami about the 
festival the innkeeper had mentioned, but as I looked at her, I saw that she had 
her chin down nearly on her chest and her eyes closed.  Snoring ever so softly, 
her head would wobble around a little bit every time the bus hit a small bump 
in the road.

	Forgetting my question, I turned back and stared out the window for a 
few more minutes.

	Suddenly, the bus hit a slightly larger bump in the road than normal, 
causing the vehicle to sway to the side a little.  Just as that happened I felt a 
something heavy and soft  land on my good shoulder with a thump.

	Turning my head I saw pretty much what I had expected.  Still asleep 
and completely oblivious to the world, Sasami's head was rolled gently onto my 
shoulder with some of her long hair tumbling down past her eyes and onto my 
arm.  Watching her sleep, that lonely feeling I had while she held my hand 
down the steps the previous night came back with a vengeance.  For the first 
time in more years than I could even recall, I had the vague, but very strong, 
notion that there was something profoundly absent in my life.

	Whatever that might have been, I stopped pondering as Sasami's 
shoulder and head slid a little more to the right, until the top of her head was 
resting against my cheek. Her hair smelled lightly of flowers... or a warm 
spring breeze.

	Closing my eyes, trying to deal with the flood of odd feelings that were 
washing over me, I hoped I could fall asleep as readily as Sasami had.

	I did not have a problem doing so.

					*	*	*


	The next day, with the morning sun already well on its way into the 
summer sky, Tenchi Masaki and his wife Ryoko sat quietly in the kitchen, each 
sipping a cup of tea and enjoying a light breakfast.  Now and again, the two of 
them would look up at the kitchen clock, look at each other, and smile 
knowingly.  There seemed to be a familiar sense of expectation in the air.

	In time, there was a muffled crash and exclamation from upstairs.

	"Five," remarked Tenchi, his eyes gazing up at the clock.

	Another crash sounded from upstairs, and this time an even louder, 
incoherent yell.

	"Four," Ryoko chimed in, not bothering to gauge the clock.

	The house shuddered violently with the sound of a door being thrown 
open and continued to shake as footsteps thundered above them.

	Tenchi quirked an eyebrow at the violent vibration.  "Three, and a 
door to repair."

	The footsteps made a screeching noise as if rounding a corner and 
stomped like thunder as they came down the main staircase.

	"Two," Ryoko murmured, holding up a packed lunch.

	With a disturbing Doppler effect, the sound of running footsteps came 
ever closer until a burred figure slammed the kitchen door open.

	"One," the pair said in unison as Yui Masaki darted past her mother 
snagging the lunch from her hand without even slowing down.

	Speeding for the outside door without hesitation, Yui shimmered and 
phased out of sight, sliding her form harmlessly through the door just before it 
would have been turned to splinters.

	<Please remember, dear,> sent out Ryoko to her daughter, <we'll meet 
you in town later this afternoon at our booth.  Try to be on time, would you?>

	<Okay, okay, mom!> a frustrated Yui's mental call came.

	Unaware of the conversation that had just transpired, Tenchi asked his 
wife, "Did you remind Yui to meet us this afternoon on time, Ryoko-san?"

	"Mmm-hmm" came Ryoko's soft reply.

	"Honestly," Tenchi exclaimed in exasperation, "no matter how I adjust 
her training or work her harder for being late, she still manages to barely make 
it to school each day."

Without much forethought he then asked, "Ryoko, is this something 
that runs in your family?"

	Ryoko's golden eyes serenely shifted towards her husband from over 
her tea cup.

	Lowering the cup slightly, she said, "What *exactly* do you mean by 
that, Tenchi?"

	Had Ryoko been in a pot of water, in spite of her neutral voice, Tenchi 
swore he would able to have seen the water around her beginning to boil.

	"Ah, well, that is," he stammered, desperately seeking a safe avenue 
out of the kitchen, "I mean, no one on *my* side of the family has ever had 
problems getting up in the morning-"

	'I can't believe I just said that.'

	"Oh, *really*?"  The tea cup hovered in place below Ryoko's lips as 
her eyes took began to gleam.  "Interesting idea.  Please continue."

	Tenchi gulped, still edging out of his seat.  "W-well, I, uh, just thought 
that maybe someone in your family had, uh, problems being on time, like 
maybe, uh-"

	With a slight hum, a virtual viewing screen popped up over the 
kitchen table with Washu's face spread across it.

	"Maybe like *mom*?" Washu asked archly.

	Sighing dramatically, Washu shook her head and said sadly, "I just 
don't know how you could think so poorly of our side of the family, Tenchi."

	Brightening considerably, an idea occurred to the scientist, "I think 
this definitely calls for Tenchi to be punished, don't you Ryoko?  What do you 
think Tenchi?"

	Washu and Ryoko looked across the kitchen table where Tenchi had 
been sitting, now as empty as a ghost town.

	"Oh, well.  So much for my new lab experiment," Washu grumbled, 
switching off the view screen.  

	Taking this all into account, Ryoko took a last sip of her tea and set 
the cup down gently on the table.  Standing gracefully, with a look of playful 
serenity, an energy sword ignited from the palm of her hand.

	"Oh, Tenchi, my prince," she sighed happily, "how I've so missed 
playing with you."  That said, Ryoko phased out of sight and went hunting for 
her husband.

					*	*	*


	It was already well into the morning when Sasami finally decided to 
emerge from her room, bleary eyed and rumpled.  Wearing a long, green robe, 
tied at the waste loosely, and carrying a few bath implements in one hand, she 
rubbed at one eye slowly as she stood under the door frame.  Doing her best to 
stifle a yawn, Sasami leaned up against the side of the door frame and absently 
scratched the back of her left calf with her big right toe.  Setting her foot back 
on the ground slowly, the urge to itch satisfied, she began walking towards the 
bathroom.

	Reaching the door of the bathroom, she slid it open to reveal what 
could only be described as a washroom paradise.  Scientifically engineered by 
Washu, the women's bathroom was a marvel of inter-dimensional architecture 
and placement.  Across a wide expanse of area, grossly disproportionate to the 
actual Earthly dimensions the regular Masaki residence bathroom normally 
occupied, a series of springs spiraled high up into the air.  Supported by 
massive trees of Juraian origin, also engineered by Washu, the springs were 
terraced and supplied each other through a series of sparkling waterfalls.  The 
bath springs, supplying both steaming hot and frosty cold water, were made of 
a dark wood polished to a gleaming finish.  As a result, they dazzled brightly 
from the sunlight pouring through the crystal clear dome protecting the 
environment overhead.

	Sasami winced visibly at the happily gleaming wood and adopted a 
frown as she wobbled through the entrance to the springs, the door closing 
automatically behind her.  Over the past twenty or so odd years, Nobuyuki's 
attempts at 'peeping' had dropped off considerably with his advancing age.  
Nevertheless, none of the women living at the Masaki residence could ever be 
quite certain that Tenchi's crafty father might not be hiding around a corner 
with the newest in video technology, ready to steal a glimpse for posterity.  
Washu would be hard pressed to admit it (if anyone had actually been 
suspicious), but over the years she had found it necessary to make small design 
adjustments when Nobuyuki surprised her with his ability to *almost* 
successfully weasel his way past the security door.

	Letting her eyes adjust from the dark gloom of her room to the bright 
quality of the springs, Sasami paused before a full length mirror near the door 
and stared glumly at her reflection.

	It was not exactly inspiring.

	Having neglected to carefully wrap her long flowing hair the night 
before, Sasami observed that she was now suffering the consequences of her 
lack of forethought.  Her hair was tangled, to say the least, and fell down 
around her shoulders in great long mats with an almost dingy sheen.  
Hopelessly mussed from another near sleepless night of tossing and turning, the 
mess of hair would require at least an hour of painful combing to untangle it 
all.  Raking her fingers through a lock of the mess, Sasami grunted.

	The rest of her was not in much better shape.  Surrounding her tired 
looking eyes were dark lines, indicative of her inability to sleep the past several 
nights.  Freckled cheeks, normally full and painted with a natural rosy blush, 
were pale and rather hollow looking.  The rest of her face around the corners of 
her eyes and mouth also bore a similarly unhealthy look.  Taking all this in 
without any real expression, Sasami stood before the mirror and quietly 
observed herself for several minutes.

	'Who are you?'

	Letting her bath items slide out of her arm with a clatter, Sasami 
raised her hand up to the side of her temple.  Letting it rest there momentarily, 
she slid two of her fingers across the length of her forehead, brushing a number 
of errant locks of hair aside.  Coming to the other side of her face, she 
continued to trace the contours of her temple and her cheekbones with her 
fingers, slowly dragging them lightly across the skin, observing the tingling 
sensation their trail left.

	'Who are you?'

	Dropping her fingers down from her cheek, Sasami directed them to 
the delicate hollow right underneath the center of her nose and proceeded to 
trace the outline of her lips, switching from her fingers to her thumb.  A small 
and dispassionate part of Sasami noted those lips were a little dry.  Parting her 
lips a bit, she paused her thumb at the center of her lower lip, pulling down 
slightly, before switching back to her fingers again and running them along her 
neckline to the bottom of an earlobe.  Rolling her head to one side slightly, 
Sasami let her fingers slide down the side of her neck and follow her 
collarbone, coming to a rest underneath her chin.

	'Who are you?'

	Not changing her expression from its featureless contemplation, 
Sasami's head swung low to one side as she made an attempt to loosen the 
muscles in her neck slightly, her eyes never wandering from her reflection.  
Dropping both her hands down to her sides, the princess ran her tongue across 
her dry lips until they were sufficiently moistened again.  Then bringing her 
hands together in front of her robe, they worked in slow unison until the small 
knot that held her garment together was undone.  The soft green robe quietly 
rustled as it fell open, exposing her bare skin underneath to the air of the 
bathroom.

	At first, Sasami shivered slightly as goose bumps ran down her 
abdomen from some chilly air, but then a patch of hot steam from one of the 
springs wafted over her, warming the narrow length of her body no longer 
covered by the robe.  Still looking at her reflection, now with more of a curious 
expression beginning to form, Sasami brought her hands up to either side of the 
open robe's collar and parted it slowly, feeling the fine cloth brush over her 
shoulders and breasts until it slipped off, falling down her across her back until 
it reached the bend in her arms.

	'Who are you?'

	Sasami turned slightly and observed her half nude body in the mirror.

	'A princess?'

	'An adult?'

	'A woman?'

	Sasami dropped her arms down by her sides again, letting the robe fall 
all the way to the wooden floor, forming a crumpled pile at her feet.

	'A child.'

	'A child princess.'

	'Still a little girl?'

	Setting her feet apart slightly, Sasami brought her hands up to her 
temples and lifted a large part of her hair up and back, the small muscles in her 
arms and legs rippling lightly under her skin.  Turning further to one side, still 
holding her hair up so that it spilled down behind her, Sasami eyed her body's 
profile.  Disengaging one hand from her hair, she slid it down the center of her 
chest between her breasts until coming to a rest on the flat of her stomach.

	'No, not a little girl.'

	'I *am* a woman.'

	'Then why do I feel so small?'

	'Alone.'

	'Unhappy.'

	'Controlled.'

	'Why have I let the years just slip past?'

	'Alone.'

	'Poor little princess.'

	Letting her other hand slip down from her hair, she placed it on the 
side of her face and cupped her cheek.

	'Poor little girl.'

	'Afraid.'

	'Afraid of what?'

	The princess dropped her eyes slightly in shame, attempting to force 
the answers to her unspoken questions from surfacing.  After a moments 
struggle, she finally failed.

	'Of exploring life beyond the palace walls?'

	'Beyond this house?'

	'Alone.'

	'Always tagging along with everyone else.'

	'Never living your own life.'

	Sasami blinked repeatedly as she felt her chest begin to tighten up 
inside from self-pity.

	'The happy-go-lucky princess?'

	'Breakfast's ready!'

	'Only a supporting character?'

	'Lunch's ready!'

	'A useless aside?'

	'Dinner's ready!'

	As her lower lip started to tremble, Sasami's vision blurred as hot 
tears streamed from the corners of her eyes, tracking down her cheeks and 
splashing on her hands.

	'Surrounded by family.'

	'But always alone.'

	Burying her head in her hands, Sasami drew in a ragged breath and 
sobbed brokenly, tears running from her eyes uncontrollably.

	'Just waiting for big sister to make a decision for you.'

	'Coward.'

	Still shaking, the princess dropped to the hardwood floor and hugged 
her knees tightly, weeping as she rocked her body from side to side.  For several 
moments she stayed like that, silently crying.

	"I don't want to go," she suddenly cried out loud to the massive empty 
room, hearing her voice echo back at her.

	Sasami planted her face down in her knees and let her cascading hair 
hide her from the world.  As her weeping tapered off momentarily, her mind 
cleared, and the truth of an awful realization dawned on the princess.

	"And I don't want to stay, either," she admitted before erupting in a 
fresh torrent of sobs and tears.

					*	*	*


	That morning I woke up feeling decidedly out of synch.  Waking up 
late in the afternoon and rolling out of bed, I had the distinct impression that 
my head was not lined up with my spinal cord for some reason.  My 
movements, response time, and even my thinking seemed to have about a three 
or four second delay.  Disorientation and confusion.  I hoped a quick shower 
would put me back in order, but it did not.

	The Masaki bathroom was a good deal larger and more comfortable 
than any number of bathrooms I had been using since I began my little journey, 
and I was happy to have the chance to be able to dally a bit in the bath.  Since it 
was late morning, I figured everyone must already be up and about, and I would 
not be keeping someone waiting outside.  Though it was a nice bathroom, tiled 
and well-lit, I really could not imagine all the people who lived here sharing it 
every day.  After all, it was not all *that* big.

	Finishing up in the bathroom, and still trying to escape the 'off' 
feeling I woke up with, I got dressed and wandered downstairs.  As far as I 
could tell, the house was completely quiet and empty of all people.  I did not 
know exactly what time it was, but by looking at all the sunshine through a 
window, I guessed it might be pretty close to noon.  I shrugged my injured 
shoulder and looked for a clock.

	11:45.

	The realization that I had slept away about a third of my day made me 
feel even more horrid.  Sighing noisily, I entered the quiet kitchen and 
looked around for something to eat that would not be much trouble to concoct.  
Opening up the refrigerator, I saw a large variety of foods, all of which had 
either unreadable Japanese kanji or looked to be troublesome to prepare by 
myself.  The bottomless pit called my stomach growled loudly in protest.

	Rumble-grooowwwl.

	"Right, right," I said wearily, "don't get excited.  I'm working on it."

	Rumble.

	Snagging a carton of what looked like orange juice (it had the picture 
of a squeezed orange on it.  Hey, I am an engineer, not a rocket scientist), I 
closed the door of the refrigerator and immediately spied salvation in handy, 
easy to unwrap packaging.

	Bananas.

	Hunting around the kitchen cabinets, trying to be quiet and irrationally 
nervous about poking through someone else's house, I took down a glass, 
poured myself some juice, and took two bananas from the bunch.  Setting the 
juice cartoon back inside the refrigerator, I took my bounty and headed out the 
side door to the little deck.

	It was at least as twice as bright outside than I first imagined, but not 
terribly so.  Still and yet, I decided to halt my forward progress right there and 
have a seat.  Letting my legs drape over the side, my bare feet easily reached 
the grass below, which felt warm from the sun.  In fact, everything around me 
felt that way, and as I munched away at my breakfast/lunch, the sun began to 
make me pleasantly warm as well.

	All except for where my stupid bandages were.  Those felt like foreign 
lumps ruining what would otherwise be the start to an improved day.

	"An improved day," I mumbled.

	I figured there was a pretty good reason to why I was feeling this funk, 
and it all had to do with coming back into the mountains yesterday afternoon.  I 
had more or less slept the entire bus trip back, waking for brief, odd moments 
when the bus rocked a little more severely than normal.  Sasami stayed pretty 
much knocked out as well, her head resting on my shoulder, or so I thought.  
When we finally got to her bus stop, she was awake first and shook me gently.

					*	*	*


	"We're here," Sasami said warmly, stretching her arms above her 
head with her fingers intertwined.

	Working her way though a yawn, Sasami then smiled at Nathaniel and 
got up, hefting his backpack and bringing it down from the small luggage rack 
above.

	"Oh," he had yawned back rather unenthusiastically.  "We have to actually 
move around ourselves now, right?"

	"Yep.  Hope you like steps."

	"Ugh, sounds dreamy."

	The two then stepped off the bus and began walking up the path 
towards the house.  As the bus motored off behind us, Nathaniel took his 
suitcase from Sasami and let her keep the backpack since he still had one 
perfectly functioning left hand.  Making their way unhurriedly around the bend 
in the path, Nathaniel turned just in time to see the bus start rolling and motor 
off to its next destination.  In doing so, he promptly bumped into Sasami.

	"Oh, gee, sorry 'bout that," he said, feeling himself blush as his head 
bobbed apologetically.

	Smiling slightly, Sasami turned and commented, "Hrm, if you're 
having problems walking before we even *get* to the steps, does this mean I'm 
going to have to get someone to help me carry you up them *again*?"

	"Let's hope not!"

	Giggling softly, Sasami then turned back down the path, and together 
they continued in silence.  Finally arriving at the bottom of the first staircase, 
Nathaniel looked up and sighed.

	Sasami looked at him from an angle.  "Think you can make it all 
right?"

	Furrowing his eyebrows, Nathaniel nodded and said, "Oh, sure.  I was 
just marveling at my ability to be so klutzy."

Gathering a little inner fortitude, he put his foot down on the first step 
and started climbing.

	"Klutzy?" Sasami replied with a disapproving note, "I really don't 
think it was clumsiness that got you knocked over."

	Adjusting Nathaniel's pack on her shoulders, Sasami skipped a step to 
catch up with him.

	"Maybe," replied Nathaniel doubtfully.

	With the summer sun beating down on the pair, no more words were 
exchanged as each concentrated on the small and not entirely effortless climb.  
After a few minutes of work and concentrating on each step, both Sasami and 
Nathaniel had worked up a small line of sweat on their foreheads from carrying 
the luggage.  Reaching the top of the stone staircase, finally, Nathaniel paused 
and wiped at his brow with the back of his hand, turning to admire the view 
behind him.

	"Wow," he exclaimed quietly in admiration, "I really failed to catch 
this view when we were coming down these steps this morning."  Shading the 
glare of the sun from his eyes, Nathaniel peered about.

	"Catch the view?" echoed Sasami suspiciously.

	Smiling sheepishly, he put his suitcase down and scratched his temple.  
"Well, it may be all fuzzy, but even like this I can tell it must be a fantastic 
view."

	Fingering the straps of the backpack and chewing her bottom lip 
slightly, Sasami shifted her weight from one foot to the other.  An idea was 
forming in her head that was, to Sasami anyway, wild, reckless, and making her 
indecisive and nervous.  Finally, she thrust aside her momentary fears and took 
a deep and silent breath.

	"Would you... I mean, you want to sit here for a while?" she blurted out 
a little loudly.

	Turning with an eyebrow slightly raised at the level of Sasami's voice, 
Nathaniel wiped his brow again and gave her a quizzical look.

	"You can rest a bit, see the view," she added somewhat lamely.

	"Doesn't sound like a half bad idea," grinned Nathaniel, "just as long 
as we can grab a little something to eat soon."

	With that, he set his suitcase down on the ground and let himself plop 
onto the topmost of the stone steps with an umph.  Taking a deep breath of the 
afternoon air, Nathaniel then leaned forward and settled his elbows on his 
knees, taking care not to jostle his bad arm.  With no small hesitation, Sasami 
stood above and behind Nathaniel, still fingering the straps of the backpack 
nervously with half frozen fingers.

	'Oh, come on,' she chided herself silently, 'you're a *princess* of 
Jurai, for crying out loud.  Just *do* it!'

	Taking a little time to loosen the pack, Sasami slid the frame off her 
shoulders and set it on the ground beside the suitcase and stood up straight.  
Spreading her fingers out from hands that were placed at the sides of her body, 
the princess gathered her courage for a moment before taking a quick breath.

	'Just sit down right beside him real close.  That's it, Sasami'

	Easing down to the right beside Nathaniel on the step, Sasami settled 
back into a sitting position resembling his until she was no more than a few 
inches from him.  Nathaniel looked over at Sasami and smiled a little before 
returning his gaze to the mountain horizon, squinting a bit.

	For several minutes nothing was said as both of them rested.  The 
momentary bravado that Sasami had conjured to sit down beside Nathaniel 
evaporated more and more as time passed.

	"I can sort of see why you wouldn't want to leave this place," 
Nathaniel spoke, breaking the silence and startling Sasami completely.

	"What?" she responded with the slightest hint of panic in her voice.

	Nathaniel did not notice.

	"These mountains," he explained with a small gesture, "they seem 
very beautiful.  Almost like green waves that never break.

	Smiling at no one in particular, he then sighed with contentment.

	"I used to come out here a lot," Sasami said unexpectedly, inwardly 
startling herself as her nervousness had dissipated with the sound of his deep 
voice.  "The commotion from all the people staying up at the house when I was 
younger could really drive you batty at times."

	Shifting her gaze out across the mountain tops, Sasami allowed herself 
to drift back through pleasant memories that continued to surface unbidden.  
All the days through all the years she had come out to this spot to sit a while 
and enjoy the quiet... it seemed so distant and yet so close in time to her.

	Nathaniel had broken his gaze from the horizon and shifted it towards 
Sasami, cupping his chin in his hands.

	"That's one of the reasons I decided to come to this area, actually," he 
smiled.  "I was looking for someplace quiet to spend a few days."

	Her initial plan completely forgotten, Sasami turned and looked at 
Nathaniel smiling at her, soaking up the ease with which her heart seemed to 
be lightening from its worries.

	"Well," she grinned ruefully, "this wasn't always the serene place you 
see now.  From time to time, years ago, this place could be so noisy that I'd 
come out here before daybreak just to catch a moment's peace with the 
sunrise."

	"No kidding?"

	"No kidding," Sasami nodded.  "In fact, during the summer time the 
sun comes up right over there between those two peaks," she added pointing 
over to Nathaniel's left, her hand brushing against his right forearm in the 
process.

	As Nathaniel turned his head in the direction she had pointed, Sasami 
felt something akin to electricity flash through her skin where she had brushed 
against his arm.  Withdrawing her arm slowly, she unconsciously let it drag 
slightly against Nathaniel's again, shivering a tiny bit at the sensation.  She 
looked up at Nathaniel's head, turned mostly away from her as he observed the 
mountains to the best of his limited ability.

	And with a flash, Sasami's unspoken agenda resurfaced in less than a 
fraction of her heartbeat.

	'I can do this,' she said to herself, half frightened, half thrilled.

	With Nathaniel totally oblivious to her movements, Sasami leaned 
back slightly and edged her head towards him, until her face was hovering just 
over his right shoulder.

	Her heart hammered.

	'He'll turn around to say something,' Sasami planned breathlessly, 
'and I'll just do it.'

	Another heartbeat.

	'I'll just kiss him...'

	True to Sasami's predictions, Nathaniel did start to turn back towards 
the princess to say something.  Sasami's breath caught and her heart fluttered 
like the wings of a sparrow.

	Events, however, went a little differently than she planned.

	Nathaniel turned his head, right on cue, leaning ever so slightly 
towards Sasami so her face was that much closer to his, and promptly smacked 
his forehead into hers.  Sasami having misjudged the distance, withdrew her 
face down sharply from the pain and drove her chin right into Nathaniel's 
injured shoulder.  Nathaniel then instantly winced from the double intensity of 
both his forehead *and* shoulder, causing Sasami to bite her tongue.

	Sasami recoiled quickly in embarrassment and pain as she tasted a 
hint of salt in her mouth from where she had bit through her tongue just a little.  
Clasping her hands to her face from the pain and also to hide her humiliation, 
Sasami drew her knees away from Nathaniel's off to her right and tucked her 
face into them, her hair neatly concealing the rest of her profile.

	Recovering from the sting in his shoulder and rubbing his forehead, 
Nathaniel looked over in concern at the princess.

	"Ouch, Sasami," he called worriedly, wholly unaware as to what 
Sasami had attempted, "hey, are you okay?"

	Knowing he was probably unable to see the hot tears that stung at the 
corners of her eyes, Sasami steeled her voice of emotions and said calmly 
through her fingers, "I-I'm okay.  I just think I bit my tongue a little.  Just give 
me a moment."

	"Uh, sure.  Sorry about that."

	Sasami, drawing on her royal upbringing, quickly recovered her 
emotions while deftly wiping her eyes so that Nathaniel could not see her do so.  
Finally pulling her hands away from her face, she looked up to see Nathaniel 
gazing at her with sincere and warm concern.  The princess could almost have 
started crying in shame had she not instantly slammed those emotions down.

	And in doing so, Sasami realized that she learned more lessons from 
her sister, Ayeka, than she would ever have willing admitted to herself.

	'Is this how you felt, sister?' Sasami asked herself miserably, still 
looking at Nathaniel.  'Is *this* like the clumsy frustration you felt with 
Tenchi-niichan?'

	Standing up quickly, Sasami picked up Nathaniel's backpack and 
shouldered it deftly.  Turning back to Nathaniel, who was still sitting on the 
steps more than a little surprised, she threw him a forced smile.

	"Well, enough of this sitting around," she said in a quick, business-
like tone, "let's get back to the house."

	With that, she quickly turned away from Nathaniel and headed down 
the path towards the lake.  Nathaniel picked himself up off the steps clumsily 
and reached for his suitcase, struggling to catch up to the rapidly disappearing 
Sasami.

					*	*	*


	I did not see much of her the rest of the day.  After getting back to the 
house in record speed, Sasami dropped off my backpack in my room and 
disappeared completely.  Not thinking much of it at the time, I concentrated on 
getting my things stowed away neatly in my room.  Still very self-conscious 
about having to stay here for the next several days, I made my way downstairs 
to scrounge up something to eat.

	To my relief, Ryoko and her mother, Washu, were both sitting in the 
kitchen with the remains of a lunch already laid out.

	"You're in luck," Ryoko said, smiling up at me, "had you been any 
later, I'd have put this food away."

	"Thanks," I breathed, taking a seat beside Washu.  Looking over my 
choices for lunch, I asked, "Say, where is Sasami?"

	Quirking an eyebrow, Ryoko replied, "I have no idea.  She ran in with 
your backpack and left just as fast without anything to eat."

	Pouring me a cup of tea, Ryoko continued.  "Everything went all right 
in town, ne?"

	Sighing and thanking her for the tea, I shook my head and said, "No, 
not really." 

	Ryoko and Washu sat back and listened attentively as I related our 
brush with the punks in town.  Washu seemed fairly impassive after hearing my 
rendition, but Ryoko's voice had a harsh edge to it when she declared what 
would happen to those guys if she ever ran into them.

	Afterwards, I spent my day taking a nap and then sitting for a while on 
the front porch.  Sasami never made an appearance all the rest of the afternoon, 
and when it was time for dinner, Yui came outside to find me.

	She said that Sasami was not feeling well and would not be joining the 
family for dinner.  Though the rest of the Masaki household more than made 
me feel welcome, I turned in early feeling a bit lonely and homesick.

	Now, here I was, sitting on a deck in Japan with my toes in the grass, 
munching on bananas and sipping orange juice.  The blurry charm of the 
sunshine and birds swooping and diving over the lake was lost on me. 

	"Lovely," I mumbled.

					*	*	*


	Erupting a huge and fairly obnoxious yawn, Washu staggered through 
the closet door entrance of her laboratory into the brightness of the Masaki 
residence main hallway.  Holding her arms way up above her head, she then 
stretched up on her toes and sighed just as noisily.  Rubbing blearily at one eye, 
Washu then headed off upstairs.

	Despite her weariness, the petite red-headed scientist was more than 
pleased with the progress of her newest experiment.  Just the thought of her 
work made the universe's greatest scientific mind began to giggle slightly, and 
then a little more.  Unable to control herself, Washu finally exploded.

	"BWHAHAHAHA!" she chortled in a manner that would have frozen anyone's 
veins had they been in earshot.

	Almost dancing the rest of the way up the stairs, Washu skirted around 
a corner and headed towards the bathroom, all the while singing to herself.

	"I'm an evil *geeeen-yus*!  I'm an evil genius!" she sang as if she 
were in a limbo line.

	Stopping before the door of the bathroom, Washu snapped her fingers 
nonchalantly.  Out of thin air, a small wooden bucket filled with washing items 
appeared and dropped lightly into her waiting hand.  Peering up at the door 
through one squinting eye, as if daring it to not recognize her supreme intellect, 
Washu had to wait only a millisecond before the bathroom door slid open 
quietly.  Stepping across the threshold, the scientist entered into the onsen 
paradise, immediately engulfed by a cloud of steam.

	Once the steam passed her by, Washu spied a figure sitting slumped 
over in one of the nearby springs.  Narrowing her eyes tightly, the scientist 
considered making a quiet exit.  Instead, she neatly stepped out of her clothes 
and made her way to the dejected looking figure.

	Princess Sasami of Jurai was slouched to the point where the only part 
of her body not in the water was her nose and the top of her head.  Her long, 
thick hair was not tied up at all, and as a result fanned out in various directions 
as well as hung matted against her forehead.  Washu could see her eyes were 
puffy and tired, an obvious indication of an emotional outburst of some kind.

	Oblivious to Washu's approach, the princess proceeded to blow 
bubbles from her submerged mouth into the water.

	Washu took a look at her little washing bucket, containing her wash 
cloth and soap, and then took stock of Sasami again before shrugging and 
setting her things aside.  Stepping towards the princess, Washu then eased 
herself directly into the steaming water.  A characteristicly loud exclamation 
passed the red-head's lips as she adjusted to the shock of the heat.

	Sasami's eyes dully drifted over to Washu for a moment before looking out 
straight again into nothingness.  Several minutes passed by as both women soaked 
in total silence.  Neither really moving much at all.  Washu finally scrunched 
her brow.

	'Hrm,' she pondered to herself, 'I should be able to initiate some kind 
of dialogue with Sasami.  After all, I *have* gotten better at all that motherly 
stuff with Ryoko recently.'

	Feeling a little more emboldened, Washu spoke out, her voice echoing 
loudly against the wood.

	"Want to talk about it, Sasami?"

	No response, except a few more bubbles.

	"You look a lot like I do when one of my experiments goes wrong.  
You spend a few weeks couped up in a laboratory with nothing to show for it, 
you get rather bent."

	Sasami continued to breathe through her nose, staring out into space.

	Washu momentarily played with the idea of fetching a small cattle 
prod and poking the princess.  Instead, she tried a different line of thought.

	"You missed dinner last night," Washu noted, "usually I'm the one to 
do that.  How did your day in town go with --?"

	"I don't want to talk about it," interrupted Sasami sharply, her mouth 
having risen out of the water.

	Washu raised an eyebrow at Sasami's sudden outburst.  Crossing her 
arms underwater, the scientist looked sideways at the sullen princess.

	"I heard you had a run in with some young deviants in town," Washu 
plowed on anyway.  "Nathaniel said---"

	"I do *not* wish to repeat myself, Washu," snapped Sasami angrily.  
Pulling herself out of the water, Sasami walked over and picked her robe off the 
ground.

	"I am a royal princess of Jurai," she continued sharply, "and I have no 
concern about Earthling thugs or klutzy, blind hikers."

	With that, Sasami knotted her robe shut, and stalked out of the onsen.  
Washu watched the door slide shut behind the princess before stretching out in 
the hot waters.  In her dry, clinical detachment, Washu thought about the 
outburst she had just witnessed.

	'More like her sister than I ever would have imagined.'

	It was not hard for Washu to make a connection between Sasami's 
behavior and her trip to town with Nathaniel.  As far as Washu was concerned, 
something more than the run in with those punks was eating as Sasami.  And it 
was a fairly easy deduction, based on Sasami's scathing comment, Nathaniel 
was somehow at the center of it.  Washu closed her eyes and sighed.

	"Looks like Ryoko's little experiment isn't working out as hoped," she 
said to no one in particular.

	Soaking a while longer, Washu wondered if the entire household 
would not have to start tip-toeing around the princess the closer Sasami's 
departure came.  Washu poked an eye open as a thought hit her brain.

	'Certainly, the easiest answer is to remove any and all sources of 
potential annoyance from Sasami's presence for the remaining duration of her 
stay on Earth,' the scientist reasoned.

	Making small waving motions underwater with her hands, Washu 
stoically came to the conclusion that perhaps Nathaniel should be on his way as 
soon as possible... and at least out of Sasami's sight for a while.

	Washu decided that it was not a perfect solution, and was certain to 
make their guest feel unwelcome, but better him than Sasami.

	'At least for the time being,' she reasoned.  'He'll be gone soon 
enough.'

	The scientist let her mind drift to other matters, like her new, secret 
project, as she lifted herself out of the onsen and wandered over to her wash 
bucket.

					*	*	*



Coming up in Chapter Six:

"You could have been raped or worse, you dummy!"

The town festival arrives, Nathaniel gets abandoned (twice), while Sasami 
sinks into a bottle, or two, or three...

Comments and criticisms more than welcome!

Michael McAvoy
mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu
www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy

Last Updated September 2, 1998.
