Credits: Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of  Pioneer/AIC. 
As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this fiction other 
than my own enjoyment, because the thought of getting sued is rather 
unpleasant.

Mr. Long T. Tran for his "Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Prologue" 
story line, parts one, two, and three, and the characters created 
therein.  His fiction can be found at GenSao's excellent Tenchi Muyo 
Fan Fiction Page: 
http://members.xoom.com/gensao/ 

Mr. Brett "Darkwind" Handy for his fan-fiction writing style 
influence.  His "Ah-My Goddess!"  spin-offs are great reading, and 
can be found at http://www.starvision.net/anime/
 
Disclaimer:  All characters *I* have created are purely a work of fiction. 
Any resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.  Anyone
who thinks otherwise is probably just itching for a fight.  Also, please
do not try and distribute this story in some lame attempt to make a 
buck;  it would be bad karma to say the least.


Email appreciated!
Send comments to Michael McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
http://www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/


				  Tenchi Muyo!
			    "No Need For Sasami"

		      A Fan-Fiction by Michael McAvoy




	Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just 
		sit there.
					-- Will Rogers



			     -* Chapter Three *-


	The Masaki family had affectionately coined a phrase called ‘Yui 
Time’.

	This was in reference to Yui Masaki’s infallible ability to be at least 
ten or fifteen minutes late to just about everything.  So whenever her family 
planned an outing or gathering, they always made sure to set their day to ‘Yui 
Time’ to allow for delays caused by her perpetual tardiness.

	Certainly, this morning was proving to be no different from any other 
as Yui was dashing about her room, grabbing books and clothes, desperately 
trying not to be late to catch the bus to school.  With her hands completely full, 
she dashed out of her room, skidded on her heels around a corner, and sped 
downstairs into the kitchen.  Sasami was already up making breakfast for the 
first time in several mornings, along with Yui’s mother, Ryoko.

	“I don’t suppose you’re running late again?” Ryoko calmly inquired, 
in complete contrast to her frayed looking daughter.

	If you stopped and compared Yui to her parents, she was certainly her 
mother’s daughter.  Seventeen years old with similar long, spiky hair (only 
more blonde), she also shared her mother’s general physique, except not quite 
so busty.  Also, her eyes were more like her father’s in color, and her pupils 
had more of a rounded shape, unlike Ryoko’s narrow ones.  Stopping to bolt 
some food Sasami offered her, as well as a glass of juice, Yui ran for the door, 
rammed her feet into her shoes, and all but tore the door off the hinges.

	Sasami smiled at the retreating figure.  “Some things never really 
change,” she said.  “No matter what I or Washu ever tried, she’s always been 
unable to make that bus on time.”

	“It’s a good thing her ability to throw energy bolts didn’t develop 
until just recently,” agreed Ryoko, “else she would have long since decided 
blasting that door apart is much faster than stopping to open it.”

	“You wouldn’t know anything about that sort of household 
destruction, would you?” Sasami grinned, sipping some tea.

	“I have absolutely no idea what you are referring to,” Ryoko smiled 
back.

					*	*	*


	‘Damn! Damn! Damn!’ Yui grumbled to herself as she flew across 
the yard, her feet inches off the ground.

	At times like these, she really appreciated the talents she was 
developing from her mother.  Her ability to fly down the path to the bus stop 
had been the only thing that kept her from missing that bus on any number of 
occasions.  Zipping round a number of bends in the path, Yui saw up ahead up 
her the top of the last flight of stone stairs before the bus stop.  

	"Why the heck did mother have to drop the house all the way up here 
in the middle of nowhere?!" she demanded.  In the distance the bus driver 
impatiently laid on his horn.

	“I’m coming! I’m coming!” Yui yelled as she raced to the top of the 
stairs, still flying, and careened down them.

	To late she saw the blur of a man facing away from her halfway up 
the steps.  She knew instantly that she was going way to fast to avoid hitting 
him.

	“Whoa!! Look ou—!” Yui yelled before impacting hard into the 
man’s right side.

	Yui bounced off the man, but managed to use her powers to break her 
fall right before she smacked into a tree.  The stranger was not so lucky as he 
soared out over the steps and, as gravity reasserted itself, seemed to hit his 
head and shoulder on the stones with a sickening noise.  Yui straightened 
herself with a groan, taking stock of the bruise she imagined to be rapidly 
forming on her left shoulder from the impact.  Looking down at the young 
man, she swore.

	“Oh, dammit all! I bet he’s dead or something!”  Quickly, Yui 
calmed her mind and sent out for help.

	<Mother!>

	<What is it, dear? Are you okay?> came Ryoko’s thoughts.

	<I’m fine,> Yui replied, <but I ran into some man on the steps right 
above the bus stop, and knocked him clean off his feet.  I think he’s hurt.>

	Through the trees her bus honked its horn again.

	<Oh, damn!  I’m going to miss the bus!> she wailed.

	<Go on! Go on!> came her mother’s voice.  <Leave him there.  Your 
aunt Sasami and I will be there in a minute or two to scrape him off the 
pavement.>

	<Thanks, mom!> sent a very relieved Yui, as she gave the unconscious 
stranger a last apologetic look before flying down the rest of the stairs for the 
bus.

	<Oh, and Yui?>

	<Yes, mother?>

	<Try not to kill anymore pedestrians today while you’re flying, would 
you dear?>

	<Yeeees, ma’am.>

					*	*	*


	Ryoko arrived on the scene first, less than ninety seconds after Yui’s 
impact with the stranger.  Shimmering out of the thin air above the man, she 
dropped to the stairs and gave him an initial inspection.

	He was laying face down with his head below his feet, and there was 
some blood that appeared to be coming from a small gash on his forehead  His 
shoulder was also pushed into one of the stairs at an uncomfortable looking 
angle.  Noting the man’s backpack and hiking boots, she guessed he was some 
day hiker rambling about the mountains.  Ryoko began trying to unsnap the 
his pack straps when Sasami reached the top of the stairs with a little first aid 
kit.

	“Oh, geez,” she puffed, “I have *got* to get the hang of how you and 
Yui can fly around like that.”  Stopping to catch her breath, Sasami asked, “is 
he okay?”  She descended the remaining stairs until she reached them.

	“He’s seems to be unconscious, and he has a cut on his forehead,” 
Ryoko reported.  “Might have a dislocated shoulder, too, but I can’t really tell.  
Here, help me get his pack off so we can turn him right side up.”

	Sasami got down besides Ryoko and began working on the straps.  
“You don’t suppose he’s a hiker, do you?” she asked as her strap came free.

	“Looks like it,” Ryoko grunted, frustrated at her failed efforts to her 
strap undone.  “Oh, well,” she said, a bit of energy flashing in her hand, “he’ll 
have to forgive me for doing this to his pack.”

	Using her tiny energy ball, Ryoko sliced through the uncooperative 
strap and removed the backpack from the man.  Setting it aside, she gently 
rolled the young man onto his back while Sasami orientated his legs down so 
they were no longer sitting uphill from the rest of his body.  Ryoko looked at 
the man’s face briefly before inspecting the gash.

	“Yep, he has a little cut on his forehead.” she stated.  “Hey, take a 
look at this, he’s not Japanese.”

	Sasami turned from his legs and looked at his face.  Staring at the 
young man, Sasami felt something inside her akin to vertigo, and she simply sat 
and stared with a slightly bemused expression on her face.

	“We need to stop the bleeding on that gash, first,” Ryoko continued, 
“head wounds always seem to bleed like crazy, no matter how small they are.”  

	She held out her hand to Sasami for some bandages from the first aid 
kit.  “Hand me a couple bandages, would you, Sasami?”

	Not getting any response, Ryoko turned and looked at her partner.  

	“Hey, Sasami?  Oi!  Snap out of it, kiddo, you can stare dreamily at him later.”

	“R-right,” she stammered, getting Ryoko her bandages from the first 
aid kit.

	Ryoko blinked in surprise;  she had meant her comment completely in 
jest and was quite surprised at Sasami’s reaction to it.  A quick grin flashed on 
her face in recognition as the hint of an idea began to take shape in the back of 
her mind.  Her expression dropped back into a feigned seriousness as Sasami 
faced her again, passing over the dressings.

	“Here you go, Ryoko-san,” she said, blushing while trying not to stare 
at the stranger’s face too blatantly this time.

	Ryoko grinned inwardly as she began to clean away some of the blood 
running down the side of the man’s cheek.

	‘This could be very interesting,’ she thought.  As she continued to 
clean him up, Ryoko further examined the man.

	‘Not bad looking.  Definitely a westerner, maybe from America,’ she 
pondered.  ‘Poor Sasami was so struck, her mouth was actually hanging open.’

	Ryoko chuckled in spite of herself.

	“Uh, something funny, Ryoko-san?” Sasami asked nervously.

	“Oh, no, nothing,” Ryoko evaded, compressing the wound with one 
dressing while finishing cleaning up his face with the other.

	“See if you can take a look at his shoulder, there,” Ryoko indicated, 
changing the subject.  “It looks like it’s starting to bruise.”

	Sasami moved around the steps to the other side of the man’s body, 
peeled the neckline of his shirt back, and peered at the skin on the shoulder.

	“Yes, it’s scraped up kind of bad, and it’s definitely started to bruise,” 
she reported.

	Ryoko nodded as she replaced the compression bandage with a fresh 
dressing, and applied medical tape to hold it down.  “We’re going to have to 
move him up to the house at the very least, I think.”

	“I agree,” nodded Sasami.  “How are we going to move him?  Shall I 
run get Tenchi and Yosho to help?”
	
	Ryoko considered it for a moment before getting an idea.

	“Hang on a minute.  How about some of those new abilities you’ve 
been experimenting with?  Tsunami could levitate things around easily.”  
Ryoko looked directly at Sasami with an unwavering gaze.  “I think we should 
give that a try.”

	“Well… I suppose we could, but—”

	“All right then,” Ryoko cut her off.  “You concentrate on top half of 
him, and I’ll keep his lower half up off the ground.  That way we can keep him 
level and comfortable all the way back to the house.”

	Ryoko looked down at the stranger.  “We’ll have Tenchi come down 
and retrieve his pack later.  You ready, Sasami?”  Sasami nodded with a touch 
of hesitation, and began to concentrate.

	Ryoko, too, began to concentrate, but was ready to levitate the young 
man much faster than Sasami.  In truth, Ryoko could have raised him all the 
way back to the house without even breaking a sweat, but she was more 
interested in doing everything in her power to help Sasami accept herself for 
what she was.

Ryoko waited for Sasami, watching as the princess’s hair flared out 
slightly from the energy.  “I’m ready when you are, Sasami.”

	“I’m ready now, I think,” nodded Sasami.  “Let’s do it.”  Together, 
they gently levitated the stranger up off the stairs and began walking him up 
the path back towards the house.

	“Okay,” assured Ryoko, “we’ll just walk him back to the house.  He’s 
still unconscious, so he shouldn’t have any memory of our little supernatural 
rescue service.”

	Sasami looked up from her concentration.  “That’s right, we don’t 
want him to get suspicious about things, do we?”

	Ryoko shook her head, “No, we don’t.  I’ll be sure to warn Washu 
and Tenchi to be discrete and careful, but if Mihoshi decides to land another 
Galactic Police cruiser on the house, we might have difficulties explaining it 
away.”

	Sasami, a small bead of sweat appearing on her brow, nodded in 
fervent agreement.

					*	*	*


	Dressed from head to toe in her perfectly cute nurse’s outfit, Washu 
leaned back from the bed where the stranger was laying, still unconscious.  
Consulting her virtual console, she peered at a number of readouts intently.

	“Well,” demanded her daughter, “is he all right?”

	Washu nodded.  “It seems that he has nothing more than a nasty cut 
on the head and a mild concussion.  As for the injury to his shoulder, it 
appears to be a bad bruise as well as a few lacerations from impacting with the 
stairs, but there are no broken bones, and his shoulder is not dislocated.”

	Sasami breathed out a sigh of relief.  “Well that’s something.  Now 
we know we don’t have to call out to a hospital for an ambulance.”

	Ryoko smiled at the princess.  “Indeed, that would be terrible if he 
had to leave before you even got to ask his name, wouldn’t it?”  She was 
rewarded with a rosy blush from Sasami’s cheeks.

	Washu looked up at the pair of women with a raised eyebrow.   “Am I 
missing something?”

	“No, not really,” Ryoko shook her head.  “Speaking of names, he 
should have some identification in his pockets, eh?  Let’s take a look.”

	Ryoko fished around through the man’s jeans, which were still being 
worn.  His shirt, torn from the fall and stained with blood, had been given up 
for lost and thrown in the trash.  Tenchi, after having retrieved the backpack 
from the stairs, reported that there was, among other things, a change of 
clothes that the man had brought along with him.  

	“Here we go!” exclaimed Ryoko, locating his wallet.  “Yep, he’s an 
American, that’s for certain.”  She peered intently at the license for a moment, 
trying her best to sound out his name in English.  “Nat-han-el…. Swann, I 
think.  I’ve never really bothered to absorb much of the English language 
while I’ve been on Earth, so I can’t be certain.”

	“Nat-han-el,” Sasami mouthed.  “It’s an odd sounding name.”

	Ryoko nodded, “I’m probably pronouncing it wrong.  I’ll do my best 
to tap into Ryo-ohki’s language database and see if I can’t learn enough to do 
better by tomorrow.  You should be able to do similarly, Sasami, if you want.”

	Sasami nodded and turned to Washu.  “How long do you think he’ll 
remain sleeping like this, Washu?”

	Washu closed her virtual console, and it disappeared.

	“Hrmmm.  Probably no more than a day, though I can’t be certain.  
He’s brain is fairly annoyed at being knocked around like that and is likely to 
remain shut down for about that long.”  She looked over her patient.  “Just let 
him sleep.  He’ll wake up sooner or later.”

	Washu pulled the covers up from his waste to cover his bare torso.

	“It’s a shame to cover that chest, but I don’t want him catching a 
chill,” she giggled.  She turned and left the room, leaving Sasami watching the 
young man breath softly.

	Ryoko smiled in spite of herself and left the room as well.

	‘It’s hard to believe,’ she thought, ‘that I had a similar confused 
expression on my face after just meeting Tenchi for the first time.’

	Ryoko thought a bit about the vague plans still forming in her head.

	‘I certainly don’t want to try to be as manipulative as Ayeka in a 
matter like this, but maybe I can help nudged Sasami in a good direction.  He 
looks like a nice young man.  We’ll see what he’s like when he wakes up.’

	Ryoko turned a corner and grinned viscously.

	‘If he turns out to be not so nice, I can always drop him off 
somewhere in the Pacific!’ she giggled, and went looking for her husband.

					*	*	*


	Enthusiasm had quickly turned to incredulous self-berating as Sasami 
went hunting for Ryo-ohki to access the little creature’s databases.  As she 
came down the stairs a few minutes after Ryoko, Sasami stopped to consider 
why she was in such a hurry.  Eyebrows scrunching in thought, the princess 
stopped her hunt for the cabbit and decided to plop down on the living room 
sofa, instead.  Snagging a hold of the television remote control, Sasami 
activated the device and began channel surfing.

	One after the other, various programs ranging from the uninteresting 
to downright irritating flashed by.  All Sasami was looking for was a mindless 
distraction that would allow her to try and ignore all the confusion spinning 
about her noggin.  Thanks to Washu’s insatiable need to tinker and ‘improve’ 
things, the Masaki residence television was hooked to a small dish on the roof 
of the house, which was pointed to a distant satellite overhead.  As a result 
Sasami had over eight hundred channels to chose from, but she still was 
unable to find anything worth watching.  Every time she paused on a show 
that looked like it might have some potential for distraction, it ended up being 
so annoying that her irritation soared.  Finally, she struck gold.

	‘The Weather Channel!’ she sighed in relief.  ‘This has to be the 
most mind numbing channel in the universe.’

	Sasami settled back into the sofa, absorbing the maps and forecasts 
scrolling across the television screen.  It did not really matter that this 
broadcast was coming from North America and that she hardly understood a 
bit of it, she could still figure out what was going on as the weather girl 
pointed to swirling cloud masses in time lapse loops.  As the forecasts 
continued, Sasami found her thoughts had settled enough to apply something 
resembling rationality to the days events.

	‘Ryoko and Washu were laughing at me,’ she concluded to herself.  
‘And, gee, what a surprise.  My mouth was probably hanging open like a little 
girl.’

	The thought made her teeth grind.

	‘Why should I expect them to treat me like an adult if I act like a girl 
when some hurt stranger walks through the door.  I don’t even know *why* I 
reacted that way.  It’s not like I’m even interested in anything like that, 
especially since I’m leaving in two weeks for Jurai.’

	A smile grew on the princess’s face as she tried to rationalize her 
actions.  ‘It must have just been surprise at seeing an American around here.  
I’m sure that’s it.’

	“You’re smiling again, Sasami,” commented Washu, “keep that up 
and people might start thinking you *are* happy.”  

	The scientist had removed her nurse’s clothing and was garbed in her 
usual fare.  She settled down on the opposite end of the sofa.

	“Oh, Washu!” jumped Sasami.  “You could be right, I suppose.  That 
wouldn’t be a bad thing, though.  I actually feel better having talked to you 
and Ryoko about it all.”

	Washu nodded, “Yes, discussing your problems generally seems to be 
comforting to most people.  I have to give credit to my daughter for that whole 
picnic idea.”

	“I figured it was a set-up.”

	“I’m not surprised,” agreed Washu, “we weren’t trying to be 
cunning.”

	A thought occurred to the scientist.

	“I was meaning to ask you, by the way, when you found the stranger on the 
steps injured… why didn’t you just use your healing talents to fix his wounds?  
Tsunami had done far greater feats of healing in her past, surely you could have 
fixed a few cuts and scrapes.”

	Sasami nodded, “I know I could have, Washu.  It’s something I’ve 
given a great deal of thought to over the years, really.  I think that the usage of 
my powers to heal someone is in itself a disrupting act.”

	Washu looked curious.

	“A disrupting act?” she echoed.

	“Yes.  Oh, how can I explain this?” Sasami muttered.  “Let’s say 
someone has an injury or illness and I come along to heal them.  Already, the 
person’s body is reacting to the injury or illness in many complex ways before 
I get there to repair the damage or fight the illness.  So, when I do arrive and 
heal the person, the immediate injury is taken care of, but the body is still in a 
mode where it’s trying to repair itself.”

	Sasami pointed the remote control at the television and switched it 
off.  “It takes a while for this process to stop, and I believe that some bad side 
effects which damage the body may take place until it does.  Also, where does 
the energy I use to accelerate the healing process come from?  I channel the 
energy, but I think most of it comes from the injured person’s own body, 
which could also have a  weakening effect on other bodily functions.”

	“Conservation of Energy Theory,” Washu pondered.  “Energy is 
neither created or destroyed (much), it only changes form, and it mostly comes 
from somewhere or someone besides you when you heal, right?”

	“I think so.  At any rate I feel in the case of some scrapes and bruises, 
even a mild concussion, it’s better to not interfere with the body’s own system 
of healing.”  Sasami put the remote control down.  “It’s just a theory, really.  I 
don’t have any real evidence to support it, just my feelings.”

	“Hey, now,” interrupted Washu, “do not discredit feelings.  They’re 
often the first step in solving a scientific mystery!  Sometimes, when you don’t 
have any other information available, those first instinctual feelings are the 
best things to go on.”

	Washu paused a moment.  “Of course,” she grinned, “those first 
feelings have led me to create any number of devices that have exploded 
magnificently the first time used, but nobody’s perfect.”

	“Best things to go on…” mouthed Sasami.

	She smiled suddenly.  “Thanks, Washu!”

	“What for?”

	“Oh… well, before you sat down, I was planning on glumly accepting 
my fate for the next two weeks and moping about until the royal escort 
comes.”

	The smile faded just a touch.  “I’m still way less than thrilled,” the 
princess admitted, “but I figure I should spend the time on Earth doing 
*something* and enjoying myself as much as I can before I have to leave.”

	“Really?” countered Washu.  “Would learning a few key phrases in 
English be a part of that little something?”

	“I don’t see how it could hurt,” Sasami replied innocently.

	Washu smirked.  “I bet.”

	Another thought occurred to the petite redhead.  “Say, Sasami, about 
those precognition dreams you sometimes have.  Do they always come true?”

	Sasami shook her head.  “No, as a matter of fact, they don’t.  Well, I 
mean, the general shape of the event often occurs, but not always with the 
outcome I dreamt about.  I don’t think that the future is that easy dictated, and 
there are so many events that can take place before the event I dream of 
actually happens… It’s like, if I make a decision that seems to be counter to 
the direction of the dream, something different will happen, though the 
magnitude of the overall change is impossible to foresee until the event 
actually occurs.”

	“I see.  So, if you decided to jump planet right now and avoid going to 
Jurai, you think somehow you would end up there eventually, just not in the 
exact way you dreamed about?” asked Washu.

	“Something like that,” agreed Sasami.  “Perhaps in chains instead of 
a royal escort, though I have fortunately not had any dreams like that.  Some 
disturbing ones, I have to admit.”

	“Really,” inquired Washu, “like what?”

	“Um,” began Sasami uncomfortably, “I’ve had this one part of a 
dream where Tenchi abandons me when Ayeka forces me to marry on Jurai.  
It’s not at all pleasant as dreams go.”  She made a face.

	“I can see how it wouldn’t be,” Washu commented.

					*	*	*


	A lot of things were hurting pretty bad, and it was very difficult to 
self-diagnose the sensations.  For some reason all the pains were coming from 
the right side of my body.  This in itself was disconcerting as, once upon a 
time, I was the sole participant in a rather spectacular downhill cycling 
accident, resulting in a good deal of skin on the right side of my body being 
removed in one fashion or another by the pavement.  The interesting thing 
about that accident is that I can not, to this day, remember anything about the 
crash itself.  The last thing I remember was getting peeled off the road by 
some men from a landscape truck that had almost run over me after I wrecked.  

	I tried to open my eyes to get some kind of bearings.  Unfortunately, 
the felt like they were glued shut, and most of my brain felt the same way.  I 
did have the presence of mind to perform the ‘panic check’, however.  I have 
knocked my front teeth out a few times from some sensational accidents, and 
as a result I am rather sensitive about tooth damage.  In any situation where I 
think I have been hurt in any fashion, the first thing I do invariably is take my 
tongue and hunt for my front teeth.

	They were still there.

	I instantly relaxed a great deal once I had my teeth accounted for.  My 
bones can be broken, my skin can be ground up like cheese, but as long as my 
teeth are okay, everything will be all right.  I tried to open my eyes again, and 
this time I got a little further.

	Where ever I was, it wasn’t terribly bright.  Nothing is worse than 
waking up, injured, under those really bright lights a lot of emergency rooms 
tend to fancy;  the pain is usually worse than whatever sent you there in the 
first place.  Either I was in a dark room, or it was nighttime.  Needless to say, I 
was in someone’s bed, and I didn’t recognize the feel of it.  It was not the bed I 
had been sleeping in the past two nights back in town, so perhaps I was in 
another hotel?  That did not make too much sense, since I had not left the 
town except to go visit a shrine or two.

	That line of thought brought a bit of my memory back, like a replay 
you don’t recognize at first, but it becomes more clear the longer you watch it.  
I remember getting off a bus, walking up some stairs, and then getting blind 
sided by something moving very fast.

	I groaned a little bit, closed my eyes again, and tried to think some 
more.  My head REALLY hurt right above my eye.  I think my shoulder hurt 
as well, but it was hard to tell as it did not really want to function when I 
commanded it to.  Resigned to whatever Fate had in store for me, I cranked 
my eyes back open again and turned my head over to inspect the damage.  
That did not do me too much good, because it was rather dark and everything 
had a blurry feel.  I did panic a bit then as the realization I was not wearing 
my glasses hit me.

	Let me explain something about glasses, for those of you who either 
do not need them, have only a very slight stigmatism, or wear the silly things 
for fashion.  There is a segment of the population out there, for which I am a 
part of, who need glasses to do everything, short of avoiding smacking into 
parked cars or small boulders, while walking around.  I can function without 
them, it just limits my world incredibly.  If you ever want to know what it is 
like to be near-sighted (that is, have only clear vision up to about five inches 
away from your face), take a pair of binoculars, make the focus really bad, and 
stare through them while you try to navigate around your house or outside.  

	Essentially, detail without glasses for me becomes non-existent, 
unless it is in those five inches from my nose (at which distance, both eyes can 
not really focus on the object well at the same time, making for more troubles).  
It is ironic, really, because my eye problems began when I was six, as I 
constantly read lots of books with the pages no more than those few inches 
from my face.  Suffice to say, if I do not have ready knowledge of the location 
of my glasses, I get a bit agitated.  On a few occasions in my life, I have been 
so absent minded as to forget where I laid my glasses the night before that I 
have had to ask someone to help me find them.  That is extremely 
disconcerting, especially when you depend on them for a great deal of your 
life.

	So, naturally, I decided to sit up and look for them, just for my peace 
of mind.  That was a huge mistake as the minute my head lifted off the pillow, 
I got a nauseated feeling like I was spinning violently and sank back to the 
bed.

	I made a mental note not to try that again.

	The left side of my body was feeling chipper, as usual, so I slowly 
brought my left hand over and lightly touched my face.  There were a few 
scrapes and scratches there, I could tell quite easily.  Something more 
significant was hidden on my forehead, too, since there was a rather thick 
bandage taped to my head.  I decided to leave it alone and move past my 
shoulder all together.  It felt very sore and heavy, as if it were best left alone.  
My right arm and hand seemed fine, with just an itch or two here and there 
indicating a laceration or scrape.  I left my left hand slide back to its original 
place, and I closed my eyes.

	I had not planned on doing so, but I instantly fell back into a 
dreamless sleep.

					*	*	*


	Whether it was the flurry of activity earlier in the day, or the 
concentration that had been required to absorb the elements of the English 
language from Ryo-ohki’s database,  Sasami had fallen asleep not soon after 
calling the day quits.  For quite some time, she drifted along in a still slumber, 
not stirring at all except for the movements of an occasional finger twitch or 
her regular breathing pattern.  Sometime in the dead of the morning, however, 
a dream began to filter through the stillness.

	At first, Sasami was quite aware of being somewhere dark, where 
everything around her was a flat, totally reflective surface stretching out to the 
horizons.  In fact, she could not be certain where the dark horizon ended and 
the sky began;  it was all the same, yet distinct in some unfathomable way.  
How long this scene remained, Sasami could not gauge very well.  She might 
have been there minutes or years as a sense of time when dreaming is 
sometimes hard to come by.  At some length she was suddenly aware that she 
was looking at herself, on the same featureless, dark plain, from a small 
distance away.  She saw herself standing calmly, as if waiting for something to 
occur, but not really concerned with what that might be.

	Eventually,  two bodies began two swirl around the image of Sasami 
slowly, forming as wisps of dark fog at first, then materializing into the forms 
of two men.  The part of Sasami that was observing the scene, just as detached 
as the image of Sasami standing, could not make out the images of the men at 
all, except that they were facing outwards, diligently circling the princess all 
the while.  For some reason the actions of the two mysterious men had a 
soothing effect on the sleeping Sasami.  The dream was emotionless for her to 
begin with, but the images seemed to relay that there was no need for any 
concern, or alarm.

	Presently, more forms began to materialize around the standing 
Sasami and her two enigmas.  As she watched herself from her disembodied 
position, the forms began to shape themselves into man-like bodies, only more 
numerous and circling Sasami’s body in a direction counter to that of the first 
two men.  Again, Sasami felt nothing more than an emotionless detachment, 
but now the feeling of safety was somehow dissolved.

	Ever so slowly the shadowy forms encroached upon the two 
unidentified men protecting Sasami’s body.  And protecting her they were, 
Sasami realized from outside the action.  The numerous shadows had drawn 
long, hazy blades of energy and were slicing at the two men each time they 
passed.  With an increasing speed, the circling of the shadows became so fast 
that it was no long possible to distinguish them from one another.  The two 
faceless men parried and stuck with an equally dizzying speed with their own 
indistinct weapons, but were being steadily pushed back towards Sasami’s still 
expressionless body.  It was apparent, though the dream, that one of the two 
men was weaker than the other, and his efforts to stave off the circling attacks 
becoming more and more laborious.  His partner, though holding his own well 
against the shadows, could no more land a solid strike on any of them than 
had he been trying to hit the moon in the sky.

	Eventually, the weaker of the two warriors was struck once, then 
several times more in quick succession.  Staggering to a knee, several of the 
shadows broke from the tightening ranks and stuck the man down further, 
until he collapsed completely and did not return to his feet.  At this time the 
remaining man, still having defended himself so far, was quickly 
overwhelmed.  After a brief and violent flurry of shadows, his body struck the 
ground as well.

	‘And yet there is no sound,’ Sasami seemed to think in her 
disembodied form, ‘not even a whisper of wind or motion.’  

	Still emotionless despite the fall of her protectors, the shadow 
attackers circled upon Sasami’s undefended body, reaching out with phantom 
hands, grasping for her clothing and her arms.  With the distance finally 
closed, at least twenty hands seemed to reach out and secure some part of her 
body and hold her firmly.  Then, with a deliberate slowness, all the hands 
pulled her body in a dozen different directions, outwards, until she split apart 
into vapor with a bland expression still on her face.  The scene fell away into 
darkness as the shadows leisurely melted away in the black.

	Sasami opened her eyes and observed the ceiling of her bedroom.  
She had not moved at all thought the entire night and remained unmoving, 
despite the sickening emotions the dream was now beginning to lay upon her.  
Shivering slightly, Sasami recognized that she was completely drenched in 
sweat and beginning to chill.  Rolling stiffly out of her futon, she padded out 
of her bedroom shivering and entered the women’s bathroom.  Relying only on 
the moonlight streaming in dimly from the clear protective dome above, she 
found a hot spring bath, her hands starting to tremble as she fumbled to ease 
herself into the steaming water in the darkness.

	Sasami got into the hot spring, clothes and all, and crouched down, 
hugging her knees to her chest while trying to absorb any kind of warmth.

					*	*	*


	It was getting definitely uncomfortable, wherever I was.  Despite my 
best efforts to avoid it, there was a blinding light that seemed to surround me 
at ever position.  Giving in to the realization that I was not going to be able to 
forcefully prolong my sleep any further, I opened my eyes owlishly.

	“Good morning,” a man’s voice said in Japanese.  “How are you 
feeling this morning?  Can I get you anything, a drink or something to eat?”

	Rolling my head on the pillow towards the direction of the voice, I 
made out a blurry figure with what appeared to be dark brown hair.  Smacking 
my lips softly, I tried to work out the cottony feeling that seemed to be stuffing 
my mouth from sleep.

	“Huuuuh, ugnh,” or something like that croaked from the back of my 
throat.

	“Ah,” the figure replied, “sounds like that’s a request for something 
to drink.”

	The figure got up out of a chair and headed away from the bed.  I 
watched him slide a door open.

	“I’ll be right back with something for you,” he called over his 
shoulder as the door slid back shut.  

	At that moment my brain would have been happy to just sink back 
into a childlike inactivity and let things around me simply happen, but I really 
did not want to be totally out of control of my situation as it developed about 
me.  Gathering my will, and recalling the nausea the previous such attempt 
had caused, I heaved myself up into a sitting position with my left arm.  My 
right shoulder and arm still hurt, but now the pain was something along the 
lines of a general ache.  I still did not feel like moving my shoulder much, so I 
did not bother to try.  Rubbing my eyes with my good hand, I tried my best to 
make out my surroundings.

	It was not easy to do.  My head still had some sensation of vertigo, 
but it was not too bad.  The main problem was my impaired vision;  I could 
tell I was in a small bedroom with a desk, chair, and closet along with the bed 
I was resting in.  I saw what looked like my hiking pack in a corner, but for 
the life of me I could not spy my glasses.  

	The door slide back open and two people walked through.  “You’re 
able to sit up,” the same man commented.  “That’s good.  We weren’t sure 
how hard of a hit you’d taken on your head.”

	I must have looked confused until I remembered the bandage on my 
forehead.  I reached up an touched it tentatively, wincing just a bit at the 
pressure from my finger tips.  I struggled to say something in reply, but my 
brain was still too sleepy to process a Japanese string of thought.  The second 
person who had walked through the door spoke up.

	“Aaaah!  Not easy to talk in Japanese with a head injury, eh?” the 
woman said sympathetically.

	Surprising me completely, she then switched over into English, 
“Maybe you’ll be a little more coherent speaking in your native language?”  It 
looked like she was grinning, but I could not be sure.

	“Uh… Yes,” I replied slowly in English, “Forgive me, but I can’t 
seem to put my thoughts together very well today.”

	The woman nodded.  She was about the same height as the man, with 
a large, spiky mane of a peculiar shade of cyan.

	“I don’t doubt that at all,” she said, “you made a nice effort at trying 
to fly, but I wouldn’t suggest you keep at it as a hobby.”  She had the smallest 
hint of an accent, and it was not Japanese.

	Nodding a bit, I said, “Yeah, what… what happened to me?  I think 
someone ran into me.”  It was all still a bit foggy.  “I must have taken a spill.”  
The man handed me a glass of water.  I nodded appreciatively and thanked 
him in Japanese.

	“Yes,” said the woman, “that would have been my daughter, Yui, 
who was running down the steps to catch the morning bus.  She’s perpetually 
late, and you were just the latest victim of her tardiness.”

	“Latest victim?” I inquired, not picking up on her humor at all.

	“Sure,” she replied.  “You should feel lucky.  You’re the first who’s 
ever survived one of her collisions.”  I choked a bit on my water as I finally 
realized that the woman was teasing me.  

	The man turned to the woman and said, “Ryoko-san, what is he 
asking?”

	She replied, “He’s asking if you’re available for marriage.  He says 
from the first moment he opened his eyes, he was in complete love with you, 
the gallant knight who brought him water.”  Her low voice was full of 
seriousness.

	“EEEHHH?” the man seemed obviously shocked, sending me a fast 
look.

	I started to laugh, as I finally had the mental capacity to understand 
what was being said.  The laughter I emitted made my shoulder start to ache 
badly again, so I quickly snuffed it down to a mild chuckle.  I wish I had my 
glasses, I would have killed to see his expression clearly.

	The woman appeared to touch the man affectionately on the hand, 
and turned to me.

	“Well, if you’re able to laugh, you’re not so bad off.  My name is 
Ryoko, and the overly gullible man beside me is my husband, Tenchi Masaki,” 
she continued in English.  “Tell me, how are you feeling?” she asked, leaning 
forward to inspect my shoulder and head.

	“I’m aching in my head and shoulder,” I answered slowly.  “I guess – 
I guess that happened in the fall down the stairs?  Man, how long have I been 
knocked out?”

	Ryoko, still inspecting my arm, said, “Oh, about a day.  You got hit 
by my daughter yesterday morning around six thirty, and right now it is -” she 
looked at her wrist “- about eleven.  So, you’ve been out for quite a while.”

	I winced as she peeled back my shoulder dressings and looked at my 
injuries.

	“A bad bruise there,” the woman said, “a few scrapes and scratches, 
but nothing else serious looking.”  I shot a worried look at my shoulder, and 
Tenchi picked up on my discomfort.

	“Ah, if you’re wondering about your condition,” he began, “it just so 
happens my mother-in-law is a doctor and lives with us.  She diagnosed and 
treated your injuries.  If you wish to speak with her this morning, we can get 
her.”  I nodded to the man, Tenchi, showing I understood him.

	“That’s really fortunate.  Thank you, Masaki-san, I would appreciate 
that.”  He nodded and left the room.  I did not want to make it look like I was 
not grateful for these people bandaging me up, but the fact that there was a 
doctor in the house made me feel much more secure.  

	Ryoko spoke up, “Well, we’ll get my mother, Washu, up here to 
check you out again.  She’s a very good doctor, actually, as she’ll probably 
mention a few dozen times when she arrives.” 

	“Thank you very much Mrs. Masaki –” I began, before getting cut off.

	“Oh, please!” she laughed.  “Please call me Ryoko, or Ryoko-san if 
you feel the need to keep with Japanese manners.  Personally, it doesn’t matter 
to me much.”

	“You’re not Japanese,” I guessed.  “Your English sounds American, 
and your blonde hair doesn’t fit in with the native population, really.”  I 
wondered if I had stumbled upon some people from back across the Pacific.  
Suddenly, I realized how much I had missed just hearing someone speaking 
my native language in the past week.  

	Instantly, I was starting to feel relaxed and better.

	“Uh, yeah,” she started, “I, uh, met my husband while on a vacation 
of sorts in Japan, but I’m from America.”

	“Really?  Small world, isn’t it?  Which part of the States?  You don’t 
sound Canadian.”

	“Well-” she tried to say, but was interrupted by a short and petite 
woman who walked through the door.

	“Well, she doesn’t sound Canadian, because she isn’t,” said the newly 
arrived, red-haired woman in English that had a definite mid-western flair to 
it.  

	“Sooo, are we deciding that waking up is a good idea this morning?” 
she inquired boisterously.  “That’s good.  I would have had to figure out 
something to do with your body if you hadn’t made it!”  She dragged a cart on 
wheels through the door that appeared to have some large equipment on it. 

	“I’m Washu, by the way, and I just happen to be one the best doctor 
*and* scientist in the world –”

	“Told you,” Ryoko said to me.

	“— so don’t *you* feel lucky?”

	I nodded.  “I guess I am lucky,” I replied, still just a little suspicious 
of the situation I was really in.  “My name is Nathan –”

	“Nathaniel Swann!” the little doctor cut me off.  “Yes, when you first 
got here, we wanted to see your name, so we searched your pants for your 
wallet.  Hello!!” she giggled.

	I was instantly suspicious of what *else* she might have searched.

	“Washu,” growled Ryoko, “he’s been through enough without your 
bothering him more.”

	“My, where *did* I get such a grumbling daughter?”  Washu 
pondered.  “Oh, well.  Let’s see how you’re doing, shall we?”

	I startled as a very loud snapping noise popped in the air.  The red-
haired doctor was putting on protective rubber gloves as she peered at my 
shoulder.  

	“Ah, yes.  The swelling has gone down as I expected, but I’ll take 
another x-ray to make sure I didn’t miss anything yesterday.”  Washu began to 
slowly pull the bandage off my head, the tape pulling at my skin.  I winced a 
little bit.

	“There, there,” Washu comforted, “I’m sure that stings a little, but 
it’s not too bad is it?”

	“No, no ma’am,” I said, “just the bandage pulling a bit.  You have to 
be from the mid-west, right?”  I could not help it.  After seeing ‘Fargo’ any 
kind of accent from the mid-west almost always made me smile.

	“Ya, you betcha!” Washu agreed.  “They don’t make this kind of 
voice just anywhere!”  She finished her inspection and turned to her cart.  She 
fiddled a bit with the contraption, and finally extended a small boom out over 
my injured shoulder.

	“We’ll use this to scan your shoulder right quick,” she declared.  
Pressing a button, the machine made some small noises, and the boom moved 
over the length of my injury.  When it was finished, a monitor on the cart 
suddenly brightened.  Washu peered at it.

	“Mmm-hmm.  Just as I suspected.  No broken bones or injured 
ligaments in your shoulder at all.  Just one heck of a large bruise.”  She turned 
the monitor towards me.  “See for yourself.”

	I peered at the blurry image on the monitor, but I could not make 
heads or tails of it without my glasses.  “Um, I’m sorry, but I can’t see 
anything without my glasses.  Where are they?”

	“Glasses?” Ryoko echoed in surprise, making my heart sink just a bit.  
They were my only pair in Japan, and if they were lost, I was in trouble.  “I 
had no idea you had any.  You weren’t wearing them when we found you.”  

	She crossed her arms and huffed.  “I guess they must have gotten 
knocked off in the impact with my daughter.  Don’t worry, I’ll go with my 
husband and look for them.”

	“Thank you very, very much,” I breathed, relieved that they were 
probably somewhere still out by the stairs I had fallen down.  “I appreciate it, 
really.”

	Ryoko waved a blurry hand, “Hey, no problem.  Least I can do since 
my daughter clocked you.   Be back in a bit.”  She left the room.  I looked back 
at Washu and the blurry monitor.

	“Well, you’ll just have to take my word for the image,” she said 
brightly.  “I also scanned the rest of your arm yesterday where you have some 
lacerations and bruises, but except for an old healed break in your forearm, 
there was no other damage.”

	That convinced me she was on the level.  The break in my arm was 
over fifteen years old, and she had seen it as such.

	“Sounds fine with me,” I sighed.

	“Now, don’t worry a bit,” Washu said, noting my sigh.  “I think you 
should be up and around on your feet by this evening if you want.  Your 
shoulder will be hard to move for a couple of days because of the injury, but 
you should start to get full mobility from it in a few days.”  She touched my 
forehead.  “The cut up here wasn’t too deep, so I’ve just got some butterfly 
bandages on it.  No need for stitches if your body can do the job itself.”

	I nodded me head rapidly, repeating, “Sounds fine with me.”  
Suddenly, I started to get an uncomfortable pressure in my belly and bladder.

	“Yes, I’ll have my assistant, Sasami, come up in a few minutes,” 
Washu continued, apparently oblivious to my discomfort, “and she’ll be sure to 
redress you – err, your injuries, that is!”

	“Um,” I began.

	“Yes, is there something you need?” Washu asked.

	“Directions to a bathroom,” I replied with a pinched face.

	Washu laughed a bit too gleefully for my comfort.  “Oh, really?  I can 
help with that!”

					*	*	*


	From inside a large closet on the second floor of the Masaki 
residence, a great deal of shuffling and rattling could be heard.  Within the 
walk-in closet, Princess Sasami rooted about as she identified and confiscated 
various bandages and medicines that Washu had requested for her patient.  
Washu had ‘volunteered’ Sasami to go and redress the man’s wounds after her 
reexamination was completed, but the princess was not sure exactly how she 
felt about her newly found medical duties.

	Inside of Sasami’s pretty noggin, a small battle was raging between 
the forces of depression and adventure.  Despite the assurances she had given 
Washu the day before about trying to be optimistic about her situation, in truth 
Sasami was finding it very difficult to remain light hearted.  She picked off the 
last of the items Washu wanted and paused, standing quietly in the closet.

	‘What’s the point?’ she asked, handing herself a large helping of 
defeat.  ‘Why am I getting excited about some stranger when I know that he’ll 
be up and gone in a day or two, and I’ll be leaving for Jurai soon after?’  
Sasami scrunched her eyebrows and took a deep breath.  

	“It’s ridiculous,” she said out loud, “I’ll just go in there and do what 
Washu wants me to do and be done with it.”

	Sasami backed herself out of the closet, closed the door with one of 
her feet, and turned to walk down the hallway.

	‘Besides,’ she continued with her irrational berating, ‘the only 
interest I have ever been able to muster is from boring nobles and furry 
cabbits.  He’s not going to be any different.’ 

	She took a deep breath as she reached the patient’s door.

	‘Well, at least I can appear to be happy,’ Sasami thought, sticking a 
small smile on her face.  ‘Let’s get this done.’

	She slid the door open and walked in, finding she was the only person 
in the room besides her patient.  Looking up from the items in her hands, 
Sasami looked at the young man and again felt the same disturbing sense of 
shock she had first experienced on the stairs.

	He turned his head at the sound of the door sliding open and asked, 
“Hello?”

	The princess found her power of speech momentarily lost.  “Uh, h-
hello,” she blurted in English.  The young man’s face brightened.

	“Hey, you are an American, too?” he asked.  “You must be related to 
Doctor Washu and Ryoko-san, right?”

	Sasami’s mind was in a whirl, but she quickly remembered the cover 
story that had already been devised in case the patient began asking questions 
of this sort.

	“Um, no,” she began, “I’m an American cousin of Tenchi.  My name 
is Sasami Masaki.”  She placed the medical items down on a dresser and 
looked at the young man again.

	“I’m pleased to meet you, Sasami,” he said brightly.  “My name is 
Nathaniel Swann.  You’re here to patch me up again, so to speak?”  His voice 
was deep and rich, with a soothing quality to it.

	“Wow,” Sasami blurted, “you sound like you should be on the radio.”  
For no particular reason, she looked embarrassed as she made the comment.

	Nathaniel smiled rather wryly and replied, “Yeah, my college 
advisors told me on any number of occasions that I was wasting a career in 
radio by being an engineer.”  He rolled his eyes good-naturedly and smiled.  “I 
haven’t decide yet if they were right or not.”

	Sasami found his sense of humor infectious and began to smile 
herself.  His gaze did not waver from her face for one instant, but any self 
consciousness she might have felt was disarmed by his cheerful expression.  
	
	“Really?” she replied, sitting down next to the head of the bed.  “So 
why didn’t you?  I bet you would have done well with a voice like that.”

	It was Nathaniel’s turn to look a little embarrassed.  “Well,” he said, 
“it just never occurred to me, actually.  Up until I got to college, I never used 
to talk that much.”

	“Mm-hmm,” said Sasami as she began to remove his old head 
bandages.  “This may sting just a little bit,” she apologized.

	“No problem,” Nathaniel replied, his gaze still fixed upon the 
princess’s face.  “Are you a nursing assistant, then?” he asked, not flinching 
an inch as the dressings came off.

	“Who me?” Sasami answered, focused on the bandages.  “No, I’m 
just a princess—”  She cut herself off, her hands freezing in mid-air above his 
head.

	“No kidding.  Is the pay good?”

	‘Ohmygod! Ohmygod! Ohmygod!’ blitzed Sasami’s brain as it 
registered what she had just blurted out.  ‘Quick, quick!  Think of something 
witty to reply!’

	“Uh, pay?”

	‘Oh, geez, brilliant response, Sasami, you goof.’

	“Yeah,” smiled Nathaniel, “with all the work princesses have to do 
these days, you must get a nice salary for all those photo appearances, 
christening new ships, and having to date boring princes, right?”

	“Actually,” she disagreed as her mind still whirled, “I generally get 
chained to squat tree in a dark basement with only moldy bread with water to 
eat.”  She then smiled weakly, “The princes *are* boring, however.”

	Nathaniel chuckled.  “Yes, I can see how your sense of humor would 
be wasted on them.”

	Sasami started to let herself relax, realizing that Nathaniel had 
thought she was joking the entire time.  She decided to make sure he kept that 
impression.

	“Thanks, I appreciate that,” she smiled back.  “Actually, I’m more of 
a, uh, cook than anything else, I suppose.”  She finished her work on his 
forehead and moved her attentions to his shoulder.  “Not really professional, of 
course.  Mainly just for my family here.”  She removed his shoulder bandages 
and fetched a bottle of disinfectant for his lacerations.

	“Actually, that sounds better than being a princess,” Nathaniel 
commented.  “Besides, aren’t the cooks the ones who get to poison the royal 
families?  I think I’d rather be in that position myself – ow!”  The peroxide 
Sasami had applied began to work its way into his cuts, cleaning them out.

	“Sorry about that,” she winced in sympathy.  “I know that has to 
sting.”

	“Oh, no worries,” Nathaniel sighed.  “It can’t be helped, I know.”  
Nathaniel released his tension and settled back into the bed.

“So, will I have the opportunity to sample your cooking, Princess 
Sasami?” he inquired with a friendly joking tone to his voice.

	Sasami smiled shyly and looked down at the bandages in her hands.  
“I think that won’t be a problem at all, actually,” she said.

					*	*	*


	In addition to freely admitting a short attention span, Ryoko would 
also be hard pressed to deny a general impatience in her personality.  Of the 
whole list of things in the galaxy that annoyed her, including empty sake 
bottles, the Galaxy Police, and a certain Juraian empress, waiting had them all 
beat by a long mile.

	Ryoko was presently sitting on the sofa in the living room with both 
her arms and legs crossed and an insatiable look of curiosity plastered on her 
face.  Twitching one of her feet in a rapid motion, she looked at her watch, the 
clock on the wall, then back at her watch again.  Beside her, Tenchi sat 
quietly, occasionally rustling the paper he was reading.  Across the small 
coffee table sat Washu, who was busily typing on her virtual console.

	A look of unveiled annoyance crossed Ryoko’s features.

	*Rustle-rustle*

	*Tap-tap-tap-click-tap-tap*

	Ryoko looked at her watch again and clenched her teeth in 
impatience.

	*Rustle-rustle*

	*Tap-tap-tap-click-tap-tap*

	Ryoko unclenched her teeth, uncrossed her legs, and set both of her 
hands down flat on the sofa beside her.  Tenchi and Washu both continued 
their activities, apparently unaware of Ryoko’s fidgeting.

	*Tap-tap-tap-click-tap-tap*

	*Rustle-rustle*

	Ryoko snapped.  “AGHGH! WOULD THE TWO OF YOU STOP 
IT??”

	Having initially ducked behind his newspaper, Tenchi slowly peered 
over the top of a page and peered at his wife.  “Um, is something the matter, 
Ryoko-san?”

	“Of *course* something is the matter!” Ryoko seethed.  “She’s been 
up there for over thirty minutes!  What is going on?”

	Her mother looked over her virtual computer screen at her.

	“Sooo, that’s why you’ve been squirming for the past fifteen 
minutes,” Washu acknowledged, “you want to know what Sasami and the 
American are up to, right?”

	“Well, sure I do!” Ryoko barked.  “I mean, how long does it take to 
replace a few bandages, anyway?”

	Washu began typing quickly on her console as charts and data flew 
past on her screen.

	“Weeeell, if you consider the average time it takes to change 
bandages with injuries of this nature, adjusting for the adhesion of the tape 
that must be removed, as well as the inherent nervousness one atypical Juraian 
princess might be encountering, I’d say… oh, about 12.25 minutes, give or 
take.”  

	Washu looked up from her console to find Ryoko glaring at her.  

	“What?  You *did* ask,” she said sweetly.

	Ryoko growled, “I know I *asked*, Washu.  I just want to know what 
all the extra time is being spent on.”

	“Oh, nothing much, reeeally,” Washu smiled at Ryoko.  “So far, 
they’ve been talking about little things like cooking, employment, and travel.”  

	A concentrated look grew on Washu’s face.  “Basically, just a lot of 
chit-chat, though Sasami has been laughing quite a bit.”

	“Oh, chit-chat,” mused Tenchi, “that doesn’t sound bad—”

	“Oi…” interrupted Ryoko menacingly, “you mean you’ve been 
listening to them all this time?”

	“Why, certainly!” beamed Washu.  “You didn’t think the greatest 
scientific mind in the universe would sit down here on a sofa if she didn’t have 
a miniature listening device stashed near those two, did you?”

	Ryoko’s eyes were closed and her hands clenched.  “You mean, 
you’ve been listening to everything that’s going on –”  

	Her eyes opened.   “— while *I’ve* been sitting here going nuts with 
curiosity?”

	“Hmm.  Essentially, yes.”

	Ryoko, her eyes dangerously bright, leaned over the table and casually 
picked her mother up off the sofa by her collar.

	“I hate curiosity,” she said.

	“Hmm.  So I gather.”

	“Uh, Ryoko-san?” Tenchi started, lowering his paper a little.
	
	Ryoko swung her gaze over to her husband, fires burning in her eyes.  
Tenchi gulped and quickly raised his newspaper back in front of his face.

	“N-never mind, dearest.”

	“Ryoko, why don’t you put me down before –”

	“Before?” Ryoko growled.

	“Before Sasami has to wonder anymore exactly why you are lifting 
me off the ground,” replied Washu, pointing to Sasami, who was standing on 
the stairs.  Washu did a massive face-plant back into the sofa as her daughter 
dropped her unceremoniously.

	“Sasami!” Ryoko sang out innocently.  “So, how is our guest?”

	“Nathaniel is fine and resting comfortably,” replied the princess with 
a smile.  “In fact, he’s insisting that he’d like to be up and about later this 
afternoon.  He doesn’t like to sit in bed very much.”

	Sasami looked at the little red-haired scientist as she pulled her face 
out from between the sofa cushions.  “Of course, Washu should probably 
already know that.”

	Washu looked up cross-eyed from the sofa.  “Uh, heh-heh, you 
noticed the little bug, then?”

	“Something like that,” Sasami grinned as she walked into the kitchen 
humming to herself.

	Ryoko quickly replaced her look of annoyance with one of her 
patented feral grins as she watched the princess retreat into the kitchen.  

	‘This might actually work,’ she thought.
	
					*	*	*


	Over a boiling pot of water, carrots were being slashed and hacked 
into delicate slices at an amazing speed.  As soon as one carrot was sliced to 
the stem, another would appear rapidly to suffer the same fate.  As the number 
of carrots on the countertop became fewer and fewer,  the look in Ryo-ohki’s 
eyes became more and more woeful.

	“Meeee-ow,” she complained, resting atop Sasami’s head with her 
paws splayed out in all directions for balance.

	The number of carrots left on the countertop was down to just two.  
Still chopping away, Sasami hummed to herself, all the while smiling and 
ignoring the cabbit’s best efforts to get her attention.  Finishing off her current 
carrot, Sasami reached for one of the two remaining vegetables and made 
quick work of it as well.

	Ryo-ohki was in tears.

	Not breaking her stride, Sasami picked up the last carrot and absently 
held it above her head while simultaneously running down her checklist of 
ingredients in her cookbook.  Ryo-ohki’s eyes instantly turned into diamonds 
of happiness as she nabbed the carrot and happily began munching away, still 
on top of Sasami’s head.  The princess really did not seem to mind.

	Convinced she was on the right track with the evening meal, Sasami 
worked from one side of the countertop to the other, hands moving rapidly 
with a practiced ease that any Paris chef would have admired.  Reaching a 
stage where everything for the meal was in a cooking mode, either in ovens or 
on stove tops, Sasami paused to simply observe her culinary creations, 
occasionally lifting a pot lid or stirring something with a wooden spoon.

	With the fury of cooking past, Sasami allowed her thoughts to drift a 
bit while steam wafted in front of her from the larger pots.  As the minutes 
ticked by, the happy expression Sasami had been adopting for most of the time 
she had been in the kitchen began to fade.  It seemed every time she was not 
engaged in some thought consuming activity, the dread of her inescapable 
departure to Jurai weighed upon her with darkness and depression. 

	Sasami sighed.  The problem was that the oppressive nature of 
Empress Ayeka’s directive was always waiting for Sasami every minute of the 
day.  No matter what she was engaged in, the knowledge of her impending 
fate soiled her otherwise upbeat and happy nature.  In fact, Sasami could not 
remember any time in her life where she had been faced with such prolonged 
feelings of dread anticipation.  The only two things that could even compare 
were when Tenchi faced annihilation at Kagato’s hands and when Ryoko had 
died so many years ago.  Each time, though, the sadness had never had the 
sense of finality that her planned marriage promised;  Tenchi had quickly 
defeated Kagato, and in the shadow of Ryoko’s death, Sasami had watched life 
bloom in Yui.  For her feelings with this, however…  there just was no hope 
on the horizon as far as she could see.

	“If you continue to stand in a daze,” a voice mentioned just over her 
head, “dinner is liable to be a disaster.”

	Spooked entirely, Sasami jumped an inch off the floor, whirling 
quickly at the same time with her spoon raised to her defense.  There was a 
crash and clatter as Ryo-ohki landed in a heap of dishes and pots several feet 
away.

	Yosho looked down at the princess seriously.

	“Hmm,” he said, “that is an interesting weapon you have raised 
against me.  Do you plan to engage me in battle with a mixing spoon?”

	Sasami panted a number of times before catching her breath and her 
wits to respond.  

	“Yosho-oniichan, if you *ever* do that to me again, I swear 
that I’ll never cook you dinner anymore!”  Sasami bristled for a moment until 
she smelled the first hints of something in the over that was starting to burn.

	“Oh, dammit all!” she swore, rushing to the oven to salvage its 
contents.

	Yosho calmly took the rebuke and walked over to where a dazed Ryo-
ohki lay head over heels in a pile of cookery.  Gently picking the cabbit up out 
of the mess, he cradled her in the crook of his arm, stroking her fur in a 
reassuring manner.  Turning back to the princess, he noted that she had 
calmed down after critically inspecting her cooking.

	“I hope there is no lasting damage, Sasami-chan,” he apologized, 
“but I only meant to remove you from whatever weighty thoughts were 
prevailing you at the moment.”

	Sasami wiped her hands with a kitchen towel, and then threw the 
towel against the refrigerator with some vengeance, her long blue hair swirling 
in anger.

	“It’s not fair!” she cried.

	“Ah, and what would be not so fair?” asked Yosho as he bent down 
with his free hand to retrieve the towel.  “And are you going to be throwing 
any more objects this afternoon? As you can see,” he indicated to his arms, 
“I’m starting to run out of hands.”

	The princess put her hands on the edge of the countertop and began 
to quietly cry.  Raising an eyebrow to her reaction, Yosho gently placed the 
still dazed cabbit and disowned towel down on the countertop before taking the 
weeping Sasami into his arms comfortingly.

	“Now, now,” he soothed, “it can’t be all that bad as it seems right 
now.  What is bothering you so, Sasami-chan?”

	Sasami sniffed into his gi-top before pulling away slightly and wiping 
her eyes with her arm.  “You, you haven’t heard already?” she asked.  “I 
thought someone would have told you by now.”

	“I get to hear many things,” the older prince remarked, “but not 
always as soon as everyone else.”  Yosho looked over at the stove.  “I do not 
pretend to be an authority on cooking, but I think you should tend to your 
creations before too long, else they will not be fit for the compost heap.”

	She sniffed again and nodded her head.  “You’re right, of course,” 
she agreed, “but Yosho… can I talk to you sometime afterwards?  I have a big 
p-problem, and I think only you could really appreciate it fully.”

	Yosho raised his eyebrows slightly at Sasami’s comments, but nodded 
his head regardless.  “Of course, Sasami-chan.  Please see me any time you 
need to.  There is nothing so important in my day that time can not be bent to 
accommodate you.”

	A small, valiant smile appeared on Sasami’s face in appreciation.  
“Thank you Yosho-oniichan,” she said giving him a hug.  “Thank you a whole 
lot.”

	“My pleasure,” he replied.  Turning to the still cooking food, he 
added, “Do you think you could hurry the cooking along?  I am *really* 
hungry tonight.”

	Yosho beat a speedy exit from the kitchen, dodging Sasami’s spoon 
attacks.

					*	*	*




Coming up in Chapter Four:

"Beloved, what are doing to Sasami?"

Nathaniel's rehabilitation begins, as Sasami emotions swing.

Send comments to Mike McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
http://www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/

Last updated August 2, 1998.  