Credits: Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of  
Pioneer/AIC. As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this 
fiction other than my own enjoyment, because the thought of getting 
sued is rather unpleasant.

Mr. Long T. Tran for his "Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Prologue" 
story line, specifically use of his character Shoji.  His fiction can be 
found at GenSao's excellent Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction Page: 
http://members.xoom.com/gensao/ 

Disclaimer:  All characters *I* have created are purely a work of 
fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.  
Anyone who thinks otherwise is probably just itching for a fight.  
Also, please do not try and distribute this story in some lame attempt 
to make a buck;  it would be bad karma to say the least.


Email appreciated!
Send comments to Michael McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
http://www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/



                           Tenchi Muyo!
                       "No Need For Sasami"


		We were weird roman candles
		Burning bright at both ends;
		At the end of the road
		Is where this story begins.
		Where the green of the gulf
		Meets the blue of the sea,
		What makes it all happen
		Still a mystery to me.
                           
						-- Jimmy Buffett




			-* Warm Gulf Rendezvous *-

         	    A Fan-Fiction by Michael McAvoy
        	 inspired by GenSao's Ayeka Challenge


	With the soft, quick sound of lapping and splashing, the bow 
of a large yacht cut through the glossy waters of an evening sea.  As 
smooth as silk, the lightly rippling sea split evenly across the fine 
craft, gently yielding to the forces harnessed by the wind driven sails 
above.  With each soft rise and plunge of the ship, a mist of salt would 
drift across the decks, giving a shine to all the wooden and metal 
surfaces from the moonlit sky overhead.

	Letting her arm hang low over the side of the bow, Ayeka of 
the royal house of Jurai let her fingers glide just above the water's 
surface.  Resting in the bow of the ship, Ayeka would watch the sea 
waters rushing by, her fingers occasionally cutting their smoothness 
when the yacht dived low enough.  With each touch of her fingers to 
the warm water, delighted shivers were sent up her arm and through 
her shoulders, quite in contrast to the pleasantly cool ocean air.  
Rolling her head back a bit from where it was cradled by her other 
arm, Ayeka let her deep, lavender eyes drift along the graceful lines of 
her craft.

	The yacht that split the night waters was of the old school, 
built from a time before steam engines left darkened trails of burning 
coal across the skies.  All lines, rigging, and sail, the vessel was a 
quick and responsive craft, some sixty feet in length.  With billowing, 
snow-white sails that were now illuminated blue in the moonlight, the 
yacht moved through waters with the authority of a ship that was 
comfortable with its relative lack of propulsive sophistication.  Indeed, 
every small groan and sigh of wood on wood, expressed on the crest of 
each small wave, seemed only to whisper to the heavens a song not 
sung by conventional metal ships of the day.

	Watching the sails ripple slowly in the night breeze, Ayeka 
let the ship sing to her for a while, the coolness of the ocean air 
drifting wondrously over her face and exposed arms.  Letting her eyes 
drift past the yacht's great sails, she looked further up into the heavens 
where a million stars twinkled slowly in an intricate dance.  Ayeka's 
eyes focused on one group of stars in particular.

	"Pleiades," Ayeka murmured happily with a sigh, "how 
brightly you shine this night."

	Bringing her one arm up and out of reach of the enticing 
waters, Ayeka drew her knees up to her side with her hands and rested 
against the gently rolling side of the yacht.  Letting her shoulders and 
head rock softly with the motion of the ship, Ayeka continued to stare 
up at the distant stars, her eyes half closing in the semi-darkness of the 
ocean night.  A strand of her hair fell about the front of her face, 
helpless against touch of the wind that pushed the yacht.

	Ayeka uncharacteristically let the strand remain out of its 
normally dignified position.  Tonight, she was uncaring of regal 
appearances, unconcerned with the image demanded by her station.  
On this evening there were no royal courts, no prying eyes, no one  to 
judge the Jurai royal family by her actions.  This night was Ayeka's, 
and hers alone.

	`Not quite alone,' she thought dreamily.  

	Looking back down the yacht, her gaze alighted on where two 
guardians, Azaka and Kamadake, stood piloting the ship at its stern.  
Under their influence was the yacht being piloted.  Despite darkness of 
the night, Ayeka found she could see the pair quite clearly.

	"Will we be there soon?" she asked softly.

	"Yes, mistress," Azaka answered quietly from across the 
decks, "it will be only a few minutes more.  Please pardon the delay."

	A smile graced Ayeka's face as her head swung softly away 
towards the bow of the ship.  In the dark distance, she could make out 
a beautiful shoreline, illuminated by the moonlight.

	"Wonderful," she breathed, "please inform me when we have 
arrived."

	"Yes, mistress," Kamadake replied.

	Rising up out of the sparkling waters ahead, the sandy beach 
was also bathed in the silvery blue glow of the moon.  Here and there, 
all along the entire beach line, bits of sand twinkled and shone in the 
soft light.  A sudden flash served to distract Ayeka from the shoreline 
bringing her gaze to the water flowing by the side of the ship.  There, 
cresting and diving along side, was a small porpoise.  Using the 
energy of the bow waves from the cruising yacht, the little animal 
gracefully surfed just ahead of the ship, one eye laughing playfully up 
at Ayeka.

	Feeling as if she could reach out and touch the porpoise, 
Ayeka's hand drifted over the side of the yacht, stretching into the 
moving waters inches  above the animal's head.  With a bump and a 
small lurch, however, the sails of the yacht were suddenly trimmed, 
slowing the ship's speed.  As the bow wave also diminished, the little 
porpoise dove away from the yacht, realizing that its momentary free 
ride was now over.  Curling her fingers back in disappointment, Ayeka 
looked back over the decks questioningly at Azaka and Kamadake.

	"Our pardons, mistress," Azaka apologized, "but it is 
necessary to reduce our speed."

	"We  have entered the shallows and can go no further, 
mistress," added Kamadake.

	Indeed, the forward motion of the yacht had reduced 
dramatically, the constant splash of water against the hull now 
replaced by a more calm and gentle lapping.  Looking again over the 
edge of the yacht, Ayeka could clearly see the bottom of the sea, not 
more than five or six feet deep.  Using its little remaining forward 
motion, Azaka and Kamadake brought the yacht around smoothly, 
until the length of its hull was parallel to the sandy beach.

	Ayeka gazed at the inviting waters and smiled thoughtfully.  
"It is no matter," she replied to her guardians, "this will be fine.  
Please  remain here and await my return."

	"Yes, mistress," the guardians replied in unison.

	Standing up slowly from her position against the hull of the 
yacht, Ayeka raised her arms well up above her head and stretched 
languidly, her fingers interlaced.  Rising up on her toes, Ayeka tensed 
the muscles in her legs, waiting for them to loosen out from sitting so 
long.  Dropping back down to her feet, she then considered getting 
from the yacht to the shore, some one hundred or so feet away.  
Watching the shoreline, Ayeka observed the small waves roll in on the 
moonlight, crashing merrily in tiny breaks not more than a foot high.  
Their was a splash from behind her as one of the guardians dropped 
anchor.

	Considering her options, Ayeka momentarily thought about 
using her powers to rise up over the waters to the shore, but dismissed 
the notion after watching the warm waters move about the ship.  
Smiling a little self-consciously, she hugged herself while thinking of 
a much more enjoyable notion.

	"After all," she whispered to herself, "there's no one here to 
say anything."

	Gathering her resolve, Ayeka brought her hands to the side of 
her royal dress and began the slow and intricate process of untying the 
many knots and laces she wore.  After a minute, with the last lace 
undone, Ayeka slowly shook off her outer dress, taking care to fold the 
expensive piece of clothing tenderly before putting aside.  Now clothed 
in only her shorter and thinner undergarments, Ayeka shivered 
slightly from the cooler air.   Motivated even more by the inviting lap 
of the warm sea, Ayeka hurriedly began to remove her remaining 
clothing bit by bit, pausing only slightly with a brief glance around the 
moonlit darkness as the final revealing pieces fell away to the deck.

	Awash in the soft moonlight, Ayeka's hair fell in it's two 
long tails down the length of her exposed back, coming up just shy at 
the middle of her thighs.  Hugging her self again, this time shivering 
partly from the cool air and partly from nervousness, Ayeka hesitated, 
not sure exactly how to enter the water.

	"I could jump, I suppose," she said to herself, "and certainly 
make a totally undignified splash.  Or I could ease myself over the 
edge. Yes, that would work!"

	A thought crossed Ayeka's mind.  "Of course, it wouldn't do 
to have someone seeing a member of the royal family throwing her 
bare leg up and over a railing, hung out for the world to see."

	"Ahem, mistress," called Azake, "perhaps you could just dive 
in."

	"Of course!" beamed Ayeka, looking triumphant.  "That's 
exactly what I'll do.  Thank you, Azake."

	Taking hold of a length of rigging that ran from the railing 
up to the top of the mast, Ayeka pulled herself up cautiously until she 
was standing shakily on the side of the yacht.  Even more exposed to 
the cool air than before, her naked skin was alive with goose bumps as 
she shivered.  Breathing deeply to steady herself, Ayeka looked out 
over the shimmering waters and sighed.  Another few moments 
passed, and Ayeka leaned forward and launched herself off the yacht.

	Soaring out over the sea waters, Ayeka's body arched in 
flight, her arms spread out from her sides and her hair streaming 
behind her.  As gravity asserted itself, angling her body down towards 
the water, Ayeka brought her arms together straight in front of her 
body and knifed into the sea.

	The coolness of the air was instantly replaced by a delightful 
warmth that enveloped Ayeka's entire body from head to toe.  Sliding 
in a graceful curve under water, her body slowed dramatically as the 
water's drag pulled at her form.  Rising to the surface, she expelled 
her breath in joy at the warmth of the sea water, kicking rhythmically 
with her strong legs as to stay afloat in the water.  Swirling her hands 
and arms about her body in an effort to help her tread water, Ayeka 
then bent her body forward and sank under the surface a bit as she 
began to swim towards shore.

	Rising up every few feet to the surface, Ayeka would take a 
breath of air, just like a porpoise.  While as a child, she had always 
been taught that the most effective swimming was done with an even 
stroke on the water's surface. Ayeka, however, had always taken 
delight in swimming further down, away from the noisy splashing and 
relative chill of the air.

	Moving into even shallower waters away from the yacht, 
Ayeka took air and dove down further under the water until her body 
was not more than a foot off the sandy bottom.  As she propelled 
herself forward with long, smooth kicks, soft sea grass that swayed 
from the sea bottom evenly parted for Ayeka, caressing sensuously her 
nude form as she passed by.  Despite enjoying every sensation of being 
down in the water, Ayeka dutifully returned to the surface to partake of 
a little more air.  Breaking the surface of the sea, she found she could 
now stand in the warm sands with her head and shoulders above 
water.  Feeling the coolness of the air, she quickly sank down until the 
small waves lapped at her chin.

	At that moment, Ayeka made the decision to just stop and let 
the water's buoyancy take control.  Letting her arms spread outwards 
slowly, she arched her head back over her spine until her feet, one by 
one, came up off the sandy bottom.  Keeping her back arched, Ayeka 
felt the water raise her body up until she was floating lazily on the 
water's surface, her hair flaring out around her.

	Paddling slowly with her hands and an occasional kick from 
her feet, Ayeka took in the massive night sky, clear as crystal with a 
million stars split in half by the creaminess of the Milky Way.  As a 
small waft of wind brought chills to the more sensitive parts of her 
exposed torso, Ayeka removed the arch from her back, sinking slowly 
back into the warmth of the sea.

	Her feet touching the sandy ocean bottom again, Ayeka 
turned her body around until it was facing shore, a deep and throaty 
sigh of pleasure up-welling from inside her.  Using her hands as 
paddles again, she began to slowly walk towards shore, her feet 
digging into the sand as she took each step.  As Ayeka moved in 
closer, the sea continued to become more and more shallow, the wave 
action soon pushing against the small of her back as the rip tide pulled 
at her ankles.

	Some forty feet from shore, she crested a small break, her 
hips rising up from the water.  Instantly her entire exposed body 
cooled, causing Aeyka to shiver pleasantly.  Passing the small wave 
turbulence of the breaker, Ayeka quickly sank back into the water, 
though this time only up to the top of her firm stomach.  Within a few 
steps, however, she was rising again as the beach rapidly moved 
upwards.  As Ayeka rose up out of the sea, she walked the last few feet 
through the tiny waves that broke around her calves.  Leaving the sea, 
her nude body silhouetted against the full moon that hung low in the 
sky, Ayeka slowly walked up the beach dripping, her hands gathering 
her long strands of hair and wringing them slowly.

	The air no longer seemed quite so cool to Ayeka.  In fact, her 
entire body was feeling very warm from the exertion of swimming to 
shore.  Letting her hair fall back against her skin, Ayeka held her arms 
out from her sides and enjoyed the tickling sensation of being dried by 
the passing air.  Throwing her head back with a small groan of 
relaxation, she rolled her neck about, working out all the long day's 
stresses.

	"I definitely need more of this on a regular basis," she 
breathed, all of her muscles in her body softening.

	Without warning, her entire body was enveloped by 
something thick, fuzzy, and wonderfully warm.  Squeaking in 
surprise, Ayeka watched as a pair of arms snugly wrapped the large 
towel around her body from behind.  Finishing their task, the arms 
then collected Ayeka, drawing her into an even warmer embrace.

	"The moonlight becomes you, Ayeka-san" a voice spoke 
richly from behind her.

	Ayeka relaxed again, letting herself fall even deeper, the 
warmth of the towel and the body behind it lulling her eyes closed. 

	"I never heard your approach," Ayeka murmured.  "Were 
you watching all this time, Tenchi-sama?" she asked without 
embarrassment.

	"Oh, now and then," he replied evasively.

	With a silvery laugh, Ayeka reached up and eased Tenchi's 
head down until it was resting on her shoulder.  "You've never been 
good at telling a lie."

	Ayeka closed her eyes and enjoyed the feel of Tenchi's 
weight.

	"Not as if that is an undesirable attribute," she continued.  
"Oh, it has been a while, Tenchi-sama.  Tell me, have you been 
waiting long?"

	"No, not long," he murmured into her ear, "but I think I have 
everything we need for this night."

	"Really, Tenchi-sama?  Such as?"

	Tenchi raised his head up and went down a mental checklist.  
"A large beach blanket, food, fruit, and wine," he rattled off.

	"Sounds delightful," Ayeka complimented, "but do you think 
we could have a small fire as well?  It is ever so chilly out of the 
water."

	"Will that suffice, Ayeka-san," Tenchi asked, nodded with his 
head over one shoulder.

	Ayeka turned her head in the same direction and spied a 
small fire pit set in the sand, rimmed with little stones.  The flames 
twinkled happily, giving the immediate surroundings a cheery glow.

	"Just what I imagined, my prince" Ayeka whispered.

	"Ayeka-san, shall we go lie down?"

	"Yes, Tenchi-sama," she replied, her eyes aglow in the 
firelight, "that would be wonderful."

			*	*	*


	Through the night, the stars slowly spun overhead, 
constellations swinging through the heavens in their endless dance.  
Rising up from the ocean waters, the moon, round like a giant silver 
and blue pie, continued to brighten the seascape.  Touching everything 
in its shine, long shadows became shorter as the night wore on.

	Lying on Tenchi's large and thick beach blanket, Ayeka felt 
as far away from everything in her life as the stars were from them at 
that moment.  Warm and quiet, a thought grew in Ayeka's mind, 
spreading in her until she had to speak.

	"Tenchi-sama?" she asked, flushing slightly while looking up 
into Tenchi's warm eyes, "are you. are you happy with the way 
things turned out?"

	"Ayeka-san?" he asked curiously.

	Ayeka rolled over slightly, still wrapped up in the towel and 
his arms.  "I really need to know, Tenchi," she repeated quietly, "are 
you happy?"

	Tenchi looked up and to the horizon, where a hint of pink 
was slowly creeping into the dark blue night sky.  Thinking for a 
minute while Ayeka continued to gaze at him, a shooting star flashed 
the sky overhead.

	"I am wonderfully happy, Ayeka-san," he replied, looking 
down at her again, "I never expected any of this, to be this happy, but 
it just happened, and I am glad."

	Ayeka relaxed, lowing her head back onto Tenchi's chest.  
"Thank you, Tenchi-sama," she whispered, "I really needed to know 
that."

	Tenchi continued to watch Ayeka as she breathed quietly.  
"Are you happy, Ayeka-san," he asked her, "really happy with the way 
things turned out?"

	Ayeka did not hesitate.  "Mmm-hmm," she replied sleepily, 
"there were times when I had doubts, but those were the fears of a little 
girl, and they fell away so quickly."

	She raised her eyes towards the horizon, watching the sky as 
the hints of sunrise were becoming stronger.

	"Especially," she continued softly, "when I realized you were 
not better, Tenchi-sama, just different."

	"And that difference is good?" he asked.

	"It is good," agreed Ayeka.  "It has made me the happiest 
woman alive."

	"I am glad to hear that, Ayeka-san," Tenchi murmured in her 
ear.

	"Oh, Tenchi-sama," Ayeka breathed deeply.

	"Ayeka-san," he said, drawing his face very near hers.

	Holding her firmly, but gently, Tenchi moved Ayeka's face 
towards his with one hand.

	"I love you, Ayeka-san."

	"Tenchi." whispered Ayeka.

	As Tenchi bent his head down closer to Ayeka's, he smiled 
and closed his eyes, his lips only a breath's distance from hers.  
Feeling a light touch against his lips, Tenchi opened his eyes and 
found two of Ayeka's fingers pressing their lightly.

	"I have to go now," Ayeka whispered to Tenchi, her eyes 
alight with desire, wishing the evening could go on forever, but at the 
same time curiously content that it would not.  Taking her fingers 
away from Tenchi's lips, Ayeka gently stroked his cheek and then his 
hair.

	"I know," Tenchi replied, allowing Ayeka to slowly 
disengaged herself from his embrace.  Rising up off the huge blanket 
together, Tenchi held her hands in his as they watched the sun start to 
rise behind Ayeka's yacht.  He turned and looked at the woman 
standing beside him.

	"We're really happy, aren't we?" he asked again.

	Ayeka smiled up at him.  "I don't think either of us could 
ever be more so, Tenchi-sama."

	Smiling back at her, he said, "Then this is goodbye for a 
while."

	"For a while," she agreed, looking over towards her awaiting 
yacht.  "I suppose I won't be needing this anymore," Ayeka said 
indicating Tenchi's towel that she was wearing.

	"I'll turn away until you've made it all the way back into the 
water," Tenchi offered, starting to turn around.

	Bringing her hands up to her mouth with a hushed laugh, 
Ayeka smiled, "That's all right, Tenchi-sama, you can watch if you 
want to.  I find I enjoy swimming like this more when I know someone 
is watching."

	With that, she turned away from Tenchi towards the sea, 
Tenchi's towel falling away from her body as she moved.  Not looking 
back, Ayeka soon felt the warm waters tugging at her ankles as she 
entered the waves.  Working her way out further, the warm sea slowly 
rose up her calves, past her knees, and over her thighs.  Trailing her 
fingers along in the water beside her, Ayeka once again crested the 
breakers just off shore.  Standing up on the sand bar, she turned back 
towards the beach to wave to Tenchi, but found a thick mist had rolled 
in over the sands, obscuring everything.

	Sighing a little sigh, Ayeka turned back towards her yacht, 
took a deep breath, and dove off the sand bar.

	Warm waters enveloped her long limbs, caressing and 
soothing her as she sank into the comforting darkness.

			*	*	*


	Ayeka, empress of the royal house of Jurai, awoke feeling 
absolutely delicious.  Her eyes half closed and still full of sleep, she 
stretched languidly in her bed, twisting and rumpling the sheets with 
her legs and feet as they became entangled.  Turning her head slightly 
towards one of the palace windows, she saw the first rays of sunlight 
beginning to pour through.  Through her sleepy haze, a desire formed 
in her mind.

	"How terribly un-ladylike and bold," she mumbled happily, 
"but now I really want to go swimming."

	"Huh?  Wussit?" a still mostly asleep voice called from 
Ayeka's other side.

	Rolling over on her side, Ayeka turned towards her husband, 
Shoji, and looked at him.

	"Swimming," she stated matter-of-factly, "today, we shall be 
going swimming."

	"Shoundsh fine, my love," Shoji replied, slipping 
uncontrollably back into sleep.

	Ayeka softly and gently moved herself onto Shoji, wrapped 
her sleeping husband's arms around her body protectively.  With a 
sigh of contentment, she snuggled up closely.

	"Maybe later, after we sleep in," she mumbled, starting to 
yawn.

	Closing her eyes, a flash of her dream echoed into clarity and 
sang sweetly in her mind.  Bringing her hand down to her stomach, 
she felt the roundness there that seemed to be growing by the day.

	"Not better," she sighed happily, feeling the warmth of 
Shoji's body spreading over hers, "just different."

	The powerful lull of the sandman pulled Ayeka back towards 
unconsciousness.

	"So wonderfully different," Ayeka murmured.

	Then the happy empress of Jurai fell away into a dreamless 
sleep.

			*	*	*


	"Ow!  But that's *freezing* cold spring water!" a voice deep 
in the Jurai royal gardens complained.

	"Are you suggesting that the guardian *and* husband to the 
empress of Jurai is not man enough to join his wife, who, I might add, 
thinks the water feels just fine?" a voice asked archly.

	There was a splash as a body entered water.  "I do not believe 
I can let that remark slide and still retain my honor," a now chattering 
voice replied.

	"Honor?  And how to you plan to retain your honor, 
husband?"

	"Dunking you should suffice."

	"Dunking me?  Absolutely not!  I forbid that in its entirety--- 
eeeep!"

	There was a woman's shriek of surprised delight followed by 
a man's deep laughter that rang out through the mostly deserted royal 
gardens.  Only the couple of courtesans near the outermost edges of 
the garden were close enough to hear the faint echoes of playful 
splashing.  

	But being courtesans, they merely adopted bored expressions 
and went about their tasks.

			*	*	*



A word from the Author:
So just what was this, anyhow?  First off, this was a response to 
GenSao's little challenge about his favorite character, Ayeka.  Namely, 
create a world where Ayeka gets Tenchi.  Well, as some of you may 
know, I'm hip deep in "No Need For Sasami", and I really did not 
want to diverge from that story line (where Ryoko and Tenchi already 
shacked up).  So, over a bottle of rum, a blender, and some fresh fruit 
while relaxing with some friends, it just dawned on me how Ayeka 
could "get" Tenchi in the context of my story.  Mix in some personal 
imagery from a trip in the summer of 1997 to Mexico's Gulf of 
California, and I have a story.  Secondly, it is a little aside from the 
main NNFS story, mainly to allow my imagination to stretch out a bit.

Does this story seem a little sensuous for Ayeka's character?  Well, yes 
it does, but please consider that it IS a dream where Ayeka's alter ego 
could play out her more royally repressed desires, and she *has* had 
(within the confines of NNFS) twenty odd years to grow and become a 
more mature character.  Not to mention, Ayeka ALWAYS gets 
portrayed as repressed, emotionally inept, and (usually) lacking in 
sensuality.  Whereas Ryoko is usually shown as dripping sensuality, 
I've tried to explore the calmly maturing and emotional side of Ryoko 
in NNFS, and I am trying to go the opposite direction with Ayeka.  
Those of you hoping for a downright two-dimensional villain of an 
Ayeka to cheer against might end up being disappointed when my 
story draws to an end!

Finally, it was obvious to me that in order to stay within the 
boundaries of NNFS, this all had to be a dream for Ayeka.  Ryoko and 
Tenchi are happily on Earth, and Ayeka and Shoji seem to be doing 
quite well on Jurai.  You'll hopefully have caught Ayeka almost too 
embarrassed to admit to her dream Tenchi that she was happy in her 
real life and content to let the dream Tenchi slip away.  However, she 
got to meet her Tenchi, spend something of a romantic evening with 
him, and draw away with no regrets or worries.  By the way, I left a 
good portion of the dream with the pair on the beach omitted after 
reading the first draft; I did that on a lark, but it read better from the 
point of view of letting you, the reader, fill in the gap with your own 
imagination without me spelling out something in specific.  

After all, this whole Fan Fiction business is about expanding 
imagination, so who am I to restrict yours!

Email Appreciated!

Michael McAvoy
mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu
www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy

Last updated September 21, 1998.
