Credits: Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of
Pioneer/AIC. As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this
fiction other than my own enjoyment, because the thought of getting
sued is rather unpleasant.

Mr. Long T. Tran for his "Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Prologue"
story line, parts one, two, and three, and the characters created
therein.  His fiction can be found at GenSao's excellent Tenchi Muyo
Fan Fiction Page: http://members.xoom.com/gensao/

Athena Sournian for the invaluable help of pre-reading this story.

Disclaimer:  All characters *I* have created are purely a work of
fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is pure coincidence.
Anyone who thinks otherwise is probably just itching for a fight.
Also, please do not try and distribute this story in some lame attempt
to make a buck;  it would be bad karma to say the least.

Comments and Criticisms appreciated!
Send them to Michael McAvoy (mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu)
http://www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/

                           Tenchi Muyo!
                       "No Need For Sasami"

                 A Fan-Fiction by Michael McAvoy

                Come, my friends,
                `Tis not to late to seek a newer world.
                Push off, and sitting well in order smite
                The sounding furrows; for my purpose holds
                To sail beyond the sunset, and the baths
                Of all the western stars, until I die.

                                -- Lord Tennyson



                         -* Chapter Nine *-

        Mightiest of all battleships in the Galaxy, the graceful curves
and smooth, wooden lines of Tsunami hung low in the sky.  Almost
magically floating in the air just above the valley treetops, the summer
sun gleamed off its perpetually polished sides, dazing the birds that
circled around the vessel.  Not quite as impressive, though deadly and
beautiful in their own right, two Juraian royal escort cruisers flanked
either side of the battleship, Tsunami, maintaining a close watch on
the moored vessel.

        Stationed around the area of yard between the Masaki
residence and the serene lake, numerous members of the royal guard
stood at attention, relaxed, yet their eyes always moving.  Though
Earth was labeled a low-risk colonized planet, it was still open ground
that could present an unexpected threat from the surrounding
mountain woods.  An air strike was unlikely; three more Juraian
escorts held geo-stationary orbits far above.  Together, they could have
easily dispatched the full forces of all of America's carrier fleets.

        Standing outside the Masaki residence as well, Prince Yosho,
former heir to the Juraian throne, viewed the guards and battleships
with stone-faced regret.  It had only taken twenty years for knowledge
of the Earth's royal inhabitants to become more than just wild
speculation on Jurai.  Ever since Yosho's father, Azusa, had arrived
that first, fateful day in search of his children, the innocence of being
a small, isolated planet in the restricted zone of Jurai space had ended.
Who knew how many allies, or enemies, now knew of Earth and the
Masaki residence?

        Yosho squinted behind his glasses at Tsunami's hull,
chastising his father's rash behavior and arrogance.  However, there
was nothing to be done about it now, so many years later.  Indeed,
Yosho sighed inwardly, Azusa had already paid a terrible price for his
pride, as evident in Ayeka's rise to power...

        'You are protective, Tsunami,' Yosho thought, looking up at
the great vessel, 'but are they under you gentle guidance, or tools to be
used at your whim?'

        For many, many years, that had been the aging prince of
Jurai's unspoken question.  And, as always, there was no answer
forthcoming from the mysterious spirit.  Yosho dropped his gaze from
the hull of the ship and surveyed the slightly crowded yard.  That
Empress Ayeka was using this opportunity to display the might of the
royal family on such an isolated planet only confirmed to Yosho the
political tide of Earth's status at court was on the rise.

        'I thought I could stay here forever,' Yosho regretted, 'hidden
from court, free to live and raise my family as I chose.  Now my
decisions have given rise to what the noble houses can only see as a
threat to their power on Jurai... a faction of the royal family growing
out of arms reach on an isolated planet... nothing good can come of
this.'

        Standing near the edge of the dock, past the rows and rows of
royal guards, stood several other members of the Masaki household.
Waiting in the sunshine, Tenchi Masaki and his daughter, Yui, stood
with Nobuyuki and Mihoshi.  Though never having set foot on Jurai,
all the escorts and guards present afforded Tenchi and Yui nothing
short of the respect owed to any member of the royal family.  Where
many years ago, such treatment might have made a younger Tenchi
uncomfortable, Yosho was pleased to note that his grandson dealt with
the situation in a calm and noble manner.  Yui, on the other hand, was
simply awash in the attention being given to her.  In her training, both
Tenchi and Yosho had never given rise for Yui to think of herself as a
princess, but the reality of her situation was obviously making her
head swim now, judging from the expression on her face.

        Also standing in the group was the Earthling, Nathaniel.
Yosho stopped for a long moment and stared intently at the young
man.  Obviously well recovered from the numerous injuries he had
endured the moment he arrived at the Masaki residence, the past
several days had left their healing mark on Nathaniel.  Perhaps Sasami
had some hand in that as well, wondered Yosho, idly.  Nathaniel was
still a little wide-eyed at all the things around him, but no more so
than any commoner on Jurai seeing royalty for the first time.  In fact,
nodded Yosho with slight approval, he seemed to have great poise in
spite of all the magnificence around him.  Yosho had thought
Nathaniel was someone of good character and strength, and the past
few days, entrusted with the well-being of a naive charge, had done
much to enforce that image.

        And then the front doors to the residence opened.  Turning
from his place at the bottom of the porch steps, Yosho inclined his
head in deference to the young woman who emerged.  Behind him, all
the escorts and royal guards dropped to one knee or curtsied, save
Tenchi and his group.  Tenchi, as did his father, also inclined his
head, while Yui clung to her father's arm excitedly, not sure what to
do.  Mihoshi, tears welling in her eyes already, began to bubble over
with little sobs.  Only Nathaniel, born and raised in a country that,
while admittedly having a national curiosity towards royalty,
acknowledged no royally sovereign rule, did not lower his head.

        Stepping out of the doorway and onto the porch, Princess
Sasami presented herself before the royal escorts and guards, prepared
to depart the Earth.  Dressed in a stunning dress, ingeniously
combining Juraian and Earthly regal fashions, the princess was a
vision of natural grace unlike any other.  Escorted from behind by
Ryoko, also dressed in a simple, yet beautiful gown, the princess
looked down the steps at her half-brother.

        "Prince Yosho," began Sasami in a clear, yet soft voice,
"please raise your head.  It is I who should be honoring you for all the
courtesy and protection your home has offered me for so very long."

        Yosho brought his head up and smiled, his eyes warm.
"Wherever this life takes my family, princess," he replied, "know
always our home will be open to you with love.  May I have the honor
of escorting you to your ship, princess?"

        With a small smile, Sasami, her long hair cascading down
her back freely, stepped down from the porch and accepted Yosho's
arm.  In doing so, by royal ritual, all the escorts and guards rose from
their courtesies, and witnessed as the two, followed closely by a poised
Ryoko, made their way towards the dock.  Yosho observed the
expressions of the guards.

        He nodded to himself grimly.  'To have the pirate-demon,
Ryoko, in such a favored position behind the princess,' Yosho thought
while leading Sasami, 'yet, not one face in the royal guard belies any
emotion.  Good, their loyalty to the royal family is absolute.'

        Then the prince observed the escorts that lined the banks,
several barely hiding scowls or shocked expressions.

        'Courtiers,' he acknowledged, 'their faces more likely reflect
that of the noble houses' attitudes.  Ryoko, not even a royal pardon
can erase the animosity for the destruction you brought to the royal
palace.'

        Even Sasami could not go unnoticed from Yosho's observations
that day.  Keeping his eyes straight ahead, Yosho had only needed a
brief glimpse of the princess to read a great deal from her.

        'Completely unorthodox fashions,' he smiled inwardly, 'even
for royalty.  The inclusion of Earth styles in your dress will send a
message to all who see you.  Even your hair, free and unbound against
royal tradition, states your open defiance towards matters of your
future.  To be an outcast as I for the price of freedom, or to be a
dutiful princess... I wonder which will bring you the greater sadness?'

        For her part, Sasami was every inch a princess as she walked
with Yosho and Ryoko towards the rest of the Masaki household.
Passing by the rows of guards and escorts, she held the bearing and
strength of a member of the royal family, if not the stiffness her sister
had often demonstrated at her age.  It was not an easy thing to do,
leaving one's beloved adopted home for an uncertain future, but
Sasami had decided to meet that future head on and under her own
power, let the cards fall where they may.

        And then she was at the edge of the dock.  Nodding his head,
Yosho released Sasami's hand and stepped back beside Tenchi as
Ryoko also melted in between him and Yui.  All of Sasami's family
smiled in love and sadness at her departure, murmuring
encouragement, luck, last words of strength to go by.  Mihoshi
continued to bubble in a weepy fashion, telling Sasami that she would
be sure to bring Major Kiyone to Jurai for a visit, soon.

        Two people were noticeably absent from the family, causing
Sasami to momentarily look around in slight confusion.  Washu and
Mayuka were no where to be seen, a fact that seemed to be bothering
no one else.  Sasami's eyes continued to skirt back towards the house,
inadvertently meeting Nathaniel's gaze in the process.

        In those eyes, Sasami saw what she felt would forever be lost
to her on Jurai.  A look that only her close family could be counted on
to afford her.  In Nathaniel's brown eyes, Sasami did not see the
reflection of a princess, she saw the image of a friend.  Of all the
strangers to know Sasami's true identity for so many years, only
Nathaniel had not seen Sasami as royalty, to be treated differently or
used for political maneuvering or influence.  Nathaniel saw her as a
friend, a confidant, a trusted companion.

        Looking at Nathaniel, Sasami saw him in exactly the same
light.  It did not matter to her that she was highborn and he just an
Earthling.  All she knew was Nathaniel had remained a true friend in
such a short amount of time, even with the abuses that he had endured.
A most valued and trusted friend.  And now, Sasami was leaving
Earth for a journey where she would have no friends, no confidants, no
trusted companions.  That realization hammered an emptiness into
Sasami's soul, threatening to overwhelm her.

        And then, Sasami spoke from her heart.  Clear words in a
voice that rang across the yard, her mouth moving with purpose and
her eyes intent on Nathaniel.  Around the human, the eyes of Sasami's
family opened in surprise.  In the crowd, just a few guards
momentarily lost their disciplined and dispassionate faces.  Most of the
courtiers dropped their jaws in amazement, and not a small number
gasped in shock.

        The roar of purpose loud in her ears, Sasami could hardly
even hear herself, much less the exclamations from the escorts, as she
repeated her request to a baffled looking Nathaniel.  Holding out a
hand to him, she awaited breathlessly for his response.

        Overhead, the great battleship, Tsunami, hovered silently, as
if watching in judgment.

                        *       *       *

        For a moment, everything was still.  Very still.  Time,
motion, even heartbeats seem to span an eternity.  In front of the
Masaki residence, bits of dust still swirled in the summer heat, having
been violently stirred twice in the space of two minutes.  With the sun
directly overhead, it was well on it's way to becoming the hottest part
of the day.

        The heat did not touch Sasami, however.  Shivering and
trembling in a great shadow, created by a silvery-blue Galaxy Police
prototype vehicle, the princess's body was one taut string, every
muscle tensed and not far away from snapping.  Her large and
luminous eyes darted to and fro under shocked eyebrows.

        Above, she saw the Galaxy Police cruiser.  Above the house,
there was another vessel, Juraian in origin.  It was small, her brain
noticed in strange detachment.  A yacht class usually reserved for
planet hopping within a system; a play toy of the rich nobility in
most cases.  It occupant, tall and dressed in court attire with long,
flowing brown hair, stood straight and presented a calm, but almost
laughing face.  At  his neck, mere millimeters away from his spinal
column and instant death, a blue blade of Jurai energy sloped down
and away, finally coming to rest in Prince Yosho's hand.

        Sasami ratcheted her head around just a bit towards the lake,
trying to remember who was missing from the picture.  Oh, yes, she
reasoned, it must have been Nathaniel who was suddenly missing.  Her
eyes fell on his immobile form, laying serenely in about three inches of
water that reached up to his ears.

        "Amusing," a voice remarked.

        Everything went back into real time.  Sasami's head spun
back towards the voice, only to see Yosho poised behind the Juraian
noble, Tevean Jan.

        "A highly inappropriate statement," commented Yosho, his
blade never wavering, "in light of having a weapon at your exposed
back."

        From well above the trees, a high pitched voice crackled over
an PA system hesitantly.

        "Umm, excuse me!" came Captain Mihoshi's incredibly ditsy tone,
"buuuut, you're in violation of the, uh, Jurai restricted
space, and by Galaxy Police and Jurai Royal Edict, paragraph.. uh..
oh, I can't remember!  Mayuka, do you know what paragraph of the
code that person is in violation - hey!"

        There was a brief sound of scuffling as if someone was
fighting for control of the speaker system.  Finally, with a huff and a
quick breath, a new voice resounded across the valley.

        "Like I said before, bub," Mayuka called out, "you're illegally
parked above my daddy's house!  You are ordered by Galaxy Police to
get your butt outta my yard and off this planet, immediately!  Fail to
do so, and your ship will be destroyed, got it?"

        Tevean Jan snorted.  "The Galaxy Police," he sneered, "the
lapdogs of the royal family."

        Before Yosho's eyes, there was a haze and blur as the air
around Tevean Jan seemed to almost wilt.  In a blink, the noble was
gone from view, faster than even Yosho could react.

        "Gone!" exclaimed the prince, his eyes narrowing.

        Never hesitating, Yosho had already sprinted into movement,
already sensing the attack that must be coming from one of his blind
sides.  Swinging his blade in a tight arc around and over the back of
his head instinctively, the prince barely managed to deflect a red
energy blade that had been thrust as his exposed back.  Yosho dove
and rolled, coming up on his crouched feet, facing his opponent.

        Several yards away, standing casually with a small cylindrical
device that was creating his energy saber, Tevean Jan ran a hand
through his long hair and smiled with an easy grace.  It was quite the
opposite effect from when he had first shot a lurid smile at Sasami, as
if he were almost two different people.

        "Ah, Prince Yosho, if that is you," acknowledged Tevean Jan,
"you are every bit as impressive as the stories said you were.
Naturally, it's... difficult to imagine someone as decrepit looking as
you moving about so agilely.  You've been away from the benefits of
living on Jurai that the royal family treasures and guards so preciously
for, what, seven hundred years?  My goodness, my grandparents were
probably not even small children when you ran away from Jurai."

        His smile fading, Tevean brought his red saber smoothly to
the ready.  "Personally, I rather envy the royal family's good fortune of
prolonged life," he said, "and many of the nobility of the empire
wouldn't mind sharing in that bounty.  I myself was rather looking
forward to the possibility of living more than three or four centuries."

        Yosho grinned wolfishly.  "Continuing with your reckless
actions could easily lead to your failing to exist for even *that* long."

        "Your standing in my way could just as easily shorten what
little time you probably have left, old man," the Jurai noble shot back,
"however, I feel gracious enough to let your dishonorable attack upon
me go, Yosho."

        Yosho raised a wary eyebrow, shifting slowly to his feet.
"You have a disturbing sense of honor, even for a noble," he observed,
quickly regaining strength he had lost in the first clash, "if you
consider defending someone from an assault dishonorable."

        Tevean waved a hand haughtily.  "Merely a misunderstanding on your
part, ancient one," he smiled nastily, "I was simply introducing myself
to the lovely princess, as is proper for any potential suitor to do."

        Sasami, still standing frozen, gasped sharply at Tevean Jan's
comment.  Suddenly, Tevean no longer appeared to be a Juraian to
her, but rather a predator that could possible subdue her in a violent
action.  Sasami's eyes momentarily flicked towards the lake shallows
where Nathaniel was.

        Tevean caught her motion.  "Ah, yes," he continued, "I *am*
sorry about your servant, princess, but it is clear that he did threaten
me.  I'm afraid that I simply *had* to defend myself.  I'm certain that
the full council of Jurai would probably see it that way as well,
especially in light of the long standing... shall we say, aversion to the
inhabitants of Earth?"

        The noble took a moment to eye the Galaxy Police cruiser
hovering well overhead.  He was not certain what was going on up
there, but he wondered why the officers were not taking action against
him.  Perhaps they preferred to stay removed from what appeared to be
a royal duel, what with Yosho's identity revealed?  Maybe they were
simply at a loss for what to do, period.  It was no matter to Tevean, at
any rate.

        "Then perhaps you should follow their example," countered
the aging prince, "develop an instant and even greater aversion to
Earth, and leave this place.  If you do not board your ship
immediately, *nobleman*, I will deal with you as is my right as a
member of the royal family.  Make your decision."

        There was that same disconcerting haze and shimmering in
the dust filled air as Tevean Jan seemed to turn into a shadow
instantly.  Yosho swore to himself silently for allowing his opponent to
get so far out of reach, not waiting to start moving in anticipation of
the noble's blind sided attacks.  The prince quickly abandoned relying
on his eyesight, which was useless in a fight like this, opting to reach
out to the power of Jurai to heighten his other senses.  A slicing hum
and almost metallic clang erupted with sparks as Yosho spun and met
Tevean's blade cleanly.

        With a ferocity that horrified Sasami, the two men ranged
across the lawn in front of the house, each blocking and lashing out in
a blur of energy weapons and bodies.  Tevean continued to use his
ability to blur himself slightly, pressing his attack to Yosho's flanks,
while the Jurai prince was able to just anticipate the noble with his
own powers.  Sasami's frozen state was interrupted as the combatants
unexpectedly took a turn towards her.  Totally engaged in one another
in a life and death battle, the men ignored Sasami completely, forcing
her to scramble for her life.

        Throwing herself out of the path of the fighters, Sasami hit
the lawn roughly, landing a bit closer to the lake.  Broken from her
revere, the princess looked up and caught sight of Nathaniel again.
Sparing a look over her shoulder at Yosho and Tevean, who were
pulling away from her again, Sasami hauled herself up and half-
crawled, half-ran into the shallows of the lake.  Sinking up to her
ankles in the soft lake bottom, the princess stumbled to her knees with
a splash beside the engineer.

        "Nathaniel!" she called.

        Not looking terribly injured from his landing, thanks to the
water, Nathaniel had already opened his eyes and was trying to move
around.  Sasami bent over immediately and attempted to get an arm
under his head and around his shoulders.

        "S-samami?" mumbled Nathaniel.

        "Shhshh!" ordered the princess frantically, "Try not to talk,
okay?"

        Groaning noisily as Sasami lifted his head up from the lake
water, Nathaniel closed his eyes and grimaced.  Sasami wailed to
herself at the sight of him in pain, frantic that this young man had
once again suffered under her care.  From over her shoulder, the savage
sounds of energy blades striking rapidly continued unabated.  Nathaniel
took a deep breath and cracked an eye open.

        "That man," he coughed painfully, "Sasami... who is he...
why is there a ship of wood... floating in the sky?"

        Sasami ignored him.  "Please, Nathaniel," she begged, "don't
talk!  We have to get you out of here!"

        Fearing that Nathaniel, as tall as he was, would be too much
for her to move, Sasami was quickly relieved that he could actually
wobble himself up to his knees under mostly his own power; it seemed
he was not terribly injured after all.  Sasami gave a small thanks for
that as she tried to help him stand.  Then a booming voice echoed
from above.

        "TEVEAN JAN!" Mayuka's voice erupted from the ship,
apparently over her shock at the savagery of the fight, "CEASE
COMBAT THIS INSTANT!"

        Mayuka's command had no effect on either of the men, as the
battle ensued.  Looking down from the command center of the Galaxy
Police cruiser, it appeared to her that Tevean was almost beginning to
get an upper hand.  Was her great grandfather *tiring*?

        Struggling through the soft lake mud to the shoreline, Sasami
grunted as Nathaniel slipped, sending most of his weight onto her.
Fighting to keep him upright, Mayuka's thought went through
Sasami's mind as well.  Though Yosho was still more than holding his
ground, he was not making any progress through Tevean's defenses
either, and a noticeable line or sweat ringed his brow while the noble
remained cool looking.  More sharp clangs echoed through the valley.

        "My god," whispered Nathaniel, looking at the pair of
fighters, squinting through dazed eyes, "who *is* that, Sasami?"

        Sasami did not answer.  Having caught Nathaniel, her gaze
had shifted out to the fighting men.  Standing there watching the
battle rage, a slow anger began to burn from within her.  Seeing
Tevean Jan, in all his noble arrogance and finery, attacking her half-
brother fueled a savage desire that threatened to explode.

        "He, he hit me without," he stammered, coughing, "without
even *touching* me!"

        "He hit you," she echoed in a deadly voice.

        'He's the one,' she said to herself, her eyes following Tevean.

        'He violated the peace of this place.'

        'He threatened me.'

        'He *attacked* Nathaniel,' the hiss seethed inside her mind.

        "S-s-saami?" quaked a very startled Nathaniel.

        Nathaniel's eyes were as wide as saucers, staring up through
his water stained glasses.  All around him, apparently coming from
Sasami, a blue energy seemed to be leaping about.  The expression on
the princess's face was even more startling than the blue light; it was a
mixture of hatred and purpose.  Sasami, without looking at Nathaniel,
began to ease him down to the ground.

        "Nathaniel," Sasami said in a low voice that allowed no room
for discussion, "stay here, and be very still."

        Sasami let go of Nathaniel and stood up straight, stepping
several feet away from him.  Her eyes stayed firmly focused on Tevean
Jan, neither her anger or her energy subsiding.  Sasami simply
radiated power now, every inch of her bathed in a blue light that
threatened to overpower the sun's rays from above.

        Without even realizing it, she had tapped again into the
powers granted to her by Tsunami.

        "This will stop," she said evenly, watching the men attack
each other.

        Completely oblivious to her words, Yosho and Tevean, each
sporting hairline cuts in their clothing from the other's blade, only
intensified their duel.  Even Yosho, drawing so heavily from his own
link to the power of Jurai, seemed to have a faint blue glow about him,
but it did not even come close to matching Sasami.

        "This will stop!" repeated the princess, her power gathering.

        Nathaniel, his eyes burning from the brightness, began to shy
away from Sasami.  Barely able to see anything, he was forced to turn
his head away or be blinded.  That brought his gaze towards the
Galaxy Police cruiser, which had gone unnoticed to him until now.
Had he not already been stunned, his jaw would have dropped.

        A gleam formed in Sasami's eyes.

        "ENOUGH!" she commanded with her power, "THIS WILL
STOP, NOW!!"

        Using only a thought, her long hair swaying wildly with the
power she held, Sasami forced her will between the combating men,
forcing them apart.  Tossed away from each other in mid strike, Yosho
and Tevean skidded across the lawn in a flurry of dust and dry grass.
The prince looked up in total surprise, finally losing the calm facade
he normally maintained, while the noble looked up to find himself
encased in a blue spherical field.  Twice, he attempted to slice through
it with his energy saber, and he received two nasty shocks for his
efforts.

        "Sasami!" exclaimed Yosho.

        "Enough, Prince Yosho," repeated the princess, still directly
awash in the powers given to her by Tsunami, "I will deal with this
matter."

        A sinister look came over Tevean's handsome looks as he
realized the extent of his predicament.  Placing one hand up to the
surface of the energy sphere, a knowing expression appeared with a
smile on his features.

        'So, princess,' he thought, 'you can reach the power of the
Tree of Light directly, but have you control over that power, I wonder?
I could breach this barrier with ease, but now is not the time to play
my hand.'

        Easing his expression, Tevean disengaged and lowered his
weapon.  Brushing the long brown hair out of his eyes, the noble
smiled nonchalantly and nodded towards Yosho.

        "Well, Prince Yosho," he drawled, smoothing his robes, "you
are indeed an excellent fencer.  It is a pity the princess saw fit to
interrupt our battle's inevitable conclusion, but perhaps we may
continue this sometime... before age any more gets the better of you."

        "You will be silent before our royal house!" flared Sasami,
slipping into the royal Jurai language, "Tevean of the house of Jan,
you *will* depart this planet immediately and leave the restricted zone
of Jurai space.  You *will* be escorted to Jurai by the Galaxy Police
and placed under arrest.  If you make any attempt to do otherwise, we
*will* allow your ship to be destroyed, with you on it."

        Relaxing her will a fraction, Sasami dropped the energy
sphere from around Tevean Jan.  Stepping back a pace, Tevean
smirked and casually brushed at a sleeve, adjusting a small tear that
had been cleaved through his clothing.

        "Really?" he asked unhurriedly.

        "Tevean Jan!" boomed Mayuka's voice from the police
cruiser, "you are ordered to leave this planet and the Jurai restricted
zone!  You will be escorted by two newtype Galaxy Police patrol craft,
which have just arrived in orbit above you."

        "Ah," smirked Tevean, "so the Galaxy Police think they are
going to escort their better back to Jurai, do they?"

        "We didn't have much problem tracking your stealth ship
here, now did we, bub?" the voice mocked, "and this was just the
prototype cruiser.  The two above are the refined production model.  I
promise you won't be able to sneak away from them, *or* match their
firepower!"

        Mihoshi's voice bubbled up over Mayuka's.  "So, um,
please... leave?" she struggled to say, "Or we'll have to destroy your
ship, and oh, my!  That would be *really* messy, especially if it fell
on Tenchi's house!"

        Sasami turned her head away from Tevean.  "You have our...
*permission* to depart, nobleman," she remarked in a bored tone, "see
to it you find your way back to the Juraian authorities."

        Tevean's easy smile was wiped away by an evil snarl, one that
Sasami never saw.  With a mocking tilt of his head to the princess and
Yosho, the noble vanished as he teleported back to his ship.  With its
main cannons trained on the Juraian speed yacht, the women onboard
police cruiser watched carefully as the vessel quickly fired it's engines
and ascended into the sky, disappearing.

        Never bothering to look at the departing vessel, Sasami, still
aglow in power, relaxed her features considerably.  The red heat that
had flushed her cheeks drained away, leaving only the natural rosy
color that usually resided there with her freckles.  Turning away from
the house, Yosho, and the police cruiser, Sasami turned and gracefully
walked towards Nathaniel.  Her long tresses of blue hair continued to
ripple in waves from her internal energy.  Coming nearer to the
Earthling, she was saddened to see him shy away slightly from where
he was sitting collapsed on the ground.

        "W-who *are* you?" Nathaniel demanded incredulously.

        Sasami sighed.  "I am Sasami," she said simply, "sister of
Empress Ayeka of the royal house of Jurai, the rulers of this galaxy."

        Nathaniel continued to give Sasami a wild look, his wide
open eyes reflecting her blue aura.  His feet shuffling on the ground
weakly, Nathaniel tried to put distance between himself and the
glowing princess.  Sasami's face fell even further at the sight of his
apparent fear.  Raising a hand, she made a soft and negligent gesture.
Without even knowing how she did it, Sasami put Nathaniel into a
deep sleep.  His features relaxed and smoothed as he gently slumped
from where he was sitting to the ground.

        Not far away, Prince Yosho stood breathing heavily, his eyes
intent on Sasami.  Watching her put the Earthling to sleep, Yosho
stood straight and began to move towards the princess.  Almost every
square inch of his face was drenched in sweat, and his long hair stuck
to his neck in places.

        "Sasami," he began to say, disengaging his link to the power
of Jurai and dissipating his sword.

        A hum of energy and a shimmering light appeared near the
lake shore as two beings formed out of thin air.  Transporting from the
Galaxy Police cruiser, Mayuka and Mihoshi popped out of nothingness
and began moving towards the princess and Nathaniel as well.

        "Sasami!  Are you okay?!" the two called in unison.

        Sasami looked around with her brow slightly pinched.  As
though in slow motion, she could see everyone converging on her.
Looking past Yosho, she spied Tenchi and Ryoko through the trees
moving down the mountain staircase very quickly.  With a small turn
of her head, she could also see Yui emerging on the front porch of the
house.  In a matter of seconds, it was going to get very crowded.

        Her head swung back towards Nathaniel, who lay on the
ground with a peaceful look on his face.  Oblivious to the world, he
breathed softly despite his banged body and wet clothes.  Sasami
moved purposefully and crouched down beside the engineer.
Gathering him up the best he could in her arms Sasami's mind raced
for somewhere to go.

        'Someplace quiet,' she thought, looking back at her family
members still moving towards her, 'I can't deal with an audience right
now.'

        Throwing a silent apology to her family, Sasami closed her
eyes and focused deeply on where she wanted to go.  Fitting the image
perfectly in her mind, Sasami released more of the power within her
and began to burn a brilliant blue, encompassing Nathaniel as well.
With a brilliant flash, she and Nathaniel disappeared, leaving the
other members of the Masaki residence to halt in their tracks
dumbfounded.

        Yosho paused and considered what he had just seen, his
trademark coolness reasserting itself in a mask over his face.  Taking a
finger, he adjusted his glasses ever so slightly.  Mayuka came running
up to him first.

        "Grandfather!" she called out breathlessly, "Are you all
right?"

        Yosho gave his great granddaughter a serious nod.  "I am
fine, Mayuka," he replied, "You and Mihoshi arrived at an opportune
time."

        "No kidding!" she exclaimed, "But where did Sasami go, and
who was that guy she took with him?"

        Yosho looked at the spot on the shore where the pair had
disappeared.  Shaking his head just a little, he shrugged his shoulders
and turned towards the house, leaving Mayuka and Mihoshi standing
there.  Mayuka adopted a halfway annoyed look at Yosho's lack of
reply to her question.

        "Um, where did they go, Mayuka?" questioned a befuddled
Captain Mihoshi.

        Mayuka rolled her eyes at Mihoshi and held up her hands
with a blank look.  That was a really good question, it seemed.

                        *       *       *

        In the center of a small pond in the middle of the valley, of
which the Masaki residence overlooked, was a rather stout tree.  Not
particularly tall by any measure, it nevertheless had an immense trunk
that was perhaps a good six feet thick.  Sprouting a thick canopy of
leaves from branches too numerous to count, the tree was not a
native of the planet Earth.  In fact, it had been transplanted to that
very spot some seven hundred years earlier.

        It was Funaho, the space tree of Yosho's destroyed ship.

        The tiny island that supported the immense root structure of
the Juraian tree was covered in soft grass and clover, relatively
immune to the effects of the summer sun, thanks to the tree cover and
the nearby water.  As it was such a nice spot to whittle away hazy, hot
days, flagstones had been set in the shallow pond waters many, many
years ago to provide access to the shade.

        A gentle breeze swirled the grasses on the tiny island,
heralding the arrival of Sasami and her burden.  Materializing out of
the air, Sasami paused for a moment, temporarily dazzled by the
amount of power she had tapped into.  With her arms still wrapped
around Nathaniel, she tried to move around from her crouched
position, but slipped on the grasses underneath her feet.  Falling
backwards with a startled yelp, the princess felt her back instantly
come into contact with the giant tree behind her.  She emitted a little
grunt as her head softly bumped against the hard bark.  Squirming
around a bit more, she finally adjusted herself to the point where
Nathaniel was laying out across her lap and her back was comfortable
against the old tree.  Taking a deep breath, Sasami tried to calm down
and figure out what to do next.

        "It'll probably take them a while to find me," she said out
loud to herself, "but what do I do till then?"

        Sasami looked down at Nathaniel, who was still asleep.
Though the blast from Tevean Jan had not seriously injured the
human, Nathaniel still had a number of small scrapes and abrasions on
his face and arms.  Oblivious to the world, however, he continued to
sleep soundly, still under the effect of the princess's power.

        "I could heal you," she considered, "but that would just end
up hurting you even more. Oh, I wish I wasn't a princess, then you
wouldn't be in this stupid mess, Nathaniel!"

        <But, you are a princess, Sasami,> came a voice within her
head.

        Sasami looked up in surprise, her head darting about
instinctively before she realized the voice was coming from her mind.

        "Tsunami!" she exclaimed quietly, marvelling at the link she
had thought lost back when she was still a child.

        <You can no more change what you are than can Funaho,
here,> Tsunami continued, <for as this royal tree is forever bound to
the Earth, so are you bound to your royal station and the powers within
you.>

        Hanging her head slightly at the truth of Tsunami's words,
Sasami took a hand and gently wiped some of Nathaniel's hair out of
his eyes.

        "I know," she admitted, "It's just... hard sometimes.
Especially when people are hurt because of me."

        <Sasami,> the spirit offered, <why not just heal him then?  It
is within your power to take away his hurt.>

        "But that'll just hurt him more!" Sasami countered hotly, "I
can't heal his wounds without creating new ones!"

        <Dearest Sasami,> disagreed Tsunami, <your instinct to
prevent any further injury to Nathaniel speaks well of you, but your
perception of your healing powers is incorrect.>

        "What do you mean?" demanded the princess, "I have been
able to feel it in the past!  When Mayuka and Yui were little, I could
*feel* the energy I was using coming from them!  I was healing them,
but I was also taking their energy, making them weaker, right?"

        <It is for this reason I wish we could have been in contact
with each other more, Sasami,> regretted Tsunami, <What you
thought was energy coming from Mayuka and Yui was not their spirit,
Sasami.  What you did, without realizing how you did it, was to make
their bodies conduits for the natural spirit that is in everything.>

        "C-conduit?" Sasami asked suspiciously.

        <Indeed,> the spirit answered, <your powers of healing
opened and made them receptive to the energy that is in every living
thing around you.  In essence, their bodies took in a little bit of life
from each animal and plant nearby, and then directed it towards you.
You took that spirit, Sasami, and molded it to your purpose, which was
healing the young girls.>

        "S-so it wasn't their energy?" Sasami asked, "I wasn't
hurting them?"

        <No, princess,> the voice replied kindly, <You had no way of
knowing where the buildup of spirit was originating from as you did
not know how to look for it.  All you could see was that the spirit was
not coming from you.  Mayuka and Yui never suffered any adverse
affects from your healing their bumps and scratches.>

        Sasami sighed and rocked her head backwards against the
bark of the space tree.  Looking up through the leaves, she wished she
could be someplace very far away and alone for a while so she could
have time to figure out all the implications of what her life had
become.  And while the Sasami from several days before might have
closed her eyes and reached for an escapism from the current reality,
the Sasami that was sitting underneath the tree opened her eyes and
came to a decision.

        "I've never done anything this complicated before," she
hesitated slightly, "The children had simple scratches, but Nathaniel
has more and deeper wounds."

        Tsunami understood.  <Simply open Nathaniel to the spirit
around you, Sasami,> the spirit instructed, <make him a conduit to the
natural energies and draw the power through him to you, just as
before.>

        "Yes," Sasami nodded slowly, "that's what I did before... but
what then?"

        <Shape the spirit energy with your will, Sasami,> instructed
Tsunami, <give it the purpose of healing in your mind, and return it to
Nathaniel.  His body will know what to do with it, naturally.>

        "That's it?"

        <Yes.>

        "And he'll be all right?"

        <Trust yourself, Sasami.>

        And then Tsunami's presence was gone, departed from
Sasami's mind as quickly as it had arrived.  Taking one heck of a huge
breath to calm her nerves, Sasami fidgeted some more until she was
comfortable with Nathaniel's weight in her lap.  The princess had no
was of knowing how long this was going to take or what would
happen, but it would not do any good to have her legs fall asleep in the
process.

        Looking out over the still waters of the pond as they reflected
the sun's light brilliantly, the princess used one arm to cradle
Nathaniel's head and laid the other across his chest protectively.
Closing her eyes, she steadied herself until the only thing she was
aware of was the gently lapping of the water on the tiny island shore.
Gathering her will and concentrating, Sasami took hold of Tsunami's
power from within and envisioned opening Nathaniel's body to the
natural energies around them.

        A small, yet pleased, smile of relief came across her face as
she became aware of the spirit that began to fill the human's body.

                        *       *       *

        In a world awash with color, sensation, darkness, and a
thousand other qualities, Nathaniel Swann drifted serenely in a void
that muted his emotions.  Neither aware of direction of motion,
Nathaniel was still acutely certain that something *was* happening,
only it did not really matter much to him what that something might
be.

        All Nathaniel was able to perceive was a pleasant warmth and
sense of comfort.  While there seemed to be nothing around him to be
physically in contact with, he had the uncanny sense of being
wrapped in something... maybe a blanket.  But, again, he could
perceive nothing at all around him except a void of slowly moving
color and sensation.  It really did not matter to him in the end.
Nathaniel was so comfortable, he would have closed eyes if he had any
to close.

        Now, *that* notion brought his thoughts into a little more
focus.  As far as Nathaniel's consciousness could figure out, he did not
have anything resembling a body, whatsoever.  And yet, he could
perceive some sensation. The lassitude with which he was blanketed,
though, kept him from getting excited or agitated by this revelation.
In fact, Nathaniel was unable to do more than relax and take the
wonder of it all in stride.

        Suddenly, a warm feeling entered Nathaniel's toes, or rather,
where his toes should have been.  Again, he wondered at the
strangeness of it all, but not for terribly long.  As the tingling moved
through his toes and feet into his legs, the energy began to spark bits
and pieces of memory, like an arc of electricity moving from lobe to
lobe of his brain.  With each jump of the arc, another memory was
accessed and flashed into view without control.  Some memories were
nothing more than recollections of sounds or smells, while others were
visual in nature.  Happy memories, sad memories, and those that were
particularly bland moved through Nathaniel's consciousness with
every inch that the energy moved up his spiritual body.

        Some of the rememories were of events that Nathaniel
could have recalled on his own, while others were of times and places
that he would have considered lost forever from his recollection.  With
a bland amazement, Nathaniel discovered he could start to focus the
kinds of memories that the little arcs across his brain touched off.
With this newfound ability, he skirted through a thousand images of
his life and dreams that had a particular meaning for him.  Then,
pushing those all aside, just as the spiritual energy was about to
overtake him completely, Nathaniel found the one faded rememory he
was looking for.

        Easing his consciousness in the void, Nathaniel closed his
eyes and settled back into the images that began to surface from a time
long ago in his life.

                        *       *       *

        In a world wide and open and wondrous, a breeze filled with
warmth and comfort threatened to awaken the young teenager from
slumber.  Tugging on the edges of his perception, the boy felt the air's
gentle nudge, but he decided to sink back into the sweetness and comfort
of sleep.  The air had an ally, though, and before the boy could drop
too far into the depths, fingertips brushed his forehead and gently ran
through his hair.

        "Mmmmm," the teenage boy mumbled thickly, moving
around slowly and beginning to wake up.  He was conscious of leaning
against something sturdy, yet soft.

        "It's almost time," a soft voice said, "you don't want to sleep
through it, do you?"

        The fingers that stoked his hair went down the boy's next and
grasped him b the shoulder, drawing him in close to the sturdy body.
Slowly opening his eyes, the boy blinked a bit and rubbed them with a
hand.  His vision clearing, he took a deep breath of the dry air and
looked out across the horizon.

        It was hard stone and solitary beauty all at once, the scene the
boy took in.  Sitting on the edge of a mesa, high above the Grand
Canyon in northern Arizona, the Earth touched the sky far out in the
distance, seamlessly meeting.  The sun hung low against the western
mesas that edged the canyon, throwing color into the high clouds
overhead like red and purple pastels tossed in the sky.  Seeming to
swirl and float in stillness at the same time, the boy turned his
attention to the canyon walls that stretched into infinity in so many
beautiful shades of red.  He took in a breath and quietly exhaled in
amazement.

        "See?" the voice asked, "I told you it would be worth coming
out here again."

        Swinging his brown eyes around towards the voice, the
thirteen-year-old looked up at and saw the woman who had her arms
draped around his shoulder.  She had the same brown eyes and a
similar color of short, curly hair.  High cheek bones dancing fondly,
she smiled.

        "M-mom?" the boy asked tentatively, "it's you?"

        "Of course, it is me, silly," she chided, "who else brought you
here from the hotel.  Your dad and brother certainly didn't want to
come.  But, see what a good idea it was?"

        The boy could only nod and look back out towards the vista
from which they sat.

        "It's... the colors are pretty," was all he said.

        In spite of the warm desert wind that rose up from the canyon
walls, the boy still leaned in closer to his mother for warmth.  Letting
his eyes droop halfway shut, he listened to the vast emptiness that
stretched out in all directions.  After a while, the question that wafted
on the edge of his consciousness finally came within grasp.

        "I missed you," he said in a small voice.

        "I knew you would," she answered, her voice still soft and
quiet, "as I knew I would miss you."

        "Mom... I remembered this place a lot," he replied, closing
his eyes, "I used to day dream we were here every day.  I was sad when
you left."

        The woman tucked her son's head underneath her chin,
sighing, "You needed me, and I could not be there, but you were
strong young man.  I knew you would be okay."

        "Why did you have to die, mom?" he asked, the corners of his
eyes stinging from what felt like an old hurt.

        "It was an accident," she whispered, "there was no reason to
it."

        "I really missed you," he repeated sorrowfully.

        "I missed you, but knowing you thought of me here with you
comforts me so much..." her voice faded off into silence.

        The boy burrowed his head further into his mother, shutting
his eyes and holding on tightly.  Perhaps, this time, he could hold on
long and strong enough to keep her.

        "You know I have to go," his mother crooned, "someone is
calling you."

        "I don't want to leave you... I really needed you... mom."

        The woman smiled, "Don't feel sad, my son, I'll be here in
your memories and dreams waiting for you to visit me again.  And I'm
sure you'll come here again soon, now that you've remembered again."

        "I promise I will," he vowed quietly, "I promise."

        Mother and son hugged each other tightly for a long moment.
In the distance, the setting sun had already meet the horizon and was
near to disappearing.  The purples on the clouds in the sky began to
deepen.

        "It feels... so warm," the boy said with a touch of happiness.

        "Go, now," the mother said, "and be safe... my Nathaniel."

                        *       *       *

        "Nathaniel."

        There was a voice, somewhere nearby.  Swathed in darkness
again, Nathaniel tried to move weakly and mumbled.

        "Nathaniel?" the voice inquired with concern, "how do you
feel?"

        Nathaniel pushed against the darkness that held him.
"Weak..." he replied slowly, "but hungry... warm."

        Aware of being cradled firmly, Nathaniel could feel himself
wrapped up in a pair of arms with his legs resting on soft ground.
Working his way up from the dark areas of unconsciousness,
Nathaniel finally managed to open his eyes, spying leaves gently
swaying about him.  Everything was clear to him which meant his
glasses were not lost, so he did not panic.  Nathaniel titled his head
backwards slightly and slowly discerned Sasami's image above him.

        He blinked.  "It's... it's you," was all he said, "... hey there."

        Sasami hung her head slightly, her hair threatening to spill
over Nathaniel's face.  "Forgive me... Nathaniel..." she whispered.

        Nathaniel brought a hand up from his side and gently touched
Sasami on the side of her face.  Sasami's eyes widened, and she looked
for a moment like a rabbit ready to bolt, but she managed to stay very
still.

        "You're..." he said slowly, letting his hand fall, "you're
real... that's good.  I was not... sure for a while there."

        Sasami looked both surprised and confused for a moment,
before letting her face drop into regret again.  She looked down at
Nathaniel, who was laying across her lap very still, fighting the urge
to comfort him and run away at the same time.

        "But, Nathaniel," she said unhappily, "you don't understand
what I am.  We've... I've lied to you ever since you came here."

        "There was a beautiful ship above your house," continued
Nathaniel, seeming to not notice what Sasami was saying, "it looked
like it was a wooden ship floating in the sky.  And that man... he
called you a princess."

        "Nathaniel, I'm sorry," apologized Sasami, "I didn't want to
lie to you, but I'm not from Earth.  We've kept that secret from
everyone on Earth for many, many years."

        He shifted ever so slightly in her arms, moving parts of his
body cautiously.  "You did something to me," he observed in a
detached voice, "I feel like as weak as a kitten, but nothing hurts
anymore."

        A look of anger and frustration played across Sasami's face.
"I'll make sure no one hurts you again," she swore vehemently, "not
while you are at my family's home!  That... *man* was from my
home world, and he will be punished for his actions, I promise you!"

        The limbs that blocked the pair from the summer sun shifted
lazily in a dry breeze that drove small ripples across the pond.
Blinking several more times, Nathaniel looked out across the water,
letting his eyes be dazzled by the sparkling reflections.  Continuing to
move parts of his body around slowly, testing them, he realized that
despite his weak condition, he felt fine.

        And then he began to chuckle softly.

        Sasami looked down at him in concern.  "Nathaniel," she
began, "are you okay?  What's wrong?"

        His chuckles subsided after several more moments, and
Nathaniel took a slow breath and sighed.

        "Nothing's wrong, really," he smiled, "I mean, I just saw a
ship made of wood, and guy dressed outlandishly who knocked me
silly, and on top of that I've been healed by some supernatural force
wielded by a princess."

        "I can't apologize enough-" Sasami tried to say.

        Nathaniel stopped her by drawing his hands over his chest
and covering her arms with them.  Sasami's eyes widened in surprise
then softened in a dazed manner.  Nathaniel's breathing remained
steady and calm, and a small smile still twinkled at the corners of his
mouth.

        "Part of me, Sasami," he said, "part of me really can't believe
what I've seen and felt, and the other part of me certainly can't deny
what's just happened.  I mean, I feel I'm a reasonably intelligent sort
of guy, not easy fooled or suffering from delusion, but this..."

        Nathaniel dribbled off into silence, working the images and
ramifications through his mind as best he could.  It should seem of
paramount importance, the things he was now aware of, but for some
reason they kept being overshadowed by another realization that grew
in his mind.  Sasami said nothing, having given up her attempts to
apologize since too much had been done already to make up by her
simply saying sorry, as far as she was concerned.

        "...but this," he finally said, "well, you're going to think this
is funny or nuts, but in the face of realizing that you are not
necessarily from Earth, that is if I'm *really* not going wacko, there's
only one thing I can really focus on after this whole messed up
vacation I've had."

        Sasami held her breath, waiting for his berating of her to
begin.  She had resigned herself to it, after all he had more than the
right to lay into her a lot.  But, Sasami reminded herself, she was a
royal princess and supposed to take responsibility for her mistakes.

        "...and that's when we can leave to finish seeing Japan
together," he said simply.

        Her eyebrows screwing up in total surprise, Sasami crossed
her eyes, made a peculiar face, and said, "Huh, what?"

        "Well, you *did* offer to come with me for the rest of my
vacation," explained Nathaniel, "did you really mean that?"

        "W-w-well, yes, of course," replied Sasami shakily, "b-but,
Nathaniel, I'm-I'm a *princess*!"

        "And you weren't before you said you'd come with me?"
asked Nathaniel quizzically.

        "No!  Yes!  Wait! No!" stumbled the princess, trying to catch
up to whatever was going on, and failing miserably to do so, "I mean,
*no*, I was a princess when I asked to come along with you, but you
didn't know I was a princess!  You didn't know I'm not from Earth."

        "And are you going to sprout a third arm, fangs, and scales
now that I know this?"

        Sasami quirked an eyebrow.  "Of course, not," she answered,
"but-"

        "Is your personality going to pull a Frankenstein all of the
sudden?  Are you going to start bossing me around and treating me
differently?"

        "N-no, I would never do that," Sasami said rather unhappily.

        Nathaniel looked up from the pond and gazed curiously into
Sasami's eyes.  Ever since he had regained his glasses and his vision,
Nathaniel was very aware of the magnetic quality Sasami's eyes had.
It seemed no matter how much he tried to do otherwise, he had this
irrational desire to look at them.

        "So, what's bothering you?" he inquired, "are you afraid
something is going to go wrong if we leave together?"

        "I'm afraid," she blurted suddenly, "I'm afraid that you'll
start treating me different, that you'll no longer treat me like you did
when you knew me just as Sasami?"

        Nathaniel smiled again.  "You mean, just as Sasami," he said
in a wondering voice, "the girl who abandoned me, got me into a fight,
and treated me so nicely the whole time?"

        Nathaniel grimaced inwardly.  He had meant that to come out
lightly, but the second he opened his mouth, he was certain that it
sounded harsh.  Indeed, Sasami's face fell, and she turned away from
him, partially hiding from view with her hair.  At the same time, she
drew her hands away from cradling Nathaniel and crossed them
tightly in front of her chest.

        "I'm sorry, Sasami," apologized Nathaniel sincerely, "I meant
that to come out differently.  The truth is, I'm from a culture that
doesn't know what it means to have royalty.  We threw off out
monarchy centuries ago in the States, and most Americans, though
they may be curious about royalty in other countries, are so fiercely
independent, they wouldn't do more than treat a royal with a little
extra politeness even if they met one."

        Sasami did not turn to face Nathaniel, but she did relax her
crossed arms, just a little.  Nathaniel pressed his advantage and
continued.

        "Don't you see, Sasami?" he said, trying to use a humorous
smile to break through to her, "So, you are a princess.  Okay, fine.
I'll tell you right off the bat that I am going to be a little bit
curious about that, but I've already gotten to know you and think of you
as Sasami, the woman I met in Japan, so I don't think you're likely to
catch me being ultra-polite to you, now."

        There was a small turn of Sasami's head, and she peeked
down at him out of the corner of one eye.

        "I'm not going to treat you with any more or less respect,
Sasami," he finished, "regardless of who you are or you aren't.  You
made some mistakes, but we're past them, right?"

        There was a small movement as Sasami slowly turned her
head more towards where Nathaniel was laying, looking up at her.
She uncrossed her arms, tiring of the defensive pose, but suddenly was
not sure what to do with them.  Nathaniel was covering all of her lap,
and the tree was to her back and immediate side.  So, she lowered
them, gently, onto his arms, which were still across the top of his
chest.

        "So, how about it?" Nathaniel said, his gaze locked on hers,
"I could really use a traveling companion for the rest of my vacation,
and you look like you could *use* a vacation. ..and a friend."

        Sasami shook her head a little, a million excuses already
starting to form on her lips, but the she brought herself up short.
What were all those excuses good for anyway?  Had she not offered to
go before he had learned her secret?  Had anything changed now that
he knew she was a princess?  And if so, what difference did it make?

        It all made Sasami's head swim.  She was an adult by Earth
standards, twenty-eight years old, several centuries in suspended
animation not withstanding, so should not she be better able to handle
problems in her life?  Were not things supposed to get easier with
adulthood?  Then she started thinking what her sister, Ayeka, would
say or what she would do.  What would Ryoko or Mayuka do in her
place?

        'What would *I* do?' she wondered.

                        *       *       *

        Mayuka Masaki was a young woman of many mysteries, and
not a few of them mysteries even to herself.  Twenty-one years of age,
the older of Tenchi's daughters was a slim, five-foot-eight figure, but
not a wisp of a girl by any means.  With short, shoulder-length hair
that hung in layers, Mayuka more often than not was prone to letting
the features that they framed stay collected in a manner.  Indeed, many
people would say that in this respect, Mayuka, unlike Yui who greatly
resembled Ryoko in looks and boisterous personality, was very much
her father's daughter.  While Mayuka did inherit Tenchi's steady
demeanor, there was also an aggressive streak that came out on
occasion, surprising people totally when she had her sights set on a
goal.

        Folks who knew Mayuka from school, and who had occasion
to meet her father, simply assumed that her subdued forceful nature
must have come from her mother.  After all, as far as anyone not
living at the Masaki residence was concerned, her mother was Ryoko.
It made sense to promote that theory, too, especially since Ryoko and
Tenchi were married only a few years after Mayuka's birth and acted like
parents to the little girl.  And as far as Mayuka had been concerned, it
*was* the truth, since no one had ever given rise for her to think
differently about it.

        So, Mayuka had grown to the age of about four when Ryoko
and Tenchi were finally married, and though she always felt like the
couple were her real parents, she never had a shortage of other people
around the house who acted like loving aunts and grandfathers.  And
life was pretty good for the little girl who was growing up in the image
of her father.  No one ever let on who Mayuka's real mother was, and
there was never a whisper of the tremendous power Mayuka had
wielded when she had first been created to kill Tenchi.  Much to
everyone's relief, the unpredictable dangers within Mayuka had died
with both her and her demon mother, Yuzuha.

        A year after their marriage, Tenchi and Ryoko had a
daughter, Yui.  For as long as Mayuka would ever be able to
remember, that had been a golden time for her.  Endless days of
playing with her father, watching Ryoko take care of her infant sister,
playing with her extended family, and having Ryo-ohki as a loving
pet.  Those happy times lasted for another four years, until Mayuka's
world collapsed.

        Mayuka was eight when Ryoko was struck down and killed.
Instantly, the woman she had always known as her mother was gone
forever.  The same age as Sasami had been when she arrived on Earth
with Ayeka, Mayuka was very much old enough to comprehend the
full ramifications and the emptiness of having lost her mother.  Her
family would observe that Ryoko's death had in many way cored into
Mayuka's soul almost as deeply as it had Tenchi's.  Unlike Tenchi,
however, Mayuka had turned towards her foster aunts, Sasami and
Washu, and found a place to heal herself after not too long.

        Ryoko's death had left its mark on the young girl, however.
The boisterous Mayuka had been replaced by a demeanor that was
more quiet, serious, and from time to time melancholy.  As the years
went by and Mayuka grew, she also became increasingly independent,
choosing activities at school that kept her more and more away from
her family.  It was not that Mayuka was growing more distant from
her family on purpose, but more like there was a terrible sadness that
haunted her memories sometimes while she was at home.  Mayuka
needed a way to let go the pain of losing her mother, and finding new
people and places to explore was a step in that process.

        So, when Mayuka was eighteen, she did not even think about
not leaving home.  Deciding to pursue her childhood talent for art, she
enrolled in a well recognized art and design school, planning to let her
abilities open the doors for her to see more of the world.  In fact, she
even secretly harbored thoughts of leaving Earth as well after school.
While Tenchi and company had shielded Mayuka from the truth of her
strange origin, they had not (and really could not, as many quirky non-
earthling abilities they demonstrated) hidden from her the nature of
the galaxy and their link to the Jurai royal family.  It was only natural,
she had thought, to want to see a little of this great big galaxy that
was out there.

        But as is the fate of so many illusions that people harbor in
life, Mayuka's had to come to an end.  When she was eighteen, just
before she was about to enter college, Tenchi had taken her for a long
walk.  When that walk was over, Mayuka had come back into the
house weeping hysterically, refusing to come out of her room for quite
some time.  Surprising his family, and terribly shocking Sasami,
Tenchi had felt that no one deserved not to know about their own
mother, regardless of the circumstances or who that person was, and
therefore he had disclosed to Mayuka the truth about her real mother,
Yuzuha, and her origins.

        Mayuka eventually did recover quickly from the shock of her
origins.  Thankfully, the young woman could not remember anything
about her previous life, whatsoever, and her powers as described to her
might have been as intangible as landing on a moon made of cheese.
Though she now knew the truth, Mayuka still regarded Ryoko as her
long, departed mother, and soon left for college, giving her father a
loving hug and kiss to keep him from worrying about her.  Tenchi did
anyway, but Mayuka made frequent trips home and was one day, in the
middle of her third year of college, rejoiced to the point of weeping to
find her mother, Ryoko, alive again.  And now, after three years of
school, she had taken an interest in the Galaxy Police, looking for a
bit of off-planet adventure, and wound caught up in an exciting incident
that led right to her own doorstep.

        It was quite a world she had been born into.  It was quite a
family, too.

        Mayuka reflected on this as she observed her aunt busily
stuffing a medium sized backpack full of items.  Though she referred

to Sasami as an aunt, in many ways they were as close as sisters.
Leaning against the door frame to Sasami's room, her arms crossed at
her chest, the older daughter of Tenchi frowned and wondered if her
aunt had gone nuts.

        "Have you gone nuts?" she asked pointedly.

        Sasami looked up briefly from her packing, raking numerous
strands of hair back with a free hand.  Dressed in a comfortable shirt
and pants, with light weight hiking boots, she looked ready to walk
more than a few miles.  Shaking her head and smiling, Sasami turned
back to her packing.  Mayuka snorted softly.

        "I am not nuts," replied Sasami calmly, "I'm just getting
away from the house for a little while."

        Mayuka rolled her eyes.  "Yeah, Sasami," she noted, "and
with a strange guy from another country who, by the way, also
happens to know that you're not exactly from around here."

        Sasami shook her head.  "Nathaniel is not a stranger,
Mayuka," answered the princess, "he's my friend.  Besides, I was the
one who asked if I could come along with *him*."

        Mayuka adopted a genuinely surprised expression.  Pushing
herself out of the doorway, she walked right up to Sasami and took her
by the shoulder.  Gently forcing Sasami to straighten up, Mayuka
balled a fist and began to tap her aunt on the head.

        "Heeeeello!" called out Mayuka, "Who are you and what have
you done with my aunt?  Geez, Sasami, when have you *ever* asked
*any* guy out?"

        Sasami flushed and frowned in the same instant, pulling away
from Mayuka and returning to her pack.  Mayuka cursed her flapping
tongue's ability to say absolutely the wrong thing, rolling her eyes
again, but this time at herself.  Crossing her arms, she looked at
Sasami and tried again.

        "I'm sorry, Sasami," she offered, "I didn't mean it to sound
the way it came out, but, really, this isn't like you at all.  Aren't
you worried something dangerous will happen when you with him."

        Sasami finished packing and straightened up again, her face
thoughtful.  Nodding her head vigorously, she picked up the pack and
slung it over a shoulder.  Striking an adventurous pose, she winked at
Mayuka.

        "How do I look?" she giggled.

        "Fetching," answered Mayuka without hesitation, "totally
nuts, but fetching.  I'm sure you'll make huge waves with what's-his-
name."

        "Nathaniel!" exclaimed Sasami, blushing, "and I'm not
trying to... to make waves with *anybody*!"

        "Uh, huh."

        Sasami looked exasperated.  "For goodness sakes, Mayuka,"
she groaned, "you don't know all of what's happened while you've
been away.  Nathaniel is a really nice guy, and he's protected me more
than once without knowing that I'm from another planet or a princess
or anything like that at all.  He's just a real... friend, you know?
Not someone trying to use me for my station."

        Mayuka's face softened a bit.  Uncrossing her arms, she
scratched her head quizzically before dropping them at her sides.
Shrugging her shoulders, she stepped up to Sasami and gave her a big
hug.

        "Well, if you say so," she said, "I guess I'll just have to pry
the details about this guy out of daddy."

        Sasami gratefully hugged Mayuka back, savoring the comfort
of the young woman she secretly wish *could* have been a real sister
to her.  Stepping back, Sasami smiled at Mayuka and made her way
out the door.

        "Sasami."

        "Yes, Mayuka?"

        "I... I'm sorry I couldn't be here for you."

        Sasami's face almost started to glow as she became teary
eyed.  Smiling at Mayuka warmly, she sniffed and shrugged her
shoulders.

        "I'll give you a little advance warning next time, okay?"

                        *       *       *

        Mayuka Masaki followed Sasami out of her room and into the
hallway.  Watching her aunt's figure from behind, the backpack slung
over her shoulder, Mayuka frowned in puzzlement trying to figure the
princess out.  For as long as she could remember, Sasami had been one
of the most socially introverted she could recall.  No, Mayuka
corrected herself, that was not entirely true, either.  Sasami was
talkative and never one to not express herself in a typically charming
manner.  However, the princess, as far as Mayuka could remember,
never really shared her outgoing nature with anyone outside of the
family.

        That was what was bugging Mayuka as she made her way
down the steps.  As Sasami retreated into the kitchen to grab a few
bites of food, the older of Tenchi's daughters crossed her arms and
pondered her aunt.  Mayuka had never really stopped to consider how
Sasami had spent all of her time on Earth over the years.  Now that
she came to think about it, the young woman could not recall a time
when Sasami had ever explored this planet by herself beyond the
confines of the Masaki residence.  And to go off with an almost total
stranger, to boot?  Her Aunt Sasami just did not do such things.

        It was weird.

        Mayuka scratched her chin a bit and made her way out the
front door and onto the porch.  There, Tenchi and the American
fellow, Nathaniel was his name Mayuka reminded herself, were
standing in the front yard talking quietly.  The American had several
small maps opened up, and Tenchi seemed to be pointing out areas of
interest to him.  Mayuka frowned at this, her father getting along so
well with the guy that Sasami was heading out with.  Setting herself
down on the porch in the light of the late afternoon sun, Mayuka
crossed her arms underneath her legs and squinted so much that she
appeared to be glaring.

        "Sooo," a voice said from behind her, "what's got you in such
a pleasant mood this afternoon, Mayuka?"

        Mayuka raised an eyebrow and considered the short redhead
scientist, who was sitting down beside her.  "I don't know, Washu,"
she admitted, "it's just strange that's all.  I'm gone for just under a
month, and suddenly life is weird here."

        "Weird, huh?" inquired Washu, looking at the young woman
seriously, "Well, that's one way you could express it.  Certainly has
been a busy past week or two.  A lot has happened in a short time."

        "Who *is* he?" demanded Mayuka quietly, "And why isn't
anyone worried about him taking Sasami off into who knows where?"

        It was Washu's turn to raise an eyebrow.  "Looks like you
don't approve," observed Washu, "but we all seem to think he's a nice
specimen.  However, if you're so concerned about Sasami's welfare,
why don't just tell her?"

        "Oh, I have," mumbled Mayuka, "I tried to tell her it was
kinda dangerous and totally unlike her to head out like this.  I just
don't understand what she's thinking.  If it were me out there, daddy
would be doing everything to prevent me from going."

        "Obviously," remarked the scientist, "you're his oldest
daughter.  Fathers get a little paranoid about their children, or so
I've observed.  Tenchi is not Sasami's father, though, and she's an
adult... with a lot of big changes about to occur in her life."

        Mayuka nodded slowly.  "Hmm, Ryoko told me this afternoon
about some of it," she replied, "I can't believe that aunt Ayeka is
arranging a marriage for Sasami like this."

        "It *does* seem a little sudden," agreed Washu, "but maybe
you can understand Sasami's desire to stretch her wings a bit before
she leaves for Jurai."

        "Before she has them clipped you mean?" pushed Mayuka.

        "My, you're certainly moody this evening," Washu remarked,
"and I am willing to stake my reputation as a scientist that it has more
to do than with just Sasami."

        "I dunno," admitted Mayuka, unwrapping her arms from her
legs and sitting back, "it seems all so... pointless."

        Washu really started to pay attention to Mayuka at this point.
Sensing something in the young woman's mood, the scientist began to
make mental observations that might come in handy with her own
little project.

        "Pointless?" prodded Washu.

        "Yeah, Washu," nodded Mayuka, "Sasami has to leave in a
week for Jurai to get married to someone, yet she's heading off with
this Nathaniel, whom she seems to like, but it'll end up making her
unhappy when she has to leave.  That's all relationships, whether
they're long or short, do... they make an entangled mess of your
life."

        As far as Washu was concerned, this *was* good information
to be taking notes on.  But before the scientist could probe any further
into Mayuka for details, the front door opened and out walked Sasami,
followed by Ryoko and Mihoshi.  Mayuka watched Sasami walk out
into the yard with Ryoko in tow.  Mihoshi stayed on the porch, the
fading sunlight filling her otherwise empty eyes.

        'Geez,' thought Mayuka, 'even Ryoko seems at ease with this
silliness.  I must be the only person here thinking straight.'

        "Gee," bubbled Mihoshi, "isn't it romantic?"

        "What's that, Mihoshi?" inquired Washu.

        "Sasami going off by herself with a young man," observed the
blonde, "right before she has to leave for Jurai to be married!  It's so
romantic!  Who *knows* what kinds of things they'll get into?"

        Mayuka mumbled, "My point exactly."

        'If I didn't know better,' thought Washu, 'I'd say Mayuka's
either envious or jaded... now that I think about it, she's certainly
become more cynical since she's been at college.'

        Washu shook her head clear.  "So, Mihoshi," she said, "when
are you leaving us?"

        "Oh!" exclaimed the captain brightly, "Not until it's time for
Sasami to leave!  Major Kiyone has instructed me to be the Galaxy
Police escort through the restricted zone of Jurai space!  Isn't it
exciting?"

        "Tremendously," remarked Washu rather blandly.

        "By the way, Washu," Mihoshi blathered on, "thank you
again for hiding my ship in that dimensional whatever-it's-called!  I'd
be in big trouble if someone spotted my ship on this planet."

        "Nooo problemo," the scientist answered, turning her head to
follow Mayuka's gaze out into the yard, "just make sure you stay *out*
of my lab this time."

        Nathaniel and the princess had already begun walking out of
the yard and down the trail that lead to the road.  With any luck, they
would be just in time to catch the late afternoon bus that made its
rounds through the twisty and windy roads.  Just before they turned a
corner to head down a flight of stone steps, Sasami looked back and
waved with one arm happily before disappearing with Nathaniel.

        'Good luck, princess,' thought the petite genius.

*       *       *

        As was so common most of the time, life at the Masaki
residence slipped back into its usual quiet and measured pace.  The
summer days continued to slide by, but a line of showers the night
Sasami and Nathaniel left ushered in a bit of slightly cooler air.  The
resulting weather was crystal clear skies, but lower temperatures and
humidity, which was welcomed relief by residents all over the region.

        Events of the previous two weeks stayed in the back of
everyone's minds, but life moved on.  Carrots still had to be planted
and harvested to sedate Ryo-ohki's voluminous appetite, chores still
had to be done around the house and shrine, and the never ending
training had to continue as well.

        Resting, propped up against her wooden bo, essentially a six
foot staff, Mayuka Masaki wiped away the sweat from her forehead.
The delight of the slightly cooler and less humid air was lost on her, as
her clothes were already sticky and damp from an enthusiastic
morning workout with her father.  The many months of slacking in
her training while at college had come back to bite Mayuka with a
vengeance, especially in light of her failing to get back into shape
while on board Mihoshi's cruiser.

        Her father, Tenchi, stood a little distance away from Mayuka,
his wooden bokken resting easily against the hollow of his shoulder.
With an understanding smile, he observed Mayuka's rather out of
shape condition.

        "You go away to college each fall," he noted, "and each
summer you come back out of shape.  I'd imagine working your brain
so hard leaves you with little time for the rest of your body."

        Mayuka tried to make something of a defense.  "It's hard to
do this by myself," she complained, panting, "since almost everyone
else I know... would never even think about training... like this."

        Tenchi smiled.  "That's true," he admitted, "you don't get
this just anywhere, you know."

        "Oh, yeah, daddy," Mayuka agreed, "it's the only reason I
come home anymore."

        Choosing to ignore his daughter's attempt at sarcasm, Tenchi
readied his weapon instead.  "Well, then," he brightened, "I can't deny
my older daughter's only reason for coming home, can I?"

        'I've gotta... learn to keep my mouth shut,' Mayuka
grumbled to herself.

        Taking a huff of air, Mayuka took her weight off her bo and
readied it.  Her arms felt like Jell-O.  It was at times like these she
wished she had the abilities and powers her sister had gained from
Ryoko and Tenchi.  For whatever reason, Mayuka had been born a
second time with none of the talents she had demonstrated upon her
first arrival at the Masaki residence over twenty years ago.

        In a house full of exceptional people, she grumbled to herself,
it was damn hard being ordinary.

                        *       *       *

        When it came to natural fighting ability, Yui did have a
distinct advantage over her older sister.  Having developed the
hereditary link to the power of Jurai at a fairly early age, Yui's
progress and development had been closely monitored and guided by
her father and grandfather.  While she often grumbled and wondered
at some of the boring and endless chores and training they seemed to
dump upon her, that discipline had developed Yui into a very apt and
capable swordsman.  And with the proper cultivation of her mind and
spirit, Tenchi and Yosho had molded into Yui a good sense of
judgment and responsibility to go along with her abilities.

        Only recently had the talents Yui inherited from her mother,
Ryoko, surfaced.  And while those talents, specifically the ability to
fade in and out the thin air, were not as powerful as the Jurai energy
she wielded, it certainly made Yui an even more formidable opponent.
In fact, Tenchi was having to more and more keep on his toes to
prevent his younger daughter from besting him at practice.

        Yui looked up from the breakfast table, where she had been
sitting mulling over a cup of tea, wondering how Sasami was doing.
Watching her mother move about the kitchen, Yui noted that Ryoko
seemed to be unusually radiant for the time of day.  A suspicious
thought entered her mind about what her mother and father might be
doing to make Ryoko 'glow', but the ickiness of that kind of thinking
about her own parents made Yui push the thought right out of her
head.  There were just some things in life too terrible to even consider,
and for every kid, there parents having sex was high on that list for
some reason.

        Yui was grateful for the distraction of her sister, Mayuka,
when she walked into the kitchen from the porch door.  Exhausted,
sweating, and looking miserable in a charming way, Mayuka motioned
weakly to her sister to get up.

        "Go on, sis," she said, plopping into a chair, "your turn.
Daddy's waiting for you up at the shrine."

        Yui pulled herself up out of the chair, a hopeful look on her
face.  "Please tell me you wore him out a little?" she asked.
M
        ayuka snorted.  "Warmed daddy up is more like it," she
groaned, massaging her arms, "have fun.  He's feeling perky this
morning."

        "Ah, maaan," whined Yui, "I'm never gonna beat him.  He
always says something or uses a trick to defeat me."

        Ryoko walked up to the table from where she had put the
dishes away.  "Your father is especially good at that," she remarked
with a smile, "and you wouldn't expect him to be that sneaky under
such a sweet exterior."

        Mayuka rolled her eyes as Yui dropped her shoulders in
resignation and began to walk towards the door.

        "Still," mention the pirate, a small smile growing on her face,
"it helps to keep men off balance from time to time.  Keeps them from
getting too confident around the women in their lives."

        Her eyes narrowing and beginning to twinkle, Ryoko
unfastened her utilitarian apron and folded it neatly.  Wearing a pair
of khaki shorts and a soft, silk shirt, Ryoko walked over to the door
and slipped on her sandals.

        "Yui," she said over her shoulder, "I'm going to help you
defeat your father today, but you have to promise me that no matter
what I say, you won't react, okay?"

        Yui looked a little dubious.  "I guess," she said uncertainly,
"but what is it you're going to say?"

        Ryoko shook her head.  "It's a surprise," she smiled, "but
when I say it you're going to have one and only one opportunity to
beat your father, so you better take it."

        "If you say so, mom," replied Yui dubiously.

        Ryoko looked over to where Mayuka had collapsed in the
chair.

        "I think you should join us, Mayuka," Ryoko told her.

        Mayuka groaned.  "You mean walk up those stairs again?"
she complained, "You've got to be kidding."

        Ryoko only grinned and opened the door.  "Trust me," she
said, "this is a family thing, and you'll both enjoy it one way or the
other."

                        *       *       *

        Standing in the courtyard in front of the shrine, Tenchi
Masaki observed his daughter Yui ready herself for the morning
workout.  Though Yui's abilities and technique were certainly
improving by leaps and bounds, even with her newfound talents from
her mother, Tenchi was confident in his ability to block anything Yui
could throw at him.

        Still and yet, Tenchi did feel a little apprehensive for a split
second, seeing both his other daughter and wife sitting on the side of
the courtyard as if waiting for something to happen.  Tenchi was not a
superstitious fellow most of the time, but he fostered a certain belief
that whenever he was in the presence of at least three women,
something traumatic was bound to happen.  History would certainly be
hard pressed to prove him wrong.

        Watching Ryoko wave happily to him from the sidelines,
Tenchi returned his attention to his daughter, Yui.  Letting all the
thoughts and concerns of the day slip away from him, Tenchi found
that quiet spot within himself that made him a much faster, smarter,
and formidable fencer.  Bringing his bokken up to attention, he was
aware of Yui doing the same with hers.  This morning's practice was
going to involve some actual contact, so the energy weapons were
being left unused for the practice.

        Circling each other, Tenchi with smooth ease compared to Yui's
wariness, the swordsmen tested the waters, each waiting for the other
to make the first move.  After a minute of nothing really happening,
Tenchi smiled and decided to initiate the fight, less they sit there
circling each other for the rest of the morning.  Rushing her in a the
blink of an eye, Tenchi made a sweeping arc with his weapon,
reversing the stroke back again towards the dodging Yui.

        Watching the pair for several moments, Mayuka scratched at
her sweat matted hair in puzzlement.  Though Yui was doing all right,
it was easy to see that Tenchi was stalking his daughter, biding his
time.  Mayuka leaned over towards Ryoko.

        "So, when exactly are you supposed to help Yui?" she
whispered to the pirate.

        Ryoko only smiled and shook her head.  "A little bit longer,"
she replied, whispering back, "Yui's still got a lot of energy left.
Let's wait till she gets tired and Tenchi gets overconfident."

        Clack after clack of wood on wood rang out across the
courtyard.  Like to dueling winds, father and daughter would rush
together, attacking, feinting, and spiraling for several moments until
they swept apart, only to come together and do so again.

        And again.

        Finally, Yui started to *really* feel her strength beginning to
falter.  Looking up at her father across her bokken, she could feel the
burn starting to pull at the muscles in her legs and arms.  It had only
been two minutes of fencing, but it seemed like an eternity.

        <Uh, mom,> panted Yui mentally to her mother.

        <Yes, dear?>

        <Now would be a really great time,> she replied, <to, uh...
do whatever it is you're going to do.>

        Ryoko smiled, watching the pair clash again.  <Very well,>
she answered, <the next pass, instead of feinting away from Tenchi,
press him harder.>

        <Moooom,> Yui whined, <he'll nail me if I stay within his
range for too long!>

        <Just remember to stay focused no matter what I say.  Trust
your mother, dear.>

        <Yeeeees, ma'am.>

        Straightening her shirt absently, Ryoko smiled to herself and
looked over at where her husband was once again circling a rapidly
tiring Yui.  Sensing his daughter's weakening condition, Tenchi had
become a little more bold and was feinting and playing with his
daughter, trying to get her to spend even more energy chasing false
attacks.  Under normal circumstances, he'd never be this unfocused
with a real opponent, but what he was doing now was a teaching tool
for his daughter.  He knew he could be her, she knew he could beat
her, so what was gained in him going out and quickly doing so every
morning?  The goal was to teach both his daughters something every
day, and that required a little playing on his part.

        "Teeenchi," Ryoko called out from the sideline.

        "Uh, huh," Tenchi answered, feinting Yui again.

        "I was just sitting here with Mayuka," she called out again,
"when I just remembered something very important I need to tell you."

        Tenchi spotted an opening and moved in on his daughter.

        "Can it wait-unh-just a bit beloved?" he asked, attacking
Yui.

        As he expected, Yui blocked his attack and rapidly countered
with one of her own.  Sidestepping the attack, Tenchi expected his
daughter to fall away from his range, taking the time to gasp a little
breath and rest for a split second.

        Ryoko shook her thick mane of hair.  "No, I'm afraid this
can't wait, Tenchi," she disagreed, "you really need to know about
this."

        Instead of feinting away like he expected, Yui momentarily
surprised Tenchi by adding a second attack and pressing him back a
step.  It was not like Yui to act so aggressively, analyzed Tenchi, but
he already had his counter-attack planned once he recovered his balance.

        "Uh, huh," he repeated to his wife.

        *Clack clack* went the weapons.

        "It seems my mother tinkered a bit with my genetic structure
while I was regenerating," she said calmly but clearly.

        "That's---nice!" he commented absently, still recovering from the
ferocity of Yui attack.

        *Clack clack*

        "I'm afraid Washu found a way of making me totally
compatible with humans," Ryoko continued on.

        "Really?" asked Tenchi, now slightly curious and distracted by
Ryoko's comments.

        Nevertheless, as Yui swept around in her attack, Tenchi once
again saw his chance appear.  In pushing so hard, Yui had left herself
wide open on one side.

        "Mmm-hmm," Ryoko replied, "seems that I can get pregnant
now without any of her technology at all."

        *Clack clack*

        Tenchi became even more distracted.  "R-really?" he asked
again, trying to focus in on Yui's opening.

        "Teeenchi," Ryoko called with a wolfish grin, "I'm
pregnant."

        "Y-you're what?! -- Ooow!" Tenchi cried as an intense pain
went off on the side of his ribs.

        Having his attention go totally haywire, Tenchi had dropped
his guard for only a fraction of a second, but it was enough.  Pushing
hard and totally focused on her target, Yui had seen the opening and
taken in, smacking her father quite hard in the ribcage.  Falling back
with her guard still up, Yui's brain tried to register what had just
happened.

        "You're pregnant?" demanded Mayuka from beside Ryoko,
with an astonished look on her face.

        "I beat dad?!" asked an incredulous Yui.

        "O-ouch," winced a soon-to-be very sore Tenchi.

        Mayuka glomped onto Ryoko, dragging her into a sweeping
hug.  Meanwhile, Yui threw her hands up into the air, titled her head
back into the sky, and did something very un-sportsman-like, but
completely understandable.

        She gloated.

        "Oh, yes!" she laughed, "Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes!  Woo hoo!"

        Tenchi looked up at the sight of his daughters and wife each
in the midst of their own excitement and cheer, holding his tender ribs
cautiously.  He winced as a familiar door slid open with a slap.

        "Tenchi!" called out the disapproving voice of Yosho.

        "Yes, granddad?" Tenchi replied a little sheepishly.

        Yosho only sighed and shook his head in disapproval.  "Try
harder, Tenchi," before closing the door again.

        Before Tenchi could reply, he was attacked by Yui, who
tackled him in a giant hug.  They were soon joined by Ryoko and
Mayuka, until they were all laughing at the amazed and bemused look
on his face.

        "You're not joking, right Ryoko-san?" asked Tenchi
nervously.

        "Nope, Tenchi," Ryoko smiled, kissing him, "I'm really
pregnant."

        "Geez, daddy," smirked Mayuka mischievously, "you've been
pretty busy while I've been in space, haven't you?"

        Ryoko laughed as Tenchi turned bright red.  Yui made a face
and put her hands over her ears, still not quite ready to imagine her
parents having sex.

                        *       *       *

        Indeed, life more or less continued on at the Masaki residence
without incident.  Tenchi did manage to recover rather quickly from
his bruise on his ribcage, though it took Yui quite a bit longer to
recover from the glee of having finally given her father something of a
defeat.  Mayuka, inspired by the news of an impending new sibling,
relaxed her cynicism that she had demonstrated upon arriving and
settled in to just enjoying being at home.

        And through it all, Ryoko looked upon her growing family
with pride mixed with an aching heart.  She had been gone from their
lives for so long, but now, she vowed, that was all going to change.
Nothing in this world would keep Ryoko from her family ever again.

        Mihoshi also enjoyed her stay at the Masaki residence for the
several days that she awaited Sasami's return.  Busying herself with
various chores, playing with Ryo-ohki and Tenchi's daughters, and
unintentionally sneaking past Washu's improved lab security defenses
several times, she genuinely enjoyed the vacation she was getting away
from being on patrol.

        Of Washu, they did not see much, as was typical when the
scientist got to working on something in her lab.  Occasionally, she
would pop her head out for meals, devour them rapidly, and then
heading back through the closet door in a hurry.  Several members of
the household tried inquiring what she was working on, but Washu
refused to give any hint at all.  Tenchi was just thankful the days of
him being tied up in her lab were over.

        Very little was seen of Yosho, either.  Deep in thought, he
spent most of his days in his shrine, not coming out except for late
meals.  Something with his encounter with the noble, Tevean Jan, had
unsettled him to the core, but it seemed to go somewhat deeper than
just having a difficult duel with another Juraian.

        Eventually, after five days had passed, Sasami and Nathaniel
returned from their little tour of some of the quieter places in Japan.
Though both of them looked somewhat tired from their travels, there
was an easy going laughter between them and a comfortable friendship
that seemed genuine.  None of the family asked Sasami how she and
Nathaniel had spent their time or how much of the secrets kept at the
Masaki residence she had divulged, respecting her privacy
since she seemed so happy.  Only Mayuka bothered to spare a rolled
eye or two at the sappiness that occasionally formed between Nathaniel
and Sasami.

        All things end, however, and eventually the fateful day came
where the royal escort arrived to retrieve the princess.

                        *       *       *

        The shocked expressions and gasps from the courtiers never
even reached Princess Sasami.  With a roar in her ears that came
straight from within, she felt she had seized the first part of her
future by making a request that no other member of the royal family
in history had ever dreamed of making.

        "Come with me," Sasami repeatedly loudly in a ringing voice,
amidst the gasps, "Please, Nathaniel.  Come with me to Jurai as my
royal guardian!"

        Not quite so immune to the noises coming from the escorts
around him, Nathaniel looked very curious, aware that something
important was occurring, but not certain exactly what.

        "C-come with you?" he stammered slightly, "You mean to
your planet?  To Jurai?"

        "As my royal guardian, Nathaniel," Sasami nodded quickly
her hands coming up together in front of her chest.

        Nathaniel, starting to become lightheaded at the realization of
being offered to travel to another *planet*, still managed to keep his
brain functioning.  Looking a little amazed, yet still curious, he then
asked another question.

        "B-but, what's a guardian?" he stammered again.

        "Guardians are the most trusted protectors of the royal
family," Sasami responded, "and I trust you.  Don't you *see*,
Nathaniel?  When I get to Jurai, I'll have no one who sees me the way
you do, no one who sees me as a friend... only those who see me as a
princess!  I need a friend like you to help me through this, and for
that..."

        Sasami slowed down an took a deep breath before continuing,
"For that, Nathaniel, I would make you my guardian, entrusting you
with my well-being for all the time we are on Jurai, as only a friend
like you could."

        The amazement that had been on the faces of the members of
the Masaki household had rapidly altered during Sasami entreaty to
Nathaniel.  Tenchi looked surprised, but otherwise masked his
emotion.  Ryoko's eyes narrowed and studied the princess intently,
while Yui and Nobuyuki continued to gape.  Mihoshi looked blank,
wondering what was going on, while a dreadful realization could be
seen in Yosho's eyes.

        "Please, Nathaniel," Sasami urged, holding out her hand to
him, "please say yes."

        Taking a deep breath, his head swimming from the overload
of information Sasami's request was placing upon him, Nathaniel
looked up from the princess's outstretched hand and into her eyes.
Looking into Sasami's deep and colorful orbs, he felt drawn into them,
like all this had happened before, sometime long ago, and he already
knew the outcome.

        "I would be honored. Princess Sasami," he stated quietly, "I
would be honored to be your guardian and your friend on this voyage."

        There were gasps from the crowd of courtiers, though
this time more restrained and fewer.  Delight forming in her eyes,
before Sasami could speak, however, Yosho glided ever so slightly
forward and spoke, his face very serious.

        "Please, Sasami," he spoke in a whisper that could not be
heard for more than a few feet, "please reconsider what you have just
asked of Nathaniel.  This will not turn out the way you desire."

        Sasami shook her head vigorously at the prince's demand, her
long and blue hair rippling in the sunshine.  Her face set in stone, she
looked up at her half-brother and spoke in gentle defiance.

        "He is my guardian," she said simply, "and shall remain so
until I release him from his obligations to me."

        "Sasami..." whispered Yosho.

        The princess quickly turned from the aging prince and faced
the rest of her family.  Settling her royal gown with the palms of her
hands, Sasami took a deep breath and looked at Tenchi and Ryoko.

        "Won't the two of you please reconsider coming to Jurai with
me?" she begged, "The palace would be welcome to you, and it would
be so wonderful to have you there."

        "And me?" piped Yui excitedly.

        "Of course, *Princess* Yui," Sasami smiled warmly.

        But then Tenchi shook his head.  "I am sorry, Sasami," he
said in his quietly endearing way, "but I cannot put Ryoko in that
position.  Though the royal family may have forgiven her, the noble
houses certainly never have, and I cannot expose Ryoko to that kind of
hatred."

        "But, certainly the noble-" Sasami tried to begin.

        "Sasami," Ryoko interrupted quietly, "Sasami, I want to stay
here... on Earth...  I... I lost so many years away from Tenchi and my
daughter... I can never have them back."

        Sasami closed her mouth slowly and lowered her outstretched
hand.  Her face became awash in sadness as she realized the hurt her
request was causing Ryoko.

        "I love you, kiddo," Ryoko smiled, a small tear cresting on
her cheek, "and I can never, ever repay the debt I owe you of looking
after little Yui and Mayuka and Tenchi, but you're a woman, now,
more than able to take care of herself, right?  I haven't had a family
for so long, Sasami."

        Ryoko wiped at her eye and placed her hands protectively
over her flat stomach.  "... with this one on the way,  Sasami, I just
don't want to lose this time again," she whispered, "I need to be here,
and I need Tenchi and Yui to be here with me."

        Sasami, sniffling quietly, stepped up and embraced Ryoko
fiercely.  Back in the rows of courtiers, numerous faces darkened
noticeably.

        "Forgive me, dearest Ryoko," whispered Sasami back, "I did
not realize what I asked of you.  Of course, I cannot take away Tenchi
and your family!  Please, please forgive me!"

        "I can't go?" asked Yui, her hands on her hips and a
profound look of disappointment beginning to form on her face.

        Tenchi shook his head.  "No kitten," he said, "maybe when
you are older in a few years, like Mayuka."

        Sasami looked up from her embrace with Ryoko, tears
staining her pretty and freckled cheeks.  "W-where is Mayuka,
Tenchi?" sniffed the princess, "And Washu for that matter-"

        "All right! All right!" an obnoxiously loud voice called out
from the other side of the dock, "Coming through! Make way for the
universe's greatest scientific genius!"

        Plowing through the crowd, Washu and Mayuka, both
dressed in Juraian uniforms of royal handmaidens, made their way
towards Sasami.  Carried between them was a bright red chunk of wood
that looked suspiciously like the closet door from inside the house.

        "Out of the way!" demanded Washu again, "Hey, what's the
matter, never seen a cute royal servant before?  Yeah, and while your
staring, why don't you big, strong men take this door for me!"

        Combining their efforts, Mayuka and Washu heaved the
closet door at two of the royal guards, making them have to catch and
fumble with the hunk of wood in confusion.  With a loud chuckle that
mirrored the grin on Mayuka's face, Washu dusted her hands and
turned towards Sasami.

        "So," she said matter-of-factly, "let's get this show on the
road!"

        "W-wasahu... Mayuka..." Sasami blinked, "you're coming
with me?"

        "Why, of course!" beamed the little redhead, "You didn't
think that the cutest scientist in the *galaxy* would pass up
this chance to do some firsthand research, did ya?"

        "I just wanted to see Jurai for myself, I guess," shrugged
Mayuka, with a smile on her features, "besides, Aunt Sasami, I
haven't gotten to see much of you since I went away to college."

        "Seems like you won't be alone, after all, Sasami," added
Tenchi, "though, I think Ryo-ohki is going to stay here with us, just in
case we need her."

        "Meeee-yow!" agreed the little cabbit, waving a paw from her
perch on Yui's shoulder.

        "Washu, Mayuka," breathed Sasami, "thank you so much!
Please, please do come along with me!"

        There was a soft rustling of cloth as Yosho unfolded his arms
and stood to his full height.  Stepping forward towards Sasami, he
then bowed on one knee before her and titled his head.

        "Princess Sasami," he began formally, "please grant my
request of also accepting me as one of your guardians."

        Sasami looked shocked as Tenchi's jaw dropped.

        "Grandfather!" Tenchi exclaimed in surprise.

        The other members of the Masaki residence also were just as
stunned as Tenchi and Sasami.  Each were more than aware of
Yosho's long standing desire never to leave Earth or set foot on Jurai
again.  All of this was lost to Nathaniel, though not to the escorts who
watched with interest.

        "Y-yosho," Sasami began to object.

        "Please Sasami," Yosho quietly entreated, "please believe me
when I say it is essential for me to return with you to Jurai."

        Sasami's face grew intensely troubled as she tried to perceive
what could cause her half-brother to suddenly wish to leave for Jurai.

        "But why?" entreated Sasami, "You always said you'd remain
on Earth... forever."

        There was a long silence from Yosho as everyone waited
breathlessly for his reply.  The usual calm and collected look that
graced his face was still there, but tension lines framed at the edges
of his eyes.

        "Once upon a time I thought I would never return," began
Yosho, "and I never thought there would be a reason to leave the
Earth, my home.  But that is no longer the case, and I am bound by
honor to travel with you, Sasami.  There are many issues that will
need to be resolved with my return, and I can best serve those issues,
and you, as your second guardian."

        Sasami was enveloped in an instant vertigo as the scene
before her fell away into nothingness.  Standing at the edge of a
dream, the guards, the mountains, the house, and her family were
washed away, leaving her on a desolate plain.  Before her, with their
backs to her, stood two royal guardians, each facing outwards into the
void, their eyes intent and searching.  In the distance, vague and
shadowy shapes could be seen, circling ever closer.

        `M-my dream!' gasped Sasami, `Yosho and the other
guardian... is Nathaniel!  I had forgotten the dream!  They were always
going to be with me!"

        Just as quickly, the world stopped spinning and Sasami was
returned to the summer sunshine of the docks in front of the Masaki
residence.  Putting her hand to her head, Sasami looked about in a
dazed manner, but no one else seemed to have noticed anything but
her.  Cramming the effects of the precognition dream back into a small
corner of her mind, Sasami looked down at the prince.

        "Prince Yosho," she said more steadily, "please rise, dearest
Yosho, and stand beside Nathaniel as one of my royal guardians.  I can
think of no greater Juraian than you to be responsible for my welfare."

        "Are you sure about this?" asked a concerned Ryoko, her
arms protectively around Yui.

        "I am," nodded Yosho with resolve. "Tenchi!"

        "Y-yes grandfather!" jumped Tenchi, taken by surprise and
reacting as if he were much younger.

        "Take care of your family while I am away," the prince
instructed, "you have much more to protect now that I will be
gone from this place."

        "I will, grandfather," replied Tenchi, nodding seriously and
wrapping an arm around his wife and daughter.

        Yosho nodded in serious satisfaction, and crossed his arms
again, closing his eyes.  Sasami smiled at everyone and turned to
Nathaniel, gently resting her hand on his arm, her eyes speaking
volumes of appreciation and trust.  Mayuka saw the look Sasami gave
Nathaniel and rolled her eyes, muttering something under her breath.

        Rubbing her hands together with a wicked look of glee on her
cute face, Washu looked up at the battleship, Tsunami.

        "A palace full of nobles, eh?" she chuckled quietly, "Not a
bad place for a little experimentation, but then, you've known that for
eons, haven't you Tsunami?"

                        *       *       *

        Traveling through the vastness of space, shadowed and guided by
two sleak Galaxy Police cruisers, the nobleman, Tevean Jan, sat idly
and watched the stars shoot by.  The ships were just leaving the
restricted zone of Jurai space, and would be reaching the royal planet
in another week or so.

        Tevean Jan, for the thousandth time, consoled himself in the
knowledge that he could obliterate the Galaxy Police ships with
hardly a thought, but he knew to do so would not serve his purpose.
He closed his eyes and smiled sinisterly.

        'Let them take me to Jurai,' he thought, 'it will only help
me in the end.'

        He was, however, somewhat surprised at what he had seen of the
princess's abilities on Earth.  And he had been so *certain* that
Sasami's command of her own powers was far too tenuous to be a threat.
Even so, he felt he could have defeated her right then and there, but
that was not the ultimate goal.  No, the greater goal was a prize much,
much larger, and for that he had masked his own abilities and powers
in the duel with Prince Yosho.  He had simply gone to Earth to stir
a little extra fear in the princess, even if it had not turned out that
way exactly.  Ah, well, the best laid plans...

        Tevean Jan opened his eyes, revealing two blazing red orbs
underneath his narrowed lids.

        To reach the greater goal, the complete destruction of Jurai, the
Champion of the Tree of Darkness would need to be on that planet and
near the princess.  What better way than to be held at the royal palace
under arrest?

        Yes, it was only a matter of time.

                        *       *       *

                End of "No Need For Sasami": Cycle 1.

                        *       *       *

                          Afterward
                 -- by Nathaniel Swann --

        There are times when the mystery that is this life can not be
explained.  Random events, small droplets of possibility, gather and
collect until you are swept along in a great tide that stretches beyond
all your previous horizons.  Invariably, some will struggle against the
inescapable forces of Fate, if there is such a thing, or those of pure
Chance.  And those people will either pull themselves ashore onto a
seemingly safe haven, or be ripped along to the bottom, their energies
expended in a futile struggle.  Either way, they will fall short of
their best possible destiny.

        That is not the way I have chosen to look at my life, however.
Throughout the random events, the fickle breezes that unknowingly
nudged me from one path in life to another, there have been very few
instances were I could not have stopped myself and chosen another
route to a safer haven.  While there were always the events I could not
control, those unfathomable currents, all they really served to do was
put me into different situations where I was my own guiding light
again and choice was my ally.

        And then, as I remember rising above the Earth so smoothly
and quietly in a great ship of Jurai, beholding the wonder that is our
planet, I could stand there and assure myself that it was, in the end,
by my own decision and consciousness that I was on that course.
Knowing that I could have declined to make this fantastic voyage out
of our tiny solar system into a larger and uncertain galaxy, knowing
that I could have rightfully turned away forever from a woman without
forgiving her, and knowing that at any time I could have chosen not to
endure the trials coming to Japan had set before me. well, in the face
of my first look at the vastness of space and all the unknown phantoms
out there, I could take comfort that I had, in part, charted my own
course.  And in accepting that, I could accept all the things that would
happen to me later, when perhaps my life would not be under my own
control.

        It was easy to say that then.  It was easy to console myself
with that philosophy while leaving Earth.  Even now, with all the
events I was forced to endure, no... forced to survive after my arrival
on Jurai, I wonder if I could have stepped off of Earth and onto
Tsunami that summer day had I known the terrible things that would
occur later.  I wonder if I would have done so, even knowing the
wondrous life it would ultimately result in.

        Now my beloved comes beside me and says I should not dwell
on these things that are in the past, that I should not fill my mind
with doubts or second guesses.  She feels that it is not important
whether you decided to leap one direction or shuffle down another; the
only important thing, in the end, is what you did when you actually got
there.  What I did on Earth and on Jurai, I accomplished with what I
had available within me at the time, and in truth, I should not
criticize my, or anyone else's, actions in hindsight.  Come what may,
we did the best that we could, each in accordance with our own abilities
and life experiences.  So, I will take my beloved's advice, follow her
example, and trouble myself no further with those events following my
departure from Earth that you, yourself, will come to be familiar with
in time.

        I said before that I have often wondered at the way life works.
There are infinite paths and possibilities at every moment for every
decision you make.  When you stop and think about it, given all the
possible decisions you can make at every instant,  it is really amazing
that anything ever gets done, much less that simply spectacular events
collide to change your life forever.

        But, as before, I get ahead of myself.

                        *       *       *

       To be concluded in Cycle 2 of "No Need For Sasami".

Author's Note:

Whew! That's it for Cycle 1.  Looking at my calander, it is exactly
a year and two weeks since I first typed the opening line of my first
chapter into my word processor. It's fun to recall that at the time, I
fully expected this story to be no longer than thirty or forty pages,
tops! To date, with the end of Cycle 1, however, it now tops 300 pages!

I have to thank you, the reader, for my coming so far with this story.
While it is true that I was writing the story for my own enjoyment,
perhaps I would not have put the length or attention to detail into the
story that I did had I not received so *much* email of encouragement!
Since publishing the first chapter back in June, I have not had one
negative comment, though plenty of insightful criticisms and complements
from more people than I can count.  It is because I suddenly realized I
was responsible for making a story that kept you, the reader, interested
and rewarded for following my writing, not just fulfilling a desire
within myself to type a few pages, that I have kept at this. So, a
word to the wise: when I start posting Cycle 2, keep those criticisms
coming!

A special thanks to the numerous people who, in the course of a year,
offered various encouragement, criticisms, and ideas that helped shape
NNFS.  Though the number of people who corresponded with me over the
year is too long to even begin to list, I would like to take the time to
recognize in particular my prereader, Athena Sournian, who spent a lot
of thought picking through my previous four or five chapters.  Though
Chapter 9 is the first one Athena got to actually delve into *before*
I posted it, her comments and criticisms helped me catch a lot of holes
I did not even realize existed, and think about what I was writing
before I made new ones.

Finally, when will Cycle 2 be out? Well, I'm going to finish my AMG!
fanfic that I've been tinkering with (don't worry, it'll be shorter
than NNFS - no, really, I promise!), and in between those chapters
start to write Cycle 2. I plan to have several already finished by the
time I post the first chapter, sometime in June, just like I did for
Cycle 1. Cycle 2 will introduce new characters, focus on old ones more
deeply, and have a heck of a lot more action and intrigue and conflict.
And just who is Nathaniel's beloved that he mentioned in his afterward?
Hmmm... well, I know who it is, because I wrote the ending to Cycle 2
months ago... all I'll say is it's a REALLY great read, so you'll just
have to wait till then!

Sincerely,

Michael McAvoy
mmcavoy@acm.vt.edu
www.acm.vt.edu/~mmcavoy/

Last Updated February 5, 1999.