    DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo and all its characters are copyrighted by Pioneer 
LDC and some other Japanese company someone tell me who they are! They are 
not mine. Not yet anyway, ha! My point is don't sue me! Besides I have 
nothing that you could possess anyway I'm flat-out broke. All I wanted to do 
was write a simple story, not a lawsuit. Thanks! Now for your entertainment 
(boredom actually) here's the story-

    Tenchi once again, woke up to the sound of Ayeka and Ryoko fighting. In 
fact, they had been fighting a lot in the past couple of days. "Man" he said 
quietly, "can't those two ever get along, someone's got to do something about 
this." His thoughts were then interrupted by a loud explosion. "Not again" he 
moaned. He wondered if anything in the house was still standing. A few 
minutes later Tenchi was lecturing them again. 
    "Can't you just calm down and ignore each other? I don't believe you two 
This is happening to much, I don't want to.....!" This sound familiar he 
thought, oh yeah, I said the exact same thing yesterday. " I'm getting too 
frustrated, I can't take it anymore!" 
    "But she...." Ayeka tried to say.
    " Hey its not my fault" Chimed in Ryoko, under her breath she said " That 
your a complete loser."
    " I don't want to hear it" was the cold response.
Tenchi then stomped of to regain his composure and cool down. Of all the 
times he thought, Yosho and Nobuyuki had just gone away on a trip leaving him 
all alone. Why weren't they there when I need them he thought, its like they 
know when to go...... like its a test.
    Through all this Samami was listening and snuck of to talk to Washu. 
    " Little Washu, isn't there something you can do to stop them from 
fighting?"
    " For once Sasami, I don't know, they fight over such stupid things but 
I'll try"
    " Thanks Washu"
    " What was that?!"
    " Thanks LITTLE Washu"
    " Better"
    " But please hurry, everyone's tension level is rising quickly, another 
fight could be just around the corner."
    Washu sighed to herself, this won't be easy she thought. But she knew 
that this would further show her incredible genius if she could do this.
    "Ha, this will show 'em" 
    A couple days later and about a half-million fights later, Washu wasn't 
in the same optimistic mood in fact she was downright pissed.
    " Damn it, they just can't get along, nothing works! Not even the best 
damn tricks I have! Sasami's right, nothing can stop those two! The only way 
is to kill them both" she smiled as that thought crossed her mind.
    " That's all right, at least were already used to this anyway. Lets not 
go that far."
    Washu turned to see Tenchi uneasily smiling at her, 
    " Hey don't talk like that to the greatest genius in the universe!" 
Shouted Washu
    "Plus, I've got a plan" 
    Tenchi knew she didn't but was smart enough to shut up. It was too 
stressful around here anyway. No one could get along. Kiyone was screaming at 
Mihoshi, Ayeka at Ryoko and likewise, and even the cool-headed Sasami was 
getting edgy. This was just not the place to be. 
    " Hey hey," said Washu, " i got it, it'll just take a minute" as she ran 
to one of her machines and started working. She was talking to herself but to 
Tenchi, she was talking in another language so he quietly slipped out.
    Tenchi slipped out just in time to run into a flustered Ryoko.
    " Did you know that Ayeka's a bitch? 'Cause she is, how can she be a 
princess?"
    Tenchi was getting used to this and didn't want an argument so he just 
walked away. Which was just the perfect time to run into Ayeka.
    " I hate that Ryoko! Why is she even here? Tenchi, tell her to leave! She 
isn't wanted here! She makes me so mad." 
    Tenchi was beginning to wonder how he could ever fall in love with either 
of them.
    Unfortunately Ryoko heard this and another fight started. The energy 
fields and power log things started flying. As Tenchi tried to break them 
apart but, of course, this was futile and they fought their way into Washu's 
lab. Breaking everything in their path. They ran right into Washu's machine. 
The last thing they heard was Washu saying "uh oh"
    Ryoko woke up first. She was very groggy even so, so she fell right back 
to sleep.
When Ayeka woke, the first thing that she saw was herself across the room. 
But she couldn't see a mirror, and it wasn't her reflection either. The next 
thing she saw was Washu giving her a sheepish grin.
    " There's been a slight problem Ayeka"
    " What is it?"
    " Well, um, when you hit the machine, it caused some of your molecular 
structure to mix with Ryoko's, meaning that your mind is in her body, and 
she's in yours"
    " WHAT!!!"
    " Don't worry I can fix this....... just not yet"
    " Does anyone else know about this" asked a very queasy Ayeka,
    " Nope and I'd like it to keep it this way, after all, who here has the 
reputation of being a perfect genius here anyway?"
    " Not you" Ayeka said under her breath. She was secretly hoping that this 
was a really bad dream. She couldn't stand the thought of living in Ryoko, 
her worst enemy's body. This was going to be a living hell for her. She sat 
there pondering the past hours events. What was she going to do? 
    " How can I do this" she thought "This is torture." She was interrupted 
by Ryoko moaning.
    "Owww what happened" said Ryoko.
    " Hello" said Ayeka, in Ryoko's body.
    " Ahh! No! This can't be! Washu!
    Washu could only shake her head.
    "Now" said Washu, " After thinking this over, I don't quite have a 
solution yet, everyone is worried so you can't stay here, I need my peace and 
quiet"
    " But"
    " Wait"
    " No, you guys go, just don't give yourselves away, remember, they don't 
know what happened, the only thing you can do is adjust so JUST GET USED TO 
IT!"
    Ayeka turned to Ryoko with a dumbfounded-what-do-I-do look on her face.
< From now I will refer to them as the mind in the body, therefore Ryoko 
means Ryoko's mind in Ayeka's body, try not to get confused, too late 
probably. OK?>
    Washu went right on preaching, " OK now I almost have the problem 
isolated"
    " The problem is we are in the wrong bodies!" They both screamed back.
    " No the problem in returning you to your old bodies, now leave, so I can 
get to work" and with a flick of her wrist Ayeka and Ryoko were transported 
to the living room. It wasn't long until everyone found them. Still very 
confused.
    " Are you all right Ayeka?" asked Sasami.
    " Yeah, just a little dizzy" replied Ayeka, in Ryoko's body.
    " But, she didn't ask you" questioned Mihoshi.
    " Just shut up" was Kiyone's frustrated response.
    " Just be happy that their back." For once everybody agreed with Mihoshi.
    Tenchi only said "well, I hope you learned your lesson" as he walked away.
    " But Ten-," "Wait" Ayeka and Ryoko tried to say something but they were 
interrupted by the others.
    " Just get some rest, this has been a very strange day" said Kiyone as 
they left.
    Tenchi took a talk in the woods just thinking. He was becoming very 
frustrated and edgy recently, he was lost in thought:
    " Maybe I should apologize, but no, shouldn't they be apologizing to me? 
I'm just so confused, I wish Yosho or dad was here, I'm just ever so lost." 
In fact he was, he wondered about for some time contemplating these events.
    Meanwhile back at the Masaki household, Ryoko and Ayeka were just 
confusing everyone. They were just trying to get used to the others bodies. 
Ayeka was trying, in vain, to teleport and Ryoko was trying to access Jurai 
military secrets but she didn't know Ayeka's password. Everyone around them 
was just wondering what was wrong with them. Its like they completely forgot 
everything.
    " Ayeka?" asked Sasami "Don't you remember what you have to do?"
    " Um, could you remind me?"
    " Didn't you remember you have to call Mommy and Daddy now!"
    " Oh shit" thought Ryoko, what the hell am I going to do?
    " C'mon, only you have the authorization" urged Sasami who was growing 
restless, we haven't talked to them in so long!
    " Then can't we wait just a little longer?" Pleaded the demon as her last 
attempt,
    "Fine" pouted Sasami who was obviously irritated, " You owe me big,"
    " Whew" thought Ryoko, this was going to be harder than I thought. Who 
knew Ayeka's life was so complicated? 
    Meanwhile Ayeka was enjoying doing absolutely nothing. " Just like Ryoko, 
she sighed to herself, never doing anything. This is the life, too bad Tenchi 
isn't here, that would make it perfect." Tenchi had cooled down but he had 
caught the flu and was in his room resting. He was off-limits to everybody 
else but Sasami. Ayeka was thankful for that because everything was getting 
so confusing now. Finding nothing to do she got the mail. After opening her 
(Ayeka's) mail.
    " WHAT?! RYOKO SPENT $5,000 ON MY CREDIT CARD!" 
    " Sorry, I kinda got out of hand...." for the first time, Ryoko was 
speechless.
    " I should have you arrested and thrown into subspace" 
    " How?, I'm the princess now don't you remember" said Ryoko with an evil 
grin spreading slowly on your face, " In fact don't I now have ALL of your 
privileges?"
    " Why you...........you....." Was all Ayeka's face turned red with as 
Ryoko left. She continued to read the mail, as she opened a mail from Jurai. 
A smile formed.
    " Ryoko, come here,"
    " What"
    " It seems as if Ayeka has to go to Jurai for a special meeting, and I 
can't go, they'd never recognize me, and that leaves.........you."
    Before Ryoko could say anything, they got a message from Kamidake and 
Azaka. 
    "Good afternoon Ayeka, Ryoko"
    " Princess Ayeka your presence is needed on Jurai, Just you, Sasami may 
stay you will leave tomorrow morning, by order of Misaki and Azusa, don't 
worry though you will be able to return."
    " What will she do?" questioned Ayeka (it may get confusing now )
    " Good question Ryoko, she will be attending a meeting, an important one, 
matters are highly confidential." All of a sudden, Kamidake interrupted them,
    "Excuse me your highness, there's been a change, we have to leave 
now!............."
    Ryoko only stood there dumbfounded.......................

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And so my first lowly attempt at a fanfic is done. I hope that I didn't take 
an idea already there, if so please notify me. And if there is, I ask 
permission to use this idea. But anyway (for the one or two still there) 
how'd you like it? Sorry for any spelling or grammar errors, I suck at that. 
Email me with your critique, its important address is at the top of course! I 
need your support. Bye and thanks for reading! :-) Look forward to Part 2, 
coming soon. Sorry, I would've connected them together (the two parts) but I 
wanted to try to make this months deadline. Sorry if its too short. And 
thanks to Gensao for actually putting this up! (assuming he does) 