                              "No need for Tenchi"
                                Ronin Part : One
                   ("No need to be " 'Perfect Strangers' ")

	As the early afternoon sun shines down in the town where Mishoshi and
Kiyone's apartment is, Mishoshi looks outside a window to see a better
view of the beautiful day.
	Kiyone is sitting on the floor and looking through her academy year
book. She closes her eyes and thinks back to her days as a cadet. Then
she comes back to realty when there is a ringing at the front door.
	"I'll get it !" yells Mishosh as she runs to the door almost tripping
on the rug.
	She opens it and finds Tenchi,  Princess Ayeka, Princess Samami with
Ryo-ohki on her shoulder, standing in front of the door.
	"Hello!" everyone shouted.
	"Hi!" replied Mihoshi, in a higher than normal voice. "Glad you can
come!"
	"Yep, I brought all the stuff we need to cook dinner!" said Samami as
she held up a bag of food.   
	"Let me get it that !" said Kiyone as she gets up and puts her book on
the table, still open.
	She takes the bag from Sasami and puts it on the table. Tenchi and
Ayeka walk in.
 
	

	"Come on in, and make yourselves at home!" said Mihoshi.
 	Tenchi and Ayeka have a seat around the table, while Sasami and
Mihoshi began to get stated at dinner. 
	 Just then, Mihoshi looks around outside the door.
	"Where's Washu and Ryouko?" said Mihoshi. "I thought they were coming
too!"
	"Oh, Washu said; "she and Ryouko would be by later!" said Sasami.
	"Yes, Washu said; "It was time for a mother and daughter talk again!"
said Ayeka.  
	"In other words; "Time for a another trip though the experiment chamber
from hell!" said Kiyone as she sat down between Ayeka and Tenchi. 
	"Mm-hmm!" said Tenchi and Ayeka together nodding their heads.
	"By the way, Kiyone!" counted Ayeka. "Washu would like to see you down
in her lab too sometime !"
	Kiyone turns a little red and breaks out in a cold sweat!
	"Ugh, no thanks!" 
	Tenchi looks down at Kiyone's book 
	"Say, what's this!"



	"This is my graduating year book from the academy!" said Kiyone as she
flips through the book until it shows her in a cadet uniform.
	"This is me at my first year!"
	She flips to a another page with a couple of other photographs of her
at training and classroom lessons. A 5" x 7" photograph of her in her
galaxy police uniform at graduation day with a small message in the left
hand corner: "Number Two in her class!" 
	"Number two, huh!" said Tenchi.
	"Yep!" Kiyone replied with a little pride in her voice.
	"Is this the rest of your class?" says Ayeka as she points to the 8"x
10" picture with a large group of cadets and teachers in it.
	"The ones who made it!" said Kiyone.
	"Who are the people dressed all in black?"  said Tenchi.
	Kiyone looks at the photo and sees that Tenchi is pointing directly to
a tall firmly built man dressed in black coveralls with the roman number
"five" on the right pocket, wearing a black color ski-type mask that
covered everything except his blue eyes which showed a little coldness
in them, and a baseball hat with the Galactic Police force symbol on it!
In the center of the symbol was the number "15"!
	"Them?" said Kiyone. "They were members of "Team Fifteen!"
	
	
	"Team...?" Ayeka's voice dries up to the point where it squeaks like a
mouse!" "...Fifteen?! What ... they were your teachers at the academy?"
	Kiyone looks at her with serious eyes.
	"They were under obligation to help out at the academy with the cadets
in combat training when they could!" "If fact, if it wasn't for that
training I might not be here talking to you today!"
	"What were they?" asked Tenchi. "Galaxy Police's  S.W.A.T.s teams?"
 	"They were what you call a team of "special forces" or if you like to
call them S.W.A.T.s ! However, they where really military liaisons for
the Galaxy Police, but they don't do that anymore!"
	"Oh, why is that?" 
	"Because they were all killed in orbit over the planet Juraian, a
couple of years a ago." says Kiyone sadly with her eyes closed.  
	"What happen?!" 
	"I really don't know Tenchi!" said Kiyone. "The whole thing was quickly
shut off from all the police public media relationship circuits!"
	"Yes I know." said Ayeka with a little concern in her voice. "I saw the
flash of the explosion from my castle as their ship burned up in orbit.
When I ask my father about it he said; "there was an accident with a
galaxy police transport ship", but after that nothing more."

	The two women exchanged views with each other respectfully, then turned
away.
	"Even I tried to dig up anything about the accident!" said Mishoshi.
"But, no matter who I asked or where I looked in at headquarters or any
other police station, same thing, 'zippo'!"
	"Maybe, because the accident is top secret!" said Tenchi.  
	"There is a good chance that it is something like that, however, Team
Fifteen were well known through out the police and many other systems!"
said Kiyone.
	"Including the Juraian empire!" added Ayeka. "My father asked them many
times for help on difficult missions."
	"Yet, no one knew who they were they really were!" said Kiyone pointing
to the picture with the masked man again. "They were very controversial,
Some called them a 'Phantom Arsenal'! No real back ground history, not
many photos of the team, never with their real faces, or  any other
information about them! They could walk right by you without any
disguise and never know it was them. That's the way they liked it! I did
know that the team was made up of ten males and five females!
	"One of the other things that we did know was...." said Mishoshi as she
raised her right hand up and pointed to the blue sky outside the window.
"If you needed them, then you must be in deep trouble with something!"
	"Yes, that was it!' spoke up Ayeka. "They were used by the Juraian
empire for a number of missions under those very conditions, especially
against space pirates, terrorists and other threats. My father explained
to me that what they did  was sometimes called "Black operations"!
	" Black ops? That was just a front they used to keep good relations
with the empire." explained Kiyone as she held up a finger to Ayeka.
"Their prime duty was 'search and rescue' missions! That  'I ' do know
for a fact!"
	Ayeka was not happy about the way Kiyone said that. However, she
brushed it off and continued to listen on.
	"At times though I wish I could have talk to them about their lives
besides their duty and honor towards the galaxy police and the empire."
continued Kiyone. "I bet their lives were something else!"
	"It sounds like your taking about their giri!" said Tenchi. "You know,
'duty  of honor'!"
	Kiyone wonders for a monument at Tenchi's words and looks at the photo
again.
	"Yes, I guess that was their true giri after all. However, we may never
know now!"
	Sasami comes over to the table with a set of small plates and puts
them  in front of Kiyone while she stills stares at the photograph with
the man dressed in black with his blue eyes looking back at her.
	"Who were you, 'Number Five'?" she thinks to herself as her detective
mind races on.
	                           *******************************************
	A few weeks later on the other side of the planet where the sun's first
beams of the new day is just starting to be seen over the ocean's
horizon. The light bluish, pink and red light began to bathe on the town
known as Key West, Florida, the last main island in the United States
before 90 miles of water toward Cuba.  The place is quiet, expect for
the sound of rosters crowing, a light breeze off the salty-water,
air-conditioners running and morning route activity at the Coast Guard
base. At night time the town is alive with people, music, parties and 
good times, especially on Deville Street where the famous "Sloppy Joe's
Bar"   "Ernest Hemmway's favor bar!"  was!
 	
	A few blocks from there is an old large house built back in the days
when the stream trains came before a terrible hurricane came through and
wiped out the tracks forever. Now, it has been renovated it hold small
apartments within it. Inside one of these apartments lives a man who is
very much older than he looks, in fact, if you saw him yourself before
finding out about his true age you swear he was in this late twenties.
He holds many secrets to himself, some good and some so deadly that they
could tear the society of on another worlds apart. He was born on this
world a little over two centuries ago in Ireland. He has had many names
and has lived in many places, here on and off the Earth. His name for
now is called Ron.  He now wishes to live on this world for the
remainder of his life or until the people of this world put the Earth on
planetary self-destruction. He just doesn't care anymore.  Expect, for
the one thing that he did in his past which he  still believes is one of
the only thing he has done right with his life and that "something" to
the best of his knowledge is not living this planet. All that is about
change very soon.
	Ron is in a deep sleep as he lays in his bed with the sheets off as he
tries to stay cool on this warm morning in the middle of the summer.
Still, a light sweat makes his T-shirt stick to his body. It might have
been useful to take off his jeans which had the smell of heavy-duty
machine oil that he received form working on a friend's deep-sea fishing
boat's engine before passing out on the bed. A small empty bottle of
'J.D.' whiskey was next to the bed that was from the same friend at his
birthday party last night after the engine was repaired. Ron is going to
wish he didn't drink that whole thing.
	Suddenly a loud beeping noise came from his cellar phone. Ron jumps up
out of bed and quickly looking around for the phone which he finds on
his desk near his computers. Then, the thick heavy "feeling" of alcohol
hits his brain like a big rig! 
	"Who~a, easy there body!" he says with a Irish stagger in his voice.
"We have been more drunker than this now."
	The cell phone is still ringing away as Ron suddenly sobers up as if he
never touch a  drop of booze in his life and answers the phone with an
American accent now in his voice.
	"Hello?" 
	A voice at the other end comes over, yet it sounded as if it's on a bad
connection.
	"Stand by!" 
	"Hello?!" replied Ron with a more serious tone. "Who is this please?"
	All is silent expect for the sound of a low hiss from the phone's
speaker. 
	Ron was about to hang up until finally someone came else came on.
	"Stand by for a encryption message from the Galaxy Police's
Headquarters! "You have thirty earth seconds!" 
	The line went dead silent, but Ron knew the drill too well. He jumps
over to his computer center and grabs a set of military "dog tags" 
around his neck , one that has a small key taped to the metal tag on the
shorter chain, rips it off, 
takes the key and opens a vault under the desk and pulls out a  black
lap-top computer with the Galaxy Police symbol on top of it. 
	He takes a cable from computer and plugs the cellar phone into it,
which makes the antenna come out by itself from the phone and folds out
into a small receiver dish. Ron places  the phone outside a window next
to the desk and punches a code into the lap-top, with lighting speed the
computer comes 'on line' and just makes it as the high powered scrambled
signal comes to the dish then to the computer's screen.
	THIS IS A TOP SECRET FILE. LEVEL OMEGA.
	ENTER YOUR PASS WORD(S) NOW.
	Ron pauses for second this enters his code.
	"THEN CAME TO THE BEACH A POOR EXILE OF ERIN!"  
	There was a few seconds of blankness on the screen, then came the
Galaxy Police symbol dissolved onto the screen and faded away as fast as
it came.
	STAND-BY FOR VIDEO COM-LINK,
	Ron turns on his computer's camera.
	The image of the police's commissioner comes to the screen. Ron
instantly recognizes the commissioner, stands up and salutes him.
	"At ease, son!" said the commissioner as he salutes back and sits in
his chair. "It's good to see that you still hold your military
discipline! However, your appearance is a little rough."
	Ron looks over himself and then strokes his three day old beard on his
face.
	"Thank you sir!" says Ron sitting down in front of the computer. "Your
last set of orders did include to me that I was to 'blend in' with the
culture!"
	"Yes, that is true and as always do a great job at it . " replied the
commissioner with a chuckle. "I must say I like your "password". A song
I believe by Thomas Campbell?"  
	Ron gives a slight nod.
	"'Ron' is it still? Or should I say 'Ronin' ?" asked the commissioner.
'A master-less samurai' as it says here in your "new" I.D. file!" 
	"I thought it was suitable for what I'm now." replied Ron with
quickness.
	
	
	"I guess I can understand this." the commissioner affirmed. "Well, your
not a fool, you never were in my eyes, however as much as its hard for
me to asked this of you after what happen to you and the other members
of Team Fifteen..."
	"They just weren't 'members', sir!" interrupted Ron with a sharp tone
in his voice. "They were my friends...my only real family I had left!"
He voice dropped into a normal tone again.  "Sorry, sir, I didn't  mean
to..."
		"....It's all right!" said commissioner. "I don't blame you for that,
I know what it's like to loose someone! As much as I want you to see the
people responsible for the crime, but the Juraian Holy Console will not
help us by giving the  information needed in solving this case which I
want it see solved as well!"
	Ron is dead silent for a few seconds then finally speaks up.
	"They better hope "I" don't find this "information" before they give it
out or so help me I will find away to expose it along with anything else
to every known galaxy to bring the empire down to nothing!"
	The commissioner's eyes narrowed angrily at Ron.
	"Stop that right, now!" he barked. "You know you can't be anyway
involved with this case because that fact you know the victims! That is
why we agreed put you on Earth to make sure you don't get into the case!
It could do great damage to the alliance we have with the empire and it
would be in vain for you to destroy this alliance that you and the other
members of fifteen... as well as all the police and military personnel 
who have died to protect it up today!"
	Rod comes back to his senses and looks at the screen again.    
	"Well your right about that, sir!"  added Ron as looked up at the
ceiling fan.  	"There is no real way for me to get off this planet!"
	"I'm sure there is not!" said the commissioner with a slight rise to
his right eye brow. "I'm sure there is not!"	
	"Unless I steal a space shuttle form NASA!" Ron says with a laugh.
	"Don't even think about that! Not while I'm in charge! cried the
commissioner as he put his face closer to the camera! "You better be..."
	"Just kidding!" added Ron.
	The commissioner sits back in his chair.
	"I do need you for something though and you still own me that "big"
favor that I want to use now."	
 	Ron sits up.
	"Yes, I remember what I said that day!" says Ron as picks up a glass of
water on the desk. "What is it?"
	"Need you to protect the High Marshal's granddaughter's 'life' from
somebody!" said commissioner with a nervous tone.
	Ron makes a light cough and his eyes grow to the size of saucers.
	"You what me to come back into the Galaxy Police and be High Marshal's
granddaughter's official bodyguard?! Look if it's a ex-boyfriend I'm not
sure..."
	 "No!" says the commissioner while slamming his fist on his desk. "It's
not  First Class Mihoshi who needs protection! It's somebody she is
with! Her friend is her life! 	

	"This is an unofficial order! I can't ask another 'special constable'
to do this, it's against the rules! I need someone who is technicality
'dead' to the force to do this for me!" "I can't take the chance of this
leaking outside the system and into the media!"
	"Oh yeah!" says Ron slamming his fist against his buffed chest! "I'm
deader than a door knob!"
	"Besides, the person who wants her friend dead is a person you know
well! Remember 'Double-Blade'?"
	Ron's head shoots right up.
	"The nut case with all the swords that he made out of his own flesh of
his body?!"
	"The same!" repelled the commissioner. "In fact he says he want's to
put Mihoshi's and her friend's head on the sword that you took his pride
with!"
	"My grandfather's sword?" said Ron as he looked over at a long black
metal case that holds the very sword that commissioner is talking about.
"He and I fought fair and square, he said to me," If I beat him he would
give up to the law"! I beat him by 'right'!"
	"That was over 85 years ago you beat him." said the commissioner. 
"Prison life can change a man!"
	"Yeah, I know!" says Ron with a hint. "But, why is this 'friend' of
Mihoshi in this mess?"
	"Her friend busted the guy on caring a weapon in a forbidden weapon
zone!" said the commissioner. "He was on parole and they sent him back
to jail."
	"Oh boy!" said Ron putting his hands in his face. "When was this?"
	"A few years ago, when you were on a mission." said the commissioner.
"Besides you are one of the few who can match swords with him!"
	"I was lucky that day!" replied Ron. "So then, this person is a cop?"
	"Yes!"
	"OK! Who is a best friend of Mihoshi?!" Ron thinks to himself. "Who
gets along with...?!" 
	"Kiyone?!" shouts Ron  outloud with worried face.  "It's her isn't?!" 
	The commissioner is not surprised at Ron's reaction and nods.	
	"There is one more thing!" added the commissioner. "Remember that
little secret that you told me about over twenty years ago? A life and
death secret?"
	"Yeah?" asked Ron was already getting a bad feeling about this. 
	"It's still on!"
	Ron jumps up was if as shocked by a lighting bolt!
	"I'll take the mission! What do you what me to do?"
	"Well, for starters do you still have your identification cards and
badges, both police, and 'Juraian Militia'."
	Ron goes into his desk drawer and pulls out an I.D. wallet holding
those cards.
	
	"Heck, I still have 'Space Naval Militia' card in here, commissioner!"
"Whatever!" says commissioner as he pushes a few buttons on his
computer.  	"You have been now reactive as an undercover agent. However,
this is just to help you around a few things you must stay under-cover
as must as possible!"
	"'Incognito', is one of my strong points as the Juraian military can
tell you!" said Ron with a small laugh.
	"Captain, please don't bring that up." begged the commissioner. "I'm
still getting feedback from that 'job' you and Team Fifteen pulled a few
years back  from time to time."
	"Sorry, sir. Ron apologized. Though he was laughing inside!
	"Put a compact disk in your computer and I will send you the additional
information that you will need!" said the commissioner. "Good luck!"
	"The honor is mine, sir!" said Ron as he stood up and saluted the
commissioner again. "By the way, sir? Where is the landing zone going to
take place?"
	"There isn't one!" said the commissioner as he was signing off. "There
both on Earth already. Just look at information on your computer!
	The screen goes blank and the galaxy police symbol goes back on. Ron is
just stands in front the computer motionless for a minute. Then raises
his head to the ceiling as if looking at someone!
	

	"She's on my planet?!" he says raising his hands to the ceiling. 
"Well, for starters Mihoshi 'is' Mihoshi! I guess won't need the
computer's homing beacon to find her first. Just turn on the T.V. and
see what part in the world has had any large-scale disasters lately!"
Then he moves his head side to side. 	"Nah, that's too easy!" 
	As Ron's computer is down loading the data he looks at a book next to
the lap-top. "Ernest Hemingway : A Farewell To Arms". Ron lets out a
small sigh as he picks the book up.
	"'Farewell To Arms'" he quotes. "Maybe, but not today."
	Ron starts to pack some clothes and puts on "Deep Purple" on the stereo
system when he realizes that the 'lap-top' is done loading the data. 
	He punches his code in and a map of Japan shows up on the screen and
red dot shows up in the lower section on the map.
	"Huh?" 
	He zooms in on the map and a more detail section is shown with the red
dot "blinking" over part in the country known as Okayama Country.  A
image of  Seto bridge comes to the screen. 
	"The 'sister bridge' to the golden gate in San Francisco, huh?" says
Ron as he looks at the picture. He knows this area! "Why do I have a bad
feeling that this is all leading to somebody who I meet over fifty years
ago and I swore that I would never tell anyone that he is on this world?
And why I'm not surprised at this ether?"
	
	Then the song "My woman from Tokyo" came on the stereo system and Ron
hears it.
	"This is all can't be a coincidence, the 'main man' up stairs is
playing with me again!"
	In less than an hour later after cleaning himself up, marking some
phone calls and packing. All the gear that he believes that is needed is
packed in equipment bags, cases and two backpacks. He runs outside to
the back of the house where three vehicles are under covers to protect
them from the sun.
	"Let's see, Suburban? Nope, too big! Jeep CJ7?  Powerful! But, maybe
too small for this job!"
	He walks over and pulls off the last cover to revile a  full-size
king-cab 1994 Ford pickup with a couple of long shinny metal tool cases
in the back of the bed attached to the sides inside, with a five foot
long oblong metal case in the center of the bed. It's lighting blue
color paint job glared brightly in the sun. At first glance of the truck
you might think its a vehicle that is used for work by a carpenter or
construction worker. The old saying goes; "Never judge a book by its
cover."  This all too true with him!
	As Ron is checking the truck out, an old man wearing a white shirt, tan
shorts and sandals comes up to him with his short pony tail made from
his sun bleached white hair blowing carefree in the breeze.
	"When I see this going on I know this means you have to go away for
awhile, right?" said the old man with a cracked voice. "How long this
time?"
	"Only a few months I believe." said Ron as looks under the truck. "But
don't worry I will pay you on time for the rent as always!"
	"I'm not worry about that!" said the old man with a chuckle in his
throat. 	"You have never been late with the pay no matter how long you
been gone! By the way, this was in my mail box, but it comes to you!"
	Ron stops working on the truck and takes the book-size package that is
wrapped in brown paper with his address on it, however not returning
one. On the left corner there is a stamp that says, "Do not open! Unless
you need help!" Puzzled at this he throws the package on the passager
side of the truck! Goes back into his apartment, comes out  with a
leather bag with over 2,000 dollars in large bills in a bundle and gives
it to the old man with a smile.
	"That should cover it for awhile, eh?"
	"That long, huh?" said the old man without beat as he counts the money
slowly with his sun baked hands.  "Don't worry you covered!"
	"Man must make a living!" exclaimed Ron.
	"Az me muz, ken men!" said the old man in Hebrew.
	Ron pauses for a moment then the words come to him.
	"'When one must, one can!'" Then he speaks in another tongue.
	"Dia dhuit!"
	
	
	
	The old man gives a smile of satisfaction and walks back to the house
putting the money in his short's pocket. "How does one government
employee makes so much?"
	Ron waits until the old man is out of sight, then taking a wrench,
unbolts a part to the trunk's  large V-8 engine which happens to be a
fake and looks inside 
at the "real" engine. Which happens to be a small cold fusion reactor in
it's dormant stage.
	Ron slowly turns a few switches inside the V-8 engine and the reactor
comes to life with a bluish glow and a light hum.
	"This should work all right!"  thought Ron as he re-bolted up the
V-8.   "The  reactor hasn't been given me any 'real' trouble lately."  
	
			*************************************************
	Kiyone stands at ease with the others cadets in a large marching hall,
all is dark in the hall expect for a series of flood lights shining down
on them. This is day three of their training.
	Once a while there was the sound of a exhaust fan kicking on in the
hall and the sounds of breathing bodies.
	"How long are they going to make us stand here like this?" whispers one
cadet. "I feel like we have been here for hours!"
	"It's been really only two!" whispers another. 
	
	"Hey, who asked you?!"  said the first one with a raised whisper. "I
mean they get us up in the middle of the night and drag us here!" 
	"Shihh!" 
	Kiyone doesn't say a thing, but stare out into the dark almost in a
trance.
	"Attention!!" yells a booming voice behind them!
	Kiyone's heart jumps into her throat as she and the others snap into
the command uniformity!
	Seven figures stepped out the darkness in all directions. Six of the
seven were medium build and one large! They all were dressed in black
coveralls, wearing black boots, tactical hood masks and dark goggles.
Each one of this group had a white roman number sewn on their coveralls
on the right side of the chest area on a pocket. Ranging from numbers
one through seven.   They all stopped just a foot away  from the cadets. 
	"Well, Well!" yelled 'Number Three' of the black figures who behind the
cadets. "Looks like we have some cop want-a-bees!"
	"They don't look like much to me!" says the large one with a deep voice
putting his arms across his chest which said 'Seven'
	"Now guys!" said 'Number Six' which had the voice and the body of a 
buffed up female. "You know what the commander said; "'Don't judge a
book by its cover'! Never to assume anything !"
	
	
	
	"Yeah, that's true!" said 'Number Five' holding up his left hand and
pointing to the cadets. "But, these cadets were talking real loud, so
loud I couldn't hear the mouse next to me fart!"
	"What's a mouse?" whisper an alien cadet. 
	Number Five drew his eyes like lasers on the cadet as he hears him!
	"Shut up!!" he yells louder this time. "This is one the very things
that can get you killed in a combat zone! You are not paying attention
to your surroundings!"
	"You probably thinking to yourself; "But, I'm going to a police officer
not a solider!" said 'Number Six'. "That is crap! You will be going
against some of the  
worst that is out there! And your mothers or fathers...." Number Six
walks up to Kiyone's face "Or your big boyfriends are not going to save
your sweet butt!"
	The black figures can see the cadets  begin to sweat.
	"We are part of 'Team Fifteen'! yelled 'Number Seven' of the black
figures with pride in his voice! "It 's our job as well as others to
train you to help you find your fighting abilities and help you protect
yourselves from the scum that is out there! Your learning the codes of
'The law' will be taught in the class room, but here..... your ours!"
	"Sir!" interrupted the female figure! "I just picked up a thought from
a Juraian's mind that we can't do that to him because he IS a Juraian!"
	

	"Really?!" said 'Number Five'. "Well 'dig' this, man! The Emperor told
me personally that if a Juraian causes any trouble he wants to know this
person is himself! How does that grab you?!" 
	All is quiet as the voice of 'Number Five's echoes and dies away!
	"All right!" he went on as 'Number Four' team member turns on the rest
of the lights in the hall. "Well, it's almost daylight!  Let's start
with a morning jog? "Himmm?"
	The cadets just stare at him with a blank look to there faces!
	"What's manner with you?! Didn't you hear me?!" yelled 'Number Five'
and throwing his arms wildly in the air! "Get yourselves going around
the track! Now!"
	The cadets start to around the track ! 'Number Five' stops Kiyone
before she takes off and pulls her to the side of the track!
	"Your Kiyone, right?" he says with a normal tone.
	"Yes, sir! she says back quickly and coming to attention!
	"I know your father well!" he said as he looks into her eyes. "You've
got your mother's eyes! I will be watching you like a hawk! Don't let me
down! Get going! By the way..."
	He points to the roman number on his chest in shape of a 'V'.
	"I'm called 'Number Five!' Remember that!"
	
	"Yes, sir, 'Number Five', sir!
	She runs off! Thinking of the last words Number 5 told her out loud!
	"Number Five! Number Five! Number Five!"
	She feels a sharp pain in her right eye and wakes up back in her
apartment in Japan! She was dreaming of her past. 
	"Ghosts of the past." she whispers to herself.
	Her pain in her eye was one of Mihoshi's fingers that landed in her eye
when she turned in her sleep. Kiyone just looks at Mihoshi who is still
asleep and sighs outloud. She turns back over and quickly goes back to
sleep.
	The only sounds that are now heard are crickets and the sudden loud
sound of the commuter train passing by.
	             ***********************************************
	
	The late afternoon sun is now baking the ground as Ron is driving down
U.S. 1. His mind is now focusing at the task that is now before him. The
only sound that is heard is the wind blowing through truck's cab windows
and rubber running on hot pavement. Without warning the truck's stereo
is starts playing the song "World without heroes!" by the band "Kiss".
Ron comes out of his trance and looks at the radio, then back up to the
road. 
	"Are you trying to tell me something?" he says outloud.
	
	
	
	"I thought you might like to hear a piece by one of your favorite
groups in the Earth rock and roll format!" said a voice coming from the
truck's speakers. The voice had the soft ,yet serious sound of a woman.  
	"I do thank you for the thought, but the song....." says Ron as he
looks up at the rear-view mirror at a car behind him.
	"You mean 'World without Heroes'? asked the voice with concern tone.
"Maybe, I judged poorly on that, however do not forget that there are
many carbon and non-carbon life forms 'out there' who say you are a
hero!"
	
	"I was..... I'm not a hero!" says Ron with a tone of discouragement in
his throat. " Even if I was I did not do it alone! 'Team Fifteen' did...
	"I was referring about you being a volunteer firefighter back in town!"
interrupted the truck.  "You know the 'American Hero' ? You did save
that boy from that boat fire!"
	
	"Yeah, I guess! But it comes with the job of being a...."
	"What ?!" interrupted the truck again.  A warrior with fire fighting? I
don't think they are the same!"
	"They can be! It just depends at how you look at it! The fire is your
enemy! You must beat it at its own game!"
	
	"We are coming up to the shed!" said the truck.
	Ron turns the wheel into a dirt road that leads to a long, sun bleached
gray color shed by the shore line. It shows it has been there for
sometime. The only thing that stands out is a large satellite T.V.
antenna pointing northward. 
	He steps out and pulls out a set of keys which opens several locks on
the sheds door. Opening the door up he sees an emperor scorpion run away
from the hot light and into the shadows of the shed. He looks up and
sees that everything is just the way it is supposed to be. 
	Five wooden crates sit in the middle of the shed's floor. With four
color steel poles as tall as the shed itself. Two blue and two red. One
pole is in each corner of the shed. Everyone of them had strange writing
on it with electronic circuitry in-bedded in the pole itself. 
	Ron walks over to the strange poles and exams each one, then walks over
wooden boxes and with a touch of his hands he opens the locks takes the
covers off the boxes. Next he pulls out several smaller metal boxes and
loads them into the truck. He pulls out the last  box and with a touch
of his fingers on a lock the box opens up to reveal a pistol grip
shotgun. 
	"I hope these will not be needed on this job." says Ron with a sigh.
"But, it doesn't hurt to be prepared for anything! Besides, I need to
test this new metal alloy out!"

	
		Ron loads the shotgun in the back of the truck's gun rack. Then the
gun and the rack slowly disappear until there gone from sight. 
	"Lets do it!" says Ron as he climbs back in the cab.
	"We can't!" cries the truck.
	"Why?"
	"The satellite's information says the Earth's Van Allen belts are
making the "gate" too unstable for a jump!"
	"Your saying this now?!" cries Ron with a upset tone.
 	" I just got the feedback from the link! It could take several hours!"
	"Great, just freaken great!" 
	Ron lightly slams his fist on the dashboard!
	"Ow!" cries the truck.
	"I hope your joking about that!" says Ron as he gets out and looks to
the waves hitting the beach.  "So all we can do is wait?"
	"Yes."
	"Alright, we wait!" 
	Ron walks over to a palm tree and sits under it and looks out too the
water. 
	"Keep me up dated on this!" Ron pauses for a minute then turns toward
the truck. "Play some 'Bach', will ya?"
	

	As the truck plays the request, Ron looks out to the white sandy beach
watches the time pass with the sun.
         			*********************************************
	"Mihoshi?" yells Kiyone up to the apartment's window. "Were going to
miss the train! Hurry up!"
	Mishoshi comes running out of the front door as she is putting on her
jacket.
	"I'm coming!"
	She runs down the stairs and meets up with Kiyone at the train station
across the street. They both make it as the train comes to a complete
stop at the station. 
	"Let's go!" says Kiyone as she and Mihoshi climb on broad the train.
"We can't be late for this job!"
	"Yeah!" said Mihoshi. "Especially sense we work for the train company
now!"
	"Did you lock the door?" said Kiyone as the train's doors close with a
hiss and gets underway.
	Back at the station a youth is sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.
As soon the train is gone from sight his eyes look up from the paper,
then turns around to Mihoshi's and Kiyone's apartment with a evil grin
to his face!
				*********************************

	
	A few hours pass and Ron is woken up by his truck's horn blowing.
	"What?" he yells as he gets up and runs over to his truck. "What is the
matter?"
	"The "gate" is stable enough for the "jump" to Japan if we do it now!"
said the truck as it opens it's driver side door!
		"Well let's do it!" said Ron as he runs over to a fuse box on the wall
and throws a pair of switches. The four poles begin to hum and glow
bright! Ron jumps back into the truck and moves it inside the shed to
the center within the 
four poles as the power increases. The shed's doors close and lock from
within! 	As the shed fills up with light the same emperor scorpion runs
over to the truck , climbs up it and grasps onto the spare tire. 
	From each of the poles a powerful beam comes shooting out of the top
and strikes the truck. Both truck and it's passengers are dissolved down
into the light  itself then pulled into the poles. The T.V. dish on the
roof moves itself until it points east and fires a white beam into
space. The beam then strikes three  
US government commutations and two secret Galaxy Police satellites in
Earth's orbit which are cloaked in darkness. One of the Galaxy Police's
satellite turns in orbit and makes the light beam go down into Japan
where another TV satellite dish pans upward and takes the beam in. 
Another set a poles in come on-line inside a warehouse and now in revere
the truck and its passengers materializes in the same spot just as it
left in Key West. 
	
	Ron shakes his head to clear the groggy feeling from  the
teleportation.
	"Man!" says Ron as he shakes his head. "That's is a head rush unlike no
other around!" 
	"How do you think I feel?" said the truck. "I may be a machine, but
that effect is so weird to non-organ matter."
	"I'll take your word!" said Ron. "So where are we again?" 
	 The room is dark and has musty smell to it. Ron turns on the trucks
headlights and fog-lights. Looks around in the place. The floor is a
gray cement with a damp look, however the air is dry. The rods that
brought him here are still glowing, however begin to fade as the power
dies down. In one part of the room 
is a communication computer that just came on line recording at what
just happen. 
	"We are at the "landing zone" as requested!" said the truck. "A place
is called "Kobe"! We are have a little ground to cover to get to Okayama
county!"
	"All right then!" Ron pulls out a spotlight from inside the cab, turns
it on and looks up at the ceiling which is made up of  sheet metal and
steel bars. The sound of heavy rain is heard on the roof.
	"Just the way she described it." Ron thinks to himself as he sees a
1977 Harley- Davidson XLCR and a late model silver Nissan "Fairlady" in
a huge metal cage on one side of the room. 
	
	
	He moves the light behind him and sees a huge metal roll up 
garage-door. He hops out of the truck, walks over to the garage-door's 
electric opener control panel.
	Outside the warehouse where the rain is coming down in sheets a old
guard is doing his rounds in the complex. He is about to look into the
place were Ron is now! Before he checks the lock, a bolt of lighting
comes out of the sky and strikes a telephone pole a the other side of
the complex causing a fire to start! The guard runs to where the fire is
and at that same monument the garage door opens. The truck with Ron at
the wheel speeds away out of the complex's gate and down the road! The
guard hears the sound of the truck's tires spinning out and comes
running back to the other side just as the garage door is finish at
closing. He never notices the truck's tries marking a trail in the
soaked pavement!
	"Crazy night!" he says out loud as he runs into his booth to call the
fire department! "Lighting must have spooked that guy away!"
 	Ron turns down a few blocks and comes to a stop at a small food store!
He looks at the trucks review mirror to see anyone who is following him!
	
	"Well, that was a little close!" said Ron. "They never said that the
"LZ" was in a occupied area!"
	
	
	"MY DATA BANKS TELL ME THAT THE COMPLEX WAS PARTLY WAS SHUT DOWN, BUT
NEVER WHAT PART OF IT! THE LIGHTING STRIKE WAS  FORTUNE!" 	The truck
"spoke" with its computer screen in its dash- broad!
	"What's wrong with your audio system?" asked Ron with a concerned tone.
	"The 'jump' drive and the quick get away caused a 'power flush' with
the rector! My audio was troubled as well, however everything is at
normal level now!  I must add if you wish for the police of this "rock"
not to trouble us is for two things! One! Put my Japanese license plates
on the bumpers. Two! For now on....Drive on the OTHER side of the road,
please? I don't feel like doing some 'head-on' banging with a other car
or truck while we are here!"
	Ron looks at his truck's cab view-camera with a mean look. 
	"I think when I made you I put too much attitude in your personally
file!"
	"Damn straight! And I like it, brother!"
	Ron lets out a small chuckle as the rain keeps coming down. He grabs
his coat and tool box form the back of the cab, gets out and quickly
changes his 
Florida plates which only have the letter "V" on them,  to the Japanese
ones. While his truck link's up with a U.S. military satellite over head
for G.P.S. information.
	Ron climbs back in.
	"Okay, your all set! How are you doing?"
	
	
	"I've made a good link up with one our 'special' satellites! GPS  and
communication systems are on line and I can get us to our designation
less than couple of hours!"
	"Will this rain slow us down much?" ask Ron.
	"The rain clouds are not being blown in that direction!"
	"Let's get going! I have a promise to keep!"
	"Let me drive! You chill! And try to remember your Japanese!"
	The truck starts up  goes the road and out of the town into the early
night!
			**********************************************
	Light-years away at the Galaxy Police headquarters the commissioner is 
setting in his desk chair in the dark, looking out his office's huge
window toward the bright stars which give a low light back into the
office. On the  other side of the window in shadows is a another person
sharing the view.
	"Are you sure this is the right thing to do?" said the commissioner
with a worried tone in his voice. "I know you wanted this mission to be
discreet as much as possible and Ron likes to be unobtrusive when he can
however, this man has done so much for both the Empire and the Galaxy
Police in his long life! This could do him in or anybody else that is
near him! I mean look where he is going to!"

	"I know this is a very serious gamble and the stakes are high!" said
the shadow as it tuns it's head toward the commissioner voice. "But,
Tsunami said, that this man is going to be the one who strikes the
sparks that will help end the 
threat that has come beyond  the universe of our own! She also said that
this is will finally end the journey that he has been on since this life
of his began two-hundred years ago! He will get the answer he wants!"
	"Which is?" said the commissioner picking up his cup of coffee.
	"His destiny!" replied the shadowy as it quickly turns around back to
the window causing it's very long shinny black hair to whip lightly in
the air. "Tsunami also said, that he and the others are the "chosen
ones" for this task! It is beyond all of us at what must be done!"
	"Ron is somewhat unorthodox, he goes by the book, however he does it
his own way which can be a little extreme. This has made him earn the
name 'The Lone Wolf' at times! Even some of the other members of Team
Fifteen were scared of him!" said the commissioner. 	
	The shadowy person's throat choked from dryness and lightly coughed
from it.
	"No matter! He is a chosen one! I do fear this though!" said the shadow
as it clears its throat.
	"Why?" said the commissioner.
	"  Because I could see fear in Tsunami's eyes." replied the voice!  
	
	
	The commissioner could feel his heart jump a few beats when he
understood the words of the shadow.  "Damn!" 
	"It 's the apocalypse on the Universal level!"			      	 			
**************************************
	As the rain is coming down a commuter train speeds it way though the
dark country side as makes its way toward its next stop!
	Kiyone and Mishosh are doing there job at taking care of the
passengers. Kiyone is checking ticket holders and Mishosh is working at
a 'wet bar'.
	"Good evening, sir!" said Kiyone with a smile to her face. "May I check
your ticket please?"
	The man who is reading a newspaper takes his ticket out of his shirt
pocket and hands it to her without every looking up. Kiyone punches it
and gives it back.
	"Thank you!" she says and walks away. 
	"Your welcome!" he replies back.
	As Kiyone makes her way  to the next cab. Mishoshi was busy with
customers. "How many I help you?" she said in English.
	A  young American gives Mihoshi a funny look back.
	"I think you mean "How may I help you?" he corrected her.
	"Oh!" she says with a laugh. " Sorry...my English is not that great
yet!"
	"Don't worry about  it!" He said with a smile. " I just need a 'coke',
please!"
	Mihoshi gives the man back a serious look with her eyes and a tone to
match!
	"You know that having cocaine on you is a very bad offense here in
Japan!"
	"Huh?! No, No! Not the drug! The drink in the shinny red can! Sheesh!"
	"Oh!" her face turns bright red from embarrassment as she reaches for
the can! The American wipes off sweat from his brow! That's the last
thing he wanted to hear about!
	Another man who is behind the younger one has had a little too much to
drink already grabs the younger man and throws him out of the way! The
young man slams against the wall with a bang!
	The drunken man walks up to Mihoshi close enough that she can smell the
alcohol in his breath and spoke to her in very slurry Japanese!
	"Listen up!"  he roared to her. "Screw the 'Yank!' "I want another
drink!"
	Mihoshi is so shocked at this she dropped the soda can and forgot to
speak in the man's language!  
	"I'm sorry, but you had enough sir!" she quickly said in English! Bad
idea!
	This outraged the man even more, so much in fact he raised his hand to
her to strike her! Before his hand could complete it's swing and another
arm grabs his to stop it!
	"What the?!" said the drunken man as he turns to face a largely built
man and  several other behind him! 
	"Hey man!" said the first one in English. "Back off! There is no need
for this shit!"
	One the others runs to the aid of the fallen man who was bleeding in
the mouth!
	"You OK!" said the man giving aid.
	"What did I do wrong?" said the younger one.
	The drunken one looked his restrainer and broke free of his grip. At
that moment Kiyone runs in the cab and gets in-between the two men!
	"Alright that's enough!" she yells as she looks at both men!
	The drunken one backs off and looks at Kiyone with angry eyes! She
responded with the same look!
	"Hey, this 'Yank' started it!" said the drunken one as he pointed to
his restrainer. 
	The restrainer looked at Kiyone and spoke very good Japanese to her!
	"He threw that guy into the wall and was about to strike the girl!"
	Kiyone looked at the drunken man, the one against the wall and then at
Mihoshi!
	"Well?!" she demeaned at Mihoshi.
	"Yes, umm, that's true! said Mihoshi. 
	"You little bic..." roared the drunken one as he leaped at Mihoshi,
however Kiyone is quick enough to get under the drunk and punch him in
the groin hard enough to knock the wind out of him and collapses on the
floor out cold!
	The other men including Mihoshi were so impressed at Kiyone that they
applauded and whistled for her feat!
	"That was cool, man!"
	"What a woman!"
	"Owww!"
	"Yes, I'm very impressed as well!" said the man as he looked down at
the drunk! "Nice move! Where did you learn that?"
	"My other job is being a police officer!" said Kiyone as she helped the
drunk up. 
	"I see!" said the man as he helped out with the body as well! "Very
aggressive move! Especially for us!"
	"What do you mean?" asked Kiyone.
	"All us here belong to ether the US Marines or Navy Seabees!" he said
as pointed them out. "I think that is a 'nuff said!"
	"Yeah!" said Mihoshi as she spoke in English again and everyone looks
to up her.  "She is this aggressive now because she's on "the rag"!"
	Kiyone drops her head down and her face turns to a very deep red of
embarrassment at a very high level. 
	Everyone except the man who is helping Kiyone run back to there seats
and sit down with haste and the only sound that is heard is the wheels
on the train. The man with Kiyone lets out a laugh!
	"Very funny guys!" said the man. "They all have girl friends and I'm
the one who has been married for fifteen years! 
	Kiyone tries to make the best of the whole thing by looking up at the
man though a tear is in her right eye!
	"P.M.S." she says in English. She just can't believe she just said that
so blindly.
	"One of the few words that put fear into the hearts of men anywhere!
Remember that!"
	They finish putting the drunken man in his chair in the next cab and
her helper goes back into his cab. Kiyone sits against the wall trying
to hold back her tears.
	"Mihoshi! I'm going to kill you sometime!" she grumbles. "I'm cursed!"
	The man walks up to Mihoshi's bar and makes a light knock on the wood.
	"Young lady, I could use a drink right now!" he said to Mihoshi with a
smile. 
	"Right away sir!"
	"Damn!" he thinks to himself as he wipes his shinny bald head . "I
can't wait to tell the wife this one! 'The rag!' "
	Mihoshi looks for a glass when the soda can she dropped earlier got
under her foot causing her to slip back right on to the emergency brake
button on the wall behind her bar!
	The commuter train's wheel come to a screeching halt and everything and
one not bolted down comes flying up ward. People are screaming and stuff
is flying around as the train comes to a grinding halt  inside a tunnel.
Outside 
where the train is supposed to exit a mud slide has just finished
blocking the rails completely away.
    	 "Sir? Is it okay if I give you it in the can?" asked Mishoshi.

			********************************************
	In the town where Kiyone and Mishoshi live, Ron is done at checking in
his hotel. He was able to make it up to the roof of the hotel and by
looking through a powerful 'infrared night-vision' scope was able to
find their apartment. As he looks down and checks the place out his
suspicion is confirmed.
	"No lights or body heat! Not home from work yet!" he thinks to
himself. 	"Why in the world did the Galaxy police put you here and not
give you the needed funds to survive on this backward planet! They have
the sources for it!"
	He continued his survey around the apartment until his scope picks up
heat source that is human. He "zooms in" on a shrub by the stairwell of
the apartment.  Ron sees a colorful glow that is picked up by the scope.
All the different temperatures of the body in the shrub.  A bright white
one is seen near the crotch. 
	"Well now, what is it that has you so excited about my friend!" Ron
says out-loud in a low voice. "God! I'm sick!"
	The unknown person looks up from the bush then around. He then moves up
the stairwell, opens a window near the front door and crawls in.
	" I don't think your here to water the plants! I'm going to check you
out!"
	With the scope in his hands, he jumps down the four story building and
lands softy on the ground with his feet then hands! 
	"Man, I'm getting to old to do this kind of shit!" he grumbles and runs
to his truck near-by! Looks around for anybody in sight. Then opens one
of the metal tool cases and pulls out one of his personal weapons. A
magnum .45 hand gun with a laser target scope! Putting the gun is a
holster under his jacket he jumps in the truck and quickly takes off
down a few blocks, then slows down to a crawl, turns the lights off and
pulls over just five houses away. Thanks to the truck's 'quiet' reactor
the only sound heard is the tires making a small crunching noise as it
comes on to the gravel part on the side of the road. He quietly gets out
grabs his back pack and runs "zig zag" between houses, cars and trees
until he gets to a window on the other side of the apartment!  He pulls
out from the bag a cable and hook with a 'recoil unit' connected to the
other end of it. Swings the hook to a large branch on a cedar tree next
to the apartment's window.  Using a pair of small belts on recoil unit
he attaches the unit on his left arm!  The special piece of equipment
pulls him up the tree's branch with a small whoosh so quiet that he
could not be heard going up.  Once he reaches the branch he tries to
climb up carefully, but instead he uses his weight, swings his body up
and lands on top of the large piece between his legs! He forgot he
wasn't wearing a 'cup' and the pain of something that only a male can
really understand hits him sharply though out his body and his face and
cross-eye expression tell enough that he was not happy about this!  
	 After wiping away a tear, he looks into the window where the only
light in the room was coming from the street light near-by!  He sees a
man on the other side of the room going through a clothes chest!  The
man does not see Ron because his back in turned to him. 
	"You must be deaf!" he thinks to himself.
	Ron has no idea who this guy is and what he was doing here, until he
sees the guy stuff a few bras in his coat pocket with a giggle! 
	Ron comes to the disgusting conclusion at what this man is really
doing! Disbelieved at what he is seeing, he makes a decision, pulls out
a black ski mask from his jacket and puts it on! He then makes his plan
of action!
	The so-call underwear robber continues to go through the chest so
involved with his work that unknowingly a person was carefully coming
through the window behind him with the help of a near-by branch!  
	He lets out a small yell of enjoyment that makes even Ron freeze up for
a monument! As Ron looks up at his target he sees the man hold up a dark
red bra to the light coming from the street lamp through the window near
the front door!
	As he looks over his prize, he quickly notices a bright red dot in the
center of the left cup! The red dot slowly works its way down the man's
left hand, next the lower part of the arm, then goes behind the upper
part of the arm! All this time he looks at the dot with his heart
beating hard and his mind racing to the thought at what this "dot" is,
but hoping it's not it! He is forced to turn with the dot 

as it goes into his 'blind spot' of his body and when the does turn he
finds it in front of his  left chest! Then with only his eyes moving
now, it goes up his body to it stops on his forehead and stays there! He
looks in front of him it see a silhouette of a tall figure pointing a
gun at him with a red laser beam coming out of the top part of the gun!
The man is gripped with great fear!
	Ron walks up to the man slowly with gun still pointing at his head and
stopping three feet from the him!
	"Well, well, well! Aren't you the 'whop'?" says Ron in Japanese. "We
all have the reasons to add things to our collections; however, you are
a real live one, eh?"    
	The man is still scared! So scared he forgot to lower his arms! As he
does Ron pulls back on the gun's hammer which makes a light 'click'
sound!
	"Don't!" says Ron as he exams his capture carefully. He sees that this
was not a man yet, however a youth! Maybe eighteen at best! "Horny
tonight?"
	"I...I..." the youth finally says. "I just like doing this, sir!"
	"Why?" replied Ron in a cool tone keeping his eyes on him. 
	The youth could now see Ron's blue eyes in his mask!
	"Because I think it's cool!" says the youth with a sorry sounding
laugher. "What the hell do you care! I can see it in your eyes that your
not from around here!"
	"What's that suppose to mean?" Ron demanded with a angry tone.
	The youth's laughter got louder to the point that Ron had enough it.
The youth put his head back and continued to laugh to where Ron jumped
at the youth and struck him on the head with the pistol grip portion of
the gun. The youth falls to the ground out-cold! 
	"You make me sick!" says Ron in English with disgusted tone as he puts
his gun back into its holster! "But, don't worry shithead! I think I
know how to get you help!"
	Ron takes off his back pack, opens it, pulls out a pair of leather
gloves and a roll "hurricane proof" duct tape! He puts on the gloves
pulls off a long piece of tape and begins his work!   
	"Let's have some fun!" he says with a evil grin to his face!
				***************************
	Some time later, Kiyone and Mihoshi finally make it home! Via metro bus
that is! As the bus comes to a complete stop at the corner of their
street. 
	Mihoshi and Kiyone step off. Kiyone holds her ice pack to her head
tightly as Mihoshi calls back into the bus!
	"Good night guys!" she yells in her giggly tone of voice. "Thanks for
the money to get home!"
	The voices of the sailors and marines could be heard outside the bus!
	"Yeah, no problem miss!"	
	"It was worth it for the fun we had tonight!"
	"Yehaaa!"
	"Yeah!" grumbles Kiyone. "Thanks... "gunnery sergeant" for the aspirin
and ice pack!"
	The man that helped her with the drunk came to the door of the bus,
stepped out and shook Kiyone's right hand.
	The honor is all mine, police officer Kiyone!" he said as he got back
on the bus. "You take care now!"
	The door closes and the man's voice is heard inside!
	"All right driver let's haul! It's Saturday night, we all got paid
today and the night is young!"
	Cheers are heard as the bus drives away with a roar! Mihoshi and Kiyone
wave as it goes down the street!
	"Well!" said Mihoshi with a big smile. "You don't see any much of that
these days!"
	"No... you don't." Kiyone said as she tried to grin and rubbed her head
with the  icepack. "Oww!"
	"Don't feel that bad, Kiyone!" as Mihoshi puts her arm on Kiyone's
shoulder! "Just think! We saved alot of people tonight by stopping the
train from going off the tracks from the mud-slide!"
	"My head hurts too much to think! Thanks to that full coke can that
smacked me in the temple!" mumbled Kiyone in pain. 
	
	"But the 'master operator' was so impressed at how we got things under
control with the passages that he gave us a few days off for your
headache!" said Mihoshi with a bubbly positive tone and big blue eyes.
"Isn't great!"
	"I think the truth is, we were 'laid-off' from work because our
rail-line is going to be out of service for a few days! Without pay!
Ohh, when is nightmare is going end?!"
	"Well, we will be home soon! So you can go right to..." 
	Mihoshi stops when she sees a crowd a people gathering around a street
light near their apartment! Kiyone looks up as well to see the crowd!
	"What the ?!" she said as a pair of police cars with there red lights
and sirens going! Zipped around the corner and went toward the crowd!
	"Hey,  that's our place!" said Kiyone with stern look. "Now what?!"
	She and Mihoshi run down the street and look up to where the crowd was
staring at! When they could see past the bright orange light they were a
little surprised at the sight they saw! 
	The youth who broke into the girl's apartment was all wrapped up from
neck to toe in dark green duct tape, tied at the feet with T.V. cable to
the boom arm of the street light and the dark red bra stuffed in his
mouth! He is still out-cold!
	"How?" said a man. "Is this a joke?"
	"Is it really him?" said a woman looking up with a flashlight.
	Kiyone and Mihoshi just look at each other. Then a police detective
walks up to where the youth is right overhead!
	"Now this is very different." he says as he looks up his flashlight
then looks at the crowd! "Alright! Someone mind telling me what this is
all about?!"
	The crowd talks to itself until another police walks up to the
detective with a garbage bag in hand!
	"Sir, look at this!" he said with a confused face, as the detective
looks in the bag with the flashlight and sees clothes and a envelope
with the words 'To the police!'
	He opens the envelope to find a letter and reads it outloud to the
crowd!
	"Dear sir! This punk was braking and entering into the house behind
you!"
	The detective, police and crowd turns to Kiyone's and Mihoshi's
apartment! The two women both have a 'sinking feeling' to all this! 
	"Uh-huh!" says the detective as the reads on! The..punk was stealing
the occupants underwear! Ah...sorry about the bra! I couldn't stand the
little punk's laughter and I did not want to be brother by this as I
applied a few rolls of "hurricane class" or to you "typhoon class"  tape
to him!" I think he needs some help with his sex-life! Besides getting
the tape off!"
	The detective reads on and then his face got a few shades white!
	"P.S.  Inside the bag are his clothes! I strongly recommend that you
pull with a little care in mind! Body hair... hurts!"
	When the last sentence is heard by the crowd. Some people's faces
cringed in pain and made moaning sounds! One man grabbed his crotch!
	"OOOOO!" Man!" he said with a amused face. "That sucks!"
	"Signed a concerned person from the quote other side unquote of the
world" said the detective as he put down the note and looks up at the
youth!
	"Well, I guess we found our famous "bra man"! Who has been hitting
every house!" he said as he looked up at the crowed again. "Who lives
here?!"
	Mihoshi jumps up and down in the crowd and with a happy cry, wide eyes
and says;
	"We do! We do!"
	Kiyone's headache has gone from painful to just plan agonizing! Not
because of Mihoshi's behavior just now. Just because it was her bra she
recognized in the youth's mouth!
	"I'm just plan cursed!"
	Looking back at the crowed with a pair of  night-binoculars on the
hotel's roof is Ron, he zooms on Kiyone and Mihoshi as they walk up to
the police!
	"Mihoshi...you just haven't changed a bit!" Ron grumbles and moves his
head back and forth. "Kiyone, it's good to see you again! Let's see if
there is any new information about this 'problem' on the computer about
you! A light cool breeze comes down from the mountains and blows by Ron
giving him a light 
chill! He runs off the roof and down stairs to his room. Just as a
fire-ladder truck pulls up to help get the youth down!

************************************************************************
	Not too far away from the town, Yosho sits down to his desk in his
shrine just after he just sent Tenchi home for the night! As he begins
to write a letter the same breeze that blew by Ron earlier has finally
reached him through a open door!
	As the breeze blew by the shrine it made a light howl and Yosho made a
body gesture as if it was talking to him! He stands up and walks outside
and looks to the direction at where the breeze is coming from!
	
	"Yes, your right!" he said as he responded back to the breeze itself.
"He is back in this land! It will be good to see our 'old' friend
again...Mr. Ronan Masterson!"	
	  ********************   End Part One ************************
	***************	Next :Part two: Purgatory *****************
	   
 	This is my frist try at this. So I hope you all like it!
	Rodin: Part One by C.Powers
	Disclamer: The characters from the Tenchi universe are copyrighted by
the Poineer and AIC company. All rights reserved! 
	
	
	Disclamer: Ford, Jeep, and GMC are copyrighted by their
companies.            	And the bands names and music are copyrighted by
their record companies. All rights reserved!
	My Characters: Ronan Masterson, Team Fiftteen members and Two-fifty are
copyrighted. Any real names or likeness is purely coincidence! All
rights reserved!
	 I'm not making any profit off of this at all. This is by enjoyment of
writing!