OK first of all, this is my first fic, it really sucks i know, so only
constructive criticism
please, i get enough mail about how i suck as a person, i don't need any on
how i suck as a
fanfic author. second, i do not own any of these characters, except Keichii,
all characters are
copyright of their respective owners, (probably some Japanese name i cant
spell) or what ever.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE don't sue me!! I have no money! Thank you for your
cooperation.

*---------------------------------------------*

(This is supposed to take place in the OVA or whatever, but with some
aspects
of Tenchi Universe [mainly Washu and Mihoshi appearing prior to the
encounter
with Kagato], after Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi, and Washu have made
their debuts, a little while before Kagato. )

*---------------------------------------------*

No Need For Original Characters!

    A bright red streak crossed the sky. A loud, high pitched whine
gradually
rose in volume,
until it crescendod into a deafening crash and a blinding flash of light.
Several kilometers
away Tenchi Masaki wakes with a start, filled with a sense of dread. He
shrugs it off and goes
back to sleep...

    Around 11:00. Tenchi was out working in the fields with Ryo-ohki. Ryoko
was still
sleeping, Sasami was busy preparing lunch, Mihoshi was watching TV, Ayeka
was
in her room, doing
something, and Washu was in her lab of course. Ryo-ohki started meowing and
looking over to the
east, where the fields gave way to the mountains and forest. A fairly tall,
lean figure staggers
out of the woods, stumbles and fall. Tenchi doesn't notice as he is facing
another direction,
and he's is thinking of the constant fighting that has been going on between
the new arrivals in
 his house. Ryo-ohki starts tugging at his pant leg, and he notices the
collapsed figure.
    "Oh, God..." he says to himself and runs to another suprise visitor. It
appears to be
pretty much human, with the obvious exception of his tail and dark bluish
black fur covering
his body up to his neck. The fur is slightly singed, his clothes are torn
and
burnt, and the
light skin of his face is covered in soot.
    "We gotta get you some help pal." Tenchi said, lifting this stranger on
to his back.
    "Nnnnnnnnnnn..." he moaned as Tenchi ran back towards the house,
Ryo-ohki
close behind.
    As he enters the house Sasami comes out of the kitchen.
    "Tenchi, I just wan...Oh my goodness, what happened?!" she asked as she
saw Tenchi run in. He immediately headed to Washu's lab.
    "Washu, I found him out in the fields, unconscious. Do something!"
    "Ok, ok, put him right here Tenchi. Thats it. Now this should take care
of him, he'll just need a day or so to heal," Washu tapped a few keys on the
console, and a transparent bubble surrounded the the strange young man.
Satisfied everything was in order, Tenchi and Washu went to go have lunch.

    The next day...

    Keichii Jukai sat up and rubbed his eyes. His whole body was damp, and
he
was extremely sore. He rubbed his head, drying off his hair, causeing it to
stand up and become rather spikey. As he pryed his eyelids open, he found
himself in a strange, dark room, seemingly some laboratory.
    "Well I see you finally decided to join us in the land of the living,"
an
amused female voice said. He spun around to see a woman with long, spikey,
red hair which looked vaguely like a crab, staring at him.
    "Who are you? Where am I? What happened? I feel like hell," he asked the
woman.
    "My name is Little Washu, you are on the planet Earth, which I assume is
what you meant. You don't look like your from here. It seems you had a
rather
nasty accident," She smiled and stood up. "Well, you might as well come and
get something to eat. Follow me."
    The two exited the lab to find everyone sitting around the table,
haveing
dinner. Washu made the introductions.
    "This is Tenchi, he is the one who found you, his father Nobuyuki and
grandfather Katsuhito. To his right is Ayeka and her sister Sasami, Mihoshi,
and that is Ryoko. Everyone, this is..." Washu looked at him.
    "Uh, oh. My name is Keichii," he said, looking around the room.
    "Well Im glad you're okay Keichii. You didn't look very well yesterday,"
Tenchi said. "And i'd like to let you know you are welcome to stay here as
long as you like."
    "Thank you, I don't really know what to say,"
    "Well if you don't mind," Ayeka asked "I was wondering how you happened
to come to Earth?"
    Keichii sat down at the table and started to explain.
    "I am from a world called Fiojimi. My people were at peace with the two
other sentient races in our solar system. They both lived on the planet
Kyojimi, which was the planet closer to our sun, Jimii. We lived in a
magnificent society, filled with scolars, warriors, philosophers, and
artists. The warriors were little more athletes, competinging in games of
honor and skill, seeing as there was no desire for war between the three
races. We lived this way for 7000 years, until we were visited by a
mysterious race. They never showed themselves to us, except for a single
envoy. He demanded that we return what was theirs, some kind of key, to
unlock a great power. Of course we did not understand what it was they
wanted. After we explained we did not have it, that we had never encountered
any other race other than our own three, the envoy returned to his ship, to
return home we assumed. We were wrong. He said something about experiencing
the wrath of the Jurai Power. The ship was incredibly powerful, we never
stood a chance. Nearly our entire population was murdered, our homeworlds
destoyed by that awesome ship. Many of us fled, me included. I do not know
how many escaped alive, if any. I did not know where I would go, until I
pass
this sun. I decided to explore for signs of sentient life, I approached this
planet, Earth. Then I do not remember what happened after. I must have
crashed onto this planet."
    "WHAT?! What did you say that race was?" Ayeka screamed.
    Mistaking her rage for suprised recognition, Kiechii replied "The Jurai.
Have you heard of them?"
    "I happen to be the Crown Princess of Jurai!! How dare you accuse my
people of such a thing!?"
    "You?!" screamed Keichii, jumping up from the table. "I ought to kill
you
right here!"
    "Haha, I like this kid already," laughed Ryoko.
    "Hey! Settle down, both of you!! I'm sure we can figure out what
happend,
just calm yourselves!!" Tenchi ordered.
    "Lord Tenchi, this lecherous young man is claiming my people are
murderers!" Ayeka yelled.
    "She killed my people, my whole race!!" retorted Keichii.
    "Now we don't know that for sure. No one is going to kill anyone until
we
straighten this all out. I'm sure Ayeka Had nothing to do with the death of
your people. So there is to be absolutley no fighting in this house, is that
understood?" Tenchi asked. Keichii and Ayeka nodded.
    "Seeing as Tenchi saved my life, and also is vouching for you, I am
willing to assume I was mistaken about the identity of the ones who
destroyed
my home," Keichii told her.
    "And I'm not only talking about that, Ryoko. You and Ayeka aren't being
very well behaved either."
    "Oh, Tenchi, you know I would never do anything to upset you. Whatever
you say," Ryoko said, as she wrapped her arms around his neck.
    "Oh yeah?" He didn't look very convinced.
     The next couple of days passed fairly uneventfully. Keichii and Ayeka
learned to tolerate each other, but just barely. He and Ryoko seemed to get
along great however. Nobuyuki announced that they were going to the small
inn
and hot springs over the weekend. This put everyone in a good mood.
    When they got there they were geeted by a small woman who ran the inn.
    "Welcome Nobuyuki, Tenchi, Katsuhito. It's good to see you again. And I
see you've brought some friends along," the little woman said. "I'm sure you
four strong men can handle the luggage, I'll show everyone to the rooms."
    "Thank you kindly, Akirosawa, it is a pleasure to be here again,"
Katsuhito replied.
    As Tenchi set the bags on the floor of the room Ryoko appeared beside
him.
    "Come on Tenchi, join me in the hot springs," she tugged at his arm.
"We've got plenty of time to unpack later."
    "Oh, I guess so," he said, knowing she would not let up until he did,
and
he was looking foward to the relaxation anyway. They walked down the halls
toward the springs, to be joined by Keichii, Sasami and Washu. Ryoko scowled
at not having a little time with Tenchi alone, but she didn't say anything.
They all spent the remained of the day in the spring, while Katsuhito and
Nobuyuki stayed in and talked with Akirosama. At the springs everone was
splashing each other and laughing. A good time was had all around. Washu,
being the most brilliant scientific mind in the universe, happened to notice
how Keichii tended to constantly glance at Ryoko. She also noticed the look
on his face everytime Ryoko hung on to Tenchi. She made a mental note of
it...
    ...Later that evening Washu and Keichii were getting ready for bed.
Keichii was thinking of a scene earlier in the day when Ryoko was wrapped
around Tenchi, rubbing his chest in the spring, and sighed. Washu turned to
him and said, "It's difficult I know, but Ryoko is a vey difficult person."
Shocked at how it seemed Washu knew what he was thinking of.
    "Uh, e,excuse me?" he stuttered.
    "You like her very much, don't you?" she asked. "You are very attracted
to Ryoko, are you not?"
    Keichii was taken aback once more. "Um, yes, how did you know? Is it
that
obvious?"
    "No, no, don't worry. I am a scientist, it's my job to notice little
things."
    "Oh." He could not think of anything to say at the moment.
    "Well I'm sure she will come around eventually. No one knows Ryoko
better
than me. After all, you could say I am her mother."
    "You? You don't look old enough to be anyones mother, plus I thought
Ryoko was thousands of years old,"
    "Hahaha, don't let my cuteness fool you, I am over 20,000 years old."
    "Oh. Well you dont look a day over 1000," Keichii said stupidly. They
both laughed at the lameness of that, and after talking for a little while
longer, they both fell asleep.

    Meanwhile, a distance away...

    "Well well, look what we have here, Ryoko, Washu, Princess Ayeka,
Princess Sasami and... Yosho. And what's this?
A Jimi'ian, here, not three months from when I destroyed that system. He
must
have been in that ship I shot down a few days ago. How coincidental. Hmmm
this keeps getting more and more interesting, I think I will pay them all a
visit soon..."

*---------------------------------------------*

    Hey, if you actually read this, you are awesome!! Thank you. If you
liked
it, I LOVE YOU!! haha. I think I'll end it here, even though it's kinda
short, if I feel like it, or don't but enough people want me too, I'll go on
with this. Umm oh if anyone out there thinks its stupid that I added another
character, Keichii, I just thought it would add a little diversity. If you
haven't (I came right out and said it) noticed he is starting fall for
Ryoko,
I always thought the story could stand a little change from everone loves
Tenchi. Blah Blah Blah what am I rambbling on about? I'll shut up now, dont
forget to email me telling me what you thought of the story so far, or if
you
just hate me and want me to die and want to tell me so. Jesse McDade,
McFlysucks@aol.com

Jesse McDade (McFlysucks@aol.com)
regular or misc
No Need For A Terrible FanFic Author! - Part 2 : "No Need For similarity!"
Hmmm.. seems like this all happened in the OVA.

Ok I don't own any of these character except Keichii, see the disclaimer on
the first fic for the details or whatever. Please don't sue me. Ok that
said,
lets move on to the fic!! Oh yeah this may contain slightly coarse language
and mild sex some people may not like, but if you are over 10 years old,
it's
nothing you haven't heard and should not be too traumatized by it. Please I
do not want to offend anyone, so consider this fair warning.

*---------------------------------------------*

Part 2: No Need For Similarity!

    Tenchi, Keichii, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki were at the springs rather early.
It was a slightly overcast morning and the steam from the hot spring created
a mist the surrounded the area around the inn. Suddenly Ryoko appeared,
completely naked.
    "Ahh, Tenchi, I found you," she purred.
    "Ryoko, what are you doing out here like that?" Tenchi wailed.
    "What's the matter? Don't you like it?" she asked as she fazed right in
front of him. She then grabbed his head and pulled it to her breast. Sasami
giggled and Keichii turned red and turned away. After a brief struggle,
Tenchi managed to push Ryoko away.
    "Go put some clothes on," he demanded. She didn't go get any coverings,
but she did back off, floating up to a rock to lie down.
    Ayeka woke up about an hour later, and after breakfast went to the
springs to see Tenchi. By now Ryoko had come back down off the rock and the
others had just kind of ignored Ryoko's nudity (except Keichii, who couldn't
really help but notice). They were all talking and joking around when Ayeka
got to the spring.
    "What do you think you are doing you filthy devil woman?!" Ayeka
screamed.
    Ryoko turned and said, "Well well princess, you finally woke up. We've
all been down here since 8:30." She phased over to Ayeka and whispered in
her
ear, "What are you jealous? Haha, don't worry, some guys like that
underdeveloped look."
    "How dare you! Tenchi would never find you appealing. I've got more to
offer than you anyway, I just choose to exercise some tact, something you
know nothing about you exhibitionist!"
    "Is that so? We'll see about that," Ryoko told Ayeka as she pulled off
the princess' bathing suit and phased back several meters. Ayeka's face
first
turned ghost white, then bright red. Tenchi muttered "Good God," and buried
his face in his hands. He knew what was about to happen. Keichii looked down
and laughed while Sasami said "Oh my."
    Ryoko phased back to Ayeka and laughed. "You're right, that's not half
bad Ayeka," and slapped her bare ass. This caused Keichii and Sasami to
break
out laughing. Ayeka spun around, grabbed her bathing suit and slapped Ryoko
across the face, not quite as loudly as the one she had just received. Ryoko
floated back up to her rock.
    Ayeka was absolutely livid. "You ill mannered tramp! You will wish you
had never laid eyes on me when I'm through with you!"
    Ryoko kept laughing. "That sounds like an inviting offer, but I'm spoken
for." Ayeka screamed. Several dozen small wooden cylinders appeared out of
thin air, resembling miniature Jurian guardians.
    "Ooooohh," Ryoko muttered just before the energy being gathered by the
little logs was discharge. "Aaarrggg!!" As the pain slowly subsided, the
playful tone of Ryoko's voice was lost and she glared at Ayeka. "Now allow
me
to live up to my name," she said, "as the demon caller. I can call forth
evil
spirits from anything I want..." As she spoke the air above her seemed to
thicken, and the fog coalesced into a large monster.
    "Now," Ryoko pointed to Ayeka, "attack!" The demon looked at Ryoko for a
moment, before tossing her into a large rock. She slammed into it hard
enough
to leave a faint spider web of cracks in it, then she fell in to the water.
    "Ryoko!" Keichii yelled as he and Tenchi ran over to her. "Are you all
right? What happened?"
    Ryoko looked down at her wrist and said, "That's right, I need the other
two gems to control it..."
    "Well that's a fine detail to overlook!" Tenchi yelled. Just then Ayeka
screamed. The monster knocked her over and flew off over the inn.
    "Come on!" Keichii called to Tenchi. "It's headed for the other springs,
maybe we can cut it off."
    "Right," Tenchi nodded, and the two of them ran in the door. They went
to
Tenchi's room to get Tenchi-ken, and then ran on to the spring on the other
side of the inn. As they burst through the door, the demon rushed toward
them. Tenchi closed his eyes, concentrating his ki through the hilt of his
sword. Above, a blue light flickered, and then solidified into a blade of
energy. Keichii followed suit, forming an energy ball, then he closed his
fist, creating a long orange blade, similar to Ryoko's. They both charged
the
demon; Tenchi attacking the underside while Keichii slashed it's back.  The
monster swelled, and then exploded, throwing Keichii and Tenchi into the
side
of the inn.
    Ayeka, Sasami, and a dressed Ryoko ran to them.
    "Lord Tenchi! Are you all right?" Ayeka asked.
    "Yes, I'm fine," he said. "How about you Keichii?"
    "Just a little bruised, that's all."

    That evening they returned home, Nobuyuki despondent over the massive
bill to cover all the damage to the inn cause by the demon.
    When they got back Washu checked everyone for injuries or any other
ailments contact with the monster may have caused.
    "Dammit," Ryoko cursed while she was sitting in the lab being examined.
"I didn't exactly score any points with Tenchi today."
    Washu was sitting in front of her computer, monitoring the display.
"Being attacked by a demon doesn't put people in a good mood, Ryoko. You are
lucky he wasn't very upset with you."
    "Yeah I guess," she replied, "I wish I could just do something to show
him I'm not a terrible person."
    "Keichii didn't seem to mind you nearly got him killed. In fact I'd say
he is really falling for you."
    "Oh?"
    "You haven't noticed the looks at you? Or the way he take your dishes
into the kitchen after dinner and always offers to do your chores when you
start to complain?"
    "Yeah, I thought he was very nice. He's always helping Sasami cook or
Tenchi in the carrot fields."
    Okay Ryoko, it's just something to think about. Your spine was bruised
slightly, but you should be fine. Tell Ayeka to see me when you leave."

    After lunch Ayeka talked Tenchi into taking her to she the beautiful
tree
in the pool he had told her about before. Ryoko decided to come along to
make
sure Ayeka didn't try and seduce Tenchi. On hearing this Keichii asked to
come along as well.
    It was snowing, but wasn't very cold actually. When they arrived at the
pool Tenchi asked Ayeka what she thought. Ayeka seemed distant however.
"This
is Yosho's tree, I know it is. He must still be alive, Yosho is here."
    "Ayeka?" Tenchi asked. He was about to ask how she knew that when
Keichii
interrupted him.
    "Does anyone feel that?" he asked when Ryoko screamed.
    "No! It can't be! Please no," she was looking off into space. Suddenly
she turned back to the others. "Please Tenchi, help me..." There was a look
of desperation on Ryoko's face that no one had seen on her before.
    "O,of course," he said.
    Then a black hole grew out of the thin air, laced with a light tracery
of
green lightning. A tall figure emerged from the hole. He had white hair and
skin, a long robe, and small round glasses.
    "Hello Ryoko," he said in a deep and cultured voice.
    "Kagato," she breathed.
    "You," Keichii screamed, "You murdering bastard!" He quickly formed an
ki
blade and flew to Kagato. Kagato lifted his hand and erected a transparent
green shield. Keichii's sword bounced off the shield, and Kagato shot an
energy ball at him. Keichii managed to get his sword up just in time to
prevent the blast from doing any serious damage, but the force shattered the
sword and hurled Keichii to the ground with significant force.
    "Hmph, foolish boy. Now, Ryoko!" Kagato called. She seemed to slump
forward then straightened out. When her eyes opened the normal cat like
yellow was gone, and was replaced by a red glow.
    "R,Ryoko, what's wrong?" Tenchi asked.
    Ryoko did not answer but instead launched a volley of energy blasts
towards them.
    "Give me the Master Key, boy," Kagato called.
    "If you want it you'll have to take it from me," Katsuhito replied from
behind everyone.
    "Yosho, so there you are. You look quite a bit older," Kagato said.
Ryoko
formed a plasma sword. Yosho drew Tenchi-ken. She attacked him, but he was
able to easily hold her off.
    "Ryoko, you must fight Kagato's control. That is not your true will!" he
yelled. Ryoko did not cease. She shot a blast towards Yosho who deflected it
with his shield. "Using a woman to fight your battles? Coward!" Yosho
brought
the hilt of his sword down on the back of Ryoko's head and sent her
plummeting down to earth. Kagato formed an energy sword, green and longer
that Ryoko's as Keichii ran to look after the unconscious Ryoko even though
he appeared to be in considerable pain himself. Kagato and Yosho attacked
each other, neither seemed to have any trouble, yet Yosho had the slight
upper hand. They fought for several minutes, but it seemed like hours to
everyone present. Finally the battle seemed to be nearing an end, Yosho and
Kagato swung, locking swords, green and blue sparks flying.
    "Eeerrrrrraaaaaaahhhhh!!!" Kagato growled.
    "Hahaha, getting too much for you Kagato?" Yosho asked through his
clenched teeth. Suddenly the swords hummed, getting louder, until they both
erupted in a bright flash. Kagato opened his, but Yosho was not there. He
turned round and saw Yosho sitting on the ground, waving his hands. Then he
pointed to the tree Funaho, the Master Key jutting out from the trunk.
    "Hahaha, the Master Key is mine, haha," Kagato laughed, and went to
reach
for the sword, but when his white-gloved hand touched the hilt, it sent a
huge shock to Kagato, and then exploded. The blast threw back Kagato's arm,
and his hand was blown right off.
    "Aaaahhh," Kagato yelled, as held his wrist, his hand emerging from his
sleeve.
    "Trying to take things that don't belong to you?" Yosho asked.
    "B,but how?" Kagato demanded.
    "The Master Key only recognizes one owner," said Yosho, "and that is
Tenchi."
    "Me?" Tenchi asked.
    "Go ahead Tenchi, take it, it is rightfully yours."
    Tenchi got up and walked to Funaho. He nervously reached for Tenchi-ken,
grabbed it and pulled it from the bark of the tree.
    "So that must mean this boy is of the Jurai Royal Family," Kagato mused.
"Well if you want your precious Ryoko, you'll have to come get her, hahaha."
Another black disk opened up behind Kagato, and Ryoko, still unconcious,
floated up to his hand. Then he backed into the hole, and dissapeared, the
hole closing after him.
    "Ryoko!" shouted Tenchi.
    "No," Keichii sobbed and closed his eyes, in disbelief, "I let him get
away, and he took Ryoko."
    Ayeka was facing Katsuhito, or who she knew now to be Yosho.
    "Hello, Ayeka," he said in a different voice, one Ayeka remembered all
too well. It was the voice of the man she was to marry.
    "Why Yosho?" Ayeka started crying, "Why didn't you come back? Was it me?
Did you not love me?"
    Yosho walked up to her and put his hands on her shoulders. She looked up
at him, and for a second she could see him how she had remembered him,
young,
loving, and confident.
    "No Ayeka, that was not it at all. I knew when I went after Ryoko to
Earth I could never return. I had to stay to make sure Ryoko would not be
freed and cause harm to anyone else. The biggest reason was neither of truly
wanted to be wed. You believed so because you were raised since birth
knowing
I was to be your husband. I knew this, so I decided to stay on Earth, and
give you a chance to be happy. I took a wife, and I hoped someday you would
also find someone to be with for the rest of your life." Ayeka buried her
face into Yosho's shoulder and wept. He held her there for a moment for a
moment before pushing her away. "Tenchi is the person you want to be with.
He
is now the Crown Prince of Jurai."
    Tenchi and Keichii walked up to them.
    "We have to go after Kagato and save Ryoko," Tenchi said. He had a look
of extreme determination on his face Ayeka had never seen before. Tenchi was
expecting Ayeka to respond somewhere along the lines of 'But Tenchi, why do
you want to save that devil-woman? We would all be better off with out her'
but instead she nodded in agreement.
    "Right, but how can we, Ryo-oh was destroyed."
    "What about Ryo-ohki? We have to try something," Keichii said.
    "Okay," Tenchi said, "Let's talk to Washu, she will be able to help us."
    Ayeka, Tenchi, Yosho and Keichii ran back to the house. They explained
what had happened to everyone. After a brief discussion, they had made their
battle plan. Ayeka, Tenchi, Keichii and Washu were to go up in Ryo-ohki and
try and save Ryoko. Mihoshi also insisted on going, Ryoko was her friend,
and
Kagato was one of the most wanted criminals in the galaxy and she had to
arrest him (she had completely forgotten Ryoko was also one of the Galaxy
Police Most Wanted). Everyone was now ready, and they left for Souja.
    Meanwhile aboard Souja...
    "Well Ryoko your friends certainly are not lacking in courage. Pity they
will all have to die, all to try and save you, Kagato told her. Ryoko was
imprisoned in a large hourglass on the bridge of the Souja. She could see
Ryo-ohki approaching Souja. "Let's see how well they can handle the power of
Souja," Kagato laughed. Ryoko saw a green ball of energy gather in front of
the fore cannon, then divide into six blasts and discharge. Three had missed
Ryo-ohki, two were absorbed by her shields, but one connected. Ryoko
screamed...
    "Aaahhh!" Everyone lurched forward as Ryo-ohki yowled.
    "Washu, do something!" Tenchi yelled.
    Souja was preparing another blast. "Ryo-ohki, evasive maneuvers!" Washu
called from her cushion where she was piloting the ship. Ryo-ohki started
rising, diving, and spinning. The next barrage missed them completely. "Now,
Ryo-ohki, return fire!" Ryo-ohki fired a magenta bean at Souja, but was
deflected by its powerful shields.
    Washu growled. "Damn, Ryo-ohki simply isn't powerful enough. Someone is
gonna have to board Ryo-oh and attack Kagato from there, that is our only
chance," Washu lifted her head and looked around. "It's quite a risk."
    "I'll go," Tenchi said.
    "No, I will," Ayeka stepped up. "I is my ship after all, and I can't
bear
the thought of putting you in danger."
    "No, Lady Ayeka, that is the very reason I must go, I couldn't live with
myself if something happened to any of you. Now I'll go Washu," he said.
    "Right," Washu nodded.
    Tenchi was telported on to Ryo-oh. As he took his first step, the ship
was rocked with an explosion somewhere.
    On Souja...
     Ryoko was watching Tenchi. "Be careful Tenchi, please!" she screamed.
    "Hahaha," Kagato only laughed...
    On Ryo-ohki...
    "Oh, Please," Ayeka prayed, "Lord Tenchi, do be careful," unknowingly
echoing Ryoko's own plea. Washu was looking at a display, and became very
worried.
    "Oh no, this doesn't look good." She was going through some statistics
when the blood suddenly drained from her face. "Oh no!" she said to herself,
then screamed, "TENCHI, GET OUT OF THERE!"
    On Ryo-oh...
    Tenchi was looking for the control panel Ayeka had told him about, when
a
chill ran down his spine. Then, out of nowhere he eard Washu's scream,
"TENCHI, GET OUT OF THERE!" He looked up, when Ryo-oh was torn apart by a
direct blast from Soouka's cannon.
    On Souja...
    "NOOO!!!" Ryoko screamed, "Tenchi!! You bastard!!" she yelled at Kagato,
then phased out of the hourglass she had been kept in to the wreckage of
Ryo-oh. He look suprised at that. "Oh, Tenchi," she called. She flew in and
out of the debris, searching for any sign of Tenchi. Her eye caught sight of
something white. She phased over too it, and when she recognized it, she let
out a cry of pain and anger. She grabbed the small peice of cloth and phased
on to Ryo-ohki.
    "Ryoko!" Keichii called, "are you all right? What happened?" She walked
toward the center of the ship.
    "Ryoko, we need to go look for Tenchi. Hey, Aren't you coming to help?"
Ayeka snapped at Ryoko. Ayeak ignored her, and ket walking. As she passed
Ayeka however, she threw the object she had found out in the wreckage. She
took another step, let out a single sob, and collapsed, weeping into her
hands. Keichii rushed over and put his arms around Ryoko to comfort her.
Ayeka caght the little peice of cloth, and opened up her hand to look at it.
    "Oh, God no," she cried. Keichii looked up to Ayeka to see what was
wrong, and saw her holding the headband Tenchi was wearing, stained with
blood.
    "Oh God," he breathed.
    Ryoko looked up. "Kagato, you have taken one of the things that is most
precious to me, AND I WILL MAKE YOU PAY!"

*---------------------------------------------*

Well this seems like a good place to stop. Seeing as the events are so
similar to what happens on Tenchi Muyo!, I might as well end where the
episode ends. As you can probably tell, my story is almost exactly the same
as the OVA, hence the name 'No Need For Similarity!' The only deviations are
(obviously) Keichii, and Washu & Mihoshi appearing before They are
introduced
in the original. After the epic battle with Kagato though, I will try and
come up with something original ok? haha (humorless laughter) Ok please
Email
me McFlysucks@aol.com with questions, comments, complaints(most likely),
corrections, death threats, love letters(yeah right), tax forms, random
passages from the Bible, what ever. I am a sad and pathetic person, so any
correspondence is appreiciated. Ok see you next time,  Jesse 'Jesse' McDade
(haha old joke...)

Please, if there is any problem, if I did anything wrong, just tell me and
I'll try and fix it, thank you, Jesse McDade
