
 		                     "No need for Tench"
 					     Ronin: Part II
   						 "Purgatory"

    Early the next day Ron checks out of the hotel and drives up to
Mishoshi's and Kiyone's apartment. He looks up to the door as he shuts
down the ' reactor's engine' and sits back into the truck's seat. After
reading the Galaxy Police file that the commissioner made out for him.
The information he now knows is to say the least a little overwhelming
to behold.
"I just can't believe of what I read last night in that in that file!"
said Ron.
"Yes!" replied the truck. Mishoshi is very good at making out reports.
Luckily for you this was the 'edit' version."
"So, Ryouko...the space-pirate has been here all this time!" said Ron.
"I was right!"
"The very reason that you were created for!" exclaimed the truck. "Along
with her creator, Doctor Washu! Who also made Ryo-oki as well!"
"Don't forget about both princesses of Jurai." Ron said with a grumble.
"I still take it you still don't see 'eye to eye' with the older one,
Ayeka." said the truck.
"No, I don't!" said Ron with a dissatisfied tone in his voice as he
looks at the truck's cab-camera. "I wonder what this Masak Tenchi is
like?"

 "From the report; 'he is a 'good' kid, very typical." explained the
truck.
"Typical?!" Ron cried out with concern with a face to match. "This
'typical' kid is now in possession of the sword 'Tenchi-ken'! The
possible succor to the throne of Jurai and killed Kagato...sliced the
bastard into two along with his ship!" Ron closes his eyes for a moment.
"I wanted to do something like that ever sense after what he did to
Kiyone a few years back!"
"Well, Prince Yosho is his grandfather, so I'm quiet sure from a logical
thought he is a good
kid!"                                                                      
"Maybe!" says Ron as he looks into the driver side mirror at a passing
car.
"Data check!" says the truck. "Kiyone still does not know what has
happen to her on that day, does she?"
"No." says Ron with a depressing sigh. "She doesn't remember about that
day or who I'am! Neither does Mishoshi... I believe!"
"Kiyone, by Earth's time-zone is now twenty-five years old! said the
truck. "You are now at the point where you must come forward and tell
her who you are in her life! The honor of her family is at stake as well
as yours!
"You don't need to reminded me of that!" said Ron as the pulls out a
memo pad and writes down these words:
"Ryouko, Washu, Ayeka, Sasami and Yosho!" he says out-loud as he writes.
"All of these people in one area on this world of which all the planets
of the known universe this one! Add Kiyone and Mihoshi as 'resident
police officers' with my special relationship with Kiyone all equals up
to one thing...a big mess! Skit!"
 "It's a little ironic don't you think?" said the truck. "According to
the Galaxy Police Law GP-03218-3, you are not allowed to be involved in
any case that has anybody you know personally!"
"Yes, I thought about that too!" said Ron as pulls his shirt's sleeve to
revel a tattoo on his upper right arm by the shoulder. The tattoo is a
replica of the Galaxy Police symbol. With the letters G and P and the
five point star in the background, however with this tattoo also
included a broad sword through the star with the hilt on the bottom and
the tip just coming out of the top. The roman number ("XV") fifteen was
in-bold and in-front the letters G and P. Below the tattoo was a smaller
one and was the roman number five ("V"). Ron rubs the tattoo with his
left hand.
"However, I technically don't exist, so I technically don't know any of
them personally!" said Ron. "I believe that is the why the commissioner
wants me to do this job and  as well as complete my task with Kiyone."
"What about Ayeka? If she finds out about you and...!" asked the truck.
"I'll worry about that when the time comes!" interrupted Ron as he
checks his gun one last time before putting back in it's holster inside
his jacket and putting on he baseball hat over his very dark blond hair!
" Might as well get  this started!" Ron steps out of the truck and looks
around the street.

He then starts to go up the star-well, when the truck starts playing the
last choirs of AC/DC's "Highway to Hell" on the stereo. Ron quickly
glares down at the truck with a angry look and the truck shuts up.
 When he got the front door, he took a deep breath and strengthen out
his ball-cap while looking at the door bell's button.
"When you push the button whatever happens afterward can't be stopped!"
he thinks to himself. 
A ring is heard inside and in a few seconds the door swings open to
relive Mishoshi still in her night gown, however, wide awake. 
"Good morning!" she said as Ron was drawing himself proudly!
"Yes, good morning!" says Ron as he finally gave her a small smile back.
"I'm looking for First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi of the Galaxy
Police!"
"Oh yes!" said Mihoshi with a bigger grin back to him. "She still
asleep! Got  knocked  in the head by a full can of soda, but I'll go
wake her up!"
Before Ron could say anything else, Mihoshi closes the door on him. He
can hear Mishoshi waking up Kiyone.
"Who is it?" said Kiyone with a moan.
"I don't know, but he did say the Galaxy Police!" replied Mihoshi. And
he is speaking in your home-world's tongue!"
Next he hears the sound of feet moving toward the door and watching open
with a little caution by Kiyone with a face that goes with her
discomfort of her head-ache.
"May I help you?" she says in her words, with a concern tone in her
voice. 
Ron pulls out his I.D. wallet with badge, and opens it up before her.
 "Captain Ronan Masterson of the Galaxy Police's special operations Unit
Three! "I'm here on behalf of the highest command to be your protector
from an enemy of yours!"
Kiyone's eyes open wide as she looks over the man's I.D. again. Then
looks at herself and thinks at the first impression she has just made!
"Where's your uniform, sir?" says Mishoshi as she opens the door wider.
"I don't wear the Galaxy Police uniform when I'm assigned to this planet
except when needed to, First Class Mishoshi!" said Ron.
"Sir!" Kiyone snaps to attention! "We had no idea that you where
coming!" Mishoshi quickly follows her.
"At ease." orders Ron. "I'm here under secret! Level Omega! Please get
dressed in your 'everyday' clothes on this planet then I'll explain
everything! By the way, I must ask you to show me where Prince Yosho is
I must make contact with him as well!"
"Oh, that 's not a problem said Mishoshi as a smile returns to her face.
"We were going to see the whole gang today!"
"We are?" said Kiyone with a puzzled face.
"I called while you were still asleep!" replied Mishoshi. 
"Whole gang, huh?" questioned Ron with a raised eyebrow.
"Hold on here!" said Kiyone with her serious tone. "With all due
respects sir, how did you know that the Prince Yosho was here?"
Ron just looks at Kiyone with a 'fair enough' look.
 "I read Mishoshi's report and that is all I'm saying for now! I'll see
you in a few minutes."
Ron starts walking down the stairs and hears the door close behind him.
"Let the games begin!" he says as he climbs into the truck.
"Play 'Journey's'...'Faithfully'!
The truck plays the request and Ron looks down at the street. 
Back inside the apartment Kiyone and Mishosh were getting ready.
"Just think, a member from Unit Three has asked us to escort him to see
Prince Yoshi!" said Mihoishi.
"He's not here just for that!" said Kiyone. "He's here for my
protection! Translation: My body-guard from someone!"
She finishes putting on a blue T-shirt with a air-brush image of a
'white wolf' on it, walks over to the window and looks down at Ron's
truck.
"You don't see too many of those types of vehicles around here! Until we
learn more about this guy, let's keep an eye on him!"
By the time they were dressed, Kiyone came to the door and called Ron
in!
Ron orders the truck to keep scanning for anything out of the
ordinarily! Kiyone showed him a place to sit and she and Mishoshi join
him around the table. 
Ron glances at Mishoshi for a second and try's not to sound ruled.
"Mishoshi." he said. "When I said everyday clothes, I really meant
clothes of this world. Not your Galaxy Police uniform!"
 "Well sir!" said Mishoshi smoothly as she pointed to his feet. "You
should know that in this country you are not to wear your black combat
boots or any other shoes in people's houses! Aren't those Galaxy Police
issued?"
Ron looks down at his boots, turns a little red with embarrassment and
quickly removes them. 
"Touché and excuse me!" said Ron. "I'm sorry!"
"That's okay!" said Mishoshi with a happy smile. "Your 'bad'!"
Ron looks at her with a light incredulous smile.
"So, you are learning Western 'slang', eh?"
"Yup!" cried out Mishoshi. "It's all over the place!"
"Cool beans!" he said with a small laugh and Mishoshi let one too.
"Your speech of my home-world is very good too!" said Kiyone firmly.
"What is too...touché?"
Ron's serious face comes back as he pulls out his I.D. again and gives
it to Kiyone.
"As I said; I'm Captain Ronan Masterson! I'm here to protect you against
a 'hit' from the humanoid mercenary known as 'Double Blade'!"
 	"By who's orders, sir?" asked Kiyone.
"By the High Marshal." replied Ron. "I have a copy of the orders here."
"Oh!" said Mishoshi in a glee. "How is my grandfather?"
"Fine I guess." said Ron with caution. "Please let's stick to the
subject here!"
"Mishoshi!" said Kiyone speaking quietly through her teeth and nudging
Mishoshi in the gut. "Be professional!"
 "I'm also ordered to protect anyone else who is threaten by this guy!"
said Ron firmly. "He may know where you live right now!"
"Oh my!" cried out Mishoshi with water in her eyes. "You mean he would
kill me too?"
"Really?" said Kiyone as she gave Mishoshi a 'funny look' that can only
described as 'wicked'! "Oh please mighty goddess of justice just once!"
she prays to herself.
"That means we can't stay here in Japan or Earth for that matter!" added
Kiyone. 
"Well, that's where it kind of gets kind of sticky!" said Ron with a
uncomfortable face as he scratches his head.

"My plan was to keep you on Earth and take you two to the United States
at a 'safe house', however...!"
"But... we can't!" cried out Mishoshi interrupting and putting her hands
on her cheeks.
"We have to obverse the actively at the Tenchi household at all times
and look out for Prince Tenchi as well!"
"Who?" said Ron playing dumb to Mihoshi last words. "Prince Tenchi? Why
just him?"
"Well he is a royal member of the Family of Jura." said Mishoshi as her
eyes got all 'starry' in them. "And because he is sooo cu...!"
 Kiyone quickly covers Mishoshi's mouth, lets out a small laugh and
sweats a little.	
"She means...he is so cool!" said Kiyone with a nervous tone.
"Ye~ah!" replied Ron as he turned his head a little to the right with a
puzzled look to them.
"Anyway your grandfather, Mishoshi or should I say the High Marshal
explained to me your assignment and by all means you must stay here!"
"I bet." grumble Kiyone softy with her head lower.
"Excuse me?" question Ron with his serious look again. Kiyone quickly
looked up with a 'shit-eating' smile.
"I normally don't do things like this, but sense you are so close to
this 'family' I have to go and explain the threat that is here!"
"Oh I wouldn't worry about them." explained Mihoshi with a confident.
"This Double Blade won't be much for 'these' people!"  
"That is what I'am exactly worried about!" said Ron firmly. "I want to
take this guy down alive if possible! I don't believe in a needless
killing!"
"True, good police don't kill unless there no other choice around!" said
Kiyone. "And don't jump to conclusions so quickly Mishoshi!" said Kiyone
with seriousness in her eyes."I put this guy away with the help of other
'P.O's' , but not until he killed a rookie!"
"He did?" thought Ron to himself. "I wasn't told of this!"
"I busted him before you became my partner and I was lucky that day!"
said Kiyone.
 "I said something like that once!" said Ron as he crossed his arms
in-front of his chest.
"I heard that it took a member of 'Team Fifteen' to beat him once at
swords! This guy must have been good because 'Double Blade' was a master
sword-mans!"
"From what I read from the report you did a fine job!" said Ron with
pride in himself.
"I wish he was here!" Kiyone went on. "He could help us!"
Kiyone looks at Ron and forgets for a second why he is here in the first
place.
"Uh..Nothing personal, sir! I just have a little curiosity in them
that's all!"
"Well...!" said Ron looking at her and showing compassion in his eyes.
"I'm not offended! They were good people just trying to do there job
just like the rest of us, however, we must used what we have right now!"
"Yes, sir." said Kiyone she added with a pause. "I understand."
"Mishoshi!" said Ron with his serious tone returning. "You said you were
going to see the royal family today?"
"Yes sir!" said Mihoshi. "Along with Ryoko and Washu! We were going to
take the train. The line that goes that way is still open!"
"If you don't minded I was thinking of taking my truck instead!" said
Ron.
"That sounds great!" said Mishoshi. "It will be more fun! By the way do
you have enough gas? It is a longer trip on the back roads."
"More than enough!" he said with a  added grin.
 "What sort of job do you do on this planet?" asked Kiyone.  "To own
something like that?"
"I work for the U.S. Government as a ship-yard engineer and in the Naval
reserves in it's military." says Ron as he looks at his watch quickly.
"Pack some clothes, just in case something happens to go wrong,
including your I.D.'s and weapons!"
"Yes sir!" Both Mishoshi and Kiyone say at the same time as they got up.
"By the way..." says Ron as he got up with them. "Don't call me 'sir'!
We won't be in uniform and it makes feel 'old'! Just Ron!"
"Yes sir!" said Mishoshi as she smiled and went into the next room which
was a small storage room.
Ron just folds his arms across his chest, looks up to the ceiling with
his eyes and gives a dissatisfied look to his face then turns to Kiyone. 
 "So that is the infamous Mishoshi!" says Ron quietly. 
"Yes." replied Kiyone with a face that showed she was just annoyed with
a couple taps with her foot. "My personal 'Tengu'!"
"'Demon', huh?" replied Ron with again a raised eyebrow as he recognized
the Japanese word. "I took her more for the 'Banshee'! I heard she
throws some good 'fits'!"
"Banshee?" question Kiyone."What's that?"
" A sad female omen or spirit who calls your name as they come for you
over the land." said Ron.
Kiyone walks up to him and looks up into his dark blue eyes.
 "Something matter?" said Ron with a worried voice. 
"Have we meet before?" asked Kiyone. "I feel as if I know you from
somewhere! And your name 'Ronan Masterson' that is an Earth name
isn't...why do you have it, if you don't mind me asking, because to me
that is...'alien' for a Galaxy Cop to have one."
Keeping cool and fighting any chance to sweat or bluish, Ron replied
without missing a beat.
"Well for starters, most likely not and even if we did, we must have
just passed each other at headquarters! I'm not a very sociable person
with most." he says as he looks out the window toward the town landscape
and hills in the distance. "Even though I have been on and off the Earth
many times, this is the first time I have been to Japan in quite awhile
and when I'm off this planet for a another mission  for the G.P. It's
rare event that I'm at H.Q. at all!"
"Oooh! So that's what you are!" exclaimed Mishoshi as she came out of
the closet. "Your one of those 'specialist' who are trained to live on a
specific world, assimilate with a culture and give reports back on it's
behavior or something to the Galaxy Police! So you are just doing what
we are doing in a way. Your a resident officer! See Kiyone we aren't the
only ones here!"
"Well...yes Mishoshi that is true to a point!" said Ron. "But I'm a
little more than that!"
"He is!" said Kiyone as she was reading his orders. "It says here that
you are an former warrior for the  'Armed Forces Of United Galaxies!
Department of Deep Space Units Of Space Navy and Naval Militia Forces!
A.F.U.G.D.D.S.U.N!"
 "A mouth full isn't?" said Ron jokingly. "We are called by another name
by others who don't like us! 'A fucken damn dim sun'!"
"I heard that once!"  said Kiyone laughing hard and walking toward the
bathroom. "Well um...give me a few minutes and we will go!"
 	She closes the door behind her and Mishoshi goes back to packing in
the closet. Ron walks around the room and sits down by the book shelf.
He spots Kiyone's graduating book from the academy. He picks it up and
flips through it quickly through it. He comes across the photo of Kiyone
that mentions her as Number two in her class.
"You should have been 'number one'!" says Ron to himself. "But I wasn't
allowed to help you in any special way. Just as well, your strong just
like your father!"
As Ron continues to flip through the book back and fourth until he comes
across the class photo group shot with some the members of Team
Fifteen's 'Alpha' unit in it. As he examined the photo closer he spots
the  man called 'Number Five'. He breaths uneasy for a moment, then
shuts the book  and puts it back on the shelf. He wipes his brow from
the cold sweat and gets up hastily.
"Stay dead, Five!" he whispers. "For now be 'dead' from my life!"
He looks around the room and hears Mishoshi singing to herself in the
closet.
"Talk about being trapped between a rock and a hardplace! Commissioner,
your payback is a bitch!" Ron says softy.
 Without warning Mishoshi jumps out of the closet in-front of the Ron in
her blue bikini which makes Ron jump up in the air with alarm!
"Ta-Da!" cries out Mishoshi. "Do you think we will have time to go to
the beach if we have to go to your assigned country?"
"Uh..we will try!" said Ron as he read Mishoshi's body with his eyes.
"Great!" she says with again her goofy smile as she begins to untie her
top and walks out of sight back into closet just as she began to take it
off!  "I haven't worn this outfit in awhile!" 
Ron just stands for a few seconds! He couldn't believe how Mishoshi took
him by surprise like that!
"Stay sharp!" he thinks again. "Sharp you damn e'egt! Kiyone's life can
be lost if you don't! I do give Mishoshi an eight point five for the
body, but a two point five on the brain! She did put a 'rise' in my
'Levi's' though! Been without a woman too long!" 
As Kiyone comes out of the bathroom, she looks at Ron for second then 
his boots in the corner of the room and finally the boot mark on the
floor by the window, goes into the closet where Mishoish was just
finishing getting dressed and begins to pack as well!
"Mishoshi!" whispers Kiyone. "I think he is the one that took care of
that thief last night!"
"I know!" replied Mishioshi.  "It was his boots that left the mark! He
was probably going tell us later!"
 Kiyone looks at Mishoshi with a dissatisfying look. "Well how
about...oh was is word I heard on the T.V....'Deja vu'?"
"Sure just now!" Mishoshi said back in a whisper.
"Huh?!" said Kiyone with a shocked face. "Now?"
"Uh-Huh!" said Mishoshi as she points over her shoulder. "He was wearing
a  baseball hat when he came in that says 'Seabees, N.A.S.  Keywest' on
it!  You know the one that has the cute little bee on it, carry a tool
each in one hand and firing a gun! One of those guys on the train last
night wore the same kind expect it said; 'Can Do!' on it!"
Kiyone looks on the table and sees the hat!
"Well I'll be, the blond bitch is being useful for once!" Kiyone thinks
to herself.
"Say, do you think he is an undercover agent of somekind for the Galaxy
Police just to check on us?  You know, 'Internal Affairs!'" said Kiyone
to Mishoshi in a facetiously way to see what her answer would be. " Why
would he ask us about the Tenchi household?"
" Police's police? Might be, but I don't know why, were such good
teammates together!" say Mishoshi with confident then she thinks to
herself "I do believe I saw someone like him in a old black and white
photograph in my grandfather's office a few years ago in a file on his
desk when I was visiting him on his birthday! I just have to see it
again!"
"This is a little weird!" thinks Kiyone to herself. "I'm keeping an eye
on you  'Captain Ron Masterson' or whoever you are!"
 Kiyone pauses for a minute think what she is saying.
"Listen to me!" she thinks to herself. "Why I'm I being so selfish?  I
must be loosing it because of being with Mishoshi for this long!  As far
as I can see, this guy is really here putting his life on the line to
protect me from harm and I'm crucify him without a real reason! Give the
guy a chance to explain more, but I will still keep my guard up!
She pauses for second then thinks to herself again.
"High command? I wonder if my father has something to do with this!"
In a short while Ron finishes helping Kiyone load her bag in the truck's
bed Mihoshi is already in the 'king-cab' section. Because the windows
are 'tinted' and of habit, Kiyone climbs in the part of the cab what she
believes is the passenger side, the next thing she knows has a streering
wheel in-front of her.
"What the?" said Kiyone.
"Yeah tell me about it!" added Mishoshi as she poked her head out the
door to see Ron just finishing snapping down the truck's bed cover!"
Excuse me, sir?"
"It's Ron, Mishoshi!" he said. "Ron!"
"Well, your name might be 'Ron', but your truck is wrong in interior
design!"	
"I beg your patron you mixed up poor excuse of a carbon life-form?!"
protested the truck through its sound system. So loud that  both Kiyone
and Mishoshi had to cover their ears. "I'am a superior design of a well
made mult-use transport machine with the best in Galaxy Police and
Military issued equipment!"
"Oh boy here we go!" grumbled Ron. 
 The truck moved it's camera on a robot arm out of it's hidden
compartment  in the dash board and into Mishoshi face. "So who the hell
made you 'brassy skin one'?! If you were a car you be a little 'bug'!" 
Mshioshi screams, Kiyone hangs on to the wheel as the truck starts
playing AC/DC's 'Who made who?!' and the truck starts to rock up and
down! Ron runs up the cab and yells inside.
"Cool it now 'Two-fifty' I did not make you to do this crap!"
The truck stops bouncing and the music turns down to low.
Mishoshi clams down and  Kiyone looks at Ron with very angry face!
"What is the name of the 'Seven Hills of R'ante' was that?!"
"Sorry. 'Two-fifty' here is extremely touché about its appearance."
explained Ron.
"I used to be attached to a fighter-class war-ship! Now I'm ground
transportation Oh the pain!" .said Two-fifty seriously.   
"Kiyone, would you mind sliding over please?" said Ron.
Kiyone moves over and Ron hops  in the driver's side.
"Two-fifty? What is a Two-fifty?"
Ron looks at the truck's camera. Two-fifty responds back as it begins to
move down the road.
 "As I said, I'am...for now... a ground transportation machine that is
assigned to Ron as his cohort or should I say 'partner'. His voice is
the only one right now which aloud to control me by recognition
software. This 'machine' or truck is my outer-shell. It may look like a
American designed four-by-four,  full size, king-cab truck. But I carry
a 'heavy duty' force shield generator, also enough weapons and counter
measures, lethal and non to take out in comparison of some of this
planet's best war-machines... about five heavy-armored tanks divisions
and three squads of heavy -armed fighter planes with enough left over
for a couple of batons to be wiped out in one battle at a time! All my
weapons, radar's, commendations and engine systems are ether Galaxy
Police or United Galaxies Military issued and meet the all or beyond
safety and weapons control under the Planetary Defense act, Parts one
through eight and ten! The laptop computer you see sitting on the stand
is my 'brain' or 'A.I.'! I can be moved about and hooked up to other
machines!"
"Where?" said Kiyone. "All I see is a normal looking truck's dash
board!"
"Let me lower the hologram." said Two-fifty.
Doing so the dash board fades away and is replaced by a amazing display
of control's and computer screens much what is seen on a Galaxy Police's
air-car, just a little more compacted! The only thing that stayed the
same was the truck's radio face with a clock on it!
"Oh yah! " said Two-fifty. "I also have kick-ass sound system!"
"Kick-ass?" questioned Kiyone to Ron.
"Ever hear the phase; 'It has a mind of its own!'?" asked Ron.
Kiyone nodded lightly.
"She has one!" said Ron pointing to the lap-top.
"Say, want to here all 'top ten' hits this week in this country?" asked
Two-fifty.
"Sure!" cried out Mishioshi.
 Music began playing as the truck speeds down the road and started to
use another sound system only external and smaller to make it 'sound'
like it had a diesel powerplant under the hood.
         ***************************************************************
Later on that day Tenchi was working in the back-yard on his daily
choirs as the warm sun was beating down on him. Ryouko can see him
inside the house and once again as in many times before tries to impress
by doing some thing for him...which in most cases it's just plain
overkill!
"Hey Tenchi. " Ryouko says smoothly as she appears behind him and covers
his eyes. 
"Ryouko stop it!"  he protested as he turned around at her. "I'm busy!"
"You looked hot!" she said. "So brought you some water!"
"Oh where?" he asked as expected to see a glass or something with water
in it!
"Right here!" she says smoothly as she wraps her arms around him and
phases both of them into the floating spa over the lake! Tenchi appears
inside the bubble and falls into the pool from about eight feet above
the water with a large splash! Tenchi comes up coughing and looks around
for Ryouko!
"Come on this is...he says.
"Wrestle time!" yells out a now all- bare Ryouko as she plunges on top
him from above. 
"Ugh!" he yells out as he goes down huge splash!
  	Ryouko come up holding Tenchi in a 'scissors' hold gently enough so
that she doesn't snap his neck!
"Come on Tenchi after we all been through with Kagato, Clay and that
demon Kane! I though you be tough enough for this kind of treatment by
now!" said Ryouko! "Especially with me 'around' you!"
She makes a light chuckle and frees Tenchi from her grip! Tenchi gasps
for air as he makes it to the other side of the pool and throws a large
towel at Ryouko's face!
"Ryouko cool it! I have work to do!" he says as he climbs out of the
water. "Grandfather said he has a friend from the United States coming
by today or tomorrow and he wants me to meet him!  Speaking of that I
think you have been watching too much of that American style wresting
again!
"Him?" asked Ryouko. "I do know that Mihoshi and Kiyone are coming by,
but who's the other guy!"
"I don't know!" replied Tenchi as he took off his shirt to squeeze out
the water. "Gees, I don't need this!"
"That's right you monster he doesn't need that!" said a voice from the
door. Which both of them turned to see Ayeka looking at Ryouko with very
angry eyes! "You get away from him you damn whore!"
Ryouko's face fires up hot as throws away the towel she jumps out of the
water and lands just a few feet away from the Princess of Jurai!
 "You take that back you purple-eyed inbreeding want-abee 'Princess of
the Bitches'! roars Ryouko as she powers up her fist.  Ayeka responded
by raising her personal shields!
"In this counter is the mighty Space-Pirate Ryouko!" yells Ryouko at
Ayeka. And the next corner is the Princess of the family of trees that
don't want to 'fork' out!"
"Now wait a minute you guys!" said Tenchi with a nervous ton in his
voice. He knows all to well where this was going! "Take easy!"
Both women refuse to here Tenchi as Ryouko throws the first blast at
Ayeka!
 	Outside Washu was looking at the dark storm cloud that where coming
over the hillside!
"Yep!" she says to herself. "Here comes the last of those 'cells' now as
I predicted! I think I have just enough time to show Sasami that
lighting 'trick' she wanted to see and its effects it has on people! But
where do I find a 'victim'...I mean subject?"

Without warning Washu hears a explosion from inside the 'floating spa'
and sees Ryouko fly out with a blast from Ayeka, but soon makes her way
back into the fray with a counter attack!
A smile comes to Washu's face!
" Of course, my daughter!"
*********************************************************************
 About a few miles away, Ron is laying out the cable from the truck's
front wench and attaches it to a car's bumper.
"Okay Two...I mean Kiyone give her the gas!" Ron yells up to truck with
Kiyone behind the wheel and Mishoshi sitting in the passager side.
"Can't believe he is calling me by your name!" says the truck in a low
tone as it pulls on it's wench, slips it's transmission into a lower
gear so that it can pull the family's car out the thicken muddy part in
the road! " A carbon's name!"
"Take it easy!" said Kiyone as she turns her arms with the truck's
wheel. "You know he doesn't mean it like the way he saying it!"
As the truck's tires spin and goes deeper into the mud, it sprays a 
brown muck all over the truck's body. "Yuck! I'm going to need a bath!"
When a light moan, the family car pulls free and on to a more solid part
of the damp dirt road! The father gets out as Ron unclamps the wench's
hook and it goes up to the truck's unit. 
"Thank you!" said the father as he shook Ron's hand even though it was
muddy. "Now can go get my family! This has been worst weather we have
had in awhile and look it's sunny now!"
 As the man climbs in the drives off beeps his horn as he drives by the
truck which responded back with the same and Kiyone and Mihoshi wave as
well. 
Ron opens the truck's door as 'swing time' music was playing. Mihoshi
was snapping her fingers to the beat.
"Say who is this playing?" she asked. 
 "'Big Bad Voodoo Daddy!'" he replied as he put the truck in the 'drive'
gear. "I've liked 'swing' music for some time now and still amazes me
how things come back around again! Even though the band is 'new' this
kind of music is from the early part of this century!"
"You like many kinds of music don't you?" asked Kiyone as she looked at
him carefully.
"My personal format is wide, however on this planet I enjoy 'rock and
roll' the most!" he said. "From your world, Kiyone; I like the music
that your people call; 'Nyle-Cone' which of course means "The life-force
is the path of us all" It really touches the soul when you hear it! Say,
doesn't your name mean 'pure voice'?
Kiyone nods and turns to him with a face that shows that she is happy
that he knows something of her world other than speaking the 'prime
language'. However Ron could see in her eyes that she troubled by
something else!
"You look a little 'miffed' about something." he said with concern.
"I'm sorry." she said as she turned away from him to the windshield. "I
don't what to sound like I'm putting my problems on you, but I'm worried
about  the way we are living now. This planet is so well you
know...costly! Working at part-jobs at long hours and trying to do our
duty as cops in this system I don't have time for any damn social life
or trying to explore this planet! I've seen so much about it on the TV!
I want to go to some of these places, like New York City, Rome, Italy,
or Kos, Greece!"
"Oh come on Kiyone!" said Mishoish. "We do go to the Karoke club..."
"That's not the of the kind of social life I'm taking about!!" yells
Kiyone.
 "Hold on!" said Ron as he holds up his hand. "I can help you on this
thing! Two-fifty! Drive and open 'under seat' vault!
The truck does the order and a heavy duty box slides on to the truck's
floor from under the trucks seat. Ron opens it up and inside was a
laser  handgun in it's 'charger' unit, a 'snub nose' .38 special
handgun, some credit cards and money from different European countries.
He pulls out a rolled up bundle of United States dollars in 'fifties'
and gives it to Kiyone.
"This is about 'two-grand' right here use it any you find fit after you
change it to this country's currency of course said Ron. "Maybe paying
your rent and going out when this over!" 
Both Kiyone and Mishoshi just stare at the money!
"We can't  take this!" said Kiyone.
"Yes you can!" said Ron with a smile. "You are under my protection right
now and under the code, G.P. A-12669200-Z of the undercover manual! A
Galaxy Police officer is allowed to give support to any other police
officer in need as they see fit!"
"....is allowed to give support to any police officer in need as they
see fit!" said Kiyone as she and Ron say it at the same time together!
"Very good!" said Ron. "You were great at the Academy as I was told!
Karoke? You sing?"
 "Do you?" asked Kiyone.
"Not with this deep voice I have!" said Ron as he starts to close up the
case and spots something next to the laser pistol. "So that's where they
were!"
 He pulls out a pair of  black leather driver's gloves and puts them on
the dash board as he puts the box away.
 	Mihoshi looks at the gloves carefully.
"Say those look alot like the kind of gloves you wear, Kiyone!"  she
said.
Kiyone looks at gloves.
"Yeah they do!" she says. "But, yours are black."
Ron puts the gloves on and takes the 'wheel' back.
"My palms sweet after driving for a while and I sometimes wear them when
I use certain types of weaponry, guns for example. They absorb the
energy in a recoil!"
As the truck continues down the road a funny thing was happening at the
Tenchi house hold which was less than a few miles away.
 
*************************************************************************
"Now that you have 'cooled' down Ryouko!" said Washu as she handed her a
cable. "Now put this around your waist!"
"What makes you think I'm going to do that?!" asked Ryouko with a mean
face.
"Because 'I' said so!" protested Washu holding up a finger at Ryouko.
"I'm pulling 'mommy' rank on you! Do it!"
With a grumble Ryouko puts the cable on her and not bothering to ask why
the cable was hooked up to a four foot rocket behind her! Or about the  
black thunder cloud right over the house right now!
 
 	Washu walks over to the spot where Sasami, Tenchi and Ryo-ohki are
standing behind a  force shield ten feet away and hands them
sun-glasses!
"Are sure this is right?" said Tenchi. "You should tell her!"
"What?!" said Washu as she puts on her shades. "And spoil the fun?"
"What is going to happen?" asked Sasami.
"Meow?" asked Ryo-ohki.
At that same mount the truck just came to a complete stop, just about a
few hundred feet way from the gate where Azaka and Kamidake were
standing guarding the door.
"Skit!" said Ron to himself. "Ah, wonder if they remember me?" 
"Well there it is!" said Kiyone. "Kamidake and Azaka are right were
there suppose to be! "Is something the matter, Ron? You look worried."
"Hm? No!" he quickly said as he moved the truck up slowly up to where
Kamidake and Azaka were and stopped just a few feet!
"Let me go out and talk to them first." said Kiyone. "They do get to be
troublesome at times."
Ron nodded and Kiyone opened the door and walked up to the two Juraian
guardians. 
"Good afternoon! Miss Makibi!" said Azaka.
"Good afternoon, Mishoish is with me along with somebody else I should
tell you about!"
 As Kiyone begins to explain to the guardians, Ron looks up to the sky
and sees the dark storm cloud block out the sun.
"We will gladly let him enter as soon as he shows his identification and
Princess Ayeka allows it which I'm sure she would!" said Kamidake.
"Bet she wouldn't if she knew who I really was!" said Ron to himself
again.
"Besides we protect you as well...as long as the princess allows it!"
said Azaka. "Mr. Masterson would you please come forward?"
"Are you ready?" Ron asked Two-Fifty.
"Yes."
Ron steps out of the truck wearing his baseball hat, walks up to the
guardians carefully. He pulls out his I.D. wallet opens it and presents
it to the guardians. 
The truck flashes it's high-beams to make the guardians looks at it and
the truck  sends out a powerful invisible focused beam at the guardians
eyes where only see a message that tells why Ron is here, who he really
is and by order of the Emperor himself Ron was allowed to enter and not
to be told by the others.
The guardians look at Ron and his I.D.s again. 
"It is honor to see you Mr. Masterson!" said Azaka.
"However, we do ask that you get back in the machine as soon as
possible!" Kamidake.
"Why?" said Kiyone.
"Because Doctor Washu is about to fire a ..."
 All of a sudden within a few heart beats, the rocket whooshes up into
the air with the copper cable attached and headed toward the storm cloud
with the sound of thunder inside it. Ron quickly sees what is happening
and what was going to happen. Grabs Kiyone tosses her into the passager
door which was opened by the truck and was able to get to the other
side, close the doors, just as the rocket went into the negative charged
cloud and a bolt of lighting comes down the wire. Strikes Ryouko with
over a thousand amps of power as it makes it way through her body to the
positive ground and blows Ryouko through the gate causing it to open
wide with a violent smash, knocking the guardians in different
directions and finally onto the truck's windshield making her face press
very hard on the reinforced glass. At the same instant Kiyone, Mihoshi
and Ron jump back hard against there seats at this vulgar display of raw
electric power! 
The now 'charged' Ryouko is a natural magnet, which causes a secondary
bolt to strike her again!  No one in the truck however was hurt, except
for a few skips in there heart beats!
"O-Kay...fine!" says Ron with coolness even after all that! Kiyone and
Mihoshi are shaking a little, however, Mihoish's was more intense. Ron
smoothly turns to them as if nothing happen!
"You two are not getting  'hazardous pay' of any kind are you?"
Kiyone and Mihoish both look at him.
"No!"
"Ohh!" moans Ryouko. "My mouth taste like silver or something!"
 "That's no surprise!" said Washu as she and the others came running out
the gate. "So now do see why lighting is so dangerous to people,
Sasami?"
"Yes, we don't see anything like that back home!" said Sasami.
Ron looks at Ryouko's body now on the hood of the truck and sees for the
first time it is Ryouko herself as a 'buzz' in his head comes on, he is
able to shut it off from his mind.
"Would you mind getting her off please?" said Two-fifty. "She's
recovering quickly! My wax job! Screwed!"
Ron was about to get out of the truck however, he stopped. For no
apparent reason he grabs his sunglasses from his glove case and steps
out to help Ryouko. Kiyone and Mihiosh follow. 
As Ron helps Ryouko down from the hood, Tenchi joins him. 
"Here let me help!" he says as they both get her down.
Ryouko opens her eyes looks at Tenchi and quickly hugs him hard.
"Ohh, aren't you the best thing to see!" she says. "See you do give me a
'charge'!"
"Nice to see that you are all right too!" said Tenchi as tries to
breath.
Ron just looks at Ryouko through his sunglasses then turns to Washu's
voice. 
"Well now Ryouko!" said Washu. "Now you just might respect mother
nature!"
"'Demeter', you are not!" said Ron to himself. "That goddess was better
at being  mother nature!"
 Then everybody looked at him. 
"Well!" said Washu as she looked up to Ron. "Who's this?"
Tenchi mange to break free from Ryouko and do a fast-walk up to Ron
while looking behind to see if Ryouko was following him, but only to
trip on the Two-fifty's rear tire and bump into Ron's chest as Ron
catch's him from falling down.
Tenchi looks up at the 74" inch tall (6'2") muscular man with his
reflection in Ron's sunglasses. Tenchi respectfully backs away, a little
uneased, and takes a light bow.
"Excuse me!" he said. "I'm sorry about that! My name is Tenchi  Masaki
and this is my...family! And you are?"
Ron study's Tenchi's words very carefully and before Tenchi was done
talking, the Japanese language came to him. However, he couldn't help
but to turn his head away and give a 'looking out' to the audience
look'!
"Tis this be the 'man' that killed the all powerful and mighty
Kagato???" he thinks to himself with his 'Irish accent'. " Oh, Bloody
Hell."
Ron looks around with his eyes then pulls out I.D. wallet again and
opens with ease.
"Ah...yes, my name is Ronan Masterson!" he said with his authoritative
voice again. "I'm with the Galaxy Police's Unit Three......"
As Ron once again explains his orders again with the help of Kiyone and
Mihoshi. Ryooki was walking around Two-fifty and sniffs the truck's
tires in coyly fashion. When she stops and sees something move under the
truck's spare tire. 
 "Well that is...quiet a background!" said Tenchi. "I didn't know the
Galaxy Police had more police on this planet other than Kiyone and
Mihoshi here."
"Well, thanks to the blessing that the Juran Empire gave us and the
other science communities, we are allowed to live on this world and make
reports and the daily life on this 'growing world' I'm just here to make
sure that the G.P. laws are kept up on this world and no contraband
runs."
"Can you take off your glasses, please!" said Washu.  "I would like see
your face better!"
"If you don't mind, I'II keep these on for now, Doctor...'Little Washu'
I believe that is the name you like!" said Ron in a respectful matter.
"My eyes are sore by your fireworks show!"
Washu just got all teary eyed  and a big grin came to her face!
"I've just known him for a few minutes and like him already!" she said.
"I've known about you longer!" he said to himself. 
"Ron!" cried out Two-fifty with alarm. "I just picked up something that
is  not of origin here, it's close and it is deadly!"
Ron jumps to a defense stand, pulls out his gun from his jacket with
lighting speed and scans the area. "Where?!" 
Everybody jumped back from Ron at his sudden change in personally.
Ryouko looked at Ron with sharp dangerous eyes.
"The 'threat' is under my frame!" said Two-fifty. "In the rear! It's
a...!"
Ron quickly looks under the truck with the gun...nothing! Then everyone
heard Ryooki's cries with fear in them.
 "No!" said Samami. "Ryoohki, watch out!"
Ron sees finally what it is! The big scorpion that 'hopped a ride' back 
in Key West finally came out of its hiding place behind the spare tire
and was threating the cabbet with it's poisonness tail just inches from
the cabbet's nose Ron does not  pause for second, he takes his boot and
comes down forcefully on the scorpion's body and with a light 'crunch'
meets it's demise! 
"Ryouko don't!" yells Kiyone.
All this time Ron's back was toward Ryouko and for all she can tell;
'Ron has just crushed Ryo-ohki!' She launched at Ron with a fury! Ron
saw her coming in the corner of his left eye and threw his gun on top of
the truck's bed cover! Ryouko slammed hard against his body, but he
never made a sound until he was against the ground, and Ryouko put him
in a 'restainer hold'!
"Hey!" demanded Ron as he was struggling against Ryouko! "Let go of me!
I just saved your cabbet life! That's all!"
"Bullshit!" yelled Ryouko in Ron's ear and then turns to the others. "I
saw you just stomp on her! How is she?!"
"Ryouko." said Sasami as she held up Ryo-ohki in her hands.
"Meow-meow!" said Ryo-ohki with a happy face. "Meow-meow, meow!"
"She said; 'I'm fine Ryouko!" said Two-fifty. "'And thank you
Ron!'"           	"Uh...your truck talks?" said Tenchi with a surprised
look on his face. 
"You've got a problem with that?" responded the truck in a quicker
lower  tone of voice.
"Yeah!" said Mihoshi. "Isn't it neat?! And she can understand Ryo-ohki
  too!"
"That's my girl!" said Ron with a voice that can be understood that he
was in some discomfort.
Ryouko looked at the whole thing with a puzzled expression. Then she
realized that she hasn't be able to tear Ron apart 'limb from limb' as
she could with her strength, but all she has been able to do was to hold
him down.
"Can I now be let go?!" asked Ron as he looked up at her.
"If you want to be free." said Ryouko seriously. "Earn it!"
Ron stops fighting with her and looks up at her calmly and says in his
cool voice. "As... you... wish!"
 Holding back no more, he uses his full super strength pushes his way up
with his left arm, knocks off Ryouko from his right which pushes her
away from him! With reflexes in a blur, he grabs the back part of her
shirt! With his right hand, just like a loop to a cowboy's lariat, spins
her a few times, and throws her straight into the air with a 'whipping'
sound! 
"Yiiiiiiahhhhh!" screams Ryouko as she zips into the air like a bullet
and disappears into the dark storm cloud.
Everyone looks at Ron with amazement at what he just did!
"And for your information!!" yells Ron up to the storm cloud. "I worked
hard to be a free man!"
"Hey!" said Tenchi to Kiyone. "Where did you say this guy was from?"
"Unit Three!" said Ron answering Tenchi. "Now was that Ryouko?"
"Yes!!" everyone answered with a serious tone.
 The actions of his 'abscise of mind' just settled in. Not only what he
did was  uncalled for because he knew other methods that were not so
dramatic, but also he just threw in front her, Wushu's only daughter up
in the air just like her rocket.  Ron Just looked at Washu with a scared
look.
"I'm sorry about that Doctor . " said Ron in a cool, clam yet, nervous
voice. " I didn't need to be..!"
" Oh don't worry! Happens all the time around here." said Washu with a
smile. "Your pretty strong though to take her like that! Where are from
again?"
"It does?" said Ron with a  now very confused face.	
Ron could clearly see that Washu was not angry at all. That was a relief
to him because of the things that he heard about that she can do. Death
would the light  job.  However, he didn't like the way he was being put
into a pinch with asking about 'where he is from'! 
Clear minded and clam, Kiyone steps in and takes over this situation
just as she has before other times.
"Washu!" she said as she turned to face her. "Captain Masterson said he
is from 'Unit Three' and they are not allowed to give out information
about themselves unless it is needed for there missions."
"Thank you, Kiyone!" said Ron. "That is correct and for now I will tell
you what you need to know. It is for your own safety and Kiyone's!"
"Safely!" thinks Ron to himself. "I almost forgot about Ryouko! Its
about time for her too..." 
Ron sees that Mihoshi is the closest to him.
 "Mishoshi? Come here please!" said Ron with haste.
She runs over to him, he starts taking off his jacket and pass it to
her.
He looks up at he cloud then notices that he is still wearing his sun
glasses.
"Oh yeah these!" he takes them off, hands her them then pushes far away
enough just as a huge two-ton bolder slams on top of him with a deafing
THUD!!
Ryouko lands on top of the rock with a smile of satisfaction.
"Ha!" she says in triumph. "What comes up must come down, only I do it
with interest!"
The shockwave knocks Mishosh and everybody else off there feet and
Two-fifty rocks on her springs back and fourth, but never says a word or
moves at all.
"Ryouko!" said Tenchi with a shocked face as runs up the bolder.
"Are you crazy, you dumbass!!" yells Kiyone up to Ryouko almost at a
scream level as she got up. "You just killed a cop!!" 
"Hey!" yell Ryouko back only not as loud. "He started it!"
"Actually Ryouko I think you started this whole thing by tackling him
first!"
said Wushu in a calm voice as she walks over and looks down to the
bottom of the boulder. "Well at least he's bury! We don't have to dig a
grave for this guy!"
Kiyone's face got red with anger and she could feel her blood boil in
her veins. She remembers the last time she took on Ryouko back when she
first came looking for Mihoshi and what end result was, but she did not
care at this moment. She grab's Ron's gun off the truck's cover. She was
caught off guard for a second at how much heavier his was compared to
her own standard issue laser gun and point's it at Ryouko. The laser
'target-pointer' scope turns on the 
 moment she touches the gun's trigger and the 'bright red dot' appears
on Ryouko's upper right chest section. Ryouko just glared at Kiyone with
a voice to match.
"Kiyone, you've got to be kidding me!" she said as she sees that this
was an 'earth type' gun. "That thing is a piece of history and you will
be soon if you don't drop that gun!"
"I don't care!" says Kiyone in her clam, yet demanding voice. "That man
came to protect me from harm and you just stomped him! 'You have the
right to...."
As this was going on Mihiosh was giving her impression of 'Niagara
Falls' (Ontario Falls that is.) with her tears as she sobs over Ron's
'death', when a voice comes behind her.
"Excuse me Mihoshi?" said the voice. "Can I have my sunglasses and coat
back?"
"Oh..oh sure!" she says as she gives the items to Ron without thinking.
Then just as hits her at what just happen she turns around fast to see
Ron putting his sunglasses on his face and yells at the top of her
lungs. "RON?!! Your alive?!!"
   	Everyone turns around at Mihoshi's words and a great shock comes to
all of them to see Ron standing behind them! Only he is a little banged
up and dirty after Ryouko's attack! Ryouko's mouth was wide open from
disbelief. Any wider and her lower jaw would be touching the boulder's
surface!  Ron uses right arm to hold himself up as he looks at his face.
His left arm that he use to push Mihoshi away was dislocated from his
shoulder!
"You look like shit after I ran over it." said Two-fifty in response to
Ron's appearance.
 Ron doesn't say a word as he walks up to the group and looks at Ryouko
straight in the eye, then turn's to Kiyone who is still holding his gun
at her. Ron carefully takes his right arm and slowly lowers the gun by
it's barrel!
"There is no need for that Kiyone!" said Ron in a calm voice and smiles
at her. "I'm all right... I've been through worst."
"How...." said Kiyone with a face crossed  between confused and a little
scared.  "How did you survive that?!"
"Never mind that!" said Ryouko. "How did get out of that?!"
Ron looks up at Ryouko with serious eyes now, walks over to the boulder,
touches with his right hand. Then without warning, slams his left arm
and shoulder against it just the right way to make it 'pop' back into
place not saying a word or letting out a cry.
Everyone in the group (except Ryouko who just looked at him closely)
churned as he performance this action!
Again he looked up at her without even one tear in his eyes and took a
deep breath.
" Simple. I dug my way out." he said. "How? Is my secret."
 The others run up to Ron and just stare at him.
"Something wrong?" he said. "Haven't you ever seen a man banged up
before?!"
"I have." said a clam voice from behind. 
 Once again everyone turned to the source to see Yousho walking out of
the gate with a smile on his face as he walks right up to Ron. "Well I
see we have company and who would you be now?"
"Captain Ronan Masterson of the Galaxy Police..." said Ron but Yousho
jumps in.
"Oh, your a policeman now?" said Yoshi as he looks over Ron's
appearance. " Himm, I see that your not uniform son and your wounds
should be looked after now. Please come I have Ayeka coming with the
needed supplies."
"That's not really necessary sir." said Ron while trying to stand
straight. "What I need is a shower if you don't mind."
 As Yoshi starts to lead Ron to the house, Two-fifty begins to follow
right behind them without the sound of it's engine 'noise'. Ron hears
the truck's tires on the road and just put he right hand out with the
signal to stop where it's at and it does so. Yoshi turns around as well
to the others.
"Washu if you please." giving the impression of asking her to follow
them. "As for the rest of you, please clean up this mess."
Yoshi turns back to Ron.
"It's been awhile." he said to Ron quietly. 
"Sorry, I haven't written in awhile." said Ron. "I have been...busy."
"I was told by Kiyone what happen to you and the others over Jura." said
Yoshi with a face with compassion. "I'm sorry. I wanted to meet all of
your people."
"Your majesty please, I have something I have to tell you about Kiyone
and me."
 "Enough." said Yoshi. "We will talk later."  	
Ayeka was waiting at the house.
"That monster!" said Ayeka in protest. "She will be in big trouble with
the police when they hear about this! I swear! I saw the whole thing
from the window!"
Ron was sitting on a chair in the kitchen as Washu dipped a cloth in
warm water from a bowl to start cleaning the blood and dirt of Ron's
face after taking of his sun glasses. 
"We'll just clean you up and..." said Washu as she stopped to notice
something about Ron's wounds. Next to the blood had already escaped from
his 'wounds', there wasn't any broken skin anywhere on his face. It had
completely healed up as if nothing ever happen to him. 
"Well a fast healer I see!" said Washu as she looked over him.
Ron doesn't say a word.
"Let's see that arm!" she said as she suddenly grabs his arm with a
jerk. 
Ron looked up at her not saying a word, opens and closes his hand and
raising arm up and down as if it was perfectly healed. It was!
"Yes... very fast." she said with a perplex look to her face
Ayeka just looks at Ron and he looks and smiles at her.
"Well that good." she said. But, Ryouko still had no right to that to do
that you!"
"Your highness. " said Ron. "I'am here to protect First Class, Kiyone.
Ryouko, I will let her action pass for now." 
Ayeka was a little suprised at Ron's words.
 "What?!" cried Ayeka.
"Well Ron, let me show you the shower is!" said Yoshi. 
Ron gets up and follows him down the hall as he puts his sunglasses back
on.
"Well, he is a strange one." said Ayeka as she pour the water down the
sink.
Washu doesn't say a word as she just stares at the dirty and blood stain
cloth.
 	"I think he's a curious one. I'll check this guy's background out!"
she thinks as looks at the cloth again. "Going to need a 'clean' DNA
sample I won't get anything with this."
***************************************************************************
Yoshi made Tenchi come back with one of  Ron's backpacks that had
clothes in it.  
A short time later Ron was setting down in the living room looking out
the window that looking down at the gate. He sees his Two-fifty helping
Tenchi getting Azaka unstuck from within a crown of a tree which he was
tossed into by Washu's experiment. He then sees Kiyone and Mihoish
walking toward the house talking to each other and caring there bags. He
takes his sunglasses off to focus on Kiyone more. He was waiting for
Yoshi to show up, so they could talk about why he was here and what was
going on and about how all these people ending up on this spot! Except
another voice called to his attention.
"Excuse me, Mr. Masterson?" said Sasami.
 Ron turns around just as notices he forgot to put his sunglasses back
on! He puts them back on quickly! 
Sasami just smiles and walks over to him and puts a tray that held on
pot of o-cha (honorable tea) and two cups on it.
"Yoshi will be here in a minute. " she said. 
"Thank you, your majesty. replied Ron with his head turned away.
Sasami looks at Ron closely.
"Sir?" she said. "You don't have to worry about me telling the others
who you really are. I haven't forgotten what you and Mr. Four said to me
all that time ago!"
Ron knew that he could no longer try to pretend to the little girl
anymore. He slowly took off the sunglasses from his battle-harden face!
Looked at the princess and smiled. Sasami innocently looked into his
eyes which still showed his human emotions well.
"Was kind of foolish of me to think the 'dark glasses' trick would work
on you." he said. "What did we say?"
"'A person is only good if they stick to the words they say they will.'"
she replied with a returning smile. " A promise is a promise."
Ron agreed with a nod.
"Mr. Masterson?" said Sasami. "I hope you don't mind me asking this, but
what was 'Four's' real name?"

"Phillipe." said Ron with his Irish tongue . "Phillipe Ponter'e!"
 "Oh." she said as she walked away with her head lower. " I miss him,
Mr. Five."
As she walked back into kitchen, Ron could tell she was upset.
"Sorry little one. I knew you liked him as a friend." he said to
himself. "And I know he liked you as well. You reminded him of his
little sister he once had."
Just then Kiyone and Mihoshi come walking through the door.
"We just have to put this stuff up stares for now." said Kiyone
referring to the bags. "Yoshi was talking to us and after explaining
everything again to him, he said; 'we are of course welcome to stay
especially after what Ryouko did to you.' How are feeling anyway?"
Ron stands up and stretches his arms. 
"Good enough to my job!" he said.
"Great!" said Mihoshi as she ran up the stairs. 
"Well uhmm..." said Kiyone as he stares at him as another flash of Dav
au' coming over her. "I will be with you soon."
As Kiyone walks up after Mishoshi, Ron follows her with his eyes.
"Take your time!" he yells up to her. 
He looks out the window at the gate again.
"Skit!" he thinks to himself. "Ah can 'feel' that she beginning to get
'flashbacks' it is only a matter of time before they get too strong for
her to just brush off! This is starting become too be dangerous for the
promise Ah made twenty-five years ago to her parents! Ah just need more
time God!"
 "Ronan." said Yoshi as he came walking in the room. "Would you please
come with me up to the shrine. We can talk up there in private, unless
you need to have Kiyone near-by you."
"No. I will come." he said. "I have a 'link' with her, so I know where
she is at all times."
"Very good." said Yoshi. "Come we have much to talk about and bring the
tea with you, please?"
Without even thinking, Ron picks up the pot and two cups and follows
Yoshi out the door.
Up stairs Ayeka comes down and looks at the two men as they walk to the
rock stair well with a little suspicion at what she just heard.  
     "So, I see that you have been increasing your practice in breathing
and mind control over injury and pain." said Yoshi. " I told you to do
so in our letters."
"I learn it from another member in 'Unit Three' who was a drill
instructor like me back at the Galaxy Police Academy. He once lived in
China as a solider. He called the practice "Ying Qigong"! However,  I
still wonder about the theory of  it    
of fighting against 'pain and injury'! Would you believe he made me hold
a small stack of bricks over my head and smashed them with a maul?!" 
Yoshi laughs outloud.
"Yes I would!" he said as he began to walk up the long rock stairwell.
Ron looks up with his eyes and follows the long path up toward the
shrine.
"I forgot how long this these stairs are!" he says as he follows. 

***************************************************************************
Back at the gate.
"I hope your happy at what you did!" scolded Tenchi at Ryouko.
She turned to Tenchi with an angry face.
"I'm not sorry!" she said back in harshness. "Don't care who he is! I
won't be treated like that!"
"So your saying that you can't take it as the same, even what you
sometimes do to others?"  asked Tenchi as he picked up the last of the
shattered wood from the gate and tossed it into a pile.
Ryouko turns to Tenchi with a hurt look on her face, but he doesn't give
any emotions or 'body talk' back to her. She then turns back at picking
up what remains of the gate's doors now just bearly hanging on to there
hinges, rips them off and sets them off next to the pile. She looks at
Tenchi with a plain face on flies off.   
*********************************************************************************************	
Later in the day as everyone was getting ready for dinner Kiyone was
looking around for Ron. She couldn't find Two-fifty either. She sees
Yoshi by the gate and goes out to ask him.
"Excuse me!" said Kiyone. But have you seen Ron by any chance? Last I
heard is that he was with you."
Yoshi explains to Kiyone that Ron is out setting 'seniors' around the
area
to help him keep an eye on things. They then see Ron walking up the road
with a empty back pack.
 "Well?" said Yoshi addressing Ron.
"There all set up." said Ron as he walked up to him. "With the help of
our friends here; the Guardians, Doctor Washu and Two-fifty, I can
safely say that this place is better scurried than a large fort!"
"Washu?" asked Kiyone. 
"Watch." said Ron as he spoke into the cellar phone. "All right Little
Washu, let rip!"
Suddenly a huge force shield shaped like a dome covers the whole house
as well as the mountain! Ron walks up to it and touches with his hand. A
small shock pushed him back.
"Nice job Little Washu!" exclaimed Ron. You can turn to off the
'Mishoshi-ship-crash-sheild' now!"
The force shield dies down.
"Thank you Yoshi for your help!" said Ron with a bow. "You just made my
job easier!"
 Within herself, Kiyone is just a little flatter at how much trouble
everyone was doing just to protect her. It made her feel little uneasy,
like she was helpless 
about protecting own herself, but it didn't really get to her. She just
really doesn't want anybody to get hurt over her. Then she remembered
why she also came out here for.
"I just wanted to say Samimi is just about to serve a really great
meal!" said Kiyone. So, if you two want to come..."
 " I think it's best I stay out here!" jumped in Ron. "After what happen
today with Ryouko, I don't want to upset this household anymore than I
have." 
Yousho turns to Ron with a understanding tone. 
"Please Ron come." he said. "It would hurt Sasami feelings if you didn't
show. Don't worry about Ryouko she won't doing anything as long as you
behave! I swear!"
"Fine with me." said Ron as he turned on his cellar phone again. "Wait!
I have to get Two-fifty back up here!"
"Where is Two-fifty anyway?" asked Kiyone as she looked around for the
truck.
"In the lake." said Yoshi. "Taking bath."
"Huh?" asked Kiyone with a raised eye brow. "IN?"

     
*************************************************************************
At the lake the light from evening sun was hitting the water. Ayeka just
came out to fetch Mihoshi from the "Yagami" Just as she was walking by
the edge of the water she notices something in it. A set of glowing
lights. As she looked closer at the water's surface. In a huge splash,
the truck Two-fifty comes out of the water and rolls and to the shore
with its wipers going! 
Ayeka jumps back with suprise at the whole thing!
"What?" she said as water splashed on her.
Two-fifty stops right by her and opens her door.
 "Sorry about that! said the truck from inside. "I was having trouble
getting out of the mud! Need a lift?"
Ayeka was not happy at being soaked by the 'bulky' machine.
"What were you doing down there?" she demanded.
"I was getting the crap off of me from the trip!" said Two-fifty. "Say
is that the remains of your ship down there?"
"Yes, what about it?" 
"Well I happen to have taken some 'shots' down there and I saw
something's you may want back, so if it pleases you, I will show the
photos."
Ayeka looks over the truck, then climbs in.
"That would be nice later on." said Ayeka. For now help me get
Misioshi."
After they pick up Mihoish, Two-fifty pulls up to the house. Kiyone and
the others meet them there.
As they go inside Ron stops Kiyone.
"I'm surprised you haven't confronted on this yet?" said Ron.
"What?"
"Why did I not tell you that it was me that hanged that boy from the
street lamp near your apartment?" 
"I read your orders, remember?" said Kiyone. "You have been 'active' for
over two days now and I know you did it to protect me and Mishoshi from
harm. I kind of wished I was informed about what was going before that
night happen, but we both know in our line of work, not everything goes
to plan."

 "What about the...bra?" asked Ron with a nervous tone. " I know that
was over done, however that guy had a very disturbing laugh!"
Kiyone gives him a smile back to comfort him.
"I wouldn't want to wear it after he had his sick hands on it! Ugh!"
*****************************************************************************
As the group ate dinner everyone was there except Ryouko. Ron soon
discovered that no one was surprised at this. He was careful to explain
where he was 'station' last.
"So what was that thing again?" said Sasami as Ryo-ohki as on her
shoulder.
"An emperor scorpion!" Ron explained. "They are quite common in Key
West, next to the fire ants. In most cases to a healthy human it's sting
could make you very ill."
He then reaches across and lightly pet's Ryo-ohki's head.
"To this little one. It could have killed her in a matter of minutes."
Ryo-ohki's ears shoot right up and a scared look comes to her face!
"I know Ryo-ohki was made by you Doctor Washu and perhaps you did put
something in her to fight such as thing as a poison, but I didn't want
to take such a chance!"
"Actually I did!" replied Washu with a grin. "I do appreciate what you
did though!" 
"It's my job." said Ron returning the grin. "I do wish we could have
avoided that whole thing! I do actually have respect for her!"
 "Respect?" Ayeka jumped in. "She was wanted by the House of Jura for
heinous crimes against Jura itself!"
Ron turns to Ayeka and in his cool and calm voice he said to the
princess in a respectful tone.
"That is correct your majesty! She 'was' and her debt to the damages is
has be paid. At least that is the Queen, your mother, explained to the
High Marshal, who then told me!"
"You work of the 'Galaxy Navy Armor Division' as well, correct?"
questioned Ayeka as her brow frowned at him and spoke bitterly. "Aren't
your superiors looking for Ryouko as well, now that she has resurfaced?"
"Yes they are." replied Ron as he took a sip of tea. "But for now
questions only! Now that we have fully understand that Ryouko was under
the control of Kagato in a 'slave solider format', 'which means she was
not in control of her own actions' they just what to make it official
that the blame is on Kagato himself! I will help her in this matter if
she wishes!"
"Blame it on a dead man, huh?" said Tenchi with a bit of coldness.
"That is sometimes the way it will go!"  said Ron who was a little
surprised at Tenchi's words. "Or...do you believe that even Kagato is
not responsible for all the... pain he caused over the years. After all
you were one of the last persons to see him alive!" 
 "No!" said Tenchi. "I just...I can't explain the angry emotions I feel
about him or the way he treated Ryouko or anybody else! Aww, he was a
shithead!"
 "I know he was." said Ron with compassion. "I do understand how you
feel, but, if your going to be great leader someday, you have to see
with your heart clearly!"
" I better go fine Ryouko!" said Tenchi as he got up and when out the
door.
Ron looked up at Ayeka.
"I'm see you didn't say anything about him  going to look for the
thief!"
"Did not want to upset him. Were you testing him?"
"Himmm." Ron nodded. "If I going to serve him! I must understand him!"
Ayeka noded with agreement.  She knew if Tenchi was to be king, he is
going to need support from other powerful groups in protecting the
Universe!
  
*************************************************************************************
As Ron goes out to check the area he is greeted by Tenchi's father as he
comes home late from work and explains what is going on.
As night falls Ron and Two-fifty move up to the gate's entrance where
Azaka and Kamidake are.
As he take's a seat on the ground leaning again the truck's front bumper
and grill as he picks where he left off in Hemway's book "Farewell to
arms!" Two-fifty plays 'Boston's Walk On' album, however just low enough
to hear the others singing on the Karoke machine back in the house.
Ryouko was the first to be singing.
In a joke sense, Ron thinks that Ryouko should sing for a 'heavy metal'
band back in the States. "She would do fine!"
After a while Kiyone come out to join him.  
 "Standing guard?" she asked as looked down on him with a smile.
"I heard you sing." said Ron looking up. "You do have a lovely voice, if
you don't minded me saying."
"Thanks!" she said.  "I used to be with a singing amphitheater group
back on planet, when I was small."
"Ah know. " said Ron to himself.
"Do you ever miss it? Your homeworld?" asked Ron as he got up. 
"Yeah, sometimes. It is kinda like this planet, but like every other
world it has its own trademarks." 
"Well you know..." he said as he pointed to the star filled sky toward
the -white-blue star in the Eastern section.  "That little light up
there is your sun's 'sister'!"
She looks with him and her smile returns.
" Everytime I looks up at night sky I think of that and how much I miss
it and traveling the galaxies seeing other worlds...!"
Her face now turns to frustration.
"Damn it!" she protests bearing her teeth and making a fist with her
right hand. "I didn't join the Galaxy Police to be a 'planet beat cop'
or a baby-sitter for Mihoshi!"
 "My grandfather said to me once; "'There are many great challenges you
will face in your long life, boy! It just depends at how you will face
them!'" said Ron. "Well, he just didn't say how many there were!"
Kiyone made a small giggle at his last remark.
"Yeah, but you never had Mishoish as a partner!" 
"True!" he replied with a upbeat tone. "And this just shows your
stronger than me because if I did! I would have shot myself by now!"
Kiyone stopped giggling and looked at him with her serious face.
"Were you trained by members of 'Team Fifteen' at the academy as well?" 
she asked.  "I remember one of them saying something like that to me
once! When she and I were cadets there!"
"Yeah I was." he said. "The 'Omega Unit' were my combatant teachers!
Damn were they unique! 'Warriors with magic' someone called them once!" 
Kiyone smiled returned again,  and pointed at him.
"Copycat!"
"Well it's true isn't, Kiyone? I know I would!" he said. "I remember
hearing from the Marshal, about the time you and Mishoshi were there!
Talk about raising a little hell!"
"Oh! I never forgive her on that day when 'Team Fifteen' 'Alpha Unit'
was teaching us how to use the 'riot control gas' and she quote by
accidentally unquote set off that 'puke' grenade in the class room and
everyone loss their whole lunch in the entire wing of the ship!" 

 "Ah won't forget that about that day ever!" said Ron to himself as he
has a flashback to the Academy. "Ah was wearing a 'full face' mask in
that class, without filters! At least it wasn't the Mexican food and
beer ah had a few nights before that mistake was done! Still what ah did
lose was an evil mix at best the second time around! Man, Ah stinked of
it!"
Kiyone was laughing so hard that happy tears came down her face!
"I been stuck with her almost my whole career! Shit!"
   	They both laugh into the night and soon Kiyone left him for bed.
In the early morning hours Ron finally turned in to rest, but as soon as
first light came, he was up to meet a truck from a near-by lumber yard.
By the time everyone was up, he was about to put up the last half of the
newly constructed gate. With some help by Two-fifty and the Guardians.
Tenchi's father greeted him with morning tea and was to the least
impressed at how the was able to do it overnight with out making too
much noise! As """ made his way toward his van his son meets him and
sees the new gate!
"He did that overnight?!" cried Tenchi. He couldn't believe at what he
was seeing. The new gate looked exactly like the old one before!
"Actually he said he started about five a.m.!" said Tenchi's dad. "He
made a few phone calls. With a little luck and cash, he found a great
lumber company that didn't ask questions. He also said; 'before he
became what he is today, he was a  ship's carpter!' "  


 As Tenchi's dad drove away,  Tenchi meet Ron as he was cleaning up his
work area!
"How did you pull this off?" asked Tenchi.
"I thought I told your father." replied Ron as he brushed off the saw
dust.
"No! I mean gate! said Tenchi. "It was dark and I don't remember hearing
a power saw or something!"
"Azka and Kimake helped with the cutting as well as the setting of the
gate, and Two-fifty did her part by moving the lumber and provided us
with the lights."
"It was nice to do something different for a change instead of standing
around!"
Ron began to load some unused lumber in the back of Two-fifty's bed.
"Say Tenchi, with your father permission I'm going to make up a shooting
range to practice 'mark's-man' skills along with Kiyone and Mishoish! on
the other side of the field where those two sometimes work out. You are
of course more than welcome to join us if you want! After I get cleaned
up!" 
Tenchi like the idea of learning something different for a change.  
**********************************************************************************************
   	Later on as the two of them drove in the truck and went between the
house and the lake, Ron looks over and see the ship 'Yagami', sitting as
the sun light shines off it.

"That is beautiful, isn't?" said Ron about the ship.
 "Yeah!" said Tenchi as he looked over as well. "I'm glad Doctor Washu
is able to hide it with a 'cloaking device', starting from about ten
feet at the top of the ship! Or we would have people knocking down the
gate all the time!"
In a short time Ron was done making the targets up for the range. Tenchi
went back to house to get something. So he was alone, but not for long.
He spotted Kiyone coming up the trail. She was dressed in her workout
clothes and caring a towel on her shoulder!
"Good morning!" she said in her language with a smile. "I saw the gate!
Nice job!"
"Thank you!" said Ron speaking in hers in respect, as he walked up to
her. "I believe last night, you said you wanted some target practice?" 
"You got it!" she said. "I can't practice in back where Mishoshi and I
live, so this is the only chance I get! But, I think we should wait for
the others! So how about you and me?" Hand -to-hand or maybe contact,
Captain? To kill the time!"
Ron wasn't too sure about Kiyone's innovation, but he knows he can't act
like he is so obvious at hiding something! He also knows too well that
Kiyone is not an idiot!
"Ok." he said as he rolled out the work out mat from it's protective
cover, pulled tightly on his T-shirt's sleeves and took off his weapon's
belt!
As the two of them got into a 'ready position' at each end of the mat,
Kiyone holds up a finger at him.
"No 'Chi breakers'!"  she said. " You know 'Thundercloud'!"
"I don't do those in practice sessions!" said Ron.
 "I know...I think!" said Kiyone to herself.
 With both of their razor sharp instincts now engaged, they start off
with several 'hand-to-hand' block moves, each one they threw at each
other, they block everyone almost with smooth clock work! Soon they
concentrated there moves more tightly. Kiyone threw sharp backhand, Ron
block it and they push each other away to the other end of the mat!
They  don't say a word to each other. Just there minds race fast as well
as there breathing!
"Damn!" said Kiyone. "This is too scary! These moves I used on other
people and most of the time I make contact with other parts of the body
by now! He got them all! Including that backhand! 'Five' taught that
backhand in such away that nobody including the master teacher got
that!"
She looks into his eyes once more and focus on them hard! 
"Alright! Enough of this game!" she continue on to herself. "I don't
like mysteries and I don't forget eyes!"
"Skit!" She knows!" thinks Ron. " Ah can feel it!"
Kiyone leaped out at Ron with her battle cry! Did a flip in front of him
and tried to do a 'upper cut' with her feet, which he blocked with an
arm, then did a 'drop spin' to do a low kick at her head! She dodged it
by an inch and zipped right up to him! They did a 'body-lock' on each
other! Ron was trying not to use his full strength or he will damage
Kiyone's human body! Both of them are now getting close to be in a 'heat
of battle' stage!
 Ron pushes her away to clam each other down, but Kiyone leap over him
in a flip, and grabbed him from behind in a 'lock-hold' position! He
quickly broke free, grab her and did a 'over the shoulder' on her! A
combo of her fast reflexes and Ron's state of being over cautions with
her, she was able to make him trip  and  make him come down to the mat
face up with a slam! 
Before Ron could act to block!  In less than two seconds, Kiyone quickly
put her hands over his face in way that only his eyes could be seen and
for the icing on the cake she pulled up Ron's left sleeve to show his
tattoo of him as 'Number Five' of 'Team Fifteen'! 
Kiyone can feel her heart skip a few beats, then she pushes herself away
and rolls from him by a couple feet!
"Holy...." said Kiyone catching her breath as her face showed
bewilderment. "Goddess!, It can't be you! It  just can't  be! You're
dead! 'Number Five' of 'Team Fifteen!' 'The attack strategist as well as
the weapons specialist of the team!' My combat tactical teacher from the
Police Academy?!"
Ron just plainly stares at her!
" I saw what they said was your blacken bones!" she continued on. "The
wreak of the shuttle! The 'Aria'!  What was left of it that is!"
Ron just breath's normal and looks at her with a now worried look in his
eyes!
"You saw that?" asked Ron.  "Where?"
"A close friend of yours suck me in the hanger at H.Q. one night!" said
Kiyone! "The Juaran! The one called 'Yundui'!"
 "Yundui?!" said Ron softy as he looked up to the blue sky. "Sorry that
you were lied to my Jaran friend!"
"I never told anybody that!" cried Kiyone as she stood up and looked
down on him! "Your not him! You can't be, but something in my head or my
heart is telling me that you are...you! Ever sense yesterday! Why?"
She covers her face for a few seconds, trying to not show how upset she
was at him. She turns to him with a very angry face, and a matching
voice at him.
"Pop quiz Number Five! If you are him that is!" she said as he pointed a
finger at him. "Back at the Academy! I was an upperclassman in my second
year! I had come to you with a question about the subject of disguises
that I had to read about in a book for police science class! I took
advantage of the offer you made of coming to you anytime about anything
with police work! I asked you about what book other than the one that
was given to us! If you knew anything about  women doing undercover work
in a man's world!" she took a quick deep breath. "Where were you at this
time of this question, what line of the book did you say and the
titles!"
She snaps her fingers at Ron because the way he now was giving her a
blank look! 
"Boy when she does finally does get a fur up her ass, she will be
angry!" though Ron to himself. "Her father was right at what he said;
'She has great self-control that is both rare and remarkable which she
gets from her mother's side, but when she gets angry! Look out!'"
Then a phase's comes to him in his mind!
 "'Hell have no fury, un like a woman who has been scorn!'"
  	"Well?!!" she says with a sharp tongue!
"Yep!" he still thinks to himself. "Shakespeare was right! Right now Ah
should be bawling her out for yelling at me. The Officer! Ahhhhh Skit!
Ah can't blame her for this! Let's keep moving on, and don't blow it
your getting close now to your real goal Ron!"
Ron sighs at her demanded!
"You found me in one of the biosphere's! The main one, in the middle of
the Academy!" said Ron with a normal voice. "I was still dressed in full
tactical uniform gear, and leaning beside a big tree! I was also
listening to a band called, 'Deep Purple' who where playing the song
'Child in Time' from a 'boom box'! You heard it before! When you asked
me that question, my reply was; "If music be the food of love, play on!"
When you said; "Excuse me sir?" I got up, and took a book out of my
backpack and gave it to you! It was a 'special' book because it was in
writing from your homeworld! It was about a famous writer from Earth
called..."
" Book Number Three of the great writers of the Earth called; William
Shakespeare!" said Kiyone with a dry mouth. "'The Twelfth Night'!"
"'Or, What you will.'" Ron added on.
"How...how did you know that one book would help me aced the paper and
the test?" asked Kiyone with an appropriate confused look. " I never
asked you this!"
"A good teacher somehow knows what the student will be looking for, long
before they ask!"
 Kiyone's instincts are kicking in high gear now, however, they are
giving her mixed messages. She still just can't swallow this!
"Last one, sir!" she says as she returns to her clam self. Only the real
Number Five would know this! Your words; "You have your mother's
eyes..."
"'I know your father well, don't let me down!'" he again added on to her
words. "'My...name is Number Five! Don't forget!'"
 At last, Kiyone calmly took it all in, yet she felt pain in her right
chest somehow!
Ron gets up and looks down at her with a compassion yet serious face.
"Let's be blunt!" he says. "I was brought here to you on a 'Omega Level
Order'! That is high and also very strange! Because you know as well as
I do that you are not important enough to have the this 'order' on you
for a hit-man! I'm sorry! But, there has to be a better reason or
something to bring us together like this! I can't tell you why I'm still
alive, that is still classified information, you know! However, it
doesn't hurt to do your own snooping! Hint! Hint!"
Kiyone looks at Ron with a face that best says; "Are you kidding?!"
"You trusted Five when he was alive! Now will you trust Ron?"
Both Kiyone and Ron here the voices of Tenchi, Ryouko and Mishishi
coming up the trail!
"Don't tell the others what you have just learn now! Remember your are a
police officer Kiyone and you know your duty and honor toward the order
of 'Omega'!"
 Ron walked away from her to greet the others as they appeared.
 Kiyone was now every distressed at this whole thing! 
"What can I do? I have to obey the Captain! "My honor, my duty demands
it! But perhaps at the cost of my best friends...maybe one of there
lives?!"
*************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************Rodin:Part
Three***************************************                                                     
*******************************"Children of the
Gods"************************************

Rodin: Part Two: "Purgatory" by C.D. Powers. "The Drifter"   
Thanks to Lane K. for his help.*
Disclamer: The characters from the Tenchi Universe are copyrighted by
the Poineer and AIC company. All rights reserved.
The bands names and music are copyrighted by their record companies. All
rights reserved!

My Characters: Ronan Masterson, Team Fifteen members and Two-fifty are
copyrighted. Any real names or likeness is purely coincidence! All
rights reserved! 
I'm not making any profit off of this at all. This is for the enjoyment
of writing.
