No Need for Humans I
By : SStormtrooper

You can contact Me via : SStormtrooper@Hotmail.com

Chapter 1 : An Ultra Marine Falls Into the Land of
Stars
=======================================================

*The war isn't going well. Four years of fighting and
nothing to show for it but 40 million dead bodies.
Colonies blown to hell and back, countless fighter
squadrons destroyed, cruisers wreaked, and all sorts of
other crap. And now, I out here on patrol checking my
asshole to make sure no Jurains are sneaking up there,
this sucks.*

Joseph Ruthenburg relaxed into the seat of his space
fighter. He raked his eyes over the cockpit displays
and settled into his patrol route. His fighter's
autopilot system put the craft into a 22 degree
starboard roll and turned to the long leg of patrol
route and then straightened out before continuing on
its new course.

*Humans fighting the Jurians. What the hell is that all
about ? Coming into our space, lecturing to our leaders
about the backwards of our race, our 'immorality', the
weaknesses of our leaders, the flaws of our
government... 'You  will become valued members of the
Jurian Empire.' What a bunch of shit. We had every
right to attack. They provoked us into declaring war.
We could not know, there was no way we could have
known... about their little secret. Hell, the ship is
running without proper ID codes, and they opened fire
on OUR forces. The first blood was on their hands.
Course, that little girl couldn't have known what the
7th fleet was doing in that system, but what the hell
is up with giving 17 year old princesses command of
battlecruisers ?*

A light blinked on the starfighter's control panel, and
the computer began beeping for his attention.
Ruthenburg leaned forward and activated the
communications system to receive the incoming message.

"This is the Coalition Carrier Ares to all patrolling
starfighters, we have detected a Jurian battlecruiser
located in star quadrant 50i approx. 500,000,000
kilometers from our present position. Break off patrol
duties and return to the carrier immediately."

Joseph Ruthenburg activated the cockpit radio with
his free hand, "This is Starfighter 01 Beta to Carrier,
message has been received, heading back to your
position."

"We copy fighter 01 Beta, Keep this channel open for
further reports."

"Roger control. Computer, shift navigational point to
current position of home carrier, set auto-pilot, best
possible speed." After relaying the rest of his
commands to the computer, Joe checks his spacesuit's
seals to make sure they are all functioning. There were
many horror stories about pilots with suit ruptures
that had been sucked into open space through the
rupture when their cockpits decompressed. Two years of
warfare with the Jurains had made everyone in the
Coalition very cautious. Cautious people were the only
ones left in the military. Careless people usually
didn't survive to see a soldier of Jurai face to face.

"Computer, estimate time to carrier interception."

'Estimated time to carrier arrival is 40 minutes.'
replayed the cockpit computer to a toneless female
voice. Although the current computer voice was devoid
of all expression, it was preferable to previous
attempts by the scientists to make the computer systems
more 'user friendly'.

Time passed slowly in the cockpit of Joe's starfighter.
A recent news report resurfaced in Joe's memory.
Several weeks ago, he heard that Princess Aeka, heir to
the throne of Jurai, and the A-1 class criminal Ryoko
had been reported missing. Aeka, had disappeared while
on a journey to meet with a special suitor on some far
off planet. Ryoko had been running from the GP when she
too disappeared along with the officer that was
trailing her. Since then, little information had been
received about either of them. Some of the generals in
the high command were worried about this development,
if the Princess was not found, the Emperor of Jurai
might come to the conclusion that she had been captured
or killed by the humans, and add that offense to
humanities' list of 'crimes' against the Jurain people.
Earth would really be in it deep then. The war of
retribution would become a war of vengeance and Joe
doubted the emperor would stop until humanity had been
wiped from the stars. Well, no matter, if the Emperor
wanted to play hard ball, Joe Ruthenburg, ace pilot
would defeat him and reclaim all of what the Coalition
had lost. Joe chuckled to himself inside the bulky
spacesuit. As a child he had had fantasies of becoming
a great pilot, or a famous hyperball player, or
pleasing his parents by performing wondrous academic
achievements. Now he was fighting for their lives, and
by the look of things, he wasn't doing a very good job.

After half and hour of boredom and a few unpleasant
moments of urinating into a plastic tube, the
navigational computer alerted Joe that the carrier was
within visual range. The C.S.S. Ares was a magnificent
ship, a marvel of human ingenuity and technology. She
was half a mile long, 2000 ft wide and her internal
storage bays could carry enough supplies to take the
ship and the men and women aboard it to the rim of
space and back. The materials used to construct her had
to be mined from asteroids, the amount of raw materials
needed would have depleted a planet twice as large as
Earth. Joe stared proudly at the huge ship. He had been
aboard her for 7 months now and loved his new post. The
humming of the ship's systems helped him sleep, and the
sound of thousands of people talking across the ship
eased his loneliness at times.

Now, the great ship was flanked by several of her
smaller escorts which made up the 14th Reserve Fleet.
The C.S.S. Ares was deemed so capable by the High
Command she didn't have any of the support vessels that
usually accompanied Coalition StarCarriers. The Ares
stood always stood alone against the forces of Jurai.
The 14th Reserve Fleet had done fairly well for itself.
They had destroyed 4 Jurain Heavy Cruisers and 16
smaller vessels in the 6 weeks they had been on patrol.
Their current mission had been to find a route through
the Muterian Nubela safe enough to establish a convoy
route through quadrant 49. It was dangerous work. This
sector of space was used widely by Jurian resupply
vessels and patrolled frequently by the Galaxy Police.
Since the GP wanted to maintain their good relations
with Jurai, they had started to take offensive actions
against the Coalition in the recent months. It seemed
everyone was turning against the human race. Only the
Cathoons, a strange race of catlike beings had allied
themselves with the humans. Apparently, they had a lot
of bad blood between them and the Jurains and were
taking the opportunity to repay them for past
grievances.

Suddenly, a voice over the comlink shook Joe out of his
reverie. "This is control to all fighters, the target
has been confirmed, Jurain Battle Group sighted in
Quadrant 50i. Flagship is a royal family battlecruiser.
The ship belongs to a member of the upper house of
Jurai. Assume enemy to be a class one threat. Fighters
are free to engage, usage of cluster munitions has been
authorized. Good Hunting."

Joe grabbed the control column and swung his fighter
towards the enemy battle group. The computer started to
feed targeting data into his HUD display. He looked
over the controls and began one last system check.
"Computer, master arm off, engage ACM (ACM technology
exists now. It is simply a radar mode that scans the
space in front of a fighter and locks on to the closest
target. Range is rather limited so this radar mode is
used only used for close range confrontations.),
activate defense systems, bring RCS on-line, bring
reactor under flux control."

The two groups of enemy fighters began to close in on
one another. The Jurain battle group resembled a
collection of wooden carvings moving through space. The
light from distant stars glinted of the metal hulls of
the human ships, making them shine like newly minted
coins. The human fighters began to maneuver 'up'
towards the incoming Jurian ships. Frantic shouts began
to fly over the radio as the two sides began to engage
in battle. 

"I've got two trees on my tail!"

"Starfighter 01 break left!!"

"Fucking tree is turning with me."

"Alpha leader ejec...... BOOM!!!!!!!!" Static filled
the communications frequency for a moment.

"I can't shake em, I can't shake em"

"STARFIGHTER 01 BREAK LEFT NOW!!!"

In front of Joe's cockpit a lone star fury is screaming
away from two Jurian fighters which are closely
following him. The pilot was trying to pull away from
his pursuers by slamming his fighter into full
afterburner. He was slowly pulling away from the
pursuing fighters but their weapon blasts were coming
closer and closer to him.

"STARFIGHTER BREAK LEFT YOU'RE GONNA DIE!!"

Instantly, on cue, all the human fighters in Joe's
immediate area pulled High-G left turns and starting
diving away from imaginary or real pursuers. Seeing a
Jurian fighter that had gotten separated from the main
force, Joe fired his navigational thrusters and slid in
behind the Jurian craft. He corrected for the other
craft's slight jinking maneuvers and fired a burst of
plasma bolts at the turning fighter. The energy from
the impact caused the Jurain fighter to explode into a
million fiery chunks of organic material. Joe banked
right and began searching for another target. The
chatter on the radio told him the fight was still
roughly an even match. The Jurains had destroyed 13
human fighters while losing 10 of their own. The two
capital ships and their escorts were slowly closing in
on each other. The crew of the Ares was rapidly
shouting different orders over the radio to their
escorting fighters and the various support vessels in
the battle group.

"Cruiser Toluene, turn 16 degrees to port and line up
with the destroyer Pavilion, C.S.S. Hermes launch all
fighters immediately and have them support 4th
squadron. Remaining members of 7th squadron, break off
combat and head back to Home Base for resupply."

"BRIDGE, THIS IS SENSOR ROOM, WE READ 2 JURAIN
BATTLECRUISERS JOINING THE IMPERIAL VESSEL FROM
HYPERSPACE."

"Sensors please confirm that report. Weapons, bring all
forward batteries to ready status. Prepare Star Flash
Missile System for launch."

"Weapons copies bridge. All forward batteries report
ready, Star Flash system will be on-line in 45 seconds.
Targets ?"

"Target the Jurain Royal Family Battlecrusier."

"Confirmed, Royal Family vessel targeted, computing
firing solution."

"BRIDGE, SENSOR ROOM. CONFIRMED CAPTAIN, TWO JURAIN
BATTLECRUISERS HAVE JUST JUMPED OUT OF HYPERSPACE AND
ARE LOCKING ON TO US CAPTAIN!"

"Weapons do you have that firing solution yet ?"

"Royal Family vessel has been targeted, firing solution
is confirmed, missile internal computer is tracking the
target."

"Fire when ready."

"Yes sir... Firing in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... launch
commit, 2 missiles away. Missiles are tracking the
targets, estimating 1 minute until target.

Two missiles blasted out of their launch tubes in the
sides of the C.S.S. Ares and began ripping through the
space separating the Ares and the Jurain fleet. The
missiles flew straight and true, impacting on both
sides of the Royal Family vessel. The twin explosions,
like bright cherry blossoms, ripped through the ship's
superstructure and tore off the hull plates on the
other side. The Jurian vessel was gutted, it started to
list along its y-axis, spewing its guts into open
space.

Cheers broke all over the C.S.S. Ares and inside of the
cockpits of her fighters. Joe was faintly aware of
yelling at the top of his lungs along with a multitude
of others. A loud yell broke through the radio chatter
to deliver its message.

"BRIDGE... SENSOR ROOM, JURIAN BATTLECRUISERS HAVE
LOCKED ON TO US. FOUR.... CORRECTION SIX ADDITIONAL
BATTLECRUISERS HEADING TO OUR POSITION FROM QUADRANT
48I, ETA 5 MINUTES."

"Sensor room, began tracking the new contacts until
they jump out of hyperspace. Weapons, target the
remaining cruisers and await my command." On the
Defensive System's monitor, several red lights began to
blink, begging the overworked crewman manning the
station for attention. The young officer paled when he
looked at the source of the problem.

"MISSILE! MISSILE! MISSILE! The Jurain ships have
launched long-range missiles at us. Counting... 10 type
62 Fire Dragon missiles heading toward us. Missiles
have acquired and are homing on our position.

The fighters surrounding the Ares began to distance
themselves from the Carrier, trying to get out of the
missile's blast radius to avoid being crippled when the
missiles hit. Joe angled his fighter towards one of the
surviving Jurian fighters and began pursuit.

On board the Ares, the Captain was shouting commands at
the crew, preparing the ship for the missile attack.
"Man your defensive stations! Sensors, get me more
information on those incoming missiles. Weapons, arm
Star Point missile defense guns. Divert power from
Hyperspace engines to weapons. Sensors, give me data on
those missiles!"

"Missiles are still tracking, MBC reads 30 seconds
until impact sir."

"Helm, begin evasive maneuvers. Defense, prepare to
release countermeasures on my mark. Sound collision
alarms, get the crew away from the outer hull in case
of a breach." The crew leapt to obey.

The great ship began to spin counter-clockwise and
accelerate at a -5 degree pitch relative to the center
position of the nearest star. (Since there is no up or
down in space, the easiest way of relating position
data to a starship's control computer would be to
compare the ship's position to all nearby objects when
the computer first comes on-line. Then, either based on
pre-programmed data, or the computer's own
interpretation, 'up' would be defined as a certain
direction , and all following maneuvers would be based
on the first definition of direction by the navigation
computer. The positions of distant objects would be
plotted on a three dimensional graph [x,y,z]. The map
would extend as far as maximum sensor range. You can
imagine the problems that would be created if the
navigation computer were to be damaged or the
information lost.) The 4 giant Magma fusion engines
accelerated it to its top sublight speed of 400,000
kph.

"Missiles have begun final acceleration, impact in 6
seconds."

"Helm, break hard to port, release starboard
countermeasures now now now!"

Several thousand pounds of sensor jamming materials
were ejected out of the right side of the ship as the
maneuvering thrusters fired and kicked the ship into a
tight left turn. 7 of the Jurian missiles were confused
by the countermeasures and either continued to
accelerate forward or they turned into the large cloud
of metallic chaff. The remaining three missiles turned
with the Ares and impacted the ship just under the
engine housing and engineering section. The Lower
Fusion engine immediately started its emergency
shutdown cycle and damaged pump lines began spewing
coolant liquids and hydraulic fluid into space. Several
million liters had been lost before the automatic
safeties kicked in. The entire engineering section lost
power for one or two seconds before the electrical
system could compensate for massive shorts in the
ship's power grid.

A crew of engineers were killed when the coolant line
they maintained ruptured and covered them with reactor
coolant that had been superheated to 4.0x10^5 degrees
C. The hanger bays lost control of the mechanical door
systems and the fighters that were still stored there
were ripped to shreds with shrapnel from the resulting
explosions flew through the open hanger doors. Without
coolant, the Fusion reactor went into the Emergency
Cooling Cycle and a 7 minute timer started counting
down. The surviving engineers knew the ship would not
have main power for 7 minutes while the reactor cooled
to a safe level. Secondary explosions along the
underside of the ventral hull blew computer boards and
melted whole sections of the computer core. Surge
protectors blew out in spectacular displays of
electrical energy. Without computer control, the
mechanisms controlling the hyperspace engines began to
go through their pre-heat cycle. A hull breach in the
forward control room had killed everyone in the
hyperspace drive section and prevented any action from
being taken in the first few minutes to prevent the
build-up of energy.

The bridge was a mess. Bits and pieces of debris had
been blown everywhere. 4 crewmen had been splattered
when a conduit exploded as their mag-lift car had
arrived on the bridge. The remaining crewmen climbed
back into their seats and assessed the damage to the
ship. "Commander, damage report."

"Captain, we have lost main power. The core is in the
emergency cooling cycle. Fighter bays 1, 3, and 4 are
unable to launch or recover spacefighters. The computer
system has suffered massive damage and our hyperspace
engines have been damaged. In addition there are heavy
causality reports coming in from all over the ship. We
have hull breaches in 13 different locations along the
starboard ventral hull.

"Captain, sensors reports the 6 additional Jurain
battlecruisers are 30 seconds from their subspace entry
point."

"Captain, I can't get any word from engineering."

"There is a hull breach in section 11A, we are venting
drive plasma."

"Fighter wing #4 has been completely destroyed."

"Sir, Reports coming in from our escorts. The
Invincible has been lost with all hands. The Hermes has
been heavily damaged and cannot move under her own
power. The Pavilion is moving along side to assist, she
has also taken a hit to her fighter bay. Her captain
reports 45% combat effectiveness."

The Captain of the Ares took a deep breath. He looked
at the tactical screen for a moment noting the
positions of the Jurain ships. They were organizing
their forces into a battle group. Probably the Imperial
Guard formation. They would form an assault line and
close in for the kill. Without launch capability, the
ship was defenseless and they could not retreat until
the hyperspace engines had been repaired. Fear raced
through the captain as he considered his few remaining
options. Stand his ground and be destroyed or... *No, I
can't do that. Earth would be lost. The entire Universe
would unite against us.* Some medics arrived on the
bridge to treat the wounded that hadn't been moved off
the bridge. They went over to a female ensign that had
collapsed against a bulkhead in the rear area of the
bridge. They quickly rolled her body onto a stretcher
they had carried with them. One of the medics put a
hand over his mouth before reaching for a blanket and
placing it over her upper body. The other medic went
over to where she had been laying and began wiping
something off the floor with a blood soaked piece of
cloth.

*If I do not use them, 15000 more humans will end up
like her. If I do, 10 billion might die in the witch
hunt that would follow.* The voices of the men and
women he commanded seemed to call out to him. They
spoke of revenge, their desire for life. The captain
let out a tense breath, he knew that fulfilling their
wish, winning a victory using those methods, would
prolong this war and might be the action that ends the
human race. He silently fought with his inner emotions
while the crew rushed about him to repair the ship.

"Captain, Sensors. Enemy ships are regrouping into
Imperial Guard formation. Second wave of Jurian
battlecruisers are 10 seconds from subspace entry
point."

*There it is. They closing in to kill us.* The captain
reached for a silver key hanging around his neck. The
bridge crew stared at him with disbelieving eyes as he
took the key and placed it in the console next to his
chair. "This is the Captain to weapons control, As
captain of this ship, I am authorizing the use of
anti-matter weapons. Release code is Dragon Sword. I
repeat, code is Dragon Sword. Confirm missile system
readiness."

A disembodied voice from the ship's intercom replied,
"Code confirmed. The AMMS is fully operational. What
are the targets ?"

"The estimated subspace jump point of the incoming
Jurain fleet and the two remaining cruisers."

"Targets identified and targeted. The computer is
tracking the targets. Firing code ?"

"The firing code is Silver Dagger." The captain placed
his hand on the fingerprint scanner underneath the key
slot and the computer performed a retina scan.
Satisfied with the results, the computer flashed the
words 'ID Accepted' on the missile controller's screen

"Code confirmed, ID Check is positive. Missiles are
primed and in active tracking mode. 10 seconds until
launch readiness."

"Clear the bridge." called the captain. All
non-essential personnel began to leave the tense bridge
as the captain sat down in his chair. "Communications,
warn our surviving starfighters to clear the blast
area."

"Yesss sir." The young female Lt. begins to order Joe
and the other surviving fighters away from the Jurian
ships.

"5 seconds until missile launch, 3... 2... 1... launch
commit." The Lt. Commander in the missile control room
depresses the red firing buttons under the control
boards for missiles # 1,2,3, and 4. The silos
containing the missiles fill with a nitrogen gas
solution until the pressure inside the missile bay
reached 5000 psi. The launch hatches are blasted off
and a catalyst is mixed with the hydrogen gas causing
the missiles to be ejected out of their launch tubes at
100 m/s (meters a second). 0.55 seconds after launch,
the missile's solid fuel engine ignites and propels the
missile at its selected target at 1/20th the speed of
light. When it entered its final approach range, the
computer fires a kick motor that separates the warhead
and its final stage engine from the second stage
propulsion unit. The final stage liquid fuel engine
ignites and propels the missile towards its target at
its terminal velocity of 1/15th the speed of light. At
1,000,000k from target the matter-antimatter warhead
arms and the computer cuts the engine to conserve fuel
in case of a miss. (If the missile misses [not likely]
the proximity sensor will detonate the missile or the
engine will be relighted and the missile will circle
around and track its target again)

The Jurian defensive computers tracked four targets
heading towards their positions at incredible speed. By
the time the missiles had been detected, their approach
and range calculated, and the operator warned, they had
already reached their final approach range. The two
Jurian battlecruiser began to lurch to the left in a
desperate attempt to dodge the four incoming missiles.
The Human built missiles easily corrected for the
changing positions of the Jurian ships. The
ferro-titianum nose cones punched holes in the outer
hulls of the two battlecruisers and the missiles cut
through several decks before the warheads exploded,
vaporizing the two ships and creating a light brighter
than a supernova.

The shock wave from the explosion begins to travel away
from the impact point. The Jurian reinforcements jump
into normal space just as the shock wave passes through
that area of space. The six mighty vessels are ripped
to pieces by the massive forces released by the four
1-Gigaton warheads. Shock waves reach through the
emptiness of space, ripping apart Jurain starfighters
and crushing smaller pieces of debris as they float
through the void. The shockwaves dissipate a mere
100,000 kilometers from the C.S.S. Ares and the
surviving human ships. 

Inside Joe Ruthenberg's fighter... all the lights were
out. No lights, no instrument readings, no status
monitors, nothing. Not even the Jesus light was on. (In
space the Jesus light is the light that means the area
is pressurized and intact <no leaks>.) The only light
in the cockpit came from the tiny status light inside
his spacesuit. Relieved that the suit was still intact,
Joe began fumbling around the cockpit, looking for the
emergency power switch. He found the small switch
located under the seat and flipped it. One of his
computer monitors lit up and a small green dot focused
in the center.

"Well, at least it booted up." (When the space shuttle
was invented, computers were still in their infancy. On
board an actual space shuttle, the presence of this
light means the NAV computer has booted and is waiting
instructions. At this point, the machine doesn't even
know its a computer. All information and data needed
for flight control must be inputted from this point. In
Joe's fighter, this screen is the display for the main
computer when the fighter is in a low power situation.)
Joe called up damage data for his fighter and gazed at
the tables. He activated the emergency generator.
*Hmmm.... 30 minutes until reactor restart......* 

On board the Ares the EMP waves from the four
anti-matter bombs passed through the ship impacting on
all over the ship's electrical systems. Inside
engineering the fusion reactor's loop began to expand
as the system restarted the reaction process. The EMP
field passing through the ships destroyed the circuits
that controlled the core's reaction process. Without
any engineers in the section to control the reaction,
the reactor began to increase the conversion process
unchecked. When the capacitors being charged by the
reactor filled with energy, the emergency power relays
began feeding power into the ship's largest energy
storage unit, the hyperspace generators. The massive
power dump filled the capacitors in a few seconds. With
a power spike imminent, the computer started the
pre-heat sequence on the hyper engines to shunt off
some of the power. After the pre-heat sequence had been
completed, and the power input still increasing, the
automated program continued, initializing the jump
matrix and forming a jump point.

The Captain of the Ares gathered himself of the floor
and began shouting out commands. "Get me a damage
report now! Sensors, what happened to those ships?"

"Captain, sensors are off-line. The long-range sensor
dish has been damaged. I recommend sending some
starfighters to determine the result of our attack."

"Very well. Communications, order some starfighters to
inspect the enemy fleet."

"Sir, we have lost all primary communications systems.
Our short-range systems are limited to 100,000k. We
will not be able to communicate with our fighters after
they have departed."

"Understood. Send them on their way. Continue with
damage report."

"Captain this is the doctor, we have a serious problem
captain."

"What is it Doctor ?"

"We have a serious coolant leak in the secondary hull.
The emergency bulkheads cannot close cause' the power
gird in this section has been completely destroyed.
Toxic gas has completely cut us off from engineering
and is moving forward into the surrounding sections of
the ship!"

"Ahhhh..."

"CAPTAIN, ENGINEERING. SIR WE HAVE A MAJOR PROBLEM IN
HERE!" The sound of burning material is heard in the
background along with the hissing of a coolant leak.

"This is the captain what is the situation in there ?"

"CAPTAIN THE CORE IS FAST BREEDING. I CAN'T STOP THE
FUSION PROCESS WITHOUT THE MAIN COMPUTER AND THE
COOLANT LINES HAVE BEEN DESTROYED SO WE CAN'T COOL DOWN
THE REACTOR! IF WE DON'T SOMETHING SOON WE'RE GONNA
HAVE A CORE FLUX AND THEN A CORE BREACH!"

"Captain, sensors, I have an intermittent contact on
the long-range sensors. I can't quite make it out. It
is not answering on the IFF (Identification Friend
Foe)."

The Captain let out a slow breath and then pressed the
com button on his chair. "Crewman, you must gather the
remaining engineers and stabilize the reactor."

"Captain, I don't you understand the situation in here,
I'm standing in cool.."

The Captain cuts off the scared crewman. "Crewmen you
must stabilize the reactor at all costs, we cannot
afford to lose power now."

The crewman switched off the com unit and turned around
to look at the remnants of engineering. Superheated
coolant was pooling around the legs of his chemical
suit and a hissing sound told him that some gas was
still leaking into the reactor room. Inside the core,
the production rate was reaching dangerous levels. The
young crewman grabbed a tool kit from its holding rack
and ran over to the shattered coolant line. He pried
open the kit with shaking fingers and reached inside
for a sonic wrench.

The situation in the hyperspace drive had been growing
steady worse. 1 minute had passed since the fusion
reactor had prematurely restarted. The power gird had
completely charged the 8 exa-farad (for non-science
majors : exa = 1x10^18 farad = A^2 x s^4/kg x m^2. A
farad is an extremely large amount of electrical
charge. 1 farad of energy can create a lighting bolt
that will fry a house.) energy storage units in the
hyper space power system. The computer responded to the
overload warnings by dumping the resident charge in the
storage units directly into the hyperspace engines. The
incredible surge of power caused the engines to rip a
hole in the space-time-reality continuum (ripped of ST,
but could not think of another way to describe it.) A
star gate formed in front of the star carrier. Its
gravitational well was enormous. All sorts of debris
and bits of metal were sucked through. Starfighters
were drawn into the circular field of energy. The
Carrier began to succumb to the mighty forces pulling
against the ship.

---

In another dimension, on a different Earth, Washu
looked up from her latest experiment. It was a wondrous
success. The math and research involved had been quite
simple. The only difficult part involved crunching all
the numbers after the equation had been solved. With
this new invention, Rho-oh-ki would always have enough
carrots to eat, now that they cloud be grown using the
fundamental nutrients found in anything around them.
Using the special formula Washu had perfected, carrots,
or any other kind of vegetation could grow using the
minerals and energy contained in a baseball bat as
opposed to the waiting the long and tedious period
while they extracted them from surround organic
material. Washuu threw her head back and laughed.
Although this was a minor experiment, it was always
good to start the day off with a success.

Her twin dolls mounted themselves on her shoulders and
began heaping praise on her.

"DR. WASHUU YOU'RE THE GREATEST!"

"THE GREATEST GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE!"

"SOON YOU'LL INVENT SOMETHING EVEN GREATER!"

"HAIL WASHUU! HAIL WASHUU!"

Their praise encouraged Washuu to lengthen her period
of celebration. *So refreshing to be a genius. I don't
know how other people survive not being as smart as me!
Oh how wonderful it is to be a genius!* Washuu hopped
from one foot to another. Washuu took another moment to
bask in the glory of her achievement and then turned
around and headed back to her computer station humming
softly. After cracking her knuckles, Washuu spread her
hands over the semi-transparent matrix of her computer
and waited while ideas for her next experiment grew in
her mind.

*I have it! My next experiment will be to find a way to
accurately navigate through subspace!* Grinning now,
Washu sat down to work on her newest idea. She was so
wrapped up in her work she almost missed the warnings
coming from her hyperspace monitoring computer across
the room. Quickly downloading the information onto the
computer in front of her, Washu read the incoming data.
*Got im himmel!* she declared, practicing an Earth
language she had been studying. *There is enough energy
in this hyperspace disturbance to create a sun! Those
mass and displacement readings... this thing must be
huge! Hmmm... roughly 1.78E18 metric tons with a fusion
- antimatter energy signature. What the hell is powered
by that ?*

The computer flashed another warning. What ever was
traveling through hyperspace was going to emerge
somewhere in this solar system, maybe as close to Earth
as Jupiter. *Hmmm... Fascinating. I should monitor this
situation closely, such an opportunity to record data
on hyperspace phenomenon.* Washuu settled into her lab
chair, fingers flying over the keyboard while she set
up her sensor nets to record the event.

---

1,000,000 kilometers from Jupiter a distortion in space
began to form. A small dot of electric blue light began
expanding, throwing off bolts of energy has it grew in
size. When the circle reached the size of Saturn's
rings, it momentarily stabilized in normal space. From
the immense space anomaly came an intense gravity well.
For .00000003 seconds all the objects in the nearby
solar systems shifted .01 cm towards the intensely
glowing disk. Several starfighters span out of the
stargate and entered our universe, linking with the
familiar slot on the subspace continuum that we
inhabit. The Ares began to be pulled towards the
stargate, but the monstrous amounts of power needed to
keep the gate open exhausted the energy reserves of the
hyperspace engines, and every other energy system on
the ship. The stargate closed 1.5 seconds after its
creation, sealing the starfighters that had crossed
over from their own dimension. The power grid of the
Ares cycled through its power reserves and then shut
down when it could not find an energy source to
energize its circuits.

The pilots of the 4 starfighters that had crossed
through slumped in their cockpits as their fighters
drifted through space. The gravitational energy from
the stargate had caused them to blackout due to G
forces exceeding 15 times the force of standard Earth
gravity. Only their specialized spacesuits protected
their blood from pooling in their lower legs and
staying there.

The four fighters drifted through space for several
minutes. When they reached Earth's position, their
onboard computers picked up surface transmissions from
small satellites orbiting the planet. Recognizing the
language and data patterns from the satellites, the
computers powered up their communications systems and
investigated.

*** Establish datalink......... unsuccessful

Reason

Cannot communicate with other system

Retry............. unsuccessful

Analyze known information

Other system is running old style binary communications
feed. Output source is a 22 Hz low grain optical
antenna.

Is other system open to ground transmissions ?

Yes.

Is other system open to space transmissions ?

Yes.

Possible method of space transmissions ?

Low frequency transmissions from electromagnetic pulses
transmitted by a carrier wave of extremely low
frequency electromagnetic waves.

Match information with database of known users of
technology.

Stand By.... ID confirmed... target object is a US Type
XII Keyhole Remote Observation Satellite.

Reason for occurrence.

Unknown.

Search for GPS position transmissions located in data
stream of target satellite.

-Target object is engaged in tasks. The target object
is using electromagnetic waves to scan a land mass
located at . The land mass is identified as Japan by
the target object's internal computer. GPS data from
the target object is the site of the C.S.S. Aux.
Launching facility. However, no evidence of the
structure is present according to the data being
received from the target object.

Lock on to GPS data of Type XII Keyhole Satellite. Use
position data to guide descent to last known position
of Launching facility.

---

*This is amazing! A localized stargate forming right
there, in the Sol system!

---

The navigational computer of the small starfighter
began to bring the craft down to Earth. The seek
fighter cut through the atmosphere and began angling
towards the Island of Japan, looking for its landing
point. Breaking thrusters in the engine pods fired,
slowing the descent of the fighter until it reached a
slow 100 mph. The fighter dropped into Japanese
airspace and began scanning for the massive structures
of the Coalition Space Launch facility. Unable to find
any traces of the landing site, the computer looked for
a large clearing to set down in. Locating a suitable
site took time, most of the space on the island was
covered with Urban areas that could not be used. It
considered using the runways at Tokyo's International
Airport, but abandoned the idea when it could not link
with the control tower to arrange a landing spot.

With thruster energy declining, the computer began
running through lists of known landing sites. Chester
Navel Air Station, The Marine training grounds in
Nagasaki, Moffet Field, Meiremar Navel Air Station,
Andrews Air Force Base, Travis Air Force Base,
Dreamland, Da Nang, Minot (A SAC Air Base), The testing
sites near St. Petersburg, Clark Air Force Base, The
F-23 Nighthawk base near Pusan, they were all either
too far away, or simply not there. The computer
abandoned its search for suitable military landing
sites and began looking for any clear areas where it
could set down. Spotting a remote site situated on the
Japanese mainland, the computer began its final landing
burn. The site was the best available. The site was
near a fair sized body of fresh water, which the pilot
could use as a source for drinking water and food. The
forest and hills surrounding the lake would shield the
countryside from damage in case of a reactor breach,
and the area was relatively free of people and
structures. There was evidence of a small, lightly
built structure, possibly a medium-sized house near the
landing site, but the computer no longer had time to
search for another one.

The fighter glided down towards the open field that
contains the Masaki vegetable garden. The computer
fired the landing thrusters once more and the ship
settled down on the ground. After checking the outside
air for contaminants, the computer opened the airlocks
and vented the internal air, mixing it with fresh air
from outside the fighter. The medical unit injected Joe
with a powerful physical stimulant that roused him from
his unconscious state. He slowed sat up in his chair.
He squinted at the bright sunlight streaming in through
the armored Plexiglas of the fighter's cockpit.

*Man, that suns' really bright!... WHERE DID A SUN COME
FROM? WHERE AM I?* Joe looked out the sides of the
cockpit at the surrounding countryside. He took in the
lake, the trees and flowers dotting the banks, and
forest of maples in front of him. He stared the garden
for several minutes until it dawned on him that the
strange orange things he was looking at were carrots,
and not alien vegetation. *Okay... There weren't any
planets within 13 light years of where we were
patrolling. How the hell did I end up in a place like
this ?*

Joe tapped some commands into his navigation computer.
*EARTH???? THERE IS NO WAY I'M ON EARTH.* He rapidly
performed a systems test on the computer system. *NO
WAY. THIS COMPUTER IS HOOKED ON NARCOTICS. I CAN'T BE
ON EARTH.* Joe turned and looked at his surroundings.
The beautiful blue lake, the forest of maples slowly
turning into a wondrous collage of colors. *LOOKS LIKE
EARTH... OR SOME OTHER TERRAIN ENVIRONMENT. This is not
Earth, there is no way this is Earth.* "Computer, give
me a map of the land masses of this planet." Joe stared
at the monitor for several seconds as a familiar blue
orb rotated on the screen. *Okay... that doesn't prove
anything. The computer must be lying to me. That's all
there is too it. The computer is a lying sonofabitch.*
A smile began to spread over Joe's face as he listened
to himself. he began to chuckle and then bursted into
full laughter as the humor of the situation dawned on
him. Wiping tears away from his eyes, Joe began typing
more commands into the fighters computer control panel.

---
Across the lake, Sasamii was heading out of the house.
She was going out to the vegetable garden to gather
some cabbage for the evening meal. She got a basket
from the supply room and headed out to the garden,
Rho-oh-ki bounded after her happily. "Come on
Rho-oh-ki! Lets go out to the garden and get you some
carrots !", shouted Sasamii in her bubbly young voice.
Rho-oh-ki let out a happy meow and hopped ahead of
Sasamii. "Hey, wait up for me!," shouted the young
princess as she ran after the cabbit.

"Jurian life signs detected." declared the
starfighter's computer. Joe glanced up from his control
panel. He vaulted out of the flight seat and grabbed
his sidearm from its holster.

"Computer, what direction are the signals coming from
?"

"The signal is coming from a Jurain located 100 meters
in the Northwest direction. Subject is a low body mass
and is being followed by a Cabbit."

*What the hell ? A Jurian with a cabbit ?* Joe squinted
across the lake searching for the Jurain. He brought
his hand up to shield his eyes from the sunlight being
reflected off the surface of the lake. On the other
side, he saw a young girl running to a cultivated patch
of dirt holding a wicker basket. *She is the Jurian ?
Doesn't look too dangerous...* The computer interrupted
his thoughts with another alarm. 

"Low-Intensity energy signature nearby... matches
energy signature of royal-family class battlecruiser.
Advise extreme caution in this area. Exact location of
cruiser is located bearing 345, distance... 75 meters."

*75 meters ???* Joe looked in the direction of the
pond... his eyes panned over the lake and its
surrounding trees and plants. A large tree was growing
in the lake about 70-80 meters away from his position.
The tree looked relatively harmless. It was only 20 or
so feet high and its branches had barely any vegetation
on them.

Joe watched as the young Jurian princess gathered up
some cabbages in her basket while the cabbit sat nearby
eating carrots. After she had filled the basket, she
turned and headed back to the house with the cabbit
following behind. After Sasamii had disappeared into
the house, Joe got up from where he was crouching and
looked in the direction of the house.


"Computer, was that little girl the source of the
Jurian life signs ?"

"Confirmed Lt."

*What the hell is going on? I black out in my
starfighter somewhere in the Omega sector after a huge
battle to find myself on a planet that is a mirror
image of Earth. Right next to my landing spot is a
house and a young member of Jurai's royal family that
has a cabbit for a pet...* Joe opened the seals on his
flight suit and took off the flight helmet he was
wearing. He inhales deeply, savoring the fresh autumn
air. *Fresh air, high oxygen content.*

Joe reaches into the cockpit of his fighter and takes
out his survival pack. Inside it was his emergency
radio, a small supply of field rations, a compass, and
a few other survival items such as rope and matches.
Joe tucks the pack into its special compartment in his
flight suit and after checking his sidearm, climbs out
of his fighter.

Joe stood up and activated the cloaking mechanism on
his fighter. Within seconds, his ship had changed its
camouflage pattern to match that of the surrounding
environment. Special thermo-camoflague prevented
detection by infrared sensors, satisfied that his
fighter was safe, Joe turned to face the house that he
had seen the young Jurian go into. 

*I don't know where I am or why I'm here, but I'm gonna
find out.* Joe Ruthenburg started advancing on the
house across the lake.

***

Chapter II : No Need for a Stormtrooper
---
Joe Ruthenburg began silently crawling towards the
house.
---
About 1500 miles to the North of Tenchi's house,
another star fighter began its descent into Earth's
atmosphere. This fighter is a slight different model as
Joe's machine. The engines are larger and grouped in an
incline position for high speed (as opposed to widely
spaced support pylons for greater maneuverability)
there are two small canards placed below the cockpit
for low speed control. The wings are stubby, with a
high angle of attack. They are variable geometry wings
that can be spread wide for good handling at low speed
dogfights and during takeoff and landing and then swept
back for high speed flight. There are four hard points
under each wing for attachment of externally mounted
weapons and equipment. The cockpit is decorated with 30
enemy kill marks. The name along the cockpit's trailing
edges said the fighter belong to Lt. Mark Rush. Inside
the cockpit sat a short muscular pilot, wearing a bulky
armored flight suit. He pushed his fighter's control
stick forward, and the fighter began to nose down into
the atmosphere.
---
Deep inside the Russian frontier, the crew of a SA-10
SAM battery look up from their monthly issue of the
humor magazine Parsorka to see a blip quickly passing
through their radar screen. When they send an IFF
signal at it the contact does not respond. The radar
operators continue to watch the contact as it passes
through their operations area. The contact continued to
head west, passing over the Seys Laser Facility. That
facility is a classified area and the missile operators
leapt into action.

The missile battery commander began shouting orders to
his crew. "(in Russian) Give me target information on
that contact right now! Contact command all advise them
of the situation. 'Missile battery 14 engaging aircraft
overflying the Testing facility.' send that."

"Yes, Comrade."

"Comrade Captain, we have radar lock on the contact, no
IFF signal, we are clear to fire."

"Very well, fire all available SA-10's."

"Yes Comrade Captain." The fire control officer presses
several buttons on his control panel. Outside the
control van, 3 SA-10 SAM missiles fire off their launch
rails and begin their ascent towards the target.

"Tell those missile loaders to ready the launchers for
another salvo. Hurry up! Go! Go! Go!" shrieked the
officer.
----
	The starfighter 12 miles away angled towards the
Japanese mainland. Mark Rush clutched the control stick
and continued his descent. The RWR (radar warning
receiver) on the control panel began beeping, signaling
that his fighter was being scanned by radar beams.

"What the hell, what is scanning me ?" Looking at the
secondary sensor display, Rush noticed a small square
located right under the triangle representing his
fighter. "What the FUCK? A SAM SITE IS RIGHT UNDER
ME??"

Then the beeping coming from the RWR system turned into
a high pitch whine, meaning the search radar had been
switched into attack mode (Attack radar has a higher
frequency [higher frequency means increased waves with
a shorter period, which equals more reflected waves off
the target and a more precise fix on the target] and is
concentrated in a smaller area.)

"SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT... Computer, dump autopilot
re-entry program. Give me manual control." Mark Rush
pushed the fighter into a hard dive, cutting through
the atmosphere at speeds over mach 5. Mark pushed the
throttles up to their maximum setting, placing the
fighter into afterburner mode. "Computer, remove safety
lock-out, push reactor to 105%."

-Warning, the reactor is not designed to operate at
specified level. Prolonged use will result in loss of
containment.

"SHUT UP AND DO IT YOU FUCKING MACHINE! AUTHORIZATION
RUSH 1!"

-Warning missile lock-on confirmed. 3 missiles are
tracking. Range to missile... 10 miles.

"AWWWW FUCK ME!"
---
The Russian Missiliers lifted the new missiles onto
their launching vehicles. The fins were quickly snapped
on and the data cable plugged into the ground computer.

"Missiles reloaded captain."

"Fire second salvo, all missiles."

"Firing"

3 more missiles blasted off their launch pads and
rocketed into the atmosphere.
---
-Warning, 3 additional missiles have begun tracking our
position.

*MOTHERFUCKER* "Computer released multiple chaff and
flares, and find me a landing spot!"

-Receiving IFF transmission from nearby craft. ID codes
confirm object is a type IIA Star Fury Fighter.

*A Fighter... around here? Must be more survivors of
that star gate...* "Computer, give me a vector to that
Star Fury." A line on Mark Rush's HUD display drew a
line across the Sea of Japan to an Island, vaguely
J-shaped that was nested next to the larger Asian land
mass. A small cross on the HUD identified the exact
location of the signal.

*Damn it... 5 missiles are still tracking me... gonna
have to make a break for that other fighter.* Mark Rush
banked left slightly and then dived 50 degrees nose
down towards the distant point. At his fighter-bomber's
speed of Mach 5.37, the remaining altitude quickly
disappeared. The G counter in the cockpit also began to
rise, 6.7, 7.1, 7.3, 7.5, 7.9, 8.3... A black fog
descend over Mark's vision. The cockpit environmental
system overpressurized the cockpit and tilted the chair
to compensate for the High G-forces being generated by
the fighter-bomber's steep dive.

Stealing another glance at the secondary radar screen,
Mark saw the missiles were seconds away from impact.
The first salvo was within two miles of his position.
The G-counter passed into 9 times the force of gravity.
*Got to extend out... I don't have enough airspace to
maneuver... can't break out into space...SHIT. 10+
G's.. holy mother AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH....* The
overwhelming G-forces sucked the remaining blood out of
Rush's head, causing it to begin pooling in his lower
body. Bruises started to form in all the places where
his body came into contact with a hard object. Under
the legs and across his back. Two missiles from the
first salvo of missiles missed the fighter, the third
impacted under the right stabilizing wing. The fighter
began to spin slightly to the right under the force of
the missile's explosion.

The next three missiles picked up the erratic behavior
of the fighter and homed in. They exploded underneath
the engine housing of fighter, causing fragments from
the missile's to be sucked into the atmospheric air
intakes. Both engines flamed out. With the pilot
unconscious, there wasn't anyone able to correct the
vibrations that rocked the small craft. The fighter
began to go into a flat, inverted dive, heading for the
Sato bridge.

-Warning Propulsion system damaged, coolant system
damaged, weapons system damaged, defensive system
damaged, reactor shielding damaged, core temperature
increasing. Eject, Eject, Eject, Eject... 

When the pilot did not respond to the computer's
signals the computer system began efforts to save the
crippled fighter-bomber. Deciding the other fighter
would be able to provide the pilot with the best means
for survival, the computer used the last of its
non-nuclear fuel to turn the plummeting craft in the
right direction.

The fighter-bomber streaked down thru the atmosphere,
cutting through the remaining space between it and the
ground. Slowly, Mark Rush began to come around.
*Ughhh... where am I... whhatt is gonning on...? What
the... 10000 ft ? 1000 mph...?* The ground rushed up
towards the cockpit at an incredible rate. The breaking
thrusters on the fighter fired, slowing the craft to a
slow 400 mph about 200 ft off the ground. The autopilot
tried to pull up on the control column but could not
save the fighter due to damage to the flight systems.
Mark opened his mouth to scream as the fighter plowed
into the upper branches of the trees that dotted the
mountainside near Tenchi's home.

---

Up on the roof top of the Masaki home, the space pirate
Ryoko sat on her futon, soaking up the warm sunlight.
Her sensitive ears picked up the sound of thrusters
firing in the upper atmosphere. Shaking off her
sleepiness, Ryoko looked up in the direction of the
sounds. A space craft, much more advanced than the
human creations she had seen around this planet was
rushing towards the Masaki home.

---

A few minutes later, Mark wakes up inside his fighter.
*Wow, that has painful.* He gently turned his head from
side to side, testing his range of movement. Slowly, he
began to slowly move the other parts of his body. His
arms and hands seemed to work fine, if a little sore,
but when he started to shift his legs, pain shot
through his body. Something was pressing against his
right leg, pinning it against the left and restricting
his movement. Mark then began to look around his
cockpit, trying to figure out what he was going to do.
A bird's nest close to the cockpit's canopy caught his
attention. He stared at it for several minutes,
attempting to ascertain how it could hold the eggs
inside it secure while being upside down. After another
period of intense concentration on the nest, it dawned
on him that he must be upside down. His body agreed by
beginning to pool blood in his brain.

*Ughhh... gotta... get out of here.* Mark fumbled with
his release straps, they gave, dumping him onto the
roof of his  fighter. He hit the emergency release and
tumbled out when the cockpit seals opened. *Ouch...
that hurts... ouff. Damn it, I need to take a piss.
Better take care of business first.* Mark pulled
himself upright using a convenient rock and stumbled
through some bushes until he was satisfied no one could
see him. *Ok, ok, c'mon open up... goddamn flight suit.
Open up motherfucker I gotta take a piss.* Finally
managing to open the fly of his G-suit, Rush commenced
to take care of business. An old argument he had once
had with one of his buddies resurfaced in the back of
his mind. *I wonder why they call it 'taking' a piss
when you're really LEAVING a piss. Must be one of those
'don't touch, don't tell' policies. Gee, I wonder where
I am. I didn't notice any planets near the carrier
before getting sucked through that star gate. Shit
happens when you're unconscious.* After answering the
call of nature, Mark zips his pants back up and walks
back to his ruined fighter. 

Mark reaches into the cockpit of his fighter and takes
out a small footlocker. He touches a control on the
instrument panel that makes a panel on the side of the
fighter's fuselage pop open. From inside the
compartment Mark drags out a large duffel bag. Quickly
shedding his flight suit, Mark opens the duffel bag and
takes out a large suit of body armor. He quickly
secures the chest plate and its series of interlocking
Tritiantum plates. Next comes the composite reinforced
Kevlar arm plates. The right arm has three downward
pointing strips (HINT : YES I KNOW THIS IS THE RANKING
ENSIGNA FOR A SERGEANT).  Then he strapped on the upper
and lower leg plates and put on his special anti-land
mine boots. He hooked on his combat harness and opened
the footlocker.

Inside lay a Second Generation SAW (Squad Automatic
Weapon). It resembled the one currently in use by the
US Army with one important exception. Instead of using
chemical propellants to fire the bullets, it uses
electromagnets to accelerate the special rounds which
are constructed out of an ultra hard metal (such as
tungsten or lead with a steel jacket, no casing for
propellant just a penetration tip). This system
required the addition of a portable power source that
weighed about 15 lbs. The total system weighed about 35
lbs and had a shoulder strap to carry the gun. Mark
grabbed six 100 round clip magazines and tucked him
into ammo pouches sown into his belt. Two fragmentation
grenades dangled from the holding pockets of his
harness. He grabbed a rucksack lying at the bottom of
the foot locker. Mark stuffed several throwing knives,
spare ammo for his sidearm as well as the standard
submachine gun given to fighter pilots into the sack.
He didn't really expect to use the submachine gun, but
there was no reason to leave it behind. Mark carefully
placed an explosives kit into his sack and finally
added his survival gear to the last compartment of the
sack.

He hefts the rucksack onto his back and cradled the SAW
in his arms, adjusting the shoulder strap until the gun
dangles at his hip. Mark turns towards the house nested
several miles away in a small valley. A beautiful lake
is situated on the western side of the house with a
small tree growing in the middle. A stone path led
north up towards a secluded area that was blocked from
view by the tree line. Mark pulls a small laser
distancer out of his pocket and points it at the house.
The small LED screen blinks back at after a few
seconds. *Hmmm, about 2k away. Could be there fast if I
wanted to. Large house, two stories large glass paneled
side facing that lake. Come to think of it, that house
has a lot of windows. Prowling up to it is gonna be a
challenge.* Rush started running towards the Masaki
home. Gracefully jumping over fallen trees and small
ditches, he soundlessly glided trough the thick forest.
His feet seem to hardly touch the ground, he
effortlessly moved through think bushes and low hanging
vegetation without disturbing it or it catching on his
clothing. Within a few minutes Mark reaches the stone
path that leads up to the shrine.

*Alright, how I just get my bearings straight and I'm
good to go. Okay, the house should be down this path
about 1000 ft or so and then a little to the right of
the path. Right, now I...* Mark Rush spun around found
himself pointing his weapon at an old man who had come
down the steps leading to the shine and had gotten
within a few feet before Mark had noticed him. *What
the hell? How did this old guy sneak up on me ?* The
'old' man was tall, dressed in a simple priest's robe
and carrying a wooden practice sword. Behind him was a
young Japanese boy who was also carrying a practice
sword. He had short spiky black hair that was gathered
into a small ponytail in the back. His pants and shirt
hung loosely on his tall lanky frame. The boy seemed as
surprised as anyone would suddenly found a heavily
armed ultra marine standing in their backyard. The
older man showed no outward signs of surprise other
than a slight creasing of his forehead and an eyebrow
that raised itself several millimeters above its normal
position.

The three men stood looking at each other for a second
or two in total silence. Katsuhito recovered first and
spoke to the stranger, "Hello, who might you be ?"

Mark Rush was totally surprised by the old man's calm.
His training had always taught him to ACT, not think
and that the worse mistake a ultra marine could make
was to hesitate. His finger began to tighten around the
trigger of his weapon when a flash of light appeared in
front of him. A woman, moving like greased lighting
appeared OUT OF THE GROUND in front of him. She was
moving so fast Mark could only see a blur from her
black and red skintight clothing and the flash of a
long glowing sword she was swinging at him.

---

Ryoko watched as the fighter crash landed on the side
of the mountain. The wreck looked bad to her
experienced eyes. The pilot would have had a hard time
surviving that one. Ryoko settled back on her futon and
watched a thin trail of smoke begin to rise from the
spot where the fighter had gone down. Resolving to get
a closer look in a few moments. A few minutes later,
the smoke cloud stopped and the vegetation around the
crash site shook slightly. Ryoko, noticing the slight
details, got up and teleported inside the house.

"Tenchi!... Tenchi!... Where are you Tenchi ?"

Sasamii walked into the living room carrying a basket
full of vegetables with Rho-oh-khi perched on top of
her head. "Oh hello Ryoko! How are you today?" asked
Sasamii in her typically bubbly voice.

"Oh fine, hey have you seen Tenchi around here ?"

"Well, I think he is at the shrine practicing with
Grandpa today."

"Thanks Sasamii," said Ryoko, turning to go.

"Hey Ryoko, why are you looking for Tenchi?"

"Oh, I want to show him something. That's all Sasamii."

"Oh, alright." Sasamii continued into the kitchen
holding her basket full of veggies. Humming to herself,
Sasamii began to go through her morning ritual of
preparing food for everyone. Soon the stove has covered
with cooking pots and the kitchen filled with the
wondrous smells of her cooking.

Ryoko teleported out of the house and flew along the
path that lead up to the shrine. "TENCHI!... TENCHI!"
*There he is... who is that guy over there ?* Ryoko
flew closer for a better look at the stranger. *He has
a gun. And he's pointing it at Tenchi! Don't worry
Tenchi, I'll save you!* Ryoko changed into her battle
armor and teleported in front of the strange soldier.

---

*Don't think, just act.* Mark jerked back out of the
sword's reach. Letting the assault rifle fall to his
side, he reached up to his combat harness and pulled
out his vibration knife with his right hand. 

(A vibration knife is not an invalid concept. It is
simply a knife that vibrates at an ultrasonic
frequency. Dentists and jewelers already use this
technology to remove the plaque on your teeth and dirt
from rings. The ultrasonic sound waves liquefy the dirt
and debris on the object being cleaned. If the
instrument vibrates at a high enough frequency, the
sound waves will liquefy flesh. The sound waves have a
range of only a few millimeters. That is why the knife
must still come into contact with the target using
traditional fighting techniques.)

The new woman slashed at him with her sword. Pivoting
on his left foot to parry her blow, Mark felt his elbow
grinding in its socket. *Man, this chick is strong.
Can't overpower her, gonna have to think my way out of
this one.*

Ryoko noticed her opponent's lesser strength and
brought her energy sword down in a crushing overhead
swing. Rush managed to barely sidestep out of the way
and aimed a powerful kick at her right kneecap. The
impact caused her leg to twitch slightly. 

*Damn, that kick would have put me on my ass. This is
going nowhere fast.* Mark had to again parry with his
vibro-knife, sapping his strength to stop the momentum
of Ryoko's sword. Mark began to circle around Ryoko,
trying to gain more ground to move around. Casting a
glance at the two men he had seen first, Mark noticed
they were backing off, giving the two of them room to
fight. Giving room, but not interfering. Their stance
was not hostile, their wooden practice swords were held
loosely in their hands. *They must know this woman. Bad
for me.*

Ryoko vaulted into the air, twisting her body as she
rushed towards Mark. She brought her leg around in a
roundhouse that caught Mark right in the center of his
chest. The heavy armor plate on his torso absorbed the
blunt impact of the blow but the momentum caused him to
stumble back a few paces. Ryoko pressed her attack,
thrusting with the point of her sword. Seeing this
opening, Mark steps into her thrust and slashed at
Ryoko's stomach with his vibration knife.

*Ryoko is going to get hit...* "RYOKO, LOOK OUT!"
yelled Tenchi as he jumped towards the fighting pair
with his wooden sword.

His grandfather shook his head at Tenchi's action.
"Tenchi, you shouldn't interfere in a duel."

Tenchi leaped at the fighting pair. He pointed his
sword at Rush's midsection, hoping to knock him away
from Ryoko and prevent that killing strike. Time slowed
as Tenchi flew at Mark. Mark, sensing danger whipping
his head around and saw the young man leaping towards
him with his sword ready.

Mark brought his elbow up and smashed it into Ryoko's
face, causing her to stumble backwards stunned. Mark
hopped forward with his right foot and swung his left
leg around in a powerful roundhouse kick that caught
Tenchi in the chest and lifted him up and propelled him
back towards Grandpa. Tenchi landed in a heap at his
grandfather's feet.

"You see, you shouldn't have interfered."

"Ughh.............," was the only response Tenchi could
muster.

Turning back to his original opponent, Mark saw Ryoko a
short distance away forming energy bolts in her hands.
A lesson his first drill instructor had taught him
resurfaced in Mark's mind. *In a life or death fight
there is only one rule : don't play fair.* Mark hawked
up some phlegm and spit at Ryoko's face. Ryoko brought
her hands up instinctively to block the flying
projectile.

Mark leapt at her slashed at her neck. Ryoko, caught
off guard, brought her arms up to block the blow. The
knife cut her right wrist open, and continued forward,
missing her throat by centimeters. Ryoko screamed in
pain and teleported behind Mark.

With Ryoko's weight suddenly gone, Mark fell forward
towards the ground. He rolled as he hit in order to
land face up. He had lost his pack and rifle sometime
during the fighting. Now, Ryoko jumped into the air and
swung down at him. Mark rolled out of the way and
parried her energy sword again as he got up. He was
giving a lot of ground, and the few good hits he had
gotten didn't seem to be affecting her. Ryoko hadn't
gotten him yet, but the intensity of the fight was
tiring him out really quickly. It had to end soon or
the women would win for sure.

As Ryoko and Rush squared off again the old man called
out, "Alright that's enough you two, there will be no
killing at this shrine." To emphasize his point a
bright blue light hawk sword appeared in his hands.

*Holy Shit. That guy has a Light Hawk Sword! These
people are Jurians! What the hell is a royal family
member doing here?*

Another sound entered Mark's mind. Someone was running
up the stone steps of the shrine towards them. Mark
swiveled his eyes to look and saw the second most
unexpected sight coming towards him. A pilot, dressed
in a flight uniform of the Coalition Space Command was
coming towards them with a gun in his hand.

"Alright you people, get away from that marine or I'll
blow your plant loving brains out," shouted Joe as he
rushed up the concrete steps towards the clump of
people surrounding Mark Rush.

To be continued...

Author's Afterward... or shorthand... or notes...
whatever.
This is my first 'published' attempt at a fanfic.
Needless to say, there are spelling errors, formatting
problems (I don't have a good word processor I so
ashamed! :( bo hoo hoo) Oh well, some people can write
and the others just suck.

Please let me know what you think. Also, I have ideas
for how I want the new characters to turn out but I
don't really have a strong storyline worked out yet. If
you have any suggestions please E-mail me'. I'll
entertain any constructive suggestions. The plot will
probably result from someone's suggestion, so give me
some ideas.

Contact me at : SStormtrooper@Hotmail.com

I belong to nothing, na da, zero. I'm a new fan just getting
into anime. (If my soldier buddies find out my ass is in a
sling)