(The characters used in this story (with the execption of Raven) are
property
of Pioneer Enteratinment.)

WARNING:This fanfict gets kinda weird. But then again, its just sort of a
what if story. The way the characters are made out to be, is purely based of
my veiws after watching all realeased OAVs(Tapes 1-7) both movies, and first
4 "Tenchi Universe" tapes. Theres not mutch action, but I think the story
makes up for that. Part 1 is just the begining, and a slow one at that. But
part 2 should get better.

"No Need for Japan";Part 1:Reunion

As the plane decended down Kiyone couldn't help but think of how she got
into
this situation.....

The tickets had arrived a week prior to the flight. Seven, one way, tickets
to a town named "Fort Wayne". It was part of the United States, thats all
anyone realy knew about it. Even after Washu tried to research it, there
were
still too many questions,
especialy "Who sent them?". The envelope carried no return address, just the
address of her apartment, and a note telling her to bring some friends.

Well no bother now, the plane was touching down. As she steped off, she
noticed how warm it was here. It was mid-winter in Japan, but it seemed like
spring here. Her friends quickly followed. Tenchi was looking around with an
odd curiosity in his eyes. Sasami, with her little purse (with Ryo-Ohki
tucked inside), holding Tenchi's hand so as not to get lost. Washu, who
seemed more than excited to be somewhere new. Ryoko, still trying to weasel
a
bottle of "Sake" out of a flight attendant. Ayeka, quiet and nervous. And
finaly her parter, Mihoshi. Who had managed to lug all her stuff aboard as
carry-ons.

She stoped, and waited for them to catch up, turning around and addressing
the question "Ok, where here. Now what?" to the group. A young mans voice
from behind chimed in "How 'bout following me?". Kiyones ears almost pricked
up, like a cats when she heard that voice. Could it be? No, she said. He'd
been dead since she was 14. But it might be.....She turned around and faced
the voice, a whisper of hope in her heart.

She knew imidiatly, at the sight of him who he was. From the long blue bangs
in front of his hair, to the short cropped black hair in back. From the
black
t-shirt, and overlong shorts. It could only be him....

"Rave?", she said it in normal tone, but it seemed to come in a whisper.
"Kiyo?" was his reply. She leaped foreward, throwing her arms around his
neck. Her eyes welling over with tears of joy. She felt his strong arms come
around and lift her off the ground. She wept for joy, until she heard the
voice from behind. "Excuse me, but whats going on here?"

She released the boy and looked back at the confused group, Mihoshi less
than
10ft away with a pleading look in her eyes. Kiyone composed herself and
addressed the group. "This, my friends, is my brother Raven. He's my twin
actualy. We thought him to be lost long ago in a patroler crash, durring his
training. Never was much of a pilot, but hes always had an interest in the
arts and science.". Mihoshi, with a tone of
missunderstanding in her voice said "But whats with Rave, and Kiyo?".

Raven looked at Kiyone, and mouthed "Is she always this dumb?", while
pointing at Mihoshi. Kiyone nodded, and Raven rolled his eyes. "Well, Rave
and Kiyo are sort of nicknames we have for eachother. Thats how we've
addressed eachother since age 10.", was the explanation he gave Mihoshi. She
nodded in understanding. Ryoko pushed Mihoshi aside and walked up to Raven
and yelled "SO WHY BRING US ALL HERE??????". Raven, evercalm, said "Well,
its
my last semester at the school I've been attending since I landed here. I
kinda had to maintain the outward appearance of being a "normal" human teen.
So I enroled and I wanted my sis here to graduate with me."

Ryoko still wasn't satisfied by that answear, "But what about the rest of us
smart alek?". "Well,", said Raven getting in Ryoko's face,"why not? You look
like you need some education anyway...". Ryoko growled, but a glare from
Kiyone shut her up. Raven led the group to where they could collect their
bags and then to their transportation...

A large black van, with the image of a flaming bird flowing along the side,
sat in the parking lot. While Raven and Tenchi loaded up the baggage, the
girls debated about who got to sit where. It ended up with Raven driving and
Kiyone sitting shotgun. With Ayeka, Tenchi, and Ryoko in the middle. And
Washu, Sasami, and Mihoshi sitting in the back.

As the van began its journey Raven remarked, "Isn't there suposed to be a
great scientest among you girls?". Washu spoke up, "What of it?". "Well,
could you write up some fake transcripts for you guys, and imput them into
the schools computer?" he said. Washu chuckled, "Well of course, who goes to
what school and what grade?". The debate ended after much diputation, but
the
results were:

Sasami,6th grade at a local middle school
Tenchi and Ayeka, Sophmores at Raven's school
Ryoko and Washu(with a 16 year old body) , Juniors at Raven's School
Mihoshi and Kiyone, Seniors at Raven's School

As the van pulled to a stop everyone looked out. "I-is this where you
live?",
said Tenchi, pointing at the huge structure outside. "Nope, but it is where
we're gonna get you some clothes so you dress like you're from around here.
Jeez' you look as though you're tourists!"."But we don't have any money, do
we Raven?", Kiyone asked. Raven laughed, "No, but I did find a way to get
infinite credit", he said with a grin bradishing a charge card.

As they walked in the group looked about, there were so many stores. Who
knew
where to start. Everyone wanted Raven's opinion, and help. Among all the
clamoring Raven could be heard shouting "ALRIGHT!!! ENUOUGH!!!", this
silenced them."Now, I'm going to try to help all of you as best I can, but
this is all based on how you want to be seen. Remember this, for the most
part, you're all high schoolers for the next semester. Pick out stuff that
fits how you are, and won't cause un-needed trouble" He momentarily looked
at
his watch "Dang, its only open for another couple hours. Not enough time to
help you all individualy. But take these...."he flicked his hand, producing
4
more charge cards. "Now get goin, we meet at this location in 3 hours." he
said, walking off.

The 3 hours passed quickly, and when the group met once more, things weren't
as they'd expected.......

(How were things not as expected? What the hells going to happen next? When
will we find out? When will Pioneer Exectuives read this fanfict, and
incoporate it into the series...there by making the writer a desired talent
overnite? Stay tuned for "No need for Japan; Part 2:A new life!"
