	Author's Notes: Koshiyuki, ah yes. She was designed 
basically in my image...and Kaliska (who shows in Chapter 3) 
was created in my best friend's image.

	Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! is the property of Pioneer LDC 
and AIC, and this fanfic and the character Koshiyuki is 
property of me, Space Pirate Ryoko-chan.

	Koshiyuki sighed, and looked over the huge machine before 
her. Washuu-chan had been working on it for the past three hours 
now, and still she hadn't come up with anything. Her, on the 
other hand, had been busy thinking, mostly about her home, Jakar, 
and Sakura. She was hoping--against her demonic heritage--that 
Washuu could somehow bring her back. 

	"Well," Washuu spoke up, interrupting Koshiyuki's thoughts.

	"Well what?"

	"That's it. The gateway is completely shattered, beyond 
repair...beyond my skills."

	"What?! Does that mean I'm stuck here even longer?!"

	"Well, it did take me about two years to create even such a 
simple piece of machinery..."

	"Oh, by the gods of Jakar," Koshiyuki muttered, and turned 
to exit the lab, finding no purpose to be there anymore. Washuu 
sighed as the door connecting her lab to the Masaki house slammed 
shut, and went back to work.

	Koshiyuki stormed out of the lab speedily, and walked out of 
the Masaki house as well, staring at the environment around it.

	"Hey," spoke a voice behind her. Koshiyuki whirled around, 
and found Tenchi standing there, a strange tool on his shoulder.

	"Oh, hello, Tenchi. W-What's that?" she asked, pointing to 
the tool on his shoulder.

	"What? Oh, this? It's a rake. Don't they have rakes on your 
home planet?"

	"We don't have anything, Tenchi. No trees, no freshwater 
lakes, no houses--made of wood anyway--nothing."

	"Geez, Jakar sounds awfully boring. What is there anyway?"

	"Everything is technological on Jakar. From mechanical trees 
to water pumps that form 'purewater lakes'."

	"Wow. And you were brought up in it, right?"

	"No, I lived through the last years of the 'Green Age', as 
we call it. Then our world slowly crept into the darkest reaches 
of technology, and steadily, a new empire rose from it, changing 
our system of government from democracy to monarchy."

	Tenchi blinked. "Uhh..."

	Koshiyuki giggled, wrapping her arms around her waist. "I 
didn't think you'd understand. I'll have to tell you more later."

	"Hey, why don't I take you around? Y'know, to show you more 
of our land?"

	"Hey, that sounds great!"

	"Good! I'll be ready to go once I finish my chores," Tenchi 
said, and began to walk off.

	"Wait! What're...chores?"

	"Tasks, jobs, umm..."

	"Projects?"

	"I guess." Tenchi said, smiling, then walked off.

	"And just what do you think you were doing?" spoke another 
voice behind Koshiyuki, which she recognized as Ryoko. However, 
when she turned around, she came face-to-face with both Ryoko and 
Ayeka!

	"I, um, I was just...talking with Tenchi-san."

	"Uh huh, surrrreee you were," Ryoko snorted.

	"I believe that as much as I do that Sasami can't cook! And 
anyone besides you knows that she can cook very well!"

	"Well, I'm sorry...as a stranger here I have yet to catch on 
to anything...maybe some explaining would come to mind?"

	"Well, sounds reasonable, don't you think so, Ayeka?"

	"Very reasonable. But this will be your last chance to 
redeem yourself as you are indeed a stranger here."

	"Understood. Now, tell me everything I should know."

	"You see," Ryoko began, "Tenchi is madly in love with me, 
and this person beside me, whom you know as Ayeka, is constantly 
trying to win his heart. See how wrong that is?!" she finished, a 
tone of sadness in her voice. 

	Ayeka turned blood red in the face. "That's not how it is at 
all, you sinister woman! Tenchi will be my husband, whether you 
agree or not, for everybody knows that he loves me more!"

	"Why you little--" Ryoko growled, and the two began arguing. 
Koshiyuki was afraid to ask further, but she got the point 
anyway. Ryoko and Ayeka believe anyone talking like that to 
Tenchi is flirting with him, and anyone who dared to really try 
it must get the worst punishment possible.

	"Koshiyuki!" someone whispered, and she looked over and saw 
Tenchi, hiding around the side of the house, motioning for her to 
come here. "Hurry!"

	Koshiyuki concentrated hard, and then disappeared into thin 
air, reappearing beside Tenchi. Ryoko and Ayeka blinked, staring 
around where Koshiyuki once stood, then took off, angry as ever.

	"Whew, that was close..."

	"Say, Tenchi," Koshiyuki began, "Which one do you love?"

	"Neither! Ugh, they just annoy me, hoping that I'll feel 
towards one or the other!"

	"Oh, I see. I also see that Ryoko has forgotten that I'm a 
lesbian, and I don't feel towards guys."

	"Ohhh, I see," Tenchi echoed, "Well, once they figure it 
out, you'll be pretty much safe. Now, about our tour--let's go!"

	"Yeah!"
