All Tenchi Muyo Characters are property of Pioneer/AIC.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
No need for wedding plans!
by
Jesse Lockhart

This story takes place on new years eve before the new century. Tenchi and the gang ring in the
new year in a big way! New years decoration can be seen all over the house.
Everyone wearing their party hats blowing noise makers, just plain having
a ball before the new millineum arrives. Ryoko seems likes she's having the 
fun. Flying around holding a bottle of Washu's special sake. "Woohoo! Now
this is what I call a celebration!" She screamed. Actualy
everyone besides Sasami had a one or two bottles of the stuff. Washu's kind of sake was very
strong. Just on sip would make your blood alcohol level skyrocket. Making you 
seriously drunk. Everyone didn't mind though. They are too caught up in 
celebration to even care. "I must say Miss Washu.(HIC!) This is the best
batch of sake you've yet!" Said Grand father having trouble controlling his liquor.
"Well i'm glad you liked it! (HIC!) I added some new secret ingredients to
it this time. Nothing out the ordinary for a scietific mixer like myself! HA HA HA HA!"
blured out Washu with a glow in her eyes. 

Though out the night everyone sung new years cheers
and played a little karyoke. Tenchi, who was totally plastered, stepped
outside to get some air and to watch the fireworks liminate the evening sky.
Ryoko, who was looking for Tenchi, saw him outside and flew over to join him.
They sat by each other on the porch both with their faces red from too
much Sake. "This has been a wild evening." replied Ryoko looking at fireworks.
"I thought nothing was too wild for you Ryoko" said Yenchi. "Heh. After 
tonight it's safe to say that I have my limits." Ryoko Replied. "Lets skip
this loud party and go on top of the roof so we can get a better view." 
Now at this situation Tenchi would be the one to oppose,
but since he's drunk and can't use his head, he says, "Sure." Ryoko
takes him by the hand and they both teleport to the rooftop.

Meanwhile back inside the house, the rest of the gang continues to celebrate.
Aeka,  who had too much sake herself, sung while she stumbled around
trying to keep her balance. She sees Sasami dancing along with Ryo-Ohki.
Sasamiiii. Have you seen Tenchii? Said a drunk Aeka. Sasami looked up at her and
shook her head. "Nope. Haven't seen him. You look terrible Aeka. Should you
be drinking so much?" Sasami asked. "Terrible? Why I never felt better
in all my life." Said Aeka while twirling around like a ballerina though she
lost her balance and fell on her face. "And she's down!" Screamed out Sasami.
Mihoshi chases Kiyone around pouring a bottle of sake on her head as if she
won the super bowl. They both trip on the floor and begin to laugh hysterically
wothout a care in the world.

On top of the roof, Ryoko and Tenchi watch the fire work increase in numbers
as the new year closely comes around. "Mmmmm this is so wonderful. Don't you think
Tenchi?" Ryoko asked. "Sure is." replied Tenchi. "Being out here, On the final day
of this century. Wathcing the fire works as they go off in the sky, being with you."
Said Ryoko quietly as she turned to look at Tenchi. Tenchi then turned to look at Ryoko.
He began blush over the redness he already had. Of all the times he'd seen
Ryoko, he had never seen her this beautiful. His heart began to race, and butterflies were
in his stomach. Was this love he asked himself, or was it too much sake?
He wanted to say something but the only thing he could get out was. "Yeah."
Ryoko smiled at the reply. "Oh Tenchi. I knew you felt the same way I did."
She said. She then laid her head on top of his soulders and closed her eyes. Tenchi, being
the ever so shy, slowly put his arms around Ryoko.

Inside the house everyone is still partying. Sasami turned to look at the clock.
"Hey everybody! It's almost time!" She yelled. Then eveyone rushed over 
to the clock to watch final seconds go by. Up on the roof Ryoko looked up
at Tenchi with tears in her eyes. "Oh Tenchi." She said. "The feelings that I 
have for you word can't describe." Tenchi eyes begins to soften at the sight
of Ryoko's tears. "What is it Ryoko?" He said. "It's that.. I need you 
Tenchi!" Ryoko begged Tenchi. "I'm not whole without you by my side! What I'm trying to say is.."
Their faces begin to get closer to each other. Everyone in the house begins to countdown. 
5...
"Tenchi"
4...
"I"
3...
"Love"
2...
"You!"
1...
They kiss.
"HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!"
Everyone is singing and celebrating. All except Aeka who at that very 
moment when the clock stuck 12 she began to feel an evil omen. The only
thing she said was "Tenchi." and just froze in her tracks.

The next morning everyone was asleep in the living room. All laid out, and tired from too much
party. Tenchi however was asleep in his bed. He was trying to turn over to the left. 
but he couldn't move. His eye opened just instantly. Not moving he looked around 
the room only to see some of his and Ryoko's clothing on the floor. 
Oh no! I didn't! Tell me I didn't! he thought to himself until he heard a groan beside him. 
His eyes went wide in
terror. He began to fell the bed behind him only to feel something warm and lumpy.
Something behind him began to giggle. He jumped up and seen something
beside him under the covers. "What the.." He said as he slowly pulled the 
covers away to see Ryoko just opening her eyes. "Well. Good morning
lover." She said with a huge smile on her face. "AAAAAAAAAARRRRRGH!!!!"

Tenchi's scream woke everyone in the house. "Tenchi?!" screamed Aeka as she 
jumped to her feet and rushed to Tenchi's room. She opened the door and
saw a nekked Ryoko hugging on a half nekked Tenchi. "Lord.. Tenchi.." said a
distraut Aeka. "Hi!" Said Ryoko waiving at Aeka. "Aeka! This is not what it
looks like! Well. It is, but I can explain everything!" Tenchi Yelled.
What is there to explain Tenchi? You like it more than I did. Besides
You said you loved me remember?" Said Ryoko squeezing Tenchi harder.
"RYOKO WE WERE.." Screamed Tenchi but is suddenly cut off by Aeka.
"Tenchi. H.. How could you? How.. Ohohohohoh!" Said Aeka who ran out of the
room in tears. Everyone else watched as Aeka run downstares crying. They
peeked into Tenchi's room and their mouths dropped at the sight. Kiyone
covered Sasami's eye. "Hmmmmm. Interesting." said Grand father who's
eyeglasses went foggy. Nobuyuki started crying tears of joy. "HE HE! I never
knew my son had it in him! That's my boy!!" he said. Wow do you know what
this means? said Mihshoshi. Everyone looked to Mihoshi. "What?" said all.
"Tenchi must really like Ryoko!" A Mihoshi stupidly and with those words
everyone did a face fault.

At the dinner table Ryoko sat next to Tenchi. Aeka who would be sitting
next to Tenchi on the other side, was seated at the end of the Table looking
down. Tenchi looks at her unable to keep her eyes off of her saddened look.
Ryoko see this and tries to get his attention. "Tenchi my love! This sushi
is really good. Try some. Say Ahh! Ryoko tries to feed him the sushi, but 
he pulls away. "Uh. No thanks Ryoko." he says, but Ryoko continues to presist.
"C'mon. try it. it's good" Said Ryoko. "I said no! Would you stop it?!"
said an angry Tenchi. A sudden loud whack is heard when Aeka slamed down 
her chopsticks. Everyone turned to see Aeka's hidden expression on her
face as she gets up from her seat. "I'm not hungry. Excuse me." She says
as she walks upstares and back into her room. Tenchi continues to watch her
as she goes back to her room. Ryoko sticks her tounge out at Aeka as she glops onto
Tenchi.

3 weeks had past since that that new years day disaster. Ryoko continues to
make advances at Tenchi to get him back in the new years eve mood. Aeka has not stepped
out of her room since then, and Grand father and Nobuyuki have been making
wedding plans for Ryoko and Tenchi behind his back. Everyone is sitting on the couch
watching tv until Sasami appears. "Okay you guys! Dinner is ready!" she yelled.
"Finally! I'm starving!" said Ryoko who looks like she'd beenputting on some
weight over the week. "So what are we having?" Ryoko asked. "Fish, Miso
Soup, and noodles." said Sasami with a smile. "Darn. and I had an appatite
for some pickles and ice cream pie." Said Ryoko snaping her fingers. 
"PICKLES AND ICE CREAM?!!" shouted everyone. "Ryoko are you saying..?"
said Kiyone but is cut off by Nobuyuki. "That you're really pregnant
this time?!!" he finished. "You can't be serious!" Yelled Tenchi. "It's
true." Said Washu who just came out of her lab. "I tested Ryoko a week
ago and by the look of things Ryoko's really pregnant and by examining
the DNA, all the arrows point to Tenchi being the father.
Though it's 100% true, I wan't to run some more test, but if
my hypothesis is correct and those results come back positive, Techi's
gonna be a daddy." Washu explained.

Tenchi is frozen in a tracne of disbelief. A bear hug from Nobuyuki breaks him out
of it. "Oh my boy's gonna finally make me a grand father!" He cried. 
"Congratulations Ryoko!" Said Kiyone. "Yeah way to go!" said Mihoshi.
From the room Aeka overhears the whole situation from the door. With tears
in her eyes she walks over to her dresser and picks up a the only picture
of her and Tenchi without Ryoko getting in the way. She sits at the end of
her bed and stares at Tenchi picture. Her teardrops fall on protions of
the frame. "(Sniff)Tenchi. I thought I was to become your bride." She said to
herself. "But yet again I'm denied a chance at true love." She falls on the
bed on cries covering her face with a pillow. "Oh Lord Tenchi why? I thought
you loved me?" Aeka said as she continues to cry alone in her room.
"Well it seems that Tenchi has chosen who he really loves. So should we
arrange a wedding date?" Grandfather commented. "Wedding date?!!" Screamed
Tenchi. "Early spring!" Ryoko enthusiastically suggested. "WOW! A wedding!" Sasami cheered.
"Spring is so close. What am I going to wear?" Said Mihoshi. "A dunce cap
for starters." Kiyone said scornfully.

A week later, the only thing on everyone's mind was the wedding. Mohoshi,
Kiyone, and Sasami were going to be potential brides maids so they were
going over the the many dresses in a catalog that just came in the
mail. "Wow! These dresses are so beautiful!" Said Mihoshi. "Yeah! and they
must really cost a fortune." Said Kiyone. Sasami points to the dress she
likes best. "Look at this one. Pink is a really nice color it matches
my eyes." She says. "You're right! It dose look nice, but I was looking for
something more of a red." Said Kiyone. "I Like this Yellow. It's my favorite
color!" Said Mihoshi. "Yellow? No way! That color just screams for attention."
Kiyone replied. Meanwhile Ryoko and Tenchi were looking at another catalog
she got from a bridal shop. "I like the traditional, but I'm in the mood
for a western western wedding. Don't you Tenchi?" asked Ryoko. "Uh. Sure 
Ryoko." Said Tenchi blushing. 

Not everyone was so excited about the wedding Aeka was still in her room looking out her window. 
with a not so surprising disappointed look on her face. "Their's nothing left for
me here. Maybe I should go back to planet Jurai." She thought to herself until
she heard someone knocking on her door. "Who is it?" She asked. "It's Washu."
said the voice outside her room. Aeka opened the door to let her in. "You
haven't been out your room for days. I know how you feel about the wedding, but
I wouldn't be worried." Said Washu. "Not worried?! And why shouldn't I not be
worried? I can't believe he's going to marry that woman!" Aeka said angrily.
"You shouldn't be. Not after what I'm going to tell you." Washu said.

Out in the living room, a stone faced Tenchi is being hugged by Ryoko. She hears
a laugh coming from Aeka's "What's going on up there?" She wonders. Aeka then walks
out of her room along with Washu as they walks downstares. "Well princess it's about
time you got outof there. I thought you died or something. You come to 
wish us well?" Said Ryoko. "No actually I've come to give Tenchi this."
She walks over to Tenchi and gives him a passionate kiss on the lips which makes Tenchi
wide eyed. Ryoko becomes furiously jealous. "Hey Pirincess! What the hell do you
think you're doing!! Screamed Ryoko. "Oh just declaring my everlasting love
for Tenchi." Aeka said. "Have you gone nuts?! Tenchi's my husband now!
How long have you been in that room anyway?!" Ryoko said scornfully. 
"Long enough to know that Tenchi's not yours anymore." Washu butted in.
"And what do you mean by that?!" Ryoko asked angrily. "I did further test,
and unfortunately the DNA samples I took from you are not Tenchi's. It's
proven 100%." Washu explained. "WHAT?!!!" Ryoko screamed as flew over and
jacked up Washu's shirt. So you're telling me that I'm not having Tenchi's baby
but someone else's?! That it?!" She screamed. "Affirmative." Washu answered.
"I don't believe you! If I'm not having his child, then what was I doing in
his room that night?!" Ryoko questioned. "I think I can fill that in." 
Said Aeka. "You probably went into the wrong room last night trying to find
your own. You forget that you were drunk that night." She explained.
"Then who was I with on the roof?" Ryoko asked. "The only DNA that comes
close to Tenchi's is.." Said Washu as she points to "Nobuyuki!" she added. 
"You mean I'm the father?!" Said Nobuyuki. "The greatest scientific genius
in the universe can't be wrong! Congratulations!" Said Washu smiling.
"No. It can't be! I won't let it be!" Ryoko screamed. "All right! I got
me a young one! Nobuyuki said while running over to hug Ryoko. "Let me
go you pervert! This can't be happening!" Screamed Ryoko. "Oh but it
is Miss Ryoko. Don't worry I'll take good care of Tenchi HA HA HA HA HA!"
Said Aeka laughing hysterically. Tenchi began to laugh, Then everyone
joined in the laughter. Nobuyuki continues to hug on Ryoko making her unable to move. 
"No! Stop laughing at me! Stop! Stop it!"

"Nooooooo!!!" Screamed Ryoko waking up in a cold sweat and breathing
heavily. "Man. what a dream." She said to herself. "Ryoko?!" Yelled Tenchi
running up to her room. He opened the door and rushed to her side. "Are you
all right?" He said in a concerned voice. Ryoko hugs him tight. "Oh Tench.
I was so scared. What turned out to be a wonderful dream became a nightmare.
It was terrible." She said not letting go of him. He slowly put his arms around
her. "It's all right Ryoko. It was just a dream that's all." He told her
"Do you need anything?" He asked her. "No. I'm fine thank you." Said Ryoko.
Suddenly Nobuyuki popped his head in the door. "What's going on? Are you
all right Miss Ryoko?" He asked Ryoko. "AAAAAAARGH!" Ryoko screamed 
and jumped onto Tenchi. "What's with her?"
Nobuyuki asked. "I don't know." Said Tenchi in a muffled voice.

The End.




