NO NEED FOR MOTHERHOOD
By: Matt Taylor

Disclaimer: These characters are the property of AIC/Pioneer. I receive no 
payment for this and am doing it for my own amusement.

Rundown: As Washu watches Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding, thoughts of the 
Goddesses run through her mind.

Notes: I just wanted to let you know that I know absolutely nothing about 
Japanese weddings, so please forgive me if the one here, isn't Japanese. 
Sorry.

*************

    Look at her. She's so beautiful in that dress. I can't help but feel 
proud of her after everything that's gone on. It's her wedding, the greatest 
day of her life. I can feel her joy through our mental link, it's good to see 
her finally, truly happy. I helped design the dress, not exactly a challenge 
for a genius of my caliber, but still worthwhile. I see Mihoshi, and Minagi 
standing to the side in their own dresses, Mihoshi crying her eyes out, a 
small tear on Minagi's cheek, as Ryoko stares in the mirror, completely in 
shock. Yes Honey, that is you. 

    When I first created her I never thought that this would be happening for 
her. I just wanted a daughter, something to replace the son I lost so long 
ago. For a long time though, I was a failure as her mother. Kagato took her, 
and made her his slave, put me in the Soja's reverse dimension. I watched as 
she was forced to kill again, and again. But now we're both free of him, but 
our relationship was hardly mother/daughter. She hated me for letting Kagato 
get her, and for my brief...fascination with Tenchi. And while there are 
times when tension exists between us, I think that we're on the road to 
making up.

    It's been three years since he released you. Since Tenchi went into that 
cave, and found you. You were followed by Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and me. All 
of us vying for Tenchi's affections, in one way or another. But you won, 
didn't you? And I'm happy for you. You thought I was going to steal him from 
you? I wouldn't do that to you, dear. Believe it or not, I want you to be 
happy. It's more important to me than any experiment I've ever done, not that 
you, or anyone else for that matter, would believe that.

    It's time. Time for you to take that walk to your future. I see you 
smiling, and know this is the right thing. But despite that, I'm worried for 
you. A few months ago I got a precious gift, memories. Memories of my true 
past. Me and my sisters, Tsunami and Tokimi. It's them. They're the reason 
I'm worried for you. My gaze goes down the aisle, and see Tenchi, and his 
father standing at the head. Yosho behind them. I'm surprised at the crowd 
that came out. Ayeka and her family are here. Yeah, Asuza is actually here. 
Of course we all know why. To convince himself that Tenchi is no longer a 
"threat" to Ayeka and his empire, not that he ever was in the first place. 
Look at him, trying to look calm and stoic, I can almost hear him singing in 
his brain, "No more Tenchi, No-no, no more Tenchi, yes sir!" I stifle the 
laughter that rises in my throat, and look around the royal family.

 Misaki always struck me as the type who loved weddings, no matter who they 
where for. She's crying almost as much as Mihoshi. Funaho is smiling, happy 
for her great-grandson. I look towards Ayeka and cringe slightly. It's 
painful for her to be here, but she is trying to be a friend. Tenchi is her 
friend. After he announced his engagement to my daughter, she reacted badly, 
and ran off. It was a few hours later when she came back. It was several 
months before she and Ryoko came to a peace. She loved Tenchi just as much as 
Ryoko did, and this is hurting her some. My gaze goes to Sasami, and 
everything slows down.

She stands there, grinning like a hyena in happiness. Is that you grinning, 
Sasami? Or is it her? My sister? I have a theory about her and Tenchi. That 
his powers are a result of Tsunami's manipulation of his genes before he was 
born. Before my memories returned I always wondered why she showed so much 
interest in Tenchi, for awhile I thought she would become the latest suitor 
in line for him. But now I see things much more clearly.

Why would you want to take Tenchi as a lover? Now that Ryoko has all her gems 
back, her powers is equal to yours, maybe even greater, I still need to do 
more tests. Imagine what kind of power her and Tenchi's child will have! The 
light hawk wings added to the three gems that house the power that was once 
mine! It's almost frightening to think about. What a wonderful champion that 
would make, eh Tsunami? Why should you dirty yourself getting Tenchi's 
loyalty, when his child will be so much more powerful than him?

Perhaps I'm just being paranoid, but I know how you think, Tsunami, you plan 
things out far in advance. For all we know this was your goal from the 
beginning. Was the search for the ultimate power the reason Kagato did what 
he did? Or was he responding to the control of another? You come off all 
caring and loving to the people who see you in human form, but you're a 
goddess, and you have the universe to think about. I know what you want, and 
that's to stop Tokimi. It's what Tokimi wants that I don't know.

Don't get me wrong, not all of my old memories have returned. I still don't 
know what Tokimi wants. I figured out it was her who controlled Dr. Clay, and 
got him to replace Ryoko with Zero. I hate not knowing something about a 
potentially powerful enemy. But there's the problem again. I don't know what 
Tokimi wants. Is she really the enemy? Or has it always been you, Tsunami?

I put the thought aside, and watch as Tenchi and Ryoko kiss, and I feel a 
tear come to my eyes. The first time I've cried in centuries. I watch in joy 
as they walk back down the aisle, and the rest of us move to the reception. I 
sit now, next to Minagi as she stares at her sister, a smile on her face. My 
family isn't exactly normal, by Earth standards. Minagi is Ryoko's little 
sister, and my daughter, but she's a clone. I watched as Ryoko and her went 
from hostile to sisterly to each other. You've finally gotten soft, my little 
Ryoko? I can see the images in Minagi's mind of what she would want for her 
wedding. A smile comes to my face as I remember my long lost husband.

With that my thoughts go back to the Goddesses. Tsunami isn't as nice and 
kind as she likes people to think. She appreciates life, and wants to protect 
it, but if it means the sacrifice of certain people and what they hold dear, 
than she'll do it. I see an image of my daughter in my mind, crying. It could 
be over anything. But I clench my fists under the table. You hurt my daughter 
and you mess with me! That's what I say. I'm not the greatest scientific 
genius in the universe for nothing. Would Tsunami go after their child? What 
does Tokimi want? Why was she interested in kidnapping Ryoko in the first 
place? Just so she could meet me? I doubt that. Too many questions, no 
answers.

I sigh and try to relax. This isn't a day for angry thoughts. I see Ryoko 
suddenly looking at me, and remember our mental link. I smile at her, and 
tell her it's nothing through our link.

I won't allow you to hurt them Tsunami. After all the pain she's gone through 
I won't allow her to be hurt again. She doesn't deserve to have her life 
destroyed again, and if you are planning what I think you're planning, then 
it will be. I won't allow it. The reception is over, and the both of them go 
to Ryo-ohki, who transforms to her space-ship mode. I walk over to them, and 
pat both on the shoulders. Telling them not to worry, I'll take care of the 
house.

I stand longer than anyone else, as Ryo-ohki zooms away. I won't allow my 
family to be used against their will, even by beings who supposedly have 
their best interests at heart. I am the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe, there must be something I can do. I grin as I prepare to return to 
my lab, looking one last time at the spot where they disappeared. You two 
kids enjoy your honeymoon, and let mom handle the rest.

THE END. 