by Raven Makibi

"No Need for Japan";Part 2:A New Life!

[all characters, (with execptions of Raven, Kitty, Drew, Cassy, Goat, and 6
Guage) are proprety of Pioneer Entertainment]

(Well, Part 2 is finaly here. Now we find out just what kind of crowd the
characters are suited for. And we meet some new friends from Raven's
school.)

As the group reunited after their little shoping spree it came to light that
no one knew eachother as well as they had thought. Kiyone, Raven and Ryoko
had been sitting and waiting at the designated spot for quite some time.
Kiyone had changed from her uniform into a rather "un-conservative" outfit.
With her white babydoll shirt, and vynil pants she looked the exact oppisite
of  a Galaxy Police Detective.

Ryoko sat next to Raven talking quietly about a CD he'd been letting her
listen to on his discman. She'd had it in her ears since they arived at the
mall, and had since bought a "concert t" of the band. The black and silver
shirt was very form fitting, so as it caught the eye of most of the passing
guys. It didn't help either that she was wearing shorts that could barely be
clasified as such. With these clothes, she thought she could win the heart
of
Tenchi.

Ayeka and Sasami soon joined the group. Their selections seemed to be of a
style that Raven descibed as "preppie". In fact, aside from the overlong and
odd colored hair, they looked like most of the other kids at the mall.

Washu and Tenchi soon arived. They seemed to have opted for the "used
clothes" look. True, their were a few thrift shops about. But from the load
tenchi was lugging, it seemed that Washu had cleared about 2 out.

Finaly Mihoshi came into the area, from behind the group. She was laughing,
probobly at something stupid Kiyone said. Raven turned around to ask her if
she was ready to leave. He looked at her, did a double take and fell off the
stone wall around the planner they'd been sitting on. She was clothed in a
tight pink tanktop, and oversized khaki pants that seemed ready to fall off
at a moments notice.

Mihoshi, ran up after she saw he had fallen. She looked down at him than
kneeled over to see if he was ok. "Uhh, yea Im ok.", Raven said dumbstruck.
Mihoshi giggled and tried to help him to his feet. He stubled over and
manged
to get up on his own. Ryoko looked over, "Mihoshi, are you ready to go now?"
With a cheerful nod she replied. Raven, came completely to his senses and
led
them back to the van.

They arived at Raven's home about half and hour later. As they arived they
noted that it was very isolated, victorian looking, and kind of creepy. A
mix
of bikes and cars sat in the driveway, and it seemed that their was
something
going on, but what was going on no one could realy say. Raven opened the
door
and let his new friends enter first. Mihoshi walked ahead of the group, and
was scared senseless when a tall figure in black leaped out from behind with
a dreadfull shreik. Mihoshi stubled back and landed on her backside on the
doorstep, the othrs jumped back in fright. "DREW YOU STUPID BASTARD!!!!!",
Raven hollered. The figure steped out of the shadows with a big grin on his
face. He was a tall kid, with medium length dark-red/brown hair. He was
extremely thin and lanky and dressed completely in black. "Drew, how many
times do I have to tell you, that is not funny anymore?", Raven said while
giving him an evil glare. "About sixhundered and sixtysix. Give or take a
few
thousand.", Drew replied with a crazy laugh.

Once inside Raven flicked a light on. They saw that the place was a bit
dingy. Hardwood floor, scuffed and covered in a mixture of what appeared to
be band logos painted on and remnats of a reicent party.
The walls were white, with posters from industrial metal bands spaced here
and there. The room was large with a high cealing. This made it perfect for
his band to play concerts and practice right in his own home. One wall had a
makeshift stage comming about a foot up it, about 15 feet out from it, and
another 24 feet in length. The words "Manufactured Youth" were spray painted
on the wall on either side, with a curtain directly behind. The stage itself
had all sorts of speakers, wires, drums and other equipment set up on it.

In one corner of the room their was a set of stairs going up. At the time
they were entering a loud "CRASH!!!", sounded from the upstairs. At that
same
moment a small boy half jumped, half fell down the flight. "GOAT!!!!!Get
your
ass back here!!!!!", screamed a voice from upstairs. A young woman in a robe
with a towel round her head came running down after the boy as he made a
bee-line for the door. She threw a bottle of what appeared to be shampoo at
him, he dodged out the door and took off on a bike. When the bottle hit the
wall, a dark green substance exploded forth, splattering all over a "KoRn"
poster and the neighboring walls, cealing, and floor.

"Cass, what'd he do this time?", Raven said looking at her. "The little SOB
put GREEN PAINT in my shampoo!!!!!", she shouted. Raven sighed and told her
to go try to get as much as she could out with his, and that he'd buy some
hair dye to help cover it up. She thanked him and ran back up the stairs.
"What was that about?", asked Washu. "Honestly, I'm not sure you want to
know.", Drew replied as he shut the door and walked back off behind the
curtain.

As Kiyone looked about, she could see that there must be a small group of
teens all living here together. Though they didn't seem to know much about
housekeeping, it was reasonably clean. As she walked into the hall ajoined
to
the front room. The carpet was a dirty brown, and stained. And in one spot
it
looked as if some one had either intentionaly, or accidentaly, ground pizza
into the carpet. The wood panneling in the hall was broken away in a spot
and
hadn't bothered to have been repaired.As she walked by a kitchen, she could
see several boys sitting around a table smoking and playing some sort of
weird card game. She was about to go in and ask what was going on, but Raven
grabed her by the shouder and motioned for her to move on.

As they neared the middle of the hall they came to a room where music was
blasting at an earspliting volume. A brass "6" hung on the door, with the
word "Guage' carved in to the wood underneath it.
The door opened as they passed, and a young man burst into the hall with a
laugh and a big grin. "RAVEN, SUP MAN?", he shouted. "Man 6, you are gonna
go
deaf if you keep listening to music at that volume." Raven said, luahgning
and pushing the boy back into the room. The boy darted out again, "So, this
is the sister we've heard so much about?", he said motioning at Kiyone.
"Yea,
this is Kiyone. Kiyo, this is 6 Guage.". 6 stuck his hand, his only one, out
to Kiyone and she gingerly shook it. The boy laughed and darted back inside
his room slamming the door behind.

As they continued their journey they came to a door with the number "13"
carved in and painted over in black. Raven knocked soundly on the door, and
a
young woman steped out. She was dressed in black, and had blood red hair.
Her
voice gentle, yet demanding, "Raven, what do you want? I was just setting
down to read a book...", "Kitty, I told you not to start with me when I came
to your room. I just wanted to introduce you to my sister, and your new
room-mate, Kiyone.","Well"she paused,"nice have you. Put your stuff on the
left side of the room by the cot.".She then walked off stern and quiet and
settled onto her bed to read.

Raven helped Kiyone get settled, and then left to help the otheres get to
their rooms. As he left Kiyone looked out into the dingy hall and asked
herself, "What have I gotten myself into now?"

(This is the end of part 2. Part 3 will include more characters, and more
mayhem as Raven settles Kiyone's friends into the mix with his.)
