"No Need for Japan":Part 7:House of Horrors

by Raven Makibi

(I don't own Pioneers characters, and they don't own mine. So if you see them 
using my characters withut my permission, let me know. Their could be money 
in that >:). )

Dear Diary,

It's realy getting weird.

The other day, was Halloween. Scariest day of my life.

Raven, and a group of his friends, decided to take a trip out to a old house 
on the edge of the city. It's suposivly haunted, and I honestly believe it 
might actualy be. I know I've said a million times I'm not into 
superstition's in the least, but from what I saw, heard, and felt there is 
something wrong with that place.

The night started off, with a bang. Raven, Mike, Cass, 6 Guage, and Kim came 
down talking about going to this old house to look for ghosts. Raven turned 
to look at me, and asked if I wanted to accompany them. He told me Mihoshi 
was going, as well as Washu, and Ryoko. The invitation seemed inocent enough, 
so I accepted. Bad choice I now see, since I've had little sleep fearing that 
whatever it was in that house followed us to ours.

When we arived, my skin became a roadmap of gooseflesh. I could feel the cold 
sweep over me, but it was a warm night. Mihoshi, I noticed, was clinging to 
Raven like a leach. Not sapping blood, but something less tangible. Royko 
even seem shooken, where as Raven and his friends seemed unmoved. They 
SEEMED, but I could tell Raven could sense the, I guess you'd say evil in the 
house.

We forced our way in the back door, the aged wood giving way and tumbling to 
the floor, sending thick clouds of dust into the stale air. Mike took this 
opportunity to make a joke to lighten the mood, "Lucy, I'm home!" he shouted. 
It was funny, but I was to nervous to laugh. Ryoko, on the other hand, 
laughed so hard she dropped her flashlight. Mihoshi just stood there, and got 
dragged in by Raven, who lead the way.

Once we had "officialy" entered the house, Mike began humming a tune that I 
remembered as the opening theme from "X-Files". This didn't help my nerves 
any, Raven seemed to know this and blindly swung his hand back conecting with 
Mike's chin. The scientest went sprawling, sending Washu and Ryoko into 
rolling fits of laughter. Once they collected themselves, we proceded in 
further.

Most of us carried flashlights, but Cass and 6 Guage each carried a white 
candle. Cass explained it was for our protection. I wasn't sure what she 
ment, but they didn't make me feel the least bit protected.

We entered the main hall soon enough. The acrchitecture was brilliant, alot 
of hard work had gone into making this once beautiful place. Now, with only 
the flashlights and candles lighting it, it gave an unearthly feel to the 
area. It was at this point we decided to split up, one group to go upstairs, 
the other to check the lower levels. Guess which group I was in?

I went with Mike, 6 Guage, Washu and Ryoko. Raven, Cass, Mihoshi and Kim went 
upstairs. How I wish Kim would have switched with me......

As we looked around the ground floor, I began to hear things, little voices 
mostly. Occasionaly accompanied by a faint dripping. Mike kept saying 
"They're here....", like in "Poultergeist", Ryoko and Washu found this 
hillarious, I kept expecting his head to spin in circles. Sure he was funny, 
but the last thing I needed was his type of humor in a place like this. I was 
about to slap him, but then I noticed something running down the wall. I 
shone the flashlight on the substance, and screamed. The scream echoed about 
in the decaying room, I began shaking and closed my eyes so as I would not be 
tempted to look. I heard Mike come up and say, "Oh look!!! Blood on the 
walls, they must REALLY like us!!!". He called 6 Guage over to see, "Look, 
their throwing us a welcoming party!". 6 Guage cringed when he saw that, I 
knew now that he was getting scared, in fact the only one who seemed unmoved 
was Washu. Ryoko had paled several shades. And Mike, I noticed, was wringing 
his hands.

We continued on, for who knows how long. I kept seeing things, hands comming 
from the walls. Faces on the cealing speaking in raspy silence. 6 Guage 
shook, Ryoko was silent, Washu walked aimlessly. I could sense Washu didn't 
have much nerve left. Mike just stood there, saying "Healthy." to each 
incident. I wished something would shut him up.

Finaly, we got to the basement. Mike was the only person brave/stupid enough 
to got down there. When he got halfway down, the door shut, locking behind 
him. He dismissed this as a joke, telling Ryoko that this wasn't funny but 
he'd play along. But Ryoko had vanshied, we later found her out in the car 
crying.

Anyway, Mike continued into the basement. But after we heard him reach the 
bottom, we heard him start to breathe heavely, almost as if panicing. He 
began to talk to someone known as Mari. He kept telling her this was 
impossible, that she was dead. Then the screaming started. He started 
screaming "YOU'RE DEAD!!!! I SAW YOU DIE!!!!!", then came the cries for 
forgiveness. Finaly he sank into a fit of mad swearing to every 
god/goddess/entity he ever heard of. Then we only heard a slight wimpering, 
like a child.

I ran to get Raven, and brought him down. Together, he and 6 Guage broke the 
door down. When they found him, he was in the corner, eyes big as dinner 
plates, wimpering. They carried him out, and up to the van. Ryoko saw him, 
and began doing her best to calm him down.

We then left. I noted the stress eveyone was under as we began home. Raven 
was a little jumpy, Mihoshi was in shock or something, just shaking and 
quiet. Kim was bawling about something. Washu was nervous, but otherwise 
unfazed. 6 Guage was a wreck, and Ryoko and Mike seemed to have a few 
problems to work out. And I could tell that Raven was going to make Mike get 
that interesting set of stains and odors out of the back of the van before 
they used it again.

I, I was shaken up badly. I knew that this was a big risk, going with them. 
But this is more than I expected. But its over, thats the improtant thing. I 
just have to remember not to go anywhere with Raven if I don't know exactly 
what to expect......


Kiyone Makibi, November 1

(No rant this time, sorry.)
 