	Author's Notes:
	Disclaimer: Why bother? You should know this by now.


	Chapter 4 - Kaliska Desdemona vs. Koshiyuki Sakunichi


	"So, this is Sasami, huh?" Koshiyuki said, looking down at 
the blue-haired girl before her. A strange creature was perched 
on her shoulder, looking rather like a mix between a cat and a 
rabbit. "And that's Ryo-Oh-Ki?"

	"Yeah," said Tenchi, laid back on the contraption he called 
a couch.

	"Hiya!" Sasami piped up, giggling childishly.

	"Miyaaa!" Ryo-Oh-Ki mewed, ears perking up for a moment.

	"Hi there, Sasami!" Koshiyuki giggled back, and held her 
hands behind her back.

	"Miyaaa..." Ryo-Oh-Ki mewed sadly.

	"And hi to you too, Ryo-Oh-Ki!"

	"Miya!"

	"And Koshiyuki," Tenchi started, clearing his throat, "This 
is Kiyone and her partner, Mihoshi, of the Galaxy Police."

	As Tenchi spoke, Koshiyuki saw two women step up, one with 
long dark hair and a red headband, wearing a white short-sleeved 
shirt and jeans, the other a blond, wearing a pink sweatshirt and 
khakis.

	"Please to make your acq-acquan-acqua-"
	
	"Acquaintance, Mihoshi. And I am very happy to meet you, 
Miss Koshiyuki."

	"As am I to meet you, Kiyone and Mihoshi."

	"Have you met Ryoko and Ayeka?"

	"Oh, too well. We had a little argument earlier over Tenchi-
san."

	"Yes, that's expected from those two."

	"Great news!" Washuu interrupted, and everyone turned their 
attention to her. "I can get a Shakarian engineer here through 
the minature gateway I built, and she can help me produce 
another!"

	"Well, get to it, Washuu!"

	"She's here. Koshiyuki, I'd like you to meet my temporary 
partner:  Miss Kaliska Desdemona!" Washuu introduced, and Kaliska 
stepped from around the corner, looking as good as Koshiyuki, but 
wearing an engineer's outfit.

	"Kaliska Desdemona?!"

	"Koshiyuki Sakunichi?!"

	"Out of all people, I swear. Fancy meeting you here, eh?"

	"Sooo, Kaliska, they haven't arrested you yet, I see."

	"Grr, I'll have you know they found me perfectly not guilty! 
Besides, we all it was you who setup that murder."

	"Yeah, well, it was in order to pass the class I was in and 
all, so..."

	"No excuses, Koshiyuki! You killed innocent Shakarians over 
your little 'science project'!"

	"I'm sorry, Kaliska, drop dead already!"

	"Why you--" Kaliska growled, and drew an energy pistol, the 
hum of the building energy growing louder.

	"You wouldn't dare!" Koshiyuki shouted, gathering as much 
energy as was needed into her palms.

	"You're right, I wouldn't," Kaliska chuckled, putting the 
pistol away. "I'll only have to see your ugly face for a year, 
after all. I'm only here to help Miss Washuu on her gateway, and 
once we get back home I'll kick your tail!"

	"Agreed," Koshiyuki agreed after a long, confused pause.

	"I'm glad we had this talk, Koshiyuki," Kaliska said, 
grinning.

	
	=^_^=

	And so ends Chapter 4...see how the relationship between 
Koshiyuki and Kaliska changes as this quaint little story 
continues--see Chapter 5! 	
	-Space Pirate Ryoko-chan
	
	
