The Gospel According to Tenchi: a semi-humorous  look at what life in
the Masaki household might be like if Tenchi "got religion" so to speak,
becoming a born again Christian. A third person narrative with first
person interjections from members of the extended Masaki family

No Need for Good News!

One night at dinner, Tenchi stood up to make an announcement that would
forever change the Masaki household. <I can't wait to see their faces>
he thought.  "Everyone, I want to share with you all a decision I made
today."

All actions that normally take place during a family meal halted, as 7
pairs of expectant eyes (8 if you count Washu's monitor recorder)
alighted on Tenchi,  and 8 pairs of chopsticks (and one carrot) fell to
the table top

"At last, he's going to make me his bride" each of the Girls thought to
herself, pictures of the wedding, and especially (in Ryoko's case) of
the honeymoon running through their minds while surreptitiously casting
sidewise smirks at the other Girl. A quite different reaction was going
through the mind of Tenchi's father, as he mentally counted the number
of girls on one hand and [versus]the number of grandchildren he could
expect on the other (and quickly calculated the amount of extra-space
the house would require).  Mihoshi just blinked her eyes expectantly. 
Ryo-ohki looked questionably from Ryoko and Ayeka to Sasami back to
Ryoko,  Sasami, in the meantime clapped her hands and smiled in eager
anticipation of b big-brother Tenchi's announcement, wondering who the
lucky girl was. Grandfather Yosho merely raised an eyebrow, and Washu 
glued her eyes to the screen, cackling with delight, 

A small teardrop formed at the back of Tenchi's  head as he watched the
proceedings, but he pushed on anyway.

"I've been saved!" he announced proudly; awaiting the words of
congratulations  Nothing happened for a moment, and Tenchi began to get
nervous, though he didn't know why.

It took a minute for Tenchi's words to sink in, which was the reason for
the blank stares around the table. Then everyone did a major face-fault.

"What do you mean, Tenchi? Saved by who? From what?" Sasami asked,
finding her voice, and speaking for the group

"Well, Sasami, its like this..." Tenchi said and began an extraordinary
tale of his conversion, beginning with his classmate Ikarii  and ending
with his joining a number of other classmates who answered the Altar
Call of the evangelist.

"And that's when I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal Savior."   When
he finished, he smiled with eyes closed.  It was good to get this off
his chest, he thought to himself. When he opened his eyes he was in for
a shock  Everyone had blank stares as if just having lived through one
of Wahsu's lectures -although as it turned out they had a better chance
of understanding Washu then Tenchi's explanation. Then the reactions set
in.  And if one thought pandemonium reigned in the Masaki household
before, it was as nothing compared to what was let loose now.


Naturally, there were different reactions from different people,
depending on the level and intensity of their affection for Tenchi.



 Ayeka felt an immense sadness overtake her whole body, as disbelief set
in.  The worst thing imaginable had occurred, Tenchi had not chosen her
"oh no," *sniffle* "Lord Tenchi, say it isn't so.  Please, I beg of you,
say it isn't so." Tears forming in her eyes as  more sniffles spilled
from her nose, she looked up at him


For Ryoko it was the opposite tendency: anger, and disbelief washed over
her  "What do you mean, 'saved'? Tenchii??!!" she snarled, fangs bared,
cyan fair bristling  "By who?  When I find him I'm going
to...."[censored mutterings and oaths tumbled out of the space pirate's
mouth] so that he'd wish he'd never been born.!!"  Another sweat-drop
appeared on the back of Tenchi's head, alongside the other one.

Mihoshi bubbles along with no change in her complexion, (and
inadvertently causing a Revival when next she makes her report to the GP
regional HQ); completely mis-understanding the situation, as was usual.
"Oh wow, Tenchi, that's so fascinating.  Um, could you pass the picked
daikon?"

 <what's gotten into my boy?> Nobiyuki thought, denial and disbelief
racing through his hentai-induced mind, as he tried to take stock of the
situation, and utterly failing.

Little Washu's face split into a really big face fault...realizing that
this totally unpredicted  action of Tenchi instantly invalidated all her
theories and behavioral models concerning Tenchi...."oh well, time to
start over again" she said to no one in particular, cracking her
knuckles and summoning her dimensional holo-computer.  An evil grin
spread over her face, replacing the earlier face-fault; afterall,
nothing could stymie the greatest scientific genius in the Universe for
long.

Sasami was, -well Sasami was Sasami. She was the only one, aside from
grandfather to take the announcement  with anything approaching
equanimity  After a moment or two of thoughtful reflection she said
"Well, if this is what you want, Tenchi, then I for one am happy for
you!"  *little Sasami laugh and big Sasami hug follows, Ayeka, Ryoko
break into a major face fault*

Lord Yosho said nothing, merely sipped his tea as he watched the events
unfold before him.

Ayeka started bawling suddenly, the hopelessness of the situation
finally getting the best of her- tears gushing out in a long arc from
her eyes.  Then Ryoko started bawling.  Then Mihoshi started bawling so
as not to feel left out.  Then Rhy-ohki started bawling, because Ryoko
was bawling.  Then Noboyuki started bawling. Finally even Washu was
bawling all over her dimensional holo-computer even though no one could
hear her from inside the Lab. Strangely enough, Yosho and Sasami were
the only one's not crying, though a faint worried look crossed the
little girl's face for a moment..

Time passed slowly, until, unable to bear the crying or the baleful
stares of his companions,  Tenchi excused himself to prepare for bed.
...

Tenchi couldn't understand it, as he walked up to bed later that night;
he wanted his family to be happy for him, happy that he had at last
found true peace and acceptance in the arms of Christ our Lord.  Now
Ryoko and Ayeka could stop fighting over him.  Now Washu could stop
trying to get that last sample from him -his face flushed and a teardrop
appeared just thinking about it- His father could stop pestering him
with his ecci comments about grandchildren and peeping.  And
grandfather? Okay, maybe grandfather would be a bit mift about it since
Tenchi would no longer be taking over the guardianship of the Masaki
Shrine, but still. Grandpa would understand, wouldn't he?  The reactions
he did get though worried him.  He'd hoped for understanding.  But
instead, all he got was blank stares, anger, tears, and most of all
questions...lots and lots of questions.  He sighed as he entered his
room.  Maybe things would be better in the morning

As things turned out, Tenchi was dead wrong:  things did not get better
for Tenchi, in fact he felt more and more nervous as the days went on. 
He was glad he was going to university soon. The girls wouldn't possibly
chase him there, would they? (oh wouldn't they?)

As for the others? Well, to make a long story short (which is really a
longer story for another time) Ayeka  fled home to Jurai, crying (but
she'll be back) Ryoko went looking for the unfortunate individual who
converted Tenchi, prepared to rip his insides out (But she'll be back
too)  Sasami stayed to cook for Tenchi, because well, as she put it 
_somebody_  had to.  Nobuyuki cried his eyes out.  Little Washu locked
herself in her lab, determined to come up with a theory for Tenchi's
extreme behavior (but she'll be back, eventually)  And Grandfather 
simply walked back to the Shrine Office, sipping his tea.


Amen!

Credits:

All characters are owned copyrighted by AIC/Pioneer.  I'm just the baka
who decided to put them into this situation.  I receive nothing but
sheer gratuitous entertainment from this so don't sue okay 8-)

Programme Notes:
This is actually stage one in a three stage project I'm working on,
where I asked myself what would happen if:  Tenchi converted to
Christianity? Just like the actual Tenchi series, each stage in this
project, temporarily entitled "Tenchi Muyo: Evangel" or "The Gospel
According to Tenchi", has a slightly different continuity than the rest.
Stage two will back us up a day to Tenchi's actual conversion
experience. Stage three will go back at least 6 months to a certain
class project. All I ask is that you be patient with me if you haven't
lost interest already. Stages two and three require some research into
Japanese culture and Japanese Christianity. So don't expect them any
time soon.  But they are coming.  Impossible I know, but I like
impossible, taboo  ideas.   One last caveat, this is my first fic,
better ones are coming
