	Taiyokei sat up in her room, thinking over the night before. She 
barely knew Ryoko, and already she had been violated by her. Damn me 
and my animal instincts, Taiyokei grumbled to herself.
	"Such a bitch..." Taiyokei grumbled out loud, "Nani kuso, why do 
I have to have this cursed heritage?!"
	"Did you say something, Taiyo-chan?" Sasami piped up, peeking her 
head in the room. Ryo-Oh-Ki was on her head, peering at Taiyokei.
	"No, Sasami. Say, is breakfast ready?"
	"It's been ready, silly Taiyo-chan!"
	"What?! Why didn't you or Ryo-Oh-Ki come and get me?!" Taiyokei 
snapped, blinking at her own words.
	Sasami started crying. "I'm sorry, Taiyo-chan," she whined, and 
ran off crying.
	"Sasami!" Taiyokei yelled after her, but it was too late. The 
confused Andromedan ran her hands through her hair and sighed deeply. 
"So," she mumbled, closing her eyes, "it's already started."

						******************

	Taiyokei found herself out of the Masaki house and at the edge of 
the giant lake outside. It was peaceful here, where she couldn't force 
her uncontrolled feelings on anyone else, and above all, it was calm, 
very--
	"Taiyokei!!" shouted a voice, whom Taiyokei recognized as Ayeka.
	"Yes, Ayeka?"
	"What have you done to Sasami?! She is crying her tiny eyes out 
over you! Tell me, you tailed barbarian!"
	"I'm sorry, Ayeka. These emotions are totally uncontrolled and 
tend to change without warning, now that my cycle has begun."
	"Excuse me? Your what?"
	"My heat cycle. A period of mood swings and easier arousal."
	"Oh," Ayeka mumbled, sweatdropping, "I had no idea. My apologies, 
Taiyo-san."
	"Don't be sorry, it's all my fault. I'll go apologize to Sasami."
	Ayeka nodded and started for the house again, content with 
Taiyokei's reasons.

						*******************
	
	Taiyokei stayed in her room for the remainder of the day, 
patiently waiting for her dreaded cycle to end. She was afraid to go 
downstairs, for snapping at the wrong person--mainly Ryoko--could mean 
serious trouble. She had apologized to Sasami for her actions, and got 
Sasami to stop crying and trust her again. It worried Sasami, however, 
that Taiyokei couldn't be budged from her room to go eat. She tried 
sending Ryo-Oh-Ki, then herself, then she sent Ryoko. All three 
couldn't move her.
	"I need to find a way home," Taiyokei mumbled, "This life is 
torture, I can't live here! I need to be home, in bed with my mate--
but wait, he'd smell Ryoko's scent all over me...kuso! It seems that 
arrogant bitch Ryoko has eternally damned me!" Taiyokei shouted, 
slamming her fist on the desk she was sitting at. 
	"Taiyokei?" whispered a voice behind her, faintly familiar.
	The tailed, lavender-haired woman spun around and saw herself 
face-to-face with--Ryoko.
	"Nani?! Ryoko, what are you doing in here?!" Taiyokei snapped, 
then noticed the welling tears in the space pirate's eyes.
	"I heard what you said about me..." she whispered, implying she 
was afraid to talk out loud.
	"Ryoko, I..." Taiyokei began, and stopped completely.
	"You what?"	
	"I...I lo-"
	"Say it, Taiyokei."
	Taiyokei knew what Ryoko was trying for. If she admitted that she 
loved her, she would have to submit to Ryoko--did she know that? Then 
the Andromedan got an idea.
	"I've got it!"
	Ryoko jumped back. "You've got what?!"
	"The perfect plan," Taiyokei replied, then stood up and faced 
Ryoko. "Now, as for you, Ryoko-san, no more of this crying. I'll be 
back," she mumbled, and ran downstairs, ready to open the door to 
Washu's lab.
	"What're you doing, Taiyokei?" asked Tenchi, who was just walking 
in the door with Nobuyuki and Ayeka, and Taiyokei could plainly see 
they'd gone shopping.
	"I need to speak with Washu, Tenchi."
	"With Washu, eh?" Nobuyuki interrupted, putting the large bags 
down and taking his coat off, "What could be that important?"
	"You'll see," Taiyokei said, winking to the three, and 
disappearing into Washu's subdimensional lab.
	Inside the door was a large, almost empty, metal room. Various 
cylindrical tanks and machines covered the room, and even Taiyokei's 
breathing echoed around the walls. "Washu?" she called, cupping her 
hands around her mouth to get more volume, wincing at the result. 
Another wooden door appeared out of nowhere beside her, and it opened, 
revealing a yawning Washu.
	"Who's there and whaddya need?" she asked, stretching out.
	"Washu, it's me, Taiyokei. I need your help."
	"Oh, really? Hmm...with what?" Washu piped up, giggling.
	"It's something that only you can do. It's nothing big, but I 
trust only you."
	"Hmm, hai, get on with it."
	"Gomen, Washu-san. I need to know if you can remove my tail--for 
good."
	"For good? As in--it'll never grow back?"
	"Hai, Washu-san."
	"Daijoubu, Taiyokei-san. But the process may come as a bit of a 
surprise to you."
	"I don't care, Washu. Get rid of it."
	"All right," Washu agreed, and pushed random buttons on her 
translucent laptop as it appeared. At the push of a red button, a 
mechanical bed raised out of an opening pair of panels in the floor, 
and came to stop at Taiyokei's waist. "Lay down," Washu instructed, 
pointing to the bed, and once Taiyokei settled in, the bed locked her 
in place and began the anesthetics. The lavender-haired woman felt 
drowsy, and soon fell into a deep sleep.

						*******************

	The now tail-less Taiyokei woke up to the sound of Ryoko, trying 
to wake her up. Taiyokei blinked and sat up, feeling the bandaged 
around her abdomen. She wore only underwear and her usual gi pants, 
but saw her shirt was removed, exposing her soft, full breasts. She 
then looked up at Ryoko, who was now smiling.
	"So, you're awake."
	"Iie, I still feel drowsy..."
	"Washu said it'll be normal for you to feel that way because half 
of your heritage is lying in one of those tanks," Ryoko stated, 
pointing to a tank containing her beautiful, white tail. "You do know 
the process is irreversible, ne?"
	"Hai, I was told this. It's time I changed my life, Ryoko--I'm 
not going back home at all."
	Ryoko sighed, not knowing whether to smile or frown at the news, 
so she continued to stare at Taiyokei.
	"Kire..."
	"Nani? What're you looking at?"
	"You. You're so beautiful..."
	"Don't think about it, Ryoko no baka."
	"All right, all right, fine."
	"Now, where's my shirt?"
	"Over there."
	"Doko?"
	"Over there," Ryoko repeated, pointing to a table holding the 
tank with her tail in it, her shirt--which was neatly folded--and Tai-
ken.
	"Good. Could you fetch my shirt for me, Ryoko-san?"
	"Come and get it," Ryoko said, and when Taiyokei turned around, 
she saw Ryoko, standing by the door--holding her shirt and grinning.
	"Ryoko!" Taiyokei yelled, leaping off of the table and running at 
Ryoko. The devious space pirate simply teleported away, reappearing 
behind Taiyokei, still holding her shirt.
	"Not fast enough!" Ryoko teased, and teleported away again.
	"Ryoko, you little bitch, that's my favorite shirt!" Taiyokei 
shouted, searching frantically for Ryoko.
	"Awww, poor Taiyokei can't find her shirt...wonder what Ryoko 
wants for the shirt?" Ryoko's voice echoed.
	"All right, you seductive little bitch, what do you want?"
	"You know what I want, Taiyo-chan."
	"Absolutely not, Ryoko. Now give me my shirt!"
	"It doesn't work that way. That's what I want, and you can give 
it to me, or I get to keep your shirt!"
	"Ryoko, you bitch! I made that shirt when I was 15! It's been in 
my life for two years, you can't take it from me! It holds so much 
sentimental value to me, so just...give it back!"
	"Really? When you were 15? Why did you make it?"
	"Because I trained extremely hard to master the Andromedan 
martial arts," Taiyokei whined, ready to burst into tears, "and that 
shirt was made to symbolize my mastery! Give it back!"
	"Awwww, don't cry, Taiyo-chan," Ryoko whispered, now behind 
Taiyokei, stroking her hair, "You can have your shirt," she finished 
with a "hmph", and tossed the shirt over Taiyokei's shoulder, 
disappearing.
