
	Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! is the property of Pioneer LDC, AIC, and 
the creator of Tenchi Muyo! (who I've found to be many different 
people, as so many people have their different opinions), and this 
fanfic is the property of Space Pirate Ryoko-chan, who put a lot of 
her valuable time IRL to create this fanfic, so don't hate it too 
much.


	Koshiyuki steps onto the stage, holding a piece of paper--which 
she seems very confused about--and takes her place in the middle, her 
furry, greyish tail flicking about. She then clears the throat, and 
takes her attention off the paper and faces you.
	"We now introduce the fanfic..." she begins, then stops and peers 
at the paper she was holding, and once again brings her attention to 
you. "The fanfic 'No Need for Another Demoness', by Space Pirate 
Ryoko-chan. No, the Ryoko who wrote this fic and the one in the fic 
are not the same person and the author would appreciate it if you did 
not think so."
	"I DID NOT TELL YOU TO SAY THAT!" yells a voice off-stage.
	"Whatever," Koshiyuki snorts, and walks off stage, yelling the 
words, "Let the fanfic begin!"


	
	Washuu jumped for joy, well, almost. Her newest invention was 
complete--the InterDimensional Gateway. It was given such a name 
simply because such a...a simple piece of work like it didn't need a 
fancy name. This Gateway enabled her to peek into other dimensions, 
and pick out the people she desired to bring to her dimension, and at 
this point, she was looking for a particular person.
	
	Someone to aggravate her daughter, Ryoko, and someone else to get 
Tenchi closer to her. Her so-called "guinea pig" had been avoiding her 
as much as possible, and now was the time for revenge. Washuu cackled 
and began pushing and flipping the controls, the huge machine humming 
to the life, a blue energy forming in the middle of the empty circular 
gateway.

	"Now," Washuu spoke, her voice echoing with the hum of the 
machine, "the time has come to call the required people!" She cackled 
after, and instantly, the machine brought up the profiles of two 
people, one was classified as a Jakarian demoness, the other as a 
Shakadurian prophetess. Perfect, Washuu thought. The demoness--who was 
named Koshiyuki--would aggravate Ryoko to the point of total insanity, 
forcing her to turn to her mother! Washuu giggled. And the prophetess 
would win Tenchi's heart, blocking Aeka totally out of his mind, and 
Ryoko would be too busy fighting Koshiyuki to seduce Tenchi. How 
wonderful!

	The gateway flashed, and instantly the two depicted profiles 
dissipated into pure energy, floating in front of Washuu and 
materializing into people:  the first one was Koshiyuki, the other was 
the prophetess Miakoda Sakura.

	"Huh? Now where the hell am I?!" Koshiyuki shouted, resting her 
hands on her hips, the bikini top she was wearing stretching out, 
showing off her cleavage perfectly. Washuu grinned, this was too 
perfect. A body like that would make even Ryoko jealous!

	"Yes, I do recall being in the council room," Sakura spoke next, 
examining her surroundings.
	
	"Um, let me explain," Washuu spoke up, clearing her throat to 
talk. "My name is Washuu--but you can call me Washuu-chan--and I 
brought you here to this dimension through my greatest invention yet, 
the InterDimensional Gateway...thing...and I have somethings to ask of 
you."
	
	"If it pays well, yeah sure," Koshiyuki snorted, jerking her head 
back to brush the locks of her dark lavender hair that were resting on 
her shoulders.

	"Oh, a favor. Well, as a prophetess, yes, I must comply."
	
	"Good. Now, Koshiyuki," Washuu began. "There is someone I'd like 
you to meet. And same goes for you Sakura. I won't tell you every 
detail of the tasks I have for you, but very soon it will all be 
clear."

	"Who are we meeting?" Sakura questioned, both her and Koshiyuki 
wearing perplexed looks.

	"Come with me," Washuu instructed, and escorted them out of the 
lab.


	=^_^=


	"Tenchi!" Ryoko shouted. She hadn't seen Tenchi all day, and she 
knew that he wasn't off flirting with Aeka, she had just seen her in 
the kitchen with Sasami-chan. "Tenchi!" she yelled, again, and this 
time, got a response, but not from who she wanted one from.
	
	"Ryoko-chan!" Washuu shouted, smiling, two strange people 
following her closely. "I'd like you to meet someone."

	"Oh yeah? Who?"

	"This is Koshiyuki, Ryoko, a Jakarian demoness from an alternate 
dimension."

	"Another one of your dumb experiments, eh? Well, hi Koshi-
whatever."
	
	"Koshiyuki," Koshiyuki snapped, glaring at Ryoko. Ryoko glared 
right back, and Washuu smiled. The two already were getting a grudge 
against one another.

	"And Sakura, you'll follow me," Washuu interrupted, and led 
Sakura off.

	"So, you're Ryoko Masaki, hmm? I've gotten some background info 
on you." Koshiyuki said with an uncaring tone, floating up to eye 
level with Ryoko.

	"Then it's time for me to learn about you, Koshi...yuki. Damn, 
your name is difficult!"

	"It's Jakarian for 'Dishonorable One'."

	"Figures. You look more dishonorable than I do."

	"Listen, you little bitch, I didn't get transferred all the way 
from my home--against my will at that--to hear your screeching voice 
insult me like the drop-dead slut you are!"

	"What did you just call me?!"

	"I may be a lesbian, but hell, I wouldn't fuck you for all the 
Jakarian bakars in the world!"

	"Would you like to prove that, you little whore?!"

	"Wait just a minute!" Washuu yelled, stopping the two. Her plan 
had worked out better than she thought. "Ryouko, Koshiyuki, calm down! 
You two just met, for Tsunami's sake!"

	"Washuu, did you bring me here to get killed or something? Ryoko 
here has a better chance of killing me than I do killing her!"

	"I do?"
	
	"Yes! I'm still in training, and I don't intend on killing anyone 
until I graduate!"

	"Washuu, what's the meaning of this?!" interrupted another voice. 
Washuu looked over her shoulder, and saw a really angry Aeka storming 
towards her, Sakura following her, an angry look on her face as well. 
Washuu's plan was failing.

	"What is the meaning of all this?!" Sakura shouted, and then Aeka 
spotted Koshiyuki, and Sakura spotted Ryoko.

	"And who is that?!" Sakura and Aeka shouted in chorus.

	"I am Koshiyuki, demoness-in-training the planet Jakar. And you 
are?" Koshiyuki questioned, turning to Aeka.

	"I am Aeka, First Princess of Jurai Royal Family."

	"And I am Sakura Miakoda, Prophetess of the planet Shakaduras," 
Sakura introduced herself, turning to Ryoko.

	"I am Ryoko Masaki, bethrothed to Tenchi Masaki."

	"You are not!" Aeka snapped, furiously red in the face.

	"Am so, you little snob! You're just jealous."
	
	"Grrr..."

	"Umm, what's going on?" interrupted someone else, and everyone 
turned to find Tenchi--Sakura and Koshiyuki staring with the biggest 
confused looks.

	"And you are?" Sakura questioned, addressing the young man before 
her.

	"Are you new here? My name's Tenchi Masaki, I live here."

	"We figured that," Koshiyuki snorted. "And it's because of your 
little friend Washuu here that Sakura and I are here."

	Washuu blushed, and took the moment to back out and run away, 
locking herself in her lab before anyone could get her.

	"Washuu!" Ryoko shouted, angry as Aeka was a few seconds ago, and 
started pounding away on the lab door.

	"All right, all right!" yelled Washuu from inside. "I'll send 
them back where they came from! The door's unlocked!"

	Ryoko had already found that out, however, for she was trying to 
break the door down, and went flying into the lab. Aeka giggled, 
Tenchi held his laughter in--for he knew the consequences--and 
Koshiyuki and Sakura burst out laughing. Washuu was busy working on 
the gateway, the machine humming over the laughter, the familiar blue 
energy breaking through again.

	Koshiyuki and Sakura stopped laughing and took their places in 
front of the gateway, and Washuu pushed the large blinking red button 
before her, the gateway's energy expanding and spreading over the two 
strangers, and in a blinding flash of light, then energy dissipated--
and there stood Koshiyuki!

	"What the-?!" Washuu shouted, and began examining every detail of 
the teleportation sequence. Then, without warning, the entire machine 
began humming wildly, the pitch of the hum growing higher and higher, 
until finally, the gateway collapsed and the computer controlling it 
exploded in a fury of sparks and flames.

	"I guess that means I'm not going back to Jakar," Koshiyuki 
mumbled. "But what about Sakura?"

	"I looked her up just before the machine exploded. She's gone, 
for real, never to return anywhere."

	Koshiyuki winced. Of all the deaths she'd seen her clan perform, 
that had to be the worst. It also had to be the second most painful 
death she'd witnessed, other than her own parents' death.

	"Koshiyuki?" Ryoko interrupted, breaking the silence. "Koshiyuki, 
are you okay?"

	"Yes, Ryoko, I'm fine. I'm just...thinking."

	"Of what?"

	"Things, Ryoko. Things."

	"Well," Washuu spoke up with a sigh, "I guess that means 
Koshiyuki is staying with us until I can get another gateway up."

	"And how long will this take?" Koshiyuki asked. 

	"I don't know, Koshiyuki. I don't know."

	Koshiyuki sighed. This could be the longest trip away from home 
she would ever have. But then again, it could turn out to be a really 
fun vacation.




	So, was the story okay? It's not my first fanfic, but it's my 
first fanfic hosted online! If you liked it, send some suggestions and 
comments and stuff to SpacePirateRyoko@eudoramail.com but don't spam 
the hell outta me.
