	Author's Pre-Story Notes: Okay, first of all, spellings. I 
know that half of you that have acutally read this story are 
screaming, "WASHU'S NAME IS SPELLED W-A-S-H-U, DAMNIT!" The truth 
is, I know. I really don't even like spelling her name like that, 
but sometimes I just don't care, and if you're watchful, you can 
catch me going on and off with the double U's in her name. 
Another thing I've gotten complaints about: Koshiyuki's 
lesbianism...ah, yes. Let's just get one thing straight, I don't 
give a damn what you think about my story plot, if you don't like 
it--STOP READING IT FOR GOD'S SAKE! And another thing:  The 
Katsuhito-Yosho thing. Could someone PLEASE confirm this for me? 
God, I've heard soooo many stories saying one or the other, and 
frankly, I'm confused. Thank you.

	Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! is the property of Pioneer LDC and 
AIC, and if you were too dumb to figure that out by now, you need 
help. This fanfic and the characters Koshiyuki and Kaliska are 
the property of ME, Space Pirate Ryoko-chan, and if I catch you 
stealing them, you'll just have made a new enemy. Have a nice day 
:D


	Chapter 3 - Koshiyuki Thinks Twice

	
	Tenchi and Koshiyuki walked around the area near the Masaki 
house, investigating the little things and avoiding the questions 
about the inexplicable. Koshiyuki gained as much knowledge as she 
could from her guide, learning about the various seasons of this 
planet, which Tenchi referred to as "Earth", and the different 
countries and cities he knew of.
	She also learned how many things came be, as Tenchi had been 
told himself, and of the different species of flora and fauna 
around her. She was amazed at what she learned about the planet, 
and, as the two grew exhausted, they sat down to rest.

	"So, Tenchi," began Koshiyuki.

	"Hmm?"

	"Now that I've learned of the planet, tell me about your 
family. Y'know, Ryoko, Ayeka, your father..." she spoke again, 
trailing off.

	"Well, Ryoko, Washuu, Sasami, Ayeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and 
Ryo-Oh-Ki aren't really my family, but I consider them to be, I 
suppose. My father is an architect, and my grandfather is an 
honorable man. He trains me constantly."

	"What are their names? And what is an...architect?"

	"Don't tell me they don't have those on Jakar, either."

	"They don't."

	"I didn't think so. Well, an architect is a person who 
designs buildings for other people, whether it's a house or a 
shopping mall."

	"What's a--"

	"A shopping mall is a place where people can go to buy 
various things."

	"Like a trading post?"

	"Er, yeah. A trading post."

	Koshiyuki blinked. This place was stranger than Zandramas, 
the homeplanet of their darkest enemies. 

	"And my father's name is Nobuyuki; my grandfather is 
Katsuhito, also known as Yosho."

	"Hmm. And your mother?"

	"She...she died. When I was little."

	"Ohhh, I'm sorry. My parents were killed, right before my 
eyes."

	"Really? What for?"

	"Back when I was little, Jakarian demons and demonesses had 
no rights, and we were burned alive if we were caught, so we hid 
in the shadows, so to speak. At the time, I had gotten sick, and 
our family desperately needed food, so my father risked his life 
to try to get me something. Unfortunately, he failed, and they 
caught him. 
	They forced him to tell where we were hiding, and when my 
mother heard them, she hid me the best she could, but failed as 
well. They caught me, and slowly burnt my parents alive, forcing 
me to watch. I was planned to be next, but a High Council demon 
known as Tokeipi saved me, his minions destroying the small human 
troop.
	He took me to Jakar-Yin, on the other side of the planet, 
where I would be safe, since the demonic population there is 
about ninety-five percent. I was raised up by Tokeipi's daughter, 
Takura, and once I hit 20, I was enrolled in Jakar-Yin-Go, the 
best university on that side of Jakar. I took classes in Jak-Ar-
Do, the highest form of martial arts a demon/demoness can learn, 
for almost 4 years, until Washu brought me here."

	"That's quite a story!" Tenchi exclaimed, wide-eyed.

	"I know. I'm quite a person, Tenchi," Koshiyuki spoke, 
almost a whisper.

	"Yes, I noticed," Tenchi agreed, and stood up, facing the 
direction of the house. "Well, we should get back. Sasami should 
be starting dinner soon."

	"Tenchi," Koshiyuki spoke, running up ahead of him, "I want 
to thank you."

	"For what?"

	"I'm having second thoughts about this world. I want to stay 
forever."

	"I don't know if I can arrange for that, Koshiyuki," Tenchi 
spoke, a tone of sadness in his voice.

	"I know, I know. But, this world is so perfect. I don't want 
to go back!"

	"We'll see, Koshiyuki, we'll see."

	"Thank you, Tenchi-san. Now, I want to see this Sasami 
person."

	"What, you haven't met her yet?"

	"Iie. Or these people you call Kiyone, Mihoshi or Ryo-Oh-
Ki."
	
	"Then we shall just have to arrange for a meeting at dinner, 
then. Let's be heading back now."

	"Right," Koshiyuki agreed, and the two started walking back 
towards the Masaki house. They were silent as they walked, their 
footsteps and the sounds of the creatures Tenchi called "birds" 
chirping being the only sounds audible. However, that was changed 
once they began to emerge from the thick patch of trees.

	"Tenchi!" yelled Ryoko and Ayeka in unison, both as angry as 
ever.

	"Uh oh," Tenchi muttered, gulping.

	"Uh oh indeed," Koshiyuki agreed, as petrified as Tenchi 
was.

	"So, Koshiyuki, we give you a chance to prove yourself not 
interested in Tenchi and here you go, flirting with him! The 
nerve!" shouted Ayeka, fists clenched.

	"Yeah! I have every notion to teach you a thing or two!" 
Ryoko snarled, cracking her knuckles.

	"And you, Tenchi! What have you been doing?! Kissing? 
Hugging? Anything ELSE?!"

	"No, no, no, no! I took her for a walk, and that's all! Why 
would I lie to you two of all people?!"

	"In order to get us off your back so you can take her!"

	Koshiyuki, at this point, was furious. How could they be so 
blind?
	
	"Argghhh..." she grumbled, fists clenched as much as 
Ayeka's, "You two are so stupid! I'm a lesbian for crying out 
loud!"

	Ryoko and Ayeka blinked, and just stood there.

	"Well, at least they've stopped," Tenchi sighed.

	"For now," Koshiyuki sighed back.

	Maybe Ryoko and Ayeka fought often enough to drive anyone 
mad, but this place was magnificent in Koshiyuki's eyes. But, 
then again, in the eyes of a misfit brought up in the world of 
technology, anything looks good. But she was definitely thinking 
twice about this whole "staying here" thing. It sounded great, 
and maybe, even perfect.
	
