"No Need for True Love"
a Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic written by
Heather McNully AKA Sakuya Misaki AKA Ran-chan

Part 1

The evening begins as a normal dinner in the Masaki household. Tenchi,
Ryoko, Kiyone, and the rest of the gang are gathered around the table,
happily talking about the day's events and scarfing down another of
Sasami's culinary masterpieces.
	"Aren't we all just one big happy family now!" Nobiyuki declares, "I
can remember when it was just us guys. Now look at us! We've had so many
additions to our household in the past few months. It's been about four
or five months, hasn't it?"
	"Yes," Ryoko proclaims grabbing Tenchi, "And soon there will be even
more additions. When Tenchi and I get married and start a family of our
own! Isn't that right Tenchi?"
	"Miss Ryoko," Ayeka fumes, "would you kindly release Lord Tenchi and
allow him a moment's peace so that he can enjoy this meal? Can't you see
that you are upsetting him?"
	"Oh, c'mon! What would bug him is if you were to be the one holding on
to him. Can't you see that we're deeply in love? Well, I guess you just
wouldn't understand... to him you're just a nuisance, the girl who is in
the way. Can't you see he doesn't want you around?! Why don't you just
leave already so Tenchi and I can be alone together? Tenchi loves me,"
turning to Tenchi Ryoko asks, "Isn't that right Tenchi?"
	"Well, I...", Tenchi stutters.
	"Is this true Tenchi?" Ayeka asks, very hurt and desperately seeking an
answer.
	Tenchi is speechless not knowing exactly what to say.
	"I just cannot take it anymore! I must really be a nuisance..... Well,
if no one wants me around, then.... I guess.... I'll leave.
Good-bye...Lord Tenchi..," Ayeka sobs fleeing from the house.
"Ayeka! Don't go!" Tenchi cries running to the distraught princess' aid. 
	Ryoko attaches herself to his arm, "Don't worry about her! Stay with
me! Why don't you just let her go back to Jurai where she belongs? We'd
all be a lot happier! Tenchi!" Tenchi frees himself from her grasp and
takes off after Ayeka.
	"Ayeka," Tenchi calls out in search of the princess. Sensing where she
is, he searches around her ship, Ryo-oh. Sure enough, he finds her
sitting beneath the giant tree in the middle of the lake, weeping. He
inches towards her, not knowing quite what to say. "Ayeka. I've never
seen you get this upset. I..."
"Tenchi," Ayeka begins suddenly, "I'm tired of the secrets. I can take
it no more. I-I must let you know how I... how I truly feel...
Tenchi....."
Ayeka stands and slowly moves in closer to Tenchi. Gently, she takes his
face in her hands. She presses closer as their lips touch and finally
lock in a beautiful kiss, but only for a moment as their peace is
shattered by a scream from a furious and heart-broken Ryoko.
	"All right, Ayeka!!", Ryoko shouts through the tears, "We end this now!
This is a fight to the ultimate finish... for Tenchi!"
	Ayeka, scared out of her mind, simply stands there in shock as Ryoko
delivers the first blow. She is knocked off her feet, whaling in terror
to the ground.
	"If this is the way it must be...," Ayeka staggers to her feet
regaining her composure, "I am willing to risk it all... for Tenchi!"
The blocks that usually appear when Ayeka is preparing to battle do
appear, but they are much bigger and more deadly. Each is almost the
size of Ryoko. The two girls' fury combines and illuminates the sky.
	Their force fields take some of the impact, but it is not enough to
protect them from the other's blast. Their tempers soar. Shock wave
after shock wave forces them off their feet, their backs becoming
bruised from being slammed against the ground. With their teeth clinched
and every muscle in their bodies tense and straining, they charge up for
another blast. Debris flies in every direction causing Tenchi and
everyone witnessing the battle to duck.
	"Washu! Can't you do something?!" Sasami yells.
	Washu simply stands there, "I just can't believe it..."
	Mihoshi holds Kiyone tight, both are wide-eyed in fear, Mihoshi cries
like a baby and Kiyone stands there in complete awe. The peaceful night
is completely destroyed by numerous screams and explosions. Even
Grandfather Yosho shows signs of fear. He sits a safe distance away from
the action praying hard. So hard that sweat begins to form on his brow.
Ryo-ohki dives into a basket of carrots for protection, but doesn't eat
a bite. The two girls are becoming bruised and battered. They are
becoming more and more unstable and begin to wobble a little more as
they regain their composure after each attack. Both are getting weary,
but continue to fight with just as much power and force as before.
Frantic and fearing for her sister's and friend's life, Sasami rushes
between the girls. "No! Ayeka, Ryoko! You have to stop", she yells as
tears well up in her eyes, "someone will get hurt! Please! I beg of you!
STOP!!" There is a streak of panic across her face as neither pays any
attention to her cries of distress and deliver their blows which hit
Sasami instead of their original target. 
Sasami is hurled toward the ground by the force of the blasts. Sasami
lies there sprawled out on the ground, barely moving, whimpering in
fear. Her leg is broken and she can't manage to move herself out of the
way of the two. 
Sasami's fate looks bleak as Ryoko and Ayeka prepare for another attack,
but just then, like a savior sent from heaven, Tenchi pulls out his
Sword Tenchi and with one mighty blow of his Jurain power reverses the
blasts that were inadvertently headed for Sasami toward their owners.
The force of the shock pushes the girls back and away from one another
as they are flung to the ground as though they were simply rag dolls.
The girls try to regain their balance and figure out what just happened.
"*I* will end this now!!" Tenchi proclaims. "How can either of you claim
to be fighting for love?! You don't care who you hurt as long as you
win. You scared everyone to death. You almost killed Sasami! She has
done nothing but care for you and try to stop you from killing each
other and this is how you repay her?! Don't you realize what you have
done? I don't think I want anymore to do with you. In fact I don't even
think that I want to see your faces ever again." With that, Tenchi
gently lifts Sasami into his arms and carries the shocked little
princess into the house without looking back, leaving Ryoko and Ayeka,
both in total shock at what has just occurred, to find their own way
back.   
Inside the house, Washu begins to heal Sasami's wounds. "I'll get
something that will fix you right up, Sasami." Washu says smiling,
"Everything will turn out okay."
"Miya," comforts Ryo-ohki as she snuggles up against the bruised and
tearful little girl.  
	"Yah!" Mihoshi breaks in, "You just hold on, Sasami! Like they say,
every gray cloud has a silver lining!"
	"Hey, Sasami, is there anything I can get you?", Kiyone offers.
"No thanks", she whispers. Sasami smiles a little and begins to stroke
Ryo-ohki.
***
Tenchi spent the rest of the night by Sasami's side. He stays awake
trying to figure things out. This feeling of hatred he now had for Ayeka
and Ryoko is like nothing he has felt before. "How could they do this?"
he thinks. This thought reoccurs over and over again in his mind. It was
then, as he finally began to doze off, that he realized what he must do.
***
"Tenchi..."  
Tenchi jumps back almost falling backwards. "Grandpa! How did you..."
"Tenchi, don't you know that they will realize that you're gone and go
looking for you?"
"I know, but I don't care. I have to get away, just for a while.
Grandpa... I just can't accept what they did. I have never been so angry
in all my life. Please give them this note that I was just going to
leave on my bed and read it to them."
"I'm sorry. I can not do that."
"What?"
"I can't allow you to leave, Tenchi. You must face this adversity and
triumph over it. You're the only family that your father has now besides
me and Tenchi, I don't have much longer. I'm an old man you know and I
feel that I don't have much time left."
"Then grandfather, I will stay for you."
"No. Don't stay for me. Stay for your friends and for your father. I
know that you still love both Ryoko and Ayeka even though you can't
forget what they did."
***
For a long time afterward, little was seen of Tenchi. Even though she
knew that she could, Ryoko didn't try to come through his wall or
disturb his walk to or from school. She just sat in trees, watching him
like a cat. She didn't dare go too near to him, not now. Not with the
way he felt about her now.
"Oh, Tenchi... If only you could see that what I did, I did for you!"
Ryoko thought, "I didn't mean to hit Sasami. All I could see was Ayeka
and the image of you and her.... I can't even bring myself to think
about it! It's too painful! Why does this have to happen? Why must
everything be so complicated? Maybe there just is no need for true
love....."

End of Part 1 of No Need for True Love
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Part 2 of No Need for True Love

	"TV dinners again?" Mihoshi groans. Her stomach is growling and an
appetite like hers isn't easily satisfied with frozen food. "But... I
guess I'll just have to deal with it until you get better, Sasami, but
don't rush now! There's no hurry. You just take as long as you need to
get better..." The thought of more frozen dinners makes her stomach
growl even louder. 
	"Hey, Sasami! Do you feel like doing something today? It's such a
pretty day and Kiyone and I could take you out and we could sit on the
lawn and play games or go to the zoo, or the park!!! Wouldn't that be
fun? Or maybe we could go swimming in the lake......"
	"Mihoshi!" Kiyone reprimands her dim-witted partner, "Sasami can't go
swimming with a cast on her foot!" Kiyone turns to Sasami, "What would
you like to do today, Sasami?"
	"Well... whatever you want to do is fine with me. I really don't know
what I want to do....Hey!" she exclaims, her face brightening, "Maybe
Ayeka would like to come with us! She hasn't gone anywhere in a while
and some fresh air might cheer her up! Would you ask her? Please,
Kiyone?"
	"Well....," Kiyone hesitates. Ayeka hasn't been out of her room in
quite a while, especially when Tenchi is around. She only comes out when
it is absolutely necessary and that is rare. "OK," Kiyone finally
responds, "we don't have to work today so why not?"
	"Yeah!" Sasami cheers.
	Kiyone walks cautiously up the stairs "Um, Miss Ayeka?!" Kiyone gently
knocks on the princess' door when she has arrived. 
	"Yes?" is Ayeka's muffled answer.
	"Uh, Sasami, Mihoshi, and I were going to do some things today. Sasami
decided she was feeling well enough to maybe go to the zoo and she was
wondering if maybe you would like to go, too."
	No answer.
	"Miss Ayeka? It would really mean a lot to her. She really wants you to
come."
	After a few moments of silence Ayeka finally responds, "Please
apologize to Sasami for me. I don't really feel like getting out today."
	"Are you sure? We could wait for you to get cleaned up and dressed if
that's what you want."
	"No... No, I just can't get out today. Tell her I'm sorry."   
	"Well, okay, if that's really how you want it...."
	"It is, now please go," is Ayeka's final word.
	Kiyone lets out a deep sigh as she trudges back downstairs.
	"I'm sorry Sasami, but she doesn't feel like getting out today." Kiyone
notices the girls face start to dim, "We can try again tomorrow. Don't
worry. She won't stay in there forever."
	"I'm not so sure about that," Sasami mutters.
***
	There has been definite tension in the Masaki household since that
night. After the incident, Azaka and Kamadake, the princesses'
guardians, became very worried with the health and welfare of both
Sasami and Ayeka. They wanted Sasami to return immediately to Jurai for
medical treatment, but she refused to leave and with grandfather Yosho
and Washu working on Sasami's quick recovery, their minds were soon put
at ease. Washu made a high-powered machine for Sasami that resembled a
wheel chair. It was high-tech enough to run video games from it's
terminal, which could also be used as a laptop computer or a TV, and the
chair itself could even be used in space travel, but low-tech enough to
where Sasami could have someone to push her around and it even offered a
seat especially for Ryo-ohki because Washu knew that would make Sasami
happy. Of course since Sasami was confined to a wheelchair, she couldn't
cook or do much housework, but she did what she could to help.
Kiyone and Mihoshi had become Sasami's big sisters as Ayeka was almost
always locked in her room crying. They took Sasami out whenever she was
up to it. It was hard for them to miss as much work as they did, but it
didn't seem to bother worrisome Kiyone as much as some would think.
Kiyone was more than happy to miss work if it would cheer up the poor
little princess and Mihoshi had someone to play with now. The two spent
most of their time in the Masaki house. 
Ayeka avoided her sister more than she did anyone else. She was
completely in shame for what she did and placed all the blame on
herself. She thought that she could not apologize enough for what could
have happened to her sister so she has locked herself in her room for
the past few days.
Tenchi was only seen after he returned home from school and at meal
time. He made sure to get out of the house before anyone else was awake
and on days when he didn't have school he usually took long walks around
the lake or to town to hang out with some of his friends from school. He
did just about anything to have an excuse not to be there when Ayeka or
Ryoko were there. He wanted to just leave, to runaway, but he remembered
his promise to his grandfather. He would stay and face this and triumph
over it. He would stay for his father and Sasami whom he has become a
big brother to. Every once in a while he would take her on one of his
walks or take her out somewhere so Kiyone and Mihoshi could work. 
Ryoko was still around, but she had become very quiet and was seen less
as well. She hadn't tried to force herself on Tenchi and hadn't touched
a drop of sake since the incident. It was a weird thing for her. When
she and Ayeka passed each other in the hall or came into contact of one
another, which rarely happened, there was an eerie glance exchanged,
followed by a look at the floor as they went about their business.
Everything had changed.
***
	Ayeka sits in her room, her eyes puffy and red as she has spent another
day in her room speaking to no one and crying into her pillow. She's
half-asleep when she hears the front door downstairs quietly open and
shut, followed by footsteps coming toward the stairs. 
	"Tenchi...," she whispers as tears well up in her eyes again. She knew
it was him. She could tell. During the past few days she had been
studying his patterns. The sounds of his footsteps and his voice, which
is what she missed most of all. She lays there quietly sobbing when
suddenly the doorknob begins to turn. Quickly she ducks back under her
blanket. She doesn't want anyone to see her, a princess, looking so
terrible. "Oh!..." she gasps. It's Tenchi. He's peeking in on her. Ayeka
can't breathe. 
"Oh, my! What is he doing?" her mind races trying to figure out what is
going on. Tenchi looks at her for a few seconds, then, just quickly as
he had opened it, he carefully shuts the door. "Why is he visiting me?
Why must he torture me so? ...Lord Tenchi ... I can't blame him for
having hated me, but why is he doing this? I have never seen him act
that way, so mad... I almost killed Sasami... my little sister..... He
has every right to hate me. How could I have done something so terrible?
I just can't face him or myself. Why must it be this way? It was my
first kiss, and maybe my last... Somewhere deep down in your heart,
Tenchi, is it possible that you have found love and forgiveness for me?
Is that why you did this? I will always love you. I risked my life and
Sasami's with that kiss. Maybe.... maybe I just don't have any need for
true love."

The End of Part 2 of No Need for True Love
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Part 3 of No Need for True Love

"Oh! Wow!" Sasami squeals. Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Sasami have just arrived
at the zoo and the first thing Sasami sees are the monkeys. "They're so
cute! Look at them!"
	"Ooooohhh! Look at that one over there! It reminds me of one of my
ex-boyfriends," Mihoshi declares pointing.
	All three begin to laugh. 
	"So, Sasami, is this your first time to go to an earth zoo?" Kiyone
asks.
	"Yes," Sasami replies sadly, "I was so hoping that Ayeka could go with
me. She would really like it. We went to the zoo on Jurai all the time.
Ayeka took me to the zoo on Jurai the first time I ever went and we had
so much fun. I was hoping that when I went to my first earth zoo she
could take me there, too, but at least I have you and Mihoshi! You've
been so nice. I feel bad that you've been spending so much time with me
and haven't been to work in a while."
	"Don't worry about it," Kiyone says.
	"But will you be able to have a place to live? Won't they kick you out
if you don't pay the rent?"
	"Well, probably, but that's not important now. We're going to stay with
you until you're able to leave that chair and walk on your own."
	"Plus this is way more fun than working, anyway!" Mihoshi chimes in.
	Sasami smiles. "I'm lucky to have such good friends," she thinks to
herself "so why am I still so sad?"
***
	Sasami is sitting in her chair staring out the window, thinking and
worrying about her sister, when she suddenly sees a white spot in the
sky. "That doesn't look like a star....." 
Suddenly Ryo-ohki, who was laying in her arms, perks up "Miyaaaaaaa!" As
the white speck gets closer and closer, Sasami realizes what it is.
"That's Nagi's ship, Ken-ohki! Oh, no! What is she doing here? This can
only mean trouble...."
"Miyaaaaaaaaa! Miyaaaaa! Miya! Miyaaaaaaaa!" Ryo-ohki becomes excited at
the sight of Ken-ohki and runs outside.
Ryoko is lying in an open field asleep. The quiet of the open spaces has
lulled her into a peaceful, relaxed state.
"Wake up, Ryoko," Nagi kicks at Ryoko. "I have come for you."
Slowly Ryoko begins to awake. "Nagi?"
"I have come to challenge you, now. Do you accept it?" Nagi dares.
"Listen, Nagi, I don't want to fight anymore. I'm not in the mood. Just
take me. I won't put up a fuss. There's nothing that is worth staying
here for anymore," She holds out her hands for handcuffs. "Go ahead. I'm
yours," she says sadly.
Nagi stands there confused, a little worried. "Is this a joke? Do you
take me for a fool, Ryoko? You actually expect me to believe that you
are giving up that easily?! You obviously don't know what you're saying
and I'm not about to fight you when I can't get a fair fight. I traveled
all this way for nothing. You will pay for this along with all of the
other wrongs you have done when I return. Until then, Ryoko..," She
turns and calls for her ship, "Ken-ohki!" Ken-ohki and Ryo-ohki's
reunion is cut short. "Now, Ken-ohki."
"Chowwwww! Chowwwwwwwwwwwww! Chow!," Ken-ohki says a sad goodbye to
Ryo-ohki as he leaps into the air and returns to his space ship form.
"Miyaaaa!" is Ryo-ohki's goodbye.
Tenchi has secretly witnessed the whole event and is surprised at
Ryoko's actions. Ryoko suddenly becomes aware of his presence.
"Tenchi....," she says in a hushed voice. "W-what are you doing here?"
She slowly approaches him. Tenchi doesn't say a word. For a minute the
two stand staring at each other as though they were exchanging thoughts.
Slowly, Tenchi turns around and walks off. "Tenchi!...," Ryoko calls
out.
He turns around once more to glance at her and continues to walk away.
Ryoko, stunned at what has just occurred, stands there. "What was that
all about?" she thinks, "Could it be...? He doesn't hate me...?" Her
face begins to light up. She decides it's time to talk this out.
*** 
	The next day, Tenchi is awake before anyone else, or so he thinks. That
day on his walk to school, he senses someone following him. "Alright,
Ryoko, show yourself. I know that your following me." Tenchi turns
around to see and hear nothing but the wind rustling in the trees.
	"That's odd," Tenchi thinks, "I was sure that she was following me. Not
that I want her to, but maybe..., in a way...., I do. I don't know
anymore. It seems like I don't know much of anything anymore. When Ayeka
kissed me it was so... well... I just can't explain it. What happened
afterward made me forget all about it. I had no idea that she cared
about me that way. Sure, she gets angry and jealous when Ryoko would
call me hers, but I was never sure whether that was just her competitive
side or if it was her way of showing her love. Love.... huh... That word
doesn't mean very much to me anymore. The hatred that I felt at that
moment was so intense. I couldn't believe it. Why can't those two just
leave me alone?! I just want to live my life. I didn't want to have to
use my powers again, especially against my friends. The last time I used
my Jurai power was to save Ayeka, this time it was to save Sasami from
Ayeka, her own sister. Why can't I make my own decisions? I can't even
choose who I love....." 
His train of thought is interrupted. He's overcome with that feeling
again. A breeze seems to blow right through him.
"Ryoko...?" this time he's sure of it, "Ryoko I know that it's you! Show
yourself!"
This time he turns to see the blue-haired woman appear behind him
walking on air. "Why were you watching me?" she asked in an almost
naive, but serious way.
"I don't think that I should explain myself to you. Why are y..."
"I want to know, why you were watching me."
"I don't know. I just was. Something drew me there."
"Huh?!" his statement takes her back. "Could it be...?  Tenchi...?!"
"You did, Ryoko..."
"I've only dreamed of this day...," Ryoko thinks.
 "...I can't stay mad at you or Ayeka. That's why I've been checking on
you two while you weren't looking.... everyday."
	"Why do you have to mention her? Why do you have to mention Ayeka?"
Ryoko suddenly becomes furious.
"You see? You just can't stop it, can you? You just think you love me
because you know now that Ayeka does. At least she was finally able to
tell me how she truly feels!"
Ryoko is crushed. She feels like a 16 ton weight has been dropped on her
heart, shattering into a million pieces. "Tenchi.. I'm sorry! I just
can't express myself that way! I'm so scared to let my true feelings
show, I know it doesn't seem like it, but I'm terrified that I might
be..... that I might be..... truly in love with you... Tenchi. I just
tease and flirt like that because it's the only way that I know how to
express my feelings for you ... Tenchi. I'm afraid.... Tenchi..... I'm
so scared....," Ryoko sobs.
Tenchi doesn't know what to make of this. This has taken him by complete
surprise.
"Tenchi, I... Aaa!" Ryoko trips on a step and begins to fall.   
"Ryoko!" Luckily Tenchi catches her before she rolls downhill. They fall
in that classic pose. He's holding her close in his arms, as not to drop
her. They stare deep into each others eyes. Suddenly all there is in the
whole world is the two of them, together, on the steps, staring.....
searching... Another breeze rushes by lifting fallen cherry blossom
petals into the air, blowing past them. They inch closer, their eyes
close, their lips are bonded in a kiss that seems to last forever, the
breeze seems to almost lift them off the ground, pink petals now
swirling about them. 
In a flash, the moment is gone and Tenchi realizes what is happening. He
pushes Ryoko away. "I...I....I'm gonna be late for school...," he then
takes off, running down the steps.
"Tenchi?..." Ryoko whispers and then falling to her knees cries out
desperately "TENCHIIIIII!!!!" but Tenchi doesn't turn around. A flock of
birds flies through the air, cawing, disturbed by the scream.  
"What the heck was that? What was I doing?" Tenchi desperately searches
his mind for answers. "My face is hot, my palms are sweaty, my lungs
feel like bursting... This is no time for this..... I have no need for
true love in my life right now."

The End of Part 3 of No Need for True Love
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Part 4 of No Need for True Love

	"All right, Sasami, I'll go ask her." Kiyone is about to make her trip
upstairs, which has become an almost daily thing, to ask Ayeka if she
wants to join them on their outing.
	"Thanks, Kiyone!" Sasami smiles.
	*Tap, tap, tap,* Kiyone gently knocks at the door.
	"Uh, Miss Ayeka, I'm sorry to disturb you, but we were going to go out
again today and Sasami was wanting to know if you would like to come."
	No answer.
	Kiyone has had enough. "Ayeka, I know what happened to you was
devastating, but Sasami doesn't hate you! She has done nothing to make
you want to avoid her like this. She worries about you and she loves
you. I see her sitting by the window, thinking, every day, worrying
about her sister who has locked herself in her room for the past several
days and seems to hate her for no reason. It breaks my heart to have to
see her that way. I know what it's like to have a sister, and to loose
one..... I once had a younger sister. She died in a plane crash when she
was only 12, about Sasami's age. Sasami reminds me of her so much.... I
can't bear to see her hurt like this..... The only regret I had when my
sister died is that I didn't spend enough time with her. Please," Kiyone
pleads trying her best to hold back the tears, "be a big sister to your
little sister.... before it's too late." 
	There is no sound coming from the room. Kiyone turns to walk downstairs
hanging her head in defeat when suddenly the doorknob turns. A tearful
Ayeka looks into Kiyone's eyes, "You are absolutely right. I'm so sorry.
I've been so stupid..... Kiyone.... thank you.... Thank you for sharing
your story with me. I had no idea. I will take her out today. You can
come if you want, but please, allow me... to take care of her."
	"Of course," Kiyone swallows her tears and smiles.
	The girls walk together down the stairs. "Sasami..."
	Sasami turns around, her eyes suddenly light up at the sound of her
sister's voice, "Ayeka!"
	"Are you ready to go, Sasami?"
	"Oh, Ayeka!!!" Sasami is so happy that she begins to cry. She wheels
herself as fast as she can to her sister's side. Ayeka bends down, grabs
her little sister, and hugs her like there's no tomorrow.
	"WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!" Mihoshi bursts into tears after seeing
the touching reunion. "It's so sweet! I just can't take it!!" 
	"It's okay, Mihoshi....," Kiyone comforts her partner as she gazes upon
the scene at hand. "I think that we're going to stay here today."
***
Tenchi trudges home from a long day of school. "Whew! I can't wait to
get home. It seems to take forever just to climb these stairs." When
Tenchi reaches the house he hears a noise that he hasn't heard much of
in the Masaki house lately. "Laughter...?" he wonders.
He opens the door and removes his shoes. The noise gets louder. "That
can't be...," Tenchi opens the door to the living room from where he can
see the dining table and sure enough it's "...Ayeka....?" Ayeka is
sitting at the table with Sasami playing a game. There are a ton of zoo
souvenirs surrounding them. The sisters are laughing and talking. The
sight of Ayeka shocks Tenchi.
	Quickly Ayeka turns and the laughter stops. She can't help but to
stare. She hasn't seen him in so long. "Lord Tenchi...," Ayeka gasps.
She brings herself to her feet. There is almost a joy in their faces, an
eerie kind of happiness at the sight of one another. Their minds race.
Ayeka wants to run to him and throw her arms around him, but she can't
seem to work up the nerve. Her heart leaps and almost skips a beat.
Tenchi stands there. His mouth has dropped open and the bag that was on
his shoulder has now fallen to the floor with a loud 'thud'.
	Not knowing what to do or say, with tears in her eyes, Ayeka bows and
simply says, "Welcome home,....Lord Tenchi." 
	"Uh, thank you, Miss Ayeka," is all that Tenchi can manage to get out.
	Sasami is left sitting there. "Hi Tenchi. Do you wanna play?" Neither
pays attention to her. They just stand there, staring at each other. She
could tell her sister was getting a little sad. "I just got you back,
Ayeka," she thinks, "please don't go away again." "Um, Ayeka, it's your
turn," Sasami says trying to break the silence.
Diverting her eyes from Tenchi's glare, she answers, "I think you are
right, Sasami. Come on, let's finish our game." 
Tenchi slowly gathers his stuff and walks upstairs. Ayeka watches him,
he glances at her and then continues up to his room.
***
	Not much has changed with Washu. She spends most of her time in her
sub-space laboratory working on experiments. She's not oblivious to the
problems of Tenchi and the others. Washu isn't oblivious to anything.
She's just trying not to get involved. Every once in a while,
grandfather Yosho comes to drink tea and talk science.
	"All these experiments are making me hungry! I think I'll go get a
snack." Washu emerges out of her dark laboratory and into the light of
the living room, wincing a little. Her eyes haven't quite adjusted to
the glare of the natural light being emitted from the windows. "It's
such a nice day today. I think I'll take my stuff outside and work on
it," Washu says to herself when she realizes what outside of the house
looks like.
	Washu goes to the door and strolls outside. When she reaches a nice,
quiet, shaded spot underneath a tree, she brings up her computer and
begins to type something out.
	Tenchi has returned from school so he has decided to take Sasami out
for a walk. "When are you going to get out of that cast, Sasami?" 
	"Grandfather Yosho and Washu said that it should only be about a couple
more weeks."
	"Wow! That's not very long is it? I bet you can't wait to be able to
run around again. Hey, there's a circus coming to town, soon. If you're
better we could go."
	"Oh wow! That would be so much fun! Would you take me, please Tenchi?!"
Sasami begs.
	"Sure I will Sasami."
	"Maybe Ayeka and Ryoko would wanna go too! And Kiyone and Mihoshi and
Nobiyuki and Grandfather Yosho and maybe Washu! Let's all go! That would
be so much fun."
	"Sure Sasami...," Tenchi says. "Maybe we could all go...," Tenchi
repeats in his head.
	"Greetings!" Washu says as they pass by where she is working.
	"Hello, Miss Washu! What are you doing out here?" Sasami asks.
	"Well, the weather is so nice today and I wanted to enjoy it while I
can. Plus, the experiment that I am conducting requires me to do some of
my research outside."
	"What do you mean while you can?" Tenchi questions.
	"I mean that by my calculations, it will rain in approximately two
hours, seven minutes, and thirty-four seconds. You had better take
Sasami in, Tenchi. We can't have her cast getting wet, ya know."
	"Rain? But it's so clear out today!" Tenchi says studying the sky
above, "There isn't a cloud up there."
	"Have I ever been wrong?" Washu asks. Tenchi scratches his head and
thinks. "On second thought, don't answer that."
***
  	"Thirty-four seconds on the dot!" Washu proudly announces.
	Tenchi, Washu, Ayeka, Sasami, Nobiyuki, and Yosho are all sitting
inside watching the down poor of rain outside.
"Hey, Tenchi, where's Ryoko? I haven't seen her around much," Sasami
states.
	"I don't know," Tenchi says solemnly.
	"Well, don't you care? Maybe she's hurt or something."
	"She's probably around here somewhere...," Tenchi replies.
	"Come to think of it, Ryo-ohki's missing, too," Sasami says sounding a
little worried.
	"You're right Sasami. I haven't seen either all day," Ayeka realizes.
	"The news person said that this storm is gonna get really bad. They
should be here, inside with us!" Sasami says getting nervous.
The door flies open suddenly, drawing everyone's attention to Kiyone and
Mihoshi wearing rain coats. Mihoshi looks worried and frightened and is
whimpering loudly. 
"Everyone, come quick! Please help us!" Kiyone shouts.
	"What is it Kiyone?" Tenchi asks.
	"Come with me, and you'll see."
	Tenchi quickly throws on his raincoat and follows Kiyone out the door.
"Look there," Kiyone shines her flashlight on a figure on the ground.
It's an unconscious Ryoko lying sprawled out over some rocks.
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi exclaims. He suddenly notices a smaller figure laying
beside her. 
	"Miya," Ryo-ohki whispers. She's laying beside Ryoko, bruised, and
battered, her fur somewhat singed.
	"Oh, my gosh! Ryo-ohki! I'll take Ryo-ohki in. Can you carry Ryoko in
by yoursel..."
	Kiyone looks up to see Tenchi standing above her, holding the limp
woman in his arms. "Let's go!" Tenchi leads the way back into the house.

The End of Part 4 of No Need for True Love

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Part 5 of No Need for True Love

	"Will she be alright? How could I have stopped this? Why didn't I stop
this? Why didn't I notice that she was gone? I could have saved her!"
these thoughts race through Tenchi's mind as he carries the unconscious
woman into the house. "Ryoko, please, don't die on me..."
	"Ryoko! Ryo-ohki! Are they gonna be alright?!" Sasami asks desperately.
	"Hmmm... Seems like Ryo-ohki has a bit of electrical shock. It is
possible that Ryoko was trying to fly away in Ryo-ohki during the storm
and her ship was hit by a bolt of lightning, or..."
	"Or what, Grandpa?" Tenchi asks.
	"Or they were involved in a battle."
	"Will they be alright, father?" Nobiyuki asks.
	"Well, Ryo-ohki is still conscious so her injuries can't be too bad,
but it seems like Ryoko has quite a bump on her head." Yosho examines
the two. "Ayeka, would you bring me dry towels and some bandages?"
	"Right away," Ayeka responds.
	When she returns, she wraps the little cabbit in a towel and hands her
to Sasami. "Here, Sasami," I think you should take care of her."
	"Ryo-ohki...," Sasami whispers as she begins to cry and dry the rain
from Ryo-ohki's drenched fur. Ayeka puts her arm around her sister.
	"Don't worry," she comforts her, "I'm sure she'll be okay. Why don't I
get her a carrot?"
	"Okay," Sasami says, her mind a little more at ease.
	"It's a good thing that you girls found them when you did. How did you
find them?" Yosho turns to Kiyone and Mihoshi.
"Well, Kiyone and I were just coming home from work, they sent us home
because I kept hiding under the tables. I couldn't help it! Thunder
frightens me! When I was a little girl I used to climb in my parent's
bed at night when I got scared..."
	"Well, you can crawl into my bed if you get too scared tonight...,"
Nobiyuki offers slyly.
"Dad!!!!" Tenchi scolds his father.
"Let ME explain," Kiyone takes over, "What Mihoshi said about the hiding
under the tables was true. The manager decided that we should go ahead
home. Mihoshi was scaring off all of the customers! Anyway, the storm
wasn't that bad and we can't really go back to our apartment yet, so we
decided to come here. We took our tips from tonight and used them for
bus fair. The storm was getting worse. Luckily, we had our raincoats. We
were walking along, through the rain, when I tripped and..."
"...and," Mihoshi interrupts giggling, "I said that Kiyone must be
taking after me being so clumsy and all, and..."
"...AND," Kiyone says before Mihoshi had a chance to begin her rambling,
"I pulled out my flashlight and saw that I had tripped over Ryoko so I
rushed into the house to get help. That's pretty much it. From what I
could tell, they had been there for a little while."
"I guess that we'll just have to wait till Ryoko wakes up to hear the
beginning of this story," Grandfather says.
"What's that?" Sasami wonders, looking into the dark and stormy sky.
"Miya!!!" the shaken cabbit in Sasami's arms hides her face inside the
towel.
"What's the matter, Ryo-oh... Oh my...." Sasami eyes become wide and her
face fills with terror. "It's Ken-ohki! Tenchi! Hurry! It's Nagi!"
"Nagi?! She must be the one responsible for this!" Tenchi's face becomes
tight with anger. Without another word, Tenchi grabs his raincoat and
his Sword Tenchi and heads outside into the storm.
"Tenchi! Don't go! It's suicide out there! TENCHI!" Ayeka pleads for him
to return, but he gives no heed to her cries and runs out the door.
"All right!" Tenchi yells at the huge ship. The wind beating at his
back, rain splashing against his face, making it hard for him to see. He
calls out to her, "Show yourself! I will make you pay for what you did
to Ryoko!"
A limping Nagi appears from her ship. "Ryoko started the fight. She came
looking for me at the bar. She was drunk and depressed. I didn't want to
fight her, but I was forced to when she attacked me. Her emotions had a
large effect on her fighting. She wobbled around like a toy, bobbing
this way and that, most of the time missing me completely, but getting
in several hits. Eventually I knocked her back against a rock and she
was unconscious. Ryo-ohki saw this and retreated back here. I did not
want to fight her, but she gave me no choice. She challenged me and I
intend to finish the match when she awakes. As you can see I am not
exactly free from harm." She was right about that. Nagi had a fat lip,
some bruises and contusions, and she was bleeding, her arm possibly
broken.
	"If you killed her," Tenchi screams at Nagi, "I swear that I will make
you wish you had never been born!"
	"Give it up, kid, it was her fault and you know it! I don't want to
fight you."
	Tenchi simply stares deep and hard at the callous woman standing there
sneering at him.
	Thinking only of the limp and almost lifeless body of Ryoko, Tenchi
activates his Sword Tenchi and charges at Nagi, slicing her cloak in
two. She has been brought to her knees by the shock. She can't stand.
Tenchi is in rage. 
	"I may be injured, but I will not be defeated!" Nagi screams at Tenchi.
She delivers a tremendous blow.
	Using every fiber in his being, Tenchi prepares his force field, he is
pushed back a few feet, but unharmed. Huffing and panting Tenchi charges
right back at her and as he is about to finish her off when, suddenly,
he realizes what he is about to do.
	"Go ahead," Nagi moans in pain, clutching her arm, finish me off, put
me out of my misery...," she falls over suddenly.
Tenchi thinks for a minute, "Ken-ohki, take her to the nearest
inter-galactic hospital you can find. I will not have this woman inside
of my house... Hurry! Get her out of here!"
	"Chowwwwwwww!" Ken-ohki takes Nagi back and in a flash the ship is
gone.
	Ayeka runs out of the house to meet him, "Lord Tenchi, are you all
right?" Ayeka pleads with tears welling up in her eyes. 
	"Yes, I'm fine,..."
	"Oh, Lord Tenchi...," Ayeka grabs Tenchi, embracing him. "I was so
worried! I couldn't bear the thought of losing you, Tenchi... oh....,"
Ayeka is startled when she realizes that Tenchi is returning the
embrace.
	"It's okay, Ayeka..."
	The two linger in the storm for a moment, Tenchi and Ayeka holding each
other, neither sure if they want to let the other go. Ayeka blushes,
wrapped in Tenchi's arms, listening to his heart beat next to hers. "If
only it could be like this forever...," Ayeka wishes.
	"Hey! What are you two doing?! Get inside! The storm's getting worse!"
Kiyone calls out from the door, disrupting the moment.
	"It's been a tough day... Let's get inside and get some sleep." Tenchi
releases Ayeka, putting his hands on her shoulders. He removes his
raincoat and gently places it on Ayeka, pulling the hood up over her
head. "By the way, it's nice to see you out and about again," Tenchi
smiles. 
Ayeka blushes, she's taken aback. Tenchi offers his hand to her.
Hesitating a little, she accepts it and together they run for cover
indoors. 

The End of Part 5 of No Need For True Love
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Part 6 of No Need for True Love

	That night, Tenchi is restless, his mind is too full of thought for him
to sleep. Ryoko is laying on the couch. He decides to go downstairs to
watch her. The towel on her head has become cold. Taking a bowl of hot
water, Tenchi submerges a fresh one in the water, wrings it out, and
places it on her head. Brushing the hair out of her eyes, he stares at
the sleeping woman. "So peaceful...," he thinks, "This is my fault. If I
hadn't run off like that, none of this would have ever happened. What
was I thinking? What was I doing? I'm so sorry Ryoko... for making you
cry..." 
***
	The next day the sun is shining and the birds are singing. The storm
has passed and the earth looks new. Tenchi is still by Ryoko's side,
fast asleep.  The sun forces his eyes to open, but not Ryoko's. She is
still unconscious. "Oh, man is my neck ever sore!" Tenchi stretches and
moves his neck around. "I gotta go to school today. If I don't hurry I'm
going to be late." Tenchi rushes upstairs and puts on his uniform. 
	"Morning, Tenchi!" His father greets him in the kitchen, "Looks like
you had quite a hard night last night. Are you sure that you're up to
going to school?"
	"Yeah, I'm fine. What's for breakfast?"
	"Well, I've only got time for coffee. I've go to be at work early
today, but I think that's there's some leftovers from yesterday that you
could heat up."
	"Okay," Tenchi says even thought he really dreads the thought of eating
leftovers again.
	"Good morning, Tenchi!" Sasami wheels herself into the kitchen, "You're
going to school today?"
	"Yeah, I...," Tenchi stops to yawn, "I'm going to go.... Oh, I meant to
ask you, how's Ryo-ohki doing today? Is she feeling any better?"
	"See for yourself..." Ryo-ohki comes hopping into the room.
	"Miya! Miya! Miyaaaa!" she says happily.
	Sasami giggles, "I think that she's hungry!"
	"Here you go, Ryo-ohki, a nice juicy carrot!" Tenchi bends down and
hands Ryo-ohki the carrot.
	"MIYA!" Ryo-ohki's eyes light up as she begins to munch away.
	"Glad to se that she's back to her old self!" Nobiyuki comments.
	"Yeah, she woke me and Ayeka up this morning."
	"Where is Ayeka?" Tenchi asks.
	"She should be coming any minute. After she helped me into my chair,
she started folding up our beds."
	"Good morning all," Ayeka appears at the kitchen door smiling.
	"Hello, Ayeka," Tenchi welcomes Ayeka and then yawns again.
	"How are Ryoko and Ryo-ohki this morning?" Ayeka asks.
	"I'm afraid that Ryoko isn't really any better, but Ryo-ohki seems to
be back to normal," Tenchi replies.
	"YAWN! Morning...," a half asleep Kiyone joins them in the kitchen.
	"Morning!" The rest say in unison.
	"Kiyone, do you work today? I was wondering if you would like to come
with  Sasami and I to the market." Ayeka asks Kiyone.
	"I guess I'm free. I'd love to come."
	"What about Mihoshi?" Sasami asks.
	"Well, if she wakes up in time. She'll probably sleep till about noon
like she always does," Kiyone explains.
	"We weren't planning on going until later today anyway," Ayeka says. 
	"Would you like some coffee, Kiyone?" Nobiyuki offers.
	"That would be great! Thanks," Kiyone turns to Tenchi, "So, is Ryoko
any better this morning?"
	"No. She's still unconscious, but grandfather said that he was going to
have another look at her today. Oh, man!" Tenchi looks at his watch,
"I've gotta go!"
	"But you didn't eat, Tenchi!" Sasami says in concern.
	"I'll take it with me and eat on the bus. Bye!"
	"Goodbye! Have a good day at school!" everyone says in unison.
***
	The whole day at school Tenchi is either daydreaming or asleep. He
thinks about Ryoko and Ayeka. "I finally get Ayeka back and Ryoko leaves
me. I just hope that Ryoko is okay. I kissed her, she kissed me, but I
ran out on her and broke her heart. That was just so stupid of me. Nagi
may have been the one that knocked her unconscious, but I'm the one that
may have killed her..."
	Tenchi is anxious to get home, to see if Ryoko is awake. The bell rings
at the end of school and like a bolt of lightning, Tenchi pushes his way
past the sea of students and onto the bus. He runs up the steps on pure
adrenaline and practically flies into the house.
	"Ryoko?!" there is no one there. Ryoko's body has vanished from the
couch. "Wh-wh.....," Tenchi strives to catch his breath. 
	"Tenchi, her condition was only getting worse. I had Kiyone and Mihoshi
take her to a hospital where she can get help....," Grandfather Yosho 
explains, "We can all take a trip out to see her tomorrow, if you
want...."
	"But Grandfather.....," Tenchi cries.
	"I had to Tenchi. I'm not a doctor and neither is Washu! Ryoko needs
professional help," he explains.
	"Ryoko.....," Tenchi thinks as he sadly trudges up the stairs to his
room. 


End of Part 6 of No Need for True Love
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Part 7 of No Need for True Love

"Well, I've never seen a leg heal that fast or that well! The bone seems
to have completely healed itself, with a little help from me, of
course," Washu  says as she examines Sasami's broken leg. The day has
finally arrived. Sasami has fully recovered. "All right, Sasami, are you
ready to get rid of this thing?"
	"Sure am, but I wish that Ryoko was here so that she could see it,
too," Sasami saddens, "I wanted everyone to be here when I got my cast
taken off," she sighs. "I have one question, though."
	"What's that, Sasami?" Tenchi asks.
	"Can I keep the wheelchair?" Sasami asks smiling.
	Everyone laughs. 
"We'll see about that, but hopefully you won't have any use for it
again," Ayeka replies.
	"I don't want to *have* to use it anymore, I just enjoyed being pushed
around in it," Sasami giggles.
	"That cast's coming off now and I have just the tool for taking it
off," Washu unveils a thing that looks like a chainsaw.
	"Washu! We want you to take the cast off, not her whole leg!" Tenchi
yells.
	"Oh don't worry! It can't do anything like that..... at least I don't
think so...," Washu scratches her head, "I guess we'll just have to find
out!"
	Sasami sits in her chair, looking a little uneasy as the chainsaw comes
closer and closer to her leg. Ayeka takes Sasami's hand and holds it
tight. "Just be brave, Sasami," Ayeka comforts her.
	"There you are!" Washu exclaims as she cracks the cast in half, "All
finished and her leg is still intact! I am such a genius!!!"
	"Washu you are the genius!" 'A' appears on her shoulder.
	"Washu you are the greatest!" 'B' pops up.
	"Washu, Washu, Washu! The greatest mind in the universe!" they cheer
together.
	 Sasami begins to push her way out of the chair. Ayeka is standing in
front of her. A little wobbly, Sasami takes her first steps out of the
wheelchair. "Ayeka!" she cries excitedly, running into her sister's open
arms.
	"You did it, Sasami!" Ayeka lifts her little sister off the ground,
embracing her, "I'm so proud of you!"
	Tenchi stands there smiling, watching them giggle and laugh together.
	Ayeka sets Sasami down. Sasami turns to Tenchi and then runs to him.
"Thank you, Tenchi," Sasami hugs him around his waist, "for saving me."
Tenchi bends down and returns the hug.
	"It's just like a soap opera! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! It's so sweet!
I just can't take it!" Mihoshi whines and whimpers. Kiyone hands her a
Kleenex and Mihoshi blows into it, her nose sounding like a fog horn.
	Sasami lets go of Tenchi and turns to Kiyone and Mihoshi. "And thank
you, Kiyone and Mihoshi, for missing work to take me places. I had so
much fun and I hope that we can still do some of that stuff together."
	"Sure, Sasami," Kiyone says as she and Mihoshi bend down, "Anytime...,"
Sasami hugs them both around the neck. A small tear makes it's way down
Kiyone's face.
	"Kiyone!" Mihoshi looks at her partner, "You're crying, too!"
	"No, I'm not crying, I just got something in my eye....," At this point
Kiyone breaks into tears.
	"It's okay, Kiyone! Here, have a hankie!" Mihoshi smiles and puts her
arm around Kiyone's shoulder. This time it's Kiyone's turn to make the
foghorn sound as she blows into the tissue.
	"Miss Washu, Grandfather Yosho, thank you for taking such good care of
me." Sasami grabs Washu around the neck.
	Washu stands there, a little shocked. She hasn't really ever been
hugged like that before, in all her two thousand years and suddenly
feels compassion. After giving it some thought, she hugs Sasami back.
"Anytime, kid,...anytime..."
	Next, Sasami runs to Yosho. He picks her up in his arms and she kisses
his cheek. "Thank you grandpa!" He blushes a little and smiles.
	"What about my hug?" Nobiyuki asks.
	"Ok, Mr. Masaki!" Sasami runs to Tenchi's dad and throws her arms
around him.
	Everyone laughs.
***	
	A while has passed since Kiyone and Mihoshi found Ryoko unconscious.
Tenchi has used Kiyone and Mihoshi's ship Yagami almost everyday to
visit Ryoko in the hospital. He is sometimes joined by the entire gang
or maybe just Ayeka and Sasami, bearing gifts of flowers and stuffed
animals, but he prefers to go alone. 
	Sometimes he thinks that he sees her. He watches the sky everyday for
Ryo-ohki to bring her home. He always asks the doctors when she can come
home, but their answer is always "it's just a matter of time". Tenchi's
been agonizing over the loss, but not totally depressed. Everything is
different when she's not around. The peace that exists when she isn't
there is eerie to him, nothing really seems quite right. He takes joy in
the fact that Sasami is able to run around free again and that he has
been able to spend a good amount of time talking with Ayeka and enjoying
her company, but none of this can make him forget his troubles..... so
he waits... and watches.... and visits whenever he can.... till one day
she can return to him and the carnival that is now his life can resume.
***
It's the end of another uneventful school day for Tenchi, his thoughts
still consumed with Ryoko's health. He wipes the sweat from his brow as
he trudges up the steps towards home. Tenchi feels a sort of sudden
weird sensation as the wind whistles past his ear. He hears a voice,
"Tenchi....," it whispers.
	"What....? Wh-who's there..?" Tenchi turns around, desperately
searching for the owner of the voice.
	"Tenchi...," it calls a little louder. 
Tenchi searches all around him, not wanting to give up the search,
"Ryoko?" he wonders, "I must be hearing things," he dismisses it and
resumes his walk up the steps.
"Tenchi!" this time the voice is crying out to him. The owner of the
voice finally appears before him. He looks in front of him to see the
tall, slender figure of Ryoko appear at the top of the steps.
"Ryoko.......? Ryoko!!" Tenchi gasps and then yells. He begins to run up
the stairs, his arm stretched out wide. "Ryoko!" he calls as he runs to
her.
"Tenchi!" Ryoko's eyes tear up as she floats down to meet him.
"Ryoko!" Tenchi sweeps her up in his arms and swings her around. "Ryoko!
I'm so glad you're all right! I was so worried...."
Tears begin to form in Tenchi's eyes, but Ryoko is already drenching
Tenchi's shoulder, "Oh, Tenchi...." she smiles.
"I couldn't stand losing you, Ryoko... Things just haven't been the
same! I'm so glad to see that you're ok, Ryoko, you're ok!"
 "Tenchi.... Forgive me, forgive me! I'm so sorry, I was so stupid....
It was all my fault... I blame myself for everything......"
	"No! Forgive me, Ryoko, for running away! You almost killed yourself on
account of me. I'm so sorry, Ryoko..."
	"Tenchi..."
	"Ryoko, Ryo-ohki?" Sasami suddenly appears at the scene, "Oh, my gosh,
Ryoko! You're back!" Sasami runs to Ryoko, jumping into her arms.
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki pounces on Sasami.
	"Sasami! You're cast, it's gone! You're walking again. Oh, Sasami, can
you ever forgive me, for what I did......"
	"Of course I forgive you, Ryoko!" Sasami hugs her tighter.
 	The three run towards the house, Sasami piggy-backing on Ryoko's back,
stopping when they see Ayeka. "Ayeka!" Tenchi calls to her. 
	Ayeka turns to see Ryoko standing there with Tenchi. Sasami gently
slides from Ryoko's hands. The girls stare at each other for a moment.
Ayeka begins to approach Ryoko. A little wary, she places her arms
around Ryoko's neck, embracing her, crying. Tenchi and Sasami stand
there in shock. "Miss Ryoko.......," Ayeka says when she has released
her, tears in her eyes, "Welcome home...," she bows.
	"Thank you....., Princess Ayeka...," Ryoko says smiling.
	"Ryoko!" Mihoshi calls out, glomping Ryoko, closely followed by Kiyone,
"You're alive! Oh my gosh, Ryoko, you're alive!" she squeals. "We were
so worried, Ryoko!! I'm so glad that you're alive!" 
	"I know I'm alive! Now let go of me!" Ryoko says, trying to free
herself from Mihoshi's grasp.
	"Welcome, back, Ryoko! It just hasn't been the same here without you,"
Kiyone smiles. 
"It's all so heart warming!" Nobiyuki sobs. Grandfather Yosho, Washu,
and him are standing on the sidelines, watching the happy reunion from
afar.
	"Well, it looks like things have finally returned to normal around
here," Yosho comments.
	"Not quite...., but I've got a feeling that they will be soon...,"
Washu says. She watches as Ayeka and Ryoko begin their usual fight
routine, glaring at each other jealously, "Real soon........."
 

THE END
