	Lunch went by fast for Taiyokei, despite the fact that she hadn't 
eaten in a month, and she was introduced to Ryoko and Ayeka as they 
took time from their fight to try to be polite. She was given a room 
upstairs, across from Ayeka and Sasami's room, and beside Tenchi's 
room, which got Ryoko in a bad mood. She was getting settled in her 
new room, working on some things on her laptop, and trying to find 
which tiny capsule held her entire wardrobe. Once she found it, she 
clicked the button on top and set the block in the middle of the 
floor, letting the capsule expand into a suitcase. 
	The suitcase clicked open automatically and revealed three more 
outfits, some pictures, and a metal box. She changed out of her 
uniform and put her old training shirt on, the Tenyoko symbol showing 
on the left side, and the old orange karate gi pants she had made to 
train in, and she tossed her boots and socks to beside her bed. She 
took off the uniform belt, her tail flapping freely, then tied a large 
blue belt around her tail, hiding it again, and resumed work on her 
laptop.

						*******************
	Taiyokei finished her work in time for dinner, and came down once 
Ryo-Ohki came and got her. It did't take her long to finish dinner 
either, and after the dishes were collected, all the girls in the 
house decided to take a bath.
	"Taiyokei, aren't you coming?" Ayeka asked, Sasami behind her. 
Ryoko, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were already inside.
	"I don't know..."
	"Please, Taiyo-chan?"
	Taiyo-chan. She had to call her that. She couldn't resist that 
name, it reminded her of her mate back home.  Taiyokei sighed heavily.
	"I'll go in and look around first. I'm not too sure about 
anything anymore."
	"It's all right. Come on, then."
	Sasami took Taiyokei's hand and led her into the girls' bathroom, 
and Taiyokei stared at the enormous room, and the huge bath in the 
middle of it.
	"Taiyo-chan?"
	"Miya?"
	Taiyokei blinked once, shook her head, and began to focus on her 
surroundings. Sasami looked behind Taiyokei and found a bump under her 
belt, which was twitching and squirming. Curious, Sasami pulled the 
belt down, it falling down to Taiyokei's ankles, and her tail flapped 
freely again, the soft, white fur frayed completely.
	"You have a tail?"
	Taiyokei returned to reality and looked at her tail, then at 
everyone who was staring at it--except Ryoko, who was drunk--and 
shrugged.
	"Which solar system are you from, Taiyokei-san?" Ayeka asked, 
adjusting the towel around her.
	"I'm from the Andromedian system, I live on the fifth planet, 
Andromeda V, where my race thrives."
	"Andromeda V, Andromeda V," Ayeka repeated to herself. "I 
remember! That planet has belonged to Jurai for over 700 years! We 
just recently released it about 20 years ago."
	"I'm only 17, so..."
	"So you don't know of the contract, hai. Well, it's not 
important. Relax, Taiyokei-san."
	Sasami plunged into the water, now covered in a towel, and 
Taiyokei sat down and began work on her laptop, which was much like 
Washu's.
	"Hey, that laptop is just like mine! How is that possible?"
	"I picked this up from an abandoned lab."
	"My abandoned lab."
	"Well, I'm sorry."
	"Don't be."
	"Hey, Taiyokei," Ryoko slurred, her face tinted red as it could 
get, "would you like a drink?" she finished, shoving a tiny glass of 
sake in Taiyokei's face.
	"I think I'll pass--"
	"Oh, c'mon! A little sake never hurt anyone!"
	Taiyokei grumbled and took the glass, gulping it down faster than 
Ryoko had seen or done herself. She then handed the glass back, and 
licked her lips.
	"I guess not," she replied. Ryoko smiled and swam away.
	"So, why are you here?"
	"I wouldn't call myself an exile, but I believe that's what I am. 
They want to collect data, send it via probe, and have me stay here 
for 'a while'."
	"Do you have any family back home?" Sasami asked, feeling sad for 
Taiyokei.
	"My father died in combat, and my mother died giving birth to me, 
so I was raised my a local martial arts master. At the age of 14, I 
was drafted into the military, and at the age of 16, I found a mate."
	"Sugoi, no mom or dad...poor Taiyokei!"
	"Hai. But I learned to let it pass and keep my head up."
	"I'm so sorry for you, Taiyokei," whined Mihoshi, and she burst 
out crying. "You didn't even get to see your mommy!"
	Everybody sweatdropped while Mihoshi continued to cry.
	"Hey, why don't you come in?" Ryoko asked, apparently stopping 
her drinking.
	"I don't feel like it," Taiyokei replied, turning her gaze to the 
ceiling.
	"Whatsa matter? Afraid you don't look half as good as I do?"
	Taiyokei took that as an insult--and it probably was--and snapped 
her gaze down to Ryoko.
	"No one but us can see you, so c'mon."
	Taiyokei growled and took her clothes off, one piece at a time, 
and threw them off to the side, leaving her completely naked.
	"Oops...I was wrong. You look just about like me."
	"Except for your big, arrogant mouth."
	Ryoko hmphed and threw her nose up in the air.
	"Well, I think Mihoshi and I will head back now," Kiyone stated, 
stepping out of the bath and beginning to get dressed, Mihoshi 
following suit.
	"Bye Miss Kiyone and Miss Mihoshi!" Sasami squealed, giggling.
	"Miyan, miya!" Ryo-Ohki meowed.
	"It was nice to meet you, Taiyokei."
	"Same here, Kiyone."
	"Well, bye everyone," Kiyone said, and waved. Ayeka was puzzled, 
it wasn't like Kiyone to just leave like that. 
	"Sugoi..."
	"What're you looking at?" Taiyokei asked as politely as possible, 
blinking and turning her gaze to Ryoko.
	"Nothing," Ryoko replied with a smirk.
	"Well then, I think I'll head back upstairs now," Taiyokei 
sighed, and began to get dressed again.
	"It wasn't so bad, now was it, Taiyokei?"
	"Not at all, Ayeka." was the reply, and Taiyokei left the bath 
and went to her upstairs room.
	
						********************
	Taiyokei had been working on random things for hours now, and it 
was pitch black outside, and she now noticed this. She peered at the 
clock.
	"Two in the morning? Kuso, how long have I been working?" 
Taiyokei mumbled, and put the laptop away. She then got up and walked 
out of her room and down the hall. She looked into Tenchi's room, and 
found Ryoko sitting above him, in mid-air. She made no noise and was 
unnoticed, and peered into Ayeka and Sasami's room. Sasami was fast 
asleep, with Ryo-Ohki in her arms, and Ayeka was visibly having a 
nightmare.
	She creeped down the hall and down the stairs, where she found 
Nobuyuki on the couch, drooling and snoring away. Quietly, Taiyokei 
opened the door and walked out of the Masaki house, and when she 
turned to walk away--
	"And where are you going?" Ryoko grinned.
	"Ah! Nani kuso, Ryoko, how did you get down here so fast?!"
	"I teleported. But that's not important--answer my question."
	"I was going to send the probe off. The craft's automation 
systems are down and I have to set it off manually. Would you like to 
come and see for yourself?"
	"Sure. I have nothing better to do," Ryoko replied with a big 
grin, and followed Taiyokei as she started down the path. In no time, 
they reached the trashed red spacecraft, the side panel behind the 
cockpit on the right side ripped off. Inside was a small torpedo, with 
two blinking lights on it, one red and one blue.
	"So, this is your ship, huh?"
	"Yeah, this is it," Taiyokei said, grunting slightly as she 
pulled the probe out of the panel, pushing a button on the side. The 
button blinked once and a tripod shot out of the sides of the probe, 
and Taiyokei set the probe on the tripod. "Now, let's see if I can do 
this..." she mumbled, pushing random buttons. Ryoko stood behind her 
and watched, interested enough to keep her eyes on Taiyokei and the 
probe. Soon, the probe's tripod broke away, and the torpedo-like 
machine blasted off into the sky, disappearing soon.
	"So that's it?" Ryoko asked, eyes on where the probe last was.
	"Yes, that's it. Let's go back," Taiyokei said, starting off for 
the house, but was stopped by Ryoko's hand on her shoulder.
	"Hold on, now," Ryoko mumbled, chuckling.
	Taiyokei sweatdropped, and turned to look at Ryoko slowly.
	There's that feeling again-- Taiyokei thought.
	"Um, Ryoko, I--mmph!" Taiyokei started, but was stopped by Ryoko, 
whom had placed her finger over Taiyokei's lips.
	"Don't...talk..." Ryoko whispered, smiling.
	Taiyokei nodded, and tried to smile nervously, succeeding. 
	"Now," Ryoko whispered, and Taiyokei jumped slightly as she found 
another Ryoko behind her. "Poor little Taiyokei...her first day here 
and already she's being...confronted..." The Ryoko in front chuckled.
	"Awwww...poor Taiyokei indeed..." The Ryoko in back whispered, 
licking and nibbling on Taiyokei's ear. Taiyokei closed her eyes and 
threw her arms to the sides, knocking both Ryokos away.
	"Now you both listen here! I have intention of doing anything 
that I know you're planning!" Taiyokei shouted, angry.
	The Ryoko in back teleported beside her counterpart, and both 
started pouting.
	"Awww...why not?" Both whined in unison.
	"Because I am not that way. I have a mate waiting at home which I 
will--" Taiyokei stopped, realizing that she wouldn't see her mate 
again.
	"You won't see him again," The left Ryoko finished for her.
	Taiyokei turned from both Ryokos and began walking back, but was 
once again stoppedby Ryoko's hand.
	"Grrr.." Taiyokei growled, then shouted, "Tai-ken, ho!", and 
threw her hand up in the air. In moments the jagged katana Tai-ken 
appeared in Taiyokei's hand. "Now, Ryoko, I don't want to do this. 
Just let me go and I won't hurt you."
	Ryoko chuckled. "Oh, please. I'm not afraid of you, I just want 
to play."
	"Well, I don't."
	"Why not?"
	"Because, whether I see my mate or not, I have a reputation to 
live up to."
	"I don't want to interfere in your 'perfect relationship', I just 
want to play, I told you!"
	"W-well..." Taiyokei stuttered, sighing. "How rough do you want 
to play?"
	"Oh, very rough," replied the right Ryoko, the left one grinning.
	Taiyokei sighed, then stood up and put Tai-ken away. "No." she 
stated, and the word echoed through the air.
	Both Ryokos started pouting again, and Taiyokei just walked away, 
until--
	"Not so fast!" The left Ryoko shouted, wrapping a rope around 
Taiyokei.
	"Hey! Ryoko, cut it ou-mmph!" She shouted, but was cut off by the 
bandana tied around her mouth from the right Ryoko. Right Ryoko 
chuckled, and purred in Taiyokei's ear, while Left Ryoko picked her up 
and carried her off.

						********************
	Taiyokei woke up cold, hungry, and naked. She remembered Ryoko 
carrying her to this stupid lake, but nothing after that, which scared 
her. Ryoko was nowhere in sight, or so Taiyokei thought--
	"Oh, you're awake!" Ryoko shouted, bathing in the lake.
	"Yeah, I guess..."
	"So, did you enjoy my playfulness?"
	"I don't know, I..." And then she remembered. She had the ugliest 
flashback of Ryoko and her, but she was still tied up. Ryoko was 
kissing her in various places, and she was moaning out. Then the 
flashback ended. "I do remember!" Taiyokei shouted, then looked at 
Ryoko, forgetting she hadn't answered her. "I enjoyed it, yes. But 
don't think that means that you can do this again!"
	"Understood." Ryoko replied, smiling. The water dripped off every 
part of her body as she stood up, and it phased Taiyokei out for a 
moment, and thus came another flashback. She saw herself, and now 
Ryoko was tied up, and she saw her hips moving, and both she and Ryoko 
moaning. And then that flashback ended.
	"I'm heading back now," Taiyokei mumbled, finding her clothes and 
getting dressed slowly.
	"Okay." Ryoko replied, finding her own clothes and getting 
dressed. Taiyokei stood up, and was stopped by Ryoko.
	"What? Don't even think about playing. We're through."
	"I know. Domo arigatou, Taiyokei."
	"For what?"
	"For letting me play, that's what for."
	"Dou itashimashite, Ryoko," Taiyokei replied, and headed back for 
the Masaki house.

