Author: Pawn Shop's Conners

Email: Psconners@aol.com

Title: Nobiyuki Muyo! (A fanfic about the "other" TM characters)

Synopsis: This fanfic details a storyline I have yet to see 
expressed, and that is of a romance between the shows'  most 
neglected character: Nobiyuki.  Also, this alternate set of 
events takes place right after the Washu's dimensional device 
goes haywire but before  the Jurains come for Ayeka.  Please 
enjoy and send any suggestions, comments, flames, warnings, 
and/or death threats to the provided email.  (Please realize I 
only check occassionally so don't be offended if I take a week or 
two to reply.) 

DISCLAIMER

I , the author, claim no ownership whatsoever for the characters 
and events portrayed in the Tenchi Muyo/Universe/in Tokyo series, 
which are owned by Pioneer.  I also proclaim that I am no way 
being compensated in any physical sense, directly or indirectly, 
for penning this work and as such I am not violating the US 
copyright code, as I understand it, by doing this fanfic.  This 
is simply a recreational activity so please do not take me into 
the street and stone* me mercilessly. *(The bad type of stoning 
which involves being pelted with objects ranging in size from 
pebbles to uncut quarry stones)



Nobiyuki Muyo! 

Episode One: No Need for First 
Dates!



The heat of the sun pounded mercilessly on the back of brown 
suit attached to a middle-aged man on his way home from work.  
Nobiyuki Masaki released a tired sigh as he plodded up the 
endless stairs leading to the Masaki Shrine.  There his father-
in-law Katsuhito sat peacefully sipping some hot tea in 
anticipation of his visitor.  With his characteristic cold stare 
he quietly acknowledged the presence of his son-in-law.

"You really need more exercise, Nobiyuki, maybe you should 
join Tenchi and me in practice some time?"   Posed Katsuhito as 
the exhausted Nobiyuki all but fell into a sitting position.

Nobiyuki stared like a deer caught in front of semi as he 
studdered out a response:

"I, uh, er, would only, uh, distract Tenchi from his 
practice."



Suddenly, Katsuhito flipped over the coffee table and stroke 
a combat pose as he brandished his bokken.  He stared straight 
into Nobiyuki's soul and smiled as his opponent
quickly crawled away from the table.

"It's been while since you and I sparred, Nobiyuki, and I 
suggest you take me up on my offer as your son is progressing 
slowly but surely and already surpasses his father.  Now fetch 
your sword and defend yourself!"  Katsuhito yelled, leaving 
little room for discussion.

"But Dad, you do know I gave Tenchi my old bokken for him to 
duel with you?"  Nobiyuki stammered out nervously as sweat pored 
down his brow.  Nobiyuki looked up at Katsuhito who seemed to be 
pondering this information.

"So, you were foolish enough to give a potential enemy your 
only means of defense?  And what do you suppose will happen when 
your son decides to claim his manhood by defeating you in mortal 
combat?" the old man posed as he replaced his wooden sword 
beneath the folds of his shrine attire.

"Ah, not Tenchi!  He'd never come after his old man like 
that."  Nobiyuki stated confidently with a glimmer of pride on 
his face. True, Tenchi behaved oddly with the ladies, but to dare 
oppose his beloved father who he worshiped and strove to be like 
was preposterous, Nobiyuki reassured himself.

"Maybe, maybe," Katsuhito spoke pensively, "but good men can 
become tempted when beautiful women enter into the equation."  
Katsuhito turned and sat across from Nobiyuki looking into his 
eyes as he began to paint a picture in Nobiyuki's mind of the 
dark days ahead.

"Yes, I can see it now," Katsuhito slowly spoke looking up 
as if the future was right in front of him, a flame of prophecy 
burning on his ancient spectacles, "Tenchi sees how his father is 
the one pays for the groceries, the house, the various 
necessities of this modern life.  He witnesses how all the ladies 
from outer space who once fought over who gets to sit next to him 
looking longingly towards his father, the man of the house who is 
always tough but fair, dispensing wisdom like a great Buddha.  
Yes, Tenchi who once idolized his doting father now becomes to 
wonder how things would be if the old man wasn't around and how 
much he stands to inherit if an "accident" was to occur."  With 
this said, Katsuhito paused as he listened to Nobiyuki audibly 
swallow, anxiety, no, fear written across the face of the middle-
aged businessman.



Katsuhito's eyes pierced into Nobiyuki's soul as he 
continued, his voice almost eager at the prospect of relating the 
impeding fate of the misguided fool: "One night, you can hear the 
heavens tremble and render themselves asunder at the anticipation 
of the darkness they are about to behold, but powerless to stop. 
 A young man stalks towards the bedchamber of his father, whom he 
only sees now as an obstacle between him and happiness.  His 
sword glimmers as the light from a blood red moon streaks across 
it, its blade the very definition of sharpness.  You see, young 
Tenchi has spent weeks, waking at the midnight hour, removing a 
sheathe from underneath his bed and sharpening it slowly and 
purposely.  Even he does not know when this 'evil intent' awoke 
in him, but he has constantly cared for the blade in anticipation 
of the night when it would taste his fathers blood! Yes, I can 
see him now lifting up the blade, his hands solid like rocks, his 
form perfect, his face eager as the hour of reckoning approaches. 
 You look up, about to ask your only son if he is having a 
nightmare when you realize that your nightmare has only begun.  
The heavens cringe as a head rolls unto the floor, a silent 
scream of primal terror etched into it."  Katsuhito stopped, and 
looked into himself as Nobiyuki trembled at the thought of his 
head rolling across the floor.

Katsuhito sat silently for a moment, as if allowing for the 
tension to build and then concluded his scenario: "maybe the 
young man whose innocence perished with his father might decide 
to seek vengeance against the only other suitor to those whom his 
black heart belongs to."  Katsuhito smiled subtly and continued 
as his voice became all the more excited: "but he finds no 
sleeping victim, only a duel to the death on the grounds of this 
very shrine!  Maybe youthful stamina  conquers experience in the 
end, but he will certainly not leave battle without scars that 
will display his fallen opponent's mastery of combat!"

Both men sat silently, pondering over the prediction of the 
wise man of the Masaki Shrine.  Nobiyuki waited for his heart to 
stop beating furiously and trying his best to exorcize the image 
of Tenchi walking up to the shrine with a crimson sword in one 
hand and the head of his father in the other. As he finally 
collected himself, Nobiyuki broke the silence and stated: "So can 
we expect you to come to dinner tonight or should I bring it up 
to you?"

"I will probably come down later after I'm finished with up 
here," Katsuhito replied cheerfully.  

"Well, I guess I'll see you then, Dad."  Nobiyuki said as he 
began to head home he muttered under his breath about how the old 
man was getting weirder everyday.  However, he had to admit he 
liked the idea of the gals fighting over him as a lecherous grin 
crept across his face.  He pondered over which one he would 
choose, and believably enough he began to appreciate his son's 
indecision. Maybe me and him should have a talk later Nobiyuki 
told himself and gave a determined nod to assert himself.

Katsuhito waited until Nobiyuki's ill-fated head passed out 
of view before he turned towards the beginning of a sunset and 
began to talk to a departed spirit: "I always knew you loved him 
Achika, but even you have to admit he gets a but, er, complacent 
at times.  You know you should have let me challenge him to a 
duel for my consent to your marriage, I would have eventually let 
him win," Katsuhito smiled at no one living and finished, "but I 
would have seen that he had several nice bruises to remember the 
day by..."  Katsuhito trailed as he chuckled softly to himself.  
He was about to get back to his meditations when he recalled that 
Tenchi stopped by earlier to tell him something, yes, to give 
Nobiyuki a message about, what was it


now?  Ah yes, he thought to himself, that Tenchi and the gang 
except Washu had gone shopping for materials to repair the back 
deck after a morning altercation between Ayeka and Ryoko, and 
Nobiyuki was not to disturb the eccentric genius except under the 
most dire emergency, and probably not even then he recalled a 
nervous Tenchi instructing him.  "And DO NOT forget to tell Dad 
this!" he heard Tenchi yell.  Oh well, even Nobiyuki wasn't THAT 
stupid.  Katsuhito paused for a moment and began to place various 
delicate objects in boxes in preparation for the impending 
explosions.

Washu sat in her subspace lab pouring over the data as her 
supercomputer crunched numbers that would cause Deep Blue to 
retire to tic tac toe.  She frowned as the realization of the 
status indicator's significance dawned on her.  The temporal 
field Washu enclosed her self in that caused her to appear as a 
preteen was weakening exponentially and within minutes she would 
regain her true form if she did not find a way to interpret why 
several different phenomena, most flowing across the curve of 
space/time from alternate universes, was causing the temporal 
field to degenerate.  Washu sighed as she realized why this was 
happening, as she was not the one who had invented the temporal 
field: a Washu living and working in another universe had made 
it.  This "alternate" Washu had crafted the device sometime after 
the infamous tachyon satellite was completed and decided to show 
off by giving all the other known Washus the device, which ran on 
zero point energy from a generator in her home universe.  
However, that Washu had failed to realize that as each new 
universe came into existence upon whenever more than one 
possibility had to occur, being it the placement of a single 
electron or a young man picking which of several women he wanted 
to be with.  This caused the only existing zero point generator 
(or at least the only nearby one Washu thought) to become further 
separated from her (the current Washu's) universe each time the 
space/time index expanded infinitely whenever a situation had 
many probable outcomes.

Washu placed her hands on the back of her head as she 
usually did when she was exhausted and considered her options.  
She grimaced as she realized there was only two, leave it be and 
allow her true form to become visible or attempt to boost the 
output of the zero point generator, as she could not build her 
own without several materials that even the cutest genius in this 
or any space/time would take time to gather and assemble.  But 
she dreaded the former option as a flood of bad memories attacked 
her, and why she kept the device activated at all times, even in 
the bath.  She sighed once more as the memory of the last time 
she looked at her true self caused a dull ache in her heart.

It was right before her sentencing after her trial by her 
peers, and since she had surrendered peacefully expecting only a 
mild punishment until they removed all of her scientific devices 
and she had to endure the trial in her adult form.  She looked at 
the mirror in her holding cell as she was handed back her 
temporal field emitter by a guard.  The significance of her 
getting the device back meant that the council had come to a 
decision and she was probably going to be executed or banished.  
But they were not without mercy, as whatever her fate may be they 
were going to allow to meet it in the form she was most 
comfortable with, as they had witnessed he psychological pain 
being an adult inflicted on Washu.  She had constantly looked 
down at the hands of a grown woman that would never hold only 
child ever again, and could be seen at times with a tear riding 
down her cheek, the pain of her loneliness tangible in the 
darkened chambers as she face the council. 



Washu pretended to ignore the moisture on her cheek as she 
began to calculate a way to amplify or at least stabilize the 
trickle of refined zero point energy entering and dispersing 
throughout this universe.  The temporal field needed at least 
fifty percent of the energy at that point to keep Washu's 
metabolic reactions stable and give her the appearance she found 
solace in.  She only needed to enter a little more data to 
stabilize the field or perhaps risk losing it permanently.  Washu 
was about to press the activation button when...

"Hey Washu!  You in there?  Where did Tenchi and the others 
go? Can I come in?" shouted Nobiyuki from the outside of the lab, 
as Washu mistakenly left the door cracked.  Washu blindly pressed 
the wrong button and let out a scream as the temporal field 
imploded on itself and threw Nobiyuki into the back wall, 
knocking him unconscious.  Washu staggered up, trying to adjust 
to the added length in her legs.

Nobiyuki woke up and surveyed his surroundings, settling on 
the image of a beautiful pink-haired woman who wore a most 
imposing scowl.  She seemed to be waiting for the perfect moment 
to tear Mr. Masaki a new one.  He give her a sheepish smile and 
was about to ask her name and whether or not she was related to 
Washu when all hell broke loose.

"WHAT IN THE DEPTHS OF YOUR PRIMITIVE BRAIN WERE YOU 
THINKING!?!" she screamed as she leaned over him, her hot breath 
scalding Nobiyuki's face.  She stood and shuddered violently, all 
while staring right through him.  Her lower lip began to tremble 
and she collapsed on the floor, sobbing uncontrollably.  It was 
then that Nobiyuki realized she was completely nude and quickly 
draped his suit jacket across her back, wondering what to do 
next.

"W-W-Washu?  Is that you W-Washu?"  Nobiyuki stammered, 
trying hard (or at least pretending to) not look at the now 
voluptuous scientist.  She started to speak, but Nobiyuki had to 
divert his attention elsewhere in order to listen to her.

"I-I was trying to...to... fix my, er, device, a temporal 
field emitter that, uh, makes me look y-y-younger," she paused 
letting the implications of this sink in to both of them.  
Nobiyuki did his best to think of something reassuring, but 
missed the point entirely as he voiced his thoughts.

"Well, at least you're a beautiful young woman and not some 
dried out hag!"  Nobiyuki declared triumphantly, certain he had 
saved the day once again.  Washu gave him a look that would sour 
milk, but suddenly softened and asked  "So you think I'm 
beautiful, eh?"
Enjoying the intense redness that suddenly streaked across 
Nobiyuki's face.  Washu had forgotten a long time ago the effects 
her beauty had on men, realizing why she never had a shortage of 
lab assistants.  Washu looked over Nobiyuki and questioned why 
she hadn't noticed his eccentric but well-meaning demeanor 
earlier, he reminded her of somebody: herself.  Of course, he was 
middle-aged out-of-shape architect who often stared luridly at 
Ryoko's low cut dress and Mihoshi's constantly "bouncy" attitude 
while she was the universe's cutest supergenius, capable of 
destroying this galaxy several times over.  

"I-I-I'm very sorry about your tempura fill outfitter, 
Little Washu, do you need some help fixing it?" Nobiyuki said, 
all while trying to get rid of the boyish grin on his face as 
looked at the increasingly attractive mad scientist. He was 
disappointed to watch Washu's smile fade as she vocally told 
herself the bad news.


"I don't think that's possible, at least in this current 
universe, I guess everyone will just have to get used to big 
Washu!"  she exclaimed, trying to see the bright side of the 
situation. Assuming her standard dramatic pose, as chiba-Washu A 
and B quickly took their respective places on Washu's bare 
shoulders as her a spotlight shone on her barely covered body.

Chiba-Washu A: "Washu's all woman now!"

Chiba-Washu B: "No more living in the past for Washu!"

Both: "Washu! Washu! Washu!  WASHHUUU!!"

"Well, let me re-welcome you to our household Miss Washu!"  
Nobiyuki gleefully voiced catching up Washu in a bear hug.  After 
the hug, she snapped her fingers and was instantly reclothed in 
attire resembling her usual double shirts and shorts.  She looked 
at Nobiyuki, pretending not to notice his disappointment at her 
being clothed.  She also wondered whether or not he had dried 
blood from his nose from when he hit the wall.

"So Nobi, I thought I was the only dramatic one here, why 
haven't you been so in the past?"  Washu posed, giving Mr. Masaki 
a suggestive wink.

"Well, I always have been with my son, but I didn't want you 
or the other girls to be put off by it."  Nobiyuki looked up, 
becoming serious and as his nervous grin faded said "I believe 
one should always go out of their way to improve the happiness of 
others, this is something I have tried to instill in Tenchi, but 
he takes after his mother always being introspective and serious. 
 I worry about him sometimes."

Washu considered this, admiring the genuine concern the oft 
ignored man of the house showed for his chronically anxious son. 
 She then realized that all time she had spent in her lab she had 
neglected to study Terran customs.  Just then a perfect idea 
popped into the mad scientist's mind, why not let Mr. Masaki give 
her a tour of the town so she can observe reactions to her 
original form.  A familiarly mischievous smile appeared on her 
face as she nudged into him and proceeded to interest him in her 
proposal.

"Whaddya say you and me go out on the town," Washu asked 
seductively wiping her finger underneath Nobiyuki's trembling 
lip, "I haven't got see the town in a while and I'll probably 
need an escort as I don't really know anyone."  However, a rare 
occurrence is when Washu is surprised, but this is exactly what 
happened as Nobiyuki got on knees and took hold of Washu's hand.

"No beautiful woman on this world or any other will ever 
lack a gentleman escort as long as I, Nobiyuki Masaki, breathe." 
He exclaimed as he stood majestically, his face filled with 
resolution and tears of fierce determination, shaking his fist at 
the indifferent Gods. Washu would later swear she could here some 
sort of heroic theme music playing in the background.  She did 
her best not to faint, and despite her resistance otherwise she 
began to giggle uncontrollably.  He really did remind her of 
herself.


"You're so cute," Washu managed to say between giggling.

"I try," Nobiyuki replied sheepishly while rubbing the back 
of his neck

Washu began to head for the front door after they left 
Tenchi and the others a vague note to their whereabouts, only to 
feel a gust of air as Mr. Masaki beat her to it, breaking most, 
if not all, laws of physics in the process.  He smiled nervously 
as he opened the door for her, as he had seen in several old 
American romance films.

"L-L-Ladies f-first," he studdered as he patiently held the 
door.

This might be interesting after all... Washu thought to 
herself, taking Nobiyuki's arm and walking to the car.

_________________________________________________________________
____________


Please wait for the next episode: No Need for Wining and 
Dining!

I hope you enjoyed this chapter and please send any comments 
to my e-mail, especially if you have some constructive criticism.
