                          Bromery Fanfics Presents.

  --------                 /              /|  /|                         /
     /   ____             /      o       / | / |                _____   /
    /   /     /--  /---- /___   /       /  |/  |   /    / |  / /    /  /
   /   /---  /  / /     /   /  /       /       |  /    /  | / /    /   
  /   /____ /  / /____ /   /  /       /        | /____/   |/ /____/  o
                                                          /
                                                         /
                               o-------o
                                  I N
                               o-------o


                 *   NO  NEED  FOR  ANOTHER  EPISODE   *
                     -------------------------------

                           by Michael Bromery.





-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         No Need for a PROLOGUE
                         ----------------------

     Well, unlike the title suggests, this prologue is quite necessary. Bare
with me, on this story, as it is my first attempt at Fan Fiction. However, it
is nowhere near to being my first story. Though the title suggests that this
is a Parody of the Tenchi Muyo on Earth TV series, it is actually a
hypothetical continuation from where the TV series left off. There are no
crossovers in this story, though this could be a major crossroad episode of
the entire TV series(that is, if the TV series will take on things present in
both the OAVs and the Movie "Tenchi Muyo in love".) Of course, I had to be
careful with certain details, because the OAVs and the TV series alone create
a paradox. However, since the TV series has hardly blossomed since the
introduction of the major characters, this should hopefully keep resemblance
with that series. Besides, really giving Sasami a good, dark, and strange 
past is too exciting to take out of the TV series. I also like the idea of
giving Mihoshi and Kiyone some more space trips. This alone gives more
things for Mihoshi to talk about, whenever she returns to earth; and can
give more depth, in later episodes, to the workings of the Galaxy Police.
Textural translations always seem to put Galaxy Police, though it sounds
better, in English, as Galactic Police.

     As in any early crossroad episode in Tenchi Muyo, there are times in 
there that can confuse new Tenchi fans, but further investigation by
either dedicated web pages or other Tenchi episodes will help. Think of
this as a partial crossover between the TV, OAV, and the Movie Tenchis.
Again, bare with me, as I only took 4 or 5 days to develop this.

     Ok, enough talk, now on to the episode.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                Tenchi Muyo - No Need for Another Episode - Part 1

                          No room for any Arch Nemesis
                          ----------------------------

      The setting starts with a view of the floor and the metallic wall
behind it. The soft sound of a rumbling engine could be heard, in the
background with the beeps and pings of navigational and tracking computers.
Suddenly, in the middle of this view, a hand holds up a small model of a Galaxy
Police spacecraft. As if imitating motion, the hand slowly moves the model
up and down. A familiar voice speaks.

Mihoshi:  Bandits and Evildoers will never prevail. For the Galaxy Police is
          right on their trail. No matter where they hide in the reaches of the
          stars. Agent Mihoshi and her partner will put them behind bars!

      Next, you hear the burdened voice of Kiyone from some small distance
      away.

Kiyone:   Please, someone. Just kill me now, and get it over with.

      The camera pulls away so that you now see the model ship as well as some
small doll. The doll seems to be just a little larger than the GP model, but it
looks like a Ryoko miniature (a female oni), with purple hair, ala. punk style.

Mihoshi:  (Now, talking with a lower voice, a sort-of bad villain imitation)
          I'll put a stop to your Galaxy Police stuff.

Mihoshi:  (Back in her normal voice) Oh no! An evil Space Pirate! Give up, you
          evil Space Pirate you!

      You hear a groan come from Mihoshi's partner.

Mihoshi:  (Villain imitation again) I don't wanna, I don't wanna. {The doll
          shakes up and down, as the words are spoken}


Mihoshi:  {Turning the model ship around to face the doll} In that case. I,
          First Class Agent Mihoshi put you under arrest for violating code
          1423, section A. No!!.. No, No. Or was it, 4578 section Q? Um..


      The camera pulls away, and you see Mihoshi, sitting on the floor, near
      the rear of the cockpit, still holding her toys. She looks awfully
      confused for a second. Then, an idea strikes her.

Mihoshi:  Well, you committed some nasty deeds so my partner and I are taking
          you in.

Mihoshi:  (Back in villain voice) Not Agent Mihoshi?!?!?! I gotta get out of
          here.

      Mihoshi now moves her hands around, acting out some fictitious dog-fight,
      where the GP spacecraft is in hot pursuit of this Space Pirate miniature.

Mihoshi:  You can never run from the Galaxy Police! Wherever you go, we will
          catch you. Isn't that right, Kiyone-san!

      Mihoshi continues moving her hands around, as she verbally makes laser
      gun noises. The Camera now shows Kiyone, in the front of the cockpit, in
      the pilot's seat with Mihoshi behind her, in the distance. Kiyone has a
      large book in her lap. You can see, from the book cover, that it is the
      Galaxy Police Operations handbook.

Kiyone:   Come on, Come on! I know there's some code in here, that talks about
          "Sound Reasons to Shoot Your Own Partner".

        Still, in this view, you hear Mihoshi say,

Mihoshi:  (In villain voice) ohh! Stop! Please! I can't..<cough> <cough>
          take it any more! I give up, I give up! Take me in!

Mihoshi:  (Back in her normal voice) Another case solved by our wonderful
          Galaxy---


      Suddenly, Mihoshi is interrupted by the detection signals of the ship's
      tracking computer. Kiyone quickly puts her book down and checks the
      radar screen. The screen shows a comet-shaped object, approaching the
      ship at incredible speed.

Mihoshi:  Huh???

Kiyone:   What the---

      Before Kiyone could say anything else, the camera shifts to a position,
      just behind Mihoshi, facing forward. You can see the back of both of
      their heads, as well as the front viewscreen. It shows, what looks like,
      a blue crystalline comet growing three times as large every two seconds,
      giving about 10 seconds before impact.

      The camera shows the two Agents from the front, with Kiyone rearing in
      her seat with a shocked and fearful look on her face. Next you see a
      close up of Mihoshi, with her arms wrapped around her legs, squeezing her
      toys tightly.

Mihoshi:  (Crying) We're gonna die! {she first starts whimpering, then to all
                   out bawling)

      Hardly a second later, the object passes by, just to the port side of the
      spacecraft. The camera shows this from behind Mihoshi, in slow
      motion, as Mihoshi and Kiyone watch it fly past.

Mihoshi and Kiyone: (Simultaneously) Huh?

Kiyone:   What the hell! {Kiyone then starts typing into the tracking computer,
          to see if she can still track the object, with not much luck).

Mihoshi:  (In a soft and uneasy voice) Whatever that was, it was heading for
          earth.

Kiyone:   And how in the universe would *you* know that?!

Mihoshi:  (with a timid expression) uh. A little hunch, I guess....

                         ----===========----

      The next thing seen, is the interior of an alien spacecraft. The front
      of the cockpit suggests that the interior is egg shaped. The material
      lining the walls seems to be a dark-colored metal, with large
      transparent slits, showing through to the darkness of space, outside.
      However, much of the view of space is obscured by what looks like a
      stream of white flowing energy on the outside surface. The steady
      current seems spotted with small sparks or explosions. Once every few
      seconds, you can see flare bursts projecting away from the front of
      the craft. There seems to be no fixed instrument screens. In this case
      all the various readings come from flat invisible floating screens,
      showing holographic images. You can see various screens showing
      fluctuating signals. There is one screen, off to the right, which
      appears to show 5 lit bars, 4 very short ones, and 1 long bar decreasing
      in length. The interior of the ship seems to be lit from a source behind
      the camera. An ominous voice speaks...

<Voice-over>: Rage and vengeance can only bring defeat when fear hinders its
              true potential. But to boldly stare at the face of your enemy
              brings forth the true shining power from within.

      You can see the shadows of the screen images move behind them as a new
      screen appears before them. The image shown is the upper bust of Tenchi,
      wearing his high school shirt, and an innocent smile on his face.

<Voice-over>: <brief laughter> Masaki Tenchi. heh heh. So, this is the scourge
              of Yagami! <he chuckles>  I've drained opponents much more
              powerful than this. Even though I no longer possess the power I
              once had; with little effort, I shall rid Tenchi of his
              existence. For the sake of the Yagami clan, this embarrassment
              dies here. The Yagami family will know fear no more. I, Nyoken,
              will make sure of it. May Kane be proud.

                          ----==============================----

      Back at the Masaki household. The camera shows the interior of the main
      entrance room. You can see the painting on the rear wall of the room,
      with the stairs and hallway to the kitchen, on the left. You hear some
      sounds of boiling water, pots, and pans. It is at this time you hear
      Ryoko let out a muffled yawn. The camera pans down to show Ryoko lounging
      on the sofa, her outstretched arms, at full length. She then uses her
      arms to change her position before letting out a soft groan. Then you see
      her change position again. And again. And again. And again, until she
      flops face down on the couch, with her chin resting on the sofa's left
      arm. The camera now shows a close up view of Ryoko's head resting there.

Ryoko:    <Giving a labored groan> I'm sooooooo bored, Otisan. Isn't there
          anything fun to do around here? 

                                          ---

          {Quick personal note: For those who aren't familiar with Japanese,
          take note. Otisan more or less, means father.}

                                          ---

Nobuyuki: <From the kitchen> Well, as usual, the shrine can always use a little
          work.

Ryoko:    <Looking disapointed, she softly replies> I thought you'd say that.

      The camera shifts to view Tenchi's father, looking back, while rinsing
      dishes in the sink.

Nobuyuki: Well, my son could probably give you better ideas. They say that
          school is food for the brain. <laughs> You know.... Hey! Ryoko! Why
          don't you try to get into school with him. You could see him more
          often, and you'd learn lots of stuff, too.

      The camera goes back to showing Ryoko, on the couch. She still hasn't
      moved.

Ryoko:    <Still looking the same way) Sounds like work.

      The view now, shows Nobuyuki again, at the sink.

Nobuyuki: <Laughs> As they say, "Work is the price you pay for a sharp mind."
          <he then continues to laugh for a brief second or two).

      Suddenly, a hollow grumbling sound comes from the hallway left of the
      stairs.

Nobuyuki: <Mistaking the sound for Ryoko's stomach> You poor girl. You must
          be terribly hungry, by now. Don't worry about a thing. Dinner will
          be served, shortly.

      The view now shows Ryoko's face, still looking bored. As if in response
      to Nobuyuki, she nods her head with a confirming, "Hm." Then the sound
      she heard finally registers as a wary expression appears on her face.

Ryoko:    Hmm???

      The camera pulls back, to view the whole couch area, as Ryoko stands
      up. Knowing, exactly where the sound came from, Ryoko starts to make
      for the hallway. Now, a soft clammer is heard coming from the hallway
      storage closet. Due to the noise in the kitchen, Nobuyuki doesn't
      hear it.

Ryoko:    What the?

      Ryoko approaches the storage closet, putting her ear against the door.
      The camera shows a close-up of her listening in.
      She hears something small fall and hit the floor, on the other side
      of it.

Ryoko:    It can't be....{she says before the camera shows Ryoko's hand grab
          the doorknob}

Nobuyuki: <from the kitchen> Hey Ryoko!

Ryoko:    Yes, otisan!

Nobuyuki: Isn't it about time, Tenchi gets home from school? It would be
          nice to see Tenchi come home to a pretty face. <laughter>

      The camera shows a close-up of Ryoko again, as she looks to the side,
      putting on an evil grin.

Ryoko:    Hmmm. <with her mouth closed, she chuckles>

      The view shows Ryoko's hand slide off the doorknob and you hear the
      sound of Ryoko scurrying away.

                    ---===========================---

      <This is about time, where the commercial break comes on. The typical
       small versions of Azaka and Kamidake. Ryo-oki popping into view
       followed by Japanese characters. Then again, with Ryo-oki holding
       a carrot, which the camera pulls back to show that it is on a
       fishing line with Ryoko holding it. Both accompanied with people
       shouting Reeeeyo!! followed by drum sounds. OK OK, so this is a bit
       much, I'll only describe the commercial breaks once, ok? Don't
       shoot me.>

                    ---============================---

      The camera now shows the upper body of Tenchi, walking back from
      school, holding his schoolbag over his right shoulder. From his
      facial expression, he doesn't appear all that happy.

Tenchi:  I swear, history class goes so quick. I come back with an
         excuse for my absence and I already have an exam in two days.
         At this rate, I'd have to study all night, to get it all
         in on time.

      Tenchi begins to look around, as he continues to walk home.
      Admiring the view around him, he begins to smile.

Tenchi:  I have to admit. It's good to be back.

      The camera goes to a position to show the Masaki house, from
      the side. You can see Tenchi walk alongside, towards the
      front of the house. Suddenly, Ryoko's head, to her shoulders,
      pops out from the wall, behind him. She watches him walk
      away with a grin on her face. She wrinkles her nose before
      she completely comes out of the wall. Tenchi continues as
      Ryoko floats behind him. He turns the corner, with Ryoko
      still silently pursuing him.

      Upon approaching the door, Tenchi turns to slide the door open.
      Ryoko, quickly zips behind him. Thinking he saw something,
      from the corner of his eye, Tenchi wears a look of suspicion
      as his head and eyes travel from left to right. The camera shows
      this from the front, so that you can see Ryoko (who is quite
      amused, at this time) peeping over each shoulder, evading his
      line of sight.

      Figuring the coast is clear, Tenchi straightens up and slides the
      door panel open.

Nobuyuki: <From the kitchen> Is that you, Tenchi??

      Tenchi steps forward, taking the bookbag off his shoulder. Ryoko
      stays back, as Tenchi starts to blindly slide the door closed, behind
      him.

Tenchi:   Yes, father.

      The door closes, leaving Ryoko outside.

Nobuyuki: <from the kitchen> How was school today?

Tenchi:   Fine.

      Tenchi drops his bag onto the floor, beside him. He gives
      out a sigh and slouches forward, looking tired. He takes
      no more than 2 breaths before Ryoko pokes half of her body,
      through the door. You see this as a close-up, from the side.

Ryoko:    <Seductively> Tennnnnnchi!

Tenchi:   Ahhh! <he screams as he jumps off running, tripping over
          a small red ball. He waves his arms wildly.>

Ryoko:    Tenchi! <She shouts in surprise.  Before Tenchi falls flat
          on his back, Ryoko flies out of the door and catches him.
          There's silence for a moment, where you see the two of them
          on the floor.
          Tenchi's heart is pounding furiously, as he starts to calm
          down.>

          Noticing the vulnerable position, she has him in, Ryoko
          decides to take advantage of it. She begins to hug and
          snuggle up to him, from behind. She again, puts on a
          seductive fashion.

Ryoko:    Tennnnchi! Welcome home!

Tenchi:   Let me go!!!

Ryoko:    {This time, complying with Tenchi's order, she lets go saying}
          What's the matter?

Tenchi:   {Grabbing the ball, he quickly stands up, and turns toward Ryoko}
          {Holding the ball, in front of him, he begins to scold her.}
          Can't you remember to put Ryo-oki's toys back when you're
          finished with them?

Ryoko:    {Still knelt on the floor, looking as if she was a schoolgirl
           being scolded by a principal.} But......

Tenchi:   No buts! Let's just put this back, ok?

          Tenchi turns to walk to the storage closet. He seems still a bit
          agitated with Ryoko's games. As he starts walking, Ryoko stands
          up, brushing herself off, and follows. As Tenchi reaches the door,
          Ryoko speaks up.

Ryoko:    Tenchi. I wouldn't....

          Tenchi, completely ignoring her, grabs the doorknob and cracks it
          open. The camera then shifts to a close-up of Ryoko.

Ryoko:    <Now looking a bit miffed> Listen to me!

          The Camera now shifts to a view of Tenchi from behind Ryoko's
          right shoulder.

          Tenchi looks back at her, opening the door completely. He holds
          the ball, in front of him and drops the ball. The camera shows
          a fairly close shot of Washu standing right behind the door, as
          the ball bounces off her head, onto the floor somewhere behind
          her. Washu doesn't look all that pleased about this disturbance.
          The camera now shows the view as if shown from Washu's eyes.
          (We call this in technical terms, "Little Washu View!")

Tenchi:   <still looking at Ryoko> There! Now was that so hard for you?!
          {He then notices Ryoko's nervously surprised look before saying}
          Huh?

          Ryoko quickly brings her hand up to point at something behind
          Tenchi's back. Tenchi quickly turns around. The camera shows
          a close-up of Washu's upper body, her fists on her hips and
          looking quite disturbed. It goes to Washu view again to see
          Tenchi jump back in surprise.

Tenchi:   Whu- Washu-chan! What are you doing here?

          Now the camera pulls back to see all three of them.

Washu:    What do you think? I'm working, ok? Now, do you mind a little
          privacy here? Besides, You're too early. I'm not ready for you
          yet.

Tenchi:   For what?

Washu:    <With magical sparkles, Washu puts her hands together, bringing
          them up next to her face. Her eyes drawn big and round> My next
          absolutely brilliant experiment, of course!

Tenchi:   <Now looking like a victim.> Why me?

Washu:    <Arms back on hips> Hey! You should be Honored to be experimented
          on by such a brilliant scientist such as myself. With my mind,
          the possibilities are endless, so there, if you don't mind.

          Washu grabs the door knob and pulls it shut, leaving Tenchi and
          Ryoko, with a puzzled look on their faces. They both let out a
          sigh, simultaneously.

Nobuyuki: <from the kitchen> Dinner's ready! Hey Tenchi! Can you give me a
          hand here?

Tenchi:   Coming, father!

          Tenchi turns and walks to the kitchen. Ryoko starts following him.
          As soon as Ryoko passes the storage closet door, the door reopens.
          Poking her head out of the entrance, Washu says..

Washu:    Hey!

Ryoko:    <Without turning around, she stops abruptly. A nervous look on her
          face. Informally, she says> Yes?

Washu:    I'll need to see *you*, when I'm done with Tenchi. {The door closes
          abruptly as Ryoko lets out a soft groan, looking like a victim
          herself.}

          The camera switches to view Ryoko, from the back. She starts
          walking towards the kitchen, when the doorbell rings.

Nobuyuki: <From the kitchen, .sigh. again> I wonder who that could be? Hey
          Ryoko-san! Could you answer the door, please?

          Turning around, Ryoko walks up to the door. The camera now shows
          the view from Ryoko's eyes. The door panel slides back to show
          Aeka standing outside; her little sister, Sasami standing
          behind, to her left. Both of them are wearing polite smiles on
          their faces.

          The camera immediately switches to show Ryoko, from the front,
          her smile dropping out of existence and the door sliding back
          closed. Next, you see Aeka and Sasami, from the side, with
          Aeka banging on the door panel, with her right fist.

Aeka:     <Shouting angrily> You open this door, Miss Ryoko!!!!!

          The words were loud enough to be heard from the kitchen. Tenchi
          stops collecting the dishes, looking as if he couldn't believe
          what he heard.

Tenchi:   Aeka-san!

          Now the view shows Ryoko from the front, her fists clenched to
          her sides. She looks and sounds like she is ready to explode
          in anger.

Ryoko:    {Softly} Every time  I think I'm gonna have time alone with Tenchi,
          this bitch has to show up. {At this time, Tenchi enters the room
          and makes for the front door.} Why won't she leave us alone.

          Without hearing Ryoko's soft words, Tenchi passes in front of
          her, opening the door. The camera shows Aeka and Sasami from
          Tenchi's eyes.

Aeka and Sasami: <with smiles> Hi!

Tenchi:   <With a surprised look on his face> Aeka-san! Sasami-chan!
          <He lets out an uneasy laugh> What are you doing here?

Aeka:     Oh, I just thought we could give you a visit. See what you were
          up to, these days. Isn't that right, Sasami!

Sasami:   <Nodding her head> Yeah! <Hai in Japanese, of course>

Tenchi:   Come on in, er... Father!

Nobuyuki: <And yet again, from the kitchen. Getting tired of this? I am.>
          Yes, Tenchi!

Tenchi:   Aeka and Sasami are here!

          The camera switches to view the entrance to the kitchen. Nobuyuki
          steps out, holding a plate.

Nobuyuki: <Writers note: Finally! No Kitchen reference!..Doh!> Aeka! Sasami!
          What a pleasant surprise! Dinner's about to be served. You two pretty
          girls must be tired from the long trip. Have a seat.

          Walking past Ryoko, Ayeka waves back at her, with a regal and
          belittling gesture saying,

Aeka:     Miss Ryoko. <She does this as if waving to one of her lowly
          subjects.>

          Ryoko, simply stands there fuming. Sticking out her tongue, she
          makes a face at Aeka. Sasami begins to follow her bigger sister. She,
          however, stops in front of Ryoko.

Sasami:   (Looking up at Ryoko) Miss Ryoko. Excuse me.. {Ryoko then looks
          down at Sasami as if just noticing her} Where's Ryo-oki?

Ryoko:    <Swallowing her anger she raises her right arm to point at the
          stairs> Upstairs.

Sasami:   <With a cute happy expression> Thanks, Miss Ryoko! {Then pulling
          out a carrot from her shirt, she makes for the stairs) Ryo-oki!!
          Come down! I brought a present!

Ryo-oki:  <From upstairs> Meow! Meow!

          The camera shifts to view the top of the stair case. Ryo-oki
          slides into view conveniently coming to a screeching halt, right
          in front of the camera. She wears an open smile.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Tenchi Muyo! - No Need for Another Episode - Part Two

                          No Room for Another Tenchi
                          --------------------------

          Here, you see the outside of the Masaki household. The light of the
          dusk sun wanes, as night approaches. The lights come on. At this
          time, you hear Nobuyuki speak.

Nobuyuki: So, Aeka-san, What's going on with your two other friends? Azaka
          and er...um... Kamidake, if I may ask?

          The view shows the group at the table, keeping Aeka in the center.
          Aeka seems to steal a few glances at Tenchi -- Who happens to be
          sitting right across from her -- while he's eating.
          There's an extra plate set up, next to Aeka. Ryoko, like Tenchi, is
          more interested in eating than talking, tonight. It's also probably
          because Ryoko is sitting inbetween Aeka and Sasami, why she doesn't
          feel much like talking. Nobuyuki is the only other person, sitting
          on the same side of the table as Tenchi.

          Sasami takes a few bites of her food; then taking a carrot off the
          table, she holds it in front of Ryo-oki. Ryo-oki starts munching
          on the carrot as Sasami smiles back at her. It seems obvious, that
          Sasami enjoys watching Ryo-oki eat out of her hands.

Aeka:     (As if talking to Tenchi and not Nobuyuki) They're back on Planet
          Jurai, watching things for me. I was hoping to come alone, but Sasami
          insisted on coming with me.

Nobuyuki: (Pleasantly amused) Ah ha! So, Sasami! Is this true?

          Sasami lets go of the carrot. Ryo-oki grabs the carrot with her front
          two paws and continues without Sasami's help.

Sasami:   (Turning to face Nobuyuki, she looks downward slightly; her eyes
          pointing in Aeka's direction) Yes. Big sis wanted to leave me at
          home, all alone.

Aeka:     (Turning towards Sasami, she gets defensive saying) Hey! You had
          Azaka and Kamidake, to keep you company.

Sasami:   (Pouting) They're no fun.

          Aeka sits back, facing forward. She looks upward with a facial
          expression that says, "Suit yourself."

          This new view shows the group at the table, behind Nobuyuki's back.
          The closet door opens. Hearing this, Sasami and Aeka turn to face
          the hallway. Washu steps out and walks to the table.

Washu:    (With a somewhat formal gesture) Good evening.

          Washu, takes the prepared plate, that was left out for her. She then
          grabs her drink and walks back to the storage closet. Aeka watches
          this with a confused look on her face, her hand pointing in Washu's
          direction. Sasami simply watches without much of an expression at 
          all. After Washu enters the closet, the door closes behind her.
          Aeka looks at the rest of the table. Seeing that nobody else seems
          surprised, she quickly drops the surprised look, clearing her
          throat. Sasami goes right back to playing with Ryo-oki, at this
          time, humming a little tune. Nobuyuki's hand picks an empty bowl
          off of the table. 

Nobuyuki: Looks like this one's run out. {Standing up from the table} I'll
          be right back. 

          You see Nobuyuki carry the bowl off down the hallway. Aeka is also
          in view, still at the table. As Nobuyuki disappears into the
          kitchen, Aeka glances over at Tenchi.

          Aeka begins to wear a look of concern as she stares at Tenchi. As
          if he sensed eyes on him, Tenchi looks up to see Aeka staring at
          him. Wondering what Aeka is thinking, Tenchi stops eating and stares
          back. 

          While eating, Ryoko catches Tenchi's stare. Her eyes travel along
          Tenchi's visual route of travel to find Aeka at the end of it. 
          Ryoko's eyes, then travel along Aeka's visual route of travel to
          see Tenchi at the end of that one. The camera goes to a close-up of
          Ryoko, who looks displeased with this display.

Ryoko:    Hey! What's with the staring?

          For the next few lines, the camera shows a close up of each 
          character, as they say their line. Brief pauses go inbetween each
          line.

Aeka:     (Completely ignoring Ryoko) Tenchi.

Tenchi:   Aeka-san.

Aeka:     (Looking a bit more concerned) Tenchi. I need to talk with you,
          in private.

Ryoko:    (Now looking at Aeka, she says sternly) Why can't you say it right
          here?

          The camera goes to a position, to show Aeka and Ryoko from over
          Tenchi's left shoulder. Aeka turns to face Ryoko, putting on a posh
          royal expression.

Aeka:     Because it's none of your business, that's why.

Ryoko:    (Sternly) If you can tell my future husband, you can tell me!

Aeka:     (Standing up, with fists clenched; Aeka yells down at Ryoko saying)
          NOT IF I HAVE A SAY ABOUT IT!!!!!!

          The camera goes to view Tenchi. (Can we say sweatdrop time? I thought
          you could.) 

Tenchi:   (Breaking a sweat and looking distressed) Aeka-san! It's not like
          that! Really!

          (Minor detail note: Even though you don't easily see it. Sasami
          is still playing with Ryo-oki. She's so preoccupied with her, that
          she doesn't appear to pay attention to the fight. Besides, she
          doesn't want to get involved.........Smart girl!)

          The camera switches to a side view of Aeka and Ryoko.

Ryoko:    (Standing up, to meet her gaze, she clenches her fists and says)
          And what do you think *you're* gonna do about it?

          Electric sparks generate between the foreheads of Aeka and Ryoko
          as their power surges with anger.

Aeka:     (Grabbing Ryoko's shirt, below the neck, with both hands) If you
          *Ever* lay a hand on Tenchi, I'll.....

Ryoko:    (Now grabbing Aeka's shirt, in the same fashion) You'll what? I'm
          gonna make you regret you ever layed a hand on me. (Ryoko now
          changes her tone of voice to one of a victimized woman.) You see,
          Tenchi. This woman's trying to break up the precious love that we
          share together.

          You see a close up of Aeka's face, looking very intimidating, as
          you hear her charging up. 

          Next you see a close up of Ryoko's face, looking intimidating as
          well, as you hear her charging up.

          Next thing you hear, is the front door slide open. The camera pulls
          back, to show Aeka and Ryoko, in full view. Both of them look as if
          they are paused in mortal struggle. Aeka immediately whips her head
          to face the front door, dropping her anger.

Aeka:     Huh?

          Ryoko, who heard the sound too, reacts less than a second afterwards.

Ryoko:    (Turning her head to face the front door) Huh?

          The camera now goes to a position, just outside the open door.
          Tenchi, in the front, is holding his bookbag, over his right
          shoulder. You can see Aeka and Ryoko, in the background, looking
          at him.

Aeka:     Tenchi??

Tenchi:   (He wears a look that says, "Don't bother me." Without turning
          around, he says.) I'm going to the shrine.

          Ryoko and Aeka take notice that they are still clenching each other.
          They let go of each other and face Tenchi.

Ryoko:    What's wrong?

Tenchi:   I need to study. Don't wait up for me.

          The camera goes back to view Ryoko and Aeka simply standing there,
          as you hear the front door slide closed. In that position, both
          Aeka's and Ryoko's eyes travel to look at each other. 

Ryoko and Aeka: (Turning their backs to one another. They fold their arms,
                 across their chests and say) Hmph!

          The camera now goes to view a close-up of Sasami, kneeling by the
          table. Ryo-oki is on her back, in front of Sasami. Ryoko, and then
          Aeka's back, is seen just behind them. Sasami is tickling Ryo-oki's
          feet and Ryo-oki is twisting around in cat-rabbit laughter.

Ryo-oki:  Meow MEOW! Meow Meow Meow! MEEEEEEOOOOW!

Sasami:   (Giggles) Ryo-oki! hee hee! You're so funny!

             ----------==================================----------

<Commercial Break Time! For details, see the commercial break in the last part>

             ----------==================================----------

          This view shows the outside of the Masaki residence, the lights
          are still on, at this time. After a couple of seconds, the lights
          go out. 

          The next thing you see is the interior of the main entrance room.
          Nobuyuki is sleeping on the sofa. The camera pans upward until
          Nobuyuki is no longer in view. The view switches to the guest
          bedroom. It is here, you see Ryoko, Aeka, and Sasami, sleeping
          on separate spaces, on the floor. Ryoko's spot is in the direct
          path, of the moonlight, which comes through the window. Everybody
          here is in slumber.

          The view now switches to a close-up view of Ryoko, sleeping on her
          side, facing away from the camera. You hear her let out a soft
          moan as she stirs in her sleep. She rolls over, onto her other
          side, still trying to sleep. Ryoko's eyes open, then she rolls
          onto her back, putting her hands behind her head.

Ryoko:    (Thinking to herself) My Tenchi's been gone a while now. Damn! If
          it weren't for that idiot princess; right now, Tenchi would be here
          with me. (Slight pause) Hmm.... Perhaps, he's come back, already.

          Lifting the covers off her, Ryoko stands up and heads for the door.
          The camera switches to view the door as Ryoko passes through it.
          You now see the door to Tenchi's room, viewed from the hallway.
          Ryoko stops outside of this door and places her ear next to it.
          Ryoko passes through this door into Tenchi's room.

Ryoko:    (Spoken Softly) Tennchi, where are you?

          The view goes to view Tenchi's room interior, across the room, from
          the door. Ryoko is centered, in this view, standing right in front
          of the door; however, nearly the whole room is in view. The lights
          are out and Tenchi is nowhere to be seen.

          The next thing you see is the rooftop. Suddenly, Ryoko comes up
          through the roof and stands on top. You see her place her hand
          on her forehead, searching over the Masaki grounds with a right to
          left search pattern. She stops, to think for a second or two. Then
          a smirk etches across her face.

Ryoko:    (As if speaking to Tenchi) Still alone, in the shrine, hmm Tenchi?
          Don't worry about a thing, my love. I'll keep you company.

          You then see Ryoko float off the rooftop. She then flies off camera.

                                    <------->

          The next thing you see is the exterior of the shrine, from a few
          feet behind a tree. A light comes from the shrine, due to the
          lit candles inside. Ryoko materializes just behind the tree. Putting
          her hands on the trunk, Ryoko looks around the tree to watch the
          shrine.

          The view goes to a close-up of Ryoko, who puts on an evil grin.

Ryoko:    Hmmm. (she then chuckles to herself, as an idea of opportunity comes
          to mind.)

                     *-----------------------------------*

          The next thing you see, is a view of the night sky. A second or two
          later, a small glimmer is visible, followed by a flash of light.
          From behind the flash, you see a burning white ball fall from the
          sky. The ball descends rapidly leaving a small trail behind it. 
          The view switches to view the forest, between the Masaki house and
          the shrine. You can still see the horizon, of the night sky, in
          this view. Here you see the white ball continue to descend right
          into the forest, without slowing down. The ball impacts within the
          forest, just left of center. It is from that point you see a
          white explosion expand to a 40 foot radius, before dwindling to
          darkness.

                     *-----------------------------------*

Sasami:   (letting out a blood curdling scream)

          The view goes to show Sasami, sitting up from her bed. There's
          tears in her eyes. You can hear Sasami making muffled crying
          noises. The mark on her forehead glows brightly. Sasami looks awfully
          distressed.

          The lights come on, in the bedroom. Sasami's mark stops glowing,
          at this time.

Aeka:     (from off camera) Sasami!

Ryo-oki:  (Going to a close-up of Ryo-oki, sitting on the floor) Meow Meow!

          The view goes back to view Sasami, from a little further away. 
          Ryo-oki jumps into Sasami's arms. Sasami holds the cat-rabbit
          close to her, her muffled cries coming to a stop. Aeka kneels beside
          her with a concerned look on her face.

Aeka:     Sasami. What's wrong?

Sasami:   (Sasami shakes her head from side to side. She can't even speak
          to say, 'No'. She simply lets out a..)  MM. MM.

Aeka:     Don't you wanna talk about it?

Sasami:   (Sasami shakes her head again, making the same noise.)

Aeka:     (Putting her hand on Sasami's forehead) That must have been some kind
          of a dream.

          The view goes to show a close-up of Aeka, pulling back.

Aeka:     Oh? Feels warm. Miss Ryoko?

          The camera pulls back to also bring Ryoko's empty bed into view.

Aeka:     (Turning to address Ryoko's empty bed) Could you fetch us some
          water, please? (face changing to a surprised look) Ahh!

          Aeka's expression immediately drops to one of irritation.

Aeka:     Now, where has that loathsome creature run off to now? {She then
          gives a sigh and stands up. Aeka then starts to move for the door}

          The view immediately goes to a close-up view of Sasami, looking up
          at Aeka.

Sasami:   (Still looking frightened, holding onto Ryo-oki) Don't leave me.

Aeka:     (Viewed from Sasami's eyes, Aeka sighs, offering a hand) Come on.

          The next thing you see is Aeka approach the door to Tenchi's room,
          with Sasami in tow. Sasami still carries Ryo-oki with her.

Ryo-oki:  Meow Meow.

Aeka:     (Softly knocking on Tenchi's door) Tenchi? May I come in?

          Of course, there's no answer. Aeka, cracks the door open a little.
          She goes to peep in the room.

Aeka:     Tenchi?

Aeka:     (The view goes to show Aeka, from inside the room; the door is open
          and Sasami is seen standing behind her.) Now where have the two of
          them gone now? (As if just realizing the fact that both Ryoko and
          Tenchi are missing, she swears in japanese.)

Aeka:     (boiling with anger) No doubt Ryoko has Tenchi in the shrine. Showing
          him this, and doing that. I swear, that lowly woman can't leave him
          alone for a minute! (she lets out an angry muffled growl)

          You now see the main room where Aeka is marching down the steps,
          dragging her little sister with her. They reach the bottom of the
          stairs. Sasami seems hesitant to leave the house, but simply can't
          argue with Aeka's strength. The camera goes to show the outside
          of the storage closet door, with Sasami passing by in front of it.

Sasami:   (Sounding a bit concerned) Big Sister? (Sasami travels out of view)
          Where are we going?

          You hear the audible sound of the front door open and then shut.
          At this time, the closet door opens. Washu pokes her head out,
          from behind the door, a curious look on her face.

                     *-----------------------------------*

          The view goes to show a crashed space craft, somewhere in the
          middle of the forest. From the look of it, the dark craft created
          a small crater, around it, from the impact. Through slit sized
          openings and a hole, in the side of the craft, you can see a light
          emanating from within. At this time, the brightness of this light
          diminishes rapidly, until hardly any light -except moonlight- is
          seen. 

          Now the hole, on the side of the craft, is viewed close up. No
          more than a second later, a boy-sized humanoid emerges from the
          darkness. The light of moonlight now begins to reveal the
          appearance of this new visitor. Just outside the ship stands a
          boy, wearing a black high school outfit, looking exactly
          like Tenchi Masaki. In this case, the left arm is missing, a 
          dim pulsating light shining from the empty arm socket. The boy
          looks at his arm, and then at the ship. 

          All of a sudden, every part of the ship appears to glow. The
          intensity of the light grows to a near white. Then the ship bursts
          into thousands if not millions of particles, which begin to swarm
          in a circular cyclone. The particles swarm to the boy's empty arm
          socket, building up the arm. Seconds later, the arm is completed.
          Looking at his new arm, the boy begins to flex his fingers.
          The camera pulls back to show his upper body. The boy looks around,
          for a second or two. A satisfied smirk etches across his face.

[Tenchi]: Hmph! 

                     *-----------------------------------*
                   <Break for another commercial goes here.>
                     *-----------------------------------*

          Here, the view is looking down a path through the forest. The path
          drops down, several feet from the camera. Aeka, still dragging
          Sasami, comes up over this hill.

Sasami:   Big Sister, please slow down.

Ryo-oki:  Meow Meow!

Aeka:     And give that beast one more minute with Tenchi? I won't stand for
          it! (The camera now goes to a side view of the trio.)

Aeka:     (with hostile intent, she says) I swear when I get my hands on that
          woman, she'll be begging me for mercy. (Aeka laughs in her typical
          fashion).

          The camera pulls back to view the trio continue along the path,
          passing by bushes and foliage. The view remains still, as the group
          leaves the picture. The next thing you see, is Tenchi stand up, from
          behind the bushes, looking towards where the group was heading.
          The camera goes to view a close-up of Tenchi, standing here.

[Tenchi]: (Cracking a grin, he chuckles to himself)

                     *-----------------------------------*

          Back at the Masaki shrine, we see a side view of Tenchi sleeping over
          an open history book. You see other cards and papers around him, in
          a chaotic fashion. Tenchi stirs. He wakes up, with a drowsy
          expression on his face.

Tenchi:   Hmm? Uh.. it was 1816!

Tenchi:   (Realizing that he's been sleeping. He quickly sits back up, shaking
          his head out of slumber saying) Huh?

Tenchi:   Oh. {Then putting an elbow on his knee, he rests his head in his
          left hand with a labored sigh} This is too much. How long have I been
          out?

          The view pulls back slightly to show Ryoko kneeling right behind him.
          She quickly grabs Tenchi from behind, placing her arms around his
          neck. The view snaps to show the couple from the front, Ryoko's
          left cheek pressed up against Tenchi's.

Ryoko:    I don't know. You tell me.

Tenchi:   (Now really waking up, he screams) Ahhhh!

          Ryoko begins to snuggle up to him.

Ryoko:    Tennchi! You're awake!

Tenchi:   (His breathing is more in control now) Ryoko-san! What are you
          doing here?

Ryoko:    Helping you take a break from your studies. You know, all this
          constant work can't be good for you.

Tenchi:   (With his eyes in Ryoko's direction, he puts on a slightly aggravated
          expression. Under his breath, he says) Like you would know.. er...

Ryoko:    (With her right hand, she rubs Tenchi's left cheek) You know,
          Tenchi... This is kind of romantic, you and me alone in the
          candlelight.

Tenchi:   (With a nervous look, he feels a little funny and says) heh heh.
          Stop it, will ya?

Ryoko:    (Without stopping anything. Her voice becomes more deep and
          seductive) You know you really don't want me to.

          While the next line is said, Ryoko uses her arm to push Tenchi down
          and onto his back.

Tenchi:   (With a nervous chuckle) heh heh. You're scaring me, Ryoko-san.

Ryoko:    I'm here for you now. (As she climbs on top of him. Pinning him down)
          You have nothing to be afraid of. {Her evil grin spreading, she
          chuckles, pulling the shoulders of her dress down)
          The view goes to Tenchi, from Ryoko's eyes. The view getting closer
          and closer to Tenchi's face.

Tenchi:   (Looking as nervous as can be and breaking a sweat) Ryoko-san. Please
          don't do this.

          The view goes back to showing Ryoko getting closer and closer, still
          with a chuckle.

          The view switches to view Ryoko lying on top of Tenchi, her lips a
          mere two inches from his. No more than a split second later, the
          door quickly slides open, revealing a very angry Aeka behind it.

Aeka:     Miss Ryoko! {She now takes notice to the position Ryoko has Tenchi
          in.) Ahhhh!

Ryoko:    (Standing back up, she faces Aeka saying) Must you *always* interfere
          when I'm having fun?

Tenchi:   Aeka-san! Nothing happened, really!

          The view switches to view a close-up of Ryoko and Aeka, from the other
          direction. This accents how fast it took for Aeka to clear 10 feet of
          distance and face Ryoko in a fighting stance.

Aeka:     This is the last time, Ryoko! I gave you fair warning! Prepare for
          your trip to hell.

          Aeka begins to surge with power.

Ryoko:    You go first!

          Ryoko starts charging up, her hands each glowing in power, lighting
          travelling between them.

[Tenchi]: (From outside the shrine) I think that will be enough, for now.

          The view switches to see Sasami, (who is standing right at the door),
          Ryo-oki (in Sasami's arms), Aeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi (who is still
          lying on the floor) from just outside the door. They all look
          directly at the camera.

Sasami,Tenchi,Ryoko, and Aeka:   Huh??

          It is at this time, you see the girls (As well as Ryo-oki) blink
          twice. They look back at Tenchi, on the floor, and then look back
          outside.

Ryo-oki:  Meow!

[Tenchi]: (Now showing a close-up of Tenchi standing outside. A grin on his
          face) (he lets out a chuckle) Masaki Tenchi! I found you at last!

          The next thing you see is the group from outside the temple. Tenchi
          now stands next to Ryoko looking as if he saw a ghost. Everybody is
          speechless as the center of the view travels from Tenchi, then to
          Ryoko, then to Aeka, and finally to Sasami and Ryo-oki.
          You then see a close up of Sasami's face, her mouth open, her eyes
          blinking once. Then a close-up of the mark on her forehead.

          Now looking back at Tenchi standing outside, the grin leaves his
          face, now looking more confused.

[Tenchi]: That mark.........{He then takes a step forward}

          The view pulls back to show one Tenchi standing outside, in front of
          the red arch entrance of the cave. This view is seen from Sasami's
          vantage point. Both Ryoko and Ayeka step to the front, to face this
          new arrival. Next, the view shows Aeka.

Aeka:     Stop right there! Who are you? And what do you want with Tenchi?
          {She continues to wear a stern and protective look.

[Tenchi]: What's this? Do I smell the blood of Jurai? (he chuckles) This grows
          interesting. Give him to me and I'll be easy on the rest of you.

Ryoko:    (The view now centers on Ryoko, her arms crossed in front of her, as
          she says) I would be a little more careful, who you dish out
          commands to, whoever you are.

          The view goes to show Tenchi in front of the Archway, from behind
          Aeka and Ryoko, who are also in view.

[Tenchi]: (Looking down. He lets out a long chuckle. Then his eyes look back
          up as he asks.) You like to know?

          As the very same Tenchi continues to let out a chuckle, his body
          begins to glow. All of a sudden the glowing body changes in shape
          and size. The chuckling becomes lower and more severe as, the
          particles shift and circle forming a large ghostly shape. Parts of
          him seem to flap in the breeze like fabric. The size of him easily
          rivals the width and height of the large red arch behind him. Glowing
          brightly, he appears translucent, so the lit objects behind him are
          seen through his ghostly body.

Nyoken:   It is I, Nyoken of the Yagami Clan, that commands it. Now. Give
          him to me.

          The view goes to Aeka.

Aeka:     Nyoken? (Her eyes travel to the side, as she thinks on that name)
          (She then gasps in surprise and shock)

          For next few lines the camera shows a close up of the speaking
          character.

Sasami:   (She screams and then cries) No!

Aeka:     (With a concerned look on her face) Sasami.

Nyoken:   So, you *do* know of me.

Aeka:     Tenchi! Sasami! Listen to me! Run for it!

          The view goes to show Tenchi and Sasami.

Tenchi:   Aeka-san.

Ryoko:    (Seen from Tenchi's position, behind her) Tenchi! Hurry!

Tenchi:   Ryoko.

          The view goes to show everybody at the shrine, from above and behind
          Nyoken. Tenchi and Sasami break off running, towards the forest.

          The camera now pans across the backs of Aeka and Ryoko, keeping
          Nyoken in view.

Nyoken:   How amusing. Looks like I get to have a little fun, now.

Ryoko:    (In fighting stance) We'll see who's laughing when I'm through with
          you.

          Ryoko's hands ignite with energy as she takes flight. After rising
          a few feet, she disappears. The view goes to show Nyoken, from the
          front, high and above his head. Ryoko reappears in this position,
          in the air. Nyoken, now looks up at her, an inquisitive look on his
          face. Ryoko responds with a charged up groan as she points her
          arms at him. No more than a second later, she delivers a series
          of flaming energy bursts. As the bursts come in contact with
          Nyoken's ghostly form. The ignited particles around the bursts
          separate, allowing the bursts to fly through. The view goes to
          show a close-up Ryoko.

Ryoko:    (Looking surprised) Huh?

          The view changes to show Nyoken, as the ignited particles seal
          back, closing the holes. During this time, he laughs.

Nyoken:   Impressive. Not entirely successful, though.

          The view changes to show a close up of Nyoken's right hand. His
          fingers assume a plucking motion. The hand plucks in thin air.
          The next thing you see is a view of Nyoken, from around Ryoko's
          back, a ball of pulsating particles flying at such a speed, it's
          shown in slow motion. Ryoko only has time to gasp, before the
          ball impacts against her body. Sending her flying back.

          The camera shows a distant view of Nyoken with Aeka standing in
          front of him. Mildly singed, Ryoko falls into view, impacting
          face-down on the ground. She pushes herself up.

Ryoko:    (Still dazed) uh.. What hit me?

          Closeup view of Nyoken.

Nyoken:   (Turning to look at Aeka) Now I know you can do better than that!

          Closeup view of Aeka.

Aeka:     Just watch me. {Aeka begins to charge up}

          The view goes to show Nyoken's entire form.

Nyoken:   (Looking around) What's this?

          A collection of electrified poles gather around Nyoken. No more than
          a second later, they charge up, causing the excited particles of
          him to vibrate fiercely in shock. Nyoken, this time, seems stunned
          by the attack, for a few seconds. Then the poles start to move.
          The view changes to show Aeka's face switch to one of surprise.

Aeka:     Huh?

          The view goes back to Nyoken, as the poles start to gather together.
          The excited particles start to gather around and roll all the poles
          into a ball. The ball glows with energy as Nyoken chuckles on.
          Nyoken reforms behind the ball, holding it in his left hand.

Nyoken:   (With a chuckle) Hmph. Not bad. Try this one.

Aeka:     (A close-up of her face, in shocked surprise she says) Eh?

          The view goes back to show Nyoken literally roll the glowing ball,
          like he was bowling, in Aeka's direction. The camera pulls back
          to show Aeka running towards the shrine, the ball in pursuit behind
          her. The ball continues, breaking up all the rock tiles in its
          path. As the ball gets close to Aeka, she turns to her right,
          evading the ball. The ball passes behind her and continues to rip
          through the wall of the shrine causing who knows what destruction
          in there. The commotion of things breaking, in there, is heard.
          Tripping on a loose rock, Aeka stumbles and falls down, as a bunch
          of ignited particles fly back out of the shrine, returning to Nyoken.
          You see a close-up of Aeka as she turns around to face him.

          The camera goes back to show Nyoken, a grin on his face. Another
          ball of energy has formed in his hands.

Nyoken:   Lets try that again, shall we?

          The camera pulls back, keeping Nyoken in view, from a position just
          behind Aeka. You see her quickly clammer to her feet and run off
          camera. The view switches now to see Ryoko sit up and watch Aeka
          running directly towards her, a large ball of energy in pursuit.
          At this time, Ryoko clammers to her feet, turns and runs away herself.
          For a few seconds you see Ryoko, with Aeka right behind her, a large
          energy ball behind them and Nyoken, looking quite amused, chuckling
          in the distance. The view goes to a close-up of Nyoken.

Nyoken:   There's no use running. {He then flies forth in pursuit.}

                     *-----------------------------------*

          Now we see Tenchi and Sasami, standing in the forest. Washu is
          standing right in front of them.

Tenchi:   (With surprise) Washu-chan. What brings you out here?

Washu:    Just checking in on my number 1 test subject. And.. I do have this
          little thing, I would like to test on you.

Tenchi:   What?!

Washu:    All in the name of science, of course.

Tenchi:   There's no time for that now. We gotta get out of here!

          Sasami nods her head in agreement with Tenchi. Ryo-oki does the same.

Ryo-oki:  Meow Meow!

Washu:    (Cracking a grin on her face) Hmmmm. Now that you mention it....

          Immediately afterwards, Aeka and Ryoko run into view, stopping
          in front of the group. The two of them are breathing heavily.

Tenchi:   Ryoko-san!

Sasami:   Big Sister!

Ryo-oki:  Meow Meow!

          At this time, Nyoken shows up in the distance, behind them.

Nyoken:   (With an air of confidence) Masaki!

          The view switches to a close-up of Tenchi as he gives a hard swallow.
          The view pulls back, to show the group with Washu standing in front
          of them.

Washu:    (With a smirk, she activates a device on her wrist saying.) Hmph.

          The entire group flashes and disappears, leaving Nyoken behind.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             Tenchi Muyo! - No Need for Another Episode - Part 3.
                       No Room for Any More Characters.


          The view switches to an open location, somewhere in the middle of the
          forest. A couple of seconds pass. Then, all of a sudden, a small
          speck of light flashes, in the middle of the view. Then the light
          begins to expand. It keeps expanding until it reaches about a radius
          of 10 feet. The light immediately disappears leaving Tenchi, Ryoko,
          Aeka, Washu, Sasami, and Ryo-oki standing in the middle of this
          open space. Everybody here begins to look around. Everybody, with the
          exception of Washu, has a look of surprise, on their faces.

Washu:    It worked! (With magical sparkles, she puts her hands up to her face
          saying) I'm such a genious, I tell you.!

          The camera goes to view the group at close proximity.

Tenchi:   Whu-What happened?

Ryoko:    Where are we?

          The view now shows a close-up of Washu checking her wrist device.

Washu:    Not sure. Somewhere in the same forest, I guess.

          The view pulls back to show a side view of Aeka, standing in front
          of Washu.

Aeka:     (Yelling) You mean to tell us, you haven't the slightest idea, where
          that thing put us?

Washu:    Mind you! I only designed it to put stuff someplace else. (Washu
          turns away from Aeka, then with a formal demeanour, she says)  Where
          will be designed later. All that matters is that it works, so there!

          Aeka growls in response. It is shortly followed by a booming voice,
          coming from some place in the forest with them.

Nyoken:   MASAKI!

          The camera shows the entire group again look around, in panic. The
          view then shows some nearby bushes, which look to provide cover.
          The view then snaps to show Tenchi pointing at them.

Tenchi:   Take cover, everybody!

          The camera goes to show the bushes again. The whole group streaks
          over the bushes, to the other side, so fast, you barely see them.
          The camera now goes to the other side, where you see a brief glimpse
          of the group, in front of them, breathing heavily. The view now shows
          a close-up of Tenchi, as his breathing comes under control. The 
          bushes are to his left, and he's shown facing Aeka (Who is behind the
          camera at this time).

Tenchi:   Aeka-san?

          The camera goes to view from Tenchi's eyes.

Aeka:     (Turning to look at Tenchi) Tenchi?

Tenchi:   What's going on here? What do you know of Nyoken? And why is he after
          me?

          The view goes to show Tenchi's face from Aeka's eyes. A second
          afterwards, the view centers on Tenchi's penetrating eyes.

Aeka:     (As if Aeka can't bear to look him in the eyes; she turns away, facing
          the bushes with downcast eyes.) I guess I better tell you now.
          Tenchi simply listens as Aeka tells her story.

Aeka:     Nyoken is one of the ancient members of the Yagami clan.

          The view now goes to show, what looks like ancient
          Japanese-style illustrations, detailing the following story. The
          initial picture scrolls across the screen, where you see large dark
          and menacing ghostly figures, floating above large Jurai trees.
          Confronting these figures, you see a goddess-like figure and
          some supporting spirit-like figures behind her; who all happened
          to have an outstretched hand. The outstretched hand used as a
          symbol of defence, to ward off evil spirits.

Aeka:     The Yagami clan is one of the sworn enemies of the Jurai family.
          Bear in mind, planet Jurai hosted one of the most powerful
          families in the known universe; however, we were not without our
          share of powerful enemies. Countless times, the Ancient members of
          Jurai had to defend against other families; who, in turn, wanted
          nothing other than to take our rightful position. We have quite a
          history of our feuds with the Yagami family and others. Quite a few
          of our Ancients were lost during those struggles.

          The camera switches to view a side view of Aeka, from her right side.
          You can see Tenchi, just on the other side of her, in this view.
          Tenchi appears to still be confused about the whole story. However,
          he listens as Aeka continues to tell her story. Now the camera
          switches to view Aeka from Tenchi's eyes. She is still on her knees,
          looking downward. You can see Sasami, in this view, just on the other
          side of Aeka; who is sitting down, knees bent and holding Ryo-oki
          in her arms. 

Aeka:     However, over time, we fought the invading families down. Out of
          all of those, who fought for the Yagami clan, Nyoken was the last to
          fall.

          The view now shows another scroll depicting a rather large ghostly
          demon, facing a goddess, much like the one depicted in the last
          scroll.

Aeka:     It is said, in our ancient lore, that Tsunami, our Ancient force
          and protector dealt with him personally, in a battle said to have
          lasted days. The same stories said that Nyoken was killed, his power
          drained; however, he didn't leave without the scars inflicted on our
          force and protector. His evil tricks were not avoided completely, as
          it seems. Feeling her spirit draining from her, Tsunami apparently
          hid herself away, preserving herself in some unknown fashion. Where
          is unknown to us; but she swore an oath, that she will one day reveal
          herself to once again, act as our protector.

          The camera goes to view Aeka and Tenchi, from Aeka's right side.

Tenchi:   I-I don't understand.

Aeka:     (Turning to look at Tenchi) What don't you understand, Tenchi?

Tenchi:   What this has to do with me?

          The view switches to view Tenchi, Aeka, and Sasami from behind
          Tenchi's left shoulder.

Aeka:     Our enemies knew that, in order to defeat the Jurai family, they
          must first defeat our protectors. I'm sorry to say, but right now,
          you're it. I tried to tell you earlier, but... (she turns her head
          away from Tenchi)

          The view goes to show a close-up of Tenchi.

Tenchi:   You're joking right? If what you said is true, we would be killed
          for sure. (He nervously chuckles, not wanting to believe what he
          just heard.)

          The view switches back to Tenchi's line of sight. Aeka, still facing
          away.

Aeka:     (Turning her head back, to look at Tenchi, looking dead serious) You
          have the sword, your grandfather gave you?

Tenchi:   (Closeup of Tenchi. With a disgruntled expression) In the shrine.

          The view now shows a close-up of Aeka, her eyes looking towards the
          bushes, they are hiding behind.

Aeka:     (With a disappointed look) Oh.

          You hear a muffled sniffling come from Sasami. Aeka turns to see
          Sasami rocking, while cradling Ryo-oki in her arms.

Aeka:     Sasami!

Sasami:   (Without turning to address Aeka) Make him go away.

Aeka:     (Now looking more concerned she softly says) Sasami. What's wrong?

Sasami:   (Turning to face Aeka, with tears in her eyes) I don't know. Please..
          {then, as she turns back to face the bushes again.} Just kill him. 

Aeka:     This is not like you, Sasami. You don't know why you hate him so?

          Sasami shakes her head in response. Both Aeka and Tenchi look at her
          with concern.

          The view then goes to show Tenchi turn to face the bushes. He peeps
          over top of them to check if the coast is clear.

          Suddenly, Ryoko grabs him from behind, her arms around his neck.

Ryoko:    Tennchi!

Tenchi:   Ahh! (He screams)

Ryoko:    I'm so glad you're safe!

Tenchi:   (With a bothered expression on his face) I wish you wouldn't surprise
          me, like that.

          All of a sudden, the open space, on the other side of the bushes,
          begins to get a little brighter. The group immediately looks to see
          what's going on. The camera pulls back to show the open space, from a
          small distance behind the bushes. From the left side, Nyoken emerges
          from the forest into the open space. The view now goes to a close-up
          of Nyoken.

Nyoken:   You're very close, Masaki. I can feel your presence.

          The view shows the group, on this side of the bushes, drop down, out
          of sight. Their backs to the bushes behind them. The view switches to
          view the open area, from the opposite side of Nyoken. Nyoken moves
          a little closer, when suddenly a white flash of light appears before
          him. Nyoken stops moving as the light expands to a radius of 20 feet.
          The ball of light disappears afterwards, leaving Tenchi (Who is seen
          wearing casual clothing. A white top, jeans, and sneakers), Aeka,
          Ryoko, and Washu standing in its place. Tenchi appears to be a
          little taller and older.

          Tenchi, in the front of the group, holds the Tenchi-ken sword, in
          front of him. The sword extends to full length, at this time.

    --->  {Please note: From here on all dialogues, from the group members
          that just appeared will have an 'F-' prepended to their name, for
          clarity.}

F-Tenchi: (Looking quite serious and confident) That's enough, Nyoken!

          The camera shows a side view, of the group behind the bushes. They
          get up to peep over the bush tops. Upon doing so, they all gasp in
          surprise.

          The view goes to a closer view of the backs of the new group, with
          Nyoken in view, in front of them. Nyoken, as usual, seems pleasantly
          amused.

Nyoken:   Hmm. I sense some greater power here. The future perhaps? May I ask
          how you got here?

          The view now shows a close-up of F-Tenchi, a smirk on his face.

F-Tenchi: With a little luck, and some help from Washu-chan.

          The view goes to show Washu, behind the bushes. Her eyes open wide in
          reaction to hearing what she just heard.

Washu:    Hmmmm?

          Again, the view goes to showing Nyoken, from around the backs of the
          future group.

Nyoken:   You've discovered the secret of time travel. Quite impressive.

          The view goes to show Washu, on this side of the bush. Nyoken can
          be seen some distance on the other side, from over top of the bush.

Nyoken:   I like your style. My way was much less convenient.

Washu:    (With giddy excitement) I discover that? (She begins to laugh, then
          with magical sparkles she says) I'm such a genious, I even surpass
          myself, sometimes. (The iris in her eyes grow big as she says) And to
          be *this* cute, as well? It's astonishing.

          A small Washu puppet pops up on Washu's right shoulder, saying.

Puppet:   Washu-chan has a one up on all the other geniouses out there!

          Another identical puppet pops up on Washu's left shoulder, saying.

Puppet2:  Washu-chan is unstoppable!

(Both Puppets): Hooray for Washu-chan!

          The view goes to show Tenchi, from the back, turning to face Washu,
          sitting right next to him.

Tenchi:   (with a loud whisper) Will you shut up?! You wanna gets us killed?!

          A close-up as Washu turns back to view the confrontation, looking a
          bit apologetic, her eyes pointed in Tenchi's direction.

          At this time, the view goes to the Washu, from the future group,
          a smirk etched across her face.

F-Washu:  That's not all I've discovered.

          F-Washu activates a device on her arm as she chuckles to herself.
          The view then goes to show Nyoken. He looks around himself as a
          blue spiralling cylinder of light surrounds him. The ignited
          particles, of his body begin to swirl and distort, expanding and
          shrinking. Nyoken starts to look like a spiralling funnel after a
          few more seconds. Resisting the device, Nyoken begins to reform
          from the head down. In seconds, he's almost completely reformed.
          Nyoken begins to chuckle.

Nyoken:   Impressive. Molecular level acceleration. Nice one. But, you
          obviously have no idea, how I work, do you?

F-Tenchi: Washu-chan!

          The view goes to show F-Washu gasp in surprise. The view shifts
          back to view Nyoken, from around F-Washu's back. A spiralling cone
          of particles comes off the bottom of Nyoken's form, and shoots along
          the path between him and F-Washu's device. As the particles come in
          contact with F-Washu, she is thrown back several feet, landing on
          her back with a thump. You now see Washu cringe behind the bushes.

Washu:    That must have hurt.

          The view switches back to show F-Washu let out a soft groan, as she
          starts to get up. 

          The view goes to show an angry F-Tenchi turn back, to face Nyoken.

Nyoken:   And now for Tenchi.

          A ball of ignited particles forms in Nyoken's hand. With a smirk,
          Nyoken hurls the ball in Tenchi's direction. The ball flies, ripping
          up dirt, in its path. The view switches to behind F-Tenchi's back, to
          see the ball come in contact with the sword. F-Tenchi grunts, trying
          to resist, as the ball begins to push him back. F-Tenchi resists for
          a few more seconds before the force is too great for him. Seconds
          later, F-Tenchi is sent flying backwards.

          The view centers on F-Aeka.

F-Aeka:   Tenchi!

          Immediately the view switches to F-Ryoko.

F-Ryoko:  Tenchi! {F-Ryoko flies up, disappearing in the process}

          The view goes back to F-Tenchi, as F-Ryoko appears behind him,
          catching him in midair.

F-Tenchi: (With a weak smile) Thanks, Ryoko-san.

          F-Tenchi removes a glowing gem from the hilt of his sword, placing it
          in F-Ryoko's hand. She simply looks at the rock, with a surprised
          look on her face.

F-Ryoko:  Hmmm? Tenchi. You don't mean?

F-Tenchi: Use it, please.

          The view switches to show F-Ryoko and F-Tenchi land, before it
          switches to a close-up of Nyoken.

Nyoken:   (Now laughing out loud) Good one, Masaki, but as you can see, even
          with the full power of that sword, you don't possess the power to
          stop me. No one knows where my new power comes from.

F-Ryoko:  You were saying?

          The view switches to show F-Ryoko, her hands ignited with energy. An
          orange aura of power begins to envelope her entire body. A second or
          two later, a rift opens behind her. A large ghostly demon-creature
          emerges from the rift.

          The view goes to show a side view of the group, behind the bushes,
          a shocked look on their faces.

F-Ryoko:  Sick 'im, my pet!

          Next, you see F-Ryoko, still glowing in energy as the Demon steps
          over her. F-Ryoko wears a menacing smile on her face. The rift
          closes before the view switches to Nyoken.

Nyoken:   (With enthusiasm) Now *this* looks like a suitable challenge.
          The view pulls back to show the back of the demon-creature, as it
          approaches Nyoken. With a chuckle, Nyoken engages the beast in mortal
          struggle. His chuckling stops when he notices his body begin to twist
          and contort, his particles combining with those of the beast.

Nyoken:   It can't be....

          The next thing you see is F-Washu, a hand on her device, and a smile
          on her face. The view goes to a close-up of F-Aeka.

F-Tenchi: Aeka-san!

F-Aeka:   (Turning her head to face F-Tenchi, her face shrouded with worry)
          Tenchi.

          The view goes to show a close-up of F-Tenchi, a smile on his face.

F-Tenchi: My sword's hungry now. I'll be fine.

          Without entirely understanding F-Tenchi's words, F-Aeka is shown
          turning to face Nyoken.

F-Aeka:   (As she charges up she says) So it seems, we'll find our peace in
          death, together.

          The view goes back to Nyoken, who seems to be recovering from the
          assault. Next, both Nyoken and the Demon, are surrounded by a series
          of poles. You now see F-Tenchi, from the front, running straight in
          for Nyoken, with sword in hand. The view switches back to show the
          poles spark. The spark is followed by a great flash of light. You see
          F-Tenchi drive his sword into the etherial body of Nyoken as the
          explosion appears to overtake the three in close proximity. The
          radius expands and then shrinks again, until it disappears into
          the sword's glowing blade. You now see F-Tenchi, with his eyes
          closed, his sword extended in front of him. F-Tenchi opens his
          eyes to see no trace of Nyoken, or the Demon he struggled with.
          He looks down, at the hilt of his sword. Another gem glimmers in
          place of the one he removed earlier.

F-Tenchi: (Dropping to his knees, he breaths a heavy sigh and says) I thought
          as much.

          Suddenly, F-Ryoko hugs him from behind.

F-Ryoko:  Tennchi!

          F-Tenchi puts on a warm smile, his eyes looking back at F-Ryoko. He
          puts his left hand on F-Ryoko's arm, in front of him. The view
          switches to F-Aeka. Smiling, with tears in her eyes, she doesn't say
          a word. You see F-Tenchi look up towards F-Aeka, at this time.

F-Tenchi: Aeka-san. (a pause) Let's go. Sasami awaits us back home.

          The view goes to F-Aeka. She gives a nod, blinking her eyes. A silent
          tear flies off in the wind. 

          As the view goes back to F-Tenchi and F-Ryoko, you see F-Washu's feet
          step into view.

F-Tenchi: (Looking up at F-Washu) We're ready.

          The view goes to a close-up of F-Washu, a smirk on her face. With a
          nod, she activates the device on her wrist.

F-Washu:  Mm hmm.

          The light envelops the screen in a bright flash. The view switches
          to show an empty field where the battle had taken place.

          The view goes to a side view of the group behind the bushes.
          Speechless, they simply look at each other for a brief second or
          two.

                      *-----------------------------------*
                  <Commercial break. Hey! It can't be avoided!>
                      *-----------------------------------*

          It is daytime.... {I bet you can guess what the typical Tenchi
                             background music would sound like here.}

          The view now shows an aerial view, looking down onto the front side
          of the shrine. You can see Tenchi replacing the broken stone ground
          tiles with new ones. Nobuyuki, Ryoko (with Ryo-oki on her shoulder),
          Aeka, and Washu are standing around Tenchi, watching his work in
          progress. Next you see the camera looking at Tenchi, knelt down and
          picking up a heavy stone slab. Tenchi groans with fatigue. As Tenchi
          turns to drop it in place, Nobuyuki speaks.

Nobuyuki: Great job, Tenchi! (He laughs) The shrine's looking much better,
          already. Keep up the good work, son.

Tenchi:   (Dropping the stone in place, he looks up at Nobuyuki) You know, you
          could give me a little help, here!

Nobuyuki: Well. You see, Tenchi. Perhaps years ago, I could have. However, at
          my age, this kind of work is bad. {As Nobuyuki laughs again, Tenchi
          wears the look of disgruntled disbelief} But you, however. You could
          use this kind of work. You're growing up to be a strong young man. I
          couldn't be more proud as a father.

          Tenchi groans in disgust. The view changes to show the entrance to
          the shrine grounds. Sasami comes running in.

Sasami:   (Waving her arm) Hey everybody!

          Now seen from Sasami's viewpoint, the whole group turns to look at
          her. A second later, the view switches to a close-up of Sasami.

Sasami:   (Calling out) Lunch is ready!

                     *-----------------------------------*

          The view shows the outside of the Masaki house for a brief second or
          two. Then the view changes to show everybody at the table, eating.
          Everybody seems to be enjoying the food, immensely. The view switches
          to view Ryoko and Aeka struggling over possession of a potato.

Tenchi:   (Yelling across the table) Will you stop it, you two?!

          Ryo-oki, is then shown, eating a carrot. She stops for a brief
          moment, a smile on her face.

Ryo-oki:  Meow Meow!

          Ryo-oki then continues eating. At this time, Nobuyuki speaks up.

Nobuyuki: Everything's so delicious, Sasami. You've really outdone yourself,
          this time. You'd think it was some sort of special occasion.
          (He begins to laugh, in his own way.)

          The view now shows a close up of Sasami. Tilting her head to the
          side, she begins to blush. Afterwards, she wears a happy smile.

Sasami:   (With a nod) Hai!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                T     H     E                  E     N     D


