Not Without You

                                      An original work of Tenchi Muyo! 
Fanfiction by OzZMaN.

 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------

To love is to risk not being loved in return.
To hope is to risk pain. 
To try is to risk failure, 
But risk must be taken,
Because the greatest hazard in life
Is to risk nothing.

      --Leo Buscaglia

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------

 

      Washu sat typing at her holographic computer, letting the time 
pass.  She seemed so detached from all that was happening when she
was alone in her laboratory, completely absorbed in her own world, 
literally.  On the outside, she was very petite physically, while 
behaving in a
very childlike, immature manner, with her annoying, devilish cackle as 
her trademark.  However, on the inside lay a mysterious past, one that
even she dared not look upon.  No one truly knew any real details of 
Washu's past, or of the emotional pain they caused her.  This was, in 
theory,
the main reason why she kept herself locked up in a disguise, both 
physically and mentally.  Only she knew of her own emotions, ones that 
she
would never have the courage to share with anyone else.  

Washu stopped her typing for moment to stretch.  Looking up at the 
screen she took a minute to relax a bit.  Lately her mind had been
wandering from her work, instead straying to thoughts of her daughter, 
Ryoko.

"Daughter?  Yeah, right.  That's all such a joke in Ryoko's mind.  She 
doesn't realize how much I care about her, and how badly I want to have 
a
relationship with her.  She treats me like a total inferior, like the 
child I am.  I just wish she could open up to me, someday, and that 
maybe I can
find a way to better open up to her by ditching this stupid disguise.  
I don't think I'll never be strong enough, though," Washu thought 
aloud. 

Her thoughts strayed from Ryoko to Tenchi for a moment, as an image of 
his face flashed inside her mind.  She had always seen him as very
unique, not just because he could generate the Wings of the Light Hawk 
at his own disposal, but because he had a kind heart, which she
decided was impossible for an average male to possess after what had 
happened with her first and only husband.  At first she had thought of
him as a potential experiment, as a lab rat she could use to obtain 
knowledge.  But she soon grew closer to Tenchi, getting to know him, 
and
realizing that he was a lot more than an average male Washu would've 
expected.  She saw in his eyes a tender fire, one that showed loyalty 
and
affection for the girls of the house, one that would never forsake any 
one of them.  Washu was drawn to him immediately upon seeing this, but
her conscience reminded her of what had happened before, and the 
promise she had made to herself to never again become intimately
involved with a man.  On top of all that, he was very attractive, and 
Washu hadn't felt the touch of a man in several millennia--

What are you thinking, you naughty little girl?  You are crazy; you 
can't feel this way.  Get your mind right!  Her principles were 
screaming at
her from within, letting her know that it simply would not be a good 
idea to walk down that dark path again.

"I can't believe I'm even having thoughts of feeling something like 
that for Tenchi.  I've been able to avoid attraction to any male for 
almost 20,000
years now, and I'm not about to stop now!"  Washu said aloud.

"You're the greatest Washu!"

"Washu is number one in the universe!"

Washu smiled briefly at her Washu-bots' encouragement.  She then sat 
back down and started typing once again, forgetting all of her mixed
emotions for the time being.

--------------------------------------

"It really is a scorcher out here today," Tenchi complained to himself.  
"I don't know why I always have to be the one tilling the fields and 
why we
can't take turns on this job as well."

Tenchi laid his hoe on the ground and sat down in the cool grass under 
the shade of a nearby tree.

"Whew!  Much better."

He took a sip of water from the canteen and took a moment to gather his 
thoughts.  What Washu had said to him earlier that day was still
weighing on his mind.  

"You don't get it, do you Tenchi?  The heart of a girl is a very 
delicate thing, because when they have their world set upon something 
that
their heart desires and it continually eludes them, they have nothing 
left to turn to, and their heart will be torn into.  You have to 
understand
that every girl here loves you in their own way, each finding different 
positive qualities about you, Tenchi.  Most guys would kill to have 
what
you have going on here, but you seem to act as if everything is normal.  
You're hurting the girls here, Tenchi, especially Ryoko and Ayeka,
because you are indecisive.  It's more of the anticipation that is 
killing them rather than the thought of not being picked.  I know you 
have your
own feelings for each of us as well, Tenchi, and I think you are quite 
mature enough to return the love that is so generously given to you
here.  I'm not trying to force you into anything, all I'm saying is 
that you should try to respect what you have a bit more, and at least 
give
Ayeka and Ryoko the dignity they deserve, even if they do annoy you 
from time to time."

"But Washu, I've already said time and again that I just know what my 
heart is trying to say, and I'm not sure that I feel anything more than
friendship towards any of them, so how am I to choose when that is the 
case?"

"I'm not saying you should choose now, Tenchi, I'm saying that when the 
time comes, you'll hear it within every beat of your heart, and you'll
feel it in the depths of your soul; a calling, that this is the one you 
truly want to be with.  I think your mind knows who you it is you love, 
Tenchi,
you just have to find the answer within your heart."

Tenchi had been stunned by her incredibly deep words.  He didn't know 
that Washu was capable of speaking her feelings so effortlessly, even 
if
she was the greatest scientific genius in the universe.  He was 
speechless after her little soliloquy, his mouth trying to form the 
words that his
mind could not.  With that, Washu simply walked past him, back into the 
isolation of her laboratory.  Indeed, Tenchi had thought about what she
told him, so far for the entire day.  So he decided to lay it all down 
on the table, right then and there, within his own thoughts. 

"If I am mature enough to truly love someone, then the answer is 
already here in front of me.  I just have to find it, like Washu said.  
First of all,
there is Ryoko.  A space pirate, a really cute one at that, but very 
forceful and ill tempered.  She's never afraid to speak her emotions, 
nor is she
afraid to do anything else from what I can see.  Although she seems 
very hasty and volatile on the outside, I believe she has a very caring 
and
kind heart.

Then there is Ayeka.  The always elegant, perfectly mannered first 
princess of Jurai.  Although she is very snobbish at times, her 
intentions are
good and she wishes only the best for me, although at times her 
speaking for me does get annoying.  Her constant fighting with Ryoko is 
what
troubles me, because I honestly don't know what she would do if I chose 
Ryoko over her, or the other way around.  There would definitely be
dead bodies, which is something I really don't want to have to deal 
with.

Sasami.  Ayeka's younger sister, also a princess of Jurai.  She is 
always kind, sweet, and good mannered, and will be very beautiful later 
on;
everything a guy could want in a girl.  But the main problem is her 
age, mainly that she won't even reach my age in Juraian years until 
long after I
am dead.  I think of her more as my little sister than anything else.  

Mishoshi.  Just her name alone could make you laugh, instantly bringing 
to mind her extreme case of bubble-headedness.  Although very sweet
and caring in her personality, her level of intelligence falls just 
under that of your average domestic dog.  I'm afraid Ryoko and Ayeka 
together
would kill both Mihoshi and myself if I ever chose her over the rest.

Finally there's Washu.  Very frail and petite, yet mysterious in many 
ways.  I'm probably the only one here who can see right through her 
freakish
little child-disguise, but why I'm not exactly sure.  I know the 
disguise is to mask her true emotions, and her secret past, but what 
that consists of, I
am in the dark about.  I believe that she is capable of deep emotional 
thinking, as well as loving and caring, judging on what I heard from 
her this
morning.  As for that child body she stays in, well, it is a serious 
turn-off.  But the one time I did see her adult form gave me, err, 
well, let's say a
significant nosebleed.  She is full of life for her age, which she did 
reveal to be over 20,000 years, and the most moving aspect of it all is 
how we
are so alike.  We both lost someone we loved much too soon, and I think 
that counts for something.  We have a subconscious connection I
believe, that really no one else notices.  I know she has felt it, 
because she doesn't appear to act the same around me as she does around 
the
others.  She gives me the impression that she is acting more mature, as 
if the disguise she is wearing is no longer on, or that she simply 
doesn't
wish to mask anything from me at all.  But her strange ways only seem 
to mystify me further, and I don't know exactly what to make of my 
feelings
for her.  Yes I do care about her a great deal, just as she does for me 
I'm sure.  But do I love her in a way that differs from the other 
girls?"

"Tenchi!"

Tenchi was so lost in his musings that he didn't hear Sasami calling 
his name several times.

"TENCHI!! IT'S LUNCH TIME, WHERE ARE YOU?!"

The sound of his name piercing through the air brought his mind out of 
its trance and back to reality.  He finally realized he had been 
sitting under
that tree for quite some time now.  He looked up and saw Sasami waving 
at him, shouting his name.  Tenchi slowly stood up and stretched his
legs as he headed for the house.  His stomach grumbled loudly at the 
thought of food.  

"Lord Tenchi," Ayeka announced upon seeing Tenchi enter the front door.  
Everyone was already sitting the table, looking hungry and annoyed at
Tenchi's tardiness.

"Sorry I'm late everybody, I kind of got caught up."  Tenchi briefly 
glanced in Washu's direction, and to his surprise found a startled 
Washu who
quickly diverted her eyes from him.  She was looking at me first?  
thought Tenchi.  

"Here Tenchi, I saved a spot for you right here next to me," Ryoko 
remarked, the obvious seduction present in her voice.  Tenchi simply 
gave her
his typical prudish smile along with an innocent giggle.  "Sure Ryoko, 
thanks," he replied, his cheeks a bit rosy.  Already annoyed at Ryoko
having gained the upper hand with Tenchi at the dinner table, Ayeka 
shot Ryoko an evil glare.  Ryoko simply ignored the princess for the 
time
being and proceeded to be her usual blunt self.  

"Wow, this is really great Sasami," said Mihoshi, her mouth stuffed 
full of food.

"Thanks, I'm glad you like it."

Washu sat eating her meal in silence as usual, but there was something 
Tenchi noticed about her that seemed disturbing.  She just seemed a
bit uneasy, which was far from her usual cheerful, devious nature.  
Meanwhile, Tenchi was having a hard time focusing on his thoughts with
Ryoko trying to grope him.  

"Come on, Tenchi, try some of this, it's really good."

"Ryoko, cut it out, will you?"

Ryoko leaned over to Tenchi, so close that her soft lips brushed 
against his ear.

"Or, I have something much tastier in my room if you want to try that 
instead," whispered Ryoko alluringly.  

Ayeka had seen about all her stomach could stand.  With a look of 
murder upon her face, she stood up sharply and began shouting loud 
enough
to interrupt everyone else's meal.  

"RYOKO! Every single day I have to sit here and watch you fondle Tenchi 
like he is your toy or your plaything!  He is a human being, unlike 
you,
because you are lower than dirt, you pathetic horrendous mutation of a 
life form.  You are a monster, Ryoko, a true curse to all humanity, and
your entire existence is nothing but a plague to the universe!  If I 
were you, I would have done everyone a huge favor and KILLED MYSELF
LONG AGO!!  You will never win Tenchi's heart, because in order to do 
that you must have a heart as well, which you DON'T!  You are nothing
but a demon, Ryoko, and you will never experience love from any sane 
person in this entire universe for all eternity!  Now leave Tenchi 
alone!!"

Everyone was visibly startled and confused at Ayeka's sudden outburst, 
especially Tenchi.  No one had ever seen Ayeka get so angry before;
usually she would make a simple degrading remark or gesture which Ryoko 
would throw right back at her.  Everyone was too busy staring at
Ayeka in shock to notice Ryoko's reaction, which was the most visibly 
affected.  Tenchi only caught a brief glimpse of Ryoko's face before 
she
darted away from the table, but the sight he did see tore his heart 
into.  The tears had already clouded her eyes and were now streaming 
down
her face, but it was too late for words, for in an instant she had 
vanished.  Tenchi looked back at Ayeka, now wearing a mask of anger 
towards a
very surprised Ayeka.  It wasn't until Washu stood up that Tenchi 
noticed the anger present on her face.  Until that moment, Tenchi 
wasn't sure
that he'd ever even seen Washu frown the way she was now.  She shot 
Ayeka a horrible glance, her face full of wrath before hauling out the 
door
after her daughter.  Tenchi finally stood up at this point and frowned 
at Ayeka.

"That was horrible, Ayeka, absolutely the cruelest thing I think I've 
ever heard you say.  How could you do that to Ryoko?  Her heart is kind 
and
loving, even though she may seem a bit hasty on the outside.  I think 
you owe her an apology."

Tenchi turned away from Ayeka, who now had tears brimming in her own 
eyes.  She couldn't believe he'd just taken up for that devil woman.  
He
left the table and started upstairs towards his room.

"L-Lord Tenchi??"  Ayeka cried, but he ignored her.  

Dammit Ayeka, why did you have to do that? thought Tenchi.  I hope 
Washu can comfort her.  I'm sorry, Ryoko..

--------------------------------------

Washu searched frantically for her daughter.  Being linked with Ryoko 
enabled her to feel Ryoko's emotions as well as hear her thoughts, and 
in
taking one look at Ryoko's feelings at this moment was enough to 
greatly upset her.  She couldn't believe the words that Ayeka had 
shouted to
Ryoko.  She was still in horror.

"Damn that snotty little bitch, how DARE she speak to Ryoko that way, 
especially in front of me?!"  Washu yelled aloud.  She suddenly stopped
in her tracks and closed her eyes.  Focusing on Ryoko, she could for a 
brief second see the world through Ryoko's eyes, and immediately she
knew where she was.  Now in her adult form, she ran towards the 
direction of her daughter.  She found Ryoko sitting beneath Funaho, 
sobbing
uncontrollably.  It tore Washu up inside to see her this way, and what 
hurt her worse is that she had never been there all the times that 
Ryoko had
cried before, times when she had needed someone to hold her and comfort 
her.  Now she was here to protect her, whether Ryoko wanted her to
or not.  She wanted to make up for all those times she had failed as a 
mother.

She slowly approached Ryoko from behind and quietly kneeled down beside 
her.  Ryoko didn't notice her at first, but she soon felt her presence
when Washu called out to her within her mind.  Ryoko slowly lifted her 
head from her knees and gazed at Washu.  Her face was flushed and
stained with tears, and her eyes bloodshot.  Seeing Washu with an 
expression of worry and concern on her now adult face, Ryoko stopped
crying long enough to say almost inaudibly, "Mom?"

Washu began to wipe Ryoko's tears from her eyes and brush her matted 
hair off of her forehead.

"I'm here Ryoko, and from now on I'll never leave you again.  I'll 
always be at your side, to take care of you and to comfort you at times 
like these. 
I'm so sorry, Ryoko, for never having been there in the past.  Words 
can't even express the guilt I am blinded by now.  I love you, my 
baby."

Ryoko's face seemed to light up with joy at Washu's affectionate words.  
Her eyes began clouding over, and her lips were quivering.  She fell
into Washu's arms, the tears now flowing freely once again.  But the 
tears of sorrow and hurt were now washed away with tears of joy.  Ryoko
now realized someone actually cared about her, that someone truly saw 
her for the human being she was.  Tenchi certainly hadn't taken up for
her at all.

Washu rocked her daughter in her arms for what seemed like hours, 
quietly listening to Ryoko's sobs and whispering soothing words to her. 
Emotionally and physically exhausted, Ryoko soon fell asleep in her 
arms.  Washu carried her back to her room, and gently laid her upon her
bed.  For a moment all she could do was stare down at Ryoko's sleeping 
eyes, taking in the beauty of her face and of her heart.  She was
standing protectively over Ryoko's delicate frame when she heard the 
creak of the door.  Upon turning around she found a rather surprised
Tenchi staring at her mature adult body.  Washu looked at the floor, 
her cheeks turning a rosy red.  Tenchi slowly sneaked into the room, 
every
step taken in silence.  He looked Washu in the face and saw hurt and 
love at the same time.  He knew what Ayeka had said upset Washu just as
much as it did Ryoko; it had upset everybody.  But for some reason, he 
couldn't think about that right now.  All he could think about was 
Washu,
and how he just had to talk to her.

Is she using some kind of mind control invention on me or what?  I 
can't stop thinking about her.

Tenchi broke the silence first, staring down at his feet for a moment.  

"W-Washu, uh, will you go for a walk with me?" he asked innocently.

Washu was a bit surprised at his request, but she complied nonetheless.  
Her senses seemed to have perked up when she heard him speak,
and she left the room with him smiling slightly.  

There was an obvious uncanny silence along the walk, both their minds 
running in circles.  Tenchi's heart was pounding, as if he'd seen a 
ghost,
and Washu was feeling a little insecure.  Tenchi was unaccustomed to 
seeing Washu in her adult form for such a long period of time, and
honestly she was strikingly beautiful.  She was much taller, taller 
than Tenchi even, and her features were more accentuated.  Her ample 
adult
breasts stood out rather evenly, and Tenchi found it difficult to not 
glance at them from time to time.  Her soft green eyes glowed in the 
sunlight,
and her lips were small and fully formed.  

What is this I am feeling?  I feel so overwhelmingly attracted to her, 
it's like I want to be with her, like I want to understand her 
emotions.  Is
this..love..that I'm feeling perhaps?  What should I say to her?  What 
would the other girls do if they found out?  Tenchi's confusion was
apparent on his face, and it didn't go unnoticed.

"Tenchi, what's troubling you?  I can see your uncertainty," Washu 
stated.

Oh God, please help me, I can't hold my feelings back any longer.  I 
have to say something to her before I go crazy.Tenchi mused
subconsciously.

"Washu, have you ever considered the possibility that you might fall in 
love again, even after what happened the first time?"

Washu pondered the question briefly after first wondering where Tenchi 
pulled that one from.

"Yes I have, Tenchi, but I swore to myself that I would always hide 
behind a disguise that you and everyone else sees day after day, and 
that
would make it much easier for me to simply not care enough to feel 
attracted to anyone.  After a few thousand years I really got used to 
it, and it
was no problem for me."

"But didn't you ever get lonely, or feel any need to be loved by 
someone?"

"Well, every once and a while, when I was alone at night, I would think 
about my husband.  He used to hide the remote control to the TV under
one of the pillows of the bed, and when I'd try to find it, he'd tackle 
me to the bed and tickle the hell out of me," Washu replied, smiling 
sadly.  

Tenchi smiled back, but Washu simply looked down and turned the other 
way.  Tenchi heard her sniffling softly, which upset him.  He didn't 
mean
to make her cry.  He laid his hand on her shoulder and whispered in her 
ear.

"Just remember, Washu, that there are others out there.  You are loved 
by many, even if you don't realize it.  You have a rare gift, Washu, a 
gift of
genius, and a gift of beauty.  I don't think you should waste these 
gifts by not having anyone to share them with, that's all."

Washu slowly turned to face Tenchi, the doubt evident in her eyes.  Her 
aquamarine eyes sparkled from the fresh tears now brimming in them. 
She was touched by his words, yet confused at the same time.  She felt 
more drawn to him now than she ever had before, and she knew she
was soon to be crossing the point of no return, the point at which love 
and friendship collide, the point where once crossed, her heart would
belong solely to Tenchi, and only he could make or break her future as 
an emotional being.  She inwardly scolded herself for being so weak, 
and
it was frustrating to have these feelings arising within her after 
having not felt them in over twenty millennia.  

"What are you saying Tenchi?" she asked quietly.

"I'm saying..that.."  Tenchi stammered.

Just tell her.

Tell her what?

Tell her you love her.

But do I?  What about the others?

Do you feel the same for her as you do them?

No, I feel.strongly for Washu.like nothing I've ever felt..

Now is when you must cast your outer shell away, that shy routine you 
always play when you are around the girls.  You have to grow up
sometime.

The battle in Tenchi's mind seemed to rage on, until he could stand it 
no more.

Washu's innocent, and in some ways hopeful expression searched his for 
clues.  Her heart pounded in anticipation, and the echoes of love's
past were still fresh on her mind.

"I'm saying.Washu..that..I.I.."

"What is it Tenchi?"

"I.I love you, Washu."

Oh please God no, this can't be happening to me.

Washu couldn't do anything but turn from Tenchi and run the other 
direction.  No longer able to control her emotions, she began sobbing
uncontrollably, angry at having allowed herself to be pushed over the 
edge. 

"Hey, wait!  Washu, I'm sorry!"  Tenchi shouted, chasing after her.

She didn't get very far before her emotional breakdown caused her to 
trip over her own feet and collapse to the ground.  She sat there on 
the
soft grass on her knees, her heart overflowing with both sadness and 
joy.  What was she doing?  This may be the only other man in her life 
that
she will ever feel this way about, so why should she turn her back on 
it?

What is you are afraid of, Washu?  Why can't you just admit it to both 
yourself and to him that you are in love with him as well?

Tenchi caught up to her and kneeled down beside her.  He cautiously put 
his arm around her and pulled her close to him.

"I'm sorry if I offended you in any way, Washu, I shouldn't have just 
laid that on you like that."

"It's not that, Tenchi, it's just that I've held my emotions back for 
so long now that I didn't ever have any fear of them being opened up 
once more. 
Now that you've succeeded in doing that, I'm just afraid of being hurt 
again."

Tenchi lifted her chin with his finger and looked into her delicate 
eyes.  What he saw was a side of Washu he had never seen before: 
afraid, lost,
and vulnerable.  She looked so innocent and helpless at that moment 
that Tenchi felt he had to do something to reassure her.  He did the 
last
thing she would've wanted him to.

He leaned down and kissed her tenderly.

The initial touch of his lips to hers was enough to send chills and 
shockwaves throughout her body, since it had been so long since she had
experienced this sensation.  She was soon lost in the moment, savoring 
every sensation of his touch that she possibly could.  She'd
subconsciously dreamed about this moment for so long, yet dreaded it as 
well.  She knew that Tenchi would never hurt her, but the scar of the
past still ran deep through her heart, and was enough to keep her 
feelings locked away within the depths of her soul.  

Tenchi broke the kiss and looked down at Washu.  Her expression was 
unreadable this time, which surprised and concerned Tenchi a little. 
Washu slowly sat up and was silent for a moment.  After a while of 
staring at the ground she looked over at Tenchi's puzzled visage.  

"Tenchi, I cannot allow myself to do this.  I can't fall in love with 
you."

Tenchi was both shocked and hurt incredibly by her words.  

"Wh-what do you mean, Washu?  Have I done something wrong?" he asked 
sincerely.

"No Tenchi, you haven't done anything wrong, in fact, you've done 
everything right.  This is about me, and my past, and some things that 
I simply
must leave alone.  Love is one of them, Tenchi.  I can't even begin to 
describe the pain I was caused when my husband and my child were taken
away from me.  My heart was literally torn into.  I swore to myself 
then that I would never again fall in love, and so far that has gone 
exactly as I
planned.  But then I met you, Tenchi.  You were so different from every 
guy I've ever known, because you were truthful and honest, and your 
heart
was warm.  I tried to bury the feelings I felt growing inside of me, 
but it was no good.  I couldn't deny the fact that I was slowly being 
drawn closer
to you.  I tried to keep my distance, though, if you noticed, by not 
speaking with you directly when I had the chance, and not ever asking 
you to
come into my lab."

"Yeah, I guess I remember now a bit.  But Washu, please try to 
understand, I would never hurt you, and I want to do anything to help 
you with your
past and your problems, because I want to be a part of your life.  
Can't you understand that I've always been able to see through your 
disguise
right down to the core of your emotions?  I knew you were always hiding 
things, deep down, but I couldn't tell what they were.  And even if I 
could
tell, it wouldn't be my place to find out, but for you to tell me 
instead.  Please Washu, all I'm asking for is a chance with you, just 
try to understand
where I'm coming from."

Washu was speechless.  Normally, in fact always, it was the girls 
begging for Tenchi to come to them.  Now Tenchi was begging her.  She 
was
flattered by this, and she soon felt her inner defensive barriers 
slowly starting to break down.  

Dammit Tenchi, why must you put me in this position?

"I know you would never hurt me Tenchi, so I really have no reason to 
be afraid.  I really don't know it is that I am afraid of at this point 
anymore.  I
just wish I could erase everything that has ever happened to me and 
start over."

"We all wish that sometimes, Washu, but it doesn't mean that because 
you've had problems in the past you have to face them alone in the
future.  For some reason I feel so obligated to help you, that I don't 
know if I can go on without you.  Please, Washu, you can confide in me. 
Anything and everything you tell me I will hold fast in my heart, where 
you can be sure no one but you and myself alone will ever be able to 
see
it."  

Washu sat in silence for a brief moment, contemplating his words.

He can't go on without me he said.

A faint smile crossed her face for a second before it faded, and at 
that moment she decided it was time to tear the walls down.  No more 
fear of
rejection, no more fear of hurt.  She had the greatest love right here 
in front of her that she would never find again, and she wasn't going 
to turn
her back on it.  She looked up at Tenchi and grinned happily.  Tenchi 
saw this and returned the smile, hopeful that he had made an impact.

Washu looked at him and simply said gently, "Okay."

She wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her lips to his in a 
passionate kiss.  Her fierceness in doing so almost overpowered him,
given she hadn't felt the touch of a real man in several thousand 
years.  After a few moments the couple pulled back and stared into each 
other's
eyes.  Tenchi affectionately stroked her cheek as her tears were 
replaced with a radiant smile.  

"I will tell you everything, Tenchi, since now I see no reason to hide 
anything else from you, or from anyone else for that matter."

"You don't have to, Washu; it's totally up to you what you wish to tell 
me.  I care about you enough to respect anything you tell me, but 
understand
that I am not forcing you to do anything.  Anything about your past 
that you share with me will never, in a million years, change the way I 
feel about
you.  I swear this on everything that I am."

Washu smiled warmly at him for his reassuring words.

"I know, Tenchi, and I trust you with all of my heart, but I feel it 
necessary to be open with you.  If this is going to work, I must be 
completely honest
with you at all times, just as I would expect the same of you."

Tenchi nodded and adjusted his sitting position to a more comfortable 
one.  Washu started to feel uneasy once again, feeling her fear of
rejection rising to the surface.  She began to feel uncertain towards 
sharing her dark past with him, afraid that he would turn his back on 
her.  

No Washu, he would never do that to you, stop worrying.

She took a moment to catch her breath before she gathered her thoughts 
and started speaking.

"First of all Tenchi, the earliest past that you know of me is my first 
marriage and my child that was taken away, and before that you know
nothing.  There is a great deal more than what you know that happened 
before I was married, Tenchi."

"Okay.  Go ahead," Tenchi replied, and reassured her it was alright to 
continue.

"Tenchi, I don't know how exactly to say this to you, so I'm simply 
going to say it.  I know that I am the oldest being you've ever known, 
being over
20,000 years old that is.  But the truth is that I have existed, in one 
form or another, since the beginning of time.  In the beginning I was 
part of a
triumvirate of three goddesses: Tsunami, Tokimi, and myself.  We were 
the children of the universe, born to rule over all and control light 
and
darkness.  We were given limitless power, and that power was truly an 
enormous responsibility to control.  We were together within the 
parallel
dimension from which we ruled until galactic calendar year -013517.4, 
if I remember correctly.  That translates into about three and a half 
million
years ago, when the first problem arose."

"Wow, I didn't know you were that old--" Tenchi remarked, giggling 
softly.

"Watch it," Washu replied playfully, and then continued on.

"Tsunami was the first one to leave.  She claimed that she had found a 
dying world of good-hearted people she wished to save, and her power
as a goddess was not enough to save them.  The only way she could do 
anything was to renounce her goddess powers and pass them on to the
lifeblood of this world.  She took on the form of a tree that contained 
all of her powers and knowledge, and planted this tree within the soil 
of the
planet.  Soon, many identical trees began to grow all over the planet, 
thus bringing the planet out of its dying state, and restoring the 
people to
youth and health.  I'm sure you know what planet I'm talking about, 
don't you?"

"Jurai," Tenchi replied flatly.

"Yes.  You see it was Tsunami who created the Juraian life trees and 
the life giving water that now flows freely upon the planet, as well as 
the
power of the Light Hawk Wings.  It was also her power that gave its 
inhabitants incredible longevity, so long as they remained on the 
planet. 
Tokimi, naturally, was deeply angered by Tsunami's desertion of the 
Supreme Triumvirate, and she vowed never to let Tsunami return to our
dimension.  She couldn't believe that Tsunami had let feelings for mere 
mortals get in the way of our responsibility as supreme rulers of the
universe.  Tsunami was always the kind hearted one of the three, which 
technically was a bad thing, because our hearts were supposed to be
totally neutral.  When it comes to ruling the entire universe, you 
really can't let your emotions get in the way."

Washu paused to take a breath before continuing.  She noticed the 
fascination twinkling in Tenchi's eyes instead of the disbelief she 
expected. 
She was already beginning to feel better.

"It wasn't too long after Tsunami left that I began to lose my ability 
to keep my emotions in check.  I saw how happy many different races 
were
with their families, their children, their husbands and wives, and I 
began to feel lonely.  I had nothing where I was, all though it may 
have seemed
like everything; I could've completely wiped out an entire race with 
the snap of my fingers.  But I wasn't allowed to feel anything towards 
anybody
in the position that I was in; I couldn't love or hate or feel any 
emotion that a human could, without risk of angering Tokimi.  I was 
nothing but a
machine, programmed to keep everything in balance.  I began to wonder 
what it would be like to have my own family, and my own children.  I
think it was right about twenty-six thousand years ago that I decided I 
no longer wanted the position I had so well sustained for millions of 
years. 
Tokimi was outraged when she found out that I was to betray her as 
well, and a huge battle ensued.  We fought for weeks and months, using 
all
the power and energy we could muster, destroying many whole worlds in 
the process, for which I am very regretful of now.  I realize that many
innocent people died because of my insistence to become like them.  In 
our fight with one another, over 40 entire civilizations of innocent 
beings
were obliterated.  You can't understand how I felt afterwards.  Tokimi 
was emotionless, just as always."

Tenchi didn't say anything.  He continued to stare blankly at Washu, 
searching for some logic in it all, trying to put the pieces together.  
Washu
didn't know what to say to his vacant expression at this point, so she 
continued.

"In the end I managed to finally overpower her and break free of her 
grasp just long enough to escape our dimension and cross over to the
physical universe.  Now being what we were, that is, beings that could 
only exist in a dimension where there was no definition of 'matter,' I 
had to
seal all of my powers and then transubstantiate into full human form 
before crossing over, or else I would have evaporated out of existence 
the
moment I came into contact with the physical universe.  So during the 
process of crossing over, I sealed all of my powers and knowledge into
three gems, which I believe you are rather familiar with."

"No way!  You mean that the gems Ryoko wears which gives her all her 
strength contain the most destructive powers in the universe?"  Tenchi
said, wide-eyed.

"Yes, but she will never be able to even come close to unlocking their 
full powers.  No mortal will be able to, except a super being, such as
Tokimi, but she is very far from here.  The powers that Ryoko gets from 
them represent only about 1/1,000,000,000,000 of the full capability of
the gems.  And like I said, no mortal being could ever unlock even 
close to the full potential encased in the gems.  I created Ryoko 
knowing this,
so I gave them to her to give her incredible strength and power, even 
though that power does have limits when used by her."

"You know most of the rest from there; I spent the last 25,000 years on 
various planets trying to make a life for myself.  I spent a great deal 
of
time at the science academy, which is where I met my husband.  But I've 
put all of that behind me.  In lusting after the good, joyful things I 
saw in
mortal beings, I failed to see all of the pain that comes along with 
it.  It was at that point that I regretted renouncing my position.  I 
didn't want to
have to deal with the kind of emotional pain that humans had to deal 
with.  After my husband and child were taken from me, I decided I 
wouldn't
even be an adult anymore, saying that everything associated with adults 
such as social status, money, and everything else, was utterly stupid
and ridiculous.  So I turned my back on all of it, hiding myself from 
the rest of world within the body of a child."

"But you no longer have to do that, Washu, because you have people here 
who love you for who you are, not for who you were.  I love you right
now, in the present, and nothing is going to change that.  You'll 
always be my little-Washu," Tenchi replied, taking Washu's hand.

Washu smiled tenderly at him, blushing slightly.  She leaned down and 
laid her head against his chest, closing her eyes and enjoying the feel 
of
his beating heart.  

"I love you so much Tenchi, I've.totally fallen for you.  Now my heart 
is yours, and I pray that you'll never break it, because you must 
understand
how fragile it is right now.  This thing called love...is virtually new 
to me, because it has been so long since the last time I felt anything 
like it."

"I will never hurt you Washu, and I will never let anything else hurt 
you either.  I will die to protect you if I must."

Washu's smile deepened as she clutched his chest and squeezed her eyes 
shut tightly.  Tenchi felt her grip on him and became concerned.

"Washu, are you ok?"

"Tenchi, there is something else I must tell you.  I didn't seal all of 
my goddess powers into those gems.  There are a few things which stayed
with me even after I transubstantiated which I could not do anything 
about."

"Well, like what?"

"I am still immortal, Tenchi.  That means I will never grow old and 
die, nor can I be killed or destroyed by any force whatsoever.  I will 
have to
watch you waste away one day, and leave me forever, and that is what I 
am most afraid of, Tenchi.  The fact that I won't age another day but 
you
will is what makes me fear the future."

Tenchi took her hand and placed it upon his heart. 

"Can you feel that Washu?  That is my love for you, beating strong.  It 
will beat exactly this way for the next thousand years.  And when this 
beat
stops, my love for you will continue to beat strong, right here."  

Tenchi took her hand, intertwined in his own, and placed upon her 
chest.  Washu looked down at her own chest, then back up into his face.  
She
was overcome with emotion at this point, and she couldn't hold it in 
any longer.  The tears began pouring from her quivering eyes as she was
moved by his incredibly comforting words.  She didn't want to be 
anywhere but here, right now, in this moment, forever.  Tenchi held her 
tight,
allowing her to pour out all the emotions that she had locked up tight 
for so long, emotions that she needed to release.  After a few moments, 
she
released his shirt and looked up at him.

"But what about the others?" 

"Well, I don't know.  I care for every one of them, and I don't want to 
see them hurt.  But I knew it would eventually come down to a choice, 
and at
least one of them would be hurt, so I'll just have to do the best I can 
in telling them, and pray that my death comes swiftly."

Washu giggled a bit at his reply.  True, she did love her daughter very 
much, and she wanted a relationship with her, but she honestly wasn't 
sure
how Ryoko would react to this.  She was afraid that Ryoko would never 
forgive her for 'stealing' Tenchi, and would never speak to her again. 
Things normally had a way of working out with Ryoko, however.  Then 
again, this was Tenchi.

"What ever happened to Tokimi anyway?" Tenchi asked curiously.

"She still resides in the dimension we were born in.  But after I left 
she decided not to rule over the universe anymore, since she obviously 
didn't
want to do it alone.  I think she just let herself fade from the 
memories of everyone and lives there in solitude now.  I'm positive she 
still
possesses enormous power though, and could wipe out the entire universe 
in a single blow, but she doesn't because she knows her two sisters
are out there somewhere, and deep down I believe she doesn't wish us 
any harm."  

"Well that's good to know," said Tenchi, a hint of uncertainty in his 
voice.

"Come on, let's go back home, I'll bet everyone is getting worried," 
stated Washu.

"On one condition."

"What?"

"No more of that freakish little child disguise.  That thing always 
kind of gave me the creeps.  You look too beautiful the way you are 
now."

Washu smiled.  "Now that I've found you, my Tenchi, I have no need for 
that disguise anymore.  You set my feelings free, and for that I am
eternally grateful."

"Good, then let's go back."

Tenchi stood up and took Washu's hands.  He pulled her up off of the 
ground and she took him in an embrace.  Tenchi felt a familiar feeling
within his nose when she whispered seductively to him.

"So, what are we going to do when we get home, hmmm?  You know I never 
got that last sample out of you.."  Washu whispered, her tongue
barely brushing against his ear lobe. 

"Ughh, maybe later, Washu, haha," replied a rather nervous Tenchi.

Washu giggled at him as their lips came together in a passionate kiss.  
She caressed the back of his neck with her fingernails, and he wrapped
his arms around her waist, pulling her closer to him.  She had truly 
found her own personal heaven.  Never in the 20,000 years she was sworn 
to
celibacy did she ever imagine breaking that promise with herself and 
reopening her past, and falling in love.  Now she had someone to share 
it
all with.  Tenchi.

The couple ended the kiss and walked back towards the house hand in 
hand, the sun setting in the background.  Neither one of them spoke
about their feelings, or their sadness, or their mixed emotions, 
instead relishing in the comfort of each other's company.  They would 
never stray
from each other's side, always together, never one without the other.

 

Not Without You

Hear the sound of the rain,

I am in the cold.

The quiet glow of the stars,

Now the memories begin to unfold.

 

I am drifting in this moment, 

Not without you,

But in the peace of your arms,

Savoring in heaven from whence you were sent.

 

Only with your love can I go on,

But in that absence I am gone,

For to not have you is to not have water,

My soul thirsts for us together.

 

I will not speak my mind,

But you will understand.

What it is you mean to me

Is within my heart held in your hands.

 

So here we are, with our love so true

No more emotions or sad memories.

For new ones are created each day

Together forever, not without you.

 

 

--------------------------------------

So what'd you think?  Just on a little note, I write whatever idea my 
mind gets.  My writings generally don't reflect my opinions on the 
actual story. 
I will say that I am a hardcore Ryoko+Tenchi fan, but since I had this 
idea, I wrote it.  Visit my website at http://www.weatherfantasy.net/ 
and send
any question, comments, flames in to OzZMaN547@aol.com.  Thanks for 
reading!

 

Signed OzZMaN..


