I don't own Tenchi, Nor Will I ever. Wish I did though. Its not against the 
law to Wish.
Previously: Savalon revealed himself as Kagato

Tenchi Muyo
Now and Forever
Episode 04
The Great Divide
By Nexodus

For those with wings, fly to your dreams

"How?" Yosho said in anger and surprise. "How are you still living?" Kagato
smiled as he placed his glasses on his nose.
"It troubles you Yosho." Kagato began. "That I Kagato, the Rune Buster, am 
the
son of Saren Takel." Asuza and Funaho's eyes lit up with fear. Lady Masaki 
didn't know
who Saren Takel was, but the name frightened her. Kagato continued. "Since 
we have all
the time in the Universe, I might as well answer all your questions. I'll 
start with the first.
Why am I alive? I'm sure that the last time you saw me, the Space Pirate 
Ryoko had
ripped my upper being from my lower being. Then she sliced my head of with a 
Light
Hawk Sword. To tell you the truth, I was suppressed not only that Ryoko, my 
former
servant had such power, but that I was so easily defeated." Kagato held up 
his right arm.
"I was surprised that the Key of Jurai didn't have the capability to stop me 
from bleeding,
but I was wrong. I was taken to a morgue to have the key removed from my arm
surgically. I was laying on a slab with my dismembered body waiting to be 
examined
when the key reattached my waist and my head."
Kagato stood up and removed his cloak and shirt, revealing his fleshly skin.
Across his waist was a very large scar. A similar scar appeared on his neck. 
"My body
was reconstructed and I learned the true power of the Key of Jurai. 
Everlasting life and
youth. I burned the facility, destroying as many bodies as I could so to 
make it look like
and accident and that my body was destroyed among the others."
"That doesn't explain how you took over the empire and reconstructed the
Veronian Empire!" Asuza yelled. Kagato couldn't help but laugh.
"Always the joker, eh Asuza." Kagato said. "I think it should be well 
obvious
how I came to power. The Veronians wanted another Saren Takel. They were 
sick of
being under the shadow of the Juraian Empire. The Juraian Empire held 
Veronia in it
shadow for over 5000 years. Something was needed to be done. As for your 
senators, I
promised them long life and freedom. That is all."
"Now for the good part." Kagato began. "During the war, 5000 years ago, 
Yosho
and my father fought to the death on a ancient satellite called Varge 
Altone. Varge Altone
is what the Ratanians call `Center Point'. The center of the universe. The 
Ultimate power
is located in that area, and it will be mine, just like my father before 
me."
"What does that have to do with Sasami and Mayuka!? Were are they!?" Shouted
an angered Ayeka. Kagato Smiled.
"The girls will be used to help open the gates to Varge Altone. Believe it 
or not,
Boy but your daughter had Veronian Blood as well."
It took a moment for the gang to process this information. Kagato continued. 
"But
this little speech isn't just about me now." He began as he brought his 
attention to Ayeka.
"Ayeka, there is someone that you should meet in my services." Kagato raised 
his left
arm as Rose stepped forward and threw back her hood. Asuza, Funaho, and Lady 
Masaki
all froze as Yosho yelled at Kagato.
"Stop this now!!" He yelled as Rose walked towards Ayeka. "Kagato!! Stop 
this
now!!" He called. Yosho didn't want his sisters' entire existence to be 
shattered by this
madman. Kagato just smiled.
"Why Yosho?" Kagato asked. "Why deprive a girl from meeting her real
mother!"
Ayeka froze as if an invisible bullet pierced her flesh. Mother, Ayeka 
thought.
How could that be? My mother is Lady Masaki. But Rose's hair looks just like 
mine.
How can that be? Ayeka fell to her knees; all attention was focused on her. 
A single tear
rolled down the Juraian Princesses cheek as Rose raised Ayeka's head with 
her hand.
Ayeka began to mutter. "Is..Is it.True?" She asked.
"My deer child." Rose began. "It has been so long since I touched your 
little tear
stained face." Ayeka clutched her eyes shut as Rose kneeled down and kiss 
Ayekas
cheek.
Tenchi stood in horror of the entire spectacle, but he couldn't help but 
laugh.
Tenchi began to laugh slowly at first, in an almost maddening tone, but then 
he brought
his gaze toward Kagato with enough power to stop a rampaging bull. Tenchi 
began to
walk towards Kagato as he spoke in words that were unlike Tenchi.
"Kagato you fool." Tenchi began. Durant took a step forward as Kagato s 
smile
turned into a frown. "This has to be the dumbest thing I've ever thought was 
possible.
You lining us up in this hall for a coming out party." Tenchi began to 
laugh, trying to
frustrate the ego of Kagato. "I've seen many movies in my day." Tenchi 
began. "But this
looks like a scene from a very very lousy B movie." Kagato tighten his gaze 
at the young
Juraian Prince. Tenchi continued, for he knew that he hit a nerve. "I mean 
come on
Kagato, you've just told us exactly what your plan is, including your goal. 
Now when we
escape, we can thwart your plan easily with out a problem." Kagato began to 
walk
violently fast towards the cocky young prince. With all his might, he 
punched Tenchi in
the gut, knocking out all the wind in his body. Kagato looked over at Nimoy.
"Nimoy, take this vermin and the rest of his comrades to a cell. And I want 
their
ship transferred onto the Exeter. I want that cloaking device." Nimoy stood 
straight and
saluted.
"Yes sir." Nimoy said as his guards moved in. They dragged Tenchi by his
ankles. As Tenchi was being dragged, he could see a share of dark, sharp 
stares towards
him by Durant and Kagato right before he passed out.

Tenchi awoke to sounds of comfort and discussion as he lay upon an old cot.
Ayeka was crying her eyes out as her mother hugged her in comfort. But Lady 
Masaki
wasn't her mother. Tenchi had never seen Ayeka like this ever. He couldn't 
imagine the
pain she must be going through. Having just learned that your mother wasn't 
your
mother. Tenchi couldn't bear that thought if it was him in Ayekas shoes.
Tenchi could hear Asuza telling a story from long, long ago. About 700 years 
ago,
Asuza had three wives instead of two. Funaho of Earth, Masaki of Jurai, and 
Rose of
Veronia. Rose was very different from the other queens. She had a mean 
streak. She
would boss around everybody she could get a chance at, but she kept up an 
innocent child
like demeanor whenever Asuza was around. One day, Rose went too far and 
killed a
maid. Lady Masaki saw the event and went straight to Asuza with the news. 
Asuza
always trusted his wives, but he wasn't sure if Lady Masaki was actually 
speaking the
truth or playing a game. Asuza had a team examine the body of the maid and 
it was
brought to life that Rose did kill her. Rose was then banished out of the 
Juraian Empire
forever for her crime of killing another and hurting others in a brutal 
fashion. Roses only
daughter, Ayeka was given to Lady Masaki to take care of as her own.
It was an interesting story if Tenchi had ever heard one. Tenchi made out a 
small
question from Ayeka. "Why didn't you tell me?" She asked. Tenchi heard Asuza 
clear his
throat as he answered.
"Because I wanted you to be happy, my daughter." He began. "If I would've 
told
you at a young age that your mother was a murderer, then I was afraid that 
you would go
into a depression or something like that." Tenchi heard Ayeka stand up 
slightly. After a
brief moment of silence, he heard her speak.
"I am Princess Ayeka Jurai, Daughter of Lady Masaki Jurai. Rose is not my
mother." Tenchi thought about that statement for a while. Ayeka declaring 
her strength
was something that Tenchi would've never thought he'd ever hear. It amazed 
him more
then ever that people truly can change.

The room was silent as the Exeter moved across the universe, but Tenchi 
Masaki
still lay on his cot, thinking about things that have happened. Two days 
have passed since
the revelation of Kagato. Tenchi didn't know what was going to happen. He 
could hear
discussions being made by guards as they pass. Kagato has decided that there 
is no rush
to find Varge Altone because only he can open it, so he says. Kagato plans a 
mighty
pilgrimage that would take place in one year to mark the anniversary of the 
new Empire.
Tenchi didn't care. Sure he laughed, but he was scared and deprived of his 
Ryoko. He
missed her dearly. More then he ever thought possible. Tenchi slide the ring 
that his
Pirate had given him off and on his finger constantly, as if to hasten her 
arrival.
Suddenly, the cell felt more cramped. Tenchi turned around and he saw a site 
for
sore eyes. Ryoko had just phased into the cell room. Tenchi immediately 
jumped to his
feet and gave Ryoko the huge of a lifetime. "Ryoko!" Tenchi said. The gang 
all crowded
around her, except for Asuza and Yosho. Ryoko created a small energy blade 
and sliced
off Darla's Collar.
"Come on, We're getting out of here." Ryoko said as she phased out of the 
cell.
She jammed her Energy sword into the control unit. Immediately, sparks flew 
and the
smell of Ozone could be smelled. The energy shield keeping the Gang in the 
cell was
destroyed. Tenchi ran out and saw that their weapons were located right by 
the cell.
Kyone could only laugh.
"Leave it to Veronia to leave our weapons right outside the cell. Yosho 
grabbed a
large Energy Saber.
"Lets go. Kagato said that the Strider was located in the main Cargo Bay." 
Ryo-
Oki Mewed in response to Yosho's statement as she hopped up on Tenchi's 
shouldered.
The gang ran down the corridors, not caring if anybody saw them. This was 
their
great escape. "After them!" They could hear as Kyone turned around and 
brought her
blaster to bear.
"We have to hurry!" She shouted as she took out two soldiers with two shots. 
But
that wasn't enough to stop the twenty soldiers chasing them. Ryoko pointed 
to a corridor
on the right.
"That way leads to the Cargo Hold. I checked this ship out before I made it 
to you
guys. I know were I'm going." The gang all turned right and ran past a few 
doors, right
into the Cargo bay. The Strider looked from the outside to be in perfect 
condition.
Hopefully the Cloaking device was still installed. Darla and Kyone made 
their way into
the ship, guarding Ladies Masaki and Funaho from enemy fire. Tenchi and 
Ryoko Fired
at the Enemy as more troops rushed into the hold. Ayeka kept her shield up 
as energy
flew at them like bolts of lightning, and then they stopped.
The soldiers just stood there, aiming their blasters towards the gang. Some 
of
them moved away from an open passage as Emperor Kagato made his way into the 
large
Cargo Hold. In his right hand was an Energy Saber, the same one used when 
Kagato
fought Tenchi. Kagato spoke.
"Yosho!" He yelled. "You can't escape me forever. I need your blood." Yosho
stood up from behind a large crate. Ayeka tried to pull him back but he was 
out of reach.
Yosho walked silently into the center of the Cargo hold, getting closer and 
closer
to Kagato. Kagato smiled a vicious smile.
"So you won't run away from me any more." He began. "Good, then we may
dance like devils in the pail moon light." Kagato ignited his saber, as did 
Yosho. Tenchi
stared in awe at the two figures ready for battle. Yosho in his normal 
Shrine GI and
Kagato in his Emperors uniform.
Yosho and Kagato raised their blades and began to stride in a 
counterclockwise
circle. Suddenly, in a blink of an eye, they charged each other in a vicious 
pace. Kagato
brought his sword down on Yosho as he blocked it away with a thrust. Tenchi 
couldn't
believe the skill their were using. It was like when they fought at the 
great tree outside the
house, but turned up a couple of levels in a blinding pace. Every swing was 
blocked by
the others as they fought in the center of the hold.
But Tenchi could tell that Yosho was fighting a losing battle. Kagato was 
faster
then Yosho in many ways. It was only a matter of time.
The two warriors' blades connected furiously as Yosho tried to hold his 
ground.
Kagato was just to fast for Yosho.
Suddenly, Yosho's sword was hit so hard that it flew out of his hand to the 
floor
and Kagato placed his hand on Yosho's chest.
All time stopped in that instant as Kagato's hand began to glow from the 
powers
of the Key of Jurai coming from that Hand. Kagato began to speak in an 
ominous voice.
"Thus ends the tale of Yosho the Brave." And a brilliant spark erupted 
through
Yosho, leaving a hole in his chest. Yosho fell to the ground as Tenchi and 
Ayeka both
screamed his name.
"YYOOOSSSSHHHOOOO!!! GGGGGRRRRAAAAAMMMMPPPPAAAA!!!!"
They yelled as Ryoko Grabbed Tenchi before he could run after Kagato. The 
soldiers
began to fire again as Tenchi and Ayeka was literally dragged into the 
Strider and the
ship flew off.
Tenchi sat in a corner, clutching Ryoko and Crying like he had never cried 
before.
Ayeka was with her family, crying her eyes out as the Ship rocketed into 
Hyperspace and
escaped the wrath of the Empire.

Kagato looked down upon the fallen body of Yosho, a huge smile on his face.
Kagato had avenged the killer of his father, Saren. Now all Kagato had to do 
was find the
Ratarian Burial ground. That could take time, no hurry. Kagato had all the 
time in the
Universe at his fingertips and only he could open the door with the Sword 
Tenchi. He
began to speak.
"So Yosho, you have fallen at my hands. How delighted I was when I first 
learned
that you had residence on Earth. I had finally found you, but then the Boy 
interfered. No
matter, you are finally dead and I may take my prize, but not yet. I want to 
torture all
those who defy my will. If I can wait for more then 5000 long years, then I 
surely can
wait a little longer." Kagato looked over at Durant. "Durant, I want his 
body sent to the
Rebels. I will still honor this man as a Warrior and send him to his 
family." Durant
bowed as he lifted the lifeless body of Yosho into his arms. Kagato walked 
away so he
could rest after a long day.

The Strider flew at full speed to make up for wasted time. It had been one 
day
since the death of Yosho and Tenchi kept himself to himself as he stared out 
of the main
View port. Tenchi had lost everybody he was related to. His mother died 
many, many
years ago and His father had died three months ago. Now Yosho was gone and 
Tenchi
had no idea were Mayuka could be. It frightened Tenchi to a state of 
depression. He had
never felt so alone in his life at that moment in time. His Grandfather, 
lord Katsuhito, or
Prince Yosho had been instrumental in Tenchi's main upbringing and he owed 
his
Grandfather deeply, but how? Kagato was almost to a level of a god. He can't 
be killed.
How could Tenchi defeat the most Powerful Being in the Universe?
At that moment, a door opened and Ryoko stepped in. Ryoko silently stepped
towards the saddened Tenchi and softly hugged him in the empty room. Tenchi 
raised his
hands and held onto hers as the just sat there in silence. Ryoko slowly 
spoke.
"I'm sorry I didn't make it there sooner, Tenchi." She said. Tenchi slowly 
shook
his head.
"No need to apologize." He began. "I just wish we could've found Sasami and
Mayuka." Tenchi paused for a moment and then sighed. "Who am I kidding." He 
began.
"I wish this whole event never would've happened. I just wish we were back 
at the
Dance, not a care in the world." Ryoko shushed him by putting a finger over 
his mouth.
"Don't regret anything Tenchi. Please? Let's just spend this moment in 
peace, not
caring for anything at all." Tenchi nodded as he smiled.
"I wish it were that easy, Ryoko." He said as a silent tear ran down his 
cheek. The
two beings continued to embrace when Ryoko remembered something.
"Oh yeah." She began. "We need to stop for fuel. The Strider can only fly on 
so
much so we're going to the Cabbits Eye." Tenchi smiled at the mention of the 
Cabbits
Eye. So many good memories that have long since past occurred there, 
including when
Tenchi confessed his love to Ryoko. It was a nice place for food and rest 
and Tenchi
needed both.
"Good." He said. "I miss that place." Silence returned as the two stared out 
at the
sky.

One month later, they arrived at the Cabbits eye. The Cabbits Eye hadn't 
changed
since Tenchi last saw it over a year ago. Sure there were slight differences 
thanks to the
new Empirial reign. Prices were up and there seemed to be fewer people 
there. The Food
went from great to terrible. It broke Tenchi's heart that such a great place 
ended up as it
did, but then he remembered what happened to his home and he thanked god 
that it didn't
change.
Tenchi sat at the bar at the Cabbits Eye, dwelling over the death of Yosho 
and the
kidnapping of his daughter and Sasami. He was alone because Ryoko was out 
getting
supplies and he needed to keep a low profile. But Tenchi wanted to be alone. 
He really
didn't want to be around anybody. Tenchi couldn't stop thinking about the 
death of his
Grandfather. It hurt his chest like a knife, digging deeper every second. 
Now his only real
living relative was his daughter, and if he didn't save her soon, she would 
end up just like
his father, mother, and grandfather.
The bar was practically empty, save for Tenchi, the Bartender and a couple 
of strangers.
Tenchi could hear the laughing and carrying on made by those, except for one 
man, who
his himself underneath a cloak and stayed in the far corner. Tenchi sulked a 
little bit,
thinking about the others that he hasn't seen for a while.  Mihoshi, Washu, 
Tsunami, and
Martel, trying to find the Galaxy Police, that is if they were still alive.
Suddenly, the man in the cloak walked over towards the seat next to Tenchi.
Tenchi didn't care who he was. He just wanted to be alone. The man sat down 
with his
drink and cupped his hands together. The cloaked man moved his head in 
Tenchi's
direction. "You look like the fate of existence is all on your shoulders." 
The man said in a
deep, yet raspy voice. Tenchi shrugged it off. The man continued. "Can I buy 
you a
drink?" He asked. Tenchi shook his head.
"No thank you." Tenchi began. "I don't drink." The man took a drink from his
glass.
"It is intriguing to see a guy full of problems come to a bar, and not 
drink." The
man said. "It's a rare sight indeed in this time of need." Tenchi looked 
towards the man.
"Look, I would like to be alone right now." Tenchi said. The mans posture
stiffened.
"What's wrong, Masaki?" The man began. Tenchi gasped. "Don't want to have a
conversation with the means of your end!" Tenchi jumped back just as an 
energy blade
wised by. The cloaked man was carrying a double-sided Jurai blade and he 
brought back
his hood. "Its been a while Masaki!" The other patrons backed away from the 
two
warriors. Tenchi just stared at the red haired man as he pulled out his new 
energy saber
and ignited it.
"Same here, Jericho." Tenchi said as he ignited his blade as well. The Two 
stood
as the occupants of the tavern fled from the two. Tenchi and Jericho's eyes 
burned holes
into each other's skulls. Jericho cockily laughed.
"My my, how long has it been. We've known each other for quite a while now. 
I
believe half an earth cycle. This long and we have yet to cross blades. Well 
now is the
time!" And with that, Jericho charged Tenchi, but instead of bringing his 
blade to bear, he
jump kicked Tenchi in the chest, sending him through the main window to the 
courtyard
of the Hotel. Jericho jumped through the window and landed a few feet away 
from
Tenchi.
"Time to collect my bounty." And with that, he tried to stab Tenchi, but 
Tenchi
moved to his right to avoid the blade and was on his feet. He ran as fast as 
his feet could
take him as Jericho pulled out a blaster and brought it to bear. He Fired 
twice at Tenchi,
but they missed and hit a wall as Tenchi climbed up a ladder as fast as he 
could. Jericho
gave chase.
Tenchi stood atop the roof of the main lobby area as Jericho leapt atop the 
roof.
Jericho spoke.
	"Just like a mouse. My catlike claws will do the job." He said as he lifted 
his
blade and thrust it towards Tenchi. Tenchi lifted his blade and stopped the 
oncoming
blade.
	"A mouse can outwit a cat." Tenchi said as he went for a full swing. The 
two
began to block and swing as fast as they could each blade deflecting off the 
other. Tenchi
knew he had to keep his footing or he knew he wasn't going to make this.

	Both Kyone and Ryoko were at the Lobby when they heard a blast come from 
the
Lobby outside. "That doesn't sound good." Ryoko said. Kyone began to run 
towards the
Fire escape.
	"Come on, we need to see what's up." Kyone called as she began her assent.
Ryoko was right behind her, or in front of her. The Space Pirate immediately 
flew
towards the roof, phasing through many rooms on her flight.

	Tenchi and Jericho continued their fight as if both of them had nothing to 
loose.
Their blades crossed with fast and furious intensity. Each swing being 
blocked by
another. People stared in awe as the two fought with pride and strength on 
their side.
	Suddenly, Jericho cut hard right and sliced the edge of Tenchi's Left arm. 
Tenchi
dropped his sword and clutched at his burnt and bleeding wound that would 
forever scar
his life.
	Jericho did a sweep kick, which brought the Juraian Prince on his back. 
Jericho
lifted his blade in the air, signaling a stabbing motion, when Tenchi called 
out.
	"Stop it Jericho!" He yelled. "You can't do this!" Jericho stopped and 
looked
down at his pray.
	"And why should I do that?" He asked. Tenchi coughed up four words that 
would
scare Jericho to death.
	"Because Kagato is alive!" Jericho stopped dead in his tracks.
	"What did you say?" The Assassin asked. Tenchi took a deep breath.
	"Savalon is Kagato." He began. "I knew you would know who he is. You still
have my memories copied." Jericho looked away just as Kyone and Ryoko made 
their
way onto the roof. Kyone raised her blaster right at Jericho's head. While 
Ryoko ignited
her own sword.
	"Freeze Jericho!" Kyone yelled. Jericho looked at her and smiled. Tenchi
continued.
	"Jericho, Kagato wants to obliterate this Universe and reshape it into his 
own
design. Join us." Jericho sharply looked towards Tenchi with a confused look 
on his face.
"Join us. We need all the help we can get."
	Both Kyone and Ryoko were shocked at Tenchi's Proposal. Kyone thought for a
minute what would happen if Jericho were to join. She might be able to reach 
him in
some way. She smiled at her former lover. Jericho disengaged his blades.
	"Very well." He began. "If Kagato is involved, then something needs to be 
done.
I'm in. but once this is all over, I'm taking your life and your demons life 
as well."
Ryoko was about to lunge at Jericho but she knew that that would be a very 
bad idea.
	Tenchi stood up, still clutching his arm while he attached his blade to his 
belt.
Then, he held out his hand in a show of Friendship towards Jericho. Jericho 
actually
smiled and shook Tenchi's hand. Ryoko almost gasped at the sight while Kyone 
had
never been happier. Ryoko walked over to them.
	"Ok, we need to get out of here before the Empire discovers our location 
from the
noise you two made." Every body nodded and began to walk away when a giant
explosion was heard in the distance. Everybody looked out at the fire and 
saw several
bomber like Vehicles flying towards their Position.
	"Shit!" Jericho yelled. "Imperial Bombers!" The Bombers flew over the 
Hotel,
gently sending small projectiles into the many buildings. Ryoko yelled.
	"They're trying to flush us out!" She yelled. "We have to get to the 
Strider!" With
a quick nod, they all grabbed hold of Ryoko's arms and she teleported to the 
spaceport
were the Strider was located.
As they appeared, Ayeka and Darla ran to greet them as the spaceport shook.
	"What's going on!" Shouted the Princess. They just ran past Ayeka as Kyone
called back.
	"They found us, we need to get out of here!" They ran up the ramp as fast 
as they
could, with Darla and Ayeka noticing a new passenger, but they figured that 
there was an
explanation for him being there.
	They ran into the cockpit, with the royal family asking the same questions 
as
before and those were met with the same answers. Kyone glanced at the main 
control
panel, checking all gages. There was only a half a tank of fuel. It would 
have to do for
now. She turned her head back towards the others.
	"I'm going to need some extra fire power!" She yelled. "Get to the 
torrents!"
Jericho and Darla both ran to the turrents in the starboard side of the 
ship. Kyone's fingers
danced across the control panel as the ship began to rise and turn. Kyone 
grabbed hold of
a stick and hit a button. Suddenly, the Strider fired a burst of energy and 
the main hanger
doors flew away. Kyone smacked a button and the Strider was away, and it was 
being
chased by several fighters in a flying V Formation.
	Tenchi sat in the far end of the bridge having his wound tended by Lady 
Funaho.
Funaho was a whiz at medical surgery and could repair any body part. Ryoko 
stood at the
helm, seated next to Kyone as the Strider rocketed into orbit.

	The Strider was just out of the planet's atmosphere when just about every 
warning
light imaginable started going off. Kyone and Ryoko's eye s danced about the 
view port
as Tenchi turned towards them.
	"What is that!" He yelled. Kyone and Ryoko continued to look as Kyone
answered.
	"It means that we have more then fighters on our tail!" Kyone Shouted as 
she
pointed out of the window. "Veronian Battle Crusiers!! Big Ones!!" Ryoko 
couldn't
believe it.
	"That's not good!" Kyone yelled into a comm. "Hey you guys!" She yelled. 
"We
have more then fighters to worry about. If I get close to those battleship, 
I want you to
fire at their main Shield Generators!" The Strider rocketed towards the 
massive
battleships in an Attempt to escape.
	"You're just going to go right through them!" Asuza yelled. Kyone nodded.
	"Because they are blocking my Way!" And with that, she hit the thrust to 
almost
light speed. The Enemy starships began to fire and chase the Strider as it 
flew between
the two closest Command ships.
	Suddenly, the Strider jerked Violently to the side as it was struck by 
enemy fire.
As Kyone Steadied the ship, Ayeka and Jericho fired at enemy fighters that 
gave chase.
Kyone's Hands danced across the controls as the Strider flew along side the 
closest
Command ship. She began to bring up her star maps and activate her command 
com.
Ryoko took note of this.
	"What are you doing!" She asked.
	"I'm looking for the Galaxy Police!" She yelled. Their main rondevious 
point is
somewhere beyond the Aldreti Asteroid Cluster." Asuza's eyes widened.
	"Your not planning on flying through the Asteroid field are you!?" Asuza 
yelled.
"Not only is it full of Asteroids and Meteors, but it also houses Old Pirate 
Defense
Weapons that have yet to be cleared! You're signing our own death Sentence!" 
Kyone
didn't listen. As soon as the Strider passed the last command ship, she hit 
the overdrive
and flew as fast as she could to the Asteroid Field. She couldn't go into 
hyperdrive due to
the fact that it had been cut when they were imprisoned on the Exeter and it 
was yet to be
repaired.
	The Strider flew as fast as it could as Kyone began to yell into her comm. 
"This is
Detective First Class Kyone of the Galaxy Police. I am carrying diplomatic 
leaders from
the Juraian Empire for the council! Please respond!" The Strider rocketed 
into the
asteroid field as several smaller fighters gave chase. There was no response 
to her
message.
	"This is not good." Tenchi said. The Strider was hit two more times as it 
dodged
Asteroid after Asteroid.
	Minutes seemed like hours as Kyone tried to loose her opponents and wait 
for a
signal. She repeated her message every two minutes. The Strider flew 
straight through
two large Asteroids, with fighters now infront and behind the ship.
	"This is it!" Asuza shouted, when suddenly, the fighters before them 
exploded in
a burst of flame. Kyone looked up and shouted.
	"All Right!" She yelled. The others followed her eyesight as several small 
red
starfighters flew in and began to fire on the Veronian ships. Suddenly, a 
message began
to play.
	"This is Captain Saven Flynn of the Galaxy Police. Welcome back officer 
Kyone.
Follow these coordinates while we take out the Enemy." Suddenly, a star map 
appeared
on the main viewer while the red ships whizzed past them.
	The Strider followed the star map perfectly and escaped the Asteroid field 
with
the Galaxy Police Pilots.

	The Strider docked perfectly next to the Yagami in the Nostromos Docking 
bay as
several technicians ran to the ship to check on it and perform repairs. The 
Main ramp fell
and Emperor Asuza with his Wives walked down it with Tenchi behind them. 
Martel ran
as fast as he could over to Tenchi. "Tenchi!" He called.
	Tenchi looked over at Martel and laughed. "Martel!" He yelled.
	Martel ran up to him and stopped.
	"Where's Ayeka?" He asked.
	"She's still in the ship. Go see here." Tenchi said. Martel smiled and ran 
up the
ramp. Martial Anderson met Emperor Asuza infront of the ramp and he bowed 
before
him before he gripped Asuza in a bearhug and laughed.
	"Great to see you my friend!" Anderson laughed. "How long has it been. 20
years." Asuza just grumpily looked at the martial as Anderson stood back.
	"I would say the same but I am still angry at you." Asuza said. Anderson 
looked
at him quizzical.
	"What do you mean?" He asked.
	"What do I mean!?" Asuza began. "How about a little over a year ago when
Kagato was hovering above my planet like a sword of Damocles." Anderson
sweatdropped.
	"Look, I'm sorry but the council voted that it was nothing more the a 
political
affair. We can't get involved in those. Sorry. I voted to help you." Asuza 
lightened up.
	"Ok, I'll let it go this time." Asuza said. It was then that Jericho began 
to descend
the ramp. He was wearing his long black cloak, making him look a lot like 
Luke
Skywalker in the Return of the Jedi. Well, to Tenchi atleast. Kyone kept 
close behind
Jericho.
	It was when Anderson saw Jericho that the mood turned sower.
	"And just what the hell is that son of a worm doing here!" Anderson yelled. 
All
the guards in the dock pointed their blasters at Jericho. Asuza raised his 
hand.
	"Its ok Anderson." Asuza began. "He's here to help." Anderson looked
quizzically at Asuza.
	"And just what in the blue hell can make Jericho help us?" He asked 
sarcastically.
Asuza held his breath before he spoke that one word.
	"Kagato." He said. Anderson's eyes widened.
	"The Rune Buster! But he's dead!" Anderson said while he tried to figure 
out why
Asuza would mention that name.
	"Kagato is Savalon, and he killed my son." Asuza said. Martial Anderson 
stared
at his friend with fear. Asuza continued. "I'll tell you all about it later, 
my friend, but first
I want the others to get some much needed rest." Anderson nodded as he 
turned towards
the gang. Ayeka, Martel, Ryo-Oki, and Darla had now made their way down the 
ramp
and Ryoko appeared next to Tenchi.
	"Very Well." The Martial began. "You are all on R&R. you may enjoy our rec.
rooms and our garden. Please make yourselves at home and enjoy your stay." 
Anderson
turned back towards Asuza. "The Council will be brought together in a few 
months time.
I want all the Martials and Commanders here." Asuza nodded and the rest of 
the gang left
to enjoy their time of rest.

	Martel, Tsunami, Mihoshi, and Washu sat in disbelief as they heard of the 
events
that have happened. It was amazing and sad. Yosho was lost and now the 
empire was
close to gaining Varge Altone with the only thing standing in their way is 
the fact that the
Empire doesn't know were the map is, and neither does the Galaxy Police. 
Another
Surprise was that Yuzuha, the Mother of Mayuka, was part Veronian.
	Tsunami and Washu collected every word of the story into their heads. They
knew of Varge Altone very well, but of course that is another story to be 
told soon.
	After the gang regrouped, they spent many days together within the confines 
of
the Nostromo. It was a large and roomy ship so there was no problem for them 
at all.
Jericho kept to himself though as he followed Tenchi around like a stalker 
for a couple of
days, but then he stopped. Confining himself in the massive Garden that the 
ship held.
After all, the Nostromo wasn't a battle ship, but a cruiser. It has been 
modified to run as a
battle ship now, but the rec. rooms and the garden are still there.
	Days turned to weeks and Kagato was yet to make his move. It was three 
weeks
since the gang reunited when the body of Yosho was found. It had been 
drifting for
several days in a casket like tube. There was a funeral precision held the 
next day.
Yosho's body was met by many good-byes. Lady Masaki wept the most, followed 
by
Princess Ayeka. It was as sad as Tenchi's funeral was many many moons ago.

	Weeks turned to months and the drum of War continued for six months. During
these six months, Savalon revealed that he was Kagato to the massive public. 
That
address wasn't met with fear, but with smiles. The people of Veronia now 
knew exactly
that their leader was a very powerful man. Battles waged between the Empire 
and the
Rebellion on many different battlegrounds. There was also a new 
battleground. Earth
began to see the power of Juraian, Galaxy Police, and Veronian Weapons. Many 
people
died serving their cause.
	Darla left once again, not to go on her own, but to perform recon work for 
the
rebellion, or Galactic Coalition as it was now called. Other then that, the 
gang continued
to stay put. Jericho actually opened up to the gang, speaking during 
conversations, but
that was all. Tenchi and Ryoko continued where they left off in their 
relationship and
grew even closer. It was in September on Earth that Tenchi proposed to his 
love infront
of a crowd of few, mainly the gang. The Wedding date would be set when the 
War was
over, so that they may live together in peace.
Many Martials gathered around as the months entered November on Earth.
Kagato was yet to move, but the Galactic Coalition was about to take a bold 
step into the
future.

The Council chamber was large and lavish. Slightly dark, it was sphere 
shaped.
The highest Martials, including Anderson sat around the main floor where the 
debating
would be. Tenchi and his friends sat in the mid row. Well, minus Jericho, 
who sat at the
top, so he could just watch from afar. There was much debating among people 
as the
council began. Asuza too the floor first.
"My Comrades. My Family. My Friends. We are gathered here to discuss what
we must do to end this war and end it quickly. I will be brief. Many months 
ago, Emperor
Savalon Takel, or Kagato Takel, took control of the Juraian Empire, 
reuniting it with
Veronia for the first time in over 5000 years thanks to a complete hand off 
given to him
by my Senators. He swindled them of land and Resources with his Silver 
tongue." Asuza
stopped for a moment as he looked up at his daughter and his wives.
"But that is just the beginning." Asuza began. "Kagato Takel killed my Son,
Yosho, Kidnapped my daughter, Sasami, and he now seeks Varge Altone." Asuza
stopped as he could hear whispers about Varge Altone through out the room. 
"Now,
Kagato has sworn to his people that he will gain control of that holy 
artifact, just like his
father did, and bring order to the Universe. But we all know that under his 
command,
Varge Altone wouldn't bring order, but Chaos. We must act, and act fast." 
There was
some more whispering but Asuza waved his hand to stop the sound so he could 
continue.
"Now," Asuza began. "I have already discussed a plan of action with the high
Martials on what must be done. We can not find Varge Altone until Kagato 
does. Only
the bearer of the keys can enter first, or Varge Altone will turn into a 
massive black hole.
So all we can do, is follow and wait." Asuza cleared his throat. "A small 
team will enter
Varge Altone and disable the Artifacts three energy crystals. Disabling 
those will make
Varge Altone seem like a floating tomb."
"I object!" Whispers could be heard as everybody turned to another Martial.
Martial Lockhart.
"And why may I ask that you object, Lockhart?" Asuza asked. Asuza took his 
seat
so Lockhart could speak freely.
"Because doing so would be suicide for anyone to do it." Lockhart began. 
"First,
It wouldn't completely take out Varge Altone. Someone would have to enter 
the main
chamber and fight the keeper of the Center Point, Kagato, in order to do 
anything. Kagato
would have complete control and he could easily take out anybody who posses 
a threat
unless he's distracted."
"Second, Kagato is the keeper of both the Key of Veronia, and the Key of 
Jurai.
His is a god with that power. Anybody who would be willing to fight him 
could easily
become dust and then Kagato would kill the others in his path. Not to 
mention the
resources involved in a project this massive. People, weapons, ships. We 
would have to
take an army 10 times the size of what we have now to stand up against Varge 
Altone,
not to mention the Veronian Ships that would protect it. I'm sure Kagato 
would bring
along the entire fleet. Sure we could take the empire then, but then Varge 
Altone would
march across the universe, vaporizing us in a whisper."
"Now if anybody wants to risk everything they have to fight a god, they 
can."
Lockhart stood for a moment. "Who here would fight a god? Who here, in this 
very
room, would give up their lives to fight a monster that can regenerate body 
parts? A
monster that can destroy a planet in one swing of his hand. Who here will 
look the Devil
in the eye?"
Silence filled the room as nobody spoke. A minute passed and not one person
spoke. But then the silence was finally broken. "I will." The Council looked 
in awe as
Tenchi stood up to show the universe the bravest of them all. Tenchi began 
to walk down
a flight of stairs to the center of the council as Lockhart began to speak.
"And just who are you?" Lockhart asked. Tenchi began to speak as he walked.
"My name is Tenchi Masaki. Son of Atchika. Grand son of Yosho. I was trained
by my Grandfather to fight any evil that would harm the universe." Tenchi 
made it to the
center of the room. "I can also generate the Light Hawk Wings." There was a 
sound of
awe as Tenchi stood, eye to eye of Lockhart. Lockhart smiled.
"And what makes you think that you could do the impossible?" Tenchi held his
breath for a single moment in time. It seemed like a decade to him, but it 
was only three
seconds. Then he spoke.
"When Kagato killed my Grandfather, he said, Thus Ends the Tale of Yosho the
Brave. Well I say, thus begins the Tale of Tenchi the Pure. I will go to 
Varge Altone, but
I do not know the way." Tsunami stood.
"I will help you find your way." The Goddess said as she descended to the 
Floor.
Ryoko stood up as well.
"So will I." She to began to walk. And as she walked, Washu and Kyone stood
up.
"We will follow and light the way for the others." Washu said. Martel and 
Ayeka
stood up and began to walk down the stairs to the floor.
"As Princess of Jurai, I will held guide the way." Ayeka said.
"Tenchi, you have my Blaster as well." Martel said.
"And my blade." Everybody turned to see Jericho walk down the stairs from 
his
perch atop the council.
	Mihoshi, obviously absent, couldn't join them anyway due to her duties with 
the
main force.
There they stood. Eight heroes that would fight, like their ancestors did 
5000
years ago. Tenchi, Ryoko, Tsunami, Washu, Kyone, Jericho, Ayeka, And Martel.


And thus, the quest for Varge Altone began.

To Be Continued.

Next Episode: Following the Leader.

Email me at Nexodus@msn.com

