I don't own Tenchi, Nor Will I ever. Wish I did though. It's not against the law to Wish.
Previously: The Coalition was almost decimated by the Veronian Empire

Tenchi Muyo
Now and Forever
Episode 07
Where Dreams Begin and End
By Nexodus

	Days passed since the battle of Dabura and General Mihoshi was locked in her 
quarters, away from the rest of the world. She could not believe that her Grandfather was 
dead, and that she had an uncle her age! It both amazed and freaked her out a little.
	War is never good. No Matter what side you choose, you will loose. People die, 
land is destroyed, and one race gets closer to Extinction. The Shinata area a great 
example of that fact. They fought with each other until there was only one left, and that 
one was the most evil of them all.
	Mihoshi didn't know what to do. Her ship, the Armitage, had reconnected with 
what's left of that fleet of ships after the battle. Many battle ships had been destroyed at 
the hands of Durant. Mihoshi had never seen the man, but she had heard the name before. 
Durant. The name burned into her chest like the fires of hell.
	Mihoshi had never had a real reason to hate anything in her life, until now. The 
horror stories she heard weren't enough, her grandpa was lost, and now she would 
succeed to the Martial status. She would command the armies of the Galaxy Police, but 
Mihoshi couldn't handle it.
	A Nock was heard at her door. Mihoshi sat up, wiping the tears from her face. 
"Who is it?" She asked, trying to control herself.
	"Its Funaho, May I come in?" The Lady Funaho asked with tender loving care in 
her voice. Mihoshi walked over to the main control and typed in a code and the door slid 
open.
	There was the Lady Funaho, in all her glory, and she wanted to see Mihoshi. 
Funaho took a step into the room as Mihoshi walked over to her couch. 
	"Are you ok?" Funaho asked as she sat down next to Mihoshi. Mihoshi began to 
tear again so Funaho held out her arm. 
	Minutes passed as Mihoshi continued to cry her eyes out to the queen of Jurai 
until she could finally speak.
	"H.he's gone." Mihoshi whimpered as she continued to cry. Funaho hugged the 
general closely to help her. "I just wish that there was something I could've done. I wish 
there was someway I could go back and stop everything from happening."
	"Shh." Funaho began. "So do all who experience such great heartaches." Mihoshi 
looked into her friend's eyes as the queen continued. "Tenchi feels it, as does Ayeka and 
those around them. We live in a time where all feel that, what has happened could've 
been prevented. But we cannot change what has happened. The Question is that what can 
we do with the time that we are experiencing right now." Mihoshi continued to listen to 
the queen's words.
	"You have lost you greatest and closest friend, even closer then Kyone and you 
shed tears for him now. But what about tomorrow? Sure he is gone, but everything leaves 
one of these days. Right now, you are the Martial for a mighty army of people who wish 
the fighting to end. Will you let them fall? Or will you let them finish what they must do 
to end this war. The choice is yours." Funaho placed a hand on Mihoshi's shoulder. 
	"You do know that you are still not alone. You still have your best friend. Kyone 
may not be here right now, but she will always help you, when you need it. Then there 
are the others, who would give their lives for you, like your grandfather did. What about 
the boy who said that your grandfather was his father. Your uncle Saven. He will fight for 
you, and stand by your side. Trust this stranger, for me." And with that, Funaho stood up, 
and left the wondering Martial alone.
	 
	Kagato sat, alone, in his observatory on his own personal battleship, the Eternity. 
He stared out at the amazing cloud formations that they were growing closer. The 
Labyrinth Cluster, as it has been labeled. An endless sea of cloud, ice, and rock. On the 
other side was the Ra's Temple, the map to Varge Altone. 
For 5000 years, Kagato had awaited this very moment. The day when he could 
finally reclaim what his father lost. It filled the man with a sense of joy that he was 
following in his father's footsteps. He was taking the same pilgrimage that Saren Takel 
took 5000 years ago. And now, this was Kagato Takel's turn. 
What power would he unlock? Kagato thought. What can he accomplish with the 
power given to him by a god? 
The Doors slid open behind him, and Nimoy walked through, disturbing Kagato's 
train of thought. Nimoy bowed before his master as he pulled out a datapad. "My lord," 
He began. "Our Spies were able to obtain information as to who is on that little ship that 
is following us." Nimoy pressed a button on a controller, and a small command console 
rose from the floor. Nimoy took a small optic disk and placed it into the machine. The 
machine brought up a large screen. The Screen displayed several text boxes and a picture. 
The Picture was of Tenchi.
"As you know, Tenchi Masaki is leading this troop." Nimoy said as he pressed a 
button. Nimoy had not yet read the data, so the second bit of information suprissed him. 
"Jericho?" Nimoy said in a startled voice. Kagato laughed a little.
"Your surprised?" Kagato began. "He is your son you know." Nimoy shook his 
head. 
"That was a long time ago." Nimoy began. "I left him with his mother. That's 
that. I don't need relations and I don't need a son." Nimoy continued with the data. 
Ayeka came up, followed by Kyone. Martel, Tsunami, Washu, Ryoko. Then the data 
stopped. Kagato found this data interesting.
"So." He began. "The Goddesses Washu and Tsunami are going to Varge Altone. 
I wonder if their older sister knows of this. Tokimi would be very angry that they are 
getting involved in mans war. But then again, Tokimi might not want me to gain Varge 
Altone. Tokimi would want me dead and Varge Altone Destroyed. Because I match my 
power with hers. She doesn't want anybody to be more powerful then herself. This is 
very interesting indeed. You are dismissed." Nimoy bowed to his master as Kagato sat 
and contemplated his next move.

Tenchi watched the Labyrinth with amazed eyes. Never in his life has he ever 
seen something so beautiful and so Dangerous in his life, except for the woman that held 
his hand at that very moment. 
Tenchi could feel them getting closer and closer to the center of the Universe. 
Varge Altone was almost upon them. The Final Battle would be fought and Tenchi would 
finally face his destiny, with Ryoko by his side. 
"You know, I've been here before." Ryoko said. Tenchi moved his direction of 
view directly towards Ryoko. Ryoko continued. I came here during a time of both Sorrow 
and pain in my life."
	"When was that?" Tenchi asked. A tear slide down Ryoko's face.
"It was when I was searching for you. I had to fly through to find you." She said, 
finally turning towards him. Their gaze locked in a moment of beauty. "Tenchi." She 
began. "What were you thinking when you were on that planet?" Tenchi lowered his eyes 
and returned his gaze towards the Labyrinth.
"Well," Tenchi began. "I felt lost. I felt like I would never see you again. I got 
even sadder when my friend, Ten, died. That was when I almost gave up hope. Time 
went by and I fought for myself and then I found you." He brought his eyes back to 
Ryoko's. "Then my feeling of loneliness vanished and was replaced with calmness. Of 
Love." Ryoko draped her arms around Tenchi's Shoulders, using him to support her as 
she moved her lips closer and closer. 
They Kissed. A kiss that was so hot that it could melt the very ice of the 
Labyrinth. They held each other together as several Ice Fragments collided with each 
other, cousing the Labyrinth to have an even more beautiful atmosphere then it had. 
They parted after what seemed like an eternity. And stared into each other's eyes 
for another short eternity. 
"Remember our promise?" Ryoko asked. Tenchi nodded.
"To be together for all time. Now and Forever." Tenchi said. Ryoko smiled. They 
both turned to look at the massive Battleships they followed. "And Kagato will pay for 
what he has done." Tenchi said.

Mihoshi stood on the Bridge for the First time in a couple of days. She felt 
stronger, thanks to Funaho's talk. The crew all looked at her, wondering just what the girl 
would command. What would this young girl tell an army to do? 
The Emperor looked at his friends Granddaughter with happy eyes. He knew what 
she would do. She will do what her grandfather would've done. Continue with what's 
planned. Mihoshi spoke to her comrades.
"Comrades." The young girl began. "Today, we reach Vegeta. Tomorrow, we 
mobilize. This Coalition will continue with its plans to fight Kagato and Durant. I.." She 
paused, looking for the right words. "I never really understood what war was until my 
Grandfather left us. But his passing has brought me to realize that we must fight. We 
must stop this evil from succeeding. Tenchi is fighting for us, so will I." A Strange 
feeling filled the room as people began to whisper to themselves about what this girl was 
doing. Mihoshi knew what she was doing. "This is our time, as it was our forefathers a 
millennium ago. I must sacrifice my childlike attitude for the resistance."
The Crew's moral instantly lifted. Mihoshi looked back at Funaho, who nodded 
her head to her friend. Mihoshi walked over to her command chair and sat down, feeling 
at home with her decision.

The Strider continued its course for many more days before they could see the end 
of the Labyrinth. In the Center floated a large, brown Planet, covered in Rock and water 
and sand. Visible from the bridge was a large Pyramid-like structure. The map. The 
mighty transportation system that would take the strongest of the strong to Varge Altone.
Tenchi gazed at the battleships as several transports left the main Fleet and the 
Eternity. Kagato was making his move, and he had Sasami and Mayuka with him. Tenchi 
watched the royal shuttle glide through the clouds, towards the pyramid-like structure. 
Tenchi pointed to it.
"There he is." He said. Everybody nodded unanimously as Tenchi gripped his 
Energy Blade. Emotions ran through him like a marathon. Fear, Courage, Pain, Lose, The 
Need to Succeed. The Will to Triumph. The Fear of Losing. Tenchi shook his head to get 
rid of those thoughts, clearing his mind. 
Kyone brought the Strider into a full turn, as it began to enter the Planets 
Atmosphere. The Planet Grew as the Strider flew ever more closer.
"The Planet that time forgot." Jericho said in awe as it grew. "Who knows what 
civilizations thrived here centuries ago." Ayeka spoke up.
"Yet they are now covered in Sand and Ash, forgotten by even History books." 
Washu nodded to that notion.
"Even I have no idea what lies on that planet." Washu said. Tsunami knew.
"Evil lies on that planet." Tsunami said. "Pure evil, and in Kagatos hands, Pure 
evil can be even more powerful then before. We must be cautious." She said as she sat 
down, clutching her chest, as she grew more ill. Martel loaded a clip into his gun.
"Evil lurks there, but I can take it out right between the eyes." Martel said, almost 
cockily. 
The Strider flew closer to the Planet, as Ryoko and Ryo-oki watched the planet 
grow. Ryoko was scared. She'd been here before. In both her dreams and in her physical 
form. The planet was death. Barren Death. Ryoko remembered the day she searched the 
skies of the planet. Searched for her Tenchi. This was the exact same planet that Tenchi 
was lost on, oh so long ago. The war that took place was on the otherside of where they 
looked, she knew the planet. She even stood at the doors of the Pyramid. This frightened 
Ryoko even more. The planet played such a tragic part of Tenchi's Life, and now he 
returns to face it again. Will there be a war, Ryoko knew there would be. Would Tenchi 
survive? Ryoko didn't want to ask that question. She brought her gaze away from the 
planet as The Strider finally broke the Atmosphere and Began to land 3 miles away from 
the pyramid. 
Tenchi looked down from the viewport and saw a land speeder racing towards 
them, carrying Darla, Who was happy to see them arrive.

Kagato stood before the doors of the Pyramid. Its size dwarfed his landing Parties 
ships completely and it even blocked out the sun. 
"So this is the Map." He began. "Exquisite, just exquisite." Kagato had brought 
with him 50 soldiers and his Guardians, Durant, Rose, and Nimoy. Nimoy held the 
shoulders of the two innocent girls forced to this place out of their own free will. 
Kagato searched the door, looking for some sort of pressure point or lock. After a 
minute of searching, he found 2 hand imprints by the incline of the doors. A scanner. 
Kagato stood back.
"The Door is locked by that Blood Lock." He turned to Nimoy. "Have the little 
Princesses earn their keep." Nimoy nodded, pushing them forward towards the door.
Sasami and Mayuka froze in their tracks, crossing their arms in protest. "We 
refuse." Sasami said, sound much more like her older sister.
"That's right." Mayuka said. Kagato couldn't help but laugh, his laugh echoing 
across the sands. The girls found this disturbing.
"You know." Kagato said, regaining his posture. "I don't need you alive." A 
Soldier now stood behind the girls, pointing a blaster rifle at the girl's back. "Now be 
good little children and do what your elders tell you and press the buttons, or get a 
spanking." The girls both gulped and stepped forward, placing their hands on the large 
buttons. 
The buttons moved forward and the doors slowly began to open from their 
original closed state for the first time in a millennia. Light shown into the dark halls. 
Kagato chuckled to himself and took a step forward into the now brightened, ancient 
halls. "This is my destiny." He said as he and half his troops stepped through the halls, 
with the girls. "My future. This is now mine."

To Be Continued.

(Quik Author Notes.) Yes, I know its short, but I have to fill 2 episodes. Duh. An 
Episode can be from 1 page to as many as the author wants.

Next Episode: Forever May Not Be Long Enough

Email: Nexodus@msn.com
