I don't own Tenchi or any of its characters. Pioneer does. I did create a couple of  
characters in this fic though.
Previously: Read what happened on the 8 part Series, Tenchi Muyo, Dreams Within  
Dreams available at the TMFFA
************************************************************************
Tenchi Muyo
Now and Forever
Episode 01
The New Empire
By The Nexodus


Prologue

	5000 years ago, there was a great nation known as the Veronian Guild. Its might  
and power rivaled the great Juraian Empire. And at its head was a man with a black heart,  
Saren Takel. Saren ruled the Guild with an Iron Fist, Destroying all those who came in  
the guilds path. But the destruction of his enemies was not enough, he wanted power.
Saren began to lock himself in the Guilds master library, looking for the ultimate power.  
It was here that he learned of great powers such as Lady Tokimi, The Tree Goddess  
Tsunami, The first being, Ra, but only one thing caught his eye. A mystical crystal  
pyramid known as Varge Alonte, Meaning Center Point in the Ratarien Tongue. The  
Pyramid lay dormant in the center of the Universe. Inside it, lay the supreme Chrono  
Splitter. And with it, the power to bend both reality and time. The power to part nebula  
waves. The power to control the elements, bending them at his own command. The  
power of invincibility.
To open Varge Alonte's doors, he needed two young girls, pure of heart with the blood of  
Jurai and Veronia flowing throughout their veins. To wield Sarens own power in Varge  
Altone, He needed both the Master Keys of Jurai and of Veronia.He would also need a  
Juraian Key tool. This brought Saren and his minions into the great empire of Jurai. His  
attach was ruthless But it also brought about the full wrath of the Juraian Empire. It was  
then that Prince Yosho, son of Azusa, picked up his fathers sword.
The Guild and the Empire both reached Varge Alonte at the same time, and a battle  
began immediately. At young Yosho's command, Saren, Enemy to all, was defeated.  
But Saren wouldn't admit defeat. He had a son, and Saren promised that his son would  
continue his legacy and become the master of Varge Alonte and the Universe.  
But Yosho, knowing that Saren's son would one day threaten the universe, locked Varge  
Alonte's doors with a blood lock using the Power of the Jurai Key, Sword Tenchi. The  
only way for Varge Alonte to reopen is with Yosho's blood. It will not open aslong as the  
prince is alive. The map was locked inside the great Shinata Burial Ground. It too could  
only be opened with Yosho's blood, and the Sword Tenchi.  
Saren died clutching his son to his chest. His Son was only 4 then, but he knew what his  
father wanted. And he would do anything to make his father happy.

Fact became Legend, Legend became Myth, and things that were never ment to be  
forgotten were lost. The Sword Tenchi Disappeared, along with Yosho, during the seige  
of Jurai. They both vanished without a trace.
But then, the Sword was found by the most unlikly of people. a teenage country boy  
named Tenchi Masaki found the sword in a cave. The Sword opened the doors to a new  
adventure and Tenchi was the only hope for the universe as the son of Saren takes his  
claim.  


5000 years later

	In the sands of the Great Desert Planet, a lone figure walked silently. His body  
covered with a tatered cloak. His left arm clutching the remains of his right arm. He was  
the last of the Shinata's, a great race of elf-like people with blue skin and pointy ears. A  
mighty battle was fought on the sands between a demon army and the prince of Jurai  
many many many moons ago. The figure continued to walk, as if to find water, which  
was in desperate need for. Blood trickled slightly from his amputated right arm. He  
would die soon if he didn't get help, but he didn't need help. Part of his body was burned  
from and explostion that rocked the Demon Army's sitadel.  
	The Figure finally fell onto the sand from heat and blood loss. With the last ounce  
of his strength, he lifted his head and caught the sight of another figure walking slowly  
tword him. This figure wore black and wight robes and wore a golden face mask to  
protect his face from those who were not worthy. The new figure finally made it to the  
fallen Shinata and stared down. after five minutes of staring, the figure spoke. "Are you  
Mr. Durant?" The figure spoke softly but there was a hint of comand in his voice. Durant  
looked up at the figure.
	"Who wants to know?" He asked, slightly grinning at the man above him. Durant  
saw the new figure smile slightly.
	"A man who shares the same interests with you." The figure began. "Do you  
know a boy named Tenchi Masaki?" Durants eyebrows percked up as the instrument of  
his destruction was named. A look of anger spread across Durant's face.
	"The Jurai." He spoke, anger filling his body with pain and rage. The figure  
backed away slightly.
	"How would you like to create a new life for yourself?" the figure asked. Durants  
face lightened up.
	"What do you have in mind?" The Shinata asked. All the figure did was smile  
back down.

1 month later

 	Emperor Asuza sat at the head of the table as the universal peace talks comenced.  
To his left, two seneters of Jurai followed by seneters of the New Republic of Veronia.  
The same combination to his right, and at the end of the table sat Nimoy, Chancelor of  
Veronia. These where the final days of the universal peace talks and peace would soon  
rain supreme. The only problem that Asuza had was that once again, the Emperor of the  
NRV was no where to be found. This discouraged Asuza. Ever since the Rise of the  
NRV, their Emporer, named Savalon, was never seen in public. Asuza sat silently as the  
treatys where slowly signed. Asuza looked around and noticed that his queens had skiped  
this little setion. Treatys take a long time to make official and they decided to wait and  
show up during the comencement to make it official. Asuza looked around again, this  
time notiveing that all the seneters were slightly sweating. This also made Asuza nervous.  
Nimoy picked up his portable transever to check an incoming call. In the massive  
meeting hall, Asuza couldn't hear what was being said, but he knew something was up.  
Veronia has been in conflict ever since it was colonized eons ago. Asuza lost his train of  
thought as Nimoy stook up, to give an anouncement. "Gentlemen." He began. "Before I  
comemorat this day, I would like to share a call on the main video screen." Nimoy  
motioned for a guard to activate the main video screen. He did so and the image of a man  
wearing a golden face mask apeared. Nimoy continued. "I would like introduce the  
Emperor of the New Republic of Veronia, Savalon!" all the men stood up and bowed,  
including Asuza because it is a sign of respect for leaders to bow befor each other.  
Savalon sat in a throne laced in gold. He wore black and whight Robes acompanied by a  
golden face mask. Savalon laughed.
	"Gentle men." He began. "Its nice to finally greet you in person on this glorious  
day. The End of the Juraian Empire." Asuza emedatly froze. What did he just say, Asuza  
thought. The End of Jurai, Proposterous.  
	"What the hell is going on Savalon!?" Asuza asked immediately. Savalon laughed  
as he looked at the besmirched Emperor.
	"I'm talking about a new revolution. The Juraian Empire is dead now." As  
Savalon spoke, All the Seneters pointed Energy Pistols at the dethroned Emperor. Asuza  
couldn't believe what was happening. His own Seneters against him. The NRV instantly  
invaded his Empire without even killing one person. Savalon continued to laugh at the  
fallen emperor. "Go spread the news, Jurai is dead. Now long live the Universal Empire  
of Veronia." Guards rushed Asuza and arrested him. All Asuza could do was stare at  
Savalon. Savalon continued to laugh as Asuza was taken away.

	"Ryoko, Ayeka, We're going to be late!" Martel called up the stairs. "The good  
Parking spots are going to be taken up and the dance starts in 1 hour!" Tenchi was  
looking at his watch, wondering just how long it would take for two girls to get ready for  
the Spring Prom. The School was hosting its annual Spring Prom to its students and this  
would be Tenchi's first Dance. Tsunami and Washu were going to stay behind because  
they werent students and Mayuka and Sasami needed baby sitters. Kyone and Mihoshi  
were out at the GP headquarters, filling their normal reports so they were no where to be  
found.  
Darla was gone. A month ago, she left to seek her own fortune and make a mark  
in the book of time for herself. The gang had wished her well and that she would always  
have a home there and friends if she ever needed them.  
Martel had also gained his drivers license, an asset the gang needed badly. Tenchi  
had let his ponytail grow a little more, making him look more mature then he once was.  
He was more mature since what had happened to him in the last year.  
Suddenly Tenchi heard footsteps coming down the stairs and Tenchi turned  
around to meet the love of his life, decending down the stairs like an angel from heaven.  
Ryoko looked heavenly. "How do I look?" She asked as she smiled down at Tenchi.  
Tenchi was awestruck by her beauty.
"Like Heaven lost an angel." He said. This caused Ryoko to blush beet red.  
Ayeka began to walk behind Ryoko and Martel got his first glance at his princess. Martel  
immediately blushed.  
"Wow Ayeka." He began as she continued to walk down the stairs. "I'm  
speechless." Ayeka blushed aswell. She ran to Martel and gave him the hug of his life.  
Suddenly Ayeka's smiling face turned to a face of puzzlement.  
"Whats this?" She said as she put her hand into Martel's jacket, looking for  
something. Tenchi and Ryoko watched Ayeka do this and they both raised their  
eyebrows. Ayeka pulled her hand out of his jacket, holding a blaster. "Martel," Ayeka  
began in her nagging voice.
"Its not what you think, Ayeka." He said, beginning to grow sweat drops on his  
forhead. "Its for emergency's. after all, your the princess of the most powerfull Empire in  
the universe. I carry it were ever we go." All the while, Ayeka was looking down upon  
Martel, with her arms crossed, but then her stern face loosened up.  
"All right." She said. "You can keep your little toy. I trust you." And she handed  
the gun back to Martel.  
Tenchi couldn't help but laugh a little, whish cause Ryoko to look at him slyly.  
"So, maybe I should search you for any dangerous weopens, like the gun in your pants."  
Tenchi immediately blushed and brought an emergency napkin to his nose while Ryoko  
laughed her ass off. Ayeka turned tword them and spoke with a nagging voice.
"Ok, Ok. Lets go. We need to get a good parking space." As they walked out the  
door, Tsunami, Washu, Sasami, Mayuka, and Ryo-Oki were there to wish them a  
memorable night.  
Yosho wasn't there, though, for he was at the shrine, worrying about a disturbing  
message he had just heard.  
Jurai had fallen.

	Darla sat by herself in a bar near a hotel named the Cabbits Eye. She was  
watching what mustve been the most disturbing news broadcast she's ever seen. The  
Juraian Empire was falling. Its soldiers dying. Its emperor imprisioned with his wives.  
The destruction of a very peacefull and orderly nation. All at the hands of a man named  
Savalon. A man in a golden mask. Darla knew that it would only be a matter of time  
before the Universal Empire of Veronia would go after Princess Ayeka, who would be  
unawear of the events that are happening. Darla knew what she had to do. She had to  
warn Ayeka and the others before it was too late. Darla hoped outta the tavern and ran to  
her ship, the Outlander.

	Kyone and Mihoshi couldn't believe what was going on as Jurai was falling.  
"Kyone." Mihoshi began in her scared voice. "Whats going on? Whats going to happen?"  
	"I don't know. All I can tell you is that we have to tell Tenchi and the others  
before Veronia remembers that Emperor Asuza had children." And with that Kyone  
pressed the Yagami into hyper space, hoping against hope that Veronia hasn't already  
made a stop at Earth.

	The dance had just started when the gang arrived. There was food and games, as  
well as the gym, which housed the dance floor. Ryoko and Ayeka immediately dragged  
the boys into the dance room, even though Tenchi and Martel couldn't dance if their lives  
depended on it, but if they wouldn't go, they would be dead so their lives did depend on  
it. The night went on gloriously. The students didn't have a care in the world, and Ryoko  
and Tenchi were lost in song as the song `My Heart Will Go On', by Celine Deon played.  
It was their song now. The song practitcally told the tale of their love beautifally.
	The Night continued, on and on and on and on and Tenchi was ready to pop a  
question he had been wanting to ask Ryoko for a while now. Ever since the day his father  
died, Tenchi carried a ring that he had made. A single diamond, not large, not small. The  
diamond had an inscription cut into it that one could only read if they had a microscope.  
	`My Ryoko, I give you my heart, now and forever'
It was perfect. The mood was perfect and the time was right. He was going to propose to  
his love.
"Ladies and Gentlemen." A voice erupted over the sound system as the music  
stopped. Everybody turned to see who this person was but the man had his back to the  
crowd. He wore a long, purple cloak with silver seems. The strangers hair was long and  
white, it was either the original color or had turned white due to age or stress. The doors  
erupted with a loud clange, and all of a sudden, solders with rifles not of the earth entered  
and raised their guns at the awestruck crowd. The guards began to push the students and  
faculty to the side walls, leaving Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Martel in the middle of the  
gym.
	Suddenly, the man with the mic turned to reveal himself to the crowd of confused  
students. Tenchi was shocked as he saw for the first time in allmost a year. It was Durant.  
The crowd gave cries of oh's and some screamed. Ayeka held her hand to her mouth and  
both Ryoko and Martel went into a battle stance. Durant raised the mic close to his face.
	"I'm sorry to interupt this special occation but I am here on buisness and buisness  
comes before pleasure." Durant hopped of the stage and slowly walked towrd the gang.  
"To answer what most of you are probably thinking at this moment, yes, I am an Alien.  
But I am not the only one here in this gym. I see before me four people, very close.  
Almost a real family. These four have deceived you all. One of these four is the princess  
of a former mighty empire." Just then, a thought ran through their heads. "Former"  
Mighty Empire. Something mustve happened. Durant continued. "This Princess tries to  
act dainty and proper, but in real life she can be a real bitch. The next was a boy scientist  
turned solder. A man with an almost nice but mostly sad past that includes stories of  
murder, betrayal, and pain. The third was a space pirate. She ravaged the many galaxies  
pillaging and plundering all she could. She can fly, phase, and teleport." Durant stopped  
and grinned his evil one-eyed grin at Tenchi.  
	"The last." Durant began. "Is the pick of the litter. Half man, half alien. He has  
fought mad scientists, demons, madmen, and myself. He is the crown prince of the once  
mighty Juraian Empire and can generate the amazing light Hawk Wings." Durant stopped  
walking, right infront of Tenchi. Tenchi stood, staring in both anger and disbeilief that  
such a madman lived. Durant whispered into the mic. "Hello Jurai."
	"Durant!" Tenchi hissed. Just then, Durants free hand grabbed Tenchi by the  
throat and lifted him into the air.
	"Oh how I've waited for this day." He began. Tenchi looked at the hand that was  
holding him in the air. Pure Titanium. A new hand and it was choking Tenchi. Martel  
pulled out his blaster and pointed it at Durant. Durant laughed cockily. "If I were you, I'd  
drop that blaster, Hunter Martel. This entire school is loaded with enough neronic  
explosives to make it a smoldering crater." Durant pulled out a remote control detonater.  
"You know, I have no gruff with these students. Guards, let them out of the building."  
Durant ordered. Half the guards hustled the students and faculty outta the building. As  
this was being done, Martel raised his blaster and Ryoko raised their hands and began to  
fire. Some of the soldiers fell as they began to return fire, wich was haulted by Ayeka's  
forcefield. Tenchi kicked Durant hard in the stomach and ran to his friends.  
	"We have to get outta here!" He shouted as Martel and Ryoko continued to fire.  
	"I'm going to get to the car." Martel said. "You guys meet me there." Martel  
made a sharp run to the closest exit, sparks blowing as the soldiers fired at him and  
missed. Martel took two quick shots and was out the door.  
	Ryoko grabbed Ayeka and Tenchi and teleported into one of the hallways of the  
school.  
	Durant was slightly annoyed by what had happaned, but it didn't matter, he  
clicked the trigger of the detonator to start the 5 minute countdown.  

	Meanwhile at the Masaki house, the doorbell rang. Tsunami walked to the door.  
"I'm coming," She called. Meanwhile, Washu could see who was at the door and who  
had allready snuch into the house. She ran to the entrence of her lab to warn Tsunami, but  
the door was jammed, one of the soldiers had placed a jamming device that Washu had  
never seen.  
	"Damnit!" She called, just as Tsunami anwsered the door and was met by a  
tranqualizer gun.

	Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka ran as fast as they could to the first floor of the school,  
and what they saw were soldiers blocking their entrence. "There they are!" one of them  
shouted and the entire troup opened fire. Tenchi stopped himself from running and  
grabbed Ryoko and Ayeka's hands while he ran away from the guards.
	"Oh man, why does this keep on happening!?" Tenchi said. "It's the second time  
I've been chaced through the school." Suddenly, the wall next to them blew up and  
Tenchi pushed Ryoko and Ayeka away from the blast, causing them to phase through the  
wall and into Martels car. Tenchi was now alone. "Damn!" he yelled as he saw more  
soldiers coming his way. Tenchi began to run faster and faster, trying to make his way to  
the roof, his only place of salvation.  
Tenchi ran and ran until he finally made it to the door to the roof. He opened it,  
and slammed it behind him and he layed his body against the door so he could rest. But  
then Tenchi realized the 30 or so guards and Durant pointing their guns at Tenchi. "The  
game ends here Jurai." Durant said. Tenchi finally noticed many large objects hovering in  
the sky. Battle ships, each the size of Ryo-Oki. Durant took notice of Tenchi's sudden  
state of Shock. "Magnificent, arent they." He said. "It's the start of a new empire run by  
the all mighty Savalon." Tenchi's eyebrow raised. Who the hell is Savalon, Tenchi  
thought. Durant continued. "I might let you live Jurai, but that would spoil my revenge.  
Walk over to that side of the roof." Tenchi put his hand behind his head and walked over  
to the edge of the roof. "This is what I want you to do." Durant began. "I want you to  
jump of this roof. If by some chance you survive, you might want to hurry home to make  
sure its still there." Tenchi's mouth opened in shock. Sasami? Mayuka? Tsunami?  
Everybody? What happened.  
"What If I refuse?" Tenchi asked, trying to by himself some time. Trying to find  
out what Durant wanted.
"Then you become swise cheese." Tenchi looked over the edge and noticed that  
he might survive thanks to a certain factor. Tenchi stood closer to the edge.
"I'll take option number 1." And with that, Tenchi jumped of the roof and landed  
in Ryoko's Arms, on the roof of the van.  
"Drive Martel!" Ryoko yelled. Martel stepped on the gas as Ryoko and Tenchi  
phased through the roof and into their seats.  
Durant just watched with an angry face, full of loathing. But then Durant smiled  
and held a radio to his head as the soldiers quickly exitted the soon demolished school.  
"Everything is going acording to plan." He said Just as the School blew up.

The Van drove above the speed limit and nobody cared, for everybody was more  
worried about the invasion. Tenchi and Ayeka sat in the back while Ryoko and had  
Shotgun.  
The car was 5 blocks away when the school exploded, Tenchi looked back and  
had a sweatdrop. "Ah man," The Prince began, "Now I'm never going to graduate."  
Martel got a little ticked, but he couldn't help it.
"Ok, questions." He began. "Just who the Hell was that guy?" Tenchi looked back  
at Martel.
"Remember the Guy I fought on the desert planet," Tenchi began, "That was  
Durant."  
"But wasn't he killed on that planet?" Ayeka asked.
"I thought so," Tenchi began, "But I guess he's back, with some friends." Tenchi  
looked back at the explosion. "Just who were those guys and why was Druant talking  
about the former great Juraian Empire?" Tenchi asked.  
"I don't know about what Durant said," Martel began. "But those soldiers are  
deffinently Veronian."
"Something very bad mustve happened. "Ryoko said." Tenchi nodded in  
agreement. Then he remembered what Durant said on the roof.
"SHIT!" Tenchi yelled. Ryoko and Ayeka looked at him with questionable  
glances. Tenchi leaned forward so Martel could see him. "Martel go faster."
"Why?" Martel asked.  
"Because, before I jumped of the roof , Durant said that We should hurry home."  
Tenchi began to sweat. "They mustve gone after Sasami and the others!" Martel instantly  
threw the car into second gear and speed through the streets.

	The Yagami raced through the galaxy, dodgeing meteor and ship alike, trying to  
get to the earth as fast as possible. "Kyone," Mihoshi began. "We're almost to Earth."  
Kyone looked at her partner.
	"Good." The sooner we get there, the better." Kyone returned her eyes at the stars  
before her. The vast, endless space. It was full of Ships, all flying in different directions  
at incredible speeds, thanks to the crazyness that is the new Empire. Kyone sudenly  
jerked the ship to a halt as she saw a familier ship outside the Yagami, heading to Earth  
as well. "Look!" Kyone said, pointing at the ship." Mihoshi looked over at it.
	"That's the Outlander!" Mihoshi exclaimed "Darla!" Mihoshi was happy to see  
the little ship, as was Kyone.
	"I'm going to call her." Kyone said as she activated the comm. Equipment. "Hey  
Darla." She said into the comm.  
	"Kyone!" Darla shouted. "Its good to see somebody I know in all this madness."
	"Same here," Mihoshi said. Kyone looked over at her partner and nodded, then  
she turned to the comm.
	"So, were you heading? Earth?" Kyone asked.
	"Yeah." Darla said. "We need to find the others and warn them." Darla looked  
down at the feul meater on her consule. "Hey, I'm going to dock in your hanger. I'm low  
on feul and we're goin the same way anyway, so why not." Kyone agreed.
	"Sure, come on over." Kyone said. Darla was deffinently happy. In a time of  
crisis, its always best to be with friends and family.

	Asuza sat in a luxery Cell for important, diplomatic prisoners. He sat on a chair  
that jutted out from the wall while he awaited his two wives for he knew that they were  
caught too.  
Asuza was weary. He has yet to gain a decent amount of sleep in a long time.  
Ever since his Senetors turned their backs to him, and favored Savalon, the new voice of  
authority in the Universe. Asuza hated the fact. For generations, he had lead his people  
into prosparity, and look how they repay him. Suddenly, he looked over at and saw  
Nimoy, one of the conspirators. He was also chancelor of Veronia. "What the hell do you  
want?" Asuza said as he stared into Nimoys eyes. Nimoy almost laughed.
"What do I want?" He began. "How about the see people get their just rewards."
"What do you mean?" Asuza asked.
"Some time ago, I lived happily on Jurai as a Juraian. I had a wife and a son. Then  
Ryoko came to the planet and ravaged it like a plague and My Wife and son were killed  
while your empire did nothing but make it worse." Nimoys voice began to rise. "You Sat  
back in your comfy throne, on some paradise Planet and watched the whole thing happen.  
You used osolating shells to try to stop her, and for that, you killed inocent people. Now  
she walks free on the Earth and you don't care!" Nimoy smiled back at Asuza and he  
brushed his hair back. "This is how it should be. We needed a leader who would not hide  
from the enemy. A Just rular." And with that, Nimoy walked away.  
Asuza stared at where Nomy had just stood, not believeing what he heard, but he  
new deep in his heart that some of it was true.

Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Martel ran as fast as they could twords the house, or  
what was left. The imfimous Masaki shrine and home was burnt and broken. In front was  
a bleeding Tsunami. Tenchi ran to her and lifted her head. "Tsunami! What Happened!?"  
Tenchi asked in desperation. Tsunami's eyes were heavy from sleep and pain but she  
knew she had to answer.
"V..Veronia.Soldiers.Tenchi, they took..they took." Tsunami's eyes fell and  
she passed out. Tenchi violently shook her.
	"What did they Take!" Tenchi pleeded.
"They took Sasami." Came a voice from behind. It was Washu, holding a hurt  
Ryo-oki in her hands. Washu continued. "and Mayuka, and the Sword Tenchi and even  
lord Katsuhito."
"Why would they do that?" Ayeka asked. "Why do they need them!?"  
"We'll find out when we catch up to them," Martel began. "Come on, I stored my  
own ship in Washu's lab." The gang ran to the chared remains of the house. Washu's  
door was the only thing left standing.
Tenchi stared in awe at what had become of his house. His home. Tenchi was  
both saddened and pissed to loose one of the most important things in his life. Tenchi  
looked out into the lake and saw that the onsen was destroyed as well. Tenchi knew that  
this was also probably the last time he'll see the shrine for a long time, knowing that you  
don't just solve an intergalactic war in a couple of days.  
Washu opened the door as the gang walked into the lab. Ryoko was Carrying  
Tsunami. The gang looked at the old ship before them. When Martel was sent to first  
protect Ayeka, he had taken a "Space Taxi" so he didn't bring his ship, but when he  
moved in, he brought it and this was the first time that the gagn had laid eyes on it other  
then Washu. Martel called the ship the "Strider". A fast ship that can outrun the largest  
and smallest ships in the world. It was also very old. "What a piece of Junk." Ryoko said.
"Hey!" Martel snapped back. "This ship survived a massive asault on Kagato's  
Soja some time back. Saved my life many times. I know she's not much, but she's the  
fastest thing in the universe."  
"I still think it's a piece of junk." Ryoko comented.
"Hey," Tenchi yelled. "We don't have time for this, lets go!" And with that the  
gang pilled into the Strider.

To Be Continued.

************************************************************************

Nexodus@msn.com

Next Episode: Devil With and Hourglass
