I don't own Tenchi, Nor Will I ever. Wish I did though. It's not against the 
law to Wish.
Previously: The Council met and Tenchi will lead the search for Varge Altone

					Tenchi Muyo
				         Now and Forever
					  Episode 05
				      Following the Leader
					 By Nexodus


	Days Pass. Weeks Pass. Months pass and Kagato hasn't made his move yet. A
sense of unease has passed throughout the Coalition like a fire. Something 
was going to
happen. Something very bad was going to begin very soon.
	It worried Tenchi incredibly. Tenchi, the only person brave enough to speak 
up
during the universal council. Tenchi, the boy who would defy a godlike 
being. Tenchi
couldn't sleep at all. His worry made him more anxious then he's ever felt 
in his life.
And so, on this day marking the one-year anniversary of Kagato's rule, 
Tenchi sat
alone in an empty simulator room. A room designed to help one with their own 
fighting
skills weather it be artillery or melee. Today, it was Melee. Tenchi no 
longer needed the
blaster given to him by his friend and future brother-in-law Martel Sham. 
Today, he only
wore the suit that protected him from the entity known as Kain, and his 
Energy Sword.
The sword given to him by Washu, his future Mother-in-law. Tenchi shuddered 
at that
thought, but let it pass like it was nothing. Today, he had more important 
things to do.
Today would mark his 60th straight day training since he stood up to the 
council. His
skills have improved 100 fold. He could now strike down as many opponents as 
there
was a football team. Of course, he would never strike an actual person down. 
That's what
the simulation was for.
Tenchi stood up and attached a visor over his eye. The room became a light 
red
through Tenchi's eyes as he activated his sword and pressed a button on the 
wrist of his
battle suit. Infront of him now stood 20 wireframe warriors, each had a 
blade similar to
Tenchi's in any way. All the Wireframe Warriors looked in Tenchi's direction 
with
lifeless eyes as Tenchi began to charge at the Warriors. With a mighty leap, 
Tenchi was
airborne, flying over the Simulations and landing right in the middle. His 
sword pierced
the heart of the middle simulation as Tenchi began a broad swing, taking out 
many more
like that one. Tenchi began to move faster then a bullet as he glided 
through the enemies
and cut them down, one by one.
It came down to just him and one more Simulant. Tenchi let the simulant 
charged
first and it did so. The Simulant cleared half of the room when Tenchi's 
confidence
turned to raw fear. The simulant suddenly grew long white hair and its 
wireframe
complication was replaced with one that was pale. The Simulant turned into 
Kagato and
Tenchi panicked. Tenchi jumped back and lifted his blade up to block an 
oncoming blow
from the white haired devil.
But suddenly, Tenchi felt an electric shock as The Wireframes Blade 
completely
dodged Tenchi's blade and sliced right through Tenchi's shoulder. The 
Wireframe soldier
vanished and Tenchi felt his shoulder to find no blood or wound.
Tenchi stood up. Sweat dripping from his brow and his heart raced. Tenchi 
ripped
the visor away from his eyes and turned to meet a familiar red-haired girl.
"Washu!" Tenchi yelled. Washu looked Tenchi dead in the eye.
"Tenchi, what would you have done if that really was Kagato?" The Scientist
asked. Tenchi turned his blade off and stood straight up. Washu continued. 
"Your still
afraid, Tenchi. You've been fighting Kagato for years now and your still 
afraid of him."
Tenchi wiped his brow. Washu bent down and picked up the visor. "Tenchi." 
She began.
"You are the one who said that you would fight Kagato. Mean it." And with 
that, Washu
walked away. Tenchi followed.
"What do you mean, mean it?" He asked in a puzzling tone. Washu stopped as
they entered a large hallway in the Nostromo.
"I mean, you need to stop focusing on simulants are realize that you are not
fighting a simulated being with regular abilities. You're going to fight a 
monster who can
ripe apart this entire universe that I can't fix with a press of a button. 
The Universe is not
like your house." Tenchi looked down, defeated as Washu began to walk again.
She was right. Tenchi needed to stop playing with the ball and start using 
it right.
But every time he thinks of Kagato, he remembers His grandfather being slain 
in that
cargo hanger. He remembers the time on the Soja. He remembers the time he 
was thrown
into an Energy Nexus. And now Kagato's power since those times has doubled. 
Tenchi
wished he could just return to the days when it was just him and the others. 
No Durant.
No Varge Altone. No Jericho. No Kagato.
Jericho. Tenchi hadnt seen Jericho in several Weeks now. The Assasin had 
gone
back to what was left of the Cabbits Eyes to retrieve his ship. Jericho had 
been almost
nonexistant on the Nostromo, keeping to himslef, hiding in the ducts to 
escape society.
Tenchi knew that, but he didn't know what was going on in that mans head. 
Was it
hatred, or longing? Tenchi had heard a story told by Kyone about Jericho. 
How Jericho
and Kyone were once together. But that was in the past. Or was it. Who knows 
what this
war would bring to anybody.

Washu, Funaho, and Tsunami all sat around a table in the massive garden on 
the
Nostromo. After all, the Nostromo wasn't meant for battle, it was just a 
large cruiser,
nothing more, nothing less.
Mixed thoughts circled throughout the three women as they began to talk 
about
the coming Events. Washu broke the news about Tenchi's inability to fight 
even a
shadow of Kagato. "His fear will cripple him." Washu began. "You know what 
will
happen if he cannot perform." Tsunami and Funaho nodded as a server droid 
brought
them cups of hot tea. Funaho took a sip.
"If he cannot fight Kagato," Funaho began. "This universe is doomed. The 
armies
of Kagato would forever march across the universe and shape it into a 
universe of hate,
pain, and greed. It would be the end of all of use." Tsunami began to speak.
"Still, I have much faith in Guardian Tenchi." The Goddess began. "He will 
fight
and he will succeed where many have failed. Varge Altone will be gone and he 
will be
victorious." Funaho and Washu looked at the goddess in puzzlement as Tsunami 
took a
sip of tea.
"How do you say that?" Funaho began. Tsunami just looked at them with a 
smile
and Washu immediately recognized what she meant.
"You believe Tenchi will become a Sovren." Washu stated. "That he will 
finish
the tests he started and wield full control of the Light Hawk Wings in that 
Tomb!"
Tsunami nodded.
"But he would have to pass the tests of Courage and strength." Funaho began.
"He didn't do to well in those tests." Tsunami shook her head.
"But he will succeed where others have failed. I feel it, and so should you. 
His
mother was strong, his Grandfather was strong, even his father was strong. 
He comes
from a mighty bloodline and like his grandfather, will fight the name of 
Takel and bring
justice and peace to the Universe."
"What about Ryoko?" Funaho asked. "Hasn't she used the Light Hawk Wings as
well?" Washu nodded.
"Six Wings. All together. She was able to best Kagato with them, but when he
gains Varge Altones power, I'm afraid even my daughter wont be able to win." 
Washu
took a drink of her tea. "But great power isn't easily controlled. If she 
were to use the
wings again, it could kill her and Tenchi." Tsunami dropped her cup and 
Funaho stared at
the scientist with wide eyes"
	"You cant be serious!!" She said. Washu nodded.
"Tenchi and Ryoko are linked together with love and power. If one dies, the 
other
wont, but if Ryoko uses the Light Hawk Wings when Tenchi uses them, and he 
will, the
result would be the 9 wings of Jurai. The 9 wings would burn their users and 
they would
die. It is sad." Tsunami picked up her cup and refilled it.
"Two Lovers, dying in a Ring of Fire. Holding each other for all time." 
Tsunami
said. Funaho agreed.
"We must warn them of that threat." Funaho said.
"Already been done." Washu began. "I informed them quite a while ago."
Funaho looked at the interstellar Time Unit on the far wall. "Well, I am 
going to
retire for the night. See you tomorrow." She left and Tsunami and Washu 
parted ways.

Asuza sat alone in the upper observatory above the garden. To his left sat 
Martial
Lockhart and to his right sat Martial Anderson. They had been debating over 
many things
for many hours, but their subject kept coming to Tenchi.
"Why do you put your faith in a boy?" Lockhart began. "Is it not true that 
you
were against him being of the Jurai Royal Family." Asuza nodded
"I was, but things change. He has proven to me that he is very well capable 
of
being Emperor if he was ever given a chance. His powers are growing and he 
will soon
be able to control the Wings of the Light Hawk. It is only a moment of 
time." Asuza
paused as he looked out into space. "I am getting old." He began. "I wasn't 
even Emperor
during the first assault on Varge Altone, I was just a young man, slightly 
older then
Tenchi. Yosho, my one and only son was 12 years old, yet he defeated Saren 
in hand to
hand combat. That thought never stops amazing me. What I am saying is that 
soon, both
empires of Jurai and Veronia will fad, as empires do, and we, the leaders of 
old, will fade
away with them. Tenchi, my daughters, Washu's Children, your daughter, 
Mihoshi, and
others are the next generation. They will lead this universe after we 
leave." A tear slide
down Azusa's cheek as he finished. Anderson saw this.
"The Emperor sheds a tear?" he asked. Asuza nodded.
"We are given much time, but that is still not enough. It saddens me that I 
will fall
one of these days, but I cannot stop that." Suddenly, the main door to the 
observatory
opened and Captain Saven walked in.
"Forgive my intrusion you Excellencies, but I have word that Kagato has 
finally
begun to move." Lockhart nodded.
"Send a message to those who chose to follow. Tell them that they are to 
meet
infront of the Strider and prepare to leave at noon tomorrow." Lockhart 
said. Saven
bowed and left.

The Imperial Fleet hovered above the planet of Veronia in all its glory. 30
command ships, each housing 200 single fighters. At the head of the fleet 
was the Exeter.
At the Exeter's Helm sat the emperor himself. Emperor Kagato smiled as he 
looked upon
the titanic fleet in all its glory. The Fleet was fueling up and loading the 
last of the
supplies before it began its mighty Pilgrimage in two days. Two days away 
from Kagato
finally leaving and claiming his birthright.

Kyone sat alone in the garden watching the sun move around a nearby planet. 
She
was dressed in her Galaxy Police uniform. She was lost in thought as she 
stared at the
beautiful tapestry that covered the horizon in beautiful yellow, red, and 
orange.
Tomorrow would mark the day that they leave and follow Kagato, and she could 
not
believe that Jericho was going with them. She didn't know why, but she felt 
both scared
and happy that he was coming. It made her happy because, somewhere in her 
heart, she
loved him. It also scared her that he might turn on them, or try to kill 
Tenchi and Ryoko,
or abandon them. Suddenly she felt a hand on her shoulder and she turned 
around real
quick. The figure that stood before her was clad in an old Galaxy Police 
uniform. A
Uniform she hadn't seen in a long time. On his belt hung a Juraian 
doublesided energy
saber. The man was clean-, and had his red hair combed back to look like 
Tenchi's. It
was Jericho. "What.Why are you dressed like this?" Kyone asked. Jericho 
smiled and
lowered his eyes and looked upon the stars.
	"Do you remember the night we met?" He asked. Kyone looked at him in shock
as he asked this. He was being sincere.
	"I do." She began. "It was at the Academy dance. We looked into each others
eyes like Romeo and Juliet did." Kyone looked into his eyes. "Why do you 
ask?" Jericho
sat down on the bench and dragged Kyone with him.
	"I don't know." He began. "Ever since I was young, I hated and didn't trust
anybody. I became an assassin, taking lives for a profit. And then, one day 
at a party, I
looked across the dance hall and spotted the most beautiful woman I ever 
saw. She had
teal hair and was wearing a beautiful gown. I met this girl and fell in 
love. Then I was
assigned to kill her father. It scared me, a lot that I would be hurting 
this beautiful girl
indirectly, but I did it. Ever since then, I couldn't look at another person 
the same way.
Killing became harder and I would cry in my sleep. Then I met a man named 
Tenchi
Masaki and copied his memories. These memories taught me that love is a 
terrible thing
to waste, and that I should go back to the girl of my dreams. I tried to 
forget them, but
them, but I couldn't walk away this time. At a hospital, I saw the girl of 
my dreams once
again. I wanted to embrace her then and there. To tell her how sorry I felt 
and that I was a
fool to kill her father. But instead, I walked away." Jericho looked into 
Kyone's eyes as
tears streamed down his cheeks. "I..was a fool Kyone. The biggest fool in 
the universe.
I should've walked away and went to you, but I didn't. I was a fool." Kyone 
embraced
Jericho and held him tight. Tears were falling down her cheeks, as was 
Jerichos.
	"Its ok." She said. "Jericho, its ok. You did what you had to do." Kyone 
looked
into Jericho's eyes. The ferocity was gone. Had he been soul searching all 
this time?
Jericho looked almost exactly like the way he did, all the way back in her 
academy days.
He was still gruff, but sweet. He had changed. He looked deep into Kyones 
eyes, his
hands touched hers.
	"For so long, I have wanted to do this." He moved closer to her and their 
lips
touched for the first time in a long time.

	The gang stood infront of the Strider, awaiting Asuza's arrival and their 
plan of
action. The Strider looked slightly different, with larger engines. That was 
the only
difference Tenchi could point out.
	Asuza came walking out with Washu and his queens. He stood before them and
began to speak. "Today," He began. "You will leave for Veronia to keep watch 
over
Kagato and his armada. We have just heard that the fleet is one day away 
from beginning
their pilgrimage. A long pilgrimage, but it could be as long as 1 week to 3 
years, but
knowing Kagato, it he will want to make up for lost time." Asuza pointed to 
they Strider.
"You will take the Strider. A fine ship. It has been modified thanks to 
Washu. Its shields
can deflect torpedo attacks, but there would still be damage. Its engines 
have been
designed to carry no noise, making it a silent bird of pray. Its cloaking 
device has been
completely repaired, giving you an advantage. But we had to remove the 
weapon system,
save two laser cannons. But your mission is stealth. You will send us a 
message every
Juraian standard day. This message will include the coordinates of where you 
currently
are. We will then move to that site and await the next message. It will be a 
long journey,
but if we succeed, we will have an even longer vacation."
Tenchi smiled at this thought. He needed a vacation. The last several years 
have
been crazy. First there was the first year when he freed Ryoko. Then there 
was the year
where he fought Kain and Yuzuha, then last year, his fight with Durant and 
Jericho, not
to mention the dreams. Now it's a year after that and he's involved in a 
war. He needed a
long holiday.
Asuza nodded to all of them. "I want you all to know that you are our 
flaming
sword of Damocles. You are our first strike. Any other war, this would have 
to be
needed, but this is a different kind of war. This is a race for the most 
holiest of lands.
Varge Altone cannot fall into the hands of Kagato. Godspeed." And with that, 
everybody
turned and began to walk up the ramp carrying whatever luggage they are 
taking.
The Ramp began to close as Ryo-Oki came running towards the ship. The little
cabbit phased through the ramp and made it onto the ship.

As Tenchi sat down on the bridge of the Strider, he looked out the viewport 
one
last time to look at what was once called home to many before Tenchi. Tenchi 
looked at
all the soldiers and technicians and politicians who stood in that hanger. 
Hundreds
saluting him like he was their only hope. Like he was the only person who 
could fight the
devil Kagato. And He was. These people have put their lives in the hands of 
a boy. It was
funny, Tenchi thought. It couldn't be a coincidence that he is following in 
his
grandfathers footsteps, same with Kagato following in his own fathers 
footsteps.
Tenchi had to fight, for all those people in the hanger. For all those 
people on all
those planets in all those galaxies. For all those people who are yet to be 
born. Tenchi
saluted the people in the hanger, as he gripped his saber with all his 
might. It was time to
grow up, and forever wasn't going to catch up with him.

Sasami woke from a deep long dream. A dream reminiscent to the dreams she 
had
when She and Tsunami were one. It was a cold, dark dream that lasted for 
what felt like
an eternity. In the dream, she saw Pyramids, Ancient Powerful Weapons, and 
An Endless
pit of despair. But now she was awake and in an elegant room, similar to the 
one she slept
in when she was on Jurai. It was large, with a massive bed that she now lay 
upon. Sasami
sat up and noticed that she was not alone. Sitting at a desk in the corner 
was Mayuka,
Tenchi's daughter.
"Mayuka!" Sasami called out as she got out of bed. Mayuka turned to see her
friend out of bed running toward her. Mayuka, instead of wearing her 
curious, playful
face, had a face full of fear and seriousness. Sasami stopped and looked at 
her friend in a
puzzled look. "What's wrong?" Sasami asked.
"Do you know how long we have been asleep?" Mayuka asked the Princess.
Sasami didn't answer. Mayuka continued. "We were asleep for 14 months." 
Sasami
couldn't believe it. Mayuka handed Sasami a small data pad that she held. 
Sasami
couldn't believe it, 14 months? How could that be?
"How could that be?" Sasami asked in a startled tone. Mayuka shook her head.
"I don't know." Mayuka said.
"I do know." Came a voice. Sasami and Mayuka turned to see Kagato standing 
in
the doorway. Sasami's eyes widened in terror when she saw him. Kagato 
continued.
"You have been in suspended animation for 14 months while we prepared for 
the grand
pilgrimage to Varge Altone, or at least, the location of the map which can 
only be opened
by two girls, pure of heart and with the blood of Jurai and Veronia." Sasami 
spoke up.
"But we don't have Veronian blood." She yelled.
"You don't, but she does." Kagato said as he pointed towards Mayuka. "Yuzuha
was half Veronian." This news certainly surprised both girls. Kagato 
continued. "Well,
May we continue this conversation some other time, I have an Empire to run." 
And with
that, he left a very surprised Sasami and Mayuka alone.

Mihoshi was angered and sad when she returned to the Nostromo. She had 
missed
her friends almost completely and was left out of the mission to follow 
Kagato. They
were her friends and nobody else's.
Mihoshi stood in the same garden with her grand father. Time Matures 
everything
and that description could best be used to describe the once cheerful 
Mihoshi. After the
rest of the gang first arrived at the Nostromo, she was out commanding 
several armies
thanks to her rank. Mihoshi was promoted to General and began to fight the 
fight against
the Veronian Empire. Mihoshi saw many die in battle and discovered the dark 
truth to all
the universe. Life wasn't always fun. It was a sad realization for the 
blond-haired girl.
She witnessed many deaths and almost had a mental breakdown thanks to those
experiences that no one who loved life so much should experience. War was 
hell, and
Mihoshi spent many nights crying her to sleep.
Mihoshi now wore her blond hair down; no longer in the perky ponytail it 
once
was in. maybe one of these days, but not now. Not for a while.
"I should've been at the meeting, grandpa." Mihoshi began. "I should've been
with my friends." Martial Anderson shook his head to his grand daughter's 
words.
"I am sorry, Mihoshi, but they must go alone. I don't want you in the path 
of
Kagato. He will kill, and they have decided to fight for everybody. I'm 
sorry I kept you
away from the meeting with duties, but your are more useful as a pilot and a 
general.
Their fight is still big, but so is ours. Kagato has the entire Veronian 
Armada on his side,
not to mention the power he will wield if he takes Varge Altone." Mihoshi 
continued to
cry, but she nodded her head.

Ryoko sat in the same spot Tenchi once sat, gazing into the stars, wondering 
what
they will bring, as Tenchi did. What Ryoko did know was that Tenchi was 
silently
watching her from the doorway, worried about something, deeply worried about
something.
"You can come in, you know." Ryoko said as she watched the stars silently 
slide
by in e beautiful mix of white and blue. Tenchi almost gulped at her 
acknowledging that
he was there. Tenchi walked into the tiny observatory and sat cross-legged 
next to Ryoko.
They both sat there, silently watching the stars pass before Tenchi spoke.
"Ryoko?" Tenchi said as their eyes met.
"What?" Ryoko asked. Tenchi turned his gaze back at the stars.
"I'm scared." Tenchi began as he began to shake and cry at the same time. 
Ryoko
place her arm around his shoulder.
"Shh." She hushed. "What's wrong, my Tenchi?" She asked as she held him
closer.
"Kagato." He said. "I don't know if I can beat him. All those months 
training my
fighting technique. Becoming better then many can become in a lifetime, yet 
I didn't
prepare myself for what would happen during the fight with Kagato. Washu 
showed me
that. A week ago in the simulator. I was fighting several simulants, and 
then one of them
turned to Kagato. I freaked, and it defeated me. If I cant beat A Simulant 
of him, then
how can I defeat him?" Tenchi began to cry some more as Ryoko held him. She 
too was
about to cry. Tenchi continued. "I lost my Mother when I was young. Then I 
lost Dad and
Grandpa. Sasami and Mayuka were taking from me. If I cant fight, then what 
about
everybody else? I already fought him twice and lost." Ryoko held him closer.
"Tenchi." She began. "Be calm. Please be calm. Don't worry about Kagato. 
Don't
worry about what might happen. Concentrate on the now. Concentrate on what 
you are
doing now, not then. Concentrate on the fact that the woman you love the 
most is here,
right next to you, holding you and comforting you while your down. Tenchi, I 
am crying
with you like I did when your mother died. I am holding you like I did when 
I found you
alive on that planet. I love you Tenchi, please don't cry." Tenchi tried to 
stop, and stop he
did. He looked into the tear soaked eyes of Ryoko and smiled.
"God I love you." He said and they kissed.

To Be Continued..

Next Episode: The Grand Coalition

Email: Nexodus@msn.com

