I don't own Tenchi, Nor Will I ever. Wish I did though. It's not against the law to Wish.
Previously: Durant Returned and the mighty Juraian Empire fell to Savalon. Sasami,  
Mayuka, and Yosho were taken by the Universal Empire of Veronia.

Tenchi Muyo
Now and Forever
Episode 02
Devil With an Hourglass
By Nexodus

************************************************************************
		
	Yosho sat alone in a dark prison cell, not knowing what would be come of his  
fate. For years, Yosho had been known as Lord Katsuhito of the Masaki shrine. He was  
well respected in their community thanks to his vast knowledge, if only they knew he was  
the lost prince of a now fallen empire.  
	Even though Yosho didn't know what would become of him, he did know why  
and how he was taken.  
	The Empire had just begun its invasion of Planet Earth when they attacked the  
great shrine. Yosho had been prepared and knew of the oncoming attack, but even Juraian  
powers can't withstand treatery. A woman, dressed in black was at the lead of the attack.  
Her hair was long and violet, and she wore black Veronian garbs, but she was Juraian.  
Yosho knew this woman from his past and he would weep if his sister knew who she  
was.  
She proposed a trade to Yosho. She would not harm Sasami and Mayuka if he  
came along with them. It was an offer he couldn't refuse. They needed to be safe, and he  
didn't want to risk a violent fight at the shrine. It didn't matter though, for as soon as he  
was placed into a cell, the shrine burned and the spirits weeped.

The Strider rocketed into space at an amazing rate, dodging Veronian Starships.  
Tenchi sat by a near view port and stared at his home, through sad eyes. It was destroyed  
by a man he had never met before, and why? Why did this happen. Why did they want  
his sword and the Girls? Why did they want his grandfather? Tenchi was determined to  
find these answers. Tenchi stood and walked over to the table were Ryoko, Ayeka,  
Washu, and Tsunami all sat and wondered what was going on. "So what do we do now?"  
Tenchi asked. Tsunami looked downtrodden.
"Its all my fault that they were taken." She said as she sniffed back a tear. "If I  
had acted like the goddess I am, then this wouldn't have happened." Washu put a hand on  
Tsunami's shoulder.
"Hey," She began "Take it easy, its just as much my fault. If I would've made it  
to the door a second sooner, I would've stopped them, or gotten knocked out." Tenchi  
shook his head.
"You two shouldn't blame yourselves." Tenchi stated. "How were you to know  
that this was going to happen. Now, what are we going to do now?" Tenchi asked again.  
Ayeka raised her head.
"We should contact my father." She began. "He can tell us what has happened  
and why it is happening." Ryoko shook her head.
"Odds are that the Veronian Government has already imprisoned Asuza." Ryoko  
stated.  
"Well there goes that idea." Tenchi said as he rested his head in his hands, tired  
from the events that have already occurred. There was silence for a while until Washu  
decided to speak up.
"What we should do is find Kyone and Mihoshi," Washu began. "They probably  
already know of what's been going on and might clue use in." Washu turned her head  
sharply towards the Cockpit. "It would've helped if My son had a Telemontior!!!" She  
yelled. Ryo-oki started hopping around on the table, trying to brighten the moods of  
everybody. "Mya mya mya!" She said. It didn't work and Ryo-Oki joined the crew as  
they looked about in depressed ways.
Tsunami had her eyes closed, concentrating on what was happening in space. But  
thanks to her separation from Sasami, she had lost that power, and her health was getting  
worse. As Washu said, Tsunami's life span is limited without a host and once she's gone,  
Sasami will regain the Tsunami consciousness. Tsunami coughed slightly, feeling the  
effects of her dying ways.  
Washu pulled out some devises she brought with her and started playing around  
with them, building something that looked small. "Washu?" Ayeka began. "Just why are  
you doing that?" Washu looked at Ayeka with a raised eyebrow.
"Helps me think." She said. Tenchi laid down near the table so he could look out  
of a view port.  
"What about the Galaxy Police?" He began. "maybe we should contact them." All  
of a sudden, everybody's facial expressions popped up and the girls shouted in unison.
"THAT'S IT!!" They yelled. Tenchi sat up. Ryoko balled her hands into fists and  
started to wave them around.
"We need to get the Galaxy Police!" Ryoko yelled. "They have protocol for these  
kind of things."  
"Exactly!" Tsunami said. Ayeka stood up and ran to the cockpit.
"Martel!" She called Martel spun around.
"What?" He asked.
"Take use to the Galaxy Police Headquarters!" Ayeka commanded. Martel raised  
an eyebrow.  
"But Ayeka," Martel began. "That's already were we're going." Ayeka  
facefaulted

Kyone, Darla, and Mihoshi stood above the ash remains of the house, trying to  
puzzle together what happened. "What could've happened?" Darla asked as she walked  
above the ash.  
"Well I know one thing," Kyone began as she folded her arms. "Tenchi, Ryoko,  
Martel, and Ayeka weren't here when the house burned up. They were at the prom and  
Martel's car is parked with no ash on it." Mihoshi looked around.
"I don't see any bodies, so nobody was killed." Mihoshi began. "But were can  
they be?" Kyone pulled out a GP analyzer to check the area of ion field signatures, the  
kind ships leave behind.
"They could've left in a ship." Kyone began as she looked over at Darla. "Darla,  
can you fly up and get a birds eye view of the area?" She asked
"alright." Darla said as she flew into the air. Mihoshi walked around the area,  
checking grounds.  
"This place has seen so much." She began. "To have it look like this hurts the  
heart." Kyone unconsciously nodded her head to that. This place was full of memories.  
Some good, some bad. Kyone would never forget her first Christmas at the Masaki  
house. The lights and the cheer. The second one wasn't as cheerful. A light glew from the  
analyzer, signaling its finish. Kyone read the results out loud.
"According to this," Kyone began, "several ships were here other then ours. Many  
Veronian. No Ryo-Oki." Mihoshi suddenly gasped as a terrible thought entered her mind  
of what happened. Mihoshi saw everybody executed or sent to prison and she began to  
spaz. Kyone didn't feel good about the reading either, until she read the whole thing and  
smiled. "but there was on Juraian Vessel." She said. This calmed Mihoshi incredibly. "A  
Hunter class. Martel's Strider!" She exclaimed. Darla suddenly returned with her report.
"Nothing but trees and smoke." She began. "What did you find?" Kyone threw  
the analyzer to Darla.  
"Check it out for yourself." Darla read the report and smiled.
"Alright!" Darla exclaimed. "Now all we have to do is follow the signal." Kyone  
nodded.
"Let's go," Kyone said and the three girls walked towards the Yagami.

Nimoy, Durant, and a woman with dark purple hair nealed before An image of the  
new emperor, Savalon in a dark and lavish room. The room served as a council room for  
meetings, but now it was the command chamber of the Corona, the lead ship of the  
Juraian military. It now belonged to Veronia.  
Savalon spoke with authority and grace. "What are your reports, my guardians?"  
Savalon asked. The three guardians rose their heads to acknowledge their lord. Nimoy  
started first.
"My lord," He began. "We have successfully imprisoned the former Emperor of  
Jurai and his wives and have taken control of all of Jurai." Savalon smiled, his cheeks  
touching the tips of his mask. Savalon looked at the woman.
"And what of your report, Rose?" He asked. Rose nodded her head.
"We now have, in our custody, the Princesses Sasami and Mayuka, the Prince  
Yosho, and the Legendary sword Tenchi, My Lord." Rose said. "We left Tsunami to burn  
in the fires of the house and trapped the scientist Washu alone in subspace." Rose  
lowered her head to allow her lord to speak.
"You've done well, Rose." And finally, Savalon's has turned towards Durant.  
"And what of my chief officer." He asked, awaiting the news. Durant cleared his throat.
"Like our intelligence reports have stated, The Boy and the rest of his comrades  
were at the school gym. We confronted them, but they escaped." Savalon's smile turned  
to a frown.
"Escaped." Savalon began. "How could you let a couple of kid's escape!?" He  
shouted. Durant cringed at the tone of his voice. He decided it would be best to  
apologize.
"I'm sorry lord, we did not know that the Princess Ayeka could generate  
Forcefields like that." Durant said. "We should've." Savalon cut him off.
"You should've done your Job!" He shouted. "Durant, your no better then that  
upstart Jericho!! Send him to do a job and he doesn't do it, he also takes my money to  
boot! Durant, please tell me you aren't that kind of Trash Durant."
"I'm sorry My lord" Durant said. Savalon shook his head.
"Durant." He spoke in a serious tone. "I think you fail to realize just how  
dangerous that boy can be. You should know better, same as I." Durant placed his living  
hand on the lifeless machine parts that made up his other and sneered. Savalon continued.  
"Durant, I will talk to you more on the matter when I arrive." The three guardians stood  
up. Instantly in surprise. Rose spoke up.
"You're coming hear, my lord." Savalon shook his head.
"Yes. I need to have a word with Prince Yosho in person. I also want to transport  
the two girls as quickly as possible. Transmission out." And with that, Savalon  
disappeared from the screen. Nimoy glared at Durant.  
"So, the mighty warrior can't get the job done?" He said in a  laughable tone.  
Rose looked at Durant with a smile.
"Why not, its not his fault he's no Juraian." And with that, Rose and Nimoy  
walked out of the room, laughing in unison. Durant clenched his living hand into a fist.
	"I am the might Durant, all those who appose me will be trampled under my  
mighty blade." Durant opened his blue hand to find blood dripping from new wounds  
created from his fingernails. "We will see who laughs last." Durant Began. "I will show  
them I'm not to be mocked." And with that, Durant left the room.

	Tenchi sat at the window of the Strider, thinking about Durant. A ghost he left for  
dead on that Desert planet in what seemed like an eternity ago. Durant killed Ten, a boy  
that Tenchi had grown attached to on that planet. You could say that Ten was Tenchi's  
only friend on that planet and they planned on escaping it together and showing him the  
waters of earth. Tenchi stared at the stars that shined brightly in the vast nothingness that  
was outerspace, wondering what Ten would think of the fact that Durant is alive and  
more powerful then ever. Tenchi cringed at the final meeting he and Durant had before  
that complex blew up. Durant betrayed his own men and killed off the rest of his race in  
one sick execution devise. Death by piston. It made Tenchi sick.  
	Tenchi continued to look out the window until he saw a familiar looking ship just  
exit hyperspace. A Red Galaxy Police ship. The Yagami. A smile crept over Tenchi's  
face as he jumped up and shouted to the others. "Hey Guys!!" He shouted. The girls all  
turned in his direction as he pointed out the window. "It The Yagami!!" He shouted. The  
Girls crowded the window, looking at the ship heading towards them. Tsunami ran to tell  
Martel to slow down and hail the ship as the Yagami sped towards them.  
	"Martel!" Tsunami called. "it's the Yagami." Martel was one step ahead of her.  
	"I know." He began. "I'm slowing down and hailing them right now."  
	The Strider came to stop as the Yagami slowed down as well. Everybody  
crammed into the small bridge to see the message. A View screen activated and the gang  
was happy to see Kyone and Mihoshi and they were surprised to see Darla. "Hey guys."  
Kyone began. "You don't know how relieved I am to see you."  
	"Me too," Mihoshi popped up. Ryoko nodded.
	"Same here." Ryoko began. "Maybe now we can find out just what the hell is  
going on in this crazy universe." Kyone nodded.
	"We've got plenty of room in the Yagami for the Strider, Martel." Kyone said.  
"Dock with us and we'll tell you everything."  
	"Will do." Martel said.

	Yosho sat alone still in his cell, wondering were the girls had been taken to. He  
had been waiting in the holding cell of the Corona for what seemed like hours and escape  
was the only thing he could think of right now that sounded justifiable. Breaking out,  
grabbing the girls and the Sword Tenchi, and meeting with the others, but he couldn't do  
that even if he tried. The cell was perfectly made to keep him in and keep everything else  
out and there was no power he could wield that could release him.  
Yosho wondered why they had taken him and the girls and why they did not take  
the goddess Tsunami. It was a riddle Yosho truly wished he could answer, and answer it  
fast for he was very restless.  
Yosho began to pace back and forth in his cell, wondering what would be the  
means to the end in this situation when a door slide open and in walked Rose. Yosho  
looked at the woman with a detestfull and pitiful look on his face. "Hello Yosho." She  
began. "It has been many many moons since I last saw the son of Asuza." Rose paused  
and smiled. "Tell me, what of your sister?" Yosho's eyes glared at her.
"You stay away from her!" He snapped. "Ayeka is of no concern to you, you vile  
witch!" Rose shrugged of the comment.
"A witch am I." She began. "Well, Witch's are quite powerful when provoked.  
You should watch yourself, my Nephew." Yosho snapped back.
"You are not my aunt, nor have anything to do with my family!!" Yosho yelled.  
Rose turned and began to walk away.
"We shall see." Was the last thing she said before leaving, and then, Yosho was  
alone once more.

The gang sat in shock as Kyone, Darla, and Mihoshi recalled the events that  
happened to the Juraian empire and its mighty fall. Ayeka couldn't believe that she was  
now a commoner and a fugitive from now on. Tenchi shared a look of anger for his  
nemesis Durant, but he shared new anger towards the man in the golden mask, Savalon,  
the New Emperor. Ryoko sat and pondered what these events could bring to the universe  
in the future. Martel was very sad, for he had failed Princess Sasami and his emperor.  
Tenchi decided to speak up.  
"What about the Galaxy Police?" He asked. Kyone shook her head.
"they were targets of the new order as well," She began, "And now the leaders of  
the Galaxy police are scattered." Martel spoke up.
"But don't they have some kind of meeting place in case something like this  
happens!?" He asked. Mihoshi spoke up.
"They do, but it'll take at least two weeks to get there from were we are." Mihoshi  
said. Ryoko folded her arms.
"We don't have that much time," Ryoko began. "Who knows what'll happen in  
two weeks. Remember that we also have to rescue the Girls, Yosho, Asuza and his wives.  
We just can't focus solely on hooking up with the Galaxy Police, not to mention the  
Juraian rebels."  
"Well its settled," Martel Began. "We'll just have to split up." The gang all turned  
their attention towards Martel. Martel continued. "Half of us will go meet the Galaxy  
Police, the other half goes to rescue Yosho and Asuza, not to mention the girls." The  
gang all decided.
Hours went by as the gang prepared to leave on their missions. The gang drew  
straws as to find out who'd go where. Tenchi, Ayeka, Kyone, and Darla were chosen to  
go find Asuza, much to Ryoko's chagrin. The others, Martel, Tsunami, Washu, and  
Mihoshi, would go find the Galaxy Police.
Tenchi and the others began to board the Strider, being loaned to them by Martel,  
when Washu stopped Tenchi. "Wait!" She called as she ran as fast as she could. Tenchi  
stood on the entrance ramp as Washu stopped infront of him, taking some rather large  
breaths. She held in her hand a small object wrapped in cloth. "Here," She said. "A little  
something to help you on your journey." Tenchi took the clothed object and unwrapped  
it. It was a brand new Energy saber. "I figured since your god with swords and they have  
Tenchi that you would need a little tool." Tenchi nodded to her.
"Thank you, Little Washu." Tenchi said. Martel walked over to Tenchi, carrying  
an object in his hands as well.  
"Here," Martel said. Tenchi took the object and examined it. It was a blaster.
"What's this for?" Tenchi asked. Martel frowned at the stupid question.
"What do you think." He said. "Your enemies aren't going to fight you with  
knives, Tenchi. They're packing a large amount of heat, and you're the bullseye. Shoot or  
be shot." Tenchi placed the blaster in his belt as Ryoko walked over to Tenchi. Tenchi  
smiled at her and she smiled back, lovingly. Tenchi looked at Martel as Martel walked  
over to give Ayeka a present aswell. Tenchi looked back at Ryoko.
"So what present do you have for me?" Tenchi asked. Ryoko couldn't help but  
laugh. She gripped Tenchi in one of her super hugs and gave him the kiss of several  
lifetimes. After several minutes, she finally let go.  
"Come back to me." She said, in a somewhat sad voice. Tenchi nodded.
"You got it." He said and he scaled the ramp. Moments later, the Strider left the  
Yagami and towards the Corona.  

Asuza sat, lost in thought, wondering where his wives were and what would be  
come of him, when he was granted a cellmate. Yosho was thrown into the cell, directly at  
Asuza, And they both fell to in a crash. The guards walked away and Asuza and Yosho  
sat up.  
"So," Asuza began. "They even got my negligent son." Yosho brushed himself  
off.
"Not as Negligent as you, father." Yosho said. For Years, Yosho and Asuza  
haven't enjoyed each other's company for a long time, thanks to the fact that Yosho  
married a Human. But Yosho is already half Juraian, for his mother, lady Funaho is  
Human. "So the Juraian Empire has fallen?" Yosho asked. Asuza nodded his head.
"Yes," He began. "The Senators turned on me thanks to the honey, golden tipped  
tongue of Savalon. Now he owns the entire Universe in the palm of his hand."  
"I wonder." Yosho said. "Will he balance it gently, or crush it with a vise like  
grip?"
"Whatever it may be." Asuza began. "It won't be good, that's for certain." Yosho  
agreed with his father.  

To Be Continued..

Next Episode: The Man in the Golden Mask
