I don't own Tenchi, Nor Will I ever. Wish I did though. It's not against the law to Wish.
Previously: The Gang went to space and learned of the new Empire

					Tenchi Muyo
				         Now and Forever
					 Episode 03
				The Man in the Golden Mask
				            By Nexodus


	The Exeter, the largest ship in the Veronian Armada came to a halt as it  
approached the Corona. From the main dock, a large shuttlecraft flew towards the  
Corona, carrying the new emperor to meet his guardians. The ship flew with an armed  
escort of Veronian Fighters as it finally made contact with the Corona and docked in its  
mighty dock. The shuttle came to a complete stop and slowly, extending its landing gear,  
touched the floor of the mighty shipping dock. A large amount of armed guards marched  
behind the three guardians as they walked to greet their emperor. Behind the Guardians  
were two hovering stasis capsules, and in each lay one of the young girls taken from  
earth. The girls were a sleep. The ramp descended from the mouth of the ship and the  
Guardians kneeled before their lord and master. Savalon descended down the ramp,  
followed by his chief Veronian Hunters, former Juraian Hunters. Savalon was dressed  
just like a mighty emperor would. Golden rings, a beautiful cape the touched the floor.  
His clothing was purple and white and his hair flowed as black as a ravens feathers. He  
also wore the golden facemask, hiding his real face from unseen eyes.  
He reached the end of the end of the ramp and beckoned his guardians to rise  
before him. "You may rise, my friends." He said in an almost poetic tone of voice. They  
all rose as Savalon brought his gaze on the capsules. Nimoy spoke to his master.  
"The girls." He began. "The ones that you asked for, my lord." Savalon smiled as  
two guard's lead the hovering capsules towards the ramp of the shuttle. Rose smiled.
"And the Sword of Yosho, my lord." She said, moving her left arm in the  
direction of a solder, carrying the sword in both his hands and presented it two Savalon.  
Savalon took the sword and placed it in his belt. During the split second that his arms  
were revealed, Durant saw for the very first time, the legendary master Keys of Jurai and  
Veronia. A Source of great power, the keys mesmerized Durant with their elegance and  
power.
"Good." Savalon said. "Very very good. You please your master well. And were  
is Yosho?" Durant broke away from his trance and spoke up.
"Yosho is in a detention cell, my emperor." He began. "He will be brought to you  
at once." Savalon smiled and began to walk past the many guards and his guardians  
followed.

Ryoko sat in the Yagami's bridge, watching the stars fly by as they flew towards  
the Galaxy Police emergency shelter, were ever that was. Mihoshi was at the controls, but  
prior to contrary belief, Even though she is a klutz, she's a genius at piloting. She has 
to  
be, by far, the greatest pilot in the universe.  
Ryoko continued to gaze at the stars as they whizzed by. Martel came up behind  
her and sat down in an empty seat next to here. "Hey." He said. Ryoko said nothing, as  
she watched the stars. Martel leaned over and placed a hand on her shoulder. "Hey," He  
began, "Don't worry about him, if he can survive several months on a Desert planet, then  
he can survive anything. Don't worry." Ryoko placed her hand on Martel's as she looked  
at him.  
"It's not that." She said. Martel raised an eyebrow.
"Then what is it Sis?" He asked. Ryoko closed her eyes.  
"Something just doesn't feel right." She said. "Something's going to happen. I  
just feel it, and I don't like it."  Martel frowned.
"Well don't worry," He began. "You're with Family. Family sticks together."  
And with that Martel stood up and walked away and Ryoko brought her gaze back to the  
stars.

Tenchi stood in the small cargo bay of the Strider, wielding his new energy blade.  
It was actually lighter then sword Tenchi when it was activated, making it easier for  
Tenchi to wield when needed. Tucked behind his belt on his back was the blaster that  
Martel had given to him as a good luck gift. Tenchi was hoping against hope that the  
need to use such a weapon will never happen.  
Tenchi swung the blade, to and fro, left and right, getting the true feel. Tenchi had  
used blades before this one. His extensive training under his grandfather helped him  
master the art of the blade very fast, and Tenchi also knew the complete Juraian fighting  
style. But right now, Tenchi wished he knew the Veronian style as well.
Kyone popped up on the comm. "Tenchi, get up here. We're approaching the  
Corona." Tenchi turned his new sword, named fury, and hung the handle from his belt as  
he ran to the small bridge.  
When Tenchi arrived, he saw not one, but two ships. One was the Corona, the  
other he had no idea. Darla spoke up.
"That's the Exeter." She said. Ayeka placed a hand over her mouth.
"The super Veronian battle ship!!" Ayeka said. Kyone nodded.
"That's it." Kyone began. "This just complicates matters even more." Kyone  
reached over and turned a switch up. "Thank god that this ship has a cloaking devise."  
Kyone said as the ship vanished into thin space.

Yosho was brought to a large and lavish thrown room. It was decorated with  
many tapestries and beautiful art, much like Juraian. Yosho's arms were cuffed together  
behind his back as he was taken to the room. Infront of Yosho was a large set of stairs,  
leading to a mighty thrown at the top. Behind the thrown was nothing but dark, but  
Yosho could've sworn he saw movement in the shadows.  
Yosho stood there, in the middle of the room, surrounded by guards and three  
people who seemed to be the leaders of the empire due to their outfits. One was Rose.  
The room was silent, so Yosho spoke up. "Just exactly why the hell I'm here?" He said,  
in a gruff voice. "And why did you take the girls and where are they?" Nobody answered  
and Yosho was getting impatient. "WHY AM I HERE!!" He yelled.
"Have you ever heard of Varge Altone?" Came a voice and Yosho's heart  
stopped. He looked up at the shadows of the thrown and out emerged a man, dressed in a  
long red cape with gold linings. His dark hair was tied back and his cape covered most of  
his body, but Yosho could still feel some sort of menacing power coming from him. The  
man wore a golden facemask, covering most of his face. This man and his simple  
question froze Yosho in terror. Varge Altone. A land that Yosho almost forgot. The man  
in the mask snapped his fingers and the guards and Rose walked away from the room,  
leaving just Yosho and cloaked figure. "Hmm," The masked man began. "Looks like you  
do remember." Yosho collected his thoughts.
"Who are you and what do you know of Varge Altone?" Yosho asked, sternly.  
The man laughed a little as he began to walk around Yosho.
"Varge Altone." He began. "Center point, the Promised Land, The Alpha. I know  
of it well. 5000 years ago, a man named Saren Takel wanted Varge Altone and you  
wouldn't let him have it. You stopped his army and locked the map to Varge Altone in a  
blood lock. To open it, I need the key and your death." The man swung back his cape  
revealing the sword Tenchi in his belt. But what made Yosho's eyes widen was the fact  
that the man was wearing both keys of both empires. The one that Kagato took for his  
own and the one of Veronia. The man took notice of this. "I see that you notice Savalon's  
toys." Yosho had a name for the man now, Savalon. A despicable name for a rotten man.  
"Did you take the key of Jurai from the arm of a corpse?" Yosho asked. Savalon  
smiled.
"That, Yosho, is a different story," He began. "I would like to finish the story I  
am talking of right now. Before Saren died, he promised that his son would one day reek  
havoc across the universe and reclaim Varge Altone." Savalon got real close to Yosho  
and stared into the prince's eyes. "My name," He began. "Is Savalon Takel."
Yosho's eyes widened as the words sunk in. Takel. Savalon's the son of Saren.
"I won't kill you now." Savalon said, taking a step back. "I need live bait for a  
couple of bothersome flies." Yosho's eyes stayed wide with fear, but then they turned to  
eyes of hatred and anger.  
"You will never win, son of Saren." He said in a voice filled with anger and  
hatred. "Varge Altone will forever remain out of your evil grasp." Savalon backhanded  
Yosho with enough strength to break brick. Blood dripped from Yosho's mouth. Guards  
walked into the room as Savalon spoke.
"Prepare this trash and the former Emperor for a trip to the Exeter." Savalon said.  
"I will remain here, waiting for the boy and his comrades." The guards grabbed Yosho by  
the shoulders and carried him away as Savalon watched then go. Savalon was going to  
deeply enjoy what he had planned.

The Strider flew as close as possible without the two ships colliding, so it could  
hide its energy signature in the Coronas signature. The Strider flew across the Coronas  
belly at a slow speed as it came to a stop.  
Kyone looked over at Darla and nodded her head. "Ok Darla." She began. "It's all  
in your hands now." Darla nodded and she placed her hands on Tenchi and Ayeka's  
Shoulders. Kyone grabbed Tenchi's hand and Darla phased through the roof of the ship  
and into the belly of the Corona, with Tenchi, Ayeka, and Kyone in their respected battle  
armor. They all let go and Tenchi took a step forward.
"Ok." He began. "We're in, now what?" He said. Ayeka knew the way, since she  
took a trip in the Corona many years ago. She pointed down a corridor.  
"This way." She said. Kyone stepped infront of Ayeka with her blaster drawn and  
ready.
"I'll go first." The GP officer said as she started to take long strides down the  
corridor.  
"I'll cover you." Tenchi said, igniting his energy saber with a fierce green glow.  
The four warriors walked down the corridor with a fast pace. The ship was unusually  
empty for a ship of the empire. The empty ship deeply disturbed the gang as the made  
their way down the corridor and to the right to an elevator.  
The Elevator looked like a dark and cold shaft rising into the ceiling. It was as  
black as black can be and had a large sliding door with a panel at the side. Kyone walked  
slowly to the panel and touched some keys. A light appeared above the door as the  
elevator slowly made a descent towards the gang. A very slow decent. It worried Tenchi  
at least, but he didn't know what the others felt right now.
"So, were should we go first?" Darla asked, whispering slightly so nobody would  
here.
"I don't know." The Princess of Jurai spoke softly. Kyone held her blaster firm in  
her hands, pointing towards the sliding door. She didn't want any supprisess.
"How about a control post." Kyone began. "Every ship of this design is built with  
at least three command posts. We should try for the one at the hanger. That way, we can  
make a clear escape when needed." Tenchi spoke up slightly
"But what if they are already transferred to that humongous ship that we saw?"  
Tenchi asked.  
"I don't think that has happened yet." Ayeka began. "It's more likely that they'll  
finish interrogating them and then transport them." Suddenly, the light above the 
elevator  
changed from yellow to green and the door slid open. Kyone immediately stepped in and  
checked it out. Once it looked satisfactory, she turned back towards her comrades.
"All's clear." She said. The others stepped into the elevator as quietly as possible  
and the doors slid shut.

Tsunami sat in the main bridge of the Yagami; silently watching the stars fly by.  
Ryoko had fallen asleep in her chair so she was no longer watching the spectacle outside  
the ship. Tsunami had been thinking for many many moons now about her current issues.  
Her shortening lifespan. The loss of most of her Psychic abilities. Not to mention the 
fact  
that Sasami, Yosho, and Mayuka were taken without a fight from her. Tsunami kept  
blaming herself about that situation.
Martel and Mihoshi sat at the controls of the ship as it entered a small asteroid  
field when Washu stepped into the room and sat next to Tsunami. The Scientist placed  
her hand on the once powerful goddess.  
	"What's wrong?" She asked. "Dwelling on more then you should." Tsunami  
looked at the scientist and smiled. Washu sat down and looked at the goddess with a  
smile. "You shouldn't worry about things like this." She began. "You can't help yourself  
by dwelling on your mistakes and misfortunes and coming up with different answers.  
You should think about what you can do to make yourself better." Tsunami nodded.
	"Your right." She said. Washu grinned uncontrollably.
	"Of course I'm right." She said. "I am the number one genius scientist in the  
universe." Tsunami and Mihoshi couldn't help but laugh. Martel just grew a sweat drop.  
	As Tsunami laughed, a sudden pain attacked her stomach and a sense she thought  
had left her had returned. The goddess saw pain and suffering and it recipients of that  
pain was Tenchi and the others. Tsunami fell out of her Chair as Martel jumped out of his  
seat and ran to the goddess. Ryoko, now awake. Dropped to her knees and helped  
Tsunami up. Tsunami clutched both her stomach and her head as she sat back in her  
chair. Sweet was now evident on her brow.  
	"What happened?" Washu asked. Tsunami was gasping as she spoke.
	"I saw..I Saw Tenchi." She said. All attention was now set on the goddess.  
"Tenchi and the others. They were in pain. I saw blood and heard screams." Ryoko stood  
up instantly.
	"Tenchi." She called out. She Grabbed Ryo-Oki and threw the Cabbit out into  
Space. "Come Ryo-Oki!" She called. "We fly." Ryoko teleported into Ryo-Oki and the  
great Cabbit meowed as it soared through space towards the Corona.

	The Elevator rose very very slowly. Too slowly. It was annoying Tenchi very  
much. "Come on, can this hung of junk go any faster?" Tenchi said. Darla sussed him.
	"Would you rather have it that we were going at mach 5 an crashing into the  
ceiling and into deep space?" She said.
	"Point taken." Tenchi said. Tenchi felt both anxious and nervous. He knew that  
somewhere on the ship was Durant. Tenchi loathed him as vile incarnate. A despicable  
man who eradicated his entire species for a resource. Not to mention that he murdered  
Ten. Tenchi Missed Ten. Ten was like a brother to Tenchi. They lived through a lot and  
then Durant took Ten's short life. Tenchi snapped out of thought when Kyone spoke up.  
	"The elevators almost there." Kyone began. "Say your prayers and hope that  
this'll go easy." Tenchi closed his eyes and whispered a prayer as he ignited his energy  
blade. A light above the shaft door glow a bright yellow as the doors slide open and 
Darla  
and Kyone focused their aim outside the door. Darla didn't need a weapon thanks to the  
fact that her powers mimicked Ryoko's in every way, save the six light hawk wings that  
Ryoko has only used once.  
The Doors opened into a large hall that mimicked a throne room by every point.  
There were tapestries, a throne, and a large staircase leading to the throne and many  
doors. In the center of the room, Darla could notice a small blood stain, not even an 
hour  
old.  
They gang moved toward the center of the room, watching for any hidden dangers  
like cameras or inferred sensors.  
"Looks like we got off sooner then was expected." Ayeka said as Darla kneeled  
down the check the bloodstain. It easily rubbed onto her glove, proving that it was no  
more then an hour old.  
"Any Idea what species that belongs to Darla?" Kyone asked as she checked  
around the room. Darla brought the blood to her tongue, slightly discussing the Princess  
Ayeka. Darla stood up and looked over at Tenchi.
"Its Juraian." She said.  
"How can you tell?" Tenchi asked.  
"Juraian blood is slightly saltier then any other basic species." She began. "Washu  
taught me that among other things during my reconstruction and biological  
transgression."
Kyone walked back to the others. "Well atleast we know that either Yosho or  
Asuza was in here earlier. I'm pretty sure that they would've cleaned up any mess that  
the Juraian officers would've caused in a firefight."  

Little did they know that a small surveillance room located on the upper deck of  
the ship had watched their every move. Durant watched the whole show with a gleam in  
his eye, paying special attention to Tenchi. Durant began to mumble outloud.  
"So Jurai." He began. "Dressed in the same jumpsuit you wore when you fought  
me all those many months ago. You've come, not only to take my other arm, but to take  
my head as well. I can see it in your eyes. Your hatred and loathing of me." The guards  
around Durant were confused by what their superior officer was mumbling. Durant was  
in like a trance, his every thought directed solely at Tenchi. If he had the power, his 
gaze  
would melt a hole right through Tenchi.  
Durant finally was brought to his senses as he looked at the troops. "What are you  
waiting for, go get them. But the boss wants them alive, no excuses. If even one of them  
is killed, I'll personally have your heads. Once they're taken, they are to be 
transported to  
the Exeter." The Guards Simultaneously nodded and went their way, leaving Durant  
alone.

Suddenly, the room turned bright red and an alarm sounded. "Shit!" Kyone  
exclaimed as she moved to one of the pillars to protect herself. Darla ran over to Kyone  
and Tenchi and Ayeka ran to the other pillar. "What the hell!" Kyone yelled.  
	"We must've tripped an alarm." Ayeka said. They all looked at Tenchi.
"Hey, don't look at me, I didn't do it." The main entrance before them suddenly  
spark as it blew open and Veronian stormtroopers ran into the room, firing their blasters  
at full power. Tenchi disengaged his saber and pulled out his gun. "Man, I wish Martel  
was wrong." He said as he took aim and fired. Tenchi's first shot took out a nearby  
soldier, hitting him right between the eyes. Kyone and Darla both began to fire, hitting  
multiple targets as they joined Tenchi in the battle. Ayeka generated her energy shield 
to  
protect them from the barrage as energy spewed into the room.
The enemy fire turned into a blaze of energy as more troops showed up. The  
Pillars became light and slightly melted as the burnt energy fried holes into them. If 
the  
enemy kept this up, then they would be dead. Ayeka began to shout.
"I Cant keep This up." She yelled as her forcefield began to waver. "If they don't  
stop, We're going to die!"  
Suddenly, they felt cold metal touching their backs. "Freeze." Came a voice. They  
turned around with their hands above their heads and saw Durant with another 12 guards.  
"Drop your weapons or we'll fire." Kyone had no choice; she dropped her pistol, as did  
Tenchi. Tenchi also dropped his sword. Durant directed a guard. "Put a neutralizer on the  
dark-haired one." He commanded. The guard produced a collar from his belt and attached  
it to Darla's Neck. Durant turned his attention to Tenchi. "Well Jurai." He Began. "Looks  
like you're a prisoner of war." Tenchi just stared into Durants only functional eye with  
anger.
"What are you going to do with us?" Ayeka asked. Durant directed his single  
living eye towards the princess.
"My dear, you're to be escorted to the Exeter where you will have a brief family  
reunion before you all die." The guards cuffed the gang's hands behind their back and  
lead them down a long corridor. Tenchi all the while kept his keen eyesight focused on  
the last of the Shinata.

The Yagami made its way through space as it came upon a large fleet of ships not  
unlike the Yagami. The Galaxy Police Armada. But it didn't look like an armada. It  
looked more like a ghost yard for ships. Many ships were servicing each other as they  
tried to repair damage. The damage had apparently came from a large-scale battle with  
enemy ships. Mihoshi was devastated by the image she saw of the once mighty fleet.  
Especially the Central Command ship that her Grandfather commands. Marshal  
Anderson. She missed Her grandfather more then anybody. Suddenly the Comm  
equipment blinked and a Galaxy Police officer appeared. "Yagami, please state your  
business." Mihoshi spoke up.
"I'm here to see my Grandfather." She began, acting very unlike her normal  
clumsy, ditzy self. The Officer at the other end spoke up.
"Please state your access code, Detective Mihoshi." Mihoshi nodded and thought  
to herself for a minute.  
"Lets see..uh...There was an old woman who lived in a shoe?" She said. The  
officer nodded.
"Code confirmed, The Marshal has been waiting for you, Detective Mihoshi. You  
are to dock at the Central Command Ship Nostromo. That is all." And the message went  
blank. Martel sat back.
"Its about time we got here." He said as he nodded his head back. Mihoshi  
nodded.
"I can't wait to see my grandpa." She began. "I just wanna give him a big huge!"  
Martel almost facefaulted.  
Well, Martel thought. Looks like she can't change forever. The Yagami slowly  
made its way to the massive command ship Nostromo. Martel looked of the main view  
port at the dock and he could see the grand martial waiting for them.  
The ship docked without a problem and the boarding ramp descended onto the  
docks floor. Mihoshi immediately dashed down the ramp toward the Martial.  
"Grandpa!!" She yelled in joy as she slowed herself down and gave him a hug.  
Martial Anderson accepted the embrace.
"Oh my little Hoshi." He said in a joyful tone. "My how you've grown." He said  
as he stepped back to look at his grand daughter. Martel came behind Mihoshi and  
saluted the Martial.  
"I am First Class Hunter Martel Sham." He said in a very strong voice. I have  
escorted the Goddess Tsunami here." Martel broke the salute. Martial Anderson looked  
up at him.
"So were is Asuza and his daughters and wives?" The Martial asked.
"They were taken by the enemy." Martel began. "Half of our crew left in pursuit  
of them." The Martial smiled.
"That's good." He began. "Tell me when they arrive. I need to send for the rest of  
the fleet. Once all the Martials arrive, we can have a council meeting to determine our  
next move. You may all stay in Guest quarters C. But Right now, I want to spend some  
time with my daughter." He said as he smiled and looked at Mihoshi. The Martial left  
with Mihoshi as Martel, Washu, and Tsunami prepared their quarters.

Ryoko sat in her command chair on the bridge of Ryo-Oki. The Starship Cabbit  
flew at an amazing rate as stars of all kinds blurred past the ship, but Ryoko had  
something else in mind. What was the premonition about, she thought. Tsunami said that  
they were in pain, suffering. I must find them. "Ryo-Oki." Ryoko began. "I want you to  
go faster. I promise once this whole ordeal is over, I'll give you a lifetime supply of  
carrots." Ryo-Oki responded with a boost of energy. The ship began to accelerate beyond  
normal capability. Ryoko was now very happy. She knew she could save Tenchi now.  
She knew she could make it in time.

Tenchi Masaki awoke in a large room. Not a cell, not a cargo bay, but another  
throne room. This one was massive compared to the throne room on the Corona. It had  
the same stairs and throne pattern, but it much larger and it had many more tapestries.  
The others were all waking up as well, but added to the group was Emperor Asuza,  
Yosho, and ladies Masaki and Funaho. Tenchi tried to grab his head to stop the throbbing  
pain that he experienced, but he found that his hands were cuffed behind his back. He  
struggled a little bit to free himself, but he couldn't move.  
Tenchi, along with everybody else, stood up and looked around the room. There  
was a man sitting in the mighty throne that Tenchi hadn't seen before. A man with a  
golden face mask. His hair was black and he wore a magnificent uniform, almost kingly.  
Infront of the man stood Durant and two others. They all wore the same clothing. Tenchi  
decided to end the moment of silence.
"Who are you?" He yelled. The man in the throne just stared straight into  
Tenchi's eyes. Yosho spoke.
"What is your game, Savalon." He began. "Why bring us here?" Tenchi glanced  
over at Yosho real quick. Savalon was a name Tenchi heard earlier when Kyone clued  
him into what was going on. Savalon was the new emperor. Savalon began to laugh a  
sinister laugh that actually sounded familiar to Tenchi, but he couldn't place.
"I figured," Savalon began. "That I should end this facade." A puzzled and  
questionable look spread across everybody's faces as Savalon spoke. What did he mean?  
Tenchi thought.  
Suddenly, Savalon brought his hands to his facemask and simultaneously pressed  
a button on each side. A hissing sound came from the sides of the mask as Savalon pulled  
it from his face. Savalon's hair suddenly changed from raven black to white. His skin  
became slightly pale compared to its normal color and then Savalon dropped the mask.  
Tenchi didn't know how many gasps he heard that moment of time, he didn't  
care. At that very moment, time froze for Tenchi and only one thought ran throughout his  
head faster then the fastest ship in the universe. One single thought consumed him with  
fear, hatred, and worry.  

Savalon was Kagato and Kagato was alive.

To Be Continued.

Next Episode: The Great Divide  

Nexodus@msn.com
