I don't own Tenchi, Nor Will I ever. Wish I did though. Its not against the 
law to Wish.
Previously: Tenchi expressed his fear of Kagato, and that fear might 
jeopardize the entire
mission.

Tenchi Muyo
Now and Forever
Episode 06
The Battle of Dabura
By Nexodus



	Kagato sat silently on his throne on the head capitol ship of the fleet. He 
wore a
robe-like cape with a hood covering his face from light. His long sleeves 
covered the
keys that Durant sought, Kagato knew this. He wouldn't eradicate Durant just 
yet. He
needed him, as a puppet.
He was anxious. Anxious for what will happen. In his lap lay a small data 
pad
with a picture of a small Hunter Ship. Kagato knew what it was. The Boy and 
his
comrades were following him. Following him to the Map. The Map that would 
lead him
to Varge Altone.
	A small set back, the emperor thought as a lieutenant approached him.
	"My emperor." He began while giving a military bow. "Our scouts in the 
Dabura
Sector have reported that they have found the Coalitions base of operations 
and that the
Nostromo was visible among the ships present." Kagato gave a devilish grin 
at the news.
This made him very happy. He would send Durant into battle there, a losing 
battle
perhaps, he didn't know. Two birds with one single solitary stone. And if 
Durant
survives, good. Durant can live to die another day.
	Kagato ushered the lieutenant to go fetch Durant as he returned his 
attention to the
datapad that lay in his lap. The Boy followed him, even after Yosho died. 
Yosho is dead
and his soul lives on through the boy. Intriguing. Who knows who else is in 
the tiny ship.
Ryoko? He knew for a fact that his former subject would not only follow the 
boy to the
face of the universe, but also want Kagato dead where he sat.
Then there was Princess Ayeka. Ayeka would surly want to speak to Rose, her
biological Mother. Perhaps she would fight Rose. The thought was 
interesting. Ayeka
could be a suitable queen. He would woo the Princess away from her Protector 
and rule
the Universe with their combined strength. A Perfect revenge against the 
house of Jurai.
Taking away one of its only heirs as his own. The thought was delicious.
It didn't matter though. Kagato would toss the Princess away just like Asuza 
did
to Rose. He didn't need any woman, because none was his equal.

Ayeka sat on the bridge of the Strider, staring into space through a ring 
she once
wore. The Ring was her birthright. A ring worn by all members of Juraian 
Royal Family
as a seal of their royal family. It was the only thing she could think about 
for many many
months. Her mother. Her Birth Right.
For Years, Princess Ayeka had believed that her mother was the lady Masaki, 
a
kind, yet childish queen of Jurai, but now she knew the truth. Her mother 
was a woman
named Rose. A Spoiled Juraian Woman that her father had fallen in love with 
and was
his first wife. It Hurt Ayeka that her mother was in leagues with a monster. 
There was
only one person who could help her ease her pain and confront her birth 
mother. Martel
Sham. Ayeka truly loved him more as days went by and hopefully her father 
would allow
Martel to gain the throne. It would definently make her happy.
Ryoko walked onto the bridge where Ayeka was sitting and Ayeka quickly
pocketed the ring. Ayeka had come to terms with her formal rival for 
Tenchi's love,
believing that Ryoko was under Kagato's influence, but still Ayeka could 
never truly
trust the pirate. But Ayeka did appreciate her company now.
Ryoko sat down next to Ayeka with a drink of some kind, Ayeka couldn't place
it. "So." Ryoko began. "How is it going?" She asked, while slightly 
hesitant.
Their fights had become a thing of the past, but still, broken bridges mend 
in time,
despite mutual respect.
"I am doing all right." Ayeka began. Ryoko just looked at her, not with an 
evil or
annoyed look that she once had, but one of kindness. It was a while before 
either of them
spoke, but Ryoko broke the silence.
"So, you're thinking of marrying my brother." Ryoko said. Ayeka's eyes 
widened
and a shade of blush spread across her face. Ryoko began to laugh. "Hah! I 
knew it, your
reaction tells me everything." Ayeka looked at her former rival with stern 
eyes.
"I am warning you, if you ruin my little secret, I will forever make your 
life a
living hell." Ayeka said. Ryoko continued to laugh as Ayeka stood up and 
stormed out of
the bridge.
As soon as she got away, her face turned to one of sadness and worry like it 
was
earlier on the bridge. Martel. Ryoko's brother. If She married Martel, then 
Ryoko would
be her sister-in-law. This thought almost made Ayeka throw up.

Durant arrived before his master, wondering just what the Veronian Wanted of
him. Durant kneeled before Kagato much like a dog would its master, and that 
thought
sickened Durant. He wanted power, not a master. Kagato began to speak.
"In the Dabura sector, we have discovered that the Rebellion's man fleet is
located there, including the Nostromo. I want you to take a quarter of the 
fleet and attack
the Rebel's." Durant nodded as he stood and Kagato could sense frustration 
in Durants
appearance. A little joke to Kagato.
Durant walked away, feeling anger spread over his body, how could he make 
his
move when he's 500 light years away? It angered him greatly and deeply, but 
not to
worry. The time of Durant will come and the last of the Shinata will have 
this power.

Kyone sat in the main control seat on the Strider when she saw something 
that
surprised her. A quarter of the ships started to turn direction. "What are 
they doing?" She
asked herself. Martel was there as well.
"I don't get it." Martel began. "Why break from the fleet?" The massive 
ships
made a complete 80 degree turn and entered Hyper space. Kyone brought up the 
star
maps to find out just what was there.
"If the map was in that direction, the entire fleet would've turned." Kyone 
said as
she looked at the maps. Martel studied them closely.
"Well, Jurai is sorta in that direction, but it's off to the side of their 
trajectory."
"They are heading towards Dabura." Came a voice that startled both Martel 
and
Kyone. It was Jericho.
"The fleet?" Martel asked. Martel took a good look at the star Maps and saw 
that
the Dabura sector was in their path.
"Oh No." Kyone began. "They'll be slaughtered with that fire power! I have 
to
warn them." Kyone grabbed for the comm when Jericho halted her hand.
"Wait!!!" He began. "If you contact them, the main fleet will hear our 
signal and
fire. We don't want that."
"Then what can we do?" Martel asked.
"Well," Jericho began. "We can move out of the main fleets sensory range and
notify the Coalition then. We still may have a chance of that.  Another 
thing is we could
continue as planned and hope that the Coalition has moved away from the 
Dabura sector.
Those are our options."
"Damn," Kyone said. "If we leave, we might loose sight of the Main fleet and
then never know where to go." Jericho nodded at this idea. Martel spoke up.
"We do have another option better then the two." Martel said. Both Jericho 
and
Kyone looked at him. Martel continued. "My mother. Back when Kagato held 
planet
Jurai ransom, she used a subspace communicator to contact lady Funaho from a 
great
distance. It could also not be picked up by radar. That is the best option." 
Jericho agreed.
"I'll go get her." Kyone said as she got up and ran out of the bridge.

Mihoshi sat in the captain's chair of the Horizon when a message came in. 
"This
is Washu!! Somebody please answer, this is urgent!!" Mihoshi immediately 
picked up the
transceiver.
"This is General Mihoshi. What's wrong miss. Washu?" Mihoshi asked.
"Mihoshi!! Contact the Nostromo, tell them that a fourth of the Veronian 
Military
is headed your way!! Get out of there now!!" Washu yelled just as her 
transmission
broke.
Mihoshi immediately contacted the Nostromo to warn her Grandfather and the
rest of the fleet, but the radar screen began to blink with several thousand 
dots.
"Nostromo!!" Mihoshi began. "This is General Mihoshi, I have just received
word that the Veronian Armada is on its way, it is also on our radar. 
Repeat, Veronia is
here!" But Mihoshi feared that it might be too late as she scrambled her own 
ships.

Martial Anderson had just received his granddaughter's message when the 
ships
came into view. "Scramble all attack ships, evacuate all civilians. Don't 
let those main
battle ships get into firing range!" And with that command, the Nostromo and 
the other
capitol starships let their Fighters out into space.
The Ships became engaged in a fiery combat.

Durant watched the battle begin on his battleship, the Ravens Revenge. This 
was
going to be a glorious win for Veronia. He thought as his commanding officer
approached the Shinata. "My lord Durant, your orders?" The Officer asked.
"I want a full sweep of all ships. Some may be allowed to escape, but not 
all.
Have the Battleships concentrate their fire towards the Nostromo." The 
Commander
bowed and began to order his troops while Durant watched.

"Keep those Fighters away from the Transports and move away from those
cruisers!!" Martial Anderson ordered over the com. "Prepare to fire out main 
Cannons,
Bring the Ravens Revenge down!!" All of a sudden, an explosion rocked the 
left side of
the Nostromo as the Pinto, a smaller Battleship, exploded from the enemy 
fire. Martial
Anderson cursed as he was thrown from his attack chair. As soon as he 
steadied himself,
he contacted his captain.
"Captain Saven, get the Royal Family away from here!! Protect them and take 
the
Yagami!!" Martial Anderson heard a reply as he sat back in his chair.
"Is the Main gun ready?" Anderson asked a gunner.
"Yes sir." The gunner answered.
"Fire." Was Anderson's order.

Saven rushed the Royal Family to the Yagami as fast as he could despite 
Asuza's
Objections. "What is the meaning of this?" Asuza asked.
"Your Majesty's, we cannot allow you to be taken." Saven said. "Martial
Anderson gave me orders to escort you to the Yagami and Evacuate from 
Dabura."
Asuza couldn't argue with that, but Asuza wondered what his Friend Anderson 
was
thinking send the Family alone?

Mihoshi received a call from her grandfather. "Mihoshi, the Yagami is on its 
way
to your Armitage. Pick them off and escape to the Vegeta Sector." Mihoshi 
protested.
"But what about you, Grandpa?" She asked. She could hear her grandfather 
laugh
slightly.
"I'll be ok, pumpkin. Don't worry." And with that, the Connection was cut.
Mihoshi didn't like it. She didn't like it one bit.

The Carnage continued in space as another Coalition Cruiser was destroyed. 
The
Raven's Revenge now had a nasty hole in it, but the ship still continued its 
onslaught,
along with its 30+ battle ships. It was an invincible fleet, and Martial 
Anderson knew
this.
"All Coalition ships, Fall Back, Fall Back." Anderson said. "We are 
Evacuating
Dabura. Proceed to the Check points."
Anderson finally turned to his crew, knowing what he had to do. "Commander, 
I
want you to evacuate all Personnel." He said. The bridge was filled with 
questionable
expressions. The Commander protested.
"Sir, is that wise?" He asked. Anderson shook his head.
"I'm going to give Veronia a run for its money." Anderson said with a smile
evacuate all personnel in 5 minutes." The Commander didn't like it, but he 
had no choice.
He did a military bow and them moved to the main console.
"Abandon Ship, all Crew abandon ship." The Commander said. He then turned to
Martial Anderson and Saluted. The Martial saluted his crew and then they 
were off,
leaving the Martial behind.
Martial Anderson walked over to the main pilot console and sat down. As he 
sat
there, he contemplated what he was exactly doing. Suicide. Complete suicide. 
But
Suicide can be honorable. Anderson watched the number deplete, showing the 
number of
ships remaining on the Nostromo. It went from 50 to 0 in 5 minutes, the 
commander was
good, Anderson thought.
As Anderson sat there, his past flew across his eyes. He was just a young 
soldier
who befriended the young Prince Asuza during the last Great War, and he paid 
for that
war with long life. Sure, many people lived long, especially the Juraians, 
but Martial
Anderson lived too long for his species. Too long. Now was his time. His 
time to leave
his friends and join his family. He would be entrusting the Military to his 
Granddaughter
Mihoshi. Sure many people would find that a bad move, he thought if it as a 
grand Idea.
Nobody knew that his little girl was a Military Genius. Anderson laughed as 
he typed in
several operations. The Shield power was brought completely forward and his 
engines
were set to jump to Hyperspace. At the speed, when he would collide with the 
Ravens
Revenge, they would become dusts. Nothing more, nothing less. Dust is death. 
It was
time to die.
Martial Anderson set a count down on the main screen. Counting down from 45
seconds. "It's a far better thing I do." Anderson began. "To Save trillions, 
I must kill
Millions. Its sad." The Count down reached 30 seconds. Anderson took heavy 
breaths,
savoring the moment. This would put him in the history books for sure. The 
count down
hit 15 seconds. "To Be." 10 Seconds. "Or Not." 5 Seconds. "To Be."
And with that, the Nostromo rocketed forward and a mighty Explosion engulfed
the Dabura Sector. A Shock wave erupted from a ball of Fire and swept across 
the sector,
destroying many ships and planets in the almost dead reign of space.

"GrandPa!!" The Yell could be heard throughout the tiny carrier, followed by 
the
tears of a carefree girl forced to grow up. Mihoshi was sitting in her 
command chair,
crying her little eyes out at the great loss. Her Grandfather was gone. He 
would now join
the rest of her family that she lost. Years ago, a virus plagued Mihoshi's 
home planet of
Aeria. A Terrible virus that killed many. As a result, the Juraian Empire 
was forced to
sterilize half the planet. Mihoshi was left with her grandfather, but now 
she is alone.
Asuza now stood among her, for the Yagami was now safe in the Armitage's 
bay.
A tear slid down his cheek as well as his Queens cried. He lost a great 
friend and close
companion. Asuza and Anderson practically walked through the fires of hell 
together,
along with Young Yosho. Those 3 fought bravely and saved a universe, and now 
2 were
gone. 1 remained.
	A Commander walked up to Mihoshi. "General Mihoshi, your orders." Mihoshi
tried to stop, but she couldn't. Saven was there and vouched for her.
	"I think the General has been through to much. I suggest we go to the 
Vegeta
sector and meet up with the fleet again." The Commander nodded. "Good Idea." 
Saven
kneeled down to where Mihoshi was sitting. "Miss. Mihoshi, you should get 
some rest."
Mihoshi didn't move, and Saven knew why. He looked into the woman with 
sincerity.
"Miss. Mihoshi," Saven began. "I too lost somebody great. Martial Anderson 
was not
only my commanding officer. He was my Father." Mihoshi's eyes widened as she 
looked
at this young boy. Saven was her uncle? She couldn't believe it. Saven 
Continued. "20
years ago, You grandfather fell in love with a woman. My mother. They were 
to be
married after I was born but the ship she was on was destroyed by an Energy 
Storm. She
died. Please, Miss. Mihoshi, go and get some rest." Mihoshi nodded and left. 
Saven took
command. (Authors note: To be a Martial, you have to be related to a Martial 
when they
pass. Captains are actually higher then generals and commanders in the 
Galaxy Police.)

	The Blast from the Explosion rocketed the entire Dabura Nebula, destroying 
all
nearby ships, but one. The Ravens Revenge still drifted in space, despite 
heavy damage.
The ship was still space-worthy and would soon rejoin the main fleet.
	Durant found this refreshing. He was invincible, he thought. The Jurai 
couldn't
kill him, the Galaxy Police couldn't kill him. The Last of the Shinata 
couldn't kill him.
Now Durant felt like he could go one on one with Ra herself.
	And soon he will take on a living god. Kagato. Durant can feel the power
emanating from Kagato, and he wants it for his own. Forget revenge and 
Veronia. He can
rebuild Shinata. He can wipe away those who are unclean. He would become the 
master
of reality.
	Durant smiled as his ship flew into Hyperspace.

	"So, Martial Anderson is dead." Washu said. She was connected directly to 
Lady
Funaho and the rest of the gang crowded around Washu. Kyone shook her head 
and
began to speak.
	"Poor Mihoshi." Kyone began. "She's alone right now. It's so sad." Washu
nodded.
	"Lady Funaho, can you take care of Mihoshi," Washu began. "She should be
conforted at a time like this. She is alone and needs somebody." Funaho 
nodded and the
transmission was cut.
	Ayeka was saddened as well. Martial Anderson was like an Uncle to her, and 
she
felt like she lost Yosho all over again. It was hard for her at that moment.
	Martel, as if sensing that his love was in need, came up behind her and 
hugged
her. His Princess. Ayeka smiled as the man that she felt closer to comforted 
her once
more. It brought about a sense of peace. A sense of love. A Sense of Hope 
that what they
are doing will save that Universe.

	At a Temple, a Raven Haired woman stood before a stone gateway. The stone
gate, stood 60 feet in the sly, the Temple rose even higher, as if to touch 
the heavens from
the rock of the Planet. This was the Gateway, the Gateway to Varge Altone. 
The Map.
	The Map, itself, was not a map at all. It was a transporter. One that 
required great
power to activate. A Transporter to the legendary Varge Altone. The Virtual 
Eden itself.
The Woman, was Darla. Sister of Ryoko and Martel. Daughter of Washu. She
was lucky enough to find the place before Kagato or anybody else did. Darla 
wondered at
the magnificent monolith. It was truly a magnificent piece of art, crafted 
by Ra herself.
The Planet she stood on was that of a Desert. Red sand and small pools of 
water
covered the rock for miles to see, and the sky was littered with Asteroids 
itself. An
amazing feet of piloting got her here. It would take even better piloting to 
get the imperial
Battle ships to this planet.
Soon, Kagato would stand where she stood. She had to hold him at bay so that
Tenchi and the others could get there. She had to protect the Temple itself 
from the
clutches of that madman. Darla began to walk down a sloaping pathway that 
led to the
doors, so that she could prepare for the Emperors arrival, and perhaps, her 
own Sacrifice.

To Be Continued.

Next Episode: Where Dreams Begin and End.

Email me: Nexodus@msn.com

