                     Night After the Carnival Part 4


	D3 appeared before  lady's Tokime's  thrown.

 "you wish to see me my lady?" his deep voice echoed.

 "it is time." her voice to echoed.

 "He is there now I can feel him."

 "then it is time for me to perform the task you set out for  me." D3 
asked.

 "yes and hurry I need time to prepare." Tokime replied. 


" as you wish my lady." d3 answered and vanished.

 "it wont be long sisters, we will be together ." she said to  herself. 

	Deep out in space  a very small ship was sitting.

 Inside was a lone man, he was dressed completely in black. 

A full cape enclosed him and a long brimmed hat hung low over his face 
so that you could only see  his mouth.

 He had long gray hair that hung down his back a small braid at its 
end.

 He was a very thin man and also quite tall.

 His skin was a pale white as if he had never been out in any sun light 
his whole life. 


	Outside the front of the space ship d3's massive face appeared.

 "Cronar, go now and bring me what I have asked for."

 Cronar slowly lifted up his head. 

Until his cold gray eyes could see d3.

 "you want me to find this thing but you still have not told me where 
to look for it." Cronar said his voice was low and ice cold.

 "get to the one known as Akira, he knows the way let him lead you." d3 
told him.

	 " I don't not want a partner and I will not share my payment for 
this with him." Cronar said.

 "let him lead you there and then kill him he is not  of concern to 
me."

  a very small smile creped over Cronar's face.

 "it will be done." he lowered his face back under his hat.

 "where will I find this Akira?" Cronar asked.

 " he is  being taken to galaxy police headquarters at this moment."

 d3 brought up a space map with a small dot flashing on it. 

	Cronar hit a button on his computer and the data was downloaded 
into his ship.

 D3's face vanished as the small ships engines purred to life , 
thrusting the ship forward. 

It wasn't long before his ship was in sight of the  single GP cruiser.

 Cronar slid his chair over to another panel.

 Pressing some buttons his screen came to life

 " 30 seconds to E.M.P. launch." came a voice over the computer.

	  "Sir there is a ship closing in behind us." the young cadet 
said pointing to his screen.

 The captain of the cruiser pulled up the image  showing the small 
ship.

 "open communications." he ordered.

 "yes sir." replied the young officer.

 He turned to his panel and hit some button's 

"open sir." he called out.

	 "unknown ship this is the galaxy police cruiser Yuro.

 Do not come any closer or we will be forced to open fire." the captain 
ordered.

  "the ship is slowing sir." the cadet said.

 The screen in front of the captain changed.

 instead of the small ship he was looking at the half face  of Cronar.

	 In the back ground the captain could hear a count down 

"5...4....3....2...." 

the captains eyes grew wide "lets  move it." he screamed. 

	A large hatch opened up on top of the ship and what looked like a 
huge fork moved out.

 A small black orb formed in front of the fork then shot out and struck 
the Yuro

 "E.M.P. fired." the computer voice said.

 "Target hit, ship disabled." 

 the fork retracted back into the ship as if pulled up along side the 
now cripple Yuro.

	 "access that ships computers." Cronar told his ship.

 "computer accessed." his ship answered.

  Cronar pulled up the ships interior.

 It didn't take him long to find the holding cell of Akira.

 " we will enter here." he pointed to a spot on the Yuro.

 "target obtained ,docking in progress."

  the small ship moved to just under the Yuro attaching  itself to the 
hull.

	  It didn't take long to burn a hole in the side and stretching 
out a dock tube.

 Cronar quietly entered the ship.

  Once inside the room he was face to face with a very large man.

 " are you Akira the blade?" Cronar asked. 

 Akira was standing against the far wall.

 He had moved there when he saw the burning ring appear on his wall.

  He was ready to attack the first person who came thru that hole but 
when he saw Cronar.

	 He just stepped back  this man was much smaller then he was but 
there was something about him.

 Akira knew this man was very dangerous.

 "yes I am." he answered.

 " I have come to offer you a deal.

 I work for someone who wants a item and this item it seems has only 
been seen by you ."

	 Cronar turned slightly facing the  door of Akira's cell.

 Silently he moved into the corner of the room completely disappearing 
in the shadows there .

 Akira looked puzzled until he heard his cell door open. 
	
	Two Gp officers entered the cell there guns drawn.

 They both pointed them at Akira.

 He just raised his hands in the air.

 "it wasn't me." he told them.

	 They both looked at the hole in the other wall.

 There was the sound of two small zings.

 Each of the officers looked down to find.

 One had a small dart sticking out of his stomach and the other had one 
in his right shoulder.

	 Before even they could look at each other the poison coursed 
thru there body.

 There heart stopped before they hit the ground.

 Cronar moved out of the shadows showing himself again.

 Akira saw him put two very small hand held crossbows under his cape. 

	Yes he though a very dangerous man indeed.

 "if you will take me there I have been offered to pay you  the same 
amount that I am getting paid." Cronar said.

 "what kind of payment is that?" Akira asked.

 " one galaxy to rule over as I see fit." Cronar answered.

 Akira's smile grew much bigger. "count me in."

 "but I haven't told you what we are after." Cronar replied.

 " I need you to take me to the jurian tomb of the damned."

 Akira stopped and looked at him.

 "well I see your boss sets his sights high." Akira answered.

 "well I have some payback to claim on the house of juri anyway.

 That damn young prince and his friends kill almost all of my gang." 

	"then come with me." Cronar said going back into the docking 
tube.

 " just let me get my things. Akira headed for the  open cell door then 
stopped.

 " I have no things." he turned and headed into the docking tube.

 	Once both men where inside the ship Cronar gave the ordered to 
disengage the dock.

 Once done the hole left by the docking tube was open.

 Space came rushing in.

 the force of its entrance pushed the ship sideways setting it adrift.

 	Akira watched as the Yuro drifted away from them.

 "you disabled the ship's  power right?" he asked Cronar.

 "Yes." was all he said.

 "Then they have now way of closing that hole. 

The ones  that are not sucked out into space will suffocate and 
freeze."

 Akira said turning away  from the view.

 "Yes." was Cronar's only reply.

 Yes  a very dangerous man Akira thought. 

	D3 opened up a portal that lead to subspace.

 There was one more thing  that lady Tokime had wanted and it was up to 
him this time to get it.

 He floated thru the portal.

 It wasn't long before he could since what he was after.

 Soon he found it.

 He headed for a small waste of a planet.

	 He covered the vast distance in a few seconds.

 Slowly descending down to the surface.

 It was completely barren  of any life.

 It was only gray dust and mountains.

 But it was here he could feel it very strongly.

 "Kain." d3 spoke out.

 "who are you?" came a deep ghostly like voice.

 " I am d3." he answered " I have come because lady Tokime wishes to 
talk to you." 

	The ground on the  barren planet began to shake.

 A small crack erupted open with a black void oozing out of it.

 The black mass spread out  over the surrounding ground.

 In its center a broken white face formed.

 "why does she want to talk to me?" Kain hissed out.

 "do not take my ladies offer so lightly."

 d3 paused for a moment.

 "they hurt you. I can feel your pain, a former shell of your once 
great power."

	 the black mass around the mask shot out in every direction.

 D3 knew he had  brought out just the reaction he was looking for 

 " ahhhhhhhhhh." Kain screamed. " the juri power I must know its 
secret." 

 "my lady offers you a way back.

 A way to have what it is you seek most...........Revenge."

	 Kain returned his mass back to around his mask.

 His mask began to smile.

  "But I can not leave this place I do not have the power ." 

 the aura around d3 began to glow a soft light blue.

 Kain's black mass began to pulse with power.

 The mask that was his face  begun to form and heal.

	 " a gift form her majesty ." d3 told him.

 Kain thru back his head and laughed .

 The black mass formed behind him and sent him flying into space.

 The face of d3 disappeared.

	Akira sat down in the co pilots chair next to Cronar.

 "ok then  ill take you." he said after he buckled in.

 "first we got to go to the planet juri." he said watching Cronar punch 
in commands to his ship.

 He tugged again on his buckles.

 "ok once there head to the smallest moon it is on there,"

 "first we go to juri itself. Then we will go it the small moon." 
Cronar said not looking up from his controls.

 "but why do we have to go there? There is no need to if you want the 
crypt." he asked.

	 Cronar stopped what he was doing and slowly turned towards him.

 He lifted his hat just slightly.

 Akira stared into his cold gray eyes.

 A shiver ran down his spine.

 He knew he was looking at the face of death itself. 

 " a certain king did not fulfill his contract." he stopped and drew a 
small smile.

 " so now I must full fill mine." 

	The next morning in the Maski house things where not like they 
had been the previous morning.

 Sasami was still in the kitchen making breakfast like she had on every 
morning.

 Her mood was not as cheerful.

 Even though cooking helped it still did not take away a big part of 
her worry.

 Some one was out there  trying to kill everyone she loved.

	 That thought scared her very badly.

 But she kept up that she was ok.

 Knowing how everyone  was most likely thinking the same thing she was.

 And she didn't want them to have to worry about her also.

 So she went about her normal chores and cooking.

	  Mihoshi and Kiyone had already left out on patrol for the 
morning and wouldn't be back till late tonight.

 Ayeka was sitting in her room looking out her window.

 She to was wondering the same thing.

 Why would someone be trying to kill us now.

 She looked out over the yard to the edge of the lake.

 Her mind raced thru all the political things that might be the case.

	 And she could think of many that would want her and lord Tenchi 
out of the way.

 A tear began to form  around her eye.

 They want to kill Lord Tenchi.

 She dropped her  face into her hands and sobbed.

 She raised her tear streaked face up to look at the sky.

 	"why must it be this way." she cried out.

 " why can I not just be happy with the man I love?"

 she waited as if she expected the sky to have her answers.

 Her tears began anew.

 "Lord Tenchi!!!!!!!" she screamed out. 

	Tenchi was laying on his bed when he heard the sound of Ayeka 
screaming out his name.

 He jumped up, bolting out his door.

 He raced down the hallway and into Ayeka's room.

 "Ayeka!! What is it?" he asked  dropping down in front of her.

 She grabbed on to him and pulled herself into his chest.

 She was crying in horrible fits.

  "Oh Lord Tenchi." she sobbed. 

	 Ryoko was sitting on the roof when she too heard Ayeka scream 
out.

 She sat up and quickly looked around before she phased out and  in 
right outside of Ayeka's window.

 She saw Tenchi come running thru the door and drop down in front of 
Ayeka.

 When she saw Ayeka hug Tenchi and crying.

 At first she was angry but she caught Tenchi looking at her.

 The concern on his face convinced her to put aside  her differences 
with the princess.

	 She slowly  floated into the room and knelt down beside them.

  Ryoko knew that this time Ayeka was not trying one of her tricks to 
steal Tenchi.

 She was bothered by the same thing that was on Ryoko's mind as well.

 "don't worry Ayeka." Tenchi said.

 He was looking at Ryoko and smiling.

 "Washu is looking into it as we speak and if anyone can find out who 
is behind this she can." he said putting his arm around her.

 "ya Ayeka and when she does we are going to pay them a visit and show 
them just who they messed with." Ryoko told her.

 Her voice was soft and caring.

	 Ayeka looked up to see her rival.

 She smiled wiping the tears from her eyes.

 Tenchi reached out and took Ryoko's hand.

 "she is right Ayeka." he smiled.

 " no one messes with my family." 

	 She sat the rest of the way up but still in his arm.

 " you two are right. I don't know why  I was so worried." she smiled 
at Ryoko

 "us three do make quite a force to be reckoned with."

 "you got that right! Nothing in this universe can stop us." Ryoko 
replied putting her hand into a fist and giving them that mischievous 
smile she always had.

	"we are in the juri solar system." the computer informed its 
pilot.

  Cronar stopped just outside the planets system detectors.

 "so how are we going to get past the planets defenses?" Akira asked.

 Cronar was  fastening a large hold in strap to himself.

 "we are going through them." he said  closing the steel buckle on his 
chest.

 " computer! Activate the hyper drive flash program." Cronar spoke out 
to the ship.

 "orders received captain." the computer answered.

	 Akira looked down at his seat and saw the same kind of harness 
that Cronar had just put on.

 He decided that it would be a good idea to do so himself.

 "umm what is flash anyway." he asked quickly getting the harness on.

 "flash will commence in 5......4....3.....2....1."

 the computer counted down. 

	On the outside of the ship thousands of small antenna began to 
emerge out of its hull.

 When they where completely retracted  bright arc's of power  started 
to crackle on the end of each rod.

 "power flow increase  starting now."

 the rods power increased jumping from rod to rod.

 In a instant there was a bright flash and a large boom. 

 The space where the ship had once been was now empty nothing to tell 
it had even been there. 

	Deep in the heart of juri space near one of the three moons  came 
a large flash of light followed by and large boom.

 In its place was a small ship.

 "there has been a change of plans." Cronar told Akira once the ship 
had settled into a close orbit over the moon. 

"oh and why is that?" Akira asked getting out of the restraint.

 "where is this crypt?" Cronar asked not answering Akira's question.

	  He knew he was not going to get an answer out of him so he 
decided not to push it.

 He gave Cronar the  location of the  crypt.

 The ship flew over the surface of the moon closing in quickly on the 
spot.

 The ship slowed over a barren spot of land hid by a mountain on each 
side.

 " I do not see anything." Cronar said scanning the area.

 "come on we had to get out and ill show you ." Akira answered heading 
to the outer door of the ship.

 Once there he stopped and put on a small device around his ear.

 As soon as he took his hand away the device shot out a small  hose the 
rested just under the nose.

  "here there is no air outside that you can breath." Akira tossed 
Cronar one of the devices.

 In one fluid movement Cronar seemed to float to the side avoiding the 
device all together.

 It clambered on the floor.

 Akira looked at him for a moment

  "ok suit yourself."  he said opening the door. 

	 The moon's atmosphere rushed into the ship.

 Akira stepped out followed by Cronar.

 "it is over there." Akira pointed .

 Over in the distance was a single stone sticking up out of the ground.

 Akira and Cronar made there way over to it.

	 On the face of the stone was a small spot on top like a place to 
put something.

 On the face was the image of a single tree one half of the tree was 
full of leaves while the other was dead and there was only branches 
reaching upwards.

 So the powers of light and darkness hold this place. Cronar thought.

 "well I got you here but I don't know how to open it up." Akira said.

 Cronar reached into his robes and took out a small black gem that d 3 
had given him.

 " I know how to open it." he said placing the gem in the spot on top 
of the stone.

	 He stepped back as the ground around him began to shake.

 The shaking spread  to both mountains.

 On each of the faces of the great rocks  doors began to appear and 
slowly open.

 Akira looked  along both sides up as far as he could see were open 
doors.

 "so which door do we take?" he asked.

	 Cronar stepped back in front of the stone.

 "show me the door to the defiler of planets." Cronar spoke out.

 The stone began to glow.

 A small beam of light shoot out from the gem.

 Cronar followed the beam to one of the many doors.

 "it is that one." he said walking to where the beam lead.

 Akira was glad that at least the beam had pointed to one of the doors 
next to the ground.

 "At least there  wont be any climbing." he said following  behind 
Cronar. 

	 They entered the door, there was nothing but a long corridor the 
seems to be heading down into the heart of the mountain.

 Cronar reached into his robe and took out a small shaft.

 He pushed a small button on the side of the shaft and the center of 
the shaft lit up.

 "it looks like a long way down there." Akira said peering down into 
the darkness.

 Cronar ignored him and headed down into the mountain.

 	After a short while Cronar stopped and turned to Akira.

 "from this point on stay at least 12 paces behind me. If you come any 
closer to me then that."

 Cronar stared into Akira's eyes. " I will kill you ."

 The color drained from Akira's face.

 Cronar started back down the hall.

 Akira realizing he was being left in the dark, hurried to catch up.

 " do you always have to be so drastic?" he asked really hoping  that 
Cronar had not heard him. 

	Soon it became known why Cronar had made this request.

 Cronar had stopped again, but this time instead of turning around he 
was studying something on the wall in front of him.

 Akira stopped as soon as he did making sure he was well outside the 12 
paces.

 Cronar had taken something out of his robes.

 Akira moved up a little to get a good look.

 It was a fist sized rock with a length of small rope tied around it.

	 He watched as Cronar swung the rock out in front of him letting 
it hit the floor.

 He moved backwards until he had no more rope to let out from the rock.

 Akira made sure he too moved back not wanting to get in the 12 paces 
of his doom.

 Once that was done Cronar began to slowly pull the rock to him.

 Suddenly a small square of the floor the rock moved on sunk in.

	 four large circular blades shot out from the walls , two on each 
side.

  Akira's eyes went wide.

 If someone would have been standing there they would be in four neat 
little pieces right now, he thought to himself.

 "don't step there." Cronar said quickly getting his rock fixed back up 
and put away. 

"no kidding." Akira said his mouth hanging open.

	Akira watched  in awe as he  seen Cronar set off trap after trap.

  This place was very well  guarded he thought no one would  have made 
it this far he was sure.

 But Cronar seemed to know every trap and how to get by it.

 Akira was almost sure that no one could have ever know about all these 
traps in here, let alone know how to disarm them.

 But Cronar  just seemed to study them for a few minutes  then pull out 
something or take something  from him and then  it was over.

 Trap sprung and on to the next.

	They had finally reached the bottom of the long hallway.

 Cronar stood in front of  a very large silver door.

 There was a huge bolted lock in the middle sealing it shut.

 Both doors where carved with  demons and other horrors of the dark.

 Cronar  examined the lock closely.

 "can you get that open?" Akira asked.

 Cronar stood up, Satisfied "yes." he said flatly.

 "but there is something else I must do first." he reached into his 
robes  and pulled out another gem identical to the  one he had used to 
point the way here.

	 Cronar began searching the doors, running his hands over the 
carvings of the monsters.

 Then he stopped , his hand rested on one demon.

 The creature was kneeling with both hands outstretched.

 Cronar placed the gem in the demons hands.

 Akira moved closer getting a better look at what  was going on.

 Once  Cronar placed the gem  he stepped back a little ways. 

	The eyes on the  demon began to glow a eerie  red.

 Soon the ones next to  it began to glow as well.

 It spread until all the creatures eyes where alive with fire.

 The demon that was holding the gem, lowered his arms. Pulling the gem 
to his chest.

 "what is it you seek here?" came the sound of a thousand tortured 
voices.

  Akira felt sick  all the sudden.

	 Cronar took one step forward. " I seek the body of the defiler 
of planets..... the one called...............................Kagato!"

 the demon moved across the door and sat on the lock.

 He placed the gem  into  the small hole that was on the locks face.

 The gem flashed once before the face of the lock opened.

 "what do have to sacrifice?" the voices demanded.

	  Cronar made a slight look to his right at Akira who had come to 
stand right beside him.

 A small smile curled over his lips.

 "the blood of a killer." he said.

 In a single heartbeat Cronar was on the other side of Akira.

 The bounty hunter blinked once slowly turning his head towards Cronar.

	 Akira never got to see his killer again as a small red line 
formed across his neck.

  Akira's body collapsed  to the ground, the flash of the steel from 
the blade in Cronar's hand was all he could see before the darkness 
took him.

 Cronar quickly finished his grizzly work. 

	 He placed Akira's still warm heart into the open face of the 
lock.

 The door clicked and opened.

 Cronar stepped inside,. the room was much smaller then the outer one.

 This room completely bare except for the  coffin in the center.

 Cronar went over to the coffin, he looked down. There was a single 
word written in the old style  jurian.

 Kagato.

 Under the word was a carving of a face.

 Cronar guessed it must be the face of the one who now was resting in 
this tomb.

 He took out a third gem and placed it  in the small hole in the center 
of the  faces forehead.

	 There was a loud hiss and dust floated out from around  the 
tomb.

 Cronar lifted the lid up and  looked inside.

 He was surprised to find only  one skeletal hand and a skull.

 This must have been all they could find of him after his ship blew up.

 He thought to himself.

 He took the  two remains and placed them in a bag.

  He quickly made his way back to his ship being sure to take back each 
gem from its holder.

 He  could get a very good price for them on the black market.
	
	Cronar stored his prize in one of his many hidden storages 
through out his ship.

 "set a course for the royal palace of Juri." he said  as he entered 
the cockpit.

 "yes captain." the computer answered.

 Cronar seated himself In his chair.

 "course set. Time to arrival. 14 minutes."

	  the small ship's engines purred to life sending it to it's 
destination.

 "cloaking on." Cronar told the computer as soon as the ship broke 
orbit.

 
The ship moved farther away from the small moon shimmering until it was 
completely gone from sight.

 "cloaking at 100%." the computer informed him.

 "initiate sensor jam." Cronar told the computer. 

A light flashed on  just behind his head. " sensor jam active." the 
computer answered.  

	13 minutes later the ship made a silent landing just outside of 
the palace grounds.

  Cronar gathered what he knew  he would need and left the ship.

 It was night at the palace, just the  perfect time for him.

 Like a ghost he made his way to the  inside of the palace. 

 Once inside Cronar was a little surprised at how easy it was to get in 
here.

 There were very few guards in fact he hadn't seen any.

	  Guess they  figured no one would dare to  break into here. what 
fools.

 He thought as he made his way deeper inside.

  He entered the thrown room and still not one guard.

  He  had found the door leading  into the kings private chambers.

 He slipped inside.

 It was a hall and at the other end was another door, but this one had 
two Guards standing on either side of it.

  They where facing each other, Cronar could tell that they where most 
likely  two of the kings best knights.

 Both where older men, both wearing the faces of experience and power.

 Cronar  remained  still, watching them. Nether guard had moved.

	So Cronar knew that  he had not been heard or seen coming in.

  he thought for a moment, he could kill them now and they would not 
have  a clue .

 He smiled at how easy it was to take a life.

 He  reached into his  robe and  pulled out the  finely crafted 
handheld crossbows.

 They where both already set with a small bolt, the glisten of poison 
still on them.

 Cronar melted back into the shadows, like a light breeze he moved 
towards them. 

	One of the guards caught a small movement form the shadows. 

He turned to get a better look, causing the other knight to look as 
well.

 "what is it?" the second knight asked.

  " I thought  I saw something." the first one answered.

 The second knights eyes narrowed as he too seen it.

 The shadow began to swirl forming into a blacked cloaked figure.

	 His face could not be seen  for it was  hidden completely by a 
black wide rimmed hat.

  Both knights stepped on front of the door, there staves in hand.

 "remove yourself stranger or we will have no choice but to deal with 
you ." the first knight ordered the figure.

 Cronar slowly raised his head, revealing his  pale gray face and his 
cold gray eyes.

 Both knights stepped back

  "who are you ?" the second knight demanded.

	 Cronar stood  for a moment  "Cronar." he said.

 His robe fell away from his hands.

 The guards heard the small sound of crossbows firing.

 They put up there shield to stop the shots.

 The small bolts passed right thru the shield striking both knights in 
the stomach. 

	 They both looked down at the small bolt then at each other.

 Suddenly the first knight dropped his staff and fell to his knees.

  He clutched his stomach, his face showing his extreme pain.

  The knight leaned forward and began getting sick.

	 The second knight looked down in horror.

 Then he to  dropped down and started getting sick.

  Cronar walked over to them and leaned down on one knee.

 "Shall I tell you how you are going to die?" he asked them  knowing 
they could not answer.

 "it is going to be very  painful.

  You will not die from my poison, merely from its way.

  You are going to  keep  throwing up until your insides break loose 
and come up as well."

 he smiled down at the two helpless knights

 "oh and I bet you are wondering why  I was able to get thru your 
shield?" he asked them getting up to his feet.

	 " you  jurian's have forgotten your past, your shields only 
block energy weapons not good old fashion weapons." he stepped over 
them to the door.

 "you know you can stop them as well, but you have to train for it and  
I bet you have only been training  for  energy weapons.

 It seems I was right." he turned around and looked down at the knights 
again.

 " I  really would love to stay and see how this turns out but I have a 
king to kill." he slipped thru the door leaving the two knights to 
there fate.

	It didn't take him long to find the king's bed chambers.

 Cronar stood at the foot of the king's massive bed.

 There lay three sleeping persons Cronar knew the one in the middle was 
the king himself.

 To the kings right  lay a woman with water blue hair and to his left 
was another woman with  jet black hair. 

Cronar took out a small vial, inside was a long needle with a tuff of 
feathers on one end.

 He opened the vial and gently took out the  dart, being very careful 
not to touch the needle itself, for it had his most powerful poison on 
its tip.

 He fastened  the dart to the  end of a very fine silk thread.

  Reaching into his cloak again he took out a small blow gun.

  He ran the thread thru the blowgun's ends.

	 He took the end of the thread and made a small knot  in it.

 He placed the knotted end between his teeth, then sucked the rest of 
the  thread into his mouth.

 He finished getting the dart ready, he took one more look at the 
sleeping king.

 He aimed and in one quick breath, the dart stuck out of the side of 
the kings leg.

 The dart had pierced deep into his flesh passing thru the cover that 
was over him. 

	 The king made a slight shudder, he took two small quick breathes 
and was silent.

 Cronar pulled the dart back with the thread.

 He carefully put the dart back in the vial closing the lid tightly. 

 It took Cronar less the 15 minutes to get safely back to his ship.

 He boarded his ship

 " computer set a course to lady Tokime, make sure we are not heard or 
seen." he said  sitting back in his  flight chair.

  " as you  command." the computer answered. 

Soon the small ship was heading to lady Tokime, the space of Juri left 
behind. 

	D 3  hovered over the  large platform in front of  lady Tokime.

 " your servant has been successful ." he said to her.

 "help him get here." she said her voice ringing out from around her.

 " as you wish my lady." he answered closing his eyes.  

	In front of Cronar's ship opened a large sub-space portal.

 It was so close that the ship could not avoid it.

  "what is that?" Cronar asked the computer.

  " we have been pulled into a sub-space portal sir." the computer 
confirmed.

	 The ship entered the  portal and in the same instant exited it 
again.

  The ships sensor's pick up a lot of debris in front of it.

 "the remains of other ships sir." the computer seemed to answer 
Cronar's unspoken question.

  " then we are at lady Tokime's?" Cronar asked.

  The small ship settled just over a span of water.

 "yes  that is correct we are at lady Tokime's."

 next to the ship was  what looked like a transport of some kind.

  Cronar looked out over the water just a short distance.

  the water fell over the edge.

 What Cronar didn't see was that the water just fell over the edge into 
space.

 He found himself transported over to the  circular object the hovered 
next to his ship.

  The lady must be in a hurry to get my prize.

 He smiled to himself. 

	 It was a short trip  to the platform, Cronar was again 
teleported.

 This time he was standing in front of the massive face of D 3.

 "do you have the  item?" D 3 asked.

 Cronar stepped forward.

 " you know I do or you would not have brought me here so fast." he 
said sitting a bag on the floor in front of him.

  D 3 closed his eyes "yes my lady." he said

 " lady Tokime wishes  to thank you herself." D3 vanished.

 Cronar watched as large dark figures loomed up over him.

 Then in the center she appeared.

	 Even Cronar was in awe of her.

 He noticed behind her appeared two silhouettes.

 He could tell that each one was of a woman.

  " thank you Cronar for your service. I trust the king  of juri has 
been dealt with as well?" the lady asked.

 Cronar knelt down on one knee bowing his head.

 " yes my lady it has been done." he answered

. " very good now give me the gems." she  said.

 Cronar reached into his cloak and brought out the three black gems.

 They glowed in his hands then vanished.

	 As soon as Cronar felt the gems leave his hands he was over come 
with  pain in his chest.

  He through his head back, his hat flying to the floor behind him.

 He let out a ear piercing scream.

 He  brought his hands up to his face.

 His nails where growing at a alarming rate as was his hair.

 He watched as his fingers became old and brittle.

 He screamed out again as they became hard and shriveled.

	 "what is happening to me!!!!!" he screamed out in  pain.

 He could feel his eyes sinking farther back into his head and even a 
few teeth fell from his mouth.

  The power of my gems was to great for your body to handle so they 
sucked the life from your body  to  use in your finding  what I 
wanted." she told him with not one bit of remorse in her voice.

  D 3 watched as Cronar became so old he could no longer talk his body 
stiffened and fell to the floor.

 " is this how you reward those who serve you ?" D 3 asked her looking 
down at the withered body.

 " he has not died in vain.

 He too will become  part of my greatest champion." 

 "but you already have a champion." D 3 said wondering why  she would 
need another.

 "when the time comes D 3 ." she said not finishing what she started.

	 D 3 waited for a time when he realized that was all he was going 
to get from her.

 "you are looking into the future again my lady." he said.

 Lady Tokime  was unmoving and silent.

 	 D 3 gave up knowing he was not going to get a answer.

 " are you ready to begin my lady?" he asked.

 "yes let us start." she answered.

 In front of her appeared a large vat.

 inside the vat was filled with a yellowish liquid.


 Inside the liquid floated the form of Kain.

 
	 On the platform the body of Cronar and the bag  had risen into 
the air.

 They floated over the vat Cronar's body went first followed by the 
skull and  skeletal hand of Kagato.

 Lady Tokime moved down in front of the vat.

 She placed her hands on either side of it.

  Black power flowed over the vat, for a few moments it was like that, 
then she took her hands away.

 "it is done. All we can do  is wait ." she said returning  to her 
original place.

 Inside the vat the  liquid had turned into a thick yellow slime.

 Deep in the slime a black power pulsed. 

	Tenchi and Z where squared off face to face in the  shrine 
courtyard.

 each was holding a wooden bokken, lord Yosho was sitting close by 
under one of the cherry blossom trees.

 "began." he said to the two warriors.

 Each one began there opening exercises, there movements where perfect 
in time to one another.

 Each one finished with  the bokken in front of them and there eyes 
closed.

 They both opened there eyes each one  with a look of determination.

 They each charged the other, swords raised high.

 There was a large crack of wood as the swords met.

 The sounds could be heard more and more as they each tried to get past 
the others defenses.

  Tenchi was more agile then Z there for was just a little faster.

 Was the biggest reason that he had scored several hits on Z.

 but Z was more experienced  and somewhat stronger then Tenchi.

 so that had allowed for one or two hits of his own.

 Course Z knew that if this was real that he would be loosing more 
blood then his opponent. 

	"stop!" shouted Yosho.

  Both boys froze staring at the  older prince.

 "Ayeka what brings you here so early in the morning? And what is that 
you have there?" Yosho asked the princess who was standing at the top 
of the shrine steps.

 Tenchi and Z both looked over to the steps to see the princess.

 Z quickly stood at attention.

 " good morning Princess Ayeka." he said bowing deeply.

 "good morning Z." she said smiling at him.

	 Then her eyes rested on Tenchi, she smiled a little more bowing 
to him.

 " good morning Lord Tenchi."

 " good morning Ayeka." Tenchi smiled.

 Ayeka blushed slightly at his look then she remember Yosho had asked 
her a question.

 " oh I thought you might like  some tea and snacks since you had left 
before breakfast this morning." she walked over to where Yosho was 
sitting.

 Tenchi and Z had walked over to the two sitting under the tree.

 "ya Grandpa why did we have to do this so early anyway?  I am 
starving." Tenchi said taking  a rice cake from the tray.

 "Tenchi sometimes your enemies are not going to wait for you to eat 
before they start a fight." Yosho answered him. 

 Tenchi looked down "Oh."

 he reached up and rubbed the back of his head embarrassed he had not 
thought of that.

  " but I guess it will be ok since Ayeka went to all this trouble to 
bring it  up for us." Yosho said taking a cup for some tea.

  " here brother let me pour you some." Ayeka said taking the tea pot.

 " princess let me do that for you." Z said bending down to take the 
pot

 " You are the Royal Family .

 It is I who should be serving you."

 Ayeka smiled warmly  at him not letting him take the pot from her.

 " Z we are on earth not juri, there are no titles here we are equals." 
she told him

 " and besides." she smiled up at him. " I would be honored to serve 
tea to such  a noble knight."

  Z looked over at Yosho who shook his head yes.

 "yes Ayeka is right Z we are all just the same here." Tenchi said 
getting a cup as well.

  Z sat down taking a cup also.

	 Ayeka looked up at Tenchi.

 He was smiling warmly at her. 

She blushed deeply and looked away.

  "lord Tenchi. I am impressed for your youth your skills in the sword 
are already greater then mine." Z said taking a drink of his tea.

  "Z you did not use your powers?" Yosho asked already knowing the 
answer.

  "no I did not." he answered

 " I fought him on equal ground, I did not want to go into   battle 
with a much greater advantage over  Lord Tenchi."

   "now that we have eaten Tenchi! Z! I want another round." Yosho said 
in a stern  voice.

 Boy and Knight jumped out into the courtyard, Bokkens  in hand.

 "WhTTTT!!" Yosho  stopped  them.

 " you will not need those." he pointed to the wooden swords.

  Tenchi and Z both looked at each other not sure what Grandpa  meant 
for them to do, fight with there bare fist.

  They slowly lowered there  weapons and laid them on the ground.

 "use these." Yosho said tossing  the master key to Tenchi and Z's own 
jurian sword.

 Both  boys caught there weapon

	 "grandpa how did you get these?" Tenchi asked surprised.

 Z felt down to where he normally kept his trusty sword, sure enough it 
was gone.

 He smiled to himself, still full of surprises my lord he thought.

 Yosho sit perfectly still for a moment.

 "ha ha ha ha ha ha ha." he laughed throwing his head back.

 Then as soon as it had come  it was gone and  he sat still once more.

  Ayeka laughed softly as she was drinking her tea.

 "get ready now." Yosho said.

	 His hands shot forward, a barrage of rocks was fired at the 
boys.

  Z's sword sprang to life, small explosions formed around him as his 
blade disintegrated  the stones that flew at and around him.

 Tenchi was not as lucky, seeing all those rocks caused him to lose his 
focus therefore  his sword would not work.

 The rocks  barreled down on him.

 Just as Tenchi was sure he was going to get knocked  out, his  
instincts took over he skillfully used the  handle of the Tenchi-kin to 
deflect a few of the  rocks.

 His focus returned and the Tenchi-kin burst into a blade of energy.

 Rocks hissed off his blade and like Z's also disintegrated.

 "AHHHHHHHH!!" Yosho yelled.

 As he flew down on the boys Bokken Raised high over his head.

	 Z was completely caught off by this.

 Yosho Dropped down in front of him a small shield of power forming 
along his arm.

 He smashed the shield into Z, Knocking him off his feet and sending 
him crashing hard to the ground.


Tenchi brought his sword up just in time to deflect Yosho's wooden 
blade.

 Tenchi was surprised to see his sword hand not sliced his grandfathers 
in half.

 "why wont my Sword cut thru your wooden one Grandpa?" Tenchi shouted 
out deflecting another shot at him from Yosho.

  " This sword was carved from the root of my  sacred tree your sword 
can not harm the wood from the tree of which it was born." Yosho 
answered thrusting at Tenchi again. 

	Ryoko phased into the living room looking for Tenchi.

 She looked around and not seeing anyone teleported into the kitchen.

 Sasami was standing in front of the sink doing the dishes when Ryoko 
appeared.

 "Hey Sasami have you seen Tenchi?" she asked the blue haired little 
princess.

 Sasami turned around

 " oh hi Ryoko!" she said smiling at the demoness.

 she thought for a minute. " I haven't seen Tenchi this morning I think 
that grandpa wanted him and Z to come up to the shrine early for some 
kind of practice because they where gone before breakfast."

 
	Ryoko settled to the floor and took a muffin from the counter

 "oh some kind of practice." she said eating the muffin.

 So that was why Z was also gone so early she thought.

 She had went back out to that bed late last evening after watching 
over Tenchi for most of the night.

 She had been  disappointed when she got up to no breakfast cooked just 
for her.

  what she had really wanted was one  of them rolls, she couldn't 
remember now what he called them but they had been really good.

	  So she had tried her hand at making them from what she 
remembered.

 After making a huge mess she  made up her mind that she didn't 
remember enough to make them even close.

  So she left his kitchen in a mess and reminded herself to order Z to 
make them for her every morning before he left anywhere.

 Now she was  hungry but taking the time to try making them rolls 
caused her miss breakfast at the house as well.

 So she settled for muffins for now.

	 Sasami walked over to the other side of the counter where Ryoko 
was.

 Ryoko had a idea she smiled to herself that would be perfect she 
thought.

 "so Sasami then if they didn't eat they must be  hungry.

 So why don'y I take up some food for them." she laughed inside this is 
great now they wouldn't think she was just coming up for no reason and 
Tenchi would  be really glad to see her with some food.

  "oh that is ok  Ryoko, Ayeka already took some food up to them." 
Sasami told her

  "What!?" Ryoko  nearly spit out her muffin.

  She swallowed the rest of her food down.

 "that damn Ayeka always taking my ideas." she teleported outside, 
leaving Sasami standing alone in the kitchen.

  As soon as she materialized  outside she started flying up to the 
shrine.

 Yosho sent a blast of energy right at Tenchi.

 The young prince blocked the blast with  Tenchi-kin but the force of 
it sent him sprawling.

 Ayeka had never seen her brother attacking like that Both Z and Tenchi 
had various  cuts on them from the bokken.

 She knew that the wooden practice sword would not have done that kind 
of damage unless he was really  putting a lot of force behind it.

 Her heart pounded as she watched, fear getting the better of her.

 She could not stand it any longer.

 She  stood straight up

 " Brother!!" she called out the fear showing it self in her voice.

 "what are you doing? this  is not practice you are hurting Lord 
Tenchi."

 "Ayeka you are not to interfere with this." Yosho said as he deflected 
several strikes from Z's sword.

  	Yosho struck with his weapon, Z block  it with his  sword.

 Yosho saw his opening, he fired a burst of power at Z's wriest.

 The force of the power sheared off Z's hand completely.

 Ayeka threw her hands to her face and gasped.

 "oh Yosho." she cried. "please don't do this." 

 she wanted so badly to stop this but she dared not go against her 
brother. 

	 She could not watch any more.

 Where was that  demon woman when you needed her, she would stop this.

 She could go against  her brother.

 Ayeka covered her eyes and turned her back on the scene before her.

 Ryoko just reached  the courtyard when she saw Yosho take off the hand 
of Z

  "hey Yosho what the hell are you doing?" she shouted angrily down at 
him.

	 Then she saw Tenchi laying on the ground cut and bleeding.

 She didn't know what the hell was going on but she wasn't not going to 
have  this any more.

 She fired Two energy burst at Yosho he brought up his arm, his shield 
formed absorbing the blast.

 " azaka!! Kamadocki!!! Hold Ryoko." Yosho  ordered.

 "yes sir." they both said as they appeared on either side of her.

 She was instantly incased in a round force field. 

 She tried to bust thru it.

 Bolts of energy shot out incasing her in  pain, She screamed out. 

 The pain  that ran thru Z was very strong but also very brief .

 He looked down at his severed hand it had already started to heal 
over.

 He closed his eyes sending his power  down his  injured arm.

 The end of his wrist began to glow dark blue.

 Then the glow arched out into the shape of a hand.

 When the glow was gone Z was left with a perfectly new  hand.

	  Ryoko saw this and was quite surprised, she had thought only 
she was able to do that.

 "Z I order you to protect Tenchi." Ryoko screamed down from her 
prison.

 "as you wish my lady." Z answered moving between Tenchi and Yosho.

 He formed a energy blade from his new hand.

 Yosho  looked over at the two guardians "keep her quite."

 "yes sir." they said.

 A huge burst of energy ripped thru her.

 She threw her head back and screamed out in shear pain. 

	 Tenchi's eyes popped open 

"Ryoko." he said Tenchi started to get up.

 "z." Yosho said. " as first crown prince of juri  I order you."

 he paused for a moment.

 " to kill Tenchi."

 	Ayeka jerked her head up

. She could not believe what she had just heard.

 She spun around "brother no I will not allow this."

 she stepped forward her arms going up to call on her  power.

 "Ayeka!! Be still!" he commanded.

 She felt  his power wash over her she knew she could not stop this.

	 Tears rolled down her cheeks. 

" Tenchi  I am so sorry." she choked out thru her  tears.

 Ayeka couldn't  stand any more of this.

 So she ran for the stairs.

 She had to get as far away from this as she could.

 But she couldn't get very far.

 As soon as she reached the steps  Washu stepped out for the  shrubs 
she had been hiding in.

 "Ayeka why  the hurry you are going to want to stay and see this." she 
said  with  her knowing little smile.  

	Ayeka looked down at Washu, her face in total shock

. She just couldn't think any more even the words out of Washu's mouth 
made no since to her.

 Washu took her hand and slowly lead her back over to her spot under 
the tree.

  " by lady Ryoko's wishes, I shall not harm Lord Tenchi." Z said to 
Yosho his voice firm. 

 " you would go against a order given to you by the Royal house of 
juri?" Yosho asked him his glasses raising slightly

. By this time Tenchi had stood up.

 He was completely confused.

 Ryoko saw Washu  taking Ayeka back to the tree.

 What the hell is she doing?

 She thought to herself.

 Why isn't she helping Tenchi?

 Can't she see  that Yosho has gone mad?"

	 she screamed over the link at her mother. 

" what the hell is going on? Why are you not trying to stop this? He is 
going to kill Tenchi damn it !!!" 

 " slow down Ryoko." Washu answered her.

 Her head turning to look up at the trapped Ryoko.

  " I can only answer one thing at a time."

 "If anything happens to Tenchi." Ryoko sent back 

 " I will hunt you down and make you pay."

 her  golden eyes where ablaze with anger she raised her fist at Washu.

 " I swear it!" she send over the link.

	 Washu stumbled at the sear power of Ryoko's feelings  she sent 
along with her  threat.

	  Tenchi tried to focus on what was happening around him.

 But all it did was make his head spin so hard that he fell back to his 
knees holding his head.

 He had taken  quit a shot of Yosho's power and it's effects where 
still very strong. 

 " as you  once told me." Z said moving over closer to Tenchi.

 " this in not juri this is earth and we are all equals here."

 Yosho smiled.

 " ahh I see you remembered that" he said adjusting his glasses back.

 "then maybe you will remember this.

 You are a guardian and as such  you must always protect the life of 
those you have sworn  to protect.

 So if you do not do as I have ordered then I will have no choice but 
to order Azaka and Kamadaki to kill Ryoko."

 they all stared at him, there expressions ranged from Washu's knowing 
smile, to Ayeka's still blank stare, to Z's stone face and Ryoko's  
utter shock.

 "if she dies then you will be forever dishonored among the juri and 
you will bring shame on your family." 

 the cobwebs finally cleared from Tenchi's mind.

 He stood back up, he had only caught the last part of what Yosho said 
but it was enough.

 "What is going on here!" he said angrily.

 	Z had put his head down.

 " I am sorry my lady but I have no choice I must do this." he said 
softly.

 "Z Nooooooooooooooo!!" she begged him.

 Z's face softened from the pain he was causing her.

 He could feel his own soul crying out from the agony of his heart.

 But the softness was brief , he turned around to face Tenchi.

	 "Tenchi Maski by the order of the first crown prince of juri I 
have been ordered to kill you." Z let loose his total juri power.

  It flashed around him in a deep blue glow.

 His training outfit transformed into his juri battle armor.

 "WHATTT!!!!" Tenchi shouted jumping  back away from Z.


 	Ryoko  dropped to her knees.

 She was crying now

 "Z I beg you please don't do this."

 but it was to late Z charged Tenchi.

	 His blade met the Lightning fast power of Tenchi-kin's blade.

 Tenchi knew as soon as he blocked the blow that  had just made the 
same mistake he had with  his grandfather.

 By blocking the blow instead of dodging out of its path he left 
himself open for what had came next.

  Z reached his hand in front of the exposed  chest of Tenchi.

 The  juri power shot out of Z's hand hitting Tenchi directly in the 
chest.

  Tenchi went flying back several feet landing hard on his back.

 The impact of the landing knocked his breath out of him.

	 The Tenchi-kin went spinning across the courtyard.

 Z pressed his advantage leaping into the air and landing  right over 
the top of Tenchi.

  Z raised his sword over his head.

 Complete fear swept over Tenchi's face a Z swung his blade down on 
him. 

WOW  getting exciting now huh. I hope you are enjoying reading this as 
much as I am writing it. Any comments please feel free to email me 
Animal20200@ hotmail.com
  
