                     Night after the carnival 
                              Part 5


	Lady Tokime watched the  container holding her new toy.

 It was almost finished. 

The black mass inside had formed itself into the figure of a man.

 The yellow liquid inside began to bubble and swirl.

	 Lady Tokime smiled, it would be very soon  indeed.

 D3 appeared next to  the lady.

 "it will not be much longer." she said to him not taking her eyes off 
the  container. 

 "then we must start the next part of our plan." D3 said to her also 
watching the container.

 "yes we must, I will leave it up to you ." she said as she phased out.

 "yes my lady." he answered also phasing from the  room. 

	Kiyone and Mihoshi where on there way back to earth.

 There patrol had been complete and the report sent to H.Q.

 inside the ship Mihoshi was munching on some snacks and giggling.

 Her favorite show was on and Kiyone had been nice enough to let her 
watch it on her computer screen.

	 Kiyone was sitting in her seat quietly watching over the ships 
monitors.

 She  looked over at her blonde partner.

 She smiled to herself just a little. " you know Mihoshi eating to much 
of this stuff will make you fat."

 Mihoshi stopped watching her show and looked over at  Kiyone.

 "how do you expect to maintain G.P. regulations on physical 
conditioning?" Kiyone finished.

	 Mihoshi blinked once then it was like a light went off in her 
head.

 "oh you are so right Kiyone thanks."

 she put down the bag of snacks.

 "from now on  I am only going to eat good things.

 No more junk food for me that is for sure."  Mihoshi froze. 

	Kiyone saw her partner drop the bag she was holding on the floor 

"look what a mess you made Mihoshi!" she said angrily.

 She was ready to start yelling at Mihoshi when she saw that the  blonde 
G.P. officer wasn't moving at all.

 "Mihoshi?" she asked starting to look concerned.

 "Mihoshi are you  alright?" she asked again raising her voice louder. 

	Mihoshi fell a little bit forward 

"oh my." she said sitting back up in her chair.

 "something is not right.....it is not right at all." Mihoshi tapped her 
screen out  shutting off her TV show.

 Kiyone we have to get home fast something is wrong." she said  looking 
at her.

	 Kiyone seen the  fear on Mihoshi's face.

 "what is it Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked her worries showing as well.

 "I don't know but we have to get home." Mihoshi answered cleaning off 
her screen from the snack debris 

Kiyone studied Mihoshi, she was a lot of things she thought 

but Kiyone also knew that Mihoshi also had this  sort of gift.

	 It was all Kiyone could think to call it and she found  that she 
had grown to trust that gift.

 "main thrusters engaged." Kiyone said firing up the ship. 

"we will be home in a few minutes." Kiyone reassured her partner. 

	Z Stood over Tenchi his sword drawn down.

 instead of his blade being buried into Tenchi's chest.

 It was resting against the  force of one of Tenchi's light hawk wings.

 Tenchi's face was a mask of stone.

	 He used the power of the wings the push Z back.

 Z jumped away from  the wings power.

  Tenchi stood up and put both his arms in front of him. 

 Two of his wings flowed over him, transforming his juri armor into his 
light hawk armor. 

 He took a hold of the third wing transforming it into his light hawk 
sword. 

	 "STOP!!" Yosho shouted.

 Both warriors looked at the old man.

 So did everyone else even Ayeka.

 Yosho turned towards Washu.

 "did you get all the data you needed?" he asked her.

 She walked over to him, her face beamed with her smile.

	 "yes I got everything I need. Now I can help lord Tenchi to use 
his  light hawk power."

  she looked over at Tenchi giving him one of her seductive playful 
smiles.

  Yosho looked around at the others.

 "I am sorry for the deception but it was necessary  in order to get 
Tenchi to use his powers.

 He is going to need them very soon." 

	 Tenchi gulped under Washu's stare his light hawk powers leaving 
him once again.

 "but what if this had not worked?" Z asked.

 " I could have killed him." he said looking up at Ryoko.

 She was staring down at him, he could see the anger in her eyes.

	 "Release Ryoko." Tenchi told the guardians.

 "yes sir." they  said back as one.

 The  force field that was holding her vanished.

 She teleported down to Tenchi.

	 "are you alright." she said hugging him close.

 "Yes I am fine." Tenchi answered not pulling away from her embrace. 

She held him close for a moment  before turning to look at Z

 "and you." she teleported away from Tenchi and Reappeared in front of 
Z.

 "don't you ever do that to Tenchi again." she  growled at him.

 	She doubled up her fist and punched him  right in the mouth.

 Z's head shot around spinning his body around with it.

 Even though the force behind the punch was great he didn't fall. 

 " I am sorry  my lady." he said  his back still to her. 

	 "Ryoko." Yosho said.

 " do not take it out on Z, it is not his fault." 

she turned to  stare at Yosho.

 " when the time comes you will thank him for what he has done." 

	 "the  hell I will." she shouted back at him.

 She flew  towards Yosho drawing her fist back.

 When she was close enough she struck, there was a loud smack.

 Ryoko stopped stunned.

 Then she smiled 

" oh ya I forgot." she said looking at her fist caught in Yosho's hand 

"umm hum." he shook his head and smiled back.

 	"listen people." Washu said leaving Ayeka still standing under the 
tree.

  She walked over to stand by Tenchi.

 " I have come  across some information that may give us some answers as 
to who  our attackers are." she said.

 "you mean the guys from yesterday?" Ayeka asked her heart finally 
starting to slow down some.

 "yes that is some of what I mean but also who sent them.

 My data is not complete yet." she looked up at Tenchi 

	"I am sorry about tricking you into using your powers." she rested 
her hand on his arm.

 "with out knowing yet what we are facing I didn't want to count on pure 
luck that your powers would come when we needed them."

 Tenchi looked down at Washu for a second then a smile came across his 
face.

 "you sure had me going there for a while." he said looking over at 
Yosho.

	 "Washu came to me and explained about all her test not being able 
to  bring forth your powers.

 So I told her I would give it a try." Yosho answered.

 "and it worked." Washu said snuggling into Tenchi.

	 Ryoko Teleported back over to Z.

 she faced him, giving him a demanding look.

 "how come you have some of the same powers that I do?"

	 Washu saw another chance to display her great genius.

 " I can answer that for you my little Ryoko." she said letting go of 
Tenchi and coming to stand beside her daughter.

 "you see I ran some test on him.

 And I found something very interesting." she scratched her chin giving 
him a knowing look.

 " you see he is only  one third jurian." 

	Z looked down at her his eyes going wide.

 "there where three sets of genes in there." she continued.

 " one I knew quit well." she turned to look at Ryoko.

 " one set of DNA  was that of the mass."

	 now it was Ryoko who was looking surprised.

 "you mean that life form you used to create Ryoko?" Ayeka asked her 
surprise also showing.

  "ah  you remembered  that." Washu said turning to smile at her.

 "yes it the same one.

 I was quite surprised I tell you.

 But it gets much better." she paused to look at every one

	 " the second set of DNA was I am sure the mothers, my computer 
could not identify it.

 And that is  something that is just not done to my computer, it has 
every strand of DNA in the known universe."

 " what about the fathers?" Ayeka asked very curious.

 "now the fathers was easy." she said.

 " The DNA of the father is from juri." Washu walked around Z.

	 " I even know who the father is." she said her voice  giving  her 
a seductive tone.

 " I know who my father and mother was." Z said to her.

  " my father was a knight also and served many  faithful years," Z 
paused looking down to the ground.

 " he died defending the Palace when." he stopped Washu could see the 
pain in his face.

	 He swallowed hard. " when it was attacked." 

 Ryoko fell silent  her anger completely  gone.

 she had always  dreamed of the horrors that Kagato had forced her to 
do.

 She had always grieved for the ones she had killed.

 But now for the first time she was confronted with the  pain that the 
ones who survived had carried with them.

	  She lowered herself to her knees hiding the tears that where 
rolling down her face in her cyan hair.

 Tenchi  went to her.

 " are you ok Ryoko?" he asked softly as he knelt down to hold her.

 She clutched to him as she cried into his chest.

	 " I have hurt so many." she sobbed.

 Z turned around and went to her.

 " you didn't hurt those people Ryoko." Tenchi said  stroking her hair.

 " Kagato made you do those things. 

There was nothing you  could do every one knows that now." 

"yes lady Ryoko he is right. 

When news about Miss Mihoshi's report got out.

 Everyone knew then who was to blame." Z said trying to Reassure her.

	 Ayeka's first Reaction when she saw Tenchi go to Ryoko and the 
way he held her.

 She was furious, but one look at Ryoko and the anger left.

 She could see the true torment that her rival was going thru.

 Ayeka walked over to them " come now Ryoko even if I can  be your 
friend.

 That should tell you  that we all know that it wasn't your fault."

	  Ryoko looked up from Tenchi's chest.

  She saw the smile on Ayeka's face.

 She gave the princess a small smile.

 Ayeka reach out her hand for Ryoko.

 " come on now and get up.

 It is not proper for a lady to be sprawled out  on the ground like 
that." she gave a huff 

" really Ryoko you are so manner less." Ayeka gave her a mischievous 
smile.

	 Ryoko took her hand and stood up

 " ya but I did manage to get a hug from Tenchi." she teased back at 
Ayeka.

 "oh ya Washu you said you knew who Z's father was?" Ryoko asked 
remembering something being said about it earlier.

  "yes I did." Washu answered crossing her arms in front of her. 

	 "well who is it?" Ryoko  asked again  a slight edge to her voice.

  "yes I bet you would like to know now wouldn't you." Washu said 
walking  across the courtyard. 

she stopped and turn around "Z I would like you to meet your father." 

she turned and looked over at the old man.

 "Yosho."

	 "What!!!" came the  chorus of voices  from the courtyard.

   the  once calm old man  went ridged a deep blush formed under his 
glasses.

  "miss Washu are you sure about this?" he said  to her, his eyes wide.

 "yes very sure his DNA and yours where a perfect match." she  replied.

	 "lady Washu this can not be." Z said finally finding his voice.

 " I told you that I know my parents they where always with me.

 Even as a child they are all I can remember." 

 " I am sorry Z but DNA does not lie." she said  with concern.

	  "so then that means you are my uncle." Tenchi said standing up 
himself.

  " no this can not be." Z said as he phased out.

 "Z Wait!" Washu called after him. 

There was that feeling again.

	 She search her mind for the source.

 Ryoko got a sudden feeling along her link this time as well.

 What was that she thought.

 Ryoko opened up her link to  Washu.

 did you feel that? she asked in Washu's mind.

	 yes that was what I was feeling before, but this time who ever it 
is  isn't trying to hide it Washu answered still running along the link.

 Oh my she  thought as a wave of confusion raced back at her.

 She closed off the connection before the feeling over came her.

 Oh Z she thought.

	 Z? Ryoko asked.

 Yes Z has the link.

 I was pretty sure it was him since I didn't start having this feelings 
until he showed up.

 "boy Miss Washu you sure know how to bring out the big surprises don't 
you." Ayeka said  moving a little behind Tenchi.

 "and nobody does it better." Washu Replied laughing loudly. 

" and I still have more." she said her face becoming suddenly serious. 


	Sasami was sitting outside on the front porch looking up at the 
sky.

 Her hand gently petting Ryo-oki as the little cabbit slept on her lap.

  She looked down when she felt one of Ryo-oki's ears lift up

 "meow." the cabbit said sleepily. 

	Sasami giggled "it is Kiyone and Mihoshi back from patrol."

 she said happily sitting  the cabbit down on the porch 

"come on Ryo-oki lets go and see them." she  hopped up and ran for the 
lake.

 "Meow!" Ryo-oki exclaimed.

 And  bounced off after the little princess.

	 As Sasami reach the lake the bright red hull of the Yagame broke 
thru the  clouds and settled just over the lake.

  At the lakes edge the two G.P. officers materialized.

 "hi Mihoshi and Kiyone." Sasami shouted happily.

 "how was your patrol?" she asked when she got closer

 "Meow Meow." chimed  in Ryo-oki.

	 "hello Sasami." Kiyone greeted her warmly.

  "Is everything ok here?" she asked. 

"why yes I think it is." she said  puzzled.

 "why do you ask?"

	 " oh  hi Z!" Mihoshi greeted the Knight before Kiyone could 
answer Sasami's question.

 . Kiyone and Sasami looked along the bank where Mihoshi was waving.

 "good after noon miss Mihoshi, Miss Kiyone." Z greeted them when he was 
closer. 

"and good afternoon to you  Princess Sasami." he said bowing to her. 

	Sasami laughed at the knight " good after noon to you to Z."

 Kiyone was also going to greet him when she saw how completely ragged 
he looked.

 Not only in clothes but also in his face.

 "what is wrong Z?" she asked concerned for the knight.

 "oh so I see that I do not hide  my feelings very well." he said  to 
her.

 " I got a bit of shocking news today."

 	"oh? What happened?" she asked. 

 Z stood there for a moment.

 "miss Kiyone if it is ok  with you  I am not comfortable yet with  this 
and I have not really sorted out how I feel about it ." he stammered. 

" may I have some time alone first before I share this with you?" 

Kiyone was taken back by this but also understood.

	 "yes of course Z we can talk later." she told him.

 " thank you." he said bowing to her.

 "if you will excuse me." he said before he started for his cabin.

 " aww  it must not have been good news poor thing."  Mihoshi said 
looking after him.

	 " I am starving Sasami is there anything to eat?" Mihoshi asked 
seeming to already  have forgotten what had just happened.

 Sasami blinked a couple of times.

 She to had watched Z walk off towards his house.

 " oh! Yes I have some snacks I made for everyone since hardly anyone 
was at breakfast this morning." Sasami said snapping out of her  stare.

  The three girls walked back to the house With Ryo-oki not far behind. 

 "where is everyone else?" Kiyone asked stepping onto the porch. 

	" oh well let me see  Tenchi, Z, grandfather, Ayeka, and Ryoko are 
up at the shrine and I am not sure where Washu is." Sasami told her 
opening the front door.

 She stopped and giggled a little.

 "well I guess Z is no longer up there. 

So the others might be coming down shortly." 

	D3 transformed himself into a human form.

Even so he was still a very imposing figure.

 He had a long white beard and long white hair to match.

 His body was very full and his arms where as thick and strong as any  
being in this universe. 

Over  each  bicep was a band of gold.

	 He was wearing only a silk sleeveless shirt and long pants.

 His boots can up to just above his knees with the outer sides going on 
up to his hip.

 On the back of each hand  and cover around the wrist  where silver  
bands over each knuckle was a small claw the curved over and  out.

 Its edges sharp as  a razor.

	  Behind him  furled a long cape it was  a darker blue then his 
shirt and pants.

 Across his brow he wore a jet black head band in it's center was a 
glowing blue gem. 

D3 Teleport himself inside of a very large dark room.

 He glanced around before making his way over to a massive thrown.

	 He stopped in front  of the thrown , his body began to grow until 
he was  the right size to sit  upon it.

  Once he was seated he closed his eyes to wait.

 Outside the room he could hear the chanting of thousands of voices.

 Yes it wont be long now, he thought. 

	On a planet about 80 light years from  earth and 120 light years 
from juri.

 The people that lived there were  gathering.

 They came from all corners of the planet to this one colossal temple .

 The building itself was pearl white.

	 Its shape was long and square, With a slanted roof.

 All around the walls where mammoth round pillars.

 Making it look as they where holding the roof over the rest of the 
building.

	  The crowds  of people where all wearing white robes tied around 
the waist with a golden cord. 

on their feet they wore white sandals that strapped up  to just under 
the knees.

 As they got closer to the temple they would drop to there knees and 
began chanting.

	 Standing on a raised platform in front to the temple was a single 
man.

 He was much older then the rest of the people.

 He wore the same type  clothes as the others.

 The only difference was the  on his head he wore a open crown of golden 
leaves. 

	The crown was open  across his forehead, the golden leaves formed  
on each side of his head going around the back into a single  band.

  He looked out over the crowd as far as he could see was  just hordes 
of people.

 There chanting was deafening but it also carried a eerie  calmness to 
it.

	  He watched out to the  horizon, the sun was  just beginning  to 
set.

 He watched closely as the sun slowly lowered until the tip just touched 
the edge line of the earth.

 He turned to the  Temples great doors he raised  both hands high into 
the air.

  " ZUES!!!" he bellowed over the masses.

 " come forward. Your faithful beg thee. Come lead us to glory!" he 
screamed.

 	Clouds began to form over the temple, at first they where gray but 
soon the blackness over took them. 

  They broke loose with great explosions of thunder that shook the 
ground.

 Great giant bolts of lightening burst down on the temple, hitting each 
of the  four corners.

 The power of the lightening flowed over the building, rushing over it's 
walls and going into the  massive doors

	.  For a few moments there was nothing.

 Inside the temple D3 felt the  lightening burst inside and race  along 
the inner walls. 

 He opened his eyes, stood up and walked over to the door. 

	Outside the head priest watched for any sign.

 He wasn't kept long.

one of the large doors  started to move slowly open.

  The crowed immediately dropped their faces to the  ground.

Even the head priest fell to his knees and bowed down.

	 The doors opened up showing the great god behind them.

  D3 looked over the sea of followers, better make it look good he 
thought.

 He reached both of his hands to the sky, large bolts of lightening shot 
to the heavens.

 " it is I Zeus." his voice boomed over the  people  his eyes crackled 
with  power.

 " the time has come for you take your rightful place in this universe." 
he said  lowering his arms 

	" the rule of juri  has come to a end, we are going to take what 
is ours."

 " what  should we do  oh great Zeus." the high priest asked standing 
back to his feet.

 " D3 looked down at the little man

 " wipe them out." he said his tone low and dangerous. 



Well there ya go part 5  I sure hoped ya liked it!

 Ok ok so I guess  I do have a little explaining to do. 

Why  Zeus you say?? Well my dear reader the answer is simple.

 It was the only god that I could think of that d 3 looked like to me.

 So I used that as a basis for his army to have a Greek theme.

 Hay now keep a open mind ok  *big cheese grin* 

 well anyway I would really like to know what you think so far and if ya 
have any questions I would be glad to answer them 

( without giving away how it is going to end) to find that out you just 
have to keep reading.

 Send all comments to animal20200@hotmail.com


 Part 6 coming soon to a web page near you !!





















