                   Night after the carnival (part two)


	 " so you can just go back to wherever it is you came from. Beside 
I have Tenchi."

 she teleported back over to Tenchi sitting close to him.

 It didn't escape her that he  moved away from her.

  He didn't even try to do anything she thought Looking  at Tenchi as he 
stared at Z.

  Tenchi was speechless he couldn't believe what he just saw.

 	 Z bowed his head low and for a second he was totally lost.

 he had not  even considered she  would say no.

 he had not thought about what he would do is she did.

  Again  his knight training saved him, he quickly regained himself

 " as you wish lady Ryoko." 

  Z stood up and turned to face the others at the table.

 " thank you for a wonderful lunch." he looked at each one of them.

 " if you will excuse me I shall be going." he  turn to  leave.

	 " wait a minute!" Washu said.  " oh the things a mother has to do  
to get her thick headed daughter to see what she has."

  Washu  clasped her hand together and put on her little girl look.

 " oh sometimes it is just to much for me to bare."

 " stow it mom." Ryoko  snarled at her. 

	" you don't see what  was just handed to you do you ." Washu 
looked at Ryoko.

   " he is offering himself as your guardian . don't you get that?" she 
said over  there link

. " he is yours to  command." 

 then Ryoko's  mind clicked.

  He will do anything I ask of him, I can have him do all the things I 
don't like to do Ryoko grinned to herself inside.

 " ok mom you win." 

 " I thought you would see it my way." Washu sent back.

	" ok Z I will let you be my guardian." Ryoko Stared hard at him. " 
but stay out of my way got it." 

" as you wish."  Z answered.

   Washu felt a little sensation in the back of her mind.

 She  focused  on it trying to find its source.

  Her eyes went wide it's a link!!!! She  shouted inside her head.

  She raced to  tract t down to see who it was coming from.

	 But it was to  late who ever it was had  already closed it off. 

  You think you can hide from me?

 She laughed out inside her head  I am the greatest scientific  genius 
in the universe!! 

 You wont hide from me.

 She  gave herself a small smile. 

	 Z  turned back around and faced Ryoko " lady Ryoko I shall be 
outside if you have need of me." 

 he bowed toward her and started to walk out of the dinning area.

 She  half looked at him as he turned to go.

 " Ya whatever." she said  turning back to Tenchi

. She started to  hug him when she  saw the sour look on his face.

 "What?" she asked her eyes giving away the hurt.

	 "You know you don't have to be so mean all the time."

  He said the her  as a matter of factly he closed his eyes to her, 
turning his head back to his lunch.

 Her lower lip began to quiver lightly.

 "but I let him stay didn't I?" her eyes pleaded with him to look at 
her.

 But  he refused and just slowly kept eating.

 	 Her mind screamed WHAT DID I DO !! WHAT DID I DO??!!

 Her shoulders slumped as she looked down and away from him.
 Slowly she turned to her lunch and quietly picked at it.

 she lowered her head down more  hiding her face in her cyan hair so the 
others wouldn't see the tear run down her cheek.

	The rest of the meal went in silence the others not really sure  
what to say.

 When Yosho stood up " if anyone needs me ill be up at the shrine Sasami 
thank you for the lunch."

 " Oh you are welcome Grandpa!" she waved to him with one of her bright 
warm smiles.

 The rest watched him leave.

 "Well  guess it is time for me to get as well." Washu said.

 Standing up and stretching her hands out in front of her.

 "little Ryoko?" she said  looking down at her daughter.

 " I want you to come to my lab later on today. I have some stuff I want 
you to do."

 	 Ryoko nodded her head yes  still  not looking at anyone.

  Washu  gave a quick look at Tenchi she could tell he was already  
fighting with his guilt for  hurting Ryoko.

  Trying to grow up are we Tenchi? She thought to herself.

 She stepped in front of her lab door and opened it up.

 But before she went in she  looked over at Ryoko, her eyes softened.

 She looked only for another moment before lowering her eyes and going  
thru the  door. 

	Tenchi was fighting inside himself.

 He wanted so much to tell her he was sorry  and didn't mean to hurt her 
he hated himself for it.

  But the other part was holding firm to his resolve.

 She has got to learn to stop treating  people like that.

 So he did what he has do for some many times before,..nothing.

	 Each one who finished there food got up and quietly moved away 
from the table.

 Until only Ryoko and Tenchi  where left.

  " Ryoko." he said softly not being able to bring himself to look at 
her.

 " I am sorry but it is wrong to treat everyone like that."

 "Tenchi." she said  he could her the pain in her voice.

  "What Ryoko?" he asked finally looking at her.

	 She felt his eyes on her. She  slowly looked back up at him  when 
he looked upon her face his heart sunk.

 Her cheeks where streaked with tears and her eyes held such hurt.

 He couldn't bare to  look anymore and lowered his eyes.

  She watched him look down.


	 She couldn't stand it any longer and quietly phased away. 

  Ryoko reappeared on the roof sitting down with her knees pulled up to 
her. 

She looked out over the yard following the lines of woods the reached 
out to the base of the mountains.

 The view is so lovely here she thought to herself.

 She  traced the  edges of the mountains with her eyes following them 
down  to the lake.

 She could feel her spirits starting to lift.

	  Her eyes came across a figure standing on the bank of the lake.

 She sharpened her eyes until she could see  who it was.

  It was Z, she turned a little to get a better look.

 He was  standing very still like he was just staring out over the water 
or maybe beyond to the mountains she wondered.

  She could feel her anger getting stronger.

 He was the one who caused Tenchi to treat me that way.

 She stood up ready to take flight.

	 She was going to  take her anger out on him.

 Then she saw Tenchi come out form the front of the house.

 He was carrying his  basket on his back and his hoe over his shoulder.

 Ryo-oki meowing happily at his heals.

 She stopped her flight as she watched him walk down towards the fields.

 	 Then she realized it wasn't Z who was at fault at all.

 In her mind she played what Tenchi had said to her at the table.

 " you have to stop treating people like that"

  treating people he said not Z. 

 she phased herself back to the roof consoling herself to just watching 
the man standing at the edge of the lake.

	Ayeka was sweeping off the front steps of the house.

 She was so deep in thought that she didn't noticed that she had been 
sweeping the same spot  for five minutes.

  I have never seen  lord Tenchi  so forceful and stern with Ryoko 
before.

  Is he finally coming to his  senses and throw that  nasty  pirate out.

  Oh do I dare hope that  it will happen. 

	She was smiling to herself inside.

 Oh at long last Tenchi will profess his love to me.

 Oh  she knew she should have been overjoyed at this.

 But one look at how Ryoko took it she felt no joy in it.

 She may be a lot of things Ayeka thought and right now she could think 
of  quite a few.

	 But the one thing she did know inside even  though she didn't 
want to admit it

 Ryoko loved him just as much as she did.

 She couldn't  help but feel sorry for her it could just as easily been  
me in her shoes.

  She was so deep in thought that she didn't notice Tenchi had came out 
onto the porch carrying his basket and hoe. 

 " ummm Miss Ayeka?" he asked seeing her not moving.

 "oh Lord Tenchi!" she said shocked.  " I am sorry I didn't see you come 
out of the house." 

 she held the broom tightly to her and stepped  to the side of  him. 

" You are on your way to the fields?" she asked seeing the basket.

 " oh yes I got to get  one of the fields planted  before it gets to 
late.  Tenchi replied.

 "well have a good day lord Tenchi." Ayeka  smiled.

	 " thank you Ayeka." he said walking down the front steps and into 
the yard.

  She watched as he  headed towards the fields  she smiled to herself 

 " Oh!" she cried out

 "Meow Meow Meoooooow!"  Ryo-oki bounced out the front door and after 
Tenchi.

 " you scared me you silly little thing." she laughed at herself after 
realizing what it was that jumped out at her.

  She watched the two  until she couldn't see them any more.

 Things are looking much better she chuckled to herself. It wont be much 
longer, I can feel it. 

	Z stood at the edge of the lake  looking out across it over the 
forest to the mountains.

  He still was having trouble believing he was  in the same room as 
Ryoko.

 She was everything he had remembered back on juri.

 And now he was with her and she had accepted him as her guardian.

	  He stood there completely still closing his eyes he let himself 
be calmed by the sounds of the forest.

 The  way the forest sung enchanted his soul.

 He reached into his  pocket and drew out a small wooden flute  it was 
delicately carved with  leaves and branches.

 He put the flute to his lips and began to play.

 The notes flowed out into the air mixing with the sounds of the forest.

	 The music began to sing with the song of the forest.

  Ryoko watched him reaching into his pocket and take something out she 
tried to see what it was but  his hand covered it up from her.

  Then she saw him bring  the object to his face.

 Soon after her ears picked up the sound it was very faint for her to 
hear but she knew it was some kind of music.

 Her curiosity  was aroused, she  teleported down  to the yard and then 
teleported a small distance behind him.

 As soon as she reappeared her ears filled with  the  most wonderful 
thing  she has ever heard.

  It was enchanting  the music  melted into her.

 She wanted to close her eyes and just listen then she heard the forest 
as it joined  the song. 
	
	Z put finished his little tune and placed his flute back  its 
place. 

 " you play really well."

 he froze  " lady Ryoko!" 

willing his body to move he turned to her and bowed.

 " I am sorry  I will leave." he said starting to walk away.

 " wait a minute." she stopped him. 

  He stopped and turned  to her.

 " I didn't mean  you couldn't ever be around me." she said  after he 
turned to her.

  " I meant I just didn't want to have to worry about you  is all." she 
said half smiling at him.

 " you have my word you wont have to worry about me." he said looking 
her straight in the eyes. 
	
	 She was thrown off by this.

 She hadn't ever had anyone look at her like  he just did.

 He was  so calm not fidgeting like Tenchi always did and there was  no 
fear of her at all.

 If she didn't know better she was almost sure the what she saw was that 
he wanted to truly be right here where he was.

  She felt her face get warmer.

 OH my god!!! Am I starting to blush she  said to herself completely 
shocked.

  Damn you Zero!! Stop this already, he is not Tenchi.

	 She could feel herself regaining control.

 " where did you learn to play like that?" she asked.

 " my mother taught me, she  started when I was very young. They use to 
say I could play before I could walk or talk."

 he looked at her she was smiling.

 He had never seen her smile before this moment.

 His breath wouldn't come, the shear  beauty of her smile was 
overwhelming.

	 "would you  like for me to play  something for you ?" he asked 
when his voice  finally came back to him.

 Yes! Her mind shouted. "ok you can play something for me if you like." 
she said instead.

  " very well." he smiled. He reached up and untied his  cloak and 
spread it over a fallen tree truck.

 " if you would like to sit." he motioned for her to sit where he had 
placed his cloak.

	 She phased out from where she was standing and phased back 
sitting where he  had motioned for her.

  He stepped back a couple of steps from her

. He turned around and sat on the ground.

 He brought out his flute and began to play. 

	The sun was beating down on  Tenchi as he was  working his hoe 
making rows to plant the new carrots.

 He had removed his shirt some time ago it was already soaked with 
sweat.

  Ryo-oki was following close behind dropping seeds in the little holes 
Tenchi made and then covering them back up.

 " boy Ryo-oki  with your help ill get this one done today." he said 
smiling at the little cabbit .

 " meow meoow meow." Ryo-oki said happily at him.

  " Lord Tenchi." Ayeka called out.

  Tenchi looked  over and saw the princess walking toward him.

 " oh hi Miss Ayeka." he said wiping the sweat off of his forehead.

  " it is hot out today ." she said coming up in front of him.

 " so I thought you could use  some  tea." she smiled at  him showing 
the  container she brought.

 " oh Yes Miss Ayeka  thank you very much I was getting  thirsty."

 she beamed. "Oh!.... Here let me pour you some." she said excitedly.

	 She took out a  small cup and poured some into  it and handed it 
to him.

  She blushed and looked down  feeling his hand touch hers as he took 
the cup.

  He quickly drank  down the tea

  "ahhhhh. Thank you very much Ayeka  I really needed that." he said  
finishing off the tea.

  " Tenchi?" she said  filling his cup again for him.

 " about what happened at the  table this afternoon."

 "ummm...Oh..... Well I was kind of hard on her wasn't I?" he  said

	  " well she  has to understand it is wrong to treat everyone the 
way she does." he finished.

   " yes you are right."  she said agreeing with him.

 She wasn't sure how to take this at first she  thought that he had  
finally saw Ryoko for who she was a monster with no morals.

 But then  what if he  was doing this to change her...... To change her 
into what... Then her eyes widened. into something he can love...her  
heart started to race.

 As fear took hold of her thoughts. 

	  Just before she thought she was going to cry out

. No! No! I wont believe it he would never choose her over me.

  Pushing that thought aside she  picked up his cup and rose.

 " Lord Tenchi I have to go  and help Sasami with something. Will I see 
you when you get home?" she asked.

 " ummm  yes  ill be home in a bit."

  Ayeka gathered the things she had brought, smiling at him once more 
before turning and starting back to the house.

  Tenchi sat there for  a little while watching her as she left. 

	   Kiyone and Mihoshi where cruising just on the outer rim of the 
solar system.

  The Yugami rounded the  left side of Pluto.

 "ok Mihoshi." Kiyone said. " lets make our report so we can head home."

 she reached over to the panel at her side.

 The controls came to life under her fingers, she  typed in a few 
commands.

 " ok! Kiyone," Mihoshi  replied cheerfully typing on her panel.

 " the Report has been sent." the panel beeped, 
	
	"Oh the report has been confirmed." Mihoshi said reading the  
signal on the screen.

 "Yaaa Now we can go home! I am starving." She exclaimed. 

"MihoshYou are always hungry." Kiyone sighed.

 Mihoshi giggled.  "Ok course is set for earth, if we are lucky we will 
make it home just before dinner."
 
	The engines of the Yugami burst into life, turning the ship back 
towards earth.

  The ship rocked as it was struck on the starboard side by laser fire.

  Both officers where slung to the ground from the attack.

 Kiyone was the first to recover and get back into her seat.

 Her hands furiously  typing over her panel.

 Lights and singles where displaying on her screen "Mihoshi!!" she 
screamed 

"hurry up and get  over here!"

 Mihoshi  finally  reached her chair.

 "now keep us from getting hit again." Kiyone ordered her.                                                                                                                                   

	"right." Replied Mihoshi . Suddenly she was very focused taking 
control of the flight gears.

  More laser fire rushed at them but Mihoshi guided the ship out of  
harms way.

  Kiyone had completed a scan  of the area, it revealed a ship.

 She  quickly  realized the this ship was  way outclassed by the Yugami.

	 She opend communications  " this is dective 1st class Kiyone. Who 
are you  and why are you firing on us?"

  the smaller ship didn't answer but just kept firing on them.

 Mihoshi had managed to get the  Yugami  turning into the  laser, 
bearing the ships weapons down on the  smaller  ship.

 Kiyone's anger began to get the better of her. " Ok!! Buddy you asked 
for it! Firing on galaxy police offiers is a serious crime! You are  
under arrest!"

	 Kiyone armed the Yugami's weapons.

 "If you don't surrender right now I will be forced to blast you ." 

the smaller ship didn't give any sign of stopping its attack.

 Kiyone's Left eye Started to twitch  her eyebrows drew together.

 " OK! YOU ASKED FOR IT!" she screamed into the  console.

	 The Yugami's  laser's fired  on the ship.

  It  tried to manuver out of the line of fire. 

But it was to slow the lasers ramed into its hull. 

 The little ship shuddered as the blast exited out its other side.

	 Kiyone could see the effects of the smaller explosions  going off 
inside the ship.

 Then ther was a burst of light followed by a deffening roar as the  
small ship exploded into a million pieces of  now burning space junk.

  Mihoshi found herself thrown back to the  floor.

 Kiyone had manged to stay in her chair by hanging on to the control 
panels. 

 " Mihoshi?" she asked when the ship had become quite again.

  "OW!" Mihoshi  moaned not moving from the floor.

	  Kiyone looked back at her partner making sure she was ok.

 " I ma going to run a check on that ship." she told  her going back to 
her panel.

 " Mihoshi  as soon as you can  you  need to make a report for 
headquarters." 

" ok Kiyone." Mihoshi said finally able to  get up. 

	Everyone was gathering  at the  table for dinner.

 Sasami was placing trays down she had carried from the kitchen.

 Yosho was sitting at his spot at the head of the table listening to 
Nobiyuki  talk about his day at the office and the  newest building 
desin he was working on.

  Washu sat just to Yoshos left, she was reading one of her many books 
or at least that is what everyone thought.

 But Washu was more interested in watching Ryoko and Z  that where 
sitting on the  other end of the table.

  Neither one of them where talking to each other Z sat quietly on 
Ryokos right.

	 Ryoko was already filling her plate with food.

 But what got her attention  was how at ease they where with each other.

 She smiled to herself "Oh by the Way Z would you mind coming to my lab 
after dinner I have things I want to do to you."

 she grined suggestively at him.

 Z looked over at her, his face blushed slightly.

 " I beg your pardon? Lady Washu." his eyes where wide.

	 Washu eyed Ryoko her smile got bigger when she saw the reaction.

  Ryoko had stopped filling her plate and looked over at her mother at 
first it was one of surprise then one of anger.

  "yes I want to gather some data from you for my records.

 Since you are going to be staying here."  Washu looked back to Ryoko. 

 She put her hands to her cheeks going back to Z her face was one of 
embarrassing surprise

 "OH my! What was you thinking."

 she turned her head slightly away from him still keeping her eyes on 
him.

 " you where wanting to do naughty things to me wasn't you." her voiced 
taking on  the childish form.

	  "MOM!!!" Ryoko growled at her slaming  her plate of food down in 
front of her half of it  falling off onto the table.

  Z flushed " LLLady Washu I would  never do such a thing."

  "oh it is ok Z darling I don't mind."  she gave him a very seductive 
gaze. 

 She could have swron he dropped two deep shades of red.

  Ryoko jumped to her feet " I said knock it off!!"

 she shouted at Washu balling her hand into a fist her power sparkling 
over it.

 " you are always trying to  take anything that is mine." she glared at 
her.  

	"hello everybody I am home." Tenchi stopped when he saw Ryoko 
about to let loose one of her energy blast.

 "what is going on here."  he asked.

 Not really sure he wanted to know.

 " Oh it is just Ryoko being Ryoko." Washu answerd.

	  Ryoko suddenly Realized Tenchi was  here.

 She teleported over to Tenchi thowing her arms around him.

  " Oh Tecnhi!" she pouted.

 " washu is being  really mean to me."  she said laying her head on his 
shoulder.

	  Washu  finished  her dinner and got up from the table

 "Little Ryoko I'll see you in my lab when you are done right?" she 
asked.

 " and when I am thru with you  Sasami I'll see you ." 

 " ok Washu." Sasami answered her cheerfull look faded a little.

	 Washu went to her lab door. "and Ryoko don't make me come looking 
for you."

 she gave  Ryoko one of her knowing looks.

 " Oh fine!" Ryoko replied angerly.

  Tenchi had manged to sit down with Ryoko still clinging to him.

 Ryoko noticed for the first time that Z was now sitting beside Yosho 
just as he had at lunch. 

	 She  looked over at him.

 He was sitting quietly with his head bowed and eating.

  Hum I didn't even see him get up she thought to herself.

 Oh well more room for me and Tenchi.

  She started to  snuggle in closer when she felt him pulling her arms 
off  of him.

 " Ryoko!" he said  sucking in his breath. " I cant breath and I would 
like to eat ok."

 she took her arms off of him

 " Oh I am sorry Tenchi.." she giggled blushing

 " I didn't mean to squeeze so hard."

 " it's ok." he choked out.  

	Kiyone had just gotten back the information on the ship.

 " it was a frieghter from the saloran system." she paused for a second 

" but how could that be that system is on the other side of the galaxy." 

 " wow he sure is a long way from home isn't he Kiyone?"  Mihoshi asked.

  	" why would it fly all the way cross the galaxy just to shoot at 
us." Kiyone asked more to herself.

 " I don't know." Mihoshi replied. " maybe we owed them money?"

  " get real Mihoshi." Kiyone said getting annoyed.

 " well lets head back home and we will see what hq says about it." 
Kiyone said turning the yagami around.

  " course plotted and engines engadged." Mihoshi  called out. 

 The engines fired and the yagami was heading towards earth. 

	After dinner Z had excused himself and headed towards the shrine 
that Yosho had left for earlier.


He loved this walk up a long  flight of steps, the cherry blossom trees 
covering them with a light blanket of cherry blossom petals.

  The air smelled of the  wonderful little red flowers. 

 Yes the thought to himself  he was going to like it here very much.

 It took him about 20 minutes to reach the front door of the shrine 
office.

	  Z knocked lightly. " come." came Yosho's voice from inside.

 Z slid open the  door and steped inside Yosho was sitting  at his  
table writing out  parchments.

  " thank you for seeing me lord Yosho." Z said bowing to him. 

 "What is it you wish to see me about?" Yosho asked not looking up from 
his work.

  Z stepped closer into the room. " My lord I wish to ask  for your 
permission to put a place for me to stay in down close to the lake."

	 Yosho stopped what he was doing and turned toward Z

 " do you not want to stay in the house with the others?" he asked.

 " lady Ryoko request that I stay out of her way so I shall not stay in 
the house."

 " oh I see." Yosho understanding the knights oath knew that it would be 
no good to sugest anything else.

 He  turned back to his work. " very well you have my permission."

  " thank you  my lord." Z bowed to him  before  leaveing the shrine.  

	Once Z had  shut the door he  closed his eyes and phased out.

 Moments later phasing back in  on the edge of the lake he had found 
this spot eailer today  it sat just up a small hill from the waters 
edge.

 He reached into his shirt and pulled out a small  hand held device he 
clicked one of the  small buttons.

 In front of him phased in a small two story cabin.

 The wood was done in deep cherry.

  the front of the cabin had a covered porch that ran the whole length 
pf the house.

the west end of the  porch had steps the went up the the second story 
balcony .

	 Z walked up to the porch and opened the door.

 Before steping inside he looked around the bottom floor was  one room 
there was a table of to the east side close to the firplace that was in 
the center of the east wall.

  The west wall  held a bed and  dresser, in the center of the room was 
a set wooden ladder that lead up to the second floor.

 Z climbed up the ladder.

  the second floor  was more like a loft with the  one side having just 
a  rail standing  on the edge you could look down into the  first floor. 

	The only thing on this floor was a  large bed set in the middel of 
the floor.

 its head board was aginst the dresser's back so you would have to walk 
around the bed to get anything out of it.

  	He went over and  felt the bed the mattress was made of the down 
of the softest feathers he could find 

 it had two pillows on it they also where made of the same down that was 
in the mattress.

 Covering the  mattress was a soft cotton sheet.

 And and thick cotton quilt.

  He smiled to himself this is perfect.

	Ryoko appeared  in Washu's lab " ok I am here. What do you want 
now?" she said.

  Washu turned around  on her floating pillow pulling her red hair up 
from the floor.

 "will you hand me that stuff from that table please." she said pointing 
to a table next to Ryoko.

  She looked down at what Washu was poinintg at.

 She recognized  the  vials and plant she had got for her  today.

	 Ryoko groaned picking up the stuff and taking them to her.

 " thank you little Ryoko," Washu smiled to her.

 She took the vials and dumped them into what look to Ryoko like a 
flower pot.

 Then when that was in she put the plant in it. 

 Washu looked at Ryoko she could tell she was wondering what she was 
doing. 

	 So to answer her "the soil on the bed of the lake has a lot of 
juri enegery infused in it.

 I am going to see how it effects the local plant life here." 

 "Oh." Ryoko said  not really understanding what  that had to do with 
anything.

 " Ryoko?" Washu  looked at her. " What do you Remember about that 
cave?"  

	"What!"  Ryoko said stepping back from her.

 Images of the cave returning to her mind.

 " Why do you want to know about that?" she asked totally off guard.

  " I know sweetie that this is hard for you  but I want to know." Washu 
told her calming Ryoko with the careing tone of her voice.

 " but... I cant." her voice starting to shake.

	  " Ryoko........Please." 

 Ryoko looked at her  she couldn't say no. 

she got a far away look on her face

 " it was dark in there I was totally alone. 

 I had no power, I was sealed off from all sources. 

Then  I found one it was very small but I drew from it and saved it a 
little at a time to make a gem."

 tears began running down her cheeks.

 " but it was so small and took so long."

 the fear of the cave set in  Ryoko fell to her knees freely crying now.

	  " finally  I had enough power to leave my body and go outside 
the cave." she paused wiping the tears away.

 " that is when I saw him.... Tenchi and I know he saw me.

  I knew it would take me much longer to finish the gem cause I was 
using some of the power to  keep going out of the cave.

 But I had to see him it was the only thing keeping me from going crazy 
in that nothingness of the cave.

 Ryoko couldn't go on any more that was all she had the strenght to 
tell.

	 A small tear ran down Washu's face.  " ok Ryoko." Washu said 
softly.

 "that is enough you don't have to talk about it anymore if you don't 
want to." 

 Ryoko regained her composer, she stood up off the floor.

  " is that all you wanted?" she asked her sarcastic tone returning.

  " yes that was all." Washu answered. She turned herself back around to 
her  holo computer.

 Ryoko phased out of the lab Washu waited for a moment then  brought up 
the image of the cave she had taken the other night.

	  So it was you  was it she said to herself.

 Then she remembered that Sasami had asked to speak with her. 

Ok ill get back to this later. She slid off her pillow and went to get 
Sasami. 

	The Yagami broke the clouds over the Maski home gliding down and 
hovering over the lake.

  A beam of  yellow light  went form the  ship  extending to the ground.

  In the seconds of the beam hitting the  ground Kiyone and Mihoshi  
materialized.

  " You go on into the house ill take care of the Yagami." Kiyone said 
reaching up to her earing.

	 " Ok Kiyone." Mihoshi  replied heading to the  house

 "  I hope we are late for dinner."

 Kiyone  twisted her earring, in front of the ship opened  a sub space 
portal.

 The  Yagami moved forward into the  portal.

 once it was completely inside She turned the earring again and the 
portal closed in on itself and was gone.

	  Mihoshi walked up on the porch.

 The front door was already open so she  went on in.

 " hi everybody we are back! Did we miss dinner?" she asked before 
noticing  nobody was here.

  " Oh my where is everybody?" she  asked  looking around.

	 Sasami stepped out of the  kitchen . " Oh hi Mihoshi."

 she smiled at her. " You guys missed dinner so I made your plates  and 
put them in the kitchen for you."

 " great thank you Sasami!" Mihoshi rpelied happily.

 " Sasami." Washu  said standing with her lab door open.

 " ill see you now." 

 " Oh ok  ill go get Tenchi." Sasami said the smile on her face 
disappearing.

	  She walked  across the  living room and up the stairs to 
Tecnhi's door.

 " Tenchi." Sasami said as she came in.

 "Washu is ready  now." 

 Tehcni was sitting at his desk  working on his  school work.

 He put his pencil down. " Ok Sasami let me get this picked up  and we 
will go."

 " Ok Tenchi." she replied standing next to the door.

 
	He  put his paper in the book, then closed the book over it. 

 " Ok I am ready." He said getting up from his desk.

 She gave him a weak smile before following him out the door. 

	 The little red crab on Washu's door rattled as Tenchi and Sasami 
came in.

 "hello Tenchi." Washu called from the other end of the room " come in 
and tell me what I can do for you two."

 Tenchi and Sasami made there way over to where Washu was sitting.

 "Umm... Miss Washu." Tenchi Stuttered out. " Sasami had another one of 
those bad dreams."

 " well she did now." Washu said looking at the little girl.

 " uh hu." Sasami answered looking down at the floor.

 " well now." Washu  rubbed her chin " let me see."

 she reached over and  tapped on her  holo computer a metal chair 
appeared next to Sasami

 " Now sit down please." she said  her voice becoming very direct.

	  Sasami moved over and sat in the chair, in a flash  wires  came 
from around the chair and fastened themselves to the little princess.

  Then a cap of flashing lights placed itself on her head.

 Washu started to push the putton then stopped remembering how Sasami 
felt about reading ones mind.

 " Sasami  I am going to scan  the dream you had last night. That way I 
can see what is was you saw." she looked at  her.

 " It wont hurt and you wont  have to see it again."

	 Sasami shook her head ok.

 Washu smiled and pushed the  button.

  The lights on the  head band got brighter and started flashing faster 
and faster. 

Tenchi just stood ther watching, Washu's machines never stopped 
astounding him. 

After a couple of minutes the lights slowed down and dimed untill they 
where completely out.

  Then the chair  vanished leaveing Sasami standing back on the floor. 

	" ok ill have a look at this and get back with you when  I have 
something." she said  turning to her  holo computer.

 " Umm... Ok Washu." Tenchi  said  leading Sasami out of the room.

 " Oh Sasami." Washu said  just before they left.

 " don't worry ok  dreams can always change and what you see in them 
don't always mean that is what is going to happen." 

 Sasami stopped and looked at her.

 Washu  never turned around she just kept typing on her panel.

	 Sasami smiled " thank you Washu." the sparkel coming back to her 
ruby colored eyes.

  Once she was alone  she brought up the  images of Sasami's dream  she 
sat quietly as it played out

 " This just keeps getting better don't it?" she asked  out loud. 

So Tsunami what are you trying to  tell me she thought to herself.

	  " Miss Washu?" Kiyone asked stepping if from the lab door.

 Washu Turned around.

 " OH good just person I wanted to see."  she said motioning for her to 
come over. 

 " so Who was that you  got into  a shoot out with?" Washu asked 

 Kiyone stopped her face held a look of surprise.

 " YOU know about that already?" she asked.

`	 " Of course I do after all I am the greatest scientific genius in 
the universe." she laughed.

  " I have this whole solar system monitored  it helps to know what is 
going on out there."

 Kiyone walked the rest of the way to her and handed  Washu  a disc

  " it was a saloran cargo ship. This  is the information that we where 
able to get from the ships computer we salaved from the wreckage." 
Kiyone said refering to the disc.

 " The Yagami's computers couldn't make anything out it is coded."

  Washu  taped her panel and a slot opened up.

 She put the disc in " ill give my computers a try at this thing.

 It might take a while so ill let you know when it is done."

 " alright." Kiyone replied.she turned and left the lab. 

	Z was sitting on the front porch of his cabin watching the sun 
slowly move behind the mountains.

 "wow Z did you make this?" Tenchi asked walking up to the porch.

 " Good evening  lord Tenchi." Z greeted him standing and bowing.

  " no I did not make this." he said turning to the house " I won this 
in  a game of chance."

  " wow really." Tenchi said with surprise.

  Z turned back to Tenchi 

	 " yes even as a kinght we are aloud to have a little fun from 
time to time." he smiled. " would you like to see inside?"

  " sure I would like to see it." Tenchi said walking up on the porch.

  Z opened the front door so the Tenchi could go in. 

 "ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." Tenchi  whispered  stepping into the  main room. 
" this is great, so calm, so peaceful." 

	 " would you care for some tea lord Tenchi?" Z asked going to the 
cabinet 

 " yes thank you ." Tenchi answered noticing there where two beds.

  " how come you have two beds Z." he asked.

 " well  I think when this place was built it was for a family.

 The mother and father slept up there." he pointed to the loft

  "and the  child  there." he pointed to the other bed next to the wall.

 " I just  left it like it was. Makes it more of a home to me." he 
finished making the tea and poured Tenchi and himself a cup.

	  " Yes you are right it does." Tenchi agreed takeing the cup from 
Z.

  they both set in silance for a while Tenchi finished his tea.

  " I guess ill be going now. I have to get up early for school 
tomorrow." he said getting up from the table. " thank you for the tea."

  " it was my pleasure my lord." Z stood and bowed to him.

 " you are welcome to come by anytime you like." Z offord. 

" oh ok thanks." Tenchi replied. As he left the cabin.


	Z picked up the cups and placed them in the small sink that was 
next to the fire place.

 He washed and dried both cups  placing them back on the self. 

 Outside the cabin  sitting  alone on the roof  of the Maski home sat 
Ryoko

  she was laying on her  back and looking at the stars.

 How she loved the look of the stars they always had a way of making her 
feel better. 

	It wasn't long before the stars had  pushed back  the  awful 
memories of the cave.

  Her eyes caught the glow of a light.

 She sat up looking  the way she had saw it coming from.

 She saw a small house next to the lake then the light was gone.

 She could still she the outline agisnt  the  smoothness of the lake.

	 Z was just taking off his  coat and cape.

 When  the  door to his bathroom begain to glow in a  bright pink light.

  He heard a knock behind the door. 

He walked over and slid the door open but all he saw was his bathroom.

 He looked in to make sure and then shut it again the bright pink glow 
was back.

	 He heard the knock again  he looked over the door  then he 
noticed that it had another handle at the  opposite end. 

 He slid the door open the other way the bright light  poured into the 
room.

  " hi Z I hope you don't mind but I set up a dimensional  door to the 
main house it is just much faster this way."

 Washu  stepped out of the light into  Z's room

  " wow this is nice and cozy." she said looking around the room 

	" thank you  lady Washu." Z said shutting the door.

  "and this door will be of good use. I will let Ryoko know of it so if 
she has need of me she can use it."

  Washu looked back at him for a moment then laughed  "Yes I am sure she 
would." 

Z offered her  a place to sit down " no that's ok I am not going to 
stay. I have come  to take you to the lab I want to gather that data 
now." she said going back to the  bathroom door.

 "as you wish." he replied following her into the  portal. 

	 Ryoko was standing outside the porch of the cabin the bright pink 
light  appeared again and then  just as fast it was gone.

she teleported to the porch then phased thru the door.

  She found herself standing in one large room she quickly  scanned the 
whole  place.

 She phased over to the eating table the fire crackled in the  fire 
place.

 seeing nothing there she phased over to the  small bed next to the 
wall.

 She saw laying on the bed was Z's coat and cape.

	 So this is his place she thought to herself.

   She looked up and saw the loft she lifted off the ground and slowly 
flew up.

 She hoverd in the air looking down at the bigger bed and dresser.

 the beds bedding was all white the quilt, pillows, and sheet.

  She landed at the top of the ladder and walked to the bed.

	 It looked so wonderful.

 She reached down and ran her hand over the  quilt, she loved the feel 
of it she pressed her hand down into the  bed the quilt forming over her 
hand as it sunk deep down.

 She closed her eyes and just let the warmth and softness of the bed 
flow thru her.

 After a few minutes she opened her eyes again taking her hand off the 
bed.

 She looked around the rest of the room excpet for the dresser the  only 
other thing was a handle next to the bed.

	 Ryoko was curious  about what the handle  did so without a second 
thought she layed across the bed reaching out she turned the handle.

  She heard a sliding  noise above her. 

 She rolled over on the bed. 

 A section of the roof just above the bed opened up revealing a star 
filled night sky.

  Her eyes went wide this was the most beautiful thing she had ever 
seen.

 She felt her body completely  relax, she snuggled herself into the 
quilt and lay there just watching the stars. 

	Z had just gotten into Washu's lab when before he knew it.

 He  was  in his underwear with wires and hands holding him completely 
still a band of flashing lights around his head.

  " lady Washu what is this." he said suddenly very nervous.

 " oh don't worry. It helps gather the samples that I need." she replied 
suddenly smiling very segestively at him.

 " there is only one  that I like to get mayself." Z looked at her in a 
blink of an eye she was standing before him.

 She was wearing a white dress that came  to just above her knees.

 Oh her head was a small white nurses hat.

  She snapped on some rubber gloves smiling at him.

	 " What kind of sample are you talking about my lady?" he asked 
trying to get loose  of the machine.

 But he was held tight. " why a sperm sample of course."

 she put her hands on his stomach . " oh my  so strong." she ran her 
fingers over  the muscles in his stomach.

 "lady Washu!" his eyes doubling in size " I must insist that you do not 
do this."

  " strickly medical.............right." she said  sliding her hands 
down and opening his underwear.

 	 She laughed  inside remembering  how much Tenchi had squirmed 
when she had said that to him.

 " lady Washu I beg you ." he pleaded trying  to move away from her 
reach.

  " oh my Z please you don't have to beg I will be happy to do this for 
you." she laughed reaching in.

	Ryoko wasn't sure how long she had laid there, every second she 
was there she was becoming more and more at ease.

 Her thoughts drifted to Tenchi, his smile, his soft brown eyes.

 She felt a strong  erge to see him.

 As much as she didn't want to leave she teleported out of the bed and 
reappeared  on the chair in his room.

	 He was laying  in his bed sleeping on his side. 

 She just looked at him a warm smile on her face.

 She thought about all the time they have had together.

 It was going to be four years soon.

  Her mind lingerd on the times when Tenchi had been so nice to her.

	 The times when  he showed he had really cared for her.

 Then came the age old question, when is he gonna chose between Ayeka 
and her.

  She didn't want to think about it anymore.

 Sometimes she thought he was never gonna choose, she layed her head on 
her  knees well at least she thought if he don't choose that is that 
much longer I get to be with him. 

	Z was sitting again in a chair the had him held down but at least 
he was dressed.

 He was scolding himself for thinking Washu was going to take advantage 
of him.

 Oh she got her sample but not in the way she had suggested.

  " this is going to give me a complete record of your  memories." Washu 
told him after the sample gathering was over.

 "is this something that must be done?" he asked her.

  " yes it is." she lied to him.

	 He thought about it for a minute.

 "very well Lady Washu. But I must ask  something of you."

 She turned and looked closely at him.

 " I must have your word that you will not tell Ryoko of anything you 
may find." he  looked back at her.

 " I beg of you." 

	" ok I wont say anything to her." she turned and typed on her holo 
computer soon it began to record Z's  memories.

 Unknown to him she also sent a copy  to a disc as well.

 " ok that will do it." she pushed a button and the chair holding Z 
released him and disappeared. 

 " I have everything I need now." she opened a portal next to him

 " this will take you back to your house."

 	he bowed to her and stepped into the  light the door to his 
bathroom  slid open and he was back in his room.

  He went over to the smaller bed and started getting it ready to get 
into it. 

A slight breeze moved around the room he looked up from what he was 
doing.

 He soon found the sorce of the breeze, the roof had  been opened.

 	He teleported to the loft,  he noticed that the bed had been laid 
in.

 he ran his hand along the place where the person had been. 

He caught the smell of cherry blossoms.

 He smiled to himself, she was here he thought to himself.

  His hand began to glow with a soft blue light.

	  He removed his hand from the form left on the bed. 

 He reached over and truned the handle, the roof started to close.

 He held it there for a minute then thought better of it turning the 
handle again he reopened it.

  He phased thru the floor down to the  first level he lowered the 
lights and crawled into  his bed. 

	Ryoko sat there  looking at Tenchi  sleep her mind just  wondering 
over thoughts she was having. 
Suddenly a warm feeling came over her whole body.

 She wasn't sure what it was but it was very calming to her.

 All the thoughts she was having left her mind leaving her feeling 
sleepy.

  She stayed with Tenchi for a few more hours, but the sleep would not 
leave her. 

	She thought about the wonderfully comfortable bed.

 giving Tenchi one last look she teleported to the loft of the cabin.

  At first she didn't move just letting her eyes adjust to the dark and  
looking around making sure Z wasn't in that bed.

 She found the bed just as she left it she looked over the rail and saw 
Z sleeping on the bed next to the wall. 

 She smiled to herself "Well if you are not going to use this wonderful 
bed I might as well." she whispered.

	 She phased into some sleeping clothes.

 It was  a long white silk nightgown it glung to her body showing off 
every curve.

 Two thin straps held it over her shoulders it was low cut in the front 
and even lower cut  in the back open all the way down to the small of 
her back.

 It was open on the left side, stopping at her hip. 

 She pulled the quilt back and sliped into the bed.

 She sighed as the comfort slowly relaxed her.

 It wasn't long before she was completely  asleep. 

	Tenchi opened his eyes early the next morning. 

 He yawned once before getting up out of bed.

 " good morning Ryoko."  He said. 

 He looked over at the chair.

 " huh." he said.

 	The chair was empty, for the first time that  he could remember 
since putting it in that  she had not been in it when he woke.

  I wonder what could have gotten her up so early he thought.

 He quickly got dressed and  shuffled down the hall to the bathroom. 

 Takng some time to  freshen up before breakfast he wasn't sure how to 
take her not being there.

 He had come to  get use to her remarks and advances in the morning.

	 It felt very strange to him after all this time wishing it would 
stop  and the one time it does he is bothered by it.

  He laughed to himself Aww Tenchi you don't know what you want.  He 
thought. 

 He finished  washing up and steped out of the bathroom.

 "Good morning lord Tenchi." Ayeka  greeted him.

 He looked over at her and smiled. Well at least not everything changed. 
" good morning Ayeka." he replied. 

	 " Have you seen Ryoko this morning?" he asked.

 " no I havent lord Tenchi ." she paused " wasn't she in your room this 
morning?" 

 "No she wasn't gee I hoped nothing has happened to her." he said  
scratching the back of his head.

 " oh i  am sure she is alright. Probably  got up to be the first to get 
fathers new stash of sake."  she replied 
steping closer to him.

 Tenchi laughed. " Yeah you  are probably  right. Lets go to breakfast 
shall we." he held out his arm.

 She  gasped lightly her face begainng to blush

. She  slowly reached out and slipped her hand around his arm.

  He smiled at her and lead her down the hall. 




	                                                             
