 
                                                                                   
3

	Ryoko slowly opened her eyes she hadn't  slept like that in a very 
long time.

 She stretched the last of the sleep from her body.

  She caught the smell of something  cooking.

 Oh that smells really good she thought to herself. 

	She looked up noticing that the roof had been closed.

  She phased out of the bed only to reapear downstairs. 

She saw Z standing over by the fire place, he was holding a pan  in one 
hand, using  a large spatula he placed a small amount of fried noodles 
on a plate.

  She  noticed the  table was set  up for two

	Z turned around and started to set the plate down when he saw 
Ryoko  standing there still in her night gown. 

 His eyes poured in her beauty, she was absolutely  stunning.

  She watched his eyes as they  moved over her.

 She smiled liking the effect she had on  him.

	 She could tell by the  expression on his face that he really  
liked what he saw. 

 She felt herself warming to  that look.

  Z finally manged to bow to her. " good morning lady Ryoko."

 he paused putting the plate on the table. 

"I hope I didn't wake you,"

	  "No I was getting up anyway. She replied.

  " oh that is good than. I thought  that when you  awoke you might be 
hungry so  I made breakfast for you."

  "really!" she replied surprised.

 " yes I am hungry." 

 he motioned for her to sit down at one of the places.

	  She sat down  looking at what he had made.

 There was fried noodles with steamed riceand deep baked fish.

 But what caught her attention  the most was a roll.

 It was coverd in some type of brown stuff with  what looked like icing 
poured over it.

	 " allow me." he said taking a small pot and pouring her some tea. 

 She smiled at him " I hope you didn't mind that I used that bed 
upstairs." she said taking the tea from him.

  " no not at all my lady. If you  like it there then consider it yours 
to do with as you  will." he replied 

taking his place at the other end of the table.

 She blushed, is he for real she thought giving me that wonderful bed 
and view.

	  Thinking of the view " did you close the  roof this morning?" 
she asked.

 " yes I did. You where sleeping so peaceful.

 I didn't want the light of the morning sun to  disturb you ." he 
replied.

 Her eyes widened, every time he spoke to her  he would surprise her.

	 She laughed just a little
  
 " thank you ." was all she could think of.

  He looked over at her " it was my pleasure." he smiled.

 She started to dig into her breakfast.

	 It was very good thought not as good as Sasami's.

  she picked up the  roll.

 It was hot to the touch and the icing ran warm over her fingers.

  She took a bite, the taste was exquisite  as it practically  melted in 
her mouth.

	 " mmmmmmmmm." she said closeing her eyes to savor its flavor.

 " this is delicious."

   " thank you lady Ryoko you honor me with your words." he replied.

  " what is this thing called?" she asked about the roll.

 " it is  a cinnamon roll."  he answered smiling at her.

  " they are a common breakfast food where I came from." 

	 "oh and where did you  come from?" she asked finishing off the 
roll.

  " the planet I came from had no name." he told her

 " the people that lived there were still just learning how to build 
good housing and had no  idea about space and planets."

  he paused taking a drink of his tea.

	 She watched him noticing  how very carefully and mannerly he ate.

 She glaced down at her  plate, it was a shambles.

 She had droped some of the  food on the table in her haste.

 She felt embarrassed at how she had  been eating.

	 " how long did you live on that planet?" she asked.

 Starting to eat slower and clean up a little around herself.

 Z picked up on the sudden change in how she was eating.

 " lady Ryoko." he smiled gently.

  She looked over at him.

	 " it is ok. It is just  you and myself here. Please eat in any 
manner that you  wish." He picked up his roll.

 " it does not bother me in the least."

 he took a big bite of the roll, its icing sticking to both sides of his 
mouth.

 She laughed seeing him grin at her with the  sticky icing on him.

  " would you care for another roll my lady?" he asked.

 " yes thank you ." she replied. 

	 He got up from the table and went to the fireplace.

 He took  a tray of rolls and placed them on the table next to her.

 " the fireplace helps to keep them warm. I think they are best that 
way." he said sitting back down to his food.

  " I do not know how long I was on that planet." he said answering her 
earlier question.

 " I stayed away from  the people that lived there so I would not 
interfear with how they lived."

	  her curiosity  was aroused.

 " then why all the sudden have you came here."  she asked watching him 
closely.

  " to serve you  my lady." he answered.

 Again he surprised her.

 But she had to know why. " how did you know where to find me and how do 
you know me anyway cause I sure don't remember you ." 

 "of course you do not know me." he smiled. " but I know you." 

	he slid his plate away " I am sure you are very  curious  about me 
being here. So I will explane as best I can."

 he settle himself a little. 

" I was on juri the day  You attacked it.

 I was one of the palace guards."

	 she wasn't sure how to take what he had just said but kept quiet 
anyway as he continued.

 "there where several of us there it was our job to not let anything 
happen to the king.

  You came in and when I saw you." he looked away from her.

 " I knew I could not  bring myself to harm you."

  she was completely shocked.

 "why?" she whispered out Suddenly  afraid of his answer.

	 "everyone was running around telling of a deamon attacking.

 So I was expecting this terrible  monster.

 But when you came in and I saw you.

 I did not see a deamon." he took another drink of his tea.

 " I saw a woman, I looked into your eyes and did not see evil."

	" all I could do was watch as you  easily defeated the other 
knights, they didn't even come close to your battle prowess. 

Your skill with your sword was unmatched by the best of them.

 Until Lord Yosho  appeared.

 I watched as you and him fought I saw his skill and power was equal to 
your own." his voice became softer.

 " I was afraid for you."

	 Ryoko could not believe what she was hearing.

 She had always had nightmares about that attack and the things she had 
done that day, But this was almost unreal.

 "when you  ran I was releaved, than Lord Yosho went after you."

 he reached over the table and picked up the pot of tea.

 She watched in silence as he refilled her cup and then his.

	 " I couldn't bare the thought that he was going to track you down 
and kill you, so I followed him here.

 I could do nothing but stand by and watch what he had done to you.

 I was very grateful in the fact that he chose to just inprision you 
instead of destroying you." 

 he  looked over at her his gaze was one of hurt and sorrow.

 " lady Ryoko I am so sorry that  I didn't save you  from that cave. But  
I could not go agisnt Lord Yosho.

 So I did the only thing I could for you.

 I finished  my term as a knight and waited for the day that you would 
be again free."

	  her heart was pounding in her chest and her golden eyes where 
about to release a flood of tears, But she fought them back.

 " as soon as I heard that you where free, I came. It took me three and 
a half years to get here."

 he could tell what he had just told her had a profound effect on her.

 " lady Ryoko please understand I am here as your guardian, I expect 
nothing from you in return.

 I am to serve and be here for anything you might need or even want."

 he waited a moment letting what he had said work over in her mind.

 " I will always be honest and truthful with you. 

You have my word on my honor." 

	He stood up from the table and quietly removed the plates and 
dishes.

 Ryoko just sat there her mind was numb from going over and over what he 
had just told her.

 "lady Ryoko?" he asked snapping her out of her thoughts.

 " do you think the others might be worried about you ?"

  Z finished putting the rest of the dishes in the sink.

 " you  are not there for breakfast this morning wont they think that a 
bit odd."

	 "oh no." she said trying to push  everything  that just happened 
to the back of her mind.

 " they will most likely think I am looking for Nobiyuki's hidden sake."

 "very well." he  replied.

 " with your permission, there are some things I must attend to this 
morning."

  " oh ya like what kinda things." she said  looking at him with a new 
found playfulness.

	  "in the mornings  I run, so I figured the I would  take a 
morning run thru the woods followed by a swim in the lake."

 he walked back over to the table carrying a towel.

 She watched as he wiped off his end and then came over to her end.

 She didn't move as he wiped up the place in front of her.

 Z was very aware of her closeness to him he could almost feel the 
warmth from her and he was sure he smelled cherry blossoms.

	  To his surprise she  placed her hand on his arm, he looked over 
at her.

 She was staring back up at him,  her eyes sparkled.

 " thank you for breakfast." she said getting up.

 Z stood facing her " I was happy to do it." he said.

 She reached up and touched his  nose with her finger.

	 "I'll see you later." she giggled and vanished.

 Z stood there for a moment before smiling to himself. 

He turned putting the towel back in its place.

  After he finished cleaning up he changed into something more suited  
for his run and stepped out into the morning sun.

 this is going to be a wonderful day he thought to himself as he started 
to jog along the lake edge.

	 " you wanted to see me Washu." Kiyone asked stepping into the 
lab.

 " Ah yes." Washu replied looking up from  her work.

 " I was able to decode the data from that ship you destroyed."

  she brought up the data on the screen of her holo computer.

  " it was saloran alright. But it was also carrying a lot to technology 
that the saloran's don't have."

	 " what kinda technology Washu?" Kiyone  asked stepping over to 
look at the  screen.

  " well for one it had a cloaking device." Washu pointed to  the device 
she was talking about.

 " the only reason that you even saw it was  cause it malfunctioned  
when you where close to it.

  It also had a lot of survalance equipment, it must have been watching 
something on the earth and didn't want anyone to know."

 " I wonder why someone from across the galaxy wanted to come this far 
just to  spy on the earth?"  Kiyone asked.

 	 " well the answer is simple really." Washu replied bringing up 
another image of the screen.

  Kiyones eyes widden recognizing  the next picture.

 " the lasers where powered by a juri power scorce." Washu answered her 
look.

 " someone from juri is watchin us and they didn't want us to find out.

 It was luck you and Mihoshi where out on patrol when the cloaking 
device  went out.

	It carried the  lasers to  take out anyone who found it to keep 
its exsistance a secrect."

  " Do you think who ever this is  wanting to hurt us?" Kiyone asked 
still looking at the  screen.

  " I don't know that yet." washu answerd her voice becoming more 
serious.

 " all we can do is wait to see who shows up  to find out about there 
missing ship."

	Ayeka was sweeping the steps of the shrine when she saw Z lightly 
running up the long line of steps

" good morning Z." she said when he was  close  enough to hear her.

 " good morning princess Ayeka." he said slightly out of breath.

  "What is it you are doing?" she asked.

 " I am  jogging." he answered stopping in front of her.

	 " It is part of what I do to   stay in shape ."  that  fact that 
he was very much in shape had not escaped Ayeka's  attention yesterday.

  And very much better to look at then  her two guardians.

 She blushed slightly. " oh I see."

 she moved  to one side of him. " well do not let me keep you  from your 
duty."

  " thank you  princess Ayeka." he bowed to her then continued on his 
way.

	  As Z  got closer to the top he started hearing the sounds of 
fighting. 

Not sure what was going on he hurried up his pace.

 Finally  reaching the top he saw where the sounds where coming from  
Lord Yosho and Lord Tenchi  where in the middle of practice.

  Suddenly Yosho stopped.

 Tenchi saw his chance and  charged the  old man. 

 At the last second Yosho  side stepped.

	 Tenchi already in a charge couldn't stop, he  flew past Yosho and 
fell flat on his chest. 

 " try harder Tenchi." he said looking down at the boy.

  "so Z what brings you to the shrine so early in the morning?" Yosho 
asked facing him. 

" I was jogging  and it seems  my path led here."  Z replied.

  " I see." Yosho said.

	  " what about you coming up here  from now on and  train  with 
Tenchi. 

I am sure it will help both you and him out."

  Z looked down at Tenchi who was just  getting up.

 He bowed  "Lord Yosho I it would be a honor." 

 " very good I will see both  of you here tomorrow, ill be in my 
office." Yosho said turning and walking away. 

 "Ok grandpa." Tenchi said. 

" as you wish my lord." replied Z.   

	Ayeka was sitting on the couch watching her favorite soap when 
Tenchi came in the front door.

  " Oh hello Lord Tenchi." she said getting up and  going to him.

 " how was practice today?"

  "oh hello Miss Ayeka." he replied.

 He stepped inside the door and removed his sandals

 " it was very tiring and somewhat painful ."

	 " oh well that is to bad." she said taking his arm.

 "lets get you inside." she lead him into the living room.

 " here you sit down and I will get you  some tea." Ayeka said making 
her way into the kitchen.

  Tenchi's eyes  where wide as he sat on the couch what is going on he 
thought. 

 Shortly after she left  Ayeka was back carrying a tray of tea.

	  She set the tray down on the table in front of Tenchi and  began 
to pour some into two cups.

 "this will make you feel better Lord Tenchi." she said handing him one 
of the cups.

  " oh thank you  Ayeka." he said taking the cup from her.

  He found himself  just looking at her.

 It is true she is very  beautiful and she can be really nice when she 
wants to be.

 He thought to himself, he took a drink of his tea 

" ummmm this is very good ." he said.

	 "you where right Ayeka this is just what I needed."

  Ayeka  blushed deeply looking into her tea. 

 " You are welcome Lord Tenchi." she said her voice as soft as the 
evening breeze. 

	"Ryoko." she heard Washu over the link they shared.

 "What is it Washu? I am very busy here." she answered back over the 
link.

 " You are not you  are laying on the roof doing nothing." Washu told 
her.

 "huh?" Ryoko set up  and looked around

 "Yes my dear I can see you ." Ryoko could feel Washu's smirkiness with 
her words.

	 Ryoko's sharp eyes caught the little blink of a light just off  
in a tree and the edge of the forest.

  Her eyes narrowed and she focused in.

 just as she thought  in the tree was  what looked  like a  very small 
Washu doll.

  A mischievous grin formed on her lips, she  pulled back  her arm.

 A small charge of orange energy  began to form.

	  "Ryoko?.... what are you doing?" Washu asked.

  Ryoko laughed a little " what's the matter mom not so cocky now are 
you."

 she leaped high into the air and hovered over the house.

 " Take this!!." she shouted and fired the  ball at the tree

	 " Ryoko WAIT!!!!!!." Washu screamed over the link.

  Washu  saw the  blast getting bigger on the screen, she franticly 
typed on her panel.

 A small black hole opened up next to her.

 She jumped off her floating  pillow and  plunged  her arm into the 
hole.

  Just behind the little doll opened another  small black hole Washu's 
hand reached out and  jerked the doll in the hole just as the  blast hit 
the tree.

	 There was a large explosion as the trunk of the tree was 
shattered by the power. 

 The top half of the tree shuddered and started to fall. 

 Ryoko smiled pleased with her work.

 " Do you know how much it cost to repair those things." Washu said 
angrily to her. " Now if you don't mind I need to see you ." 

	Ryoko grumbled to herself.

 "now please." Washu persisted. 

 " OK!! Fine!!." Ryoko said angrily.

She  disappeared and shortly  reappeared next to Washu. 

 " Ok I am here what do you want?" she asked Washu still somewhat 
annoyed.

	 She took a second to  get herself under control.

 " what happened today Ryoko?"

  Ryoko looked at her puzzled. " What do you mean what happened to me 
today?" 

 Washu  set back down on her pillow.

 " you know what I mean. normally you keep your end of the link shut 
off. But this morning I was working on one of my experiments when your 
end suddenly opened up."

 Washu looked at Ryoko for a moment.

 She could see that she was remembering that event.

	 " so something must have happened if you did not do it on 
purpose.

 And since  you didn't say anything I am asuming you didn't know or that 
something happened to cause you to loose it." Washu finished.

 Ryoko looked away from  her mother. " oh so you  caught that huh?" 

 Washu nodded her head " yes I did.  You know you can't hide anything 
from your mother. Now what was it?"

  Ryoko's anger flared " it is none of your bussiness!!!!" she shoot 
back.

 But Washu wasn't taken back  by the sudden out burst.

 " it had something to do with Z didn't it?" 

 " how did you know that?" Ryoko replied still with a fare amount of 
anger in her voice.

  Washu gave her a knowing look " well I did say that  your link was 
open didn't  I?

 Even if it was for a very short time it was enough for me to see just a 
piece of it." 

	 at first Ryoko was ready to  let her have it but  she stopped 
herself .

 Maybe it would be better to tell her she might be able to help me make 
some sense out of some of this she thought.

   She started  to float off the floor crossing her legs under her. 

 Washu smiled at her " who knows I  might even be able to help you  
figure it out."

 then her smile turned  more mischievous  " after all I am the  greatest 
scientific genius in the world." 

 Ryoko grimiced at her mothers words the anger coming back quickly. 

" MOM!!! Do you want to hear this or not!" she growled clinching her 
hands into fist.

  " ok  Ryoko I am sorry." Washu said..

	They sat there for several minutes as Ryoko Told Washu about   the 
little place Z had by the lake. 

 How she had slept in the wonderful bed under the stars.

  Washu  sat patiently listening, her computer screen had sit unused for 
so long that  little red crabs across it's screen.

 Ryoko paused when she got to the part about  breakfast, she took in a 
deep breath before she contuined.

  Washu watched her very closely  she could tell  Ryoko was struggling 
with the restof what she was telling.

  " so what do you think  it means?" Ryoko asked once she had  finished  
recounting what had happened .

  Washu  reached up and  placed her index finger on her chin.

 " hummmmm well  I can see why that your link slipped that must have 
come as  quite a shock to you."

	 Washu  jumped up off her  pillow " did you  just feel that?"

 she said putting her hand on her  fore head.

 There was that feeling again, her mind shot to the source.

 But before she could get to it,  it was gone again.

  Damn! She thought  lost  it again.

 	 Ryoko just stared wide eyed at Washu

 " What are you talking about?" she asked not sure what to make of 
Washu's sudden actions 

 " didn't you feel  anything just now.

 Like something  trying to reach into your  brain?" Washu asked.

	  " no I didn't  feel anything." Ryoko floated back down to stand 
on the floor.

 " Washu  you  feeling ok?" she asked looking a little worried.

  Washu tossed her hands in the air

 " oh well  I must just be hungry or something." she said  returning to 
her usual self. 

" You know Ryoko." she said  looking back  at her.

 " the answer is simple really, I am surprised that you havent thought 
of it yourself."

	 Ryoko just stood looking at her a complete blank.

  Washu could tell that Ryoko still had no clue to what she was 
thinking.

 " My dear Ryoko there in only one reason why a man  does those kinds of 
things."

 she  stopped to smile at her for a little suspence

 " he loves you ." she said.

	  Ryoko jumped straight back "WHAT!!! He cant love me." she said.

 " he doesn't even know me."  Ryoko teleported the short distance 
between her and Washu 

 " and besides I love Tenchi." she said  "he is just going to have to 
get that thought right out of his head." 

 " Ryoko you must do what your heart tells you is right.

 You must be open to  all the possibilities that are out there." she 
said pausing to  give Ryoko time to think about that.

	 " have you ever even  thought about the fact that maybe Tenchi  
is not the one for you?" Ryoko glared down at her

 " you are just trying to trick me so you can  take Tenchi for 
yourself."

  " well true I wouldn't mind having Tenchi." Washu said.

 Ryoko glared even harder at her.

 "but not at the cost of loosing my daughter." 

 those words pierced deep into Ryoko's soul.

  She stepped back for Washu

	Quickly Ryoko regained herself , she was not about to let Washu 
see how that  had effected her.


"now you know how Tenchi must feel. Always  being asked to choose." 
Washu said.

  " it is not the same thing." Ryoko Replied.

 " Tenchi doesn't know  what he wants and I do.  I Know who I would  
choose."

  Washu reached over and adjust the  flower on her  desk.

 " actually you have it much better then Tenchi does." she said.

 " What are you talking about?" Ryoko asked.

 	 "oh my Ryoko you think way to narrow my dear." Washu  said 
pointing her finger at  Ryoko. 

Washu  was again  looking at a blank Ryoko.

 She rolled her eyes putting one hand on her hip.

 " I cant believe I have to spell this out for you." 

Ryoko's shot a daring stare at her.

 "ok listen up. Z is a knight of juri and as a knight he will never 
break his  word or his pledge to you."Washu paused.

 She could see that Ryoko's mind was starting to turn.

 " and as I recall he pledged he would never leave you  unless you 
ordered him to." Washu said.

 Ryoko recalled in her mind when Z was  at the table in front of 
everyone.

 She remembered his words to her about his pledge.

	 " Yes he did say that didn't he."  Ryoko said lowering her voice 
a little.

 Washu gave  her a knowing grin.

 Ryoko thought for a minute, then an  idea began to take shape.

 " well lets just see how much this Z loves me shall we." Ryoko said her 
eyes getting  that wild look in them.

	 Now it was Washu that was looking blank

 "What are you going to do?" she asked wondering what Ryoko was up to.

 "  I am  going to see for myself and to you that he doesn't love me." 
Ryoko laughed as she  phased out of the lab.

  " RYOKO!!! WAIT!!" Washu shouted  trying to get  her to stop.

 But she knew it was to late she flopped  down on her pillow "Ohhh that 
girl is impossible." 

	Tenchi had left Ayeka to go and soak in the onsen.

 Ahhhhhhhhhhh He thought as he lowered himself into its warm soothing 
waters.

  " oh what a day." he said  to himself, the waters beginning to relaxe 
him.

 It sure was nice of Ayeka  to have tea for me.

 He thought in fact it was really nice.

	 Tenchi started to  really think .

 Maybe it is time to decide and  once and for all put this behind me.

 After a moment. How should I  do this?

  He couldn't think of any easy way  to try to figure this out.

	 In what seemed like hours to him he finally came up with 
something to try.

  He was  brought out of his thoughts by the sound of the onsen door 
sliding open.

  "Tenchi? Are you in here?" it was Sasami's voice.

 Tenchi sat up  " what is it Sasami?" he asked.

 " oh good you are in here." she said  turning around to face the door " 
lunch will be ready soon."

  " ok Sasami I will be there." Tenchi replied.

 He heard the door slide open and then slowly slide shut.

  Tenchi begain to hurry up so he wouldn't be late to eat.

	Ryoko found Z drying himself off from his swim in the lake.

 She stopped in mid flight her eyes going wide.

 Z was standing on the shore he was completely naked except for a  towel 
around his waist.
 
Wow  Ryoko thought his skin was a deep tan and his hair was completely 
down falling over his shoulders and down his back.

 She could see the power in his frame, his muscles where hardened just 
like that of a warrior she thought.

  She watched as he picked up his things and went inside his  cabin. 

	 She gave him a few minutes to get dressed before she  teleported 
to his front door.

 She thought about knocking. ah what the hell she thought and phased  
into the  room.

 Z was just hanging up the towel he had been wearing  by the lake shore.

 She was just a tiny bit disappointed to see she had given him enough 
time to dress.

 Next time I wont wait as long she thought smiling .

	 " lady Ryoko." he said turning a to face her, bowing " good 
afternoon."

  " hey Z did you say that you would do anything for me?" she asked 
settling her feet to the floor.

 " yes I did." he replied raising up from his bow. 

 " good then I want you to do  my chores for me around the house.

 They are so boring to me

. I would much rather spend my time with Tenchi."

	 her eyes where sharp on his.

  He looked down from her " as you wish my lady."

  he turned from her and started finishing up  from his swim.

 " if you would be so kind as to let me know what they are, then I will 
do them for you."

 	 she tossed a list on his  table " here it is."
 
 " I shall start them tomorrow right after  pratice with lord Tenchi." Z 
said.

  " ok that will be fine." she replied.

 She turned and phased out of the room.

 On her way back to the house she couldn't help but laugh

 " I'll show Washu, she  thinks she knows everything. 

	Sasami was finishing up lunch and placing it on the table.

 She  suddenly froze dropping a full plate  of fried noodles on the 
floor.

  She felt a fear coming over her " some one is coming." she said.
  
Washu was looking  into one of her many tanks

 "huh." she said as that same feeling crept into her mind.

 She turned and started running for the door of the lab.

	  Yosho was sitting  quietly drinking  his tea in his office.

  He looked up his glasses shining over.

  He to felt the same thing as  Sasami and Washu had felt.

  He put his tea down on the table, slowly getting up and going to the 
door. 

 He slid the door open  and looked to the sky.

 As he suspected a small ball of light was coming closer, there is going 
to be trouble He thought.

  Quickly he made his way to the house.

 	 Z had just came  out on his porch when he to saw the  ball of 
light coming closer to the Maski household.

  He ran inside and quickly got his gear on and headed towards the 
house.

 Ryoko to had seen the light.

 Her eyes narrowed as she looked closer trying to get a better look.

 She couldn't see anything but still  quickened her pace to the house. 

	Washu burst from her lab just as  Tenchi was coming from his bath

 "Wow! What is going on Washu?" he shouted jumping  back from the  lab 
door.

 " oh good Tenchi you are here." she said out of breath.

 " someone or something is coming and I don't think it is friendly." 

 " what do you mean Washu ? And how do you know they are not friendly?" 
Tenchi asked completely taken back.

	 " she is right Tenchi I can feel it too." Sasami said looking 
worried at him.

  " Tenchi you better get ready there isn't much time." Washu told him.

 Tenchi looked down at the seriousness in her face suddenly he was all 
business "right." he ran upstairs.
 
	Ayeka , Mihoshi, and Kiyone where coming in from around back 

 " what is going on?" Kiyone asked. "Mihoshi  says someone is coming. Is 
that true."

  " yes she is right Kiyone. Someone is coming you better get ready I 
don't think they want to have tea." Washu answered heading to the front 
door.

 Kiyone looked over at Mihoshi  with a surprised look on her face.

 Mihoshi giggled "see I told you  Kiyone ." she reached into her  hair 
and pulled out her  G.P. cube.

	  "where is lord Tenchi?" Ayeka asked.

 " he will be along shortly Ayeka. Now let's go meet our guest shall 
we." Washu said smiling  and sliding the front door open.

 " yes that would be the polite thing to do. Even if they are ruffians 
." Ayeka said following Washu out the door

 Kiyone  reached behind her and pulled out her blaster and followed 
Ayeka out.

	  Mihoshi was still  turning her cube trying to get it to work.

 Several useless things appeared and fell to the floor

 " oh my why wont this thing work." she said beginning to get upset.

 Suddenly a very large shoulder mounted cannon appeared.

 "ummmm ok this will work." she said picking up the gun.

 "Mihoshi!!!! Hurry up will you !" Kiyone shouted from out side.

 "I am coming Kiyone wait for me please." Mihoshi replied running out 
the door followed by Sasami.

	Yosho, Ryoko and Z where coming up to the porch when the others 
had come out.

 " so I see everyone is here." Yosho said turning to watch the  ball of 
light as it came still closer.

  " How do you Know that who ever this is.  Is not friendly?" Kiyone 
asked Washu.

"because it has the same signature as the  ship  you and Mihoshi  blew 
up yesterday." Washu answered.

	"wow it sure didn't take them long to get here did it Washu." 
Mihoshi chimed in.

 " I sure hope they are not mad cause we blew up there ship it was a 
accident really it was." 

 kiyones face turned red her anger getting  the better of her she jumped 
around facing Mihoshi 

 "Mihoshi !! Will you shut up!" she screamed at the blonde G.P.

  Mihoshi dropped her head " I am sorry." she sobbed.  

	Tehcni came running out of the front door he was dressed in his 
jurian  battle suit holding Tenchi-kin.

 " are they here yet?" he asked.

 Ryoko teleported next to him " no not yet. But they will be soon." she 
said putting her arms around him 

"Ryoko! Take your hands off Lord Tenchi, we about to go into battle  and 
he don't need you distracting him." Ayeka said angerly coming up to 
stand on the other side of Tenchi.

	  " girls! This is not the time for this.' Yosho said his voice 
stern.

 Both girls looked at him.

  They both sighed and lowered there heads, Ryoko letting go of Tenchi 
but still not moving far from him.

  Tenchi noticed that grandpa was only carry his wooden bokken.

 " grandpa take this you might need it." he handed Yosho  the Tenchi-
kin.

	  Yosho turned to him  " and what are you going to fight with 
Tenchiif the need should present itself?" he asked.

 " uhhh well I uhhh." tecnhi stuttered.

 " here my Lord Take this." Z said handing Tenchi his sword.

 "but what will you use?" Tenchi asked taking the  sword handle from Z.

	 " it is ok Lord Tecnhi I have other means with which to fight."  
Z replied.

 " well now that everyone is done swaping swords here they come." Washu 
said looking up at the sky.

  Ryo-oki phased thru the front window

 "Meow." she said looking up as well

 " oh there you are Ryo-oki. Where have you been?" Sasami asked picking 
the little cabbit up.

 " meow meow." Ryo-oki answered hopping  up on her head. 

	The ball of light finally came close enough to make out the ship 
inside.

 It was long in shape like a cyclinder with two wings on the front lower 
part of the ship that where pointing forward.

 There was also a set of wings on the back part of the ship.they sat 
higher up and where pointing backwards.

 Mounted on each side of the ship just over the front wings where two 
pulse cannons.

  The ship slowed it desent to hover just over the lake. 

	 From underneath the ship a panel slid open.

 As soon as it was open all the way a blue beam of light shot down in 
front of them.

  It wasn't long before several  beings stood in front of them.

  The one in front was a large man. He was  dressed in what could be 
described as  black leather pants and shirt with a red leather vest on 
over that.

 Straped on his back was a very large sword.

  the hilt of the sword was black as well  with  the face of skulls at 
the middle where the handle meets the cross bar.

  The mans hair was  sandy blonde cut very short with one long tail in 
the back.

	 Tenchi could tell he was very powerful, the mans body was very 
well developed.

  To the mans right floated a very small person not much bigger then 
Ryo-oki.

 His head was very large, much bigger then the rest of his  body.

 There was no hair on his  head and his eyes where really close 
together.

 In the middle of his forhead was a large triangle.

 He was wearing  a long red robe that hid his  legs.

	 But Tenchi could still tell the they where folded up under him.

 His hands where crossed over one another.

  Next to him stood a very large reptilion creature.

 He stood on two legs with a larger tail curling out the back.

 His skin was a very dark green and very scalely.

 His eyes where a burning yellow and his jaws held rows of very sharp 
teeth.

	 The only thing  Tenchi could see he was wearing was a strap 
holding a very large duel bladed axe.

  Hovering just behind him was a silver globe it was about the size of a 
basketball.

  To the  big mans left stood Two women both wore red body suits covered 
in yellow.

 What looked to Tenchi like lighting strikes.

 Across there hips hung holsters each  holding a blaster and a long 
slinder sword.

 They both had very long  loose flowing hair that was not  tied up  in 
anyway the only difference was one had  black hair and the other had 
white hair.

  But what drew out Tenchi the most was there eyes both  had completely 
black eyes.

	 Tenchi felt a chill run up his spine.

 In between the women was a very large dog.

 It was  a little taller then girls waist.

 Its fur was brown with a white streak down its back.

 The upper part of its body  was much bigger then the back.

 Its claws dug into the ground as it walked and its eyes where fiery 
red.

	  Just behind them stood a tall wolf like creature.

 There was very little  resemblance  of human in  it except that it to 
stood on two legs and instead  it had arms and hands where its front 
legs should have been.

 It was completely covered in gray fur  at its side he wore a long 
curved blade the was much wider at its outer end. 

	Kiyone stepped in front of Yosho " I am detective first class 
Kiyone of the galaxy police.

 You are in my sector. This is a restricted area.

 What is your business here?" she asked pointing her blaster at the man 
in front.

  The man smiled. " so the  galaxy police are here."

 he stepped closer. " well that doesn't matter.

	I am here for the one called Tenchi Maski."  Ryoko and Ayeka both 
stepped in front of Tenchi

 " who are you and what do you want with Tenchi?" Ryoko growled at him.

 " I am surprised you  have not heard of me." he waited for a moment.

 " I am Akira the blade." Kiyone's eyes went wide

 " You are a asassion." she said steadying her blaster.

	 " then you must be here to kill Tenchi." Yosho spoke up coming to 
stand beside Kiyone.

 "What?" Ryoko  shouted starting to  take to the air but not before 
being held down by Washu.

 Ryoko glared down at her "Let me Go!" she shouted across the link.

 "Wait Ryoko now is not the time."  Ryoko settled back to the ground her 
eyes shooting daggers at Akira.

	  " well yes as a matter of fact I am. You are worth a lot of 
money dead boy."

  " I am sorry  but I cannot allow that." Yosho  replied "he hasn't done 
his evening chores yet."

  Ryoko and Ayeka hit the ground.

  " You dare to make jokes old man!" Akira shouted his anger  in his 
voice.

  He reached  up and took his sword from it holder.

 The blade was indeed long almost twice as long as Tenchi-kin's blade

  Yosho's glasses flashed over as Tecnhi-kin came to life in his hands.

  The skull on akira's sword began to glow and energy crackled along its 
blade.

  " Kill them all!" he shouted charging Yosho. 

	"what is going on here?" Nobiyuki asked coming from around the 
side of the house. 

He stopped short when he found himself staring  at a floating silver 
ball.

 "Oh what is this? Another one of Washu's experiments."  he heard a 
slite hum coming from the globe.

 Two  small barrels came out from the sphere.

 " I don't like the looks of this." he said his eyes getting a little 
bigger the two barrels powered up and fired

 "YAAAAAAA!" he screamed running back around the house followed by the  
globe. 

 Washu saw the ball firing on poor Nobiyuki  she grined to herself  and 
ran back inside the house.

  Nobiyuki  was running as fast as he could miraculously  avoiding  the 
onslaught  of fire from the  globe.

 He ran around to the back door of the house.

 He could see the door in front of him, if only I can get inside he 
thought.

	 Just as he was about to reach the door, it came  flying open with 
Washu standing there.

 "Washu look out!" Nobiyuki shouted.

 " if you were you  I would  duck." she said smiling at him

 "huh." he said giving her a terrified look.

 Without question he flung himself on the ground and covered his head.

	  The globe came flying around the corner stopping  in front of 
the door

 " oh I see you have blasters do you ." she said to the  sphere.

 The globe hoverd closer "well I have some too." she smiled at it.

 From around her right arm came a long handle. At the end of the handle 
was a grip with a button  on the end of it Washu grasped the handle.

 From her back  came  two very large  barrels one over each shoulder 
pointing at the sphere.

  " I think mine are bigger." she smile mischievously  at it.

	 The globe shook and started to turn away.

 "ohhh  leaveing so soon." she pouted.

 Then laughed " not with out this.

 She  pushed the button on the handle.

 The  large barrels  began to glow then fired two huge yellow burst of 
enegry that hit the sphere, blowing it to bits.

 "ahhh isn't  science wonderful." 

	"oh Washu thank you  for saving me." Nobiyuki said getting up from 
the ground.

 " don't mention it." she said going back into the house.

 " if it wasn't for the fact you  where Tenchi's dad I would have let 
that thing  have you ." she said her gun pack disappearing.

  Nobiyuki stood froze watching her walk away.
	
	The group scatterd weapons in hand.

 Sasami started to move away from the fighting when a blast knocked her 
down.

 She cried out as she hit the ground.

 She managed to get up on her knees when she saw the little big headed 
man in front of her. 

 The triangle oh his head was glowing with power.

 " go away ." she cried. " leave me alone."

	  Ryo-oki jumped in front of Sasami her fur was sticking out  
everywhere.

  She hissed a warning at the little man to leave Sasami alone or else.

 The little man just hovered there, never showing any sign of emotion.

 Then with out warning a beam of energy shot from his triangle.

 Ryo-oki  jumped into the path of the beam taking the hit for the 
princess.

	 Ryo-oki's body shook from the impact

 "MMEEOOWW!" she screamed hitting the ground her little body  smoking.

 "Oh Ryo-oki nooooo." Sasami cried scooping the burned cabbit up in her 
arms.

  " you may be able to do that to Ryo-oki but you will not do that to 
me." Ayeka said standing in front of Sasami

	 "Ayeka be careful." Sasami said moving farther behind her sister.

 " don't worry Sasami I will be ok." Ayeka said  looking down and 
smiling at her.

 Sasami looked up at her sister.

 She smiled and shook her head in agreement.

  Ayeka turned to face the little man, her face was like stone.

	 " I am the first crown princess of jurai how dare you  atempt to 
harm a member of my family."

 the little man just hovered there.

 Ayeka caught the sudden change in the power  of his triangle

 she quickly  crossed her hands  putting her force field up just in time 
to stop the beam. 

The little man's energy hit the  shield dispersing around it. 

	he fired several more times with the same result.

 Ayeka brought her hand up over her mouth and laughed "is that all you 
got?"

 she laughed again " oh my. That is sad."

 she brought her hands up again. " now let me show you the powerof the 
first crown princess."

 small logs began to apear around the little man.

 He looked  to his left then to his right.

 She looked up at him a small smile appearing  on her lips. 


	The logs burst with energy, there power engulfing the little man.

 Ayeka laughed but was stopped short when she saw he was still there a 
small globe of power surrounded him keeping the logs energy at bay.

  She looked down and groaned " oh what a bother I see I am going to 
have to do this the old fashion way."

 before the little man could even react Ayeka charged him.

 Her fist crashed thru his small shield hitting him square in the face.

 Just as she hit him she released her power blasting the little man 
right into the forest.

 
	She stopped to look at her handy work "well I guess that takes 
care of him." 

 Sasami stood up and ran to hug her sister

 " thank you Ayeke."

 " well now I cant let anyone hurt my little sister now can I?" she 
replied hugging her back.

 Sasami hugged Ayeka tighter. " oh Ayeka." 

	"AHHHHHH Kiyone help me!!" Mihoshi cried running form the very 
large dog. 

Kiyone was running after them  her blaster firing as fast as she could 
pull the trigger.

 'Mihoshi will you stop I cant get a good shot." Kiyone shouted at her.

 "but Kiyone if I stop he will eat me." Mihoshi  shouted back the fear 
deep in her voice.

  That is not a bad idea. Kiyone thought to herself.

	 Mihoshi was loosing the foot race with the beast, as it got 
closer it could feel its kill and leaped for her.

 At that same instance Mihoshi's foot caught on a root and she crashed 
to the ground just as the monster lunged.

 " oh Mihoshi you are such a cluts." Kiyone  shouted.

 Even though she knew that was what just saved her.

 With Mihoshi out of the way Kiyone  had a clear shot.

	 She fired but the beast was a little quicker, but still not quick 
enough.

 The shot that should have hit it in the chest only hit it in the left 
rear leg, grazing it.

  The dog turned to face its new threat.

 Kiyone's eyes widened as the dog  turned to face her its lips curled up 
showing its long sharp teeth.

  The beast charged her. 

	She fired off several rounds but the dog easily avoided them. 

 Remembering Mihoshi's move she tried to  duck out of the beast's way.

  She luckly missed it's gaping mouth but was still hit with the force 
of its body.

 Kiyone had the breath knocked out of her from the  blow, she landed 
hard on the ground stunned.

 She tried to force her breath back into her but was not having any 
luck.

	 She was on the verge of panic not knowing where the best was or 
when its next attack might be and her completely defenseless.
 
"hey now!" Mihoshi  shouted jumping to her feet.

 " you hurt my friend you should be ashamed of yourself."

 Mihoshi's face turned to anger " you are a bad dog now don't you move 
or I am goning to have to shoot you ."

 she  hoisted the cannon on her shoulder.

	 Kiyone was able to roll over on her back to see the beast .

 It was not far from her crouching like it was getting ready to leap at 
her again.

 It shot a quick look over at Mihoshi  then turned it gaze to her she 
could see it was going to  charge but she still couldn't move.

 The beast leaped into the air.

 Kiyone brought her arm up to shield herself from the blow.

	 Mihoshi fired her gun, the blast  hitting the dog square in the 
side  of the chest.

 The impact knocked the beast away from Kiyone and up against a nearby 
tree.

  Mihoshi  dropped her weapon and ran to Kiyone.

 "Kiyone are you ok?" she asked pleading.

	 Kiyone started to get up her breath finally coming back to her.

 " I am ok." she said  putting her hand on her forhead .

 " thank you  Mihoshi." she said softly.

  Mihoshi  beemed  " Ohhh Kiyone  I am so glad you are ok.......oh my I 
was so worried."

  Kiyone looked around to see how the others where doing. 
	
	Tenchi ignited Z's sword, it responded to the  prince's power.

 A wide blue blade shimmered in front of him.

  The lizard man unleashed his axe holding it in one hand, Tecnhi saw 
that his other hand  had long steely claws on the end of each finger.

  Tenchi gulped hard and steadied his sword.

 The creature lowered himself  and let out a savage hiss, its clawed 
hand reaching  for him.

  The lizard man  lunged forward bringing up his axe and slashing at 
Tenchi.

  Tenchi brought his blade deflecting the blow, but the  shear strenght 
of the creature slammed him backwards almost knocking him down.

	 Seeing  his advantage the lizard man  pressed forward  with great 
arching swings. 

 For  Tenchi it was easy enough to stop his swings  the  lizard man 
though powerful was slow. 

 Tenchi's arm was going  numb for the shock of each swing.

  The lizard man realizing he wasn't getting past Tenchi's defences 
thought  we would try something else.

	Just as he started to swing again he watched .

 Tenchi brought up is sword to  block the blow.

 The lizard man saw his chance he swiped out his long tail catching 
Tenchi by surprise.

  Tenchi  found himself on the ground with the lizard man   standing 
over him.

	 He could see the  creature smile as it raised the  axe over its 
head.

  Just as he started to swing he froze.

 He couldn't move all around him  tiny logs appeared.

  " you shall not harm Lord Tenchi ." Ayeka comanded.

  Tenchi looked over and saw her standing  just off  to the left of him.

 On her face a look of determantaion, he saw his chance. pointing the 
sword at the  creature he drove the blade upward.

 The lizard man's eyes became round as he felt the  blade enter his 
chest pushing its way thru, severing his spine as it exited out his 
back.

	 Tenchi quickly rolled away  pulling the sword out with him.

 The logs around the creature dissepeared causing it to fall to the 
ground.

  " thank you Ayeka." he said getting up from the ground.

 "ohh." Ayeka blushed putting her hands together in front of her and 
looking down.

 "you are very welcome Lord Tenchi."

	Z stepped in front of the wolf creature giving him the juri salute 
to battle

 " save your  salute's for your grave jurian." the wolf growled 
unleashing his curved sword.

  Z streached out  his left hand to his side.

 A small ball of power appeared in the center of his hand.

 He closed his hand over the ball.

 A dark red  energy blade formed in place of the ball.

	  The wolf moved in an instane, his sword  a flurry of attacks.

 It was everything Z could do to just  keep that blade at bay and still 
he found himself being forced to give up more and more ground.

  Then in a second the wolf was gone darted away only to attack again 
from a different side. 

 Z was suffering from  various cuts and gashes when the best of his 
efforts to keep the wolf's sword away failed. 

 Mihoshi  had just finished helping Kiyone to the porch when she noticed 
Z standing with his sword poised to strike but there was no one there.

  " hum that is strange I wonder what Z is doing?" she asked herself.

	 Then  she saw the blood coming from the  various wounds.

 "Oh my Z you are hurt." she said jumping up "let me help you ."

 Mihoshi ran across the  yard towards Z.

  the wolf had just made another pass attack on Z he was enjoying this 
immensely .

 He knew this  jurian  was no match for him and that it was only a 
matter of time before he wore him down enough to get in the killing 
blow.

	  He done a sharp turn and was heading back in for another pass.

 He was almost  on top of Z when out of the corner of his  eye he caught 
something blonde.

 It was heading right in his path, moving to fast to do anything about 
it the wolf creature slammed into object spining him out of control.

  Z had heard Mihoshi's call that she was going to help him.

	 He had turned to warn her back when he saw the gray blur crash 
into her.

 The impacked sent her  and the  wolf flying.

 Z saw his chance.

 the wolf hitting Mihoshi slowed it down enough so he could see it and 
with it also totally out of control.

 Z shot forward arching his blade into the air and bringing in down.

 He could feel his  blade passing thru flesh as he finished his swing.

	  He turned and saw the wolf creature laying on the ground both 
it's legs severed just above the knees.

 The wounds where burned closed by the energy of his sword.

 He will live Z thought he will just be a lot slower.

Sasami saw Mihoshi take  that  spill

 " oh Mihoshi are you alright?" she asked running over to her.

 "Ouch!" Mihoshi groaned out not able to move.

	Ryoko continued to fly higer about the house, for her the air was 
the place to fight.

 Complete freedom to  go any way you wanted.

 The twin girls we not far behind, taking out there blasters they 
started firing at Ryoko.

 She looked back at them easily dodging  the fire

 " SO you wanna play rough huh. Well that's fine by me."  Ryoko shouted 
back at them.

 She  pointed her hand down at the twins releasing  a furry of  energy 
blast.

  The twins where forced to separate  to keep from being hit.

  Ryoko disappeared, the two girls stopped searching the sky for her. 

	 The black haired one  scanned down around the house not seeing 
her she looked  out over across the forest.

  Her eyes widened when she saw she was now face to face with Ryoko.

  Ryoko  gave her a devious smile "gotcha."

 Ryoko slammed her fist into the girls jaw,sending her flying back to 
the ground.

 Ryoko bolted down after her, drawing her fist back to strike the girl 
again.

  She halted to avoid the  blaster shots zooming around her.

	  Ryoko brought both of her hands together. A large ball of energy 
forming.

  Ryoko spung around. "now it is my turn." she smiled firing the energy 
at the girl.
 
 It came to fast for the girl to avoid it, she was hit head on.

 the energy exploded on her, sending her hurling  over into the woods.

  Ryoko grined at her handy work, returning her attention back to the 
girl she was chasing.

	" you  are not going to get away either." she  said getting closer 
to the falling girl.

 "I am Ryoko. Remember that casue it is going to be the last thing you 
ever hear." Ryoko sped up her  flight.

  She closed in on the girl, she swung her fist deep into the girls mid 
section doubling her over.

  The girl smashed into the ground, Ryoko right on top of her.  

	Z turned around  just in time to see the girls hit the ground.

 He could see Ryoko  was winning easy.

 Then  he caught sight of the other girl racing down at Ryoko

 her sword pointed to spear Ryoko in the back.

 Z  shot from his spot, The girl was going to get there before he was or 
so he thought.

  The girl swoped down behind Ryoko, Drawing her sword over her head.

	 Her face shown the egerness for the kill, her eyes went wild as 
she  drove the sword down.

  Her blade stopped short, she looked down to see that a long deep red 
energy sword was blocking her own blade.

  She followed the sword up to the eyes  of the young man holding it.

 "that is not  a very honorable way to fight." he said smiling at the 
woman. 

 The woman's eyes went wide as she slowly  looked away from him and down 
to her chest.

  " who said anything about fighting honorable." Ryoko said holding her 
light red sword in the girls chest. 

	"Who are you old man?" Akira asked  taking out his long Two handed 
blade.

  "who I am  is not important." Yosho answered bringing Tenchi-kin to 
life.

  " want a name so I can remember to person I have killed." akira said 
his voice becoming  more solemn.

  The eyes of the skull in his sword began to glow.

 White bolts of power  crackled over the blade.

	 Yosho's glasses flashed, akira charged, blades met.

   For several minutes they  fought niether man getting the advantage.

  " I have never had to  fight this long." Akira said.blocking yet 
another one of Yosho'a thrust.

  " your skills are very good."

  " coming from you that is a great honor." Yosho said mockingly.

 " lets say we stop practicing and really get down to it."

 " WHAT! How dare! You make fun of me!!" Akira shouted in rage.

 Yosho  let out a  Battle cry, charging Akira.

  Akira brought up his sword to block the blow.

	 Just as Yosho's blade hit Akira's Yosho pushed a huge  burst of 
power into his blade. 

 Tenchi-kin cut neatly thru Akira's sword the tip of the blade just 
cutting into Akira's forhead.

  Akira dropped to his knees. He, The great Akira beaten in battle by a 
old man.

 He looked down at his shattered sword

  " I have never been beaten." he said his voice in disbelief.

  Akira stood up." I will not die on my knees."

	 he stood in front of Yosho raised his head up high and closed his 
eyes.

  " so you wish me to kill you now is that it?" Yosho asked him. 

 Akira did not respond. " there has been enough killing 
tonight....Azaka! Kamadocki! Take this one to Washu's lab I am sure she 
will want to speak with him." He said letting  his blade disapear.

 "as you comand my lord." Azaka said.

 " we will do as you comand." agreed the other. 

 Both Guardians in cased Akira in a force field. " come with us please." 
they both said. 

	It took every one a few minutes to get there bearings.

  Washu set about getting her robots out to clean up the mess as the 
others  where making sure that everyone was ok.

   The group made there way into the house setting down to Sasami's now 
cold lunch. 

 They all ate slowly and quietly, everyone with the same question on 
there mind (who is trying to kill us now). 

	Washu sat in her main computer chair.

 Her red hair flowing down behind her as she stared into the screen she 
was wearing. 

 After a second of looking at various data she stumbled across something 
strange.

 She  stopped the random patterens to zoom in on the strange data. 

She narrowed her eyes as the realazation of what she saw sank  into her  
brain.

 " Oh my god!!!!!" 



Well this is the end of part three I hope you are all enjoying this as 
much as I am writing it. If you want to send me any comments please feel 
free to do so at Animal20200@hotmail.com
	 	                                                     
