
This is my first try at writing. Being such a fan of the show I was  
just moved to do it. I hope it stays true to the characters or at least 
as close I can get them. Any comments you have I would love to hear even 
if you don't like it this will let me know if I am doing the gang the 
honor they deserve or I should hang up my writing program. 
Disclaimer  I do not own any of these characters that are in my story 
even Z is used from the last ep  in the O.A.V.  so  I hope ya don't want 
to sue me  heck I have not made one red cent from it. Besides guys  to 
be copied means you must have done something right that others want to 
do the same thing right???? Ok ill not brown nose any more 




                                             Night after the carnival 
(part one)



	"No Tenchi !!! Please come back" Sasami cried out as she saw 
Tenchi   being dragged off by an unknown man.

  Sasami  looked around her.

 There was only blackness, then her eyes came across the bodies of 
Mihoshi and Kiyone.

  Both GP officers where not moving, she saw the burns from the  blast 
they had taken.

  She cried out " Ohhh Please don't be dead!!"   The tears running down 
her cheeks.

 	 Not far from  them she saw Yosho  he was laying face down,  a 
small stream of blood moving out  on to the floor.

  Washu  lay on her side just at Yosho's feet.

  Her cloths where still smoking from the  force that hit her, her  
fiery red hair was charred  and  smoldering.

  Sasami turned her eyes away not being able to stand to see it any 
more. 

 But her fears where not over, on the other side of her lay  her sister 
Ayeka she was laying flat  on her back,  her   face cut and bleeding. 

	  " Oh no  Ayeka!" she  sobbed.  She glanced up laying next to her 
sister was a man she did not know. 

  the man was laying  over the top of Ryoko.

 His back was very badly burned. 

 Was he trying to  protect her Sasami wondered.

	  Ryoko was unconsesous  but other wise seemed  not  hurt to 
badly. 

Sasami  started to get up to  go to her sister when a sharp pain  rushed 
thru her.

 She  looked down at her  kimono  the darkness of her  blood grew larger 
and larger.

 " Help!!!!! Somebody please help me."  she started feeling dizzy as 
weakness over took her.

 "Tsunami where are you? Help us please."  Soon the darkness over took 
her.

	Sasami  set straight up in  her bed, Her eyes where wide and red 
from crying in her sleep.

 She tried to rub the soreness from them. "Ayeka are you  awake?" she 
asked her  voice still a little shaky.

  She pulled her hands away from her still sore eyes and looked over to 
where Ayeka was sleeping.

  She leaned over  and looked closer, Ayeka was breathing softly  with 
her cheek resting on her hand. 

She is asleep Sasami thought so she ever so quietly slipped out of her 
bed and into the hallway.

	 She had to  see if Tenchi was ok he would know what to do, he 
would make these awful dreams go away.

 She stopped in front of his bedroom door and lightly knocked. "Tenchi  
are you awake?" she  asked thru the door.

  She heard  the sound of his bed moving. After a second "Sasami? Is 
that you?" he asked. 

 " Yes Tenchi it is me, can I come in  I had another bad dream." she 
replied.

 "umm yes please come in. where is Ayeka?" he asked. Getting up to turn 
on  his light for her.

 "she is sleeping  Tenchi. I didn't want to wake her up." she answered 
as he opened up the door for her. 

	As soon she saw him she couldn't hold it in any longer, she rushed 
to him and  hugged him tightly.

 Her tears rushing out once again. " OH it was  awful Tenchi everyone I 
loved was hurt really bad.

 Even me and this man  came and took you  Tenchi. We couldn't stop him, 
not even Ryoko." 

she buried her head in his chest and  continued to cry. 

" It is ok Sasami." he said putting his arm around her. " everyone is 
ok. And I am still here."

 he lead her into his room " I tell you what  you can sleep here in my 
bed  and ill sleep on the futon ok. And in the morning you will see that 
everything is ok."

	 he went over  and pulled the covers down  helping Sasami get into 
the bed.

 " Thank you  Tenchi." she said snuggling down into his pillow.

 " it is ok. Now  you get some sleep."  he  drew the covers over her and 
got up to get out the futon.

 " we will ask Washu about it in the morning. She will know what it 
means ok."

  "ok Tenchi good night ."she said with a  small yawn. 

 "goodnight Sasami." he smiled at her before laying down to sleep 
himself.  

	Tenchi woke up to the sun shining brightly in his window. He 
rolled  over sitting up  on his bed.

 "good morning  Tenchi sweetie." that sensuous seductive voice flowed 
across Tenchi's  brain. 

 His eyes popped open. Sitting  across from him on a chair he had put 
there just for this  purpose  was Ryoko.

 She was wearing her favorite blue and yellow striped dress.

 One leg was crossed over the other as she looked up at him.

 Tenchi caught himself looking back at her.

	  The sun  that was coming in the window was washing itself over 
her.

 Her golden eyes sparkled and her beautiful cyan hair flowing  around 
her face.  

Tenchi  quickly looked away, he was already blushing "Oh." he stuttered. 
" good morning Ryoko." 

 " I see you had a visitor last night." she said turning towards him 
putting her elbows oh her knees and resting her chin in her hands.

 " Sasami have another  one of her bad dreams again?" she asked.

 "Yes." he replied. " she is going to tell Washu about it."

  Tenchi had made his bed up and was rolling up his futon.

 " I think I might  have to be jealous here." Ryoko stood up and 
teleported to him putting her arms around him

 " she spends more time in your bed then I do." she leaned in and purred 
in his ear the warmth of her words flowing  over his neck.

 " Ryoko Remember our agreement. You promised to behave yourself if I 
let you stay in here and watch me.

 That is what the chair was for." he  sputtered out very much aware of 
her closeness.                                                                                                                                                  
	                                                                                                                                                                                        
	"but Tenchi that was when you where in the bed." she said 
playfully running her finger in little circles over his chest.

 " and you are not in the bed right now..........are you." she hugged 
him in closer to her.

 
"Ryoko you know  that wasn't part of the deal." he felt her loosen her  
arms from him.

  She was still for a moment before letting him go completely. "ok 
Tenchi." she said hiding the hurt from her voice.

	 " besides Ayeka will just ruin it anyway." she said  putting up 
her space pirate toughness.

  "Lord Tenchi breakfast is ready." came Ayeka's  voice from the hall.

 " see what did I tell ya." Ryoko said with a smirk.

 " well you know how Sasami hates for us to eat a cold breakfast and I 
am  hungry anyway."

  " huh? What? ..... Ohh  ya you are right." he replied scratching the 
back of his head. 

" see you down there lover." she winked at him and  disappeared from the 
room. 

	Ryoko reappeared in her spot at the Maski table.

 " oh good morning Ryoko." Mihoshi  smiled between mouthfuls  of steamed 
rice.

 " good morning Mihoshi and Kiyone." Ryoko said helping herself  to the 
food.

 " good morning." Kiyone replied.

 " you girls have to  go out on patrol this morning?" Nobiyuki  asked.

 " Yes we really should be going before we are late." Kiyone said.

 " you should finish eating before you  go." Yosho said sitting quietly 
at the head of the table. 

" Yes Kiyone please!!!! I am still hungry!" Mihoshi begged. Pulling 
Kiyone's  shirt.

 " Mihoshi! Let me go will you." said Kiyone angrily trying to pull her 
shirt back for the begging and pleading Mihoshi.

 " ok ok !! If you will let go we will stay." Kiyone yelled giving her 
shirt one last pull. 

"YAAAAA!! Thanks Kiyone!" Mihoshi cheered letting go of the shirt just 
as Kiyone  pulled.

  The teal haired detective went crashing to the floor.

    " oh are you ok?" Nobiyuki asked. 

 Ryoko nearly spit out her rice cake  from laughing  and Mihoshi  just 
munched away happily  on her breakfast. 

	Ayeka finished combing her long  rich purple hair and quickly and 
skillfully put it  in two ponytails.

 She looked herself over in the mirror making sure she looked just 
perfect before going down to eat with  lord Tenchi.

 Yes she smiled to herself this will do perfect. 

She  slid open  her bedroom door and stepped into the hall just as 
Tenchi was coming out of the bathroom.

 "OH Lord Tenchi good morning." she said blushing instantly.

  She quickly crossed her hands in front of her and  looked down from 
him.

 " oh ! Miss Ayeka  you startled me." Tenchi said. " good morning."

  " I am sorry  I didn't mean to startle you." Ayeka replied bowing a 
little lower.

 " oh it is ok I was on my way to eat breakfast." he said noticing  her 
lower her bow.

 " As was I."  she said.

	 " then shall we go together."  he said. Smiling at her. 

 Ayeka looked up at him she caught her breath, he is smiling at me she 
thought.

  Her heart  leaped " Yes I would love to." she smiled warmly at him.

 He turned and started down the hall Ayeka fell into step beside him.

	Sasami came  out of the kitchen carrying  the rest of the food.

 " ok everybody eat up while it is hot." she said cheerfully as she 
placed it on the table.

 " Hey where is Tenchi?" she asked  not seeing him  at the table yet.

 " he is coming." Ryoko replied.

 " he is a little tired after last night." she smiled suggestively .  " 
after I was done with him."

 " Oh my!!!! Ryoko you didn't do that did you?" exclaimed Mihoshi.

 " I mean you didn't.... oh my... did you and Tenchi ummmm." she blushed 
fiercely . 

 " Ummmhummmm."  Ryoko giggled.

 " Ryoko you wasn't in Tenchi's room last." Sasami said with a blank 
look on her face.

 " you were not awake all night  where you ?"  Ryoko said looking at her 
and smiling.

 Ryoko's smile grew bigger when she saw that  Sasami  finally grasped at 
her meaning.

 " OH Ryoko." Sasami blushed looking down and smiling.

  Ryoko's  smile turned to laughter, she loved teasing these guys. 

	 It didn't take long for Nobiyuki to get the meaning either.

 He nearly choked on his tea. "well I got to go to work." he said 
jumping up  grabbing his briefcase and running out the door.

 That only made Ryoko laugh  harder.

  " good morning everybody!" Washu said as she shut the  door to her 
lab.

 " wow that sure smells good Sasami I am starving." she said  sitting 
down at the table and quickly filling her plate.

 " thank you  Washu!" Sasami said smiling really big.

  " Morning Miss Washu." said Mihoshi.

  " Mihoshi." Washu nodded her greeting back.

	  Washu was thoroughly  enjoying her food  when she noticed Ryoko 
Still smiling and Laughing to herself .

 Washu narrowed her eyes and looked around at the others " what's with 
her?"

  " oh her and Tenchi umm well you know......they umm  well." Mihoshi 
giggled

 " Oh my this is so embarrassing ." her face getting redder. 

 Washu  raised a eye and turned to Ryoko 

  "Did my little Ryoko do the naughty with Tenchi Last night?"  Washu 
said in her  little mommy voice. 

	 Ryoko stopped laughing  " that is something only two lovers 
should know about." 

 then she started softly laughing again 

  " you did no such thing." Ryoko heard over her mothers link " I can 
tell." Washu smiled at Ryoko.

  "what!" she shoot back over the link " you can not tell that."

   " Yes I can  you  are still untouched in that way."

 Ryoko stared hard at her mother. " we can go into my lab and I can 
check, you want me to do that?" 

 Ryoko's face burned and her stare became a glare.

 " My virginity is none of your Business!!!!!!"   Ryoko shouted out.

	 Everyone stopped eating and looked at her all faces blushing even 
Yosho's. 

  Washu Cackled. "AHHHHHH." she said stretching  her arms over her head.

 " If anybody needs me ill be in my lab." she got up and disappeared 
back thru the lab door.

  Ryoko turned at the sound of Ayeka Laughing behind  her.

  " well no wonder you are still a virgin Ryoko nobody wants to make 
love to a 2000 year old woman it is just unnatural." 

 Ryoko shot up  her hands clinched into fist " grrrrrrrrrrrrrr."  she 
growled.

 	Then vanished only to appear next to Tenchi.

  She wrapped her arms around him and purred into his ear. " that is 
because I am saving myself for you." 

 Tenchi's  eyes  when round and a small drop of blood ran from his nose

 "R .R...R.Ryoko." he stuttered out.

 " unlike some used up  princess over there." she taunted. 

	 "WHAT!!!" Ayeka screamed " how dare you  even suggest I am not 
pure!!!!! I will not stand for any more of this I am going to deal with 
you once and for all."

  Ayeka took a step back  and crossed her hands in front of her .

 Power logs started to  appear around the room. 

 Ryoko teleported to the middle of the room hovering a few feet from the 
floor her energy sword in hand.

  " bring it on princess." Ryoko challenged forming a  red glowing ball 
of power in her other hand.

 Everyone else in the house  scattered out as  fast as they could.

 " we got to go on patrol anyway ." Kiyone shouted thru the  noise of 
the power build up in the room.

 " come on Mihoshi lets get outa here before the place explodes."  
Kiyone jumped up and ran for the door.

  " Thanks for having us over Tenchi and breakfast was great Sasami ." 
Mihoshi shouted and she ran after her partner. 

	 Tenchi having no place to run  just jumped over and hid behind 
the couch.

  Ryoko Fired her energy ball  at Ayeka.

 " Take this you snotty  little princess!"  Ryoko shouted. 

Ayeka fired her juri power at Ryoko's blast. 

The two energies collided  VAAAAAROOOOOOOOMMM a large explosion shot 
thru the house.

 After the dust cleared Tenchi look out from behind the couch. There in 
the ruble laid  Ryoko and Ayeka soot covered and coughing . 

	Washu looked up from her holo computer.

 The little crab on her lab door was shaking.

 She smiled. Them two are at it again is see.

  I have such a bully for a daughter. She laughed to herself .

 she started typing on the  panel again.

  A red light started flashing on one of her  other  panels she used to  
monitor some of her  scanning systems

. "what is this?" she said  to no one. 

She typed in some commands and a picture  appeared on  the screen of her 
holo computer. 

 She knew at once she was looking into Ryoko's cave she had  installed a 
mini camera in there.

 To keep a eye on the place

 " so what is going on in here." then her eyes  narrowed a little "Well 
Well hello there." she said to the picture  on the screen

	 Tenchi  had managed to leave the house after scolding both girls 
on fighting in the house.

 They both told  him how sorry they where.

  He was angry when he left but after walking a bit up to the shrine  
the  sight of the day took it all away.

 
The cherry blossom tree's where in full bloom there branches rustling in 
the wind, sending the blossom floating on air and  drifting  slowly to 
the ground.

 He picked up his pace not wanting to be late for his practice with 
grandpa.

	 " there you are Tenchi." Yosho said as Tenchi  finished  climbing 
the steps.

 "I am sorry grandpa." Tenchi replied his hand going to the back of his 
head.

 " did you  handle the matters at  the house." Yosho asked. 

 " Yes. When will they ever learn to not fight so much."  Tenchi said. 

Yosho stood for a second "hummmmm." was his only answer.

 He reached and  pushed his  glasses up a little on his nose " are you 
ready Tenchi?" 

  Tenchi took one of the bokken from  its holder and faced off from his 
grandpa. " yes I am ready." 

	 Yosho let out a battle cry and  charged at Tenchi. 

 The crack of wood echoed into the  forest. 

Another crack of wood as Tenchi was doing his best to fend off Yosho's 
attacks.

  " concentrate Tenchi don't force it. It will come naturally." Yosho 
told him still keeping up the  fury of  jabs and slices.

  Then without warning he stopped.

 Tenchi wasn't able to  stop as fast and stumbled backwards falling flat 
of his back.

 " ouch Grandpa do you always have to do stuff like that." 

	 "some one is  here," Yosho  said looking  towards the stairs.

  Tenchi stopped complaining  " huh?." he said following  his grandpa's 
stare. 

 Standing at the top was a  young man Tenchi could tell  he was jurian. 

He wore the  battle suit of a knight.

 At his side hung what looked like his Tenchi-kin the only difference 
was the cross handle seemed to be longer.

	 His hair was cut in the customary jurian style he had one long 
ponytail laying over his shoulder and  ending at just above his waist 

.he wore a  head band made out of wood.

 Tenchi  assumed it must be made from  that mans tree. 

 The top of his hair was cut short with  one long strand running down 
each side of his face and stopping  at his  chin level.

 His eyes where a darker brown then his hair. 

 His skin hand that  deep tan look  just like Mihoshi.

	 " hello young man  may I help you ." Yosho asked.

 The man walked closer to them.

 Tenchi  scrambled to his feet next to grandpa.

  " who is this?' Tenchi asked  softly so the man wouldn't hear him.

 "  I have never seen him before." Yosho answered.

  " it is a honor to meet you  my lord." the man said bowing to  Yosho.

 " I am Z and I have  traveled a long way to be here."

	 " you have come from juri?" Tenchi asked.

 " at one time yes lord Tenchi  I did but that was a very long time ago 
I am afraid."

 " how do you know my name?" Tenchi asked surprised.

 " everyone knows who you are lord Tenchi you are second crown prince of 
Juri and  lord Yosho is first crown prince and successor to the throne."  
Z answered.

 " your defeat of Kagato and Dr. clay are well  know thru out the galaxy 
." 

 Tenchi notices that Z was a little taller then he was to but only by a 
couple inches.

	 " so what brings you here to the  Maski shrine?" Yosho  asked 
him. 
 " I have come to speak with Ryoko." Tenchi stepped forward in front of 
his grand father his tone much more serious.

 " what do you want with Ryoko? I know how you  Jurian's feel about her 
and I wont let you hurt her,"  he warned.

  " you  have nothing to fear from me lord Tenchi  I assure you  I wish 
only to talk with her.

 I would never hurt her you  have my word as a former knight."  Z 
replied.

	 " you are no longer a knight?" Tenchi asked.

 " no  when my time of service was up  I chose to leave instead of 
staying a knight." Z told him.

 " Oh  you can do that?" Tenchi asked  even more surprised.

  Z smiled and chuckled a little " Yes you can do that the choice to be 
a knight is yours and yours alone. It is not a demand it is a 
privilege."

  " Tenchi! Why don't you take this young man down to the house  so he 
can speak with Ryoko." Yosho said. Turning to walk back into the shrine.

  " but grandpa what about practice?"  Tenchi asked still not being able 
to take everything in all at once.

  " we will practice  tomorrow." he replied. " If you need me ill be  in 
my office." 

 Tenchi watched as Yosho  walked into his office and slid the door 
closed behind  him. 

	Z and Tenchi started towards the house walking down the long  line 
of steps leading from the shrine.

 " thank you lord  Tenchi for  allowing me to do this." Z Said after 
they had gotten about half way down.

  Tenchi stopped  "  I am sorry I didn't mean to be rude to you  at the 
shrine I just  want to make sure Ryoko is safe."

 " no need to be sorry lord Tenchi I understand if I was in your place I 
would have done the same thing." Z paused a moment.

 Then smiling at Tenchi. " You care for her don't you ?" 

  " huh?.....Oh well you see." Tenchi's hand went to the back of his 
head. 

 As quickly as he had put it there he brought it back down again and 
faced Z

 " I care for all the girls that stay here they are my family and I 
would  protect any one of them." 

  " that is very noble of you ." Z replied still smiling. 

 He  started back down the steps again.  
 
	Once they reached the bottom of the steps they where greeted by  
Washu.

  "Washu!" Tenchi said. " what are you doing out here?" 

  " hello Tenchi!" Washu Waved to him.  " I was just on my way to see 
you."

 she stopped in front  of  Tenchi and Z, then she turned slightly 
towards Z looking  at him  very intently.

 " who is this?" she asked  in a quizzical voice.

	  Before  Tenchi could answer Z bowed down  on one knee before 
Washu and lowered his head 

" Lady Washu I am  very honored to meet you."  he raised his head and 
looked up at her.

 Washu  put her hands on her hips and smiled down at him.

 He reached out and took her hand.

 Her smiled  turned into a look of surprise.

  He gently kissed the back of her hand and slowly released it.

	 Washu  blushed bright red. She jumped back from  him  clasping 
both her hands to her face. 

 " OH MY !!" she said  in her little girlish voice "  I like this one." 
she laughed.

 "Tenchi why don't you  go on down to the house and see if Ryoko is 
there. Ill walk him the rest of the way." 

 Tenchi looked  down  at her. 

He  immediately saw that knowing look in her face. 

" uh... Ok Washu."  he said starting to walk towards the house.

	As soon as Washu saw that Tenchi  was out of  hearing range. " so 
what do you want with my daughter?"  she asked him.

 Z stood up from his bow. " lady Washu I only wish to speak with her  I 
assure you ," 

 " well What is it about?"  she was not about to let it go that easy.

   " it is something I can only say to her." he looked down. " I am 
sorry, Please forgive me." 

	 This caught her off guard., she looked at him surprised  for a 
moment then her usual little smile came back

 "Well then if it is something  only you can say to her  then  I guess 
we better go and find her." 

 she turned and started walking towards the house as well.

 " come with me please." she said in her formal tone.

 Z followed  shortly behind her. " Yes." he smiled " little Washu."

  Washu rolled her eyes and groaned. "God! What did they do read 
Mihoshi's  report on the evening news." she  just kept walking.

 Z laughing to himself.  
        
	Washu  slid open the  front door and stepped into the  living room 
Z following closely behind her.

 
She  looked around the  room " well no one is here." she said more to 
herself then to him.

 " they must be out back." she turned and smiled at him before turning 
back  around and  walking  into the kitchen.

 " lets go see shall we?"  just before she stepped into the kitchen the 
door to her lab rattled and shook, then blowing open all the way, black 
smoke pouring out into the hallway.

 " Ahhh what is going on?" she screamed.

 Washu bolted for her lab door, from inside you she could hear someone's 
voice.

	 " Oh my  what happened? Washu where are you ? Washu!"  came the 
voice from inside.

 " ahh!! Mihoshiiiiiiiiiiiiii  I am going to kill you if you touched any 
my experiments!" 

 she  jumped into the smoke coming out of her door and disappeared.

  Z just stood there a surprised look on his face not sure what  he 
should do. 

	 Then Washu poked her head back out of the door  her hair and face 
splashed with soot and smoke.

 " by the way this is it make yourself at home I am sure  the others 
will be along soon." she gave him a very  big smile

 " sit down why don't you!"  her smile changed somewhat more seductive

 " I'll show you my lab latter ok...bye bye now." she said cheerily. And 
slipped back into her lab.

  " Mihoshi what did you do?" he heard from inside.

  " oh there you are Washu. I was looking for you. Umm well I don't know 
I just walked in and this shinny thing right here touched me.. Well I 
thought it was trying to get me and...ummmmm well I accidentally shot 
it." 

" What!!! Yyyyou Idiot!!!!!!"

 "I am sorry really I am but it scared me."
	
	  Z was at a total loss for  words all he could do for some time 
was just stand there.

 until his  mind suddenly kicked in and he remember Washu had asked him, 
well rather told him to sit down.

 So with nothing better to do he walked over and sat down on the couch. 

 He had no sooner got there and  sat when the  kitchen door  opened up 
and out walked a young girl.

 She was extremely  cute her light blue hair in two  very long pigtails, 
her ruby colored eyes were bursting with  life.

 She was wearing  a  gray and blue dress and vest  Z knew it was jurian 
in style and form.

	 She was humming to herself carrying out trays of food and placing 
them on the  dinning table.

  She just set down the last try when she noticed she was being  
watched.

 " oh  hello who are you?" she asked smiling at him.

 Z stood up immediately almost falling back down in his haste.

 " I beg your pardon." he said turning to her and bowing.

 " my names is Z I am honored to meet you."

 " you  are a knight of juri aren't you?" she asked.

 Her smile getting a little bigger. 

 " I am a former knight princess. But yes at one time I was." he replied  
smiling warmly back at her.

	 " wow! Wont  Ayeka be surprised." she jumped in her excitement. 

She giggled happily then stopped and looked at him " how did you know I 
was a princess?"

   "You are  princess Sasami second crown  of the  juri royal family." 
he bowed again.

 " you are well known in the galaxy princess, a hero among the  people." 

 Sasami beamed. " really? I was never a hero before." 

 " true hero's are always the last to know who they are." Z said warmly 
and gave  the little princess a tender smile. 

 Sasami  blushed a bright  shade of red and  giggled. 

 She looked away from him " oh let me get my sister. Ayeka!!" she 
shouted. 

	" Sasami you shouldn't shout in the house I can hear you well 
enough you know." Ayeka answered  walking down the stairs.

  " but Ayeka  look who is here he is from  juri. isn't the great." she 
Sasami told her pointing to  Z.

 Ayeka stopped on the steps and looked  at Z.

 " Oh.' she said.  The surprise showing in her eyes. 

 Z bowed to her " I am honored to meet you as well princess Ayeka."

 " Oh..umm hello." she said. Ayeka continued down the stairs.

 " why has a knight of juri came here to earth? Did the council send you 
?" she asked walking into the dinning area.

	 " no princess I have come here on my own. As I have  told  
princess Sasami I am no longer a knight. I have served my term."

 he paused for a second " I am here on a private matter."

 she looked at him very curious. " and what is this private matter?" she 
asked very interested.

  "I have come to speak with lady Ryoko." he answered.

  Her eyes get noticeably bigger, Ryoko she thought and he called her 
lady as well.

	 That monster woman is far from a lady. 

" well I am going to get everybody for lunch." Sasami said. 

" I  have  some extra. Z are you hungry? Ill set a plate for ok." she 
said. Going back towards the kitchen.

  " thank you  Princess Sasami I am  hungry."   he replied. 

" great!" she giggled and dashed into the kitchen. 

 " What is it you wish to speak with That woman about?"  Ayeka  asked. 

Not hiding her anger very well.

	 "  I can not say." he watched her eyes narrow a little and her 
hands slightly turn into fist.

 " it is for her to hear first princess I am sorry." 

 "How dare you refuse me!!!"  Z lowered his  eyes from her.

 She was about to continue when  the door to Washu's lab flew open more 
smoke poured out followed by a few explosions from deep inside. 

 "GET OUT!!!!" Washu shouted. 
 Out from the smoking door came  a tall very attractive Blond.

  Her hair was pulled back and tied with a blue band.

 Her skin was a golden tan and really brought out her  lake blue eyes.

  " but but Washu I can help." she said as the small red head was 
pushing her out the door.
  
" No I don't need your help.  Go away now." Washu said angrily giving  
the girl one last push and slamming the door shut.

  Ayeka's anger was lost at Mihoshi's dramatic entrance

  "oh Ayeka." Mihoshi greeted her cheerfully.

 Then she noticed Z. "who is this?" Mihoshi asked Ayeka.

  " this is Z." she answered " Z this is Mihoshi of the galaxy  police."  
Ayeka said to him.

 " Hi! It is nice to meet you." Mihoshi said.

 She walked over to Z extending her hand to him. 

 He bowed to her taking her hand in his and kissing it  gently.

  " it is a pleasure to meet you  detective 1st  class Mihoshi."

  she blushed furiously her whole face turning a deep red.

 Her other hand covering her cheek. " Oh my  do I know you?" she asked 
keeping her hand in his a little longer. 

 " no  miss Mihoshi  you do not but I have heard a great deal about 
you."  he smiled at her also holding her hand as well.

 " you and 1st class detective Kiyone  Are responsible  for aiding  in 
the capture of some of the worst class a criminals know in this universe 
including Kane, Kagato, and Dr Clay." he said appreciably.

 Mihoshi  noticed she was still holding his hand and pulled away her 
face turning an even deeper shade of red. 

	" hi everybody! What is going on?" asked  Kiyone coming in from 
the back 

" Sasami said lunch was ready  it sure smells good."

 "OH Kiyone look we have a visitor!" Mihoshi  said happily seeing her 
partner and friend.

 " this is Z he is a knight." she said happily  sitting down at the 
table " oh this looks good! I am starving." 

	 " it is a pleasure to meet you miss Kiyone." Z said bowing to her 
as he had done to the others.
 
"hello Z nice to meet you ." Kiyone's mind raced a mile a second as her  
long time training kicked in and questions flooded into her brain.

  "please allow me." Z said moving out of the way  so Kiyone could sit 
down at the table.

 She blushed just a little " thank you." she said sitting next to her 
partner.

  Ayeka had settled herself across the table from the two  GP  officers. 
Still watching Z with some displeasure. 

 "Washu!" it is time to eat." Sasami called thru  the closet door that 
led to  the lab.

	  Then she  ran to the bottom of the stairs and called up " 
Tenchi!... Ryoko! Lunch is ready!!"

  Washu came out of her lab  shook of some of the soot and ash from her 
clothes and hair. 

 "AHHHHH Sasami that smells wonderful I didn't realize how hungry I 
was." Washu   said stretching her arms over her head.

  Her spiky red hair flowing down to her ankles , rolling back and forth 
in waves as she yawned. 

	The front door slid open  "I am back." Tenchi said walking in.

 "is it lunch time already? I didn't think it was that late." he went 
into the dinning area

 " oh I couldn't find Ryoko Washu." Tenchi said seeing  the little 
genius.

 "Oh its ok I am sure she will be back soon." she  smiled at him. 

Tenchi came in and sat down at the foot of the table next Ayeka.

  " Are you just going to stand there Z or are you going to sit down and 
enjoy some of Sasami's wonderful cooking." Yosho said.

 He was sitting at the head of the table Quietly sipping his tea.

  Everyone jumped, looking  at him. Nobody had seen him  come in let 
alone sit down and start eating.

 " grandpa!" Tenchi yelled. " I wish you wouldn't do that kind of stuff 
." 

Yosho leveled a cold stare at Tenchi causing him to start sweating and 
leaning away from his grandpa.

 Everyone froze wondering what was going to happen expecting Yosho to 
scold  Tenchi.

 Then Yosho smiled and laughed out loud. The rest of the table sighed 
with relief and continued eating.

	  "well what do you say Z?" Yosho asked him again.

  Z snapped out of his staring at the group realizing they where all 
looking  back at him.

 " Oh.. yes excuse my thoughtlessness." 

 "come you  may sit beside me." Yosho told him pointing to  the spot to 
the right of him and  next to Sasami.

 " as you wish." Z said taking his spot next to them.

  " here you go Z." Sasami said handing him a plate.

 " take this and dig in  while it is still hot. There is plenty." she 
smiled.

 " thank you  princess." Z replied taking the plate from her. 

	  "So Z tell us." Ayeka asked pausing from her  lunch.

 " what is going on. On juri  right now any news? How are the royal 
family doing?"

  Z stopped  filling his plate and set it down in front of him.

 " well I can not say princess Ayeka."  he placed  his chopsticks beside 
his plate.

 "because I have not been on juri." he looked right into her eyes.

 Ayeka was very curious. " why is that?" she asked.

 Z stopped for a minute she knew he was thinking very carefully about 
what he was going to answer her with. 

She  knew he did not want to tell her but being a former knight he would 
never lie to her that she was  very sure.    
	
	"I was living on another planet." he answered her.

 " for how long?" she asked again not satisfied with his answer. 

 Again he looked at her and smiled just a little, that was when she saw 
it, the softness in his eyes, but there was also something more, was it 
a sadness or maybe something deeper she wasn't sure.

  Then she noticed that Washu was watching him very closely as well.

 "several hundred years." Z replied.
 
Washu's eyes narrowed and a small little smile spread across her face.

	Ryoko found herself hovering over the lake she was holding a few 
small vials.

 Why do I have to this  she thought.

 Then she slowly lowered herself under the water.

 Damn that Washu! She cursed  to herself. 

	She moved around thru the  brush and  old wood that littered the 
bottom of the lake.

 Then she came to a spot that didn't have any  growth on it nothing but 
the  mud bottom.

  She  filled the vials up with the  foul smelling stuff.

 What ever she is going to tell me that Tenchi said about me better be 
good or she is going to pay for tricking me into doing this for her.

	 Once  they where all full she teleported out of the lake and 
phased herself dry.

 Now  she thought to find this flower I wonder what kind experiment she 
id doing with this stuff anyway.

 Weeds and mud not the normal kind of things  Washu uses.

  But she didn't care Washu told her that Tenchi was Talking about her 
the other day.

 But she wouldn't tell her unless she  got these things she said she 
need for her experiment.

	  Ryoko flew to the spot near the base of the mountain the was 
just a few miles north of the Masaki house.

 She spotted the  small red flower and  teleported down  and dug it up.

  Once that was done she pushed a little crab shaped pin  on her sleeve.

 A small  black hole appeared in front of her. 

She placed the  vials and the flower into the hole as it shrunk from 
view and vanished .

ok with that done I better get home so I can eat lunch with Tenchi.

 she smiled to herself lifting off the ground  and flying straight home. 

	 The house came into sight she teleported out of the sky and 
reappeared on the front porch.

 Then just as fast she teleported again into the house reappearing with 
her arms wrapped around Tenchi.

 " hi Tenchiiiii." purred into his ear.

 "Ryoko!" Tenchi managed to get out.

 " Yes Tenchi." she cooed snuggling closer to him 

"did you miss me."  she turned into him so that her lips where just 
inches for his ear.

 "LET Go!! Of lord Tenchi !" Ayeka glared at Ryoko.

 " Cant you see he is trying to eat his lunch  and how can he when you 
have him in a strangle hold." 

Ryoko turned her Gaze to Ayeka, her golden eyes narrowing at her.

 She  made a seductive smile and snuggled closer to him clutching at his 
chest with her hands.

  Ayeka was furious now how dare that monster hold him like that. 

	Z froze the second Ryoko appeared around Tenchi.

  He couldn't move his whole body refused to respond to anything.

 At last! At long long last she was right in front of him.

 He watched the exchange between the  girls.

 Suddenly his legs started  to work. 

He stood straight up so fast that everyone stopped watching what was 
going on with Ryoko and Ayeka even  they  had stopped and looked at him.

	 Ryoko noticed him for the first time when he  stood up she didn't  
let go of Tenchi.

 "Who is this?" she asked in her I don't really care  kind of voice.

  Z started walking around the table everyone's eyes on him.

 Ryoko phased off of Tenchi  standing  just behind him.

  " this is Z." Washu said. " and he has something he wants to say to 
you ." she stuffed her mouth full of steamed rice.

 Ryoko stepped back away  front Tenchi.

  A small red ball of energy formed in her hand, she  closed her  grip 
around the ball, it  shot out forming her  sword.

	 " I don't care what you have to say to me just don't come any 
closer." she said her voice threatening .

 Z did not stop he walked right up to her.

 She pointed her blade at him stopping him just at its end.

 " I said don't come any close."

 " lady Ryoko." Z said.  He paused  "Space Pirate."

 her face changed from one of  anger to slight shock.

 He smiled. " to some.........even a demon."

	 her  eyes narrowed again she reinforced her sword point at him.

 " but to others you are so much more. You are a warrior.. 
daughter....friend." he lowered himself down  to one knee.

 Her  face changed once again this time to totally surprise.

 " lady Ryoko I am truly honored to be in your presence.......I  have 
traveled the stars to come here.I am yours to  command."

	 "WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!" everyone shouted out.

 Except Yosho who just  sipped his tea " Hummmmm." was all he said.

  " wow!" said Mihoshi " you mean you are going to have a guardian  like 
Ayeka does.  That is so cool!!!"

  " hey who said anything about me having guardian!" Ryoko shouted back 
at  her.

 " look who ever you are!" she  glared down at  Z " I don't need a 
guardian."



Any comments send to animal20200@hotmail.com	                                                             
