
Night After The Carnival

Part 6






	Z changed out of his practice clothes and into something more 
suited to  doing chores.

 While in his mind all he could do was keeping asking himself the same 
thing over and over.

 What if she was right? 

 He finished dressing

 What if she was right?

	 His mind would not go past that to even consider the 
possibilities. 

He left his cabin and began walking up the path to the house.

 Still that one question plagued him. 

it was almost like he had to keep saying it over and over to make his 
mind think of what it could  mean.

 	he reached the front yard of the house.

It didn't take him long to find the rake  leaning against the side of 
the house. 

 The cherry blossom  flowers had fallen and there was a light pink  
blanket of petals over the yard.

 He hadn't started long when he heard a light little yawn.

	 He turned to see Mihoshi sitting up from the  porch.

 She must have been sleeping there when he came up.

 He was so deep in his thought he didn't even see her.

 "oh hi Z." she greeted him her voice still sounding a little sleepy. 

	" good after noon Miss Mihoshi." he bowed slightly to her.

 "so is that thing you was doing still hurting you?" she asked not 
really remembering to much about what it was before.

 Z stood there for a bit not really sure what she was asking.

 Then he remember down by the lake.

 "oh yes  I think I have come to some form of terms with it." Z told 
her.

	 "oh that is good." she brightened.

 " you know one time I had a problem with  this dress I was going to 
buy."

 she turned her full attention the him. 

" oh it was  awful, I mean would it look right and did I have enough 
money to buy it?

 Then I just kept a open mind about it.

	 And bought the dress anyway to try it and see if it was what I 
wanted.

 Cause if it wasn't then I could just take it back.

 And keep things the way they was before." she paused and gave him one 
of her innocent little smiles.

 " so what do you think?" she asked seeing his complete blank look.

	 At first all Z could do was look at her.

 He didn't see  her story having anything to do with  what he had just 
went thru.

 Then his mind began to associate what she had said with  what he had 
been thru, then  finally coming up with the fact.

 It had been really good advice

 "yes miss Mihoshi I will remember that. Thank you very much." he smiled 
at her. 

	 She blushed  slightly looking away from him and giggling. 

"you know it is a wonderful day out.

 Would you like to take a walk around the lake with me?

 I would love to hear some more of those stories." Z said reaching out 
for her hand.

	 Mihoshi blushed furiously. " oh my." 

 she looked up and him, her water blue eyes flashing with  excitement.

  "umm ...ok ... I would like that." she said taking his hand and 
standing.

 "first let me take care of this." he said as he reached his hand out 
over the yard.

	 He closed his eyes focusing his power over the yard.

 Mihoshi watched as all the  cherry blossom petals and leaves began to 
lift into the air.

  The petals began swirling  around 

 "oh my." Mihoshi  said watching the pink blossoms  settle into a pile 
next to the house.


 When the last petal settled on the pile Z released his power. 

"shall we?" he asked her. 

 He walked over closer to her and offered his arm.

 "ok." she said taking his  offer and sliding her arm around his and 
placing her other hand on his shoulder.

  They started down towards the lakes shore, Mihoshi already telling him 
about one of her many cases with Kiyone. 

 	Ryoko and Ayeka where both walking back down the shrine stairs 
heading back to the house.

 Neither girl sure what to say about what had just happened.

 "Ayeka?" Ryoko  finally asked breaking the silence.

 "what do you think Washu meant by there is more?" she was still 
thinking about that.

 " I am not sure Ryoko." Ayeka answered her mind  going to that  time as 
well.

	 " I am not sure I can take any more of Washu's surprises today."  
Ryoko stopped she didn't know why but she laughed.

 " you know what Ayeka that has to be the most corrected thing I have 
ever heard you say." she laughed again.

 Ayeka turned around  to face Ryoko, at first she was going to get mad.

 But then she too laughed.

	 " oh I tell you I was  so worried back there  that was  some 
display of power." 

 it wasn't long before both girls where walking back to the house  
talking  about how each of them  viewed the events of a few moments ago.

 They soon reached the bottom  of the stairs " well I guess we might as 
well go and see what else Washu has in store for us." Ayeka said to  
Ryoko.

  " ya  hell I cant be more shocked then I already have been now can I?" 
Ryoko answered with  a grin.

 " on this point I can agree with you Ryoko." Ayeka grinned back at her. 


	Washu , Kiyone and Sasami where sitting at the eating table having 
some hot tea and sweet cakes that  Sasami had made.

  Washu looked over at the door as  Ryoko and Ayeka came in.

  Ayeka stopped to take off her shoes, Ryoko just teleported over to the 
table and sat down at one open end. 
" so what is this other surprise you got for us?" Ryoko asked as Ayeka 
came over and sat down next to her younger sister.

	  " now, now  Little Ryoko." Washu spoke in her teasing mommy 
voice.

 " we must learn to be patient and wait for  everyone to get her."

  Ryoko glared at her " MOM!" 

 " oh  Tenchi and grandfather will be down shortly, they are  cleaning 
up after that practice." Ayeka remarked taking a cup of tea.

  	" then that just leaves Z and Mihoshi." Kiyone said.

  " hum I wonder where those two have gotten off to." Washu asked more 
to herself then to anyone  around the table.

 " Ryo-oki go down  by the lake and see if you can find Z I am sure  
Mihoshi is  asleep somewhere around here." Washu told the little cabbit.

 " meow meow meow." Ryo-oki hopped  across the floor and over to the 
glass doors.

	 She leaped forwards hitting her head on the glass.

  She bounced back to the floor 

 "merow!" she shook off the bump and tried again, this time phasing thru 
the glass and bounding off to the lake.

 No sooner than the cabbit had disappeared.

 Then the front door opened up.

 	Tenchi and  Yosho had stepped inside taking off there sandals at 
the door. 

 Coming in behind them was Nobiyuki, he to stopped and took off his  
loafers.

 He sat his brief case down  next to him.

 He sighed at not having to carry that thing any more today.

  Now he could put his work aside and enjoy the company of such  
charming and beautiful ladies. 

	 He took off  his  long coat and scarf, hanging them on the peg 
next to the door. 

 " hello everyone we are home." Tenchi said to the girls at the table 

"welcome back Lord Tenchi." Ayeka greeted him.

 " TENCHIIIIIII!!" Ryoko Teleported over to him, wrapping her arms 
around his chest and resting her head on his shoulder.

	 " how are you feeling Tenchi? Are you ok?" she  purred.

 She brought her hand around  to rest on his chest.

 She could feel his heart beating under her palm.

 She closed her eyes, nestling closer up to Tenchi.

	 " huh? What? Oh Ryoko." he stammered.

 " yes I am  alright now." he  said to her his calm voice returning.

 " I understand why  they had to do what  they did." Ryoko's eyes 
opened.

 She just noticed a pressure around her lower back. She moved her eyes 
down OHHHHH her mind  reacted.

	 It was Tenchi's hand on her waist.

  He is holding me!

 really holding me

. When I teleported over he instinctively  reached out to catch me.

	 But he is still holding me. 

Her  heart  started pounding as she squeezed him tighter.

  oh Tenchi her mind  softly spoke.

  Tenchi walked over to the table with Ryoko still floating beside him.

	 He hadn't bothered to  pull away from her embrace or take his 
hand from around her.

  Ryoko glanced  down when she felt him stop.

 It didn't take her long to find the  furious face of Ayeka  staring 
daggers at her. 

 She decided that she wasn't going to let the princess spoil this moment 
she had with  Tenchi.

	  She teleported away from him and took her place just down from 
Ayeka.

  Tenchi blinked once then realized Ryoko was gone.

 He put his  now outstretched arm down.

 And sat down in between the two girls.

	 Yosho  and Nobiyuki  also sat down at the table.

 Sasami had gotten up and served the two men some tea  and cakes. 

" why thank you Sasami this is wonderful." Nobiyuki said cheerfully 

" Yes this is very nice thank you ." Yosho added.

  " oh it was nothing really I just thought you guys would be hungry 
since you missed breakfast." she replied blushing. 

" Sasami you will be a wonderful bride someday." Nobiyuki teased the 
little princess.

 Her blush deepened as she  laughed. 

	Ryo-oki  hopped up onto a stump of a old fallen tree.

 She scanned down along the lake shore.

 Not far from Z's cabin she saw them.

 Z and Mihoshi where walking back up to the cabin

	 " Meow." she  hopped off the stump and  headed to the cabin.

  "meow , meow, meow, meow." she called out to them.

  " oh hi Ryo-oki  what are you doing all the way out here?" Mihoshi 
greeted the little cabbit.

  Ryo-oki stopped just in front of them.

	 " meow, meow." she said  flipping  one of her ears towards the 
house.

  " I believe miss Mihoshi that we are being called to the house."  Z 
said.

 he opened his mind to the little cabbit.

 At first  Ryo-oki could only look puzzled.

	 Soon she  picked up on Z's link.

  Hello Ryo-oki it is nice to finally get to meet you like this.  Z said 
over the  newly formed  connection.

 The little cabbit's face became one big smile "MEOW!"  she sang.

 She jumped from the ground to his shoulder Rubbing her head against his 
cheek.

	 Z rubbed her head  "shall we?" he asked  Mihoshi offering her his 
hand.

  She took his hand "ok." was all she could say before they phased out 
and phased back in on the front porch.

 " oh my Z that was something." she said catching her breath.

 Z slide open the door for her. " after you ."

  Mihoshi went inside, Ryo-oki scampering in behind her.

	 " Oh good you are here." Washu said to them as they came in

 " now come in here and sit down  I have something very important to 
tell you." 

 Ryoko  noticed that  Mihoshi and Z had came in together.

 She gave Mihoshi a suspicious look.

  " so where were you two." she asked them.

	 " oh  Ryoko you should have been there Z took me for a walk  
along the lake, oh it was so wonderful and we talked." she stopped for a 
second, her face began to blush a little

 " oh and we umm well we umm."

 " Mihoshi will you just come in here and sit down." Kiyone ordered her. 

 Mihoshi  caught  the angry look on her partners face

	 " oh ok." she said her voice quivering a little.

  She sat down next to Kiyone and took a sweet roll.

 Z took his place just to the right of  Ryoko.

 She snuggled closer to Tenchi as Z settled in.

	 she stared at him  long and hard.

 He would not look at her instead keeping his eyes down  at his lap.

  " ok now that everyone is here I will begin." Washu said taking  a 
spot in front of the group. 

She brought up her holo-computer.

   punching in a few commands a large screen appeared behind her.

	  " ok people listen up a few days ago Mihoshi and Kiyone  was 
attacked by a ship that was hovering out over earth."

 the screen showed a picture of the ship.

  " it was sent here to spy on some one  and I suspect it we us." 

 " how do you know it was us." Ayeka asked.

	  " I am glad you asked that Ayeka." the screen changed.

 showing some very fuzzy  over head view of the house.

 " I got this from  the ships data.

 It is only a small bit  but as you can see that is our house."

 she took out her pointer and pointed out the  fuzzy shape on the 
screen.

 " then shortly after that we are attack by assassins." the screen 
showed the gang that had attacked them 

 " these guys are not  to bad for what they do but they are not really 
that good either." 

 she stopped to look over at everyone " which is what puzzled me that 
most after I found out who sent them."

 " you know who sent them? How did you do that Washu?" Sasami asked her.

	 " well Sasami all hired killers have a contract  so they can get 
paid when the job is  done.

 The most common way is this.' she  brought up a picture of a very small 
chip.

 " this chip is so small that it will fit just  under  the skin.

 The data on these  things are encrypted. 

But I was able to encode it." 

	  " show us who it is Washu." Kiyone said.

  Washu looked over at Ayeka and then to Sasami and finally resting her 
look on Yosho.

  She hit one button.

 The screen flickered.

  Then a picture came up, it showed the group of assassins  in what 
looked like the hull of a ship.

	 " Why that looks like the inside of a jurian ship." Ayeka said 
her eyes  getting a little bigger.

  " some one from  jurai  wants to kill us." Sasami said her eyes 
starting to water.

  A door to  the room slide open and in walked the king of juri.

  Akira stood and walked over to the king.

	  " father." Ayeka breathed out her voices almost escaping her.

  She leaned forward, Tenchi  reached out and caught  her before she hit 
the table.

  The tears flowed down Sasami's face.

 " oh no Washu this is not true. Father would never want to hurt us."

she buried her face in her hands, crying.

	 Kiyone  reached over to comfort the  girl.

  Yosho sat unmoved his eyes focused on the screen.

  The king spoke " I will agree to your price in return you bring me 
proof that you have killed the boy Tenchi."

 " what if the others try to stop us." Akira asked him.

  	" kill them if you must." he replied.

  " ok then we have a understanding.." Akira opened a panel  on the side 
of the ship. 

A small slot opened up  revealing two chips. 

	" here are the recorded contracts." Akira pointed to them.

  The king looked over the shoulder of the assassin " hey is that a 
gardolion squeezer mouse?"

 the king pointed to a corner of the room.

 The whole gang looked over to the corner.

	 In a flash the king switched one of the  chips. 

" I am sorry I must have been mistaken, but if I where you I would run a 
scan of your ship just in case.

 They have been know to chew a hole in the hulls of ships." the king 
said taking his chip.

 Akira handed the king a small gun.

	 The king took it placing the chip on the guns end.

 He placed the  end of the gun against his forearm.

 He  pressed the trigger sending the chip just under his skin.

Akira took the gun back, inserting  the chip the king had switched into 
the back of his hand.

 	" now before you get all out of control on me.

 I ran a scan on the chip that the king had switched."

 Washu flashed a picture of the chip on the screen again. 

 this time there was a red flashing panel on the under side of the chip.

	 " your father sent a carrier message."  she flipped the screen 
and the face of king Azuha appeared.

 " Ayeka, Sasami please forgive me for what I have done.

 I have been ordered to send assassins after the boy Tenchi.

 The ones I have chosen  I know you will be able to handle with the help 
of your friends.

	 But I fear that  my failure will  bring a end  to my life.

 But I could not see my  only children  die.

 So I will give my life so that you may live to avenge me.

  There is a force out there that is very powerful and they mean to 
destroy you.

	 Tenchi my grandson. I am sorry for the way I behaved towards 
you."

 the kings face softened.

  " Tenchi protect my daughters I love them very much, I am counting on 
you ."

  Tenchi  looked at the screen " you have my word sir I will do my 
best." 

	 " Yosho, my son now that I am gone our people will need your  
leadership.

 Your mothers will need your strength.

 Please son do not turn your back on our people."

Yosho still was unmoved but a very small single tear ran down  his 
cheek.

	 " Ayeka, Sasami, my daughters you  have grown into beautiful 
young women. 

I see my strength in you.

 I love you both very much and I am so very proud of you."

  " oh father." Ayeka sobbed.

	  " one more thing before I go." Azuha said 

" Tenchi who ever or should I say whom ever you do choose to be your 
bride I will be honored to have you succeed me on the throne."

  with that the screen went blank.

 " so what do we do now?" Nobiyuki asked blankly. 

	Yosho wiped the tear away " we are going to juri if something has 
happened to father they are going to need us."

 " you are right of course." Washu added.

 " and it will be a safer place   to be until we find out who this  new 
threat is."

	 " Kiyone , Mihoshi I will speak with galaxy police  I wish to 
have you take us to juri." Yosho told them.

 " Yes Sir." they said.

  " NO!" Ayeka shouted. " I will not leave."

 she lowered her voice some " this  is our home, I love it here  and I 
will not just give it up without a fight." 

	 " You wont have to." Washu assured her a small grin forming on 
her lips.

 " I have already taken this into consideration and besides." she smiled 

 " I like it here to.

  I have taken a copy of the  three dimensional lay out of the graphic 
surroundings and recorded it so I could make a copy on juri." Washu 
gleamed at her brilliance. 

	 " I don't get it?" Mihoshi questioned.

 " no I didn't think you  would." Washu lowered a look at her.

  " anyway I already made a copy of the house.

 It just fit into the hold of the Yagami.

 Some how it feels like we have done this before somewhere." she 
scratched her chin.

	 " I don't think we have." Tenchi said.

 " oh ya and Tenchi  remind later to ask you about some one called 
Sakuya."

  " What?? Who is that?" he asked getting all the sudden very nervous.

  " I don't know......" she grinned at him 

"Yet."

  "Oh." he shuddered his hand going to the back of his head.

	 " so when do we leave?" Kiyone asked Yosho.

 "immediately." he answered.

 Kiyone  moved over closer to  Sasami who  was still crying.

 " you know the king  might still be ok." she stroked the young girls 
hair.

 " the king is a powerful man and wont be very easily beaten." Sasami 
looked up sniffling her tears

	 " do you think so." 

 " yes  I think so." Kiyone smiled at her.

 the little princess wiped her tears away 

 " I knew you where going to say that." Washu grinned at Yosho 

 " so I have the Yagami already to go  outside."  

	It didn't take long for everyone to pack up a few things they 
wanted to take.

 Z took down his cabin  and placed it back into its dimension box. 

 Ryoko had him carry all her stuff into the ship while she helped Tenchi 
with his things.

 But mostly seeming to be in the way. 

 Everyone  boarded the ship and it slowly lifted off the lake.

	 In the hold of the ship Tenchi's house stood.

 the front porch looking out a large window into space.

 Tenchi stood there watching his home get smaller.

 He was missing it already.

	Ha had grown to  really love how his life had turned out and how  
his family had grown.

 He thought about what the king had said.

  He remembered about the plan he had to figure out who he loved.

 But it seemed different now.

	 He wasn't bothered by the thought of it so much any more.

 And now he had one answer to his  trouble, to marry  more then one of 
them and to take his place on the throne.

 but I don't know it seemed to bring up more questions for him then 
answers.

  He sighed there will be more time for this  later he thought.

	 Yosho  was also looking out that window but he was looking  
elsewhere .

 Father I am coming he thought as his eyes took in the blackness of 
space.   
	
	In front of the royal palace stood rows upon rows of knights there 
where over  Eight hundred thousand battle hardened warriors wearing 
their best armor.

 Slowly coming up the main  road into the palace was a carriage.

 It was pulled by two deep black horses.

 	The carriage its self was made from  the wood of the kings tree.

 It was eloquently carved and polished.

 Inside lay the glass casket of the king.

  Following behind the carriage where the kings top members  of his 
royal court. 

	 The carriage made its way thru the rows of knights.

 It entered the inner palace courtyard.

 not far up in front of  it was a great tree.

 Standing on either side of the tree was queen Funaho and Queen Masaki.

	   Funaho was standing quietly, her hands held together in front 
of her.

  Her tears flowing freely down her face as she watched the carriage 
coming closer.

 Masaki wasn't nearly as controlled as her sister.

 She was openly sobbing, her hands over her mouth to try and muffle the 
sounds.

	  The horses reached the  outer edge of the tree.

 The trunk began to glow, shimmering with a light blue aura.

  Funaho reached out, gently brushing one of the horses as it went by.

 Her fingertips sparkled to its touch.

 " Farewell my love." she whispered. 

	 The carriage drifted into the trunk of the tree, The shimmering 
power flowing in behind it.

  Funaho went to her sister.

 Maski hugged her  tightly " we will make them pay for this." she sobbed 
angrily.

 Maski pulled away wiping the tears from her eyes.

	  She turned to the leaders of the royal court.

 " the Greeks have declared a act of war on us." she pulled out a roll 
of parchment from her dress.

 They have claimed we are to weak to rule this galaxy and to prove it 
they have killed our king."

  Funaho came up next to  her.

  " General gather our forces." she  looked hard at the old general.

	 " we will show these Greeks  the full power of  Jurai."

 "yes my Queen." he bowed to her.

 "General." Maski stopped him before  he turned.

 " take three of your strongest ships and bring our children home."

 " Yes my Queen." he bowed to her as well.  

	Tenchi opened the front door to the house.

 He heard the sound of the T.V. as he took  off his slippers.

 " hello?" he asked when no one had come to greet him.

 He walked into the living room to find everyone sitting around the T.V.

 " what is going on?"  he asked.

	  " it has been confirmed. That the king of Jurai has been 
Assassinated." the news man announced.

 Tenchi froze, his whole focus on the screen.

 He did not just say what I though he said. The king of Jurai dead?

 His mind wanted to shut down.

 	Grandpa, Ayeka, Sasami.

 He looked at each one of them.

 Yosho was knelling his head lowered.

  Ayeka was leaning up by the couch her hand clutching her chest.

 Sasami was hugging Mihoshi crying.

	 Mihoshi herself had tears rolling down her cheeks as well.

 " oh my I am sorry  Sasami." 

 " the Race know as the Geeks has claimed responsibility  for this 
horrific act." the news man finished.

  "who are the Greeks?" Z asked.

 " I have never heard of them." 

	" they are a very old race." Washu answered.

 " they believe in that old earth clich‚  survival of the fittest." 

 "Then why would they attack Jurai?" Kiyone asked.

 " they are the most powerful race in the universe and no one has more 
power then the  Royal family." 

	 " yes that is strange." Washu replied.

 " but if they are brave enough to do something like this and brag about 
it.

 Then they must have something new They think is stronger then the power 
of Jurai." 

	Kiyone's  Wrist  band went off, scaring the others.

 She looked down Reading the signals 

 " we are receiving a communication from headquarters." she told the 
others already getting up from her spot on the couch.

 " come on Mihoshi."

	  Mihoshi let go of Sasami, who had slowed her crying down 
somewhat.

 " I have to go." she told her " are you going to be ok?" 

 Sasami's  tears where still flowing down her cheeks, but she gave 
Mihoshi a small smile.

 " yes I will be alright." she  reassured her. 

	 Kiyone was at the front door.

 She looked back  Mihoshi had not moved.

 " Mihoshi Come On!" she shouted her voice becoming tense.

  " ok I am coming." Mihoshi called back jumping up from the couch.

	  " Wait for me!" she ran to catch up to her partner.

  She ran just past the eating table when her foot caught on the corner 
of  one of the small rugs sitting close to it.

 Her arms flailed as she crashed to the floor.

  Only  Tenchi, Sasami and Z looked concerned  for the poor blonde.

 The others just rolled there eyes and kept watching T. V. 

	 "Mihoshi you are hopeless." Kiyone told her turning and going out 
the front door.

  Mihoshi leaped back to her feet.

 Her face completely  red.

 "  I am ok see." she turned herself to prove her point.

 " yes I am fine umm no pain her." she looked franticly left then right

  seeing her escape from her embarrassment she bolted for the front door 
" Kiyone wait for me Please!" 

	On the bridge of the Yagami the two officers where at there 
stations.

 The rest of the group had come in shortly after having followed the 
two.

  " ok Mihoshi I have got the power up. Open a channel."  Kiyone said 
monitoring  her screen.

  " channel is open." Mihoshi replied.

	 A transparent screen  appeared over the windshield.

 " detective first class Kiyone reporting for duty sir." she said as the 
face of their commander came up.

  " ahh good you already have them with you." the commander brightened.

  " what do you mean sir?" Kiyone asked.

 " well I am sure you heard the news."

 " about the king, yes we have." she answered him.

	 " well the  high council wanted us to escort the Princess's  back 
home.

 They are sending three of there finest ships to come along as well."

  " why do they want us to come back to Jurai?" Ayeka stepped forward to 
address the commander 

" if  the killer is still there. Then we would be coming right to him."

	  the commander bowed to Ayeka 

" umm well princess the Greeks have declared war on Jurai and they think 
you would be safer at home." 

 " very well." she said lowering her head just a little.

 Ryoko smirked " well that was pointless."

	  Ayeka spun around on her. "what did you say." she glared.

 " well come on we where going to Jurai anyway you knew that. 

Or did your  little Princess mind forget already." Ryoko laughed.

 " I'll have you know, even thought it is really none of your business." 

	she stuck her chin up just a little. " but I was hoping that he 
might have more information from  our home."

 " I am sorry Princess." the commander cut in. " but Jurai has closed 
it's borders and cut off all communication." 

Ayeka forgot her anger.

 This is really serious. She thought.

	  My home is under attack again.

 So many  of our people will have to suffer through more death and 
destruction.

  Her heart ached for her home

 " I am sorry." she said her voice shaking as she ran from the room.

	 She ran down to the hold and collapsed on the front porch of the 
house.

 " why must it be this way." Her mind cried out.

	  " Ayeka?" came a soft voice.

  She turned to see who it was.

 Her violet eyes met a pair of warm brown eyes.

 " Tenchi?" she quickly turned away.

	  " I am sorry." she said her voice low and soft.

 " the first crown princess of Jurai. Crying like a little girl."  she 
straightened her back and lifted her head up but still not looking at 
him.

 " it is ok to cry Ayeka." he walked up closer to her.

  " a lot of things have been happening  in a short time, it must be 
very over whelming for you." he said looking out at the stars.

	  " I do know some of how you are feeling.

 When  I lost my mother, I remember the emptiness I had inside." 

she looked up at him.

 She could see a calmness come over him.

  " but I have lived thru it and have come to realize that she never 
really left me." he looked away from the  window again looking into her 
eyes.

	 " as long as I remember her she will  live inside of me."

  she turned completely to face him.

  Tenchi lost his breath as he stared into those brilliant violet eyes.

	 "hey you two! What is going on here!" Ryoko demanded.

 Tenchi turned to see her standing at the corner of the house.

 Her hands where on her hips.

 She was staring down at something.

	 Tenchi followed her angry look down.

 His eyes  shot open.

 He was holding Ayeka's hand. 

he instantly pulled away, turning from her, his hand shooting to the 
back of his head.

 	" umm nothing Ryoko........really." he stammered out.

 She narrowed her eyes at Ayeka 

" Ya well there better not be."

  	Ayeka was still in shock at having realized she was actually 
holding his hand.

 She smiled to herself .

 She neatly stood up.

 " now we are even Ryoko."  she grinned.

	  Ryoko gave her a blank look " you got a hug and now I got to 
hold his hand.

 I would say that makes us even."

  Tenchi could see where this was going and made a hasty retreat.

  " What!" who said anything about keeping a score." Ryoko shot back.

	 She was about to blast her when a better thought occurred to her.

 " well then if we are to keep score.

 Then I get points for that  midnight swim Tenchi and I had." she gave 
her a sly smile.

 " huh?" Ayeka was thrown off by this.

	 " oh and I should get extra points for sleeping with him a couple 
of nights ago." she lied but still loved the effect.

  Ayeka's whole face turned cherry red.

  " you did wwwwwwhat." she stuttered out.

 " ya you know Tenchi, myself naked under the covers, the heavy 
breathing, sweating and everything." Ryoko moved in for the kill.

	 She loved nothing more then to Tease  Ayeka about sex. 

Ryoko laughed as she phased out.

 " Ryoko!!" she shouted

 " you are a liar! Tenchi would never do anything like that with a 
monster like you." 

Ayeka stamped her foot and balled up her fist 

"OHH that Woman." she fumed. 

	Tenchi decided that it wasn't safe around the house for awhile.

 So he  went out of the Yagami's  hold to the engine room

. "They wouldn't think to look for me here." he thought

. Inside there was nothing really for him to do.

 But at least it was quiet, except for the light hum from the engines. 

	 He  went looking for a place he could just sit back and relax 

" oh." he said startled.

 He wasn't alone in here after all.

 Sitting  on some shipping crates was his father.

  Tenchi Stopped, Nobiyuki had not seen or heard him.

	 Or if he did Tenchi couldn't tell.

 His father made no move to greet him.

 He started to walk closer to his  father but stopped again when he 
heard him start to talk.

  " Achika we are going off into space.

 Tenchi and father have some things they have to take care of on another 
planet.

 You should see how our Tenchi has grown up, you would be so proud.

	 I am sorry about not being at your resting place tonight.

  But  I was told it would be to dangerous for us at home." he sat there 
for a moment.

 Tenchi couldn't move.

 He had never seen his father like this before.

	 he knew that his father had often went to where he mother was 
buried to put flowers.

 Tenchi had always just thought it was more out of respect for her 
memory, not that his father still held  such a deep  devotion to her.

  His heart began pounding in his chest 

 " I am not sure what is going to happen this time." Nobiyuki continued.

 	" the others are a lot more on edge then normal.

  I don't know  how I can help Tenchi my love.

 I don't have any kind of powers like the others." he raised his head up 
a little. 

" I wish you where here." 



	In the few days it took them to clear the outer rims of the sol 
system.

 Things where pretty much the same on the ship as they where back on 
earth.

 Tenchi , Z and Yosho still practiced.

 Ayeka and Ryoko still tried every way they could think of to get Tenchi 
to say that he loved  them.

	 Which mostly just ended in a fight of some kind between the two.

 Sasami stayed busy keeping the house in order and keeping everyone fed.

  She found she had more time then she had chores.

 Namely thanks to Z.

	 Ryoko was relentless in having him do any and everything that 
came to her. 

And one of them things was to put most of the household chores on him.

  Sasami marveled at how he would just quietly bow his head and got off 
and do what ever it was she wanted at that time. 

 So she just spent that extra time playing with Ryo-oki.

	 Kiyone and Mihoshi kept to their duties keeping watch over the 
bridge and general maintenance of the ship.

 Washu stayed in her lab.

 she was pouring over any information on the Greeks.

 So far she had found nothing that would merit any kind of increase in 
thier power.

	 They had not even had much trading among there closest allies.

 She tried searching thru even the black market, but still nothing.

 The only slightly curious thing was that she found out that they  had 
traveled to earth several thousand years ago. 

A small group of them settled on the planet.

 But all that meant was really nothing to her.

 Next was back history for her she settled in for a long night. 

	 The only thing that was really different was every ones mood.

 Even Ayeka's and Ryoko's fighting seemed only half hearted.

 Yosho was sitting on the porch of the house when Tenchi walked up.

he saw his grandson's troubled look.  "Tenchi what is on your mind?" 

	 " oh Grandpa! you startled me."  Tenchi jumped out of his 
thought.

  Tenchi came over to the porch.

  " something seems to be on your mind Tenchi, tell me about it." Yosho 
sat there his legs crossed under him.

 Tenchi saw the tea set next to his grandpa.

	  Yosho glance down.

 " come sit and have some tea." he said picking up a cup and the tea 
pot.

  Tenchi sat down taking the cup from him.

  " thank you ." he took a sip of the tea.

	  " grandpa the girls have been so sad lately.

 with all the bad things that have happened."

 " yes they have been a bit low in spirits." Yosho  sipped his tea.

  " well I was trying to think of something that might cheer them up."

	 Yosho sat there for a moment " you know Tenchi that is a good 
idea."

 Tenchi watched him stand up.

 " I have a idea, get Nobiyuki  and z and meet me in Washu's lab." he 
told  the wide eyed Tenchi and went into the house. 

	 There was a knock at Washu's lab door.

 " Go away! I am busy!" she shouted angrily at the door not looking up 
from her screen.

 She heard the door knocker rattle.

 She turned ready to yell at who ever dared bother her when she told 
them to leave.

	 But her anger was lost when she saw Yosho standing there holding 
a try of  hot tea and food.

 " Washu I need your help." he said stepping farther into the lab. 

 She blinked once then lowered her eyes seductively.

 " oh a man bearing gifts." she gave him a suggestive smile.

	 Yosho stopped short gulping hard.

 She tossed her hair back and laughed.

  Yosho's shoulder slumped, relived that he was not going to have to try 
and reject her advance's 

 " ok I'll help." she  said turning herself around  on her floating 
pillow.

 " I need a break from this anyway."  she waved her hand and the screen 
disappeared. 

	Tenchi found his dad reading some of his magna's in his private 
office.

 " dad!" he called in from the door.

 " grandpa wants to see you in Washu's lab right away."

 " ok." Nobiyuki answered.

	  Tenchi went into the kitchen.

 Sasami was inside getting ready to make dinner.

 "Sasami have you seen Z?" he asked her.

 " oh hi Tenchi." she looked over at him smiling from the sink.

 " yes he is around back doing Ryoko's laundry I think." she told him 

" ok thank you Sasami." Tenchi headed for the back door.

 " your welcome Tenchi and don't be late for dinner!" Sasami called 
after him.

 	 Z had just finished putting the last of Ryoko's  clothes in the 
washer. 

" oh Z grandpa wants us to meet him  in Washu's lab." Tenchi told him 
looking at the neat pile of folded cloth.

 " very well my lord." he bowed.

 " I am done here for a bit anyway." 

 	"ummm Z?"

 "yes what is it my lord."

  " you are really washing her cloths?" he looked again at the pile.

 Z stopped turning to Tenchi. " yes." he answered. 

"but.....I mean.....isn't that kind of .......well....below a Knight?"

	 Z seen Tenchi's uneasiness " it is ok." he smiled 

" she is just testing me." he saw the blank look on Tenchi's face

 " she wants to see just how  loyal I will be.

 She will stop I am sure when she feels comfortable in that fact."

 "well ok as long as you know what you are doing." Tenchi said still not 
really sure what he was talking about.

 But it seemed to not bother Z so he figured it shouldn't bother him  
either.  

	 The three men went into the door under the stairs.

 Two of them visibly shuddering the other barely holding in his 
excitement.

 Tenchi was the first to go in "hello?" he called out

 "Little Washu we are here."

 he went on in  the other two following close behind.

	 "Tenchi there you are come on in." Washu waved to him.

 He smiled nervously at her.

 " come in Yosho told me  what he wants to do. 

So hurry we don't have much time." 

	Sasami was almost finished with dinner when Tenchi came in 

"Oh Tenchi good you are here." she smiled at him.

 " will you help me set dinner out on the table?"

 " yes of course I will, but first I have something for you." he grinned 
at her.

	 She stopped what she was doing and looked at him surprised.

 "oh really." the surprise  was replaced with a beaming smile.

 "wow! What is it?"

 she ran over to him her blue pig tails bouncing behind her.

	  " well..um it is a invitation." he said holding out a light blue 
envelope the was addressed to her.

 "oh! A invitation to what?" she asked taking the invite from him.

  "it is on the card." he told her. 

She opened up the envelope and slid the small white card out.

	 It was hand written.

 :Sasami you are invited to attend a party this evening: 

" oh a party!" she beamed.

 " when is it? I'll make the snacks."

	 Tenchi let out a small laugh.

 " it is tonight after dinner and you don't have to make snacks dad is 
taking care of that already."

 "well then great I would love to come. I accept your invitation!" she 
hugged him.

 He hugged her back

 " ok then, I have to go now and give  out some others." he let go of 
her 

" which of these should I get?" he asked pointing to the many trays of 
food. 

	Z stepped into the cockpit of the ship.

 "miss Kiyone , miss Mihoshi?" the girls  turned from there stations.

 " Oh hi Z." Mihoshi greeted him 

 " hello Z." Kiyone added.

	  Z stepped into the bridge.

 "what is it? Is everything ok?" Kiyone asked.

 Z cleared his throat.

 " we would be honored of you would join us tonight for a small party." 
he bowed to them.

	 They both where stunned as he held out their invitations.

 Mihoshi was the first to recover.

 "YAAAA!" she cheered.

 "  I love parties."

  	" A party?" Kiyone asked.

 "isn't that kind of odd?" 

 "Aww come on Kiyone it will be fun." Mihoshi pleaded.

 "everyone has been so depressed lately." 

	 "that is why Tenchi thought this would be good idea." Z put in.

 " see Kiyone it was even Tenchi's idea."

 "well." Kiyone thought about it for a bit she looked over at Mihoshi's 
begging eyes.

 " a party does sound like fun and it sure would help the mood around 
here." 

 Mihoshi jumped straight up "YAAAAAAA!" 

	Tenchi found Ayeka in her room.

 "Miss Ayeka? May I come in?" he asked lightly knocking on her door.

 "Yes you can come in Lord Tenchi." he heard her say for inside.

 He opened the door. 

	Ayeka was sitting in front of her bedroom window looking out.

 Tenchi started to come the rest of the way in but stopped short when he 
saw her there.

 "she is truly beautiful." he thought.

 She looked over at him.

 Seeing the look on his face  told her he had been staring at her.

	 She could feel her cheeks getting warmer.

 "what is it you wish to see me about Lord Tenchi?"

 he snapped out of his stare.

 "oh I came to..... How come you are looking out that window?"

 he asked suddenly very curious why she would want to look out to only 
see the inside of the Yagami's hold. 

	She turned back to the window "habit I guess." she answered.

 "back home I would sit at this window and look out at the natural 
beauty the was all around us." she sighed.

 " I miss being home." she quickly corrected herself " I mean earth."

  "Ayeka it was home for all of us." he said warmly.

	  " I had forgotten how cold and empty space is." she said getting 
up for the window.

 " what was it you wanted to ask me?"

 " oh I almost forgot." he handed  her one of the small envelopes.

 " this is for you."

 she took it from him.

	 She saw her name written on it.

 " we are going to have a party and you are invited."

 "thank you Lord Tenchi." she bowed to him her heart began pounding 
fiercely.

 "he has invited me to a party." her mind sang. 

	"Sasami has dinner ready. I got one more to deliver and ill be 
down ok."

 she didn't respond, her thoughts where a million miles away dreaming of 
fancy balls with her husband Tenchi.

  He waited for a minute then just shrugged his shoulders and left. 

	Tenchi searched the ship but couldn't find Ryoko.

 After what seemed to him hours (really  only about fifteen minutes.) he 
finally found Ryo-oki.

 "have you seen Ryoko?" he asked the little cabbit.

 "meow." Ryo-oki looked up towards the roof of the house.

	 Tenchi smiled. "oh by the way this is for you ." he handed her 
one of the invitations.

 Ryo-oki cocked her head at the paper.

 She leaned closer sniffing it.

 " it is a invitation to the party we are having tonight." her ears 
perked up.

 "meow."

	 Tenchi watched as she transformed into her small humanoid form.

 she jumped on him hugging him around the neck.

 He laughed. " ok here you go."

 she took the invitation and went running in the house.

 He watched the cabbit leave then looked up to the roof.

	  It didn't take him long to get up there only to find Ryoko 
sleeping.

 He couldn't bring himself to wake her.

 She was so peaceful, so quiet.

 It was hard for him to believe that this was the same woman who once 
terrorized the whole galaxy.

	 He tried to slowly lean down to sit beside her.

 But his foot slipped a little causing him to fall next to her.

 She opened her eyes, seeing who it was that disturbed her "Tenchi you 
didn't have to wait for me to be asleep to try something."

 she rolled over to him, he could feel her body against his.

 It was suddenly very hot in here for him.

	 He felt Ryoko playfully rolling her finger on his chest.

 "R..R..R..yoko." he managed to squeak out.

 " this for you."

 she stopped what she was doing, seeing the little blue envelope in his 
hand.

	  She looked back down at him and smiled. Leaning closer.

 " oh you shouldn't have." she whispered lustily in his ear.

 Tenchi's heart skipped several beats, sweat ran down his forehead.

 " oh it is so damn hot in here." his mind screamed.

	 In a blink Ryoko was sitting up with the envelope in her hand. 

" Oh what is it." she said eagerly.

 Tenchi saw his chance and shuffled away from her.

  Ryoko read the little card.

 Her golden eyes brightened. " oh this sounds like fun."

	 she looked over at him " sure why not." 

she lowered her eyes at him. "now where were we?"

  Tenchi jumped at her  hungry look.

 He scooted closer to the edge of the roof trying desperately  to think 
of a way out of this.

	  Then it hit him. " Come on Ryoko, Sasami has dinner ready and 
you know how she hates for us to be late."

  she thought about it for a minute, her eyes studying him.

 " ok Tenchi." she sighed inside.

 " yes I am kind of hungry." she said anyway.

  Tenchi sighed, being glad that he had once again diverted her advances 
. 

	Inside the dinner was much different then it had been the last few 
days.

 For once the girls were  talking and laughing.

 Excited at the thought of having some fun for a change.

 Everyone ate quickly, and even pitched in to clean up afterwards.

	 "ok girls now if you will go outside.

 We have some preparing to do then we will come and get you ." Nobiyuki 
told them.

 As soon as they where out of the door.

 The four men began setting up the rooms for the party.

	 Yosho brought out the karaoke machine.

 Tenchi and Z moved some of the furniture and put up streamers and 
balloons. 

While Nobiyuki set out the snacks and drinks. 

	Once they where finished  they brought the girls in.

 "ok  ladies if you will follow me." Z said guiding them in.

 he lead them to where Tenchi was standing next to the couch.

 "if you will have a seat." he told them extending his hand towards the 
couch.

 " we have something we want to show you." 

 they all excitedly sat down.

 	Nobiyuki came in from the kitchen carrying a tray.

 On it was a bottle of sake surrounded by a ring of cups.

 " ok but before we show you." he said walking in and handing each of 
the girls a glass of the drink.

 " we thought you might like a drink."

	  " but I don't like sake." Sasami pouted.

 " for you my dear I have brought you punch." he smiled at her.

 " thank you." she brightened. 

 He sat down the tray for them.

	 The three went over and took there place in a small line just 
behind and to the right of Yosho. 

 They hadn't noticed the old man until now.

 Yosho was standing  on a makeshift stage holding a microphone.

 Ryoko's smile turned into a full blown laugh

	 "you are not going to sing are you old man." she choked out thru 
her  laughter.

 Ayeka to began to laugh, though no where near as loud as Ryoko was.

 She couldn't help it the sight of him singing some old love song was 
just to much for her to keep in.

	 his once calm face was  now twisted into embarrassment.

 In a blink it was again calm, he cleared his throat.

 " Washu if you would." he said hitting the button on the karaoke 
machine.

 "ok get ready now." she grinned.

	 Her holo-computer appeared in front of her, she hit a few 
buttons.

 Yosho's normally white priest robe turned into a pure white with black 
trim zuit suit complete with wide rimmed hat that hid his face.

  Tenchi, Z and Nobiyuki's outfits where replaced with yellow zuit suits 
trimmed in red.

 Each of them also got a instrument.

	 Z got a trumpet, Nobiyuki got a slide trombone, and Tenchi got a 
saxophone.

 The room filled with a upbeat jazz tune.

 The girls eyes where wide as saucers all except for Mihoshi who was to 
busy remembering where she had heard this song before.

 "oh I know this!" she said excitedly.

 " it was popular in America once." she looked over and saw the guys and 
started to giggle.

	   The boys in behind Yosho put the instruments to their lips.

 Their hips started to move in sink  with the back and forth movement of 
there horns.

 Yosho raised his hat slowly until they could see his eyes.

 He grinned at them then went into the zuit suit shuffle. 

	 The girls cheered and laughed.

 "who is that whispering in the trees." Yosho began to sing.

 " its two sailors and narrowly.

 Clasp and chains and swinging hands who's your daddy  yes I am. 

 Fat cat came to play now. Ya can't run fast enough.

 You best stay away now when pushes comes to shoves.

 Zuit suit riot."

 "RIOT!" the three dropped there horns and sang.

 "throw back a bottle of sake.

 Zuit suit riot."

 "RIOT!"

 "pull a comb through your coal black hair." 

	the girls couldn't sit still any longer. 

They jumped up and started dancing and cheering.

 They belted out the whole song for their new fans. 

 	Just as the music stopped the whole ship was rocked.

 The force of what ever it was tossed them everywhere in the living 
room.

 The music was replaced by the warning buzzers of the Yagami.

	 "what was that?" Sasami asked looking around frightened.

 " what ever it was is going to pay for messing up this party." Ryoko 
growled.

 " it has been to long since we have hand any fun and I am not going to 
let anything ruin that."

  she started to lift into the air when she was stopped my Ayeka's 
scream.

	 Everyone looked over at the princess.

 She had a look of terror over her face.

 Everyone followed her stare.

 Out the front window of the house was the ships outer window.

 In the blackness of spaces was a burning object spinning out of control 
away from them.

 " that is one of the Yagami's main engines." Kiyone whispered out the 
fear creeping over her face. 


	Well there you  go another part done.

 Well now never thought anyone would put Yosho in a karaoke band did ya.

 *cheesy grin* I got the idea when I was listening to  the song zuit 
suit riot by the cherry poppen daddies.

 I had my eyes closed when this picture of the Tenchi muyo group  
singing it began to form in my head.

 I thought it was great so I used it for a way to break some of the 
hardships they have been through.


 So let me know what ya think. Animal20200@hotmail.com
