The Night Of The Destruction- Chapter 2"Thought of death"


Tenchi:

This  morning, when  I woke  up it  was very  weird. First Ryokuo  is acting
strange and then she  walks into Washu’s lab. I tried ignoring it and did my
daily chores. When  I came back to the house I get  this weird vibe. I don’t
know why… Then Ryokuo appears out of nowhere.

"Can we talk?" She asks me.

"Umm yeah…sure," I replied.

The next thing you know I’m back in my room.

"You promise  you won’t tell anyone  what I’m about to  tell you," She asks.

"Umm...yeah, I promise," I replied.

"Washu just told me something," Ryokuo says quietly.

"She told you what?" I ask.

"That I…my dreams are about the future," She replies.

"What about the future," I ask hesitating.

"That lots of people will die…even you," She replies.

Then…I  was  stunned  to  hear that  I  was  going  to  die  and many  other
bystanders.

"How…why," I ask.

"I don’t know," She says sadly.

"So…I wanted  to give you this," She says before  surprising me with a kiss.

I stood there surprised and shocked…

"So…when will this occur," I ask Ryokuo.

"I don’t know," Ryokuo says.

Then all of a sudden Aeka comes in.

"What   do  you   think   your  doing     DEMON !"   Aeka  says   furiously.

Before Ryokuo  could say  anything Aeka took  out a huge  mallet and knocked
Ryokuo right out the window into the night.

"That’s what you get!" Aeka says triumphantly.

I’m still standing there stunned at what just happened.

"This  is   a  little  too  much   for  me,"  I  thought   and  walked  out.

I went downstairs and  made some tea. I was still thinking about what Ryokuo
had said  before being knocked out of the room by  Aeka. Then Washu came in.

"So…I guess  you heard," Washu asks me," It’s  actually a shame…that so many
people have to die."

"Do they…" I ask.

"Let me show you something," Washu says sadly.

She  leads  me  to   her  lab.  And  shows  me  something  on  the  monitor.

"This  is  actually  a  bomb  that  is  heading straight  to  earth,"  Washu
explains," It’s heading to earth at a very high speed."

"What does this mean…," I ask her.

"It  means  that everyone  on  earth  will die,"  She replies,"  And…there’s
nothing I can do here."

"What do you mean," I ask her.

"I mean  that I would have  to be closer to  it for me to  do anything about
it," She replies.

"So…what can we do," I ask.

"I don’t know," She says before crying," I don’t know…"

To be continued…
