The Night Of The Destruction- Chapter 1" The Warning"

                                         It was over.  Tenchi had won. I ran
to hug him, but before I had the chance a saber went right through him. As I
watched him  dying, I  saw a mysterious  being lurking in the  shadows… As I
screamed a saber was  heading right towards me. My eyes opened and I knew it
was all  a dream.  Sweating I went to  the bathroom. I splashed  water in my
face. I  started wondering what could  scare me, Ryokuo, the  most feared in
the universe  like that.  It was the third  one this week that  scared me. I
just thought I was losing it and went back to bed… The next morning I waited
for Tenchi  downstairs. When I saw  him I quickly ran  up to him and greeted
him a good morning.  Then I jumped around happily to know that he was alive.
When I went outside  I saw a spaceship crash into the lake. Of course it was
Mihoshi  again.  When I  went  back inside  I  saw Aeka  talking to  Tenchi.

"What do you think your doing!" I asked her furiously.

"This is none of your business DEMON!" She replied.

"None of my business!" I said madder than ever.

I  ran  over to  her  while  accidentally knocking  Mihoshi  into the  lake.

"Hey! Cut it out," Tenchi said.

"Fine!"  I said,"  I shouldn’t  be wasting  my time  with a  fake princess!"

"The only thing fake is your hair!" Aeka said before bursting into laughter.

"Can’t you two ever stop fighting!" Tenchi yelled.

I then punched Aeka into the lake.

"Punk!"I said while smiling.

"Breakfast is ready," Sasami  said just walking in," Hey where’s my sister?"

"She  went  for  a   swim,"  I  said  before  bursting  out  with  laughter.

You’ll pay for this Demon!" Aeka yelled.

Then  I saw  Mihoshi soaked  in water  heading to  Washu’s lab. After  I ate
breakfast. That  night I had another  dream… This time I  was running with a
bruise at my waist.  I got to the edge of the ship  I was in. I tried to fly
but the electric surges  stopped me. Next the floor began draining all of my
power. Then  he appeared  from the shadows,  The one from my  last dream. He
then threw me off of the edge and fired a blast at me. When it hit me I woke
up. I was wondering  what did these dreams mean. That morning I went over to
Washu’s lab. I thought that maybe she could help.

"   It’s  finished"   I   heard  Washu   yell,  My   best   invention  yet!"

"Excuse  me  Washu"  I  said, I  have  this  problem  so  I was  wondering…"

"No!"  She said,"  I won’t  do anything  for you  unless you  call me  MOM!"

I  became   furious  and  said,"   Okay  Mom  I  have   this  problem  and…"

"I  already know  what the problem  is," Washu  said," It looks  like Little
Ryokuo is having nightmares."

I tried to keep a straight face.

"Sure…I’ll help Little Ryokuo," Washu said.

The  next  thing  you   know  I’m  in  a  tube  hooked  up  to  machinery  .

"Is all of this necessary,"I ask Washu.

"Of course it is," she replies," I’m checking your brain patterns and seeing
your dreams through this screen.

Suddenly Washu is shocked by something.

"What is it," I ask.

"Your   dreams   aren’t    dreams,"   She   replies,"   They’re   warnings!"

"Warnings of what," I ask.

"Of the future," Washu replies," It’s warning you of things that will happen
in the future. Torment  and sacrifices that will be made. And that’s not the
worst part…"

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"If  your dreams  are true,  then something  evil is  coming to  earth," She
says,"   And   this   time…I  don’t   think   we’ll   survive  from   this…"

To be continued…