  I make no claim or money on the characters in here. I just like writing them.


Obsessions (A sequel to Ayeaka's Mistake)
by, Clayton Overstreet

  Kyonei and Mihoshi were handling yet another collision on the edge of the galaxy. Kyonei had long 
since started to enjoy such mundane tasks. They were a break from the supercriminals and it gave her
some time alone with Mihoshi, her new wife. Still, that didn't mean she actually enjoyed dealing with 
these people. In a backwater area like this, with millions of miles of space, why did people crash into 
eachother. Sometimes it felt like she was in one of Mihoshi's cartoons. Oh well, she could handle it. 
Then a transmission was recieved by the computer. Kyonei put it on hold while she and Mihoshi finished
with the accident report. 
  Mihoshi finished first and glanced at the report. Her eyes widdened and she grabbed Kyonei's shoulder
hard, "Kyonei, I think you need to see this." Kyonei looked at the transmission and dropped her report.
"Oh shit!" She turned to the computer console and yelled, "Yukanojo! Get us back to Earth NOW!" 
The ship turned around and turned the engines on full.

  Back at the Misaki house Ryoko was looking around for Tenchi. She hadn't seen him since he had 
gone out for carrots earlier. She stopped by the kitchin and smiled, "Hey Tsusami, have you seen Tenchi
around?" The blue haired goddess shook her head. Since Sasami and Tsunami had merged she had 
become known as Tsusami. She smiled back and shook her head at Ryoko, "Sorry, I haven't seen him
since breakfast." Tsusami looked at the humanoid Ryo-oki standing next to her, "Have you seen him
around?" Ryo-oki shook her head and meowed. Yosho had taken her on as a second wife at Tsusami's
request and she had been trying to learn how to cook. 
  Ryoko shrugged and left. She hadn't been alowed to stay in the kitchen very long since that time she'd 
tried to cook. Oh well, maybe Washu knew where he was. She flew over and knocked on the door to 
her mother's lab. From inside she heard some muffled curses and a desperate scramble for clothes. 
Finaly Washu opened the door, "Yes Ryoko, what did you want?" Ryoko waved at Nobiyuki then 
looked up at her mother. Since she had started using her adult form Ryoko was still amazed at how tall
she seemed. "I can't find Tenchi and I'm getting worried, could you scan the area and see if you can find
him anywhere?" Washu nodded, "Sure, just let me finish what I'm working on and we should have the
information in..." She looked back at Nobiyuki who held up two fingers. She smiled and said, "Two and
a half hours. Ok?" Ryoko shook her head and smiled, "Ok Mom. See ya later."
  She floated over to the couch and lay back thinking. It had been almost four months since she had 
married Tenchi. It had been the most wonderful day in her life, despite the... incident that pushed 
Tenchi's desision. She had been so happy when he said he loved her. But what Ayeaka had done to her
still haunted her dreams sometimes. 
  Suddenly she heard a loud crash from the lake. She smiled glad that she would atleast have someone to 
talk to until Washu found Tenchi. Being alone was not somethign she had ever enjoyed. Seven hundred
years she had been alone. And before that it had been worse. Now she had friends to talk to. She 
looked to the door when Kyonei and Mihoshi walked in, "So you crashed your ship again?" Kyonei
looked at her, "Forget the ship. Where's Tenchi?" Ryoko shook her head, "I don't know. I haven't seen
him for a while. Is something wrong?" Mohoshi nodded and dripped on the floor, "Yeah... Ayeaka's 
escaped." 

  Fifteen minutes later everyone was listening the Kyonei's careful explenation of what had happened. 
Ayeaka had been taken on an outing from the hospital where they were treating her mental illness. She
proceded to knock out her guards and escaped, apparently making her way to the Jurai armory. Even
without her Jurai power she was a formidable warrior. After highjacking a ship she loaded it full of the 
most dangerous weapons and blasted of. They lost track of her once she entered hyperspace, but she
had been headed in the direction of the Sol system. 
  Yosho shook his head, "This isn't good. Washu, have you found Tenchi yet?" Washu looked up from 
her computer. "No, he isn't in the area. I am detecting the output from a Jurai ship in the area of the 
carrot patch and evidence that a stasis generator was used." Ryoko had tears streaming from her eyes,
her lip shaking slightly. Ryo-oki hugged her. Ryoko looked up at Washu, "Do... do you think she'll hurt
him?" Washu shook her head, "I don't know Ayeaka. I would need to see the Juraian doctor's records
to even make a probablility scale. Kyonei, do you think you can get us into the hospital to find out what
she might be thinking?" Kyonei nodded, "Yeah, but our ship crashed." Ryo-oki meowed. Ryoko 
translated for her.
  "Ryo-oki says she'll take us. Now let's get going and find Tenchi!" They all ran outside. Ryo-oki 
jumped into the air herself and tranformed from a cute and furry woman into a huge spaceship. They 
teleported inside and flew off. Ryoko looked at the screen showing the warped colors of hyper space 
and said, "Please be alright Tenchi."

  Tenchi woke up and found himself strapped down to a metal table. At first he thought he was in 
Washu's lab. Then his vivion cleared and he saw what looked like the deck of a spaceship. He tried
to think how he had gotten here. The last thing he remembered was working in the field and a blue light.
He looked around and saw someone standing at the control panel. "Ayeaka?" She turned and smiled
at him, "Hello lord Tenchi." Tenchi looked at her in shock. She looked the same, except her hair had 
been giving a buzz cut. He knew that sometimes that wwas neccisary in hospitals, but it made her look 
weird, "What's going on? Why did you kidnap me?" Ayeaka laughed, "I didn't kidnap you, I rescued
you." Tenchi shook his head, "Rescued me? From what?" Ayeaka smiled and walked towards him.
  "From the monster ofcourse. The demon who has taken control of your mind and tried to confuse me
with mind tricks. She somehow got my own sister to take away my power and made it look like you 
had married her. But I knew better. I knew you would never love that monster."
  Tenchi looked at her agast, "You mean Ryoko? She hasn't done anything like that. You were the one
who screwed with her head. Remember?" Ayeaka looked at him adn smiled, :"Oh you poor dear. Her
mind control is even more powerful than I thought. That was all her fault." Tenchi sighed and lay his head
back. There was no use arguing with her. She was totaly bonkers. Maybe the others would find him 
soon.
  "Now all we have to do is find that mind control chip and remove it." Ayeaka said holding up a lazer
knife, "Now don't move Tenchi, this is going to hurt."

  Kyonei and Mihoshi lead the way to the couselor's office. They pushed a button and said, "Galaxy 
Police. Open up." The door opened and a plesant looking man came out. "How may I help you officers?
Have I done something wrong?" Kyonei shook her head, "No, this is in regards to the princess Ayeaka
who escaped from here recently. We need to look at her files and personal belongings."
  The counselor shook his head, "I'm sorry, but I can't give those out without permission from the royal
family. I told that to the other officers." Kyonei grinned.
  "In that case allow me to introduce some people. This is my wife Mihoshi, her grandaunt Ryoko, her
great grandmother Washu, and Washu's husband Nobiyuki. This is Washu's father in law Yosho, crown
prince of Jurai, her stepson Tenchi, also a crown prince. Tsusami the combined form of tyhe goddess
Tsunami and princess Sasami. And this is Ryo-oki who is Yosho's other wife and could blow this entre 
planet to dust. Now is that
enough permission?" 
  The counselor nodded numbly, amazed that he was in the company of so many royal people and a 
goddess. He stepped back and they entered his office. Washu downloaded Ayeaka's files (plus afew 
other files for later) and ran her probability program. Suddenly the screen flashed red. "Oh no." Ryoko
grabbed her shoulder, "What is it Mom?" Washu looked at her. "Tenchi is in serious trouble."

  On Ayeaka's stolen ship she was getting a bit frustrated. After Tenchi had first summoned the light hawk
wings, she had put him back in stasis. Unfortunately the wings remained and she was unable to get at 
the 'chip'. So now she was preparing the hologram chamber to show him the 'truth' of what happened.
It was what he doctors had been planning to do with her when she escaped, but she knew they were
just trying to confuse her with more lies. Well it was a good idea. And when she finaly freed Tenchi from
Ryoko's control, he would immediately fall for her. "You will he mine Tenchi!"

  The counselor stood in shock. He had followed the others to Ayeaka's room. He had felt they were 
making some progress with her. She had found herself a hobby of paper mach'e and art work. He had
no idea that she was doing this and said so.
  When they had gone to her room Washu had found a fake wall in Ayeaka's closet. Behind it was a 
wall with pictures all over it. Drawings of Tenchi and her at a wedding. Drawigns of Ryoko with swords
sticking through her. And newspaper articles about Tenchi pulled from the Juraian paper. Anything that 
mentioned Ryoko was crossed out and replaced with Ayeaka's name while the parts about Ayeaka 
were replaced with Ryoko's. Ryoko shook her head, "I think I am going to be sick." The others agreed
and they left.
  Washu looked at the couselor, "I think you might want to increase your secrity measures. If we bring 
Ayeaka back this will not happen again, understand?" He nodded and began removing the drawings
from the closet.

  Back on the ship Tenchi woke up again. He found himself back home in the field. He shook his head 
and said, "Hmm, must have passed out." He picked up his basket of carrots and began to walk home.
That had been a horrible dream, thinking Ayeaka was back like that. He felt sorry for her, being in that
hospital. But that was it. After what she had done to Ryoko he no longer even saw her as a friend.
  When he finaly got home it was nightfall. He had been out for some time. Washu was there when he 
got home. For some reason she was in her younger body, "Is something the matter Washu? Did you and
dad have a fight or something?" Washu shook her head and smiled, "No Tenchi, why would you think
that? But your wife is in your room waiting for you." Tenchi set the carrots down and smiled. 
  Since he had married her Ryoko had practicaly killed him every night. She had never had sex before
but had quickly come to like it. Tenchi walked upstairs and went into their room. The light was on in the
bathroom so he took off his clothes and sat on the bed. Finaly the light switched off and he heard her
clinb into bed with him. He put a hand on her cheek and kissed her. "Oh lord Tenchi. You are so 
forward." Tenchi jumped back and turned on the light. Ayeaka sat there naked. 
  "What are you doing here Ayeaka? Where is Ryoko?" Ayeaka smiled up at him blushing slightly from 
his kiss, "Why husband what do you mean? You knwo Ryoko has been dead for months. When we 
married and I became pregnant with your child she killed herself, remember?" Tenchi shook his head 
and fell back into a chair behind him. This wasn't right. First Washu and now this. He had to think.
  Suddenly Ayeaka screamed and pointed at his midsection, "Oh Tenchi, what the hell is that? Some
strange creature is hanging from your waist. And it looks like it's laid eggs!" Tenchi looked down in 
shock before he realized what she meant, "Ayeaka that's just my penis." Ayeaka looked at him in shock.
"You mean that's supposed to me there? Where's your hole?" He shook his head. Now he knew this
was wrong. "Ayeaka it's how Ryoko and I have sex. I also pee out of it. Now what is going on?"
  Ayeaka shook her head, "Sex? Whats that?" Tenchi's jaw dropped and he said, "Um... it's where 
babies come from Ayeaka." She looked at him and laughed, "Oh that is funny Tenchi. But my mother
told me where babies come from. You pray to Tsunami with your husband in solitude and Tsunami 
sends it to the mother's belly... Where are you going my Tenchi?" While she had been talking tenchi had
put his clothes back on and had gone towards the door, :"I'm going to find out what is going on. Maybe 
Tsusami will know." Ayeaka reached for him, "But Tenchi we haven't prayed together yet."
  Tenchi ran down the stairs and into the dining room. Everyone was sitting around the table, but 
something was wrong. Washu was still younge, Ryo-oki wasn't in human form, and Sasami was sitting
there next to Tsunami. "What is going on?" They all said, "Tenchi, go be with Ayeaka." Ayeaka had 
come down the stairs, "Husband, what's wrong?" Tenchi looked at her, "I'm not your husband Ayeaka. 
I married Ryoko. You were there. You attacked Sasami and Tsunami merged with her. Washu married
my dad and Tsusami and Ryo-oki are married to Yosho. And Washu hasn't used her child form since. 
Now what's going o..." He was cut off as Ayeaka put him back into stasis. "Such a pity, Ryoko's mind
control seems to still be in effect. Maybe I should try something else." 

  Washu had finaly locked onto to Tenchi's possition. He had used the light hawk wings and their energy 
signature came from the orbit around a planet near Sirus. Ryo-oki came out of hyperspace right along
side Ayeaka's ship. Unfortunately Ayeaka had outfitted the ship with Jurai's best defence grid. Even 
Ryo-oki would have trouble with this. "Ryoko don't worry, we'll get him back safely." Ryoko hugged
Washu. Everyone had been worried about him, and it took all their inner strength to keep going. He was
the basis for their family and they all loved him.
  Inside the ship Ayeaka's sensores were going wild. She ran to the control panel and called up 
Ryo-oki's image on the screen. Ayeaka had been prepared for this, knowing that 'that monster' would
not give Tenchi up easily. She hit the button on her console and a hologram of Kagato covered her body.
She hailed Ryoko and had the good fortune of hearing Ryoko's scream when she saw her. But it wasn't
too long before Ryoko got herself together, "You are sick Ayeaka. But I know Kagato is dead, even if
you look like him." Ayeaka laughed, her voice an exact copy of Kagato's, "Ryoko, do you know why
this is happeneing?" Ryoko turned from the screen. She may have known that Kagato was dead, but 
that didn't make it any easier. 
  Washu stepped infront of the screen, "Ayeaka enough. Turn Tenchi over and we'll get you the help you
need." Ayeaka laughed, "Help? All they did was tell me lies. Now Tenchi is with me, and we will be 
happy together." She turned off the screen and went over to Tenchi, releasing him again. By now Tenchi
had a pretty good idea of what was going on. Ayeaka turned to him and said, "Tenchi, Ryoko is out 
there and she's trying to take you away from me. Will you help me fight her?" 
  Tenchi forsed himseld to smile and nodded, "Ofcourse I'll help you Ayeaka... my wife." She smiled and
pressed the release for his straps. Suddenly Tenchi jumped up and pushed her against the wall.
Summoning the lighthawk sword Tenchi sliced into the forsefield controls. Ayeaka screamed and tried to
reach for a weapon, but Tenchi held her tight. Suddenly Ryoko was next to him having teleported inside.
 "Tenchi you're safe. And you got her." She hugged and kissed Tenchi, distracting him. Screaming 
Ayeaka ripped herself out of his grip and dived for a weapon. Tenchi through Ryoko and himself behind
the table he had been strapped to while Ayeaka shot at him. "Tenchi how could you? You said I was
your wife!" Ryoko looked at him and he shrugged, "I was trying to get her to let me go." She smiled and
kissed him. "No problem hun. I'll get her." 
  Ryoko stuck her arm into the floor. Suddenly the floor formed into a giant arm and held Ayeaka's arms
to her side and lifted her into the air. "Fine, if that's the way you want it Ryoko, them we'll all die!" 
Ayeaka kicked the self destruct button. The computer said, "You have five seconds before the ship is
destroyed. Four... three..." Ryoko dropped Ayeaka and grabbed Tenchi. She teleported them into 
Ryo-oki just before the ship was destroyed. 

  Back at the Masaki home everything was back to normal. Ryo-oki had afew bruises, but that was no
big deal. Ryoko smiled at Tenchi, "I'm so happy to have you back." Tenchi hugged and kissed her. "Me
too Ryoko." Ryoko smiled, "You know before you were kidnapped I was going to tell you something."
"What?" He asked. Ryoko smiled and said, "I'm pregnant." Tenchi hugged her close and let out a yell.
"Realy? That's great." 
  Kyonei came in, "Don't get too comphortable you two. I just recieved word that they couldn't find 
Ayeaka's body. She's still out there somewhere." Tenchi and Ryoko looked at her. Ryoko shook her
head and grinned, "You sure no how to ruin the mood Kyonei. But don't worry, whatever happens, I'm
sure we can handle it. After all, that's what families do right?" Tenchi nodded and held her close.

The End

Authors note
  Well now you know who the new supervillain is. I may write another one of these, I may not. But as is
it is a good story either way. I never leave it as 'to be continued'. But now Ryoko is pregnant, Ayeaka
is mad and out there, and they are all royalty. If you have any ideas on how it could go from here don't
hesitate to do so. Contact me at clayton_n@hotmail.com