Tenchi Muyo
The Outcast of Jurai:
Part One: The Attack from the Hidden
By JASON ALLEN (nishiro@hotmail.com)

Disclaimer:
 All characters featured in this fan fic are owned by
Pinoneer and AIC. I have no ownership rights.
Some words from the author:
This story may have a continuation of certain numbers
This story involves characters from three story lines.
Two are both from the movies. (TENCHI MUYO IN LOVE and
TENCHI MUYO: THE DAUTHER OF DARKNESS or Manatsu No Eve)
The other involves a character TENCHI UNIVERSE: THE
LAST BATTLE
This story takes place on the winter AFTER Manatsu No
Eve.) If you haven't seen those. *HIGHLY UNLIKELY*
here's a quick summary:

TENCHI THE MOVIE
TENCHI MUYO IN LOVE:
Tenchi and the gang must travel back into time to save
not only his mother Achika from being destroyed by Kain
(a powerful a-1 class criminal) but Tenchi himself and
the Masaki family from a time irregularity caused by
Kain! Tenchi battles Kain and defeats him. (This movie
takes place after "No Need for A Showdown/Conclusion.)

TENCHI THE MOVIE 2:
DAUGHTER OF DARKNESS / MANATSU NO EVE
One summer, A girl called Mayuka finds Tenchi and
claims to be his daughter! Tenchi is devastated just as
much as the rest of the group but they manage to cope
with it until they find out where she came from. The
only problem is that Mayuka was sent from a nightmare
world by a evil creature called Yesuzha, and Mayuka is
ordered to destroy Tenchi! After showdown, Mayuka
vanishes into a mysterious diamond and Yesuzha is
destroyed. Mayuka is then "reborn" and now lives with
the Tenchi Family.

This story will have a lot to do with the time
irregularity in TENCHI MUYO in love. Please keep in
mind that or the rising point of this Fan Fiction line
won't make ver much since.

Now that I have this all out of the way, please enjoy
part one of THE OUTCAST OF JURAI.

THE WINTER FOLLOWING MANATSU NO EVE
	It was a gorgeous typical morning for Tenchi; He
would wake up to find a dazzling sunrise and the usual
greetings from the girls downstairs. Do they ever
sleep? Tenchi thought to himself with a grin. It was
the same people he always saw. Ryoko, her usual self,
being rude to everyone in the house but Tenchi, but
this time, she cradled a young, dark blue hair infant,
Mayuka. Tenchi marveled at her young beauty and
precious face. Was it really her that sparked a bond
between her and Ryoko? Tenchi thought, questioning his
own thoughts. There was also Ayeka, who treated Tenchi
with the utmost respect in the morning. Sasami, whom,
(as always.) was preparing yet another delicious
breakfast. Mihoshi was still asleep upstairs. Kyione
was talking to Tenchi's father in the kitchen.
"Tenchi, do you really have to go to school today??"
Ayeka asked.
Tenchi took a sip of his drink at the table before
answering. He grinned.
"Yup. This is my last year, remember? I don't think
that have any more excused absents."
Ryoko gave a sly smile and leaned on Tenchi, "We could
make some you know." She said openly. 
"Ryoko! How disgusting! In front of infant!" Ayeka
covered the baby's ears.
Tenchi left the table and was soon getting his school
bags.
"Well, I'm off! See you all later!" Tenchi waved to the
group and left.
Ayeka looked out for Tenchi as he left.
"What a year it's been for him." She said.
"Yeah, it's been pretty turbulent." Ryoko admitted next
to Ayeka.
Ayeka grinned as she looked down at Mayuka.
"Winter's coming. Which means Christmas." She said to
the sleeping baby, "You finally get to see it."
As if to answer, Mayuka opened her eyes and gurgle at
Ayeka. Ayeka grinned.
				***
It was a hectic day at school for Tenchi; there was a
quiz that everyone studied for but him. (It's hard to
concentrate to study when you have 2 girls fighting
over you?) But all from that it was a regular day. It
was after the almost forever school day ended that
Tenchi finally went home. The sunset looked very
beautiful and splendid in it's many shades of oranges
and reds. It was good color compliments to the trees'
own oranges and red leaves, which were falling like
early snowflakes. Tenchi got on to the bus to his house
and rode the bumps the bus hit silently until he was
home.
Tenchi decided to visit the tombstones before heading
off on the trail that lead to the Masaki house. They
were there, quiet and undisturbed. He read it several
times, especially the one of his mother.
ACHIKA MASAKI
He then read the incantations of what would be old
ancient incantations of the dead.
I f she could see me now. A father at 20. Who would of
thought? Tenchi grinned at the thought. Well, almost a
father I should say. Tenchi mentally gave the
gravesites a farewell and he walked home.
	Tenchi took off his shoes and yelled of his
position.
"I'm home!" He yelled.
"Hi Tenchi." Sasami greeted.
"Mi-Ow!" Ryho-Oki also welcomed Tenchi.
"Hi Sasami, where are the others?" Tenchi asked looking
around, noticing that they were also not there to greet
him.
"The others went to the city with father to his work
and to explore the city from there." Sasami said,
sounding as if she wanted to go too.
"…And they forgot me?" Tenchi asked. It was unusual for
his father to leave him at home when the others went as
well.
"Well, Mayuka is taking a nap and grandfather is at the
shrine waiting for you. You have training in 10
minutes."
"Okay, thanks Sasami."
I get home from a hectic day with homework as well and
grand father expects me to just drop whatever and join
him for more training? Jeez. Tenchi thought to himself.
He knew the consequences if his grandfather just happen
to listen in from coming inside.
	Tenchi bore some training clothes and walked
outside to where hie grandfather's shrine was. This day
couldn't get any worse…

"Wow! This place is really big!" Mihoshi said. She did
live in the city with Kiyone but she had never been to
some of the other parts of town.
"This time let's not get lost okay, Mihoshi?" Ryoko
said as if she had said the same line before in the
past. Come to think of it, she did.
"I'm really glad you all could come with me to work."
Noboyuki said graciously.
"It's no problem, really." Ayeka said.
Ryoko sat down on the moderately crowded transit seat.
She stretched her arms over the seat. Despite the fact
that other passengers were cramped enough into the
seat.
"What are we going to your work for anyway, Noboyuki?"
Ryoko asked.
"Well, there some new designs that my secretary said
the mail delivered to my office. I'm just going to pick
them up and then we can get a bite to eat."
"I was really hoping you would say that, I'm starved."
Washu said with ease that they were now going to eat
somewhere. It makes you wonder just how much work that
Washu does on those science gadgets to work up on such
an appetite!
Kiyone, who was sitting next to Washu, rolled her eyes
just slightly and said a silent "You would be."
	As the transit screeched to halt, the group
stepped out into the open, but cold, air. Ayeka was the
first to step out and admire such tall buildings. Juari
had parts of it's planet like this, but this altogether
new to me, Ayeka thought craning her head up into the
clouds and the buildings that took the challenge of
being close up there with them.
"My work is just down that street." Noboyuki said,
pointing to the location that was indeed, his
workplace.
              * * *
"Your sword parry is improving greatly, Tenchi." Yosho
said, watching Tenchi sword practices proceed. Yosho
was proud, for that Tenchi awhile back he would
practice only with a wooden sword, now it was sword
Tenchi that his grandson used. The blue sword moved
with grace along with Tenchi's hand. It curved and
sliced in the air, making soft sound hums with every
movement. After a series of movements, Tenchi
deactivated the sword and gave a serious look at his
grandfather.
"Grandfather? How… How come you weren't upset about
Yeszuha's death? I couldn't understand how you could
just dismiss the fact that she was a part of your
memories." Tenchi questioned.
Yosho was quiet for a brief second then he answered his
grandson.
"Tenchi, I have battled many people of my past before.
Ryoko, Kagato, and Yeszuha. At one time, Tenchi, they
were part of the darkness. When someone falls for the
darkness, you must fight the darkness, whether or not
they are your friends. Even if they hold something
against you that may overpower you, you must fight.
That is why I always teach you. So that you will know
what to do if this situation ever happens to you."
Tenchi had never thought about it that way.
"I guess your right." Tenchi said quietly.
* WAMM! *
Tenchi felt the bump on his head welt into pain. Yosho
was holding his wooden sword.
"OF COURSE I'M RIGHT!" Yosho said, laughing.
Tenchi rubbed his head and his new bruise.
"I guess learning involves pain as well." He said,
glaring at his grandfather.
Yosho made a "all knowing" face like all teachers have
and said,
"That is correct. You are now closer to learning to be
a manly warrior." Yosho said, putting up a finger.
"Really?" Tenchi asked.
* WAMM! *
"Yep."
Tenchi felt yet another bruise. He then reminded
himself that he should always watch for grandfather's
teasing. Heaven forbid he be the ruler of the universe.
Ops. I spoke way too late.
	Lunch was perfect. Noboyuki was delighted to see
the girls happy that he had chosen the best place they
could eat. Mihoshi and Washu were also delighted that
they were finally eating. Ayeka and Ryoko were
surprisingly getting along for once. Ryoko then had
gotten an idea of seeing a movie.
"Sure. What do you want to see?" Noboyuki asked the
group.
"I'd really like to see THE X FILES movie." Kyione
piped up.
"Nah. Let's go see the GODZILLA movie." Ryoko
suggested.
"I heard TITANIC is a really good movie…" Ayeka joined
in.
"DEEP IMPACT sounds cool…" Washu said as well.
Boy, now I know how Tenchi feels. Noboyuki thought to
himself as the argument went on. Hope no explosions
break out. That would be a REAL disaster. He looked
around and noticed that consumers were looking over in
their direction. Okay, now this IS Tenchi's life…
heaven, please ditch me out of this one.
Ceiling and floor began to shake. It was small and
faint then, it erupted. , Violently. The argument died
within the rumbles. Questions and confuse raised over
the restaurant.
Noboyuki's eyes went wide.
WOAH! I D-D-D-D-I-I-I-I-I-N-N-N-N-N-T-T-T-T-T-T
M-M-E-E-A-N I-T-T-T! Even Noboyuki thoughts boggled. He
then corrected himself. Well No-t-t-t L-I-I-I-k-e-e-e
Th-I-I-I-I-sssss!!! 
Wahsu instantly reacted.
"Something's going on! We have to hurry!"
She ran outside to the street that was also rumbling.
She scanned the area. It was pure chaos. People were
running in all directions, pointing up and yelling,
screaming, and crying their dismay. Washu was still
looking up. What in the hell is…She then was hit by a
panicked man that was running away from the explosions.
Washu hit the ground. She instantly covered her head,
making sure that the running people behind the man
would not harm her. Washu nearly panicked, all those
people who had rushed over her… and she never even got
a scratch. 
"Washu! Are you okay?" Ryoko yelled to her as Washu
tried getting to her feet.
"I'm okay. If I were a normal human with out my cool, I
would have been injured." Washu said  as she stumbled
on the recovery of standing. She did look very rattled
by the event as Ryoko helped Washu up.
"What was that?" Kyione asked looking up.
"I don't know. It's not good." Washu said as she pulled
out her handheld computer. Several beeps went off as
she typed. Her eyes widened.
"Oh my god…"
Ayeka also sensed her fear. "Washu?"
"What… What ever did this, is powerful. Several other
Energy surges have it the Earth in several other
places." She looked down and read on "They keep
coming!.." 
"Washu! What are you talking about?!" Ryoko pleaded.
"NO TIME! DUCK!!" Washu yelled loudly.
"What the-" Ryoko yelled in shock just as she hit the
ground.
	There was a bright surge of energy. It blinded the
whole group's eyes as they hit the ground. There was a
surge of heat and rumbles as the building ahead of them
at a junction exploded from impact. The rumbles of just
the explosion lasted for 5 minutes. It took a few more
for the group, especially Maehashi, to get back on
their feet.
"Is every one okay?" Noboyuki asked.
The group acknowledged.
Washu didn't want to look at the building that was hit,
but she did. She frowned. My lord, there must have been
several thousands in there. Her anger welted inside of
her. She could also feel the anger in Ryoko from her
mental connection between Her and Ryoko. No one does
this to my favorite planet. No One.
Washu clenched a fist. She turned to the group.
"Someone intentionally did this. This can't possibly be
a astronomical event." Washu said, knowing that full
well she was telling the truth. Who could have done
this though? Someone that powerful could only fit the
description of Kagato or Kain… It was obvious it was
someone she had never heard of. But could it be
possible that…?
Ayeka's eyes were locked on the massive rubble that was
once a tall building. The fire of the building
reflected in her eyes. They then widened.
"Oh my god… Tenchi…" she swallowed hard, "And Sasami
and Yosho…" Ayeka's eyes started to flood with panic.
"We have to go to them! See if they are safe!!" Ayeka
pleaded to Washu. Washu turned back at the destruction.
"But we should look for survivors!"
"WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME!!! TENCHI AND THE OTHERS COULD
BE INJURED OR WORSE!" Ayeka paused from grasping
Washu's shirt collar after saying that last line.

Washu's face was of calm thought as she looked up at
Ayeka as if she was threatened to do it. 
"Okay. I'm going to beam you all to the house. As soon
as you find them, key in my intercom code and I'll beam
you all to my subspace lab. Kyione, please come with me
to find any survivors. There are innocent victims out
there, and it was all an attack that was probably
intended for us to die by. I think I might know who has
done such a brutal attack."
"Okay." Kyione said.
	As the rest of the group vanished, Washu pulled
out a computer and went from block to block scanning
destroyed buildings with Kyione on what was once a
heavily trafficked street to a desolate, quiet one.
"What kind of monster would do this?" Kyione asked
Washu, caring not if she knew or not.
	Washu was very quiet. She  didn't want to tell
her, but someone had to know. Know that they knew what
exactly they had to fight.
"I…I…I think I know." Washu said, terrified of
answering at all.
"Who?" Kyione asked with hesitation because of  Washu's
tension.
There was quiet, terrifying pause that lasted a minute
until Washu managed to collect herself to say the name
of the foe.
"Kagato." Washu spilled out. "Kagato did this."

TO BE CONTINUED…



And so that is the conclusion of my first TENCHI MUYO
FAN FIC. I hope you enjoyed it. What? I hear you asking
questions about this one. Well, the next one will be
out soon, for now, I AM NOT SPOILING IT FOR YOU IT'S
FUN WHEN THERE'S SUSPENCE!!! 
I encourage all of you Tenchi Muyo fans to go out there
and submit your Fan-Fics on the Internet. I love to see
other people's work and a lot of them are GREAT!!! 
Well, see you later! 
-JASON ALLEN 