Tenchi Muyo:
			    The Outcast Of Juari
        By Jason Allen 

Part Five: The Last Battle Never Ends

Disclaimer: I own NONE of the characters of TENCHI MUYO they
belong to some cool people at AIC and Pioneer and who ever
is in the ownership of the characters.) 
Enough of the legal stuff, and on with the cool stuff! (I
just love to say that, but I should never use it as a line
in real life if I did, well, can you spell ARRESTED?) ^_^ 

BEFORE YOU READ:
There is A LOT of transitions during this story; it was the
only way to keep the continuity of the story. I apologize if
there is any confusion.


What has gone before
Tenchi and the gang have been ruthlessly attacked by who
they now know was Kagato on Earth. While escaping from
Earth, Ayeka is injured by a blow to the head after a fall.
Kagato and Kain then confront her. She is told that the
group must head to Juari to fight Kagato and Kain for one
last time. A newly resurrected Kagato, now manages the
impossible, He is now in Tsunami's realm. In a last effort,
Tsunami sends a letter to the group that some one buried in
Tenchi's past. While on Jauri, Ayeka's Father, finds the
reason the group is on Juari, and, as they feared, Ayeka's
father takes action with his military power, now, all of
Jauri is held under the chance of chaos ruling supreme. That
night, someone very, very, very special in Tenchi's heart
arrives, someone that has belonged only his memories…

	Tenchi rubbed his eyes, not because of the glare of
light behind Achika, but the fact that his mother was
standing before him. As the glare softened, Tenchi looked up
into his mother's face; she was still young when it came to
her features. Achika's soft and gentle smiled fell upon
Tenchi, and his eyes filled with utter amazement. 
"Is Is Is it really you?" Tenchi asked, his voice quivering
in surprise.
"Yes, Tenchi." She said.
Achika then took focus on Tenchi's friends, two of them she
knew all too well.
"So, Hello again, my friends." She said,
At this, Ayeka bowed and Ryoko gave somewhat of a lazy,
lopsided boy-scout salute.
"It is an honor of meeting you again, Lady Achika." Ayeka
said with royal manner.
"The same." Ryoko said.
Tenchi grinned, Yeah, just like those two act so politely to
mom. Just like last time…
Tenchi broke his thoughts silently and then realized who
wasn't there.
"Boy, is dad going to be happy to see you!" Tenchi
exclaimed, grabbing his mothers arm like a happy toddler and
dragging her to Noboyuki's room.
"I'm sure he will be, Tenchi," She said, smiling all the way
to Tenchi's father's room.
 					* * *
After all the reacquaints were finished, (which was bit
long.) Tenchi and the group all sunk into to seriousness
when they realized that the whole reason Achika was here.
They all went into the meeting hall, quiet and in thought as
to how they were going to beat Kagato and Kain. It was going
to be the longest night they had ever experienced…
					* * *
	The Juraian Troops had departed. It was time for the
attack. Auzua had noticed that there was a strange ship
looming over Juari. It wasn't too long before they
discovered it was hostile. The ship, a powerful fleet class
ship from the likes that no Juraian had ever seen before,
fired several shots into the resident areas of Juari,
leaving over a thousand square miles of destruction, death,
and chaos in it's wake.
	It had been only half an hour until Auzua and his best
fleet of starships launched for the counter attack. I will
see to Kagato's death. He will die by my hand. Just as Auzua
made his mental promise, a officer reported the status.
"We are only 10 kilometers away from Kagato's ship. We await
orders."
"Attack. All fighters launch. Battle cruisers obtain
positions of attack. Range: Close as possible." 
	Several commands in audio filled the command station.
Many acknowledgements or reports of action. It wouldn't be
long until victory for the planet Jauri. How could they
loose? Azuza had managed to collect EVERY ship in the fleet
to accompany on the attack. There was no way they would
loose…
* * *
	Tsunami's eyes locked on her foe. She could not stand
doing nothing for very long. She hoped that Tenchi and the
others would prevail. Kagato played with the looks directed
at him.
"Am I troubling you Tsunami?" He said, knowing full well
what the answer was.
Tsunami remained silent.
"I believe now that you know that I have won. Your silence
proves it." Kagato said with confident fashion, "I have
taken it upon myself to allow Tenchi here. He will also die
before not only my eyes but yours as well."
With that Kagato vanished, but Tsunami wouldn't doubt he
would return. A Worried thought hit her as he left. If was
to die, Sasami would… Tsunami shook her head. No, she must
not think of such things.
* * *
	Tenchi focused hard on what he had to listen to. He
couldn't believe that Kagato was back, and he was sure no
one else accepted the fact. Washu decided to discuss to
Kiyone about what she had in mind. They were now in her
subspace lab, preparing to give the run through on whatever
they were planning. Tenchi's hopes went up just slightly
that they now at least, were going to here a plan, whether
it worked or not.
	That was when the darkness filled the meeting hall. An
odd cold wind filled the room and chilled everyone. Every
one grew frightened. He turned to his mother, who had also a
grim look on her face.
"It's Him." She said faintly.
"That is correct, Lady Achika." A voice all to familiar
answered.
Tenchi stood.
"Show yourself, Kagato." Tenchi said into the darkness. With
that, Kagato appeared before them, as well as a portal.
"Ah, good to see you my young friend, And I see Tsunami has
sent you someone to help." Kagato Put a hand to Achika's now
narrow chin, she didn't move, she stared angrily into the
old foe's inhuman eyes.
"Don't you touch my mom!" Tenchi yelled in anger.
"It's okay Tenchi, I will be okay." Achika said motioning to
Tenchi that she was okay.
Anger was the only thing that was seen in all of the group's
eyes, matching Tenchi's only in that way.
"I would kill you now, but I am with only one intention
right now,"
"And what would that be!" Ayeka yelled to Kagato.
He turned to look at her.
"Simple. I come to invite you to Tsunami's realm to take up
on your chance of killing me, however it is not that simple.
I have gained much power since before and Yosho's power will
not help. The lighthawk powers are just mere magic tricks in
this realm also. So come, all of you if you wish, I will be
waiting to destroy you all." Kagato laughed and vanished,
leaving only the portal and the group there.
After a dead moment of silence, Tenchi spoke.
"I don't care wait any of you choose, but I am going in
there." He said, with boldness, expected protests from the
others but bought only more silence.
Achika stood by Tenchi.
"I as well are going." Tenchi looked back at his mother. 
"But-"
"Tenchi, I sent here to help you. Whether I die or not is
not important right now, you should know that."
"I understand."
Turning to the group, now noticing that Washu and Kiyone now
were standing there, Tenchi addressed the group one last
time.
"I think Washu will need you all to stay and work out her
plan."
Washu Nodded, knowing what was about to happen.
A series of farewells, come back soons, and good lucks met
with Tenchi and he acknowledged every one of them, and with
that, Achika and Tenchi walked into the portal. The fate of
the Masaki bloodline was again on the line.
				* * *
	Auzua gathered all his strength after being his
flagship rattled in response to the bombardment of lasers
from Kagato's ship. He settled into his command chair and
took a straight face among the flames surrounding him. 
"Report…Anyone." He called out, knowing that there were
casualties.
"Sir, Our forces are defeated. 86% of our fleet has been
destroyed. Only a few ships in this sector have avoided the
fire without major casualties." A voice some where answered
weakly.
"Damn it." Auzua muttered, "We can't let this notorious mad
man win. Some how he's managed to force his powers into that
battle ship." Auzua paused and looked up to the ship in
utter shame.
"We have no choice but to surrender for now. Tell any ships
that are into critical damage and are paralyzed to hold
their position… and fight until they can't."
Many voices of surprised sounded, many gasps and moans, no
one dared to speak for the fallen.
Deep down, anger once again arose into Auzua; he clenched a
fist at the battle ship that was his foe.
"I'm not finished yet, Not yet." He whispered to himself.
				* * *
"Okay. I'm sure you are all ready to get this over with, so
I'll be quick with the run through." Washu addressed to the
eager group; "An attack is being placed against Kagato's
ship. The Juari fleet is suffering. Kyione and Mihoshi are
gathering the galaxy police forces to help. Now, Kyione and
I are going to take Yagami and help attack that battle ship.
We need someone to go into the past and stop Kagato from his
repeated up-rise."
"Ayeka and I will go." Ryoko said, while looking back at
Ayeka for her nod of approval that she was going.
Washu turned to Ryoko.
"Remember that your actions must be thought through. Any
wrong moves and you could alter history into even more
peril." 
"I understand." Ryoko said, "well, it looks like we better
go now."
Ryoko and Ayeka went with Washu to her sub-space lab. While
there, Ayeka thought of something.
"Ryoko," Ayeka said quietly,
"Yeah?" 
"We must be careful. Not only are we dealing with Kagato, we
might also have to face Kain."
"Yeah, I thought about that too." Ryoko agreed, "Kain is
also capable of traveling back into time too. Well, what
ever we have to deal with I'm sure we will be able to pull
through."
"I sure hope so Ryoko," Ayeka said before entering the lab,
"I sure hope so."
	Washu prepared the time machine and went to a consul
behind it. Ryoko and Ayeka stepped into the machine and
strap themselves into one of the seats.
"Wow. I never thought that I'd see this thing again." Ryoko
said, also remembering the dizzy ride that the machine flung
them and made them quite sick.
"Me either." Ayeka agreed, "But once again it's for the
better." She said, making her voice sound extremely serious.
Wow. She really sounds firm right now. Probably because she
never thought I would take this much of a situation into my
hands instead of running off. Ryoko thought.
Ayeka looked at Ryoko. In deed, Ryoko was closer to the
truth than ever. I'd never thought she would yet return to
something as serious and costly as this…Well, She's helping
all the same and that's exactly what we need. Maybe Ryoko is
serious for once…
"OKAY! LET'S KICK KAGATO BUTT WHILE HE'S STILL DOWN!" Ryoko
cheered.
Ayeka made a sour face.
Never mind.
The machine whirred to life and the seats and the machine
began its circular motion. Nausea hit Ryoko and Ayeka
instantly as sparks of lightening filled the room. They
could both hear Washu last words of "Good Luck" as they
zipped into the space/time void.
				* * *
	It wasn't too long before Tenchi was in Tsunami's
realm. He saw the tree Tsunami standed in front of, but
Tsunami wasn't there. Achika noticed too.
"Tsunami?" Tenchi called out.
"Tsunami is here." 
Kagato appeared, and so did Tsunami, in some sort of a quiet
trance, tied to the tree, weak, and powerless.
"What have you done to her?" Achika cried out to Kagato.
"Nothing more than drain her powers." Kagato said to them,
smiling and giving the hint that there was more harm
involved than what was said.
"Now I do believe it is time we resolved matters." Kagato
said.
"Yes," Tenchi said activating his lighthawk sword and
handing his mother sword Tenchi,
"It is time."
Kagato opened his hand a sprayed lightening bolts in Tenchi
and Achika's direction. Barely missing them. Tenchi swung
his sword into the air and jumped towards Kagato, Kagato, in
response, activated his sword, a black energy sword with
massive Jurai power and countered Tenchi's jump attack.
"It's useless boy." Kagato whispered to Tenchi during the
tangle, "Even if you defeat me here, you have to destroy my
servant, who wants your death just as much as I."
Tenchi threw off Kagato's sword.
"I've defeated both of you before, I will be sure to do it
again."
Tenchi swung his sword low, hoping to cut Kagato down from
the knees, but as quick as Kagato is, there was no prevail.
"Mom! I can handle Kagato, You take Tsunami out of here."
Achika leapt instantly into action.
"Okay."
Tenchi, hoping to keep Kagato off his mother's path, swung
his sword into a blow that if Kagato did not block, he could
surely kill him. 
Taking the chance, Kagato swung his sword in reply defense,
and left Achika to run towards the tree. In surprise, Kagato
raised his open hand and casted a spell to send Tenchi
soaring into the air and soon into the ground, after this
was done, HE quickly turned to Achika and Tsunami and casted
Juari's Needle, sending Tsunami and Achika into the air with
cuts and bloodshed.
"I'm afraid it's not that simple." He said, turning back to
block another attack by Tenchi.
Tenchi hit the ground on his bottom. Standing on one knee,
Tenchi blocked Kagato, and clenching his teeth, put all his
strength to block an even more powerful Kagato.
He's even harder than I thought. Even If I do loose… Mother
would be my only hope from now on.
"Mom! Are you okay?"
Achika slowly got up, wiping a cut on her face.
"…I'm ok. But Tsunami can't take anymore…"
"She might be already dead! Her power was all that was left
of her." Kagato interrupted, satisfied that he had done an
act only a mad man would commit.
"NO!" Tenchi yelled, sending him into a series of rage
slashes with his blade.
"Mom get out of here!" Tenchi yelled as Kagato returned his
slashes with his very own.
Achika quickly grabbed a crippled Tsunami and went through
the vortex.
"Well, Tenchi, it looks like after I defeat you that I will
have to kill your mother as well."
"If you get that far." Tenchi said, angry at the threat.
It was now up to Tenchi and Tenchi alone.
Yet another showdown must be fought…
				* * *
"Sir! I have good news; Professor Washu and the others have
gathered some ships that appear to galaxy police. They've
come to help!" An overly happy officer exclaimed.
Auzua looked up into the screens to see a massive number of
G.P fighters and cruisers.
A COM buzzed.
"This is Washu, is everything ok here?" 
"Not until now, Miss Washu."
"Well then, shall we start?" Washu asked.
"Yes," Auzua turned to the officer. "Officer, how long until
this ship is fully operational?" The officer turned to his
station.
"All and all we are operational to fight, sir."
"Good." Auzua turned back to the com. 
"Begin the attack. All vessels, attack!"
There was a fury of lasers and maneuvers, and the battle
condition for Auzua looked a whole lot brighter now that
they had the help.
After a few minutes that to most seemed like a long time,
The battle cruiser exploded. Erupting just like the
explosion, Many voices cheered at the marvelous explosion.
Washu and Kyione were still in bitter seriousness.
"Kagato was not on that ship." Washu said coldly. "It was
his shadow, I should've known."
Mihoshi lightened up.
"At least Juari is safe for now."
"Yes Mishoshi, we have done all we can do. It's all up to
Tenchi, Achika, Ayeka and Ryoko." Washu still had a look of
hope in her eyes. This was indeed a task that she wished she
could make vanish with a wave of her hand.
"Let's help with the wounded." Kyione said, reading over all
the damage on her Yagami's computers, "They really need the
help."
				* * * 
	They were in the throne room again.
The battle was already over and all that was left was a past
time where Ayeka hugged Tenchi and cried in his embrace.
The present Ayeka and Ryoko watched as this went on behind
the throne room door. Ryoko could see the warm look on Ayeka
as she remembered that time. Ayeka swore that she would have
to fight back a rude comment from Ryoko because she was
jealous this happened. But to her surprise, Ryoko said
nothing, peering into the crack in between the doors,
watching intently.
	As Tenchi and Ayeka headed to the door, Ryoko uttered a
hurried "Crap! Hide." And the two of them hid behind the
large pillars of the castle. They remained quiet until
Tenchi and Ayeka were gone, then the knights, Azaka and
Kamadke followed. Ryoko then leapt out and pulled both
guards behind a pillar.
"What are you doing, Ryoko?" Ayeka whispered in surprise.
"Ryoko! I thought that…" Azaka yelled.
"Shh…" Ryoko whispered to the two surprised knights, "I'll
explain everything. Just be quiet."
"Ryoko…" Ayeka protested.
"We need all the help we can get! If we use them, Kagato and
Kain will be outnumbered. Just try to understand." Ryoko
said.
"Okay but…"
"Listen Azaka and Kamadke, we are from the future. We've
come back here because time has changed so drastically in
the future that it changes the past enough that Kagato
returns after being killed by Lord Tenchi and we need your
help. Got that?" Ryoko asked.
"I do not understand but, yes, I will help." Azaka
exclaimed.
"I the same." Kamadke said.
"Also, you can not tell anyone that we were here. If you do
you could possibly alter time." Ayeka added to the situation
the guards were getting in to.
"Okay. We have to hurry." Ryoko said opening the door, she
grinned and said, "Let's not waste time." 
				* * *
"Will she be okay?" Achika asked Yosho.
Yosho examined Tsunami's condition he bowed his head and
replied.
"No…she's…" Sasami, who had one the boldest looks on her
face, soon interrupted Yosho.
"She will be okay. I have an idea."
Sasami handed Mayuka to Achika and motioned Yosho to stay
clear. She bent down to Tsunami and touched her forehead.
Sasami closed her eyes and recited a chant silently. A light
rushed between the two, blinding Yosho and Achika, soon, the
light disappeared, with Sasami gone as well.
"Where did she go?" Achika asked Yosho.
"I don't know." Yosho said, "But I think she just joined
with Tsunami's power collective."
As to answer to Yosho, Tsunami awoke, weakly, she spoke.
"You…saved me. Thank you."
"No. Sasami did, she joined with you. Will she be okay?"
Achika asked Tsunami while helping her up.
"Sasami helped me?"
Achika nodded.
"I believe Sasami will be okay. I'm sure of it." Tsunami
arose and broke away from Achika's help when she felt her
own power return.
"We must return to the battle. We must help Tenchi."
"Right." Achika said, and the two (again) vanished into
Kagato's vortex.
				* * *
	Ryoko, Ayeka and the Jurian Knights stepped out into
the throne room of the royal palace of Juari. It was quiet
and peaceful, but to Ayeka and Ryoko, it would not last.
"There he is." Ayeka said, pointing to the corpse of Kagato.
"We must wait until he arises." Ryoko said.
That's when a rumbling below the surface of the floor
started. It shook the group to the ground not only in
violent impulse, but shock as well. The ground broke free
and a black figure appeared from the ground, a figure known
all to well to Ayeka and Ryoko. The wraith creature faced
the four heroes, and laughed.
"You have come to stop me?" Kain sneered.
"Oh, yes, and we have also come to destroy your master as
well." Ryoko said, answering the creature with all her
bitterness.
"I wouldn't think it as that easy, Your quick deaths will
prove it!" 
And with that, Kain Launched at the four with his fast and
deadly comet attack. In response to the attack, Ayeka formed
her Jurai shield as did the knights, Ryoko went under
Ayeka's shield and changed into her attack suit, saber in
hand.
"Impressive. Try this!"
Ryoko flew into the air and fired several laser blasts
toward Kain, They met the target, and went right through
Kain, and hit the marble pillars behind him. Kain merely
laughed and waved his now massive arm into Ryoko, sending
her flying.
Azaka and Kamadke ran forward, knowing whom to attack. They
used their staffs and threw them in sync at Kain, once they
hit; the staffs glowed with power and burnt Kain. Kain
screeched in pain. He then winced and casted his lightening
powers on the group. They all hit the floor in pain. Ryoko
trembled as the power traveled through her body. She was on
the verge of passing out when…
Tenchi appeared, in surprise, looking from Kain to the
group.
"TENCHI!" Ryoko yelled, "Help…Us." Ryoko went into a faint,
and passed out.
"Ryoko? Ayeka?" Tenchi was very confused.
Of course, this is the Tenchi from the past…Ayeka thought,
also in pain, grasping out for him. But this could destroy
his future, couldn't it? It didn't matter now, She thought,
and yelled her plea of help.
"Tenchi help us! We need you! Hurry!"
Tenchi nodded. 
"I don't know who you are." He said to Kain, "But you are
hurting my friends." Tenchi pulled out the master key and
activated it.
Kain stopped his attack and looked into the eyes of Tenchi.
"So, it is you who hold the most powerful energy of Juari."
Kain said in amazement.
"That's right. But it doesn't matter."
"Oh?"
"You are harming my friends and can not allow that. So you
will pay." Tenchi said firmly.
Kain lunged out to Tenchi, but his sword caught the blow,
yanking it downward, Tenchi quickly swinged his sword at
Kain's face, Kain, surprised, took the hit and to show that
the hit made it's target, purple blood slowly oozed out of
Kain's inhuman face.
"No, you will not destroy me with the same blade twice."
Kain yelled in astonishment.
Tenchi held his ground.
    				* * *
	The battle did not look good for Tenchi. Kagato finally
forced Tenchi down to the ground with the light hawk sword
deactivated on the ground. He felt the pain of last hits
sink in now, and he snarled.
"I have finally won, boy." Kagato said, lowering closer to
Tenchi's face with is blade.
Tenchi was so close to the blade now that he could feel the
blade's intense heat, he looked straight into the eyes of
his killer then…
"You will never win. Not if you are the outcast of Juari,
You disgrace."
"What?"
Kagato turned just in time to see Tsunami wave her hand
towards Tenchi. A bright wave of light hit Tenchi, and as it
did, Tenchi felt his strength return. His pain vanished,
with Kagato now, (for a split second) turned towards
Tsunami, Tenchi reached out for his sword and activated in a
blur of motion, and with this happening as well as Kagato
off guard, Tenchi ran his sword through Kagato.
"NOOOOOOOOOO!" Kagato screamed in shock. A frenzy of energy
scorched Kagato from his wound onto his whole entire body.
He went to one bent knee and with his final breath and words
he said:
"It looks like you have won the future, my foe. But in the
past I still remain. You haven't won yet."
Kagato smiled weakly and fell to the ground. Tsunami, Sasami
and Achika all ran to Tenchi, telling him how proud they
were of him.
"Kagato is right, The battle's not over yet." Tenchi said,
believing what Kagato said.
"Ayeka and Ryoko are in the past trying to prevent Kagato
from rebirth." Achika said.
"Wait…" Tsunami interrupted, with her hands on her forehead,
"I'm seeing into the past. Kain is there, and so are you,
Tenchi. Your past form is in combat with Kain."
"I can't win there, That was when you weren't there." Tenchi
looked up to his mother. Achika nodded.
"Can you take me there? My present form?" Tenchi asked.
"It's risky. But it's the only thing we can do." Tsunami
said. She stood in front of Tenchi. Closing her eyes,
Tsunami put her hands in an embrace with Tenchi's face.
A flash of light filled Tenchi's eyes and then he could hear
Tsunami's voice.
Good luck, Tenchi I believe in you accomplishing this task.
Tenchi nodded to himself.
Yes Tsunami I too believe I can do it.
This was it, (finally), the true last battle…
				* * * 
	Tenchi (past form) was still in combat with Kain. He
was ready to end this, battered and bruised, he knew there
was no way he was going to walk away. He stood up from a
painful blow, and drew his sword up once again. He was to
die bravely. He saw Ayeka crying and Ryoko's face was
twisted in anger.
"No! Tenchi back away! Tenchi, please…" Ayeka pleaded as she
thought. Oh god if he looses now, Tenchi won't be alive when
we get back. I can't let that happen I don't want it to.
"TENCHI NOOOOOOO!"
Tenchi ran towards Kain with all his might, his look of
anger growing he yelled his last battle cry when…
He stopped.
Every thing stopped. 
The past completely halted except Ryoko and Ayeka. 
"What's happening?" Ryoko asked, managed to recover by
showing she could stand on her feet.
"I don't know."
Then a blur of light in the form of a figure appeared, Ayeka
took a quick look at the blur and it appeared to be…
"TENCHI!" Ayeka cried out.
"What?" Ryoko cried out but it was quiet as the past life
returned to moving.
Tenchi then began where the past halted and jumped straight
into the air. The blade went down on Kain. Slicing him, but
it did not kill him.
Tenchi jumped back.
"It's *me* girls." Tenchi grinned, as he fell back onto the
ground.
Ryoko smiled along with Ayeka.
Then the main focus was on Kain, whom now vanished from
sight. Leaving the body of Kagato and the girls as well as
the knights.
"Kain…He…how?" Ayeka asked, stuttering.
"It's easy," Tenchi said, "I destroyed Kagato in the
future-I mean, present, and since I did that, he has to
return back here to the past in order to live again. Since
the present form of Kagato is gone, he never revived Kain."
"Very good, young prince. I see you have finally figured it
out that I am immortal although you haven't quite seen it
yet." Kagato said, arising from death once more, "You see, I
can travel in time, a power given to me by Kain, who caused
the temporal misalignment. There for, I can return to this
time forever."
Tenchi went into a grim face.
"That's where you are wrong, Kagato." Tenchi said.
"Really. Care to explain?" Kagato asked, intrigued that to
him, Tenchi *was* in his opinion right when his judgement
was of only a young child.
"Yes. I will" a voice said,
"Huh? It's…!" 
Tsunami appeared, along with Achika.
"Here's your final resting place, Kagato. You have been
defeated." Tsunami said, clenching her fist and the result
of her powers being added to Tenchi's lighthawk sword.
Tenchi went into a silent surprise as the blade vibrated
like never before. 
"You have lost, Kagato." Tenchi said, and with that said,
Kagato and Tenchi ran at each other… each heading for the
future of life or death.
The blades crossed and the room filled with a bright light.
All shielded their eyes when they could not see Tenchi and
in the end…
Ayeka mouthed the words silently: Light Will Always Prevail
Tsunami thought of a past phrase she had used on Kagato…

"I believe you know full well who's going to win this time."
Kagato said into the open air.
Tsunami grew even more angered, she turned to face Kagato
and with the angriest voice in the world, she said:
"Kagato, I know your past. I know all of it. You were fooled
by the powers of darkness and when the royal brotherhood of
the Juari found out, they vanquished you. You destroyed
them, yes, but you forget one thing that marks you, just
like a permanent scar, something that might be your
downfall."

"And what would that be?" Kagato said, bitter now that she
dug deep into his past.

"You will always be the Outcast of Juari."

Kagato was gone. It was over.

The Outcast of Jurai was finally vanquished.

                                 What will happen In the
Future: (The Author's Epilogue)

What Tsunami did to the Lighthawk sword was put her powers
into it so that the blade would have a final effect. The
enemy would remain gone forever in the passages of time.
There is no escape for Kagato…
The past was now safe. Tenchi's past form was erased as well
as the guardians with what Washu gave Achika before she went
back into time with Tsunami. The same device that was used
on Achika and Noboyuki in TENCHI MUYO IN LOVE. So now the
time-stream could never again be altered. 	
Tenchi and the gang then helped restore the shattered
remains of Juari after the attack. Juari was not completely
destroyed, but it will take a long time for Juari's wounds
to heal.
	As for Earth, when the shadow of Kagato was destroyed,
So was the passage of time that was made by his shadow,
(whom was the one who attacked Earth, Kagato remained on
Juari/Tsunami's realm the whole time.) was also altered.
Making the chaotic attack on Earth a non-occurred event.

As for Achika…   
 (The Outcast of Juari's Epilogue)
 
	Tenchi could not believe she was leaving…again. He
didn't want it to happen. But even he, in his heart, knew it
was the right thing to do. He had to accept the past even
now when he was staring into his own mother's face. Noboyuki
stood next to Tenchi as well as Yosho. They were home now,
and it was night. The stars were shining brightly in the
dark skies. The portal to an unknown heaven opened, and it
was clear in Tenchi's mind that it was Tsunami who opened it
for her.
"Mother…Can't you at least stay for awhile there's so much
that I…"
"I know, Tenchi. I know, but it has to be this way, you know
that."
Even Achika deep down inside knew what had to be done.
"Yes…but…"
"Listen Tenchi, I left you when you needed me the most. I
had to. Now, look." She looked into Tenchi's arms at the
sleeping infant, Mayuka, "Don't do the same to her. As you
needed me, she will need you. You can't change the past,
Tenchi. Just the future."
Tenchi understood now.
"I understand, good bye, mother."
Tenchi hugged Achika. Then, in a tearful goodbye, Achika
went into the portal.
Later that night, Tenchi stepped out onto the porch, looking
at Mayuka in his arms. He smiled while she slept. And when
he knew she was okay, she looked up into the starry skies,
and as a shooting star passed, he said:
"Farewell mother. You will not be forgotten."
And as he went inside to go to bed, right before he opened
the door, Tenchi swore he heard his mother say, "Nor will
you."

THE END

Well, that's it. Thanks for reading my Fan Fiction. Hope you
enjoyed it! I did. (But not the typing part.) ^_^
SPECIAL THANKS TO:
Chris Engler- A pre-reader of this series, and a talented
writer and a good friend.
Jason Roberts- Also a devoted pre-reader and a good friend.
Gen Soa- for all the information and about the Tenchi
Universe and all his other good talents as well ^_^
And the next one goes out to YOU- the reader! For wasting
your time with this fan fiction series and hanging to at
least read the conclusion! ^_^


So long!
JASON ALLEN