	Tenchi Muyo:
	The Outcast of Juari
	Part Two: Faces of The Past
	By Jason Allen (nishiro@hotmail.com)
Discliamer: All charcters featured in this fan fic are
owned by Pionner and AIC

Here is part two of THE OUTCAST OF JUARI.
IF for any reason, you have not read Part One, here is
a summary:
*Story involves THE LAST BATTLE, TENCHI THE MOVIE 1 and
2* 
Tenchi and Yosho are training and Tenchi learns a
valuable lesson from his grandfather, while Ayeka,
Noboyuki, Mihoshi, Washu, Ryoko and Kyione take a trip
to The City outside of the Masaki house. But all hell
breaks loose there after a massive atack on Earth
leaves millions dead and locations in rubble. All but
Washu and Kyione go to make sure that the others at the
Masaki Household are okay. They will soon meet at Washu
sub-space lab, which, to this point, she might have
shocking news as to who is responsible for the Attack.

	The beam to the Masaki household was quick. Ayeka,
as soon as she dematerialized, ran as fast as she could
to the front door. The others in behind her. The house
is still here thanking the heavens. She ran into the
house, and she panicked as her head went in every
direction in frantic search.
"We'll check the shrine." Ayeka could hear Ryoko say to
her.
She continued the panicked search.
"Tenchi?"
"Sasami?"
"Yosho?"
	She ran upstairs quickly. Ayeka tripped and fell
on the final step of the stairs.
"Oh!" Ayeka managed ash hit the step.
"Ayeka?"
She looked up and thanked the heavens as Sasami stand
before her.
"Sasami… You're safe." She moaned.
That was when Sasami saw the gash on Ayeka's forehead.
"Ayeka! You're hurt!" Sasami yelled in shock as she
went over to help her fallen sister.
"Is… Tenchi and the others okay?" Ayeka asked her
sister faintly.
"They are fine. What's wrong Ayeka?" Sasami started to
dread something was going on, something bad.
"There… there was an attack on the city. We must go to
safety before it happens again."
"An Attack what are you talking about Ayeka? You are
scaring me." Sasami told her sister.
With that Ayeka fainted.
"Oh my god! Ayeka!" Sasami shook her sister. No
response. 
Just then, a blast came from the door as Tenchi looked
around. He, too, had an expression of complete shock.
"Tenchi!!"
Seeing Sasami and Ayeka, whose head was resting on her
lap, stained of blood, Tenchi leapt to the top of the
stairs.
"What happened to her? Will she be okay?" Tenchi's eyes
expanded.
Sasami wept.
"I don't know, Tenchi, she was desperately looking for
me and she tripped on one of the stair steps trying to
reach me."
Ryoko was by Tenchi's side. 
"Come on, we have to hurry. Be careful with Ayeka. I'm
calling Washu for a teleport to safety now."
					* * *
"Kagato? Are… Are you sure?" Kiyone's face was now
painted with fear.
Washu calmly turned her face to Kiyone's.
"Remember when we saved Tenchi and the Masaki family
from that time disfiguration caused by Kain?" Washu
made sure she understood before continuing.
"That must have resurrected some people who were long
dead. Kagato was lucky to in one of the damaged grids."
Damn it! Why hadn't I made sure that they were all to
normal? Washu thought to herself. 
Kiyone went down to her knees.
"Even if it is him, how are we going to stop him,
again?"
"I don't know. But knowing Kagato, if I'm correct,
he'll stop at nothing until Earth is destroyed. And
taking it he remembers his own death, Tenchi could be
in extreme danger as well."
Washu did make guesses, but 10-1 they were wrong. She
hoped that the 1 would be it this time.
	To interrupt things, two police cars came whizzing
down the street, avoiding all the raised parts of the
street also in mind. One of the cars stopped at Washu
and Kyione and an officer stepped out. He was tall and
distinguished.
"Do you know what happened here?!" he asked loudly.
I can't tell the authorities the truth. They would
freak out and arrest me. Washu thought to herself. That
and they probably don't know that the same thing
happened all around the world.
"OH IT WAS HORRIBLE!" Kyione interrupted Washu's plans
"A SERIES OF BOMBS WENT OFF HERE! THERE MUST HAVE BEEEN
5 OF THEM AT LEAST. OH MY GOD. PLEASE HELP THE PEOPLE
HERE Its JUST PLAIN CHOAS!" Kyione said
mellow-dramatically, fake tears included as long with
dirt smudges on her face.
Good girl, Kyione. Washu thought as she also played
along, You thought the same scheme I was going to pull.
As soon as they were done, Kyione lead the two officers
to a pile of rubble and started pleading that there
were people underneath. 
<Beep>
Washu hit I her intercom piece that was part of her
upper torso shirt.
"Washu here. Everyone okay?"
"Yes Washu, but you have to hurry Ayeka's… she's hurt."
Ryoko's voice sounded distressed.
"Okay," Washu looked behind her and saw that Kiyone
still had their backs to turned to her. "We're coming."
She hit another button located on her shirt, as she did
so, She and Kyione soon vanished behind the police's
backs, never suspecting a thing.
				* * *
	The silhouette, which as the foe watched as the
screens, scanned the cities he had attacked with his
powerful weapon of (for now) his unknown ship. He
smiled with the results. 
"They are not dead." The man said, not addressing it,
but there was an inhuman creature there.
"Are you sure, master?" the inhuman said, only eyes
appeared in the darkness, white as a ghost, and it
always moved.
The man reached the look of those eyes.
"Come now, friend, we both have a same goal. You want
and end to the Jurai just as much as I do. But we must
start, with its so-called emperor, who lives here. I
don't know about you, but I will not stop until I see
his dead body."
The inhuman form did not reply for a brief minute, then
he acknowledged.
"Yessss." It said.
"I do as well. That's why you will help me, after I
kill him, completely crush the planet Juari."
			           * * *
Oh man, who would do this to us? Tenchi asked himself
as he watched Ayeka lay motionless on the rehab room's
bed. Again, it's probably not your problem and you
shouldn't be involved, should you? Tenchi then bowed
his head in shame. No, Ayeka, it is not your dilemma.
I'm sorry for pulling you through this. I'm sorry for
anyone of you getting involved. 
"Tenchi?"
Tenchi left his thoughts of sorrow, as the voice
required his attention.
"Washu. Could you tell me what's going on?"
"There was an attack…"
"I know that." Tenchi interrupted firmly, "I want to
know who would do this to us."
Washu regretted to tell Tenchi. 
"I am not too sure of that myself and I hope I'm wrong
at my guess, but considering the power involved, I am
guessing…" Washu paused as she looked at Tenchi, who
had a huge face of the utmost attention. She decided to
delay. "…Do you remember when we saved your mother and
the time/space continuum was altered?"
Tenchi nodded.
"Well, several things were altered as well. Several
people who have been gone awhile have reappeared. And
one of the 'reappeared' was Kagato." She didn't want
all to make this kind of guess, but it was very close
(in her conscious,) to the truth.
"Ka…Kagato?" Tenchi asked, making sure, and hoping, she
said the wrong name.
"Yes Tenchi, Kagato."
"This can't be." Tenchi said, sounding like he was
already talking to himself.
"I'm sorry Tenchi." Washu apologized.
There was a moment of silence. Then Tenchi turned to
Ayeka's resting-place.
"Will she be okay?" Tenchi asked Washu as she was about
to leave.
Washu sighed. "Even the scanners can't tell if she'll
be alright. There was lots of brain trauma involved. I
can't tell if she'll be in coma forever, if she'll
recover or…" Washu stopped herself. He doesn't need to
hear that right now. She thought, and she left Tenchi
there, who didn't move from his position against the
observation window. Washu left without a sound.
It's strange. It's happening all over again. I remember
Washu trying to coach me into battling Kagato. Then, I
thought I couldn't do it. Now, I can. But this time it
won't be for just grandfather, it will be for all of
us. They have given so much to help me. 
Tenchi put his palm to the window.
Ayeka, farewell for now. I know you'll pull through. I
know it.
					* * *
Ayeka could feel coldness around. She looked to see
where she was but it was all cold and pitch black. She
was frightened now. Frightened because no one was
there. She could feel the cold chill of the winds
around her. Her fear swallowing her emotions. 
"Tenchi?" She cried into the unknown.
No response.
"Tenchi, I'm scared. Help me!" She cried, hoping that
someone in the darkness would help her.
Then, the voice answered her. A voice Ayeka only knew
too well. A voice Ayeka thought she would never hear
again.
"Your Juraian prince can't help you here." The voice
said.
Ayeka's voice and throat went dry. 
"Kagato!"
Kagato's form appeared in front of Ayeka, swimming out
of the dark. His younger features still intact.
"Remember me?"
Ayeka went into surprised anger.
"You're responsible for that viscous attack. And it was
intended for Tenchi, wasn't it?"
Kagato's slim, yellow eyes narrowed on Ayeka.
"Well, I do believe you are correct. Tenchi is lucky
though, He survived. A shame all the same. But
never-the-less, I will win in the end."
Ayeka just stood there. She glared boldly into Kagato's
eyes and they locked.
"Light will always prevail." She said calmly.
"Ha! Not this time princess. I have a new friend you
could say, and after my death I've heard he's come
close to destroying the Juari, so I have given him a
second chance." 
Kagato waved a hand to beckon his new subject. Silvery
white eyes appeared behind him, and a mouth of sharp
teeth also appeared.
"So YOU are the crown princess of Jurai. You will be
that no longer!" the mouth of the creature said.
Ayeka froze in shock.
"None of you could be alive. None!"
Kagato smiled and laughter filled the hollowness of
darkness. 
"Tell the prince that I'm waiting for him on Juari. We
will all witness his death!"
"Noooooooooo!!!"
			***
"-nooooooooooo!!!" 
Ayeka awoke screaming. Her head hurt badly and when she
tried to sit up on the bed, she failed as her limbs
notified her that she was in pain.
The thoughts in her head were of the dream. Were they
true? Should she tell Tenchi where they would be? She
never knew, but her heart dreaded that it was all very
true.
Tenchi barged through the door of the rehab room. 
"Ayeka! Are you okay?" He said setting himself on the
bed with her.
	Tenchi looked straight into the eyes of Ayeka, and
soon realized that She was completely scared. They were
about to spread tears.
"Tenchi, I… I… I don't want to tell you this but, I
must," Ayeka said while sitting up, this time telling
herself to defy the pain.
"I know who caused the attack."
Tenchi made a grim look.
They both knew the answer now. There was no way to deny
it.

TO BE CONTINUED

Well, that should be answering your questions about part
one, and raised new ones for later :-) Hope you are enjoying
THE OUTSCAST OF JURAI. It will end soon!