	  Tenchi Muyo:
			   THE OUTCAST OF JURAI
Part Four: Return of a Memory
By Jason Allen
What has gone before…
	The Tenchi Muyo group has been attacked by whom Washu
believes to be Kagato. In the frantic arrival to see if
Tenchi and the others that were at home were safe from the
attack, Ayeka trips on one of the stair steps of the house
and suffers from a small, brain-damaging coma. In her mind,
Kagato has contacted her and announces a 'partnership'
between a strange Wraith creature and warns her that they
are waiting on Jurai. As if to deem Ayeka as a messenger,
she awakens, against her wanting, Ayeka is now forced to
tell the message…After delivering the mental connection.
Tenchi and the gang decide to stay together and fight until
the end. With this, Tsunami writes a letter telling him that
someone buried deep in his past will arrive soon, but little
to anyone's notice, Tsunami is kept in a check-mate; for
Kagato has found a way into her realm, where her energy to
ward of f Kagato is slowly dissipating…

	I wish I had come back here during a better time than
this, Tenchi thought, watching from a window as the planet
Juari's landscapes appeared. Such a beautiful planet.
Everyone was nervous that day because of what was to come.
Yet Tenchi was uncertain. Uncertain because of the letter
that Tsunami wrote to him. Who would arrive? was the
question that was mostly in Tenchi thoughts.
	Ayeka was stepping behind him, he could tell from the
reflection. She was now wearing a bandage over forehead, and
just below that, her eyes held ,what would be for a long
time, the look of pain. Washu had told Him that she would
need to stay out of battle, but she rejected the order
constantly. She had told Tenchi that she would fight
bravely, for it was Juari custom. But deep down they knew
that full well it was an act of love. Ryoko was the same,
but she had a look she would always have, a look of
seriousness, and Tenchi would never tell if it was out of
love for Tenchi, or a love for a personal war.
	Tenchi, although he would never win, argued so much
that Ayeka was in no condition to fight and Ryoko might
become under Kagato's control again. Ayeka said she would
fight living or dying, and Ryoko made Tenchi the promise to
kill her if she did. How could fight over that? They were
dead serious this time. During the trip there was no
bickering or fighting, but battle tactics and training
between the two enemies/friends. Tenchi made a thought in
his head to win this battle or all this train would useless.
 	They had landed now and a royal court was there to
greet them. Ahead were Ayeka's parents, Auzua and  Funaho.
They were surprised and happy to see Ayeka again. They were
also completely shocked to see such a large bandage on her
head. Ayeka insisted that she was well and assured them that
Washu had given efficient medicine. As soon as ever, The
group each had a room to sleep in later on that night. It
was at dinner that things got serious. It was as if there
was no thought of danger that day…Ayeka and Sasami caught up
with their parents and Yosho talked about matters with
Auzua. Tenchi, of all people during the day, was alone and
he kind of liked it… being that at home he was usually never
alone. (What with two women fighting over you constantly!)
And he got the precious thought time he needed, until Sasami
chanted that dinner was ready.
	Ayeka was silent. So were Ryoko and Sasami. They
quietly ate their meals and watched each other and jumped at
every question Auzua and Funaho asked. It was not very long
before they hit home with:
"So, what exactly brings you here to Juari?" Auzua asked.
Everyone fell silent. Someone had to speak. It would be
Tenchi in the end, but why was it so hard to ask? Was it
Auzua and Funaho getting upset and throwing them all out?
No, Was it that they had wasted time relaxing and not
mentioning it at all to them? No. What the problem was: was
that Being of high Royalty, all you need is an outrage or
threat, and the entire Juraian fleet is called in. Because
Tenchi nor the group knew where Kagato was hiding, the fleet
would try and attack and Kagato would launch an all out
attack on the rest of the galaxy, killing millions innocent
lives.

"Well, Earth was attacked by a powerful enemy. Millions are
dead or injured all around the world right now." Tenchi
said.

"Oh my…" Funaho gasped.
Tenchi paused. Yes, it is an indeed Armageddon.

"Go on." Auzua said. Auzua was a cold man. Tenchi never knew
why, but it was like Auzua wouldn't really care if all that
remained on this planet was the palace.
 
Tenchi swallowed.
"It involves Juari because the person to commit this attack
was Kagato, and he hiding in Jurai."

Auzua was outraged.
"You must be bluffing. Kagato is dead. You killed him with
your own blade!"

"Yes, but somehow, when we went back to save my mother from
Kain, it launched a unseen chain reaction that damaged time.
He was resurrected."

"Then we must summon our fleets, and attack!" Auzua said.
"NO!" Ayeka yelled, standing to her feet. "Don't you see? We
can't attack unless we know where he is otherwise, he can
attack somewhere else in response!"
Auzua went to stand.
"You dare correct me?" Auzua said, angrily.
"Father-  I…"
"You and fellow 'warriors' just waltz in here, not telling
us why you are here, yet we don't mind, and now you object
my authority!" Auzua was screaming now.
"I am going to carry out my order, This instant!"

"Father!" Ayeka was crying now.
"Auzua! You will stop this instant!" Funaho also stood,
glaring at Auzua with all her anguish.
Auzua stomped out of the dining hall. Slamming every door in
his wake.
Ayeka, stunned, ran out onto the gardens to be alone,
leaving everyone in shocked silence. Tenchi couldn't handle
it. He stood from his chair.
"This is my problem I…"
"No it isn't, Tenchi!" Sasami yelled, sounding almost
annoyed. She slammed her fists into the table. "IT'S NO
ONE'S FAULT!" with that, she also left the room.
Tenchi as well as the others were completely in shock at
what Sasami had said, then they all thought about it. It was
true, even in Tenchi's mind, it wasn't anyone's fault, but
it was still his mess.
	Tenchi decided to look for Ayeka.
The gardens to the Juari palace were beautiful. Tenchi could
not remember the last time he had been here, but he did
enjoy it now. He came to a water fountain just before the
balcony that showed the city. The city had many lights on
now, beating the brightness of the moon. It was quiet here,
only chirps of evening creatures sang their tunes over
silence. Tenchi went over to the fountain and opposite of
his side was Ayeka, sitting there, watching the moon.
"Why do I get myself into these things?" She said, either
sensing that Tenchi was there, or she was just talking
openly.
Tenchi decided to answer.
"You didn't get into anything." He said.
Ayeka turned and smiled to see Tenchi there.
"I wish I could tell myself that."
Tenchi sat down next to Ayeka.
"You did the right thing, Ayeka."
"Anything to help you lord Tenchi."
She rested her head on Tenchi's shoulder. She then sighed.
"When this all over, I can't wait to go home." She said.
"Home? But I thought…oh." Tenchi grinned. Over the past
years, When Ayeka said, "home" she meant Jurai, now, as if a
change of heart, she reversed it. They both sat there for a
long time, Ryoko, watching near by, as always. Tenchi
suspected this, he was never alone.
"Ryoko, you can come out now." He said to open air.
"!" 
Ryoko materialized next to Tenchi, instantly forgetting she
was spying on them.
"Nice night isn't it?" Ryoko said, grinning at the moon.
"Yes. It is marvelous." Tenchi said, also looking at the
moon. He looked towards Ayeka, she was asleep.
"Let's hit the sack. I'm exhausted." Tenchi said, carrying
Ayeka to her room.
"Yes. Why don't we?" Ryoko said slyly.
Tenchi's eyes went wide and a embarrassed face hit him like
a train.
"Now Ryoko!"
"Just kidding, jeez."
				* * *
	Tenchi awoke that night, having trouble sleeping. He
walked over to his window and looked out over Jurai,
collaborating on what to do and if he was successful. The
room was dark, but Tenchi sensed a warm light coming from
behind him. Tenchi turned quickly to the light, and saw a
form of Tsunami. She was staring at him. Tsunami's eyes were
in somewhat of hope, and despair.
"Tenchi. I apologize for leaving you in the dark like this,
but I have come to a standpoint with Kagato where I can only
do this. I can't help you anymore without endangering you. I
am sorry." She said firmly, with no fear in her voice.
"Kagato… He's in your realm?" Tenchi asked Tsunami, very
surprised. How he could have gotten there was a hard
question to answer.
"Yes. But I have brought you someone who has wanted to see
for a long time." Tsunami grinned despite the situation.
"Who? Who is it?"
A bright light emerged beside Tsunami and it engulfed
Tenchi. He covered his eyes before he was completely
blinded.
				* * *
Tenchi moved his arms as the light softened. His eyes then
went into complete utter surprise. Could it be?
"!" Tenchi couldn't utter one word.
The woman looked straight into his eyes.
"I understand you need my help, Tenchi."
Tenchi couldn't help himself.
"Are…Are you for real?"
The woman grinned, swiping a black hair that fell in front
of her face.
"It is good to see you, My son."
It was Her.
Achika floated before Tenchi, Her young features still
intact.
Tenchi rubbed his eyes. Mother? Could it be you?
Achika grinned. 
"Tsunami told me you needed my help. Let's go Tenchi, we
have much to discuss before the battle."
Tenchi grinned. 
"Yes, we do."
TO BE CONCLUDED…
Well that's it for now. Hope you are enjoying the series. 
I know (and they know,) That these are late special thanks
but…
SPECIAL THANKS go out to:
Chris Engler - Great Pre-reader and deseverves a standing
obation (Parts One through Four)
Jason Roberts- Also a open minded pre-reader. (Parts One
through Three)
Both These Guys Apporved of My fan fiction. Many thnaks go
out to all of you.