TENCHI MUYO 
THE OUTCAST OF JUARI
 Part Three: Hero's Venture
By Jason Allen (nishiro@hotmail.com)
…Discliamer: The characters featured in this fan fic
are owned by Pinoneer and AIC.

IF you don't know what's going on. Please read the
summary first
The Tenchi Muyo group have been attacked by whom Washu
believes to be Kagato. In the frantic arrival to see if
Tenchi and the others that were at home were safe from
the attack, Ayeka trips on one of the stair steps of
the house and suffers from a small, brain-damaging
coma. In her mind, Kagato has contacted her and
announces a 'partnership' between a strange Wraith
creature and warns her that they are waiting on Jurai.
As if to deem Ayeka as a messenger, she awakens,
against her wanting, Ayeka is now forced to tell the
message…
	Tenchi, along with the others in a meeting room of
Washu's been completely silent in thought. They all had
something they wanted to say about the whole matter,
but it was like some unseen force was straining them to
be quiet.
			
Tenchi can't battle Kagato alone. Kagato is obviously
more powerful than before. Yet, so is Tenchi. Could he
possibly win again? Ryoko thought.

I don't want him to do this again. I can't stand
another thought of losing him this time. I still I have
so much to tell him. I could stand in the way, but what
good would it do? Ayeka pondered the question.
 
We are sure on a stalemate aren't we? Washu thought to
herself. We have to fight Kagato, whose power can not
be outmatched this time, and we can only use Tenchi.
But this time there's no walking away from it is there?

I believe that He'll do it again. He's my son, capable
of anything. Noboyuki made a face of 100% no doubt.

Who's going to take care of us? Sasami said, as if she
asked it to the tiny infant Mayuka.
I couldn't stand the event if he dies, Mayuka. Sasami
closed her eyes, and then, a bright light in her mind
emerges. Tsunami had something to tell her…

"So… what do we do?" Tenchi asked to no one in
particular.

"To Juari Tenchi. I think there is no other choice this
time." His grandfather said.

"Of course. I guess you are right" Tenchi said, hoping
there was some other way out of this.

"Tenchi this time, no-matter-what. Were going with
you." Ryoko said, suggesting Ayeka as well into the
picture.

"But..." Tenchi protested.

"We don't care about that, Tenchi." Ayeka finished,
standing by Ryoko.

"We'll all help." Washu joined in, enjoying that they
now were standing strong to something they had to do.

Tenchi made a look as if he couldn't win this one, and
was, deep down within his heart, proud that he had the
opportunity to fight beside his 'family'. This was when
Tenchi realized in a long time, that the group was now
formed into a family. A family that was always there
through the thick and thin.

"I want to thank you all. Not for just showing your
bravery now, but for all those other times that you did
have the choice of walking off or the choice to stand
your ground next to me." Tenchi said with a proud edge
to his voice.

"Rhi-ow?"

Tenchi grinned and picked up the little cabbit.

"Yes, and you too Rhyo-Oki. You'll help us get to
Juari, won't you?"

The little creature 'mi-owwed' it's acknowledgement.

Tenchi noticed Sasami not moving, cradling a also
motionless Mayuka. He went to awake them, but Washu's
arm halted him.

"They are with Tsunami now," She said.

"Oh." Tenchi then went turned to the rest of the group.
"Well, it looks like maybe Tsunami is giving us her
blessing. It looks like we are on our way to Juari."

				* * * *
	Sasami stepped up boldly to Tsunami, holding
Mayuka close to her.
"Sasami, you must listen to me."
Sasami looked straight into her eyes.
"Yes?"
"Tenchi is going into battle with Kagato once again.
But he is joined with a creature that almost destroyed
the secessions of the royal Jurai family."
Sasami gasped. She knew full well who that creature
was…
"Kain, It must be him."
Tsunami looked puzzled.
"Perhaps. But all the same, you and the others must
venture carefully. But in the end, you will not win,"
Sasami couldn't believe her ears. Could she be telling
the truth? Tsunami never gave conclusions, but when she
did they were never bad. Was it possible? ", But I have
paid dearly to help you in this time. Tell Tenchi
that…"
				* * * *
	Tenchi was sitting next to a sleeping Ayeka, who
was deep in thought. Hoping she would be all right.
"Is she okay?"
Tenchi turned to the person who was talking to him.
It was Ryoko, looking only half concerned.
"Washu's painkillers have just knocked her out. All and
All, I don't know."
"Tenchi," She put a hand on his. "I wanted to tell you
that I meant every thing I said back there. I can't
speak for her," She nodded in Ayeka's direction. "But
it is probably all true for what we said."
Tenchi met her eyes in gratefulness.
"I know."
Ryoko broke the (for the first time) happy silence. 
"Hey! I would have done it for anyone!" She said,
sounding like it was all no big task anyway.
Tenchi grinned. Yeah, right. Ayeka would left alone if
it was just she and Ryoko on a desert island.
"You know, I realized something back there." Tenchi
remarked.
"What would that be?" Ryoko asked.
"That all of you are my family. It's been like that
ever since you guys arrived here. I never realized
until now. I don't know why I didn't realize it until
now."
Ryoko sat next to Tenchi and put her arm over his
shoulder. She finally realized that this motion was not
of affectionate love, but for once, a friend.
"Maybe because we all fight over you all the time!"
Ryoko said, as if she wasn't involved. (She was joking,
of course).
Tenchi grinned. There was no way he was going to laugh
during this time of huge serious matter. She did speak
the truth, though.
"I guess so." He said slightly with a smile.
Deep down within the fears of him failing in the
future, Tenchi felt for once, amiss all the danger, he
felt good. Was it because he wouldn't die alone? No,
Could it be that he finally fell for Ryoko? No. It was
because they were there. And the feelings were not for
Ryoko, but for everyone.
"Tenchi." Yosho said, waving for His grandson's
attention.
"Could we talk, Tenchi?" His grandfather asked.
"Sure." Tenchi and Yosho walked into the hall of the
sub space lab.
"We are heading for Jurai tomorrow, but there is
something I must tell you something."
"Yeah, Grandfather?"
Yosho started to whisper, he didn't want anyone else to
listen in.
"You know the cost of you loosing will cost all of our
lives."
Tenchi turned cold, but it was true.
"Yes. I understand that." Tenchi managed.
"I'm afraid I can not assist you this time like I did
before. That cost some of my life energy and my
strength. I'm sorry."
Tenchi was truly shocked. Oh no. Why hadn't he told me
this before? That means Kagato has now wounded not only
my grandfather, he turned it on me. Damn it!
Tenchi dismissed those thoughts for now.
"I put my best effort into it. The others might join in
on this one. But deep down, this is my fight."
"I understand." Yosho said.
There was again, another silence. There were no further
words to say. Tenchi didn't want to make good byes, but
it was uncalled for only by the judgement of his
reasoning.
Then, as if to destroy the silence, Sasami ran yelling
through the hallway.
"Tenchi!"
"What's up Sasami?"
Tenchi noted the huge smile on Sasami's face. What had
gotten her so happy and worked up, was anyone's clue.
But Tenchi knew that it all had to do with Tsunami.
"Tsunami told me to deliver a message." With that,
Sasami pulled out a letter.
Tenchi opened the letter.
He started to unfold the letter and he read the letter
aloud.

Dear Tenchi,
I have witnessed and felt the emotions of fear in you.
It distresses me dearly to see you like this. But,
among all this I have very good news in assistance of
battling Kagato one last time… I am bringing someone
who has been locked only in your past. That is all I
can tell you, I am sorry, But this person will be with
you very, very soon.
-Tsunami

"I wonder who she means, and why she was so
mysterious." Tenchi said, pondering the note. He looked
back to his grandfather, who was also in a look of
thought. Then Yosho thought of something.
"Perhaps Kagato has been able to probe Tsunami's
thoughts or actions. I can't say for sure."
"Hmm, perhaps you are right grandfather. I guess we can
no longer contact Tsunami as much as we can to her
until she does the final action to help us." Tenchi
thought about that. Even now, Kagato might be powerful
enough to destroy Tsunami. Tenchi hoped Tsunami would
be okay, because if she were to be killed, Tenchi
looked over to Sasami. Then Sasami would die as well.
For that matter Tenchi could only hope for the best.
				* * *
"I think they are catching on." Kagato said, while
Tsunami gave bad looks to him as he appeared in her
realm. She opened her mouth to speak, but was cut short
of Kagato.
"Oh, don't worry. I won't bother you any longer."
Tsunami kept her firm, angry face locked onto Kagato's.
"I guess I'm lucky that I have the strength to keep you
away from me." She said, not wavering in her voice at
all. She knew full well that it wouldn't last long. She
hoped Tenchi would destroy him before his chance at
Tsunami came.

"But, oh that won't last long, Will it?" Kagato asked,
knowing the answer.
Tsunami looked away from Kagato in disgust.
"I believe you know full well who's going to win this
time." Kagato said into the open air.
Tsunami grew even more angered, she turned to face
Kagato and with the angriest voice in the world, she
said:
"Kagato, I know your past. I know all of it. You were
fooled by the powers of darkness and when the royal
brotherhood of the Juari found out, they vanquished
you. You destroyed them, yes, but you forget one thing
that marks you, just like a permanent scar, something
that might be your downfall."

"And what would that be?" Kagato said, bitter now that
she dug deep into his past.

"You will always be the Outcast of Juari."

With that, Kagato vanished in rage.

TO BE CONTINUED

Well, we are edging ever so close to the conclusion of THE
OUTCAST OF JUARI. I hope you are wondering who will 'return'
to this fan fiction line. Well, I can't tell you, in my
fan-fiction, it's illegal to spoil things ^_^ and a final
note to fan fiction writers: CONTINUE WHAT YOU DO BEST!