"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  "Ah! My Goddess!" is also the property of 
Pioneer.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Twenty-Five: 
The Megamisama Side Story: Heavens on Fire by William Nichols


	"Urd!  Phone call!" announced Belldandy to her older sister.  The white 
haired beauty was sprawled out on the couch, and was rather disinterested in the 
notion of having to move.
	"Who is it?" she yawned.  Only a certain few people could make her get off 
this couch right now.  It was so comfortable...
	"It's Professor Washu!" Belldandy said in her always-charming voice.
	"And that's one of them," Urd mumbled to her self as she floated over to 
the phone.  Belldandy's usually pleasant expression changed slightly when she 
saw the look of apprehension on her sister's face.  "Hello," Urd began.  
Belldandy watched intently as Urd nodded her in agreement to some unseen 
conversation.  "I'll be right there."
	"What's the matter Urd?" Belldandy asked.  The last time she had seen such 
a look on Urd's face was during the Celestin incident a few months ago.
	"I have to go to Okayama to help Professor Washu," Urd Explained as she 
snapped her fingers.  Instantly her tank top and blue jeans was replaced by a 
flowing black dress with a tiger striped bodice.    An orange flange came up 
from the deep neckline and extended back to form a high collar of sorts.  "I'll 
be gone for a couple of days," Urd elaborated as walked towards the television 
set.  
	"Be careful," Belldandy said as she gave Urd a hug.  She knew something 
was bad was happening, but until her system fully stabilized her father had 
decided not to let her get involved.
	"I will," Urd, promised as she placed her hand on the TV screen.  A blue 
light surrounded the screen before her arm slipped thru the newly opened portal.  
Belldandy waved to her as she slipped thru.  "And don't do anything with Keiichi 
that I wouldn't do!" she teased right as the portal closed.   
	"Oh sister!" Belldandy blushed as the portal closed.  

*******

	"Oh boy," sighed Nobuyuki as he plopped back onto the living room sofa.  
The revelations of what was really going on while he had been away on business 
had borne heavily on him.  His son was some where out there, in a part of the 
universe he never knew existed, doing gods know what.  All because some near 
mythical beings want him to be their gladiator or something like that.  It was 
just about too much.  And to top it all off, he thought he had seen a few new 
gray hairs in the mirror this morning.  All Nobuyuki wanted was for things to 
return too normal. 
	'Normal! There's a word!' he thought as he sipped his sake.
	But ever since Tenchi had opened that cave and freed Ryoko, things had 
never been the same.  Not that he really minded though.  The house had been too 
lonely after his dear Achika's death, but at times now it seemed too crowded.  
With all of these women running around things certainly was interesting for the 
resident bachelors.  That and he had gotten a glimpse of most of them in various 
states of undress over the past two years as well.  It wasn't that bad, he 
concluded to himself.  And by the looks of this when this was all over he was 
going to become a father-in-law!
	"My son," he laughed to himself as he clicked on the TV.  After a moment 
of disinterested channel surfing he came across a program that looked promising.  
"Nice!" he panted as the camera panned up a pair of long, tanned legs.  His gaze 
became more intent as the camera revealed what the long, tanned legs were 
attached to.  Nobuyuki inched forward on the couch to get a better view, like a 
kid pressing his nose to a candy store window.
	Then a foot came out of the TV screen.
	Nobuyuki screamed for dear life as one of the long, tanned legs shot right 
past his face and rested on his shoulder.  The other slid out of the TV screen 
and placed its foot firmly on his chest, its toes playing with his chest.  With 
one swift motion he was pushed back on to the sofa.  Nobuyuki frantically 
climbed over the back of the sofa as some one literally crawled out of his big 
screen TV.
	"What's all the commotion about?" exclaimed Washu as she threw the lab 
door open.  Nobuyuki was cowering behind the couch and pointed in the general 
direction of the home entertainment center.  Her concern disappeared as soon as 
she saw the six-foot plus white haired goddess standing in front of the TV.  
	"Professor Washu!" Urd exclaimed as she quickly floated over to Washu.
	"Little Urd!" Washu squeaked as she returned the hug that had been wrapped 
around her.
	Nobuyuki blinked a few times in total confusion before he could muster the 
strength to talk.  "You...you know her?"
	"Of course I do silly!" Washu laughed.  
	"Professor Washu was one of favorite teachers," Urd said with an 
expression of fond remembrance.  "And it's been far too long since I've seen 
her!"
	"Fifteen thousand years too long!" Washu playfully admonished.
	"Sorry Sensei," Urd said as she bowed her head respectfully.
	"Come on," Washu laughed.  "I always hated being called that."  Urd 
laughed as the diminutive scientist grabbed her by the arm and began to pull her 
towards the lab.  As Washu pulled her thru the door Urd looked back and blew the 
still stunned Nobuyuki a mischievous kiss.  A little pink heart fluttered across 
the room and smacked him on the cheek.
	"I need a drink," he said to himself, not really wanting to know what's 
going on.

***

	"This is impressive Professor Washu," Urd said as she marveled at the 
expanse of Washu's lab.  "Skuld would have a field day in here!"  Then Urd saw 
something she had thought she was prepared to see.  But in fact it shook her to 
her very being.  "Oh my..." she whispered as she caught sight of the pale green 
light that Ryoko's stasis field was emanating.  The usually resolute goddess 
swallowed hard and choked back a silent sob as she walked over to the bedside.
	A solitary tear slid down her cheek as she thrust her hand into the jade 
light and rested it on Ryoko's forehead.  "I am so sorry," she muttered as Washu 
laid a hand on her shoulder.  In her momentary distress, Urd had not noticed 
that Washu had transformed into her adult form. 
	"This is why I have to do this," Washu said fighting back her own tears.  
Urd placed her free hand onto Washu's as she uttered a small prayer, asking her 
father to watch over them.  
	"Let's do this Urd," said whipping the last tears from her eyes.
	"Agreed," Washu said.  After casting one glance back to Ryoko Urd buried 
the emotion and pushed herself forward.  If this did not work, it would not only 
be Professor Washu's family that suffered.  It would be hers and everyone else's 
in creation.  As they past through the various gizmo's and gadgets they came to 
a seemingly deserted place in the lab.  A large area of floor space had been 
cleared away and a priest was finishing a purification rite.  Something about 
this priest struck Urd as odd.  He was repressing far more power than a holy man 
should have.  It was almost godlike.
	The old priest finished his melodic chant and turned to Washu.  "It is 
done," he said almost coldly, which gave Urd the impression he did not really 
approve of what was about to take place.  To be honest, Urd had her reservations 
about doing this, but after her father gave her clear instructions, she pushed 
those reservations out of her mind.
	"You have my permission," her father had said in his calm tenor voice.  
"To do whatever the Lady Washu asks of you.  These are grave times, and 
Yggdrasil is not capable of handling them.  Therefore we defer all power to the 
fallen triumvirate."  Those words echoed in Urd's ears as she watched Washu 
thank the old priest and motion for her to join her.  As Urd stepped into the 
light she could see that they were not alone.
	Standing around the outer edges of the circle was several women and a 
child that appeared to be a little older than Skuld.  "This is Galaxy Police 
detective Kiyone Makibi," Washu said motioning towards the tall woman with long 
green hair.  Urd notices that she had a stressed look on her face.  She 
obviously knew what was transpiring, or at least an idea of what was 
approaching.
	"And this is her partner," Washu continued with a hint of sympathy in her 
voice that Urd noticed, "Mihoshi Kuramitsu."
	"Hi-yee!" the bubbly blonde said as she waved to Urd.  The goddess 
returned the wave but took notice of the expressions on the green-haired woman's 
face and on Washu's.  'Definitely sympathy,' Urd thought to herself as Mihoshi 
continued to garner a strained look form her partner.   The next person 
introduced to Urd was the princess Sasami of Jurai.  Urd bowed respectfully 
before the little princess.
	"And this is," Washu started only to have Urd cut her off.
       	"Lady Tsunami!" Urd said as she knelt before the goddess of Jurai.
	"That is not necessary," Tsunami said as she stepped towards Urd.  "You do 
not have to genuflect before me."  Urd nodded in deference to Tsunami's request 
and returned to her feet.  Together the goddess' walked towards Washu and the 
old priest who had performed the purification rite.
	"And this is Lord Katsuhito, also of Jurai," Washu continued as Tsunami 
walked beside Urd. 
	"My pleasure," Katsuhito said as he took Urd's hand.  "May the spirits 
guide you in this endeavor," he added.  There was still something about him that 
Urd just could not place a finger on... Then she saw it in his eyes.  In those 
soft maroon eyes she saw what she had sensed from him the first time she had 
seen him.  He had the spirit of Tsunami.
	"Thank you for the blessing," she said humbly.   "What exactly do you need 
me to do?" Urd asked as she turned to Washu.
	"I need for you to create a Circle of Warding for me."  Urd's eyes went as 
wide as saucer's.
	"So it's true," Urd said a regained her composure.
	"Yes," admitted Washu.
	"What about the calculations to open the gate?" Urd asked.  "We will need 
Skuld for that."
	"I will do it," Sasami said stepping forward.  Once again the same 
overpowering aura she had sensed from Katsuhito began to flow from the young 
girl.
	"Okay..." she said as she began to wonder what powers the rest of Washu's 
little family possessed.  And she thought the group she lived with was 
different...
	"I hope this is enough room," Washu said as she motioned towards the clear 
spot.  
	"It should do," Urd said as she flexed her knuckles and rolled her head 
from side to side.  Everyone stepped back as she crossed her arms on her chest, 
bowed her head and began to chant something inaudible.  A cold wind began to 
stir around everyone's feet as Urd looked from her chant, eyes ablaze.  The 
inverted triangle on her forehead had begun to glow a vibrant hue of indigo as 
she uncrossed her arms in a wide sweep.        
	"Hear my words!" she announced without ant further preamble as twirling 
columns of mist began to rise from the ground.  "O things possessing will gather 
together with me..." Mihoshi gasped s a line of light shot out from Urd's feet 
and began to form an archaic pattern on the floor.   "For the true form of the 
ultimate one, let there be light in that which becomes the cornerstone!"  
Further gasps arose from Mihoshi and Sasami as the lines of light began to 
intersect and branch out, covering the lab floor in a series of interlocking 
circles and curved lines.
	As the mists cleared the lines ceased to glow bright blue and faded into a 
dull, scorched color as the circle took its final form.  Everyone thought the 
rite was finished when a column of light surrounded Urd and she began the final 
incantation.  "Blaze like flame, race like the wind, shake like the water, 
receive like the earth!" Once again her eyes were ablaze with the awesome power 
that was forming the magical gate.  "I order you..." she continued as he voice 
took the timbre of many in one.  "Arise! Ultimate Circle of Warding!"  That said 
a flash of pure blue light swept across the lab momentarily blinding those 
present.
	"Hey, what's going on in here?" Nobuyuki asked as the flash illuminated 
the lab.  He quickly slammed the door shut and returned to the couch.  
Something's are best left unknown.  
	"It...is...done," Urd said trying to regain her wind.  The ultimate circle 
was finished.  The main ring was interlocked with four other rings, each at a 
cardinal point.  Inside the main ring were two more interlocked rings.  Various 
designs branched off of the circle giving the appearance of a rose window from 
an ancient cathedral.
	"Thank you," Washu said as she clasped Urd's hands.  Tsunami and Sasami 
stepped forward into the light.  Urd noticed the slight look of apprehension on 
the young girls face, but discounted it.  Ones emotions can betray what one 
really feels, or the power one possess.
	"I am ready," Tsunami calmly announced.  Washu nodded as a wreath of light 
circled her and replaced her Galactic Academy uniform with a dark green body 
suit with a white bodice.  An emerald cloak formed at her shoulders and draped 
across her, concealing the body suit and bodice.  Two bands of jade fabric 
swirled around her flowing hair pulling it up into a spiked plait.  This was 
Washu in her true form.  A sight few present had ever seen.
	"Are you ready, Sasami?" Washu asked.  Sasami took a faltered step 
forward, then resolvedly moved to her place next to Washu.
	"Few can claim to have seen this," Katsuhito said softly to Kiyone.  All 
of this mysticism was new to her.  Her life had been devoted to the cold, hard 
truth of police work.  Usually if it could not be proved in a court of law, it 
did not matter.  But now there were technically four goddess' standing in front 
of her.  The proof was irrefutable. 
	Sasami hesitantly stepped into the ring that occupied the northern 
cardinal point while Washu and Tsunami stepped into the interlocking rings that 
occupied the center of the ultimate circle.  Washu felt her sisters hand slip 
into hers and she squeezed it.  It had been twenty thousand years since they had 
seen Tokimi.  A hush fell over everyone as Sasami held her hands to her chest.
	"From heaven to ocean," she intoned as the two marks on her forehead began 
to glow.  Urd's eyes widened as she saw the same marks glow on Tsunami's 
forehead. "Ocean to earth.  And earth back to the heavens.  Show us the path 
engraved by the light."
	Instantly the space between the rings became filled with glowing Juraian 
script.  Kiyone held an arm to her eyes as the light grew in intensity.  "Oh 
my," muttered Mihoshi as the light engulfed Washu and Tsunami.  Their images 
became ethereal as the final rows of script filled them selves in.  A vortex of 
raw other worldly energy began to swirl at the base of the circle before it 
swept out across the lab with a deafening roar.  A dome of pure white light grew 
from the epicenter of the vortex before it collapsed back into itself.
	And then it was over.
	Sasami wiped the perspiration from her forehead after the circle had 
ceased to glow.  Only a wisp of white smoke remained where Washu and Tsunami had 
once stood.  "It's up to them now," Katsuhito said stoically.  "We have done 
what we can."
	"That was unreal," Kiyone mouthed; still a little unsure of what she had 
just witnesses.
	"It was very real," said an exhausted Urd.  "You have an immense power," 
she said turning to Sasami.  The little princess just nodded slightly.  "Come on 
kiddo," Urd said as she placed an arm around Sasami.  
	"Alright!" Sasami said as the first traces of a smile crept onto her face.
	"By the way," Urd began as they walked away from the still smoking circle.  
"Who was that poor guy I scared earlier?"
	"Only my lecherous son-in-law," Katsuhito said half joking and half 
serious.  "Why do you ask?"
	"I think I gave him an eye full!" Urd laughed 
	"He probably enjoyed it," Kiyone kidded to laughs from every one present.

***

	Proper words do not exist to describe Washu and Tsunami's journey thru 
inter-dimensional space-time.  The best way for petty mortal minds to describe 
it is as breath taking.  Imagine every molecule of being converted into pure 
energy.  Then you, as a being of pure energy, are sped across the space-time 
continuum.  You become one with any and everything as your 'energy' breaks 
across the boundaries that separate space and time.  And this vast experience 
happens in a blink of an eye.  For one brief moment, you are the universe, and 
the universe is you.
	Washu and Tsunami stepped out of the dimensional gateway a little 
disoriented to say the least.  After all they had just been disassembled 
molecule by molecule, shot across space and time, and reassembled in the eternal 
realm; so a little disorientation was to be expected.  Washu blinked a few times 
as her eyes came back into focus.  At first the eternal realm appeared to be a 
washed-out blur, but after a few moments everything became clear.
	"It cannot be," Tsunami said with a voice of dire apprehension.  The once 
glorious splendor the eternal realm had changed indeed.  The once towering 
golden spires were now broken and burned.  The lush gardens once so vibrant with 
a sea of colors that paled most artists' pallets were now rendered to pitiful 
heaps of sickly browns and dark yellows.  The once glistening alabaster halls 
were scorched to the ceilings with angry black fingers.  It was like the hands 
of death had wrapped themselves around this most sacred of places.
	Washu took a faltered step forward as the totality of the destruction of 
her former home was realized upon her.  It was gone.  The eternal realm was rent 
asunder.  The magnificent that shined at the core of the universe was darkened.  
Even the once sweet air now held the rancor of rot and death.  For all of her 
genius and godlike powers Washu could not fathom how such a fate could befall 
her ancestral home.  True she had been gone for twenty thousand years, but the 
level of devastation was unfathomable.  In the distant a faint trail of smoke 
still raised heavenward from used to be the Shrine of the Chousin.
	As Tsunami stood in tears Washu was hit by a wave of nausea.  The stench 
of death combined with the destruction of her home was more than she could 
handle.  Fighting off the convulsions that were wracking her body Washu turned 
her gaze back to the still smoldering shrine.  The shrine had once rivaled even 
the shrine of the Elder in its resplendent glory.  Its intricately sculpted 
friezes stood in muted testimony to the grandeur of the realm and of its 
triumvirate.  The high crest of its roof was tiled in the finest polished 
marble, and its multi-colored crystal skylights served as a prism, casting the 
various hues of light softly upon whoever was fortunate enough to enter.  At the 
shrines corners rose four golden spires, which were so tall they appeared to be 
descending from heaven itself.  Now what remained barely passed for a pile of 
slag.
	"Surrender or DIE!" a gruff voice called out snapping Washu and Tsunami 
from their shock.  Before they realized it they had been surrounded by at least 
three-dozen armed guards.  "I said yield!" the man who was obviously the leader 
barked again.  He angrily brandished his halberd towards Washu.  The rest of his 
men returned the two megami's stares with icy daggers.
	"We mean you no harm," Tsunami said calmly as the captain of the guard 
sneered at her.
	"We only want to see Toki- ," Washu began before she was cut off.
	"I said QUIET!" the rather gruff looking individual yelled again.  "You 
will see our lady, and then she will pass judgment on you."  Washu swallowed as 
the pure hatred range out in his words.  That same hatred permeated the stares 
of his underlings.  Silently Washu nodded and took step next to Tsunami as their 
armed escort took them towards the still smoldering shrine.            
As they approached the burnt out shrine a silhouette could be discerned moving 
in the darkened interior.  Washu noticed that as they drew closer, so did the 
silhouette.  Finally the guards stopped at the base of the shrine steps.  The 
devastation was total.  If Washu and Tsunami had not known before hand that this 
ruin had once been the their temple, it would have been indiscernible from any 
other heap of rubble in the universe.
	"Bow before the Lady!" the guard barked as two of his men landed solid 
blows with their halberd staffs to the backs of their knees.  The two megami 
winced as their knees were assaulted from behind and from the front as they 
slammed into the ground.  Washu squeezed out a few pained tears as the 
silhouette began to emerge from the shadows.  
	"Who dares to disturb my realm?" the dulcet voice asked before its owner 
had fully stepped into the light.  Upon doing so her eyes flashed wide open at 
the sight her guards had presented before her.  All at once the past twenty 
thousand years of pent up emotions poured forth from Tokimi.  She raced down the 
broken steps, nearly stumbling over a piece of charred debris.
	Tsunami began to move forward at the sight of her sister falling, but the 
halberd blade angrily brandished in her direction made her reconsider her 
actions.  After recovering her step Tokimi calmly proceeded down the remaining 
steps.  She bit her lip as her sisters kept their eyes lowered in their forced 
state of genuflection.     "Guards," she began to glares of pure hatred and 
contempt that her men had been giving their captives.  "You may go."
	"But Milady," the captain started before a stern look from Tokimi silenced 
him.  Reluctantly he motioned for his men to withdraw, leaving Tokimi with the 
bowing megami.  
	The tension in the air was nearly as thick as the stench of death and 
brimstone that hung over the once beauteous realm.  Finally Tokimi spoke.  "It 
has been a long time," she said to her still kneeling sisters.  After neither of 
them ventured a response Tokimi continued.  "I know he has returned, and you 
have already witnessed the devastation his armies can produce.  I will help you, 
but on one condition," Tokimi finished with a hint of contempt in her voice.
	"And that would be?" Washu inquired barely above a whisper.
	"That the two of you quit bowing like fools and give your sister a hug!"   
Washu and Tsunami just knelt there with incredulous looks on their faces and 
blinked a few times as Tokimi opened her arms to them.  Finally on a flurry of 
emotion Washu and Tsunami embraced their long neglected sister.
	"I apologize for the actions of my men," Tokimi said as she hugged Washu.  
"But after what has happened, I cannot be too cautious."
	"It is understandable," Tsunami said as she returned Tokimi's embrace.  
	"What exactly did happen?" Washu asked, her mind once again returned to 
its analytical mode.  
	"So much for happy hellos," Tokimi said somewhat sarcastically, which 
garnered wry smiles from her sisters.  "I have been following the events in your 
realm," Tokimi said to them, "and Sister," she added turning to Washu.  "You 
will have a fine son-in-law one day."
	"Then you know why we are here," Washu said getting back to business.
	"Yes.  I do."
	"As do the Elder," came the baritone voice of Ignatius Baltus as he 
materialized behind the three goddesses.  Instantly they spun around to face the 
unwanted messenger.  "And although they do not approve, they realize that there 
is no other way for the Dark One to be contained.  But that is not why I am 
here."
	"Then what is it?" Washu shot at him.  She still wanted to see Baltus torn 
apart molecule by molecule and spread across the cosmos for what he did to her 
daughter.
	"Hide thy contempt witch," Baltus spat back.  "I come to bid thee warning.  
His forces have descended upon this realm once more."
	"Damnation," Tokimi cursed as his icy words hung in the air.  Her sisters 
almost turned pale as ghosts as Baltus nonchalantly revealed the ordeal that lay 
before them.
	"And remember," Baltus said cruelly.  "This is on your heads."  His last 
words rang in their ears like a finely played carillon.  
	"He's right," Tsunami admitted as the dark clouds began to form on the 
edges of the eternal realm.  "We are to blame."
	"I know," Tokimi sighed.  "Our decadence turned him against all humanity."
	"That is why we must stop him," Washu said her voice afire.  
	With a shimmer Tokimi's grand vizier D3 appeared next to them.  Is flowing 
white beard stood in stark contrast to the somewhat faded elegance of his deep 
crimson robes.  "Miladies," he began, stoic as Katsuhito.  "The dark forces have 
gathered at the edge of our realm. And this time I fear that we cannot turn them 
back."
	"Fear not," Tokimi said as a fiery battleaxe formed in her right hand.  
"Tell my forces that the three of us shall fight at their side this day."  Washu 
and Tsunami nodded as each of them formed their own weapons of choice.  For 
Washu it was an energy blade similar to Ryoko's.  A tall shield formed on her 
free arm and a high crested helm materialized over her head, covering her hair 
and ears.  Tsunami manifested a composite bow carved of the finest Juraian wood 
and a round shield buckled to her forearm.  The shield bore the sacred symbol of 
Jurai: the Lighthawk tri-foil.  A quiver of arrows materialized across her back. 
	"We will not let them stop the champion," Tokimi said turning to her 
sisters.  "Even if our day has past, their day is dawning and we must see to it 
that they survive."
	"Agreed," said Washu.  "The champion is the light that can turn back the 
darkness."
	"And the light always prevails," Tsunami added as the first din of battle 
wafted towards them.
	"It has begun," Tokimi announced as if Armageddon was a commonplace event 
these days.  The three Megami resolutely watched the storm of battle grow before 
they vanished in a ring of swirling light.                  

********

	"You're a better cook than Belldandy," Urd complimented Sasami as she 
helped clear the table.  Kiyone and Mihoshi left for their scheduled patrol and 
Katsuhito was meditating at the shrine.  This only left Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, 
Nobuyuki, and Urd in the Masaki house, which was feeling somewhat abandoned.  
"And you are too cute!" she said to Ryo-Ohki as the cabbit toddler handed her a 
plate to dry.
	"Thanks for helping Miss Urd," Sasami said as the last of the dishes were 
dried and put away.  The reds and oranges of the evening sun was poking thru 
pink blanket of clouds and bathing the kitchen window in a warm, soft glow.
	"No problem," Urd said as she noticed Nobuyuki do an about face as he was 
coming down the stairs.  Ever since the incident yesterday he was steering clear 
of Urd.  "How about we go outside," Urd said to enthusiastic responses from 
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.  
As they walked in the cool evening air, Urd could not help but keep thinking 
about the impending danger.  She had come to think of Sasami as another little 
sister over the past day, and the thought of her being hurt was heart breaking; 
much less the thought that the same fate lay ahead for her family as well.  
Everything depended on Tenchi, whom she had come to know thru home movies and 
photo albums, along with all of the other absent members of this family.
'Be well,' she silently prayed as Sasami and Ryo-Ohki enjoyed a carefree moment.  
The problem was that Urd just was not sure how many carefree moments this life 
had left...

******

	The din of battle rang forth across the eternal realm like a cacophony of 
angry bells.  The clash of metal on metal, wood on wood, and flesh on flesh 
echoed across the dimensions.  As predicted the forces of the Fallen descended 
upon the eternal realm like a horde of ravenous locust.  Everything that had 
survived the first attack was now laid low and defiled under foul foot and 
blade.  The screams of the wounded and dying were indistinguishable from the 
curses of the living.  Literally, all hell had broken loose.
	The Megamisama arrived shortly after the battle had begun.  With a 
flourish their righteous blades and missiles sliced into the front lines.  In 
their true forms the Megami towered above the hordes that threatened the safety 
of the realm, and therefore the safety of the universe.  After what had to be 
many hours, if not days, of bloody combat the hordes of the Dark One were driven 
away, but at a great cost.  Many of the defenders of the realm lay dead and 
dying, and the Megami were not unscathed either.
	"They're retreating!" Tsunami exclaimed as one of her arrows felled 
another dark warrior.  Washu saw the tide was turned as she kicked the still 
writhing corpse of a dark warrior from her blade.  A cheer rose up from the 
ranks of the defenders as the dark clouds receded back into the oblivion from 
whence they came.
	"We have...done...it," Tokimi said, her voice full of pain.  Tsunami and 
Washu tuned to greet her and what they saw shook them to their cores.   To their 
horror Tokimi was holding her hands over a large gash in her right side.  Her 
cloaks were stained crimson and the first signs of internal bleeding had begun 
to show at he corners of her mouth.
	"Sister!" Tsunami gasped as Tokimi fell into Washu's arms.  
	"The...Champion..." she choked out barely audible above her sister's sobs.
	"We did it," Washu said frantically.  "He cannot stop the champion from 
completing the Odyssey!"  Her own injuries put aside.
	"He...will...be...a fine...son-in-law..." Tokimi whispered as she slipped 
into the darkness.           

The Odyssey shall continue...


William Nichols.
              
	
