The disclaimer from the previous chapters applies to this one as well.

Tenchi Muyo!
-Odyssey-
Chapter Thirty-one
G”tterd„mmerung by William Nichols

	It is an undeniable fact that this universe will end one day.  Some 
beliefs claim that the end will be wrought by fire, whilst others claim oblivion 
will come by ice.  Usually the end is brought about by the apocalyptic final 
battle between the forces of good and evil, light and dark.  More modern beliefs 
have the universe expanding to the point of collapse, before being pulled into 
itself in a gravity-well.  In all of these scenarios there is one constant, one 
undeniable truth that transcends all the variables.  Life, as we know it, shall 
end.  What happens after that is speculation.

* * *

	"Is this place what I think it is?" Katsuhito asked as he swept his gaze 
across the devastated landscape.  Little evidence remained of the former beauty 
or marvels that the realm had once borne.  In the far distance the smoke of 
battle still hung in the air.  Nearer by the devastation was more evident.  The 
avenue they had descended upon had once been lined by majestic trees and gilded 
statues, no doubt of the heroes of the realm or various incarnations of the 
Megami.  All that remained now were blackened husks jutting from their ruined 
planters.  Katsuhito stepped forward and studied the broken statue that stood 
before him.  The charred remains of the figure lay scattered at his feet, 
showing little of the soft face that it once bore.  What could be deciphered 
from the ruin were the statues eyes.  They still seem to be gazing off at point 
known only to the sculptor. 
	"Where are we father?" Nobuyuki asked as he fumbled around for his 
glasses.  One of the lenses was cracked along the bottom, but beyond that he was 
just fine.  "Oh my," he added as the full extent of the devastation dawned on 
him.
	"A place of legend," Katsuhito spoke reverently.  "That is what this used 
to be," the old priest sighed.  "But now, I do not know."
	"Your assumption weighs with the truth," D3 said as he materialized in a 
shimmer of light behind Sasami.  His gold and crimson robes still bore the 
stains of battle, and Tokimi's blood.  "Our realm has been laid asunder, and I 
fear it is only a precursor what's to come," D3 said gravely.  "Lady Sasami you 
honor us with your presence," the vizier added bowing respectfully.
	"Thank you," Sasami said rubbing the side of her head.  Transporting 
everyone to the eternal realm had left her with a nasty headache.  Never before 
had she exerted such an amount of power, not that it wasn't there to use.  The 
bond between her and Tsunami was growing each day, but now that bond was in 
serious jeopardy.  Sasami tried not to think of what might happen if Tsunami 
were to perish.  It wasn't so much for her self that she buried this unpleasant 
possibility, but for fear of what would happen to her people.  Without Tsunami 
Jurai would be nothing.  
	"Your friends have been seen after," D3 spoke, indicating to the people 
helping Mihoshi and Kiyone.  The green haired GP had landed in a heap on top of 
her ditsy partner.  Unfortunately Mihoshi took the brunt of the fall.  "I take 
it that all is not well."
	"No," Sasami said quietly.  "It's not."
	"What can we do?" Nobuyuki asked as young woman offered him some drink.  
	"Pray," was the response from Katsuhito.  "Matters are beyond our 
control."  The nods of dire agreement from Sasami and D3 sent Nobuyuki patting 
his shirt pocket for his crushed pack of cigarettes.  
	He was going to need them.

***

	Ryoko watched Tenchi go through the motions of a sword routine she had 
seen him practice countless times before.  Tenchi had explained to her once that 
the graceful sweeps and arching movements were intended to cleanse the soul and 
focus the mind.  Sword and master become one, joined at the most intimate of 
levels.  And as one implement, sword and master would then in theory, become 
unstoppable.  Ryoko said a silent prayer to who ever might be listening for the 
safety of her beloved. 
	"I am ready when you are," Aescheron spoke as Tenchi drew his blade to the 
ready position.   He too had finished a sword routine, focusing his dark 
energies towards Tenchi.  The Champion is holding back on me.  The Elder fell 
too easily, he thought.  He had to have imparted his essence to this whelp.    
	"Then let us end this," Tenchi said.  The Dark One nodded.  With a 
ferocious howl Tenchi and Aescheron began the end.
	The ground closed between the two combatants in a black and white blur as 
they charged headlong towards one another.  The purplish black glow of 
Aescheron's blade arced towards the blue cutting edge of the Lighthawk sword in 
a seamless, fluid motion.  The force of the meeting sent Tenchi and Aescheron 
backpedaling.  Their footing's regained, the embattle pair pushed back off at 
one another.  
	"I'm tired of holding back," Aescheron hissed as Tenchi parried his half-
hearted thrust.  "What do you say boy?  No more games."
	"Agreed," was Tenchi's response as he brought his blade around once more 
towards the dark one.  Sparks flew as Aescheron jumped back from where the 
Lighthawk sword sliced the ground where he had been.   Bounding off the Shrine 
wall Aescheron landed a few meters away from Tenchi.  The Champion did not wait 
for Aescheron to regain his footing.  Sword angled back, Tenchi darted towards 
the demon.  The Dark One grunted as he brought his blade up to deflect Tenchi's.  
	The Lighthawk sword was knocked upwards in a wide arc by Aescheron's 
counter.  Capitalizing on this opportunity Aescheron swung his glowing blade 
towards Tenchi's waist.  It took all of Tenchi's strength and prowess to bring 
the Lighthawk sword back down in time to keep Aescheron from slicing him in two.  
The next series of exchanges were too fast for mortal eyes to follow.  The 
attentive onlookers held their collective breathes as a series of black and blue 
burs swirled between Tenchi Aescheron. The crisp night air resonated with the 
hum of coalesced energy blades dispelling the atoms of the air as their masters 
wielded them.    
	After a brief test of strength, Tenchi vaulted away from Aescheron, who 
lowered his blade.  "I know you can form more than that sword boy," Aescheron 
spat.  His soulless eyes moved up and down Tenchi's torn field jacket and 
trousers.  "Such garb is not befitting the crown prince of Jurai.  Show me what 
that delectable power is truly capable of!" he howled.  "Enough of this petty 
trifle!" the demon added with a wicked grin.  "Show me."  Tenchi chuckled and 
mirrored Aescheron's grin. 
	
	"What's he doing?" Washu asked Tokimi.  Her gut told her something was odd 
about this.  The crimson haired goddess/scientist had learned over the years of 
her research that no matter how cut and dry scientific methods may be, a gut 
feeling and instinct still held valuable insight.  
	"He is trying to force Tenchi's hand," Tokimi answered, eyeing Tenchi 
intently.  "He can sense what I feel."
	"What do you mean?" 
	"You have to feel it as well," Tokimi said cutting her eyes between Washu 
and Tenchi.  "Tenchi has more power than our sister has given him."  Washu 
glanced at Tsunami then back at Tenchi.  She closed her eyes and reached out 
from within, feeling for what Tokimi meant.  It had to be there, but where?  
Then it hit her.  Washu's eyes shot open and her jaw dropped.  "You feel it," 
Tokimi smiled.  "I know you can."
	"I don't believe it," Washu said barely above a whisper...  

	"Come on boy!" Aescheron howled.  "Show me!  Show me the true power inside 
of you!  I can taste it in the air!  Hell!  Child, even the witch over there can 
feel it!" Aescheron reveled in wicked delight as he swept a hand towards Tokimi.  
	"Show me," he pleaded almost desperately in a whisper opposite to the 
bluster of the previous demand. 
	Tenchi held the Lighthawk sword in one hand and materialized a second wing 
across his left forearm.   "This will have to do," he said teasingly.  
Regripping the sword with both hands he darted towards Aescheron, blade angled 
back.  The Dark Elder's eyes narrowed as the charging champion came within range 
of his blade.  In a quick motion Aescheron swung his sword out in front of him, 
one handed.  Tenchi leapt into the air right as the tip of Aescheron's sword 
snipped his field jacket.  Pirouetting mid-air, Tenchi landed behind Aescheron 
and brought his sword down -- as Tenchi soared over head the Dark One spun on 
the ball of his left foot and firmly planted the right just in time to brace for 
Tenchi's strike -- Aescheron brought his blade up and blocked Tenchi's downward 
thrust.  As quickly as the blades met Tenchi arced his around to the left in a 
counter-clockwise motion aimed towards Aescheron's midsection.  Seeing this 
Aescheron rotated his wrists downwards and held his defense.  Tenchi then 
brought his blade up to meet Aescheron's at eyelevel.  Following a third attack 
from Tenchi, Aescheron parried the Lighthawk sword towards the ground and began 
his counter offensive.        
	As soon as Tenchi's blade touched the ground Aescheron pulled his sword up 
from the Tenchi's and sliced the air in a close arc towards Tenchi's neck.  The 
Champion winced as Aescheron's blade buckled his hastily thrown up Lighthawk 
shield.  Tenchi was now off balanced and holding onto the Lighthawk sword by one 
hand.  Aescheron circled his dark blade back around towards the Lighthawk sword 
and struck with all of his formidable might.  It took everything Tenchi had to 
keep his grip on his sword.  Deftly the Dark Elder brought his blade up and 
caught the Champion's blade in a semi-defensive position. With a grin of evil 
delight Aescheron launched a blitz of attacks from all directions.  His first 
attack was a wide circular cut from above, followed by a swipe from the left, 
then the right, finished by an upwards cut.  Tenchi had skillfully evaded or 
deflected the first three attacks but the final blow caught him unprepared.    
	Tenchi's only defense was to call on the full extent of his Jurai powers 
and the Lighthawk wings.  Right as Aescheron's sword arced upwards towards 
Tenchi's chest the Lighthawk wings erupted from his body.  Electricity arced as 
the sword struck the center disk of the swirling tri-foil.  Aescheron laughed 
wildly as his blade was dissipated by the new powers unleashed from within the 
Champion.  The energies flowing from Tenchi was tremendous, and Aescheron 
reveled in it.  "Good boy!" the demon delighted as Tenchi placed his hands on 
the Lighthawk wings and embraced their power.  The wings washed back over him in 
a blinding flash.  Tenchi's tattered dark green field jacket and khaki trousers 
were replaced by the gleaming armor of the Lighthawk wings.  But this armor was 
different from the previous time he had summoned the Jurai power.  Dark blue 
leggings and tunic materialized, on top of which the gleaming white breastplate 
and kotetsuban armor plates outlined in the richest of blues came into being.  
The three marks on his forehead glistened as a golden, scrolled headband 
materialized on top of them, before the marks emblazoned themselves on the 
headband.  Finally around each of Tenchi's wrists scalloped bands of gold 
formed.   Both bore the Lighthawk tri-foil in the most cerulean of blues.  The 
gleaming white blade if the Lighthawk Sword reformed itself in his hands as 
Aescheron looked on maliciously.
	"Now we can get serious," Aescheron announced with a twisted grin.  The 
Dark Elder rolled his neck, popping a few vertebrae before he faced Tenchi 
again.  "Now," he hissed, "you will see my full power!"  Tenchi remained stoic 
as a black flame erupted from Aescheron.  His muscles bulged grotesquely before 
the sinews returned to their former size.  Aescheron's robes and hair fluttered 
as the dark energies radiated from him, scorching the flagstones of the shrine 
yard with his dark powers.  Once again Aescheron held forth his hand and formed 
a ball of black energy.  But this time when he reformed his blade, it was 
different.  No longer did he call upon the energy saber, but now a broadsword of 
the blackest steel.  Tendrils of silver snaked the length of the blade showing 
the countless times it had been doubled and redoubled when forged.  A deep blood 
grove ran from mid-blade down to the hilt, which branched out into a wide guard 
in the shape of dragon wings.  As Aescheron curled his pallid fingers around the 
hilt the blade began to burn with the same dark fire that engulfed its master.
	"I am through playing," Aescheron announced without preamble.  "Now," he 
said in a voice of many, "we shall see who is the stronger."
	"You've already lost," Tenchi said as the blue glow of the Lighthawk sword 
illuminated his eyes.
	"Confident, aren't we?" Aescheron chuckled.
	"Yes, I am." Tenchi calmly stated; his eyes locked onto Aescheron's.

* * * * *

	Funaho thrummed her fingers softly atop the Minister of Intelligence's 
desk.  She has been watching the yellow triangles that represented the Tyran 
battle fleet on the projected holographic stellar map move steadily closer 
towards the black line representing the unknown wave for the past hour and a 
half.  The Tyran fleet should engage the wave any time now, for all the good 
it's likely to do.  But this is important; if the Tyran's have any success Jurai 
will launch its fleet towards another part of the wave, and hopefully the 
combined effort will deflect or destroy the shock wave.  Funaho sighed.  As much 
as she wished this to be, she knew that it would not come to be.  She was fairly 
certain of the outcome of the battle that was about to take place.
	"Can we monitor the Tyran's communication lines?" she asked as the yellow 
triangles inched closer to oblivion.
	"Yes milady," a young officer replied as she busily typed away at her 
keypad.  Funaho recognized the young woman as Seira Takai, a brilliant 
mathematician and linguist. Seira was a member of the class Funaho had 
personally recruited three years ago.   "It's a little garbled, but we should be 
able to listen," Seira announced.
	"Good.  Find the command ships frequency," Funaho ordered tapping the 
triangle with the red mark in its center.  "I want to hear their reactions." The 
officer continued to hack away until a hiss came over operation centers comm. 
system.  Funaho cringed, as the hiss grew steadily louder.
	"Sorry milady," Seira said sheepishly as she fine-tuned the eavesdropping 
equipment.  Finally the hiss subsided and the signal came through.   
	"Jae ke...mToa...juK haQ..." came the broken, guttural voice of the Tyran 
commander as he barked orders to his fleet.  Funaho frowned at the harsh and 
growling sound of the Tyran tongue.
	"Boost signal gain," Funaho suggested as the young lady manipulated her 
control panel.  "And activate the translation algorithms."
	"Yes milady."  A moment later a smile of success splashed across the 
Seira's face as she overcame the signal difficulties.
	"Fleet formation Gamma-tau-niner," came the translated version of the 
commanders disembodied voice.
	"Contact in one hundred thirty seconds," reported a junior officer.
	"Weapons charged and online," reported another unseen crewman.  
	There was a tense pause before someone spoke again on the Tyran ship.  
"Contact in T-minus thirty!" exclaimed the same crewman who had announced the 
previous count.  His voice, although a bit tinny due to the translation 
algorithm, echoed of the pure unbridled fear that was churning in Funaho's 
stomach.  She pitied the lad, knowing he was about to die. 
	"For the glory of T'K'Mai and her chosen people!" the commanders barked 
heroically as Funaho watched the first Tyran "triangles" intercept the wave.  
Across the comm. line all hell broke loose.   Multiple signals from all the 
Tyran battle ships overlapped one another, some in translation, some not.  The 
sounds of battle back-dropped all of the broken transmissions.  Klaxons, 
explosions, screams of terror and agony; Funaho held her hand to her mouth as a 
cry for someone's mother came across in translation before that line went 
silent.
	"Can you isolate the command ship again?" Funaho asked Seira as triangle 
after triangle disappeared from the star chart.
	"I'm working on it!" Seira responded.  By now all eyes were on the stellar 
cartography projections showing the location of the battle.  If this is what was 
in store of Jurai...  "I've got it!" Seira exclaimed as the static and multiple 
signals and interference subsided somewhat.  
	"Hull breaches on decks nine through fifteen!" one frantic voice reported.  
The roar of twisting metal and the hiss of sparks overlaid the crewman's frantic 
call.
	"Fire particle weapons!" the commander growled above the din.  Immediately 
the sounds of weapons discharge feedback reverberated across the line.
	"It's being deflected!" came a terrified scream from the ships bridge.
	"Shields!  Shields!  Shields!" the commander ordered before the comm. line 
with silent.  A murmur rose up from those gathered as the last triangles blinked 
from the projection.
	"All traces of the Tyran fleet have been lost," someone reported finally 
breaking the silence. 
	 "Effect on the wave?" Funaho inquired.  If any damage was made to it, the 
sacrifice of the Juraian fleet may be called for.
	"That is a negative," replied the Minister of Intelligence as he double-
checked the data stream in front of him.  "There are no indications of any 
diversion of the wave."  
	Funaho chewed her bottom lip as the black line continued to inch forward.  
"How long before it reaches the Jurai sector?"
	"Contact with the Sol System..." Seira began as her voice trailed off.  
"In two hours local," she deadpanned.
 
* * * * *

	Ryoko watched intently as Tenchi and Aescheron began to circle the shrine 
yard.  Sidestepping fluidly Tenchi kept the Lighthawk sword at the ready, 
waiting for Aescheron pounce, or for any opening in his stance to appear.  As 
Tenchi stepped past Ryoko she would have given anything to reach out and wrap 
her arms around him.  Her love was only two meters away from her, but those two 
meters may have just as been twenty.  The void was nearly unbearable; so close 
and yet an eternity away.  All Ryoko wanted to do was protect the one she loved.  
But now he was protecting her.  As her eyes followed Tenchi in his dance of 
death Ryoko caught sight of Ayeka and Marnot in the corner of her eye.  The 
princes stood there in her pink and brown armor; arms intertwined with Marnot's.  
The Guardian's massive hand gently cradled one the princesses.  Ryoko knew he 
would do what ever was necessary to protect Ayeka.  Just as Tenchi would protect 
her.
	That's what funny about love, Ryoko thought as Aescheron slinked into 
view, his massive black-cloaked shoulders momentarily blocking Tenchi from view.  
To protect the one you love you will do anything, no matter how bad the odds 
are.  All that matters is their safety.  All that matters...  As Aescheron slid 
past Ryoko Tenchi shot her a quick smile.  Not a cocky smile, but one letting 
her know he felt just as she did.  Ryoko nodded in return of Tenchi's sentiment.  
She knew he loved her, and she was more than willing to do the same.  Aescheron 
snapped his neck around to see what the Champion was smiling about, briefly 
dropping his guard.  Ryoko returned his look of mild confusion with an impish 
smirk.
	As Aescheron glanced over his shoulder to see what Tenchi was smiling 
about, Tenchi launched his offensive.  The dark Elder cursed as he brought his 
flaming sword up to block Tenchi's cross cut.  After blocking Tenchi's next blow 
Aescheron bounded out of range of the third.  "Nicely done!" he complimented 
Tenchi.  "Oh yes, well played."  Tenchi nodded in deference to the demons words.  
Wasting no time Tenchi returned to his offensive.  His first cut was directed 
towards Aescheron's left shoulder, but the dark one gracefully blocked the 
effort.  Then in a blinding arc Tenchi sped the Lighthawk sword towards 
Aescheron's right knee.  Once again Aescheron's blade was in place to block 
Tenchi's.  Aescheron forced Tenchi's sword away from his knee and in a single 
motion swung for Tenchi's head.  Tenchi ducked and rolled away from the blur of 
black metal only to have Aescheron pounce on top of him.  Sweeping a foot, 
Tenchi connected to Aescheron's ankle and sent the Dark Elder stumbling off 
balance.  Jumping to his feet Tenchi brought his sword to bear.  Once again 
Tenchi and Aescheron's blades locked on a test of strength.
	"Aren't we full of surprises?" Aescheron asked as he pushed Tenchi back a 
little ways.
	"More than you can imagine!" Tenchi grunted as he pushed Aescheron back to 
the vertical.
	"Try me," Aescheron said with a sly gin.  All Tenchi did was nod, before 
he disappeared from in front of Aescheron. All the effort he was pushing into 
Tenchi sent Aescheron stumbling a bit before regained his balance.  "Where are 
you boy!" he howled as he scanned the shrine yard.  All he found was the megami 
and the other pieces of refuse that were collected there.  Aescheron grunted in 
disgust as Washu opened a small white fan with a Hinamaru on it and covered the 
lower half of her face.   Returning to his search Aescheron's glare once again 
paused on Ryoko who was grinning sheepishly.  "And what are you smiling about 
now?" he growled as Ryoko motioned to the sky above him.  Aescheron deadpanned 
as he slowly craned his neck upwards. Cursing, he barely leapt out of the way of 
the falling Tenchi's attack.
	Aescheron bounded across the yard in an attempt to get away form Tenchi, 
but the Champion stayed on the Dark Ones heels.  "Having fun?" Tenchi asked 
Aescheron as the Lighthawk sword connected with Aescheron's sword once more.
	"More than you can ever imagine!" Aescheron howled as Tenchi leapt out of 
his blades arc.  "Stay still you insolent little worm!"  Tenchi only grinned as 
he parried Aescheron's attack.  Sparks flew as the blackened steel of 
Aescheron's blade scraped across the flagstone yard.  Seeing an opening Tenchi 
brought the Lighthawk sword around in an attempt to catch Aescheron's flank, but 
this time it was the demon that vanished from sight.  Tenchi spun around 
allowing the momentum of his swing to carry him. All of the others were scouring 
the sky and the surrounding area as well.  Aescheron would not have surprise if 
they could help it.
	"Tenchi! Behind you!" Ayeka screamed as Aescheron materialized behind him.  
	"I have you now!" he screamed as his fiery blade tore through the air 
towards Tenchi's neck.  Tenchi ducked and brought his sword around to catch 
Aescheron's just as he was finishing his lateral arc.  The Aescheron's blade was 
knocked upwards exposing his midsection, allowing Tenchi to land a solid punch 
to his solar plexus.  Aescheron grunted as Tenchi drove his fist into his 
abdomen, but the Champion's victory was short lived.  Tenchi's head snapped back 
as Aescheron's knee connected with his mouth and nose. The combatants jumped 
back from one another and regained their fighting stances.  Tenchi spat, 
clearing his mouth of the fluid that had collected from bloodied lip.  Traces of 
crimson trailed from his lip and nose.  Aescheron nodded as his hand drifted 
from the certain bruise Tenchi had inflicted upon him back to his sword.
	No words were spoken as the pair resumed their struggle.  Holding the 
Lighthawk sword in his right hand Tenchi darted towards Aescheron and began to 
swing for his sword.  Aescheron parried the attack in a close circle and brought 
his blade up in a short jagged motion.  Lightning fast Tenchi brought his sword 
to bear in response to Aescheron's ploy. The next exchange saw Aescheron 
somersault out of Tenchi's range just as the Lighthawk sword ripped through the 
chilled night air.  With a loud whoosh Aescheron swiped his sword towards, 
Tenchi sending a shock wave speeding towards the Champion.  Tenchi formed a 
shield on his left forearm and braced for the wave.  A wall of wind and debris 
roared past Tenchi, but he held his ground.
	"Move it!" Marnot yelled as he grabbed Ayeka and pushed her out of the 
waves path.  The two landed a few meters away as the blast ripped through the 
air.  Marnot did his best to shield Ayeka with his body, before he realized 
Ayeka had thrown up a force field.  Its purple dome rippled as the shock wave 
passed all around it.
	"I've got it covered," Ayeka said as a slight blush creeped across her 
face in response to her and Marnot's current positions.  Across the yard Washu 
nodded as her daughter phased back into being next to her.  The former pirate 
grimaced as the shock wave slammed into the shrine office, demolishing the 
facing wall.
	"Katsuhito won't be happy," Ryoko mumbled as she tried to perceive any 
signs of Tenchi from within the shock wave.  To her delight the iridescent 
diamond of the Lighthawk Wings was holding fast in front of Tenchi.  
	 There he is! Aescheron thought as the telltale glow of Tenchi's shield 
peaked through the blackened shock wave.   In a flash he was on top of Tenchi, 
his sword cutting through the vapors of the shock wave.  "Damn!" he cursed as 
Tenchi darted to the side.  Aescheron spun on the ball of his foot and cut 
through the air again in an attempt to fell Tenchi, but his blade was countered 
this time.  Wisps of black flame trailed behind Aescheron's blade as he brought 
it home against Tenchi's.  The resounding clangs echoed across the rolling hills 
surrounding the shrine.  Aescheron was skilled, probably more so than Tenchi, 
but the Champion was holding his own as they danced across the shrine.  Each 
time Aescheron would see an opening Tenchi would counter the blow.  Aescheron 
ducked as Tenchi's sword ripped through the spot his body had previously 
occupied.  Vaulting up and over Tenchi, Aescheron landed behind the young prince 
and brought his blade around in a two handed swing.  Tenchi barely had the time 
to spin around and ready a defense.  Aescheron's blow loosened Tenchi's grip on 
his sword, a fact that Aescheron noticed.  In a black and silver blur he brought 
his broad sword around in a blow close to the hilt of the Lighthawk sword.  
Tenchi winced as the impact of the blow stung his hands.  At this rate, he was 
not sure how much longer he could maintain his grip.
	"You're getting sloppy," Aescheron said with a wicked grin as he impacted 
Tenchi's blade again.  Tenchi refused to dignify his insult with a response.  
Instead the Champion redoubled his efforts.  "I can keep this up forever," 
Aescheron said in a voice full of boredom.  "Can you?"
	"You talk too much," Tenchi hissed as he focused his next attack.  A blue 
streamer traced the path of the Lighthawk sword as Tenchi brought it around 
towards Aescheron one more time.
	"Maybe so," Aescheron replied as he blocked Tenchi's blow and began his 
counter.  "But I am definitely having more fun than you are!"
	"How about if I turn it up a notch?" Tenchi asked as he effortlessly 
parried Aescheron's counter.  Aescheron gritted his teeth as Tenchi launched a 
flurry of swipes at him.
	"Impressive," Aescheron said nonchalantly as he took a step back from 
Tenchi's onslaught.  "But I honestly thought you could do more?"  Tenchi grinned 
wickedly as a second Lighthawk wing formed next to his right hand.  Aescheron's 
eyes went wide as Tenchi spun on his right foot and grabbed the new wing with 
his left hand and formed a second sword.  Taking another step back Aescheron 
scowled as Tenchi leaned back with one sword angled high and towards him and the 
other held up in defense.
	"Will this work?" Tenchi asked almost playfully as Aescheron brought his 
blade back up to the ready.
	"Oh yes," the Dark Elder delighted.  "Oh yes."
	
	"A second wing..." Washu whispered just loud enough for her daughter to 
hear her, but Ryoko was transfixed on Tenchi.  Her jaw dropped slightly as the 
new sword materialized in his left hand and he brought it to bear towards 
Aescheron.
	"Can he do that mom?" Ryoko inquired of the stunned universes greatest 
genius and goddess of Jurai.  Washu blinked a time or two then cut her glance 
over to Tsunami, who was equally wide eyed.  She just shrugged and maintained 
her 'beats me' expression.
	"He can do it," Tokimi muttered as Tenchi eased back into his new fighting 
stance. "He is the light."
	"But he can not turn back the darkness alone," Tsunami said returning from 
her momentary haze.
	"I know..." Washu said softly as Tenchi and Aescheron began to circle one 
another again.  All Ryoko and Urd could do was blink and wonder what the cryptic 
exchange between the three sisters was all about.

	Aescheron's lips twisted in an evil sneer. This whelp is proving to be a 
nuisance.  Oh yes...he thought.  This boy is much more than the last champion.  
Could he be the one? He cannot be?  Can he?  Aescheron's focus was returned to 
Tenchi by the silver luminance of the twin Lighthawk swords.  "I'm impressed 
boy," he spoke eyeing the twin blades.  "But how well can you handle that 
blade?"
	"Well enough," was Tenchi's response. He was not going to let Aescheron 
get under his skin.  All of his training; his meditation; and practice would 
were going to guide him thru this.  Believe in your own power, the voice of 
Tsunami from long ago whispered in his mind.  The battle is first won in the 
soul; he remembered the voice of his grandfather.  Once the soul has been won, 
make the blade an extension of the soul.  Then victory is all but assured.  
Tenchi locked his eyes onto Aescheron's.  I see clearly now...  Then the voice 
of Ryoko played across his mind.  Tenchi, she had said in all earnestness, kick 
his ass!
	Tenchi grinned.
	Aescheron scowled.  "I will wipe that stupid smirk from your face!" he 
yelled as he made the first move.  Tenchi readied his stance and as the dark one 
charged him head long with a ferocious howl.  
	Steady...Tenchi thought as Aescheron closed the distance between them.  
Tenchi was ready with his counterstrike when Aescheron started to bring his 
blade around, only to vanish mid-swing.  Instantaneously Tenchi spun around to 
block the reappearing Aescheron's blow.  Successfully blocked, Tenchi swung his 
free blade up to strike at Aescheron's head.  Seeing this Aescheron ducked a few 
millimeters under the arc of Tenchi's blade.  Tenchi's next flourish of attacks 
came from the right and the left simultaneously.  It took all of Aescheron's 
skill to block or deflect the Champion's onslaught.  Backpedaling, Aescheron 
sought any break in Tenchi's barrage.  Finally Aescheron was able to catch both 
of Tenchi's blades and knock the young champion back a bit.  Pressing his 
newfound offense Aescheron swirled his bladelike a fan, deflecting Tenchi's 
advances at ever angle.
	"Very good," Aescheron growled as Tenchi caught his downwards thrust with 
both of his swords in a scissors.  "But not good enough!" he screamed, planting 
a solid kick into Tenchi's gut.  Stumbling backwards, Tenchi gasped and his arms 
flailed out.  Suppressing his pain, Tenchi brought a blade back up to 
Aescheron's just in the nick of time.  A second later and he would have been a 
head shorter.  In a wide arc, Tenchi brought his free blade up towards 
Aescheron's shoulder, knowing it would be blocked.  His other blade free, Tenchi 
brought it around to Aescheron's other shoulder.  Frantically the Dark Elder 
knocked that blade away and went onto the defensive again.
	With every move Tenchi made Aescheron became angrier and angrier.  Angry 
with himself; angry at this insolent whelp; angry with the damnable Elder who 
imbued him with his power - his anger was all the same.  His drive was now 
fueled by pure, unbridled hate.  'Damn him!' Aescheron inwardly cursed.  How can 
he...he mentally questioned as Tenchi pressed his attack even harder.  Aescheron 
was starting to get sloppy.  Each move of Tenchi's was becoming quicker and 
quicker, whilst his own defense was beginning to lag.  I cannot...he will 
not...he thought as he harnessed his anger.  A split-second break in Tenchi's 
onslaught allowed Aescheron to connect a swift backhand to Tenchi's jaw, 
providing that momentary opening he needed.  Striking close to the hilt of 
Tenchi's second sword, Aescheron knocked it free from his left hand.  The 
Lighthawk sword clanged on the flagstone yard before it returned to the 
immaterium.  Quickly Tenchi brought his left hand back to his original Lighthawk 
sword and pressed on.
	"This ends now!" Aescheron howled as he unleashed his attack.  Tenchi 
ducked Aescheron's crosscut on one knee and brought his lone blade back up.
To everyone present what happened next seem to pass in slow motion.  With 
Aescheron's blade arcing across the space above his head Tenchi thrust the 
Lighthawk sword upwards, catching Aescheron's chest.  Aescheron's jaw dropped 
and his eyes widened in shock as Tenchi's blade pierced his ribcage, even with 
his cold, black heart.  A collective gasp rose up from everyone present as the 
forward half-meter of the Lighthawk sword erupted through Aescheron's back.
	"How did you...how..."Aescheron gasped as he struggled for his last 
breaths.  Tenchi's expression was chiseled in stone.  Resolute. Unyielding.  Yet 
it was without malice.  His chocolate orbs were locked onto Aescheron's of 
obsidian, showing no emotion whatsoever.  True terror scribed itself into every 
line of Aescheron's face as he looked into the champions' eyes.  "Oh my..." 
Aescheron muttered as he saw a glimmer in Tenchi's eyes.  It was the same 
glimmer Ryoko had seen when he had awakened her.  "You...are...the light..." he 
exhaled, his eyes rolling back and body going limp.  
	The Dark Elder had fallen for the final time. 

The Odyssey shall continue...


Notes:  A heart felt thank you goes out to Alighthawk and Di Long who perused 
this one for me and gave valuable feedback and insight.  I'm proud to call you 
friends.  Also thanks go to Trey Rush, who suggested the twin sword sequence.  
And to everyone who has read and reviewed this little tale o' mine: thank you 
ever so much.  You mean the world to me.  This chapter was for you.  You've 
waited long and hard for this moment.  I hope I did not let you down.
William Nichols
