"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does 
not express the views of Pioneer nor AIC.


Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Four: From the Good Earth by William Nichols


	"They did it!" exclaimed Sasami joyfully as she hugged Washu.  The 
computer alarm had just gone off alerting them that Tenchi and Ayeka had found 
the water stone and had made it back into real space/time.

	"That they did Sasami," beamed Washu  'Atta boy Tenchi,' she added 
mentally.  
"We've got to hurry and get this to them before they move to the next stone," 
she finished pointing to a yellow backpack.  With that Sasami closed the bag up 
while Washu created the link to the island.

	"Toss it in," said Washu as a dimensional portal formed next to the little 
princess.  "That should do it," began Washu as the portal closed behind the 
backpack.

	"I hope it helps," said Sasami with a hint of worry in her voice.

	"It will," guaranteed Washu.  "It will."  After a second a smilie face 
icon popped up on the screen.  It winked at Washu then popped out.

	"Did they get it?" asked Sasami.

	"Yep," replied Washu.  But as quickly as this moment of happiness had 
come, it passed.  Tenchi and Ayeka had retrieved the first stone, but Washu did 
the math.  It had taken them nearly two days to get it.  And from here on out it 
would only get more difficult.  If all went well she figured that they should be 
able to complete the odyssey with a few hours to spare, if that.  Then Tenchi 
had to be judged by the Elder.

	There were just too many variables to make any certain predictions.  She 
hated feeling this helpless.  The last time she felt like this was when she had 
sent everyone back to 1970 to save Achika.  That whole trip had been one debacle 
after the other.  Sure, her equipment had worked, but in the end it had turned 
out to be the reason Achika disappeared.  Luckily Ryoko was able to teleport 
into subspace and they were able to save her and Nobuyuki.  Luckily.

	Washu bit her lip.  She hated every minute of this.  She wanted to be in 
the middle of things.  Where the action was.  She laughed at herself.  'That's 
where Ryoko gets it from,' she thought looking at her stricken daughter.  

	"Miss Washu?" asked Sasami snapping Washu out of her momentary funk.

	"Yep," lied Washu.  She did have a plan in action, and it hinged on 
Kiyone, and unfortunately Mihoshi.  The thought of Ryoko's life depending on 
Mihoshi gave Washu a shiver.  In truth Mihoshi's not that bad.  She's about the 
kindest and most caring person in the universe, next to Sasami.  She just acted 
like, how did Kiyone put it so fittingly: a bubble brain.

	"Sasami," began Washu, "I'm going to need your assistance when Kiyone and 
Mihoshi get back.  Will you help me?"  

	"Uh-huh," nodded Sasami.  With that Washu returned to her daughters side.  
It all hinged on Tenchi and Ayeka now.


	"What do you mean wait for a message?" snapped Ayeka.  Her patience was 
wearing thin and she cared little for the guardian's cryptic answers.

	"I am still hungry, princess," growled Marnot.  Ayeka took a step back and 
looked at Tenchi.  The look on his face told her that she was on her own here.  
"As I was saying," continued Marnot, "a message shall arrive for you shortly."

	"Only Washu could know where we are," guessed Tenchi.  "But I thought no 
one could help me on this odyssey except for Ayeka?"

	"True," said Marnot.  "But technically this is not direct help, which is 
forbidden.  This can be categorized as supplies and of the sort.

	"I see," commented Tenchi.  At that moment the black hole of a dimension 
portal opened above them.  A yellow backpack fell from it and landed at Tenchi's 
feet.  Pinned to it was a note.

	"What does it say?" asked Ayeka.  Tenchi pulled it free and read aloud:

	Good work you guys!  I see you have passed the test of the spirit, and 
retrieved the first stone.  The medallion will direct you to the next one, which 
might or might not be on this planet.  Just in case I sent you some goodies 
(made by yours truly-the universes greatest scientific genius!) that just might 
come in handy.  Take care you two.  We all have faith in you and we will be by 
your side always.  
Love,
Washu and Sasami

	A little chibis Washu and Sasami were smiling next to their signatures.  
Tenchi laughed.  Even in a situation like this his family found a way to bring a 
little levity to his life.

	"Lets see what's in here," began Tenchi as he opened the nap sack.  Washu 
had been busy.  The backpack seemed to hold an infinite amount of stuff: new 
clothes, some camping and climbing gear, a gizmo here, and a gadget there.  Most 
importantly Washu had sent her orb.  A small tag dangled from it.  Tenchi 
checked it out:

	This should help you decipher any ancient scripts and the like.  Also it 
has a counter to help you keep track of real time.  

	Tenchi looked down at the rolling numbers: 12: 00: 45: 31.  

	"It took us two days to get out of there!" he said incredulously.

	"What?" asked a stunned Ayeka.

	"As I said before the Elder are timeless young champion, as are their 
sanctuaries," explained Marnot.  "Time is merely for mortals.  It is a 
superfluous afterthought made to comfort minds not yet evolved to the point of 
enlightenment.  Nothing more, nothing less."

	"I see." commented Ayeka.  "Tell me Lord Tenchi: is there anything to eat 
in there?"  Tenchi rifled thru the bag until he pulled out a handful of energy 
bars.

	"Little Washu's Mega Boost Bars, contains 1000% of daily values," read 
Tenchi, a somewhat afraid to try one.  Before he could say anything else Ayeka 
grabbed one from his hand tore the wrapper off. 

	"Ayeka," squeaked Tenchi as the ravenous princess devoured the candy bar.

	"And I thought I was the only animal here," chuckled Marnot.  Instantly 
Ayeka shot him a look that was usually reserved for Ryoko when she was trying to 
paw Tenchi.  "Are all of your female companions like her?" he asked Tenchi as 
Ayeka finished off the candy bar.

	"For the most part," answered Tenchi shaking his head.

	"I see why they chose you as champion," joked Marnot.  "If anyone can 
survive another like her, he must be worthy."

	"Try five more," sighed Tenchi.  Marnot nearly fell over. All he could do 
was look back and forth between Tenchi and Ayeka who was licking her fingers. 

	"You have to be brave," mused Marnot.  "If the two of you are ready, we 
can proceed on this odyssey."

	"By all means," said a now full Ayeka.  She had begun to sort thru the bag 
and pulled out a new pair of pants and a field jacket.  "Do you mind?" she asked 
motioning for Tenchi and Marnot to turn around.

	"Where to now?" said Tenchi as his trademark blush shot across his face.

	"It will be revealed," replied Marnot.  Tenchi held up the medallion 
allowing the sunlight to glint off of it again.  An image of the island they 
were on appeared.  From there the viewpoint soared up until passed out of the 
earths atmosphere.  The earth's moon passed by along with Mars and Jupiter 
before the image moved too fast to be followed.  As it slowed a small world came 
into view.  The image descended through its cloud layer and soared over its 
continents until it came to a mountain range.  Amongst the snow capped peaks the 
entrance to the next sanctuary could be seen.  Blazing script flashed a cross 
the entrance before the image disappeared.

	"Herein lies the essence of stone," read Tenchi.

	"So the essence of stone has chosen to reveal itself," said Marnot.  "That 
world looked familiar, so shall we go?"

	"I am ready," said Ayeka as she shouldered the backpack.  Tenchi nodded 
and the three of them stood next to one another.  A ring of lights formed at 
their feet and swept up towards their heads coalescing into a single point.

	"Here goes," said Tenchi as they were pulled off in a streak of light.  He 
had been into space many times before, but always on Ryo-Ohki or a Juraian ship.  
At first the inter-dimensional travel made him nauseated, but it soon lifted.  
As his head cleared Tenchi was taken aback by the unencumbered space travel.  
Planets and stars passed in long streaks as they warped through space/time.

	"This is amazing," commented Ayeka.  Tenchi could see the passing stars 
glimmer in her eyes as they flew by.  Marnot nodded in agreement.  "Oh my," she 
whispered as a comet raced past them.  Ayeka watched the comet pass in 
amazement. "Did you see that," asked turning back towards Tenchi. But her 
amazement turned to fright as she saw a multi-colored nebula right in front of 
them.    

	"Tenchiiii!" shrieked Ayeka as she grabbed hold of him as they passed thru 
the nebula.

	"It is alright," reassured Marnot.  Ayeka opened her eyes to see the 
vibrant reds and purples of the swirling interstellar gases.  "We are not in the 
physical dimension."

	"We're not?" she asked timidly.  Tenchi smiled at her and squeezed her 
hand.  This simple act was more than enough to reassure Ayeka.  She loved him.  
That was all that mattered to her.  When this was over there would be more than 
enough time to sit down and discuss one another's true feelings.  Until then she 
would be strong for him and help all she could.  That and she wanted one more 
round with Ryoko.

	"Look," said Marnot pointing out a thousand specks of light coming into 
existence.

	"What is it?" asked Tenchi.

	"A multitude of new stars being born.  And you are the only people who 
shall see them for millions of years," marveled Marnot.

	"Why so long?" asked Ayeka.

	"Because by the time they are bright enough to be seen by man both Jurai 
and the earth shall have passed."  Tenchi and Ayeka were amazed beyond 
comparison.

	"Washu would love this," giggled Ayeka.

	"She has seen greater things than this," commented Marnot as they passed 
out of the nebula.  They appeared to be slowing as another solar system came 
into view.

	"Oh," replied Ayeka quietly.  She had forgotten the recent revelation that 
Washu had been a god.

	"We are drawing nigh to the stone of earth," announced Marnot.  Tenchi and 
Ayeka looked ahead and saw a shimmering blue and white planet that closely 
resembled the earth.

	"Is that it," asked Ayeka.  
	
	"That it is," replied Marnot.


	"Where did they go Washu?"	asked Sasami as she watched the marker shoot 
off the screen.  Washu feverishly entered commands into her computer, trying to 
keep up with the master keys signature, but they were just moving too fast.

	"They are really cooking," exclaimed Washu as her computer went off line.  
"They're going faster than any FTL ship can go."

	"Can you find them?" inquired the little princess.

	"I should be able to," answered Washu, "but it'll take a while.  They 
could be anywhere out there."  Washu stretched and yawned.  "Geeze, I haven't 
seen the light of day since Tenchi left," she said hopping off of her floating 
cushion.  "Let's go out side." 

	"But what about Ryoko?" asked Sasami.  She did not want to leave her 
friend.

	"She'll be alright," reassured Washu.  "There's really nothing we can do 
until Tenchi and Ayeka find all of the spirit stones.  Besides a little fresh 
air will do us some good."  Reluctantly Sasami agreed to step out with Washu

	"Now be a good girl and check up on Ryo-Ohki," Said Washu.  Sasami nodded 
and went about playing with the little cabbit.


	Katsuhito stood at the doorstep of the shrine office.  He had spent the 
past two days in deep meditation.  A great burden that he knew oh too well had 
been cast upon Tenchi and Ayeka.  But he had faith in Tenchi and Ayeka.  This 
odyssey had been forced upon Tenchi, unlike himself.  He had been brash and 
young once.  The days of his youth centuries ago on Jurai flooded back to him.  

	He had wanted to be champion.  He had sought out the Elder and demanded to 
begin the Odyssey.  They complied.  He endured the trials and tribulations.  He 
collected the five spirit stones and reclaimed his sacrifice.  Then he went 
before the Elder to be judged.  They rejected him.  They denied him the title of 
champion.  They denied him what he thought was rightfully his.

	He was infuriated.  He had made his sacrifice.  He had completed the 
odyssey.  He had done what they had asked.  He was the crowned prince to the 
throne of Jurai.  He demanded their reasoning.

	"You undertook this odyssey for personal gain," they began.  "And from it 
you did not learn what a champion must, as we had hoped.  A champion must place 
others above himself, for he is their champion.  He is their protector.  The 
well being of those around him is his chief concern.  A champion is neither 
haughty nor conceited as you are.  You wanted the mantle of champion for no 
reason other than self-glory.  And for that, you cannot be our champion."

	That day seemed to be long ago, almost a distant, faded dream.  He knew 
Tenchi's heart was different than his.  He had opened his home and heart to so 
many strangers.  They had become his family.  He loved them and they loved him.  
The boy would walk through hell and back to save those around him.  He had 
already done so on several occasions.  And now he was doing again.

	"I see that someone else is in deep thought as well," came Washu's voice.  
Katsuhito turned to see an adult Washu standing beside him.  "You're loosing 
your touch in your old age Lord Katsuhito.  It is unlike you to let anyone sneak 
up on you."

	"It was either because of age or by choice," he replied.  "Any word of my 
grandson?"

	"Tenchi and Ayeka have retrieved the first spirit stone and are en route 
to the second," she said pacing towards the doorway.  "You know what lies ahead 
of them."

	"I do.  And your daughter?"

	"She is as well as can be expected."  Washu stopped and turned back to 
Katsuhito.  "I have sent Kiyone and Mihoshi on an errand."

	"Do you intend to do what I suspect?" he asked raising an eyebrow to 
Washu.  "The consequences of this could be as dangerous," he warned.

	"Consequences be damned!" growled Washu.  "This is twice they have 
interfered with my life and someone that I love."

	"I suspect the punishment will be more than banishment this time," mused 
Katsuhito.  Washu cringed as he finished those words.  "But when one possess 
divinity,"

	"One can do as she damn well pleases," interjected Washu.

	"That is not what I was going to say," chuckled Katsuhito.  "But I guess 
it is so."  Katsuhito returned his gaze to the evergreen forest below.  "I 
wonder if that is what the creator of this planet thought at the time."

	"Could be," joked Washu.  "Did I ever tell you that he let me play a role 
in creating this planet?"

	"And what would that be?" asked Katsuhito suspiciously.

	"Tell me Lord Katsuhito," began Washu.  "Have you ever seen a duckbilled 
platypus?"



	Ayeka screamed as the dimensional portal opened onto the planet below.  It 
was off its mark a little and had opened a meter or so off the ground.  The 
three travelers landed in a disheveled heap on top of one another.

	"So much for inter-dimensional travel," joked Tenchi.

	"So I missed the mark," said Marnot rubbing his backside.  "I think a 
meter or two isn't terribly bad taking all things into consideration."

	"Considering what?" snipped Ayeka.

	"We traveled over a hundred thousand light years," replied Marnot as he 
straightened out his back.  Ayeka's jaw hit the ground.

	"But Jurai is only ten light years from the earth," said Ayeka trying to 
imagine where they were.

	"Princess," began Marnot, "we are on the far side of the galaxy.  Jurai 
and the earth are but indistinguishable speck in the cosmos."

	"So why is a Juraian spirit stone out here in the middle of nowhere?" 
asked Tenchi.

	"The spirit stones possess a great power," answered Marnot.  "To protect 
them they were scattered across the galaxy.  In the wrong hands, they could 
destroy the universe."

	"Then why am I collecting them?" asked Tenchi.

	"It will all be revealed," said Marnot cryptically.  "The odyssey has been 
momentarily suspended, so I advise that the two of you get some rest.  You'll 
need it."  With that Marnot reverted to an animal form.

	"I thought you were a cat?" asked Ayeka.  

	"A jungle cat is not appropriate for a mountainous area.  Besides, I've 
always thought of myself as somewhat of a teddy bear."  Tenchi and Ayeka just 
watched as the bear lumbered away.

	"Where do you think he's going?" asked Ayeka.

	"No telling," said Tenchi.  "I think I saw some camping gear in the bag, 
so lets take this opportunity."  Ayeka nodded and began they began to make camp.


	"Is this boy of any count?" asked Baltus as Marnot came to his side.

	"He has the most amazing potential," answered Marnot as he retook his 
human form.  "There is something about him that I cannot place a finger on just 
yet, but he is amazing.  I have never seen a champion with a purer heart.  Now 
the princess."

	"She has a role yet to be played," said Baltus as they watched Tenchi and 
Ayeka make camp.

	"I shall keep this subspace pocket for a couple more hours so that they 
can rest," began Marnot.  "Then the odyssey will resume."

	"At no danger to the sacrifice I presume?"

	"As the humans say: 'this is off the clock,'" joked Marnot. 
	
	"Very well.  Take care my old friend," said Baltus as he faded from sight.  
Marnot nodded and reverted to his bear form.  

	"Now where can I find dinner," he mused lumbering off into the forest.  
"Tomorrow will be challenging."

To be continued.

Tenchi, Ayeka, and Marnot have left the good earth and the Odyssey continues in: 
Are You Ready to Rock? 

	

	  
