"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  "Ah! My Goddess" is also the property of 
Pioneer and AIC.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Seven: Buried Alive by William Nichols


	"Tenchi!" cried Ayeka as the creature stepped into sight.  

The beast resembled a Jurassic hold over.  Tenchi swallowed hard as he realized 
its three-meter height.  A low growl rumbled from its squared, fanged maw as it 
eyed its next meal.  A hooked talon adorned each foot and four talons protruded 
from each short arm: perfectly sized for shredding flesh and crushing bone.  A 
series of diamond shaped spikes protruded in twin rows from the base of its 
skull to the tip of its tail in a razor sharp 'V'.  The beasts fire red eyes 
narrowed in on Ayeka's palm light, and it let out an earsplitting roar.   

	"Ayeka," whispered Tenchi as the beast eyed them.  "Run for it."  Ayeka 
just stood there trembling.  "Did you hear me?" he asked.  "Ayeka!"  She nodded 
quietly and took a step back.  When she did the beast swung its head around to 
inches in front of her.  Its hot breath washed over her as it scented her.  To 
her credit Ayeka remained perfectly still.

	'What to do,' thought Tenchi.  Several incredibly heroic and equally 
stupid ideas came to mind before her settled on the least stupid of the lot.  
'Just maybe,' he concluded.  Tenchi slipped his hand down to the hilt of the 
master key and activated the blade.  It sparked to life with a crisp hum, 
creating the desired affect.  The creature spun around to face this new threat, 
giving Ayeka the chance to make her move.

	   "Come on!" he yelled.  The creature returned the verbal abuse with 
another earsplitting roar.  It took a tentative step towards Tenchi before it 
noticed Ayeka trying to escape.  Tenchi saw this as well and made a running leap 
at the beast.  Deciding that Tenchi was a greater threat at the moment than 
Ayeka, it returned its focus to him.  With blinding speed it knocked Tenchi out 
of the air.  He hit the wall and landed in a disheveled heap.

	"Real bright," he commented to himself as the creature stepped towards 
him.  "Come on!" he yelled again as he re-ignited Tenchi-ken.  The beast stood 
in its tracks for a moment and stared at Tenchi.  Every time Tenchi would take a 
step the creature would mirror it.

	'What is it doing?' thought Tenchi.  'It's toying with me,' he considered.  
Then Tenchi noticed something else.  He was completely opposite the exit where 
Ayeka was motioning for him.  'It's not toying with me,' he realized.  'It's got 
me right where it wants me: trapped.'  The creature seemed to be able to read 
Tenchi mind as is curled its lips in a wicked, scaly sneer.

	'Tenchi,' thought Ayeka.  She too realized what had just happened.  The 
creature had Tenchi cornered.  She had to do something and fast or Tenchi would 
be on today's menu.  And then she wouldn't have the chance to win him from 
Ryoko, if he really was Ryoko's.

	"Lord Tenchi!" she called out.  "Throw me the master key!"  Immediately 
the creature turned and charged Ayeka.  Tenchi sprinted around the side of the 
beast and hurled the master key to Ayeka.  She caught it and rolled to the side 
just as a set of razor sharp jaws sank into the spot where just was.  The beast 
thundered around just in time to see Ayeka enveloped in a purple flame.  From it 
she emerged with the blade of Tenchi-ken ignited and wearing her Juraian battle 
togs.  Tenchi took her lead and ran around to the other side of the creature.

	Hand outstretched, he formed the Light Hawk sword.  The beast glanced back 
to him just as Ayeka slashed it across the face.  It let out a frightful yell as 
it held a claw up to its injured eye.  It stumbled about for a second before it 
turned back towards Tenchi and Ayeka.

	"Nice moves," he complimented.

	"I learned from the best," she returned as she lowered the blade of the 
master key at the beast.  Tenchi let a smile slide across his face in return to 
Ayeka's smirk.  The creature finally returned its view to its troublesome 
dinner.  Its right eye had become milky white and a large crescent slash curved 
up its face.

	"I have an idea," said Tenchi.  "Follow my lead."  Ayeka nodded as they 
charged the beast.  Following its primal instincts the creature rushed towards 
them as well.  'I hope this works,' he added mentally.  The space between them 
and the creature was closing rapidly.  A few meters out Tenchi made his move.

	"Break!" yelled Tenchi as he rolled to the creatures left.  Sure enough 
the beast snapped at Tenchi leaving its blind side open to Ayeka.  With a howl 
she brought her blade across the creatures flank.  It stumbled for a second 
allowing Tenchi to pitch the Light Hawk sword towards it.  It pierced the 
creature's hind leg, toppling it.

	"Lets get out of here!" shouted Tenchi seizing the opportunity.  They made 
a mad dash for the closest way out of the beast's lair.  As they made it out 
Tenchi looked back to see the wounded creature stagger back to its feet.  It 
howled defiantly at its fleeing prey.  Ayeka stopped and looked back towards the 
lair.  She raised a hand and formed an energy bolt.  The beam of blue energy 
crackled from her fingertips and arched up to the top of the passageway.  It 
detonated causing an avalanche to seal off the area behind them.

	"Just in case," she panted.  Tenchi nodded and dissipated his Jurai power.  
When he did he fell to his knees, clutching his left shoulder.

	"Lord Tenchi!" 

	"I'm fine," he panted.  "I...just...pulled it again," he said as he tried 
to pop the joint back into place.   He winced as the joint popped audibly. 

	"Take this," said Ayeka holding a small blue pill.  Tenchi took it and 
knocked it back with a drink from a canteen.

	"Thanks," he sighed as he felt the pain killer take affect.

	"Leave it to Washu," laughed Ayeka while she zipped up the backpack.  
"There's a little bit of everything in there."  Tenchi chuckled slightly and 
rotated his shoulder.  

	"That should do for now," he said.  

	"Do you think that's what cut our line earlier Lord Tenchi?" asked Ayeka 
as she kept pace with Tenchi.

	"I doubt it," he replied.  "That thing was too primitive.  I guess it just 
lived here and we stumbled into its lair."  Tenchi stopped for a moment as a 
muffled roar echoed behind him.

	"Then someone else is in here with us," added Ayeka.  Tenchi nodded.  "We 
should keep our guard up.  Do you want the master key back?"

	"You'd better hang on to it for now," answered Tenchi.  "You handled it 
pretty well."

	"I was my brothers sparring partner long before he ever came to earth," 
remembered Ayeka.  "He taught me everything he knew, and on occasion I would get 
the better of him."

	"Then when we make it out of this I would like to duel with you Ayeka," 
whispered Tenchi.  His trademark blush began to creep across his face as he 
stopped to face Ayeka.

	"I would like that," she replied softly, returning his blush.  Slowly they 
moved closer.  Their hands met and Tenchi angled his head so that their lips 
could meet.  Just as they did Ayeka turned away.

	"What is it Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.  Ayeka just shook her head.

	"No," she said still shaking her head.  "This is not right and we know it.  
It would not be fair to Ryoko.  She sacrificed herself to save me," stammered 
Ayeka as she wiped a tear from her eye.  "I couldn't do that to you or her."

	"I'm sorry," said Tenchi in a low voice.  "It must be the pain killers," 
he added trying to lighten the situation.

	"Must be," commented Ayeka as she started down the corridor again.

	'What the hell were you thinking?' Tenchi scolded himself.  'Would you 
betray Ryoko like that?  Would one moment of passion be worth hurting her?'  
Tenchi shook his head.  'I promised I would never hurt again.  But haven't I 
already?'

	"Lord Tenchi," began Ayeka.

	"Yes Ayeka?"

	"Nothing," said Ayeka.  "We are all going to need to talk when this over 
with," she continued.

	"I know.  I just hope that we get out of this place alive."  Nothing else 
needed to be said.  Everything yet nothing was understood between them as they 
continued the search for the spirit stone.

***
     
  	"Will somebody get that!" yelled a certain white haired goddess.  Her 
favorite afternoon television program was on and she really didn't really want 
to answer the phone.  "Fine," she huffed as she floated down the hall.  "I'm 
coming just hold on!" she said as if the telephone would magically disappear.  
'Now that's a thought,' she began, but decided against it.

	"Morisato residence," she answered.

	"Hello Urd," came Washu's voice from the other end of the line.

	"Miss Washu!" exclaimed Urd.  "It's been forever! How are you doing?"

	"Oh about as well as can be expected," replied Washu.

	"I was so happy to hear you and Ryoko escaped from Kagato," said Urd.  "It 
nearly broke my heart when I heard what had happened to my favorite teacher."

	"Listen Urd," started Washu.  "I'd love to catch up on old times but I 
need a favor from you."

	"Any thing miss Washu."

	"Can you make it to Okayama on a moments notice?"

	"Easily," replied Urd.  "Miss Washu, is something the matter?"

	"I'll explain when you get here.

	"Do you need me now?" inquired Urd who was becoming very concerned.

	"No, but be ready when I call back.  Take care Urd."

	"You too miss Washu."  With that line went silent.  'What could be the 
matter,' thought Urd.  'There's more too this than what she's telling me.'


	"I knew I could count on Urd," said Washu as she hung up the phone.  She 
pushed it aside and it disappeared into a subspace pocket.  She returned to her 
computer and finished off the document she was working on.

	"That was too easy," she chuckled as he hit the enter key.  Instantly 
false credentials were sent to the Galaxy Academy.  Simultaneously new orders 
were logged at the Galaxy Police headquarters.

	"Now Kiyone and Mihoshi shouldn't have any problems," she said with a 
wicked grin.

	"I hope that it doesn't come to this," scowled Katsuhito.

	"How did you get in here?" asked a very surprised Washu.   This question 
was usually reserved for Mihoshi who seemed to have the innate ability to avoid 
every sensor system known to man.  

	"Its easy enough," he replied.  "What you are contemplating is very 
dangerous miss Washu."

	"I know and I'm prepared to take the risk," she quipped defiantly. 

	"But are the others?"

	"I won't do this unless they agree fully," she promised.  "Otherwise it 
would invalidate it."  Katsuhito sighed.  He knew that once Washu set her mind 
to something it took an act of the gods to stop her.  The fact that she was a 
god did not make the chance of that happening very likely either.

	"Very well," said Katsuhito solemnly.  "Just be careful."

	"There's times when careful doesn't cut it Lord Katsuhito," replied Washu 
as she watched Katsuhito leave the lab.  After he was gone she sat in the 
silence for a moment.  The only noise apart from her computer was the hum of 
Ryoko's stasis field.  She had resigned herself to the fact that however 
dangerous this may be it would be worth it to save her daughter and everyone 
else she loved.  She turned back to her monitor.  The chronometer read: 10: 20: 
57: 11.  The master keys signature had yet to reappear signaling that Tenchi and 
Ayeka had made it out of the sanctuary.

	"Be well," she prayed to whom ever may be listening.

***

	"This is not good," said Tenchi as they came to a dead end.  Ayeka shined 
her light around looking for any form of a break in the wall or indication of a 
hidden passage.  Unfortunately the wall was a solid slab.
 
	"Look," said Ayeka as she shined her palm light onto a series of glyphs 
etched into the wall.  Tenchi cleared some cobwebs away to reveal the full 
extent of the script.

	"Lets see what it says," he began as he scanned the writing with the orb.  
After a moment of processing it displayed the translation. The first part read:

	To enter the realm of stone bring light to where there is none
	
	"We've seen that before," remarked Ayeka.  A second later the next part 
was displayed.

	To brave the realm of stone be firm as stone

	"That's helpful," commented Tenchi as the third segment was presented.

	To gain the spirit of stone soften that which is stone 

	"I'm sure there is a philosophical meaning to all of this," said Ayeka as 
she tried to decipher the messages.

	"Its all allegorical," said Tenchi.  "To enter the sanctuary we had to 
bring light to that sanctuary"

	"Right."

	"The second part says to be brave and face the challenges that lay ahead."

	"And the third?" asked Ayeka who was beginning to see where Tenchi was 
going with this.

	"Not a clue," he remarked nonchalantly.  Ayeka nearly fell flat on her 
face.

	"So much for philosophy and allegory," she laughed.

	"Hey, I'm only an apprentice to a shrine keeper," he poked back. 

	"Then I must scold my brother for not training you properly," retorted 
Ayeka doing her best to keep a straight face.  But it was to no avail.  Together 
they broke down into hysterics.  After a moment Tenchi finally regained enough 
composure to talk again.

	"If I haven't said it lately," he began, "thank you for coming with me on 
this odyssey, Ayeka."  Ayeka wiped the tears from her eyes and smiled back at 
him.

	"I would gladly walk through hell and back if you asked me to, Tenchi," 
she said warmly.

	"I think we have already," replied Tenchi.  All of a sudden the third 
message flashed before his eyes again:

	To gain the spirit of stone soften that which is stone

	"Lord Tenchi?" asked Ayeka as his eyes glassed over.  "Tenchi!  Tenchi!" 
she called frantically.

	"Soften that which is stone," he said as if a ray of enlightenment had 
just shined down from the heavens on him, and in a way it had.

	"That's what the message said," replied Ayeka.  "But what does it mean?"

	"What's the hardest thing in the universe Ayeka?"

	"I don't know.  Diamonds, something Washu cooked up?"  By now Ayeka was 
thoroughly confused.

	"The human heart," replied Tenchi.  It took that revelation a moment to 
sink in for Ayeka.  "Don't you see," began Tenchi as he swept an arm around the 
room.  "We've been taking all of this too literally. Think of it terms of what 
we know about this odyssey," he said.

	"I'm not sure I follow," answered Ayeka.

	"It's what a champion should be," revealed Tenchi.  "Someone to bring 
light to a dark situation.  Some one who is brave and willing to face what ever 
it takes to bring that light."

	"And be compassionate towards others," finished Ayeka as she too saw the 
light.  Tenchi smiled and nodded.

	"Well done young champion," came a powerful voice from behind them.  
Immediately Tenchi and Ayeka spun around and took defensive stances towards 
whoever had spoken.

  	"There is no need for that, I assure you," said a tall slender man as he 
stepped out of the darkness.

	"Who are you?" asked Tenchi.  

	"I am just the guardian that inhabits this sanctuary.  If you must, call 
me Golar," he said extending a hand to Tenchi.  Tentatively Tenchi returned the 
gesture.  Ayeka gasped slightly when Golar clasp both hands around Tenchi's.
  
	"The Elder have chosen wisely," he said as he held Tenchi's hand.  "You 
have a fine spirit young champion.  I just wish you had been a little moregentle 
with my pet Gotha," he laughed.

	"It thought we were dinner," said Ayeka curtly.

	"So he was hungry," chuckled Golar.  "Don't worry.  He'll be fine."
	
	"I am so relieved," said Ayeka as she rolled her eyes towards the ceiling.

	"As I was saying," began Golar as he cleared his throat.  "An odyssey is 
not always about facing physical challenges and peril.  It is true that a 
champion must be strong of heart and body, but strength alone a champion does 
not make.  Take stone for an example.  It supports our very foundations.  Yet it 
can be rough hewn or polished to magnificence.  So must be the spirit of a 
champion.  You are the bringer of light.  You are the foundation upon which much 
good will be done. And," he said looking towards Ayeka, "you have a charitable 
spirit.  That will take you farther than any act of physical strength." 

	"I am beginning to understand this odyssey," replied Tenchi as Golar 
grinned warmly.

	"Just do not betray yourself young champion," he warned.  "Before your 
ordeal is over you will be faced with that possibility."

	"How will I know it?" asked Tenchi.

	"When the time comes," said Golar, "you shall.  Now take this as proof of 
mastering the spirit of stone."  From his chest a bright light began to 
coalesce.  It focused down into a point of light before it floated towards 
Tenchi.  Tenchi cupped his hands and closed them around the ball of light.  When 
he opened them the light cooled into a small emerald.

	"Be well, young champion," said Kolor as he faded back into the darkness.  
Tenchi nodded in gratitude and placed the spirit stone in its appropriate place 
on the medallion.

	"I am beginning to understand as well," said Ayeka as she slipped a hand 
into Tenchi's.  He gave it a squeeze as the now familiar ring of light formed at 
their feet.

	"Here we go," said Tenchi as the light enveloped them.

***

	"I see that you made out of with skin intact," said Marnot as Tenchi and 
Ayeka emerged from the ring of light.

	"That we did," replied Ayeka.

	"I take it that you met Golar," added Marnot as he saw the emerald on the 
medallion.

	"Yes," replied Tenchi.  "And he gave me more than the spirit stone."

	"And what would that be," quizzed Marnot.

	"The understanding of how to soften stone," said Tenchi as he shot a quick 
smile towards Ayeka.

	"Very good young champion.  You are beginning to understand the true 
meaning of this odyssey."

	"I may be," said Tenchi.  He walked to the edge of the plateau and looked 
out across the snow-capped range.  'I love you Ryoko,' he thought being true to 
his feelings, 'More than life itself.'  A crisp breeze whirled around his pants 
leg as the binary sun of Sigil VII began to set behind the range.   'And I love 
you as well Ayeka," he added.  'Please, give me strength.'
	
	"Shall we be on our way?" asked Marnot.  Tenchi nodded and took his place 
next the guardian and Ayeka.  Once again they were transported off of Sigil VII, 
leaving the quiet planet as it had been for eons before.  

***

	A low beep broke the silence in Washu's lab.  Before any one could say 
anything the alarm ended and the signature of the master key faded off the 
screen.

	"Did they make it?" asked Sasami as Washu tried to reacquire the 
signature.  

	"I believe so," replied Washu.  She tried to keep pacee with Tenchi-ken's 
signature but it was traveling faster than she could track.  "That's two down," 
she added.  The chronometer read 09: 23: 59: 34 as Washu logged the data file.  
Time was running out.  They should still make it she figured, but it was going 
to be tight.


The Odyssey shall continue in the Mihokiyo Side Story.

 
