"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  "Ah! My Goddess!" is also the property of 
Pioneer.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.
Tenchi Muyo!
-Odyssey-
Chapter Thirty-three
All Good Things...by William Nichols


	Tenchi awoke to the feeling of someone playing with the slight stubble on 
the side if his face.  A hushed giggle instantly gave away the identity of the 
suspected culprit.  Just a few short weeks ago such an awaking would have sent 
him through the roof in a semi-alarmed tirade at that suspected culprit.  Tenchi 
smiled.  Now that suspected culprit was sharing his bed with him.  "Are you 
awake?" Ryoko purred softly into his ear.

	"I am now," Tenchi said with a hint of feigned annoyance in his voice.

	"Good," Ryoko purred before she kissed his cheek.  "But I was enjoying 
watching you sleep."  

	Tenchi shifted his body around to where he was facing his smiling love.  
"You still do that?" he asked somewhat surprised.

	"Yeah," Ryoko said, her finger tracing the outline of his jaw.  "I feel at 
peace when I know you're safe, my Tenchi."  

	"I feel at peace with you just being here," Tenchi said as he drew Ryoko 
into a good morning kiss.  "And I'll never let anything happen to you again."

	"I know," Ryoko said contently.  Her Tenchi had matured so much over the 
ordeal that was the Odyssey.  A shy, almost reclusive boy had walked thru the 
door of the Odyssey, but he did not come back.  From her perch in the nether 
realm Ryoko watched an unsure young man fight across alien worlds and celestial 
temples to save her.  And when the young man returned from that final temple, 
his own demons vanquished, he was no longer a shy, almost reclusive young man.  
He was a man in every right now.  Of course it did take a little prodding from 
her mother to carry out Ryoko's fairytale awakening, but she had been planning 
that moment for the better part of two weeks.  And what an awakening it was, 
Ryoko thought.

	"Huh?" Tenchi muttered as he sensed a feeling of cold from Ryoko across 
their burgeoning empathic bond.  But a second later it was replaced by the 
warmth of her love that he come to find so comforting in the past few days.

	"Just remembering," Ryoko said softly.   "I would have given anything to 
be by your side during that mess," she said honestly.  

	"You were," Tenchi replied, taking her hand and drawing it close to his 
heart as he did so.  "You were with me every second of the way."

	He's wide open now...Ryoko thought mischievously.  "Even when Ayeka had 
you where she wanted you back on that one planet?" she asked with a hint of 
uncertainty and hurt in her voice.  How will he handle this one?

	"Whose name did I say when I got that lump on the side of my head?" he 
playfully shot back as those embarrassing memories flooded back to him.  How 
could I have been that dumb!  I deserved that lump on my head, the slap from 
Sasami, and a whole lot more!  "I screwed up big.  All I can do is apologize 
again and promise my heart to you."

	"You are forgiven," Ryoko said lightly as she leaned forward to kiss him 
on the lips.  "Just don't ever let it happen again," she said in all 
earnestness, showing a hint of fang.  

 	Tenchi nodded.  "I am yours: heart, mind, and soul," Tenchi said pressing 
her hand to his heart again.

	"Stay that way," Ryoko cooed.  "I wouldn't have you any other way."  A 
quiet moment passed between them.  Nothing else needed to be said.  The both of 
them just lay there.  The warmth emanating from their empathic bond was enough 
to know that what had been said, was meant.  

	This new level of bonding had appeared after their return from Aescheron's 
citadel.  Much to their surprise the morning after their 'victory celebration,' 
they awoke to each other's emotions.  After a quick exam from a still red-faced 
Washu, she had two announcements for them.  The bond was the first one, and she 
predicted that over time it would grow into a full-blown mental link.

	The other announcement was that their powers were dissipating.  Washu's 
models showed that over a similar period of time their powers would slowly fade 
away.  Even the ones Ryoko had been born with.  They would be normal.  After a 
brief moment of shock that the both of them shared over the fledgling link, 
Ryoko threw herself onto Tenchi in tears.  When Washu and Tenchi had finally 
calmed her enough to speak, Ryoko told them that this did not sadden her.  Ever 
since she first saw Tenchi as a child, all she wanted was to have a normal life 
with him.  Finally, Ryoko had been granted her wish.

	"I'm cold," Ryoko, said snuggling a little closer to Tenchi.  This was the 
one downside to the loss of her powers, but Tenchi knew this as well.   Ryoko 
purred happily as Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and she snuggled up to his 
chest.  "Much better," she said happily.
	
	"We'll have to get out of bed sometime," Tenchi said forlornly.  Truth be 
known, he wanted to stay just as he was forever.  

	"But your so warm," Ryoko replied.  "And it's so-o-o-o-o cold out side."

	"I know," Tenchi sighed.  "But we don't want Dad or your Mom coming to 
wake us up like they did the other day."
Ryoko winced as the memories of Nobuyuki and Washu bursting into the bedroom 
with loaded camcorders as she and Tenchi were sharing a moment.  "I still 
haven't found all those tapes yet," she sighed.

	"We'll get them," Tenchi said with a chuckle.  He just hoped that the 
remainders didn't get distributed around the galaxy.  "But I'm more worried 
about what grandpa will do if I don't finish getting the shrine back in one 
piece."

	"I knew that he'd be pissed when he saw that mess," Ryoko said.
	
	"Yeah, but we're going to leave the painting for Ayeka and Marnot when 
they return from Jurai."
	
"I miss them," Ryoko sighed.  I must be going soft!  Did I just say that I miss 
Ayeka?

	"We all do," Tenchi said, pulling Ryoko closer to him as he felt the 
sensation of worry across the bond.  "But it's better that they go see their 
parents than they come here."  Ryoko sighed into his chest.  "Remember what 
happened last time the royal family showed up here?"

	"How can I forget," Ryoko whined.  "If I had to say: 'I'm sorry pretty 
young lady' one more time, I think that I would've barfed!"

	"Misaki's not that bad," Tenchi laughed.
	
	"Listen bub," Ryoko playfully growled, "you weren't the one she mistook 
for Sasami, or redecorated the walls with!"

	"I see your point, but we still have to get up sometime this morning," 
Tenchi prodded.

	"You go," Ryoko said, rolling over and wrapping up in the blankets.  "It's 
too cold out there and I refuse.  Nope.  No way.  No how."
This will get her up, Tenchi thought.  "Fine.  Suit yourself, but I was headed 
to the Onsen," he said as he swung his feet off the bed.  "And since you wanna 
sleep in, I don't guess you'd care to join me."

	Damn he's good! Ryoko cursed inwardly.  "I coming," she said peeling the 
covers away to reveal what little she had been sleeping in.  Tenchi's face 
reddened a bit when he saw the portion of Ryoko's legs that the black tee shirt 
did not cover.  "I think I can manage one last teleport," Ryoko said, placing an 
arm around Tenchi.

	"Are you sure?  I don't want you to hurt yourself," Tenchi said in all 
honesty.
	
	"I'm not normal yet," she playfully jabbed back.  "But I'm getting there."  
With a smile, Ryoko scrunched her face in concentration and the two of them 
blinked out of Tenchi's room for the final time.

* * *

	"We're almost finished," Katsuhito said as he sipped a steaming cup of 
tea.  For the better part of the day Tenchi had been repairing the outer wall of 
the shrine office that he and Aescheron had destroyed in their duel.  One more 
board nailed in place and the demolished wall would be as good as new.

	"What's this 'we' stuff?" Tenchi mumbled under his breath as he drove the 
final nails.

	"I am with you in spirit my son," Katsuhito said after another sip from 
his tea.  "And at times the spirit can be stronger than the body."  
Tenchi cringed.  How does he always do that?  "Yes sensei," Tenchi apologized.  
The last nail driven, he wiped his brow with his forearm and stepped back to 
admire his handy work.  "That should do it," Tenchi said.
Katsuhito rose from his perch atop the low steps that led to the portico and 
inspected his grandson's handy work.  Tenchi watched nervously as the elder 
Masaki eyed the patched work suspiciously. After giving the boards a few good 
wraps, Katsuhito nodded.  "This will do nicely."

	"Many thanks," Tenchi said while bowing reverently to his grandfather.  

	"Your words honor me."

	"Your actions have honored your family name," Katsuhito said placing a 
hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  "You have redeemed an old mans folly."
	"You really wanted to be champion?" Tenchi asked of his grandfather as he 
was ushered inside.

	"At one point in my life I did," Katsuhito spoke, with an air of remorse 
in his voice.  "But unlike you I was arrogant and brash.  I wanted to be 
champion for personal gain and glory.  I could see it so clearly in my mind.  If 
I became the fabled champion the people would put aside their prejudices and 
accept me as their rightful heir.   And I was willing to do anything to achieve 
that misbegotten goal."
	
	Tenchi nodded.  "Ayeka was your sacrifice, was she not?" he asked out of 
the blue.

	Katsuhito sighed.  "As I said, it was the folly of youth.  I could not see 
the love she had for me beyond that one has for a beloved sibling.  And in 
punishment I have to live with that knowledge for the rest of my days."

	Tenchi nodded as a cup of steaming tea was passed to him.  "I'd say it all 
worked out in the end," he said puffing the wisps of steam away from his 
beverage.  "Who knows what might of happened if things had not happened the way 
they did.  Everything has a purpose."

	"You are wise beyond your years," Katsuhito said fondly.  "You will make 
an excellent shrine keeper."
	
	"That's all I want," Tenchi agreed.  "A quiet existence for me and Ryoko." 
Katsuhito laughed and shook his head.  "What?" asked a somewhat perplexed 
Tenchi.

	"Young love," Katsuhito chuckled with a gleam in his eye that hinted to 
past experiences.  "And to think a month ago such an open show of affection from 
you was as alien as the women who share our home."

	"I wasn't that bad," Tenchi asked in disbelief.  "Was I?"  Surely I 
wasn't, was I?

	"Yes.  You were," Katsuhito laughed.  "Your father and I were beginning to 
wonder if you would ever show any affection towards Ryoko or not."

	"That obvious huh?"  Could everyone see it but me?

	"You were a child then, but all things change.  And all things have a 
reason."

	Tenchi sighed.  "Even the loss of my Jurai power?"

	"Yes.  But I would not worry," Katsuhito comforted.  "Everything serves a 
purpose, remember?"

	"I can barely ignite the master key now," Tenchi continued.  "And I 
haven't been able to form the Lighthawk wings for about a week."

	"Such things are not necessary in everyday life," Katsuhito said calmly.  
"I suspect that if you truly needed them, they would have been left to you."

	"But I can't help thinking about what happened to my mother when she lost 
her Jurai power," Tenchi said with a tremor to his voice.  "I don't want to 
leave Ryoko like mom left us."

	"As I said," Katsuhito said, placing a hand on Tenchi's shoulder, "I would 
not worry.  You have three deities and the Elder watching over you.  I suspect 
that your lives will be long and prosperous."

	"Thanks grandpa," Tenchi said with a lopsided smile.  "I just want 
everyone to be proud of me.  I don't want to let anyone down."

	"I know my daughter is so proud of you right now."  Tenchi pulled back to 
look into his grandfathers maroon eyes.  "Because I am."

* * *

	"Come in Little Ryoko," Washu said in answer to the wrap on the trans-
dimensional door to her lab.  Ryoko took a deep breath and hesitantly entered 
the lab.  The two weeks she spent in stasis in there was more than enough time 
in her book.  "I'm over here," Washu called out.  Ryoko squinted in the dim 
light.  Finally she saw the illuminated area where Washu's workstation was 
located.  "Come to visit your poor mother?" Washu playfully jabbed.  "I'm 
honored."

	"Very funny mom," Ryoko growled.

	"Well I am," Washu said drawing her daughter in to a bear hug.  "Usually 
Tenchi is the only one who gets to spend any quality time with you these days."

	"I'm closing off our link!" Ryoko protested as Washu clasped her hands 
under her chin and batted her eyelashes.

	"And I'm thankful for that," Washu laughed.  "There are some things that a 
mother should never have to see their daughter doing."

	"You were the one who came snooping," Ryoko defended.  "Besides," she 
countered, "who had the video camera the other morning?"
	
	"Who left their end of the link open?" Washu said.  Ryoko stuck her tongue 
out at Washu.  "Now, now, Little Ryoko. Speaking of links, how's your and 
Tenchi's developing?"

	"It's still pretty much empathic right now," Ryoko said as she poked at 
one of Washu's experiments.  It was a green gelatinous mass with what seemed to 
be a mouth at one end.  "I hope that it turns into a full blown link one day."  
Ryoko jerked her hand back as the experiment tried to bite her.

	"Don't provoke it dearie," Washu warned, "I haven't developed an anti-
venom yet."  Ryoko carefully backed away as the mass settled back into its 
specimen dish.   "I expect that in a few months that you two will share a full 
link.  Also, how are you doing?"

	Ryoko blinked a few times before she realized Washu's question.  "Oh," she 
gasped.  "I'm doing fine, I guess.  Flying is becoming really difficult and I 
think I teleported for the last time today."

	Washu "uh-huh-ed" as she made note of what Ryoko was saying in her 
logbook. "Anything else?"

	"It's cold out side," Ryoko added, hugging herself.
	
	Washu looked her up and down.  How anybody could be cold when they were 
wearing a wool sweater and blue jeans was beyond her.  But then again, until now 
Ryoko had been impervious to the elements.  "Your system will stabilize soon, I 
promise," Washu said as she waved a beeping, glowing green wand over Ryoko's 
head that seemed to appear from nowhere.

	"Stop that," Ryoko hissed as she batted the wand away.  

	"Just checking," Washu said as she tossed the wand over her shoulder.  A 
little black hole opened up and swallowed the wand before it hit the floor.  "I 
suspect the two of you will be just fine."

	"Any better ideas as to why this happened?" Ryoko asked as the gelatin 
creature shifted in its dish, prompting the former pirate to scoot even further 
away.

	"Near as I can tell," Washu began, placing a lid on the specimen dish, 
"It's similar to what happened to Lady Achika.  The two of you funneled so much 
energy to turn back what Aescheron had set into motion.  Add in the Elder 
removing their essence from Tenchi and your power devolved back to us, and you 
get a pretty good idea of what happened.  But I suspect the biggest clue is that 
when the Elder told Tenchi that the two of you would live your lives in peace."

	"Kinda like a reward for dragging your tails out of the fire, huh?" Ryoko 
said with a half-hearted smirk.

	"You could look at it like that," Washu said as she typed a few commands 
on her holo-computer.  "For saving the universe the two of you get to live out 
semi-normal lives.  It's better than the alternatives."      

	"That's another thing," Ryoko said slowly as she studied one of the tiles 
of the lab floor.  Well, it's now or never.  I have to know just to ease my 
mind.  

	"Go on," Washu prodded.  I think I have an inkling as to what could be 
bothering her...

	"This loss of powers thing," Ryoko stammered.  "It's fine by me and all, 
it just that, just that..."

	"Just what dear?"

	"I'm worried," Ryoko spat out.  "I'm worried that..."

	"Take your time," Washu said as Ryoko fought back her emotions.

	Damned Zero... "Will I outlive Tenchi?" Ryoko blurted, as the first tears 
streaked her face.  "I don't want him to grow old while I stay the same...I knew 
that with his Jurai power he would live just about forever...but now..." 

	Washu sighed as violent sobs wracked her daughter.  Okay, maybe I was 
wrong about she wanted to talk about... "I wouldn't worry," Washu comforted as 
she drew Ryoko close to her.  

	"Easy for you to say," Ryoko sniffed.  "You're a goddess..."

	"That's why I say don't worry," Washu said quietly, as she rocked Ryoko 
back and forth.  "The two of you will have a long and happy life.  I promise."

	"Thanks, Mom," Ryoko said as her fears dissipated.  "All I want is for 
Tenchi to be happy."

	"I think Tenchi should be finished at the shrine now," Washu said as she 
wiped the final tears from her daughter's eyes.  "Go to him."

	"You do know I love you," Ryoko said softly as Washu summoned a doorway 
for her.  "Don't you?"

	"I love you to," Washu said as Ryoko slipped out of the lab.  For the 
longest afterward the former goddess returned to being a scientist just sat 
there and basked in the pride she felt for her daughter.

***

	"So there you are," Ryoko said as she came upon Tenchi.  He was sitting on 
a boulder overlooking the house.  Ryoko knew this place all too well.  This was 
the small clearing that the family gravesite occupied.  Tenchi's ancestors going 
back seven hundred years rested here.  And this was also the resting place for 
someone else as well.  Across from Achika's grave the ground still showed the 
signs of its resent disturbance.  A small stone slab marked the head of the 
grave.  And it was across from this marker that Tenchi sat.

	"Just thinking," Tenchi said, his breath hanging in the chilled air.  

	"We seem to be doing that a lot lately," said Ryoko as she took a seat 
next to Tenchi.  A smile etched her face as she felt the warmth of his love come 
across empathically.  

	"I wish we could have saved him," Tenchi said, nodding towards Aescheron's 
grave.  "A life is a precious thing.  Even when it is one that has not always 
followed the right path."

	"You're sounding like the old man more and more," Ryoko chuckled as she 
nuzzled up to Tenchi.  He gladly wrapped an arm around her and drew her near.

	"Is that so bad?" he asked, resting his chin on the top of her head.

	"Not really," Ryoko admitted.  "I got a call from Urd today," she 
continued.  "She wants all of to come visit her when Ayeka and the others get 
back."
	"That sounds nice," Tenchi said contently.  The feeling he was getting 
across his end of the bond was more than enough to make him forget about the 
chilly clime around him.

	"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" Ryoko asked with a giggle.  Her end of 
the bond was revealing to her that Tenchi felt just as she did at the moment.

	"Like I said," Tenchi softly spoke, "I feel at peace when you're at my 
side."  
	
"Do you really think we will have peace now?" Ryoko asked, seemingly reading 
Tenchi's thoughts. 

	  "I hope," Tenchi said in all earnestness.  "You know," he began, as he 
shifted around to look Ryoko in the eyes.  "The Odyssey isn't really over."  
Ryoko blinked a few times and before she could say anything in response, Tenchi 
continued.  "The Odyssey never really ends.   Each day we live is an Odyssey in 
its own right.  Whether it's learning to live with out teleporting or saving the 
universe; the same premise holds true."

	"And what premise would that be?" Ryoko playfully asked.

	"Be grateful for what you have," Tenchi answered.  "Do not shun compassion 
and live each day to it's fullest."

	"Does that include being grateful for ex-space pirates?" Ryoko asked in a 
mock pout.

	"Especially ex-space pirates," Tenchi said softly before drawing her into 
a passionate kiss.  The two champions sat there in their embrace for the 
longest, enjoying the warmth of one-another and remembering that each day is its 
own Odyssey. 

* * *

	Outside a pair of intricately carved marble doors a lone figure stands 
guard.  The radiant light filtering in through the myriad of arched windows 
glinted off of his obsidian armor and helm.  His hands rest on the pommel and 
hilt of a large, ornate broad sword.  Time is meaningless to this being.  It is 
his sacred duty as emissary to guard the Shrine of Ages and it's hall of heroes.  

	Every once in a while during his lone vigil his gaze shifts to a formerly 
empty spot.  Now filling this vacancy was a bronze statue of the pair who had 
turned back the darkness.  Standing atop a small outcropping of rock the 
champion holds his sword aloft while his sacrifice and fellow champion reclined 
by his side, her arm wrapped around his waist.  Ignatius Baltus nodded once more 
in acknowledgement of their deed as the light shimmered on the Champions armor.

	"I knew he would make a fine champion," Baltus said quietly to himself 
before returning to his age-old duty.   "A fine champion indeed."

-The End-


Stick around for a letter from me to all of you!
 
 	
