"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Nineteen: Into the Flames by William Nichols
 

	The night wind was cool and pleasant on the planet Tenchi Masaki had been 
cast upon this time along with the princess Ayeka and the guardian spirit 
Marnot.  This little speck of blue and green located somewhere out in the vast 
cosmos was very similar to the earth and Jurai.  Its main difference was that it 
its days were shorter than the earths by almost a third.  This had worried 
Tenchi at first, but Marnot reassured him that such periods of rest would not be 
held against him and the Odyssey.  What good is a champion who cannot retrieve a 
spirit stone due to lack of sleep?  Not much in the grand scheme of things.

	As the tall grass waved around them Marnot kindled a small fire.  It had 
taken Tenchi and Ayeka over an hour to find enough wood to burn out here on the 
open steppes but they had.  By the time they got back Marnot had returned from 
his hunt and had dressed the small antelope like creature they were cooking for 
dinner.

	"I hope this is enough wood," said Tenchi as he helped Marnot fix a 
rotisserie spit.

	"It should do," the guardian spirit said as he stepped back to admire his 
handy work.  "Night should last for at least nine hours or so."  The final rays 
of the planets red sun had slipped beneath the horizon.  In its place an 
unobstructed star field rose into the night sky.  The purple hues of the Milky 
Way stretched across the night sky like a swath of vibrant clothe.  The planets 
twin moons had risen and reflected their silver-green light down on the lonely 
steppe.  One was nearly full while the other was almost new, a vivid contrast in 
the night sky.

	"This is spectacular," commented a wonder struck Ayeka as a meteor flashed 
across the darkened sky.  It's fiery green demise stretched almost to the 
horizon before it passed from view.  The view of the unobstructed night sky was 
incomparable to anything on earth or Jurai. 

	"You should see the fire rocks of Jerok 'Nor," began Marnot.  "Five 
Odyssey's ago the spirit of light resided on that desolate little planet," he 
laughed.  "But the view of the heavens was tremendous, unlike any I had seen 
before or since.  Every night the sky is streaked by thousands of meteors.  
Natures fireworks."

	"That sounds wonderful," Ayeka said as she fixed a place to sit down 
across form the guardian spirit.  "Maybe one day I will be fortunate enough to 
see them for myself."

	"Maybe so," commented Marnot.  For his part Tenchi just looked back and 
forth between Ayeka and Marnot.  He wasn't sure but he thought he saw some sort 
of connection between the two, but he could not place a finger on it just yet.  
Maybe it was his imagination.

	"What can we expect in this sanctuary?" asked Tenchi as he poked at a few 
embers with a stick.

	"I can not say with any definition," began Marnot as he checked on dinner, 
" since I am not allowed to accompany the champion except for mitigating 
circumstances.  But usually champions come out of this leg of the Odyssey a 
little worse for wear, as you would say."  This was not what Tenchi was looking 
for.  After the last ordeal he hoped that it might be downhill from here.  But 
that would be too easy, and if there is anything he had learned since his 
'carnival' began nothing is as easy as it seams. 

	All of that seemed so long ago.  Opening the cave, freeing Ryoko, and 
Ayeka's arrival: all of that was like a distant memory compared to what he had 
experienced since that fateful summer day.  And here he is sitting on a desolate 
steppe on a planet that he wasn't even sure was still in the same galaxy as 
earth.  And to top it all off these 'Elder' had chosen him to be their champion.

	"Marnot," began Tenchi.  The guardian broke away from his chitchat with 
Ayeka and cast an inquiring gaze towards Tenchi.

	"Yes young champion?"

	"Could you tell us about the Elder?  I mean from day one I have accepted 
their choice and kept my questions to myself, but I want to know more about 
them."

	"I would like to know as well," commented Ayeka.  "Until a few days ago I 
thought that the Elder were just a story mothers told little kids to scare 
them," laughed Ayeka remembering all the times Misaki had held the mythological 
beings over her young head.  

	Marnot bit his bottom lip as if searching for a kind way to refuse their 
request, but after a second or two he nodded.  "I will tell you what I am 
allowed."

	"What you are allowed?" Tenchi asked.

	"Yes young champion," Marnot said as he made sure their dinner was cooking 
properly.  "Something's are not meant for mortal ears."

	"I will have to live with that," said Tenchi as he made himself 
comfortable.  He shot a glance over to Ayeka who nodded in agreement.  She 
wanted to know about the Elder as much as Tenchi did.

	"When the universe was young they were already old," began Marnot as he 
settled down into his storyteller mode.


***


	Across the steppe the same pair of eyes were watching the group of 
travelers.  It too heard Marnot begin his tale, but it mattered little to this 
one.  He knew it already.  It knew the Elder were ancient semi-omnipotent 
beings, but they possessed one fatal weakness, and its master knew how to 
exploit that weakness.  The problem was that at this point it was too weak 
itself to carry out its malevolent intentions, but before this Odyssey was over 
it would be ready.  And this time it no trinity or champion would oppose it.


***


	As Marnot spun his tale Tenchi and Ayeka listened in wide-eyed awe.  The 
Elder were described as the root of all mythologies.  From them all lower 
deities sprang forth, and so on and so forth.  They were the originators of all 
and will be the end of all.  But through the story Tenchi began to notice gaping 
holes, portioned deliberately left out.... His only consolation was the preface 
that some of it was not for mortal ears.

	Most striking was Marnot's somewhat cryptic description of the Elder 
themselves.  They were numerous, but only a handful ever took it upon them to 
watch over the universe of man.  For the majority of the Elder the physical 
plain was too menial.  Higher plains and dimensions offer far more than all the 
life in the universe.  But still they have a predisposition to watch over their 
creations, both physical and multi-dimensional.

	"So what do the elder look like?" Ayeka inquired.  Tenchi had noticed that 
her eyes had not left Marnot's since his tale began.

	"What do they not look like?" replied Marnot.  "The Elder are all things 
to all peoples."

	"If the Elder are so powerful why do they need a champion?" Tenchi asked 
hoping to pin Marnot to one point.
   	   
	"If they were to enter this plain their radiance would wipe all from 
existence," said Marnot before he took a bite of his dinner.  "It is far easier 
to infuse some of their power to a mortal champion than for them to walk this 
plain."

	"I am beginning to understand," said Tenchi.  "I still have a lot of 
questions though."

	"All will be answered in due time young champion," Marnot began as he 
stood up and stretched.  "Rest well. I need to find...a friend."

	"Baltus?" asked Ayeka with an unhidden hint of disdain in her voice.

	"Yes," replied Marnot dryly.  "I must report to him."

	"Be well, Marnot," Ayeka wished as the guardian spirit assumed his 
familiar form of a large raptor and took flight.

	"What was that about?" Asked Tenchi once Marnot was out of sight.

	"I was just being polite," replied Ayeka.

	"It sounds like you-

	"It sounds like I what?" interjected Ayeka sharply.  She was doing her 
best to hide the fact that her heart was in the bottom of her stomach right now.  
All she needed was for Tenchi to...
	
	"That you don't like Baltus," he finished somewhat slowly.

	"He made a comment I did not care for," replied Ayeka somewhat relieved.

	"Well," began Tenchi as he cut another piece of meat, "he's not high on my 
favorite list either."  Now that was the truth.  Tenchi personally wanted to 
kill Baltus where he stood for what he did to Ryoko.  But that was another 
matter.

	"Lord Tenchi," began Ayeka.  "I want to know something."

	"Yes," replied Tenchi.

	"If Baltus had never come and began this Odyssey, when would you have 
revealed your feelings?"  Tenchi bit his lip as Ayeka watched him carefully.  
She still hoped that there might be a hint of his heart that could be reserved 
for her.  But after the incident on Tyran Prime she was not going to be so 
blatant.

	"It would have been soon," admitted Tenchi.  "Probably before the semester 
break was over."

	"A Christmas present so to speak," commented Ayeka.

	"If you wish to call it that."

	"Lord Tenchi?"

	"Yes?"
	
	"I will not stand in your way.  If Ryoko is your hearts love, I give you 
my consent as the first princess of planet Jurai."  Tenchi sat there completely 
flabbergasted.  This was more than he had ever expected to hear from Ayeka.

	"Lady Ayeka," he began solemnly, "I appreciate that more than you can ever 
know."  Ayeka smiled as hint of a tear disappeared form the corner of her left 
eye.  All was not lost.  He does care about me, she thought.

	"Now tell me something?" began Tenchi.

	"What is it between you and Marnot?"  Tenchi grinned wickedly as all the 
color drained from Ayeka's face only to be replaced by a vibrant blush.  Bingo, 
thought Tenchi, this is what she gets for teasing me earlier.

	"I have no idea as to what you are talking about," Ayeka lied putting on 
an air of royalty.

	"Oh really..."

	
***


	Across the steppe the being watched as the prospective champion and his 
companion bantered back and forth.  It found such dribble as pointless, a waste 
of mental capabilities.  Furthermore it was not impressed by this selection of 
champion, and it figured that its master would not be impressed either.  He 
seemed more interested in his friends than being a champion.  But something 
about that also cast a shadow of worry upon the being.  It reminded it of 
something....


***


	Marnot lighted on fallen tree next to his old friend Ignatius Baltus.  The 
obsidian clad guardian turned in acknowledgement of his friend's arrival.  "What 
is your report?" he asked flatly, before Marnot could even assume his human 
form.

	"All is well," he replied as his metamorphosis completed.  "But it is out 
there."

	"I know."

	"Was it safe to leave the champion alone like that, and the princess?"

	"Your feelings betray you," said Baltus coldly.  "It will not do anything 
with outs its masters word, so the champion and your precious princess will be 
safe."

	"Ignatius..."

	"Enough!" said Baltus sharply.  "You have been warned and any further 
infraction will be punished.  Am I clear?"

	"Crystal," said Marnot, his voice full of contempt.  

	"Make your report," Baltus said disdainfully.  Marnot leveled his golden 
eyes onto Baltus' ice blue eyes.  

	"The champion will face the spirit of fire before the day is over."

	"Good.  This Odyssey is drawing to a close," said Baltus in a somewhat 
calmer tone.  "And if he does not complete it to the Elders satisfaction you 
know what the consequences will be."  Marnot knew full well what lay in store if 
the Odyssey was not a success.  All life in the universe would be extinguished.

	"And of the," he paused to search for the right word, "thing?"

	"Leave it be," Baltus said as he faded out of sight.  "He poses no 
threat.... yet."  Marnot stood in contemptuous silence after Baltus had left.  
He knew what he felt was forbidden for a guardian, but he had harbored these 
hidden feelings for over eight hundred years.  

	'Funny,' he thought.  'How can a momentary glimpse and a few stories from 
a would-be champion cause such feelings to be born?'  Never in the farthest 
reaches of his imagination did he ever imagine that he would lay his eyes on the 
young sacrifice again.  And the fact she was nearly a sacrifice a second time 
only fueled his feelings.  But he did take consolation in the fact that if she 
had been the sacrifice this time it would have been out of true love and not as 
a means to an end.  If that was any solace at all.

	The simple fact of the matter was he knew Ayeka's future.  He knew that 
her role in this Odyssey was far from over.  What he did not know was if he 
could stand by and let that future be played out.  Such interference would be 
punished most severely.  Maybe that was a chance he would have to take.  A 
slight grin slipped onto his face.  Perhaps the future is not set in stone.


***


	Washu leaned back from her desk and yawned.  She had lost track of how 
long she had been working on this translation.  Sasami had stayed with her for a 
couple hours before she too tired and went off to bed.  The fact that the little 
princess could see the text made Washu feel a little relived.  It meant that the 
spirit of Tsunami was stronger than she thought in the little one.

	"Are you really doing what I think you are doing?" Washu jumped slightly 
as the soft voice brought her quickly back to reality.

	"You know it has to be done," she said with a warm smile.  The ethereal 
image of Tsunami placed a hand on her sister's shoulder.

	"Could I see you in your true form?" asked Tsunami not sure of what 
Washu's response would be.  The diminutive genius hopped down and stretched her 
arms above her head.

	"It has been a while," she said as she shot up to her true height.  Washu 
flexed her knuckles and rotated her neck from side to side.  "I hope I remember 
how to do this."  With that's aid a pale green light began to envelope her.  As 
it grew in intensity Tsunami turned her eyes.  Washu's Science Academy uniform 
gave way to the light as she brought her hands in front of her chest.  Bands of 
the purest emerald green began to swirl from the light and wrap themselves 
around the goddess.  From them black leggings and an ivory accented emerald 
tunic took form.   

	Washu held out her arms as fingerless black gloves formed on her arms, 
held in place only by the small loop around her middle finger.  An emerald 
bodice formed around her tunic and two large emeralds fastened a white trimmed 
black cloak in place.  A golden collar raised up to circle the back of her neck.  
Washu leaned her head back as her shock of crimson hair grew longer.  A band of 
violet cloth wrapped itself around her hair to form her ponytail, leaving two 
purple streamers hanging behind her.  Finally Washu closed her eyes as three 
bright green dots formed on her forehead.  As quickly as the transformation had 
begun it was over.

	"Is this better?" asked Washu as she looked over her true form.  It had 
been twenty thousand years since she had taken this form and it took her a 
moment to get used to it again.  A tear slid down tsunami's cheek as she saw her 
sister's true form again.

	"It has been too long," she said in voice that hinted at their former 
glory.  "I just hope that sister has faired well since we left."

	"I wouldn't worry," said Washu as she walked over to Tsunami.  "I feel 
that-," before Washu could finish she grabbed her head and fell to her knees.

	"Washu!" gasped Tsunami as the green aura surrounded her sister again.  
Tsunami watched in silent fear as Washu reverted to her normal adult form.  
"Sister?" she asked, her voice full of trepidation.

	"It's...alright," said Washu between breathes.  The transformation into 
her true form had just expended too much energy, she thought to herself.  "I've 
to work on that," she said as she made it back to her feet.

	"Um, Washu," Tsunami said holding a hand to her mouth.

	"What?"  All Tsunami could do was point in her sisters general direction.  
Washu looked around for a second before she realized that her clothes had not 
returned when she reverted forms.

	"Oh," said Washu as a blush crept across her face as well.  She summoned a 
holo-computer and a few keystrokes later her standard academy uniform was back.

	"Will you be able to make the journey?" asked a much-relieved Tsunami.

	"With a little practice I should be able to," she sighed as she shrank 
back down into her standard size.  "We have less than five days to get ready," 
she said pointing to the chronometer on the computer screen.  "That will give 
Tenchi at least two days to go."

	"I wish we did not have to do this again," Tsunami said with a heavy 
heart.  "If we fail there will be another chance."

	"I know," said Washu gravely.  "If this all fails there will nothing left 
for anybody."


***


	"The sanctuary is just beyond these hills," said Marnot as he led Tenchi 
and Ayeka through the canyons.  Tenchi checked the chronometer on the orb to see 
how long they had been hiking.  They had been on the move for about four hours 
and the alien sun was already nearing midday.  A few more hours and it would be 
evening again, but Tenchi hoped that they would be in the sanctuary by then.  
Tenchi his real challenge would begin.

	According to Marnot this was the sanctuary that made or broke most 
champions.  He would not go into the specifics, but he did hint that it would 
not be an easy time.  And to top it off Tenchi figured they had a little over 
six days to complete the final two parts of this damned Odyssey in order to save 
Ryoko.

	"Lord Tenchi, Marnot!" called Ayeka.  "I think something is following us!"  
Tenchi turned to see what Ayeka could be talking about, but he saw nothing but 
the bands of orange and red rock that made up the canyon walls.
	
	"Where princess?"

	"Up there!" shouted Ayeka pointing to the rim of the canyon.  Tenchi 
strained his eyes but could not find anything out of the ordinary.  The only 
thing he saw was sage grass, tumble weeds, and what looked like a jackrabbit 
with antelope antlers growing from its head.

	"I would not worry," reassured Marnot.  "We will be at the sanctuary soon, 
and if something is following us, I will deal with it."

	"You aren't coming with us?" asked Ayeka.

	"I cannot," replied Marnot.  "Last time was an exception due to the 
hostile nature of Tyran Prime.  I hate to say it but you are own you're here."

	"I see."

	"We should be fine," Tenchi said trying to be confident.

	'For your sake I hope you're right,' thought Marnot.  "Look!" he called 
out.  Ahead of them lay a temple front carved into the side of the cliff.  It's 
fluted columns and ancient friezes bore the passage of time heavily.

"Oh boy," sighed Tenchi as the entrance loomed over him.

	"Your destiny awaits," said Marnot.  Tenchi and Ayeka climbed the ancient 
sand colored stairs to the temples portico.  Massive stone doors sealed the 
entry.  In fact they looked as if they had not been opened in centuries, if 
ever.  As Tenchi took another step forward they began to silently swing open.  
Somewhat shocked he took a step back as the massive doors opened inward as 
easily as if they were weightless.

	"Go on," prodded Marnot.  Tenchi nodded and walked into the shadows.  
Ayeka followed him closely but she stopped right over the threshold and looked 
back to Marnot.  Her expression was one of longing and heartache.  For his part 
Marnot remained stoic as ever as he made shooing motions towards Ayeka.  
Reluctantly she followed Tenchi into the sanctuary.

	Once the massive doors swung shut behind them Marnot fell to his knees.  
He knew what lay in the future, and for the first time the ancient guardian was 
heartbroken.


The Odyssey shall continue in: Fire Storm

