"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.


Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Twenty-one: Inferno by William Nichols

	The normal peace of the afternoon in the Masaki house was nowhere to b 
found on this day.  Today was a day that everyone had been dreading for the past 
week and a half.  For today Nobuyuki returned from his business trip, and he has 
no clue as to what is really going on...
 
	"Is it ready?" whined Mihoshi as she sat anxiously on the overstuffed sofa 
in the Masaki living room.  It was getting close to dinnertime and the eternally 
ravenous GP was becoming fidgety.  Real fidgety.   

	"Not till Mr. Masaki gets home," answered Sasami from the kitchen.

	"So pipe down in there!" ordered Kiyone as she poked her head out from the 
kitchen.  A streak of flour was smeared across her forehead and locks of green 
hair had fallen from her orange headband.  "And if you open your big mouth," 
started Kiyone as she imagined the havoc Mihoshi could create.  

	"Have faith," said Katsuhito calmly.  "All will be fine."

	"So when does Nobuyuki arrive anyway?" Asked Washu while she set the 
remnants of the fine china onto the dinning room table.

	"Anytime," Katsuhito answered.  Washu was amazed at the calmness in the 
old prince's voice.  She believed that he could keep the same demeanor even if 
the bowels of hell were unleashed upon the Masaki household.

	"I hope this works," said Sasami as she pushed a platter of grilled fish 
and prawns across the small island dividing the kitchen from the dining room.  

	"As do I," echoed Katsuhito.  

	"If it doesn't were all in deep-," began Washu until a new voice cut her 
off.

	"Deep what?" asked Nobuyuki as he sat his briefcase down and hung his 
overcoat onto a peg.  "Say, that smells real good.  What's the occasion?"  
Everyone began to sweat profusely, save Katsuhito who remained stoic as ever.

	"It's a-ow!" began Mihoshi until Kiyone slapped her upside the head.

	"What's going on here?" inquired Nobuyuki.  After all of these years he 
knew when something was up in this house.  But Katsuhito knew how to get his 
son-in-law off subject even better.

	"How was America?" asked Katsuhito calmly.  "I understand the Pacific 
Northwest is beautiful this time of year."

	"Seattle was real nice and the conference went great!" he exclaimed as he 
picked a bite off of one the dinner trays.  "You wouldn't believe the new 
designs I saw while I was there..." It just dawned on him.  "Say," he began 
hesitantly, "Where's Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko?"  Once again everyone's blood 
pressure fell thru the floor.

	"They are running an errand for me in town," replied Katsuhito.  An 
overwhelming sigh rose up from everyone else in the room.

	'How does he do that?' thought Washu.  'Absolutely uncanny.'

	"They will be gone a while," continued Katsuhito as he poured his clueless 
son-in-law a cup of tea.  "And will probably eat in town.  So lets sit down and 
enjoy his fine dinner the girls prepared for us."  

	Dinner went exceptionally well considering everyone but Katsuhito and 
Nobuyuki were on pins and needles.  As always Sasami's cooking was impeccable, 
and the side dishes Kiyone fixed complimented everything nicely.  Washu had used 
her dimension tunnel system to pick up a carafe of wine from somewhere near 
Jurai and it further accented the perfect dinner.  For her part Mihoshi did not 
run her mouth or make a disastrous mess of things.  

As the final plates were passed Nobuyuki leaned back and stretched.  "That was 
perfect!  Too bad Tenchi and the girls missed it."  

After a somewhat tense moment of silence Katsuhito spoke up.  "There is 
something I need to tell you," he began.

"Yes dad..."


***

    
	"Tenchi!  Tenchi!  Lord Tenchi!" 

	Ayeka's heart raced as she frantically searched for Tenchi.  Before the 
floor gave way on them he had been slightly ahead of her, but as the dust 
cleared she found her self to be alone in the safety of the antechamber. The 
young prince and one of the great loves of her life was nowhere to be found.

	"Tenchi," she sobbed as she fell to her knees.  Somehow in all of the 
panic he had not made it to the safety of the antechamber.  All that remained 
ahead in front of her was the black abyss that used to be the magnificent 
chamber.  Spires of rising steam punctuated the darkness with a gentle hiss.

	Finally Ayeka managed to build the nerve to walk the ledge.  Each step 
took every ounce of will she could muster.  A few pebbles popped out from 
beneath her toe and began their never-ending descent.  Ayeka sighed inwardly and 
said a quick prayer to Tsunami to watch over Tenchi's soul be fore she built up 
the courage to gaze into the abyss.  But before she could a voice broke her 
prayer.

	"Ayeka!"  She jumped at the sound of Tenchi's voice.  Surely it has to 
from beyond the grave, she thought until it called for her a second time.

	"Ayeka!  Down here!"  Ayeka hesitantly cast her gaze downwards to find the 
most precious sight she had ever seen.  Tenchi was hanging onto an outcropping 
of rock for dear life.

	"Tenchi!" she cried through tears that now came from joy.

	"Yeah, it's me," he laughed half-heartedly.  "Could ya give me a hand?"  
Ayeka dropped down and reached as far she could.  

	"I can't reach you!" she called to Tenchi, who was hanging on for dear 
life.  And to make matters worse Tenchi had Washu's backpack.

	"Use your jacket!" he yelled up to her.  Ayeka had a puzzled look on her 
face for a moment and seemed to mouth 'use my jacket?' before she realized what 
Tenchi meant.  Usually such a thing would have caused her to blush, but after 
what she tried to do back on Tyran Prime, letting Tenchi see her in a state of 
undress was a moot point now.

	"A little more!" Tenchi exclaimed as she lowered the jacket sleeve first 
to him.  Finally it came into his reach and he began to pull himself up.  Ayeka 
grunted as she leaned back, digging her heels into the ground.  Finally Tenchi 
was able to get a hand on to the ledge.

	"Tenchi!" she gasped as his grip slipped a bit before he managed to swing 
a leg over and roll to safety.  For the longest he just lay there panting.  
"Don't do that to me," she very relieved.  "I thought I had lost you."

	"I'm...still...here," Tenchi panted.  A minute or so later he pulled 
himself and looked back across what used to be the tiled floor of the chamber. 
	
	"What happened?" asked Ayeka as she finished buttoning her field jacket 
back up.

	"The ledge gave way," Tenchi said very matter-of-factly.  "I thought I was 
gone, but somebody or something grabbed me from behind and lifted me to that 
small ledge.  When I looked back to see who it was, they let go and I had to 
grab on for dear life."

	"So who was it?" inquired Ayeka.

	"Don't know," replied Tenchi.  The two of them sat there in the relative 
safety of the antechamber for a few minutes before they continued their trek 
into the sanctuary.


***


	"Di-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-e-e-e-e!" hissed the lizardman as he tightened his grip 
on Marnot's throat.  The guardian tried with all of his formidable might to pry 
the beast's hands from his neck, but the venom rushing through his veins was 
sapping his strength.  What had been a burning sensation in his back had become 
a numbing cold that spread across his body.  He wanted to sleep.  

	Sleep: that would be so nice, betrayed his mind.

	As Marnot's world became hazy a point of light formed as his vision 
tunneled.  From that point of light a cherry blossom blew past.  Then another.  
Instantly he found himself in field of cherry trees.  The sweet aroma of their 
blooms filled him.  In the distance he saw a purple haired maiden clad in white, 
leaning against one of the trees.  The wind blew a curtain of petals across her 
as she faded from sight.

	That was what it took for Marnot to try again.  He was the Guardian of the 
Spirit.  It was his sacred duty to protect and guide the young champion.  He 
would not let this damnable abomination stop him.  But further more he would let 
it deny him his feelings.

	Summoning all of his strength Marnot raised a hand in front of the 
creatures face.  The thing allowed itself a perplexed look as Marnot just held 
his held his hand there, as if he was trying to grab something.  Then it hit 
him.

	Literally.

	Marnot had forgotten that his mallet was still hurling across the canyon.  
The lizardman uttered a few incomprehensible curses as Marnot's hammer crushed 
the back of his skull. Marnot pried the foul things hands free and shoved him 
aside as he took in short, jagged gasps of breath.  

	Marnot pulled his hammer free from the back of the lizardman's head, 
leaving it a convulsing mass of flesh.  "Send my regards to your master," spat 
the guardian as he channel his life force through the mallet.  The jeweled eyes 
of the carved wolf-head began to glow as the energy built before it was finally 
unleashed upon the lizardman.  When it dissipated all that was left of the 
accursed creation was a scorch mark on the ground.

	Marnot dropped his war hammer and fell to his knees.  His knuckled raked 
through the soil as he began to retch.  A moment later he had vomited up the 
toxin's that had been injected into his system.  "That was rough," he said to no 
one in particular.

	"I'd say," came a familiar voice from behind him.

	"Come to gloat?" Marnot asked as he wiped the bile from his lips.

	"Maybe just a little," replied Baltus as he extended a hand to Marnot.  "I 
see your healing powers are not diminished."

	"I thought you said that thing was not very powerful?"

	"So I miss judged," Baltus said wryly.  "You should have been more 
prepared, instead of thinking about that mortal."

	Marnot was in no mood to be lectured by his long time friend.  "What I 
meditate upon is my business," he answered flatly.  "And frankly she deserves 
more respect than that.  She was a sacrifice."

	"Of a failed prospect."

	"May be so, but-

	"No buts about it."  Marnot did not know how to reply to Baltus this time.  
"The Elder are displeased with your current course of actions," continued 
Baltus.  "They have not decided to reprimand you or not as of yet, but be 
prepared for what ever they may deal out."

	"I shall be," Marnot growled through clenched teeth.

	"We shall see," replied Baltus as Marnot's gaze sliced through him.


***


	Tenchi cautiously tapped his foot to the floor of the next chamber before 
he walked in.  It seemed firm enough and he motioned for Ayeka to join him.  For 
her part she decided not to make any comments about the apparent nature of this 
chamber.  She could just imagine the ceiling caving in on them as soon as she 
said something.

	"Look at that," said Tenchi as they walked into the hall.  Down one side 
was a mural of Washu etched into the wall.  She was clad in what amounted to a 
toga of sorts with a crested helmet adorning her head.  She had just fired a 
fiery arrow, which was streaking towards the heavens.

	The next panel showed the arrow landing in the firmament and casting its 
light upon the world below.

	"What could it mean?" asked Ayeka as they walked the length of the hall.

	"The way things have gone," began Tenchi, "I have no clue."  That coaxed a 
slight giggle from Ayeka as the continued onward.  For the most part the next 
few halls were fairly non-descript.  The main features of each of them were the 
large murals of Washu, depicting the various aspects of her divinity.  Some even 
depicted the other members of the triumvirate when their aspects were similar.        
 
	"I never knew any of this," said Ayeka in awe of the history she was 
learning about Jurai.

	"Washu probably never wanted to tell us," guessed Tenchi.  "I mean, what 
would people think if they knew she was a god?"

	"That is a good question," Ayeka said as her eyes studied the next 
depiction.  Each consecutive panel gave more insight into the past of the 
Juraian triumvirate and raised just as many questions.


***


	"I don't believe this," said Nobuyuki as he lit another cigarette.  The 
ashtray in front of him bore the remains of two packs of smokes and he had just 
started the third.  "I talked to Tenchi while I was in Seattle.  And now you're 
saying he's been gallivanting across the galaxy?"

	"Basically," replied the ever stoic Katsuhito.

	"But I talked to him!"

	"You mean this?" asked Washu in Tenchi's voice.  Nobuyuki let the 
cigarette nearly fall from his lips as Washu let go of the button on the little 
black box she was holding.  "A voice modulator," she explained.

	"So he's really..." stammered Nobuyuki.

	"Yes," answered Katsuhito.

	"And Ayeka...and Ryoko?"

	"Yes," Katsuhito said again.

	"Woo boy," said Nobuyuki as he ran a hand through his hair.  "I need a 
drink," he added slumping back into the sofa.

	"That's understandable," said Washu as she got up.  "If you would excuse 
me I need to check in on Ryoko."  Everyone nodded as the diminutive genius 
retreated back to her lab.  Once inside she returned to her adult form.

	Her gaze drifted up to the large chronometer hanging above her daughter's 
stasis field.

05: 00: 22

Time is drawing short, and she had not heard from Tenchi for several days.  
Ryoko lay in a bed bathed in the pale green light of the field generator.  Once 
so full of life and energy, she looked so frail to her mother, the one person 
who had never stopped loving her.

	Washu reached out across their link and tried desperately to find her 
daughters mind, but she could not.  A silent tear slid down her cheek.  She 
wanted, no needed her daughter.  This lifeless body before her broke her heart.  
Washu ran her hand across the rail of the bed before she let it fall onto 
Ryoko's face.

	With a mothers caress Washu tried to will her daughter back to life, but 
she knew full well what it would take.  And that lay squarely on Tenchi's 
shoulders.  It seemed cruel to Washu that her daughter might never know the joy 
of finding out that Tenchi returned her love for him.  Yet deep down somewhere 
Washu had a feeling that Ryoko did know.  She could not explain it, but she just 
knew.     
	
	"Are you alright sister?" asked Tsunami's dulcet voice.  Washu turned to 
her sister and wiped the tears from her eyes.  "I know how this must pain you," 
continued Tsunami.  "But she will be restored."

	"What good will it do?" asked a tearful Washu.  The stress of the past 
week and a half had finally got the better of her.  "I know Tenchi will complete 
the Odyssey, but we cannot stop it this time.  The darkness is too strong," 
Washu cried.  
	
	Tsunami walked over to her sister and held her while Washu cried into her 
shoulder.  "We will succeed," said Tsunami calmly.  "We will reunite and Tenchi 
will turn back the darkness.  He is the light."

	"Forgive my weakness," begged Washu as she pulled apart from Tsunami.  
Glistening trails streaked her face.

	"It is not weakness," reassured Tsunami.  "You love all of those involved 
and are concerned about them.  Love is never a weakness."

	"I hope you're right," Washu said as she watched the seconds tick off the 
chronometer.  "I hope you are right."


***


	The sun was beginning to rise outside the sanctuary of fire.  Reds and 
oranges blanketed the sky as the two guardians cast elongated shadows in the 
beginning light.  They had stood resolute across from one another all through 
the night, never shifting their gazes.

	"How long will you let this last?" asked Baltus as the morning sun rose in 
the sky.

	"As long as you draw breath Ignatius," replied Marnot.

	"Is that a threat old friend?"

	"Possibly, if you do not allow me to set matters straight."

	"It is not I who will stop you but they."

	"Then when the time comes I will defy them."

	"And when you do you shall be cast aside.  Is it really worth that 
dishonor?"

	Marnot's reply came faster than Baltus expected it to.  "Yes.  It is."

	"Pitiful fool," Baltus laughed in contempt.  "This will be your undoing."

	"Then so be it," said Marnot.  Once again they locked gazes as the morning 
sun turned into midday and so on.


***


	"Give me a hand please," asked Tenchi as he tried to force the next set of 
doors apart.  They were dented in the middle and failed to open when he touched 
the light hawk emblem.  Ayeka threw her weight in and together they managed to 
force the doors apart.

	"At least they-

	"Don't say it," ordered Tenchi as they pushed the doors apart.

	"Could fix things..."Ayeka finished quietly as the took their first look 
into the room.  "Oh wow," slipped from her lips as Tenchi nodded in agreement.  
The room before them was completely dark, save the shaft of light that shone 
down upon the life sized statue of an adult Washu.  She was dressed as she was 
in the first mural.  In her outstretched hand was a golden bow, and a quiver of 
arrows hung on her back.

	"This is amazing," said Tenchi as he walked around the statue.  It looked 
so alive, not like the cold metal it was cast in.

	"Lord Tenchi!" called Ayeka from across the room.  Next to her was a meter 
tall brazier, which bore a small flame. "Does this remind you of anything?"

	"The painting we saw," said Tenchi as he ran a hand along the curvature of 
the bow.  To his surprise it was loose in the statues hand.   "I wonder," he 
pondered aloud.  As he suspected the bow lifted easily from the statues hand.  
So did the arrows from the quiver.

	"I suspected the same thing," said Ayeka as she reached for the bow.  "May 
I?"  Tenchi nodded and handed her the bow and the quiver.  Ayeka slid an arrow 
on the string and pointed its tip into the brazier.

	"I see what you're doing," said Tenchi.  The mural had obviously been an 
instruction sheet of sorts.

	"Exactly," replied Ayeka.  She pointed the bow down and drew the string as 
she arched back.  With a tha-twang the arrow whizzed towards the darkened 
ceiling.   Tenchi and Ayeka watched for a second before a ring of flame spread 
from the center of the ceiling.  As it burnt away the darkness the circular room 
became bathed in the light.  It's grandeur left Ayeka and Tenchi awestruck. 

	The room was constructed from white marble swirled with deep blue veins.  
Massive columns that to Tenchi looked like earths Corinthian order supported the 
outer walls.  'Being the son of an architect has its advantages,' he thought.  
The scrolled capitals were ornamented with wreathes and laurels.  Carved into 
the columns bases was the light hawk wings.  Standing opposite of the gleaming 
white and blue walls the gleaming black marble floor.  Veins of gold accented 
the polished obsidian.  The statue of Washu stood on a disk from which radiated 
the light hawk wings.

	"This is impressive," said Tenchi as if such a compliment was an 
understatement.  The statue of Washu was facing a set of gilded doors framed by 
two columns.

	"I'm afraid to think what behind them," said Ayeka somewhat timidly.

	"We have to find out," said Tenchi.  Once again the familiar blue light 
enveloped his hand when he placed it onto the light hawk emblem.  With a 
hydraulic hiss the doors slid apart.  Instantly a wave of searing heat washed 
over Tenchi and Ayeka.

	"I hate it when I'm right," said Ayeka as they saw what lay before them. 


The Odyssey shall continue...	     
