"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo!
Odyssey
Chapter Twenty-Seven
The Trilogy of Light: Zenith, by William Nichols

	Seeing an aurora over the capitol city of Jurai was not uncommon this time 
of year.  Various hues or red, blue and green dances across the evening sky, 
putting on a show that man could not surpass.  In times past such a sight would 
have been interpreted by the priests of Tsunami as a sign of either impending 
doom or good fortune.  Certain rites would be performed in each case to either 
ward off the evil spirits or encourage the good ones to stay upon the people.  
But that mysticism is lost on the people today.  The aurora is chalked up to 
ionized dust particles in the atmosphere reflected and refracting light.  It is 
nothing more, nothing less.  Some times though there is validity in the old 
ways...
  
	Funaho had kept the revelations of the Minister of Intelligence and the 
High Priest from Azusa and Misaki.  The both of them knew that Tenchi had been 
selected to be the Elder's champion, but they need not know the full extent of 
the circumstances.  There is nothing we can do about it, Funaho had reasoned.  
So why bother them with it.  When the universe ends, we shall die in one 
another's arms.
	But all of this had weighed heavily on Funaho.  Such burdens are not meant 
to bore alone, especially when one has the extended family she does.  But none-
the-less Funaho had kept her horrible knowledge to herself.  If Tenchi is not 
successful it will all be over soon enough...
"What is the matter?" Misaki asked as Funaho joined her and the emperor in the 
royal chambers.  "You look like the world is coming to an end," Misaki playfully 
jabbed at the worried Funaho, not realizing the validity in her own words.
	"It just may be," Funaho sighed as she plopped back onto the plush bed.
	"If this is about that boy of Yosho's and Ayeka," Azusa began to fume 
before a slight chuckle from Funaho silenced him.  "What?" he asked.  
	"I don't think either of you really want to know," Funaho said flatly as 
she took her leave of her befuddled husband and sister wife.

***

	"It has begun," muttered Katsuhito as he stepped out onto the porch of his 
humble dwelling. A strange presence had washed over him during his meditation, 
drawing him to his front door.  When he cast his gaze heavenward he found what 
he was looking for.  One by one the stars in the evening sky were growing dim 
and fading from sight.  A part of one constellation would fade then vanish, soon 
to be followed by yet another.  Before the night was past a sizable section of 
the sky was devoid of any form of light.  Darkness was all that could be seen.

***

	Far away from the royal palace on Jurai or a humble priests house on earth 
three weary travelers trek forward as their Odyssey draws to a close...
"I thought you said that the sanctuary was only two or three kilometers away," 
Ayeka huffed as she, Tenchi, and Marnot trod through the knee-high sagebrush 
that littered the landscape.
	"I'm a guardian spirit," Marnot retorted. "Not an interstellar navigator.  
Be glad I am able to land us in the general solar system!"
	"I'd be thankful if..." Ayeka trailed off in soft laughter.
	"What was that?" Marnot asked as he tickled Ayeka's ribs.  
	At least she will have a few happy moments, Tenchi thought.  All of this 
is my fault, somehow or another.  The absence of playful taunts or light 
laughter brought Tenchi back from his momentary thought.  He knew what was going 
on.  He just ignored it.  I guess I'm a little envious.  I mean, it's just 
that...Damn.  I waited all this time, and now I may never get to hold her.  As 
they trekked forward Tenchi's thoughts drifted back to a few weeks ago...

	Tenchi was drawn from his studies by an all too familiar chime.  "What ya' 
reading?" Ryoko asked as she phased in behind the object of her hearts desire.
	"Classic world literature," Tenchi answered flatly.
	"Is it any good?" Ryoko asked as she looked over his shoulder at the text 
below.  She could feel Tenchi tense up as he arms wrapped around his shoulders, 
but it didn't last as long as it used to.  Maybe he's warming up...
	"I need to study," Tenchi sighed as he pulled Ryoko's arms free from his 
person.
	Then again... Maybe though... "Can I watch?" she asked, hoping beyond hope 
that just possibly he would consent.
	"Watch?" Tenchi asked as if she had spoken some foreign language.
	"I promise to behave," said Ryoko, who was trying to look as innocent as 
possible.  "Please?"
	Tenchi sighed.  He couldn't say no, well he couldn't as long as she kept 
her end of the bargain.  "All right," he said, "but I need my quiet."
	"I'll just lay on the bed then," Ryoko pronounced as she plopped down onto 
her stomach and rested her chin in her palms.  "Okay?"
	"Fine," Tenchi said trying to hide a slight smile.  Nearly a year had 
passed since Haruna had taken him from his family.  In that year had had seen 
each of them in a new light.  While outwardly his feelings had changed little, 
inwardly they were a tumultuous storm.  Before he had viewed both Ryoko and 
Ayeka similarly, although he had felt a slight inclination towards the cyan 
tressed pirate for some reason.
	Near as he could tell the feelings originated when Kagato took her from 
him.  Then a few months later when Zero copied Ryoko and unlocked the emotions 
and memories she kept buried; he saw a side of Ryoko he never dreamed possible.  
Apart from a calmer persona Ryoko did not change much afterwards though, and the 
perpetual stalemate continued ad infinitum.
	Or so it seemed...
	Tenchi would catch himself stealing glances of Ryoko here and there, when 
he thought no one would notice.  Slowly his heart was beginning to melt.  What 
started a gentle nudge was becoming more like a firm tug.
	Then the incident with Haruna happened.
	Although he had tried to burry those feelings, Tenchi kept feeling like he 
betrayed Ayeka and Ryoko.  In a sense he had, and in another he hadn't.  All 
Haruna really did in the end was teach him that he could be open with his 
feelings.  He knew that however real those experiences had been, in the end they 
would amount to little more than fantasy.  A warm memory that would pop up from 
time to time followed by the slight pang of loss.
	After he had returned from that mirror world both Ryoko and Ayeka had 
given him some space to sort out his feelings.  Both of them knew that and hasty 
actions would drive a wedge between them that might never be pulled back.  Then 
on that day Ryoko had found Tenchi drawing up on the mountainside that tug in 
his heart returned.  She had come to save him, even after he had acted so 
callously towards her.  In her heart she loved him, whether he returned the 
sentiment or not.
	As he shared quiet moments with Ryoko at the shrine or on the roof that 
tug became a full-blown pull.  He was still unsure if it was what he thought it 
was, but the picture was becoming clearer each day.  Just like now when she was 
laying on his bed, quietly watching him trying to read Milton's Paradise Lost.  
She was just quietly watching him, content to just be in his presence.  Maybe he 
was feeling...
	But you don't want to hurt Ayeka! His conscious always had a nasty habit 
of speaking out like that.  True, he did care for Ayeka deeply, but it was not 
the same thing he felt for Ryoko.  When Ayeka was around he did not feel his 
pulse quicken nor did he get tense when she touched him.  Love is a hard thing 
to quantify, and since he had never been in love much beyond a teenaged crush, 
Tenchi had decided that taking it slowly would be better for him.  
	But now he found that with each passing day he felt more strongly than 
ever before. Maybe I'm not as indecisive as they say I am.  Tenchi let a small 
smile creep onto his face as he remembered a saying he his grandfather had 
taught him during one of their practice sessions.  Indecision is the key to 
flexibility.  Maybe now was the time to be decisive.
	"Ryoko?" Tenchi asked softly, determined to put his feelings to rest once 
and for all.  "Ryoko?" he asked again as he wheeled his desk chair around.  
Tenchi chuckled lightly as he saw the warm smile on Ryoko's sleeping face.  So 
much for my big moment, Tenchi laughed to himself.  Christmas then, he promised 
himself as he gave Ryoko a gentle kiss on the top of her head.  I'll make it her 
Christmas present.

	"I wish I had woken her up," Tenchi mumbled to himself as he made his way 
across the empty field.  The first gray specks of the megaliths had peeked over 
the horizon now, and Tenchi renewed his drive to make it to the final sanctuary.  
I will get you back and set everything right!  I promise.            
	"Are you ready?" Marnot asked piercing Tenchi's train of thoughts.  "Are 
you, young champion?"
	"I guess so," replied a somewhat confused Tenchi.  "By the way, just what 
are you referring too?"
	"The Sanctuary of Light," Marnot said calmly.  "Apart form facing the dark 
one, this will the most difficult challenge you shall face."
	"What should I expect?" Tenchi asked, hoping that the usually tight-lipped 
guardian would reveal what lay in store for him.
	"In all honesty I do not know young champion.  Only the prospective 
champion is allowed entry into the sanctuary."
	"So we cannot help Tenchi?" Ayeka said.
	"I'm afraid not," Marnot replied.  "Only a true champion can enter the 
sanctuary and complete the ordeal that lies within."
	"It can't be any worse than ten meter tall fire demons, Tyran soldiers 
with bad attitudes, or a dinosaur that wants to make a snack out of me," Tenchi 
laughed.  Some of the experiences on this Odyssey were truly unique, and would 
make for one hell of a 'what I did over semesters break' paper.
	Marnot laughed.  "So you met Kolor's pet Gotha?"   
	"You knew about that thing?" Tenchi asked.
	"Who do you think gave it to Kolor fifty thousand years ago?"
	"It tried to make us the main course!" Ayeka protested.
	"It's just overly playful," Marnot said, trying to look innocent in front 
of the glares that were burning through him.  "So I exaggerated a bit," he added 
in an attempt to save his hide.
	"We'll leave it at that," Ayeka sniffed, trying to feign annoyance.
	"Back to the temple," Tenchi said changing the subject.  "What will it be 
like, err, I mean, what I'm trying to say is..."
	"How can it be a sanctuary when all you saw was a megalith?" Tenchi 
nodded.  "It will be revealed soon enough."  Marnot was well versed in the art 
of non-committal answers.  "See for your self," Marnot said as they drew up to 
the Megalith.
	The monument was just as the medallion had shown it to be.  The stones in 
the first ring stood at least fifteen meters tall and were about five meters 
across.  The weight of such blocks had to be in the thousands of tonnes.  Atop 
the first ring of stones were cap blocks, of equal size to those supporting 
them.  One block would straddle two pillars, and so it went in a circle at least 
one hundred meters in diameter.  Inside the primary ring there was a secondary 
ring, of slightly smaller stones.  This ring lacked the capstones of the outer 
ring.  
	Within this inner sanctum stood an altar stone at each cardinal point.  
Centered in the inner sanctum was an obelisk, similar to all the others that 
Tenchi had encountered on this Odyssey, only larger.  This new obelisk towered 
over the rings of stones by at least ten meters or so.  All said in done the 
simplicity of the sanctuary stood in stark contrast to the sheer size of its 
construction.	
	"Why does this look familiar?" Tenchi said as he marveled at the girth of 
one of the pillars.
	"I can thin k of at least a half-dozen obelisks that we have seen," Ayeka 
said.  The moving clouds created the illusion that the mammoth stone monument 
was swaying in the breeze.
	"Not that," Tenchi replied.  "I have seen this before.  I think there is 
one of these in Europe, maybe England, but I'm not sure."
	"That there is," Marnot answered.  "Three millennia the Temple of Light 
chose earth for its resting place.  The majority of the populace had barely 
evolved coherent civilizations, so it seemed natural to place the temple in such 
a backwater planet."
	"Then why are we not an earth now?" Ayeka asked as they made their way 
through the first ring.  
	"Earth, how shall we say, evolved faster than we thought it would.  That 
sight has not been used in two thousand years."
	As they neared the inner sanctum Tenchi felt something pull him towards 
the Obelisk.  He could not explain it, nor was he certain that the feeling was 
real.  All he knew was that the obelisk held the answers he needed.  Dark clouds 
began to swirl overhead blocking the perpetual light form the galactic core as a 
light breeze picked up. As Tenchi entered the inner sanctum the first cannonade 
of thunder rolled in the far distance.
	"Tenchi?" Ayeka started before Marnot placed a hand on her shoulder.  She 
cast a glance back at the guardian who was shaking his head.
	"He must find his own answers."  Ayeka silently "Oh"-ed as she watched 
Tenchi circle the Obelisk.  His eyes had become glassy and his expression far 
off.  It was almost as if he saw something she could not.  Finally Tenchi 
focused on spot in particular.  To Ayeka it appeared no different than the rest 
of the polished gray stone of the Obelisk.  Ayeka's eyes widened as Tenchi laid 
his had on that spot.  A ring of blue light formed around his hand before it 
spread to the rest of the Obelisk, revealing hidden script.  In a flash the 
monument was covered in brightly glowing Juraian script, whose characters seemed 
to shift endlessly.  
	Ayeka gasped a ball of energy formed atop the Obelisk.  Marnot squeezed 
her hand, momentarily taking her focus away from what was transpiring.  At that 
moment beams of light shot forth from the energy ball, striking the stones that 
stood at each cardinal point of the inner sanctum.  The energy rippled around 
the stones before it cascaded down their sides in torrents.  As the crackling 
yellow discharges washed over each pillar it transformed them into a statue.  
Finally bolts lashed out and struck each altar, leaving a smoking indentation on 
each one.  
	Tenchi swallowed as he pulled his had away from the Obelisk.  The whole 
experience had left him somewhat dry-mouthed.  He blinked a few times trying to 
bring the world back into focus before his gaze fell firmly onto the statue 
behind the altar nearest to him.
	"Tenchi?" asked a very concerned Ayeka as she made her way to him.
	"It's Shigeru," Tenchi said calmly.
	"Yes it is," Marnot replied.  "And I believe that one is Kolor, and the 
one next to him is that nameless fool from the sanctuary of water."
	"And who is this?" Ayeka teasingly asked as she walked over to a rather 
scantily clad female statue.
	"That would be the infamous Daphne," Marnot answered with a wry grin on 
his face.
	"I see," Ayeka sniffed.  And considering what the statue of Daphne was 
wearing, or rather what she was not wearing, she meant it.  "So this is what she 
looked like?" she said playfully to Tenchi.
	"She had more clothes than that!" Tenchi defended.
	"I believe you know what to do," Marnot said returning the champion back 
to the quest at hand.  Tenchi nodded and walked over to the alter representing 
the sanctuary of water.
	"The water shall flow," Tenchi incanted from the script etched into the 
stone, before he realized that he could read the ancient script.  Tenchi removed 
the sapphire water stone from the medallion and placed in onto altar.  Once in 
place the spirit stone began to glow brightly before the soft light spread over 
the altar and statue.  When it did so the statue became the guardian from the 
first chapel.
	"I grant thee entrance to the sanctuary of light, Master of Water," the 
nameless guardian spoke.  Tenchi bowed respectfully and walked over the next 
altar.
	"The stone shall stand," Tenchi read from the altar as he placed the 
emerald earth stone on the altar.  Once again its power animated the guardian 
statue behind it.
	"I grant thee entrance to the sanctuary of light, Master of Earth," Kolor 
proclaimed.
	"The wind may change," Tenchi incanted from the altar as he laid the 
diamond of wind onto its respective altar.  The cold gray visage of Daphne 
glowed to life and smiled at Tenchi.
	"I grant thee access to the sanctuary of light, handsome," the 
aesthetically pleasing guardian said in a sultry voice.  A firm cough emitted 
from her fellow guardians returned the attractive guardian to the proper 
response.  "I mean master of wind."
	Shaking his head Tenchi approached the final alter.  "The flame shall 
consume," he said as he held the final spirit stone above its altar.  Before he 
could place the stone a rather shrill voice split the quiet air of the inner 
sanctum.
	"Not him again," Marnot said rolling eyes heavenwards.  A wiry reptilian 
creature slinked down one of the stones and flicked its tongue towards Ayeka.
	"My masssster sssendssss a messsssage," The lizardman hissed.
	"I've already told you what you can tell your master," Marnot growled, his 
eyes afire.  "Would you like for me to refresh your memory?"
	"You will not ssssucccede," the monstrosity hissed again.
	"It will take an army to keep the champion from finishing his quest!" 
Marnot declared as he formed his warhammer one more time.
	"I know," the beast said plainly.  A low thrum echoed in the distance much 
like thunder, but it only grew louder as time passed.
	"Finish the rite!" Marnot growled at Tenchi who was petrified in his 
tracks.  "Finish it!" he yelled as he turned and saw what Tenchi did.  Pouring 
over the horizon were hordes of beasts similar to the foul thing that had broken 
the rite.  Each of them was brandishing a crude axe, or cudgel, or whatever type 
blunt object they could lay their scaly hands on.
	"The Flame shall Consume," Tenchi said again as he laid the ruby onto the 
altar.
	"Diiiiiiieeeee!" the damnable beast screeched as he leapt towards Tenchi.  
Marnot lunged towards the creature, but it reached Tenchi first.  Tenchi 
screamed as the beast's talons ripped into his flesh.  Clutching his wounded 
side Tenchi began to summon the lighthawk wings, but the things tail managed to 
wrap itself around his leg and topple him.  Tenchi it the ground hard before 
Marnot managed to crack the slimy thing upside its head.  The thing staggered 
about for a second before it leapt towards Marnot, fully intent on finishing 
what it had started out side the sanctuary of fire.
	Using the distraction Ayeka ran over to Tenchi and helped him to his feet.  
After pressing her jacket sleeve against Tenchi wound she turned her attention 
to Marnot.  The guardian was wrestling the Dark Ones messenger with all of his 
strength, but it was strength like Ayeka had never seen before.  The physical 
aura Marnot was exuding as he fought off the lizardman near godlike.  The only 
time she had seen anything close to it was when Tenchi would summon the 
lighthawk wings.  Finally Marnot gained the firm upper hand.  
	"I will personally see you to HELL!" Marnot screamed as he wrapped his 
hands around the creature's throat.  Yellow ichors began to gurgle up from its 
lips as Marnot channeled all of his rage into the beast.  "DIE!" he screamed as 
the thing burst into a hellish flame before fading from this reality.  
With a determination that he had not shown in ten millennia Marnot turned to 
Tenchi.  "Finish the rite!" he ordered, still aglow with hellfire.  "I will see 
to it that there shall be no further interference."   Marnot then turned his 
gaze to the approaching hordes and began to project an energy field to hold the 
hordes away.  The hisses and screeches of the beasts pierced the air as they 
harmlessly clamored around the wall of crackling energy.  
	Tenchi nodded as he placed the ruby back onto the altar and repeated the 
incantation.  The gray statue of Shigeru glowed red before it became the 
embodiment of the regal guardian.
	"I grant thee entrance to the sanctuary of light, master of flame."  
Tenchi nodded as all of the guardians turned their gaze heavenwards.  A mark 
appeared on each of their foreheads in the color of the spirit stone that 
represented them.  
	"We command thee," they spoke in unison, "Sanctuary of Light, grant this 
Champion entrance!"  That spoken a shaft of light erupted from the obelisk and 
began to sweep out towards the inner circle of stones.
	"By Tsunami," Ayeka muttered as the light engulfed Tenchi, before it 
collapsed back into the Obelisk.  Once it did so, the guardians returned to 
their statue form.  "Tenchi?" Ayeka whispered, not sure of what she had just 
witnessed.
	"He is in the sanctuary of light," Marnot said, having regained some of 
usually calm mannerisms.  "I apologize for having to see that side of me," he 
said taking Ayeka's hand.  "But my first duty is to protect the champion at all 
costs."
	"W-what about the rest of those things?" Ayeka said remembering the hordes 
that closing on them.
	"I would not worry about them," Marnot said as he drew Ayeka close to him.  
"I feel that after Tenchi unlocked the sanctuary, they will not come near this 
place."  In fact Marnot had the pleasure of watching every last one of he things 
turn tail and run when the gate the sanctuary was opened.  They may like to 
fight, but a giant column of light accompanied by rolling thunder and massive 
electrical discharges usually is enough to deter semi-dumb creatures.
	"I hope you're right," Ayeka said as she pressed her face into his chest.  
	"I promised the champion that I will not let any harm befall you," Marnot 
said as he stroked the back of her long violet tresses.  "I will use all of my 
power to uphold that oath.  I swear it."        
	"Isn't this a touching sight?" a baritone voice called out as Marnot 
cradled Ayeka.  "So this is what you are willing to give up everything for?"
	"I have already dealt with you," Marnot said as Ignatius Baltus stepped 
out from behind one of the monoliths.  "Or do I need to repeat my self to you as 
well?"
	"Would you use such language in front of a lady?" Baltus asked 
sarcastically.  "Besides, my being here does not concern you."
	"Then why are you here?" Ayeka said.  She could understand why Marnot did 
like this Baltus character.  He was cold, callous, and calculating.  That and 
what he did to Ryoko...
	"I await the champions return," Baltus said stoically.  "When and if he 
succeeds it is I who will return him to the Elder."
	"What about his sacrifice?" Marnot inquired.  He knew all too well that 
that they would Washu's daughter at their side when the time came to face the 
Dark One.
	"That is of no concern to me," Baltus said coldly.  Ayeka cringed as the 
ice hung to his words.
	"Have you no heart?" the princess asked.
	"I have no need for such trifles."
	"And that is why you will always be alone," Ayeka added clutching Marnot 
even more tightly.

***

	Far from the edge of the known universe there is only darkness.  In this 
vast expanse there is neither time nor light.  This is the prison of the one who 
turned against creation.  Deep in its depths his darkness has silently taken 
form once more, and now he stands poised to restart what he left unfinished 
those long millennia ago.  His armies have already laid waste to the eternal 
realm and have launched a second campaign in an attempt to silence the Megami he 
hates so passionately.  If this being is capable of any emotion, it is that of 
pure and unbridled hatred.  A vile contempt for all that stands opposite to him.    
	And now his power has returned and he had broken the bonds that held him 
for so long.  One of his lesser emissaries has already gauged the new champions 
strength, and he is confident that the child will not stand in opposition to 
him.  Soon his physical form will be complete.  Soon he will topple those fools 
who would not see the truth in his words.  Soon the wretched Megami will lie 
dead at his feet, as will the Elders champion.  All of creation will be wiped 
clean, returned to a state of pureness not seen in eons.  So are his desires, 
and so shall he see them carried out.  
	For he is Aescheron, the Fallen, and vengeance shall be his.

The Odyssey shall continue in The Trilogy of Light: Twilight.       
	     
	 
		

