"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.


Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Twenty-three: Hotter than Hell



	For the longest Ignatius Baltus stood dumbfounded outside the sanctuary of 
fire.  He had tried to reason with his ages old friend, but he would not listen.  
His mind had been clouded by petty emotion, and he had made what Baltus 
classified as the biggest mistake of his millennia old life.  Actually, it was 
the worst mistake Baltus could ever imagine.

	Baltus shook his head in disbelief as he came to the final recognition of 
what Marnot had just done.  The wind had just picked up this desolate little 
mud-ball he was standing on.  A slight grin slid across his face as he watched 
the last traces of Marnot's footprints be obliterated by the crisp breeze.  "As 
you shall be," Baltus mused.  If anyone had been present in the canyon, they 
would have heard cold laughter only drowned out by the sound of Baltus' 
teleportation.


**********


	Marnot pushed open the first set of doors in the sanctuary of fire.  The 
heat from the flows of molten metal was sweltering, but nothing he could not 
handle.  The echoes of his footfalls became intertwined as he raced down the 
solitary corridor.  As he raced the grandeur of the hall with its 
representations of Washu was lost on him.  He was in a hurry.

	Marnot had taken it upon himself to alter the fates, something, which 
would probably be punished severely.  A slight grin sneaked onto his face as he 
ran down the marbled lane.  He never was one for authority figures and besides: 
how many people can claim to have openly defied the Elder.  The only thing he 
hoped for was that he lived long enough to tell about it.

	"This is taking too long!" Marnot said to himself as he dashed into he 
next hall.  He cleared the chasm that had nearly claimed Tenchi with one bound.  
From there he morphed into a cheetah, or some similar beast.  "Much better!" he 
purred to himself as the ornate temple walls passed in a blur of so many colors.  
He was racing the clock, and to keep this all from being for naught, he pushed 
himself harder than he had ever before. 



*********


	Tenchi breathed heavily as Shigeru tightened his grip on Ayeka.  The heat 
radiating from the demon was nearly unbearable.  Tenchi was drenched from sweat 
and Ayeka's clothing was a shade darker from perspiration as well.  The demon 
had Ayeka firmly in his grasp, and Tenchi knew that if made any sudden move that 
Shigeru would kill Ayeka with out hesitation.

	"Let her go," Tenchi said calmly.
	
	"And why should I?" Shigeru laughed.  "You can not harm me boy, and I can 
kill her whenever I choose."  Ayeka let out a pained yelp as Shigeru's talons 
pricked her skin.  Tenchi started to move towards her, but the demon stopped 
him.   "I would not," he said wagging a finger at Tenchi.  

	"Take me," Tenchi offered.  

	Shigeru raised a fiery eyebrow at Tenchi's request.  "An interesting 
offer," mused Shigeru as his free hand stroked his square jaw.  "But I think 
not.  For you see, I have grown fond of the princess here."  Tenchi cringed as 
Shigeru inhaled deeply over Ayeka.

	"Tenchi!" Ayeka screamed as the air was sucked out from around her in one 
sickening sniff.

	"She smells, oh so sweet," Shigeru said as his blackened tongue wet his 
lips again.  "I wonder if she tastes the same?"  Tenchi's rage was building.  He 
had to save Ayeka, but as long as Shigeru had her, he could do nothing.

	'I need a diversion,' Tenchi thought to himself.  By now the heat was 
really getting to him.  Salty sweat stung his eyes, making it hard to keep his 
focus on Shigeru.  To make matters worse, his drenched palms were making it 
difficult to keep a grip on the light hawk sword.  Everything was in Shigeru's 
favor, and the demon knew it.


	All Ayeka could think about getting free from Shigeru's grasp.  Her body 
was aching from the pressure the demon had applied to her, and she could feel 
blood ooze from the spots where his talons had pricked her.  'Stay calm,' she 
kept repeating in her mind.  Ayeka knew full well that if she panicked, she 
would die.

	For some strange reason Ayeka found her mind slipping away from Tenchi and 
Shigeru.  She kept imagining Marnot.  The image of the raven-haired guardian was 
plastered across her subconscious.  She saw his soft skin tone, his mischievous 
smile, and his golden eyes.  

	'How strange' she though as Tenchi and Shigeru continued their pointless 
banter.  Her mind was elsewhere when her life on the line here.  Once again she 
thought, she would be denied the possibility of love.


	"Cease this prattle boy," Shigeru boomed.  Ayeka cringed as his thunderous 
voice rang in her ears.  "I grow weary of all of this.  I think that now you 
shall die!"  Shigeru raised his hellblade and prepared to attack Tenchi when 
another voice joined the fray.

	"I may have to disagree with that," said Marnot as he stepped into 
Shigeru's arena.

	"Marnot!" squeaked Ayeka as the guardian took his place next to Tenchi. 
Shigeru scowled at this insignificant intruder.  He was just another ant to be 
crushed under his heel.

	"I thought you couldn't help me," said Tenchi as Marnot summoned his war 
hammer.

	"I'm not," Marnot replied honestly.  "I'm here to save the girl.  It's up 
to you to stop the demon."

	"I see," said Tenchi as Shigeru realized what was going on.

	"So shall we?" Asked Marnot as he swept a hand toward Shigeru.

	"Let's!" 

	Ayeka's eyes widened as Tenchi and Marnot charged Shigeru headlong.  "Oh 
God..." she whimpered as the furious demon roared once again.  Marnot swung his 
hammer around as he charged the demon, the crystal eyes in its carved wolfs head 
trailing streaks of iridescent light.

	"Fools!" cursed Shigeru as he braced for the onslaught.  Tenchi was the 
first to strike, landing a solid blow with the light hawk sword against 
Shigeru's blade.  The demon held firmly onto Ayeka as he tried to ward off his 
attackers, but this was not to his advantage.

	Marnot realized this and he sent his uru mallet flying towards Shigeru's 
left shoulder.  It impacted with a sickening thud.  The demon held his ground 
against Tenchi, but he did what Marnot had wanted him to: he dropped Ayeka.

	Ayeka screamed as the ground rushed up to great her, but her hard landing 
never came.  Finally she opened her eyes to the sight of Marnot cradling her.  
Out of instinct she wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly 
until he was solidly on the ground.  "Miss me?" he asked playfully as he sat her 
down.  Ayeka's answer was unspoken and definitive.

	"I would say," Marnot chuckled as he broke the kiss Ayeka had given him.

	"Marnot," she began as his hammer returned to his hand.

	"Don't ask," he laughed.  He knew that he was going to be in it deep for 
what he had just done, but he really did not care.  Marnot drew Ayeka close to 
him as they watched Tenchi battle Shigeru.  "It's up to him," he said worriedly 
as the young champion pressed his attack.


	The first thing Shigeru did with his free hand was to bat Tenchi away.  
The young champion had been expecting this and managed to dodge most of the 
blow.   Tenchi somersaulted away from Shigeru and fortunately landed on his 
feet.  Enraged at the intrusion Shigeru swung his broad sword wildly as he 
charged Tenchi.

	Tenchi rolled to his left, and then back to his right, barely avoiding the 
blazing edge of Shigeru's sword.  Tenchi threw up his light hawk shield just 
long enough to block Shigeru's next thrust before he vaulted to the side and 
hurled his blade towards the demon.  'Got 'em!' Tenchi congratulated himself.

	The glistening white blade pierced the demons thick hide with a stomach-
turning sizzle earning an ear splitting roar of pain from Shigeru.  "You will 
suffer!" screeched the demon as he clutched his arm.  Tenchi watched as his 
grimace turned into smile.

	'What's he doing?' thought Tenchi as Shigeru grinned wildly.  'Uh-oh,' he 
concluded when the demon pulled his hand from the wound to reveal it to be 
completely healed.

	"It will take more than a mere prick to fell me," laughed Shigeru.

	"This is not good," commented Marnot as he held Ayeka close to him.

	"How can he be defeated?" Her voice was full of fear, even though the 
guardian had his powerful arms wrapped around her.

	"I'm trying to remember," said Marnot as his eyes darted from Tenchi to 
Shigeru, and then back to Tenchi.  "This is not how I remember Shigeru from the 
last Odyssey."  Ayeka looked up at him somewhat confused.  "Of course it's been 
a couple hundred years since the last Odyssey."

	"Did the champion survive?" Ayeka asked, not really sure if she wanted to 
know the answer or not.

	"I believe the saying is 'by the skin of his teeth'," Marnot said as he 
watched Tenchi be knocked back again.  He cringed as the young champion impacted 
the wall rather hard.  "Or what was left of his teeth," he concluded.  Ayeka 
looked up to him with a look of concern, not sure whether he was serious or not, 
before she returned her gaze to the melee before her.

	Tenchi breathed heavily as he pulled himself up off the ground.  Shigeru 
had to have a weakness, the problem was just what was it?  'At least Ayeka is 
safe,' he thought as he leveled his blade towards the demon again.  With a yell 
he charged the demon once more.  Shigeru's imposing height gave him the 
advantage in leverage, but his mass made his movement slower.  'That's it!' 
Tenchi realized.  He had to out move Shigeru, not out fight him.  The demon 
would win any contest of strength, but he could not keep up with a more agile 
opponent, or at least Tenchi hoped so.         


**********


	Washu stood up and stretched.  She had been studying the ancient text 
Mihoshi and Kiyone had retrieved for her for nearly a day straight now, and it 
was time for a break.  By her calculations tomorrow would be the day to make her 
move.  He stomach was turning cartwheels as she walked past Ryoko's stasis bed.  
All of this was not only for her, but for everyone else Washu loved.  It had 
been twenty thousand years since she had walked in the eternal realm.  

	That number flashed across Washu's mind again.  'Could it have really been 
that long?' she asked her self.  'I don't even know if the indigenous life on 
this planet had evolved into civilizations yet,' she thought.  Much had changed 
in the past twenty millennia.  Mast importantly she wondered how much her sister 
had changed.

	After her initial suspicions Washu had chalked the Dr. Clay incident up to 
Tokimi using any means necessary to make contact with her, at least that what 
she hoped.  The three sisters had parted company on rather forced conditions.  
Even though they had played a major role in the Celestial War and aided the 
Champion, the Elder saw fit to dive the Juraian Triumvirate.  The decision had 
been forced on them, and for the most part it had been for the better.

	All three of them developed their own pursuits and areas of interest, and 
they tried to stay in contact as much as the realities of inter-dimension travel 
and communications would allow.  But after the first few millennia memories 
began to dim and they drifted apart. Tsunami was guiding Jurai into a new golden 
age greater than the one that preceded The Fall.  Washu had focused on the 
creative aspect of her past divinity and passed herself off as genius scientist.  
She even used the proper means to earn the necessary degrees.  As for Tokimi, 
she was forced to remain in the eternal realm.  Washu was sure her existence had 
to be lonely, but Tokimi was charged with watching over all areas of creation, 
so it could not be that insufferable.

	"Little Washu?" asked Kiyone as the red headed genius passed silently 
behind the Galaxy Police officer.  "Are you all right?"

	Washu shook her head and blinked quickly as Kiyone's words brought her 
back from her deep thought.  "I recon," she said slowly.  "If I haven't thanked 
you yet for getting that book, let me say so now."

	The dire look on Washu's face troubled Kiyone.  Washu usually managed to 
keep a chipper attitude even when the worst was happening.  "You're welcome," 
Kiyone said earnestly.  "Is something the matter Little Washu?"

	Washu sighed almost to the point of deflation and sat down next to Kiyone.  
"I'm worried about all of this, real worried."

	"What exactly is this evil that's approaching?" Kiyone inquired.  Her 
detective nature had just gotten the better of her, and she hoped that she would 
not regret the answer.

	Washu fumbled for the right words for a second before she decided on the 
least harmful response.  "If I told you the truth," she began solemnly, "you 
would never sleep again."  Kiyone's eyes turned into saucers as Washu deadpanned 
the minor details of what was approaching them.

	"So basically it's a..." Kiyone's voice trailed off as Washu nodded in 
grim confirmation.  "But how?"

	"I'm not really sure," Washu admitted.  "I did not know then, and I do not 
know now.  All I do know for certain is that our chances of survival are next to 
nil."  Kiyone swallowed audibly before she got and headed for the refrigerator.  
"Whatcha' doing?" Washu asked quizzically. 

	"I need a drink," Kiyone admitted as she pulled an Orion from the fridge.  
"You want one?"

	"Sounds good to me," the genius said as she leaned back into the 
overstuffed cushion of the couch.  In truth it would take a lot more than a cold 
beer to ease her mind over this, but she was willing to indulge Kiyone.  Washu 
had always sympathized with the teal tressed GP, usually for having to put up 
with Mihoshi.  But in fact Washu saw Kiyone as a kindred spirit.  Being a 
detective Kiyone sought the truth, and as a scientist Washu endeavored for the 
same thing.  A truth is a truth, whether it is in law enforcement or the realm 
of science. 

	"To the end of the world," Kiyone toasted in jest.

	"To the end of the universe," Washu toasted back earnestly.  A slight 
laugh rose up from the pair as they drank their beers. For some reason it seemed 
to be in human nature to face the gravest dangers with a bit of levity.  Washu 
just hoped that this would not be the last time she got to share a drink with 
her kindred soul here.


****************


	"Stay still!" howled Shigeru as Tenchi once again dodged his sword attack.  
The demon was becoming infuriated as Tenchi swiftly dodged each of his attacks.  
By the time the demon could bring his mass around to deliver a blow, Tenchi 
would have already moved to the next spot.  

	The problem was that Tenchi knew that his attacks were not inflicting 
enough damage to Shigeru.  A slash here, a jab there, but they would all heal 
over after a few minutes.  Tenchi needed to find the vital spot to hit him, but 
Shigeru's leathery hide seemed to be equally invulnerable.  'He has to have a 
soft spot!' Tenchi thought as his next blow slashed across the demons right leg.

	Ayeka covered her ears as Shigeru screamed in agony.  Marnot had been 
studying the battle intensely, trying to find a way for Tenchi to gain the upper 
hand.  This last blow to the legs looked promising, but it too healed quickly. 
Marnot train of thought was interrupted as Ayeka squeezed him tighter.  He 
calmly stroked the back of her violet hair.  He would not let any more harm 
befall her, even if it meant giving up his immortality and living his life as a 
mortal.  But for now all he could do is watch Tenchi fight the titanic demon.

	Shigeru's rage was mounting as he tried to squash the insignificant insect 
thrashing about in front of him.  Tenchi could see this and he used it to his 
advantage.  Shigeru's attacks were becoming wildly incoherent, which also made 
them that much more dangerous.  But it also gave Tenchi more opportunities to 
attack back.

	"Worm!" screamed the demon as his blade impacted the wall behind Tenchi 
and stuck fast.  This was just the opportunity Tenchi needed.  Tenchi bounded 
off one of the wrecked columns and arced his blade down across Shigeru's arm, 
cleaving it just below his elbow.

	"That's it!" snapped Marnot in delight.  "Come on!" he urged Tenchi as the 
champion rolled away from Shigeru's remaining hand.  Tenchi quickly pulled 
himself up and watched Shigeru, trying to figure out how to capitalize on this 
success.

	"You...will...die!" The demon hissed as he held the stump of his right 
arm.  Orange ichors flowed between his fingers before the wound healed over.  
Shigeru howled in eternal fury as he pulled the remnants of his right arm free 
from the hilt of his sword and tossed it towards Ayeka and Marnot.  The guardian 
and princess dodged it in plenty of time before it skidded to a stopped across 
from them.  Shigeru pulled his sword free and leveled his gaze at Tenchi.

	"Boy," he hissed in a voice full of venom, "I will drink your blood, along 
with the blood of your insignificant friends cowering over there."

	Tenchi leveled the light hawk sword at Shigeru and began a pattern his 
grandfather had taught him.  "I would not be so certain of that," Tenchi 
admonished as he finished the routine.  "Pride breeds contempt, and contempt 
breeds destruction."

	"Pretty words," Shigeru laughed.  "But I do not fear words."

	"Then fear this!" Tenchi yelled as he charged Shigeru one final time.  The 
demon howled and returned the charge.  Ayeka could not watch as the ground 
between them closed at an alarmingly fast rate.

	"Come on!" urged Marnot as Tenchi brought his sword back to the home 
position.  "Come on!"  Shigeru was the first to strike but Tenchi jumped over 
his blade and sent the light hawk sword flying towards the demons face.  Its 
path was true as it pierced his left eye before dissipating.  Tenchi quickly 
reformed the blade and began his next charge as Shigeru tried to cover his 
wounded eye, but all he could do was the hilt of his sword up to the damaged 
socket.

	"That was smart," complimented Marnot.

	"How so?" asked Ayeka as she watched Tenchi make his way back around the 
demon.

	"Now he has to use his right eye only," explained Marnot as Shigeru missed 
Tenchi by a full kilometer with his wild attack.  "But he is fighting left 
handed, but his left peripheral vision is blind" he continued as Tenchi dodged 
another attack.  "The champion has created a blind side for himself to attack 
on."

	"I see," whispered Ayeka she watched Tenchi attack from Shigeru's left 
side.  The demon blocked the attack at the last moment but allowed Tenchi to 
gain more momentum.  

	The demon was attacking wildly in every direction, blinded not only 
physically, but also by his rage.  Tenchi rolled under another attack as Shigeru 
screamed some incoherent profanity at him.  Tenchi was sure that if he could 
understand what the demon was saying, he would be highly offended, but now he 
had to press the attack.
	
	"That was not very kind," commented Marnot with a disgusted look on his 
face.

	"What did he say?" asked Ayeka, not sure if she really wanted to know or 
not.

	"Something about the young champions ancestry," Marnot said with a cringe 
as Shigeru swung his blade wildly once more.

	"That's my ancestry too!" Ayeka quipped somewhat offended her self.  
Marnot chuckled slightly at Ayeka's outburst.  Tenchi did have the upper hand 
now, but he needed to capitalize on it soon, before Shigeru got lucky and 
managed to land a blow.

	Tenchi saw that Shigeru's attacks were becoming more and more labored.  
His strategy had worked; the demon could not keep up with his speed.  In a burst 
of speed and agility vaulted off the wall just as Shigeru brought his blade down 
one last time.

	"Do it!" howled Marnot as Tenchi brought the light hawk sword across the 
demons neck.  The attack was over as quickly as it had begun.  Tenchi landed 
across from Shigeru and scrambled to a defensive position as the mortally 
wounded demon stumbled about.  Shigeru's sword clanked loudly against the ruined 
marbled flooring as he brought his remaining hand up to his neck, but it was of 
no use.

	Shigeru tried to curse Tenchi one last time but all that came forth from 
his bloody lips was a sick gurgling sound.  With a last strained wheeze the 
demon fell forward with an earthshaking thump.  His severed head skidded to a 
stop at Tenchi's feet.

	"Well done!" complimented Marnot as Tenchi dissipated his Jurai power.

	"Tenchi!" Ayeka squeaked as she threw her arms around his neck.

	"Just saving the girl?" Tenchi asked as he returned Ayeka's hug.

	"Seemed like the right thing to at the time," Marnot joked as he walked 
around the smoldering remains off the fire demon.  "Besides," he laughed.  
"You're spoken for."  That garnered a laugh from everyone as the remains of the 
fire demon burned themselves to ashes.  "This was not Shigeru," Marnot revealed 
after a moment of deliberation.

	"What do you mean?" Tenchi asked.  'Great,' he thought.  'All I need is to 
face another one of these things.'

	"Shigeru was not a demon," Marnot explained, "or at least I do not 
remember him being a demon."

	"Then where is the real Shigeru?" Ayeka inquired of her newfound love.

	"That way I guess," said Marnot as he chucked a thumb towards the set of 
doors that had just opened across from them.

	"We have to find the fire stone," commented Tenchi as he led the way.  
Ayeka slid her arm around Marnot's as they followed Tenchi farther into into the 
sanctuary of fire.


**************


	"And that is my report," Baltus said on bended knee before his masters.

	"You may go," boomed the Elder in crimson.

	"But master..." objected Baltus before he was reprimanded.

	"Go!" the Elder's voice echoed across the shrine.  Reluctantly Baltus rose 
up and exited the Shrine of the Elder.

	"What shall we do with him?" asked the elder in the green cloak.

	"Everyone must choose for themselves," started the one in crimson as he 
took his seat at the center of the Elder's throne.  "If this is what he wants so 
it is.  We have more important matters to deal with than a rebellious guardian."

	"The Megamisama," stated the one in azure.

	"Precisely," admitted the one in crimson as he steepled his fingers.  "We 
cannot defeat the dark one without their assistance."

	"And yet we cannot allow them to regain their former stature," interjected 
the elder in the purple cloak.

	"It is a risk we must take," the one in crimson concluded.  His brethren 
nodded in agreement as they shifted their eternal gaze back to the Odyssey 
unfolding beneath them.




The Odyssey shall continue in Fire Break.


How did all of you like the demon?  Was it a worthy challenge for our hero or 
not?  Things are about to get interesting as the dark one approach's.  William 
Nichols.


         
