The disclaimer from the previous chapter goes for this one as well.


Tenchi Muyo!
Odyssey

Chapter Twenty-six:
The Trilogy of Light: Dawn by William Nichols

	The dying light of the evening cast eerie, dreadful shadows as it poked 
through the arched windows of the royal palace on Jurai.  Blackened fingers 
wrapped around the fluted wooden columns and elegantly styled arches.  If one 
allowed their imagination to run from him or her, they could probably see all 
sorts of hobgoblins and creatures of the night lurking in the impending 
darkness.  Maybe you would see a sinister face hiding behind a column; possibly 
a phantom lurking in the shadows; or maybe a pair of luminescent eyes staring 
back at you from some foreboding place. Most people would dismiss such things 
for what they really are: figments of an over-active imagination.  Fairytales 
told to frighten little children into behaving; nothing to be feared.
	That is what one would usually say.
	Such whimsical thoughts were far from the mind of Queen Funaho Jurai as 
she walked down one of those shadowy, fairytale corridors.  In the thousand 
years she had been first queen only once before had she had such a feeling of 
dread and apprehension, and that fitful ordeal ended over eight hundred years 
ago.
	Funaho chewed her bottom lip as the click-clack of her heels echoed down 
the lonely corridors.  Two guards snap to attention and salute as she passes by.  
Usually Funaho would nod in deference to their respect, but this day her mind is 
elsewhere.  Silently she passes the guards leaving them to their solitary posts.  
They hear an anguished sigh as the last rays of evening light fade into a rosy 
glow.  Obviously something was weighing heavy on their beloved queen.  It is a 
good thing that they did not know just what it was or just how heavily it was 
weighing on their beloved queen.
	There had not been much good news delivered to Funaho in the past two 
weeks.  After giving Washu one of her clearance cards for level red items at the 
Academy archives she had begun to wonder if the diminutive genius was not being 
entirely forthcoming.  To compound her suspicions was the fact that Tsunami was 
not being entirely forthcoming either, but She was a god and that was Her 
prerogative.  Funaho had accepted long ago that something's were beyond mortal 
control.
	But when she saw her daughter and grandson's face splashed across the 
galaxy on the evening news she had to have answers.
	After using a few persuasive methods with Washu and Yosho the entire story 
had been revealed.  She knew that Tenchi had been chosen to be the Elder's 
champion.  She knew that Ryoko had been taken as his sacrifice.  She knew all 
too well the dangers facing Tenchi and Ayeka.  That had been a day she hoped 
would never happen.  That was a day her worst fears and nightmares returned.  
And on that day Funaho felt a little piece of herself die.
	"Milady?" spoke the palace guard right before Funaho walked into the 
closed doors in front of her.  The puzzled queen blinked a time or two as she 
realized where she was.  "Is there a problem Milady?" the guard asked out of 
honest concern.
	"No," Funaho lied.  The guard watched her curiously as she fumbled around 
in her robes for a second before producing her clearance card and swiping it 
across the scanner.  She continued to bite her lip as the scanner recognized 
her.
	"Please step forward for retinal and voice imprint," a tinny computerized 
voice commanded.  Funaho stepped forward and looked into the green laser light.
	"Funaho Jurai," she spoke calmly.  "Access code: Tenchi-ken, Alpha, 
Epsilon, five, one, oh, nine, six, Tau."
	"Confirmed," the metallic voice replied.  The guard snapped to attention 
as the doors slid apart with the slightest hydraulic whisper.  
	"As you were," Funaho spoke as the doors closed behind her.  The guard 
emitted a tension-relieving sigh.  It was not every day that the first queen 
came to the Ministry of Intelligence's operations center.
	The light in the ops center was dimmer than the fading light that was 
washing over the palace.  What little light there was in the center was provided 
by the rows of bluish fluorescent tubes that sat snuggle in their ceiling 
recesses.  Added to this unnatural illumination was the green glow of numerous 
terminal screens.  As Funaho passed thru this surreal environ few looked up from 
their monitors.  They had all been hand recruited by her, so her presence was no 
cause for alarm.  After passing thru the seemingly endless rows of terminals 
Funaho found the person she was in search of.
	"Minister," Funaho said calmly.  A lithe man wearing the traditional robes 
of the Juraian court looked up from the papers he had been reading.  His 
shoulder length white hair reflected the various hues of blue and green that was 
cast upon it.  His face bore the lines of man who had spent the majority of his 
life in worry, which betrayed his age.  In general he was a very amiable, if 
somewhat fidgety, person.
	"Milady," he said as he pushed his small round spectacles back up his 
nose.  "I am glad you came."
	"I figured it was urgent," Funaho replied as the minister led her towards 
a large pane of glass with the Juraian sector mapped out on it in relevance to 
the rest of the galaxy.
	"Indeed it is," he said placing a hand on the shoulder of one of the young 
technicians manning the display.  The young woman nodded respectfully and left 
the Minister and Queen in private.  "As you can see our borders with Tyran space 
have been secured," he began as he pointed to the red line and to the blue 
triangles representing the Juraian ships on the border.
	"Very good," Funaho said, but this did not require her presence.  I know 
the border has been secured.  Why did he call me down here? Unless... "What are 
you not telling me?" she asked playing off of the intuition.  The Minister 
fidgeted even more than normal and motioned towards the area on the map opposite 
of the Jurai sector.  "What is it?" Funaho asked.  The only thing out there was 
a few of Jurai's most recent exodite worlds.
	"We have lost contact with this region," the minister finally spat out.
	"What do you mean?" Funaho asked.  True, interstellar communication is far 
from perfect.  Any number of stellar phenomena could interfere with 
communications.
	"Total contact," he said, placing emphasis on 'contact'.  Funaho vaguely 
stared at him as she tried to decipher his cryptic answer.  Seeing this the 
Minister decided that for the safety of his neck he had better elaborate more.  
	"It is as if this region of space has ceased to exist," he continued.
	"Ceased? To exist?"  Funaho asked trying to digest his words.
	"Yes, Milady," he sighed.  "We can detect the location of this sector," he 
paused to find the right words, "but we cannot confirm the existence of this 
sector of space."        
	"What has caused this?" Funaho asked, trying to hide the panic in her 
voice.  Sectors of space just do not simply vanish.
	"Near as we can tell," the Minister started as he flipped though the pages 
he had been carrying, "It is a wave of darkness."
	"A wave of darkness?"
	"Near as we can tell."  Funaho just shook her head.  This did not make any 
sense.  Once again fearing his neck the Minister spoke forth.  "We have used 
every scanning and detection method imaginable, and few that we just invented," 
he continued.  "Spectral, astral, temporal, gamma wave, beta wave, alpha 
particle, chronometric, red shift, e-mag; you name it," he ticked off using his 
fingers.  "Everything is just absorbed by the wave."
	"Then how do you know it is a wave of darkness?" Funaho asked.  Darkness 
does travel in waves.  In fact darkness does not travel at all!
	"We looked," the minister admitted somewhat sheepishly.
	"You looked?"
	"Yes Milady.  When all of the other sensors failed, we had the Academy 
focus their highest powered, optical telescope towards this sector."
	"And what did they see?"
	"Darkness.  Pure darkness."  
	Funaho stared at the chart, trying to comprehend what she had just been 
told.  Could this have anything to do with what the high priest told me today, 
she mentally asked herself.
	"And it gets worse," the Minister continued.
	"How?"
	"It's moving."
	"M-m-moving?" Funaho deadpanned.
	"Yes Milady," he said gravely.  "By our calculations the Jurai sector will 
be engulfed in less than three days, and after that this entire quadrant within 
the week."  Funaho swallowed audibly at this grave prediction.  "And a week 
after that, the entire galaxy will be engulfed, not that we'd be around to see 
it."
	"Three days," Funaho parroted.  The Minister only nodded.  This has to be 
related to what the priest told me, and what's happening to Tenchi, she thought 
as the dark line slowly inched across the map.

*****

	"Where am I?" Ayeka asked as the world hazily came into view around her.  
"What is this place?"  The last thing she remembered was falling asleep in 
Marnot's arms after they had transported away from the sanctuary of fire.  Her 
paramour had landed them on a rather desolate piece of rock that was near the 
galactic core, as he had explained.  The proximity of the planet to the galactic 
core washed it constantly in a warm glow, even at night.  But it was no worse 
that the night lights of Tokyo or the capital city of Jurai.
	That was the last thing Ayeka had remembered before sleep had claimed her.  
Needless to say the place she now found herself in was not the place in which 
she had fallen asleep.  
	"W-w-what's going on?" she frantically asked into the darkness that 
surrounded her; total and complete darkness.  Ayeka swallowed hard and tried to 
burry the overwhelming sense of panic that was permeating every fiber of her 
being.  
	"Tenchi!  Marnot!" she called out over and over again as she ran through 
the darkened landscape.  At every turn she encountered more and more darkness.  
What is happening to me?  What has happened to Tenchi and Marnot?
	Ayeka's breaths were coming in short, jagged huffs as she desperately ran 
through the darkness.  After running for what felt like hours she could not go 
any further.  "Tenchi!" she sobbed as she fell to her knees and buried her face 
into her palms.  Warm tears flowed between her fingers as Ayeka tried to choke 
back her sobs.  At that moment she felt a comforting hand touch her shoulder.  
"M-Marnot?" she hesitantly asked as she turned to see who was behind her.
	And then she screamed.
	Death towered above Ayeka in all of its horrific, morbid glory.  The being 
was at least two and a half meters tall and cloaked in the black robes one would 
traditionally depict death as cloaked in.  The terrified princess backpedaled as 
Death's half-decomposed hand reached for her again; bits of fetid flesh hanging 
from its ancient fingers.  Ayeka screamed again as the Beasts eyes flared, 
illuminating the rotted flesh of its foul face.  Deaths skin was corpse white.  
Vast chunks of that skin had peeled away revealing the putrid flesh beneath.  
	As Death twisted its black lips into a wicked smile another piece fell 
from its decayed face, revealing a mass of writhing maggots, which began to 
spill forth from the opened lesion.  "You are mine!" Death proclaimed as Ayeka 
shrieked once more.  Now the darkness was replaced with the glow of hellfire.  
	As Ayeka backpedaled she slipped on something and fell backward.  She 
braced herself expecting to hit the ground, but instead she was engulfed in a 
pool of thick, gooey liquid.  Gasping for air as she broke the surface of the 
pool Ayeka thought that the world had gone red, then she realized what she was 
in.  
Blood. 
	Then to her horror she saw whose blood it was.  The bodies of Tenchi, 
Sasami, Ryoko, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Marnot, and everyone else she held dear 
were crucified onto the walls of her hellish prison.  The pained visage of their 
death's looked as if they were blaming her for their demise.
	"Mine!" Death hissed as its wretched hand grabbed the top of her skull and 
pulled her from the pool of her loved ones blood.  Ayeka tried to scream once 
more but all that would come from her lips was incoherent syllables and grunts.  
Death twisted its putrid lips into a smile again as reached for Ayeka's throat.  
The last thing Ayeka heard was cold, callous laughter as her world faded from 
existence.
And then she woke up.
	"Ayeka!" Tenchi and Marnot said simultaneously as the terrified princess 
shot out of her bedroll screaming as if there was no tomorrow.  Marnot was the 
first to reach her and she willingly collapsed into his arms as violent sobs 
wracked her body.
	"Their, their," he comforted as her tears soaked his tunic.  Tenchi looked 
at Marnot quizzically but all the perplexed guardian could do is shrug slightly 
and continue to stroke the back of the distraught Ayeka's neck.  After she had 
regained a measure of her composure Ayeka pulled back from Marnot and stared 
blankly off into the unknown.
	"What happened?" Marnot asked softly.  Tenchi took a knee next to Ayeka 
and held her free hand
	"All a dream..." she muttered tonelessly.  "All a dream..."
	"What was?" Marnot asked, trying not to upset her any further. 
	"I cannot put it into words," Ayeka said with a shudder.  "You were all 
dead, and, and..."
	"And what?" Tenchi said as Ayeka's grip tightened on his and Marnot's 
hands.
	"And it came for me..." she sobbed falling back into Marnot's arms.  The 
guardian rocked back and forth slightly as he tried to comfort Ayeka.  Tenchi 
stood up and walked a few meters away as he tried to make sense of what Ayeka 
had said.  After Ayeka had fallen back into what he hoped would be a more 
merciful sleep, Marnot joined Tenchi across the clearing. 
	"What was that about?" Tenchi asked, trying not to wake up Ayeka.
	"I am not entirely sure," Marnot replied as he ran a hand through his 
raven hair.  "What ever she saw scared the hell out of her, plus some."
	Tenchi continued to pace before he spun around and stared Marnot in the 
eyes.  "Did that have anything to do with what is coming?" he demanded of the 
guardian.
	"I cannot say for certain," the disturbed guardian replied.
	"Cut the bullshit," Tenchi demanded.  "What happened to her?!"  
	Marnot chewed his bottom lip for a second before he sighed.  Why the hell 
not?  I'm in it deep enough as it is.  "Yes," Marnot answered.  "It had to do 
with what is coming."
	"What is it exactly?" Tenchi said.  "I know you said it was a fallen 
Elder, but that does not help me any."
	"When the Dark One fell he became the embodiment of everything that defies 
the light," Marnot explained, gesturing wildly.    "His desire is to wipe the 
slate of creation clean of what he sees as a perversion of its true destiny."
	"Why?" Tenchi quizzed.  "Destroying the universe seems so ironic.  I mean, 
what will it accomplish?  What will that leave him?"
	"A clean slate to draw the universe as he sees fit," Marnot explained as 
he too began to pace.  "A new dimension to populate with those that he deems 
worthy of life."
	"A universe of hell?" Tenchi asked.
	"That is how it appears to us," Marnot elaborated.  "But to him we are the 
universe of hell, and one of your family members is partly responsible for that 
outlook."
	Tenchi stared thunderstruck at Marnot for a brief second as his last words 
rang in his ears.  'And one of your family members is responsible...' "What does 
that mean?  Which one?  How?"
	"I do not know the details," Marnot lied, "your sacrifices mother and her 
sisters were responsible for the Dark One's turning against humanity some twenty 
thousand years ago."  Tenchi continued to gape as Marnot furthered his much over 
due explanation.  "He saw the Juraian trinity as decadent and corrupting the 
known universe.  When the other Elder refused to act upon his demands to destroy 
them he turned against creation and a full half of the heavens followed him.
	"The Elder sent their champion to eternal realm to enlist the aid of the 
Megami and they consented, trying to right the wrong they had seemingly set into 
motion.  After a war that nearly rent the heavens in two the Dark One and his 
minions were contained in a dimensional prison of sorts."
	"So how did he, they, escape?" Tenchi asked as the enormity of Marnot's 
revelations sank in on him.
	"Once again that is partly to blame on your family."  Before Tenchi could 
interrupt him Marnot held up a halting hand.  "Let me continue.  When the 
temporal entity known as KAIN broke out of sub-space and traveled across the 
dimensional barriers in an attempt to kill your family, you followed him.  While 
you were successful in preserving the timeline, all of that cross-dimensional 
travel weakened the barriers between the dimensions.  Add in the dimension 
hopping that happened during that incident with Haruna, and you have dimensional 
barriers that are weakened significantly.  
"Seeing this the Dark Once set about to free himself from his restraints.  The 
Elder had thought that their devises would be enough to contain the Dark One, 
but their power has diminished since his fall, that and the Juraian Megami were 
separated to keep any further incidents form occurring.  Little did the Elder 
realize at that time that their power was mutual.  The Megami are elder beings 
of a lower order, so naturally their power resonated with the Elders."  Marnot 
paused a second as Tenchi stared at him in near disbelief.  "The Elder may be 
nearly omnipotent but they are not omniscient." Tenchi nodded in either 
understanding or agreeance at Marnot's explanation of the Elder's short 
sightedness.   "With the triumvirate broken and a full half of the heavens 
locked away with the Dark One, the Elder's power has diminished to the point 
that it took their entire focus to contain the Dark One.  And not even the Elder 
can keep that level of focus up indefinitely."
	"That is why I was chosen as champion," Tenchi muttered barely above a 
whisper.  "I have to set right what we did."  Marnot only nodded.  "But why 
would that affect Ayeka like that?"
	"I would say because of her close link with Tsunami," Marnot said as he 
cast a glance back towards his sleeping love.  "Washu and Tsunami have traveled 
back to the eternal realm in an attempt to solicit the aid of their sister 
Tokimi," Marnot said as Ayeka rolled over onto her side.  "Something has to be 
happening beyond my sight and that bled through into Ayeka's subconscious."
	"I'm part Juraian," Tenchi said somewhat confused.  "So why did I not have 
the same dream?"
	"Ayeka has been in sync with the Jurai power radiated by Tsunami far 
longer than you have been, young champion.  That is the only reason I can offer 
as to why she experienced such a horrid vision."
	"So Tsunami is in danger?"
	"Not to my knowledge," Marnot said as he rubbed his temples.  If he had 
not been an eternal, he could have sworn that he had a headache setting in.  
"But something dark is transpiring, and it managed to push its way into her 
dream."
	"Like a premonition?"
	"Exactly."  Marnot's look became concerned as Ayeka moaned slightly before 
rolling over to her other side.  After watching her for another moment Marnot 
turned his attention back to the still stunned Tenchi.  "Now you have a better 
understanding of what is at stake here," the guardian sighed.
	"I do," Tenchi said as he set his resolve to righting what had been set 
into motion.  "You really do love her?" he asked of Marnot seemingly out of the 
blue.
	"As your Ryoko does you," he replied honestly.
	"I just hope we get to grow old with them," Tenchi said trying to lighten 
an all too serious situation.
	"As do I," replied a now grinning Marnot.  "Get some rest," he told 
Tenchi.  "I will stand watch."
	"Take care of her," Tenchi said as he slipped back into his bedroll.
	"With all of my power," Marnot promised.

****

	As Funaho left the Ministry of Intelligence the Minister's prediction 
weighed heavily on her mind.  She was certain that it had relevance to what the 
high priest had told her...

	Funaho bowed respectfully as she entered the Temple of Tsunami in the 
capital city on Jurai.  The massive structure was an ornate blend of carved 
stone, and living trees.  The trees had been grown millennia ago by the 
priesthood using their Jurai power to grow them into the various shapes and 
buttresses of the temple.  When someone said the temple was alive with the 
presence of Tsunami, it was a valid statement.
	But today Funaho had not come to pay her respects to Jurai's patron deity.  
The High Priest had requested an immediate audience, and she granted it.  It has 
to be dire, she reckoned.
	"My Queen," the priest said bowing before Funaho.  She calmly motioned for 
him to rise and he complied.  "I have had the most dire premonition," he said as 
calmly as he could.
	"What does it entail?" Funaho asked as the priest straightened the fabric 
of his flowing blue and white robe.
	"The end of our time," he said in all earnesty.  "Tsunami's light has 
grown dim."
	"How can that be?" inquired an alarmed Funaho.
	"I do not know but Her light is diminished and the seers have not been 
able to scry the lines of fate."
	"What are the implications of this?"
	"According to our ancient prophecies," he said before clearing his throat, 
"the end of all creation is nigh at hand."
	"Can you be certain of that?" Funaho asked.  All she needed was for an 
over zealous priest to create a panic preaching the end of the world.
	"When dealing with fate nothing can be certain," the priest replied.  "All 
I do know is that it is becoming increasingly difficult to sense the presence of 
Tsunami."
	"You will keep me informed," Funaho said as she turned to leave the 
temple.  "And you are not to spread this top the general populace.  Understood?"
	"Yes my Queen."

	At the time Funaho had dismissed the priest's words as simply Tsunami 
being involved elsewhere or just being fickle.  But following her meeting with 
the minister, she was now placing renewed credence onto the priest's words.

*****

	Katsuhito was drawn from his deep meditation by the soft beep of the 
communications console in the shrine office.  After her last visit to earth his 
mother had insisted that install one so that she could talk to her absent son 
whenever she wanted.  Reluctantly he rose from his thoughts and walked over to 
the seemingly normal filing cabinet.  After twisting the upper handle a small 
monitor rose from the cabinet's top.  
	"Yosho," came the voice of his mother as the screen came into focus.  The 
normally placid Funaho looked as if the weight of the universe had been thrust 
upon her shoulders.  The start of dark circles had begun under her eyes and her 
usually illustrious raven hair some how seemed a bit duller.
	"Yes mother," he replied as his generated disguise faded away.
	"I was just checking on everyone," she said.  "How is everyone holding 
up?" 
	Yosho bit his lip as he watched the worried expressions on his mothers 
face.  "Washu and Tsunami have traveled to the eternal realm," he said as 
Funaho's eyes went wide.  "Apart from that nothing has changed."
	"So that explains it..." Funaho mumbled.
	"What?"
	"Nothing important," Funaho lied.  "Listen Yosho," she began.  "Watch over 
Sasami and tell her I love her."
	"What's the matter mother?"
	"I think you should know," Funaho stated flatly.
	"I do," Yosho answered.
	"Yosho?"
	"Yes mother?"
	"I love you my son."
	"I love you as well mother," he said as the screen blinked out.  Katsuhito 
sighed as he twisted the cabinet handle back to its original position.  After 
the screen had clicked back into place he returned to his meditation.  Every 
thing was now in the hands of his grandson and the Megami.
	"May mercy be upon us all..." he whispered as he returned to his 
meditation.

***
          	
	"Mmmmmm," Ayeka sighed as her eyes opened to the warm light of the 
galactic core.
	"Sleep better?" Marnot asked as Ayeka stretched.  He had stayed awake all 
night watching over her after is discussion with Tenchi.  He would protect her 
with all of his power.
	"A little," she said softly.  "How much time do we have?"
	"A little over two days," Tenchi said as he clicked the orb on.  "There's 
not much left to eat," he added as he riffled thru the knapsack.  This had to be 
one of Washu's better inventions.  "Just a few energy bars," Tenchi, said with a 
somewhat disgusted look on his face.
	"They will have to do," Ayeka mumbled as she accepted one of the chocolate 
and granola bars.
	"We should get on the move," Marnot said as he stood up and stretched.
	"Let's check the medallion," Tenchi said as he angled the golden disk into 
the sunlight.  The first rays glinted off its surface and began to create the 
now familiar mass of swirling holo-graphic images.  Finally the lay of the land 
became clear and the picture zoomed in on where they were standing.  After the 
angle circled them it sped across the clearing and through the scrub brush 
surrounding them before it came to an ancient monolith.  A ring of massive, 
capped stones circled a ring of smaller blocks, each aligned to the cardinal 
points.  In front of each of these four stones stood a small alter.  In the 
center of the inner ring was the all to familiar obelisk that had kept creeping 
into the temples and sanctuaries. 
	"That is where we must go," Marnot calmly announced.   "I'd say it's a no 
more than two or three kilometers away."
	"I'm impressed," Ayeka giggled.  "You landed us in the general vicinity 
this time."
	"You wound me," Marnot mocked back to her.
	"Come on," Tenchi ordered trying to get the two lovebirds to cut it out.  
"We don't have much time left."

The Odyssey shall continue in The Trilogy of Light: Zenith.

I sincerely thank everyone who has followed this story from day one and those 
who have just joined in the fun.  Thank you.  I hope that the tension is 
building nicely in preparation for the ultimate show down that is looming on the 
horizon.  As always let me know what you think.  Until next time.  Later.

William Nichols.
    
         
  

          
