"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does 
not express the views of Pioneer or AIC.


Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Two: Calm before the Storm by William Nichols


	The Council of the Elder has chosen Tenchi Masaki to begin the path of the 
champion.  They have also taken the one he loves from him.  And in order to save 
her he must complete the odyssey.


	A circle of light swirled open on a gleaming beach on a tiny island in the 
Pacific Ocean.  Out from its iridescent rings steps Tenchi Masaki and Ayeka 
Jurai.  One is the first princess of the planet Jurai.  The other is the 
grandson of the crowned prince of Jurai.  A second before they had been in 
Washu's lab where they had left the mortally wounded Ryoko.  It was up to them 
to find the first of the Juraian elemental stones: the water stone.

	"Well this must be the place," said Tenchi as he raised a hand to his 
brow.  Even though it was December the tropical sun was bearing down upon the 
faceless atoll.

	"So it would seem Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka.  "Where do we go from here?"

	"Washu said the talisman would show the way."  With that Tenchi held the 
medallion in the palm of his hand.  The sun glinted off its faceted edge and 
cast a holographic image in front of him and Ayeka.  It began on the beach and 
quickly maneuvered thru the jungle toward the lagoon in the center of the 
island.  From there it rose to the waterfall.  A faint passage way could be seen 
behind the cascade of water.

	"I guess we go that way," said Tenchi as he shed his light jacket.  Ayeka 
followed suit and removed her jacket. Together they began the trek into the 
jungle.


	"Where are they Little Washu?" asked Kiyone.  Ever since Tenchi and Ayeka 
had been transported from the lab the diminutive genius had been trying to 
locate them.    

	"I am detecting the master key at a location somewhere in the South China 
Sea, buts its nearly impossible to locate precisely."  Washu continued to hammer 
away at her keypad.  The topographical map of the earth she had generated 
continued to rotate until she focused in on an area that seemed most probable.

	"The problem is that there over a thousand islands in this area belonging 
to the Philippine chain, and I just can't pinpoint it."  Washu continued to 
input data into her computer.  A small day, hour, minute, and, second counter 
appeared on the corner of the screen.  It read:

13:23:35:26

	"The clock is running Tenchi," she said quietly.  She turned and looked at 
Ryoko.  The stasis field cast a sickening green aura upon Ryoko.  'My little 
Ryoko,' she thought.


	"This island is beautiful Tenchi," remarked Ayeka as they trod thru the 
dense jungle.  A chorus of jungle noises serenaded them as they made their way.  
Ayeka stopped for a second to smell a beautiful orchid that was hanging 
overhead.  As she did a green snake uncoiled itself from the branch above.

	"Lord Tenchi," she said trembling.  Tenchi turned and saw the serpent 
lowering towards Ayeka.  Without thinking he activated the master key and sliced 
the snake in two.  Ayeka jumped back as part of it landed at her feet.

 	"Beautiful and dangerous Ayeka," he said as the blue blade of Tenchi-ken 
dissipated.  "Please be careful.  I don't want to loose you as well," he said 
returning to the faint jungle path.  A few meters away a large obelisk rose from 
the path.  It was covered in moss and ivy.  One of the few distinguishable 
features visible was a partial glyph.

   	"Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka.  "I know that rune."  Tenchi pulled at the ivy 
and moss until more of the archaic writing was visible.

	"Can you read it Ayeka?" asked Tenchi trying to make sense of the writing.  
She studied the glyphs for a minute, mouthing a few unrecognizable syllables.  
After a few minutes of this she finally felt confident to read the markings.

	"I believe it is both a guide and a warning, Lord Tenchi," she revealed.  
"I can't read all of the writing but is basically reads 'to reveal the first 
essence of Tsunami climb the ethereal way'."

	"What does that mean?" asked a befuddled Tenchi.

	"I don't know Lord Tenchi.  Not all of the lower inscription is legible," 
she began.  "What I can read goes 'the fury----upon----who is---.'" She shook 
her head and stopped.  "I am sorry Lord Tenchi, too much of the inscription is 
gone.  I just cannot make it out."

	"That's all right Ayeka," consoled Tenchi.  "We'd better get going again."  
Ayeka nodded and followed behind him, being mindful of the dangers of the 
jungle.  Compared to the early winter of Okayama the heat of the jungle was 
sweltering.  

	"Lets stop here," said Tenchi as he sat down on a small outcropping of 
stone.

	"Agreed," said Ayeka.  She had shed as much clothing as she deemed decent, 
but she still felt like she was baking.  "I never knew the earth had places such 
as this," she commented wiping her forehead.     

	"There's a lot of this planet I've never seen either Ayeka," he commented.  
"I want to see as much of it as I can, but not like this," he laughed.  Tenchi 
looked overhead to the rays of sun peeking thru forest canopy.  His shadow was 
small disk at his feet.  Then something dawned on him.  His shadow had been a 
small disk when they arrived on the island.  That had to have been hours ago.

	"Ayeka, do you have a watch?" he asked.

	"Yes," she replied pulling a small chronometer from her pocket.  
"Something's wrong Tenchi," she said very concerned.

	"It's stopped, right?"

	"Precisely."

	"That's what I was afraid of," replied Tenchi as he jumped off of the 
rock.  "Time has stopped on this island for some reason."

	"Oh my," said Ayeka holding a hand to her mouth.  Tenchi nodded and they 
resumed their trek.  Tenchi and Ayeka pushed thru the jungle as fast as they 
could.  For all they knew several days had passed in the outside world, and 
every minute are precious to save Ryoko.  About halfway through the jungle they 
made a gruesome discovery.

	"Tenchi!" shrieked Ayeka.  Tenchi looked back to see that she was 
petrified.

	"What is it?" he asked.  She seemingly pointed a shaking finger at the 
totem standing in front of her.  Three severed heads were impaled on a pike.  
From the looks of them they had to have been there for a while.

	"Its just a tribal totem," said Tenchi trying to ease her fears.

	"Not that Lord Tenchi," she said hesitantly.  Tenchi looked past the totem 
and finally saw what Ayeka was looking at.  A pair of yellow eyes was staring 
back at them from the jungle.
	
	"Move away slowly," he said holding his hands up in a stopping motion.  
Ayeka nodded and slowly took a step back.  As she did her heal snapped a small 
twig.  She let out a small "eek" as the eyes followed her movement.

	"Run!" yelled Tenchi as the beast jumped towards Ayeka.


	"Come on Tenchi," said Washu as she watched the chronometer.  

	13:10:56:28

Over twelve hours had passed and they had not heard from him or Ayeka yet.  She 
looked over to where Sasami was sitting by Ryoko's side.  The young princess had 
scarcely moved from that spot since Tenchi left.  A shadow of Tsunami rose up 
from Sasami and looked towards Washu.  She gave Washu a faint comforting smile.  
Washu sighed and returned to her keypad.  She had to pinpoint the master keys 
location.


	"Run!" screamed Tenchi as the creature jumped towards Ayeka.  She slipped 
and fell back as the dark beast landed beside her.  It circled around and Tenchi 
caught a glimpse of its full form.  Ayeka scrambled to her feet as it hulked 
around them.

	"My God," she whispered.

	"Don't move," ordered Tenchi.  The creature had the silhouette of a big 
cat, but much larger.  Its yellow eyes narrowed in on Tenchi.

	"You are the boy," it growled.  "You have been chosen, but are you 
worthy?"  Tenchi just stared at the creature, dumbfounded.  "You heeded not the 
warning of the ages," it continued.  
	
	"What warning?" asked Tenchi.  "All we could read was the directions to 
the ethereal path, whatever that is."

	"Baltus chose you and you know not of the ethereal way?" it laughed in a 
growl.  "I will guide you if can prove your worthiness to me, boy."

	"Who are you?" asked Ayeka, still not sure whether to trust the creature 
or not. 

	 "My name is Marnot," answered the creature.  "I guard the path to 
Tsunami's essence.  Only those worthy may proceed."

	"What do you mean?" asked Tenchi.  "Why does everyone want to know if I'm 
worthy?  What am I supposed to worthy of any way?"

	"It will all be revealed in due time," began Marnot.  "But first tell me, 
for whom do undertake this quest: is it for yourself or another?"

	"Why ask such a question," interjected Ayeka.  

	"I am just curious," replied Marnot with a sly grin.  "Well, for whom do 
you undertake this quest, boy?"

	"I am doing this to save Ryoko," answered Tenchi.  "I would walk though 
hell to save her or any of the others."  Marnot threw his head back and gave a 
deep laugh.

	"Very good boy," he laughed.  "You do have the heart of a champion!  A 
lesser being would have undertaken this for selfish desires.  I commend thee 
boy.  And I will show you the path to the temple."

	"Thank you Marnot," said Tenchi.  "We need all the help we can get."  
Marnot nodded and headed down the jungle path.  As he passed Ayeka he gave a 
small growl that caused her jump back a little bit.

	"Tell me Marnot," asked Ayeka cautiously.  "What would you have done if 
Tenchi had answered incorrectly?"

	"I would have eaten the both of you," he replied with a wicked grin.  
Ayeka stopped dead in her tracks.  Tenchi looked back at her and shrugged.  "A 
cat's got to eat you know," said Marnot nonchalantly as he continued down the 
path.    
	
	"Marnot," began Tenchi, "can you tell me more about the Elder and this 
champion they want be to be?"

	"I can only tell you what I am allowed," replied Marnot.  "The Elder are 
an ancient race that is without time.  That is why time is of no consequence on 
this island."

	"If time is of no consequence, then why do I have only two weeks to save 
Ryoko?" asked Tenchi. 

	"That is a good question," replied Marnot.  "The limit of time has been 
placed on you because of the limitations of your physiology.  Two weeks is as 
long as a human can tarry in the nether world before they become trapped 
permanently."

	"Trapped?" inquired Ayeka.

	"Yes.  Her body sleeps but her spirit is in the nether world.  By 
completing the odyssey and proving your worth it will be freed."  Tenchi stopped 
as Marnot finished those words.  The image of Ryoko trapped in a hellish 
dimension played through his mind.

	"Fear not boy," said Marnot looking back.  "She is in a peaceful place."  
Tenchi had to take Marnot's word on the matter.  All he knew was that his 
indecisiveness may have cost him Ryoko's life.  And he would be damned if that 
was the case.  

	'Why is Tenchi doing this,' thought Ayeka.  'Perhaps a better question 
would be why am I helping him save Ryoko?  I want Tenchi as much as she does yet 
he loves her.'  She stopped in the path for a second as she pondered this fact.  
With a sigh she started back behind Tenchi and Marnot.  She still did not trust 
Marnot entirely, but that was one of Tenchi's qualities.  He trusted people 
implicitly at times.


	"Little Washu what can we do to help?" asked Kiyone as she picked up the 
sleeping Sasami.  The little princess had fallen asleep by Ryoko's side.  Washu 
looked up from her monitor and sighed.  Nearly a day had passed and no word yet.  

	"There is one thing you can do," she began as keyed in a command that 
created a futon by Ryoko's stasis chamber.  "You and Mihoshi can run an errand 
for me."

	"An errand?" said a puzzled Kiyone as she laid Sasami in the futon.

	"Yes I need an ancient text from the Galactic Academies library."

	"And I take it this is a text that they don't let people check out on a 
regular basis."

	"Bingo."

  
	"The path to the sanctuary is just ahead," growled Marnot.  Tenchi could 
see a break in the forest a few meters ahead of them.  As he entered the 
clearing Tenchi squinted from the bright sun.  In the clearing lay a crystal 
blue lagoon fed by a cascading waterfall.  A rainbow stretched across the lagoon 
from the cascades mists.  A lone gull lighted across the lagoon and lifted up 
and over the jungle canopy.

	"This is magnificent," said Ayeka as she viewed the waterfall and lagoon.  
"This is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen."

	"The sanctuary lays ahead," said Marnot.  "But to reach it you must find 
the ethereal way."
	
	"And if we don't?" asked Ayeka.

	"I am still hungry," smiled Marnot.  Honestly Ayeka could not tell if he 
was serious or not.

	"How do we find the ethereal way?" asked Tenchi.  To his surprise Marnot 
began to take human form.  Ayeka watched in amazement as the jungle cat took a 
form similar in size to Tenchi's.   
	
	"The talisman will show the way," replied the now human Marnot.  Tenchi 
held the medallion towards the light once again.  The archaic Juraian script 
began to glow and rearrange itself into modern Japanese calligraphy.

	"The challenge of the spirit will reveal the path," read Tenchi.  

	"Look out Tenchi!" screamed Ayeka as Marnot leapt towards him.

	"What are you doing?!" demanded Tenchi as he avoided Marnot's lunge.

	"I am the challenge of the spirit," he began slinking on all fours.  "You 
past the first part of the challenge by baring your spirit to me.  I could see 
that your motives here were not selfish.  Now you must show me the power you 
keep within your spirit. I want to see the power you have inherited."  With that 
Marnot jumped towards Tenchi once again.  This time Tenchi sidestepped him.  As 
he passed Tenchi grabbed his wrist and flipped him.  Marnot landed upside down 
but quickly rolled back to his feet.

	"I have no special power," said Tenchi, keeping a defensive stance.

 	"Do not lie to me boy," growled Marnot.  "I can smell it!"  The creature 
smiled and ran at Tenchi.  Once again Tenchi tried to sidestep him but Marnot 
cut to the other side and tackled the young prince.

	"I do not want to fight you!" yelled Tenchi.

	"It is not what you want that matters!" growled Marnot as Tenchi tossed 
him aside.  Marnot rolled over and stared at Tenchi.  "If you will not fight 
then I will force you!"  With a blood-curdling roar he lunged towards Ayeka.  
She tried to summon her guardians but they only appeared for a second, and then 
blinked out.

	"Tenchi!" she screamed eyes closed as Marnot leapt at her.  When she 
opened her eyes she saw Tenchi tackle Marnot mid-leap.  "Tenchi!" she said 
running to his side.

	"You will not harm her," said Tenchi as he was enveloped in a blue energy.  
When it dissipated he emerged in flowing blue and white robes.  The three green 
marks of Tsunami gleamed on his forehead.  

	"Very good," growled Marnot.  "This is what I wanted to see."  To Tenchi's 
surprise he took a knee and bowed before him.  Tenchi and Ayeka just watched 
dumfounded.

	"Huh?" muttered Tenchi.

	"I apologize for my methods," begged Marnot.  "I could not let you pass 
until I knew for certain you were the one.  I beg your forgiveness as well Lady 
Ayeka.  I meant you no harm."

	"Could have fooled me," grumbled Ayeka.  Marnot kept his eyes lowered.  He 
would not look at Tenchi since he evoked the power of the Light Hawk.

	"My Lord," he continued, "the path to the sanctuary is open."  Tenchi 
looked towards the waterfall but he could not see a path.

	"But I do not see a path," replied Tenchi.  

	"Neither do I," snorted Ayeka.

	"Remember the inscription," began Marnot.  "The truth will be revealed."  
Tenchi held the medallion in the light again.  Once again the script changed 
before his eyes.

	"By faith shall the ethereal way be found," read Tenchi.

	"Have faith," said Marnot.  Tenchi looked back towards the waterfall, 
trying to see the way.  As the mists rolled up he thought he saw something.  At 
first it was just a glint in the mist, but the more he stared at it the clearer 
it became.

	"To reveal Tsunami's essence climb the ethereal way," he said as his eyes 
opened.

	"By faith shall the ethereal way be found," added Ayeka.

	"It is becoming clear," said Marnot.

	"Yes," said Tenchi as he stepped towards the lagoon.  "By faith," he 
whispered stepping into the lagoon.  Instead of sinking into the water his foot 
held firm on its surface.

	"He sees," smiled Marnot.  Tenchi took another step across the water and 
the outline of the path became visible.  It stretched up midway the waterfall 
where the water seemed to part.  Behind the water two massive marble doors 
became visible.  As he reached the second step the path solidified into white 
and blue marble.

	"Tsunami's essence," said Ayeka as she joined Tenchi on the path.

	"Good luck young champion," said Marnot.

	"Are you coming," asked Tenchi as he turned to face the still kneeling 
Marnot.

	"I have served my purpose," he growled.  "I will await your return."

	"Thank you Marnot," said Tenchi as he returned to the path.  He could have 
sworn that he saw a slight smile creep onto Marnot's face.  At the top of the 
path Tenchi and Ayeka found a platform leading to the temple entrance.  The 
massive doors were intricately carved.  The tree of Tsunami dominated the doors 
with the tri-foil of the Light 
Hawk in the middle.  

	Tenchi placed his hand on the tri-foil and the doors opened.  A rush of 
cold air swept past him and Ayeka.  The darkness of the temple was only broken 
by the occasional torch, giving it a dark, gothic atmosphere.

	"Here we go," said Tenchi as the doors closed behind him and Ayeka. 


	13:02:21:55 read the chronometer in Washu's lab.  The tiny genius had 
dozed off an hour or so ago.  Her own snoring had jolted her back to reality.

	"Huh," she mumbled as she looked around.  Sasami was awake again and 
sitting by Ryoko's side.
	
	"You're a good girl Sasami," said Washu as she sat down beside her.  

	"Did you find them Ms. Washu?" she asked in a small voice. 

	"Yes but I lost them just as I did."

	"Is that bad?"

	"No its not," comforted Washu.  "It just means that they are in the temple 
now."

	"Are you going to help them?" asked Sasami as she looked up.  The glimmer 
of hope filled the young princess' eyes.

	"We cannot interfere with Tenchi's quest or we would loose Ryoko," 
explained Washu.  "But I am sending them my orb when they get out of the 
temple."

	"So that they can talk to us?"

	"Only when they're between temples, that way they can keep track on the 
time, you see Sasami?" said Washu.  Once again the glimmer of hope shone in 
Sasami's eyes.  For a moment Washu thought that she saw the image of a little 
Ryoko super-imposed over Sasami.
	
	"Miss Washu?" asked Sasami as tears welled up in Washu's eyes.

	"Ryoko was about your age," began Washu quietly, "when Kagato took her 
from me.  I swore that I would never let anything happen to her again if I ever 
got away from Kagato.  And now." Her voice trailed off as she tried to keep her 
emotions in check.  
"I'm sorry Sasami," begged Washu

	"Its okay ms. Washu," said Sasami.  "Do you want something to eat?" 

	"That sounds good Sasami," began Washu getting up.  "Come on, I'll help."  
Sasami looked back towards Ryoko again as she walked out of the lab.  She knew 
deep down that Tenchi and Ayeka would help her.  She just hoped that Washu 
believed it as well.


To be continued.   

The calm before the storm has passed and the deluge is about to begin. 




