"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic and is not for profit.

Dedication: to all of those serving at home and abroad to protect the freedoms 
we cherish, thank you.

Tenchi Muyo! 
Odyssey
Chapter Eleven: Reap the Wind by William Nichols

	For the past ten minutes or so Tenchi had been standing at the balcony 
overlooking the incandescent and neon sea below him.  And for the first time in 
his life he felt at peace with himself.  It may have only been on the astral 
realm, but he had professed his love and expressed that same love.  Now the 
purpose of this Odyssey was clear: He had to restore Ryoko's life.  As far as he 
was concerned the Elder and this fellowship could be damned.  They wanted him to 
be champion: fine.  They wanted him to fight an unspeakable evil looming over 
the universe: fine.  He would do all of this and more to get Ryoko back.
	"Is he alright?" asked Marnot.  He and Ayeka had been watching Tenchi ever 
since he stepped out on the balcony.  Not a sound had come from his direction, 
causing them just a little bit of concern.
	"Maybe," replied Ayeka.  She had no clue as to what he was doing either.   
Her attention was drawn from Tenchi by a knock at the door.  Marnot walked over 
to find the steward had returned with a fresh cart of food.
	"Vieg raunc ja'" he spoke in the local tongue.  The steward bowed slightly 
and thanked Marnot for the third gratuity he gave her.  After she left Marnot 
wheeled the cart over to the bed.
	"Good help deserves respect," he said taking the cover off of the trays.  
This time Ayeka wasted no time before taking her plate.
	"Eat young champion," said Marnot to Tenchi.  "You have a long day ahead 
of you before you can rest again."  Tenchi turned around and closed the balcony 
doors behind him as he reentered the room.  The handprint on the side of his 
face had faded to a rosy pink, but was still clearly visible.  He caught Ayeka's 
Marnot's stares.
	"Just something I deserved," he said picking up a plate.  Marnot looked 
towards Ayeka who had her mouth full.  She just shrugged and returned to eating.
	"By the way," said Marnot as he pulled a folded paper from his cloak.  "I 
found a periodical while I was scouting the city.  This planet has come to be 
called," he paused for a second as he read the name.  "Tyran Prime."  The 
reaction from Ayeka was immediate. After nearly choking on what she was eating 
she finally cleared her throat.
	"Did you just say Tyran Prime?" she asked beginning to tremble slightly.
	"Yes princess," retorted Marnot.  "This planet is called Tyran Prime in 
the vernacular.  Is that a problem?"
	"Is that a problem?" parroted Ayeka.  "That is the understatement of the 
millennia!"
	"Why Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.
	"Tyran Prime and Jurai have fought seventeen wars or so in the past 
thousand years.  Some of the were just border disputes, but the majority of them 
were full blown interplanetary conflicts.  Billions have died on each side."
	"Why?" asked Tenchi again.  "Why the hostility?"
	"If I remember correctly," began Ayeka, "it all started over something 
trivial."
	"Most wars are," interjected Marnot.
	"Insults were traded between the sides as the empires expanded, and war 
broke out.  Jurai has been the victor in most of the wars, but we have suffered 
grievously," she said pausing to take another bite.  "And most of all they claim 
that Tsunami is a false god and have ordered a holy war of sorts to purge 
Tsunami from all areas of space they control or conquer."
	"Sounds like a personal problem," quipped Marnot.  "But this does 
complicate things immensely.  Retrieving the gem is usually the sole 
responsibility of the aspiring champion."  He began to pace the floor as he 
spoke.  "But in a situation like this where an expedient escape is required I 
will accompany you through the ordeal.  By holy decree I am not supposed to help 
in any significant way, but this situation will be an exception."
	"Why is that?" asked Tenchi.  Anything that could possibly jeopardize 
saving Ryoko he wanted to know about.
	"While the princess was relating her tale I was in contact with the Elder.  
They have informed me that statute on this planet dictates for any unauthorized 
Juraian to be executed on the spot.  The Elder feel that my assistance will not 
lessen the challenge faced by the champion."
	"Unauthorized Juraian's?"
	"Yes," answered Marnot as he continued to pace.  "Only select visitors are 
granted a permit and those in the diplomatic corp. are allowed, and even they 
are restricted to the embassy and surrounding areas.  Everyone else is 
considered an enemy of the state sent o undermine the divinity of T' K' Mai."
	"T' K' Mai?" interjected Ayeka.  "That sounds like-,"
	"Tokimi!" they finished in unison.   At mention of that name the medallion 
began to glow.  Tenchi held it as the script shifted once again.
	"The Essence of Tokimi, Master of Change," he read as the script 
continually shifted. "Is enshrined herein."
	"As cryptic as ever," sighed Ayeka.
	"Where's Washu when you need her?" asked Tenchi as the medallion returned 
to its normal state.
 	"We will have to be most cautious," started Marnot.  "The Temple of T' K' 
Mai is eight of your kilometers from here.  The main problem is how to gain 
access to the stone.  And I wonder what happened to the guardian assigned to the 
stone?"
	"That is a good question," said Tenchi as he put on a shirt.  "The first 
guardian had the ability to control water, and the second was a philosopher.  
What will the third be?"
	"How will he manifest himself?" asked Ayeka.  "If this is a place of 
worship, a towering celestial guardian would seem a little odd to most people."
	"We will face that obstacle when we come to it," replied Marnot.  "Now if 
you two are ready, the Odyssey may proceed."
	"Agreed."

***

	"That was too strange," sighed Washu as she sipped at her cup of sake.  
Katsuhito nodded and set the bottle between them.  For that past hour they had 
been trying to figure out exactly what had caused Ryoko's vital signs to crash.  
Needless to say they were not having much luck.
	"Indeed it was," he added.  "There is no reason I can think of why that 
would happen.  The sacrifice is usually perfectly safe until the champion 
completes the Odyssey."
	"Usually?" asked Washu before she knocked back what left in her cup.
	"There are circumstances that could jeopardize the sacrifice, but Tenchi 
would not befall any of them."  He too knocked back what was left of his cup.  
"At least I hope he would not."
	"Such as?" prodded Washu as she poured herself and Katsuhito another cup.
	"Betraying himself or the sacrifice comes chiefly to mind."
	"Betraying himself?" exclaimed Washu.  "Or the sacrifice?"  She could just 
Tenchi in the arms of Ayeka on some distant planet.  Suddenly she had the urge 
to transport Tenchi to that alternate dimension she had conjured up earlier, but 
that would leave Ryoko in the lurch.  She would just have to deal with him and 
Ayeka when he returned.  If he returned...
	"Do not think badly of my grandson," scolded Katsuhito.  "This is all part 
of the challenges the champion must face to find himself."
	"And has he?" she asked skeptically.
	"Your daughter is alive, is she not?"
	"I will concede that point," said Washu who was well on her way to being 
inebriated.  Katsuhito nodded and poured another round.
	
	Outside the lab Sasami was laying on the sofa.  Her use of Tsunami's 
powers had exhausted her stamina.  She wanted for her sister to be happy, but 
not at Ryoko's expense.  Tenchi had acted foolishly, but he had not acted alone 
and she knew that.  Her only regret was that she did pull Ayeka into the astral 
realm and slap some sense into her as well.   
	"Miya?" asked Ryo-Ohki in her toddler form.  She too was worried about 
Ryoko and the others, but felt that she could do the least to help.  Sasami 
sensed this in the little cabbit and helped her into her lap.
	"Don't worry," she comforted her.  "Ryoko will be alright and so will 
Tenchi."
	"Miya?"
	"And Ayeka too," she added somewhat hesitantly.  "And when they get back 
I'll fix every bodies favorite dinner, including yours."
	"Miya!"  Ryo-Ohki reached up and hugged Sasami's neck.
	"I love you too Ryo-Ohki," smiled Sasami.  "Come on, let's get something 
to snack on."  The little cabbit hoped down from Sasami's lap and happily held 
her hand as they made their way to the kitchen.
	  
***

	"We will need to be as inconspicuous as possible," said Marnot as he 
morphed into a more common form.  A nice bronze tan and short golden hair 
replaced his usual pale skin and long black hair.  His black and gold cloak 
phased into contemporary clothes similar to Ayeka and Tenchi's.  "That should 
do," he added.
	"Why didn't you do that before we came to this hotel?" asked Ayeka.
	"That was before I knew how hostile this planet was.  The last time a 
spirit stone was located here was eighteen Odyssey's ago.  The inhabitants were 
barely evolved enough to walk up right."
	"Don't get out much do you?" asked Ayeka, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
	"I have seen more than you will in thousand life times princess," said 
Marnot with a wicked grin.  "And if you wish to see the end of this Odyssey, 
follow my advice."
	"Cut it out you two," scolded Tenchi.  Ayeka turned her back to Marnot who 
continued to grin devilishly.  Tenchi just sighed and checked the orb to get a 
fix on the actual time.

09: 18: 59: 12

Time was passing and each second they wasted was a second he did not have to get 
Ryoko back.
	"Let us depart," said Marnot opening the door and bowing before Ayeka.  
She sniffed in contempt and the way.  Tenchi couldn't shake a sinking feeling 
building in the pit of his stomach.  Something was telling to be careful, he was 
sure of it.
	As they walked the busy streets of Tyran Prime Tenchi was remind of the 
hustle and bustle of Tokyo.  The sidewalks were lined with shops and boutiques.  
Children played and couples fussed.  For the most part the people of the city 
seemed friendly and did not act rudely towards them.  Everyone just went about 
his or her daily business.  
	The perpetual darkness was another thing that amazed Tenchi.  After less 
than a day on this planet he was already confused about what the actual time of 
day was.  He couldn't imagine living like this year round.  He knew that certain 
parts of the earth had extended seasons of darkness, but there was always a 
season of perpetual daylight opposite it though.
	"Tell me," began Marnot in a low voice.  "How did you earn that handprint 
on the side of your face?"
	"Some one slapped some sense into me," he replied.  
	"I see," smiled Marnot.  "You know now where your heart lies I take it."
	"Yes I do," said Tenchi quietly.
	"And you have found the true meaning of your Odyssey."
	"Yes.  This isn't about me but Ryoko," he began.  "My sacrifice was 
actually her sacrifice as well.  She gave up her life for me, not knowing there 
was a chance for her redemption.  I have to redeem her.  I will become her 
champion."
	"Very good," said Marnot as he slapped Tenchi on the shoulder.  "You are 
truly gaining enlightenment young champion."
	"One thing," added Tenchi thru clenched teeth, "please don't hit that 
shoulder."
	"Many apologies young champion," begged Marnot bowing slightly.  "How 
badly is it injured?"
	"Worse than I let on," admitted Tenchi.  "But I'll survive."   Ahead of 
them Ayeka froze in her tracks.
	"Ayeka?" asked Tenchi as he reached into to shirt for the master key.
	"It is nothing," she said shaking her head.  "I thought I recognized 
somebody.  That's all."
	"We have other things to worry about," warned Marnot as he grabbed Tenchi 
and Ayeka's arms and began to push them down the street.  "We have been 
followed."
	"By whom?" asked Ayeka.
	"I do not know," replied Marnot.  "But is essence is dark.  He is 
definitely not of this world."
	"What does he want?" asked Tenchi.
	"If I knew young champion, I could tell you," he growled.  "Mortals," he 
added, "they always think the guardian spirit is omniscient."  Tenchi and Ayeka 
looked back worriedly at Marnot.  "It's true you know."
	"What now?" asked Tenchi.
	"We split up," instructed Marnot.  "You and the princess head for the 
temple and I will meet you there once I loose our follower."
	"Understood."
	"When the traffic signal changes ahead we will split up when the 
pedestrians begin to cross. That should be sufficient cover."  Tenchi and Ayeka 
nodded.  They waited silently for the signal to change and when it did they 
split up.  Tenchi and Ayeka melded into the crowd of people headed in the 
direction of the temple while Marnot headed towards the downtown area.  Tenchi 
said a quick prayer to whoever may be listening and grabbed Ayeka's hand.  The 
last thing they needed was to get separated in an alien city.
	Tenchi wasn't sure if whomever was following them was still there or not.  
He had never seen the stalker, but his feeling of apprehension had lifted 
somewhat.  Now all of his concern was on how to retrieve the stone from the 
statue.  As they approached the Temple of T' K' Mai Tenchi was awed by its 
magnificence.  Its marble fa‡ade glowed in a thousand hues of neon and 
incandescent light as it reflected off the polished stonework.  Across the top 
were sculpted reliefs of what Tenchi took to be the pantheon of the planet. 
Centermost of these was the engravings of the deity who had to be T' K' Mai.  
Tenchi was amazed at how the images of T' K' Mai resembled the statue of Tokimi 
in the first sanctuary.  
	"How ironic," he mused.
	"How so?" asked Ayeka.
	"These people despise one of the Juraian trinity and worship another."
	"That is true," began Ayeka.  "I just want to know how a Juraian spirit 
stone came to rest on such a despicable planet."
	"Ayeka."
	"I am sorry Lord Tenchi, but as you know the history between Jurai and 
Tyran Prime is not a pleasant one.  Many members of the royal family have died 
in the brutal wars between our peoples."
	"And if you're not careful there will be one more," came a voice from 
behind them.  Tenchi and Ayeka spun around to see who was behind them.  When 
they did Ayeka's eyes lit up.  Behind them was a young man a little older than 
Tenchi in the robes of the Juraian diplomatic corp.
	"What the hell are you doing here princess Ayeka?" asked prince Sagami.
	"Sagami? Is that really you?"  Ayeka couldn't believe it was really him 
out here on this Tsunami forsaken planet.
	"Yes its me," he began, "but what are you and prince Yosho's grandson 
doing here?  This is a restricted area!"
	"I know," began Tenchi.  "But we have to get to the temple."
	"I forbid it," commanded Sagami.  "They would kill you both before 
stepping-ugh!"  Sagami never finished his sentence.  
	"He may have endangered everything," said Marnot as he lowered Sagami's 
unconscious body to the ground.
	"But you didn't have to do that!" exclaimed Ayeka.
	"He's lucky I only knocked him out," replied Marnot.  "My orders from the 
Elder are to kill anyone who interferes with the Odyssey.  I have many times in 
the past and I probably will have to many times in the future.  So let me do my 
job, princess."
	"We don't have time for this bullshit," said Tenchi sternly.  His harsh 
language took Ayeka slightly aback, but she knew it was warranted.  "We do not 
have time to bicker like this."  Ayeka nodded curtly to Marnot conceding to him 
this small victory. 
	"He will be a fine champion," said Marnot quietly as he made sure Sagami 
was out of sight.  Once he was stowed away the trio made their way towards the 
temple.  Groups of people were heading up the stairs, which gave them the 
perfect cover.  Silently they melded into the crowd.  Ayeka marveled somewhat 
begrudgingly at the grandiose fluted columns supporting the portico.  The 
intricately detailed relief sculptures were gilded in gold and alabaster.  The 
spicy fragrance of incense wafted across the portico.  As they entered Tenchi 
felt the warm glow from the medallion.  Quietly he shifted it underneath his 
shirt so no one would take notice.
	"Most impressive," whispered Marnot, keeping his head bowed.
	"Have they come to pay their respects," asked Tenchi.
	"I doubt it," replied Ayeka as they entered the main hall.

***

	"Sasami," began Washu as she approached the young princess.  Sasami was 
going over one of Tenchi's fathers scrap books.  It was filled with pictures 
from their stay on earth.
	"Yes miss Washu," she said sleepily.
	"It's getting late."	
	"I know, but I'm not really tired."
	"Really, I would be if I had done what you did today," revealed Washu as 
she took a chair next to Sasami.  "I checked the house sensors for the time 
while we were trying to save Ryoko.  Somebody expended a lot of energy crossing 
a dimensional barrier."
	"You're not mad are you?" she asked timidly.
	"No.  In fact I am quite proud of you," complemented Washu.  "If it hadn't 
been for you we would have lost Ryoko."
	"Thank you miss Washu."
	"I'll leave what happened between you and Ryoko," she said getting up from 
the table.  "Thank you Sasami," she added as she bent over and kissed the top of 
the little princesses head.
	"Your welcome," yawned Sasami.

***

	"This is a temple?" asked Tenchi as the large hall came into full view.  
Where he had expected to find a house of worship he had in turn found a museum.  
A museum like he had never seen before.
	"This is disturbing," added Marnot.  "Obviously these people enjoy 
reveling in their galactic conquests."
	"I would say it is more sickening than disturbing," commented Ayeka as 
they passed the broken hull fragment of a Juraian battleship.  For the next two 
ours they searched the building top to bottom looking for the statue projected 
by the medallion.  Finally they met back up on the upper floor.
	"Any luck?" asked Tenchi.
	"None," replied Marnot.
	"Same here," added Ayeka.
	"I found something interesting," began Tenchi as he motioned for the 
others to follow him.  At the other end of the upper level was a broken stone 
obelisk.
	"Look familiar?" he asked Ayeka.
	"Not another obelisk," moaned Ayeka.  
	"And look," said Tenchi pointing out an octagonal indentation.  
	"The medallion," guessed Ayeka.
	"These obelisks must be gateways," said Tenchi as he tried to find some 
writing that had not been defaced.  He walked around the monument and took a 
knee.
	"I think I found something," he called out.
	"L-l-l-l-lord T-T-T-Tenchi!" squeaked Ayeka.
	"Not now!"
	"Young Champion," growled Marnot.
	"What is it?" he said as he popped his around the obelisk.  The click of 
twenty or so pulse rifles being armed greeted him.
	"That," replied Marnot flatly as he raised his hands.


The Odyssey shall continue in: Whirlwind.
 
Later.
William Nichols vette1701@earthlink.net. 
	   
  

	               
