"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Twenty-four: Fire Break by William Nichols

	"This is not Shigeru," Marnot announced without preamble as the last 
embers of the demons body flickered out.  "At least not the Shigeru I remember," 
he added almost as an afterthought.
	"Then who was it?" Tenchi asked as he nursed a bruise that was beginning 
to form right below his right ribs.  The lighthawk wings can absorb a great deal 
of punishment, but some blows still get thru.
	"Something evil," Marnot said coldly.
	"And what has not been evil on this Odyssey?" Ayeka inquired of her 
newfound love.  Marnot sighed and ran a hand thru his raven hair, eventually 
sweeping it out to adjust the band at the base of his braided queue.  Ayeka 
smiled as her eyes followed his chiseled features, which to her resembled a 
statue one might carve of a deity, rather than the flesh and blood guardian 
before her.
	"Compared to what is approaching," Marnot said, "everything in this 
Odyssey has been, how shall we say, minor."
	"Minor?" Tenchi said with an incredulous laugh.  "I don't call ten meter 
tall fire demons 'minor'."  
Marnot narrowed his golden eyes onto the disbelieving champion.  "Trust me," he 
said trying to intone as much seriousness as he could into his legato voice.  "I 
have seen what is approaching, and it took a millennia before I could close my 
eyes at night and not see that unspeakable evil."  Tenchi gulped audibly at 
Marnot's revelation and Ayeka took a faltering step back.  "I have not meant to 
frighten you," Marnot apologized.
	"What is it then?" Tenchi demanded.  "Why I been chosen to fight this 
'evil'?  All of this is so vague."
	"Vagueness has its purpose," Marnot explained as he circled the pile of 
ashes that had been the towering demon.  "There is really no adequate way to 
describe what is coming, it is unspeakable, to say the least."
	"I have heard of a legend on Jurai," Ayeka began trying to keep her voice 
from faltering.  "I always thought of it as a legend, but so many legends have 
been proven to me in the past week, I don't know any longer."
	"What is it Tenchi?" Tenchi asked.  
Marnot watched Ayeka intensely as she fumbled for the right words.  'She may 
know,' he concluded to himself.
	"There is an old myth about an dark Elder," she began quietly.
	"I would say fallen rather that dark," Marnot corrected.
	"So it is true?" Ayeka trembled.
	"Yes."  Ayeka's eyes widened as she began to visibly shake.  "Fear not," 
Marnot comforted as he wrapped his arms around the trembling princess.  "The 
young champion here is the light, and we will turn back this darkness."  Ayeka 
sniffed and nodded slightly as Marnot stroked her flowing purple tresses.
	"Did I miss something here?" Tenchi asked scratching his head.  
	"All will be revealed," Marnot said.  "But we need to find the real 
Shigeru and the stone of light."
	"Agreed," Tenchi said as he held onto those sore ribs.  "Which way?"
	"I would guess that way," Marnot stated as he chucked a thumb towards the 
previously hidden doors that had just slid open.
	"Then lets go," Tenchi said as he pulled a palm light out of Washu's 
backpack and cast its beam down the darkened corridor.

****

	Ryoko watched Tenchi and the others from the astral realm.  She laughed 
slightly at that last thought.  'Her Tenchi.'  She had wanted to say that for so 
long and have him return her love.  And now that he had she might never get to 
share those feelings with him.  She watched intently as the trio left the demons 
arena.  She was glad Ayeka had found happiness, and she honestly hoped it worked 
out for her.  But her gaze kept returning to her Tenchi.
	He appeared so much more mature to her now than he did at the start of 
this whole ordeal, even though he had not aged a day.  This Tenchi was so 
different from the scared kid that had freed her from that cave.  He had grown 
up without her really taking notice of it.  Tenchi was taller than her now, but 
just barley.  As was his hair longer than it had been, pulled together in a 
plait mid-back similar to the one his grandfather had.  A few strands of bangs 
fell down right above his brown eyes.
	'Those eyes,' Ryoko thought.  'They haven't changed.'  It had been 
Tenchi's eyes that she had first fell in love with so many years ago.  His face 
seemed thinner to her now, but that may have been from lack of decent food on 
this Odyssey.  She was sure that when this was over Sasami would have her work 
cut out for her.  Although his field jacket and cargo style pants hid the rest 
of his features, Ryoko knew that underneath was well toned.
	Something else had changed about Tenchi during this Odyssey Ryoko thought.  
He seemed to walk with an air of confidence he had never really had before.  Not 
an arrogant swagger, just confidence.   Ryoko felt her heart fall as Tenchi and 
the other disappeared into the blackened corridor.  She wanted to touch him so 
badly, to be near him, to protect him.  
	"Tenchi..." she cried as she reached out with a phantom hand.

********

 	"What is the matter?" Marnot asked as Tenchi stopped in front of him and 
Ayeka.  His senses said that there was nothing dangerous approaching, but the 
champion had stopped as if a fanged, three-headed hydra had just stepped out in 
front of him, which was entirely possible.
	Tenchi closed his eyes and swallowed as he felt the hairs on the back of 
his neck stand up.  He had a good idea of what caused it, and it pained him that 
he could not do anything about it at the moment, but he promised himself that 
would change.  "Nothing Tenchi," lied.  "I just...thought I saw something, but 
my eyes were playing tricks on me."
	"If you say so..." Marnot replied.  He had an intuition as to what had 
stopped the champion, but he knew now was not the time or place to discuss such 
matters.  Just to be safe though, he allowed his senses to remain at this 
heightened state, but the only thing he heard was the click of their heels as 
they explored the catacomb.
	"So tell me," Tenchi finally said breaking the silence.  "How do I defeat 
a 'fallen Elder'?"  Marnot chewed his bottom lip for a minute as he carefully 
chose his words.  
	"I would say contain not so much as defeat," the guardian admitted.
	"Then how do I contain a fallen Elder?"
	"That is up to you my young friend."  Tenchi sighed inwardly and outwardly 
at yet another cryptic response form Marnot. 
	Marnot hated to be so vague, but he knew good and damn well that telling 
Tenchi that the last time this happened the champion was destroyed when he 
channeled the necessary power to seal the evil one away, wouldn't help matters.  
But deep down Marnot knew this champion was different than the one he had guided 
before the dark one manifested.  This champion had something special about him, 
and that just may be what it would take to turn back the darkness.  
	A few meters ahead of them, Tenchi's light fell onto something solid.  As 
the circle of light grew larger it became evident was the obstruction was.  A 
finely engraved stone door blocked their path, and for once there was no 
lighthawk emblem to activate the locking mechanism.
	"That's nice," Tenchi, commented as his eyes looked for anything remotely 
looked like a lighthawk emblem.
	"Fascinating," Marnot commented as he read the ancient script.
	"What does it say?" Ayeka asked.
	"I'll use the orb," Tenchi began as he held the wristwatch-sized device to 
the arcane lettering.
	"No need," Marnot said as he placed a hand on Tenchi's wrist.  "It reads:
	"Only the chosen of the Lady shall enter the chapel of flame."
	"But how do we get in?" asked Ayeka.
	"It does not elaborate any further," Marnot said shaking his head.
	"Just great," began Tenchi as he leaned back against the block.  To his 
immediate shock, along with everyone else present, he fell through the block.
	"Tenchi!" screamed Ayeka as tried to grab a hold of him before he vanished 
into the rock, but her only reward was her slamming into the rock face.  "Ow," 
she whimpered, rubbing her head.
	"I guess we are not invited," Marnot said as he helped the princess to her 
feet.  He wrapped his knuckles against the block just to make sure it was solid 
before he returned his attention to Ayeka.  
	"What now?" she asked as if that three-headed hydra Marnot had imagined 
earlier was about to reappear.
	"We wait," Marnot said flatly.

***
  
	Sasami was watching afternoon cartoons with Mihoshi when Washu found her.  
Washu smiled at the little princess, who seemed to be actually be enjoying 
herself for the first time since Ryoko's spirit was taken.  Washu knew deep down 
that Sasami had done something to save her daughters life when her vital signs 
crashed that day.  She was not exactly sure what Sasami did, but she was 
grateful.  Finally Washu managed to build the nerve to disturb the enthralled 
princess.
	"Sasami?" she asked softly as she sat down next to her.
	"Yes miss Washu?"  
	"Remember when I asked you help me with something?"
	"Uh-huh," Sasami mumbled as her eyes followed a spectacular explosion 
caused by one of the mechanized battle suits in the TV show blasting the 
daylights out of another battle suit.  Washu frowned at the display, not so much 
for the mindless violence, but because she knew the physics of such a 
shot...Washu shook her head to snap out of the scientist mode and returned to 
what she had come to ask about.
	"Tomorrow, someone is coming to help us and I need for you to open a 
gateway for us."  Sasami broke her attention away from the TV show and stared at 
Washu.
	"You mean a..." her voice trailed off as Washu nodded.  "Won't we get in 
trouble for that?"
	"Seeing what's coming, I don't really think it's gonna matter," Washu 
admitted.
	"Okay," Sasami said her eyes wide as tea saucers.  "I'll do it."
	"Thank you," Washu said as she gave Sasami a hug.  
	"Help Tenchi," Sasami said into Washu's ear as she squeezed the scientist 
back. 
	"I will," Washu promised, and if she had any power left, she would.  With 
the commercial break over and the cartoon restarted Washu left Sasami to get 
back to being a little girl.  After raiding the fridge for a quick snack Washu 
headed out back and up the shrine steps.  She had one more favor to ask today.

***
	
	Katsuhito was tending to the shrine records when a quiet wrap came at the 
office door.  He had been expecting this visit for about a day now, so it came 
as no surprise.  "Come in," He said never looking up from his books.
	"Lord Katsuhito," Washu began as she sank to her knees.  "Will you honor 
me by performing a purification ritual?"
	The old shrine master raised an eyebrow from his work and tapped his 
pencil to his chin.  "You ask even though you know I do not approve of what you 
are doing?"
	"I do," replied Washu solemnly.
	"I will honor your request," he stated softly.  Washu was about to thank 
him when Katsuhito spoke again.  "Although you are partly to blame for what is 
approaching."  Washu visibly cringed at the truth in his words.  
	"I know," she said flatly, without any hint of remorse.  "That was a long 
time ago, and much has changed since then."
	"But has she?"
	"That is why we must do this tomorrow.  If we are to have any chance at 
success we have to be united again," Washu said.  In fact, the reunification of 
the Megamisama was about the only hope to turn back the darkness.
	"Very well," Katsuhito stated as his gaze shifted back to his ledger.
	"Thank you," Washu added as she left the shrine.  Katsuhito's 'welcome' 
was unspoken, but understood.  He knew that Washu was correct, but he knew he 
was right as well.  All he could pray for was that the same folly would not be 
repeated.

************

	"What the-!" Tenchi yelled as he fell back through the rock face-and 
landed in another part of the sanctuary.  As he gathered his senses he 
recognized certain features that he seen before.  Everything was starch white.  
The floors, the columns, the stairs, and alter; everything was brilliant white.  
Even the air seemed to glow with this white aura.  It was just as it had been in 
the sanctuary of water and air.
	"Welcome to my chapel," a tall, robed man said as he descended the alter 
stairs.  He was nearly a head taller than Tenchi, with a shock of fire red hair 
and a goatee of the exact same color.  His emerald eyes stood in contrast to his 
red hair and almost pallid flesh.  He was covered from the neck down by a long 
black cloak, which he quickly tossed aside to reveal a fighters body.  His bare 
arms and legs were long and sinewy, and his chest gave the impression of 
moderate weight lifter.  The rest of his near perfect body was covered with a 
black and gold fighting tog.
	"I am Shigeru," he said nonchalantly as if the fact was common knowledge.  
	"Then what was that I fought earlier?" Tenchi asked as the new Shigeru 
circled him, eyeing him intently.
	"That was my dark reflection," he said.  "Anyone who can defeat it has to 
be worthy of continuing the Odyssey."
	"So you have the stone of fire?" Tenchi asked as Shigeru paused in front 
of him.
	"Yes and no."
	"Yes and no?" Tenchi parroted.
	"Why must mortals repeat everything?" Shigeru asked shaking his head.  
"Yes as in I have the spirit stone, and no as in I am not going to give it to 
you."  Tenchi was about to protest when Shigeru continued.  "Unless you duel 
me." 
	"Duel you?"
	"There he goes again," sighed Shigeru.  "Yes.  A duel.  Me.  You.  Swords.  
First blood. Was that simple enough?"  Tenchi fought back his laughter as the 
guardian spirit spoke to him as one would a three year old.  "Go ahead laugh it 
up!" Shigeru said somewhat offended.  Tenchi smirked as the foppish guardian 
held out his right left hand materialized a green energy sword.  
	Tenchi immediately turned serious as he too formed his blade.  Shigeru 
smiled as the lighthawk wings enveloped the young champion replacing his drab 
field gear with priestly robes of the order of Tsunami.  Tenchi leveled his 
blade at the real Shigeru as his grandfather's instructions played thru his 
mind.  Shigeru shot Tenchi a devilish grin and the duel began.
	Immediately Tenchi was on the defensive as Shigeru brought his blade form 
side to side.  Tenchi easily parried the attacks and set himself up for a 
counter attack.  The lighthawk sword blazed as he pushed Shigeru back with a 
series of lightening fast strikes to the left and to the right, but he guardian 
managed to successfully parry all of his attacks.
	Once again on the defensive Tenchi found Shigeru to pressing the attack a 
little harder this time.  The guardian's green blade was a constant blur as he 
struck from right to left and back to right again.  As Shigeru brought his blade 
across Tenchi jumped up and split kicked, allowing the blade to pass beneath 
him.
	"Nice," Shigeru commented as he parried Tenchi's counterstrike.  This time 
it was Tenchi who upped the stakes.  His strikes were lightening fast as he 
tried to blitz the guardian.  Shigeru grinned wildly as Tenchi tried to de-sword 
him.  "Very nice," he commented again as their sword guards met.  For a moment 
the duel turned into pushing contest, but Tenchi realized that Shigeru out 
classed him in the strength department, so he wisely somersaulted away.
	Only to have Shigeru be right back on top of him, pressing the offensive.  
Tenchi grunted as he deflected Shigeru's attacks.  Each successive blow from the 
guardian was becoming more and more difficult to parry.  Shigeru's height and 
strength gave the better leverage, while Tenchi had the better center of 
gravity.  'Why not,' Tenchi thought as Shigeru arced his blade towards him.
	Tenchi dropped down and used his momentum to slide between Shigeru's legs.  
A quick somersault later and he was ready to press the offensive to the nimble 
guardian.  Shigeru spun around on his left heel and brought his blade up just in 
time to block Tenchi's blow.  As their eyes met Shigeru nodded in 
acknowledgement of Tenchi's rather unorthodox tactic.  Their blades met in a 
flurry of blue and green light as Shigeru spun around and delivered an elbow to 
Tenchi's already swore ribs.  It was nothing underhanded, just a little love 
tap.  The reaction on Tenchi's face was Shigeru had hoped for as his blade met 
Tenchi's again.
	Blue and green electrical discharges began to land at their feet as the 
guardian and champion once again tested the others strength.  Tenchi winced as 
the bruise reminded him that it was there in a rather unpleasant way.  Shigeru 
channeled his immense strength into his weapon as Tenchi tried to stand resolute 
against him, but the guardian was just too powerful.  With one final push 
Shigeru forced his blade thru the lighthawk sword.
	Tenchi cringed as his blade dissipated and the green energy blade stopped 
millimeters from his nose.  At that point Shigeru extinguished his blade and 
stepped back and bowed to Tenchi.  Tenchi returned the gesture as the guardian 
began to approach him once more.  
	"Well fought," Shigeru complimented.  
	"You are a master," Tenchi said respectfully.
	"Oh no," Shigeru laughed as his black cloak reformed around him.  "I've 
only had a few million millennia to practice."  Tenchi started to laugh but a 
sharp jab raced from his bruise causing his grin to turn into a pained 
expression.  "And you concealed your injury well," Shigeru admitted. Tenchi was 
about to step aback when the guardian placed his hand over the bruise.  A soft 
green aura emanated from Shigeru's hand and spread over the bruised area.
	"There,' said Shigeru as he pulled his hand back.  To Tenchi's surprise 
the bruise was gone.  "You kept dropping your elbow to protect that area," 
Shigeru said.  Tenchi blinked at him a couple of time trying to figure out what 
he meant before it came to him.  He had been telegraphing the wound to Shigeru 
the entire fight.
	"I guess I was," Tenchi admitted sheepishly.  
	"You have earned this," Shigeru said a deep red ruby coalesced in front of 
him out of a point of light.
	"But I did not win," said Tenchi.
	"But you fought honorably and did not use your wound to get out of the 
duel," Shigeru said as he plucked the ruby from midair.  "Winning was never a 
stipulation.  Just the duel."
	"Thank you," Tenchi said as Shigeru placed the ruby into the final 
cardinal point of the medallion.  Fire occupied the north point.  To the east 
was water.  To the south: air.  And the gem of the earth occupied the western 
point.  Only the spot in the center for the light stone remained vacant.
	"It has been my honor," said Shigeru as he knelt before the champion.  
"Return to your compatriots," Shigeru said as the chapel dissolved around 
Tenchi.              

************

	"Ahem!" coughed Tenchi as he stepped back through the portal in the rock 
face.  Instantly Ayeka and Marnot pulled apart and tried to put as much distance 
between themselves as possible.
	"Tenchi!" squeaked Ayeka as she shoved a lock of disheveled violet hair 
back behind her ear.
      	"We were waiting for you," began Marnot trying to hide a devilish 
grin.
	"That's what it looked like to me," Tenchi said sarcastically.
	"Yes anyway," Shigeru said quickly, trying to change the subject.  "Were 
you successful?"
	"That I was," Tenchi replied as he held up the medallion to show off the 
newly acquired stone of fire.  
	"Well done!" complimented Marnot as he landed a hearty slap on the 
champions back.  "So shall we depart from this place?"
	"The quicker the better," Tenchi said as Ayeka tried not to make eye 
contact with him.  He had caught her, and Tenchi reveled in it.  He still owed 
Ayeka for going along with that joke Marnot played on him earlier, and this 
would be oh so useful.
	"Where to now?" Ayeka asked as she took her place next to Tenchi and 
Marnot.
	"The sanctuary of light," Tenchi surmised.  Once again the familiar ring 
of light formed at their feet and swirled up to encompass them before it 
collapsed to a single point as shot off at an incredible rate.

******

	Once again a klaxon sounded in Washu's lab drawing her away from her 
studies.  With a swing of her hips her floating cushion drifted over to her main 
computer console.  After the previous three system crashes she had decided not 
to have it attempt to track Tenchi as they left for the final sanctuary.  She 
flicked a switch terminating the klaxon and punched up the data she had been 
able to collect.  
	By her reckoning the master keys signature was headed towards the galactic 
core.  "The Temple of Light," she said to herself.  Only one spirit stone 
remained to be collected before Tenchi went before the Elder for final judgment, 
and she hoped that she would present when that happened.  But all of that 
depended on what she did tomorrow.
	"Be well," she prayed again as the chronometer above Ryoko's bed rolled 
over a new hour.

	02: 23: 59: 12

	Time was running out, and there was so much left to do, and Washu did not 
know if they could do it.

*******

	"He has received the spirit of fire," The crimson-cloaked Elder announced 
to his brethren.
	"All that remains is the spirit of light," the one in blue said.
	"And the guardian must be dealt with," added the one in green.
	"He shall be in due time," spoke the one in crimson again.  "All in due 
time."

The Odyssey shall continue in the Megamisama Side Story.  


WilliamNichols  
	 
	    

	  
