"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! 
Odyssey
Chapter Sixteen: 
Tales by William Nichols


Our story as of now:

	A little over a week ago the life of a young man living outside Okayama, 
on the main island of Honshu, Japan was changed forever.  On that fateful day 
when he came home for semesters break he was plunged into this Odyssey by 
ancient and unforeseen forces.  Their emissary arrived on his doorstep and took 
the life of the one he loved, his sacrifice.  To regain that life he must 
complete the Odyssey by gaining the five Juraian spirit stones.  As of late he 
has succeeded in gaining the stones of Water, Earth, and Wind.  The stones of 
Fire and Light remain in his quest.
	Once the five stones are united the Elder, those ancient beings who cast 
him into this Odyssey, will hold the young man accountable and his love will be 
restored unto him.  The young man is Tenchi Masaki, heir to the spirits of the 
Earth and Jurai.  Marnot, the shape shifting and sharp-witted guardian spirit 
accompanies him on this Odyssey.  It is up to Marnot to guide the young champion 
to the spirit stones.  Princess Ayeka Jurai, who would be his lover, also 
accompanies him.  She accompanies him out of love for him, although she is 
coming to terms that he does not feel for her in the same manner.
	The other members of his family are doing their best to help him as well.  
Kiyone and Mihoshi, detectives first-class, have successfully infiltrated the 
Galactic Science Academy and retrieved an ancient text for Little Washu, who is 
working feverishly on her own to help Tenchi, and save her daughter Ryoko.  All 
the while the ancient Elder watch from their celestial temple as all unfolds 
beneath their watchful eye.  And so it is as the champion continues on his 
Odyssey. 

*****

	"OH-EE-OH!  OH-AH-AH!  OH-EE-OH!  OH-AH-AH!" chimed the alarm by Kiyone's 
bed in the Yagami.  She had retired for a few hours as the autopilot guided them 
back to earth.  She moaned as she rolled over and clicked the annoying alarm 
off.  That's why she had kept it all of these years.  She hated it so much that 
she had to get up and turn it off, rather than just ignore it.
	With a yawn Kiyone strolled back to the Yagami's bridge.  On her way she 
checked the stasis unit containing Washu's book.  They had gone through a lot of 
trouble to get this thing, so she hoped it was worth it (the mere thought of the 
kid from the circulation desk made the corner of her left eye twitch, an honor 
usually reserved for Mihoshi).  To her relief the system light still indicated 
green.  Also to her surprise was the fact that Mihoshi was actually awake and at 
her post, instead of reading comics or dozing.  Maybe Washu was right, and she 
really is a genius.
	"Mornin' Kiyone!" said an overly bubbly Mihoshi.
	"You're in a good mood today," said Kiyone as she pulled the side console 
around on the command chair.
	"Yep!" replied Mihoshi.  "Sasami recorded 'Space Police Policeman' for me 
while we were gone!  I can't wait to see the Purple Policeman in action again!"
	Kiyone just sighed.  'So much being a genius,' she thought.  "We should be 
back in Okayama within the hour," Kiyone said as she leaned back in her chair.  
"It'll be good to be home."

	"Uh-huh."



	"Why Marnot," said Ayeka coyly, "I am impressed."  Ayeka was at first 
prepared for another rough landing as the dimensional portal opened onto the 
distant planet.  But to total shock she stepped out on to perfectly level 
ground.  No screaming, no falling, no landing in a dog pile.

	"The champion is too injured," replied Marnot as he helped Tenchi through 
the gate.

	"I'm fine," said Tenchi with a grunt.  The gravity on this new world was 
slightly heavier than earth standard, but to the injured Tenchi it felt about 
ten times heavier.

	"You need to rest Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said, her voice laden with concern.

	"I concur," Marnot agreed as he eased Tenchi down to a fallen tree trunk.  
"Princess, is there a bedroll in that marvelous backpack of yours?"  Ayeka 
slipped the pack off and began to rifle through it.  When Washu had made the 
backpack she had connected the flap to a pseudo-space portal, there by giving it 
nearly unlimited storage capacity.  Ayeka pulled out the sleeping bags they had 
used before and rolled the both of them out, one on top of the other.

	"Really I'm fine," said Tenchi as Ayeka and Marnot helped him into the 
makeshift bed.  The truth of the matter was that he hurt like hell all over.  
Ksnis had done a number on him, and he had to use the light hawk wings to 
continue the fight.  That was the only thing besides the drive to save Ryoko 
that kept him going.

	"Rest," said Marnot as he laid a hand on Tenchi's injured shoulder.  The 
young champion winced slightly at first but soon fell into a much-needed sleep 
as a warm yellow glow spread from Marnot's hand across his body.

	"What did you do?" asked Ayeka.  Marnot smiled as Tenchi drifted off to 
sleep. 

	"I'm really not supposed to do that," he said as he took a seat next to 
Ayeka on the ground.  "But the champion was to badly injured not to risk it."

	"What will happen?" asked Ayeka as Marnot rubbed his temples.

	"At best, the Elder will ignore it," he began.

	"And at worst?"

	"They could confine me to one form," he said as he stretched his arms 
above his head.

	"That's not so bad," said Ayeka trying to see the harm in such a 
punishment.

	"But knowing my luck," laughed Marnot, "It would be yours."  Ayeka nearly 
fell over as Marnot's face morphed into an exact duplicate of hers, and then 
back to his again.

	"That was not funny," she said as sternly as possible, why trying not to 
laugh her self.

	"I thought so," laughed Marnot.  "Rest for a while princess," he said.  "I 
am going to round up something to eat and some fire wood."

	"Marnot," called Ayeka.

	"Yes Princess?"

	"Be careful."  Marnot nodded in acknowledgement of her concern and headed 
off into the woods.


	On a hill some ways off a tall being stands clad in black armor.  He has 
removed his obsidian helm to allow the pleasant breeze to blow through his long 
silver hair.  His crystal blue eyes narrow in the fading evening light.  He is 
Ignatius Baltus, emissary for the Elder.  He could see the camp sight in the 
distance where the champion lay resting, as did his companion.  

	"Ho! Marnot!" he calls out as the guardian spirit emerges from the shadow 
of the forest.

	"Greetings," replied Marnot as he clasped Baltus' outstretched hand.  

	"How fairs the champion?"

	"Daphne really did a number on him," began Marnot as he looked back down 
to the camp sight.

	"`Twas not Daphne that injured him," answered Baltus.  "But the Tyran that 
followed you through the gate."

	"That worm?" Marnot said incredulously.  "I should have killed him when I 
had the chance."

	"Do not worry yourself," laughed Baltus.  "The Elder were most impressed 
by his abilities and shall not reprimand thee for using the healing touch.  So 
you need not fear being trapped in the princess' form."

	"That's a relief," joked Marnot.

	"Marnot," continued Baltus sternly, "do not harm her."

	"I shall not," answered Marnot.  "She has been grieved more than enough in 
her life time.  It would not be fair of me, since it could never be," he said 
with a heavy heart.  "I have already seen her future."

	"As have I," replied Baltus.  "I bid thee well old friend."

	"As I do you," said Marnot as Baltus faded out of sight.  With a heavy 
sigh he picked up his bundle of firewood and continued on his hunt.



	"We're here!" exclaimed Mihoshi as she threw the door to Washu's lab open.

	"And no jokes about covert ops Washu," kidded Kiyone as Sasami gave 
Mihoshi a big hug.

	"You take all my fun," joked Washu as she took the stasis unit from 
Kiyone.  "Thanks you two," said Washu as she sat the unit on a table.  "If you 
only knew how much this helps."

	"It's alright," said Kiyone as she laid a hand on the diminutive geniuses 
shoulder.  "We would do anything to help.  You know that."  Washu wiped a tear 
from her eye as she cast a glance towards Ryoko's sleep chamber.  It broke her 
heart every time she saw her daughter trapped beneath that pale green light.  
"Little Washu?" asked Kiyone, her voice full of concern.

	"I'm sorry Kiyone," she begged as she returned to this reality.  "I just 
drifted off for a second."

	"It's understandable," said Kiyone with a yawn.  "I'm in need of a good 
soak, do you care to join me little Washu?"

	"Maybe later," Washu said as she hooked the stasis unit up to an external 
power supply.  "I need to talk to someone first."

	"I'll save some sake and Orion for you."

	"Thank you Kiyone."  The green haired GP nodded and left Washu to herself 
in the lab.

***

	"I see you managed to stay out of the champion's pants this time," joked 
Marnot as he returned to the campsite.

	"I did," replied Ayeka calmly, totally opposite what Marnot had expected.  

	"Very well,' he continued, not quite sure what to think.  "I have brought 
dinner," he said holding up a small animal that he had already killed and 
cleaned.  

	"I hope you plan on cooking that first," said Ayeka.

	"Of course replied Marnot as he built a fire.  He piled some wood into a 
teepee and ringed it with stones.  A spark jumped from finger and ignited the 
soft kindling around the base.  I a few moments the fire was raging, providing 
both light and warmth as he and Ayeka sat around it in an uneasy quiet.

	"Marnot," finally said Ayeka, "What did you mean back in the last 
sanctuary?"

	"What are you referring too?"

	"When you asked me if I knew why Ryoko did what she did," said Ayeka.  She 
and Ryoko had shared some tender moments when they were searching Japan for 
Tenchi, and tensions had eased between them for the most part.  But Ayeka could 
not understand exactly why Ryoko had teleported in front of that bolt.  It could 
have been her ticket to having Tenchi all to herself.

	"Would you like to hear the reason from Ryoko herself?" asked Marnot as he 
fashioned a spit to roast their dinner on.

	"You can do that?'

	"Only briefly," replied Marnot.  Ayeka could not believe her eyes as the 
astral body of Ryoko phased in next to Marnot.  Ryoko blinked a few times as she 
realized where she was.

	"Hello princess," she said with a wry smile.  "I never thought I'd be glad 
to see you."

	"Same here Ryoko," said Ayeka.  

	"How is he?" asked Ryoko as she knelt next to the sleeping Tenchi.  Her 
ethereal hand passed right through him as she tried stroke his forehead.

	"He shall be fine," said Marnot, trying his best to reassure her.  Ryoko 
sighed heavily as she stared at Tenchi's battered face.  Some of the bruises and 
cuts had begun to heal, but the majority of them were still there.

	"Ryoko," Ayeka began timidly.  "Will you walk with me?"  Ryoko knew what 
Ayeka wanted to know, but she really did not know if she could say it.  She 
glanced to Marnot who made a shooing motion towards her.  With another heavy 
sigh Ryoko followed Ayeka to the edge of the woods.

	"I know what you want princess," began Ryoko as she paced around on the 
dried leaves.

	"Then tell me," encouraged Ayeka. 

	After fidgeting around for a moment Ryoko broke down into tears.  "I love 
Tenchi that's why!" she exclaimed.  Ayeka was slightly taken aback by Ryoko's 
unorthodox answer.
	
	"But Ryoko," she began only to be cut back off.

	"No let me finish," pleaded Ryoko.  "When I saw Baltus raise his hand 
towards you, I was heart broken.  I had always feared that he had chosen you.  
You are everything that I'm not: refined, beautiful, a real lady.  But I love 
Tenchi and that was all that mattered to me at the moment.  If he had chosen 
you, I knew he would never be happy again if we all stood by and let you be 
killed.

	"That is why I teleported in front of you," cried the astral Ryoko.  "I 
wanted Tenchi to be happy.  And if that meant dying so that you could live, so 
be it.  I had no idea that it was all a ruse to make the one he had chosen 
reveal her self.  I didn't even know he loved me!" finished Ryoko in tears.

	"Ryoko," said a tearful Ayeka.  "I do not know what I ever could do to 
thank you," she said falling to her knees, humbled.  Ryoko walked over to her 
and knelt beside her weeping friend.

	"Easy," said Ryoko as she tried to place a ghostly arm around Ayeka.  
"Take care of Tenchi so that when this is over we both can have him back."

	"That I will," said Ayeka as Ryoko faded back to the astral realm.  She 
sat there on her knees for a few moments listening to the indigenous insect 
life.  'Strange,' she thought.  'It sounds like the cicadas back on earth.'

	From his vantage point Marnot had watched the princess and the ethereal 
space pirate converse.  He tuned his hearing out so that he could respect their 
privacy, but he knew what was being said.  As much as he wanted to act on the 
feelings he had developed over the past week, he knew that he could not.  It was 
forbidden.  He was an eternal, and she was mortal.  She would grow old and die 
in his arms while he remained the same.  This universe is cruel in these 
matters.  There is no denying such a universal truth, even though by their very 
nature universal truths are inherently untrue.  For now he had to be content to 
watch the lonely princess as she regained her composure, being careful not let 
their dinner burn.   

***

	"May have a word with you Lord Katsuhito?" Washu asked as she approached 
the aged Shinto priest.  Katsuhito was sitting out behind the shrine in front of 
the withered husk of Haruna's camellia tree.  A small campfire was burning and 
it cast a warm orange glow on to the chiseled lines of his ancient face.

	"You may," he said offering Washu a saucer of sake.  She accepted it and 
sipped the warm liquid.  "It has been over a year since then, hasn't it?" asked 
Katsuhito as Washu stared into the empty boughs of the tree.

	"And here we are in another mess," said Washu half-jokingly, half-serious.

	"That we are," agreed Katsuhito as he sipped his sake.  "You have come to 
ask about my Odyssey and why it has never been mentioned before, am I right?"  
Washu was amazed.  Somehow Katsuhito always seemed to know what she wanted, even 
before she did.

	"Any clue can help me at this point," Washu said as she poured another cup 
of the pleasantly warm sake.  "What I am planning is ambitious even for me."
	
	"I know," replied Katsuhito.  "And I know what is approaching.  There is 
no other reason why the Elder would choose a champion now."

	"That is why I must do this," argued Washu.  "Tenchi will need all the 
help he can get, champion or not!"

	"And I agree with you miss Washu."  Katsuhito stopped to study the stars 
like they were all old friends of his.  Finally he decided on one in particular 
and focused all of his attention on it, like that was the one Tenchi was near.  
And for all Washu knew he just might be.

	"Several life times ago when I was young prince on Jurai," began Katsuhito 
recapturing Washu's attention.  "I had read of the legend of the Elder and their 
champion, and I took it upon my self to become that champion... 

***

	"Did you find your answers, Princess?" asked Marnot as Ayeka rejoined him 
at the fireside.  "Princess?  Princess?"  Finally Ayeka snapped out of her 
daydream.  She was still amazed that Ryoko had been so selfless that she had not 
heard Marnot... Now Marnot was another question entirely.  There was something 
about him that Ayeka could not put a finger on at the moment.

	"I did," answered the violet haired princess.   "And I will be forever in 
her debt."

	"Debts can be canceled," said Marnot as he cut a portion of the roasted 
critter off and handed it to her.  She readily accepted it; anything was better 
than another one of Washu's energy bars.
	
	"Is it to your liking?" asked Marnot.  

	"This is really good," Ayeka said between bites.  "What is it?  On second 
thought, don't tell me."

	"As you wish," laughed Marnot.  He offered more to Ayeka, which she took 
as eagerly as before.  "No one is going to take it from you," laughed Marnot. 

	"Be quiet you," she said playfully.  "A princess shall eat however she 
sees fit."

	"As you command my liege," said Marnot putting on his best royal voice and 
making a sweeping bow in front of her.  As he brought his eyes up he caught the 
firelight dancing in hers.  As quickly as it had risen his spirit crashed and he 
took his seat again.

	"Is something the matter?" asked Ayeka wondering if she had somehow 
insulted him.

	"No, nothings the matter," he lied.  A tense moment passed.  The only 
break in the deafening silence came from the crackling of the campfire and the 
occasional insect chirping about.  

***

	"...And so my Odyssey ended," said Katsuhito.  "I had let my arrogance get 
the better of me and the Elder used the experience to humble me."

	"But not let you become the champion," added Washu.  So many things made 
sense now.  "But what about your sacrifice?  You said she was restored?"

	"As per conditions of the Odyssey she was.  Becoming champion is not a 
prerequisite for restoring the sacrifice, only completing the Odyssey."

	"That doesn't seem fair," Washu said with a fair amount of disdain intoned 
in her voice.  

	"Consider it an incentive to complete the Odyssey," added Katsuhito.  "But 
afterwards my feelings were forever changed.  I could no longer consider her my 
true love for what I put her through for my own gain.  So I turned to one of my 
mothers hand maidens for romance."

"That would be Haruna, correct?"

"Yes.  My mother managed to keep the scandal of Haruna from the press and from 
her, but it could not be kept indefinitely.  When Kagato sent Ryoko to attack 
Jurai I used that as the perfect excuse to leave with Haruna.  Little did I know 
that she would not survive the arduous chase across the galaxy."

"What does she know about the time you were on the Odyssey?" asked Washu.  She 
hated prying into Katsuhito's past, just as she would hate for anyone to pry 
into hers, but to save her daughter and his grandson she deemed it necessary.

"She believes that she was just very ill for that period of time.  And she needs 
to know nothing else," added Katsuhito rather sternly.

"Your secret is safe with me Lord Katsuhito," Washu said as she rose from the 
small boulder she had been seated on.  "Thank you Lord Katsuhito."

"You are welcome miss Washu," he returned as she stepped into a dimensional 
portal.  Katsuhito sat there for the rest of the night.  He ran out of sake long 
before daybreak and the fire was long cold by then as well.  This had been one 
of the eternal consequences of his Odyssey: the knowledge that he gave up the 
most sacred thing in the world for personal gain.  He gave up his true love and 
was never able to fully regain it. 



The Odyssey shall continue.

 
