"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Eight: MihoKiyo Side Story


	"What was I thinking," mused Kiyone out loud as she piloted the Yagami 
towards the Galactic Science Academy.   

	"Keep it down Kiyone," mumbled Mihoshi.   As usual the blonde GP was sound 
asleep in the copilots chair.  

	"She has to sleep more than any other human in the galaxy!" fumed Kiyone. 
Mihoshi just mumbled something and rolled over on her side.   Kiyone just shook 
her head and leaned back into the pilots seat.  'This all seems like a bad 
dream,' she thought as her mind slipped back to the events of the days before.


	"Is there anything we can do to help Little Washu?" asked Kiyone as she 
laid Sasami on the futon.

	"Well," began Washu as she spun around from her computer.  "There is a 
slight errand you and Mihoshi can run for me."

	"An errand?"

	"Yes.  I need an ancient text from the library archives at the Galactic 
Academy."

	"And I take it that this is a text they don't let people check out on a 
regular basis."

	"Bingo."

	It all sounded simple enough.  Sneak into the academy, gain access to the 
archives, and retrieve the text.  But when dealing with Washu nothing is ever as 
simple as it sounds.     

	"By now I should know better than to do something when she says 'slight' 
and 'bingo'," sighed Kiyone.  "I should have seen what she was really saying:"

1.) There is a slight errand I need somebody to run for me-- I need somebody to 
do something incredibly stupid for me.

2.) I need an ancient text-- it is guarded beyond comparison.

3.) They don't let people check it out on a regular basis-- we're going to have 
to steal it.

4.) Bingo-- we'll probably get killed in the process.

	"I must be nuts," she realized.  "Might as well go over this again," she 
said pulling up the data file Washu had given her.  All of the little details 
were outlined in intricate detail.  Everything had been covered from the 
reactivation of their false credentials to phony orders logged at the Galaxy 
Police headquarters so no one would get suspicious and come looking for them on 
earth.

	"Oh boy," sighed Kiyone as she brought up the schematics of the archive's 
vaults.  "Climate controlled at 28o Centigrade, motion detectors, heat sensors, 
magnetometers, radiation sensors, and reinforced Tritanium/ adimantium walls 
which are four meters thick."  She stopped for a second as she pondered the 
vaults dimensions. 

	"It'd take a battleship to punch through that," she figured.  As she read 
further she came to a comment Washu had made on the margins of the page:

	It would take a battleship to punch through this!!!

Kiyone laughed slightly.  At least her and Washu thought alike at times.  Now 
all that was left was actually getting to the academy, and keeping Mihoshi from 
blowing it like she nearly did last time.  With a sigh she clicked off the 
computer screen.

	
	    'Please work,' thought Kiyone as she slid her pass card thru the 
scanner.  After a tense second or two the light turned green and the door slid 
open.  'Thank God.  Now to find Mihoshi.'  She didn't have to look very far.

	"Kiyone!" yelled Mihoshi as she tripped over her own feet and landed flat 
on her face.  "Ouch," she whimpered.

	"What a bubble brain," growled Kiyone.  "Mihoshi! Pick yourself up and cut 
that out!"

	"Sorry," whimpered the ditsy GP as she rubbed the side of her head.

	"Please try to keep the goofs to a minimum!" scolded Kiyone.  Mihoshi 
nodded followed slightly behind her peeved partner.  "We have to get checked 
into our dorm," began Kiyone. "But first we have to meet with Dean Eisen, so let 
me do the talking.  Got that?"

	"Yep."

	"You'd better," warned Kiyone.  "If we blow this Washu won't be able to 
save Tenchi, understand?"

	"Uh-huh."

	"Good."

***

	"So you two are transfers from the Andorrian Institute of Technology," 
said Dean Eisen as he read from the transcript.

	"Yes sir," replied Kiyone.  "We're here on fellowship to study the files 
of the great Hakubi Washu."

	"I see miss," he paused for a second as he flipped the page of the 
transcript. "Ah here it is.  Makibi Kiyone, and,"

	"My research partner Kuramitsu Mihoshi," chimed in Kiyone.

	"Ah yes," said Dean Eisen.  "I see that all is in order here, even written 
permission from professor Hakubi to access her private files."

	"Will we have access to all of her works?" inquired Kiyone.

	"Everything but those classified as level red," said Dean Eisen as he 
shuffled the papers on his desk.

	"Why not level red?" asked Kiyone.  'Dammit,' she thought.  'Washu said we 
would have complete access!'

	"Level red items have been declared state secret by Jurai," said Dean 
Eisen flatly.  "Not even professor Hakubi can access those files any longer."

	"Will see about that," whispered Kiyone under her breath.

	"Excuse me miss Makibi?"
	
	"Oh, nothing Dean Eisen," said Kiyone trying to act innocent.

	"But Kiyone," began Mihoshi, "you said-Ow!"  She was cut off as Kiyone 
drove the heel of her shoe into Mihoshi's foot.

	  "It will be late soon and we need to get unpacked," began Kiyone as she 
started to push Mihoshi towards the door.

	"Very well," replied Dean Eisen.  "I hope your research goes well."

	"Thank you sir," said Kiyone bowing slightly.

	"How odd," thought the Dean to himself as the door clicked shut.  Outside 
Kiyone was still pushing Mihoshi towards their dormitory.

	"I'm sorry," begged Mihoshi, trying to placate the extremely perturbed 
Kiyone.

	"Of all the dunderheaded, stupid things," exclaimed Kiyone.  

	"I said I'm sorry," sniffed Mihoshi.  Large tears had begun to well up in 
her blue puppy dog eyes.  Kiyone clenched her fists but the first sign of tears 
changed her demeanor.  For all of her bubble brained faults, Mihoshi meant well.

	"Just forget about it," she said shaking her head.   "We need to check in 
with Washu and find out how Tenchi and Ayeka are doing."

	"Uh-huh," nodded Mihoshi.

	"Then we can scout out the archives," started Kiyone.

	"And the cafeteria?" interjected Mihoshi.

	"And the cafeteria," laughed Kiyone.


***
	"So they're searching for the second gem," said Kiyone.  Across the galaxy 
Washu nodded over the video link.

	"Yep.  I lost track of them about ten hours ago, but I'm having a hard 
time pulling up data on the system there in," said Washu.

	"And since were here we can get it for you."

	"Bingo."  

	'There's that word again,' thought Kiyone.  "Alright Little Washu, give me 
the coordinates and I'll send a data stream of what they've got."

	"It's 1-4-7-7 mk.5."

	"Alright," said Kiyone as she logged the coordinates.  "I'm heading to the 
archives after while to do some scouting.  Can you get me Level red clearance 
little Washu?"  A strained silence passed for a moment before Washu answered.

	"That might take a little doing," she began.  "Level red has been 
classified by the Holy Council of Jurai.  Not even the emperor can access those 
files with out their permission."

	"But he's not the universes greatest scientific genius," chimed in Kiyone.  
She knew a little ego stroking always made Washu a little easier to work with.

	"True.  I'll get right on it," said Washu who was already busily hacking 
the Academies system.  "Where's Mihoshi?" she asked out of curiosity.

	"Taking a nap," replied Kiyone as she chucked a thumb towards the bedroom.

	"Better asleep than awake," commented Washu.  "Anyway be careful you two."

	"We will."  With that the screen blinked out.  Kiyone sat back onto the 
small sofa in the dormitory provided by the Academy.  It wasn't too bad of a 
place; about the size of the small flat she and Mihoshi had rented at one time 
in downtown Okayama.  A small writing desk adorned one end of the dorm and a 
kitchenette was at the other end.  The bedroom had twin beds and a small shower 
and lavatory.

	"As long as she's asleep I'd better check out the archives."  With that 
Kiyone scribbled a quick note to Mihoshi and headed out.  As she walked down the 
tree-lined avenue she couldn't help but be amazed by the size of the 
institution.  This portion of the campus alone occupied a small continent.  Mag-
lev trains connected the various campuses and off-shoots.  They had been lucky 
to be assigned a dorm so close to the archives.  It made for ease of access and 
escape.

	Kiyone approached a large glass and steel building that was the focal 
point of this part of the campus.  The sign outside still read the Washu Hakubi 
Memorial Archives.  Even at the galactic academy it took time to change things 
that had been so for five thousand years.  Kiyone pulled out a small camera and 
snapped a photo of the sign.

	"Washu will get a kick out of this," she chuckled.  Once inside she found 
a small cubicle away from everybody else and began her search.  After an hour or 
so she had found the data Washu had asked for.  "Encoded and sent," she 
complimented herself.  "Now to business."  Kiyone pulled up the schematic of the 
archive building again and located a service terminal.

	"That should do it," she said noting the access point.  With that out of 
the way she clicked of her terminal and headed for the main circulation desk.

	"Excuse me," she asked the young man behind the desk.  "My name is Kiyone 
Makibi and I'm here on fellowship from AIT.  Would you be kind enough to direct 
me to the holdings of Professor Hakubi?"

	"Dean Eisen said you'd be by," said the young man as he punched up the 
location.  A small screen popped up in front of Kiyone and marking their 
location.  "As you see we are here."  Kiyone nodded as the marker began to move 
thru the three-dimensional line diagram.  "Professor Hakubi's documents are on 
sub-level five, collection three-one-six."

	"Thank you so much," smiled Kiyone.  "Tell me, could you show me how to 
get there, I mean this place is overwhelming."  The young man blinked for a 
second then swallowed nervously as Kiyone leaned over the counter towards him.  
"Please?"

	"Um, sure," he said somewhat timidly.   "Just follow me."  Kiyone smiled 
and winked at him.  The young student blushed and began to show Kiyone the 
archives, rambling here and there about the level of technology employed by the 
academy at the archives.  Kiyone just smiled and nodded.

	'You still have the touch,' she complimented her self mentally.   The kid 
never noticed the small camera LED on the corner of her glasses.  "What about 
that area?" she asked as they passed a nondescript section of the wing.

	"That area is coded level red," he said firmly.  "Restricted."

	"I see," nodded Kiyone, making sure to get a good look at the entryway.

	"And over here." The tour lasted about another twenty minutes or so before 
Kiyone managed to get away from the smitten student. 

	"That worked nicely," she said to herself as she took of her glasses.  She 
checked the little indicator inside the frame.  It showed that the data storage 
device had worked perfectly.

***

	"Are you listening Mihoshi?" Mihoshi had a dazed look on her face, which 
was usually par for the course.  "Mihoshi?"  

	"I was just thinking," she said pointing towards the schematic on the vid-
screen.  "Wouldn't be easier if we took this service tube, then repelled into 
the main vault thru this shaft?"  Kiyone just stood there blinked for moment.  
She looked at the vid-screen, then at Mihoshi.  This went on several times 
before Kiyone found the will to speak again.

	"That just might work," she mumbled.  "Mihoshi how did you?  I mean, what 
I meant." Kiyone was at a loss for words.  Mihoshi's plan just might work.

	"It's easy."

	"Easy?"

	"Yep.  Just look for the simplest way to do things.  But there is a 
problem."

	"Go on." Kiyone knew that this had to be too good to be true.

	"If the service tubes have thermal sensors, they'd pick us up if both of 
us went, even with the stealth suits."  She was right, and Kiyone knew it.

	"You've got a point Mihoshi."  There was always a problem even when things 
were planned to the nth degree.  It was a condition of Washu's "Bingo."

	"Only one of us can do this undetected.  Um, Kiyone."  Mihoshi began to 
fidget around a bit and lowered her eyes from the screen.

	"What is it Mihoshi?"

	"Can I do it?"  Kiyone nearly fainted.  Before she could say 'no' Mihoshi 
grabbed her hand and began to beg.  "Please Kiyone.  It would let me repay 
Tenchi if I got this for Washu.  Pleeeeease!"

	"Repay him?" Yet again Kiyone had no idea what Mihoshi was babbling about. 
So much for the lucid moment before.

 	"Tenchi saved me from a black hole when I arrived on earth," she sniffed.  
"And he's been so kind to me and I, and I."

	"And you WHAT?"

	"I still have a little bit of a crush on him."  Kiyone sighed.  Whatever 
her faults may be Mihoshi's heart was in the right place.  And the last time 
they were here accessing the Dimension Stabilizing System she did exceptionally 
well.

	"We'll talk about in the morning, Okay?"  Mihoshi nodded and gave Kiyone a 
hug before bounced off to the small bedroom.  Kiyone sighed and ran a hand thru 
her hair.  'Mihoshi can do it; she's done stuff like this in the past.  But it 
seems like Murphy's Law follows her constantly.  I know what Washu would say, 
but what would Tenchi say in a situation like this?'  Kiyone walked over to the 
refrigerator and got out a bottle of beer. She popped the cap and took a 
tentative sip.  It was the local brew and a little bitterer than the types 
brewed back on earth, but it was cold, and that's all that really mattered at 
the moment.

	  "It's not Orion but it will do," she said as she pourred the beverage 
up.  'I know what Tenchi would say,' she answered herself.  'He would say go 
with what your heart says.'  Mihoshi was already asleep when Kiyone checked in 
on her.  
	
	"Please don't goof this up," she prayed.

***

	"I take it your research is going well miss Makibi?"  The voice of Dean 
Eisen brought Kiyone and Mihoshi back from the world of academia.
 
	"Yes sir," chirped Mihoshi.

	"That's good.  By the way," began Dean Eisen as he fumbled thru his brief 
case.  Kiyone shot Mihoshi a worried glance.  "This arrived for you today."  
Kiyone took the package from the Dean and checked the postmark.  It was from the 
Juraian Embassy.

	"Thank you sir," smiled Kiyone.

	"Keep of the good work," he said as he walked out of their study area.  
After he was gone Kiyone opened the envelope.  A handwritten note was inside 
along with a small plastic pass card.

	"What does it say?" asked Mihoshi.  Kiyone stared blankly at her partner 
and handed her the note.  It read:

	Washu said you needed this.  Don't ask how or why, just use it and take 
care of my great-grandson.

Funahoe

	"Is this what I think it is Kiyone?"

	"It is," said a still amazed Kiyone.  "Do you know what this means?"

	"We can just walk right in!" chimed Mihoshi.  Kiyone smiled at her and 
gave in to the sudden urge that came over her.

	"Bingo!"

***

	"Here's the plan," explained Kiyone.  "First I'll distract the kid at the 
circulation desk, which won't be too hard.  Second you ditch your street clothes 
and take the service tube to quadrant four, sub-level Charlie.  Then access the 
terminal and bring up file one- seven- oh- one."

	"Then I access the level red files using the key card," continued Mihoshi.

	"Right.  That should direct you to storage unit four- eight- one.  You'll 
have to use the card again to access the unit."

	"Then I'll put the artifact in the containment unit Washu made and take 
the service tubes back to pick up my street clothes.  Um, Kiyone?"

	"Yes?"

	"Should I keep the stealth suit on or not?"

	"Keep it on just in case."  Mihoshi nodded in agreement.  "Sounds like 
we've got it down," said Kiyone as she leaned back on the sofa.  "We do it 
tomorrow night, alright?"

	"I'm ready," said Mihoshi as she stood and snapped off a playful salute.

	"Cut it out will ya'" laughed Kiyone.  Mihoshi just giggled and sat back 
down.

	"Kiyone," she said timidly.

	"Yes Mihoshi?"

	"Why did you decide to let me do this?"

	"Simple.  I just decided to do what Tenchi would have done."

	"Really?"

	"Yep.  He would have trusted his heart.  He always has and probably always 
will.  That's why we've got to do this right."  She stopped for a second to run 
a hand thru her green hair.  "Even with all of the headaches Ryoko's given me it 
would kill me to see Tenchi heart broken.  That's why I trust you Mihoshi.  
You'll do just fine."

	"Thanks Kiyone," yawned Mihoshi.

	"We'd better turn in.  Tomorrow will be a long day."


The Odyssey shall continue.

Don't worry.  This isn't the last of the MihoKiyo Side Story.  They've still got 
to get the book you know!  Later.
William Nichols    
          

 



