"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Seventeen: Remembrance by William Nichols


Memories of what used to be
The images in the mind we see
Of far away places
And forgotten faces

Images of times good and bad
And of things happy and sad
Images of words spoken aloud 
And of dreams made in the clouds

Images of those who we hold dear
And those far and near
Images of those gone by
Visible only to the minds eye - excerpt from 'Memories' by the author.



	As the sun rose over the Okayama countryside it found Katsuhito Masaki 
sitting in front of the tree that used to house the spirit of former lover.  He 
had taken her from Jurai and left another behind.  But things were not meant to 
be.  In the end he had lost both loves, and found himself living the rest of his 
days, perpetuating a lineage of Shinto shrine masters to guard the demon he had 
defeated those seven hundred long years ago. 

	But now his last descendent had freed the demon that he had imprisoned in 
the shrine.  He sighed.  Calling Ryoko a demon was too harsh.  She had been 
under the control of Kagato, and was a prisoner in her own body.   During their 
talk last night Washu had brought up old memories.  Memories he had tried very 
hard to forget.  Now there was no turning back.  Katsuhito sighed again as days 
of old returned to him...

***

	A young nobleman walks the halls of the royal palace on Jurai.  The 
splendor of the intricately carved panels depicting Jurai's long and storied 
history is lost on him, as is the beauty of the gilded mirrors every few meters.  
Arguably he was in the most lavish palace in the known universe, and it mattered 
little to him.  There is too much on his mind to pay tribute to such petty 
concerns.  His footfalls echo the deep-rooted mental torment he is experiencing.  
He has come to the point that every young man reaches sooner or later, and he is 
unsure of where his future lays.  Finally a soft voice returns him to this 
reality. 
 
	"Are you really going through with this Yosho?"  The young prince turned 
around to see the beauty of his raven-haired mother standing behind him.  

	"Yes mother," he replied solemnly, "I am."  Believing nothing further need 
to be said, the young prince turned to leave his mothers presence.  

	"It is not fair to her and you know it."  

Yosho spun around to face his mother; his white imperial robes twisting out like 
a pinwheel.  Funaho sighed.  He may have inherited his nature from her, but 
unfortunately he also inherited his father's temper.  The young prince opened 
his mouth but promptly shut it.  'He's learning,' Funaho thought.

	"Mother," he said calmly.  "I would not do this if I was not confident in 
my abilities."

	"That is not what bothers me," Funaho replied, trying her best to reason 
with her son.  "I know full well that you will succeed, but it about her that I 
am concerned."

	This time Yosho spoke without thinking.  "But she is only your 
stepdaughter!"  He regretted those words before he finished them.  The look of 
hurt on his mothers face was plainly obvious.  It was true that Ayeka was 
Azusa's daughter by Misaki, bit she still loved her all the same, just as Misaki 
loved Yosho.  "I am sorry mother."

	"Yosho," began Funaho, the hurt plainly obvious in her voice.  "I do not 
want you to do this.  Ayeka loves you beyond life itself.  And by some small 
chance that you fail in this harebrained foolery I will never be able to look 
your father or Misaki in the eyes again."

	"I will not fail!" said Yosho, his voice full of fire.  "Ayeka is in no 
danger!"

	"Anyone who would dismiss the possibility of failure or danger is a fool," 
replied Funaho in her best motherly voice.  "I do not want you to do this.  I do 
not want the possibility of Ayeka being lost."

	"Are you ordering me not to do this?"

	"I could," began Funaho shaking her head, "but you would just go anyway.  
Just as your father would."

	"Do not worry mother," Yosho said as he held his mothers hand, "I promise 
that I will succeed and become their champion."

	"I do not care about you becoming champion," said Funaho, trying to hold 
her emotions in check.  "I love you and Ayeka, and I do want any harm to befall 
either of you."

	"I promise mother," said Yosho as he wrapped his arms around Funaho, 
drawing her close to him.  "I will not fail."

	"I pray that you are right," she said quietly.  Thus said she turned and 
left Yosho to himself in the great hall of the palace.

***

	Katsuhito rested his elbows on his knees and his chin on his fists as he 
watched the crimson clouds beckon the new day.  'How foolish,' he pondered.  
'Eight hundred years and I still grieve over that day.'  He sighed heavily as 
his thoughts drifted back to that day...

***

	The grounds of the royal palace covered over a hundred square kilometers 
in the capital city.  Every environment that Jurai was capable of supporting 
could be found somewhere on the grounds.  Yosho's favorite had always been the 
thick forests.  The endless sea of conifers and deciduous trees seemed to speak 
to him, and on some level they did, as they radiated Jurai energy.  His favorite 
place was bend in a gentle stream that split the forest.  Here Azaka and 
Kamidake would often find him in deep thought.  

	   But today his destination was not the forest grounds, but the endless 
fields of flowers that lay outside the royal gardens.  This was another person's 
favorite spot.  The sweet smells that wafted through the air that day did not 
give Yosho any sort of pleasure or satisfaction.  He had made his choice and he 
had to keep his end of the agreement.  His mother was in the know, and his 
father knew he wanted to be champion.  Azusa even thought it would be a good 
thing.  His son becoming the Elder's champion would help ease tensions over his 
ascendance to the throne one day.  What he did not know was the cost of his son 
undertaking the Odyssey.  

Misaki was completely in the dark about the whole ordeal.  Funaho had decided 
that not telling her would be for the better.  Yosho would be successful, and 
Ayeka would be fine.  So there was no need in worrying her needlessly, there 
would be enough of that from what Funaho understood of what Yosho described to 
her.  Funaho also worried the shock of the truth would jeopardize Misaki's 
condition.

After scouring the endless sea of color Yosho finally found what he was looking 
for.  Amongst the pinks, yellows, and blues he saw the tops of two bobbing 
purple ponytails.  A half-hearted smile crept across his face.  He loved Ayeka 
and understood the responsibility of continuing the linage of his father, but he 
had to do this.  He had to prove himself.

"Brother!" the near teenaged Ayeka called out as she ran to him.  Yosho dropped 
to one knee so that Ayeka could hug him and he returned the gesture.  "Are you 
going to play with me?" she asked looking up to him with a loving smile.  That 
smile quickly faded as she saw the torment in her brother eyes.

"What's the matter?" she asked somewhat timidly.

"Oh nothing," replied Yosho as he hoisted her up into his arms.  "It's just that 
I'm going on a trip soon and I wanted to spend sometime with my little sister."

"Can I come?"

"No," he laughed, "you'd better stay here and watch after mommy-

"And my little brother!" interjected Ayeka.

"Or sister," replied Yosho.  "We don't know if it will be a brother or a sister 
for a while you know."

"I hope it's a little brother."

"Why is that Ayeka?"

"So that I can have two Yosho's to watch over me and be my prince."  Those words 
pierced Yosho's heart.  For the first time he questioned his decision to 
undertake the Odyssey.  Was the sacrifice something he could handle?  Was it 
worth risking?  He cursed himself inwardly for sounding like his mother.

"Come on," he said setting Ayeka down, "lets play."

***

The morning haze had all but burned away in the valley beneath the Masaki 
Shrine, and Katsuhito had scarcely moved and inch since Washu had left him.  As 
much as he wanted to forget these things, he needed to remember them...  

That night Baltus came and his Odyssey began.  To hide his sacrifice Ayeka was 
believed to be very ill and Funaho never left her side.  For the next two weeks 
Misaki was heartbroken.  To cover with the press Funaho said Yosho was on a 
sensitive diplomatic envoy and would return to Jurai as soon as possible.  For 
the next two weeks the galaxy hinged on every report of Ayeka's condition.  
Stock exchanges collapsed.  Alliances fell through.  And through it all Yosho 
was fighting the five guardians to gain the spirit stones.   Marnot accompanied 
him as he had every young champion before and every one since.  

But unlike his grandson Yosho did learn what the guardians tried to teach him.  
He did not heed Marnot's advice.  And in the end he stood before the Elder, to 
be judged worthy.  He presented the medallion with the four elemental stones on 
the cardinal points and the light stone binding them in the center.  The Elder 
restored his sacrifice and Ayeka awoke as promised.  But they denied him his 
title.  He had accomplished every goal they had set for him, and had four days 
to spare.  But he did not understand the underlying principle of the Odyssey.  
And for that they denied him.

It took Yosho a long time to understand the fundamental flaw that cost him his 
title.  But moreover he had to live with the knowledge that he had endangered 
Ayeka for his personal gain.  The Elder had been merciful in restoring her, 
something they usually did not do if the prospect was denied the title.  But in 
their infinite wisdom and cruelty they saw that by restoring Ayeka, Yosho would 
learn the lesson they had failed to teach him.  This would prove to be more 
punitive a lesson than taking her life.   

"May Tsunami forgive me," whispered Katsuhito as he returned to the shrine 
office.

***

On a planet halfway across the galaxy Marnot sat across the campfire from the 
now grown Ayeka.  He had remembered the sweetness in her face when he had 
glimpsed her when Yosho set out on his Odyssey.  She was so young and innocent 
then, and that is what bothered him the most.  Those actions beyond her control 
millennia ago had drastically altered her future.  A future Marnot knew, and it 
saddened him.

"Marnot-
"Ayeka- Both of them laughed slightly as tried to speak at the same time.

"You first princess," Marnot said with a slight chuckle.  

Ayeka returned his warm smile.  "Marnot," she began somewhat hesitantly, " my 
brother mentioned some days ago that he had undertaken the Odyssey, yet I have 
no memory of him every leaving on such.  Can you tell me about it."

Marnot sighed heavily.  He had hoped that this question would not arise.  But 
since it had he chose his words very carefully.  "I can," he began rubbing his 
temples.  "Nearly a millennia ago the young Lord Yosho approached the Elder and 
demanded to undertake the Odyssey."

"They did not choose him?"

"No but they were willing to give him the benefit of the doubt," he continued.  
"He completed his Odyssey but failed to accomplish the fundamental goal of the 
Odyssey, so he was denied the title of champion."

"And what was that?"

"That a champion must be self-sacrificing.  A true champion is forged from the 
love he has for others, not out of the desire for personal gain.  Hence the way 
champions are selected and the nature of the sacrifice."

"Ones true love."

"Exactly.  Most would fight hell or high water to save those they love.  The 
purest champions are exactly like that."

"Like Tenchi."

"Yes.  Just like the young champion here," said Marnot motioning to the still 
sleeping Tenchi.

"Just one more thing," asked Ayeka.

"Go on."

"Who was my brothers sacrifice?"  Marnot visibly cringed as those words parted 
her lips.  He could not, no he would not tell her the truth.  

"I do not know really," he lied.  "I am just the guardian guide.  Lord Yosho 
never spoke much during the Odyssey."  At least that much was true, but the rest 
was fabricated.  Marnot knew good and well Ayeka had been Yosho's sacrifice.  He 
had also never imagined he would see the young princess ever again after that 
night on Jurai those long centuries ago.  

"It was probably before I was born," sighed Ayeka.

"I believe it was," added Marnot looking for the easy road out of this line of 
discussion.  The firelight danced between them as they sat in uneasy quiet.  
Each of them knew what they wanted to say, but held it within.

"Marnot,"

"Yes Ayeka?"

"You will always remember me, will you not?"  Marnot sat there for a moment 
before he answered.

"That is cruel of you to ask of me princess," he said, his voice choking a bit.

"Why is it cruel?" asked Ayeka not sure of what would come next.

"Because long after you have returned to dust I will stand over your grave and 
weep.  That is why it is a cruel request."  For the first time in eons the 
guardian was crying.  "Forgive me," he said as he stood up.  "I need to be 
alone."  Before Ayeka could protest Marnot morphed into a large raptor and flew 
off into the night sky.

Ayeka sat there for a moment before her tears came.  At first she did her best 
to wipe them but before long her field jacket was stained from them.  After she 
realized Marnot would not be back anytime soon she rolled out a sleeping bag and 
fell into a troubled, unmerciful slumber.

***

Deep in her lab Washu was studying the ancient tome Kiyone and Mihoshi had 
'checked out' from the Science Academies archives.  Taped to the corner of her 
computer screen was the photo Kiyone had taken of the archives entry baring the 
name 'Washu Hakubi Memorial Archives.'  That was about the only moment of levity 
she had since this whole ordeal began.  

Washu knew that Tenchi was more than capable of completing the Odyssey and 
seeing her daughter restored.  What bothered her was the timing of his Odyssey.  
She knew all too well that the Elder would not choose a champion at this time 
unless something very bad was on the horizon.  And if it was what She thought it 
was, Tenchi was going to need all the help he could get.

Washu's pencil scratched her not pad as she flipped the ancient, yellowed page.  
Most of what she read was familiar to her and for good reason.  She had written 
or dictated the vast majority of it over twenty millennia ago.  That was a time 
she tried not to remember.  But now she had no choice but to return to that 
arcane era...


"Sister," came the dulcet voice of Tokimi.

"Yes," replied Washu returning from her deep thought.   

"We succeeded," she said he voice shaking.

"But at what cost," asked Washu as she surveyed the devastation that lay before 
her.  Half of the universe had been ravaged in the struggle, but they had 
prevailed.

"Life is persistent," commented Tokimi trying to console her sister.  "Now that 
the danger is passed they will rebuild."

"But they can not replace the lives lost."  

"True.  But they can honor their memories and sacrifice."

"We are not wholly without fault in this."  Washu turned to face her sister.  
Tokimi had fought valiantly along side her and Tsunami, and bore the scars from 
their victory.  

"You know and they are ready to hand down our judgment," sighed Tokimi.

"Is Tsunami well?" asked Washu trying to change the subject.

"She is recovering and will be fine within the week."

"Our era is over," said Washu as she returned her gaze to the broken universe 
below her.

"I fear you are right sister..."
	

Washu shook her head as she snapped out of her daydream.  They had sacrificed so 
much in hopes that this day would never arise again.  Now twenty millennia later 
it had.  She only hoped that this time the darkness could be turned back.  If 
could not, everything would be lost.

***

Marnot cursed himself for such an open display of emotion.  Dried leaves 
crunched under his heel as he wondered about the forest, but he did not hear 
them.  He was a guardian spirit, charged by the Elder to guide the champion on 
his quest.  He was not supposed to let his emotions show through as they did.  
He had killed countless numbers who had interfered with the Odyssey.  He had not 
shed a tear when countless champions had died in the course of the Odyssey.  So 
why should he feel this way now, over a person he had only glimpsed eight 
hundred years ago?

Out of rage he swung a fist wildly into a large tree next to him.  The bark 
easily gave way and let his fist sink into the hard wood beneath.  He winced in 
agony as he pulled his hand free.  He had to remember that he may be eternal, 
but he was not invincible.  Marnot cursed himself again as he tried to shake the 
pain out of his hand.  This would leave a mark most definitely.

He sighed as the morning light began to break on the nameless planet they had 
landed on.  This meant that the Odyssey would be continuing.  But most of all it 
meant he had to face Ayeka again.  Silently he returned to the campsite.  The 
fire had long died and the final wisps of smoke were rising form its last 
embers.  The champion had fully healed during his slumber and at least the 
princess was still asleep.

Marnot rekindled the fire and began to clean the small animal he had trapped 
during the night.  The champion and the princess would need all of their 
strength.  Tomorrow would be a long day indeed.

The Odyssey shall continue...

 
