"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does 
not express the views of Pioneer or AIC.


Tenchi Muyo! Odyssey
Chapter Three: Deluge by William Nichols


	A day ago Tenchi Masaki was just a normal teenaged boy living outside of 
Okayama, Japan.  Well, as normal as anybody living with six beautiful young 
ladies from outer space could be that is.  Then Baltus, Emissary of the Elder 
came and began his odyssey by taking the life of Ryoko.  This is the story of 
his Odyssey to restore Ryoko and prove his worth as Champion.


	"This place gives me the creeps," said Ayeka as she and Tenchi made their 
way into the dimly lit temple.  High stone arches and flying buttresses 
supported the towering ceilings.  The walls were once covered with frescos and 
tapestries, but all that remained were faded fabrics and chipping paint.  The 
one fresco that remained semi-intact was a large image of Tsunami standing above 
a pool.  The lower portion was chipped away and molded, but the upper half 
clearly showed the radiant smile of the Juraian goddess.  An ancient inscription 
ringed the fresco.

	"What does it say, Ayeka?" asked Tenchi who was beginning to think that he 
needed to learn ancient Juraian.  

	"It's hard to make out," replied Ayeka.  "The light is so dim in here."  
	
	"This may help," said Tenchi as he held the hilt of the master key up to 
the wall.  A tiny ball of blue light formed around the end of the hilt, washing 
the fresco in a soft light.

	"Thank you Lord Tenchi," she said reading the inscription.  Once again the 
primeval script proved difficult to decipher.  

	"It makes mention of the three essences of Tsunami," began Ayeka.  "But 
the rest of the writing is missing or unintelligible." She shook her head in 
disgust.  "I am sorry Lord Tenchi.  I am not helping you very much."

	"You are helping Ayeka," said Tenchi.  "Without you I would have no idea 
what these inscriptions say.  I can't read Juraian very well much less ancient 
Juraian," he laughed.  Ayeka smiled warmly in thanks of the compliment.  "I 
think we should go this way," added Tenchi.

	"Very well," agreed Ayeka as Tenchi-ken cast a pale blue light down the 
long corridor.

	"The three essences of Tsunami," mused Tenchi aloud.  "I wonder what that 
referred too?"

	"This is the sanctuary of the water stone," began Ayeka, "maybe it has to 
do with the states of water?"

	"Solid, liquid, and gas," surmised Tenchi.  "I just wish we knew what the 
rest of the inscription said."  Shadows played at their feet as they walked 
further into the temple.  "Tell me Ayeka," continued Tenchi.  "Before today, 
what did you know about the history of Tsunami?" 

	"Tsunami was the original space tree," began Ayeka.  "It was the origin of 
the power of Jurai and gave us the ability to colonize the exodite worlds."

	"Such as earth."

	"Yes, and countless others.  Legend told of a dark age, when heaven burned 
and Tsunami's light dimmed on Jurai for a time," added Ayeka.

	"That must have been when the trinity broke up, like Washu said," 
interjected Tenchi.

	"So it would seem," sighed Ayeka.  

	"It's getting hotter in here," said Tenchi.  Compared to home the atoll 
had been sweltering, but the further they went down into the sanctuary the more 
it became like a sauna.

	"It is," said Ayeka.  The heat was becoming unbearable, not so much from 
the temperature itself but the humidity and steam that accompanied it.

	"This must be what they meant by one of the essences," said Tenchi as he 
walked ahead of Ayeka.

	"Hold up," asked Ayeka, who was trying to catch her breathe.  The steam 
enveloped Tenchi as he kept on walking.  "Lord Tenchi?" she called into the 
mist.  As it swirled around her Ayeka became completely disoriented.  Lights 
flashed before her eyes and her equilibrium became unbalanced.   She stopped as 
a wave of nausea came over her.

	"Ayeka!" came Tenchi's frantic scream.  "Where are you?!!"  He too had 
become disoriented.  The rising steam made it impossible to tell which way up or 
down, much less which direction Ayeka's calls had come.  Tenchi snapped around 
as a rumbling shook the sanctuary.

	"Lord Tenchiiii!!" screamed Ayeka as she floor gave way beneath her.

	"Ayeka!" yelled Tenchi as he tried to run towards her scream.  In a full 
sprint he dashed forwards.  As he neared the spot where Ayeka had been his heel 
slipped on the wet marble floor.  Tenchi frantically circled his arms trying to 
keep his balance.  As he regained his footing the steam began to clear.  A cold 
wind started to gust thru the sanctuary.  The walls and floor became covered 
with condensation, making an already slick situation worse.
	
	"Ayeka?" asked Tenchi into the darkness before him.  He took out the 
master key and re-ignited the small blade he had been using as a torch.  A few 
meters in front of him was a gaping hole in the floor.  Tenchi angled the sword 
hilt so that the pale blue light was cast down the chasm.  The void extended 
farther than the light of Tenchi-ken could illuminate.

	"Oh God," muttered Tenchi.  After a moment of indecision Tenchi decided 
there was only one path to follow.  He took a step backwards and then made a 
running jump into the void.


	12: 22: 35: 19 read the chronometer in Washu's lab.  She sat patiently by 
her holo-computer waiting for the signature of the master key to reappear.  She 
had located the island Tenchi and Ayeka were on and was tempted to go there 
herself.  But she knew that would disqualify Tenchi from completing the odyssey 
and Ryoko would be lost.  The best she could do was send a care package of sorts 
and hope for the best.


	Tenchi fell for what seemed like hours to him, even though it was only a 
few seconds.  Then as suddenly as his fall began, it ended.  Not with the 
violent stop of flesh impacting stone as he expected.  He just stopped falling.

	"What the?" he uttered as he held fast in the air.  He fumbled around for 
a second in search of the master key.  To his relief it was still with him.  He 
ignited the full extent of the blade this time.  To his surprise he found that 
he was floating just inches from the ground.  He gingerly reached a foot down 
checking to see if the ground was solid.  It was.  

	"Strange," he commented as he planted both feet on the ground.  "Ayeka!" 
he called out looking for any sign of the missing princess.  The only response 
was his echo and the howl of the frigid wind. This level of the sanctuary was 
covered in ice and frost.

	'Another essence,' thought Tenchi as his breath began to hang in the air 
in front of him.  'Now I have to find Ayeka AND the water stone.  Great.'  He 
looked down one direction and then another.  'If I were Ayeka.' he thought.  
With a sigh he decided to his right.  'Please let this be right,' he begged 
mentally.  

	Each passing meter of the corridor was as non-descript as the one before 
it.  Icy floors and frost covered walls that glowed a pale blue under the light 
of the master key's blade.  After a while Tenchi was considering heading for the 
other direction when he made a discovery.  A scrap of purple fabric was half-
frozen to the ground.  Tenchi broke it free and held it up to the light.  There 
was no doubt about it: it was from Ayeka's clothes.  

	"At least this is the right direction," he commented aloud.  Tenchi 
pocketed the scrap of cloth and started back down the corridor.  Ahead lay an 
arched doorway that led to an antechamber.  Beyond the antechamber was a frozen 
courtyard.  Tenchi extinguished the master key as he marveled at the courtyard.  
It was completely lit by a glistening crystal chandelier in the shape of the 
Light Hawk tri-foil.  Ice or crystal sculptures adorned the yard along with a 
frozen fountain.  Tenchi recognized one of the statues as Tsunami and another 
bore a resemblance to an adult Washu.  A third statue was of a woman Tenchi did 
not recognize.  He figured it must be of the other goddess from the old Juraian 
trinity.  Beyond the fountain stood a crystal obelisk.

	"Great," mused Tenchi as he tried to decipher the Juraian script adorning 
its sides.  As he walked around the monument he found an iced over indentation.  
He ran a finger around it and realized it was in the same shape as the 
medallion.  He cleared it out as best he could before he realized it was frozen 
solid.   Tenchi ignited a small blade and held it to the iced over hole.  The 
ice quickly gave way to the blades heat.

	"Bingo!" he chuckled as he dissipated the blade.  'I've been around Washu 
too much,' he joked mentally.  To tell the truth he would give anything to have 
Washu by his side at the moment, along with everybody else.  Tenchi took the 
medallion off from around his neck and slid it into the notch.  He then rotated 
it until it clicked into place.  What happened next was totally unexpected.

   
	12: 13: 59 :03 was the count on Washu's computer.  The universes greatest 
scientific genius was asleep on the futon she had created for Sasami along with 
the little princess.  Her dreams were not pleasant.  Images of the distant past 
played thru her mind.

	Washu was in deep thought as she watched over the universe.  Recent events 
had caused her to be very concerned.  There were times when even a goddess did 
not know what the outcome would be.  A rift was forming in the eternal realm 
that threatened the very fabric of human existence.  

	At first she failed to hear the person speaking to her.  "Sister, I said 
that they are plotting against us," she repeated.  Washu turned to see her 
sister Tokimi standing behind her.

	"I know," she replied.

	"They are sending their champion to claim our mantels," warned Tokimi.

	"And what is Tsunami's say in this?" asked Washu.  She knew that Tokimi 
was too quick to judge at times.  Tsunami was always the calmest of the divine 
trio, and Washu respected that in her sister.

	"She is more concerned with the petty affairs of the mortals," answered 
Tokimi disdainfully.  She laid a hand on Washu's shoulder.  "I fear that our day 
has come," she confessed.  "If we do not act we will loose our place in this 
realm.  We must band together."  

	"It is because of them that we have our place in this realm," replied 
Washu.

	"Have you decided against me as well?" accused Tokimi.

	"I am undecided," answered Washu.

	"Choose well Sister," said Tokimi.  She turned and left Washu to watch 
over the cosmos once more. 

	At that moment Washu woke up in a cold sweat.  She rubbed her temples and 
looked at the computer screen.  It indicated that Tenchi and Ayeka were still 
inside the temple.  

	"Are you alright?" yawned Sasami.  
	
	"I am," said Washu, tucking the little princess back in.  "Just go back to 
sleep."

	"Okay," she said quietly.  Washu watched Sasami sleep for a moment before 
she went back to the computer.  She had to find something to keep her mind 
occupied.
	  
	"Please be well Lord Tenchi," she prayed.


	  
	With a click the medallion locked into place in the obelisk.  When it did 
the courtyard began a metamorphosis.  The frozen landscape gave way to the lush 
greens and vibrant hues of a spring garden.  The once frozen fountain melted and 
rushed forth.  Most importantly the archaic Juraian writing on the obelisk gave 
way to modern Juraian script, which Tenchi was somewhat familiar.

	"Lets see," he began as he studied the inscription.  "To gain the stone of 
water," he read, "master the essences." He scratched his head at that last part.  
"Change he who is of the essences."  "With the blade of the essences."

	"Blade of the essences?" he asked aloud.  Below the last inscription was 
the tri-foil of the Light Hawk.  "I wonder," he mused.  Tenchi held out his hand 
and formed the hilt of the Light Hawk Sword.  Its divine blade sprang to life at 
his command.

	"I hope this works," he said as he touched the blade to the obelisk.  
Instantly the courtyard returned to its frozen state.  Tenchi touched the 
obelisk once more and the courtyard became a spring garden once again.  As he 
marveled at his discovery the medallion fell out of the obelisk.   He picked it 
back up and placed it back around his neck.  Behind him an arched door led 
further into the temple.

	"Here we go," said Tenchi as he started off again.  At least he had an 
idea of what he had to do to 'master the essences'.  Now he had to find Ayeka.  
He didn't have to look far.

	"Tenchi!" squeaked Ayeka as she rounded the corner at the same time he 
did.

	"Ayeka?" he asked very confused.  "Where have you been?"

	"What do you mean?" she answered just as confused.  "After I fell you 
found me and we've been searching for the chapel."

	"The chapel?  What do you mean?  I've been looking for you the whole time 
you fell."  

	"If it wasn't you," she started.  Ayeka turned around to see who the 
person at her side had been.

	Nothing.

	"You were just here," she said.

	"How could I have been?"  

 Ayeka was now more confused than before.  A second ago Tenchi had been at her 
side, and now THAT Tenchi was gone replaced by one in front of her.  For all she 
knew the real Tenchi had been with her the whole time and this person was an 
imposter.

	"Tell me," she asked.  "Where were you when we first met?"

	"I had just fought Ryoko at my old school and she had taken me up on Ryo-
Ohki.  That's where you captured us," answered Tenchi as he scratched the back 
of his head.  "Why did you want to know that Ayeka?"

	"Just checking," she laughed.

	"I understand," said Tenchi.  "I just wish I knew what was going on around 
here."  

	"I don't know either but this is very strange," added Ayeka.  "Any way, 
have you made any progress?"  Tenchi began to relate his discovery of the frozen 
courtyard.

	"I found a courtyard with another obelisk.  From it I learned that the 
Light Hawk Sword can control the essences of Tsunami," explained Tenchi.

	"A court yard?" asked Ayeka.  "Where?"

	"Back that-a-way," thumbed Tenchi over his shoulder.  Ayeka looked back 
only to see a block wall.

	"But Lord Tenchi, there is nothing there."

	"What the?" he began.  The corridor had disappeared behind him.  "I think 
the sooner we get out of here the better."

	"Agreed.  While I was exploring with 'you' a minute ago I found a stair 
case," said Ayeka.  "It seemed to lead to another part of this temple, but we 
didn't go up it."  

	"I see," began Tenchi.  "Well let's give it a try. Lead the way princess."  
Ayeka nodded and led Tenchi to the spiral staircase she had described earlier.  
The massive stone steps ascended into the mist shrouded upper reaches of the 
temple.

	"Well," began Tenchi scratching the back of his head.  "This will either 
take us to the chapel you were talking about, or it will just lead us back to 
the upper floor."

	"It is worth a try," commented Ayeka.    Tenchi nodded in agreement.  The 
stairs were steep and covered in frost.  This only made the climb more arduous.  
About midway up the stairs leveled off to a small platform surrounded by granite 
railing.  At the four corners stood gilded statues.

	"This is Tsunami," commented Ayeka.  "And that one looks like ms. Washu," 
she added.  Tenchi walked over to the third statue.  It was the same one from 
the courtyard.  Her soft feature caught his eye.  Tenchi traced his hand down 
the curve of the statues face.

	'Why is this so familiar,' he thought.  This had to be the third Juraian 
goddess.  'What was her name?' he asked himself.  'Tokimi!' popped into his 
mind.  Her name was Tokimi Tsunami had said, goddess of change.  Deep down he 
knew that there was more to the story of the trinity splitting than Washu and 
Tsunami had revealed.  The Elder had too have played a pivotal role, but the 
question was whether if it was malicious or not.

	The Elder had selected him to be their champion, he knew that all too 
well.  What he did not and wanted to know was why.  Washu had given a reason, 
but to him it sounded somewhat vague.  Flimsy even.  Tenchi sighed.  His 
somewhat peaceful existence had been turned upside down.  Some where in the back 
of his mind came a small voice reassuring his questions.  He had trusted this 
feeling before and now he was utterly dependant on it.

	"Lord Tenchi," called Ayeka, snapping him out of trance.  "I do not 
recognize the this statue."

	"What's the matter Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.  He hadn't noticed the fourth 
statue until now but it was very peculiar.  It was darker than the others, 
almost as if it had been burned or become discolored.  The facial features had 
been obscured, either by age or by deliberate action.

	"Who could it be?" asked Tenchi.

	"I have no idea Lord Tenchi," returned Ayeka.  "It looks Juraian in style, 
but I cannot place it in any of our mythology."

	"And I can't think of any one from earth's mythology that looks like 
that," added Tenchi.  'Another mystery,' he concluded mentally.

	"I can tell you who that is a statue of," came a dulcet voice from behind 
Tenchi and Ayeka.  They spun around only to be greeted by a featureless form.  
"It belonged to someone who once thought their self higher than a god.  That's 
why I added it here.  I think it makes a lovely addition, does it not princess?"

	"Who are you?" demanded Tenchi.  

	"The princess knows me," the shadow began.  "Oh, I am sorry.  I should 
take a form she will recognize."  The shape shimmered then congealed into an 
exact copy of Tenchi.  "Now is that better princess?" it asked.

	"It was you then," accused Ayeka.  "It was you that led my around."

	"That is correct.  Allow me to introduce myself.  I was once known as the 
bringer of water, but now I am simply the Darkness."

	"Are you the keeper of the stone of water," inquired Tenchi.

	"You mean this?" it asked holding up a small sapphire.  Tenchi nodded.  
"Another champion sent by the Elder," laughed the Darkness.  "And I suppose you 
want to claim the essence of Tsunami, yada dada, blah, blah, blah.  How droll."

	"This is important!" exclaimed Tenchi.  "Ryoko's life is in danger."

	"Someone's life is ALWAYS in danger," retorted the Darkness.  "I have a 
job to do, and that is to make your life hell," it finished with a wicked grin.  
"So enough small talk.  Let us dance."  The being reached out and formed a copy 
of the Light Hawk sword.  "This should prove more than adequate," it grinned.

	Tenchi nodded.  He formed the true Light Hawk blade and took a defensive 
stance.  "Lets get this over with," said Tenchi.  He had little patience for 
people who toyed with others lives.  Maybe that is why he was a little 
distrustful of the Elder.

	With a yell Tenchi ran towards the dark doppelganger.  It parried his blow 
with all of his skill and delivered one of his own.  Tenchi tried to avoid it 
but was caught squarely in the back.  He stumbled forward and caught himself on 
the railing.

	"Tenchi!" shrieked Ayeka.  

	"No," ordered Tenchi.  "I have to do this."  Tenchi resumed his stance.

	"We need more room," said his double. At once the group was transported 
from the platform to a broad featureless plain.  A large obelisk towered in its 
center.  

	'What is it with these things!' though Tenchi.  

	"That is better," said the dark one.  With that he ran towards Tenchi 
again.  Tenchi blocked his blows and with a step back delivered a series of his 
own.  The first shot was deflected but the second sliced through the Dark 
Tenchi.

	"Nice try," it laughed as the gash reformed as if nothing was ever done to 
him.  "It shall take more than that to defeat the essences of Tsunami."

	'The essences of Tsunami!' thought Tenchi.  His mind raced back to the 
inscription in the courtyard:            

	Change he who is of the essences with the blade of the essences-but how?

The doppelganger Tenchi was gaining the upper hand.  Every move and tactic that 
Tenchi used his opposite knew how to counter it.  He flowed majestically, like 
water.

	Tenchi remembered the fountain in the courtyard.  When he touched the 
obelisk with the Light Hawk sword, the fountain had frozen and thawed instantly.

	"That's it!" he exclaimed.  

	"Ready to get serious?" asked his doppelganger playfully.

	"Always," replied Tenchi.  He began a routine designed to throw his 
opponent off balance, a little trick he picked up from Ryoko.  He bobbed from 
side to side and up to down.  His motions were short and choppy, with no 
connected patterns or reason.  The attacks were disorienting, plain and simple.  
The doppelganger tried to counter it but was unable to do so.  It was becoming 
frustrated; sloppy, and Tenchi capitalized on it.  He began to back the Darkness 
towards the obelisk.  Then he performed a move he knew the doppelganger would 
parry.  

	"That was sloppy," commented the doppelganger as Tenchi he pushed Tenchi 
past him.  "You had me going there for a minute--." He stopped mid-sentence as 
he realized what Tenchi had done.  By parrying Tenchi to the side he had 
inadvertently pushed him to the obelisk.  "Oh damn," cursed the Darkness.

	Tenchi drove the Light Hawk sword into the obelisk.  Energy crackled off 
the monument.  Instantly the plain became a frost covered wasteland.  

	"Very good," mused the Darkness as he too began to solidify.  "You 
mastered the essences and shall be rewarded," it finished, as it froze solid. 
From the icy statue the sapphire water stone floated to Tenchi.  He accepted it 
and locked it into place in the medallion.

	"You did it Tenchi!" exclaimed Ayeka as she ran towards.

	"One down," commented Tenchi.  The ring of light once again circled them 
and transported back to the temple entrance.  Tenchi pushed the door open and 
welcomed the light of day.  He could see that Marnot was still waiting for them 
on the lagoon's beach.  As he and Ayeka walked out of the temple it vanished 
back into the waterfall.  As did the ethereal way.

	"Huh?" said Tenchi as he and Ayeka fell straight down into the lagoon.  
Luckily they were not far from the shore.

	"Well done," complimented Marnot.  "But the exit was rather sloppy."

	"Can it," growled Ayeka.  She was tired, soaked, and hungry.  A guardian 
with a dry sense of humor was not something she needed at the moment.

	"Where to now?" asked Tenchi.

	"I will show you," began Marnot.  "Bur first you need to wait for a 
message."

	"A message?" asked Ayeka.  Marnot nodded.  He knew what was coming.  He 
also knew that the champion needed all the help he could get if he was going to 
complete the odyssey.


The chronometer in Washu's lab read 12:01: 33: 27 when the alarm went off.  
Washu raced back to the console and keyed in a command that brought up the 
topographical map of atoll where Tenchi and Ayeka were.

	"Bingo!" she exclaimed.  For the first time since Tenchi left Washu felt 
relieved.  This meant that he had the first stone.

	"Is it Tenchi?" asked Sasami.

	"Yep," replied Washu.  "Lets get this to him."

	"Alright!" exclaimed Sasami as she and Washu began to send to Tenchi his 
care package.


The Odyssey shall continue in: From the Good Earth.

The deluge is over and the Odyssey for the earth has begun.             
