"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic and not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! 
Odyssey
Chapter Fourteen: Cyclone by William Nichols


	Tenchi could hear Ksnis scream for what seemed like hours as he walked 
away from the chamber they had been fighting in.  As much as he wanted to kill 
him for what he put him through he could not bring himself to do it.  Maybe he 
had too much of his grandfather in him.  Leaving Ksnis as he did would give him 
something he would have to think about for the rest of his life.  Tenchi hoped 
that he would learn from the experience and return to his people better for it, 
but deep down he knew that it would take more than cutting one mans arm off to 
charge the sentiments of an entire people.
	"Ayeka! Marnot!" he called aloud.  The only response was his voice echoing 
down the corridor in front of him.

*****

	"Would it be too much of you to keep your comments to your self?" quipped 
Ayeka.  Somehow Marnot seemed to know how to push her buttons just right.
	"Who?  Me?" asked Marnot as he held a hand to his chest feigning injury.  
"I have no clue as to what you are speaking of princess." 
	"I am sure you don't!" exclaimed Ayeka as she spun around to poke a finger 
into Marnot's chest.  "Just you listen hear," she began only to have the 
guardian spirit fade from in front of her.  "Marnot?" she asked quietly.
	"You called?" he asked from behind her.
	"But you, I mean, you were," she said somewhat confused, and looking back 
to make sure that Marnot had really moved.  He smiled at her as she tried to 
figure out what had just happened.  "Oh never mind," she finally huffed in 
defeat.
	"As you wish your highness," answered Marnot as he made as sweeping bow.
	"Beast," muttered Ayeka.  Marnot just laughed to himself as they continued 
in search of the chapel.  The decorum changed from chiseled stone to polished 
alabaster as they moved down the corridor.  The slab stone roof also gave way to 
one of polished marble lined with glistening crystal skylights.
	"That's bright," said Ayeka as she clicked off her palm light.
	"I'd say," said Marnot.  Ayeka turned to him just as a pair of black-
mirrored sunglasses morphed across his face.  "You have to be prepared," he said 
with a grin.  Ayeka just shook her head and slid the palm light into her 
backpack.  "What?" asked Marnot.  "Don't I look cool?"  Ayeka giggled as the 
guardian acted like he was slicking back his hair.
	"You are incorrigible," laughed Ayeka.
	"That is one of my better traits," said Marnot.  The crystal skylights 
bathed them in pure light as they entered another great hall.  The small 
vestibule gave way to a mosaic-floored chamber.  The floor was swathed in 
vibrant reds, greens, blues and yellows.  The entirety of the floor formed a 
frieze depicting the Juraian trinity.  Centermost was the large figure of 
Tokimi, resplendent in gold and emeralds.  Her eyes sparkled as if inlaid with 
sapphire.  To her right as slightly offset was Washu.  There was no mistaking 
her dark green cloak and crimson hair.  To Tokimi's left was Tsunami, goddess of 
Jurai.  Her robe was inlaid in the whitest alabaster and her hair the most 
cerulean turquoise.  The whole of the universe was spread out at their feet.
	"Oh my," commented Ayeka as the enormity of the work sank in on her.
	"Most impressive," added Marnot as he took off his sunglasses.  They 
promptly fused back into his hand as he surveyed the mosaic.  He glanced down to 
the archaic script that circled the images.
	"And such was the resplendent glory of the Ladies Three.  Their light 
guided all that it touched, until it fell dark."  As Marnot finished those words 
the light filtering in from the skylights was eclipsed.  Ayeka gasped as the 
shadow swept across the hall, changing all it touched.  The glistening images of 
Washu and Tsunami faded from sight, leaving only iridescent silhouettes in their 
places.  The look of Tokimi became almost sinister.  The expression of joy and 
light that had been on her face changed to one of despair and darkened shadows.
	  "And so was the fall of the Ladies Three.  Left abandoned by her sisters 
one stood alone.  But her light too shall fade."  Ayeka's eyes widened as the 
mosaic of Tokimi faded from sight, leaving only the sparkle of her sapphire 
eyes, which faded as well.  "So shall it be when he who is dark descends upon 
the creations," continued Marnot.  "Only a new light amongst the darkness shall 
restore what has been."
	At that moment a shaft of light broke through the darkness and fell upon 
the mosaic.  As it enlarged the beauty that had been was restored.  The shadow 
was driven from the frieze restoring the glory that it had obscured.  Finally 
the mosaic of Tokimi reappeared as she had been before. Slowly the mosaics of 
Washu and Tsunami replaced the iridescent silhouettes that had been in their 
places.
	"And all shall be restored and the darkness vanquished," continued Marnot 
as the entire hall was bathed in light again.  "So shall it be when the new sun 
rises."  Ayeka looked around at the glory around her.  Not even the palace of 
Jurai was as splendid as what she found before her.  The columns and floors were 
now inlaid with gold and other precious metals and stones.  The fluted columns 
were swathed in gold and indigo.  But most startling of all was the appearance a 
fourth silhouette behind the Juraian trinity.
	"Does say who that is?" asked Ayeka as Marnot's eyes went wide.
	"I cannot say," he said quietly.
	"Cannot or will not?" inquired Ayeka.
	"They are one in the same," replied Marnot cryptically.  "But one day you 
shall know who it is."  Ayeka marveled at the mosaic as Marnot stepped out into 
the hall.  His iron heels echoed across the silent chamber.  "Princess," he 
began.
	"Yes?"
	"Why did you accompany the champion on this Odyssey?"  Ayeka looked up to 
Marnot, whose back was turned to her.
 "Lord Tenchi asked me to," she began, "or rather he shamed me into coming."
	"Shamed?"
	"Yes.  I told him to forget about Ryoko, and he reminded me that I had 
said that once before."
	"I see."
	"I could not abandon him in his time of need, no matter how badly I wanted 
him to forget about that she demon."
	"Do you know why Ryoko did what she did?" asked Marnot as he turned to 
face Ayeka.  "Do you?"
	"No," she replied quietly.  "And I honestly cannot say whether I would 
have done the same for her."
	"Lets go," said Marnot as his boots echoed across the hall.  "This place 
has served its purpose."  Ayeka looked up a little startled by his comment.  But 
it dawned on her what he meant.  Her heart had changed as well during this 
Odyssey.  
	"Tell me now," started Ayeka as she took her place beside Marnot.  "Do you 
do these things to make my life miserable, or are they just for your own 
enjoyment?"
	"A little of both," chuckled Marnot.  Ayeka's jaw dropped and she tried to 
form the appropriate obscenities but Marnot cut her off.  "The champion is not 
the only one on this Odyssey who will discover his inner self," he said.  
	"Marnot," said Ayeka quietly as they entered another chamber in the 
labyrinth.
	"Yes Ayeka?"
	"If there are only the two of us, how come they are three shadows on the 
wall?"  Marnot spun around and saw what Ayeka was referring to.  A third shadow 
was between his and hers.  And then a fourth appeared, and a fifth.  Soon the 
alabaster wall was darkened by a multitude of shadows.
	"That's a pisser," he commented. 

	 
*****

	07: 23: 15: 49 counted down in Washu's lab.  A little over a week remained 
until Ryoko's time ran out, but Washu had faith in Tenchi.  The recent events on 
Tyran Prime worried her though.  She knew the temple was destroyed by a temporal 
anomaly, but no one else on that hothead planet would believe her.  She had 
explained the situation to Funaho, who had helped Mihoshi and Kiyone at the 
science academy.  For some reason Washu trusted her more than Misaki.
	"Am I disturbing you miss Washu?" asked Katsuhito as he entered the lab.  
Washu had been so busy she had failed to hear the chime on the door.
	"Not at all," she said.  A cushion popped up across from hers and he sat 
down.  
	"I will have dinner ready in a little while," he said calmly as he scanned 
the data on her computer screen.
	"Lord Katsuhito," began Washu nervously. "When you undertook your Odyssey, 
did you get your sacrifice back even though did not become champion?"  Katsuhito 
took off his glasses and wiped the lenses with his shirtsleeve before while he 
pondered Washu's question.
	"Yes and no miss Washu."
	"What do you mean?"
	"Yes as in she was restored, but no as in my feelings were forever 
changed.  I could no longer stand the guilt of having willingly put her through 
such an ordeal, even though she remembered nothing of it."
	"She remembered nothing?" asked an incredulous Washu.
	"Yes my sacrifice was kept in a state similar to your daughter," he said 
with a slight tremor in his voice.  "She believed and still does that she was 
only very ill for that period of time."  Washu's eyes shot wide open as 
Katsuhito paused for a moment.  It just dawned on her who his sacrifice had 
been.
	"I am starting to understand," said Washu as she watched a tear form in 
the corner of the old mans burgundy eyes.
	"The foolishness of our youth," commented Katsuhito, " makes for the 
wisdom of old age."  Washu nodded at his very appropriate comment.
	"Let's eat," she said hopping down from her cushion.  Katsuhito nodded and 
followed her out of the lab, hoping that Tenchi was wiser than he was at that 
age.

****

"Ayeka!  Marnot!" called Tenchi as he searched.  Thankfully Ksnis' screaming had 
died down a while ago.  Tenchi was glad he did not the Tyran tongue or else he 
would have probably been even more insulted by what he was being called.
	"Where are you?" once again his own echo was all that answered him.  
"Great," he mumbled.  At least the hall was becoming better lit.  His palm light 
had been broken yet again in his fight with Ksnis.  A head of him laid a grand 
foyer dominated by a massive staircase similar to the one in the first 
sanctuary.  Golden sconces held burning torches along its incline that seemed to 
reach up to infinity.  At the head of the staircase were two statues of Tokimi, 
one flanking each side.
	Tenchi stared at her soft features for a moment.  As in the water 
sanctuary the statue was incredibly beautiful.  It was carved of marble inlaid 
with the finest ivory, ebony, and gold.  Such a work would be a centerpiece of 
any museum, let alone a stair guard in a temple in God knows where.  The 
sapphires in the statues eyes seemed to call out to Tenchi as he looked into 
them. 
	"Magnificent, is it not?" came the wispy voice from behind him.  Fearing 
the worst Tenchi spun around to face his new visitor.
	"There's no need for that," he was assured.  In front of him stood a 
figure that closely resembled the statue of Tokimi.
	"Are you?" he began pointing back to the statue as the being laughed.
	"No silly," she laughed.  "I am not Tokimi, just one of her avatars."
	"An avatar?"
	"My you mortals like to repeat things," she laughed.  "I am one of 
Tokimi's physical representatives on the mortal plain to put it succinctly.  You 
may call me Daphne, as other mythologies have." 
	"Are you the temple guardian?" asked Tenchi as the ethereal being walked 
around him.
	"No, but I know where the guardian is," she whispered into his ear.  
Tenchi looked to his side only to find Daphne to the opposite of where she had 
been.  She giggled as Tenchi looked back and forth.  "Atop the stairs is the 
chapel, there you will find the guardian of this sanctuary and the spirit of the 
air."
	"Are you showing me the way?" asked Tenchi as Daphne floated around him.
	"Oh no," she said resting her chin on his shoulder.  "I am here only to 
tell you where the chapel is.  Reaching it is up to you."  Tenchi watched her 
closely as she floated around him again.  "You're cuter than the last champion 
Baltus picked," she said giving him a quick peck on the cheek.  "Good luck young 
champion."  With that she faded away as quickly as she had come.
	"I hope Ryoko didn't see that," mused Tenchi to himself as he rubbed his 
cheek.  Anyway Daphne had revealed that the chapel was atop the stairs, and 
that's where he had to go.  

***

	Ayeka and Marnot watched as the wall was blacked out by shadows.  Quickly 
they spun around to see the horde of fluid constructs lumbering towards them.  
They would merge with one another then split apart again, making it impossible 
to surmise their true number.
	"What now?" asked Ayeka as they backed to the wall.
	"I do not see very many options," replied Marnot.  "You still have that 
sword handy?"
	"Yep," replied Ayeka as she ignited the master key.
	"Good," grinned Marnot.  He held out his hand and a large war hammer 
formed in front of him.  He gripped it both hands and brought it to the ready.  
The hammers head was carved with numerous glyphs and runes, some Juraian, some 
from languages Ayeka had never seen before.  Its striking head was carved in the 
shape of a wolf's head, with eyes inlaid in ruby.  Marnot grinned a fanged grin 
as the horde inched its way closer.
	"Shall we dance?" he asked Ayeka.
	"Let's," replied the princess as they charged the horde of shadow 
creatures.  With a shout they plunged into the horde of shadows.  Ayeka arced 
the master key around in a flash of blue light.  Three of the shadows were cut 
down only to reform again.  The eyes of Marnot's hammer glowed and trailed 
streaks of red light as he swung it around.  It smashed into a group of the 
beings, but they seemed to be able to absorb the blow.
	"This is not good," he commented as the shadows returned to their previous 
shape.
	"Any suggestions?" asked Ayeka as she tried to cut down another group of 
shadows. 
	"Just one," said Marnot as another hammered shadow returned to normal.
	"And that is?"
	"Run like hell!"  Ayeka wasted no in arguing with him. They slashed and 
hammered their way towards the other end of the hall.  Every time that they made 
some head way the gaps would just close around them.
	"We need Tenchi!" admitted Ayeka as she tried to cut another path.
	"On that I will concur," agreed Marnot.  The red circles spun across the 
room as he hurled his hammer into the shadows.  Once again no major damage was 
done the shadows.  They just methodically trudged along en masse.  


***
	"You are drawing nigh to the chapel young champion," floated the voice of 
Daphne around Tenchi.  
	"That's nice," he huffed.  The stairway seemed to continue forever.  
	"Are we tiring young champion?" the ethereal voice asked.
	"What's this 'we' stuff?" asked Tenchi.  He was the one climbing the 
stairs from hell.  
	"Will this help?" before he could say anything he found himself on a large 
featureless plain.  "This is the chapel of change," the voice floated down.
	"Where are you?" asked Tenchi as he scanned the plain.  It bore a marked 
resemblance to the astral plain, but instead if the usual swirling eddies of 
psychic energy it was just gray.  Gray as far as the eye could see.
	"Is this not to your liking?" came the voice again.  At once the plain 
swirled into the valleys surrounding the Masaki home.  Tenchi was standing at 
the cliff near the shrine over looking Funaho's lake.  Sitting against the tree 
was Ryoko, and next to her was him self.  Tenchi recognized the scene from a few 
months earlier.
	"Or would you prefer this?"  The vista swirled again and was replaced by 
the metropolitan skyline of Tokyo.  He was standing on a balcony overlooking a 
residential area.  He recognized this place; it was Haruna's flat.  
	"Tenchi dear," came her voice from the kitchen.  "Dinner will be ready in 
minute."
	"Maybe this is to your liking young champion."  The apartment faded away 
and Tenchi found himself in a place that looked familiar.  The sky was tinged 
with red from distant fires that burned out of control.  He cringed as loud 
explosion shook the area.  Then it dawned on him: this was Jurai and he was 
witnessing Ryoko's attack.  Across from him was his grandfather as a young man.
	"Demon!" he screamed at the young woman sitting on the rock across from 
him.  She just laughed maniacally as he ignited Tenchi-ken and charged her.  In 
the distance he could see Ayeka running towards her brother.
	"Yosho!" she cried.  "Take me with you!"  As Ayeka ran past him Tenchi 
found himself back on the featureless plain.
	"Maybe not," floated he voice.
	"What are you trying to do?" asked Tenchi.  "Why show me all of this?"
	"Maybe this is to you liking," boomed the voice.  The plain turned dark 
and eddies of psychic energy began to swirl around him.  Lightening cracked in 
the distance illuminating a person on her knees.  It was Ryoko, and she was in 
tears.
	"You can't touch her," came the voice as Tenchi began to move.  "This has 
already passed."  Tenchi stood solemnly and watched as Sasami made her way to 
Ryoko.  Then he saw himself arrive on the astral plain and what followed.  "But 
this is old news," came the voice again.  The astral plain was replaced once 
again by the gray plain.
	"I don't understand?" began Tenchi as he tried to ascertain where the 
voice was coming from.  "Are you Daphne?"
	"If you wish to call me that," floated the voice.  "I have been called 
many things in the past.  As an avatar of Tokimi you may call me what ever you 
wish."
	"What is the point of this?" asked Tenchi.  "Where are you?"
	"I am here," whispered Daphne into his ear.  He spun around to face her 
but she was not there.
	"Or I am here," she boomed from behind him.  By now Tenchi was thoroughly 
befuddled.
	"I am as quiet as the spring wind," she whispered again.  
	"Or as deafening as the summer storm."  Tenchi covered his ears as 
Daphne's voice echoed across the plain.  
	"I am the avatar you met earlier," she said appearing as the silver haired 
goddess before him.
	"Or the object of your hearts desire," she whispered in his ear in the 
form of Ryoko.  
	"You are the essence of the wind," said Tenchi as Daphne shifted back to 
her earlier form.  "You are as ethereal as a thought," he continued.  "And can 
change just as easily."
	"You are wise young champion," she said as she circled him.  The plain 
shifted once again, but this time it was into a great hall.  A mosaic of Tokimi, 
Washu, and Tsunami graced the floor.  Behind them was the silhouette of another, 
unknown being.
	"The essence of the wind is change," continued Daphne.  "All things 
change, the seasons, the cosmos, and most of all the heart.  Yours has changed 
significantly since you began this Odyssey.  You have confirmed what you 
believe."  Tenchi nodded as Daphne opened a vortex.  In the vortex he saw 
himself kissing Ryoko back in the astral plain.
	"This belongs to you," she said handing Tenchi the medallion.  A large 
diamond was affixed to one of the cardinal points.  "By sparing Ksnis you proved 
your worth to me.  A lesser person would have taken his life."
	"There was no need for that," said Tenchi. 
	"At times there will be," replied the guardian.  "And you will meet Ksnis 
again one day."
	"So he's alive?"
	"Yes. I sent them back to their people once their purpose had been served.  
Now you need to join your friends."  Tenchi nodded as Daphne faded from sight.

***

	"This really sucks," commented Marnot.  He and Ayeka were literally knees 
deep in the shadow creatures.  Every time they would make a path it would close 
back up on them.  Then just as they had appeared, the shadows vanished.
	"O-O-O-Okay," commented Marnot as the last creature vanished.
	"That was strange," added Ayeka.
	"Hi guys," came Tenchi's voice as he appeared in front of them.  
	"Lord Tenchi!" shrieked Ayeka at the sight of him.  He was battered, 
bruised, and basically looked like he went eighteen rounds with the worlds 
champ.
	"I'm fine," he lied.  "Lets just get out of here."
	"Agreed," said Marnot as the circle of light began to form around them.  
He had questions for the champion, but they could wait.
	"And try not to foul up the landing this time!" quipped Ayeka as they were 
transported out of the temple.
	"Complain, complain, complain," said Marnot as the circle vanished.



The Odyssey shall continue...

William Nichols             

      
