The disclaimer from the previous chapter applies to this one as well.

Tenchi Muyo!
Odyssey
Chapter Thirty:
Dark Light by William Nichols

Fear: anxiety caused by the presence of danger, evil, dread, or fright  
	It can be one of man's greatest emotions and one of his worst.
	Fear of the unknown has lead to the some of the worst atrocities man has 
committed against his fellow man.
	Fear for the safety of others has lead man to push himself in selfless 
acts of gallantry that legends are made from.
	But in its coldest, and purest form, fear paralyzes all that it grips

***

	A cold, callous laugh echoed in the still night air.
	"He is come," the Elder said, fear etched across his face.  Instantly 
everyone spun around to see the origin of the laughter.  A tall, lithe man 
emerged from the sharp shadows cast by the Shrine office.  Standing over two 
meters in height the being began his slow, methodical march towards those 
assembled.  He was clad in a black robe similar to the ones worn by Marnot and 
the Elder.  But where as the Elder's garment was trimmed in the most striking 
scarlet, the newcomer's was trimmed in the most regal of purples.  Accenting the 
purple swaths running up the garments front and cuffs of the sleeve were 
triangles of gold.  Whereas the Elder wore a loose sash, the dark beings 
midsection was girded by a piece of cloth similar to an obi, bearing a purple 
and gold harlequin pattern.  His un-hooded face bore features similar to the 
Elders, save his shoulder length black hair, which hung free, instead of being 
drawn into a knot.  Beginning in the center of his forehead and extending to his 
chin was a golden Ankh, outlined in black.  Its crossbars framed his pupilless, 
black eyes.  Four gold hoops hung from his right ear, while five gems adorned 
his left, one for each elemental spirit.    
	His blackened lips curled into an evil sneer.  "Bravo.  Bravo.  Bravo." 
Aescheron spoke as he slowly walked across the shrine yard, continuing his 
applause of one.  Assembled before him were the very beings responsible for his 
birth and fall:
	The physical incarnation of the Elder
	The accursed Megamisama
	The current incarnation of the Elder's Champion
	And various forms of the riff raff that poisoned his universe
All of these beings were responsible for the twenty long millennia he spent 
biding his time; refining his power; planning his vengeance.   And now his time 
has come.  And now theirs has drawn to an end. 
	Aescheron calmly walked forward, delighting in the looks of abject terror 
stamped onto the faces around him.  "I was nearly moved to tears by that little 
bit of pageantry," he said passing the now vacant stasis bed.  "I have always 
loved fairy tales," he added with a sarcastic chuckle.  "Too bad this one will 
not have a pleasant ending.  Oh yes, it shall be far from pleasant, I assure 
you."   Washu watched the demon tread across the shrine yard, his heel melting 
the snow as it came down each time.  Her eyes narrowed as Aescheron paused in 
front of her and her sisters.
	"I guess I should bow in the presence of such greatness," Aescheron said, 
making an overly dramatize curtsy to Washu, Tokimi, and Tsunami.  "I owe the 
three of you more than I can ever repay."
	"Don't" Washu said placing a hand onto Urd's stomach.  She had sensed the 
growing ire in the young megami and youthful impetuous was not needed right now.
	Aescheron scowled.  "Shouldn't you be running home to daddy?" he asked as 
Urd balled her fists in silent rage.    "What's that?" he asked in response of 
the nonexistent reply from the white haired goddess.  Urd bit her bottom lip and 
unclenched her fists.  Trickles of blood ran between her curled fingers where 
her nails had pierced the skin of her palm.     
::Mom?:: Ryoko whispered across her and Washu's link.
	::Yes dear,:: Washu replied.
	::We have to get everyone out of here...::
	"And you two can cut that out as well," Aescheron said as the link went 
silent.  "I cannot have the two of you conspiring behind my back now can I?"  
The look of surprise on Washu's face was priceless to him.  Denying her child of 
her mother was something he had relished doing for quite some time now.
	"Twenty thousand years of imprisonment did not change you," the Elder said 
in a calm voice.  
	"Twenty thousand years alone in the darkness beyond the universes edge," 
Aescheron spoke, his voice full of venom.  "Twenty thousand years spent dreaming 
of this day.  Oh, oh yes.  I was changed in those years." He cast is gaze back 
to the Megami.  "Twenty thousand years ago I was a child in the ways of this 
universe.  Twenty thousands years ago I did what I did out of a fervent belief 
that I was right beyond all others.  But today I stand before you a changed man.  
No longer do I wish to wipe the slate of the universe clean."
	"Then what are your intentions?" the Elder said as he stepped between 
Marnot and Baltus.
	"I thought my intentions were clear from the moment I stepped foot onto 
this trifle of a mud ball."  He sighed.  "But if they are not allow me to 
elaborate for you.  These are my intentions."  An evil sneer replaced 
Aescheron's feigned disbelief.  "To see you all in hell!" Aescheron hissed as a 
beam of psionic energy shot from his hand and pierced the Elders heart.  The 
Elder gasped for breath as his blood gurgled up his windpipe.  "You would not 
believe how good that felt!" Aescheron said, pumping his fist, delighting in his 
deed.
	"Milord!" Baltus yelled as he and Marnot tried to steady their stricken 
liege.  The Elder mouthed some incoherent syllables before his eyes rolled back 
and his chest fell for the final time.  Marnot eased the lifeless body the Elder 
to the ground and mouthed a prayer in a language long forgotten on this earth.  
Finished, Marnot closed the Elders eyes, his crimson blood staining the freshly 
fallen snow.
	"This is what I learned!" Aescheron cackled.  "The power above all powers 
is mine!"
	Tenchi had seen all that he could stand.  He had hoped beyond hope that 
this could be resolved without loss of life.  It was his nature to solve things 
peaceably if possible.  But Aescheron's actions had precluded that from being a 
plausible course of events.  The question was how to take him out without 
endangering everyone else.  "This is between you and me!" Tenchi announced 
pulling his arm free from Ryoko's grasp.  "I am the chosen Champion.  Leave the 
others out of this!"
	Aescheron looked at Tenchi with an amused grin and laughed.  "You?  The 
Elder's 'Chosen Champion'?  A spineless wimp who until a fortnight ago could not 
even tolerate the presence of his sacrifice? Oh my.  And because he has 
completed the silly little Odyssey he thinks he can oppose me?  Oh this is 
rich!" Aescheron laughed maniacally to the point of tears.  Finally he wiped the 
tears from his eye and smiled.  "I haven't had this good of a laugh in quite a 
while!"
	"We stand with the champion," Baltus said as he clutched the hilt of his 
broadsword.  Marnot wiped the fallen Elder's blood from his hands on his tunic 
and stepped up to Tenchi's side.  His wolf-headed warhammer materialized in his 
right hand.  The fire in his eyes mirrored his old friends sentiment.
	"As do I," Ayeka said, her miniature guardians filling the air around her 
with static electricity.
	"And I'll be damned if I let him get away from me again," Ryoko added, 
morphing her red and white dress into her red and black battle togs.  Tenchi 
would not stand alone in this battle, at least not in its opening.
	"Oh dear," Aescheron said bringing his thumbnail to his mouth.  "Now I am 
terrified."
	"Your arrogance is as great as ever Aescheron," Tokimi spoke, stepping 
forward from the group of Megami.  "I am to blame for your fall," she said 
flatly.   "So if you must take your vengeance, I offer my self."
	"Sister," Washu whispered but Tokimi held up a hand, silencing the megami.
	"I must do this," she said to Washu.  
	Aescheron flashed a wicked smile towards Washu and Tokimi.   "I accept 
your offer."  Tokimi watched as Aescheron raised his right hand level with his 
face.  "Now die," he said snapping his fingers.  Tokimi gasped as her body froze 
in place.
	"Tokimi!" Washu squealed as her sister's body turned to crystal.
	"Father..." Urd prayed as the look of fear was permanently etched onto 
Tokimi's face.
	"I like you this way," Aescheron said tapping the crystal statue that was 
once Tokimi.  
	"Bastard," Washu cursed.  "You bastard..."
	"I love it when people give me compliments," Aescheron smiled.  Turning 
back to Tenchi, Aescheron spoke.  "Now do see why I do not fear you boy.  I have 
the power to kill gods."  With a scream he swung his arm across and shattered 
the crystallized Tokimi.   To everyone present this seemed to happen in slow 
motion.  The tinkle of crystalline shards falling onto the flagstone yard was 
deafening in its quietness.  Sasami hid her face in Tsunami's robes as the head 
of the statue hit the ground and shattered.  
	Tenchi could barely contain his rage.  Aescheron had to be stopped, or he 
would watch every member of his family meet a similar fate.  This being made 
Kagato and KAIN seem like weaklings, and this time if he died, Tsunami could not 
bring him back.  Something had to be done, but what...
	"How dare you," Washu cried.  Her tears rolled from her cheeks and stained 
her bodice.  "How dare you!" she screamed, loosing the power that was bound 
inside of her.  A shock of red flame erupted from her body, its force sweeping 
her hair up and behind her.  With a scream Washu dashed towards Aescheron, fist 
ready for the strike.
	"Foolish little girl!" Aescheron growled as he crossed his arms in front 
of his chest to absorb Washu's blow.  
	"Bastard!" Washu screamed again, channeling all of her rage into the 
punch.  Aescheron held his ground, but barely.  
	Aescheron redoubled his efforts.  "This will not do."  He planted his feet 
and swung his arms out, dispelling Washu's attack.  Aescheron grinned as the 
Megami tumbled away from him.  Right as Washu regained her balance Aescheron 
spun on his right heel and formed his shield once again.
	"Nice try boy!" he howled as Tenchi brought the iridescent blade of 
Tenchi-ken down onto him.  "But it will take more than that!" With a single blow 
Aescheron sent Tenchi flying back into the wall of the shrine office.  A cloud 
of dust and splinters marked his resting place.
	Aescheron had no time to gloat over his latest victory.  A hail of orange 
and blue energy bolts from Ryoko and Ayeka peppered the ground around him, 
throwing up a tremendous cloud of dust.
	"Did we get him?" Ryoko asked, trying to make out any sign of life from 
the dispersing cloud.
	"I don't think so," Ayeka said as the first shimmer of Aescheron's void 
shield appeared through the pall...  
	
	All of this was not lost on Tsunami.  While she had witness one sister 
perish, and the other charge headlong into oblivion, she tried to remain calm 
and collected.  There were too many innocents here for any effective offense to 
be waged against this damnable being.  She had to get them out of here.
	"Listen," Tsunami spoke into Sasami's mind.  "We have to get the other out 
of here."  The little princess nodded as her eyes scanned the yard for father 
Nobuyuki and the others.  
	"Take them to the eternal realm," Tsunami commanded.
	Sasami closed her eyes and began to mouth the incantation to open the 
portal.  She gasped as she heard Tenchi's impact into the shrine office and the 
thuds of the energy barrages unleashed by her sister and Ryoko.  Fear told her 
to run, but if she did, the others would suffer.  So Sasami did what she had to 
do.  She continued her incantation.
	"From heaven to ocean," she intoned as the two marks on her forehead began 
to glow. "Ocean to earth.  And earth back to the heavens.  Show us the path 
engraved by the light."  Thus spoken Sasami became ethereal and faded from 
sight.
	"What the-!" Kiyone gasped as she too became ethereal.
	"I'm a ghost!" Mihoshi cried as she began to glow and faded from sight.  
Tsunami smiled as Nobuyuki and Yosho faded away as well.  "Well done," she 
complimented her other half.  For the briefest of moments Tsunami hoped that 
Ayeka and Ryoko's attack had been successful, but the shimmer of Aescheron's 
field quelled any hope of that possibility.  Hand out stretched, she formed her 
bow once more.  The art of war was one she despised, but in defense of her loved 
ones, it was a necessary evil.  With a crisp 'twang!' her silvery arrow sped 
towards the void field and pierced its backside.
	"Another world heard from," Aescheron said as he looked over his shoulder.  
Tsunami had already drawn another arrow from her quiver and pulled the bow.  "I 
dare you," Aescheron spoke with a sadistic grin.  Tsunami nodded and fired the 
bolt.  "As I said," Aescheron smiled as the arrow hung in mid-flight.  Tsunami's 
eyes widened as it rotated one hundred-eighty degree's on its vertical axis.  
"Your turn."  Tsunami barely had the time to leap aside as the bolt sped back 
towards her.

	"This is not working," Marnot said to Tenchi as he helped the champion 
free himself from the rubble of the shrine office.  "Are you alright?"
	"Only few bruises to match my pride," Tenchi groaned as he pulled a 
splinter free from his forearm.  
	"I'll take the left," Marnot said as he watched Tsunami duck for cover 
from her returned bolt.  "You go right."  Tenchi nodded.  In one bound Marnot 
was upon Aescheron.  The demon ducked just in time to avoid the arc of his 
warhammer and put up his void shield in time to absorb the guardians steel fist.  
Marnot punched for all he was worth, but he could not puncture the demons 
shield.  Realizing this Aescheron swept a foot around as Marnot vaulted out of 
its range.
	Seeing an opening Tenchi made his move.  The energy of the master key 
crackled against Aescheron's void shield as its wielder tried to force the blade 
home.
	"You have already tried this once," Aescheron scowled.  "It will fail now 
as it did then!"
	"Not if I can help it!" a voice came from behind the embattled pair.  
Aescheron turned his gaze to the newcomer just as a fist connected to his jaw.  
Staggered by the blow, his shield fluctuated long enough for Tenchi to push 
through.  
	Seeing this Aescheron grabbed the blade of Tenchi-ken.  The flesh of his 
hand began to sear from the heat of the coalesced plasma blade.  "You shall 
fall," he hissed, snapping the blade of Tenchi-ken with one hand.   
	  "Oh no," Tenchi gasped as Aescheron used the portion of Tenchi-ken that 
he held onto to swing him into the air.
	"I gotcha," Ryoko said materializing behind the tossed Tenchi.
	"Thanks," Tenchi said to his love.  
	"Didn't see that one coming," Ryoko added as they watched Aescheron turn 
to face the person that had struck him.
	"It appears that I am not the only one who has learned a few new tricks," 
Aescheron spoke to the form in front him. 
	"It will take more than that to kill me," Tokimi said as a battle-axe 
materialized in her hand.  
	"I don't even want to know how," Washu said taking her place by her 
restored sister.  "But I'm glad to have you back.   Again."
Tokimi smiled.  She had longed for the day that she could stump Washu.  "Just a 
little trick I picked up over the years.  I'll tell you later."  
	"But I'm glad to have you back.   Again."
	"Don't ever do that again," Tsunami added as she readied another bolt.
    	Aescheron rolled his eyes.  "All of these reunions turn my stomach."
	"Your fight is with us," Tokimi announced.
	"And we shall be your end," Washu seconded.
	"It is how it shall be," Tsunami finalized.
	"How melodramatic can it get?!" Aescheron whined.  "I would think that 
with such immense power the three of you could find something a little more, 
more..." He sighed, waving his hand in front of him.  "How to say: a little more 
inspiring?"  The megami looked at each other a few times and blinked.  "Enough 
talking," Aescheron said.  "If you want a fight, I am more than willing to 
oblige.  A decent opponent would be welcome," he said sarcastically in the 
direction of Tenchi and Marnot...

	"I can't reform the sword," Tenchi whispered to Ryoko as they watched 
Aescheron begin his diatribe.  
	"What do you mean?" 
	"When he snapped blade, he did something to it."  Ryoko looked at the hilt 
of the master key where a few sparks jumped from the guard before they died out.
	"What now?"
	"I'll form the Lighthawk sword," Tenchi whispered as Aescheron looked in 
his direction and made an offhand remark about his martial prowess.  "Hold 
still," Tenchi said as the demon reverted his attention to the Megami.  Ryoko 
gasped slightly as she felt her gems restored to her.  She traced a finger 
around the red ball implanted in her neck.  "You need these," Tenchi added.
	As much as she wanted to glomp Tenchi right now, she kept her emotions in 
check.  "Thank you," she said quietly.  
	"Watch," Marnot said, bringing the two back to this reality.... 

	Aescheron brought his hands up to a defensive position and began to circle 
the assembled Megami.  He knew exactly where everyone was.  Behind and to his 
right were the so-called champion, the guardian, and their paramours.  What a 
joke!  To his left the emissary guarded the fallen form of his master. Loyal to 
a fault, Aescheron thought as Baltus shot him an ominous glance.  And floating 
above and behind the Megami was the Norn.  That one could prove to be a wild 
card, but it is nothing I could not handle with ease.  He had the power to kill 
Elder and gods.  After he was finished with this bunch he would pay the Norn's 
father a visit and deal with him as well.  All must perish by my hand.
	Aescheron motioned for the Megami to begin the attack.  With a fierce cry 
the three began their offensive a new.  Tsunami and Washu vanished from the 
charging Tokimi's side.  Aescheron threw his arm up to tighten his shield as the 
other two Megami appeared at his sides.  Washu lashed out at him with her energy 
blade and Tsunami loosed a bolt aimed at his temples from point blank range.  
All the while Tokimi pressed the attack from the front.  "Impressive!" Aescheron 
said through gritted teeth as he tried to hold off the combined offensive.  "But 
not good enough!"
	A deftly placed elbow sent Washu reeling, allowing Aescheron to backhand 
Tsunami away.  Seeing her sisters' downed, Tokimi pushed even more of her 
strength into her axe.  She would be damned if she let this end like this.  "You 
are powerful indeed," Aescheron said as he attempted to deliver a roundhouse 
kick to Tokimi's head.  At the last moment she brought her battle-axe around and 
deflected the kick with its shaft.  A somersault later and she was out of 
Aescheron's range. 
	"That didn't work," Washu said holding her bruised ribs.   
	"Perhaps if I join in," Urd said lighting down beside Washu, "I'm not that 
good of a fighter, but anything to help."
	"Take this," Tokimi said as a mace materialized in front of Urd.  "It's 
not your brothers hammer, but it should do."  Urd nodded hefted the weapon.
	"I'm waiting," Aescheron said.  Without saying a word the Megami pressed 
their attack again.  Aescheron was proving to be well versed in the art of 
unarmed combat.  Skillfully he blocked Tokimi's blow and used her own momentum 
to send her tumbling.  A well place foot behind him stymied Urd's attack and 
flick of the hand deflected Tsunami's arrow.  Washu faired a little better, 
landing a series of rapid-fire strikes to Aescheron's void shield.  Red sparks 
jumped from her blade as his shield rippled under the strain.  Aescheron 
backpedaled under the fury of the attack, just the opening Urd needed.  With a 
war shout that would make her father proud she buried her mace into the back of 
Aescheron's shield.
	The fallen Elder arched his back in pain, trying to focus against both 
attackers.  "Damn you," he cursed as Urd prepared for another attack.  This time 
Aescheron threw a foot back and connected with the young goddess midsection.  
"Little girls should mind their manners," he growled.
	"Now!" Tokimi howled, sending her battle-axe flying.   Tsunami nodded in 
silent agreement and let a hail of arrows fly towards Aescheron.  The Fallen 
Ones eyes went wide as he saw the predicament he was now in.  Added to the 
Megami's onslaught was series of energy bolts from Ryoko and Ayeka.  Aescheron 
tried to maintain his void field but under the combined force of his attackers 
he could not.  With a scream his shield collapsed and the full fury of the 
attack tore through.  All remained quiet as the smoke began to clear.
	 "Keep your guard up!" Baltus shouted as the smoke passed by revealing 
scorched flagstones.
	"Very perceptive for a lapdog," boomed Aescheron's voice.  "I must say," 
he began as his form rematerialized.  "That was most impressive.  You almost 
scratched me," he said pointing to a faint mark on his cheek.  "But I cannot be 
defeated by such trifles."
	Across the yard a hum diverted Aescheron's attention.  The Champion had 
created some sort of energy sword and decided to rejoin the fray.  "Ready to 
play with the big boys son?"
	"I will not let you harm my family or anyone else," Tenchi said as the 
Lighthawk sword formed in his hand.
	Maybe he has a backbone after all.  "So that is the sword the witch has 
granted you," Aescheron said.  The three marks on Tenchi's forehead were 
glistening now in response to the power he was channeling.  "You may have 
potential after all."  Tenchi brought the Lighthawk sword to a defensive 
position as Aescheron stepped towards him.  Aescheron shook his head.  "Such 
archaic devices," he said as Tenchi tightened his grip on the sword hilt.  "But 
if you insist."   
	"What's this?" Marnot asked as a ball of black energy formed in front of 
Aescheron.  The guardian's eyes widened Aescheron gripped the plasma ball and 
squeezed it into a blade of his own.  The dark blade hummed to life, as it's 
evil master sliced the air in front of him.
	"This should suffice." Aescheron leveled his blade towards Tenchi and 
smiled.   If this whelp of a Champion is worth his salt, this should prove 
interesting.  I have waited twenty long millennia to face a real challenge.  
"Let us begin."  
	The speed at which Tenchi and Aescheron clashed was blinding.  Never 
before had the young Champion moved with such speed and skill.  His attacks were 
well timed and placed.  Aescheron's blade was a blackened blur as it sped from 
side-to-side to block Tenchi's attacks.   Aescheron's robes pin-wheeled out as 
he spun on his left heel, bringing his blade across to block Tenchi's down 
stroke.  Using his momentum to his advantage Aescheron pushed Tenchi's blade up, 
leaving his midsection open for the briefest of moments.  Seeing this Tenchi 
quickly arced his blade back down to block Aescheron's cross cut.
	"Nicely done," the dark one complimented as he and Tenchi matched 
strengths.  "The Elder chose well," he hissed as his footing slipped slightly.  
"But not well enough." With a scream Aescheron funneled his dark power into his 
blade, knocking Tenchi back.  Aescheron smiled as Tenchi landed on his feet and 
brought his sword back to the ready.
	"That shall be seen," Tenchi said, exuding calmness.  He was amazed at how 
calm he felt, even though he knew the fate of everything depended in him.  It 
had to be when the Elder's sword touched me.  That spark...
	Aescheron smiled.  This pup was proving to be fun to play with.  "Then let 
us see then."
	Tenchi nodded and the duel resumed.  In a single fluid movement Tenchi 
sprung forward, gripping the Lighthawk sword in both hands.  Using the momentum 
of his lunge to bring the sword around, Tenchi swung the weapon in a wide arc.  
Aescheron twirled his blade in anticipation and brought it forward in a graceful 
sweep.  Aescheron's blade met Tenchi's with a thunderclap.  Each time the 
swordsmen's blades met, energies were loosed upon the physical realm.  Dark and 
light sparks singed the flagstone beneath them.  
	Tenchi ducked as the dark shape of Aescheron's sword passed through the 
space his head had previously occupied.  Allowing his momentum to carry him 
Tenchi spiraled up, the Lighthawk sword leaving iridescent trails behind him.  
By the time Tenchi had reached the peak of his ascent Aescheron brought his fell 
blade down in a bolt of black lightning.  Once again their motions were a mix of 
dark and light blurs, each motion carried out so quickly that it melded into the 
next. 
	"You honor your sensei well," Aescheron complimented as he deflected 
another attack.
	"You have no honor," Tenchi retuned, parrying Aescheron's thrust.  Tenchi 
spun on his heel and swung towards Aescheron again.
	"My honor died twenty millennia ago," Aescheron growled as he pushed his 
blade against Tenchi's.
	"Then I truly pity you," Tenchi said matching the Dark Ones strength.
	Aescheron smiled.  "And that is your weakness."  As Tenchi pushed his 
collected power into the blade Aescheron somersaulted away.  His feet barely 
touched the ground before he vaulted back into the fray.  With a frightful howl 
he sliced the air where Tenchi had been the split second before.  Aescheron 
grinned as he caught sight the corona of the Lighthawk sword arcing down from 
above him.  Bending the laws of physics Aescheron overcame his forward inertia 
and pivoted midair, swinging his body horizontal to the ground.  His blade, 
angled across his body, sparked as the Lighthawk sword drove into him.  
Aescheron grimaced as Tenchi pushed his attack home, phasing from sight just as 
the white-hot blade of Jurai power ripped into the courtyard.
	Tenchi landed on his feet and rolled to his left just as Aescheron's 
pierced the flagstone where he had just been.  Tenchi kept rolling to avoid 
Aescheron's jabs till he managed to sweep a foot out and knock the Dark Elder 
off balance slightly.  It was not that successful of an attack, but it allowed 
Tenchi to scramble back to his feet.
	"Well placed," Aescheron said with a wicked grin.  He was enjoying this, 
he truly was.  This champion was well trained, and well picked.  As much as it 
pained for him to admit, the Elder had chosen wisely.  His reptilian servant 
would pay dearly for under estimating this whelp's prowess.  This Champion was 
providing more entertainment than he ever dreamed he could.  Too bad he would 
have to die, but Aescheron promised himself that he would enjoy the champions 
death.  Oh! How he would revel in his demise.  A thousand brutal and cruel ends 
floated in Aescheron's imagination, each one more sadistic and evil than the 
previous.   Each cry of agony, each plea for mercy would be savored like a fine 
wine.  He would allow the pain of each successive torture fade to the point of 
tolerance before he would inflict the next.  Death would be slow and 
excruciatingly painful.  He owed the champion at least that much.
	Tenchi parried Aescheron's next attack and launched a counter attack, 
which the demon parried likewise.  All of his years of training with his 
grandfather were paying off.  Never again would he complain when his grandfather 
pushed him to the point of collapse.  He would gladly endure whatever rigors he 
wanted him to undertake.  He had to honor those who depended on him.  He had to 
honor those who had chosen him as their champion.  Most importantly he had to 
honor his love.  She had sacrificed her life to protect her rival, all out of 
her undying love for him; a love that he was afraid to return.  But this Odyssey 
had opened his eyes.  He saw himself and the others in a new light.  Now Tenchi 
embraced that love, he drew strength from that love.  He would gladly sacrifice 
himself as she had done, to protect that love.
	Ryoko watched the onslaught before her intently.  Her heart ached with 
every move Tenchi made.  Every attack and counter attack Tenchi made felt as if 
she was the one fighting Aescheron.  She had watched Tenchi grow during this 
Odyssey from the nether world.  He did not grow in a physical sense, but in a 
spiritual sense.  When he started his quest to see her restored he was an unsure 
eighteen years old, just coming to grips with his true feelings.  But over the 
two weeks he crossed the galaxy he matured.  Each successive trial built upon 
the lessons of the one before, until he came to the final test.  Ryoko witnessed 
him facing his fears and remembered back to when the memories were fresh.  She 
had tried to comfort that distraught three-year old.  It broke her heart anew to 
see him suffer those memories again, but she was bolstered as he was at the end.  
And to hear Achika approve of her meant more than Tenchi could ever know.  And 
now her love was fighting for her love once again.  But also Ryoko knew that 
Tenchi was fighting for everyone else as well.  If she could make the sacrifice 
again to save him and the others: she would.  	         
	Tenchi leapt towards Aescheron in a single graceful bound.  The sword of 
Jurai that he wielded left a glowing, silver trail behinds its master as it 
streaked in a broad arc towards its intended target.  But the swords intended 
target was just as skilled as the person wielding it.  Aescheron darted to the 
side as Tenchi swept his blade down.  The Dark Elder's once again bent the 
natural laws and redirected his movement towards Tenchi.  Energy blade met 
energy blade time and time again.  Neither Champion nor foe showed any sign of 
slowing, much less exhaustion.  Too much weighed on this for take notice of 
fatigued muscles.  
	"They are evenly matched," Tsunami said as Tenchi parried Aescheron's next 
attack and brought his blade around to counter.
	"Aescheron is holding back though," Tokimi, replied.  Tsunami, Washu, and 
Urd blinked in disbelief at the elder Megami's proclamation.  "I know."
	"How so?" Washu asked.  
	"When he shattered my shadow, I glimpsed his true power," Tokimi whispered 
as Tenchi blocked an attack from Aescheron and began a volley of his own.  "And 
currently Tenchi cannot succeed."
	"You do not mean..." Washu gasped as the memories of twenty millennia 
returned to her.  "There has to be another way."
	"There may not be," Tsunami said looking across the embattled pair to one 
in particular across the yard.
	"I forbid it," Washu scowled. No way, no how was she going to allow that 
to happen.
	"It might be the only way," Tokimi said glumly.
	"What?" Urd asked.  "What are they talking about Washu?"
	Washu sighed.  "Something I hope that does not come to pass..."

	"Are you enjoying this boy?" Aescheron asked with a sadistic grin on his 
face.  "Because I am."
	"I will enjoy it when I see you fall," Tenchi returned.  He knew that 
Aescheron was trying to unnerve him, make him slip up.  He had to keep his 
concentration.
	Aescheron chuckled.  "I cannot fall."
	"Everything can fall."
	"You are mistaken boy."  Tenchi skidded to a stop as Aescheron forced him 
away.  "For I have already fallen."  Tenchi took a step back as he saw the fires 
of a thousand dying suns flash across Aescheron's eyes.   "You begin to see."
	"All I see is evil," Tenchi said, steeling his resolve.
	"Evil is relevant," Aescheron replied.  "All I see in you is the disdain I 
have harbored for so long."
	"Then perhaps we should be one another's end," Tenchi stated.  Aescheron 
nodded as Tenchi began one of the swordplay patterns known only by Jurai's royal 
family.  Gracefully Tenchi swept the Lighthawk sword across; then in front of 
him, ending in a ready position.  The blue glow of the blade illuminate his 
features and cast a shadow behind him.
	"I am ready when you are," Aescheron replied.

* * *

	"How long has he been like this," a mighty warrior asked of his fathers 
trusted vizier and physicians.
	"The All-father has not left the chamber for several hours now milord," 
the vizier replied.
	"What is the reasoning behind this?" the warrior inquired.
	"He repeats one word..." the physician said gravely.
	"What man?!" the warrior said hastily.  "What afflicts my father so?  What 
endangers the nine realms and my sister so?  Speak up or suffer my wrath!"
	The vizier shook his head wearily.  "He only utters 'G”tterdammerung'."
	All the color drained from the warrior's visage.  Fear etched his face as 
he echoed his father's word: "G”tterdammerung..."   

* * *

	"I am ready," Aescheron said, angling his dark blade towards Tenchi.
	"Then let us end this," Tenchi said.  With a ferocious howl Tenchi and 
Aescheron began the end...


The Odyssey shall continue...in G”tterdammerung.


Notes:  This chapter was a whirlwind to write, especially the fight.  I hoped I 
pulled it off well, and it came across as believable.  As to the word 
'G”tterdammerung', it literally means' 'twilight of the gods', which I feel, is 
an appropriate title for the next chapter.  It will not be the end of this 
story, but the end is near.  Thank you all again for following this little tale 
of mine.  I sincerely hope it has been worth the time you invested in reading 
it.  Later.
William Nichols 

