"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, and is not for profit.

Tenchi Muyo! 
Odyssey
Chapter Thirteen: Gale Force by William Nichols


	Tenchi pulled himself back to his feet as commander Ksnis eyed him in 
reviled contempt, laughing manically.  His left shoulder hurt like hell and the 
commander had done a nice job of splitting his lip wide open along with 
softening up a few ribs.  Tenchi's breaths came short jagged huffs as he tried 
to maintain his composure.  An over flow of emotion right now could cost him his 
life, and therefore Ryoko's as well.
	"I feel sorry for you," huffed Tenchi.  This statement took Ksnis aback.  
Here was a lowly Juraian feeling sorry for him, a mighty Tyran?  This was the 
most ludicrous thing he had ever heard.  
	"You? Feel sorry? For ME?" laughed commander Ksnis in contempt of Tenchi's 
incredulous statement.  This was too rich. After he finished this pittance of a 
Juraian he would have to laugh this up with his comrades.
	"Yes," panted Tenchi as he held his left side.  He spat a little blood to 
clear his mouth before he continued.  "You and your people have been blinded by 
hatred and prejudice.  Until you can over come them you will always be in 
Jurai's shadow."
	"You will die for such lies," hissed Ksnis.  "The Tyran Empire has a 
divine right to all of space.  We are superior."
	"Some one on earth claimed that about sixty years ago," began Tenchi as he 
and Ksnis circled one another.  "And all that came from that from destruction."
	"A touching anecdote," replied Ksnis feigning concern.  "But the Tyran 
Empire will last ad infinitum."
	"That's what my people thought as well," added Tenchi, as he looked Ksnis 
in the eyes.  All he found was blue-gray steel, cold and uncaring.
	"Don't lecture me," hissed Ksnis.  "I thought I was dealing with a real 
Juraian," he laughed.  "But it turns out I will only have the pleasure of 
killing a half-breed."
	"If you can," added Tenchi as he formed the Light Hawk sword in his right 
hand.  Ksnis smiled.  Maybe he would get a challenge after all.  He reached down 
to his belt and unhooked the hilt to his own sword.  A short red energy blade 
formed as he held the sword in a defensive posture, with the blade pointing down 
the length of his arm.
	"As I said," hissed Ksnis, "you will die for such lies."
	"Maybe," commented Tenchi as he began a routine that his grandfather had 
taught him.  The smooth, fluid flow of his motions stood in stark contrast to 
hard, short motions Ksnis was making.  Finally each of them had finished their 
respected routines and leveled their blades at each other.  The two warriors 
eyes met, searching the other for any sign of weakness or falter.  They found 
none.  Tenchi nodded to Ksnis and began to run towards him.  The Tyran commander 
replied with a fearsome war shout as he charged Tenchi in return.
	Tenchi managed to get his sore left shoulder to cooperate just enough to 
get is left hand on the hilt of the sword.  The distance between himself and 
Ksnis closed rapidly as they charged headlong.  Tenchi struck out first using 
the length of the Light hawk blade as an advantage.  Ksnis brought his own blade 
up and blocked Tenchi's thrust, allowing his momentum to carry him past the 
young Juraian.
	Tenchi spun on his left heel and brought his blade around in an attempt to 
catch Ksnis again.  The move would have been successful if Ksnis had stayed put 
a little longer.  To Tenchi's surprise he vaulted off a rising platform and 
flipped up to its top.  Tenchi spun around just in time to block Ksnis's blow.  
Raw energy crackled between them as Ksnis' sword met Tenchi's shield.  Ksnis 
tried to drive his blade home but Tenchi managed to hold up to him.  The young 
Juraian dropped to one knee allowing Ksnis to become off balanced.  From there 
he swept a foot around in an attempt to topple the Tyran powerhouse.  
	Ksnis saw the sweep coming and somersaulted away from Tenchi's swinging 
foot.  Once on the ground he pushed off again and jumped towards Tenchi.  Tenchi 
dashed to his right and pushed off a platform and took a swipe at the airborne 
Ksnis.  Ksnis grunted, as he had to change his momentum to block the Light Hawk 
sword.  In the same motion he used his leverage to push Tenchi away.  The two 
landed a few meters apart from each other facing in the opposite directions.  
Tenchi turned around on one heel, as did Ksnis.  For the first time a wicked 
smile began to slip onto the Tyran's face.  The half-breed was proving to be a 
worthy challenge. 
	Tenchi nodded in acknowledgment of Ksnis skill.  Underestimating the enemy 
was a fatal mistake, as he had learned from all the lumps on the head his 
grandfather had given him.  He also silently thanked his grandfather for being 
such a stern taskmaster in his trainings.  Tenchi returned Ksnis's smile as they 
began to stalk one another.  Ksnis and Tenchi passed on opposite sides of a 
rising series of platforms.  Both of them had the same idea.  Tenchi's blade met 
Ksnis' as he landed atop the platform.  Tenchi took a few swipes at Ksnis, but 
the Tyran was able to evade them all.  Almost too late Ksnis realized that 
Tenchi had pushed him back to the edge to the edge of the now descending 
platform.  As Tenchi drove the next swipe towards his chest Ksnis sidestepped 
him and delivered a blow to Tenchi's back.  
	Tenchi's own inertia along with the assist from Ksnis sent him toppling 
off the platform.  Desperately he jabbed the light hawk sword into the platform.  
The blade easily sliced the stone, but it did slow his descent.  A meter off the 
ground Tenchi pulled the blade free and landed in a defensive stance.  His 
breaths came heavily as he scanned for Ksnis.  His diligence paid off as he spun 
around and blocked Ksnis' blade as he leapt from another platform.
	"Give it up boy!" spat Ksnis.
	"Never!" replied Tenchi as he pushed all of his strength into his shield.
	"What ever you were after can't be worth your life!" hissed the Tyran as 
he tried to push his blade through Tenchi's shield.  
	"You're right," began Tenchi as he pushed Ksnis away.  Ksnis drew his 
blade up to his chest and looked at Tenchi a little perplexedly.  
	"You speak nonsense," he huffed.
	"My life is meaningless," said Tenchi as he charged toward Ksnis.  Their 
blades met again and again before Tenchi pushed himself away in a summersault.  
"But to save the one I love I would gladly die."  
Ksnis sneered at Tenchi.  "Oh boy," he laughed.  "A hopeless romantic.  I think 
I am going to vomit."  His cold laugh only fueled Tenchi's desire to see him 
brought down."  Finally Ksnis stopped laughing and returned to the fight at 
hand.  "If you wish to die, I will be more than happy to oblige you."  With a 
shout he ran back at Tenchi, blade drawn.  
	Tenchi caught his blade as Ksnis arched it from the side.  In flash the 
Tyran warrior brought his blade form side to side, but Tenchi met it with his 
every time.  Ksnis dropped his guard for a second and Tenchi capitalized on the 
moment.  He swung his blade around towards Ksnis' head.  As predicted he brought 
his blade up to deflect the blow.  This left his midsection exposed, just as 
Tenchi planned.  He dropped his left hand and drove his fist into Ksnis' gut 
with as much force as his injured shoulder would allow.
	Ksnis howled in fury as the air was forced from his lunges by Tenchi's 
blow.  This gave Tenchi a moment to deliver a major blow, but his shoulder 
refused to cooperate.  His strike was off balanced and Ksnis managed to parry 
it.  "Pathetic," laughed Ksnis as he knocked Tenchi back with the butt of his 
sword hilt.  Tenchi staggered back and regained his footing.  The pain in his 
left shoulder was nearly unbearable, but he forced himself to go on.  He buried 
the pain as far as he could and reached back up to have a two handed grip on the 
sword.  Ksnis smiled at the agony Tenchi was in.  He too was feeling the effects 
of the battle, but he knew he was in better shape than the young Juraian in 
front of him.
	"If you surrender now I promise your termination will be painless," hissed 
Ksnis.
	"Never," said Tenchi as he regained his stance.
	"Then die as all Juraian scum," yelled Ksnis charging Tenchi once again.  
Tenchi dodged hi and jumped back just as a platform began to rise.  He darted 
along its side as the others in its row began to lift.  The spaces between the 
platforms passed like a blur, but Tenchi could see the dark gray blur of Ksnis' 
fatigues pass on the other side. If this was going to work Tenchi had to time it 
well.  He slowed his pace just a hair to give Ksnis a one step lead in their 
little foot race.  The finally platform was approaching and Tenchi prayed that 
Ksnis would do what he thought he would.
	Tenchi's intuition paid off as the red blade of Ksnis's energy sword 
slashed around the front of the platform.  Tenchi pushed off the ground and 
vaulted to the top of the platform.  Quickly he pushed off and landed behind 
Ksnis, who never knew Tenchi had moved.  Tenchi brought the Light Hawk sword 
around and caught Ksnis square in the back.  The Tyran howled in pain as his 
personal shields tried to ward off the flow of pure Jurai energy flowing into 
him.  Finally he managed to get an elbow around and knocked Tenchi squarely on 
the ear.
	Ksnis's shot knocked Tenchi's equilibrium off balance for a second as he 
staggered around.  He choked back a wave of nausea as the floor began to shift 
before his eyes.  Tenchi gulped for air the visage of Ksnis blurred in front 
him.  He clutched the hilt of his sword even tighter as he tried to will his 
balance back.
	"Having problems?" inquired Ksnis feigning concern.  Tenchi did not 
dignify his insult with a response.  Instead he charged at Ksnis, but was 
unbalanced.  The laughing Tyran commander just sidestepped him.  And to add 
insult to injury he gave Tenchi a push.  Tenchi stumbled around as another wave 
of nausea swept over him.  This time he could not hold it back.  Ksnis's cold 
laughter echoed through the hall as Tenchi vomited.  Finally he managed to stop 
retching long enough to regain his composure.  Ksnis's cold, hard laughter rang 
in his ears.  Tenchi reached deep down and grabbed whatever strength he could 
muster.
	Ksnis stopped laughing as he saw the blade of the Light Hawk sword glow 
even brighter.  Tenchi funneled his desires and what remained of his Jurai power 
into the blade.  He had one thought that drove him forward.  Most people would 
be overcome by the need to survive, but he did not care.  Ksnis stood between 
him and that one thought.  And there would be hell to pay if anyone stood 
between him and that one thought.  As Tenchi leveled his blade towards Ksnis he 
drew on this newfound reserve of strength.  Ksnis nodded and brought up his 
blade.  He knew something was driving this pittance of a Juraian.  Tenchi 
inhaled calmly as he focused his rage, and that one thought that managed to push 
him forwards.  And that one thought was Ryoko. 

***

	"You had better see this miss Washu," said Sasami as she popped her head 
into the lab.
	"What is it?" inquired Washu slightly annoyed at the prospect of 
disrupting her work.  Much had to be done before Mihoshi and Kiyone returned 
from the Science Academy.
	"Just come!" exclaimed Sasami as she pulled at Washu's sleeve.
	"This had better be pretty damn good," said a very annoyed genius as she 
was dragged against her will to the living room.  Her jaw hit the floor when saw 
what was on the television.  
	"These are the first images out of Tyran Prime following the terrorist 
attack two days ago," said the news caster as the shattered shell of the Temple 
of T' K' Mai was shown on the screen.  "The Intergalactic News Network has 
acquired this footage captured by a resident of the capital city as the attack 
happened."  Everyone watched as a pillar of bright blue light burst thru the 
roof of the temple before it was engulfed in a violent explosion that knocked 
the person making the home movie on his or her butt.
	"As you can see," continued the news caster, "the attack came from the 
inside the temple, which many Tyran's regard as the most revered place in their 
empire.  The Tyran government has released these pictures taken of the alleged 
terrorists from a traffic surveillance unit a few hours before the attack."  
Everyone gasped as the blurred images of Tenchi, Ayeka, and a tall blonde man 
were flashed across the screen.
	"The Tyran government insists that the female terrorist was Princess 
Ayeka, First Crowned Princess of Jurai, whilst the identities of the other two 
have not yet been confirmed.  Queen Misaki of Jurai has commented that her 
daughter is still on vacation in the Solar Quadrant, and the Juraian government 
has denied any involvement in the incident.  The Tyran government has expelled 
all Juraian diplomats and nationals and broken off all contact with Jurai.  At 
least twenty people have been report-" Washu clicked off the TV and slumped back 
onto the couch.  The piercing maroon eyes of Katsuhito and the deep pink eyes of 
Sasami bore down upon her.
	"This complicates matters," said a stoic Katsuhito.
	"Boy does it," continued Washu.  "No one would believe that the attack was 
really a temporal anomaly."  Katsuhito nodded.  He knew that this would 
complicate the relationship between Jurai and Tyran Prime significantly.  He had 
fought in one of the last Tyran wars, and it was shortly after that Kagato sent 
Ryoko to attack Jurai trying to capitalize on its weakened state.
	"I hope Tenchi and Ayeka are alright," sighed Sasami.
	"I wouldn't worry," comforted Washu.  "I'd say they're doing just fine."

***

	"Maaaaarnoooott!" shrieked Ayeka as he leapt off the ledge of the cliff 
with her in his arms.  He spread his leathery wings and began to break their 
descent towards the ledge opposite of them.  After a few tentative flaps he 
spread them their full span and began the slow glide across the chasm.  All 
Ayeka could imagine was them falling to their deaths in the darkness below.
	"Don't squeeze," choked out Marnot as Ayeka tightened her Juraian Death 
Grip on his neck.  Ayeka eased her grip slightly as they continued to glide 
across the chasm.  She could see the first Tyran soldiers arrive at the edge off 
the precipice.  One took a knee and began to take potshots at them.
	"Can you please hurry," squeaked Ayeka as one of the orange bolts passed 
precariously close to her head.  Marnot kept his gaze on the opposite ledge and 
tried to maintain his concentration.  After what seemed like an eternity to 
Ayeka they finally landed on the opposite ledge.  Marnot flapped his wings a 
time or two work the stiffness out of them before they morphed back into him.  
The Tyran soldiers across the chasm just watched in disbelief as he repeated his 
hand gesture form the museum.  
	"That should hold them," he commented as they made it to the alcove that 
led away from the ledge, and away from the Tyran pulse rifles.  Across from them 
was a torch lit corridor leading away from the chasm.  Marnot took one of the 
torches from its sconce.  Its golden light cast elongated shadows as they 
searched.  
	"About forty- five kilograms?" asked Marnot jokingly as they proceeded 
down the corridor.
	"Closer to fifty," admitted Ayeka sheepishly.  Marnot just chuckled.
	"By the way," he began, "I really enjoyed you screaming my name like that 
princess," he finished with a wicked grin.  Ayeka nearly fell over as he 
finished his words. 
	"Beast," she muttered under her breath as they continued to search for the 
chapel.   
        
***

The blade of the Light Hawk sword glowed brighter as Tenchi tapped a newfound 
reserve of strength.  Ksnis grinned and leveled his own short sword at Tenchi 
once again.
"This will be the end of you boy," he snarled as he and Tenchi renewed their 
deadly dance.
"Possibly," commented Tenchi, never taking his eyes off Ksnis.  "But I doubt 
it."
"Confident," chuckled Ksnis.  "Good."  With that he charged Tenchi.  Their 
blades met at first on the left and then on the right as Ksnis levied a 
whirlwind of attacks at the steadfast young Juraian.  Tenchi skillfully parried 
and blocked each of his thrusts.  Finally Ksnis kicked his blade free and broke 
contact.
"Good," he said slyly.  Tenchi nodded and launched a fury of attacks against 
Ksnis.  Tenchi's Light Hawk sword hummed as its blade arced towards Ksnis' 
chest.  A crack boomed across the hall as Ksnis deflected the blow with his own 
sword.  Tenchi brought the blade around to Ksnis' other side and then back 
again.  Each time the Tyran powerhouse deflected the blows.  
Tenchi knew that Ksnis was well trained; possibly better than he had been.  But 
the greatest swordsman Jurai had ever produced had not trained Ksnis.  Tenchi 
swung his blade back towards Ksnis.  Ksnis brought his around to meet Tenchi's, 
but Tenchi used his forward momentum to vault over Ksnis.  Quickly Ksnis tried 
to over come his own inertia and managed to get his sword over his shoulder just 
as Tenchi brought the blade down.  Ksnis pushed back knocking the Light Hawk 
sword free form his and spun around slashing towards Tenchi.  The tip of his 
blade snipped the sleeve of Tenchi's field jacket as he jumped back.
As Tenchi skidded back he pushed off back towards Ksnis once again.  With a howl 
he tried to dive the light Hawk sword home, but Ksnis met the blade with his 
own.  The to pushed their blades into each others creating a massive discharge 
of energy.  Ksnis howled in fury as he tried to defeat Tenchi.  This pathetic 
little Juraian was proving to be a pain in his backside.  He looked across the 
glow of their blades into Tenchi's eyes.  He could have sworn that he saw pure 
energy crackle across them.  Ksnis gritted his teeth and pushed harder.  
He was Ksnis Tectharin, son of Randan Tectharin.  He was a Tyran, chosen of T' 
K' Mai.  He was the Captain of the Guard of the Temple of T' K' Mai, fifth in 
line to the throne of the Tyran Empire.  He was Consul to the Tyran Senate.  And 
this piece of galactic excrement was opposing him!  And what was this piece of 
excrement?  He was a lowly Juraian half-breed that wandered into his temple, and 
destroyed it.  Ksnis pulled whatever strength he had left and pushed it into his 
blade.  He had to avenge the people of the Tyran Empire.  He had to avenge his 
personal honor, some thing that the Juraian lacked.

From the astral realm Ryoko watched the clash between Ksnis and Tenchi.  All of 
her fears about his true feelings had been put rest when Sasami saved her from 
the dark abyss she was teetering on.  Now she watched Tenchi try to save her.  A 
tear slid down her cheek as she watched Ksnis knock Tenchi back. She watched 
with bated breath as Tenchi and Ksnis clashed time and time again.  Finally 
their blades locked in a titanic match of strength.  She was amazed that Tenchi 
could stand up to Ksnis way he did.  She could tell how much pain he was in.  
Every time he swung his sword Ryoko could feel the agony radiate from him.  She 
knew it better than Tenchi did.
She wanted to be by his side more than ever.  He was fighting for her, like he 
had done so many times before.  He had forsaken his own safety to fight Kagato 
to take her back.  That was when she started to believe he might have feelings 
for her.  She had always loved him.  She had fallen in love with the young boy 
playing outside his grandfather's shrine so many summers ago.  She had taken 
delight when he took her hand for the first time in a walk down from the shrine.  
But she could never get him to publicly admit his feelings.  Things changed a 
little after she had pulled him back from Haruna's dimension.  Tenchi was more 
open around her and Ayeka seemed to lighten up a bit.
But still she did not have the 'I love you' she so longed for.  Then Baltus 
showed up.  She had been watching television waiting for Tenchi to get home for 
winters break.  The dark figure had appeared before her and thrown her through 
the window before she could defend herself.  She landed in a heap at Tenchi's 
feet.  She felt warm inside as he tried to protect her from any further harm as 
Baltus made his way from the house.  Then when he announced that Tenchi had 
chosen her heart stood still.  When Baltus pointed at Ayeka, she decided to save 
the princess.  Not out of any great love for Ayeka, but for Tenchi.  If he had 
truly chosen Ayeka she wanted him to be happy.  She would not be able to live 
with herself if she stood by and did nothing.
From the astral plain she had watched as events unfolded on earth after her 
'sacrifice' as it had come to be called.  She followed Tenchi across space and 
time, until that dark moment where she had nearly been lost.  From there she 
swore that she would be by Tenchi's side always.  She watched anxiously as 
Tenchi and Ksnis tried to gain the upper hand over the other. 
"Tenchi...' she cried as her ethereal tears slipped from her face.

"You cannot win boy," hissed Ksnis as he tried to push his blade through 
Tenchi's.  Tenchi tightened his grip and redoubled his efforts to defeat Ksnis.  
He would be damned if he let Ksnis get under his skin and make him slip up.  Too 
much was on the line to give into unbridled rage.  He had to channel that rage, 
draw strength from it.
"But you have already lost," said Tenchi calmly as he matched Ksnis' strength.  
The Light Hawk blade began to glow even brighter as Tenchi forces his way 
through Ksnis's blade.  Spikes of red energy shot from the Tyran's blade as 
Tenchi tried to break through it.  Wisely Ksnis pulled back and vaulted out of 
range before Tenchi could break all the way through.
"Where do you get such strength!" he hissed as Tenchi leveled his sword at him a 
gain.  With a push Tenchi ran towards Ksnis.  Ksnis barely managed to duck and 
roll as Tenchi's blade sliced through the air where he had just been.  Ksnis 
rolled to his left but Tenchi was back on top of him.  The Light Hawk sword 
pierced the marbled floor on either side of Ksnis as Tenchi tried to dispatch 
him.  Finally Ksnis swung his legs up and caught Tenchi in the chest with his 
boots.  This bought him enough time to scramble to his feet and re-ignite his 
blade. His breaths came in ragged pants as Tenchi stared straight through him.                  
	
Ksnis knew he had to act now.  Somehow this half-breed was maintaining his 
strength or even gaining it as the fight progressed.  He charged towards Tenchi, 
blade drawn.  Tenchi took a defensive stance and prepared to receive Ksnis 
attack.  Right as Ksnis came into striking distance he vaulted over Tenchi and 
onto a rising platform behind him.  Tenchi turned and leaped as Ksnis sprang 
from the platform.


For Ryoko watching in the astral realm what happened next seemed to take place 
in slow motion.  Ksnis descended upon the rising Tenchi blade held high in the 
air.  His left arm had already formed an energy shield to deflect Tenchi's blow.  
Tenchi rose towards the howling Tyran, sword held with the blade pointing down.  
As Ksnis descended Tenchi struck first.  As predicted the Tyran pulled his 
energy shield in front of his upper mass to block the blow and set up his own 
strike.  He thought that he had succeeded until he noticed Tenchi's blade come 
down the edge of his shield.  His momentum was still carrying him down and 
Tenchi's was still carrying him up.
Ksnis howled in agony as The Light Hawk sword sliced through flesh and bone.  A 
second later his energy blade flickered out as his severed right arm skidded 
across the floor.
Tenchi's move carried him up and over Ksnis so that he landed behind him.  Ksnis 
hit the floor hard, holding his shoulder, where his right arm had been.  Luckily 
the searing heat of the Light Hawk sword cauterized the wound, so he wound bleed 
to death.  Tenchi spun around to face him as Ksnis sank to his knees.  Hatred 
burned in eyes like a thousand supernovas.
	"Finish me boy," spat Ksnis as Tenchi leveled his sword at him for the 
final time.  To his extreme surprise Tenchi dissipated the Light Hawk sword.
	"No," said Tenchi calmly.  "Live knowing that a lowly Juraian half-breed 
defeated you, the mighty Tyran."  With that Tenchi left Ksnis left kneeling in 
the hall, streaming profanities at him.  He had won, and Ksnis would have to 
live with that knowledge for all eternity.  A slight smile crept onto Tenchi's 
face as he exited the hall.  He had to find the chapel and meet back up with 
Marnot and Ayeka.  But most of all he needed some of the painkillers Ayeka had 
in the backpack Washu sent.  He knew that when this day was over he was going to 
be hurting like hell.  Till then he silently continued his Odyssey.

***

	"This has lad potential like no others," said the emerald robed Elder as 
he watched the duel.
	"Agreed," replied the one in crimson.  "I hope he can just stand up to 
what lies ahead of him."  Without further discussion the Elder returned to the 
Odyssey at hand.

The Odyssey shall continue in Cyclone.

I honestly hope that was the best fight you have ever read in a fanfic.  I thank 
every one again for all of the kind words they are sincerely appreciated.  As 
always leave a comment in the review box to let me know what you liked and what 
you didn't.  Thanks again.  Later.
William Nichols.
 
