AUTHORS NOTES:

Seems like nothing these days is the work of only one man or woman and this
labor of love is no exception.  Tenchi and all his exploits are created and
owned by AIM and brought to these United States by Pioneer LDC.   Many
thanks are owed by me to Lisa, Joey, Paul, Steve and Louis for reading this
and offering opinion, both good and bad.

I suppose this is as good a place as any to say; I do not own or create the
characters depicted in this story.  They are owned completely by Pioneer LDC
and their partners overseas.  I did not have permission to play in their
back yard, but I hope I've taken good care of the equipment.  This new
universe that I've created is open for others to explore in writing, should
that muse strike, I only ask that those stories be headed with "A Tenchi
Muyo! Fusion Adventure" to distinguish it as taking place in my demented
creation.  And, I'd like to get first read.

Comments are always welcome at Brannickthebard@yahoo.com.  Unlike some
others, I don't threaten bodily harm to flamers, but I do respectfully
request that criticism be constructive.

Here is my story.  I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing
it.

OF CABBITS AND KINGS
A TENCHI MUYO! FUSION ADVENTURE

PROLOGE:
Alpha
        "Mihoshi!  Mihoshi!  Hurry up!"
        "I'm coming!  Please wait!"  The Galaxy Police Officer redoubled her
efforts to arrive on time.  Everyone was waiting, clustered around the front
porch of the Masaki home, to take a memorial picture.  Princess Ayeka and
Sasami were required back on Jurai for an important ceremony, but would be
back in a week or so.   Grandfather Yosho had insisted on the photograph,
being the sentimental type.
        Breathless, Mihoshi arrived and flopped down next to Kiyone.  "I'm
ready!"
        "Ok everyone, gather round and say cheese!" called Nobouki, Tenchi's
father, from behind the camera.  He adjusted the focus so as to watch the
shoving match that Princess Ayeka and Ryoko were getting into.  Nobouki
sighed.
        "Move it, your Lowness!  This is my spot!"  Ryoko's glare was
matched by the Princess.  Ayeka jumped to her feet and clinched her fists.
        "Ryoko, just because I'm having to leave for a week doesn't give you
any license for liberties with Lord Tenchi's honor!  If you so much as lay a
finger on him..."
        "You'll what?" demanded the space pirate, slipping her arm around
Tenchi and pulling him into a somewhat unwilling hug.  The Princess' growl
of anger was interrupted by a groan from Tenchi who doubled over in agony.
Forgetting they're own fight, both turned to Tenchi.  "Tenchi, are you all
right?" asked Ryoko, her voice unusually soft with concern.
        "Lord Tenchi?" asked Ayeka.
        Gasping, Tenchi managed, "No...too many...can't...!"
        "Son?!" yelled Nobouki, but before he could move, a brilliant ball
of light expanded from Tenchi's abdomen and quickly engulfed him.  An
impossibly bright explosion followed before consciousness slipped from
Nobouki.
                        *                       *                       *

        "No!  It cannot be!" shouted Washu, her hands flying over her
ethereal keyboard in desperation.   Some of her equipment exploded, a shard
striking her temple, sending her unconscious.

                        *                       *                       *

CHAPTER ONE:
No Need For Chapter Subtitles

Delta
        It was a quite evening at the Masaki Shrine.  Katsuhito Masaki,
shrine master, was sweeping leaves, quietly contemplating the late fall
dusk.  He knew his grandson, Tenchi, would be arriving home from school
shortly.  He already had a busy list of chores for Tenchi, in addition to
his sword training.  Still, he couldn't take his mind off the nagging sense
of dread at the periphery of his senses.  This shrine had been Katsuhito's
home for several decades, almost enough for him to forget...
        "Dad?"
        The sound of Nobouki's voice pulled the old man from his
reflections.    Katsuhito turned and smiled at his son in law.  "Good
evening.  How was your day at work?"  Nobouki sighed, set his brief case and
several document rolls down then stretched.
         "It seems like that commute is getting longer every day!"  Nobouki
looked around the shrine, then back at his father in law.  "Say, Dad,
where's Tenchi?"
        "He hasn't come up for his training yet.  Did you go by your house
before coming up here?"  Nobouki shook his head.
        "No, I had some questions for him, so I came right here."
        Katsuhito frowned and contemplated the stones before his feet.
"It's not like Tenchi to disregard his duties.  Perhaps the bus is late...?"
Nobouki laughed and scratched his head.
        "That must be it.  Oh, I finished the design work for the new
Juraian cruiser.  Did their representative arrive today for them?" Nobouki
asked, holding up one of the rolls of parchment he had set on the Shrine
floor.  Katsuhito shook his head.
        "No, but that's not uncommon considering how far they must come."
Katsuhito took the roll and began walking towards the main building.  "I'll
just put these in a safe place until they arrive."  The priest stopped and
turned back to his son in law.  "Won't you join me for some tea?"  Nobouki's
grin widened as he quickly gathered his things.
        "Sure!"
                        *                       *                       *

        Tenchi knelt before the gravestone, hands clasped in prayer.  The
scent of the incense mixed with the flowers he had brought, but neither
could still the anger or the deep sense of loss he felt in his chest.   On
the edge of his awareness, the beauty of the fall evening went unnoticed as
he irritably brushed leaves from the stone as they fell on it.  Tenchi
sighed, the fragrances stinging his nose.  "It's a beautiful day, today,
Mother.  I hope you can see it.  You always liked the fall.  The colors of
the trees..." Emotion cut off Tenchi's voice.
        In his mind, Tenchi saw himself a year earlier.  The details of it
burned forever in his mind, he had been late coming home.  At the time, the
minor detour to the local market with friends had seemed so important.  He
saw his father, stony faced and crying openly, tell him of his mother's
death.  Grandfather Katsuhito even more reserved than normal supplying
details of a mugging and two criminals who would trouble no one else again.
But that vengeance was one victim too late for a young boy just entering
high school.  The young boy in Tenchi's mind's eye ran from the news that
forever had changed his life, tears streaming from his eyes.

        "Excuse me?"
        It was a woman's voice that brought Tenchi from the nightmare that
haunted him asleep or awake.  He rose from his Mother's grave and turned.
Tenchi blinked in astonishment.  The woman before him was more beautiful
than any he could remember seeing.  Her hair was silver, cascading from her
head but held off her shoulders by some power he knew not.  She was dressed
in a white jacket and robe that fully complimented her ample figure.  Red
hose and heeled boots completed her ensemble, but Tenchi could stare only
into her large amber eyes.  Eyes that expressed sympathy and concern.  "I'm
terribly sorry.  I didn't mean to..." The woman bowed and turned to leave.
        Tenchi felt himself blush.  "Wait!" he blurted out.  The stranger
stopped and turned back.  "You...uh...look a little lost," he managed.  "Can
I help you?"
        The woman smiled.  "Do you work here?"  Tenchi looked over her
shoulder at the shrine just below where they were standing.  Figuring she
had come to pay her respects, he shrugged.
        "I help my Grandfather from time to time, after school.  Did you get
lost?"
        "Sort of.  My ship is badly damaged and needs repair.  Can you help
me?"  Tenchi stepped forward subconsciously, not quite sure what the woman
meant.  They were no where near the ocean...  The stranger laughed a very
musical laugh.  "I'm sorry, my name is Ryoko."  She extended her hand.
Tenchi took it and was later very embarrassed by the jolt of electricity
that raced between them.  He felt himself blush again.
        Finally finding his voice, he managed, "I'm Tenchi.  Tenchi Masaki."
        "Tenchi," Ryoko repeated, smiling.   Tenchi felt he would like the
strangely beautiful lady to say his name often.  They started back down the
steps towards the shrine.

                        *                       *                       *

        High up in space, two old adversaries met.  The hiding place of one
discovered by the other.  There was a brief exchange of gunfire, followed by
desperate gamble of impossible odds.   So closely the ships game together,
the first cried in triumph, thinking her get away complete, but the second
was not to be lost so easily.  Intending only acquire a better angle on the
first, the second vessel turned, just a fraction of an inch too far.
Triumph quickly became terror and the two ships collided to begin their long
fall together...

                        *                       *                       *

        The two ladies were nearing the end of their long trek up the stairs
to the Masaki Shrine.  They were both the image of propriety, their kimonos
accentuating their movements with soft rustles.  Both had their heads
lowered, as was proper, but the younger of the two frequently stole her eyes
about to take in the beauty of the fall wilderness.  The older sister
stopped and turned to her.  "Sasami!  Mind your manners!  We didn't come all
this way on Fathers behalf just to be an embarrassment to him now!  What
would mother say?"  Sasami bowed her young head.
        "I'm sorry, Ayeka, but it's just so beautiful here!  Can't we look a
little?"  Ayeka raised the sleeve of her kimono to hide her smile of
understanding.  She turned and began the climb to the last part of the
shrine.
        "Once we have paid our respects for General Yosho, I'm quite sure
he'll want to give us a tour of his beautiful home..."
        Sasami's eyes lit up with excitement.   "Really?!  Hurray!!!"  Ayeka
could not contain a small giggle of Sasami's infectious enthusiasm.   She
waited for her younger sister to return to a semblance of propriety, then
continued the last few steps towards the gate of the shrine.
        The first person Ayeka saw was a dark-haired woman dressed in a
simple nun's habit, absently sweeping leaves from the stone yard.   She
noticed the two's approach and bowed in greeting.  "Hello, I'm Sister
Kiyone, how are you?"  Ayeka returned her bow, racking her brain for the
list of personnel assigned to General Yosho.  The refueling station in orbit
around the planet Jupiter had to keep a low profile to protect Earth's
neutrality.  She didn't look like she came from Jurai.
        "Good evening, Sister.  I have come to pay my respects to General
Yosho.  Is he here?"  Comprehension dawned on the face of the supposed
Shinto Nun.
        "You must be Princess Ayeka," the nun asked, bowing again.  "I am
Galaxy Police Undercover Officer Kiyone.  Welcome to the Earth Sector
Refueling Station Administration Facility."
        "The Galaxy Police?  Wow, are you going to arrest General Yosho?"
demanded Sasami before Ayeka could stop her.  Ayeka blushed with
embarrassment and dropped her eyes.  For her part, Officer Kiyone smiled and
shook her head.
        "No!  I work with General Yosho assigned by headquarters of the
Galaxy Police to see to his security.  He's taking tea with the shipwright
Nobouki inside.  Why don't you join them?"  She turned and led the way to
the living area of the shrine for the shrine master.  Rapping softly on a
screen door, she slid it open.  "General?  Princess Ayeka is here."
        Katsuhito looked up from his tea and smiled.  "Ah, I've been
expecting you.  Nobouki, put some more tea on.  Princess, won't you join us?
Eh?"
        Ayeka looked up to thank the general for his kind offer but she
noticed that he was staring past her at the sky back towards the stair.
Turning, Ayeka was horrified at the sight of the two ships, locked together
in what was almost certain death heading towards the pond at the base of the
stairs.  "Ryo-oh!" she screamed.

                        *                       *                       *

        As the two continued to walk down the stairs towards the Shrine,
Ryoko could barely contain herself at being this close to Tenchi, to be at
last able to touch him physically.  Through out the long years of watching
him grow up while confined in the cave she had wanted desperately to share a
moment with Tenchi like this one.  She looked over at him and caught him
staring.  He quickly turned away, gulping.  Ryoko felt a blush color her
cheeks.  Struggling for something to say, Ryoko commented, "Your mother?"
Indicating the grave now lost from vision behind them.
        "Huh?  Oh, yes," stammered Tenchi, his eyes down fallen.  "She was
killed a year ago by some thieves," he said in a small voice.  Ryoko placed
a hand on his shoulder.
        "She was a very wonderful lady."  Tenchi looked up, startled.
        "You knew her?"
        Ryoko looked up at the sky.  "In a way.  We never talked, but I
could tell just by looking at her that she was very special.  You and your
father must miss her very much."  Tenchi smiled hesitantly.
        "Yes.  It's hard knowing that she was a victim of a random crime."
        "Those criminals paid," said Ryoko, one fist clinched, her voice
hard and cold for the first time.  Ryoko remembered very well the young boy
sobbing at the entrance to her prison.  She remembered the anger and loss
that filled her, finally giving her the strength to break free to seek
vengeance for her beloved Tenchi.  Even Yosho had put aside their past
differences to hunt the murderers of his daughter.  Afterwards, they had
gone their separate ways, Ryoko had promised never to return.  But her love
of Tenchi was too powerful.  "What?" she gasped.
        A bright speck had appeared in the sky and was bearing down quickly
on the Masaki Home.  Tenchi followed her gaze skyward and was startled.
"What the heck is that?" he demanded.
        "Ryo-Ohki!" shouted Ryoko, in despair and frustration.  In her mind,
Ryo-Ohki screamed in pain at the long decent towards Lake Masaki.  "Damn!"
        "What's going on?" demanded Tenchi.
        "No time!" snapped back the Space Pirate.  "Come on!"  Ryoko grabbed
Tenchi's arm and a split second later was air borne, racing to the defense
of her ship.
        Tenchi screamed in fear at their sudden flight.  "Who the heck are
you?" he shouted to be heard over the wind.  Ryoko laughed and tried to get
to her ship before the crash.

                        *                       *                       *

        Galaxy Police Undercover Officer Mihoshi, disguised as a Shinto Nun
was absently sweeping the front porch of the Masaki Home in the late autumn
evening, humming softly to herself.  Yes, it was a perfect end to a perfect
day.  Nothing could possibly spoil it, she thought to herself.  Just then
she became aware of a high pitched whine.  She looked around, but saw
nothing.  Mihoshi stepped off the porch; yes the whine was louder out
here...
        An almost feline yowl brought her eyes up just in time to see a
Jurai battle cruiser, which was apparently stuck to another vessel she
didn't recognize on sight.  Both were falling right towards her at a very
high rate of speed.  The two of them fell into the pond before the house,
raising a huge tidal wave, which was bearing down on her.  Mihoshi screamed
to be rewarded with a mouth full of water that slammed her back into the
house.  As she slid into a lump by the front door she mumbled, "That
hurts..."

                        *                       *                       *

        "Ryo-Oh!" screamed Ayeka, picking up her kimono and running for the
stairs.  Behind her she was aware of the startled yells of General Yosho and
the shipwright Nobouki as they too leapt up and began to run.  None of that
mattered to Ayeka, all that was important now was to get down those steps
and save her ship.
        "No!" she screamed as she saw both vessels hit the pond, sending up
a huge wave, then voluminous clouds of black smoke.  "Ryo-Oh!  Can you hear
me?!" she yelled, gasping for air that fueled her desperate race.    Finally
she arrived at the bottom of the stair, now to just get around the corner of
the house...
        No!  It couldn't be!  She was destroyed, but there she stood, just
turning to face the Princess.  "YOU!" Ayeka shouted, trying to skid to a
halt.  Unfortunately for the Princess, the ground had become muddy due to
the crash of the starships into the lake.  She slipped and fell face first
into large puddle of mud.

                        *                       *                       *

        Tenchi's mind reeled from his sudden flight into the evening skies
over his home.  So Ryoko's sudden ability to teleport did not surprise him
as much as seeing it alone might have.  All he knew was one moment he was
several hundred feet above his home, the next he was landing just by the
lake.  Ryoko released his hand and waded a few feet into the now calm pond,
disturbed only by the thick black smoke that was boiling from the wreckage
of something that had once been airborne.  "Ryo-Ohki!" she gasped, sinking
to her knees in the water.  To Tenchi's amazement, the woman began to weep.
        "Uh, hey, it'll be alright," he stammered.
        A soft groan from Sister Mihoshi brought Tenchi running to her aid.
She was in a less than ceremonious lump by the front door, soaking wet.
"Sister Mihoshi, are you all right?" he asked.  Before the nun could answer,
another woman's voice interrupted.
        "YOU!" came the angry voice, preceded by the wet plop as she fell
face first into a puddle of mud.  Ryoko spun, hands glowing with unknown
energy fueled by her sudden anger.
        But, as suddenly as it came, the anger left and Ryoko began to laugh
hysterically at the other woman.
        The other woman was not amused.   She leapt to her feet and clinched
her fists.  "I thought I'd seen the last of you, but weither you're defeated
in space or right here, you will be defeated!"
        "Lighten up your Lowness!" growled Ryoko, "it was YOUR unprovoked
attack that started this!"
        "Unprovoked?!" demanded the other woman.  "Why you, YOU CRIMINAL!
I'll see you hang!"  Tenchi was very confused and yet, there was something
very familiar about this.  No time to put his finger on it now, of course,
these two looked like they were about to come to blows.
        "Ok, Ayeka, if that's how you want it, we'll just settle this right
NOW!"  Suddenly, there was a sword-like beam of energy coming out of Ryoko's
hand.  She leapt and it was clear what she intended to do.  Tenchi leapt
without thinking between the two.
        "Miss Ryoko, stop!" he shouted, flinging his arms wide to protect
the stranger.  "There's no need for this!"
        "Get out of the way, Tenchi!  She's gonna pay for destroying my
ship!"  Despite the harsh words, Ryoko did land before Tenchi.
        "So, Ryoko," went on Ayeka, "another one of your conspirators?  Then
you can die together!"   Ayeka gestured, energy leaping from her hand,
straight at Tenchi's back.  Before Ryoko could even extend her force field
around him, the beams parted as if by their own accord a foot or so behind
him.
        "Huh?" asked both Ayeka and Ryoko in unison.
        The power sword faded from Ryoko's grip.  "That's right, the power
of Jurai cannot be turned against another member of the Juraian Nobility,"
said a strange voice.  Ryoko and Ayeka turned to face the man dressed in a
white and gray Gi.
        "Yosho," breathed Ryoko.  The old man nodded then turned to Ayeka.
        "Princess Ayeka, I'm terribly sorry for what has happened.  Please
allow Officer Mihoshi to take you inside and get you some fresh clothes."
As the Galaxy Policewoman lead the Princess inside, Yosho turned back to
Ryoko.  "You gave me your word you would not return."
        Ryoko looked at her toes.  Yosho sighed.  "Don't bother to explain,
I know why you're here."  Ryoko's eyes implored with Yosho's.    For a
moment, his expression didn't change then the briefest of smiles and
slightest of nods broke the stony mold.  "I suppose we should offer you a
place to stay, as it will be some time before your ship can be repaired."
        Ryoko bowed deeply.  "Thank you very much, sir."
        "Grandpa?" asked Tenchi, even more confused than when this whole
adventure began.  Yosho smiled at his grandson.
        "Come, Tenchi, we have a good bit to discuss.  Besides, I'm hungry!"
        "Can I cook you something, General?" called Sasami with unbridled
enthusiasm.  "I really am a good cook!"  Yosho's grin broadened.
        "I'm sure you are!  I've been looking forward to some good home
cooking!"
        Tenchi followed the others inside, absolutely positive this would be
a meal he would never forget.

                        *                       *                       *

        In the absolute blackness that the known universe had collapsed
into, there was no light what so ever.  Every star and planet destroyed only
blackness remained.  But, had there been a star, or someone to use that
light to see with, they would have been amazed to see a very ordinary wooden
door rounded on one end, floating in this void.  And in the middle of that
door, unobserved, lay a circular window in the upper third.
        And as if all this were not strange enough, a light began to glow
behind that window in the door in the sea of nothingness.

                        *                       *                       *

Chapter Two:
The Carnival Begins Anew

Alpha

        Washu pulled herself up to a kneeing position on her floating seat
cushion, then finally standing.  Her lab was a wreck, but at least was
intact.  She pushed her hand through her hair to straighten it, to find it
coming back in blood.  She conjured up a rag and pressed it to her forehead.
"What was that?" she demanded, calling up her keyboard and tapping for a few
moments.  "How is this possible?  The entire universe has been destroyed!
Wait, what's this?"
        Washu studied her readings for a moment, then made a risky decision.
For several moments, she tapped rapidly on her ethereal keyboard, then
paused before pressing a final key.   She got up from the keyboard and
called up the portal that at one time lead the main hall of the Masaki
estate.  She looked out the window at the nothingness that existed beyond
it.  A tear rolling down her cheek she returned to the keyboard and pressed
the button.

                        *                       *                       *

Beta

        The entity was conscious of only one thing; pain.  Even though it's
corporeal body was destroyed, it clung tenaciously to life.  And that
clinging hurt.  Still it was not totally without sensation, and it felt more
than saw the wave of energy moving through space and time, destroying all in
it's path.  The entity was able to put up a feeble shield that protected it
long enough to take stock of the new situation.  The entire universe was
changing and the entity had no idea why.  Still, anything with that much
power could be useful to the one desire left to the entity; revenge.

                        *                       *                       *

Delta

        The meal was tense at best.  Tenchi had to admit that Sasami was an
excellent cook, but there was a pit in his stomach that refused to want to
eat.  Ryoko didn't seem to be affected by that, though; she was greedily
downing rice at a pace nearly equal with Nobouki.  It was Ayeka who was not
touching her food.  Now clean, if a tad damp, she sat and stared coldly at
her adversary Ryoko across the table.  Clearing his throat with courage
Tenchi didn't know his father possessed Nobouki opened a conversation.
"Well, it's not often we get visitors around here, now we've got quite a
crowd, eh?"
        Ayeka's hard face softened.  She turned and bowed to the
starshipwright.  "Thank you very much for the hospitality you've shown us.
When will we be able to get a message to Jurai?"
        Katsuhito took a drink from his tea and sighed.   "That will a bit
of a problem, your Highness.  Our deep space transmitter was hidden in the
lake out side.  Doubtless it was either destroyed or heavily damaged by the
crash."
        Ayeka's face went white.  "What?" she demanded.
        Ryoko started to chuckle.  "Well, it look's like we're going to be
graced by her Highness for some time, won't we, Tenchi?"  She looped an arm
through Tenchi's elbow and pulled him close.  Ayeka was furious.
        "Now see here, you!  Leave him alone!"  Ryoko scowled and looked up.
        "What's it to you, Ayeka?  You don't even know Tenchi!"  Ayeka was
about to fire back a hot reply then stopped.
        "You're right, it shouldn't matter to me, but..." Ayeka clinched her
fists.  "Never mind why I care, you devil!  Unhand Lord Tenchi!"
        Ryoko leapt to her feet and summoned her energy sword.  "Alright,
I've had about enough of this!  First you destroy my ship, now you want to
put the moves on Tenchi!  Let's see if you can back up your threats, you
little brat!"
        "RYOKO!" snapped Katsuhito.  The Space Pirate jumped as if stung.
Katsuhito slowly got to his feet.  "You are both guests in my family's
house.  Whatever your past differences I will thank you to remember this
fact and act accordingly."  The sword of energy disappeared from Ryoko's
fist.  Her shoulders slumped and she bowed her head.
        "I'm very sorry, sir."  A trace of defiance crept back into her
demeanor as she looked back at Ayeka.  "However, if the Princess would like
to step out side..."
        Ayeka turned her head in disgust.  "I would not!  I have much better
things to do with my time than brawl with criminal low life like you!"
Ryoko merely grinned and shrugged.
        "Anytime, Ayeka, just keep your hands off Tenchi!"  The glaring
returned for a moment, until Katsuhito cleared his throat, then both
combatants sat down and returned to eating.
        While doing her best to maintain her calm exterior, Ayeka's mind
raced.  Why does it bother me to see Ryoko and Tenchi? She wondered.  Its
not as if there is any feeling involved.  Still, General Yosho did say that
Lord Tenchi was a member of the Jurai Nobility, probably his grandson.  That
would make us related, but why should I care whom he sullies himself by
spending time with?
        Ayeka drank her tea and contented herself with her thoughts.  It
bothered her she could not identify why young Tenchi affected her so.  And
why was this crazy situation so familiar?
                        *                       *                       *

Epsilon

        The demon roared its defiance as Magic Girl Pretty Sammy prepared to
deal the final blow with her magic wand.  She never even saw the energy wave
that wiped her and her entire universe from existence.
                        *                       *                       *

Alpha

        Washu carefully analyzed the data from her experiment.  Yes, the
conclusions did appear to be absolutely correct.  Her gamble had paid off.
By stabilizing the strongest of the congruent universes she had managed to
buy what she hoped was enough time.  Even though that stabilization had
meant the destruction of all the other, smaller universes, that was a small
price to pay.  Why hadn't she seen this coming?  It was so obvious that this
would happen at some point.  "There's no time for self recriminations now,"
she told herself.
"Now, all I have to do is insert myself into this new universe with out
becoming a permanent part of its fixed temporal energy."  She tapped a new
sequence into her ethereal keyboard and a small earring appeared hovering in
the air before her.  Determined that this was her only chance, she took the
ring and put in on her ear.  With a final press of a button on the keyboard,
her consciousness exploded into a white light to be replaced, she hoped,
with the salvation of the multiverse.
                        *                       *                       *

Delta

        In a darkened alley, a lump of matter appeared.  The excess energy
of it's portal was discharged as static electricity that played around fire
escapes and ash cans.   The display awaked a homeless man from a drunken
stupor that staggered about the alley to determine what had awakened him
from his sake-induced bliss.
        He never would know what hit him.
        As the unfortunate mans' screams died another form took shape in the
alley; the shape of a tall man whose eyes were obscured by a pair of
spectacles on his nose.  Then, as suddenly as the man appeared, he vanished.
                        *                       *                       *

        "Tenchi?  Tenchi!" Nobouki's voice called from down stairs, cutting
through Tenchi's sleep.  "Time for school!"  Resisting it, Tenchi slowly
came awake, dimly aware his hand was holding something soft.
        He flexed his hand, trying to get the early morning weakness out of
it.  Yes, there was something there and it didn't feel like one of his
pillows...  Tenchi opened his eyes and froze with astonishment.  His hand
had a firm hold of Ryoko's left breast, slowly rising and falling with her
breathing.  He tried to remove his hand, but his astonishment made his hand
rebellious.  It refused to cooperate.
        As if things were not bad enough, it was at that moment that Ryoko
stirred and woke.  She took in their predicament and smiled.  "Good morning,
tiger.  Aren't we up early today?"  Tenchi felt himself be groped under the
covers and that proved enough for him to leap from the bed.
        "Hey, what are you doing here?!" he demanded.
        Ryoko's smile became even coyer.  "Enjoying the view," she purred.
Tenchi looked down and realized the only thing between his body and Ryoko's
eyes was air.  He felt his entire body blush and turned as quickly as he
could.   "Oh, don't be that way, Tenchi," Ryoko called.  "We've got some
time before you have to leave..." Tenchi felt a trickle of blood escape his
nose.
        "Do you mind, Miss Ryoko?  I've got to get ready for school!"
        "I don't mind..." came her voice, followed by the soft pop that
always followed her teleportation.  Tenchi sighed and turned, seeing his bed
empty.  He slumped his shoulders.
        "Great move, Genius," he told himself.  "Months of looking to get
into that situation and when it finally happens you tell a beautiful girl to
get lost."  Tenchi sighed again.  "Oh, well, I'd better get ready for
school."  He turned and was going to the closet to get a clean uniform but
was impeded by the firm softness of Ryoko's bosom his face was now firmly
planted against.  Ryoko squealed with delight and embraced him strongly.
        "Oh, Tenchi, you do care!" she cried.  Tenchi panicked.  He flailed
about and finally broke free, blood now streaming from both nostrils.
Ryoko, brazenly proud in her own nakedness, hands on hips, beamed at him.
"You can't hide how you feel from me, Tenchi Masaki.  I've known you too
long!"   With that, the space pirate phased through the back wall of his
room, her laughter hanging in the air.
                        *                       *                       *

        Ayeka and Sasami were drinking tea with General Yosho when Tenchi
finally came down stairs. "Hello everyone," mumbled Tenchi as he sat down
and poured himself some tea to help him wake up.  Ayeka bowed from the neck.
        "Good morning, Lord Tenchi," she greeted coolly.  Tenchi paused in
drinking his tea to look at the Princess.  Finally, he turned to Katsuhito.
        "Grandpa, what is going on?" he demanded.
        Katsuhito sighed.  "That is a very long story.  Perhaps you should
not go to school today so it can finally be told to you."
        "But, Grandpa, finals are coming up.  If I miss anything I might not
be able to get into college..." Katsuhito dismissed that notion with a wave
of his hand.
        "I have already arranged for you to attend the University of Jurai."
Tenchi sat, dumbfounded.  Even Ayeka looked up, startled.
        "L...Lord Tenchi is to attend the University of Jurai?"  Katsuhito
nodded, drinking more of his tea.
        "Tenchi has done very well in the local schools, but now it is time
for his eyes to be opened to the larger Universe of which he is a part."
Katsuhito's violet eyes pierced Tenchi.  "Tenchi, yes, you have grown up
ignorant of who you really are and your true destiny.  Now the time has come
for that Destiny to be revealed to you!"
        "Has it, indeed?" purred a foreign voice.  The group spun about to
behold a strange, longhaired man standing in the hall from the doorway.  His
hair was a light green and his eyes hidden behind a pair of spectacles
perched on his nose that for some reason Tenchi didn't think he needed.
"Well, Princess Ayeka, Crown Prince Yosho and Tenchi, all my enemies in one
place, how very kind of you."
        Tenchi jumped to his feet.  "He...hey!  Who are you?  What are you
doing here?!"  For a moment, confusion played across the strangers' face.
Then it was quickly back to its original smug look of confidence.
        He bowed formally, one hand across his chest, but everyone was
certain the courtesy was meant to become an insult.  "Oh, how very
unfortunate that you've forgotten me.  Please allow me to reacquaint myself.
Surely this time you'll remember the name of Kagato!"  With that he gestured
and a ball of energy leapt from his hand, destroying the table around which
they were sitting.  Tenchi's training reacted for him.  He leapt across the
table and pushed Ayeka out of the way of the blast.  He felt more than saw
Katsuhito roll away from the explosion and onto his feet.  From somewhere
about his robes, Katsuhito had produced an object that vaguely resembled a
sword hilt.
        "Villain!" he shouted.  With that a blue beam of energy appeared to
become a sword for the blade-less hilt.  Yosho leapt, a Kendo war cry on his
lips.
        "Grandpa!" shouted Tenchi as the stranger vanished.  Katsuhito
flipped in midair and landed on his feet.
        "Tenchi!  Get Princess Ayeka outside!" shouted Yosho as he himself
pursued Kagato out the front door.  As Tenchi helped the Princess to her
feet, he heard the soft pop heralding the arrival of Ryoko.  Ayeka moaned
softly, but seemed to be fine.
        "What's going on?!" demanded the Space Pirate.  Tenchi turned, but
was struck mute by her outfit.  She wore a black body suit with the sleeves
made out to be red flames that came together over her breasts.   With an
effort, Tenchi closed his mouth and began to explain.  Ryoko's eyes went
wide and Tenchi couldn't tell if it was from fear or rage.  "No!" she
shouted, her energy sword appearing in her hands moments before she
disappeared.
                        *                       *                       *

        "Come now, Yosho, is that the best you can do?" taunted Kagato as he
easily dodged the older man's attack to reposte with a blow Katsuhito barely
parried.   "How rude, and after I've come all this way to evoke my revenge
on you and your family."  Yosho's attacks neither gained nor lost strength
from taunting, if anything his face seemed to lose emotion.
        "Sorry to waist your time, how terrible for you to come all this way
to be disappointed."   Katsuhito's blade flicked up in a strange,
complicated pattern as the old warrior leapt away.  Kagato winced and felt a
trickle of blood begin to run down his cheek.  The villain floated to the
ground twenty feet away from the crouching Katsuhito.
        "I see you've taken the sword from your inept grandson.  That's a
very wise move.  It's too bad you're too old and frail to make use of it."
For the first time, a smile crept onto Yosho's face.  He stood up and
scratched his head.
        "Funny, I don't recall ever giving the sword to Tenchi, but I'm sure
if he had taken it without my permission, he could defeat you with it."
Kagato snarled.
        Like a primal force of nature, he hurled massive amounts of energy
at the old man.  They parted around his shield to no visible effect, other
than Katsuhito's wry smile.  "Not bad for an old man, eh?  Or are you just
feeling your years?"
        Before Kagato could respond, he was engulfed in a huge series of
energy bolts from above him, hotly followed by the enraged voice of Ryoko.
"NO!  You'll ruin EVERYTHING!!"  Yosho's eyes shot skyward to taken in a
sight he never in his wildest dreams thought he would be glad to see.  Ryoko
clad in her battle uniform, and enraged, swooping to attack his adversary.
        "Ryoko, don't attack with your emotions!" he shouted at her, then
leapt into the fray.  But it was the demon-girl's emotions she fought with,
and that rage gave her incredible power.  As an explosion racked Kagato, he
was thrown backwards a hundred feet or more only just managing to land on
his feet, if in a crouched position.  The villain snarled.  Seeing it as
possibly their only chance, Yosho made a desperate gamble and wished.
        As if by their own accord, red gems appeared at Ryoko's wrists, ears
and throat.  She grunted with the influx of power, her amber eyes blazed
with renewed energy.  "Well, Ryoko, this is where you've been hiding.
You've been working on your timing I see.  Excellent!  Kill Crown Prince
Yosho for me, won't you?"
        Ryoko fought the bursts of energy that formed around her, then with
much effort they evaporated and her sword burned with an even hotter fire.
"No, Kagato, not here.  Here where I finally have a chance at the happiness
you've denied me.  Here you die!"  She gestured, a phenomenal blast of
energy leaping from her fist.  Kagato was barely able to dodge in time.
        Such fantastic power thought Yosho.   How is it possible?
        Kagato's eye's narrowed.  "I don't know how you're able to over come
my control, Ryoko, but that's of little importance."  He looked past the two
warriors and gestured.  "Perhaps Princess Ayeka will be kind enough to
inform me..." And with that, Kagato and the Princess disappeared.
        "Coward!" screamed Ryoko, but scream was all she could do, for the
villain was gone.  Shaking with anger, the Space Pirate released her energy
sword and turned back to Yosho.  Katsuhito was seated in the lotus position,
the sword once more merely a hilt across his lap.  Ryoko bowed to him.  "I'm
sorry for all this, sir."
        Katsuhito looked up, the sun glinting across his glasses.  "You know
more about this than you would have us believe, Ryoko."  It was not a
question, but a statement of fact.
        "Of course she does," said a foreign voice.  Ryoko's head snapped
around.
        The Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe stood on the trail to
the main road, a smirk on her face.  She was dressed in her uniform from the
Scientific Academy, but Ryoko was quick to notice a new earring hanging from
her left ear.  "Pretty sneaky way to get your gems back, my dear," she said,
looking up at the Space Pirate.
        "Damn you, Washu," she whispered.  The smaller redhead chuckled.
        "Now, is that anyway to talk to your mother, Ryoko?"
        Ryoko's eyes narrowed and her fists clinched.  "Is that what you
think this is about?  My gems?"  Washu looked startled.  She placed a
concerned hand at Ryoko's elbow.
        "Of course not, Ryoko.  I understand more than you know."  The
scientist turned to the still seated Yosho.  "We have a great deal to
discuss."
        "But what about Princess Ayeka?!" demanded Tenchi.  "We can't just
leave her in that hands of that...that who ever that was!"  Washu smiled and
looked briefly at Katsuhito.  The old man spoke to his grand son with out
turning.
        "Tenchi, a wise man listens to council before rushing off to war.
Sit!"
        "But, Grandpa...!"
        WHAM!
        The stone obviously didn't inflict much harm to the boy, which was
as Katsuhito intended.  It was sufficient for him loose his footing and fall
hard on his rear.  Yosho nodded.  "That's better.  Is there anyone else who
should be present for this meeting, Washu?"
        Washu summoned her keyboard and began typing.  "It wouldn't hurt to
have everyone here, but I can fetch them easier than you."  She looked over
at her daughter.  "Ryoko, fetch Ryo-Ohki out of the lake, if you please."
        Ryoko looked like she wanted to protest, but the look on Washu's
face put an end to any argument she might have.  Wordlessly, she flew
upwards a few feet, then vanished.  Katsuhito grunted.  "Tenchi, you could
learn a good deal from Miss Ryoko.  She knows enough to respect her elders."
        "Ohhh," groaned Tenchi, massaging the bump in his forehead.
        As Washu typed, portals of blackness began to appear, hovering
several feet off the ground.  From them fell Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Sasami.
Mihoshi, naked and obviously in the midst of a bath, began to scream.  Washu
sighed, typed a short command, and another portal appeared above the blonde,
which dropped a towel over her.   "Oh my!  How did I get here?  I mean I was
in the bath cause, well it's morning and people are supposed to take bathes
in the morning.  That's just good hygiene and suddenly I'm out side and
everyone's staring.  Oh I'm so embarrassed...!"
        "Shut up, Mihoshi!" snarled Kiyone.  Then, looking confused, the
Galaxy Police Officer looked about, realized she was outside the Masaki
residence, then asked, "How did we get outside?"  Princess Sasami giggled.
        "Thanks to the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe, that's
how!  You're looking at her!"  Ryoko reappeared, a round metallic object
cradled under one arm.
        "Wow, I didn't think Ryo-Ohki would regenerate so fast..." she said,
handing the egg over to Washu.  The scientist tapped on her keyboard and a
small device looking vaguely like a microwave appeared, hovering in the air
next to her.  Washu opened the door and placed the egg inside.
        "Normally, I wouldn't like to hurry Ryo-Ohki's development like
this, but, desperate times call for desperate measures!"  Washu turned the
dial on the device to it's maximum setting then pressed a button marked
"start".  "Now!  Just to make things easy..." She typed some more causing
three earrings and three finger rings to appear.  "Here," she snapped,
distributing the earrings to the girls, finger rings to the men.  "This will
take too long to explain normally.  This will shield you from this universes
temporal focus long enough to let us figure out what we're going to do about
Kagato!"
        "What exactly are these supposed to be shielding us from?" asked
Katsuhito.
        Mihoshi was much more eager.   "Oh!  Those are so beautiful, Miss
Washu!  Can I have one?  I've never had anything like that before..." The
blonde was already making her way to take one of the devices on her own.
        "Hey!  Stay back!  Don't touch those!" snapped Washu angrily.  "I
will put them on you Mihoshi!  And you are not to touch them once they are
on."  Washu scowled at her.  Under her breath, she added, "As if there's any
need for you to be blocked from anything..."
        Never the less, she passed out the jewelry and, once they were in
place, returned to ethereal keyboard.  "Um, Ms. Washu," began Tenchi.
Instantly, Washu was at his side.
        "Please, Tenchi, call me Little WASHUUU!"  Tenchi smiled
embarrassed.
        "Oh, ok.  Um, Little Washu, what are these things for?"
        Seemingly without moving, Washu was before them, wearing a
professors robes and miter.  Desks appeared under everyone and a black board
came into existence behind her.  "An excellent question, Young Tenchi!
These devices are my latest, most incredible scientific invention!  They
will shield you from the probability wave that has swept all of you up in
it.  In fact, none of you even belong in this universe at all."  The look on
Tenchi's face made it plain he had no idea what she meant.  Washu scowled.
"Allow me to demonstrate."  She snapped her fingers, and suddenly everyone
jumped from static electric shock.
        "Washu!" cried Tenchi, "um, what's happened?  We were taking the
picture and..."
        "...And were stuck by a probability wave which sucked you and
probably everyone else we know into this divergent time line," finished the
Scientist.  The jewelry you're wearing prevents this universe from
overriding your memories and giving you a false history that fits neatly
into this continuum."
        Tenchi looked around.  "But, where's Ayeka?"
        "Kagato has captured her," said Ryoko for the first time without
turning from the sunrise she was contemplating.
        "Kagato...?" whispered Tenchi.  "But, he was destroyed..."
        "Oh no!  Tenchi!  Ryoko!  You've got to save my sister!" cried
Sasami.
        "Washu, how did this happen?" asked Yosho pointedly.
        The scientist grinned.  "You may or may not remember my Dimensional
Tuner.  Well everybody, welcome to Ryoko's fantasy universe!"
        Tenchi leapt to his feet.  "But, that was over months ago!  And,
besides, Ryoko's universe was us as gangsters!"
        "That would have been fun, Tenchi," said Ryoko for the first time,
turning away from the sunlight to look into his eyes.  "But you didn't enjoy
it.  I knew you wouldn't.  I guess I created this before everyone came in
and began fighting over the machine.  Once I saw that, I made that one
quickly my second time at the controls."  She walked forward slowly, tears
watering her eyes.  "But my dream universe?  My fantasy universe is one
where you could love me on your own.  One where not my temper or bad luck or
anything came between us before you could realize you loved me."  Tenchi was
struck by the dept of emotion in the Space Pirate's voice.
        "So, I found this alternate reality.  A reality where Yosho had
imprisoned me for 700 years here in the shrine.  One where I had watched you
grow up playing by that cave, yet some part of you always wondering about
it, drawing you to it; to me.  But, in that reality, you finally went into
the cave and saw..."
        "And saw Ryoko in a mummified form, drained of power trying to
escape," finished Washu.  Ryoko looked down at her mother, then back up at
Tenchi.  "And that fear would have not been something you could have
tolerated, could you my daughter?"
        "It...it spoiled everything.  It gave Ayeka a chance...!"
        "So you edited things a bit."  Washu finished.
        "Nothing important!" Insisted Ryoko.  "Nothing that would effect
your decision Tenchi.  I don't want you as a robot.  I just wanted, needed
you to pick me.  Some place where nothing could come between us."
        Tenchi considered this for a moment.  Finally he turned to Washu.
"Why didn't Ryoko need one of these rings, Little Washu?"
        The scientist smiled.  "Ryoko is used to being two people at once,
aren't you dear?  Once you were all pulled inside this dimension, Ryoko
merged with herself from here and was able to keep her original memories as
well as the history this time line placed into her.  She knew this would be
her chance."  Tears rolled down Ryoko's face, which she turned to hide from
Tenchi.
        "Ryoko, I can't believe you'd do something this selfish!" admonished
Tenchi.  The Space Pirate's head shot around, hurt and anguish rampant on
her face.  But before she could defend herself, her mother did that for her.
        "Don't blame Ryoko for this, Tenchi.  It's not her fault for once."
        "It's not?" asked Tenchi.  "But, I thought..."
        "Ryoko may have tailored this time line to be her perfect chance,
but I recovered you all before you reached it.  So, it's just been steadily
growing on it's own.  Until finally, it over powered what we would call the
real time line and drew us here."
        "I don't understand," said Tenchi, "Why would it just pull us here
on it's own?"
        "Lord Yosho can explain that better than anyone, Tenchi," informed
Washu.  "But, suffice to say that you're a very special person.  In fact,
there is only one Tenchi in all the multiverse.  So, when this side became
powerful enough, because the real you could only be in one place, you and
all of us, were drawn here."
        "I'm sorry, Tenchi, I didn't mean..." began Ryoko, but emotion
clogged her throat shut.  Because inside, she knew this would be the pivotal
moment.  Tenchi would either accept that this entire adventure was an
accident that just happened to favor her, or would forever hold her
accountable for it.  Forever doom any chance Ryoko had of wining his heart.
For a long moment, Tenchi merely considered their situation, finally, he
stepped forward and took Ryoko's hands.
        "It's alright, Ryoko.  I understand now.  I would have liked to find
some perfect place like that where we could fall in love with out any
hindrance, but life isn't that easy I guess.  Cheer up, though, I'm not
going to stop caring for you just because you have a temper!"  A smile crept
onto Ryoko's face.
        "You won't?"
        Tenchi smiled and scratched the back of his neck.  "No!  You don't
have to change anything Ryoko.  I love you just the way you are."
        "Tenchi..." breathed Ryoko.  A warm blush washed over the pirate.
She was so happy she nearly burst.  But so moved was she, she only gently
stepped into the hug Tenchi offered.
        Far too soon in Ryoko's mind, she felt Tenchi stiffen with resolve.
"But, right now, we've got to save Ayeka."
                        *                       *                       *

Chapter Three:
The Hunt For Kagato!

        Princess Ayeka floated, naked in the darkness.   From the blackness
all around her, leering faces would appear and disappear.  They would rush
the feeble shield she had placed to protect her, damage it, and then vanish.
But her respite from the torture was always short-lived.  Ayeka was becoming
frantic, unsure how much longer she could hold out.  Unsure of why, her
thoughts returned constantly to the young noble of Jurai who seemed more
comfortable in the company of a criminal than another lady of his native
world.  Never the less, Ayeka was sure he would come any moment to save her
from this hell.  So it was to him, she screamed, "Tenchi!"
                        *                       *                       *

        Ah-choo!
        Tenchi wiped at his nose then gently stepped from Ryoko's embrace.
"Washu, we have to save Ayeka.  Can you find out where Kagato has taken
her?"
        "Hmm, it's child's play for me, Tenchi," said the Scientist, typing
at her ethereal keyboard.  She looked up from the screen and into the boy's
eyes.  "But, this won't be easy, Tenchi.  Kagato is even more powerful than
ever.  And, I must warn you, you have just merged with the false Tenchi of
this universe.  It will make you powerful, but you will have trouble
controlling your new abilities."  Tenchi nodded his acceptance of that and
turned to Ryoko.
        "Ryoko, I'm sorry to ask for your help with this.  I know there's no
love lost between you and Ayeka..." The pirate sniffed to clear her nose of
tears and smiled weakly.
        "Hey, Tenchi, I want a piece of Kagato just like you.  Besides, even
Ayeka doesn't deserve to be left with that creep."  Tenchi smiled and turned
to his grandfather.
        Katsuhito stood and offered the sword hilt from his lap.  "This
belongs with you now, Tenchi.  It is a great responsibility you have chosen
for yourself.  Are you ready?"
        "I guess my whole life has been in preparation of this, grandpa.
Your training and all these crazy adventures are just part of my destiny.
I'd like to just have a normal, quiet life, but I guess that's not my karma,
huh?"  Straightening, he reached out and accepted the hilt from his
grandfather.  As soon as he touched it, a flash of light transformed his
school uniform into the battle dress of a noble of Jurai.  "I won't dishonor
you or your training, Grandfather."
        Yosho nodded gravely.
        Tears streamed from Nobouki's eyes.  "Oh, my brave son, going off to
save a lady in distress!  If only I had my camcorder for this!"
        "Dad!"
        Kiyone stood and activated her control cube.  In a twinkling, both
she and Mihoshi were in their Galaxy Police uniforms.  She bowed.  "Tenchi,
we would be honored to accompany you."   And, she thought to herself, if I
can capture Eternally Most Wanted Criminal Kagato, it might be my ticket
away from Mihoshi!  An evil looking smile crept onto the Police Officer's
face as she considered the possibilities.
        Ding!
        "Myau!"
        "Ah!" exclaimed Washu.  "I see Ryo-Ohki is ready."  She opened the
door to the microwave-like device hanging suspended in the air.   The Cabbit
leapt out and scratched her floppy ears.  "There's my little Ryo-Ohki," said
Washu, offering the Cabbit a carrot she had produced from somewhere.  "Ready
to go save Princess Ayeka?" Ryo-Ohki nodded and munched contentedly.  Washu
straightened and regarded the group before her.  "I've got a few more things
to help out, but let's get underway.  According to my data, Kagato is
secured himself in a pocket universe.  Doubtless, he's trying to get the
secret of Tsunami from Princess Ayeka.  Should he be able to take over that
ship, he'll be almost unstoppable."
        Ryoko stepped forward and took Tenchi's free hand.  "When this is
over, Tenchi, I'd like to talk with you.  Maybe set some of this right."
Tenchi turned and regarded her.
        "There's nothing to set right, Ryoko.  But, I'd like to spend some
time with you.  Whenever you'd like."  The Space Pirate smiled, reached down
and picked up the Cabbit and threw her skyward.  With a scream, Ryo-Ohki
assumed her crystalline space ship form.  "I don't think I'll ever get used
to seeing that," muttered Tenchi.
        "Let's go, Ryo-Ohki!" called Ryoko up to her space ship.  A gravity
beam picked up the entire group and lifted them into the ship.
        Nobouki looked about in something of a panic.  "He...hey?  Why are
Father and I here?"
        Washu smiled an evil smile.  "You weren't going to stay behind and
let your son face this dangerous mission by himself, were you Nobouki?"
        "Yes!" declared the man.  "What skills can I bring to this?  Dad is
a master swordsman and Tenchi has all these strange powers, but I'm just an
architect!"
        "You'll see," murmured Washu.
        "Ok, Ryo-Ohki!" snapped Ryoko as she appeared next to the control
balls on the bridge.  "Ready whenever you are, Washu."   The Scientist
tapped at her ethereal keyboard.
        "Head to Alpha Centauri, Ryoko.  There's a weak point in the
continuum that will give us access to Kagato's pocket dimension there."
        The Cabbit yowled as she streaked across space to her deadly ronde'
vous.
                        *                       *                       *

        Tsunami, Princess, whispered the leering faces.  What is the secret
of Tsunami?
        "I don't know!" shouted the Princess.  "Leave me alone!  Tenchi!"
        The faces and the darkness rippled, then collapsed.  Ayeka found
herself on the floor in a strange room.  Over her stood the man who had
appeared so suddenly at the Masaki home and brought disaster with him.  He
smiled and finished pulling on his glove.  "Well, Princess, it seems your
will is just as strong as ever.   No matter, sooner or later you'll break.
It will be a most unpleasant prospect, however.  Why don't you save yourself
that anguish and tell me what I want to know?"
        With the last of her strength, the Princess summoned the will to
change into her battle uniform.  She stood and backed away from her
antagonist.  "Never!  You will find that those of us from Jurai are not to
be made enemies lightly."
        "That might be true for your father, Princess.  Or even Yosho five
hundred years ago, but you and that boy?  Don't make me laugh."  As Ayeka
desperately tried to summon the energy to attack her antagonist in some
manner, a rapid beeping from somewhere in the palatial room they stood in
distracted her and Kagato.  "Ah, the lambs to the slaughter.  Excuse me,
won't you, Princess?  Once I've dealt with your friends, we'll pick up right
where we left off."  With that, Kagato disappeared.
        Ayeka knelt in the huge, empty room and began to weep.  Oh, Tenchi,
if only...  As the tears flowed, crowding her vision, in her mind, a ghostly
Ryoko appeared before her.
        Why are we bothering with you, Ayeka?  You're so pathetic.  First
you get yourself captured, now we have to come all this way to save you.  I
wonder why Tenchi even bothers...
        "No!" shouted Ayeka in the darkness.  "It's not my fault!
Tenchi..."
        Tenchi!  Tenchi!  That's all you can say?  Save me Tenchi?  What do
you think Tenchi will say?  'Oh, Ayeka is captured again.  Ryoko, do you
mind helping me...?'  "No, Tenchi.  You know I'll do anything for you..."
'Thank you, Ryoko.  You never put me in this situation...'
        Ayeka stood and carefully composed herself.  "You're right, Ryoko.
I am a Princess of Jurai.  I do not need anyone to save me."  The ghostly
Ryoko nodded and vanished.  Ayeka turned and began to walk, not entirely
sure where she was going.  Only sure she would not be helpless once Tenchi
arrived.
                        *                       *                       *

        On the bridge of Ryo-Ohki, determination was the mask everyone wore
on his or her face.  Before them, on the viewing screen, the double stars of
Alpha and Proxima Centurai burned brightly, coming closer each second.
Washu looked up from her keyboard at the display and nodded to Ryoko.  "I've
highlighted the intersection point, Ryoko.  It's right between the two stars
where their gravity wells over lap.  You'll have to be careful, or we'll be
pulled into one of them."
        Ryo-Ohki mewled worriedly.  "Don't be chicken now, Ryo-Ohki!"
snapped the Space Pirate.  For emphasis, she pushed the accelerator to
maximum.  Washu turned to what looked like the door into the storage unit
under the stairs of the Masaki residence.
"Nobouki!  Aren't you finished yet?" she called.
        "Almost," came the architects' voice.  "I've never done anything
like this before!"
        "Hurry up, we're almost there."  Washu turned back to her ethereal
keyboard and began typing furiously.  "Hold here for a moment, Ryoko."
        As Ryo-Ohki coasted to a stop in space, Washu explained as she
worked.  "Now, we will enter a pocket dimension Kagato has created very
soon.  Stay alert, as Kagato has control over every part of it.  An attack
may come from any direction.  Once we're inside, Tenchi, Ryoko and I will
make our way to the center.  That should be where Ayeka is being held.  From
there, we'll de-stabilize the dimension and make our escape, trapping Kagato
in the resulting void.  It will be the job of the rest of you to distract
Kagato while we attempt this.  Hold out for as long as you can, then press
the red button on the bracelets that I've given you.  They'll transport you
back to Ryo-Ohki.  Any questions?"
        The door opened and out stepped Nobouki in a red and white suite of
powered armor that was shaped vaguely like a Samurai.  "Yes, I have one.  Do
I have to wear this?"
        "Nobouki, that suit is all that stands between you and certain
death," said Washu with considerable patience.  "You can take it off if you
like, but I wouldn't recommend it..."
        The architects' eyes went wide.  He waved Washu away franticly.
"No!  No, that's alright, just wanted to make sure I was wearing it
properly...!"    Washu nodded gravely.
        "Lord Katsuhito, I've constructed energy swords for both you and
Nobouki based on my research into the Master Key.  They may not function
exactly the same, but hopefully they'll be sufficient for you."
        Yosho held up the energy sword in one hand.  He also wore what
appeared to be Samurai armor, but nothing as bulky or cumbersome as
Nobouki's.  Also apparent was his Jurian battle tattoo which was a black
band across his fore head coming down to two points on either side of his
face, pointing down.  "You've done an excellent job, Washu, I'm sure we'll
do fine."
        Nobouki held the energy sword in one hand, a pistol of some kind in
the other.  "Speak for your self, dad, I'm really not sure how to use either
of these..."
        "Make sure you stay in front of me then," murmured Yosho without
looking at his son-in-law.  Washu chuckled.
        "The armor knows what to do, Nobouki.  Just try not to fight it too
much."
        "Miss Washu," asked Sasami, pulling on the Scientists hem.  "What
should I do?"
        Washu patted the girl on the head.  "You've got the hard job,
Sasami!  I need you to stay on board Ryo-Ohki.  She'll be scanning for
Ayeka's exact location.  I want you to relay that information to Tenchi and
I.  Can you do that?"  Sasami nodded gravely.
        "You can count on me, Washu!"
        "Ok, ok!  Everybody knows what to do, so let's do it!" growled
Ryoko.
        Washu closed her eyes and offered up a prayer to whoever might be
listening.  "Yes, let's go!"
        Ryo-Ohki screamed and streaked to meet her destiny.
                        *                       *                       *

        Deep within his own dimension, Kagato watched the approach of
Ryo-Ohki on a screen the floated a few feet off the ground.  He was becoming
worried that Washu had found him so easily.  With a thought, invisible space
stations positioned in the Centauri system began firing on the Ryo-Ohki.
The vessel dodged and careened wildly, but continued to come on.
        A frown crossed the villain's face.  Such determination these people
had.  He must be careful not to underestimate them again; they had already
defeated him once that way.  Another video window popped up, revealing
Princess Ayeka making her way through the corridors of his dimension.
Kagato laughed, "Well, this should be most entertaining...!"
                        *                       *                       *


        Ayeka made her way carefully through the corridors of her prison,
not entirely sure where she was going.  Every so often, a demon of some kind
would appear and attack her, but so far her own powers had been sufficient
to protect her.  As it was, she was completely unprepared for a large
section of the wall to explode revealing the largest and easily the ugliest
of the demons so far.  It reached out, collapsing her force field and lifted
her from the floor.  As she struggled, she couldn't help but scream,
"Tenchi!"
                        *                       *                       *

Chapter Four:
No Need For A Last Battle

        "Ok, ok!  Everybody knows what to do, so let's do it!" growled
Ryoko.
        Washu closed her eyes and offered up a prayer to whoever might be
listening.  "Yes, let's go!"
        Ryo-Ohki screamed and streaked to meet her destiny.
                        *                       *                       *

        Deep within his own dimension, Kagato watched the approach of
Ryo-Ohki on a screen the floated a few feet off the ground.  He was becoming
worried that Washu had found him so easily.  With a thought, invisible space
stations positioned in the Centauri system began firing on the Ryo-Ohki.
The vessel dodged and careened wildly, but continued to come on.
        A frown crossed the villain's face.  Such determination these people
had.  He must be careful not to underestimate them again; they had already
defeated him once that way.  Another video window popped up, revealing
Princess Ayeka making her way through the corridors of his dimension.
Kagato laughed, "Well, this should be most entertaining...!"
                        *                       *                       *


        Ayeka made her way carefully through the corridors of her prison,
not entirely sure where she was going.  Every so often, a demon of some kind
would appear and attack her, but so far her own powers had been sufficient
to protect her.  As it was, she was completely unprepared for a large
section of the wall to explode revealing the largest and easily the ugliest
of the demons so far.  It reached out, collapsing her force field and lifted
her from the floor.  As she struggled, she couldn't help but scream,
"Tenchi!"
                        *                       *                       *

        To Sasami, it seemed like the universe stretched and tore as
Ryo-Ohki pierced Kagato's private dimension.  Everything had been going so
quickly, now it was just slow motion.  Then a sharp shudder that caused her
to loose her footing and fall to her knees.  Washu conjured up a door from
nothing, everyone was rushing through it, and then she was alone on the
bridge of Ryo-Ohki.  Struggling not to cry, she called after them, "Be
careful everybody!"  Shaking off her fears, the young princess stood and
straightened her dress.  "Ok, Ryo-Ohki, let's find Ayeka!"
        "Meow!" cried the battleship.
        Sasami was probably as surprised as everyone else that the group had
appeared literally right next to Ayeka.
                        *                       *                       *

        "Tenchi!" cried Ayeka, thrashing about in the grip of the demon that
held her fast.  Tenchi looked up, three energy swords coming to life as one.
        "Hold on, Ayeka!" he cried, preparing to attack.
        "No, Tenchi!" shouted Washu.  As the young warrior turned to face
her in confusion, she continued.   "Stick to the plan.  Nobouki and Lord
Katsuhito can deal with him!  Come on Ryoko!"  Without another backward
glance, the scientist turned and rushed deeper into the labyrinth.
        As the three of them rushed off, Nobouki raised his gun.  "Don't
worry, dad!  I'll get it!"  Katsuhito's shout of warning was drowned out by
the report of Nobouki's gun blasting away in the corridor.   The force of
the recoil picked up the hapless architect and launched him across the room,
power armor or no.  What only Katsuhito saw was it also shot loose the arm
that held Ayeka and a series of large holes in the demon.  As the princess
fell into the old mans arms, the demon fell, lifeless, to the ground.  Not a
hair on her head was scorched.
        As Kiyone and Mihoshi helped Nobouki to his feet, Yosho felt a new
respect for his son in law.  He set the princess down and walked over to the
others.  "Well, that was exciting, wasn't it?"
                        *                       *                       *

        Kagato stood from his throne and gestured.  A pedestal appeared
before him; controls embedded into it.  On the screens beyond, he watched
most of the group return to Ryo-Ohki with the Princess.  Another screen
showed Washu, the boy and Ryoko mere moments from his inner sanctum.  Not
nearly as troubling was that as was the device Washu was bearing with her.
Kagato knew a dimensional de-stabilizer when he saw one.   Oh well,
discretion was the better part of valor and all that...
        As the group burst into the room, his finger completed the sequence,
save one key.  "Welcome!" he greeted.  "I see your little raid has been most
successful, my congratulations."
        Washu made to grab the de-stabilizer.   "Sorry I can't stay..."
taunted Kagato as he faded from sight.  "Perhaps next time..." cooed his
disembodied voice.
        Washu took the device from her belt, pressed a button and threw it
with all her might.  "Back to Ryo-Ohki!" she shouted.
        To Tenchi it seemed as if the very universe was being pulled inside
out.  It took every once of his strength to press the button on his recall
device.  White light exploded about him and he lost consciousness.
*                       *                       *

        The birds were chirping as the group clustered about Washu and her
computer keyboard.  It was a beautiful fall day, with just a hint of the
winter that was approaching.  As Washu came to pause in her typing, Nobouki
was the first to raise his hand.  "Yes, Nobouki?" asked the scientist.
        "Could someone please help me out of this armor?"  Laughing, Tenchi
moved to assist his father.  Mihoshi had the next question.
        "Um, Miss Washu, have we seen the last of that terrible Kagato
person?"
        Washu shook her head.  "Somehow, I don't think so, Mihoshi.
However, I think I have a solution to our current predicament."
        Ryoko sighed.  "So, now we go home, right?"
        "No, Ryoko, we can never go home."
        "WHAT?!" shouted the entire group.
        "Now, now, calm down everybody," chided the scientist.  "Our
universe was completely destroyed!  There's nothing I can do about that!"
        Tenchi was despondent.   "What will we do, then?"
        Washu began to type furiously.  "There is, however, one thing I can
do.  We all come from that universe.  There is enough of it that I can merge
the two realities into something new.  I'm not sure of the entire out come,
there may be some strange anomalies, but it's the best chance we have."  She
looked up and surveyed the group.  "What do you all want me to do?"
        "What kind of anomalies?" asked Yosho pointedly.
        "I'm not sure.  We'll all be together and our situations will be
very similar to this.  Beyond that, I can't say."  Washu looked from one
face to another, each slowly nodded in turn.  As her finger descended on the
final keystroke, Washu watched her daughter, as if in slow motion, turn to
Tenchi and say,
        "Tenchi, I love you..."
*                       *                       *

        Tenchi found him-self walking along the path to his home.  The
weight in his left hand was a briefcase.  A look down confirmed he was
wearing his school uniform.  A soft pop heralded the arrival of Ryoko's arms
around his shoulders.  "Tenchi!  You're home!"
        "Hello Ryoko," he greeted.  She began to float beside him.  "Do you,
remember?"
        She turned and smiled at him.  "I told you I loved you, didn't I?
How could I forget anything that involved you?"  Tenchi chuckled and resumed
his walk.
"Did everyone else make it back?"
        "Your dad has a home office now," she commented, looking up over
head.  "I think being a star shipwright pays a good bit more than
architecture.    Washu is in her lab.  I haven't seen either Mihoshi or
Kiyone, but that doesn't mean much."
        "Grandpa?"
        "He's been up at the shrine all day.  I don't think it's ever been
cleaner."
        Tenchi had to chuckle at that.   They arrived at the front door to
find Ayeka sweeping the front porch.  She bowed.  "Lord Tenchi, it's good
that you're home."
        "Hi, Ayeka."  They stepped inside and Tenchi removed his shoes.
"I'm home everyone!" he called.  Nobouki wondered into the hall, a cup of
tea in his hand.
        "Son, I'm glad you're here!  Sasami should have dinner ready any
minute."  They walked into the living room, the noises of Sasami's expertise
coming from the kitchen.  "What a day!  I swear, people want everything on
their space ship for free!  Doesn't anyone realize what these things cost?"
        Tenchi set down his briefcase and sat down.  Some things never
change, he thought, glad things were finally getting back to normal.  Ryoko
hovered in the air next to him.  "I warned you life with me would never be
dull, Tenchi," she murmured to him.
        Before the young man could answer, he heard the screen door open and
a woman's voice call out, "I'm home everyone!  Sorry I'm so late.  The
traffic was terrible.  Could someone help me?  Princess Ayeka has fainted."
        Tenchi stood and followed the crowd out into the hall.  There, a
lovely woman about thirty-five or so, dressed in business attire was
cradling Ayeka on the porch.   Her ebony hair spilled about her shoulders
and framed a face filled with concern.  The sound of Nobouki's teacup
hitting the floor was deafening in the silence.  "Nobouki!" the stranger
admonished, "You dropped your drink!"
        "A...Achika...?"
        "Nobouki!" Tenchi's mother laughed, "you look like you've seen a
ghost!"
        "Well," said Washu, suddenly at Tenchi's elbow.  "I did say I wasn't
sure what would happen...!"
*                       *                       *

End Theme
Dimension of Love
Natsuko Karedo, Masato Ishida and Seikou Nagaoka

When the cherry blossom starts to bloom
Meet me here in my lonely room
We'll find a passion filled fantasy
And this time you will stay with me

All the misery that we knew before
Stays away when you are at my door
My heart will sing at ev'ry tender touch
And, oh, you'll want me twice as much

*A new dimension of love
A bold adventure waiting for you
The true dimension of love
A soaring flight, a dazzling view

We're gonna take it all the way
We'll make the dream so totally real
See greater wonders by the day
Then tell the stars what glorious rapture we feel

Soon, with the start of Spring
We'll know our hearts are changing
Leave the hurt behind
I'll be true and kind
Be the best you'll ever find...

We don't ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I just can't forget you though I've tried

This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes kiss me once again
I'll always be the only one you need
So go where your deepest longing leads...
(*Repeat)

Soon, in the April breeze
We will bring alive the mem'ries
Yes I'm sure we will
Bring back every thrill
Make them all lovelier still

When the cherry blossom starts to bloom
Meet me here in my lonely room
We'll find a passion filled fantasy
And this time you will stay with me

All the misery that we knew before
Stays away when you are at my door
My heart will sing at ev'ry tender touch
And, oh, you'll want me twice as much

We don't ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I can't forget you though I've tried

This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes kiss me once again
I'll always be the only one you need
So go where your deepest longing leads

AUTHORS NOTES:

Seems like nothing these days is the work of only one man or woman and this
labor of love is no exception.  Tenchi and all his exploits are created and
owned by AIM and brought to these United States by Pioneer LDC.   Many
thanks are owed by me to Lisa, Joey, Paul, Steve and Louis for reading this
and offering opinion, both good and bad.

I suppose this is as good a place as any to say; I do not own or create the
characters depicted in this story.  They are owned completely by Pioneer LDC
and their partners overseas.  I did not have permission to play in their
back yard, but I hope I've taken good care of the equipment.  This new
universe that I've created is open for others to explore in writing, should
that muse strike, I only ask that those stories be headed with "A Tenchi
Muyo! Fusion Adventure" to distinguish it as taking place in my demented
creation.  And, I'd like to get first read.

Comments are always welcome at Brannickthebard@yahoo.com.  Unlike some
others, I don't threaten bodily harm to flamers, but I do respectfully
request that criticism be constructive.