

<IMPORTANT! FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE NOT READ THE PAST EPISODES OF THE SERIES, 
DO SO NOW!! CLICK ON MY AUTHOR NAME TO SEE ALL FICS WRITTEN BY ME!! ESPECIALLY 
EPISODE 6!!!>
 

Uhh..yeah...I don't own these characters..don't sue..please. Uh, I think Pioneer 
and AIC owns them (I hope they make that new series where Tenchi and Ryoko get 
married and have a kid soon, they still havent decided yet..haha stupid Aeka and 
Sakuya fans, Ryoko won) Steal the fics and I'll have Duo land his Deathscythe-
Hell on your house >.<

Author's Inane Rambling: Hey wassup? I actually have fans..<shudders> what has 
the world come to? Oh yeah, for those of you that havent...put me on 
AuthorAlert!! That way you can know when I release further episodes! Anyway, 
today's ep might be a little sappy or sad, depending on what kind of a person 
you are. There is stronger themes in it (no, not lemon) so be warned. I don't 
think there will be too much profanity, but there will be violence....you have 
been warned...oh yeah. AUTHOR ALERT! READ THESE IN ORDER! Lastly....my dragon 
from my RP char, who I've dubbed "Ecchi no Dragon" (for obvious reasons) Might 
help out with the commentary in future episodes.

Josh: <snicker snicker>
Nick: What?
Josh: You call that violent?
Nick: well..not really...but some people might.
Josh: Well, the part where Ryoko...
Nick: DON'T!! Let them read!! Baka! -.-;
Josh: Fine..

~~~No Need for Lost Loved Ones..

Tenchi braced himself has he leapt into the portal. His mind was drowning in 
sorrow, he remembered his one true love..gone. But now, he had a chance...a 
chance to get her back. His mind drifted has he remembered the earlier events...
~~~~~~~~Flashback~~~~~~~~
(AN: Ok this is a wierd flashback, sort of in 1st, 3rd, and other characters 
view. Ok!? Then keep reading, or ill have Ecchi Dragon come eat you then barf 
you up!)

It was quiet in the Masaki house, and all was still except for one figure 
heading upstairs. The red head's hair swayed back and forth has she climbed up 
the stairs. Up in Tenchi's bedroom, him and Ryoko slept peacefuly, unaware of 
the stranger.

"It's time, you two.." Washu said has she closed the door behind her. Her 
posture was much prouder then usual, and she was in her adult form. She nudged 
Ryoko slightly. She stirred, and woke up.

"What...what do you want Washu..." Ryoko started, then looked up to see the 
adult version of Washu staring down at her. "AHH! And since when are you tall?. 
The sudden shout roused Tenchi and he sat bolt upright. He stared at Washu.

"Oh, hi Washu....." he mumbled. Tenchi's mind began to peice together what was 
happening. "Adult Washu...bed...AHH! SPERM SAMPLE!! AHHHH!!!!!!!" Tenchi 
screamed has he ran out of the room. Ryoko cocked an eyebrow at Washu.

"What was he saying?" She asked, glaring at Washu

"Nothing. Listen up it's time, Tokimi decided she wants the tournament this 
instant. We will be teleported in.." She checked her watch "Approximately 5.6 
seconds.."
 
Ryoko sighed and fazed into her battle suit. No sooner then she had, the air 
around them shifted. Ryoko found herself standing in the middle of a large stone 
arena with large pillars jutting out of the ground every 20 or so feet. She 
looked up and saw the three goddess sisters, Tokimi, Tsunami, and Washu sitting 
down in a large booth of some sort. They stared intently down at the battle 
field below them. Ryoko heard something from behind her and she turned around, 
ready to fight. She laughed when she saw Tenchi, huddled up on the floor like a 
little chicken-wuss. She nudged him with her foot.

"Tenchi? What are you doing down there?" Ryoko asked, giggling at him.

"Is..is...she gone?" Tenchi asked, looking up at Ryoko with fear in his eyes.

"Uh. Yeah. But why were you so afraid of Washu in her adult form?" Ryoko asked 
curiously. Her eyes gazed into his. 

"Well...you see...." Tenchi began to explain the whole "Nurse Washu" incident. 
Ryoko's eyes began to twitch in anger when she heard the part with the vacuum. 
Before she had time to fly up and yell at her mom, Tsunami appeared in front of 
both of them. 

"You two, please listen. The competition is about to start, and you need to know 
the rules." Tsunami said. 

"You will all engage in battle, and the losers become soul-less corpses." Tokimi 
butted in. "It's that simple. Now come, sister. The battle is about to start." 
Tokimi flew back up to her little goddess "skybox" and sat with Washu. Tsunami 
sighed.

"Has I was saying, The avatars will fight. Whoever is defeated, loses their 
souls to Tokimi, myself, or Washu. It goes like this, If Washu's avatar loses, 
her soul goes to Tokimi. Tokimi's avatar's soul goes to me, and My avatar's soul 
goes to Washu. Is that all very clear?" Tsunami finished bluntly. 

"Well...yeah I guess." Tenchi agreed.

"Peachy keen.."

"Well then, let the fighting commence!" Tsunami shouted and teleported back up 
to the goddess skybox. Just has she did, a hooded, shadowy figure walked out 
from behind one of the pillars.  There seemed to be an evil aura around him, a 
sense of forboding. 

"Why, hello children." he spoke. With that, he pulled down his hood, revealing 
his identity. Ryoko and Tenchi gasped in shock when they found out who the 
mysterious figure was. The now unveiled Kagato smirked when he saw Ryoko and 
Tenchi's expressions.

"What's a matter, boy? You act has though you've seen a ghost." Kagato said, 
grinning. He turned his glare upon Ryoko next. "And you, worthless peice of 
garbage. Come join your master." He flicked his wrist toward her. Ryoko began to 
shudder violently, her eyes turning a pale green. Once again, Kagato was using 
Ryoko to do his dirty work for him...but this time he had a new twist to it. 

"Foolish pest, you really think you can beat me twice? Besides.....she will do 
whatever I want now. And I mean anything." Kagato said, grinning hellishly. 
Tenchi figured he'd have Ryoko attack him, or something like that. But what 
Kagato did, Tenchi would have never expected.

"Leave her alone!" Tenchi shouted has he saw Ryoko float towards Kagato. Kagato 
smirked at him, and wrapped an arm around Ryoko. Tenchi's eyes widened has he 
saw Kagato snap his fingers and Ryoko cuddle up next to him. To Tenchi's shock, 
he then saw Ryoko and Kagato begin to kiss pationately.

"See boy? Anything I want!" Kagato laughed at Tenchi, who's face was twisted in 
a furious expression.

"You...bastard! Get away from her!" Tenchi shouted has he leapt at Kagato, 
trying to flip kick him in the jaw. It would have worked, if he hadn't had Ryoko 
move in the way at the last second. Kagato made Ryoko take the full force of the 
blow, which sent Tenchi hurdling over the edge. (AN: I dont like Kagato, you'll 
see that in a little while..) Tenchi's eyes turned to slits when he saw a 
trickle of blood running down from Ryoko's lip.

"How dare you...." The air around Tenchi began to crackle. "Omae wa korosu! 
(Translation: Im going to kill you!) Tenchi swung his left fist around in a wide 
arc, connecting solely with Kagato's jaw. Tenchi smirked, but wasnt done. He 
continued to pummel him, slamming his fist into his gut and then round kicking 
him in the face, sending some blood trickling out of his nose. Tenchi noticed 
Ryoko's eyes begin to return to their original color, and kept up his attack. He 
tried to slam his elbow into Kagato's chest, put Kagato saw that coming and 
caught it. Tenchi grinned has he snapped his wrist upwards, snapping Kagato's 
nose. Tenchi turned around when he heard another soft moan behind him. To his 
relief Ryoko had turned back to normal, but that didn't mean they were out of 
danger yet.

"Insolent brat! Time to pay for what you've done." Kagato said, spitting out a 
little blood. "My turn.." Kagato smirked and began to charge up an energy 
strike. With a grin, he flung the blast toward's Tenchi.

 Tenchi barely evaded his opening energy blast. Tenchi saved him self by leaping 
sideways, but was off balanced by this. Kagato used this to his advantage,  
following up by creating his own energy sword and making a horizontal slash 
toward's Tenchi's neck. Tenchi just barely had time to activate the Tenchi-ken 
and bring it upwards to deflect the attack. They continued fighting, no one 
apparently winning yet. 

Meanwhile, Ryoko had been slowly regaining her senses. When her vision 
unblurred, she saw both figures locked in combat. She flew upwards, starting to 
charge her own energy blast.

"Watch out Tenchi!" Ryoko said has she launched the huge blast down at the two 
fighters. Kagato grinned and backflipped out of the way, laughing at Tenchi's 
slowness. Tenchi realized he wouldnt be able to get out of the blast radius by 
the time he noticed it. In an attempt to save his own life, he formed the 
Lighthawk Wings. Luckily, the whole blast was absorbed by the wings, and left a 
small crater around where Tenchi was standing. Kagato touched down, grinned 
evilly.

"Those are very nice..but I think you'll find them hard to create after I do 
this..." Kagato said, and began to laugh crazily. The air around him began to 
swirl chaotically and created several small whirlwinds. Thunder began to boom 
and lightning flashed. There was a huge explosion, and smoke followed. 

When the dust had cleared, Kagato stood, with 4 large ruby red objects that 
looked similiar to the Lighthawk wings. "I don't believe you've met my little 
friends, have you. These are the Blackhawk Wings. The exact opposite of your 
Lighthawk wings, boy. Has you probably see, your own Lighthawk wings are 
diminishing in the greater presence of my Blackhawk wings..normally this wouldnt 
happen, but since there are more Blackhawk wings...lets just say it sucks to be 
you." Kagato explained. 

"I think you'll really like this part.." He said and the wings encased him with 
a suit of armor that seemed like it was made of pure shadow. Afterwards, 
Tenchi's wings completely disappeared. 

Tenchi uttered an uncharacteristic profanity towards Kagato and leapt at him 
with the intention of cleaving him into two. Kagato laughed has he brought his 
fist up into Tenchi's gut..hard. The boy collapsed to the ground, and Kagato 
kicked him twice. He then lifted him up by the neck. "Not this time, boy!" and 
began to strangle him. Ryoko screamed and launched herself into Kagato, who had 
apparently not expected the attack. Fortunetely, it had stopped him from choking 
Tenchi to death. He stood up and wiped a trickle of blood from his lip. One of 
the wings formed into a sword of pure evil. 

"You...stupid peice of trash!" He said has he brought the sword crashing down 
into Ryoko's chest. It went right through her...literally. Kagato's smirk 
disappeared has he heard her laughter resounding off the walls. He glared down 
at what he had thought was Ryoko. He snarled has her astral form faded away, and 
began to look around for the real Ryoko.

"Who's a peice of junk now Kagato?" Ryoko said has she kicked him with all her 
power. It connected squarly in the temple..and he barely flinched. His wings had 
blocked the brunt of the attack. His usual devil-smile was back has he grabbed 
Ryoko's leg and flung her into one of the pillars. He wasn't done yet, has he 
flew up into the air directly above the spot where her body lay, near 
unconsious. The air around him crackled with electricty, and all four of the 
wings merged into one giant energy ball. 

"Goodbye Ryoko!!" Kagato shouted has he hurled the gigantic sphere of death down 
to Ryoko.

Tenchi had barely caught his breath from being strangled when a huge red flash 
engulfed the arena. Dust swirled around him and he couldnt see anything but six 
glowing shapes. He jumped when he heard a voice inside his head..calling his 
name. <Tenchi....Tenchi....Tenchi.....>His eyes widened. <Ry..Ryoko? Are you 
alright?> He thought back. No answer. He gazed at the six shapes in disbelief. 
<Ryoko!?> He fought his way to the glowing forms, hoping and praying it was his 
own cyan-haired love that he'd find.

Kagato floated above the blast site, pleased with his accomplishment. His glee 
soon turned to despair has he saw the six glowing shapes where his strike had 
hit. "No...it can't.." He muttered, watching the Blackhawk wings start to fade.

Tenchi had finally finished struggling through the duststorm, and was shocked at 
what he found. Ryoko floated serenly, apparently not noticing her surroundings. 
The first thing he noticed about her was the Lighthawk wings. There were six of 
them total, two up front, and then four large ones in back, almost looking like 
real wings. She looked like an angel, clad in the white uniform symbolic of the 
Lighthawk wings. Tenchi went slackjawed, not only from the confusion of what was 
happening, but from the beatiful sight in front of him. <The Lighthawk 
wings...but how..?> Tenchi was lost in thought when the voice came back. 

<Tenchi.>

<Ryoko? Is that really you?>

<Yes.> Tenchi's look of bewilderment heightened. <What are you doing inside my 
head!?> He saw Ryoko turn his way and smile.

<I created Lighthawk wings. We both use the gems to do so, and now we also have 
a telepathic link. Pretty cool, ne?> Ryoko thought back, returning to her usual 
self.

<Whoa. So this is what it's like with Washu?> Tenchi sighed. Ryoko nodded and 
looked up at Kagato, who's cussing had caught her attention. She winked at 
Tenchi and he got the picture, his own lighthawk wings were slowly re-forming. 
Suddenly, Ryoko darted upward towards Kagato. He never saw it coming, her blow 
knocked him out of the air and sent him spiraling back down to the ground. Ryoko 
slowly floated down to meet him in combat. Her own Lighthawk wings were glowing 
extremely bright and Tenchi was forced to shield his eyes. Ryoko's usual smile 
disappeared has she began transforming the lighthawk wings into a sword much 
like his own, accept it was a little smaller and a whole lot sharper. She 
smirked when Kagato began to stir. He stood up and regained fighting stance, but 
it was useless. Ryoko's lightning quick strike plunged the blade through his 
heart. The air around the two combatants swirled, and the Blackhawk wings 
completely disappeared. Kagato's limp figure slowly slid off of the blade, 
leaving a trail of dark blood has Ryoko withdrew it from him. His limp figure 
lie, stiff and unmoving in a pool of his own blood.

"Well now Tokimi, it appears your tournament is over. Farewell." Washu stood up 
from her seat. He expression hardened. "You must have realized that Kagato could 
never beat Ryoko and Tenchi. What was your real reason for holding this 
tournament besides your twisted sense of amusement?" Washu's eyes narrowed when 
Tokimi stepped in front of her. "Well?" Washu tapped her foot impatiently.

"It's not over yet, dear sister. Only one of them leaves this arena." Tokimi's 
expression became stern. The true purpose of the tournament dawned on Washu. Her 
eyes widened with shock. 

"I cannot allow a being that is more powerful then us sisters come into life. 
I'm sure it's been troubling you, hasn't it sister Tsunami?" Tokimi turned to 
face Tsunami, who's expression was none the less surprised. 

"Yes I'm sure you knew. A child so powerful is easily manipulated. Possibly..by 
you? Or perhaps someone else? Either way, It's too risky to let such a child 
come into being." Tokimi continued. "I don't care about your permission or not, 
its not a risk I want to take. 

She looked down to the arena and shouted. "That was very interesting, you two. 
Now what are you waiting for? Only one leaves! Fight...or you both die!" Tokimi 
frowned has she snapped her fingers. The floor of the arena began to burn away. 
<It's a shame..but it must be done> she thought quietly.

Ryoko's eyes widened. <Tenchi! Hold on to me!> She thought has she began to 
teleport them back home. Nothing happened. She tried again, but it didnt work. 
Tokimi's voice rang out again "You have no choice but to fight, you cant escape 
from this arena!"

Tears began to run from Ryoko's eyes. Tenchi held her close and whispered "I'm 
not going to fight you..." Ryoko looked up at him, and sobbed a little more. She 
stepped away from him and drew her energy sword. Tenchi gave her a quizical 
look.

"Bye Tenchi...take care of everyone..." Ryoko said has she plunged the sword 
into her. She slumped to the floor, blood pooling around where the sword had 
punctured her chest. "I love...you.." she mumbled before her eyes slipped shut. 
The blood continued to ooze out has the deafening pain drowned out Tenchi and 
Washu's frantic crys. 

Washu's hands clenched into fists has she turned to face Tokimi and give her a 
beating she'd not soon forget. But she had disappeared, leaving a pile of dust 
where she had been. "Tokimi! I''ll kill you for what you've done to my 
daughter..." Washu shouted, and a tear trickled down her cheek. Tsunami walked 
over to comfort her sister.

"Washu..please don't cry. We can always confront Tokimi to get Ryoko's soul 
back, can't we?" Tsunami said quietly and stared out into space. "Don't lose 
hope."

Back down in the arena, Tenchi held Ryoko's soul-ridden body tight. He was 
sobbing freely, and didnt give a crap who or what heard him. He gazed into her 
eyes, hoping, wishing she would gaze back. Her eyes just stared out into space, 
an eery incandascence emenating from her still body. "Please don't leave 
me.....don't leave me here!!" He slammed his fist into the ground. Washu 
appeared next to him, her own expression still that of rage. 

"Tenchi. We're going to get Ryoko back. Now." Washu said and lifted Tenchi up 
away from Ryoko. "Hold on to something." Washu said has she teleported them to 
Tokimi's lair. Tenchi looked around, realizing that whoever lived her was 
definately living the good life. The whole room was cut from white marble, with 
crystal windows adorning some walls. 

"TOKIMI!! Get out here!" Washu shouted. To her frustration, only D3 appeared.

"I'm sorry but you'll need an appointment.." D3 said non-chalantly. He hadn't 
seen who he was talking to yet. Washu walked up to him and hefted him up by his 
collar. 

"Take me to Tokimi NOW! Before I decide your not worth my time!" Washu began to 
shake him around wildly. She had almost given him whiplash when Tokimi appeared 
behind her.

"So sister, what is it you have come for? The girl's soul?" Tokimi grinned 
knowingly. She tapped her forehead and laughed.

"Give me my daughter back!" Washu yelled and the air around her started to heat 
up.

"Daughter? Was she ever really your daughter? You never raised her at all, 
instead you let her sit in the darkness for hundreds of years. Yes your a real 
mother, Washu." Tokimi continued in her arrogant tone. "She's not even a 
biological daughter! She was just created by you, that's it." Tokimi laughed. 
"Besides, she doesn't even love you has a mother." The last remark sent sparks 
flying from Washu.  She slammed into Tokimi, sending both fighters flying 
through the wall.

"Don't..you..dare..say..that..AGAIN!" Washu screamed has she kicked Tokimi in 
the face. Tokimi turned to face Washu and laughed, unharmed by Washu's strikes.

"Sister, you don't realize that your not a goddess anymore. You can't win." 
Tokimi said. She opened her palm and a burst of winds sent Washu sprawling into 
the wall, leaving several cracks where she had hit. Energy rings closed around 
her, pinning her to the spot. Tokimi walked up to her, smirking. "Tsk Tsk. Oh 
well, now its time for your little friend to be defeated..." 

Tokimi teleported back to where Tenchi was standing, shocked at what had 
happened. "Listen up, kid. I'll make you a deal. We will fight, until death or I 
admit defeat, since I can't die. If you win, I'll help you find your precious 
Ryoko." She tapped her temple again. "I won't look into the future, you have my 
word on this. But if you do lose, you will still get to see Ryoko....but you too 
will be soul-ridden. You would face eternal damnation with her, like she is now. 
Is that all clear to you?" 

Tenchi nodded, but stopped. "Wait...I thought you had Ryoko's soul?" 

Tokimi sighed. "Mortals...why must they be so stupid. Anyway, Her soul is in a 
seperate plane, one that only I can make a portal to. Kagato is not in that 
plane, he is in whatever plane Tsunami sent him to. Does that clear things up?" 
Tokimi tapped her foot impatiently again. 

She frowned at Tenchi. "Of course if you think the risks are too great..." She 
stopped when she heard the Tenchi-ken ignite. "Well then, prepare to face 
eternal damnation." Tokimi created her own energy sword.

Tokimi started off strong, teleporting behind Tenchi and kicking him in the back 
of the head. She laughed has he slumped to the ground, "That's all you got?" She 
said, then disappeared. Tenchi stood up slowly, and looked around wildly. He 
summoned the Lighthawk wings and began to move deeper into her chamber. He heard 
a small muffled cry and turned, combat ready. His eyes widened when he saw Washu 
pinned to the wall by glowing energy rings. "Washu!?" Tenchi shouted has he ran 
over and sliced through the rings with the Tenchi-ken. "What happened?"

Washu sighed. "She got the best of me...now go defeat her already!" Washu said 
sternly and pointed to a hole in the wall. "Get going." 

Tenchi nodded and ran off deeper into Tokimi's palace. Too bad he didn't notice 
Tokimi watching him the whole time, ne? There she floated behind him, her sword 
raised for a vertical cut, ready to slice Tenchi down the middle. Tenchi heard a 
slight noise behind him, and was just barely able to deflect her attack with the 
Tenchi-ken. A horrible fight ensued from there on, lasting several hours. At 
first Tenchi was holding his own, but has the fight went on he became worn out, 
growing weaker. Towards the end, Tenchi was hit by Tokimi, her energy sword 
stabbing through his chest. He lie there, barely concious.

"Too bad boy, your soul is mine now..." Tokimi said has she raised her hand 
towards him. She heard a moan, and stopped. To her surprise, the boy stood, 
covered in his own blood, and slipped back into the Jurain swordfighting stance. 
Tokimi's eyes widened. "You....still wish to continue this fight?" Tokimi said 
in utter disbelief. "Wouldnt you rather have me end your pain, right now?"

Tenchi frowned "Never...I'm not going to stop this fight until I win....or die 
trying." He raised his sword for another futile strike, but Tokimi's forcefield 
deflected it.

"I...dont believe it." Tokimi said, bowing to Tenchi. "Your sheer determination 
is astounding. You truly deserve that girl, her daughter" Tokimi said, pointing 
to Washu. Washu's eyes widened, she couldn't believe Tokimi was going to spare 
Tenchi. "But...you must promise me one, last request. Before I let you go after 
her, you must promise this, that if you ever have a child, you will never use 
the child for an evil intention or allow others to do so. That was the whole 
purpose of this anyway......" Tokimi looked away from the boy's still raging 
glare.

Tenchi's eyes widened. "You...you really think that our child would be evil?" 
Tenchi stepped back for a moment.

"Well, power can contort the minds of those who have it in great quantities. Now 
Tenchi, do you swear on your life, her life, and your whole families life, that 
you shan't let the child be used for evil purposes?" Tokimi's cloak swirled 
around her has she said this.

Tenchi nodded. "I swear it. Now, where is my Ryoko?"

"In here..the plane of hate...my plane." Tsunami explained has she created a 
small portal.
~~~End Flashback~~~

So now it was up to him, Tenchi Masaki, to save his beloved. And damn, he was 
determined to do so.

Authors Notes: Wow. Cliff hanger. Oh well. Episode 8 will come out soon enough, 
now that school break is coming. Cya guys later! (cough REVIEW cough AUTHOR 
ALERT cough) Read on for a preview

Preview of Next Episode: No Need for Tenchi!
 Tenchi is traveling through the plane of hate, but it's residents don't exactly 
approve of him. When he does find Ryoko, can he save himself from being killed 
not only by the spirits, but by his own love? Unfortunetely, Ryoko doesnt know 
its Tenchi...which leads to bad things....
