No Need for a Deathmatch!
    
    <No..this isnt happening..it can't be! Now we both will die..and the last 
thing that ever happened between us was an arguement...> A tear dripped down 
Ryoko's cheek. <No! We won't die! It won't end like this!> She balled her hands 
up into fists. The planet Syrus was just in view has she received a 
transmission...from Nagi.
   
 "Well Ryoko, this is what it's come to. Falling for that boy will mean your 
death, and his. Your nothing but a soft little girl now." Nagi sneered at Ryoko

    "SHUTUP!" Ryoko screamed at the bounty hunter. She ordered Ryo-oki to end 
the transmission...
     
   Meanwhile, Tenchi was waking. <Where am I??> He felt that his hands and feet 
were bound. He opened his eyes to see Nagi's face, scowling back at him. She 
brought back her hand and slapped him.

  "Stupid boy...you've made her weak. She's no challenge now. I wonder what 
Ryoko could see in a stupid boy like you." She smirked at him.

  "Ryoko!? Where is she!? If you hurt her I swear I will kill you Nagi!" Tenchi 
hissed through bared teeth.

  "Your little girl is over there, in her ship. We are about to finish this 
little game once and for all. She wins, you both leave. She loses..well you and 
her still leave..in a coffin. Dead." She laughed and slapped Tenchi again.

  "You bitch!" Tenchi screamed has he struggled against his restraints.

   "What did you just call me?" Nagi sneered back at him. Gave him a quick punch 
to the stomach and knocked the air out of him. 

   "You..heard..me..........bitch.." he gasped

    "I don't have time for your wise cracks, little boy. It's time to go see 
Ryoko...for the last time" She grinned evilly at him and cracked her whip at him 
a few times. Each crack produced another cut across his face. Tenchi hung his 
head and began to bleed quietly.

    "Now Ken-ohki! Bring us down!" Nagi ordered has she roughly threw Tenchi to 
the floor. <No...Ryoko....just get away while you still can...> Tenchi thought 
has he was hauled out of the Ken-ohki and thrown into the dirt. He saw his new 
surroundings through a shade of red. There wasnt much to see, it was just a 
barren wasteland full of sand. Tenchi fell limp has he passed out from the loss 
of blood...his last consious thought was...."Ryoko..get..out".

     "Ryo-oki, I have to do this, you can't stop me. Got it?" Ryo-oki nodded and 
mewed sadly.

     "Take care of Sasami the others for me..." Ryoko said and wiped a tear from 
her eye. <Goodbye, my friends...> she thought has she Ryo-ohki beamed her down 
to Syrus, down to hell and her death..
   
     "So Ryoko you decided to show. I'm surprised you didn't run at the last 
second like before. Oh yeah wait, I forgot about your little playmate. You 
wouldn't leave him would you?" She cackled has she kicked Tenchi once causing 
him to yelp in pain. 
  
    "Ryoko....go....leave.....now..." Tenchi began to convulse violently has 
Nagi zapped him with her rapier.

      "Tenchi!!" Ryoko screamed has Tenchi fell limp once again. She gave Nagi a 
look that so cold and unforgiving it was almost uncharacteristic even of her. 
"Now Nagi. You die." she said coldly. A soft pop emitted has her energy sword 
flashed into existance. Nagi grinned and threw off her cape. Ryoko snarled and 
leapt at Nagi. She thrust at her with her sword, which Nagi deflected easily. 
Ryoko fazed out and then back in behind Nagi and summoned up all the energy she 
could muster and launched it at her. Nagi laughed has she fired a blast of her 
own at Ryoko. They both hit midway and exploded, causing dust to fly everywhere. 
Coughing, Ryoko stumbled and hit the ground.

        "Ryoko do you like pain?" Nagi said from behind her. Nagi stomped on her 
leg, and a sickening snap was heard. Ryoko screamed in pain has she feebly tried 
to use her good (not broken) leg to kick Nagi off of her. Nagi laughed hellishly 
has she pulled Ryoko up and flung her another ten feet away, near Tenchi. She 
sat Ryoko up and stared her in the face. "I've won, you can't fight anymore, not 
with that leg. Now, your going to watch the boy die." Nagi grinned evilly and 
walked over to where Tenchi was lying, frozen in horror. She pointed her rapier 
at him. "Say goodbye to him while you can Ryoko!" Nagi shouted has she pulled 
back her rapier for the kill. 

       "NO!!!" Ryoko screamed has she pushed Tenchi out of the way. The rapier 
slid into Ryoko's midsection. Ryoko gasped has Nagi pulled the rapier out of 
her.

       "Stupid whore..." Nagi spat has she kicked Ryoko in the side over and 
over...

      Everything was dizzy, Tenchi couldn't figure out what was what. He heard 
voices, fuzzy at first but they grew clearer. The sudden realization of what was 
happened scared the sense back into him. He looked over to his side and saw 
Ryoko, sprawled on the ground and bleeding. He saw another figure, Nagi he 
guessed, standing above her smiling triumphantly. He saw Nagi kick Ryoko, and 
Ryoko spit up blood. Ryoko looked over to Tenchi and saw he was awake. Tears 
came to her eyes has she silently pleaded with him to leave. Tenchi's eyes 
flared. He stood up and threw himself onto Nagi, weakly trying to beat her away 
from Ryoko. Nagi grinned and retaliated with a huge uppercut to the chin, which 
sent him sprawled to the ground...but miraculously, Tenchi got up again and 
resumed fighting stance...

    <No! Go away Tenchi! Please..dont let him see me like this...> Ryoko thought 
in horror has she watched Nagi and Tenchi fight, a fight that she thought would 
certainly be his end. 

    <Ouch.....she hits pretty hard..> Tenchi thought has he barely dodged one of 
Nagi's thrusts with her rapier. He wasn't so lucky next time, she flew a kick at 
him which sent him flying 20 feet back and into a large boulder. Nagi grinned 
and fired a small energy blast at the boulder which shattered it all over 
Tenchi. Ryoko screamed, unable to cope that this was Tenchi's end...

    <What a bore this has all been! Ryoko and that little fool barely touched 
me!> Nagi thought arrogantly has she walked towards the pile of rubble. 
Suddenly, the rocks moved. <Can't be...> A few more rocks tumbled out of place. 
<NO WAY!> Nagi thought has she sent a huge energy blast back into the rubble. 
There was a huge cloud of dust, but that still didn't hide the three glowing 
blue shapes. The dust cleared and Tenchi stood resolute, clad in a white 
uniform. 

    "Now, you shall pay for the suffering you've inflicted upon her" he said 
coldly. With relative ease he changed the one of the wings into a giant sword 
almost has tall has he was. They both stood, sizing eachother up. Then, they 
charged. There was a huge white flash has both their blows connected. In the 
end, both fighters still stood. Tenchi looked down to his stomach and noticed a 
medium sized hole. He gaped in surprise has it miraculously healed 
automatically. He turned to face Nagi. She turned too, but didn't attack. 
Instead she dropped her rapier to the ground. She touched her side, which blood 
was dripping freely from. 

     "You've won, boy. I underestimated you, you are clearly a superior 
fighter...now go. Take your woman and leave.." Nagi muttered has she collapsed 
to the ground.

     "Rest in peace Nagi..." Tenchi said has he fired a huge energy blast at 
her. When the smoke cleared, Nagi was dead. Tenchi said a quick prayer for her 
and ran back to Ryoko.

     "Ryoko...please don't die Ryoko..." Tenchi pleaded has he held Ryoko's 
hand. "Ryo-oki! Cmon we have to get back to Washu!" Tenchi shouted. In the 
distance, he could see the ship hurtling towards him at a frantic speed.

      "Miya!"

     Ryo-oki brought them aboard and began speeding back to Earth. Tenchi 
silently kept watch over Ryoko. He shook her gently, pleading for her to wake 
up. It wasn't working. "Please Ryoko..wake up...don't die..". He'd noticed most 
of her wounds had stopped bleeding, which was a good thing.

     Ryoko was fighting to stay alive. She was reeling from the blows Nagi had 
inflicted, she'd figured that she had a couple broken ribs to go along with the 
hole in her stomach and her broken leg. Slowly, she was regaining consiousness. 
<Where am I> she thought has she opened her eyes. She was back aboard the Ryo-
oki. She looked around and saw Tenchi lying next to her, praying. 

      "Tenchi...."

       Tenchi opened his eyes, and tears of joy began to drip down his cheek. 
"Ryoko! Your alive!" Tenchi gasped. 

       "Tenchi..what happened...?"  Ryoko asked has she feebly tried to sit up. 
The pain in her leg and in her side was horrible. She moaned and lie back down.

       "Ryoko just wait a second, I'll tell you..here hold on.." Tenchi gently 
picked her up and carried her over to the wall. He lied her back against the 
wall. "More comfortable?" he asked.

       "Yes..thank you Tenchi.."

        Tenchi sat down beside her. He noticed she was shivering so he wrapped 
his arm around her shoulder. "It's ok now, everything is alright. Nagi...is 
dead."

       Ryoko's eyes widened. "How??"

       "I fought her..and won. I created the lighthawk wings." Tenchi explained.

       "The lighthawk wings..? Oh yes, I remember those from the other 
dimension..."

       "It's a good thing the dimensions merged, otherwise....." Tenchi started 
but was cut off by Ryoko.
     
  "Tenchi..about..last night..."

       "Ryoko I know. I was a fool. Im extremely sorry...gomen nasai.." He said 
and bowed.

       "No..its my fault too..I was too demanding..." she burst into tears. "It 
was horrible...I thought that that was the last time I would ever see you 
again....and I didn't even get to apologize.." she buried her head in his chest 
and wept. Tenchi cradled her and lifted her chin to meet his gaze.

       "It's ok now Ryoko. Nagi will never bother us again...no one will ever 
come between us. Ever." He promised. He reached over and dried her tears. "We'll 
be arriving at Earth soon...don't worry Washu will help you. When your all 
better, how bout we go on that date? Like I promised?" His old smile was 
returning. "hmm?"

       " That would be wonderful, my Tenchi." she sighed "Ryo-oki, how much 
longer till we arrive home?" 

       "Miya! Miya miya!"

       "Well be home in 3-4 hours...Ryo-oki was damaged from the windstorms on 
the Syrus. She's not flying has fast has she could." Ryoko translated. Ryoko 
grinned at the thought of what Ryo-oki had REALLY said.
       
"Well in that case, why dont we go to sleep for awhile?" Tenchi said, holding 
Ryoko closer. "I am still dead tired from all that fighting, Nagi didn't 
really..let me sleep" he finished bluntly.
      
"Sure...hold on a second..can you bring me over to the control panel?" she asked 
feebly. Tenchi nodded and carried her over to the control panel. Ryoko tapped a 
few buttons, and a small futon appeared on the floor.
     
 "There, that should be more comfortable." Ryoko said has Tenchi carried her 
over to the futon and gently layed her down. Tenchi lay down on the floor next 
to the futon. Ryoko noticed him moving around alot so she figured he must have 
been uncomfortable.
   
   "Umm...Tenchi...we can share the futon you know...you don't have to sleep on 
the floor." Ryoko said quietly, scooting over.
     
 "Well, if you don't mind..."
    
  "Of course not Tenchi...it would really help me sleep better anyway knowing 
that you were with me.." She said and smiled at Tenchi. "Don't worry, I won't 
bite"
   
   Tenchi grinned, and moved onto the futon. (AN: No this isn't a lemon..)
      "This beats the floor..." Tenchi said. He shifted around to face Ryoko.
      
"Tenchi....will you hold me?" Ryoko asked, her golden eyes gazing into his.
      
"Well...sure..." he said and wrapped one arm around her.
   
   "Thank you Tenchi..." she said and drifted into a deep sleep. Tenchi leaned 
of her and kissed her on the cheek.
    
  "Goodnight, my Ryoko..." he said before he himself fell asleep. They both 
slept peacefully has the stars shot by them while Ryo-oki began it's trek to 
Earth.

Author's Notes: Well that's it! So, how did I do on the fight scene? Decent 
hopefully? Anyway, the next few episodes will be about the upcoming war of the 
goddesses, like I said. And from now on, I won't be using "the other dimension" 
and stuff like that to fill in for stuff that happened in other series. I wont 
have to explain etc. I mean if they were shown their exact memories, they all 
should know. Read on for a preview.

Next Episode-
   Tsunami's first appearence! Tsunami shows up and informs everyone of the 
upcoming war of the goddesses. Washu finds out she was a goddess, and Tokimi 
begins to train her avatar. Also, Tsunami and Washu must pick their own avatars 
to fight. Who will they pick? Read the next episode and find out!
No Need for Goddesses!
    