Ohayo Tenchi!
A Tenchi Muyo!/Universe mix continuation series written by Nick at 
Tenchi316@aol.com. Now for all the boring copyright stuff. I DON'T OWN ANY OF 
THESE CHARACTERS. I'm just writing about them. 
Authors Note: From now on, my inane little comments will be marked (AN: yada 
yada yada whatever). By the way, I hope you guys respond to these fics! Email Me 
at Tenchi316@aol.com!!! Tell me what you think for cryin out loud! Oh yeah. 
Anyway, the story will actually begin to draw more on the crossover elements. 
Although I dont exactly like to think of this has a cross over, i mean it could 
happen with all 3 dimensions colliding. I guess its a grand finale that ties all 
the Tenchiverses together.  By the way, this is not gonna be some short 3 fic 
series, I got big plans. This is my first set of fics I have wrote, i have 
gotten decent feedback from friends. This fic series will probably be 20-25 fics 
each the length that they've been so far. I know my first 2 fics havent been in 
much depth, and I apoligize. (Well atleast it seems that way to me). So please, 
send me some feedback, I'd really appreciate it! PS> More you send, more I 
write. I even appreciate flames..as long as they are civil and explain whats 
wrong.

No Need for an apology!
It was nighttime when the Masaki household sat down for dinner. As usual, dinner 
was served by Sasami and it was delicious. Everyone was digging in despite the 
recent happenings. Ryoko and Washu were especially social. 

"Wow Sasami this is the best meal I've ever had!" Washu proclaimed with a big 
grin

"When is it not?" complimented Ryoko beaming a smile at Sasami.

"Take that back Ryoko!" Aeka yelled slamming her chopsticks down on the table 
and snapping them in half.

"Aeka I dont think that was an insult..." Tenchi said calmly. He was not his 
usual self, as the day's earlier events were still fresh in his mind. "That was 
a compliment ya know." he added.

"What do you mean Lord Tenchi? Ryoko? Say something nice? Much less COMPLIMENT 
someone? Oh please its unheard of. Impossible." Aeka retorted. She gave Ryoko a 
glare and went back to eating her dinner.

Ryoko sighed, and continued eating. She was too exhausted to argue with her now.

 Aeka noticed this and smiled "What's a matter Ryoko? No witty comeback this 
time?" she said then burst into fits of laughter.
     T<This is getting old really fast, I just want to eat dinner quietly for 
once..>Tenchi thought. He picked and played with his food, noticably frustrated.
   
    "What's a matter Tenchi you don't like your dinner? Tenchi?" Sasami asked. 
Everyone stopped eating stared at Tenchi. He wished they would stop, it was 
starting to bug him out. But they continued to stare and stare and stare. The 
past days events were replaying in his mind the resent, the remorse, and the 
hate. 
       There comes a time in some men's life where his frustrations are too 
much. Instead of resolving them, he pulls out an M-16 and destroys everything in 
sight. Or in Tenchi's case....
      "Thats it! I cant take it anymore! Just leave me alone!" He yelled and ran 
up to his room. He slammed the door shut and threw himself on his bed. He stared 
up at the ceiling and comtemplated what had been happening. He wondered why he 
couldnt have a normal life. When he had finally warmed up to Ryoko who had loved 
him for months, she decided she didn't want him anymore. He decided he'd take a 
nap to ease the frustration of it all, and he fell into a deep sleep. He had a 
dream, a nightmare. He had finally admitted that he was in love with Ryoko, but 
instead she just flew off in Ryo-oki, not even caring anymore. Then, a giant 
Ryo-oki fell from the sky and hammered him into the ground like a rail road 
spike. He woke up after that, muttering incoherantly and staring at the ceiling.
       Everyone was shocked at the sudden outburst.  "Now look what you did 
Aeka!" Ryoko shouted. She had had it with Aeka's recent bitchy attitude. <That 
peice of shit! I hadn't said anything to her all night and now she manages to 
piss Tenchi off!! Bitch!> she thought furiously. She stood up and fazed out of 
the room and up to the rafters.
       Mihoshi and Kiyone stood up "Well, we're done eating so I guess we'll 
just be leaving now..." Kiyone said, creeping away from the dinner table, 
Mihoshi not far behind.
        One by one, everyone left the dinner table until just Aeka and Sasami 
were left sitting there. "Aeka why did you have to be so mean to Ryoko? She 
didn't do anything to you tonight. Why can't you both just be friends?" she 
said, and stood up. She was on the verge of tears. "Why cant you just be friends 
like everyone else??" she asked her sister. 
         "Sasami, Im sorry. I acted rudely and I am ashamed of it. I will go 
apologize to Tenchi right now" she said, getting up from the table.
          "Aeka go say sorry to Ryoko. You owe it to her. I'll apologize to 
Tenchi." Sasami said stepping in front of her sister. Her brow was furrowed and 
her hands on her hips, a look of determination in her eyes. 
          "Sasami I'm sorry, but there's no way I can do that. Me and Ryoko go 
back too long for that." she said walking away. "I'll be in my room." with that, 
she walked up the stairs.
            Sasami sighed, and began cleaning up the dishes everyone left 
behind. She was only a little startled when Ryoko fazed in behind her.
               "Ryoko, I'm sorry for the things my sister said. I dont care if 
you accept her apology coming from me, but please dont retaliate. It will only 
make things worse." Sasami blurted out.
           Ryoko let loose a long sigh. "Dont worry about it Sasami. I wasn't 
planning on doing anything to get her back , I'm still too tired for that now 
anyway." she said and sat down at the table. "Sorry for ruining dinner Sasami."
          "It's ok Ryoko!" She said, her usual cheery smile returning. "Ryoko, 
can you please help me with the dishes? Nobody bothered to help tonight." she 
said.
           Ryoko was about to refuse, but she saw the tired look in Sasami's 
eyes. She realized that her and Aeka's fights were taking a toll on the little 
girl. She'd noticed it for awhile now, Sasami becoming a little more tired each 
day. "Sasami, why dont you go to bed, I'll take care of the dishes tonight ok?"
           Sasami jumped and hugged Ryoko "Thanks Ryoko your the best!" she 
cried happily.
         "Yeah I know, I know." She said grinning. "You get a good night's 
sleep, you've been tired lately, I could tell. Go on get to bed." she said.
         "Ok. Thanks again Ryoko!" she said before trotting upstairs. She 
changed into her sleepwear and practically collapsed onto her futon. Ryo-oki 
joined her and they both fell into a deep slumber, with periodic miya's from 
Ryo-oki.
          Back downstairs, Ryoko was proud of what she did. <Hey this isn't so 
bad> she thought as she ferried the load of dishes over to the sink. She was so 
busy scrubbing and cleaning she hadn't noticed Tenchi was watching her.
         "Hey Ryoko what are you doing up so late? It's almost 10:30." Tenchi 
asked, stepping next to her and giving her a hand with the dishes.
         Ryoko practically fell backwards when she noticed Tenchi. She cursed 
herself for not sensing him earlier. "*Sweat drop* Oh I was just doing the 
dishes for Sasami and lost track of time. Hey what are you doing down here 
anyway? she asked nervously. <Wow I've been down here for a long time..I still 
cant believe I didnt sense him! Stupid!> she thought.
          "*Bigger sweatdrop* Um, nothing, nothing at all. I just came down 
to..umm...help Sasami with the dishes...but she's not here and your almost done. 
so..I'll just be going back upstairs now" he said, managing an extremely fake 
smile. "Anyway, good night Ryoko" he said and began to slip off towards the 
stairs. He was about halfway up the stairs when Ryoko materialized in front of 
him. 
            "Tenchi...gomen nasai." She said bowing. "I was wrong to treat you 
so coldly, especially after you took care of me like that."
             Tenchi was a bit shocked that she wasn't going to kill, maim, or 
slap him right then and there. "Uh, that's ok Ryoko. Why were you upset anyway?" 
he replied feebly.
             "Dont worry about that, you'll find out soon enough." she said, 
smiling. "Nobody has ever done that for me before Tenchi. Not ever." she 
continued, her normal mischievious grin returning. "Thanks Tenchi!!" she said 
and gave him a bonecrushing hug that would have even made Misaki tremble. 
       "Umm..Ryoko..if you're gonna hug me, please not so tight. My shoulders 
are cracking.." Tenchi gasped his face turning red.
        "Oh. Ok. Hey what's wrong Tenchi?" she said, noticing the discomfort 
written all over his face.
         "I just dont want to wake everyone up thats all." he replied. He hugged 
her back. This made Ryoko's face go crimson.  "Umm..Tenchi?" Ryoko said.
         "Yeah?"
         "Umm...nevermind." she said, deciding not to interrupt the moment.
        <I guess this might be a good time to tell her..while Aeka isn't up and 
about..and there's no psycho with rocket launchers to jump out of the shadows 
and give me a concussion..> he thought, remembering the events from the mansion. 
<After all, I never gave her my answer.>
         "Oh ok. Hey can we have a little talk? While no one is awake to 
interrupt us?" he asked. <Or eavesdrop..> he thought, thinking of Nobuyuki.
          "Sure Tenchi!" she said and teleported them into Tenchi's bedroom onto 
his bed.
          "No Ryoko not THAT kind of talk." said Tenchi pointedly. "The family 
room would be fine." he added.
           "Oh. Ok." she said, a little disapointed.
        (One teleport later)
         Ryoko flopped down on the cough and sighed. "So what did you want to 
talk about Tenchi?"
        "Well theres something I wanted to tell you..." he said nervously, but 
stopped.
          Ryoko's face lit up. "Yes?" she said excited, she could only hope what 
he was about to say.
        <Damn this is harder then I thought it was going to be!> he thought.               
"Umm...Ryoko...I..I..." Tenchi started but was interrupted by a shouting and 
screaming Aeka. She was dead set on killing Ryoko after hearing what Tenchi was 
saying. She could guess what he was trying to confess, and she blamed Ryoko for 
it.            
        She had been going downstairs for a late night snack when she saw Tenchi 
and Ryoko.  With help from the guardians, she had hidden up in the rafters and 
spied on them. She almost lost it when Tenchi hugged Ryoko, but hearing him 
about to confess had drove her ballistic.
       "Ryoko how DARE you seduce Lord Tenchi! You shall pay for your mistakes!" 
she screamed, tears running down her face. Ryoko was completely unaware of this 
attack so she didnt stand much of a chance has the two guardians slammed her 
back through the wall like a rag doll. She yelped in pain and slumped to the 
floor.
          "RYOKO!!" Tenchi shouted and ran over to Ryoko's side. She was almost 
unconcious, her eyes flickering open and shut. 
"Aeka...what...have...you...done......" he said, his voice trembling with rage. 
By now the whole house was downstairs to see what the ruckus was about. Sasami 
was shocked and apaled at what her sister had done. She too, ran over to Ryoko. 
"Ryoko! Ryoko! Are you ok? Ryoko say something!" she cried. Ryoko momentarily 
regained consiousness and managed a weak smile and a thumbs up, then slipped off 
into complete unconsiousness. 
        "Aeka! NEVER EVER DO THAT AGAIN!!!" he screamed at her.
        "Lord Tenchi....I'm sorry.." she whimpered. She faltered and ran 
upstairs crying.
         <I guess I was a little too hard on her...but she was wrong to do that. 
Still, I slipped off the handle on that one. Better apologize later...> Tenchi 
thought. 
         Sasami ran to the kitchen to fetch some water. She splashed a little of 
it onto Ryoko's face. A few moments later she was concious again.
          "What'd I miss?" Ryoko asked drowsily
          "Relax. Nothing happened." Tenchi said soothingly. "Are you alright? 
That must have hurt alot." he said concernedly.
            "Me? I'm fine I guess." she said, brushing herself off.
           Washu had been watching all of this with great interest <Now I know 
for sure who Tenchi loves, and the best part is, it's Ryoko! I always thought 
they were perfect for another, after all oposites attract!> she thought smiling. 
            Clearing her throat, she made her announcement "Since we're all 
awake, I will demonstrate my newest invention. Everyone, follow me to the lab 
please." she said, then walked over to the lab with a flourish. Everyone 
followed her down to the lab, with an absense of Aeka. As they neared the 
deepest depths of the lab, Washu stopped suddenly and pointed at what looked 
like a large machine with a tube connected to a tricked out helmet. She quickly 
explained the dimension merge to the group, and why Ryoko and herself had side 
effects from the Dimensional tuner. As usual Mihoshi couldnt figure out what the 
heck she was talking about. One by one, everyone went up. Finally, it was 
Ryoko's turn. She glanced at Washu knowingly and decided to try out the new 
link. <So this is how I use the link?> she thought. Washu nodded the 
affirmitive. Ryoko was taken through some considerably better memories. She 
especially liked her date with Tenchi (AN: in Shin Tenchi/Tenchi in Tokyo) . 
But, eventually, it ended. She stepped down from the platform, and turned to 
face Tenchi. "Your turn Tenchi" she said and walked away slowly.  Washu nodded. 
          Tenchi began the memory process. At first he was extremely confused, 
because he was reliving Ryoko's life. He figured out that it was in fact Ryoko's 
life when he saw himself, through Ryoko's eyes. The rest of her memories began 
playing before him.  He finally realized how she felt and how cruel he'd been to 
her at certain times.. He also gained a sympathy for her, he had never guessed 
the kind of pain and sorrow she'd been through. Then he came to the part where 
he saw himself, slightly older, kissing a black haired girl. <Ouch...that must 
be why she was pissed at me. She did see these before everyone else, without 
knowing they were memories....> he thought. Shortly after,  Ryoko's memories 
came to the present time and life started again only this time, he was reliving 
his own life. He remembered the cave and his mother, who died when he was still 
young. He remembered everything, including the light hawk wings. <Hey that could 
come in handy with the yardwork...> he thought observing the way the other 
Tenchi was transforming them into swords etc. at will. He ran through the rest 
of his memories and what seemed like an eternity, ended. "Welcome back Tenchi! 
How was it? Washu asked.
              "It was....educational." He said glancing at Ryoko. Washu smiled 
at him. "Education is a good thing! Glad I could be of help Tenchi. I have some 
lectures you may want to listen to lat-" she replied.
              "No! Erhm, I mean no thanks Miss Washu. I..have plans for later. 
I'm going to...uhh....school! Yeah I'm going to school for..nightschool. Yeah 
I'm going to night school because I think the theory of ..uhh...spontaneous 
generation is sooooo interesting" Tenchi replied, with a big cheesy smile, 
almost as cheesy as those cheesy poofs Cartman is always stuffin himself on.
           "Yes, spontaneous generation is one of my favorites!" Washu said in 
her cutesy voice.
           Ryoko frowned. <Ease up on him, he already has plans mom>  she 
thought to Washu.
              Washu heard Ryoko's message and frowned. <Oh well, another time> 
she thought and grinned. "Well, I guess you guys better be leaving now, I got 
work to do." She turned around and with a snap of her fingers, a door to a 
seperate part of her giant laboratory opened. "Cya later guys" she said, and 
stepped through. The interdimensional shut with a buzz as she walked through. 
Ryoko noticed a small peice of paper fluttering to the ground. She picked it up 
and opened it, it read "You go Little Ryoko! From Mom".  <Nice note Mom. 
Scccaaarrryyy> she thought grinning.  she said, a determined grin on her face. 
Floated over to the door and grinned happily. She fazed out of existence and 
back into existance in Tenchi's room. Unfortunetely, she *just happened* to drop 
in when Tenchi was..a little emotional. There he was, sitting on his bed with a 
small bottle of sake and a saucer (NA: ..that little bastard he wouldnt give me 
any...). He was apparently to interested at staring at the ceiling and mumbling 
incoherant things to notice her. She decided this could be a good thing.
        "Ohayo Tenchi!!" she said and glomped onto him without warning. This in 
turn, caused him to spit out the sake he'd just been drinking all over the wall. 
"Ryoko!?!?" he yelled, his face was pretty flushed, so Ryoko could guess he was 
still kinda out of it (NA: Kind of??? He's foaming at the mouth!Someone call the 
police!)
        "So this is what you do in your free time. Sit around and drink sake." 
Ryoko said sarcastically.
         Tenchi gave her a queer look "No I don't really do this often. I'm just 
stressed tonight that's all" he said glumly. 
         Ryoko began to draw circles on his chest with her finger. "What's wrong 
my Tenchi?" she asked innocently. "Did that nasty Aeka do something horrible?" 
she asked in her most innocent voice. 
         Tenchi sighed. His sympathy for Ryoko was beginning to give him a 
headache...or maybe that was from the sake.., he didnt know. <How horrible it 
must have been to have been locked up in that dark cave for such a long time. It 
was so painful to her to see him with that girl Sakuya. Then to get knocked 
through a wall by floating logs. This is just not her day> he thought and 
sighed. He drank a little more sake. Ryoko gave him a quizzical look, then asked 
"I dont suppose you'd mind If I had some?"
        "Wouldnt that be an indirect form of kissing?" he asked, a grin forming.
        They both laughed as they remembered that one scene from one of the 
other dimensions (AN: With Zero Ryoko and Tenchi in the Muyo series..). Tenchi 
smiled and said "Be my guest I don't mind, I've had enough now anyway. I don't 
want a huge hangover."
            Ryoko took a sip of sake and smiled "Thanks, I needed that. My 
fellow Ryokos had a hard time in the other dimensions." she said and smiled.
              "I know, for some reason I saw your memories and mine. Is that why 
you were angry? And I wonder why I saw your memories, do you know?" Tenchi asked 
<Washu probably planned it. Oh well nothing I can do about it now> he thought.
              " Yeah, thats why I was upset earlier. And for your second 
question...hmm I have no idea" she lied. "Well....ok. I guess I DO know how that 
happened." she said guiltily.
                "Oh really? How then?" Tenchi was only slightly surprised Ryoko 
had arranged it, but was even more surprised that she'd confessed. <Maybe she's 
changing> he thought happily.
               "Washu came up with the idea, she figured she'd help me out a 
little. I mean, I am her "daughter" in one of the other dimensions. She offered 
to show me your memories...but I refused. I didnt care if she showed you mine, 
so I gave her consent. Your not mad at me are you?" she confessed.
               "Mad? Hardly. Just happy, after all if this happened a couple 
months back I wouldn't have expected you to tell the truth." he said. "Hey Ryoko 
are you feeling alright? It's been atleast a whole hour since you've tried to 
seduce me." he added sarcastically.
           "Well, if you want me to I will." she said, giving Tenchi one of 
those evil grins.
          "Uhh...no thanks...I didn't mean it like that..." he said, 
sweatdropping.                          Ryoko sighed "Oh. Ok. So, what are you 
doing up here anyway?" she said
          "Relaxing. Trying to avoid stressing out. Thinking of the upcoming 
Halloween. That sort of stuff." he said and plopped back onto a pillow.
           "Halloween? What's that?" Ryoko asked curiously.
           "Oh it's when you give candy to kids dressed up all wierd. Not to 
mention try to hose down those brats that try to throw eggs and stuff at the 
shrine." he sighed.
           "Sounds fun..but I think I'll pass...." she said 
           Ryoko yawned and added "This has been a fun talk, but I guess I'll go 
back up to the rafters and go to bed, I'm still a little tired from all the 
stuff that's been happening around here." She stood up and started floating 
towards the door.
               A thought just occured to Tenchi <The rafters? Oh yeah I forgot, 
she doesn't have her own room. Hmm....> he thought.
                "Hey, Ryoko, you can stay in my bed if you want..I was going to 
take a walk and I figured the rafters must be pretty uncomfortable." he mumbled 
nervously.
                 Ryoko beamed him a smile and gave him a hug "Thanks Tenchi!" 
she said, glomping onto him once more.
                 Tenchi smiled and sighed, "Well I'll just be leaving now. Oh 
and Ryoko? Try to keep the sake thing a secret, Dad doesn't like me drinking the 
stuff. Ok?" he asked.
                Ryoko smiled and nodded. She fell backwards onto the bed and 
wrapped herself in the covers. "Goodnight, my Tenchi." She drifted into sleep 
shortly after she said the words. Tenchi began walking towards the door, but 
stopped. He turned around and took one last look at the sleeping Ryoko. <She's 
so innocent when she's asleep.> he thought. He opened the door and shut it as 
quietly as he could.
               Tenchi wandered downstairs and into the family room. He sat on 
the couch and contemplated. As every minute passed he became more and more 
drowsy, and eventually he fell into a dreamful sleep.
            "Tenchi!" Ryoko called out.
            "Ryoko?? What are you doing in my dreams??" Tenchi shouted over to 
Ryoko.
            "In the other dimensions I can make an "astral form" of myself. The 
Ryoko your talking to right now is sleeping aswell." she said as a matter of 
factly. "I was waiting for you to fall asleep! I've been waiting for a looong 
time! Anyway, isn't this great?" 
            Tenchi drifted over to Ryoko "I still don't get how this is 
happening, but yeah this is pretty cool!" he said excitedly. "Hey if this is a 
dream, that means we can do whatever we want right? he asked
           "I suppose we can." Ryoko replied.
           Tenchi decided to test his theory. He closed his eyes and held out 
his hand. In it, a cone of vanilla ice cream appeared. "Yeah! This is awesome!" 
Tenchi shouted. Ryoko closed her eyes and created her own ice cream. 
          "Hey this stuff's fake!" Tenchi shouted has his tongue passed through 
the ice cream. Ryoko laughed and clued him in on the fact that everything in the 
dreamworld is illusionary.
            "Oh. Hey check it out I'm flying too!" shouted Tenchi has he began 
flying around the dreamworld. He was going so fast he didnt notice the brick 
wall in front of him until it was too late to turn.
            "AHHHHHH HOW DO I STOP?!?" shouted Tenchi. Much to his relief, he 
passed straight through the wall. Ryoko giggled and followed after him.
            "Tenchi it's a good thing you can't fly in the physical plane. 
Otherwise the Masaki house would be short one male." Ryoko commented.
             "Oh thanks for the support Ryoko" Tenchi said sarcastically.
            "Hey Tenchi, where are you sleeping right now anyway? Did you find a 
spot?" Ryoko asked.
            "Im sleeping in Aeka's room of course!" Tenchi said
             "What!?!? What do you mean Aeka's room?? She's dead meat!" Ryoko 
shouted. 
            "Wait! I'm just kidding! I'm in the family room on the couch. 
Sometimes you can be so gullible Ryoko.." Tenchi said, a big sweatdrop forming. 
Ryoko was about to make a retort but there was a bright flash. Tenchi opened his 
eyes and realized he was back in the physical plane. The clock on the wall said 
it was 8:00am. <Wow, time sure does fly when your dreaming...> he thought. Ryoko 
fazed in next to him. Tenchi wasn't really surprised when she did, he'd gotten 
used to it now. 
             "Well, that was pretty funny." Ryoko commented. "Want to do it 
again tonight?" she asked.
              "Well...sure I guess. It was pretty fun." Tenchi replied
              Sasami had gotten up early to cook breakfast and had overheard 
their conversation. "Do what tonight Tenchi?" asked Sasami curiously.
              "*Big sweatdrop* What?? Sasami what are you doing up??" Tenchi 
said, starting to panic.
              "Nothing Sasami we just went on a walk that's all" said Ryoko 
trying to cover Tenchi's nervousness.
              "Oh ok. Don't let my sister know or she'll get really mad though. 
I don't know what's been going on with her lately, I talked to her last night 
but it doesn't seem to be helping" Sasami said. "Tenchi would you have a talk 
with her?" Sasami asked nicely.
              Tenchi glanced at Ryoko momentarily and noticed she was nodding. 
"Sure Sasami I don't see why not." Tenchi replied.
              "Thanks Tenchi! Your the best!" Sasami said excitedly as she gave 
him a hug. 
              An hour or two after breakfast, Tenchi slowly crept up the stairs 
to Aeka's room. He knocked softly on the door.
              "Come in" a soft voice replied from inside
               "Tenchi? What are you doing here?" Aeka asked politely, she was 
obviously in a better mood then she was last night.
               "Aeka, about last night...." Tenchi started but was interupted by 
Aeka.
               "Tenchi it's ok. I..just have one question to ask you.." Aeka 
said. <No I can't ask him...I couldn't bare it if he said no..but I must find 
out if I still have a chance at winning Lord Tenchi's heart..>
                "Yes Aeka?" Tenchi said
                "Tenchi...do you love....Ryoko?" she asked hesitantly.
                Tenchi was on the spot once again. <I do, but should I tell her? 
It would break her heart to know..> he pondered to himself.
                 "Tenchi, I just want an honest answer. Please Lord Tenchi." 
Aeka pleaded.
               "Yes Aeka, I've been in love with her for some time now, but 
havent realized it until a few days ago. Im sorry Aeka." Tenchi confessed. 
Aeka's face was a look of disdain
                "Thank you Tenchi..that was all I wanted to know...we will 
still..be friends...right?" Aeka said
               "Of course we will. So I guess you and Ryoko will be on even 
terms from now on?" asked Tenchi
               "Yes, I guess we will...I'll go talk to her now.." Aeka says 
listlessly as she goes out to find Ryoko. Aeka found Ryoko sitting outside, up 
on the roof. Ryoko frowned when she noticed Aeka below. "And what do you want?" 
she called down to her
                "Ryoko, I lost. Tenchi is yours, alls I ask of you now is to 
take care of him." Aeka said, bowing her head.
                 "What? Since when did this all happen??" Ryoko asked, surprised
                "I just had a talk with him, he admitted he loved you. Anyway, I 
think we should come to even terms then, we have nothing to fight over anymore. 
So, what do you say then?" Aeka asked
               "Well, I dont see why not. I'm going to go talk to him now, he 
still hasnt actually said "the words" to me." Ryoko stated calmly. She stood up 
and waved to Aeka, then fazed up into Tenchi's room.
               "Tenchi? Where are you Tenchi?" Ryoko called out
                "Right here Ryoko." he said, stepping out from behind her.
               "Oh there you are. Hey guess what? Me and Aeka have come to 
terms. Just peace and quiet for you, ne Tenchi?" Ryoko said innocently.
               "Us you mean. Ryoko....I've come to realize that in fact...." 
Tenchi began.
                "Tenchi..."
                "Ryoko I love you and have loved you for a long time. I was such 
baka, trying to hide it, I'm sorry for making you wait for my answer." Tenchi 
said.
                "Tenchi those words mean so much to me..." Ryoko said, embracing 
him. She began to cry tears of joy. Tenchi hugged her back and they spent the 
next minute or so content, wrapped in one anothers arms.....
               Away from the Masaki house, far away, Nagi sat down at the local 
bar. <Ryoko I will track you down, you will never escape me> she thought. She 
ordered another beer to go, and left the bar. She picked up Ken-oh-ki, who had 
been bathing, and roughly flung him up into the air. "Go Ken-oh-ki!" shouted 
Nagi as the cabbit began transforming into a giant spacecraft. "Now Ken-oh-ki, 
take us to planet Earth! Ryoko's time has come!" Nagi commanded. With that, Ken-
ohki zipped off into space and became a small speck on the horizon. <Your head 
will be mine Ryoko. Your not going to get away this time> Nagi thought before 
Ken-oh-ki pushed the pedal to the metal and went full speed to the Sol System.
