 Hey. I dont own these characters. Duh. For some reason I keep having this 
reoccuring dream of Dr. Clay in a suit coming and sueing me...oh well screw it. 
Oh yeah, steal the fics and I'll sick the Shimigami on you.
    
     Author's Inane Ramblings: Yeah episode 6! And people are actually reading 
these! Hell yes! Anyway, those of you at Gensao's page, vote 4 me pleease!. 
Those of you at fanfiction.net, if u havent put me on auther alert yet please do 
so. Reviews are also good...but author alert is crucial if you want to be up to 
date on this series because I can write relatively fast. Now, on with the show, 
but before that, my muses little freakshow..

Azaka: The following freakshow has been rated PG-13 for typed violence and a bad 
word! (Glares at puppet B..)
Nick Puppet A: You suck Nick!
Nick Puppet B: Kiss my @$$! (Whacks Nick with mini skateboard)
Josh: Hehe, Nick even your own puppets hate you! (Good friend of mine, is now my 
main muse.)
Nick: Erhm...better get those fixed.......
Nick Puppet A and B: NO!! DONT SEND US BACK TO WASHU!!!
Nick: (insert evil laughter here) Then be good!

~~~No Need for Goddesses!
     Tokimi sat upon her throne, wondering. She still didn't know why Washu had 
gone and sealed away her memories, but what irritated her more was that the 
dimensions had merged. <Damn that Washu, even I would not do something has 
foolish has that...> "D3, What is the condition of my avatar?" Tokimi's voice 
resounded through the large chamber.
      
"Your avatar has survived the incarnation process, and has began his training, 
Tokimi-sama" A mysterious figure answered.
     
 "Very well, It appears Tsunami is about to inform Washu of the war herself. 
Everything is going according to plan.." Tokimi stated she looked slightly into 
the future. "Begone now."
      
"Yes, your majesty" D3 bowed and disappeared.

       In space, Tenchi sat in the Ryo-oki, contemplating the future. <What will 
become of my future now that I have chosen? There is no one left to come between 
us...> Tenchi sighed. <Perhaps now my life will become normal.....no way, with 6 
alien girls living in the same house has me? Life will never be normal> He 
smiled to himself. He looked down at the sleeping figure of Ryoko lying beside 
him. He nudged her slightly. 
        
"Wake up Ryoko...we're almost home...." Tenchi said softly. Ryoko moaned softly 
and her eyes fluttered open. She looked up at Tenchi.
        
"Tenchi...did you sleep well?" she asked hesitantly.
       
 "I slept very well, thank you. You had better get ready, we are about to arrive 
back on Earth." he said "You should take it easy until we get back, your leg 
still looks pretty bad." He gazed at her with concern.
        
"Well, if you say so..." she said and cuddled up closer to Tenchi. "Thank you 
for saving me Tenchi.."
        
"Yeah, well of course. I couldn't just leave my Ryoko to die there could I?" 
Tenchi said gazing out at Earth. "Well, time to head home..." he said, changing 
the subject. Tenchi held her closer has the Earth grew larger and larger. In a 
few moments they had entered the atmosphere and were headed back to the Masaki 
house....

"Tenchi!!" All the girls screamed in unison has Tenchi walked through the door 
carrying Ryoko. Tenchi would have been glomped to death if it hadn't been for 
him holding Ryoko in his arms. To him she was the only thing stopping him from a 
horrible glomp it would make Misaki cringe in her deathbed, but then again he 
figured has soon has Ryoko was better she would she would glomp him anyway. 

"Washu! Please help Ryoko, she has been injured!" Tenchi shouted, trying to 
fight through the crowd of girls. Washu nodded and Tenchi followed her down into 
her lab.

"Place her down here." Washu commanded has Tenchi gently lay Ryoko down onto a 
small infirmiry bed. "Hmm, this looks pretty bad, it could take awhile to 
heal...unless.." Washu looked up at Tenchi "Tenchi check your left jacket 
pocket." she ordered. To Tenchi's surprise, he withdrew the Tenchi-ken, only 
this time it had 3 gems in the hilt.

"How the hell did that get there!?"

"Don't worry about that, now Tenchi hold the Tenchi-ken hilt first towards 
Ryoko." Washu said "Now Ryoko, focus your thoughts on the gems." Ryoko nodded 
and closed her eyes. A blue glow emanated from the gems has they dissapeared 
from the hilt of the Tenchi-ken. Ryoko emitted a soft gasp has the gems 
reappeared attached to her wrists and at the base of her neck. The wound in her 
side magically began to heal rapidly until it was nothing more then a scar, 
which shortly disappeared after.

"Whoa! I feel better already!" Ryoko said excitedly. She was about to stand up 
but Washu stopped her.
 
"Don't Ryoko! Your broken leg is not healed quite yet. It will take atleast 
another hour or so before it is totally healed." Washu said sternly. "Until 
then, your staying put.

"Hey...how did you know my leg was broken?" Ryoko asked curiously. Washu smiled 
and tapped her forehead. <Our link remember?> Washu thought to Ryoko <I know 
what happened, and I'm glad that your finally rid of that Nagi. It was very hard 
on you I presume, but hey, you got to sleep with Tenchi at the end didn't you?> 
Washu grinned slyly. Ryoko thought back <MOM! We didn't do THAT kind of 
thing...Tenchi was uncomfortable so I shared the futon with him..> Washu sighed 
and thought <Yeah, right. You shared it alright...> which made Ryoko blush. 

Tenchi looked back and forth between the two. "Hey, are you two alright?"

"Of course, now Tenchi you might has well get some sleep, it's been a long night 
for you two." She said has she pointed towards the door. Tenchi nodded and waved 
goodbye to Ryoko has he left and headed up to his room. He flopped down on his 
bed and checked his alarm clock. It was 8:00 am. <Oh well, I guess I can sleep 
for another 2 hours or so.> he thought has he drifted into a deep sleep.

Back down in Washu's lab, a young woman with long blue hair suddenly 
materialized behind the pint-sized scientist. "Sister.." the women spoke.

"Tsunami. I've been expecting you to arrive sometime soon." Washu said, hardly 
looking up from her work.

"I see. Well, I take it you already know your a goddess." Tsunami stated 
serenly.

"Yes I know that too, my machine that helped me look into the past was used with 
Ryoko's gems and I found out everything." Washu turned to face her. 

"Well then, you just made my job a lot easier. As you probably know, there is an 
upcoming war between us sisters. You will be required to pick an avatar-"

"-No. I refuse to risk Ryoko's life in one of your silly games." Washu frowned. 
"And if you try to convince Tenchi to fight, and he dies, you will be sorry. I 
think highly of my daughter's happiness, Tsunami." 

"It appears you don't know everything about this war, sister. You see, if none 
of us have an avatar Tokimi will automatically win, taking over every existing 
universe. You realize if that happened it wouldnt matter if either Tenchi or 
Ryoko died, everything you know would be destroyed in an instant. Is that what 
you want, sister?" Tsunami said, sighing.

Washu thought for a moment. <I guess she's right, we have no choice....> "I see. 
Well then, I shall inform Tenchi and Ryoko of their duties. Goodbye, Tsunami." 
Washu said and turned to leave the lab.

"Goodbye....sister.."  Tsunami said has she vanished.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------
   Washu decided to wait until dinner to make her announcement. "Everyone, 
please listen I have an announcement to make. I'm sure you all know who Tsunami 
is. Well, tonight she visited me in my lab. It appears me and my sisters are 
having a tournament. Winner takes every living thing in every universe there 
is." she faced Tenchi. "Tenchi, Tsunami has asked me to tell you that...you have 
been chosen to become..her avatar. Do you accept that? Well, it doesn't really 
matter if you do or not, because you will end up fighting anyways. It just makes 
us look better if we ask. So will you fight? For the sake of the universe?"

"So I've been chosen to fight. I suppose I should be honored....well, yes I will 
fight." Tenchi said resolutely. 

"And now for my avatar...Ryoko. Will you fight for me, Ryoko? Not that you two 
really have a choice, it's just better if you will willingly fight."

Ryoko shot her a glare. "Fine. If Tenchi fights, I fight."

"So it's settled. That went smoothly." Washu said, smiling. Katsuhito stood up.

"Now, Tenchi and Ryoko. I will begin training you tommorow for your fight." he 
said and began to leave. "If your late your chores are doubled, Tenchi...and you 
will get a punishment. Perhaps spending the day treading water in the middle of 
the lake would appeal to you two?"

"Oh great that's how you talk to the universe's saviors..." Tenchi muttered and 
resumed eatting his dinner.
(AN: Yay the boring part is done! ONTO THE DATE!)

It was dark except for a small light coming from the bathroom has Ryoko fazed 
into existance in Tenchi's room. "Tenchi? Tenchi, are you ready?" Ryoko called 
out

"Yeah, hold on I'm getting dressed." Tenchi called back. He heard Ryoko giggle. 
"Some privacy please?" he called again, which made Ryoko giggle even more. He 
groaned and went back to getting ready.

"Tenchi! What should I wear?" Ryoko asked him has she peeked through the door. 
Tenchi didn't notice her has he replied "I don't know something casual..". 
Ryoko's eyes widened has she saw Tenchi take his shirt off. <Wow. Training with 
Katsuhito certaintly payed off for him...> she discovered to her happiness. She 
faded back through the door just in time has Tenchi looked over to exactly where 
she had been hiding. He shrugged and pulled on his other (clean, non 
bloodstained) shirt.

"Hmm...casual..I guess that counts this out.." Ryoko said has she fazed into a 
white silk dress with a matching hat. Tenchi walked out of the bathroom before 
she could faze into something else, and he was stunned. He stood there, 
dumbfounded with his mouth hanging open like some drunk. Ryoko grinned at him 
and did a few poses "So, do you like this dress?" 

When Tenchi finally found the nerve to speak, he managed to sqeak out 
"Ryoko...you look....well...fantastic...." he said. He noticed how the dress 
dipped dangerously low, which gave him a heavy duty nosebleed. <Wow...Ryoko has 
a good figure....hey what's that in my mouth...blood......Uh oh!!!> Tenchi 
thought has he hurredly wiped away the blood.. Ryoko laughed at him and fazed 
into the outfit she wore when they had first met. 

"Ok I'm ready, let's go!" She said.

Tenchi managed to shake himself free of his stupor and answer her question. "Uh, 
yeah I forgot..can you teleport us to Tokyo? That's where we are going." He said 
has he grasped her hand.

"Sure Tenchi!" No sooner had she said it, then they had arrived at..Tenchi's old 
apartment! They looked around, and discovered it was the same has before, except 
for one problem.........

"AHH!! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU PEOPLE DOING IN MY APARTMENT!?!? WE ARE ALL GONNA 
DIE HELL HAS COME!!!!" An old lady screamed at the two has she practically fell 
over in her chair. 

Tenchi sweatdropped and tried to explain the situation.(AN:tried..)."Well, you 
see, we're here to...uhh...test the springs on your bed! You called us up on the 
phone..we're professionals..." he said nervously. Ryoko could barely supress her 
laughing. "and well, um....damn.. Ryoko just get us out of here!!" Tenchi 
shouted. Ryoko grinned at him and grasped his hand tightly. She dragged Tenchi 
to the balcony, and to his horror, jumped..bringing him along for the ride.

"RYOKO!!!! AHHH WE'RE GONNA DIE!!!" Tenchi screamed has he began plunging head 
first down to the cement below him. Ryoko sighed has they began to level out, 
and softly hit the ground. Ryoko couldn't help it has she burst into hysterical 
laughter.

"That was hilarious!! You should have seen your face!!" she said, still 
laughing. Tenchi sighed. "So, now where do we go Tenchi?" 

"I don't know..lets just walk around for awhile.." said Tenchi. They both began 
to wonder around, not sure of what to do. They stopped at a place to eat, got 
some dinner and after that, the night began to fly by. It was the end of the 
date when they arrived at the fountain in the center of the city park.

"Wow look at all the lights Tenchi!" Ryoko said exitedly has she pointed the the 
beatiful lights hung all around the fountain. The water spurting upward 
reflected all of the multicolored lights, making it seem like some liquid 
rainbow.

"Yeah, it looks like the officials wanted to get ready for Christmas early this 
year...<Like 2 months earlier...jeez those guys are out of it..bums..>" Tenchi 
sighed has he checked his watch. <10:00....everyone's gonna wonder where we 
are..better head back>. "Well, it's getting late Ryoko, I guess it's time to 
head back.." Tenchi said sadly. 

"But Tenchi! It's not that late!" Ryoko protested.

"Ryoko..c'mon..we can do it again anytime we want, cant we?" Tenchi explained. 

Ryoko's eyes lit up "Really??" She threw herself onto Tenchi and nearly knocked 
him into the fountain has she shouted "Thank you Tenchiiiii!!" She grinned at 
him teleported back to Tenchi's room. When Tenchi looked around his room, he had 
noticed something....his bed was bigger...and there was a note on it.
   "Hey Son!
 Don't get too loud! Miss Washu told me about it all! I'm so proud of you! 
You've finally done it!
  -Dad"

"DAAADD!!!! YOUR DEAD MEAT!!!!!!" Tenchi screamed has he tore into Nobuyuki's 
room. Ryoko sweatdropped and read the note....

"WASHU!!! WHATS THE MEANING OF THIS!?!?" Ryoko screamed has she flew down to 
Washu's lab. Meanwhile, Nobuyuki and Washu both thought one thing, at the same 
time when they heard the shouts....<Ahhh!! HIDE..!>. Ryoko lifted up the little 
scientist by her collar and began shaking her repeatedly. "You told NOBUYUKI 
about THAT!? Aren't you supposed to be the greatest scientific genius in the 
UNIVERSE!?" Ryoko yelled has she shook Washu back and forth.

"AHH!! Ryoko stop your givin me whiplash!!

"Say Sorry!!!" Ryoko shouted has she continued shaking the scientist 
unrelentlessly.

"Sorry! Je..jeez I thought I was doing you a favor!" she started, and was 
received with an icy glare from Ryoko. Ryoko frowned and teleported back into 
Tenchi's room.
------
"TENCHI!! AHH GET AWAY FROM ME WITH THAT SWORD!!" Nobuyuki shouted has Tenchi 
began chasing him with the Tenchi-ken. Nobuyuki just barely swayed out of the 
way has the blazing Jurai-lightsword sliced through his bedstand.

"DAD! You've become to hentai!!! YOU ARENT MY BIOLOGICAL FATHER ARE YOU!?!? 
Prepare to die!!" Tenchi shouted, getting ready to kick Nobuyuki where the sun 
dont shine..

"Tenchi! Don't bother with that, it wont help him." Katsuhito said, interupting. 
He walked up to Tenchi and secretly to Nobuyuki said, "Trust me, I know. He's 
almost inhuman, I can't figure out how someone could take that!!" Tenchi's eyes 
widened. 

"Oh my god....your sure he's not my biological father??" Tenchi asked. Katsuhito 
shrugged and walked away.

"Ouch..well be good Dad..." he said has he left Nobuyuki cowering in fright. 
Tenchi opened the door to his room, to find Ryoko sitting on his bed. "Ryoko? Is 
everything alright?" He froze "You didn't kill Washu did you??" he said and 
started to panic.

"No! Of course not...I almost gave her whiplash though.." Ryoko said smiling 
<And you'll get more of that if you tell Nobuyuki anything else!> Ryoko thought 
to Washu.

"Well, now what are we gonna do?" Tenchi asked. 

"Well, I'll just head up to the rafters, like I usually do..." Ryoko said, 
walking towards the door. She was about to leave when she felt Tenchi's hand on 
her shoulder. She turned around to see him gazing into her eyes. 

"No. We can share...it's plenty big." he winked at her "I won't bite." he quoted 
which caused them both to burst out laughing. 
(AN: I repeat, this is not a lemon series.)

And so, they both drifted into a deep sleep... (on seperate sides of the bed, 
Ryoko disagreed, of course..) Meanwhile, away from the quiet atmosphere of the 
Masaki house, Tokimi sat brooding in her chamber.

"It's time, D3. Summon them all to the my arena at once" 

Author's Notes: Yay. This wasn't one of my most favorite to write (hint hint: 
was just setting the scene for the next fight..boring..). Keep those 
reviews/emails comin!

Next Episode: The contest begins! Ryoko and Tenchi face of against Tokimi's 
avatar...but who is he? And what was the purpose for Tokimi's planning of this 
tournament? Surely she had some other motive, which Washu and Tsunami are about 
to find out......
 NO NEED FOR A LOST LOVED ONES!
