  <<IMPORTANT! READ ALL THE OTHER EPISODES OF THIS SERIES IN ORDER!! DUHHH!!! 
AUTHOR ALERT ME!!! REVIEW!!>

Alright I'm done yelling at you. Anyway, I dont own Tenchi Muyo and stuff, 
Pioneer and AIC does. Dont sue me, for some reason I had this dream of Azusa in 
a suit coming down and sicking Jurai's army on me for writing these fanfics. It 
wouldnt have hurt too bad if Misaki hadnt showed up. 

Author's Inane Ramblings: Hiya! Thanks for the reviews everyone, although they 
are slowing down a bit. I begin to write this last episode after hearing some 
very bad Ryoko bashing, half of it wasn't even true. I was going to give Aeka a 
man, but now I could care less about that priss. Oh well. Ryoko's scribe still 
stands tall, and now dedicates making this final episode wonderful in tribute to 
Ryoko!

Nick: Some people are just scary Josh. Like you.
Josh: Well your damn dragon scares me. Its more perverted than Nobuyuki, as if 
thats possible.
Dragon: <looking at hentai mags> Whoa baby...
Nick: <kicks the dragon in the head> Stupid, put that away.
Dragon: huh what? <it's so perverted it cannot feel pain>
Nick: Stupid dragon.....go eat Aeka or something.
Dragon: Flamers give me heartburn though...
Nick: Yeah I forgot about that. Knowing Aeka it would probably kill you. Alright 
start the show. (Hehe I'm sorry I had to do that)

~~~~No Need for Tenchi!

The world around Tenchi was a blur, he couldnt see a thing has he leapt through 
the portal. With a soft thud, he came out the other end. He didn't know much 
about this new dimension, but DAMN was it COLD! Tenchi began to shiver from the 
cold, not noticing the spirits around him. He trudged through the frigid world, 
content with finding his Ryoko. Up ahead he noticed a bunch of bright lights, 
about four or so in a row. They looked so warm and cozy to him, he broke out 
into a run towards them. As he grew closer, he could make out their shapes. They 
looked like torches to him, except the flames were an eery` blue. He also 
noticed another thing, more disturbing than the blue flames. As he continued on, 
more souls began to materialize around him. Most of them were just sad or 
lonely, gazing at him sadly. A few had even leapt out at him, a fire of 
vengeance in their eyes. Still, they proved no problem for Tenchi and the Jurain 
lightsword.

"This place freaks me out...." Tenchi thought, crossing his arms. Soon he made 
was sprinting for the lights. All was going good, until a foot shot out in front 
of him sending him sprawling to the ground. <What the heck!?> He picked himself 
up off of the ground, looking around wildly for whatever tripped him. He heard a 
familiar giggling...one he couldnt quite put his finger on. Still, he saw 
nothing, just a few more wandering spirits. Shrugging, he began to jog towards 
the light once again. He noticed the air had suddenly gotten extremely cold. He 
stopped, feeling the breath of the dead behind him. The hairs on the back of his 
neck stood rigid has his hand feebly grasped the Tenchi-ken. Slowly, he turned 
around to face whatever was haunting him. He wobbled slightly and his eyes 
filled with shock at the sight before him. Slowly he uttered her name. 
"Ryoko...."

There Ryoko's soul floated, her body was a transparent green and her eyes seemed 
black in the pupils, unlike the other souls who's eyes had no pupils at all. Her 
usual mischievious grin was missing from her face, replaced by a sad look. A 
single tear left Tenchi's eyes when she spoke. "Who are you..." The soul's sad 
gaze remained, even when Tenchi could not answer. "How do you know my name..." 
The soul floated around Tenchi, observing him. It stopped in front of him, 
frowning slightly. "You are not one of us...your still....alive." The ghost's 
image flickered slightly has it phased through Tenchi and began to float away 
from him. "I do not wish to speak to you...goodbye." she finished in a monotone 
voice, a far cry from the usual spirited Ryoko.

Tenchi's voice caught in his throat, he couldnt believe what he had just heard. 
His arms went limp has he watched the spirit float away towards the lights, too 
distraught to follow. Another tear dripped down Tenchi's cheek, almost 
crystalizing because of the coldness. "Ryoko..."

Far, far away another person was crying as well. Her red hair swayed back and 
forth has she sobbed uncontrollably at the sight she had just seen in her 
sister's viewing ball. She stared at the poor, lost boy, wishing him to try 
again. 

Tokimi patted her sister on the back, trying to comfort her. "I'm sorry..It's 
all my fault. I erased her memories of that boy when I sent her to that plane. 
Please don't think of me has cruel, I was trying to spare her the anguish of 
remembering him for all eternity." Tokimi said, bowing her head.

Washu stood slightly, wiping yet another tear from her cheek. "That's alright, I 
can understand your intentions. If only Tenchi would keep trying...I know he can 
do it.." Washu said, regaining her composure slightly. Her eyes narrowed again 
though, not because of rage, but because a new presence hung in the air. The 
presence of...

"Sister! I'm glad you've decided to come" Tokimi said, nodding slightly before 
Tsunami. Tsunami bowed slightly before her two sisters and walked over to where 
Washu and Tokimi was standing. She looked down, noticing the large crystal ball.

"So, I take it that Tenchi defeated you and got into your plane, eh Tokimi?" 
Tsunami said, watching the boy sobbing silently in the ball. Tokimi informed her 
of the past events, including the duel. Tsunami's eyes turned red momentarily as 
the sad scene replayed on the ball. Tsunami's eyes went wide from fright has she 
saw Ryoko's spirit float away from Tenchi. "That cannot be....how would Ryoko 
not remember Tenchi? It doesn't seem possible...unless..." She turned to Tokimi, 
eyes narrowed. 

"Yes I erased her the boy from her memory sister. This was before I knew of the 
boy's courage, I thought that I could ease her pain by taking away the memories 
of Tenchi" Tokimi said, her face slightly pained. Tsunami's expression went back 
to neutral has she sighed, continuing to watch Tenchi.

Tenchi had slowly began to draw his energy again, mustering all the courage he 
could scrounge in his beaten body. Slowly, he regained his composure from the 
shock he had just recieved. His eyes began to get that determined glint, that 
glint he had when Ryoko was kidnapped by Kagato. The same glint as when she was 
kidnapped by Dr. Clay. Once again, he trudged through the barren wasteland, 
looking from face to face of each of the lost souls. A brief wonder of how these 
souls got here in the first place crossed his mind. Ignorantly, he pushed it 
aside, still determined to find Ryoko. Time seemed to pass at an alarming rate 
to him, the winds becoming more fierce has he neared the flames. The winds 
werent the only things that became more fierce either; Tenchi's emotions were 
getting the better of him. Eventually, he was forced to stop. Slowly, he sank to 
his knees in anguish and defeat.

"I hate you!" A voice came from behind him. The voice sounded familiar to 
Tenchi. Slowly he turned around and saw none other then himself. His eyes 
widened when he saw Ryoko and Ryo-ohki a few feet away. "I hate you!" The Tenchi 
doppleganger repeated. Another tear fell from Tenchi's eye has he remembered 
that day. Slowly he slumped to the ground, not even caring about getting up ever 
again.

"The way I saw it...Ryoko was your friend" another voice said. Tenchi looked up 
to see Aeka.

"Well, she's not my favorite alien anyway" Another Tenchi doppleganger replied. 
Tenchi put his hands up to his ears, unwilling to hear anymore. He wished he 
would just roll over and die, but the worst had yes to come. He looked up 
slowly, noticing two shadows in close...er..proximity to eachother. There he saw 
something he hoped he would never see again, his first kiss. There he was, 
making out with Sakuya with Ryoko watching both of them, unnoticed. Another tear 
escaped his eyes when he saw the Ryoko image turn around and fly away. Slowly he 
sank to the ground, this time not having the will to ever get up...again.

"No Tenchi! Get up!!" All three goddesses hollered at the boy in the viewing 
globe. The boy lay still, unmoving.

<I can't believe it...he's going to die out there..> Tsunami thought silently. 
<No, there will always be hope> she corrected herself and continued looking into 
the globe.

Tenchi was heartbroken to say the least. The emotions swirling around him made 
him curse his existance. He thought he would just lie there until he died, when 
he remembered something. Slowly, he stood up, being spurred on by that 
knowledge. He drew him hand across his face, wiping the blood from his nose has 
he trudged onward to the blue lights that were so near. Silently, he reminded 
himself over and over what that fact was, the fact that made him believe in his 
very existance at this point. A righteous smile slowly appeared on his face, has 
he thought out loud his purpose. "I love you Ryoko.." He his trudge broke into a 
jog, then a sprint once more. His eyes light up when he noticed a familiar 
spirit, away from the group of others. His eyes widened when he recognized it 
has the one and only Ryoko. He leapt at the ghost, tackling it with all his 
might. The surprised spirit-Ryoko cursed at her attacker before fading through 
him. She appeared in front of him, her eyes blazing with a firey hatred.

"You! I told you to get away!" She said has the spirit leapt at Tenchi. A smirk 
crept across Tenchi's lips has the Lighthawk symbols appeared on his forehead, 
glowing a bright blue. The ghost-Ryoko stopped, looking down to notice that the 
lower half of her body had disappeared. Tenchi smirked wider has the rest of the 
soul disappeared, locked inside the gem of the Tenchi-ken.

"I...I did it! Yes! Who's your daddy!?" (AN: Joking about that last line..heh) 
Tenchi began to jump around wildly, the Tenchi-ken raised high above his head.

"He did it! He did it!" The sisters sang, also dancing around crazilly. It was 
Tokimi who had recovered first, since she wasnt laughing..that hard.

"Alright, I'll bring him back then?" Tokimi said, returning to her usual posture 
has she began forming the portal in the middle of the three goddesses.

"Of course..what are you waiting for." Both sisters chimed. Tokimi sighed, 
wondering how these two could be her sisters with their uplifted attitude. She 
flicked her wrists upwards, seemingly making Tenchi rise out of the ground. 
Tenchi still shocked, even in his state of ecstacy.

"*sweatdrop* Good to see you back, boy" Tokimi said, turning around and 
beggining to walk away from them. "This has been an interesting reunion.." She 
said quietly.

There was a long silence, nobody even moved except for Tenchi, who's eyes were 
moving between each of the goddesses faces. It was Tsunami who finally broke the 
silence between the sisters. "Well, I guess I'll take my leave now. Goodbye 
sister Tokimi, sister Washu." Tsunami winked at Tenchi, has if to say good luck, 
before her image slowly faded away from sight. It was Washu that spoke next.

"Well Tenchi, let's get back to earth." She turned to face him, a coy grin 
forming. "You wouldn't want to keep her waiting, would you?" She snickered 
lightly, giving him a wink. Tenchi wondered what was it with people and winking 
all of a sudden. He shrugged it off, and followed after the miniature goddess. 

The trip home on the Ryo-ohki was a silent, but tension filled trip. Neither of 
the passengers could wait to get home. Tenchi stood, fidgeting nervously has he 
stared at the gem on the hilt of the Tenchi-ken. Washu on the other hand, was 
quiet has she piloted the Ryo-ohki back home. It wasn't long before Earth was in 
sight, then Japan, then the Masaki shrine.

"Tenchi!! I missed you!!" shouted Sasami has she tackle Tenchi as soon as he had 
entered the house. He thought everyone would be asleep, considering it was 
almost half past twelve. He should have known, everyone was in the family room 
sitting on the couch. Mihoshi was sleeping  while Kiyone was punching her, 
trying to wake her up. <Not too much has changed while I was gone I guess..> 
Tenchi thought, grinning. Tenchi looked around for the elder Jurain princess, 
and found her sitting quietly next to

After all the welcome backs were exchanged, one question remained. Aeka, of all 
people, got around to asking it. "Tenchi-sama...where is Ryoko?" Aeka said, her 
eyes filling with a silent hope. Everyone figured that when both Tenchi and 
Ryoko had disappeared that it had been because of the tournament. Aeka was 
positive everyone else noticed the absence of the cyan-haired trouble maker. 

Tenchi's smile turned to a neutral expression has he related the tournament's 
events. Aeka was shocked when she heard Ryoko had died for Tenchi, just like 
Ryoko said. Has Tenchi continued on through his story, Aeka began to realize 
something. She truly realized that Ryoko had not been pretending to love Tenchi 
just has something else to compete with her for. She realized that Ryoko was 
honest in everything she had said about Tenchi. A tear slipped down her cheek 
when she realized that they were perfect for another, and that she had no way of 
breaking that.

Aeka's thoughts were broken has Tenchi slowly walked up to her and placed an 
hand on her shoulder. No words were spoken, but the comforting touch was all 
Aeka needed. Slowly she wiped the tear from her eye, and with that the 
procession to Washu's lab began. 

"Washu...what's wrong with the Tenchi-ken!?" Tenchi shouted has he dropped the 
sword hilt to the floor. The gem began to glow violently and a small blue wisp 
left the gem.

"What? I don't understand." Washu said through clenched teeth. <He's in for a 
surprise> she thought to her self gleefully. Her thoughts were interupted when..

"Tenchiii!!" The now revitalized Ryoko shouted has she appeared from the ceiling 
above Tenchi, giving him a hug that would even have made Lady Misaki tremble. 
Tenchi's face lit up with joy, even has Ryoko's hug slammed both of them to the 
floor, Ryoko still huggling him. "Tenchi I knew you'd help me!" Ryoko said, 
gazing deeply into his eyes. Has Tenchi looked up and returned her gaze, Ryoko 
smiled slightly. She moved so close to him that her face was about an inch away 
from his, which would have caused Tenchi to have spaz attacks before. But now, 
has his face drew near to hers their lips locked in a passionate kiss, oblivious 
to everyone that was watching. They were brought back into reality when Aeka 
cleared her throat loudly and muttered something that sounded like "Why dont you 
two get a hotel room..."

Washu snickered slightly, humming that old song about sitting in a tree..you 
know. Walking over to Tenchi and Ryoko, she said "Well, I can't say I was 
entirely truthful. That spark you saw leave the Tenchi-ken was Ryoko's soul. It 
just went back to its body, which I had put in the lab for safekeeping. As a 
matter of fact, I actually planned that something like this would happen." She 
gave Tenchi her "cutesy" smile, which caused him to roll his eyes.

The next few weeks seemingly passed uneventful at the Masaki house, except with 
a random fight between Ryoko and Aeka over the remote. Everything seemed 
normal....until...

Ryoko and Tenchi walked into the kitchen, where everyone was eating dinner. 
Everyone stopped and looked at both of them. Nobuyuki was the exception, because 
he was reading a hentai mag under the table. (AN: How can he be Tenchi's 
father..Tenchi isn't at all perverted..)

"Erm...Well...everyone.." Tenchi started, but everyone resumed eating. Ryoko 
frowned slightly has she spoke up.

"Hey! Stop eating for a second Tenchi wants to say something!" Ryoko said, one 
hand clutching Tenchi's tightly. Her other hand was behind her back, apparently 
holding someting. Nobody noticed this except Washu, who apparently had a pretty 
good idea what was happening, being the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe.

"Well...Yeah. It's just that..erhm..." Tenchi began to sweat from everyone 
looking at him. He began to have another 'spaz' attack. Ryoko sighed slightly.

"We're getting married!" Ryoko shouted, raising her hand up to show an golden 
engagement ring on her ring finger. Everyone's eyes widened, and Nobuyuki kept 
looking at his magazine. Ryoko got an anime vein, pissed off that Nobuyuki 
thought his "education" was more important then her sons marriage. She brought 
her left hand level to his forehead, creating a small glowing energy ball in her 
palm. The blast flew at the magazine and incinerated it, leaving Nobuyuki to 
stare at the ashes.

".....Your...your getting..married?" Aeka squeeked. She hid her face, looking 
downwards at what she was eating has to conceal her silent tears.

"Wow Tenchi that's great! I'm so glad!" Sasami said cheerfuly, you can count on 
Sasami to break the ice in an awkward situation like this.

"So..I dont suppose I'll be a grandma, will I?" Washu said, grinning slyly. 
Washu puppet A and B appeared on her shoulders with signs saying "Grandmother!?"

Ryoko's cheeks turned a light red and she looked down at the floor, clutching 
Tenchi's hand so tightly it cut of his circulation and made his hand go pale. 
Aeka's eyes went wide, not wanting to believe what she just heard. Silently she 
pleaded to herself, hoping that Washu's assumption was incorrect. But, deep down 
she knew it was true.

After what seemed like an eternity of silence, Tenchi spoke. "Yes. It looks like 
there will be an additional family member to the house as well. Ryoko's 
pregnant." Tenchi said, his throat tight with nervousness. Everyone but Washu 
was shocked. 

"Another brilliant observation Washu" A shouted

"You are the greatest Washu!" B added

"Your going to be a grandma, Washu!" Both chimed together. Washu sighed and 
shook her head.

"I hate being old" Washu said. Everyone stared at the 12 year old 20,000+ year 
old scientist, then began to laugh crazilly. 

~~~~Epilogue~~~~

A month later, Ryoko and Tenchi were married. The ceremony was held during the 
springtime under the cherry blossoms cover. There was an enormous showup, 
considering Sasami invited Misaki, Azusa, and Funaho over. Tokimi and Tsunami 
also showed up, causing quite a fuss on the Jurain side of the family. During 
the reception Azusa introduced Aeka to her new fiancee, who surprisingly wasn't 
a dope, like Seiryou. Azusa finally stopped giving Tenchi such a hard time now 
that he was married, because he was convinced that he would not try to take the 
throne by marrying Aeka or Sasami. 

Now, nine months later, a child is born....let's zoom in on that, shall we?

Tenchi stood outside the door to the operating door, pacing. He knew that there 
was very slight chance of Ryoko being injured during the birth, but nobody knew. 
He had sensed pain and exhaustion on Ryoko's side of the link ever since she had 
been toted to the hospital. Tsunami, Washu, and Tokimi sat in chairs a few 
meters away from where Tenchi was pacing, wearing average looking kimonos. They 
didnt look the least worried, considering Tokimi could see into the future and 
knew the baby was going to be fine, although she didn't tell Tenchi that detail. 

Aeka was not at the hospital, she had returned to Jurai a few weeks earlier. It 
seems her new fiancee, who's name was Hiro, had been getting along nicely. Azusa 
announced their wedding would take place in half a year, Earth time. However, 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Nobuyuki, and Katsuhito were all waiting in the lobby. 
Surprisingly, Nobuyuki was acting normal (non-perved). 

Tenchi's eyes lit up when he heard a slight cry from the operating room. Tokimi 
sighed, knowing that it was time to see Tenchi do the "It's a boy! It's a boy!" 
thing in a few moments.

A tall man wearing a medical uniform walked out of the operating room, his hands 
were folded behind his back. He looked around the room, his gaze stopping when 
he saw Tenchi. "Ahh. Are you Mr. Tenchi Masaki?" The man asked

Tenchi nodded slightly. "Yes I am. Is there something..wrong?"

"Congradulations! Your a father now." He said, shaking Tenchi's hand vigorously. 
"It's a boy, too. You may come in in a few minutes, after your wife has 
recovered." He said, walking back into the operating room. Tokimi covered her 
ears, motioning for her sister's to do the same.

"YES!! I'm a DADDY! YES!!!" Tenchi shouted, dancing around in circles. All three 
sisters sweatdropped, moving their chairs away from Tenchi. He started doing the 
"pump it up" motion people do in concerts, then stopped. "Hey..Washu...what does 
this mean?" He asked, stopping.

"I have no idea." Washu said, sighing. "Well, what are you waiting for? Let's go 
see the baby!" Washu added. She had been eager ever since Ryoko had announced 
her pregnacy, she had loved the thought of being able to help raise the child 
since  Ryoko would definetely need help with it. The pint-sized scientist and 
now grandmother happily skipped into the operating room, followed by Tokimi, 
Tsunami, and finally Tenchi.

Tenchi's eyes widened when he walked in and saw Ryoko, not too bloody, holding a 
small child in her arms. Slowly, he walked over to Ryoko and his son, unsure of 
what to say. Washu looked down at Ryoko, smiling and looking has energetic has 
usual. Ryoko on the other hand, seemed half asleep. She had been sitting in that 
bed for atleast 12 hours straight. Washu motioned towards the baby, and Ryoko 
nodded weakly. Washu reached down and scooped the baby up in her arms, cradling 
it.

"Well, we're going to leave for a moment. In a few minutes we will come back and 
begin administering the shots to the baby" One of the attendants said and headed 
towards the door. The rest of them followed.

Tenchi let out a relieved sigh, glad that they had left. He looked over to the 
hospital bed, where a now asleep Ryoko lie. <I guess that was tiring, even for 
her...> Tenchi thought, but began to grin <She looks so cute when she's sleeping 
though.> He chuckled to himself before walking over to the baby, who Washu had 
been rocking back and forth. "Hey there.." he said, waving to the baby. The baby 
stopped giggling and looked up at Tenchi. To his and everyone elses surprise, 
it's eyes opened, which usually doesnt happen until a few days after birth.

"Wash...Washu....why are its pupils..missing?" Tenchi stuttered, noticing the 
baby had inherited its mothers golden eyes, but the pupils were clouded over. 
"What the heck!?" Tenchi shouted has his feet lifted off the ground and he began 
to float in midair.

"Hmm...it appears the baby has inherited some of Ryoko's telekinetic abilities" 
Washu said, her spectral computer materializing in front of her. Her fingers 
began to move rapidly has she issued the computer some commands. There was a 
small flash and the baby floated up in the air, safe inside a glowing green 
capsul. The capsol glowed blue then, a wave of light sweeping over the infant's 
body. Washu's eyes widened

"It appears this child has inherited a lot more than just looks from its 
parents" She said, looking up at Tenchi. "It inherited Ryoko's fighting 
abilities and your fighting abilities....." Her eyes widened "It also appears he 
will be able to create the Lighthawk Wings around age 12 or so...". She shook 
her head. "Well Tokimi, you were correct about this child being extremely 
powerful. Not even I could have imagined it to be this strong." She tapped on a 
few more keys and the baby floated back down to Washu. The capsul disappeared in 
a flash of light once more.

"Hey..what's going on" Ryoko said, sitting up. The flash of light had awakened 
her. She looked over at Tenchi who was floating in the air, her eyes widening. 
She looked over at her son, and noticed his pupils were missing. "What's going 
on!?" Ryoko shouted. The sudden noise had upset the baby, which caused him to 
lose his concentration and let Tenchi drop to the floor unceremoniously. The 
baby began to cry, his eyes closed with anger. 

"Its ok..nothings wrong.." Washu said, comforting the baby. Shortly after, the 
baby was quiet again. After the baby had been quieted, Washu explained to Ryoko 
about the baby. Ryoko sighed, relieved nothing was wrong with it.

Finally, the question was asked. "Hey Ryoko, what should we name our child?" 
Tenchi asked, looking down at the sleeping child.

Ryoko closed her eyes for a moment and thought. "Let's name it after both of us. 
How about...Ryouten?" Ryoko asked, her eyes opening.

Tenchi stopped, thinking about it. "Well, I couldnt have thought of a better one 
myself." He said, walking over to the now named Ryouten. "Hiya Ryouten. I'm your 
dad...and that's your mom" Tenchi said, pointing at Ryoko.

And so, the child that will bring balance to the universe has been born. It's a 
good thing, because evil is on the rise....

Author's Notes: *sniff sniff* Yes, this was the final episode of Ohayo Tenchi. 
But DONT WORRY!!! I am writing a whole new SERIES that is the sequal of this 
Ohayo Tenchi. It promises the same stuff has the first, except with a new main 
character....Ryouten! To get a backround on Ryouten, read the parody when I 
release it, its called "Ryouten Masaki is a Criminal". Hes not that mean or 
vicious, but you get the picture. Jaa 'n' shit.

