Ohayo Tenchi!
A Tenchi Muyo/Universe mix continuation series written by Nick at 
Tenchi316@aol.com. Now for all the boring copyright stuff. I DON'T OWN ANY OF 
THESE CHARACTERS. I'm just writing about them. 
No need for Resident Evil!
(   It is a bright sunny day in Okayama, Japan. Inside the Masaki household it 
is very peaceful and quiet.well atleast at the moment no energy balls are 
raining hell from above and no flying logs are wreaking havoc. Zooming down to 
Washu's lab, she is eagerly finishing the final touches on her latest project.
" YES! MY GREATEST INVENTION IS COMPLETE!" Washu shouted aloud. "Now to test it 
out..." she cackled gleefully.
(A couple dimensions over, in the family room of the Masaki shrine..)
"Ryoko! Give me back the remote you damned space criminal!!" Aeka shrieked

"Now why would I do that hmm, princess brat?" Ryoko snickered back, then 
teleports behind Aeka and gives her a shove.

"Azaka! Kamidake! Get rid of that thief!" 

"Yes, Ma'am" say the two flying logs also known as the Guardians of Jurai in 
their usual monotone voices,  trying to teleport behind Ryoko to zap her with 
their forcefield. Kabam! Ryoko knew that was coming and split herself , 
teleported her first self outside then the other one behind Aeka and launched 
one of her deadly energy balls at her. Aeka is still alive but dazed. <Damnit!> 
Ryoko thought angrily.  A faint popping noise, and the room filled up with an 
orange glow. Ryoko held her energy sword high and she prepared for the final 
strike.

       "Would you all please stop this?? I'm trying to study!" shouted a third 
voice, belonging to Tenchi Masaki, throwing his books down onto his desk and 
glaring at both girls. Another soft pop and the orange glow is gone from the 
room. He stares sternly at Ryoko and frowns. "If you two are going to fight, 
please take it outside. I dont feel like rebuilding the family room again." he 
said quietly.  
        Washu suddenly appeared and announced. "Listen up everyone! I have a new 
invention to show you all that I think you are quite familiar with. Cmon check 
it out!!" Beckoning for them to follow, she heads through the dimensional 
doorway to her lab.

"I wonder what abomination she's built this time" Muttered Aeka, but is quickly 
corrects herself after Washu materializes her keyboard in front of her. "I mean 
I wonder what great invention the universe's greatest scientific genius has 
built now." said Aeka managing the cheapest of all smiles. Washu grins and nods, 
then dematerializes her keyboard and continues to her lab.

Down in Washu's lab..

"OH GOD NOT THAT THING AGAIN!!!" cried Tenchi as Washu pulls the cover off her 
newest or rather, updated invention, the Dimensional Tuner 2.

"Wow! Washu it looks great! Hey Washu,  what does this button do?" said Mihoshi 
curiously as she peered over a large green button with a label reading "Mihoshi 
DO NOT TOUCH!" while sipping on a cup of tea.

"Don't touch that!! Can't you read!?!" Washu screamed as she frantically tried 
to push Mihoshi away from the machine. Mihoshi's tea spills all over the control 
panel and sparks begin to fly everywhere from it.

"Oops sorry about that Washu." Says Mihoshi,  Another explosion sent her flying 
across the lab in a heap. "Owwwww....." she whined pitifully.
"MIHOSHI!!!" cries Kiyone and Washu simultaneously.

"Why do I get a bad feeling that something really bad and probably embarrassing 
on my part is going to happen?" Tenchi muttered to himself and sighed. <Here we 
go again...> he thought.

The commotion was interrupted by a large screeching noise and a brilliant green 
flash, then everybody's vision went black for a moment.

"Where..where are we Washu?" asked Ryoko as she peers around her surroundings. 
<Must be a mansion or something like that..> Ryoko thought, observing the large 
staircase and the blood red carpets that rolled to the carved doors. Ryoko 
noticed it got alot colder all of a sudden, and saw something different about 
herself. Her outfit had changed. She was now wearing a light red vest and shorts 
and a black undersuit. <Not a bad change of wardrobe> she thought. The vest had 
the letters S.T.A.R.S. embossed over one of the pockets.  She glanced around to 
see that everyone else's wardrobe had changed too. Sasami was wearing a white 
and royal blue school uniform, Aeka, Mihoshi, and Kiyone are wearing navy blue 
uniforms also with the letters S.T.A.R.S embossed on the jacket. Glancing at 
Washu, she notices that she is wearing a white lab coat that says Umbrella Corp. 
on the left sleeve.

"Hey! Where's Tenchi? Tenchiii! Where are you?" Ryoko called out.

"Umm. I'm over here." Tenchi mumbled has he walked out from behind the 
staircase, wearing a PINK Hawaiian shirt that says BADMAN in bold letters on the 
back. Everyone was momentarily stunned and speechless to see Tenchi in that 
shirt. Everyone burst out laughing at how insanely wrong that shirt was.  <(Cmon 
people if you've seen the episode of DBZ where Vegita is wearing the same shirt, 
you know what I mean)>

After she could manage to get a hold of herself Washu beamed a smile at Tenchi 
and said "My God Tenchi that has GOT to be the cutest shirt I've ever seen!! 
Cute, but it must go. Hold on I think I can fix it." Washu's spectral laptop 
materialized out of thin air and after a few quick keystrokes, Tenchi found 
himself clad in a black leather jacket, baggy blue jeans and has a shotgun 
holster on his back.

"Now that's more like it" Says Washu, with a nod of approval.

"Hey what's this for?" asks Mihoshi as she holds up an Uzi that came with her 
outfit and stared down the muzzle. 

       "HEY! Point that somewhere else!!" Kiyone screamed. 
       " Yeah that would be smart. Anyway Mihoshi, its very simple how to use 
it. You just point it at whatever you want to die and press the trigger like so" 
explained Ryoko as she blew a hole in one of the paintings with her newly 
acquired semi-auto pistol. Everyone else notices their new firepower.

        "Umm if you don't mind me asking, what are we doing here in the first 
place?" Tenchi asked, sweat beading his brow "This place freaks me out. It's 
like one of those mansions in a bad horror flick" Tenchi said figeting 
nervously.
      " Oh! Tenchi I'm scared!" says Ryoko in a voice dripping with sarcasm, 
wrapping herself around his neck. She whispered something into his ear which 
caused his face to turn interesting shades of red and cause blood to spurt out 
of his nose.
      Washu sighed and said "Hmm.. it appears we have been zapped into another 
dimension, although I'm not sure which. Luckily for me I built a fail-safe into 
the system in case something like this ever happened again. Now alls I have to 
do is access my computer from here. You guys might want to take a look around 
here, it could be educational" she added, grinning.

   "Good idea, let's just see how big this place is-" says Ryoko, cut off in 
mid-sentence as she tries to fly through one of the walls. SMACK. Ryoko doesn't 
exactly go though the wall, and finds out firsthand how hard the brick wall is.

  "OUCH! What the hell?!? Why cant I use my powers?" snarled Ryoko, rubbing her 
head in pain. She brushed herself off and stood up. "Well? I'm waiting."

      "It appears we cannot use any of our special abilities while in this new 
dimension. The only thing from our dimension we can rely on is my Spectral 
Computer." Explains Washu, slightly annoyed at this. "I guess we'll have to look 
the hard way."

       "I think we should split up if you don't mind me saying so, this place is 
a little too big for one group to handle." Said Aeka, glancing nervously about. 

      "I agree. Let's split up. Meet back here in an hour.oh and by the way, see 
these little monitors on your arm? They represent our pulse rates. If they start 
slowing or become a thin line down, that means that person is in trouble. Let's 
hope we don't run into anything like that.I'd hate to think what would happen if 
we all got lost and were hunted by some predatorial being in our vulnerable 
state" Washu said as a matter of factly. "Got that Mihoshi?" she asked
     "Look at the pretty line!" Mihoshi exlaimed. Washu sighed. 

"Ryoko I'm scared. Can I go with you? Please?" begged Sasami. She looked up at 
Ryoko hopefully.

"But Sasami-" says Ryoko,  who clearly wanted to go with Tenchi. She decided 
that she can seduce him another time, and said "Well.ok you can come with me. 
Just don't bother me ok?"

"Thanks Ryoko!" Sasami said happily, hugging Ryoko. Ryoko, not knowing what to 
do, holds her arms above her head as if she was being arrested.

"Thanks Ryoko." Tenchi said and beamed a smile in her direction. Ryoko, not 
knowing what to do just looked at the wall and blushed profusely "Me and Aeka 
will head upstairs to look. Mihoshi and Kiyone you go the opposite way. Washu 
you can come with any of us if you like."

"I don't think I'll be going with anyone. I plan on staying here and monitoring 
you all with my computer. Everyone meet back here in an hour, and try not to get 
in to trouble."

*With that, everyone headed deeper into the mansion to find out what their goal 
here was. Let's just hope everyone emerges with all limbs and vital 
organs..(grins meniacly, and does that evil person laugh thing.) Ok, back to the 
story. Right now we're with Ryoko and Sasami who are headed to..wait I can't 
tell you that. Oh well... I'm sure you'll figure that out in oh say the next 
minute or so*
   "Ryoko this place is scary! What if there are monsters and they attack us?" 
wimpers Sasami as she clutches onto Ryoko's hand.

   "C'mon Sasami don't be afraid. No monsters will come to get you when I'm 
around. Besides, they don't exist.unless you count your sister." Ryoko replied 
as she opened a door into a large hallway with several bloodstains on the wall. 
"Hmm, I wonder what could have made those." Ryoko wondered, and is quickly 
answered. With a large crash, a very very rabid looking dog leaped through the 
windows, froth foaming at the mouth with fangs bared and ready to rip through 
flesh.

"Run Sasami!!" Ryoko shouted as she pulls out her gun and tries to shoot the 
dog. A quick shot sent it spread eagled into a glass cabinet. The cabinet 
shattered all over the dog but, to Sasami's horror got up and leapt at her. If 
it weren't for Ryoko's last second leap, the dog would have had an early dinner. 
Although she got Sasami out of the way, the dog is decided a Ryoko's leg would 
be a fine chew toy.

"Ouch! Godamnit!!" yells Ryoko in frustration as she shoots the dog in the head, 
blowing it off. Somehow she knew Tenchi wouldn't approve that Sasami had seen 
that gore-filled site. <Oh well too bad> she thought. "Cmon Sasami let's get out 
of here.." They both run though the door without looking back and slam it behind 
them. Both sank to their knees, panting from the exhilaration of the fight.

"Hey Ryoko you should let me fix you leg, it looks pretty bad" says Sasami, 
staring at Ryoko's leg, which is bleeding openly from several deep cuts and 
gashes. "Im sorry you got hurt because of me. It's all my fault." Tears begin to 
well up in Sasami's eyes.

"No, Sasami it's not your fault. Don't worry about me, I can take care of 
myself." Says Ryoko as she reaches over and dries Sasami's tears. "Besides, if I 
hadn't you'd be doggy kibble right now. Barbecue flavor, even" She adds and 
laughs.

"I guess you're right.just try and be more careful next time ok?" said Sasami

"Ok fine I'll try. But Sasami, if I don't make it you must promise to use me as 
an alternate food source!" says Ryoko, a psychotic grin forming

"Ewww yuck!"

"Hehehehe cmon kid lets keep going." With that they both get up and explore some 
of the nearby rooms, none with anything of interest except for a very antique 
toilet.

"Ryoko what's that?? It looks like a bird bath!"

"Umm..Sasami that's a toilet I think.."

Sasami looks at Ryoko in shock "Your kidding!"

"Nope."

   "Uhh lets go somewhere else now.away from the birdbath- I mean toilet.."
Now, we are back up and around the house to Mihoshi and Kiyone, who are both in 
shock, well atleast Mihoshi is.

"Oh my God Kiyone what is that on the wall!?!" Shrieked Mihoshi has she pointed 
to the very large wine-red bloodstains on the wall.

"Mihoshi get a hold of yourself. We are Galaxy Police death is part of our job. 
We have to find out what did this and stop it!" curses Kiyone as she dragged 
Mihoshi down the hall by her sleeve, Mihoshi bawling the whole way. Kiyone kicks 
open the door and walks out onto an old rickety porch overgrown with vegetation 
and littered with bird crap. It didn't take long for them to find the body of a 
guy who's eyes were apparently pecked out and had gashes and cuts all over his 
skin..well whatever was left of it anyway...

"Kiyone that's a dead guy!" Mihoshi screamed

"No shit sherlock..." Kiyone mutters

Very swiftly and silently, blurred black objects begin swooping down on the 
branches around the porch, staring at Kiyone and Mihoshi with vengeful 
bloodlust.

"Ki..ki..Kiyone. Look over there! The crows!" before she finishes speaking, the 
crows begin their lethal aerial strike. Kiyone's gun rapidly sparks purple as 
she keeps trying to hit the fast moving targets but misses. One swoops on her 
and nips her arm, only to be swatted down by the stock of her gun. Mihoshi on 
the other hand was doing fine, every shot another bird fell in a heap of 
feathers.

"Mihoshi how do you do that?? I've never seen you shoot that good in my life!" 
Kiyone yelled over the squawking and screeching of the birds.

"I guess playing James Bond video games for 2 weeks really helped my accuracy 
huh?" Mihoshi yelled back enthusiastically. Very soon the remaining crows are 
shot down to a handful, and flock away in cowardly retreat.

"Come back here and fight like a bird!" Mihoshi calls after them

 Kiyone sighs and says "Well, Mihoshi I guess that's all we'll be finding up 
here. Let's head back to Washu and see what she's found." and with that the two 
officers trotted back downstairs, Mihoshi bragging all the way.

Now over to Tenchi and Aeka  <(Guy In audience: That Baka!  Author:Ahem.)> 
Anyway has I was saying Tenchi and Aeka were searching the other side of the 
house. Tenchi was checking out the catwalks above an elaborate dining room with 
crystal chandeliers and dull paintings hung on the wall. Aeka is on the bottom 
floor looking at the paintings and antiques stacked up along the walls. 

 <This place is so boring. It's just like back on Jurai...hmm I know something 
fun to do..> she thought. "Hey Tenchi please come down here there is something 
I'd like to show you." Aeka called up to him, a seductive grin on her face.

"Oh my God.she's not thinking of.is she? No way that's more like Ryoko to do 
stuff like that" Tenchi thought quietly to himself and answered "Hold on I'll be 
right down." With that he hopped the railing and dropped down to Aeka. "Yes,?"

"Tenchi please follow me, there's something I want to show you." said Aeka, a 
mischievous grin still playing her face

"Please please please please do NOT let it be what I think she wants." Tenchi 
thinks, panic starting to ebb up inside of him. Reluctantly, he followed Aeka 
through the mansion to a storage room. She grins at him then locks the door. "Oh 
God NO!" Tenchi says aloud

"Kiss me Tenchi" Aeka says, and grabs Tenchi and begins.well you know, much to 
Tenchi's refusal. <Hey this isnt that bad! I can see why Ryoko tries to do this 
so often!> Aeka thought.

Meanwhile Ryoko and Sasami have ventured up to the 2nd floor. They come upon a 
hallway with traces of blood smeared onto the walls. While Ryoko is used to 
seeing things like blood and gore, Sasami became very frightened and latched 
onto Ryoko's hand like a bulldog.

"Ryoko this place is scaring me, let's go back to the others. I don't wanna be 
here anymore." Sasami said quietly. 

"Sasami, don't worry. If something does come I wont let them get you, you can 
trust me." Ryoko said reassuringly. There conversation was interrupted by a low 
moan and soft footsteps coming from around the corner. "Sasami.stay here. If 
anything happens, run back to Washu ok?" Ryoko said, her golden feral eyes 
flickering towards the source of the sound. Her keen senses detect a new odor in 
the air,the rotting pungent odor of the dead.

"But why? What's wrong Ryoko?" Sasami said but was silenced by another moan, 
louder than the last. 

      Without warning, Ryoko walked down the corridor and rounded the corner 
swiftly. She unholstered her gun and began firing. <What's she shooting at?> 
Sasami wondered has she ran over to where Ryoko was. She got her answer when she 
saw the corpses shuffling toward her. Sasami shrieked in terror and disgust at 
the zombies.

"Sasami run! Get back to Washu quick!" yells Ryoko, turning back to reload her 
gun.

  "But what about you??"

  "Just GO Sasami! I can take care of them." Ryoko yelled has she pushed Sasami 
towards the stairs nearby. "Run! Tell Washu! Have her try to get my powers 
back!" POP. One of the zombie's head rolled down the hall. Sasami reluctantly 
obeyed Ryoko's commands, and made a run for it.

  "Time to teach you guys why you don't mess with the most wanted space pirate 
in the universe." Said Ryoko, an evil grin forming.

"Go to hell!! Or back to it. Whatever." Yelled Ryoko as she takes out 3 zombies 
in quick succession. "Im psychotic and trigger-happy!!!" cackled Ryoko gleefully 
as she polished off the rest of the zombies. She then notices one of them 
dropped something she could find particularly useful. "Hello Mr. Shotgun!" 
thought Ryoko as she picks up a Benelli Tactical Semi-auto shotgun. From 
downstairs, she hears muffled groans and panting. Ryoko got the impression that 
some zombies were probably hiding waiting to ambush her from the closet. Slowly, 
she sneaks up to the closet, and aims her shotgun at the door.
BLAM!!

"What the &%$#??" yells Aeka turning to the door, clearly pissed about her make-
out session being disrupted.

Tenchi gasped and wheezed then managed to say, "Holy s***! I thought I was going 
to suffocate!", then looked over to the door and saw his worst nightmare has 
come true. "Ryoko! It's not what you think, she-" Tenchi said, but is interupted 
by Ryoko.

"How could you?? After all we've been through you'd go pick that (censored)?" 
Ryoko said, then gave turned the death glare on Aeka. "And you, spoiled brat. Go 
to hell." She says, raising up her shotgun to blast Aeka's brains out.

"Ryoko don't! She didn't know-" and is interupted again by Ryoko, who gave him a 
look so dire, well if looks could kill...you know. 

Ryoko turned back to Aeka, fixing her with the glare. "I should kill you right 
now. In cold blood. But, I'm not. Im going to let you live. Do what you want 
with your little boyfriend" she says, menace and rage creeping into her voice. 
She starts to walk back upstairs.

"Ryoko wait!" called after her, but she doesn't even notice or care and runs 
upstairs, her concealed sobs breaking loose. "Great. Just great." Says Tenchi 
following after her.

    "Tenchi I'm sorry..." Aeka said.

   " Why don't you just go back to Washu and think of all the pain you've just 
made her endure. Get out of my sight." Tenchi said has he scowled at her.

"But Tenchi" Aeka says, clearly shocked.

"GO!!!" yells Tenchi. Very reluctantly, Aeka walks out of the room and 
disappears. 

Back in the Main Hall, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu were trying to relax when 
Sasami bursted through the doors panting. "Washu! This place is horrible! There 
was this killer dog and dead guys and...." Sasami ranted on. "Calm down Sasami 
and explain to me what happened in a logical way." Washu said soothingly. Sasami 
blurted out all of what happened to Ryoko and herself, leaving out the part 
about the toilet of course.

   "Washu you gotta try and get Ryoko's powers back!" Sasami said sort of loudly

   "It's ok Sasami. I've been trying to do that for a long time and I think I 
just figured out how. You see, only our minds are inside the Dimensional Tuner. 
Our bodies are outside it, unconscious but still functioning. I've been trying 
to hack into the machine to get Ryoko's powers back. The only problem is my 
fail-safe is keeping the door shut. I have to regain everything in a systematic 
order. Understand?" 

"Ummm" says Mihoshi

"You don't understand."

"Ummmmm"

"Get out of my way"

Mihoshi looked as if she's about to burst into tears.

"Anyway all we can do now is wait and see what Tenchi, Ryoko, and Aeka can 
find."

Shortly after, the doors burst open again and Aeka stormed through.

"Aeka? What's wrong?" Sasami asked politely

"I dont want to talk about it Sasami."

"Oh. Alright whatever you say," replied Sasami, a look of concern spreading 
across her face.

Up in the attic of the house, Ryoko sits, her eyes staring somewhere far away.
"Why would he do this to me? Why? Did I say something wrong? Please Tenchi tell 
me..." Ryoko thinks to herself, a tear starting to form. Her fists clench and 
she grimaces noticeably when she thinks of what she saw in the closet. "It's 
over. I'll never be able to win your heart...it's all over. She's won. The 
bratty princess has won. Why did she have to take the one thing I cherished most 
in the universe? She's gotten everything she ever wanted in life, but me, I get 
nothing. No parents, brothers, or sisters. Always running from one bounty hunter 
or another..." she thinks aloud, tears starting to flow freely down her face and 
continues on....

Back to Tenchi (someone in the audience shouts: BAKA!!! Author: I told you to 
shutup! Next time im sicking the doggie on you!), anyway Tenchi was bumbling 
around, trying to find out where Ryoko went when he heard someone's voice, deep 
and monotone boom "S.T.A.R.S. must die!" It seemed like it came from afar, but 
the footsteps were growing nearer. Tenchi did what was natural to him when 
danger came, he ran into the nearest room and hid under the bed. He prayed to 
the kami that he wouldn't be found by whatever it was. Peering out from under 
the bed, he saw the thing that walked by him. For a second it stopped, as if 
suspecting that someone was watching him, then continued on. He was a goliath, 
about 10 feet tall and shoulder like 4 feet wide. He carried a rocket launcher 
on his shoulder and wore a gray coat. That was about all he could tell from the 
backside. Then Tenchi decided he'd follow it and see where it went, when he 
remembered something. STARS. Isn't that what was on Ryoko's vest? It finally hit 
Tenchi. That thing was going to try and kill Ryoko. (same guy from audience: Get 
going you BAKA!! Author: Ok annoying little bastard that is interupting my 
story, prepare to die! (sings) Who let  the dogs out? Not me...)*
        He knew if he followed that monstrosity, he would find Ryoko. The one 
part he *didn't* figure out was how to stop tall, ugly, and trigger happy. 
Figuring he had to do something, he followed him and hoped something would come 
to him. Once or twice he tripped on the rug and could have sworn the thing had 
heard him, once it had even stopped and turned around, lucky for Tenchi there 
happened to be a garbage can convienently located next to him. "Oh man this is 
gross!" He thought to himself, his face wrinkling at the rancid smell. He looked 
around and picked up a rotting banana peel. "Oh this is lovely" he thought to 
himself eyeing the rest of the trash. He fought the urge to gag and puke all 
over himself, but remembered his life, Ryoko's, and possibly everyone else's 
life was at stake. A minute passed and Tenchi decided it was safe to come out of 
his hiding place. After breathing a few deep gulps of fresh air and a little 
hyperventilation, he continued tracking the monster. Pretty soon he was 
following it upstairs into the attic. "Uh oh, Ryoko must be up here...great. 
There is no way I'm going to be able to escape with her all the way back down to 
the main hall in one peice..." he muttered "But a man's gotta do what he's gotta 
do" he thought. Then he heard them. Someone was sobbing, and he could guess who. 
"Damn he already found her!?!" he yelled then cupped a hand over his mouth. 
"Godamnit! Did James Bond have this kind of trouble on his first mission or is 
it just me??" He thought and raced up the stairs to the source of the sounds. He 
rounded the corner to see Ryoko, apparently unharmed, sobbing away. Tenchi 
realized something was not right here. Where had that thing gone? He looked 
around expectantly, preparing for something to jump out of the shadows and beat 
his @$$ to a bloody pulp. It never came. Still shocked by his astonishment his 
ass was NOT going to become a bloody pulp, he didn't notice Ryoko had looked up 
and was staring at him. Her eyes were rimmed with red from crying, and she still 
looked like she was about to breakdown in tears again.

"Why?" she asked. "I thought you loved me, not her."

"Ryoko I didn't want to kiss her."

The look of sorrow was begining to quickly drain from her face, replaced by 
happiness.

"Really? But then why-"

"She tricked me and locked me in...and the rest is history."

"That bitch! I should have shot her when I had the chance" Ryoko replied, anger 
settling in.

"Kinda reminds you of someone ne?" Tenchi replied with a grin "Anyway Ryoko, if 
you did that none of us could ever forgive you, even me. Think of how disturbed 
Sasami would be for the rest of her life." Tenchi paused to let his words sink 
in. "...but I am relieved that you didnt hurt her. I would have atleast expected 
you to....well...you know.."

"To what?"

"Well bitch-slap her."

After a quick thought she replied "Thanks for the idea Tenchi!"

" Oh great..." he mumbled

"But Tenchi do you...do you really love me?" Ryoko asked hopefully

 Tenchi paused for a moment, startled by the question. He gazes into her amber 
eyes and says"Ryoko I..??" but is interrupted by the Nemesis's catch phrase 
"STARS must die!!" (Author: there he goes stealin my line again. big dumbass.) 
and a cuff to the back of his head silences Tenchi. Mr. Badass has showed up and 
is pissed. Apparently, he knew Tenchi had been following him, and had planned 
this out pretty good. "Unnhh" Tenchi moaned as he slumped to the floor.

"Tenchi!!!" she screams and kneels beside him. Turning towards the Nemesis "YOU 
HURT TENCHI!!!" screamed Ryoko and pulled out her shotgun. BLAM BLAM BLAM. The 
nemesis suffered 3 direct hits, but is still going.
"What the hell?? What is he an energizer bunny???" says Ryoko becoming more 
frustrated every second. 
     "I keep going and going and going...BWAHAHAHA" said the Nemesis. 
    "Damn you! Those batteries never last long anyway!" she yelled, then takes a 
quick glance at Tenchi, and notices a pool of blood is forming around his head. 
"Oh no! I've gotta get him to Washu!" she thought. Then she got an idea. She 
threw her shotgun at the Nemesis which hit him square in the head. Boing! His 
head was resounding like a bell, he slumped to the floor clutching his head. 
Ryoko grabbed Tenchi and ran like hell out of the attic. Pretty soon she was 
running down the hallway with the Nemesis hot on her heels. A loud screech and a 
big BOOM erupted from the Nemesis's rocket launcher as he blew door after door 
off its hinges. 
     Back in the main hall Washu was typing frantically on her keyboard. She 
looked at Tenchi's pulse moniter and saw it was still slowing down, the line 
moving less and less as each precious moment ticked by. "Oh no Tenchi is dying!" 
Washu said frantically. 
     Mihoshi ran over and looked at his pulse moniter, and started shaking it 
frantically "Wiggle you stupid line!!" she yelled at the machine. Washu takes it 
from her, like a parent taking a toy from a naughty child and sighed. Ryoko's 
pulse on the other hand, was moving pretty fast so Washu could guess what was 
happening. Her beliefs were confirmed when a loud BOOM resonating from somewhere 
in the mansion. She glanced back at her moniter which now was showing a smiling 
Washu face. "Eureka! I've done it!" screamed Washu. She is interrupted by 
another loud BOOM and a crash as Ryoko runs through the door with an unconcious 
Tenchi slung over her shoulder and bleeding all over her arm. "Ryoko use your 
powers! Kick his ass!!!" yelled Washu. Ryoko winked and smiled. Suddenly, she 
flew up into the air and over to Washu and layed Tenchi next to her. "Take care 
of him, I'll take care of everything else" Ryoko said, beginning to form a huge 
energy ball. BOOM! The Nemesis has entered the main hall and turns his gaze to 
Ryoko and utters his  catch quote "STARS must die!"

"Not today you dirty bastard." says Ryoko, then hurls the ball at it. Boom! 
Everything was quiet for a moment, except for Tenchi's pained breathing. After 
the smoke clears, the Nemesis was lying facedown on the floor, not moving. 
Everyone cheered for Ryoko but their shouts were quieted by Washu

"Everyone be quiet! Tenchi is dying! Silence!" said Washu harshly. After 
thinking a moment, she typed something on her keyboard and a Medic Spray 
appeared in her hand (Play the game, you'll see). She sprayed the back of 
Tenchi's head and begined bandaging him. When she was done,  Tenchi still hadn't 
regained conciousness. 5 minutes went by. 10 minutes went by. 15 minutes had 
gone by when all of a sudden "What the hell happened?? Am I in heaven??" said 
Tenchi who sat up. He turned and saw Washu and screamed. "Oh my god NO!! Washu 
is here! That must mean im in hell!!! What have I done to deserve this??" said 
Tenchi. Then he saw Sasami, and realized he couldnt be in hell. "Oh wait...im 
still alive."

"All thanks to me of course..." said Washu glaring at him. "Oh yeah and Ryoko 
helped a little bit I guess.

"WHAT????" yelled Ryoko holding the scientist up by her collar and shaking her 
furiously.

"OK OK OK You helped alot too! Sheez.." said Washu.

Satisfied, Ryoko let her down and gave Tenchi a big hug.

"Excuse me you two, I know you want to make happy luvy duvy stuff right now, but 
really save it till were home." Said Washu, who was silenced by a death glare 
from Ryoko. Washu retaliated with bringing up her spectral computer and began 
typing. Ryoko's eyes widened and looked away at this. Washu thought "Thats 
better."

"Ahem as I was saying. When I hit this button we will either be teleported home 
or to another seperate dimension. Hopefully home. Everyone ready?"

"Ready" said Tenchi, who was holding Ryoko's hand. Ryoko blushed a bit then 
nodded yes because she was too nervous to talk. Everyone else nodded, and Washu 
hit the button. Another green flash and poof!
---------------------------------------
 Author's Notes: That was the first episode! Some of you may say Aeka acted a 
little out of character, but hey this is my first fanfic anyway. Don't worry 
everyone acts more in character in the next ep..and following ones. Now, as I 
write this i already have the next 2 episodes down ( I just revised this one ). 
The next two are a little better has I have gotten into writing a little more. 
Read on for the preview.

Next Episode: No Need For a Vampire Slayer
 Everyone is zapped into another seperate dimension, only this time its Buffy's! 
Ryoko becomes the "vampire slayer" for a little while, then Washu gets everyone 
home. But what's this? Ryoko and Washu suffering side effects? Read the next ep 
and find out more stupid..
