Ohayo Tenchi!
A Tenchi Muyo!/Universe mix continuation series written by Nick at 
Tenchi316@aol.com. Now for all the boring copyright stuff. I DON'T OWN ANY OF 
THESE CHARACTERS. I'm just writing about them.
No need for a vampire slayer!
(The story starts on one of those cool time-travel scenes from Chrono Trigger.)
Plop! Everyone lands roughly on the fresh cut grass

"Ahh home sweet..home?" Tenchi said, then noticed he's in a cemetary. He also 
noticed he was wearing *another* black leather jacket and a pair of baggy jeans. 
He noticed everyone elses outfits has changed too. Almost everyone is wearing 
american clothing, not the traditional japanese kimonos and such. He looks over 
to Ryoko, who's hand is still clutching tightly to his. "Umm...Ryoko can you let 
go of my hand? Your cutting off my circulation..." Tenchi asked, his hand going 
pale.

"Oops sorry Tenchi.." she said releasing his hand. "..hey do you like my 
outfit?" Ryoko asked showing off her new outfit, the traditional Buffy outfit, 
black leather jeans and the kool black leather jacket thingy. When Tenchi 
noticed how tight the pants are, blood started dripping out of his nose. Ryoko, 
taking this has a positive reaction, said "Tenchi are you alright? Your nose is 
bleeding." and touched his nose, giving him an innocent grin. She whispered 
something in his ear which made his face go even paler and get the biggest 
nosebleed anybody had ever seen. Sasami, who was watching, grabbed Tenchi's arm 
and dragged him through the cemetary. She stood and faced him.

"Tenchi! Your a naughty boy arent you?" *Yes im sure you all remember this*

"What?? Of course not Sasami..."

"Tenchi if your lying I'll force you to eat canned miso soup for the rest of 
your life! Or you can always have Ryoko or Aeka cook for you" says Sasami, an 
evil grin playing her face. "Say sorry now Tenchi, or else it's miso soup 
forrreeveeer!!"

Tenchi's gaped in horror, his nose twitching and his face growing pale. "No! 
Please not that Sasami! Anything but that!" begs Tenchi. He takes a peice of 
tissue paper and jams it up his nose as insurance. "Sorry Sasami-sama" he says 
and bows.

"That's ok Tenchi!" says Sasami, the evil grin dissapearing as quickly as it had 
come, replaced by her usual cheery smile. She patted him on the back and hopped 
back over to the group.

, Washu had been typing rapidly on her spectral computer, apparently transfixed 
by something. Her eyes seemed like they were held fast to the screen by some 
invisible super glue.

"Hey Washu arent we supposed to be at Tenchi's house?" asks Aeka, looking 
disgusted at Tenchi's show of "affection" for Ryoko and giving Ryoko the death 
glare. She turned to face Washu. "Well? I've just about had enough of this, im 
very tired."

"Hmm it seems that we still have to go through a few more dimensions before 
we'r-AHHHHH"  Washu retorts, but is cut off by a growl from behind her. Washu as 
the vampire that had been creeping up behind her picks her up and throws her to 
the ground. The vamp has her pinned and is ready for the bite. Feebly, she 
manages to type something on her keyboard and a wooden stake appears in midair. 
"Ryoko kill it with the stake!!" yells Washu while bashing the creature over the 
head with her keyboard. Whack! She breaks the keyboard in half and stuns the 
undead creature.

"How am I supposed to kill it with this little stick?" Ryoko asks, clueless. She 
grabs the vamp by its collar and lifts it up off the ground. She turns to Washu 
and looks at her curiously.

"Ahh thank you. Well if you jam it through it's heart that works. Oh yeah, 
beheading works too." Washu says, dusting herself off and straightening her 
collar.

"Gladly!" Ryoko exclaimed, then with a soft pop an energy sword materialized in 
her hand. "Sasami, look the other way please" said Ryoko softly. Sasami obliged 
and with a sharp swish, the vamp's head was rolling on the grass, but not for 
long. In a few seconds, the whole vamp turned to dust. "Oh great what am I going 
to do now carry around a vacuum cleaner?" asked Ryoko sarcastically.

"Ok everyone. Listen up. I think I know how to get home, but im not quite sure." 
said Washu. Everyone stopped and looked at her, including Mihoshi who was 
blowing spit bubbles. "I have an idea! Why dont we click our heels together 3 
times and say There's no place like home! That's what some people did in a movie 
when they were away from their home!" said Mihoshi dazedly.

Everyone but Tenchi looked at her like she was smoking dope. "Mihoshi....has 
anyone given you anything that looks like...ahh....leaves?" asked Kiyone 
hesitantly.
ously.

"Kiyone what would Mihoshi do with a leaf?" Sasami asked curiously.

Suddenly, a bum who was listening in on them jumped in the conversation. 
"Oh dont play so innocent little girl. I've seen you and your little 
friends..sneaking behind the seesaw to smoke some weed. Yeah remember kid ya use 
the booze and ya lose..."

"Eek! Who are you??" Sasami cried and grabbed Aeka's hand.

"The magic bum from hell! Hahahahahahahahaha!" He yelled as he raised a bottle 
of liquor up to his lips and took a long swig. He let loose a loud burp and 
collapsed, piss drunk mumbling "(Hiccup) There a wuz..I wondered through many 
alleys in my piss drunken-ness...then I realized....(hiccup) that the moon is 
not a cookie...(hiccup) what a great scientific discovery;.....ill be famous..." 
Then he passed out.

"The moon's a cookie?? Oh my god!!!" shouted Mihoshi.

Tenchi was very amused by all this, but decided the fun must stop. "Mihoshi, 
that's only in a movie, we're not in Oz and there's no evil witch of the west or 
anything like that...and no flying monkeys either. And no, the moon is not 
edible."

Ryoko looked at Aeka and sneered "Well there IS a witch among us ya know....."

"Take that back Ryoko!!"

Aeka's complexion turned deep red and then she got that wierd vien thing in her 
head. "Ryoko I order you to stop all this nonsense at once!!"

"Yes your Highness-pain-in-the-neck, whatever you say....not"

"Omae o korusu Ryoko!!! (Translation: Im going to kill you!!)

"Excuse me but can we please break it up? We got work to do here and the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe wants to go home!" Washu shouted

"Well the universe's greatest space pirate wants a cappacino but she isn't 
whining about it!"

"I wanna pony!" Cried Sasami

"Quiet everyone!!!" Tenchi shouted. Everyone stopped and looked at him. "Anyway, 
let's all go home. Washu, if you'd be so kind."

"Certainly Tenchi. Everyone, hold on to something because here we go!" Washu 
said, her usual smile returning. Suddenly "You are the greatest Washu!" and 
"Washu the greatest scientific genius in the universe!" was heard. Washu's 
puppets danced around her with fans and confetti, while Washu just smiled. 
Tenchi sighed, he was so realived to finally be able to go home and get some 
rest and relaxation. This journey had been very tiring and stressful for him, 
but hey, that wasnt much out of the ordinary of his every day schedule. He 
smiled and chuckled to himself and prepared to go home. With a flick of a 
switch, everyone was sent into the colorful void.
ZZZZZZTTTTTTT!
The group was traveling through time and space yet again. Their surroundings 
swirled and blended, like they were stuck in a giant caliedescope. All the 
swirling colors and zero gravity was making Tenchi sick. He put a hand to his 
mouth and gagged, then looked down and puked. Unfortunately, he was unaware of 
who was floating next to him. "Tenchi! Watch where your barfing!" yelled Washu 
who's clothes now had some very....disgusting...stains on them. Ryoko floated 
over to Tenchi and patted him on the back "There there, is my darling alright?". 
Tenchi just looked at her like she was a nut, then grinned at her and said "Yeah 
I'm ok, thanks anyway." They smiled at eachother. Washu, who had been watching 
this, was beginning to get very curious. "Something must have happened between 
those two in that mansion...." she thought to herself. She decided this might be 
something worth looking into...then gagged from the smell of her clothes. 
"Bleck!" she yelled
   A strange shocking sensation occured to everyone has they returned to their 
bodies, like someone was pounding your head with a mallet.,. It was strange, but 
didnt bother him that much Tenchi thought, but he was still disturbed. Everyone 
got up, rubbing their heads and shaking themselves loose. Most everyone was sore 
all over from lying on the cold floor for several hours. Ryoko on the other 
hand, was having some unusual difficulties. She sat on the ground, clutching her 
head and moaning. Her moans turned to cries of pain. "Ryoko whats wrong??" 
Tenchi asked has he slid over to where she was sitting. Washu is she alright??" 
he turned to Washu to see she too, had been clutching her head. She collapsed 
into a faint. He turned to Aeka "Aeka go get Washu up to a bed now! Sasami go 
get some ice for them!" He turned back to Ryoko and began frantically trying to 
comfort her, to figure out what was wrong. It was horrible for him seeing this 
happen to Ryoko. She was pained as if every cell in her whole body was being 
electrocuted. She began to shudder and convulse, then stopped. She looked up at 
Tenchi, deep into his eyes. She put her hand around his face and continued 
gazing into his eyes. With a soft murmur, her hand fell limp and she slipped 
into a dead faint. Tenchi's shock and horror was almost too overbearing to think 
straight. It hit him like a hurricane and knocked him so hard he thought he'd 
die. Blinking, he brought himself to his senses and slipped his arms underneath 
Ryoko's unconsious body and lifted her up into his arms. He quickly but silently 
carried her up to his room and lay her on his bead. He ran back downstairs and 
grabbed some ice and sprinted back upstairs. He knelt next to the limp body 
beside him and pressed the ice against her forehead. Realizing there was nothing 
left to do, he lie down beside her and waited.
             Ryoko didnt know what to think, it happened so quickly, so horribly 
fast. It was like her life and several variations of it passed through her eyes 
all at once. There was some good memories....and a whole lot of bad ones. She 
remembered herself being controlled by a pale man with sickly yellow eyes...then 
being imprisoned somewhere dark for a very long time. It was a horrible empty 
feeling of dread, she tried and tried but could never escape the darkness. It 
dragged her down, down below the reaches of the earth and enveloped her. 
Suddenly, a light shone. A boy had freed her from her prison. A boy with a 
familiar face...a boy named Tenchi Masaki. She called to him, beckoning, but her 
vision twisted and she saw Tenchi kissing a young girl with black hair. Ryoko 
screamed, trying to lash out, but couldn't. She was forced to sit and endure all 
the pain. Someone in her head was telling her something, whispering at first 
then yelling. She wanted it to stop. Her vision slipped away in a cascade of 
sorrow, and all fell black again.
          Tenchi didn't know how many minutes or hours went by, it seemed like 
time had frozen to him. It seemed to him like Ryoko wouldnt wake up- he'd tried 
everything. Nothing could help. The same went for Washu. They both just lie 
there, unmoving, silent. They were still breathing properly and their pulse was 
average, but that was the only normal things about them. Tenchi was about to 
fall asleep on the floor when a soft murmur beside him sent him jolting out of 
his sleeping bag and up to Ryoko's bedside. Ryoko was tossing and turning, 
murmering. At first Tenchi couldn't figure out what she was saying, she was 
barely audible. "Tenchi..." she murmered quietly. It sounded as if she was so 
far away. Tenchi shook her lightly, calling her name. She stopped murmuring, and 
her eyes fluttered open. 
    "Ryoko! Are you alright?" he said, his hand trembling with immense relief. 
She looked at him for a moment, as if deciding something. Her eyes narrowed. She 
shuddered and averted his gaze. "Ryoko what's the matter?" he asked again. She 
continued ignore him. Suddenly, the door opened and Washu stepped in, a little 
dazed but apparantly ok.

"Ryoko come with me, there's something I must discuss with you." Washu said, a 
certain gentleness in her voice. Ryoko frowned at her. Washu could tell she was 
determined to stay right where she was. "Ryoko, I know what you saw. Come with 
me, and I can explain it to you."' Washu said again with a hint of annoyance. 
This got Ryoko's attention. She stared at Washu, her eyes unmoving. Her voice 
silent. After what seemed like an eternity to Washu, Ryoko stood up and walked 
over to Washu. Taking one final glance back at Tenchi, she followed Washu 
downstairs to the girls bath. After ensuring no-one was inside, Washu's spectral 
computer materialized in front of her. With a few deft keystrokes her computer 
dissapeared. She turned to face Ryoko. "I've just locked the girl's bath so we 
will have no interruptions. Now, about what you saw...." Washu said and trailed 
off, unsure of whether to continue. "Well? Go on." insisted Ryoko. "Ok then. 
What you experienced were after effects of my machine. Apparently, when Mihoshi 
caused it to malfunction, she did much more damage than visible on the surface. 
Much more. You see, when we came out, we changed. Im sure you are well aware of 
seperate dimensions like this, ones that even contain seperate copies of us. You 
see, when we emerged, these copies merged with us into one body. What you saw, 
were memories of those Ryoko's of different dimensions." she explained.
    "So that's what happened...." she said, her voice becoming small and weak, 
much unlike her usual self.  she thought. She shuddered and stared off into the 
pleasant waters of the elaboratly decorated bath. 
    "Because of this merging, some of us may have gained new abilities and such. 
I know this because I experienced one first hand. We are telepathically linked, 
or should I say your linked to me. I know what your thinking, to a certain 
extent. The only reason I had the same symptoms as you are that I was unused to 
this link and could not control it. This forced you to relive those memories as 
I did. Im sorry about the sorrow I have caused you. Gomen nasai." She said, 
bowing.
      Ryoko was stunned. It was very unlike Washu to apologize to anyone, 
especially her. "You are forgiven, but why are you apologizing to me now? You 
never have before."
      "Because, Ryoko. I felt your sorrow and was reminded of my own. In the 
seperate dimensions, I too had my share of sorrow. Much like your own. Besides, 
your not gonna believe what happened in one dimension."
       "Tenchi chose me!?!?" Ryoko said jumping and hugging Washu.
     "Uhhh.....well maybe. Thats not what I was going to tell you. What is true, 
is that im your mom in one dimension!! Isn't that great?" Washu said and beamed 
a smile at Ryoko.
     "Oh....my.....god...." Ryoko stammered "How did this happen??" she shouted.
     "Well, you see, im not your real biological mother. You were created not 
born. That's how I have this telepathic link."
     "Created???? What the hell??"
     "Yes created. Dont worry, I'll keep that down" She said grinning. "By the 
way, you know that other voice in your head? Dont worry about it, its just 
yourself from the dimension. You see...." she said, going on about Zero and Dr. 
Clay. "Anyway, this is something I think you'll be interested in. Im going to 
demonstrate my new invention soon. My invention will allow everyone to see 
themselves in the seperate dimensions. They will relive their whole lives from 
them, in a matter of minutes. Cool huh?"
     Ryoko nodded "Yeah I guess, but why would this help me?"
      "Geez I'd hoped you'd gotten a little more brains through that dimension 
merge. I'm going to play back Tenchi's memories in your mind. And I will do 
vice-versa for him. You've got to see how that can be useful to you."
     Washu braced her self for what was to come. She expected ecstacy, a whole 
lot of thank you's and hugs. Instead she got "No. I dont want to know what 
Tenchi thinks. It's not right for me to know what he thought. I dont mind if you 
replay my memories inside him, but not his for me. I made a promise to Tenchi 
that I'd win his heart in the fairest of fights, and I intend to keep that 
promise" She said, a proud smile forming. "Besides, I only saw bits and peices 
of my past, and they werent the happiest bits I'd seen. Surely there's more? she 
asked.
       "Im surprised. I thought you would have jumped all over the chance to see 
what he thought of you. But anyway, yes there was much more to your past then 
that. Some im positive you'll dislike immensly...but others....let's just say 
you might like the other dimensions" She said a sly grin forming.
       "Oh really? Anyway, its about dinner time, and I'm starving. Let's go." 
Ryoko said.
      Washu stepped in front of her, her sneaky grin forming once again. "One 
more thing Ryoko. Can you call me mom from now on? Please?" she said in her 
cutesy voice.
        "Umm....maybe..can we go eat now pleease Washu?"
     "What did you just call me?"
      Ryoko sighed. "Can we please go to dinner, mom?"
      "Certainly. Lets go!"

~End

Author: Well now we have the rest of the story set up! I wanted this to be 
appliable to any Tenchi saga, and now it is! hehe. By this dimension merge, Im 
sure i know what your all thinking (especially the Tsunami fans out there.) Yes, 
the light hawk wings, goddess lore, and all those other nifty things from Tenchi 
Muyo! will be grafted into this series. Sakuya, will not however. One, i dont 
like her. Two, she wouldnt be in the story anyway cuz she dont exist anymore. 
Read on for preview

Next Episode: Expect chaos on the part of Aeka. Tenchi see's Ryoko's past and 
feels a new sympathy toward her. Aeka is furious for his feelings towards her. 
And, at long last, Tenchi finally picks, (In case you didnt know, this is a big 
ep.)

