(I don't own Pioneers characters. They don't own mine.)

Old Foe, New Foe;Chapter 3:Dark Side of the Sun

OPENING THEME:Radiohead-Paranoid Android

Meilissa rested her head on her folded arms and stared out the big window in 
the side of the cafeteria aboard the AEON 5. The AEON was a big space 
cusier/carrier that by some means had come into Raven's posession. She didn't 
really care what it was, or how she got there. She was just glad to be safe. 
But she still missed her home. She'd been born on that planet. And even 
though most people there, including her parents that threw her out at age 12, 
disliked her....she was sad to see it being destroyed by the creatures Raven 
had dubbed "the Swarm".

She swatted the bowl of soup aside, to upset to eat. She was still scared by 
the news she'd heard that morning. He'd said that he felt it was their duty 
to go to battle against the Swarm. He didn't want to, but he along with Mike 
and Washu had agreed that this would be the best plan of action. So now she 
was signed up for pilots training. The good thing being she got to pick the 
design and armaments from a big list, the bad being that their was no chance 
of survival, in her opinion.

She looked around, seeing the crew that had been maintaining the ship while 
Raven was away. Most of them pilots of mechs or fighters. Their were also 
mechanics, engineers, and ground troops. They all seemed....so much better 
than her, she sighed. As she sank deeper into her dark thoughts she was 
inturupted by a voice over the PA "Will pilots A-231 and A-344 come to the 
training room at this time."

Melissa grumbled and grudgingly got up from her table. She walked down the 
hall to the training room silently. She entered the room, and got a look at 
the instructor. The guy couldn't have been older than 16, with red eyes and a 
long blue pony tail. He adjusted the collar on his knee length brown leather 
jacket impatiently, eyeing her with dissaproval.

She walked in in silence, viewing the other person in her class upon entry. 
8:08 was standing against a wall with a bored look on his face. "Alright 
pleebs!! Front and center, NOW!!!!", the instructor bellowed before she could 
even so much as wave to 8:08. She walked to an area a few feet before the boy 
and stood in a normal "relaxed" position as she usualy did, 8:08 doing the 
same. She stood looking at the boy, she suddenly approached with an angry 
look set on his face. Without a word he struck her cross the face with a flat 
palm. In the suprise of being hit so, she fell back on her ass.

8:08 leaned over to help her up, only to be kicked in the ribs so hard 
Melissa swore she heard a crack. "When I say front and center I mean at 
ATTENTION!!! Now, get to your feet and....." as he began to chew them out he 
was suddenly grabbed from behind by the neck and lifted off the ground. 
"Gail. Haven't I warned you about abuse of recruits?" sounded a voice from 
behind. Gail nodded as best he could, before he was dropped revealing Raven 
standing behind him. "Now, if I hear of, or see anything like that again 
you're going to be in BIG trouble. Now get up, appologize and remember to 
treat them like you'd like to be treated for Gaia's sake...", he said with a 
slight grin on his face. He helped Melissa to her feet and made sure 8:08 was 
ok before walking out of the room.

Gail coughed and shouted "I'm Jurian, I don't have to take this kind of crap 
from a mere human...", he then stood and slapped her again bringing tears to 
her eyes. At the sound of "human" Raven's ears seemed to prick up, "What did 
you say?", came from his mouth accompanied by a growl like and angry dog. ". 
"I called you a human. Thats all you are, just a rebel human teen. Thats not 
your real hair or eye color. Its all fake.", Gail laughed. Raven didn't 
speak, he stood there for a few seconds then leaped high into the air. 

As he flew up he twisted to face Gail and produced that scythe from the 
handel. He landed 3 feet before the red eyed youth and struck him with the 
blunt end of his weapon on the right shoulder. Gail winced and fell to his 
knees, or he would have had Raven not swung that end cross his face. Raven 
kicked Gail in the head after he hit the ground, causing him to roll back a 
few feet. He then picked up the boy by the neck and brought his face inches 
from his own. "Gail, I have two warnings for you. One, you strike Melissa or 
any other woman on this ship, and I'll personaly execute you. And two, 
never....EVER...call me....human....", he growled before tossing Gail to the 
ground. Gail groaned as he lay on the ground, bleeding. Raven produced a 
small device from his pocket and spoke into an end "Medic to aero training 
room. Medic to aero training room.", boomed over the PA.

"Your new trainer Kerikan will be along shortly. Gail here is gonna need a 
good few days in the infirmirary before he'll be of any use. After that, I'll 
decide his future with the crew...." Raven said walking off. His workboots 
echoing hollowly on the training room floor.

888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
88888

Mike chuckled evily. In retort to the INSULT of having to take that Gail 
moron Raven had booted off his ship yesterday, he'd sent Tenchi over to the 
AEON 5. He leaned back in the leather chair in his office. "Kraft. Pull up 
view screens of training rooms 3, 6, 17, 32 and 5.", he said to the 
apparently empty room.
"Yes sir.", spoke a soft female voice as the screens came into view. 

On the first screen Ryoko stood instruction some of his "friends" who were on 
his ship in hand to hand combat. He'd left this up to her, seeing as she was 
the most computent fighter he'd seen yet.

On screen two, he watched Kitty battleing with a training bot. In her "human" 
form she'd been rather hot. Now, as her catgirl form, she was stunning. And 
she wasn't half bad at fighting either, She was easily dodging and blocking 
the cyborgs advances. She'd make head of a platoon, he'd see to that 
personaly.

The third screen showed Patrik and Ayeka sparring. Pat came at her with a few 
quick bo strikes. She came back with a similar series, plus an un-orthadox 
manuver that knocked him to the floor. "Jurai luck..." he laughed to himself. 
He knew that they would be using guns, mechs and conversion tanks on the 
ground. But Raven and Washu insisted that if they knew hand to hand, and 
we're in good shape they'd have better odds of comming out alive.

Screen four displayed the inside of a trianing simulator where Gravey was 
working on taking out a small squad of mechs from a "Havok" class ACT. 
Suprisingly the fatass was winning. "Nice piloting. Good use of weapons. 
Tageting is pretty good. Hmm...We might be able to use him....", Mike thought 
and laughed.

The final screen was his friend Roxy. She'd watched the ship while he was 
away on Earth. She'd kept it in good order. Especialy because it wasn't 
likely that anyone would screw with a 5'10", 145lb brunete who could bench 
press an Oldsmobile. Well, the engine anyway. But that was beside the point.  
She was one of the best they had. She was in the sniper simulation Mike had 
designed. She was the only person he knew that could outscore him, he didn't 
know how, but she did.

"Kraft. Screens down, I've seen enough.", he said turning his chair so as he 
could look out the Cerberus's window. The screens dissapered, as he had 
commanded. He just stared out, literaly into space. In complete silence. The 
only thing that made tis seem real at all was the sun. It sat several million 
miles away, Earth somewhere on the opposite half. This hadn't been the best 
place to hide from the swarm, but it was better than nothing.

888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
88

Kiyone yawned and stretched. She'd been sitting at the communications screen 
on the bridge for what had seemed like days. She and and Mihoshi had been 
talking with the head of the GP since lunch, trying to get some help in 
"swarm area". They'd finaly gotten the help they needed though. The Galaxy 
Police and Space Defense Force we're sending a carrier each to the solar 
system. They were to rondevouz in the asteroid belt, from there they'd decide 
the best course of action.

She got up and began to walk out of the bridge. "Kiyone, where are you 
going?", Mihoshi asked. Kiyone sighed, "I have ST training today. Get to pick 
my mech and weapons systems, then I get to train for 6 hours in the 
simulator.". "I wonder why I'm not signed up for training. I'd really like to 
get out there and kick some swarm ass! Destroying our home, crashing your 
plane...THE NERVE OF THOSE BUGS!!!!!", Mihoshi began ranting. She didn't stop 
till Kiyone spoke up, "Mihoshi, Raven's letting you use Nightshade. All you 
need to do is learn the crafts weapon systems.", that quieted the blonde 
down. But only momentarily. Kiyone left before the next rant could begin, she 
didn't need a headache at this time.

Kiyone sat down at the small table. She'd found that all mech creations 
started with a one on one with the head engineer. Kiyone sat patiently 
waiting on who ever it was. She was guessing it'd be some psyco like Mike. 
She heard a door open, and turned to see who it was.

Who came in was a teenage girl, Kiyone guessed 17 Earth years for this one. 
She had her pale green hair tied back in two pig tails, that reached to her 
shoulders. Her eyes were a weird shade, kind of a bright orange. She had a 
tanktop and jeans on, accompanied by a pair of heavy work boots, all of which 
had grease and other filth on them.

The girl approached Kiyone and held out her hand for a handshake. "Naomi 
Traverse, head engineer of AEON 5.", she introduced herself. Kiyone was a bit 
shocked, seeing such a young girl on this ship as the head of enigineering. 
"I know, your wondering how such a girl as me could be an enginner at all. 
Listen, all I know is given the materials and time I can fix or build 
anything  you need. I'm the best there is, was, or ever shall be on the AEON 
5. So just put those thoughts aside and we'll build you a mech you can take 
pride in."

Kiyone nodded, a little dumbstruck. But she decided to listen and pick what 
she needed. The first thing to do was choose a mech. They cycled through 
about 20 or so when Kiyone found the "Stryder J-550". The thing was basicaly 
a circular cockpit with a engine and weapons base built around it, and two 
long legs to move the thing. For her weapons, she chose two medium lasers, 
two heavy lasers, a 3x barrel rail gun, and a rocket launcher.

The whole time, Naomi was typing this into a laptop. At the end of the talk 
the computer made a *beep whir click*, and Naomi grinned. "Time to train 
Kiyone. Follow me, we'll go to the sim pods."

Kiyone sat down in her pod, and the doors closed. It was totaly dark for a 
second. Then their was what looked like a window opening up. She saw that was 
how the "eyes" of her mech would look. She could see a long coridor 
stretching out for a good 70m in front of her. "Ok Kiyone, this is the jump 
tube where we launch the mechs from the ship. Lets just make sure your 
harnass is in place...." the transmiton came in. Atthat moment a padded 
shoulder harnass came down over her, stoping at the top of her thighs, 
pinning her legs in place. It suprised her at first, but it was for her 
safety. Even in simulators you had to know everything to do for the real 
stuff.

After the harnass locked down, Kiyone heard Noami doing a countdown. Soon 
after, she found herself flying forward at an alarming pace. She scremed and 
broughther arms up to sheild herself. As she burst out the end of the tube, 
the mech spun wildly upsidown, right side up back and forth between the two. 
Her whole world was a blur. "KIYONE GRAB THE CONTROL LEVERS ON THE SIDES OF 
YOUR CHAIR!!!!", Naomi yelled her voice booming in Kiyone's pod. She grabed 
on to them asordered and the mech came to a screeching halt, giving the pilot 
a severe jolt.

"Damnit Naoimi....", Kiyone said rather dazed, "You could have warned me 
about that..."."Well excuse me, I thought since you'd been with the GP you 
knew how to pilot a mech.", came the reply over the speakers. This was 
followed by a few minuters of control explanations by Naomi. Kiyone gave the 
flight controls a few minutes of trying before she headed to the planet. When 
she got there, she saw a few other mechs standing around. Her object was to 
defeat them as quick as possible. The first time, she barely made it out. But 
the more she did this the better she got. She learned more manuvers, jumping 
and such. Before too long, 
She was entering the higher combat levels, she was having difficulty but 
doing well for her fisrt time behind the controls.

As she exited the sim six hours later, Naomi patted her on the back. "You'll 
do well in combat. I'm not sure how you'll do against the swarm, but you did 
well against mechs. I'm surre this shouldn't prove much differnt." she said 
ginning.

Kiyone slowly made her way to her room. As soon as they'd all completed 
training, they'd head for the belt. She just hoped that this would be a short 
battle. Though, she thought as she smiled to herself, there wasn't much 
chance of bugs standiing up to a fully functional mech.

As she neared her room she saw a crowd of people running the other way. 
Amongst them were Washu, Drew, Cass and a few others. She grabbed Cass as she 
ran by, "What everyone running for?". Cass shot her an annoyed look, "Haven't 
you heard. Raven and Tenchi are going to fight down in the arena.". Kiyone 
stood there for a second in shock. Then she followed Cass, pushing back the 
thoughts that the boys might kill each other.

888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888

Tenchi had suprised himself. He never thought he'd do it, but he stood up for 
himself. Raven had bullied him a bit, telling him that he didn't think he 
could give him control of any troops because he had no idea how to maintain 
control. Tenchi hadn't minded this, till Raven said something about sending 
him back to basic training. He'd trained all his life to fight, and now he 
was being told he had to do that again!?!?

At that moment he'd pushed Raven and told him that he had two choices. One 
was not send him back, two was to find out about his training the hard way. 
Raven chose number two, not smart, atleast thats what Tenchi thought.

Now Tenchi sat at one end of the subspace arena Washu had created for the 
occasion. He saw all his freinds and crew mates in the stands. Talking 
amongst themselves and placing bets on one or the other. He spun his wood 
training sword around a bit, he then laughed to himself and thought about how 
easy this was going to be.

At exactly 5:00pm Earth time, twenty minutes after Tenchi challenged Raven,a 
horn blared over the PA in the room silencing the crowd. Washu's voice boomed 
over the PA once the crowd had fallen quiet. "At the south end of the arena, 
standing at five feet seven inches and weighing one hundred and twenty seven 
pounds, TENCHI MISAKI!!! And at the north end, standing six feet tall and 
weighing in at one hundred and thirty eight pounds, RAVEN MAKIBI!!!", after 
that a mad cackle bellowed over the speakers followed by the word "FIGHT!".

Tenchi lunged at Raven with his "blade". Raven, having opted for a wood 
scythe, side stepped and swung hitting Tenchi with the blunt area opposite 
the blade. Tenchi grunted and fell forward. As he fell he put his hands 
forward and did a hand spring forward. He landed rather unsteadily on his 
feet than ran back at Raven, sword poised to be swung.

His wood blade came down with a *CRACK* against the pole of Ravens weapon. He 
then pulled the weapon back and used an "upstrike" trying to knock the weapon 
up and out of his oponents hands. It might have worked had Raven not back 
stepped. Tenchi's blade went up into the air hitting nothing. Raven used this 
opportunity to kick Tenchi's hand and send the training blade spinning out of 
his grasp.

Tenchi leaped, as Raven followed the kick up with a wicked swing for his 
feet. Raven spun in a 360, and knocked the Misaki kid out of the air. Tenchi 
landed next to his training weapon, and grabbed for it in desperation.

As he reached his feet Raven had come in with a overhead strike. Tenchi 
barely blocked in time. For the next five minutes were a brutal sequence of 
strike and counter strike. "This is stupid, I can't defeat you with toys!!", 
Tenchi yelled throwing his sword aside. "So you admit defeat?", said Raven in 
a tone of mock boredom. "No, just improvising....",laughed Tenchi summoning 
the lighthawk key to his aide. 

The crowd gasped, and Kiyone gulped. This wasn't in the rules. It was just a 
dispute, not a battle. Now it looked as if Tenchi ment to skewer her 
brother.....

Tenchi lunged forward, and had Raven not fallen to dodge, he would have been 
a humanoid sish-kabob. Tenchi missed his target and turned angrily to see 
Raven dusting his shirt off. "Ok, you cheat and I'll cheat.", Raven said 
completely calm. He clenched his fist, and a swirling cloud of dark blue and 
black fog appeared around him.

He unclenched and pointed his fingers at Tenchi. From the cloud burst four 
large gray wolves. The animals snareled and glared at Tenchi with glowing 
eyes. Tenchi stepped back a few feet, a look of panic and disbelief filling 
his eyes. He deactivated the tenchiken, and hung his head in defeat.

Raven smiled, and swung his arms out dispelling the fog and wolves. He bowed 
in acceptance to Tenchi's surrender. Tenchi just fainted.

88888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888

Mike and Ryoko chuckled as they watched the fight over telecast from the AEON 
5. The only thing that troubled Mike was the weird was Raven had avoided that 
first real sword strike. Falling on your back was not a typical manuver in a 
hand to hand, or any other battle.

Mike had Kraft edit that part out and replay it. He did it again and again. 
Finaly he noticed something. It was un-intentional. He could see the suprised 
look on Raven's face as he fell. He looked closerand he saw a silver shimmer 
in the picture, behind Raven. He studdied it for a minute and could make out 
the form of a young girl. "Bird boy got himself a guardian angel...."he said 
to no one in particular.

Well, if thats what it was, it'd had best be able to defend more than one 
person at a time. That would make winning one HELL of alot easier.

888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
888

Closing Theme: SilverChair, Anthem for the Y2K