Pioneer doesn't own my characters, and I have no rights to theirs.

"Old Foe, New Foe" Chapter 2:Escape to the Stars

OPENING THEME: ORGY, Pantomime

As the cars ripped along on highway, a queer dread filled most of the riders. 
Mike was shaking in Ryoko's arms, they were sitting in the back of Drew's 
hearse.  Mike was carrying on, having undergone a serious shock to his 
system, seeing his best friend brutaly murdered really blew his mind. Ryoko 
had a genuine look of concern in her eyes, almost to the point of tears, as 
she held  the weeping Mike to her body. Drew, wasn't dealing with this well 
either. Every so often he'd throw a punch into his steering wheel and swear, 
Ryoko couldn't really say, but she thought Drew was crying if not outside 
than definitely within.

In Cass's truck thier was loud music blarring. Real nerve racking, emotion 
killing 100% metal. Which is what Cass and Kim needed at the moment. They 
we're completely overloaded over what they'd seen, emotionaly drained, and 
not thinking one bit. Kim had her forehead against the passenger side window, 
eyes cold and unfeeling, as if she was dead. Cass was paled several shades, 
and trying her best to keep from running the vehicle off the road.

In Gravey's car, the boys were up to their usual activity for killing brain 
cells. It was all they could think of to do to override the horrific murder 
they had just witnessed.

Kitty had Sasami, Tenchi and Ayeka in her car. Ayeka sat next to her, shaking 
and wimpering. Her purple hair a mess, with a few blood stains from the 
unfortunate Goat clinging to the ends. Sasami was clutching onto Tenchi like 
a leach. Her head burried in his chest, sobbing loudly. She'd honestly liked 
Goat, as a friend of course, and was saddened by his premature passing. It 
did't help any that she had witnessed such a thing at 12 years of age either. 
Tenchi was doing his best to comfort Sasami, while trying not to lose it 
himself. Kitty was exrtemely quiet, as if she'd lost something.

Patrik, 8:08, Mel and Kris took the van since no one else wanted it. 8:08 was 
in a fetal position in the back. He wasn't moving, wasn't breathing, Patrik 
wasn't even sure he was breathing. Mel sat in back with 8:08, her face 
burried in her hands. She was crying loudly, droning on and on about how it 
should have happened to Mike, not Goat. She had an EXTREME distaste for Mike, 
she never revealed her reasons to anyone, but she just didn't like him. Kris 
stared out the side window, she was nervously wringing her hands, but the 
rest of her body remained still. Patrik swore the girl was in shock, but he 
wasn't entirely sure. Patrik himself was dealing with some deep mental 
issues. He'd only seen people die on the news or in movies. Seeig that first 
hand had really messed his head up.

In the lead of the solemn caravan was Raven. He was extremely quiet, as was 
the whole car. The stereo, for once, was off. And Raven himself seemed 
preoccupied. He had good reason to be so, being run out of his home and 
seeing a friend killed, but this was weird even for Raven. He wouldn't even 
hold Mihoshi's hand to comfort her, which he knew she needed, he just chose 
not to. Mihoshi had her hands in her lap and her head down, as if praying for 
Goat. Kiyone and Washu sat in the back. Washu was working on an analasys on 
the bio-mech tissue that had been all over the house. Kiyone, just sat and 
tried to push the horrid sight out of her mind. She didn't want to hear 
Goat's skull spitting, or his weak cries for them to leave. She didn't wan to 
see him in THAT THING'S clutches. She didn't want to remember him like that. 
But her mind wouldn't cooperate.

As they tore down the backroad it began raining. Not just raining, but sheets 
of water poured from the sky. Wave's of rain passed over the cars as Raven 
came to a stop at a dead end not far from a forested area. "Why are we here? 
Shouldn't we be heading for town?", Kiyone snapped, she didn't mean to, but 
it came out like that. It was understandable though, why drive out into the 
woods when theirs an impending alien invasion in the works? "This is where I 
hid it. Besides, theres no time look.", Raven said pointing out the 
windshield. Kiyone looked out the miniscule back side window, and saw a 
veritable fleet of flaming objects hurling twords Earth. "There are more of 
them comming now, by the time we got to town it would be too late. Now, out 
of the car. Signal for the others to follow.", he said as he opened his car 
door and stepped into the squall. The rain ran down his black trenchcoat, 
making it look to be made of something other than leather. The girls sat for 
a moment, than piled into the clearing. 

Kiyone saw the rest of the group, grudgingly getting out of the various 
vehicles that had brought them here. Raven climbed up on his cars roof, and 
spoke. "It's clear that that those things in the house are not of this 
planet. And from what I've seen, if we went to town it'd be too late. So 
we're leaving Earth behind. Theirs one problem, my patroler can only cary 
half the group. Unless we have another ship, half of you will be left 
behind.", upon hearing this Ryo-Ohki leaped into the air with a "miya!" and 
assumed the form of her bio-ship self. Ryoko said, "You heard him. Half of 
you to my ship, the rest follow Raven." With a wave of her hand, a teleporter 
enveloped half the kids standing there and pulled them aboard Ryo-Ohki. With 
a very loud "MIYA!" the ship was off and running for the stars.

"Ok, follow...", Raven began but he was cut off by a droning whine. The group 
didn't have time to see it comming. One of the "bio-asteroids" slammed into 
the van, cutting through it like a hot knife through butter. The van, in 
turn, exploded flipping several neighboring cars into the air as if they were 
nothing more that cardboard. A tremendous shock wave ripped through the air 
and ground shaking the general area, Kiyone who was still a bit weak fell to 
her knee's as she watched the cars fly and scatter. Kittys car was tossed 
sideways, and Gravey's car flew up in an arc, slamming nose first just feet 
from Ayeka. 

Ayeka screamed with panic as the mud flew up onto her as the car dug its nose 
into the forest floor. She didn't stop until Patrick grabbed her and pulled 
her away. She just held onto him and cryed, scared senseless. But the cars 
were the least of their problems, as the pod opened with a hiss, a form 
emerged....

The creature, like the one they had encountered in the house, lurched forward 
with amazing speed. It's heavy clawed feet digging into the earth. It stopped 
a few feet from the group.  Its lips curled back in a hideous sneer, and it 
spoke. Not english, or any Earthen language. This was vile, inhuman, and full 
of coruption. "Ouy rea deda. Ew lure sith taplne wno. Rethe si on pescae mofr 
su......", with the last word spoken it began to laugh. A growling sound, 
like an enraged animal combined with a chimplike howl filled the air as the 
beast lifted its arms to the sky and charged at the fallen Kiyone.

As it neared, Kiyone began to scream. She shut her eyes, turning away from 
the hideous beast. She awaited the first strike of its claws. But the blow 
never landed.

As Kiyone opened her eyes, she gasped in shock. There was her brother, 
standing toe to toe with this creature, defendng himself with what apeared to 
be a long pole made of bone. The pole bore a long curving blade at one end. 
Raven had this thing thrust up against the blades on the creatures extra 
arms. The beast growled, and used one of its hands to push her brother aside.

It prepared to attack again, but Drew leaped in front of it. "You wanna go 
bitch?" he said pulling a small Tenchi-Ken like handle out of his pocket. The 
creature laughed and raised its arms to kill. As it swung, Drew's "handle" 
roared to life, a battle axe taking form in his hands. He brought it up to 
defend himself, defering one of the creatures blades. As the creature swung 
again, Drew ducked, and lashed out at the beasts legs. The monstosity fell on 
its back, but rolled to a standing position. Raven came flying into the fray 
with a wild yell, swinging his weapon with the accuracy of a master. It 
implanted itself in his enemy's back quite nicely. It let out an enraged 
scream and lashed backwards with its claws. Drew took this time to bring his 
axe up and bury it in the head of the alien. The thing spasamed once more, 
and popped Drew in the face knocking him to the ground then lay dead. Raven 
deactivated his weapon, and helped his sister to her feet. As the group began 
to make their way to the actual forest, they could hear more and more of the 
creatures comming from the woods. "There surrounding us...." said 8:08, "What 
do we do now? I'm scared...." Mihoshi whined clutching onto Raven. "That, 
that's easy. We run!" Drew said sarcasticly.

Just as they put his words into action, a new trio of creatures burst from 
the woods around him. Raven grabbed his sister and his fiances hands and 
dragged them along. Drew kept yelling "Move! MOVE! MOVE!!!!", waving the rest 
into the woods. As they ran into the woods,  they could hear Drew yelling and 
serval gunshots combined with screaming of the creatures. Melissa kept 
shouting, "Shouldn't we be waitng for Drew?", Raven looked back "He can 
handle himself. So I'm sure we'll be seeing him shortly.".

They began to run, straight back into the woods. Following a shallow path 
carved in the floor amonst the trees. All they way they could hear the savage 
creatures smashing through the timbers behind. Raven guided them to a small 
opening in a hill side. "Quick, go in there.....NOW!!!", "What?? We'll be 
trapped...You can't honestly ex-" 8:08 yelled. "Yes eight, I expect you to 
trust me on this. If you don't want to, fine...Stay here and play with the 
little beasties....", Raven yelled getting in his face. 8:08, flinched and 
looked as if he was going to try to fight Raven on the issue. But instead, he 
nodded and obediantly climbed down. He was followed by Kiyone, who needed a 
little aid getting down, so he helped her with that.

As Kiyone reached the floor of the cave, she took a look around an gasped. 
Inside was a GP patrol ship. But, it looked somewhat differenet from those 
she typicaly saw. In most respects, it was identical to the one Mihoshi used 
when away from the Yagami. But there were some drastic differences. For one, 
the usual greyish coloration was gone, instead the hull was made out of a 
smooth silver metal. This metal was almost mirror-like, and it gave the ship 
a supernatural look. Next difference was that there appeared to be a few 
weapons added to the ship's arsenal. One by one the group descended into the 
cave. As the last of them entered, Raven opened a small hatch in the ships 
side. "Get in!!!" he said waving them in franticly. They wasted no time 
boarding. Within seconds of the doors closing they could see the creatures 
dash in through the mouth of the cave. As they slammed into the door a loud 
metalic "THUD" could be heard.

Raven ran past the others, and into a VERY modified control room. Their was 
but one chair, and it was in the center of the room. It was in the center of 
a large circualar raised section. He laped into it, and a shoulder harness 
came down over him. This was followed by a metal strip, from which a bright 
green visor dropped from. A semicircular keyboard  flipped out of holes on 
the floor by the side of the chair.
Kiyone stood in the doorway, watching as Raven seemed to be prepping the ship 
for flight. "Hold onto your ass......" he shouted into the intercom as the 
ship roared to life.

The engines kicked on with a start, the whole cave was filled with a firey 
hellish glow. The ground shook as the ship began to lift off the ground. As 
soon as the ship had pulled free of the ground it gave a mighty kick forward. 
The cockpit burst through the wall, sending rocks and debris flying back over 
the body of the ship. Within minutes of takeoff they began to streak twords 
the other side of the sun. why they were going there Kiyone had no idea, but 
she knew she was alive. That was the impotrant thing.....

CLOSING THEME:Metallica, Unfogiven II

88888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888
