Something Old Something New

A Tenchi Muyo fan-fic written by Scott Satterfield (zed@simplynet.net)
and edited by Warren Roselius

//** Insert disclaimer here **\\

     First I'd like to thank Warren Roselius for his help in editing this.
With out who's help I imagine many of you would give up in disgust at my
horrible
spelling. :)

     This is the first time I've ever written a fan-fic.  In fact I don't
even read that many.
     My friend Warren started sending me a few and it piqued my interest so
I wrote "Something Old Something New" as a sort of personal hobby.  Warren
read it,
     liked it, so I decided to post it here.  I'm a Tenchi fan but I've
only seen OVA
     episodes 1-13, Pretty Sammy and The Mihoshi Special.  Because of this there
     may be some inconsistencies with the TV show and other OVA's.

     This fan-fic is written in a loose script format.  Don't expect art in the
     descriptive
     paragraphs. :) Rather than sweet over each paragraph for a novel I
chose to just
     describe the scenes in my own words, as if I was telling a story
rather than
     writing
     a book.  I've had some problems getting the text alignment to convert
correctly
     to ASCII format (looks good on WordPerfect 7 though).  Sorry if this
makes it
     difficult to read.  Hope you like it! :)



          Fall at the temple.  The sky is crystal blue with small white puffs of
          cloud.
          Red and yellow leaves drift slowly in the outside bath.  In the
distance you see Tenchi hoeing the carrot fields, little-girl Ryo-ohki is
dancing around and you can just barely make out "Meow!".

          Mihoshi is sweeping leaves off the front steps of the house.  In
the background Ryoko is lazily reading some sort of book, probably a
romance manga.

          Close-up of Mihoshi's smiling face as she sweeps.  A faint
rumbling is heard and Mihoshi looks up with a puzzled look.

Mihoshi:  Huh?

          Ryoko looks up from her manga and looks in the direction that
Mihoshi is looking, toward the heavens.

          A tiny speck twinkles in the sky, it grows quickly in size until
the form of some sort of small plane or ship can be seen.  The noise it
makes is like one sonic boom over and over.  The ship leaves strange little
puffs behind it.  Windows in the house rattle.

          Cut to various scenes.  Princesses Ayeka and Sasami looking up
puzzled as a tea set rattles between them.  Tenchi's grandfather with a
puzzled look.  Tenchi stands up, wipes his brow with his sleeve and looks
toward the noise.  Ryo-ohki lets out a puzzled "Meow?".  Finally Washu in
her office see's a blinking light appear on a "screen".  She types a bit
and looks at the screen with a frown "Hmmm."

          Cut back to Tenchi, he throws down his hoe and starts running
toward the house.  Little-girl Ryo-ohki pops into bunny-kitty Ryo-ohki and
hops on Tenchi's shoulder before he get's very far.

          A small ship, shaped more like a futuristic jet plane than a
"normal" ship accelerates toward the temple at an ungodly speed.
Princesses Ayeka and Sasami  walk outside together, they look  puzzled.
Ryoko and Mihoshi are staring up at the small craft with their mouths
agape.  The ship continues to speed toward the temple.

Ryoko:    Shouldn't it be slowing down by now?

          Mihoshi turns to Ryoko and then back toward the ship.  The ship
continues to plummet.  Everyone shuffles nervously...the ship comes on.
Now they're worried.  The ship is still falling.  Sasami buries her face in
Ayeka's robe.

Sasami:   I'm scared Ayeka!

          Ryoko grimaces in alarm and sinks into the ground.

Ayeka:    Ryoko!  You come back here!

          Tenchi runs up and recoils back at the site of the ship about to
smash into the temple.  Super-fast flash between Mihoshi, Ayeka and Sasami,
and Tenchi's and Ryo-ohki's face as they all scream in unison!

          Like someone stopping the film, the ship stops.  Going from
several hundred miles per hour to hovering in place instantaneously.
Everyone is cringing in fear but slowly they begin to relax as they realize
that they aren't dead.  Ryoko timidly pokes her head (down to her eyes) out
of the ground to see what happened.

          Princess Ayeka fumes at the back of Ryoko's spiky hair bulging
out of the earth.

Ayeka:    *grrrr* RYOKO!

          The ship hovers for a second and then lowers to the ground
gently.   Sun glints off of its tinted cockpit window.  With a small clank
and hiss the window pops up about 3" and slides back.  Everyone gasps and
then goes "Huh?" as the inside of the small one man fighter reveals a tall
handsome man in a white robe (slightly decorated, but not gaudy) wearing
tiny spectacles stares out at them.  Though he doesn't look much like him,
          this man could be described as looking something like Kagato.
With a dexterous move he hops out of the cockpit.  Long straight black hair
(down to his waist) flies up as he does so.  His demeanor is that of
someone totally at peace with the world, he's one cool cucumber and looks
like he can take care of himself.  The over all effect of Geoyoshi's
entrance is one that inspires awe.

          Geoyoshi scans the group casually.  His eyes stop momentarily on
Ayeka and Tenchi.  Without preamble he states in a soft but steel edged
voice.

Geoyoshi: Princess Ayeka.  Your father has sent me to challenge Tenchi to
battle.  If I win you and Princess Sasami are to return with me.

          The group react with alarm (Ryoko is floating in the air at this
point).  Tenchi grimaces and clenches his fist around the master key (sword
hilt).  Geo pauses, lets this soak in and continues.

Geoyoshi: I might as well tell you now I have no intentions of fighting
Lord Tenchi or returning you or your  sister home, unless of course you
would like me too.  I am at your service your highnesses.

          With that Geoyoshi bows slightly, as if he is nearly their equal.

          Again the group reels back with the sudden threat and release of
danger.
          An uncomfortable silence settles for a few seconds.  Pan back to
see everyone, hair and clothing blowing slightly in the breeze.  Mihoshi
happens to look down, the ships arrival has covered the steps with leaves.
Close-up of Ayeka.

Ayeka:    If you aren't here to return us, then why did you come?

Geoyoshi: Your father told me that...

          Before Geo can finish Washu walks out of the open doorway.

Washu:    What's going on out here?

          The effect on Geoyoshi is incredible.  His eyes open wide and he
gasps.  His cool is totally gone.  He takes a few hesitant steps forward
and then rushes toward Ayeka, Sasami and Washu.  Washu reals back and let's
out a startled cry.  Geo stops about three steps from the top of the
stairs.  He's breathing hard and trembling.  Collecting a LITTLE cool he
says in a shaky voice.

Geoyoshi: Dr. Washu!  It's..it's my greatest honor to stand before you!
I...I've idolized you since I was but a boy, your work has meant everything
too me!

          Cut to Washu.  She's got a look of shock and horror on her face
and a slow blush creeping across her nose.

          Trembling for a second Geo then preforms a VERY deep bow!  So
deep in fact he hits his head on the top of the steps! *THUNK!*

Geoyoshi: Ouch. (In a voice very much like how Mihoshi would say it.)

          Cut to Washu.  You can see Geo still bowing and Washu's face is
VERY red at this point.  Tenchi's father comes walking around the side of
the house.

Grandpa:  Hey.  What's going on here?

          Geo raises up, he's got a red mark on his forehead.  He looks
toward Tenchi's grandfather, a small amount of blush has crept into his
cheeks.  Geo stands straighter and blinks a few times.  He then holds his
specs with his left hand, as if adjusting them and squints at Tenchi's
grandfather.  Tenchi's grandfather looks amused.  Geoyoshi then bows (as he
did for Ayeka and Sasami) to Tenchi's grandfather.

Geoyoshi: Lord Yosho.

          Tenchi's grandfather laughs and runs his hand through his hair.

Grandpa:  You must be confused.  That is my ancestor, long dead now.

          Tenchi's grandfather then scowls harshly, as if daring Geo to
rebuke his claim.  Geo pauses for a second and then clears his throat.

Geoyoshi: I see.  Excuse me, I mistook you for someone else. (Very formally
given)

          Tenchi's grandfather and Geoyoshi stare at one another, as if
having a battle of wills.  Tenchi just scratches his head as if to say
"What's all the fuss?"

          Geo starts to look away casually...in doing so he spots Washu
leaning against the door jam with her arms crossed.  She's looking at Geo
with some intensity, studying him.  Geo gulps loudly and speaks in a very
nervous voice.  His eyes constantly darting toward Washu.

Geoyoshi: I..uh...I hope my entrance wasn't to dramatic for you.  I forgot
to tell...er...Temujin to slow our descent in a more..um...I mean less
er...  You see my ship has inertia canceling capability so I can..um...

          Suddenly everyone begins talking at once.

Everyone: "Who's Temujin."
          "Inertia what?"
          "Isn't Temujin Genghis Khans' name?"
          "How did your ship do that?"
          "Hey mom, this guy seems to REALLY like you, why don't you forget
Tenchi and..."
          "Did you come all the way from Jurai in THAT tiny ship?"
          "Can I go for a ride in your ship?!?  Please Ayeka?"


Washu:    Quiet!!!!  Now...could someone tell me WHAT THE HELL is going on?
<pause>  Please???  <sweat smile>

          You can barely make out Geo gasping when Washu smiles.

Mihoshi:  Well, you see Little Washu, this man was sent by Ayeka's father
to kill Tenchi and...

Washu:    What?

Mihoshi:  ...only he's not going to kill Tenchi but he IS going to take
them home if they want him too...

Washu:    Huh?  Ayeka and Sasami are going home?

Mihoshi:  <blink> If they want to, anyway so this guy...  Oh!  I forgot the
most important  part!  His ship, that little one over there, it came out of
the sky REAL FAST!  And we where all scared and Ryoko was hiding like a
coward and...

Ryoko:    HEY!  Who you calling a coward!

Mihoshi:  We thought the ship was going to kill us all for sure!  But it
didn't so that's good, anyway...

Washu:    Stop.

Mihoshi:  ...I was sweeping off these leaves and Tenchi runs up and this
ship is going to CRASH INTO US!  But then...

Washu:    Shut up.

Mihoshi:  ...it just sort of stopped!  Just like that! <snap fingers> So
then we where happy because...

Washu:    Shut up!

Mihoshi:  ...we weren't dead and so this ship lands!  And then that guy
hops out and...

          Washu grabs Mihoshi and shakes her violently.

Washu:    Shut up you bubble brained idiot!!!

          Mihoshi looks dazed and her hair is all mussed up.

Mihoshi:  Oh my!

          Suddenly Washu points an accusing finger at Geoyoshi.

Washu:    You!  Are you here to hurt Tenchi?!

Geo:      Nnnno ma'am!

Washu:    Are you planing on forcing Ayeka or Sasami to go back with you?

Geo:      Nnnno...

Washu:    Then what the hell ARE you doing here anyway?

          Geo is trembling violently.  Taking a few unsteady steps toward
Washu he then sinks to his knees and put's his bruised forehead on the
ground at Washu's feet.

          Feeling a little deja vu Washu blushes and grimaces at the same time.

Geoyoshi: Oh Dr. Washu...I...when I learned that you where here I knew that
nothing could stop me from coming!  I've idolized you from when I was a
boy...from when I first read your paper on Twenty Six Dimensional Space!

Washu:    You read that when you where a boy?

Geoyoshi: I've read all your publications Dr. Washu!  Space/Time Curvature
Aberrations Near Massive Stellar Bodies, Mutogenetic Reconstruction of
Artificial Life, Applied Chaos, The First Two Femto Seconds of the
Universe, Negatively Curved Space Theory, The End of Entropy...

          Everyone's eyes glaze over as Geoyoshi spits out paper after
paper.  Washu looks stunned, as if someone has just asked her if she
happened to have a weasel and panda bear sandwich in her pocket.

Washu:    Hold on!  Hold on!  All of them?  You read them all?

Geoyoshi: Of course Dr. Washu!  You're the greatest scientist the Universe
has ever seen!

          Washu turns the color of a fire truck!  Over Geo's shoulder Ryoko
and and Mihoshi just look at each other as if to say "Huh?"

          Still on his knees Geo pleads with Washu.

Geoyoshi: Dr. Washu, please allow me to become your apprentice.  I'll do
anything to work with you!  I'll calculate anything!  I'll organize your
files for you!  I'll sweep the floor and cook your meals!  Please Dr.
Washu...I...I...

          Looking as if he's about to cry, Geo bows his head and whispers.

Geoyoshi: I've always dreamed of this day.

          Over Geo's shoulder Ayeka, Mihoshi and Ryoko are giving the old
"I can't believe this is happening" look.  Washu looks like not only did
someone ask her for a weasel and panda bear sandwich but she DID have one
in her pocket and a salt shaker and table cloth to boot!

Washu:    Uh...yea...sure...I could use some help in the lab.  So...um...I
guess you're a scientist too then?

          Washu laughs nervously.  Geo looks up, his face is very pale and
his eyes a bit big.

Geoyoshi: Did...did..you say yes?  Dr. Washu?

Washu:    Yea, sure.  I mean what could it hurt?  The more the merrier.
          <winning smile>

          Pan back to see Tenchi, little-girl Ryo-ohki, Ayeka, Sasami,
Mihoshi, Tenchi's grandfather and Ryoko let out a huge sigh and fall over
backwards.

          Geoyoshi just stares at Washu for a few uncomfortable seconds and
then promptly faints head first into Washu's chest.  Washu shouts in
surprise and blushes again.

          Close-up of Ryoko.  Her arms are crossed and she looks disgusted.

Ryoko:    He seemed so cool until he saw mom.  Then he became the Otaking.
What a geek.

Ayeka:    He did seem rather striking...at first. <frown>

Mihoshi:  I think it's cute!

          Ryoko and Ayeka slap their foreheads simultaneously. *SMACK!*

          Scene pans up from the ground.  Geoyoshi's still on his knees
with his head on Washu's chest.  Ryoko and Ayeka are looking on with
disgust.  Mihoshi is clapping her hands and dancing around.  Tenchi,
Sasami, Tenchi's Grandfather,  and little-girl Ryo-ohki just look confused.
A very large sweat drop has formed on the back of Washu's head.  Fade out.

          Fade in.  Geoyoshi laying on the floor with a washcloth on his
forehead.  He's still asleep.  Switch to Geo's view as he wakes up.  Blurry
image of Ryoko slowly comes into view.

Ryoko:    Hey there Mr. Wonderful.  Have a good nap? <evil grin>

Geoyoshi: Wha?  Where am I?  Who are you?

          Ryoko claps her hands together and talks in a high pitched,
silly, voice.

Ryoko:    Why!  I'm your fairy godmother and I'm here to help you get to
the ball sweet prince!

          Ryoko throws her head back and laughs evilly at Geo's expense.
Geo just blinks and looks around the room.

Geoyoshi: I remember King Azusa ordering me to defeat someone named
Tenchi...and then he said something about Dr. Washu and...

          Ryoko rolls her eyes and puts her hands on her hips.

Ryoko:    Wow.  You've really got a thing for my old lady huh? <smirk>

          Geo blinks a few more times.  Rubs his fists in his eyes and then
adjusts his specs.  He then looks quite intently at Ryoko, squinting.
Seeing this Ryoko floats up a bit with a look of agitation on her face.
Geo then starts a little, looking surprised.

Geoyoshi: Hey!  Aren't you the legendary space pirate Ryoko?  Yes!  It is
you, 97% probability in fact.  Probably lost that 3% because your body's...

          Geo stops in mid sentence and looks embarrassed/scared as Ryoko
clenches her fists   and glares down at Geoyoshi, murder in her eyes.

Ryoko:    What?!?  My body's what!?!

Geoyoshi: Oh!  Nothing!  Nothing!  I probably just need to clean my lenses!
Yes, I'm sure of it.  Just a hazy image that's all.

          Geo takes off his spectacles and begins to clean them on his
robe, pointedly NOT looking at Ryoko.  Ryoko calms down a little and puts
on a look of arrogant indifference.

Ryoko:    Say...what have you got there?  Those aren't normal glasses are they.

          Geo looks up with his specs in his hand.

Geoyoshi: No, in fact these spectacles are actually a computer.  The
computer exams the things I see and gives me important information about my
environment.  For instance.

          Geo looks around the room and stops at the television.  He looks
at it for a while and then looks up.

Geoyoshi: Your television has an electron gun that's loose in it's socket.
Does one of the colors fade in and out?


Ryoko:    <looking surprised> Yea, actually the red comes and goes, we've
been meaning to get a repairman to come look at it...

Geoyoshi: No problem.  I can fix this in just a few seconds.

          Geo goes from a sitting position to standing in one fluid motion.
Again the viewers get the impression that King Azusa knew what he was
doing sending Geo.

          Geo hands his spectacles to Ryoko and begins turning the
television around so he can work on it.

Geoyoshi: Here, try them.  Just look at something, the more you look at it
the more data the spectacles will give you.

          Geo turns toward the TV and says in a commanding voice.

Geoyoshi: Screwdriver.

          A normal looking screwdriver materializes from out of nothing
into Geo's hands.  The only odd thing is the end is flat, not shaped like a
screw driver at all, just a metal shaft with a flat end.  Nonetheless Geo
begins removing screws with it, as the screws come out you can see the
screwdriver has shaped itself like the screw head, to fit perfectly.  Ryoko
looks over, her head cocked in surprise.  Geo doesn't notice and keeps
working.  Pan to Ryoko eye view through spectacles.

          Data scrolls all over the specs, like Terminator, but some of it
is readable in semitransparent letters in the middle of the screen.  Ryoko
is looking at Geo.

                    Geoyoshi Yamashirogumi
                         Age:      10,932
                         Occupation:    Scientist and Inventor
                         Status:        Extremely Dangerous
                         Threat:        Negligible

          Cut back to Geo with the back off the television.  He's poking
around with the screwdriver trying to get the electron gun back in place.
The view is such that you can see Princes Ayeka walk in the room.


Ayeka:    Ah, I see our guest is awake.  And making himself useful already?

          Ryoko turns to look at Ayeka, spectacles perched on her nose.
Ayeka smirks.

Ayeka:    New look for you Ryoko?  Do you think Tenchi will like you more
if he thinks you're smart?   <larger smirk>

          Pan back to Ryoko's eye view and the spectacles.  Now they're
giving data on Princess Ayeka.

               Princess Ayeka of Jurai
                    Age:           842
                    Occupation:    Third in line for succession to the
Jurai throne.
                    Status:        Dangerous
                    Threat:        Negligible

          Pan back to the room from about Ayeka's view.  Geo looks up from
the television to see who's arrived.  Then back to the spectacles view.

                    Height:   5'5"
                    Weight:   123 lbs
                    Health:   7% over ideal body weight

          Pan back to Ryoko's face as she reads the inside of the specs.
Seeing the last statistic she busts out laughing, throwing her head back
with her hands on her hips.  Floating over to a surprised and angry Ayeka,
Ryoko leans her elbow on Ayeka's shoulder and begins teasing her.

Ryoko:    Well Princess Ayeka, looks like YOU need to cut down on those
cookies you just love so much. <evil grin>

Ayeka:    Wha?  What?

Ryoko:    Oh, I don't know.  It's just that <wicked grin> you seem a
little...oh...pudgy.

Ayeka:    Pudgy!!

Ryoko:    Yea, just a little, right here you know? <pokes Ayeka in the stomach>

          Ayeka steps quickly away from Ryoko with a "Hmph!" and stands
with her arms crossed facing her.

          Pan to spectacles again.

               Warning: Threat has escalated to Moderate, caution is advised.

Ayeka:    I am not PUDGY!!!

Ryoko:    Your right...you're husky! <Cheshire Cat grin>

Ayeka:    HUSKY!!!  DID YOU JUST SAY I WAS HUSKY!

          Pan to spectacles.

               Alert: Threat rating has escalated to Serious, proceed with
extreme caution.


          Ryoko is laughing hysterically as Ayeka swings back and slaps the
crap out of her!  The spectacles fly across the room and land at Geo's
feet.  Ayeka storms out of the room.  Ryoko is still laughing.

Ryoko:    <laughing hysterically> <touches face>  Ow.  <laughing hysterically>

          Geo picks up his specs, cleans them for a second and then puts
them back on.  The television is now back together, the screwdriver is
gone.

Geoyoshi: You really shouldn't have made fun of her.  It was the health
summery wasn't it.

          Still giggling Ryoko just nods.

Geoyoshi: If Princess Ayeka was ill the spectacles would have said so, but
since she seems to be in perfect health I imagine they told you her ideal
weight stats huh. <sigh>  You see the "ideal" weight is just an arithmetic
mean, an average.  It's normal for people to be 20% above or below their
so-called ideal weight.  I mean, your 15% over your "ideal" weight but
you're clearly in perfect shape.

          Ryoko reals back from the double punch.  15% over ideal weight?
Perfect shape?  She clearly doesn't know if she should slap or hug Geo.
With a look of curiosity Geo begins walking out of the room, examining the
house as he goes.  As he passes Ryoko, who's still not sure what to make of
Geo, he pauses and says.

Geoyoshi: I mean, after all, the majority of people have more than the
average number of legs.

          With that cryptic statement he walks out of the room leaving
Ryoko looking dumbfounded.

Ryoko:    What?

          Cut to Geo standing outside the house.  He's thinking to himself

Geo Thinking:
          That's right.  The king ordered me to defeat Tenchi and take the
two princesses back...  I have no interest in marring Ayeka much less
little Sasami!  So why did I come here again?

          Geo's face goes to one of shock!

Geoyoshi: Dddddoctor Washu!

          Geo staggers a bit and catches himself on the door jam.  Looking
timidly over his shoulder he see's only an empty hallway.  Geo turns, and
as if he's entering a house full of Dobermans wearing beef jerky underwear,
he creeps into the house.

Sasami:   Hi!  What are you doing Mr?

          Geo leaps in the air, screams and comes down in a karate stance.
Seeing Sasami he relaxes.  Sasami giggles and bunny-kitty Ryo-ohki smiles
from on top of Sasami's head.

Geoyoshi: I...um...nothing.  Hello Princess Sasami. <warm smile>
So...uh...have you seen Dr. Washu around? ...lately? <nervous grin>

Sasami:   <giggles> She's in her lab, right through there. <points to door
to lab>

          Geo gulps and sweat pops out on his brow.  Smiling nervously again.

Geoyoshi: Um...thank you Princess Sasami. <polite bow>

          Sasami giggles again as Geo starts walking toward THE DOOR.

          Pan to a close-up of Geo's face.  His forehead is covered in
sweat and you hear his heart beating loudly.  The scene goes to slow motion
as Geo walks down the hall.  The hall seems to grow longer and longer.  His
heart beats faster and faster.  It's almost as if you expect a giant three
headed dragon to be behind the door instead of Little Washu.

          Geo reaches the door.  His heart is racing as he contemplates the
handle.  Clenching his fists he slowly reaches toward the door...  His hand
shakes violently as he nears the door handle...  Clenching his fingers into
a fist and closing his eyes he TOUCHES the door handle!  You clearly get
the impression that he's terrified.

          As he begins to turn the handle ever so slowly it suddenly
wrenches down (or around?) out of his hand and opens.  Geo is hit with the
door and then with the body of Washu as she steps quickly out of her lab.
With a look of shock on his face Geo falls to the ground, back to the wall
and knees up.  Washu looks startled but fine.

Washu:    Oh.  You're awake.  Good, I'd like to talk to you.

          Geo is clearly terrified.  His eyes are huge and his jaw is
working but nothing is coming out.  Washu at first looks a little angry
then relaxes into a pleasant smile.

Washu:    It's okay, I don't bite. <pleasant smile> Say, what is your name
anyway?

          Geo is clearly having trouble articulating a response.

Geoyoshi: G..g..ggg...ggg

Washu:    Gggg?  What kind of name is that?

Geoyoshi: Gggeegeee

Washu:    Geegee?  Your parents named you Geegee?  Wow, you must really
hate their guts.

Geoyoshi: GeegeeGeo!  I did it!

Washu:    <somewhat sarcastic> Well, congratulations Geo, you know your own
name. <smirk>

          Geo blushes and attempts to regain his composure.  He stands up
but slouches and looks at his feet.  Like a little kid in front of the
principle.

Washu:    Well, come on then.  Time's wasting and I have a lot of work for
you to do Geo.

          Geoyoshi looks like he just won 10 million dollars.

Geoyoshi: You mean it!  I can assist you Dr. Washu?

Washu:    <nod> Why not?  I could use a little help and you seem to
be...um...capable.

          Geoyoshi bows deeply...this time hitting his head on the door!
*THUNK!*

Geoyoshi: Ouch.  (Mihoshi like)


          Washu can't help but laugh and Geo blushes a deep red.  Geo now
has a faint red spot with a vertical  line through it (from the edge of the
door) across his forehead.

          Pan back to see Ryoko spying around the corner.  She's got a look
of disgust on her face.  She thinks to herself.

Ryoko Thinking:
          This guy's "Extremely Dangerous"?  Yea right, to himself maybe.

          Scene fades out on Ryoko contemplating Geoyoshi.

          Cut to high quality stills of Geo helping out.  Geo working on
the computer.  Geo fixing the telephone.  Geo cutting carrots (and Ryo-ohki
eating a few!)  Geo sweeping the porch.  Etc.  The viewers get the feeling
that quite some time is passing.

          Fade in to Ayeka, Ryoko and Mihoshi drinking tea and watching
television.

Ryoko:    Boy, when Geo says he'll help he means it huh!

Ayeka:    And all this in only one day.

Mihoshi:  Yea!  He hoed the carrots, did the wash, swept the entire temple,
mucked out the toilet, fixed dinner...

Ryoko:    Oh gross!  I hope he didn't do it in that order! <wipe mouth with
sleeve>

Ayeka:    And now he's in Washu's lab slaving away while SHE takes a bath.
<sigh> Why can't Tenchi be that attentive?

Ryoko:    Your right, he's not good enough for you, why don't you go find
some other guy who'll slobber all over you and follow you around like a
puppy dog.  Hmmm?

          Ayeka throws her hair over her shoulder and crosses her arms with
a "Hmmp!"

Ayeka:    You'd like that wouldn't you!

          Ryoko leans into Ayeka's face with a evil glint in her eye.

Ryoko:    Ohhhh yeaaaa.... <evil grin>

Mihoshi:  Oh you two!  Why  do you always have to fight over the silliest
things?

          Ryoko places her hand together finger tip to finger tip and
starts bouncing them.  She makes "Squeak Squeak" noises with her mouth and
moans occasionally "Oh Tenchi".

          Ayeka explodes.

Ayeka:    You stop that!  You stop it right now!  It's indecent!

Ryoko:    How would you know what I'm talking about Princess?  Hmmmm?  You
don't mean? <gasp> You don't mean you're not a....you know...
          <evil grin>

Ayeka:    That is NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!

          Ayeka jumps to her feet.  Ryoko just gives her a side long glance.

Ryoko:    Ooooooh...looks like I hit a nerve.  Get tired of saving yourself
all these years?

Ayeka:    Just because I'm not a slut who mounts the first male that comes
along doesn't mean...

Ryoko:    Slut?  SLUT!  Who are you calling a SLUT!

Mihoshi:  <sigh> You two are really impossible some times.

          Ayeka and Ryoko continue to fight as we pan back and cut too
Geoyoshi working hard at the computer in Washu's lab.  His fingers fly
across the "keyboard" at an incredible rate.  Occasionally he pauses to
thinking and then continues typing.  As he's working a blinking red light
suddenly starts up to his upper left.

          Observant viewers will notice it's the same place where the
blinking red light started up on Geoyoshi's arrival.  Geo contemplates it
for a second and then touches it.

          Cut back to Ayeka and Ryoko arguing and Mihoshi calmly drinking
her tea.  Geo walks in the room.

Geoyoshi: Pardon me ladies, but have you seen Dr. Washu?

          The fighting stops and Ryoko and Ayeka look at each other and
then at Geo.

Mihoshi:  She's taking a bath right now.

          Geoyoshi scowls.

Geoyoshi: Ah, well do you think one of you could go tell her that there's
some kind of ship approaching?  It seems to be shaped like an octopus for
some bizarre reason.

          Geo scratches the back of his head.  The three women look alarmed.

Ryoko:    Like an octopus?  Are you sure?

Ayeka:    Not HIM again!

Mihoshi:  Right!  As a Galaxy Police Person it's my duty to investigate!
Um...has anyone seen my gun?

          Cut to Washu from behind.  She's scrubbing her back with a towel.
Dropping the towel she picks up a bucket of water and pores it over her
head.  Looking up at the tree she seems to be contemplating something.
Casually she scratches her butt cheek.  The viewers should feel a little
disgusted by this.  The idea is to make them feel like Washu is anything
but sexy.  A glint in the sky.  Washu looks toward the glint casually.  The
glint turns into a speck, then into a small body, eventually a ship.

          Pan to a close-up the ship.  It's shaped like an octopus.
Observant viewers will notice a familiar symbol.

          Washu stands on her stool to get a better look.  The ship dips
out of sight and then it's suddenly above her!  Washu has enough time to
utter "Uhho" and look panicked before a shot blasts out from the ship
shattering the protective dome.  A blue light flashes out of the octopus's
"beak" and begins pulling her into the air.  Washu  screams and grabs onto
a branch of the tree as she passes.  She hangs upside down, naked
screaming.

          Pan back to the three ladies and Geoyoshi.  Washu's scream is
heard faintly.  Geo jumps and looks horrified.

Geoyoshi: Dr. Washu!

          Geo begins running frantically through the house toward the bath.
The women hesitate for a few seconds and then run (though not as
frantically) after Geo.

          Close-up of Geo running through the house.

Geoyoshi: Temujin!  Armor!

          A somewhat metallic sexless voice replies from nowhere

Temujin:  Yes sir.

         A white portal with tiny golden burst of light dancing in it opens
up in front of  Geo.  A tall black creature like a featureless human body
steps forth.  Its skin is jet black and shiny.  Its torso looks like a
skeleton with black metal stretched over it.  The thing seems to be a robot
but looks very organic in nature, with smooth lines and curves.  Its
featureless face flashes  away as the thing spins around and then leaps
backwards.  Geo leaps into the air as well.  Pan back and in slow motion as
the black robots back splits open revealing its inside to be hollow, like
armor.  Geo lands with in perfectly and the black metal flows like liquid
to encase him inside.

          Geo/Temujin land with a solid thump.  The "camera" pans around
the two giving the viewer a good look.  Temujin looks like a cross between
a human and an alien.  And it looks BAD!

          Cut to bathhouse door.  Geo burst out into the bath house.

          The mood instantly goes from "I'M GONNA KICK SOME ASS!"  to "OH
MY GOD!" as the screen does a double take of naked, kicking Washu.  The
screen goes into slow motion and crawls slowly up Washu's body.  Her hair
whipping about in the force field.  Her huge eyes looking down pleadingly
for help.  The screen pans down to her shoulder (tiny bit of suds there)
and almost makes it to...

          Geo falls backwards with a cry and a metallic thud.

          Cut to Temujin covering its "eyes" with it's huge clawed hands.
We can hear Geoyoshi's thoughts.

Geo's Thoughts:

          I can't go out there!  I'll SEE her!  I don't think I can take
that...come on Geo.  Think!  You don't have much time!

          The giant, black, bug-like robot then gives a very human snap of
it's fingers.

Geoyoshi: Ahha!  I've got it!

          Screen cut's to the same scene as before.  Washu kicking wildly
in the tree hanging up side down.  Only now Washu's body is covered with
pixelization like one sees on TV.  (Could this be a reference to Japanese
          porno?) ;)

Geoyoshi: Alright asshole!  You picked the WRONG scientist to kidnap!  Kiaaaa!

          Geo/Temujin leap into the air.  Washu's grip releases on the
branch and she
          screams.  Semi-still picture of Geo catching Washu in mid air and
them falling into the bath.  Washu's back is to Geo and he has his arm
around her chest...  Actually he has one huge clawed hand right ON her
chest!  Washu looks down, looks up at the black featureless face and
screams again!  Temujin/ Geo stagger backwards in the pool.

Geoyoshi: I'm sorry Dr. Washu!  I'm sorry!

          The huge beetle looking creature is shaking.

Washu:    Geo?  Is that you?

          Noticing her nakedness Washu grabs up a towel and raps it about
herself.
          Geo/Temujin turn to face away from Washu.  Over Washu's shoulder we
          see the entire cast show up.  Washu is holding her towel in such
a way that her rear is bare.  We see Tenchi look away suddenly while his
father just looks on and smiles...the perv!

Geoyoshi: I...excuse me Dr. Washu.

          Geo /Temujin leaps over the wall of the bath.  From the other
side you hear Geo shout.

Geoyoshi: Size magnified time three!

          Washu still hasn't seen everyone but notices that the beam is
coming back!  It's sucking up water as it moves toward her!  Washu turns to
run into the house and sees everyone there.  She blushes when everyone
gasps.  But they aren't gasping at her.

          Cut to a huge Temujin standing as tall as the tree in the bath.
It's featureless face turned up toward the ship.  With a mighty leap it
strikes the ship on the side.  It's clawed hands scrape across the ships
surface and cause the ship to list to one side.  The ship is still about 10
times larger so it only lists a little.

          Geo scrambles like a monkey over to one of the arms of the
octopus ship facing  away from the bath.  Standing above the arm he shouts.

Geoyoshi: Enhance inertia times 5!

          He then throws himself onto the arm "cloths-lining" it with his
elbow.  The
          ship actually rocks hard  and is now about 45 degrees off kilter.  The
          ship accelerates in the direction of Geo's stunt depending on how
high the angle is.  In other words it moves slowly and then faster and
faster as the ship reaches it's apex.  Washu turns to face the ship, her
towel fixed now and watches in awe with everyone else as Geo/Temujin tear a
huge panel off of the ship and leap inside.  The ship begins to move upward
when the hole in the side belches fire and smoke in a small explosion.  The
ship begins to "stagger" through the air and make car-knocking-like noises.
The ship gives a violent cough and suddenly plummets to the ground.  Just
before it smashes into the earth and explodes a black blur smashes through
one of the "eyes" of the ship.  Close-up of Temujin with direction vectors
on him to show how fast he's going.  With a small boom Temujin/Geo land
just outside of the bath.  Again we get the clear impression (I would
hope!) that Geoyoshi is one bad SOB!  In Temujin's hand can be seen the
head and feet of old Octopus!
 Head himself.  He seems to be          having some trouble breathing as
he's all blue and gasping for air.  Temujin begins to shrink and eventually
disappears behind the wall.  Geo/Temujin leap over the wall holding Dr.
Clay  by the nape of the neck.  They land on the floor with a thump.
Though you can't see his face, from his gestures and voice it is clear that
Geo is really PISSED OFF!  He isn't even bowing and simpering to Washu he's
so angry!

Geoyoshi: Do you know this person Dr. Washu? <very angry voice>

Washu:    Um...yea...He and I go way back.  He blames me for getting him
kicked out
          of my old Academy.

          Geo twists Dr. Clay  around so he can look at his face.  All Clay
get's
          is a good look at the somewhat disturbing face of Temujin.

Geoyoshi: Oh, so you're Dr. Clay.  I've heard of you.  You make me sick!

Doc Oc:   <trying to face Washu> Is this another one of your inventions Washu?
          What did you name it?  Ryoko mac II?

          Ryoko looks like she's ready to eat nails and piss bullets.

Washu:    As a matter of fact no.  This is my assistant Geoyoshi. <cross arms>
          And as you can see he doesn't like it when people try to abduct
his professors.

Doc Oc:   Professors? <cruel laugh> You couldn't teach an egg to hatch you
stupid
          bitch.

          Clay get's most of the way through bitch before Geo smashes him
into the bath wall!  Clay slides down leaving behind a crater in the wood.
He splashes into the pool, floating face down.

          Pan to a shot of Temujin's shoulder and the rest of the crew.
They all have
          looks of wonder/surprise on their face as they go "Ohhhhh".  Geo turns
          slowly his (Temujin's) fingers clenching and unclenching.

Geoyoshi  I'm sorry for the intrusion Dr. Washu.  We'll let you get back to
your bath.  What should I do with this...thing...in the mean time?

          Everyone (except Geo and Washu) looks around embarrassed and
start wandering out of the bath house.

Washu:    Er...take him into the lab and strap him to the examination table.

          Washu contemplates Dr. Clay's body floating in the pool...her
face breaks out into a huge grin.  Geo bows (more than polite) sloshes into
the bath and
          drags Dr. Clay out.  As he get's to the door...

Washu:    Oh.  And Geo?

          Geo freezes in place, shoulders tense.  He drops Octopus Head like
          a sack of potatoes, his face bouncing off the floor.

Washu:    Thank you.

          Geo relaxes and nods, still facing away from Washu.

Geoyoshi: I'm only too happy to be of service Dr. Washu.  Please, enjoy
your bath.
          <addressing Temujin> Thank you Temujin, that will be all.

Temujin:  Yes sir.

          Temujin's black metallic back splits open and runs over Geo's
body allowing Geo to step back out of Temujin.  Temujin then opens up a
small white portal and steps through it.  Geo walks forward after the
portal closes, still dragging the unfortunate doctor.

          Cut back to Washu alone in the bath house.  She stands there
looking toward the door way, then her knees collapse (feet spread away from
her body).

          Cut to scene of Washu working at her terminal.  She has a pencil
binding
          her hair into a huge pony tail, her glasses perched on her nose.
As she works we hear a very strange noise.

          *slow scrape* <pause> *twang* *muffled grunt* *slow scrape*
<pause> *twang* *muffled grunt*

          This goes on for about five or six seconds.  All the time we
can't see the source of the noise.  We just see Washu working.  When the
audience is starting to get really curious as to what the heck that noise
is!  Cut to a desktop.

          The desktop has various things on it.  Stapler, pencils in a box,
some papers
          with math and geometry on them, maybe a double helix or two.
Just sort
          of thrown in there is a pile of paper clips.  A hand slowly
reaches out and
          places one finger on a single paper clip.  Sliding the paper clip
across the table slowly *scrape*.  The hand has on a white robe with gold
embroidery (Geo).  Cut to Geo's upper body leaning back in a chair.  His
head and legs sort of out of the picture.  Slowly Geo places the paper clip
in a rubber band stretched between his thumb and forefinger.  The screen
pans up to Geo aiming the paper clip and release *twang*.  Cut to Dr. Clay.
He's strapped in the examination table with the glowing ring on his head
and gagged.  A paper clip strikes him in the left cheek hard *muffled
grunt*.

          Cut back to Washu typing.  She stops and turns to Geo.  You can't
really
          see much of Geo, just his back.  Oddly he isn't as nervous as he
normally
          is around Washu.  He also seems to be pretty tense and still angry.

Washu:    Aren't you finished yet?  My, but you're a mean bastard when
someone get's your dander up.

          *scrape*

Geoyoshi: Though I've never met the gentleman, our guest here has made
trouble for me in the past.  I've had a disliking of him for a very very
long time.

          *twang* *muffled grunt*

Washu:    Oh?  What did he do.

          Geo stiffens and drops his feet to the floor (no longer leaning
back).  He turns slowly with his head down a bit.  He's right back to his
normal self again (around Washu anyway.)

Geoyoshi: I...I'd rather not talk about it.  Dr. Washu?  If it's okay I'd
like to turn in now.

          Washu seems curious but keeps her questions to herself.

Washu:    Very well.  Oh!  Did anyone made arrangements for you?  I think I
have an
          extra futon somewhere... <looking around the lab>

Geoyoshi: <laughing nervously> That's okay, I'd prefer to sleep in my ship.

          Washu looks startled.

Washu:    In your ship?  That tiny thing?

Geoyoshi: <laughing a little more honestly> It's okay Dr. Washu, it's
bigger on the
          inside than it looks. <grin>

          Washu looks contemplative for a second then just nodes her head.

Washu:    Well, good night Geoyoshi.  Sleep well.

Geoyoshi: You too Dr. Washu.

          Washu goes back to typing as Geo walks toward the door (where the door
          will be rather).

          The door appears and he puts his hand on the handle.  Pausing he
looks back over his shoulder.  Washu is bathed in a tiny spot of light
while most of the lab is in darkness.  Cut to close-up of Geo's face.  His
eyes look a little moist and he whispers very quietly.

Geoyoshi: Good night Dr. Washu....

          He seems to want to say something else but with an angry toss of
his head
          he opens the door and steps out.

          Cut back to Washu.  She isn't typing anymore and is looking sort
of melancholy.  Sighing she touches a button and the terminal vanishes.
Yawning and stretching she walks away from her desk.  The circle of light
she was in follows her as she heads off deeper into the lab.  Cut to Dr.
Clay  in complete darkness (except for the light given off by the circlet
on his head).  He looks terrified.

          Cut to wonderful autumn morning.  We see a wind chime (bell with
a ribbon
          hanging from the clacker) blowing gently.  Birds are singing and
the sun is rising in the east giving everything a warm golden glow.

          Cut to Washu asleep in the lab.  She rolls around kicking her
covers off and looks to be having a disturbing dream.  Close-up of her
face.  Her eyes open slowly, she blinks a few times.  Siting up she rubs
her eyes and looks around.  We can see Octopus Head strapped onto the table
in the distance, his head down, asleep.  Washu stretches and slides out of
bed.  She's wearing a pair of cotton pajamas with little cartoon pictures
of Ranma, Akane, P-Chan, etc.  (Hehehe) Like the kind an artist might do at
the
          end of an anime, less realistic than normal.

          Walking through the lab we see various tanks with creatures
inside.  Cut to
          Washu walking toward us with Clay  in the background.  Washu
walks off the screen on the right.  We hear a *quick scrape* *twang*.
Octopus Head  jumps and grunts looking up blearily.  Cut to Washu walking
casually out of the lab.  Close-up of Clay, his eyes are on fire with rage.
He's got paper clips hanging from his cloths and a huge pile of them on
the floor at his feet.

          Outside.  Washu is standing in the door looking at the scene
around her, it's very beautiful.  With a pair of slippers on she heads
toward Geo's ship.  The ship is closed and looks exotic in the early
morning sun.  Washu walks up to it and looks it over.  She seems to like
what she sees.  Climbing the ladder like indentations in its side she tries
to open the top with her fingers.  She tries for a second and then gives
up.  Frowning she scratches her head.

Temujin:  Can I be of service Dr. Washu?

          Washu jumps off the ship and looks around.  Relaxing she looks at
the ship.

Washu:    Yea, is Geoyoshi in there?

Temujin:  Yes he is.  Would you like to come in Dr. Washu?

Washu:    Come in?  What?  Climb in the cockpit with him?!?

Temujin:  Geo is not in the cockpit, he is in the extra-dimensional space
with in the ship.

          Washu looks interested.

Washu:    Alright, why not?

Temujin:  I can think of no reason why you shouldn't enter Dr. Washu.

Washu:    <laugh> Oh, okay, then let me in.

          The cockpit window lifts up about 3" and then slides back
revealing an empty cockpit.

          Washu climbs up the steps and into the chair.  The inside looks
fairly simple.  A flight stick, a few buttons on the arm of the chair and
little else.  Washu looks around.  Her eyes fly open as the chair suddenly
slides backwards.  The cockpit window begins to close as she finds herself
sliding backwards into the ship.  Her backwards trip stops with her popping
out into what looks like open sky!  Washu grabs the arms of the chair as it
suddenly swings around and tips forward slightly.  Still shaken up she
lands on the ground softly.  The chair arm jerks out of her hand as it
returns to the front of the ship.  The hole that it entered closes into
what looks like sky.  Washu walks toward the chair's exit place and touches
solid matter that looks like an early morning sky.  Turning around she
takes in a fantastically beautiful landscape.  Center most is a 30 feet
tall water fall that cascades down into a large pool.  Golden carp  can be
seen in it's depths.  A huge oak!
 tree rests not far from the
          pool.  There seems to be a body covered with blankets there.

          To the right of the cliff (which wraps around to the right and
left) is a small corps of trees.  They're sparse and have lush green grass
growing under them, a few dainty wild flowers blow in the breeze.
Observant viewers will see a birds nest and a squirrel.  There are no
paths, just green grass.  The artificial sky is lightly dotted with clouds.
Washu seems clearly to be awed by the whole spectacle.  With a slight moan
Geoyoshi turns over in his sleep.  Washu seems a little embarrassed and
turns back to the portal, it's gone of course.  Frowning she walks toward
the pool.

          Cut to image of Washu in the pool.  Her reflection over that of a
large carp.  The carp rises to the surface and mouths at her.  A few others
show up and do the same, they seem to be perfectly ordinary carp, not prize
specimens really.  Kneeling down Washu puts her hand in the water and
swishes it around a bit.  A carp comes up and starts mouthing her hand, as
if tying to eat out of it!  Washu giggles slightly and runs a finger over
the carps head.  The carp darts into the water with a splash.

          Cut to Washu turning away as water sprays her, one eye closed but
with a smile on her face.  Geo, in the background, groans again and rolls
over.  Washu looks over her shoulder at him and then back at the pool.
After a few seconds of staring at her reflection she stands up with her
hands on her knees.  Walking calmly toward the trees (still wearing her
silly pajamas by the way).

          Washu walks through the canopy of trees.  Golden light and dust
motes dance around her.  A squirrel runs down a tree and stares at her.
Freezing in place Washu watches the squirrel.  The little squirrel darts
it's head about rapidly, examining her.  Then it races around the tree and
disappears up the back side.  Washu smiles and walks deeper into the trees.
The trees wrap
          around into the cliff.  Faintly you hear a splash.  Washu hears
this, looks around and starts heading back.

          Cut to Washu stepping around the side of a tree.  Her eyes go
wide as she sees Geoyoshi standing naked under the water fall.  His body
waist deep in water as he let's water run down his back.  He's well built
(I'll leave the details up to you ladies) and handsome.  Washu just sort of
stand there for a second, Geo hasn't noticed her.  Geo's black hair is
covering his face as the water runs over his head.  Shaking his head a
little he suddenly dives into the pool.

          Geo's moving spurs Washu to dart behind the tree.  Her eyes are
open wide and her face is very red.  We can see Geo swimming in the
background as Washu tries to figure out what to do.  Geo begins to climb
out of the pool.  He's naked but far away.  Temujin materializes holding a
big fluffy towel over its arm.  We can make out Geo thanking it and taking
the towel.  Cut back to Washu's face.  She's got a grimace of terror on her
face.

          Some mumbled conversation goes on between Temujin and Geo.  Geo
scratches his head and seems puzzled at what Temujin is saying.  Temujin
then disappears and reappears standing next to Washu.  Washu jumps and lets
out a startled shout as Temujin then rudely PUSHES her out from behind the
tree into full view of Geo.

          Tense music plays as Geo stands there holding a towel in his
hand, it just           happens to be covering his *ahem* (thank God) as he
stand there in complete shock.  Washu's face looks like a cooked lobster as
she too just stands there stunned.  Silence for maybe a full three seconds
when both Geo and Washu scream like demons!  Geo, in his haste to cover
himself
          by running toward his bed trips on the towel and falls backwards
into the pool.  Washu trips and falls down as she runs behind the tree.
She runs head first into Temujin's abdomen.  With her hand on her head
Washu looks up at the big beetle-like android.

Washu:    WHAT IN THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING!!!!

          Washu screams, her face a rictus of fury!

          Temujin stands, it's face impassive (as if it had a choice).  It
then disappears.

          Washu stand behind the tree breathing heavily, leaning on the
tree.  Close- up of Washu's face.  She seems emotionally drawn, angry and
maybe a little scared.

Geoyoshi: Dddddr. Washu?  I...uh....You can come out now.

          Washu walks slowly out from behind the tree.  Geo is very
embarrassed and can be seen fidgeting even so far away.  He has on his
white robe with the gold embroidery.    Washu relaxes at his boy-like charm
and walks over confidently toward him.  Still wearing pajamas with pink
cats, black piglets and glasses wearing ducks. ;)

Washu:    I'm sorry to disturb you Geo.  I was just coming to tell
you..um...That I need you to help me with some work...this morning...

          It seems clear both parties are trying to forget the previous
events ever happened.

Geoyoshi: Oh, alright Dr. Washu.  I...uh...Shall I make you breakfast then?

          Washu seems a little embarrassed again.

Washu:    Um, that would be fine.  Thank you Geo.

Geoyoshi: Oh, not at all Dr. Washu! <grin>

          Cut to Washu's lab.  We see a small monkey like creature chewing
on a stick in it's glass cage.  The monkey thing's crest of hair suddenly
raises up and it scampers away in terror dropping its stick as it huddles
on the far side of the cage.  The monkey things large liquid eyes track
something until the black robe of Dr. Clay suddenly obstructs our view.  As
the figure walks past a single unbent paper clip falls from his nerveless
fingers.  Cut to a upper angle view of Dr. Clay as he steps up to Washu's
terminal and takes a seat on the floating cushion.   Cut to Clays face.
His eyes are hard and his face unmoving.  He seems remarkably calm but
there's a hint of terrible rage.  His fingers poke slowly at the terminal
and then faster and faster as he explores the system.  Pan back to his
eyes, they squint angrily at the screen.  Cut to screen.  The screen is
demanding a password.  Clay rocks back on the cushion for and thinks.
After a second he types

                    Tenchi

          The machine takes the password and responds with a warning that
two more failed passwords will result in shut down.  Clay screws his face
into a rictus of concentration and then types something rapidly.

                    Chan

          The terminal gives a final warning.  Clay puts his hands on his
face and thinks hard for a long time.  Suddenly his head flashes up and we
cut to his one good eye open wide in a sense of  "Eureka!"   Clay types.

                    Chicari

          The screen pauses dramatically and clears to a new screen of
scrolling data and what not.  Clay types for a few seconds and begins to
laugh in evil glee.


          Cut to Tenchi in bed.  His back is to us and he's sleeping on his
side.  Groaning he rolls over revealing what looks to be someone else in
bed with him!  Cut to Tenchi's face as he slowly begins to wake up.
Suddenly we hear a feminine groan from the body.  Tenchi freezes as an arm
suddenly drapes itself over him.  Rolling over slowly he comes face to face
with Ryoko!

Ryoko:    Morning sweety.

          Ryoko gives Tenchi a more than sisterly kiss if you know what I mean.
          Tenchi screams and leaps out of the bed dragging half of the
covers with him, revealing a very naked Ryoko.  Ryoko just smiles sweetly
at Tenchi.

Tenchi:   WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY BED!

          Ryoko looks hurt.

Ryoko:    You mean you don't remember?  Was it that bad?

          Ryoko looks like she's going to cry, actually she looks like
she's going to pretend to cry. ;)

Tenchi:   WHAT!?!

Ryoko:    Oh Tenchi!  I'm sorry if I didn't satisfy you!  Come back to bed
and give me another chance! <Evil grin as she pats the bed>

          Tenchi, blushing, turns away from Ryoko.  We cut to Tenchi.

Tenchi:   Put some cloths on Ryoko!  And get out of my room before someone
SEES you!

Ryoko:    Why?  I'm sure they heard us last night...ALL last night.

          Tenchi looks mortified.

Tenchi:   Uh...Ryoko...We...uh...we didn't really...uh, that is...

          Suddenly Ryoko's head appears next to Tenchi's.  She wraps one
arm over his shoulder and the other across his abdomen.  Tenchi freezes and
his eyes get round.

Ryoko:    Do what?  The horizontal tango?  Get busy?  Do the nasty? Bury
the bone.  Play hide the sausage?  Bump Uglies?  The wild thing?  Ride the
baloney pony?

          After each accusation Tenchi's eyes get bigger and bigger until
they've reached astronomical proportions.  Finally he can't take it
anymore.

Tenchi:   Ahhhhhh! <Throw Ryoko's arm off> GET AWAY FROM ME!

          Ryoko looks honestly stunned and upset.

Ryoko:    Wha....

Tenchi:   LEAVE ME ALONE YOU MONSTER!

          Ryoko's face crumbles as she takes a few hesitant steps away from
Tenchi.  Her eyes fill with honest tears as she suddenly turns and flies
through the wall of the room sobbing uncontrollably, her hands over her
face.  Tenchi's own face goes from anger to shock and then dismay.  He
raises his hand feebly toward where Ryoko escaped.

Tenchi:   Ryoko!  Wait!  I...

          Tenchi's door slides open to reveal Ayeka in her night gown.  She
blushes a little seeing
          Tenchi standing in his boxers.

Ayeka:    Are you alright Tenchi?  I heard you shout and...

          Tenchi's shoulders slump and he shuffles over to the bed.
Sitting dejected he drags his covers onto his lap and stares at his hands.
Ayeka looks worried/confused.

Ayeka:    It's Ryoko isn't it.  I swear the woman is about as worthless as...

          Tenchi cut's her off.

Tenchi:   Just shut up Ayeka.

          Ayeka reels back as if slapped.  Her eyes moisten and she slides
the door closed with out another word.  Tenchi puts his hands on his face
and sighs a heartfelt sigh.

Tenchi:   Tenchi, you're such an idiot.

          With that he flops down onto his bed, his covers half drug over
him as he stares up at the ceiling.

          Cut to little Sasami bouncing out of her room, her evening gown
decorated with black pigs wearing yellow bandanas, ducks wearing glasses,
pink cats, etc.  (It's a matching set) ;)

          Sasami slides Tenchi's door open.

Sasami:   Good morning Tenchi!  Breakfast is almost ready!  Geo made it!

          Tenchi has the crook of his elbow over his eyes.

Tenchi:   I'm not really hungry right now Sasami.  Thank you.

Sasami:   But it smells really good Tenchi!  Hurry up before it gets cold!

Tenchi:   Please, just leave alone.  Okay?

          Sasami looks a little disappointed and says in a quiet voice.

Sasami:   Okay Tenchi.

          Sasami slides the door closed, as she passes her room we hear
Ayeka crying.  Sasami looks generally upset now, perhaps on the verge of
crying too.

          Cut to Mihoshi with her head on the breakfast table.  A small
puddle of drool is crawling      away from her face...  Washu sees this and
sticks her tongue out in disgust.

Washu:    Ewwww!  Wake up!  Mihoshi!  Mihoshi!!!

          Mihoshi jerks up with a start and looks around dazed.

Mihoshi:  What?  Where am I?  Oh!  Hi Little Washu. <yawn> Is breakfast not
ready yet?

        Washu get's a rag and wipes up the drool.

Washu:    No.  Geoyoshi insisted on making us my favorite dish.  I didn't
think he was really going to do it!  I think he's dirtied most of the
kitchen already.

          Mihoshi sniffs.

Mihoshi:  Oh!  That smells really good!  What is it?

Washu:    You'll see. <secret smile>

          Cut to Dr. Clay working in the lab.  He's seems to be engrossed
reading some data.  After a while he makes a few experimental taps on the
keys.  He grins and begins typing faster.  Suddenly a black holographic
form of Temujin rises out of the screen and takes a swipe at Clay with it's
claws!  Clay jerks back and then smiles to himself.  As he inserts his
hands through the hologram and continues to type.  The hologram sinks back
into nothingness as Clay's fingers dance faster and faster.  A huge evil
grin spreads across his face.   Cut to the screen we see many "files"
scrolling past with names like "Temujin Id", "Temujin Active Data Matrix",
etc.
          You get the impression that Clay has hacked into Temujin's "mind".


          Cut to the dinner table.  All the ladies (except Ryoko) are
sitting around talking excitedly.  Ayeka's eyes look red and puffy but she
seems to be in high spirits too.  They seem to be discussing the smell
coming from the kitchen.  We cut to the stairs where Tenchi is walking
slowly down. He seems sleepy and confused.  He rubs his eyes a little and
walks into the dinning room.

          Tenchi enters just as the kitchen door is kicked open and Geo
comes staggering out with some sort of large plate.  He's leaned back so
it's hard to make out what's on the plate.

          Cut to the table. *SLAM* Down comes the huge plate into view.
The camera does a double take at what appears to be a gigantic fried egg!
The egg is easily 3 foot in diameter and it's yoke seems to be bluish.
There is some sort of red powder sprinkled on the white of the egg.

          The women look to be in awe.  As if the egg where some kind of
golden idol.  Geo wipes his forehead with the apron he's wearing (it has
what looks to be a picture of Urd from Ah! My Goddess! winking and giving
you a victory sign).

          Tenchi points.

Tenchi:   What the hell is that!

Geo:      Breakfast.

Tenchi:   Yea!  But what the hell is it!

Washu:    It's an eburori egg.  A now extinct bird from system number LV-427.

          Tenchi isn't quiet taking all of this in.

Tenchi:   Extinct?  Then where did you get the egg?

Geo:      I made it with a replicator.  It wasn't easy.

          Tenchi scratches his head...the women are drooling on themselves
staring at the colossal egg.

Tenchi:   Oh.  But why didn't you just use normal eggs?  I mean earth eggs?

Geo:      Well, you see the eburori had a rather str...

          Washu cuts him off rudely.

Washu:    Enough talk!  Let's eat!

          Geo jumps and bows unconsciously.

Geo:      Oh!  Right!  Silverware!  I forgot the silverware.

          Geo rushes back into the kitchen.

          Dazed and confused Tenchi takes a seat between Sasami and Mihoshi.

          Geo returns with silverware.  The "ladies" practically mug him for the
          forks and dig in heartily.

          Cut to Tenchi with a look of disgust on his face as we hear
slurping and chewing noises.  Cut to Tenchi's view looking across the table
at Geo.  Geo just sits quietly eating a bowl of rice.  Tenchi picks up a
fork and takes a bite.  His face turns green and his cheeks bulge outward.
Swallowing with great difficulty he lets out a huge...

Tenchi:   Bleeeeeeeaaaaaaa!  This stuff tastes terrible!

          Geo looks up from his bowl.  Then looks embarrassed.

Geo:      Oh!  I'm sorry Tenchi.  I thought Sasami said you weren't hungry.
Eburori eggs aren't really for men.  You see there's a pheromone in the
egg which makes it irresistible to women but tastes awful to men.  Here,
let me get you something you'll like.

          Geo puts his bowl down and goes back into the kitchen.

Tenchi:   Uh.....thanks.

          Cut to Tenchi still surrounded by disgusting slurping and chewing
noises.
          Geo returns with a bowl of rice with some veggies and what not in it.

Geo:      Here you are Tenchi.

          Tenchi thanks Geo and starts eating slowly.

Geo:      The egg has an interesting history.  It was discovered by a group
of priestesses who where looking to colonize LV-427.  The priestesses, of
course, began to eat the birds eggs at such a rapid pace it soon went
extinct.  Some people say the priestesses actually drove the eburori to
extinction because the pheromones in the egg caused them to become
so...er... lascivious that they felt it was their moral obligation to
destroy the bird.  But by then the word of the eburori egg had gotten out
and they where being breed.  The egg was quiet popular  for several hundred
years before constant inbreeding of the small number of eburori's made the
egg's unpalatable.  Being pretty useless for anything else the bird fell
into extinction.

          Through a mouthful of egg, some of the yoke smeared on her chin,
Washu pipes in.

Washu:    An old wives tail.  The pheromones just make it tasty.

          Geo nodes in agreement and goes back to eating his breakfast.
          Ayeka and Sasami have stopped eating and are looking at each
other kind of worried.  Mihoshi and Washu.

          Cut to the outside.  The trees are beautiful.  The sky is
beautiful.  The birds are singing.  The brook is babbling...much like
Ayeka...

          Cut back to Ayeka in her room.  She's rocking back and forth with
her hands on her knees.  Her eyes are wide and she seems to be mumbling
something incoherent.  Sasami looks very worried.

Sasami:   What's wrong Ayeka?  Are you sick!

Ayeka:    That egg, I think it's done something to me.  I...I...I'm not
sure I can control it.

Sasami:   Do you want me to get Washu?!?

          Ayeka stops rocking.  She's shaking violently and her eyes are
open wide.  Her face seems to take on a some what blank appearance and then
her eyes lids slowly lower into a almost evil sultry look.

          Sasami takes a step back.

Sasami:   Ayeka?

          Ayeka stands up.  We cut to a Sasami height view of Ayeka from
the back as her gown falls to the floor.  Her long shapely legs and a tiny
bit of cheek bared to us as Sasami looks on in horror.

Sasami:   No Ayeka!  Don't!

          We loose sight of Ayeka.    Cut to a worried Sasami as she
watches her sister walk across he room and slide the door open (we only see
Sassami).

          Cut to Tenchi in his room reading.  Suddenly the door slams open!

          Cut to Ayeka, wearing only her lingerie, leaning seductively
against the door jam.  Her body curving in all the right places.

          Cut back to Tenchi.  His mouth in an O of shock as his book falls
nervelessly from his fingers.

          Ayeka makes a erotic moan as she saunters towards Tenchi.

Tenchi:   Oh....Tenchi....

          Tenchi leaps up onto his bed and points a finger at Ayeka, he
looks terrified.

Tenchi:   You!  You keep away from me!

          He says in hopeless desperation, his eyes darting around looking
for some sort of savior.

          Ayeka walks up casually.  Her hand snakes out seductively as she
places it on the inside of Tenchi's knee.  Screaming Tenchi leaps back into
the wall and trips over the edge of the bed falling face first onto the
floor.

          Ayeka crawls across the bed on all fours and leans over the edge
looking down at Tenchi.

          Tenchi looks like a deer caught in the headlights.  Ayeka moans
again and looks like she's about to pounce on him.  Yelling again Tenchi
leaps to his feet in front of his bedroom window.

          Ayeka slides her legs around seductively until she's perched on
the edge of the bed.  Her body taunt.  Slowly she reaches out again.

Ayeka:    Oh Tenchi...

          Tenchi can't take it anymore!  So out the window he goes!

          Ayeka blinks a few times in confusion then the sultry look
returns.  With a sexy giggle she saunters over to the window.

Ayeka:    Come back inside Tenchi...I want to show you something.
          <very husky voice>

Tenchi:   No way!  You...you just leave me alone Ayeka!

          Ayeka leans on the window sill.  We can't see anything but
Tenchi's eyes look down in a mixture of awe and horror.

Ayeka:    Come back inside Tenchi...I'll make it worth your while.

          With that Ayeka grabs Tenchi's hand.

          Tenchi screams and reels back....right off the edge of he house!

          Ayeka blinks a few times in confusion again...then the sultry
look returns.

          Cut to Tenchi spread eagle on his back.  He seems to be in some
pain as he stares at the sky.  Dead leaves blow up against him.  Suddenly
his head whips up!

          Ayeka is standing in the door way.  You can just make out
Tenchi's Grandfather walking by inside the house, his head turning toward
Ayeka in shock as he trips over something and out of view.

          Ayeka's hair is blowing in the wind as she stands looking down at
Tenchi with licentious eyes.  Ayeka is Aphrodite made flesh.

          Tenchi just lays there, his neck at a ridiculous angle as he
stares at Ayeka.   Ayeka begins to walk resolutely toward him.  Tenchi
rolls over, scrambles to his feet and begins running down the path
screaming.

          Cut to close-up of Ayeka, her eyes hooded.

Ayeka:    Oh, you won't escape me that easily Tenchi.

          A mischievous grin spreads across her face.

          Cut to the stream.  Water flashes in the sun as clouds roll by in
reflection.   Ryoko is sitting on a rock with her head on her knees.  She
seems to be emotionally drained.  Her eyes are dull and her body listless.

          Faintly we hear screaming.

          Ryoko's head comes up and she looks curious.

Ryoko:    Tenchi?

          Tenchi busts through a group of bushes.  His hair is wild and has
dead leaves and branches in it.  His clothing is ripped and he has a small
scratch on his cheek.  His eyes dart around wildly and settle on Ryoko.

Tenchi:   Ryoko!  You've got to save me!

          Ryoko's face is a mask of total confusion.

Ryoko:    Wha???  What's the matter Tenchi?

          Tenchi looks over his shoulder every few seconds as he talks.

Tenchi:   I don't know what's gotten in to her.  She's gone crazy!

          Ryoko puts a hand on his shoulder to calm him and looks very serious.

Ryoko:    Who Tenchi?  Who's gone crazy?

          The bushes part and a half naked and heaving Ayeka steps into the
clearing.

          Tenchi whirls around and points an accusing finger at Ayeka.

Tenchi:   HER!

          Ryoko double takes and her hand goes to her face like a certain
older sister in a certain show.

Ryoko:    AYEKA!

          Ayeka's face twists into one of hatred.

Ayeka:    Stay out of this Ryoko, Tenchi is mine!

          Ryoko is still pretty bewildered but she's not about to take that
lying down.

Ryoko:    Yours is he?  Well I saw him first!

          Ryoko and Ayeka are standing with there behinds out, arms down,
hands clenched into fists and leaning toward each other over Tenchi.
Lightning bolts crash back and forth between their eyes.

          Tenchi just lays there like a slug.  It's his only defense.

          Suddenly Ayeka halls off and sucker punches Ryoko in the gut.
No lady like slaps or princessly battle armor, just a good old fashioned
sock to the midsection.  Ryoko doubles up and falls over in surprise.
Ayeka grabs Tenchi by the arm and jerks him to his feet.

Ayeka:    Come on.  We've got some business to take care of.

          Tenchi tries to break free but doesn't seem to be able to get
away as Ayeka drags him toward the bushes.

Tenchi:   Ryoko!  Help!

          Ryoko groans and rolls to her feet.

Ryoko:    Hey!  Where are you going with Tenchi?

Ayeka:    This is none of your concern devil woman!  This is between me and
Tenchi.

          Ayeka grabs Tenchi by the trousers and drags him into the bushes.
Tenchi's free arm reaching out to Ryoko.

Tenchi:   Ack!  Help!

          Ryoko looks pissed.

Ryoko:    Devil woman!?!

          Ryoko dashes over to the bush and snatches Tenchi out by the
collar.  Tenchi screams and grabs at his pants trying to hold them up.  An
angry Ayeka pops out of the bushes like a horny Jack-In-The-Box.

Ayeka:    Give him back Ryoko he's mine!

          Ryoko tosses Tenchi aside casually.  We hear Tenchi let out a
surprised "Oof!" as Ryoko screams at the top of her lungs.

Ryoko:    TENCHI IS NOT YOUR PLAY THING!

          Ryoko's face goes from inarticulate rage to sadness.  She looks
over her shoulder at Tenchi.  Tenchi is sitting with his pants half off,
his arms holding him up in a sitting position.  He looks scared and
confused.

          Ayeka is stunned into silence.

          Ryoko continues in a quiet voice.

Ryoko:    He's not mine either.  If Tenchi wants you he can have you.  I
won't stand in the way.  But I won't let you force him into anything he
doesn't want.  I love him too much.

          Even the birds stop singing...

          The world is silent as we watch Ayeka and Ryoko look at each
other in shock.  Tenchi sits in stunned silence as well.  After a few
second a blush begins to creep up Ayeka's face.  Her eyes dart to where
Tenchi is sprawled and her blush covers her entire head.  Covering her face
with her hands Ayeka turns and runs away sobbing.  Ryoko's shoulders slump
and she turns and walk over to where Tenchi is lying.  She offers a hand to
help him up.  Tenchi looks at the hand and then back up at Ryoko.  Smiling
shyly  he lets her help him up.  As he stands his pants fall around his
knees.

Ryoko:    Oops.  There you are.

          Ryoko grabs Tenchi's pants casually and pulls them up for him.
She does it so casually that Tenchi is to shocked to be embarrassed.

Tenchi:   Um...thank you Ryoko.

          Ryoko smiles sadly and walks over to the rock she was sitting on.
Climbing back onto it she returns to her original position.

Ryoko:    If you don't mind, I'd like to be alone now.

          Tenchi looks like he's going to say something but can't get it
out.  His hand raises from his side and then drops back again.  Ryoko just
looks at him with dead eyes.  Nodding Tenchi walks away slowly.  Ryoko
watches him go.  Tenchi walks very hesitantly.  When he's out of sight the
neutral look on Ryoko's face breaks and she begins to sob loudly.  Turning
her face into her knees she shakes with weeping.


          Cut to Tenchi walking down the path.  His feet shuffle along and
he seems to be in quite a bit of emotional turmoil.  Stopping he looks back
down the path.  After a few seconds he turns and begins to walk back.  But
after only a few steps he stops and stares down the path.  His face betrays
his suffering as he turns and walks back toward the temple.

          Cut to the house.  Looking in at an angle from the door way we
see the dinning room with Washu reading a book while Mihoshi watches TV.
Suddenly a head of hair pops into view.

          Cut to Ayeka peering around the corner into the house.  No one
notices her so she begins to creep toward the stairs.  Just when she thinks
she's going to make it Geo comes walking down the steps!

Geo:      Ack!  Princess Ayeka!  Where are your cloths!

          We hear Washu and Mihoshi in the other room go  "Huh!".

          Ayeka's head darts around in horror as Mihoshi, Washu, Sasami
with Kitty- Bunny Ryo-Ohki and Tenchi's grandfather all converge on the
steps.

          Blushing uncontrollably Ayeka tries to cover herself with her arms.

Ayeka:    I....I uh....I...

Sasami:   Oh Ayeka!  Are you okay?  Where's Tenchi?

          The whole group (minus Ayeka and Sasami) shout "TENCHI?!?"

          Washu looks like she knows something as she crosses her arms.
Geo and Tenchi's grandfather look away embarrassed.  Mihoshi looks confused
(which is pretty much  normal).

Mihoshi:  Yea.  Where is Tenchi?  I was sweeping leaves in the back and I
heard him shouting and when I came around the corner he was gone.

Washu:    Tenchi's probably outside somewhere with an enormous grin on his
face. <smirk>

          Geo and Tenchi's grandfather mumble something about having some
work to do or something as they quietly slip away.  The ladies just
continue to give Ayeka the third degree.

          Cut to Mihoshi's face.  She seems to be trying to think.  It's
not going well.  Her face goes through confusion, to concentration to dumb
surprise.

Mihoshi:  Are you saying that?  That Ayeka and...and Tenchi...they...

          Mihoshi, Ayeka, Sasami and even Ryo-Ohki blush.

Washu:    Do what?  The horizontal tango?  Get busy?  Do the nasty? Bury
the bone.  Play hide the sausage?  Bump Uglies?  The wild thing?  Ride the
baloney pony?

          Mihoshi screams and dances around in embarrassment.  Ayeka, her
eyes the size of dishes, runs screaming up the stairs.  Sasami and Ryo-Ohki
don't seem to really have any idea what's going on but they seem to have a
sneaking suspicion that it's nasty.

          Washu looks generally sad.  Walking back into the dinning room
she picks up her book and plops back down on the floor.

Washu:    I only hope Ryoko will be okay.

          Mihoshi, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki walk back into the dinning room.

Mihoshi:  Was it the egg you think?

Washu:    I told you that was just a story.  We all ate it and we're fine.
You don't see me jumping G..Tenchi's bones do you?

          Sasami looks down at Bunny-Kitty Ryo-Ohki who looks back at her.

Sasami:   Jump his bones?

Ryo-Ohki: Meow?

          Mihoshi shakes her head and giggles.

Mihoshi:  Oh Washu!  You're EMBARRASSING me!

Washu:    Imagine how Ayeka must feel.

          Mihoshi just looks blank.
          Washu closes her book with a sigh.

Washu:    Look.  I think we both know what Ayeka did...or tried to do right?

Mihoshi:  Yes. <hesitant>

Sasami:   No.

Ryo-Ohki: Meow! <affirmative with Sasami>

          Washu looks disgusted.

Washu:    Go and play dear, this is woman talk.

          Sasami is to curious to leave.

Sasami:   But your a girl too Little Washu.

Washu:    <mumble> Maybe I should do something about that... <normal tone>
Just go play honey, okay?  You too Ryo-Ohki.

Sasami:   Okay Washu...

          Sasami and Ryo-Ohki bound out of the room.

          Washu returns to business.

Washu:    Where was I?  Oh!  The egg.  It's supposed power didn't affect us
did it?

          Still confused.

Mihoshi:  Um....no.

Washu:    So if it wasn't the egg then....

          The theme to Jeopardy starts playing as Mihoshi thinks.  After a
good long while she comes to a conclusion.

Mihoshi:  So...she...she did that because?  Because deep down she really
wanted to?  I mean REALLY deep down inside...even though she's a princess
she's really...

          Washu tries not to slap Mihoshi.

Washu:    SHE'S A FLOOZY!

          Mihoshi just stands there stunned as the scene fades.

          Some time has passed.  Ryoko is back, sleeping on the front
porch, the wind blowing her hair lightly.  There's an orange leaf in it.
Sasami comes bounding out the door with little-girl Ryo-Ohki.  The noise
wakes Ryoko up.

Ryoko:    Wha...?

Sasami:   Oops!  Sorry Ryoko!

Ryoko:    Oh, hi Sasami. <rub eyes>

Sasami:   Have you seen Tenchi?

          Ryoko frowns.

Ryoko:    No not since...

          Suddenly a white vortex with golden sparks opens behind Sasami.
Ryoko jumps up alarmed.

Ryoko:    Sasami!  Look out!

          Ryo-Ohki whirls around so fast she falls over on her bum.
Close-up of Sasami as she spins around in slow motion.  Her mouth goes into
a surprised O as a familiar robed figure suddenly reached out from the
portal and grabs one of her long pig-tails.  Ryoko dashes forward but
before she can do anything the grinning face of Doctor Clay and Sasami
disappear into the portal.  Cut back to the shocked look on Ryoko's face as
we hear Ryo- Ohki begin to cry.

          Cut to new scene.  It's Washu's lab.  Washu, Tenchi, Geo and
Ryoko are all there.

Washu:    Damn it!  He somehow used one of these stupid paper clips to free
himself!

Geo:      I'm sorry Doctor Washu!  This is all my fault!  If I hadn't...

          Washu cuts him off.  You get a good look at Washu, she's not
"Little" Washu anymore...

Washu:    No, It's as much my fault as yours.  I knew this table wasn't
really designed to hold prisoners.  I should have put him in a cage.

Tenchi:   Where's Miss Ayeka?  Where's grandfather and my dad?  We need to
tell them Doctor Clay has her sister!

Geo:      I looked in Ayeka's room but she's not there.  I don't know where
they've gone.

Washu:    There's no time to look for them.  We have to find Clay before he
does something to Sasami.

          Tenchi looks horrified.

Tenchi:   What will he do Washu!

          Washu looks genuinely  afraid.

Washu:    I don't know...   Ryoko!  Tell us again exactly what happened.

Ryoko:    I was sleeping on the porch when Sasami woke me up.  We talked
for a few seconds then this white portal opened and...

Geo:      Did you say a white portal?  A white portal with gold sparks?

Ryoko:    Uh..yea...

          Geo's face turns pale as he turns and whacks his head against the
examination table.

Geo:      He's broken into my ship.  Somehow he's taken control of my
ship...and maybe even Temujin!

Washu:    But how could he do that?  Unless...

          Washu turns to look back at where her computer is.  Or rather
should be.  The pillow is there but no terminal.  Rushing over she starts
tapping at the air but nothing happens.

Washu:    Damn it!  He's broken into my system and shut the computer down!
It'll take me days to fix this!

          Again Geo looks sick.

Geo:      I gave your computer full access to my system Doctor Washu.  Clay
must have broken into your system and then got access to mine.  We are in
some serious sh...

Washu:    Damn that cleaver bastard!  How did he know my password was...

          Washu looks down...a great sadness on her face.

          Ryoko looks disgusted.

Ryoko:    Wait a second.  Let me get this straight.  Two of the top minds
in the entire scientific field and Doctor Clay has you right where he wants
you because YOU didn't come up with better security than a password and YOU
didn't bother to lock up important stuff like...oh...YOUR KILLER ROBOTS
PROGRAMMING!!!

          Both Washu and Geo look down in shame.  Ryoko slaps her forehead
and grumbles about how stupid they are.

Tenchi:   That's not important now Ryoko.  Right now we need to concentrate
on saving Sasami!

Washu:    He's obviously just trying to get to me...I....I'll go.

          Simultaneously said.

Geo/Tenchi:    No Washu we...

          Tenchi and Geo look at each other.  Geo continues.

Geo:      I share more blame than you do Doctor Washu.  It's my ship and
my....my creation.  I'll go.  He surely wants me as badly for what I did to
him.

Washu:    No way.  Octopus head hates me far more than he hates you.  I got
him kicked out of the Academy!

Geo:      But if I hadn't left Temujin's mind exposed to attack this would
have never...

Tenchi:   Enough!  The both of you!  It doesn't matter who's fault it is.
Clay wants revenge on all of us.  We'll all go.

          Tenchi crosses his arms and looks resolute.  You can see
something of the royalty in him.  His confidence is high.  Washu and Geo
look at each other, then cast their eyes away in shame.  Tenchi whirls
around and begins marching away, Ryoko floats after him, glancing over her
shoulder at Washu and Geo.

          Cut to the outside of Geo's ship.  Tenchi and Ryoko are both in
their battle garb.  Geo and Washu look fairly normal.  Washu has some sort
of goggles on and has a rather nasty looking pistol in her hands.  No sight
of anyone else.  Geo walks toward the ship cautiously.  As he reaches his
hand out the top slides open, revealing the cockpit.  It looks somewhat
sinister now.  Looking over his shoulder at the other three.

Geo:      I...I'll go first.

          Washu stops him.

Washu:    No, we'll go.  It's only right that I go too.

          Both Washu's and Geo's faces look hard, but they also look scared.

Tenchi:   No.  Ryoko and I will go first.  No offense Washu, Geo, but
you're not warriors.

          Geo looks like he's going to argue but blanches as he realizes
that with out Temujin he's really just a common martial artist.  Sighing he
stands aside so Tenchi can climb into the cockpit.  Taking a seat he looks
uncomfortable as Ryoko crams into the cockpit with him.  Ryoko sits primly
on his knees.  For a split second before the chair begins to hurl backwards
you see a look in Tenchi's eyes.  Disappointment?

          We see Tenchi and Ryoko disappear into the belly off the ship.  A
moment later the chair snaps back into place.  Geo looks at the chair, his
face cold.  Washu shivers.  Geo climbs into the cockpit and gives Washu a
hand inside.  You can  see Geo is both uncomfortable and scared as Washu
takes a seat on his lap.  The chair suddenly hurls backwards, Geo
instinctively grabs Washu around the middle.

          The chair dumps them out into a battle!  Geo just stands there
still holding Washu like they're performing some sort of dance.  They both
gape at what's happening.

          Ryoko flies into the air and blasts spheres of energy at Doctor
Clay.  Some sort of shield deflects them into the ceiling causing the image
of a nice day to shimmer.  Tenchi dances left and right under the oak tree
while Temujin rakes at him with its claws.  Doctor Clay is laughing at the
duo's attempts to stop him.  He stands on top of the cliff holding Sasami
by the pig-tail.  Sasami struggles to get away but it's no use.

          Washu draws a bead on Doctor Clay with her pistol and fires.  The
blast bounces off his shield and nearly hits Ryoko.

Ryoko:    Hey! Watch it!

          Doctor Clay takes notice of Washu and begins screaming over the
din of battle.

Clay:     Ah.  Doctor Washu.  So glad you could join us.  TEMUJIN!  Kill
Doctor Washu!

          Temujin takes one final swipe at Tenchi.  Tenchi leaps forward
with a massive frontal attack only to meet open air.  He stumbles and falls
not far from the pool.

          Washu is aiming again at Clay when a black shape suddenly
obstructs her view.  Gasping Washu falls back, one arm raised in defense.
Temujin's black claw lashes out.  At the last possible instant a white blur
rushes up knocking Washu backwards into the "sky".  Temujin sends Geo
sailing into the ground, bloods gushes from the wounds, staining his left
side red.

          Washu raises her gun, a look of anger on her face and shoots
Temujin point blank in the the chest.  Temujin's body blows inward
revealing hollow space, metal pops outward like a soda can shot with a
pistol.  Temujin takes a step back.  The black metal quickly reforms into a
normal looking chest.  Temujin starts forward again, in the back ground we
can see Tenchi rushing forward and Ryoko with her sword bashing against the
Doctors shield.

          Washu is about to shoot again when Geo rushes shoulder first into
Temujin, deflecting him from Washu's path.  Temujin falls over on his side
with some grace.  Geo, on the other hand,  goes rolling and comes to a stop
in a heap.  Wasting no time Washu begins pumping Temujin with her gun but
Temujin is now wise to her trick.  The bolts deflect off a force field.

          Screaming a battle cry Tenchi strikes down the now rising
Temujin.  The sword's edge is deflected by the force field but the strike
itself sends Temujin back down and Tenchi sailing back the way he came.

          Washu looks around frantically as we see Geo climbing back to his
feet.  His right shoulder, the one he struck Temujin with, is hanging
limply.  It looks like he broke it but some how he's able to rise.  The red
stain seeps down his side. Blood runs down his boot.

          Temujin attempts to rise again but Tenchi begins whaling on him
with the sword.  Attacking over and over, beating him down.

          Ryoko makes one final blast at Doctor Clay and then wheels away
to help Tenchi.

          Cut to Doctor Clay.  He frowns as Ryoko rushes toward Temujin
sword held ready.  He shouts.

Clay:     Temujin!  To me!

          Ryoko rushes toward Temujin, her sword held ready to pierce it.
Tenchi brings his sword down with a devastating over head stroke only to
hit empty air.

          Whirling around they look up to see Temujin, not even damaged,
standing next to Doctor Clay.

          Doctor Clay grins and shouts across the field.

Clay:     I've seen enough.  It's time to die pathetic fools.  But first
we'll watch this little Jurian brat's body shatter on the rocks!

          With no sense of remorse Doctor Clay swings Sasami out over the
cliff to the rocks below.  In slow motion we see Sasami's face as she falls
away from Doctor Clay.  A flash of another image, of the inside of a Jurian
ship.  A curved platform sailing away from us.  Return to normal speed.
Sasami screams in terror as she hurls toward the rocks, her body goes limp.

          Geo, Ryoko, Tenchi and Washu scream as they try to make it to
Sasami before it's too late but there is no hope.

          Cut back to Sasami.  Her body sails downward, we can see her
reflection in the pool.  The reflection shimmers and changes as the image
of Tsunami rises from the pool and catches the limp form of Sasami mere
feet from the rocks.  Tsunami attempts to rise but stumbles, dropping
Sasami onto the grass, she rolls to a stop.

          Tenchi and Ryoko appear at Sasami and Tsunami's side.

Tenchi:   Sasami!  Tsunami!

Tsunami:  Hurry Tenchi, something is blocking the Jurian energy.  I've
given you all the power I can but I'm afraid it might not be enough.

Tenchi:   What?  What do you...

          Tenchi's sword begins to flicker and die.

Tsunami:  Hurry Tenchi!  Hurry!

          With that Tsunami fades away.

          Pure rage fills Tenchi's face as his sword begins to glow
stronger.  His head lifts from the limp form of Sasami up to a surprised
Doctor Clay.

Tenchi:   You bastard!  She's just a little girl!

          Clay looks unimpressed as he glances at Temujin.

Clay:     I change my mind. Kill him first Temujin.

          Temujin instantly leaps off of the cliff and hurls toward Tenchi,
claws ready to rend.  Tenchi  lowers his sword and thrusts his chin toward
Temujin.  The sailing black form suddenly hits a glowing blue field and
slams backwards into the cliff.  Rocks and dust rain down it as it leaps
back out of the crater, red dust trailing behind it as it rushes toward
Tenchi only to be blasted backwards again by the Light Hawk Wings.  Temujin
sails through the waterfall, instantly it's black form bursts from the
water toward Tenchi.  Before it reaches him a bolt from Washu's gun and a
blast from Ryoko knocks Temujin into the cliff face again.  Temujin is
getting knocked around but its shield and sheer endurance have left it
unharmed.

          Temujin slams again into the Light Hawk Wings only to be knocked
across the pond, rolling through the grass.  Even before it comes to a stop
it has scrambled onto all fours and begins tearing across the field like an
obsidian nightmare.  Bolts from Washu and blasts from Ryoko blow craters in
the grass but Temujin dodges them easily.  Temujin hurls through the air
landing full force on Tenchi's Wings in a crouched position.  Tenchi looks
to be in great pain as sparks fly and Temujin claws at the wings on top of
Tenchi.  It's clear he can't keep it up for much longer.

          Tenchi sinks to one knee as Temujin's claws blast sparks off of
the Light Hawk Wings, making it grow weaker and weaker.  Screaming a battle
cry Ryoko rockets Temujin off of Tenchi with a spinning side strike of the
sword.  Temujin hits the cliff feet first and pushes off like an arrow
straight toward Ryoko!  Ryoko raises her sword to try and deflect  as Washu
          hits Temujin again from the side.  As Temujin sails past Ryoko
she takes a  swipe at him but with little effect.

          Temujin is thrown ass over elbows but is on his feet again and
rushing toward Tenchi and  Ryoko when Geo suddenly steps between Temujin
and Tenchi.  His right arm hangs limply and he looks like he can barely
stand.  Temujin stops to consider him for a moment.

          Cut to Doctor Clay's view.  We can see Temujin facing Geo.  Geo's
back is to us.  Ryoko is helping Tenchi stand and Washu us running up to
try and save Geo.

          Cut back to Geo.  His face is calm but wane.  Temujin turns his
head slightly, like a dog looking at something it doesn't understand.  Geo
croaks out as best he can.

Geo:      Attention.  Initialize undocumented procedure alpha theta omega rho.

          The sky instantly turns gray.  Everything is cast into a near
darkness (black and gray inks).  The indistinct form of Temujin seems even
more monstrous.  Clay looks around alarmed as does everyone else.  Washu
stares at Temujin as it's form begins to twist and run.  It's face becomes
blocky, it's limbs melt into it's core, it seems to be shrinking.

          Geo sinks to his knees as Temujin slowly turns into a rough
sphere.  Washu holds him upright.  You can see Geo's past caring, he looks
into Washu's eyes with a sad smile.  His eyes wet with tears.

Geo:      Goodbye Doctor Washu...I'm glad I was able to meet you before I died.

          Washu gasps and then looks angry.

Washu:    You're not leaving me Geo!  Never again damn it!  Never again!

          Unbelievable Washu hoists Geo onto her shoulder(he's probably
80lbs heavier than she is) and starts at a brisk pace toward the exit.

          Ryoko and Tenchi just look on in amazement as Washu stagers past
the spherical form of Temujin.  Both their faces become hard and
unforgiving as they turn toward the cliff and Doctor Clay.  Clay's face
goes white as he dashes away from the edge out of view.

          Cut to the top of the cliff as Ryoko comes sailing over the edge.
Not a moment later Tenchi lands next to her.  Both are looking for Clay in
the gloom.  Out of the corner of her eye Ryoko spots movement.  A blast of
energy explodes not far from Clay and we see him in shades of red and
orange.  Screaming Doctor Clay leaps off the edge into the tree tops.
          Tenchi and Ryoko rush forward as he crashes through the trees.

          Ryoko and Tenchi land  just outside of the trees.  It's very dark
inside the little corps, very sinister.  The duo walk slowly, spreading
out.  The light from their swords casting upwards onto their face giving
them an evil visage.  The sound of a squirrel chattering and a little
*thonk* noise comes from not far away.  Rushing forward Tenchi's sword
reveals a surprised
          Doctor Clay.  Doctor Clay has enough time to raise his arm before
Tenchi's sword rams through his gut burst through spine.  The blue glow of
the sword makes Clay's death mask all the more horrible as he slowly dies.
Tenchi pulls the sword from his body as Clay falls to the ground.  Smoke
curls up from the hole in his body as he tries to crawl away.  We hear him
whisper over and over "I can't feel my legs.  I can't feel my legs." as he
drags himself away from his killer.

          A look of something, maybe pity, crosses Tenchi's face.  Ryoko
sails into view just as Tenchi steps over Clay, raises his sword,
hesitates, and smites off his head at a stroke.

          Tenchi's looks toward Ryoko.  His eyes are dull and his face
slack.  The scene fades along with the glow of Tenchi's sword.

          Cut to the sky.  Clouds race by overhead, revealing the blunted
sun occasionally.  We can see several people in black standing in a circle.
Between their forms we see what looks to be a fresh mound of dirt and a
headstone.  No one is crying, but the scene seems charged  with emotion.
The camera pans around the faces of Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, etc until we
          come to the face of Washu.  She seems to be trying to hold back
strong emotions.  Emotions almost to powerful for anyone to contain.  The
camera pans in closer and closer to Washu.  Her face grows taunt as we move
in.  Suddenly her mouth twists into a sneer and she spits on the grave.

          Spinning around she walks away from the grave.

          Ryoko in a smart, but some what to reveling, black dress turn to
Tenchi.

Ryoko:    Why did you insist we bury him?  I'd have just disintegrated him
and be done with it.

Tenchi:   Well...I don't know really.  I mean, he was an evil man but he
was still...I mean I did...

          Tenchi's calm crumbles as he buries his face into Ryoko's shoulder.

Tenchi:   When he....his chest...and I...

          Tenchi sobs and clutches at Ryoko.

          Ayeka reels back. Her fingers crooked into claws as she looks on
in horror.
          Ryoko's eyes are as big as saucers as she absentmindedly pats
Tenchi on the head.  You can tell she's in shock.

Ryoko:    I..uh...he...that is...

          Ryoko shakes her head and looks down with a mixture of sadness
and joy at the top of Tenchi's head.  Her face seems to give the impression
that she'll take what she can get as she gives Tenchi a comforting hug.

Ryoko:    It's okay Tenchi.  It's okay...  He was going to kill us all.
You had to kill him.  Just like you had to kill Kagato.

          At the mention of Kagato Tenchi begins to wail louder.  It's
still sad but kind of funny too.  Ryoko can't help but grin a little as she
comforts Tenchi.

          After his crying jag Tenchi pushes Ryoko away softly.  Grinning
foolishly he
          wipes tears from his face.  He's clearly very embarrassed.

Tenchi:   I...thanks Ryoko. <sad grin>

          Ryoko says with perhaps a bit to much enthusiasm.

Ryoko:    Anytime Tenchi!  Anytime...

          Lower his head Tenchi and with his hands in his pockets Tenchi
walks back toward the house.  Ryoko practically frolics behind him.

          Cut back to Ayeka, Tenchi's grandfather and Tenchi's dad.  Ayeka
looks off toward where Tenchi and Ryoko went.  Suddenly she halls off and
          slugs Yosho in the arm.

Yosho:    Hey!  What was that for?

Ayeka:    <sarcastic voice> Let's go grocery shopping you said.  We'll make
a day out of it you said.  LOOK AT THAT!  Look at what happened!

          Yosho grimaces and looks at Ayeka as if to say "Give me a break".

Yosho:    Sasami is fine, everyone is fine.  What's the matter with you?

Ayeka:    You call THAT fine!  Tenchi practically threw himself on her!
With a dress like that it's no wonder. *hump!* Hussy.

          Yosho puts a calming arm on Ayeka's shoulder.

Yosho:    I'm sure it's not like that at all Ayeka.  No doubt Tenchi thinks
of Ryoko as more of a...oh..a mother figure.

          Ayeka's eyes light up with joy.

Ayeka:    You...you think so!

          Yosho nods his head and smiles.  Ayeka, overjoyed, frolics toward
the house.  As she dances away we see Yosho give his son a worried look.

          The two men begin walking away from the grave.  The camera pans
toward the grave and then cuts to the grave stone where we see the epitaph.


                     Dr. Clay

                He Died as He Lived
                      A Loser
