Tenchi Masaki and all other characters except Kyo and Dr. Nova are copyright 
Pioneer/AIC Inc.  The song and excerpts from "Porcelain" and elements from the 
music video are copyright by Moby, Ltd.  Lyrics to "The Lamb Lies Down on 
Broadway" written and copyright to Genesis, Ltd.  Elements to "The Evil Dead" 
belongs to Sam Raimi.  This storyline and plot (everything except for the 
characters from Tenchi Muyo series, and the lyrics, songs and movie elements.) 
is copyright under Aaron Rutherford.  You can contact Aaron at 
Archangel958@aol.com.  This fanfic is purely original, and is an unofficial 
story about the Tenchi Muyo series.

Prologue

	It's been almost a month since the unexpected visitor, Kyo, came to the 
Masaki household, creating even MORE chaos among the prominently-female group.  
He brought along Mihoshi's partner (against her will, and unintentionally), and 
close ties to others became clearer.  But I'll just make things easier for 
everyone by saying that EVERYTHING IS BACK TO NORMAL!  Washu welcomed the two 
visitors with open arms and syringes.  Sasami enjoyed Kyo's company, while 
Nobuyuki started to be on the brink of insanity.  "Too...much...estrogen..." can 
usually be heard to recall whenever he "accidentally stumbled" into the onsen, 
JUST when the women were bathing.  Tenchi had someone to talk to that's finally 
his own gender, and Kiyone... she knows Mihoshi isn't dead.  All was right with 
the world... you know what?  I'm gonna try and stop the foreshadowing for a 
second to let you know that all is NOT right with the friggin' world.  What, you 
think Lady Tokimi was just gonna take this lying down?  NO!  To be honest, she 
sent out a fleet of ships, all commanded by loyal followers, to investigate; and 
just to help things out, she joined in, as well. 
Track 1
	
	Tenchi sighed as more dust blew upon the Masaki shrine.  He seemed to get 
twice as many chores around the summer time.  His father said it's purpose is to 
"augment" his allowence, but he bets the real reason is that Nobuyuki fell 
asleep after 5 minutes of sweeping.  Visiting with friends became a rarity, but 
it was a rarity to begin with, since he lives as far away from civilization, as 
possible.  Wiping his brow, he looked up to see a figure perched upon a cliff, 
staring into the sky.
	"Hey, Kyo!"  Yelled Tenchi.  The figure was startled by Tenchi, and fell 
down off the cliff.  
	Kyo had been a bit more light-hearted ever since he and Kiyone came, but 
he still had a bit of moodiness in him.  Those feelings clashed, and combined 
with the usual awkward stage a teenage boy goes through around that time, Kyo 
was a becoming human casualty waiting to happen.  He and the others didn't mind, 
though.  "It's just a phase", Grandpa said.  The moaning from the fallen Kyo was 
quickly blocked out by the beeping of Tenchi's watch.  It was 11:30:  Time for 
Washu's "Class".  He knew that it was going to be a busy day; Lord knows what 
Washu has in mind for her next experiment (Kyo volunteered, but pretty much had 
no idea what he was getting himself into), and they planned a trip to Auntie's 
house to visit, but mostly take a dip in her pool.  The way things are going, 
Tenchi hoped that she'd be kind enough to forgive about what happened the last 
time they visited.  He walked down the steps of the Masaki shrine and made his 
way to the portal-door, where inside, Washu's "class" was being held.  A moment 
later, Kyo stumbled out of the underbrush and limped to Washu's class.
	Kyo twitched his right hand.  The metal contraptions attached to his 
fingers were bizarre enough, but the cuffs and helmet of steel was just WIERD.  
He looked up to see Washu, getting the "class's" attention.  The class quite 
simply consisted of Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka, Mihoshi, Sasami, and Kiyone, all in the 
usual Japanese-school get-ups.
	"You comfy enough?"  Said Washu.  It was yet another experiment, with Kyo 
strapped to what seemed like an electric chair.
	"I'm a little..."
	"LET'S GET STARTED!"  And Washu started up the machine, while the class 
shifted in their chairs and looked up at the giant screen.  Washu puts on a 
graduate-ceremony cap and points to the screen, now turning from black to a neon 
blue, to static, to a compilation of screens.
	"Now, I'm just gonna recap on what we saw."  And she pointed to one 
screen, which enlarged to full-screen size.
	"Our first specimen on the mind-tv-converter... thingie... experiment, was 
Ryo-Ohki!"  She then played a snippet of super-deformed Washus, Ryokos, Tenchis, 
etc. and CARROTS falling down in an endless fashion.  "Now, what is the majority 
on Ryo-Ohki's mind?"  Silence.  "Anyone?  Anyone?"  Silence still.  
	"...Bueller?  Bueller?"
	"Carrots!"  Shouted Sasami!
	"And the lady gets a cigar!"  Joked Washu, as she pulled up another 
screen.
	"The second was Mihoshi, whom I would like to thank personnally for 
volunteering ::cough::waste of time::cough::." The video showed crayon drawings 
of Ryoko with devil-horns, Tenchi with a halo and Kyo with a rain cloud above 
his head.  "Now, what is the emphasis on THIS time?"
	"OH! OOH!  I KNOW THIS ONE!  CARROTS!"  Said Mihoshi.  The class shifted 
around and looked at her.
	"What? No!"  Washu was dumbfounded.  "It's..."  
	Mihoshi simply stared at the screen, giggling incessantly.  
	"It's... It...It..I..."
	Washu moved on.  "The third one was from my precious, RYOKO!" And the 
third screen pulled up, showing, you guessed it, TENCHI TENCHI TENCHI!  The 
whole video was played out like an RPG, with Ryoko, Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki on the 
"good side" and Aeka in some sort of morphed dragon form, on the "bad side".  
Ryoko held up her arms, and a sign saying "Summon" appeared on the top of the 
screen.  The camera moved up, and Ryo-Ohki (in ship form) and Mihoshi and Kiyone 
in the Yagami came out of the darkened sky, unleashing a salvo of energy upon 
Aeka.  A white "9" appeared right next to her, followed by an immeasurable 
series of zeros.  Aeka turned red and melted into the ground.  Ryoko celebrated 
the winning battle by jumping into Tenchi's arms.  They both embraced, and Ryoko 
locked her legs around Tenchi-- then the screen turned black.
	"I'd show ya more, but  ::cough:: Sasami's with us, and it gets a 
little...  NEXT EXPERIMENT!"  And she pulled a lever.  A surge of energy shot 
through the wires, and right into Kyo's headgear.  The screen turned to static 
as the chair started to pick up data from Kyo's brain.  It didn't really HURT 
him, but his eye twitched a little (it was a habit of his).  The invention 
worked fine, but once the feedback had been recieved, it immediately start to 
play the video, but know that Washu didn't cue it up; it just started on it's 
own.
	The video played like a stylish music video, with Moby's "Porcelain" being 
played.  The setting was at Tenchi's house, and everything was tinted a dark 
blue as Kyo walked onto the front porch.
	Ryoko, Aeka and the others may SEEM perfectly fine with Tenchi, the truth 
is they depend on him, and evidently take him for granted, sometimes.  Parts of 
this were shown in Kyo's "music video", but was displayed very subtly.  Kyo 
walked past Ryoko, hiding in the shadows, until Tenchi walked down from the 
stairs.  She materialized right in front of him, and he typically face-faulted, 
and FREEZE!  The two are frozen in time.  Kyo, startled, looked at the fleshy 
statues of Ryoko and Tenchi, and continued on.  He looked into the window of the 
door leading to Washu's room, and he can see Washu scrutinizing some sort of 
biological creature in a tank.  The creature exploded into pieces of rainbow-
colored mass, and she turned around and laughed triumphantly-- and FREEZE!  
Washu is another frozen pantomime.
	"So this is goodbye."  Said Kyo, lip-synching to the lyrics to Moby's 
ballad as it played on.  He turned around to see Aeka and Tenchi (again) staring 
out to the azure sun.  He looked around again to find himself no longer inside 
the house, but on a cliff overseeing the rural region they all live in.  Tenchi 
and Aeka spoke of something, but was lost in the wind as they looked into eacho 
other's eyes-- and FREEZE!  Locked in time forever.  Turn around again to see 
Kiyone and Mihoshi, struggling to start up the engine to their destroyed Yagami.  
Mihoshi passed Kiyone the wrong bottle of lubricant-- and FREEZE!  Mihoshi is 
frozen while recoiling in surprise from the explosion; Kiyone and the explosion 
were also still.  Kyo clumb down the cliff, and ended up at the Masaki tree, and 
could see Sasami playing with Ryo-Ohki; Sasami playfull tossed Ryo-Ohki in the 
air, while Ryo-Ohki "miya'd" in happiness.  This moment was captured forever-- 
FREEZE!  And a black flash flew by, to show a final glimpse of Kyo's fevered 
mind.  He had set up a camera, and was patiently waiting for the family to get 
in place for a picture.  All the girls hung over, near and under Tenchi, 
embracing him somehow, and Kyo snapped the picture...  Once the flash 
dissipated, he was alone to himself; what happened to the girls?-- FREEZE!  All 
the girls:  Ryoko, Aeka, Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi and Kiyone were kept, frozen in 
time...  Tenchi is nowhere to be found.  They were all embracing nothingness.  
Kyo's blue-tinted eyes started to sparkle softly, then stopped.  This green iris 
in his eyes were now nonexistant, as he viewed the incomprehensibly saddening 
picture.  The smiles painted on each's face, happy for something; some unknown 
thing.  What would they say if Tenchi was gone?  What would they do?  Kyo prayed 
that they wouldn't stay like this.  It was merely an empty, blue photograph of 
the girls and nothing more.  It was unbearable in it's tranquility and 
solemnity; there was no more Lady Tokimi for him, now.  No faith in anything, 
anymore.  All there is-- all he can have-- is the Masaki family and the girls.  
Even then, he can't HAVE the girls; he accepted that.  He wanted a family 
snapshot, but what if the family's heart is emptied out by the one that they've 
taken most for granted?  Kyo wants to know.  Kyo is without purpose.  Kyo 
incomplete.
	"Hey, guys!  C'mon, we're goiong to Auntie's house!"  Nobuyuki had popped 
his head in the dimensional door (after a while of searching for them.).  Tenchi 
looked at his watch; 30 minutes had passed in a flash.  A school bell rang 
inside the room, and everyone got out of their seats and made their way to the 
door, outside, and to the van.  
	Washu turned off the machine and unhooked Kyo.  Clasping his right hand 
around his left wrist and rubbing it, he asked Washu, "Was that too much?  
Should I have watered it down a bit?"  They both exchanged laughs as they 
followed the others out.

Track 2

	The ride in the van to Auntie's house was rather uneventful. Sure, it was 
crowded, but that was commonplace.  Ryoko didn't mind; she just HAPPENED to be 
stuck in missionary position with Tenchi for the whole time; but don't think 
Aeka didn't mind that.
	"Get away from him, vile woman!"  Was heard from the backseat.  Washu and 
Nobuyuki listened from the front seat, while Mihoshi and Sasami were playing 
cards in the middle row.  Kiyone had trouble with sitting on the edge, and had 
her rear-end plastered against the window (male passers-by didn't care.).  Kyo 
negotiated with the seats, and found a perfect place right between the front and 
middle seats, the suitcases, and the floor.  He just lied down, staring up at 
the curved window and the clouds floating by.
	"You want a piece of this?!" Slaps against cheeks and pulling of clothes 
can be heard as Ryoko and Aeka continued their fighting.  Throughout the tussle, 
Kiyone managed to turn on her portable mobile-report.
	"Kiyone reporting."  She started.  "I had just recently been patrolling 
the outer system of Jupiter, when an Unidentified Flying Object soared through 
my radar at unbelievable speed..."
	"Hey!  Shake it, don't break it, baby!"  Came a voice from outside the 
window.  A group of teenagers were enjoying the view they had of Kiyone from 
their car.
	"Pause."  She said, and opened the window and tossed an earring-grenade 
into the open window of the car.  They swerved around, screaming in terror as 
the car exploded in the distance.  She closed the window and resumed her report.
	"What is this "it" they keep talking about?"  Said Kyo.
	"I followed the trail, and I soon discovered that the object had crashed 
into earth.  I went there to investigate, with intentions of arresting the 
person or persons operating that vehicle, until I discovered something even more 
shocking; the princess and heiress to Jurai, the space-pirate Ryoko, reknowned 
scientific genius Washu..."
	"I AM A GENIUS!"  Yelled Washu from the front of the seat.
	"And my presumed-dead partner... oh, God... Mihoshi were ALL IN THE 
VICINITY OF THE AREA.  Even stranger enough, they all seemed to call this 
"Japan" home.  After a while of persuing, I found the operator of the object, 
whom was also a follower of Lady Tokimi, and a part of the group of radicals 
worshipping her!"
	Kyo groaned from the floor.
	"Arresting the follower, whom answered to "Kyo", proved VERY difficult, as 
I discovered that he had the ability of Telekinesis, and destroyed my side-arm 
without even touching it!  What was even more shocking was that he had gems 
embedded into his wrists-- JUST LIKE SPACE PIRATE RYOKO!  But before he 
destroyed my gun, I fired once into his back (just to paralyze him for while), 
which in turn, made him lose contol of a gigantic sphere of energy..."  She 
started to lose herself.  "It collided into my patrol ship..." She burst into 
tears.  "And DESTROYED IT!  But that isn't even the worst part; the sad thing 
is..."  She looked to her left to see Mihoshi, smiling blankly at her.  "I'm 
making a damn report for no apparant reason!"
	"I got a full house!"  Sasami declared.

Track 3

	The van pulled up to the dirt driveway at about 12:30 in the afternoon.  
Tenchi was the first to get out, running into the forest  while Ryoko flew after 
him.
	"Come back, Tenchi!"  Ryoko yelled as she entered the forest.
	"If you put your hands on him, or so help me I'll RIP YOU APART!"  And 
Aeka chased after Ryoko.  Washu jumped out of the van, while Kyo opened the 
sliding door and made his way to the back to get the luggage.  Nobuyuki met with 
Auntie and exchanged friendly words (fine, ALMOST friendly.).
	"How many women are here, this time?"
	"Uh... heh-heh... six?  Oh, and we have another visitor.  Kyo!  I'd like 
you to meet Auntie Masaki!"
	Kyo looked around to answer, but pulled out a piece of luggage perfectly 
suspended between several others.  Needless to say, Ryoko's beams of energy 
can't nearly hurt as much as what she carried in the suitcase.
	Nobuyuuki consoled a now freaked-out Auntie as they went inside.  "Now 
don't worry, Auntie.  We'll just let him sleep in one of the rooms that doesn't 
have anything fragile or flammable in it!"
	Kyo's head popped out of the freshly-fallen suitcases surrounding him, 
with someone's bra somehow strapped to his head (for unintentional comic relief, 
of course.).
	At about 1:30 in the afternoon, everybody managed to break things in; all 
the suitcases were unpacked, and everybody had all their items set up.  Tenchi 
eased his sore muscles by resting in the hot-springs.  He was hiding behind a 
rock, with his head half-way in the water.  If he needed to hide from Ryoko, he 
would have to take EVERY precaution available to him.  That had to apply, for as 
soon as he sighed with relief, Ryoko phased into the male hot-springs.  
Disregarding proper conduct, she had only one half of her two-piece bathing suit 
on.  Tenchi had to find a dark place to hide.  He noticed one opaque area under 
a  rock, and slowly glided there, with the blood dripping from his nose making a 
stream.  Ryoko scrutinized the entire place, until she came upon a small log 
floating in the water.  "Hmm?  What's this?"  She said, as she picked up the wet 
log.  (Extra points for those who know what happened next)  The log gave off a 
fierce, electric discharge, and Ryoko growled and in pain.  After the shock left 
her body, she opened to her eyes to see Aeka slowly rising from the water (a la 
Kurtz from "Apocalypse Now".). 
	"You really think I'd be stupid enough to not know you'd do this again?"  
Aeka gave her usual evil laugh, as more logs started to surround Ryoko.
	Inside the house, Kyo was getting used to the change of scenery.  He 
walked along the bridge with Sasami, Mihoshi and Kiyone before they left to 
bathe in the hot springs.  He had just stumbled upon a rather large room, with a 
stage, some windows looking out into the canopy of trees, a bar and a piano.  He 
gave a look of curiosity as he gathered the surroundings.  It was a long walk 
around the house, so he leaned on the piano, with his palm outstreched, striking 
a few of the keys.  A couple of bars rang up, and he jumped back.
	"Oh, I see you found the lounge!"  Said a voice from the outside. Auntie 
walked into the room, addressing a frightened Kyo.	"You don't get out often, 
do you?  That over there is a piano!  You hit the keys there, and it makes a 
sound.  You make music on them."
	Kyo looked back at the piano, still a little nervous.  He sits down on the 
chair, and taps on a couple of the keys.  They ring out in c-sharp.  He looks 
back at Auntie, who smiles and ushers Kyo to do some more.

Track 4

	Washu stared out into the forest, perching herself on the edge of the 
bridge.  The recent experiments have been taxing, and she craved rest.  The 
woods' solitude gave her the peace she needed, until a small log smacked her 
right in the forehead, making her topple off of the hand-rail, and onto the 
bridge floor.  She sat back up, rubbing her left temple in pain, and cursing 
under her breath.
	"I hope Aeka knows a good doctor... huh?"  The small log that hit her 
rolled to her side, seemingly beckoning her.  Washu picked it up and slowly 
rotated it, viewing the markings.  They LOOKED as if it were Aeka's but it just 
didn't seem right...  and right when her doubts came, the log opened to show an 
eerie light, shooting into her eyes.  The light had gone right into her soul; 
she didn't blink.  After a moment, the log closed and dropped down to the 
ground, leaving Washu to herself.  She got back up, and made her way to the hot-
springs.
	"Mihoshi?"  Kiyone's voice echoed down the empty hallway.  It was bad 
enough that Mihoshi was nowhere to be found; the cold water dripping down from 
the wet towel wrapped around her caused additional discomfort.  "MIHOSHI!"  She 
started to walk down the hallway; perhaps Mihoshi had gone AWOL again, or 
perhaps she fell down from a high cliff, or perhaps she took a bath while using 
a hair-dryer, or perhaps she slipped on some water, which made her slam into a 
refrigerator, which toppled over and crushed, electrocuted, and froze her at the 
same time.  "God, this might be a good day, after all!"  She started to skip as 
she made her way down the hall, until she came across Mihoshi, curled up in a 
fetal-position on the floor.  All of Kiyone's dreams slowly melted away...  
"URRRGH!  Mihoshi, didn't you get enough sleep already?"
	Mihoshi opened her eyes, and slowly stood upright.  She stared at Kiyone 
with her big, blue... wait... they're not blue... GREEN eyes!  And she spoke to 
her in an unusually high-pitched, slightly nasal voice.
	"Weeelllll, aren't we the nosy ones?"  She said, confidently.  Kiyone was 
dumbfounded.  "I mean, what's wrong with a person getting a little R&R, once in 
a while?  Perhaps to get one's thoughts together: I HOPE SO!"
	"Uh...uuuhhh...."  Kiyone said meekly, as Mihoshi grabbed her by the hand 
and led her to the hot springs.
	"Hi, Washu!"  Yelled Sasami as Washu (fresh in her bathing suit), entered 
the womens' hot springs.  "Hey, what'd you do to your hair?  It's all short and 
curly!"
	Washu said nothing, simply staring at the springs, with the water 
reflecting against her... blue eyes?  "Gee, this water is so cold!"  Washu 
jumped out of the water and grabbed Mihoshi's bag.  She stuck her head in the 
bag, her hands searching furiously for something inside while Sasami looks on, 
curiously.  After a moment or so, she took her head back out, with a side-arm in 
her mouth.  "This'll do the trick!"  She set the side-arm on "Mercury Neural-
override" and tossed it into the springs.
	"WASHU!  WHAT IN THE NAME OF HOLY HELL DID YOU JUST DO!!??!?"  Kiyone was 
there just in time to see the whole thing.
	"I was just trying to warm up the water."
	Mihoshi responded nonchalantly.  "Yeah, it won't do anything wrong if the 
override isn't set at mercury, or any other elements above it.
	"WHAAAT?!"  Kiyone's face twitched at the sound of Mihoshi's... 
intelligent remark.
	"Uh-oh..."  Washu gave a kawaii face-fault and scratched the back of her 
head.  The area where the side-arm sunk to started to glow a bright yellow, as 
Sasami looked on, now in awe.  The yellow light spready across the entire area 
of the hot springs.  Mihoshi, Washu, Kiyone and Sasami screamed in fright.  
Then, Ryoko shot out of the water, with her right hand grasping Tenchi's head.  
Tenchi could be heard yelling something, but was muffled, for his face was 
buried in Ryoko's chest.  Finally, they could see Aeka grasping onto a bit of 
Ryoko's hair.  All three of them forgot what they were doing, and stared at the 
yellow-light glowing from the hot springs.
	"It's gonna blow!"
	Nobuyuki and Auntie Masaki conversed quietly under the soft piano-playing, 
courtesy of Kyo.  He seemed to take to it quite easily.  After a pause, a few 
bars were hit, then he stopped.  Nobuyuki and Auntie clapped.
	"Requests?"  Said Kyo.  His face was glowing as he talked with an upbeat 
tone.
	"How 'bout "Across the sea?""  Asked Nobuyuki.
	"Oh, I love that song!"  Auntie proclaimed.
	"Yeah, that's a good one."  He immediately started to play.  "One of 
Sinatra's best.  Ahem... the summer wind... came blowin' in... from 'cross the 
sea..."  SPLASH! Through the window, a gigantic tidal wave came charging into 
the lounge.  Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, Aeka, and Mihoshi were seen as they came 
careening through the room, until finally, they all slid to a halt at Kyo's 
feet.  Kyo stopped playing, turned around and looked at the stunned group.  
Their eyes are replaced by swirls of confusion and dizzyness (like in typical 
anime-style), and they had punch-drunk smiles.  Kyo smirked and said, "You know, 
if you keep makin' those faces, they'll stay that way."

Track 5

	Nighttime fell upon Auntie's house.  With a rolling of the bedsheets, 
everyone made their respected areas of slumber...
	"C'mon, Tench!  Just once..."
	"Ryoko, your scaring Sasami."
	"Why do you have to be shy all the time?  You know what you want..."
	"HE SAID NO, RYOKO!"
	Aeka had to watch the entire debacle from the threshold of the door.
	"C'mon, guys!  Don't fight!"  Another voice came from behind Aeka.
	"You stay out of this, Mih... huh?"  Aeka and Ryoko looked at a doe-eyed 
Washu.
	"Why do you guys always have to fight?  I don't like it!  It's so sad..."  
Washu teared up and ran off, crying.  Ryoko, Aeka and Tenchi followed the crying 
noise with their eyes.  Concluding, they all looked at each other.
	"So... uh..."
	"Yeah!  Well, I..."	
	"Um.. Lord Tenchi, I..."
	A moment of awkward silence filled the room.  Mihoshi walked by with a few 
scraps of the freshly blown-up side-arm in hand, singing a song played earlier.
	"Rael, imperial aerosol kid, exits in the daylight, spray gun hid..."
	She looked into the room that Tenchi and the girls were in.
	"Uh... guys?"
	They were still confounded by the Washu's sudden mood swing.
	"C'mon!  We need to get our beauty sleep."
	And Mihoshi grabbed Ryoko and Aeka's arm, leading them out of Tenchi's 
room.  Tenchi could her Mihoshi talk as they head down the hall...
	"Now, this is just between us girls, but I think I got this "Beauty sleep" 
thing down; Ryoko, you should listen in on this.  You need 35 hours of sleep a 
day... I think, some sort of cucumber to place on your eyes, a BRA...
	"I'M NOT SAGGING, MIHOSHI!"
	Tenchi breathed out as they finally left.  Not to say that he was finally 
calm; hearing what Mihoshi just said left his blood running cold.
	"My God, she's wacko."  Said a voice from the ceiling.  Tenchi noticably 
freaks out, and looks around for the voice.  He crawled back into bed, and since 
the most convenient position for him is on his back at the moment, he had a 
clear view of the ceiling... Kyo had been there the whole time; placed his back 
against the ceiling, with a blanket and pillow with him by some sort of anti-
gravity trick.
	"I'm serious, Tench.  She's a couple screws short of a bench... or 
whatever metaphor you guys say on earth."
	"No, you got it right."
	Kyo nodded, and slowly levitated down to the floor... fine, he nodded, and 
because of the sudden movement, he flipped and slammed on the floor, with the 
pillow and blanket coming afterward.  Tenchi looked at Kyo, who seemed to go 
into a long moment of thought.
	"Hey, Tenchi."
	"Yeah?"
	"I was just thinking... I don't think I'm... fitting in, with the rest of 
you guys."
	"What do you mean?"
	"You guys always seem to be... I dunno how to put it..."
	"Go ahead..."
	"...I don't face-fault or fall down NEARLY as often as you guys!  Of 
course, that's just what I think...
	A pause.
	"Well, g'night, Tench."
	" 'Night."
	Kyo and Tenchi immediately fell asleep, not even acknowledging the log 
that rolled from the broken hole in the ceiling and onto the floor, right next 
to Kyo's left hand.  It opened, revealing the same eerie light explained 
before... only the light seemed more... tangible, like a fog.  At any rate, the 
"tangible light" seemed to ooze right onto Kyo's left hand, covering it, and 
disappeared.
	The same thing happened in Ryoko and Aeka's room.  Rather this time, a log 
shot through a broken part of the north window, and fell between them.  It 
opened, and a fuschia-dyed gas enveloped the room (and the girls with it.).

Track 6

	"Tenchi,  did you get the bags in, yet?"
	"Hold on, dad."
	All the girls were in the van, anxious to leave.  It had been a nice day 
yesterday, but to be honest, it was a bit frightening.  For example, the next 
morning when Tenchi woke up, neither Ryoko or Aeka even spoke to him, nor did 
they fight.  If he walked by, they would just sit and stare.  Tenchi didn't even 
want to THINK about what's going on with Mihoshi and Washu... or is it the other 
way around?  Anyways, the last wierd thing wasn't really even that wierd.  Kyo 
had seemed to had lost a bit of his hand-eye cooridination.  When he tried to 
place a suitcase in the back of the van, he would get disoriented and hit his 
head several times (with the suitcase) before actually putting it in 
successfully.  He was now in the front of the van, gently nodding his head, as 
if he was nearly about to fall asleep.
	"Hey, Kyo.  You don't look so good.  You alright?"  Asked Sasami on the 
way home.  Kyo responded with some heavy breathing.
	"Hello!"
	Kyo started to snore a bit, before falling silent.
	"Miya?"  Ryo-Ohki tip-toed across Kyo's lap, looking at him with 
curiosity.  He raised his left hand and caressed her fur.  Ryo-Ohki streched out 
over his lap and started to doze off... before his left hand grabbed her by the 
ears, flinging her around and around and tossed her at the back seat.
	"Miya!!!!"
	Nobuyuki was watching him the whole time.
	"Kyo?  Ya feeling well?"
	Kyo snored on.
	"DAD!  TRUCK!"

Track 7

	It was about noonish when the van pulled up to the gate of the Masaki 
house-hold.  Nobuyuki stopped next to Kamidake and rolled down his window.  The 
giant log guard slowly turned to him and ejected a few letters from his mail-
slot.
	"Good morning, sir.  How was your trip?"
	"It was good!  Any messages for us?"
	"None at all.  The weather today will be sunny, with increasing clouds at 
evening time.  This message will self-destruct, unless I'm told otherwise."
	Everything was unpacked and in order, and Tenchi had no chores scheduled 
for today.  To pass the time, he continued reading "Catcher in the Rye".  He 
didn't really care for the book, but it had to be finished to complete an 
assignment for English class.  Nobuyuki was in the kitchen, talking with Washu 
and Grandpa, and Tenchi could faintly hear a part of the conversation.
	"So, anyway, that little accident will be our little secret, alright?"
	"What was he doing, anyway?"
	"Dunno.  But he THREW something while he was sleeping, and that honestly 
freaked me out.  So, anyway, our little secret?"
	"Right."
	"Washu?  Our little secret?"
	"..."
	"Washu?"
	"These glasses are soooo cute!"
	They face-faulted and fell to the floor.
	The faucet turned off in the bathroom, and a splash can be heard.  Kyo was 
feeling a little groggy, and needed a little cold water to wake himself up some 
more. After a moment of self-reflection, he took out a towel to pat on his face, 
then started to brush his hair.... yet after a minute or so of clean motions of 
brushing back, his left hand smacked him in the forehead.  He stopped with a 
look of confusion, then started to brush again, only this time his left hand 
made a fist and clocked him right in the jaw.  Kyo was overcome with fear, and 
he jerked around to see if anybody (i.e. Ryoko) was doing this to him.  No one.  
He got out of the bathroom and climbed the stairs to his room, so he can find 
something to write on.
	"Man, Holden's wierd."  Tenchi concluded as he placed the book back on the 
table.  This small moment of letting his guard down was taken advantage of, as 
Ryoko dove right into Tenchi's arms.
	"RYOKO!"
	"TENCHI!  I WANT YOU SO BADLY!"
	It's safe to say that she can act very capricious, but never in a manner 
like this.
	"I WANT YOU!  I YEARN FOR YOU!  WE MUST MAKE PASSIONATE LOVE NOW!"
	"G-GET OFF OF ME!"
	Throughout the struggling, Tenchi managed to see Aeka a small ways behind 
Ryoko.
	"Aeka!  Thank God, help me out!"
	"Of course, Lord Tenchi."
	She slowly walked towards Tenchi, unbuttoning her kimono.
	"No, don't do that!"
	"I grow tired of my innocence!"  She threw herself upon Tenchi.  "I want 
to lose it with you!"
	Tenchi simply didn't speak for a moment, then shouted out at the top of 
his lungs.
	"KYO!!!!  HELP ME!!!"
	A voice can be heard from upstairs.
	"I wish I could, man, but I got some problems of my own!"
	"What are you talking about?!"
	"...GHAAAAHHHHHHH!!!"  Kyo seemed to be thrown from the top of the stairs 
down to the floor.  "Ouch."
	Tenchi could see Kyo fighting off something, but couldn't get a good 
enough view between the two lust-driven women holding him.  He managed to move 
between the exposed skin surrounding him to see Kyo fighting off... his left 
hand!  And it was apparant he wasn't doing well.  The left hand punched him 
around a couple of times, then grabbed the back of his head and slammed him 
against the wall.
	"Tenchi!  Try to defend yourself!  This thing is a madman!"
	All of a sudden, Mihoshi bolted out of  Washu's lab, complete in a 
scientist's lab-coat.  "Kyo!  Whatever you do, DON'T PROVOKE IT!"
	"Huh?!  How'd you know that..."
	"Just fend it off the best you can!  I'll be back in a flash!"
	And with that, Mihoshi slammed the door.  Behind the door stood Washu, 
with her facial expressions unusually vacant.
	"Why don't you try cutting the hand off?"  She said.
	Kyo and his left hand looked at her, then looked at the kitchen.
	"Don't give it any ideas!"
	But it was too late.  The hand started to drag him along into the kitchen 
to grab a knife, only to crawl to a stop.  Kyo rested his head on the ground, 
only to be picked up by his left hand and placed between the refrigerator and 
the open door.
	::WHAM!  WHAM! WHAM!::
	"Ryoko, stop it!"
	"I don't care if they're around , I want to do it NOW!"
	::WHAM!  WHAM!  WHAM!::  "Gonna feel this in the morning..."
	"Take us, Tenchi!"
	Kiyone sighed heavily as she stared out of the window.  Some sleep now 
would be nice, but admist the screaming and clanging of items in the kitchen, 
all she could do was watch the world go by... and her career with it.  ::DING-
DONG!::  The doorbell rang out, sobering the madness inside the house.  Ryoko 
and Aeka stopped caressing Tenchi for a moment, and Kyo and his hand froze (just 
when he was about to be brutally mangled inside of the garbage disposal.)
	"Coming!"  Shouted Kiyone. She moved her way to the door, not even 
noticing Tenchi and the girls in a position that most parents would scream at if 
they saw, and Kyo lying down on the floor, almost unconscious.  
	She opened the door, revealing a tall, dark, sinister figure, cloaked in 
his very own shadow.
	"Excuse me, may I speak to a Mr.  Kyo?"
	"Uh..."
	Kyo's hand led him into the living room and right to the front door.  He 
gasped at the sight of the menacing figure.
	"Kyo... could you come outiside for a second?  I need to have a little 
chat with you."
	One of the doors opened, and Grandpa walked out of the guest room.  He 
looked at the tall man in the doorway, then back at Kyo.
	"Kyo, do you know this man?"
	He couldn't respond, the hand led him out.  Grandpa could then see Kyo and 
the dark figure walking a way's out, then stopping.  They're bodies silhouetted 
against the setting sun.
	"Hmm..."
	"Who do you think he is?"
	"I don't know, Kiyone.  I'm guessing he must be an acquaintence of Kyo's."
	Kiyone and Grandpa stared at the two conversing shadows.  Kyo's hand 
didn't seem to act up at all.  The conversation, though, was  long-winded, and 
ended up with the taller shadow disappearing.  Kyo headed back to the house, and 
right to the front door.
	"Kyo!  What did that man say to you."
	He stopped, and said, "I'll tell you at dinnner."

Track 8

	Half of Sasami's body leaned into the hallway.  She had her usual cooking 
apron on, and Ryo-Ohki was on her head.
	"DINNER'S READY!"
	"Miya!"
	Washu came shooting down from upstairs and ran right into the kitchen.
	"Oh boy!  I'm starving!"  Was heard from her, right before she slammed 
into an open refrigerator door.  Mihoshi and Kiyone were then seen walking out 
of Washu's lab, talking.
	"And THAT is how you can make napalm using just gasoline, a LOT of 
styrofoam and some free time!"
	"Mihoshi?"
	"Yeah?"
	"...WHAT ARE YOU!?"
	"Tenchi!  Kyo!  Time to eat!"
	Tenchi was walking as if his shoes were sealed in cement; Ryoko and Aeka 
were hanging on his legs.  Kyo came out of the lab as well, also walking as if 
his feet were in cement.
	::THUD!  CREEEEK!  THUD!  CREEEEEK!  THUD!  CREEEEEEK!::
	As a temporary solution, Mihoshi embedded Kyo's left hand into a cement 
block almost half his height.  They all went to their specific places at the 
table, with some trouble.  Mihoshi and Washu were a little confused on where 
their seats were, Tenchi had to throw Aeka and Ryoko to their seats like kicking 
off slippers, and Kiyone fell over Kyo's cement block a few times.
	"What's on the menu tonight?"  Mihoshi asked.  Sasami served them all a 
bowl full of pasta, vegetables and what seemed like sliced nuts.
	"Yakisoba with water chestnuts!"
	Kyo was eager to be served.  "Man, I'm a big fan of water..."  He looked 
at his left arm, which was flailing wildly in the cement.  "Can't do anything 
NOW, can ya!  Thought you were so smart, huh?"
	"Um.. Kyo."  Kiyone spoke up.  "Who was that man earlier?"
	Kyo gulped down some pasta.  "His name is Dr. Nova, one of Lady Tokimi's 
followers."
	Kiyone, Mihoshi and Tenchi gasped.  Washu just said, "Sounds like a 
drink!"
	"...He told me everything 'bout their plans... turns out that I was on a 
suicide mission.  If I died while I had the vessel with me, it would actually 
TAKE my body and fly itself back to the palace, actually hi-jacking my mind and 
body."
	"AH!  So, it would take over your dead body, tap into your brain, and "Re-
boot" yourself.  The vessel, now thinking it was YOU, would fly back to Lady 
Tokimi's place, thinking that it finished the mission."
	Kyo stared with his mouth open, then shook his head and continued.
	"I somehow botched the job, blowing up the crystal and releasing the 
entity inside.  Lady Tokimi didn't like that at all... I then found out that she 
didn't want the vessel... she wanted the ENTITY inside it... some sort of 
"vessel of knowledge", I guess."
	He paused for impact.  The audience then figured out, and gasped.
	"All of Lady Tokimi's followers (well, the dedicated ones) have a mental 
link to her.  They'll have a powerful advantage over the other followers by 
being able to use telekinesis, but comes at a cost... she will know what's on 
their mind ALL THE TIME, not one moment's privacy... she learned of my location 
by manipulating my mind, and relayed that to her other followers."
	"You mean she sent FOLLOWERS after us?"  Nobuyuki said, anxious.
	Kyo paused for a moment.
	"Dr. Nova is the first."
	Fright fell over the dinner table.
	"He told me that HE is the first wave.  He started off the attack by 
tossing one of THESE..."  He took out one of the small logs with strange 
etchings.  "...Into our vicinity.  They're ancient Juraian capsules filled with 
some sort of enzyme that, when mixed with other ingrediants and herbs, create 
potions that give different stimuli."  He looked around the table.  "They were 
used to weaken us first, so we'd be more susceptible to the next attack."
	"NEXT attack?"
	"Ryoko and Aeka's sudden burst of affection, Mihoshi and Washu's 
personality change (I lovingly call them Mihoshu and Washi), and my own freakin' 
left hand getting a life of it's own is responsible of him...  that being said, 
the reason WHY they're doing this is because they're after ME.  Before the 
entity left the Earth system, it went into my head and... influenced these 
emotions inside of me.  That's just ONE thing the entity is capable of doing, 
and Lady Tokimi wants to find out what it is, and if it can be re-located.  She 
wants to hit me where I live, and render our defences useless so she can take me 
back and find out what this entity can do."
	"But why did he leave?"
	"Well, Lady Tokimi has a reputation of being... merciful.  She gived me 3 
hours to decide whether I'll go quietly... or Nova'll go on a riot,  destroying 
everything in it's path, THEN get me."
	They all face-faulted.
	"Huh...  now that I think about it, she isn't really THAT merciful."
	"You seem to be talking it well.  Have you decided?"  Grandpa asked.
	"I don't know... I've grown so fond of this place; it has a hold on me, 
yet I don't want to hurt any of you."  He looks around the table.  "No, not at 
all...."
	The dinner commenced after Kyo finished.  It went by without a hitch or 
interrupion, though Tenchi and Kyo could barely eat, with the forewarning on 
their minds.
	"What are they gonna do if Kyo refuses?" Tenchi asked to himself.  Dr. 
Clay was trouble enough; he could only imagine what Dr. Nova and the other 
followers could do.
	"You guys ready for dessert?"  Sasami asked, then immediately headed into 
the kitchen.
	"Sasami, you're a human cuisinart!"  Mihoshi... sorry, MIHOSHU said with 
enthusiasm.
	"Cuisinart?  Isn't that that one painting that was banned from that 
museum?"  Washi responded.  Typical face-faults among everybody.  Almost 
immediately, Sasami came out with a pie almost twice the size of Ryo-Ohki.  She 
placed the pie down on the middle of the table, then the whipped cream came 
next.  Ryoko was barely containing herself.
	"Ryoko, pass the whipped cream."  Kiyone said.
	"Nnn...Nhghh..."
	"Ryoko?"
	Ryoko grabbed the whipped cream and extended her hand so Kiyone could 
reach it, that is, if she WAS able to reach it.  Ryoko's eyes were glazed, and 
the arm shifted around a little. When Kiyone finally managed to reach over and 
grab the can of whipped cream, she had even more trouble taking it away from the 
now distant Ryoko's grasp.  Eventually, she was able to yank it out of her hand, 
but went a little overkill, and she recoiled, smacking Tenchi in the face.  
While the usual dinner time chat started, Ryoko started to shiver a bit; Dr. 
Nova's aphrodisiac is taking full force.  Her eyes started to glisten and twitch 
as Washi sprayed the whipped cream on her slice of pie.  Pressure and blood 
filled her head, and her heart racing.
	"Um... Sasami, could you pass the milk..."
	"I WANNA SLATHER WHIPPED CREAM ALL OVER YOUR BODY, TENCHI!!!!!!!"
	Tenchi's pupils slowly shrunk to nothingness.  Nobuyuki, asking for the 
milk in the first place, immediately forgot about it.  The awkward silence that 
seems to come often has now come again, as Ryoko's comment hushed all 
conversations at the table.  The only sound was the clacking of a glass of milk 
against the table; Kyo had his hand on the glass, and couldn't even think of 
something to say (NO ONE COULD), so his only response was the quivering hand.  
Everyone else's response:  Open mouths.
	::...DING-DONG!::
	Kyo broke the glass he was holding.
	"That must be the door!  I'LL GET IT!"  Kyo said, vainly keeping his voice 
from squeaking.  He dashed from the table to the door, thanking the person for 
coming at just the right time.  He then stopped; it's Dr. Nova, and he knew it.  
The moment of truth-- stay or go?  He bated his breath and opened the door.
	"Excuse me sir, but have you ever thought of joining the kingdom of..."
	He gave a laugh, and slammed the door.  "It was just the Jehova's witness, 
guys!"
	::DING-DONG!::
	"Man, they're stubborn!"  He opened the door again... It was Dr. Nova, 
this time.
	"Have you decided?"
	Kyo looked down to the ground, gathering his thoughts together.  He was 
joined by Tenchi and Grandpa, who gave him a bit of reconsiliation.
	"...I'll go..."
	The figure smiled, and outstreched his hand to take Kyo.  ::SHING!::  Kyo 
was absorbing some energy while in the moment of thought, and materialized a 
beam-shuriken in his left hand, completely destroying the cement block.
	"But not without a fight, of course!"
	"You fool!"
	"I don't want any part of this ludicrous goose hunt, anymore!"
	"Very well... if that is your wish..."  Dr. Nova's cape hung over his 
entire body, just like Dr. Clay.  It was the same color, too, though he was a 
bit taller than Clay himself; that, and he didn't have that wierd hat.  The cape 
shot back in a blast of wind, and the logs started to glow.  Kyo remembered why 
his left hand was in the cement block.
	"Oh God..."  And Kyo's hand started to make vicious swings at him.  Dr.  
Nova laughed at Lady Tokimi's former follower, now being attacked by his own 
self.
	"You seem to forget... there's a reason why Lady Tokimi has chosen myself 
as her formost follower...  I AM DR. NOVA, MANIPULATOR OF BODIES, AND THE...  
GOODEST...  FOLLOWER...  MAN!"
	Tenchi became frightened by Nova's dominance over the situation.  He was 
much more powerful than Dr. Clay, and from what it looks like, the worst is yet 
to come... 
	Actually, it's already here.  Tenchi could manage to pick up Ryoko and 
Aeka talking.
	"You get the whipped cream, I'll get the whips."
	"I'll ready the chains, too!"
	"THAT'S IT!"  Tenchi shouted, and butterfly-kicked Dr. Clay.  He stumbled 
back a few steps, giving him just enough time for Grandpa to throw him the 
sword, materialize it, and slash the cape off of him.  The cape fell into the 
lake, with it the logs.  They electrocuted in the water, releasing the potions 
that dissolved into the water, now useless.  Kyo gained control of his left hand 
again, Mihoshi and Washu reverted back to their normal selves, and Ryoko and 
Aeka fell out of their sudden arousal.  The four were confused as hell, while 
Kyo advanced to Dr. Nova, with weapon unsheathed.  Dr.  Nova got up, and brushed 
himself off.
	"Ha.  That little toy sword of yours got you out of jam... but just how 
much can you REALLY trust it?"  He disappeared in a breath of wind.  Kyo and 
Tenchi sighed with exhaustion, not even knowing that just behind Dr. Nova, the 
stars started to glow brighter... closer.  They both went inside with the 
others, just in time to catch Ryoko and Aeka, fallen to the floor, and in tears.  
Aeka embraced Tenchi, while Kyo managed to catch Ryoko.
	"I'm sorry, Tenchi, for acting that way."  She said, barely holding back 
her tears.  "I didn't want to be so carnal, Tenchi-san."
	Kyo looked at Ryoko.
	"Are you all right?"
	She also had trouble with ceasing the crying.  "I DIDN'T EVEN GET TO 
SECOND BASE!"
	Kyo gave a look of confusion.  "There, there... let it all out..."  He 
looked up again to see Washu at the doorway, looking up to the sky with some 
sort of radar-like device in her hands.  Tenchi noticed that too, and they both 
walked over to her to see what she was doing.
	"The radar's goin' nuts... somethings' closing in on us, FAST!"
	"How many are there?"
	"Hundreds... no, thousands!"
	"Are they ships?"
	"500 meters... 400 meters..."
	"I think it's the invasion..."
	"250 meters.... 100 meters... 25 METERS..."
	"T-that's impossible!  it has to be right next to..."
	::WHAM!:: "G'AH!"  Kyo got knocked senseless by some sort of rock, and 
fell to the ground.  Washu picked it up and looked at it.  Her face turned 
intense.
	"...It's a small ship."
	Kyo picked himself up and looked at the miniature ship.  His eyes grew 
wide, and the anger started to boil up in his veins.  He threw his hands in the 
air and yelled.  "Droids?  YOU SENT THE DROIDS FOR THE INVASION!?  YOU IDIOTS!"
	"What droids?  What're you talking about?"
	He put his hands down and spoke again in a normal tone.  "These droids are 
small ships, used only for our leisurely services..."  He said, while 
restraining his tempation to laugh out loud.  "...::chortle::You can't make a 
full scale invasion with a thousand freakin' DROIDS! HA!"  He turned around to 
face Tenchi, and put the droid right in his face.
	[target acquired.  ATTACK] The droid eminated that sentence from it's 
synthetic vocal cords, then immediately started to shoot Tenchi with a purple 
ray.  He covered his face with his hands and bent downwards.
	"G'haaa!  What are you doing!?"
	"Relax!"
	Tenchi rose back up.  The purple ray hit between his forehead with no 
signs of damage.  He put his hand in between the ray; it didn't hurt.
	"Huh?"
	"That's their strongest attack!"
	Washu was dumbfounded by the droids' mediocrity.  "A puny black-light?"
	Kyo tossed the droid to the ground.  "They'll be releasing wave after wave 
of those droids, but as long as they all attack the same, we should have nothing 
to worry about."
	Another one came zinging by and smacked right into the back of Kyo's head 
as they all went inside.

Track 9

	Aeka and Sasami retired into the living room for the rest of the evening.  
Aeka was drinking some tea, while reflecting on the day.  Sasami was reading 
some more dating manga that she found while in Nobuyuki's room.  The invasion 
had begun already, with wave after wave of droids shooting a barrage of purple 
light down onto the house, with no effect at all.  Rather, it just made waves of 
flourescent energy that flew by, almost like they were driving under street 
lights.
	"It sure is quiet, right now.  Do you think the droids will do any harm, 
Sasami?"  Aeka asked, while observing the waves.
	"Tenchi said there's nothing to worry about.  I don't know; I kinda like 
it."
	"Yes, it seems so... romantic."
	"Yeah."
	Meanwhile, in Washu's lab, she was busy working under extremes to make 
retaliation equipment, in case things get a little drastic. The solaced 
plantation of trees gave little shading, nor little protection for her not to be 
seen.  But Washu didn't care; inspiration can hit at the most bizarre times.
	Mihoshi and Kiyone were sitting down on a couple of chairs, notebooks in 
hand, and cameras resting on their hips.  Washu was up on a rather high 
platform, feverishly typing on her computer.  All was dark, except for the 
spotlights that beamed down upon them all.
	Washu cleard her throat.  "Ladies and... ladies!  May I have your 
attention please?"
	Kiyone elbowed Mihoshi, who immediately fell asleep on her shoulder. 
	"Is it breakfast yet?"
	"Little Washu productions presents... THE NEWEST LINE IN FASHION AND 
ARTILLERY!"  Multi-colored lights soared around the room as the run-way of a 
fashion show can be seen.  Tecnho music blared around as different fashion 
models, adorned with knives, howitzers, and machine guns strut around the 
runway.  The two galaxy police officers eagerly took notes and pictures.
	"Our first showcase..."
	No one came out.
	"Uh... heh heh... OUR FIRST SHOWCASE!!!!"  No one came out.  Washu jumped 
down from her platform and made her way behind the curtains.
	"Get out here!"
	"I look like an idiot!"
	"Oh, no you don't, it's fashion!  Now get out here and strut your stuff!"
	Washu immediately came out to greet the audience, microphone in hand.
	"Our next showcase is Tenchi Masaki!"
	Tenchi slowly groped out from the curtains.
	"He's walking along a forested area without a care in the world.  Notice 
his sky-blue shirt, with collar and elongated sleeves as they accent his svelte 
body, and his jeans JUST fit enough not to get caught in any underbrush."
	Tenchi rolled his eyes.  He KNEW what she was gonna say next.
	"Uh-oh."  She said with a poorly-rehearsed look of fright.  "Someone just 
read a book about raising the dead, and demons are floating everywhere in the 
woods on a constant search for a body to possess!"  She put her arm on her 
forehead and closed her eyes, as if she were about to faint like a thespian 
woman in a play.  "Oh, what's a boy to do!?"  She gave an evil smile, and Tenchi 
raised his right arm well above his head, revealing a chainsaw strapped to his 
hand.  "That's right!  He'll fend off deomons using a handy-dandy BUCKSAW 
strapped to his arm!  Take THAT, deadites!"
	The two officers jumped up and applauded.  "You're a genius, Washu!"
	"...Do you guys always have to say that?"
	Mihoshi looked harder at Tenchi, and a dim bulb brightened.  "Wow!"
	"What?"  Kiyone said.
	"He looks JUST LIKE Bruce Campell!"
	"Yeah!"
	Tenchi put his arm back down.  "Oh, I do not!"
	Ryoko slowly levitated across the hallway, and she could see a small light 
coming out of Tenchi's room.  The flame within her started to rise, again.  She 
slowly opened the door to the room, peeking her head in, cutely.  "Tenchi...  
Oh!"  Tenchi wasn't in the room.  Actually, she saw Kyo standing at the window, 
with his arms folded next to his back, looking out the window.  He didn't 
acknowledge Ryoko's comment, just stared on.
	"Kyo, you alright?"
	"..."
	She walked up to Kyo's side and watched the light show with him.
	"It's nice to get some peace and quiet once in a while.  God, it's so 
calm."
	She glanced at Kyo.  He had a warmth in his eyes not seen in a while; not 
seen by her, or anybody else.  As the lights shot by, she could see his 
slightly-permed light-brown hair glisten.  Gone was the tall, menacing boy that 
she fought with,  replaced by an innocent soul, yearning for peace of mind.  The 
lights flew by their thin bodies, fading away.
	"I wish things like this could happen more often."
	"Like that?"  She pointed out to a blue light in the distance.
	"...No, that's different."  And the light shot into the window, enveloping 
the two teenagers.
	"Oh, SH...."  And Kyo's voice dissappeared, along with him and Ryoko.
	There was a banging of furniture in the living room,  Washu can barely 
keep her concentration.
	"Our next... uh... our.... DAMMIT!"  She jumped down from the platform and 
walked to the door, grabbing the handle.  The door immediately flew open, 
slamming into her face.  Aeka and Sasami bolted into the room and shut the door, 
revealing a dizzy-eyed Washu behind the door.
	"Th-the droids have gotten to Kyo and Ryoko!"
	"WHAT!?"  They all said in unison.
	"W-when I went up to see if Ryoko was seducing Lord Tenchi..."
	"Will you stop calling me that?"
	"I saw both of them disappearing into this blue light!  Th-th-then..."
	"Yes."
	"IT CAME AFTER ME!  I RAN DOWN AS FAST AS I COULD, GRABBED SASAMI AND RAN 
INTO HERE!  IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME BEFORE... 
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
	And the blue light flew into the window.  Sasami, Aeka and Washu 
disappeared into the light.
	"Kiyone, I'm scared!"
	Kiyone kicked Mihoshi away and started blasting the blue light.  It had no 
effect, and it started to come near her.
	"Oh, why won't you die!  Have you any idea what ammo costs, these 
days?....  OH NO!"
	And the GP officers disappeared, and Tenchi followed with them.
	"Miya?  MIIIYYYYAAAA!"
	As well as Ryo-Ohki.

Track 10

	Sasami slowly opened her eyes, and a fierce, bright light entered.  She 
covered her eyes and stood up, squinting her eyes.  When she got used to it, she 
opened her eyes to see everyone lying on a bright, metallic floor.  She looked 
around; the entire floor was of metal, with a giant, blue, circluar pattern.  
The room was gigantic and, again, circular, and windows were replacing the 
walls.... The windows were looking out into... outer space...  the windows were 
"barred" by golden, curving slabs, shaped like crop circles.
	"She finally got to us..."  Came a voice from behind her.
	"Huh?"  She looked around to see Kyo leaning against a willow tree, with 
his legs and arms crossed.  It was obvious he was in a moment of thought, 
before.  A willow tree was in the center of the entire room; vines shot up from 
the ground at about a 10 feet radius from the tree itself, and rose up to the 
ceiling, vanishing into it.  
	"Lady Tokimi finally got to us...  I'm surprised she went all out and used 
her big guns..."
	"Huh?"
	"She had a back-up wave of droids, who had an advantage over the other 
droids by teleporting things, and well... here we are."
	"W-where are we?"
	"We're in outer space, in Lady Tokimi's shrine.  This is the prisoners' 
quarters."
	"Where's Washu-chan?"
	"When I regained consciousness, I saw Washu being led out of the room by a 
couple of guards."  His eyes looked intense.  "Lady Tokimi informed me that she 
wanted to talk to her, but the reason she never gave me.  I bet they're talking 
right now.  That's probably why the guards took her away..."  He looked past her 
to see everyone coming to.
	"How long were we knocked out?"
	" 'Bout a half an hour."
	Tenchi rubbed his head.  "Uuhhhhh.... Where are we?"
	Kyo streched his arms.  "Sasami, would you mind telling them?"
	Sasami let everyone in on where they are, and Kyo added in other bits of 
information.
	"This is where the prisoners are held before interrogation.  It's been 
used several times, and can pretty much block in ANYTHING.  It's no use to try 
to phase out; it can stop you.  Also..."  Kyo points to the golden circles.  
"Those circles barring the windows are what keeps us in... I don't really know 
what they DO, exactly... but I've heard some pretty gruesome stuff."
	"Oh, come on, it can't be that bad!"  Ryoko said, with her energy fully 
regained.  She flew over to the circles and placed her hand through them.  
Strangely enough, the hand disappeared, as if it went through a dimensional 
gate.
	"See?  It's just a bunch of bull they made up!"  And she stuck her head 
though the circle.  About a moment later, she stuck her head and hand back in.  
Ryoko's head was covered in slime, and her neck surrounded by a dismembered 
tentacle.	
	"Okay, I've thought this through."  She calmly spoke.  "There's no way to 
get out.  If we DO go into the circles, then we become fish food."  She took the 
tentacle off of her neck, and wiped the slime off of her head and hands.
	"What do we do now?"  Mihoshi asked.
	"We're just gonna have to ride it out, at least until Washu gets back... 
hopefully."
	The minutes and hours achingly passed, and everyone rested under the shade 
of the tree.  Each second passing by felt like a slow burn.  Their hunger rose, 
and their energy started to fade away.  The lights from up above felt like they 
were burning their skin.
	"Oh... I'm so hungry... Kiyone, can you go to the kitchen and get us some 
food?"
	"For the last time, Mihoshi, WE'RE NOT HOME!"
	"C'mon, guys, don't fight!"
	"I need food, I'm starving!"
	"Miyaaaa!"
	Ryoko tried to materialize a beam-sabre, but it fizzled out shortly after.
	"Why would someone do something so ghastly as lock us in here with no 
food?"
	Kyo could barely manage to make a beam-knife.  He immediately phased it 
out, to conserve energy.  Hunger was setting in, fast, and he needed to do 
something quickly.  Ryoko and the others lied down on the ground, holding their 
stomachs and staring at the door, waiting for Washu to come back.
	"Oooohhhhh...."  Sasami moaned.  She tossed and turned to different sides, 
cringing in inexplicable pain.  "Mommy.. I want my mommy..."  She shed a bitter 
tear, dropping to the floor.  Kyo's left eye twitched; part of the vision he had 
from the music video seemed to bleed into reality...  He spun around to face the 
tree.  Tenchi crawled to her side to try to comfort her, only to see Kyo sliding 
his hands against the tree.  "Kyo... what are you... doing?"
	"..."
	"Kyo?"
	"Hiiyyaa!"  Kyo stabbed a beam-knife into the tree, making a hole.  The 
others stared on in confusion, as Kyo stared at the hole, seemingly absorbing 
it. Almost immediately, he placed his mouth over the hole, and started to suckle 
fom it.  The others gasped in horror and shock.
	"What on earth are you doing, KYO?!"   Ryoko yelled, alarmingly.  He 
stopped suckling for a moment, and slowly leaned back, staring up at the 
ceiling.  A faint, translucent-white substance trickled from his mouth.
	"It's food..."  He quietly stated.  "The tree is a source of a life-giving 
combination between sap and nectar, which is fermented inside, taken through the 
vines and up to the servants' quarters."
	"You think it'll help?"
	He leaned his back against the tree again, and slowly slid down it, 
finally sitting upon the floor.  "It has an unusually high alcoholic content, 
combined with different sugars that will keep you going strong for quite a 
while...
	"Oh!"
	"Trouble is... I don't know what effect it will have on you guys.... for 
sll I know, it could..."  He was immediately silenced by a detached vine, 
hitting his head.  Ryoko slashed through one of the vines, gushing sap-nectar.  
She lustily started to drink every drop of life-giving "Saptar".
	"Ryoko, what in God's name are you doing?  You're damaging the..."  Aeka 
was then silenced by Ryoko, who came over to her and shoved the cut vine right 
in her face.
	"C'mon, princess!  Have a drink!"  She said, a little tipsy (you could 
tell by her voice and the blush under her eyes.).
	"Absolutely not!"
	"Why?  It can't kill you..." And she opened her mouth and JAMMED the vine 
right into it.  Aeka gave a look of shock; it slowly faded away as her eyes 
became glazed, and her face red.  Behind them, Kyo slashed another vine.  He 
walked over and picked Sasami up, and took her to the vine.  Tenchi assisted by 
taking the vine and holding it above her.
	"Sasami, drink this..."
	Kyo opened her mouth and Tenchi poured the saptar.  She hesitantly gulped 
it down, gradually getting used to it.  A drunken smile grew on her face, and 
she started to dance around, singing some Juraian song that could barely be 
recognized under her slurred speech.  Ryoko and Aeka joined in, while Tenchi and 
Kyo face-faulted.  Kyo brushed some hair away from his face, and leaned back.
	"Well, it's good to know that they'll be alright."  He said with a laugh.  
"Let's give this to Kiyone, Mihoshi and Ryo-Ohki... And you should have some 
too, Tench."
	Before you know it, it was happy hour.  Mihoshi danced haphazardly, 
occasionally slamming into Kiyone.  They both laughed it off, and immediately 
started to waltz together.  Aeka, Ryoko and Sasami still sang that Juraian song, 
still incredibly intoxicated.  Tenchi, fighting off the drunken stupor, tried to 
talk about his frusterations with school... to Ryo-Ohki.  Kyo laid on the 
ground, with his back against the tree.  He had his arms folded, and was in a 
deep zen-like moment of thought, with his eyes closed.  Even through the 
tripping and the singing, he managed to get some time to himself.  After a 
while, he felt a pressure on his body.  He opened his eyes to see Ryoko staring 
at him, almost falling out of her kimono.
	"Hi, k-k-kyo-nii-chan!"  His eyes widened in shock, then gave a nervous 
laugh.
	"Uh... hi... Ryoko...chan...ha ha!"  He said while scratching the back of 
his head.
	"You know ::hic::  I've never told you before... but I'm a little fond of 
you, too... ::hic::"
	"Uh...  thanks?"  He said, his voice gradually tightening and changing 
pitches rapidly.
	"You know, if there weren't ssssooo many people arrrround... ::hic:: we 
could..."  And she whispered in his ear.  Most of it was slurred, but he got the 
gist of it.  His left eye twitched as she giggled like a school girl.

Track 11

	Like triptophan after Thanksgiving dinner, the saptar took it's effect, 
and everyone... well, pretty much everyone fell asleep.  Kyo didn't really drink 
a lot of the saptar (he was just testing it), so he was the only one awake.  
Still lying against the tree, he watched the stars pass by outside of the 
window.  It was such a placid state; he too wanted to sleep.  But, just as he 
was nodding off, he could hear a door open.  He immediately rose his head back 
up, and looked at the giant temple doors.  One of them was open, with a small 
figure just at the threshold.
	"Kyo?"
	He squinted his eyes.  "Washu?"
	"Could you come with me?"
	Washu and Kyo walked along a brightly-lit corridor, with doors frequenly 
passing them on each side.
	"Where were you, little Washu?
	"I was talking with Lady Tokimi."
	"Oh..."
	"We talked for quite a while, and I told her about how much you wanted to 
stay."
	"H-how did you know?"
	"You gave off different signs, now and then.  You know:  subtext.  That 
one "music video" we saw yesterday was a dead giveaway."
	"...Wow."
	"She wants to talk to you now."
	"About what?"
	"That's the thing, I haven't the faintest.  I don't even know if she'll 
let us go or not...  Well, we're here!"
	They both reached another giant set of doors, both of them plated gold.  
She opened one of them.
	"I'm going back to the others; I heard the drinks you guys got are GREAT!"
	"You'll like it, I'm sure!"
	"But... just promise me one thing..."
	"What's that?"
	She motioned him with her finger, as if to tell a secret.
	"Don't make a horses-ass out of yourself, 'kay?  I think I gave her the 
wrong impression the first time around..."  And with that, she ran down from 
where they came, and disappeared.  
	He slowly walked inside to the altar, with his mind in a flutter.  "First 
time?"  He thought to himself...  It was different from the last one, from when 
he first saw her.  The entire place was pitch-black, but seemed to have some 
sort of stair-case; a blue light illuminated a path of steps climbing up into 
the pitch-black sky.  Only the steps, and himself were illumiated blue.  He 
gulped, and slowly started to climb the steps.  When at last he got up to the 
final step, all there was was a circular platform, about 35 feet in diameter, 
and illuminated blue.
	"I think I understand your situation, young one..."  A voice eminated from 
all directions, and Kyo fell down, scared.
	"L...Lady Tokimi!"  She appeared right overhead.  Her entity was ominous 
and frightening.
	"Is this too much for you to take in?  I understand..."
	Her entity disappeared... rather, her entity dissolved into tiny specks of 
diamond-dust, which collected and swirled down to the platform, a little away 
from Kyo.  It gathered again, and Lady Tokimi re-materialized, except that she 
was now the same size as Kyo, and with an entire body to match.  Her flowing 
robes billowed around her, and her deity-like appearence made any fear 
disappear.  Kyo stood upright again.
	"Would you care for a drink?"  She motioned her right hand, and a table 
melded up from the platform.  Two wine glasses with a gold-colored liquid 
appeared on the table, and levitated towards both of them.  Kyo took the glass 
and sipped some of the wine down; the fresh, honey-tasting liquid warmed the 
inside of his body.
	"It's a good year, I'll bet."
	"The best we have."
	"Mmm."
	"...I realize what you're going through."  Kyo gave a concerned look as he 
took another sip.  "When you arrived on the planet "Earth", I didn't account for 
what emotions you would be put through...  To be honest, I had no idea what the 
vessel of knowledge, when opened, would do to a person like yourself.  I'm sorry 
I didn't do anything about it."
	"...You didn't need to."
	"I realize that now, and I realize that taking you and your friends 
hostage was a brash and horrible thing to do... please forgive me."
	Kyo was shocked.
	"But now, I DO know what the vessel can do..."
	"Huh?"
	"When the vessel went through you, it gave you thoughts, feelings and 
emotions that you would NEVER think ever existed.  Not only that, but you seemed 
to take in the thoughts of others around you.  It was too much to take in then, 
and I see that now."
	"But... I..."
	"Want those emotions?  Yes!  They're new and frightening, but over time, 
you got used to them; embraced them, if you will.  I don't desire to know 
anymore about the vessel.... and you..."
	He gulped.
	"I will release the others, and you can stay on Earth with them."
	A tear of joy ran down his face, and he bowed down.
	"THANK YOU, MISS TOKIMI!"
	"But...  knowing what the vessel does, I know NOW that it's not 
finished..."
	"I beg your pardon?"
	"The vessel not only teaches the person or persons around it, but it 
ENLIGHTENS them with something much more... poignant. However, something 
interferred with it, and the entity of the vessel flew away before it ever had a 
chance to FULLY enlighten you."
	"I don't understand what you're trying to say..."
	"Kyo, if there is any hope in maintaining peace of mind, you MUST find the 
entity, so it can finish what it started."
	"...But how?  How will I do that?"
	"Kyo, soon you will go on a lone journey of self-discovery.  Your map will 
be the universe, and your ally will be your faith and courage... and... maybe 
somebody else, I'm a little hazy on that part, but you WILL do it."
	"How will I know when to go?"  Lady Tokimi gradually started to dissolve 
back into a diamond-dust, then disappear.  Her voice can then be heard as an 
echo.
	"There will be a sign, telling you to go; if you trust your mind, and let 
your emotions go, you can't miss it!"
	Then silence.  Kyo finished off the wine, then slowly descended the 
stairs, more confused then ever.
	"There will be a sign... let my emotions... go!"  Kyo accepted his 
foreshadowing, and all confusion disappeared. He walked out of the room, and 
made his way down the cooridor and back into the prisoners' quarters.  He walked 
back inside, only to see the room completely empty.  The severed vines were 
strewn about as he picked his way across the floor.
	"Tench?  Ryoko?  Aeka?"  He called out.  There was no answer, until..
	"MiyyyaaaaaAAAAAAA!!!!!"  Ryo-Ohki (in ship form) flew up close to the 
window.  The purple dome opened up to see Tenchi waving.
	"TENCHI!"
	"Hey!  Ryoko found a weak spot in the bars, and we got out!"
	"WOOOOO!!"  Ryoko drunkenly yelled, with half of her body hanging out of 
the ship.  Tenchi dragged her back in as Kyo phased on board.
	"Hey, guys."  He said, nonchalant.
	Everyone still in their intoxicated stupor, they all let out some 
incexplicable groans that sounds like "Hi" but could have probably been  
"Uuuuunnnhhh."  Kyo took a spot of the floor (next to a window), and layed down, 
with his back leaning against the window.
	"Hey, Kyo, what did Lady Tokimi talk to you about?"
	"Oh, she was talking about something, but I sorta phased out halfway 
through the conversation... "pick up q-tips", I think it was."  He had to keep 
what she REALLY said under wraps; he didn't want to tell anybody right now... 
maybe Grandpa Katsuhito when they get home...  yeah... he'll talk to him about 
it...but telling everyone else might be a little nerve-wracking to them.  It 
didn't matter, because he had another matters...
	"Hey, K-k-k-::HIC::"
	"Kyo."
	"Hey, Kyo!"
	Washu drank more than her fair share of saptar, and she hung on Kyo's 
shoulder, staring at him with her green, plastered eyes.  She repositioned 
herself by wrapping her arms around Kyo's neck and locking her knees on top of 
his legs, preventing him from running.  "I was just tthhhinking  :hic:..."
	"You're talking pretty loud, Washu."
	"When we get home, we can go to my lab, and you could be in my :giggle, 
hic: next experiment..."
	"Uh! I-I-I..."
	"C'mon!  It's not like it's gonna kill..."  Before she could finish her 
sentence, she immediately fell asleep, right on top of Kyo.  He just combed her 
hair with his right hand.
	"G'night, little Washu."  
	He crawled out of her tight embrace and walked over to the on-screen 
panel, looking up at it.  Tenchi was making attempts to talk to Ryo-Ohki.
	"Ryo-Ohki?  Set course for Earth, cooridinates.... uh.... 1480 and 
2264.12."
	"Tench."  Kyo was looking up at the panel while listening in.
	"Yeah?"
	"I don't think you picked the right cooridinates."
	"Why?"
	"We're going to Neptune."
	"Oh.... just head for our house!"
	"Nice recovery!"
	"... There's no response."
	Kyo looked up at the panel again, watching a transparent-red meter 
steadily rising.
	"Huh..."
	"What is it?"
	"According to the map, we're not that far away from Earth..."
	"Yeah?"
	"Then why is Ryo-Ohki going faster?"
	"Are there any ships trailing us?"
	"Mmm.... No, there's nothing on the radar."  A pang of fear shot through 
Kyo.  "Tench?"
	"Yeah?"
	"Did Ryo-Ohki drink any of the saptar?"
	"MIIIIIIIIIIIYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAA::HIC:AAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
	The cabbit's voice rang throughout the ship, and panic was instilled in 
the two boys.
	"OHMYGOD OHMYGOD OHMYGOD OHMYGOD OHMYGOD OHMYGOD OHMYGOD OHMYGOD 
OHMYGOD!!!!!!!!!!!!"
	"What do we do!?"
	Kyo ran over to Ryoko, and shook her, trying to wake her up.
	"RYOKO!  Wake up, we've got a problem!"
	She just snored.
	"RYOKOOOO!  BIIIIIG PROBLEM!"  He smacked her around a couple of times, to 
no avail,  and sighed.  Tenchi grabbed the pilot-seat gems.
	"I'm gonna try to steer it."
	"NO!  WAIT!"
	He made a hard left, and pulled back, trying to break somehow.  Instead, 
the ship rolled on it's axis, and started to vertically spin at a maddening 
pace.  When the spin finally supsided, Tenchi and Kyo peeled themselves off of 
the ship's ceiling, and fell to the floor.
	"Why's everyone spinning?"
	"I'm gonna throw up..."
	"YOU'RE STILL SLEEPING!?"
	"Ugh...."
	After they regained their center of balence, they looked around at the 
surroundings.  Kyo looked at the outside window; Earth was clearly in view, but 
they were closing in on it at an unbelievably quick pace.
	"RYO-OHKI!  SLOW DOWN!"
	The ship began to rumble, vibrate even.  They looked at each other.
	"What's it doing?"
	"Dunno.  Maybe it's the atmosphere entry?"
	Kyo then noticed something with the rumblings-- it started to stop and 
begin again periodically, in irregular intervals. He listened to them, taking 
note.  He gave a look of surprise.  "I GET IT!"
	"What's she doing?"
	"The rumblings are in intervals... she's talking in morse code!"
	"Do you know what she's saying?"
	"Hold on..."  Kyo started to listen at the repeating message.  After a 
moment or so, his look of fascination melted into that of confusion.
	"What's she saying?"  Tenchi asked again.
	"...I can quit whenever I want to."
	There was a moment of quiet solace, before Tenchi figured the message out.
	"...WE'RE GONNA DIE!"
	"Don't panic! We need to think of a way out of this mess."
	The ship's warning siren blared on, as the panel showed the Earth's 
distance, quickly decreasing.
	"Okay!  I got it!"  Kyo looked at the panel; they were in the atmosphere.  
He gave a nod of approval.
	"Right.  I'm gonna brace the girls for impact, and try to make Ryo-Ohki 
land in a place of water."  He then ran to Mihoshi and took out her 
Materialization Cube.  He flipped it several times to make a cowboy hat appear.  
"Tench, you take this cowboy hat, climb outside to the top part of Ryo-Ohki, 
and... well... you ever see Dr. Strangelove?"
	"Yeah?"
	Kyo looked at him.
	"Oh no... NO!  You can't make me do this!"
	"It's for our own good!"
	"I'M NOT GONNA RIDE RYO-OHKI LIKE A BULL!  NOT ONLY DOES IT MAKE NO SENSE, 
BUT IT WON'T HELP US OUT AT ALL!"
	"Yes it will!"
	"No it won't!"
	"YES IT WILL!"
	"NO IT WON'T!"
	The siren blared louder.
	"FINE!  I'LL DO IT!"  Kyo turned the ship so that Tenchi can climb out of 
the top window with ease.  He jumped off of the floor and grabbed the outside of 
the top window.  There, he positioned himself to the nearest spot and flipped 
over to it. Kyo flipped the ship back around, and tried to guide it to the 
nearest body of water; there was no need to, as they were conveniently nearing 
the lake just outside of the Masaki house.
	"YAAAAAAAAA-HOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
	"You're doin' great, Tench!"
	"MIYAAA?  
MIIYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
	"What the hell?"
	There was a bright flash of light, with Kyo and the others enveloped in 
it.  Tenchi stopped riding for a second to see the ship glowing white, and 
disappearing from under him!  He covered his eyes to shield himself from the 
intense light.  When it dissipated, he could see the girls, Kyo, and Ryo-Ohki 
(back in cabbit form) plummeting towards the backyard lake; he, too, was falling 
with them.
	"KYO!  What happened?!"
	"I DON'T KNOW!  I THINK SHE DID IT ON HER OWN!"
	"WE'RE GONNA DIE!"
	"Actually, if we keep falling this same way, we'll hit the lake without a 
scratch!"
	He was almost right;  everyone except Tenchi and Kyo fell into the lake 
and washed up on shore, without a scrape; they both landed on shallow water that 
moved away to the undertow.
Track 12

	Tenchi opened his eyes to see his Grandpa and Father looking at him.
	"Tenchi!"  His Grandpa said.  "You came to, finally."
	"Tenchi!"  Nobuyuki immediately hugged him, disregarding his bodily 
bruising.  "We're SO glad you're home!  Oh God, I thought I was gonna get a 
heart attack..."
	"Didn't you want his empty room, son?"
	"NOT NOW, DAD!"
	Tenchi immediately jumped off of the sofa, looking around at the 
surroundings.  He was back, inside of the house.
	"W-where's everyone?  KYO!  RYOKO!  AEKA!"
	"There's no need to shout, son.  They're all right."
	A voice came from the top of the stairs.  "But I don't think you go see 
them..."
	"Kyo!"
	Kyo slowly descended the stairs. There were a few black marks on his 
forehead and some bruises, but he didn't seem to mind.  Actually, he had a warm 
smile on.
	"You all right, Tench?"
	"Ugh... I got little headache, but that's pretty much it.... what about 
the girls?  Are they alright?"
	Kyo's smile faded away.  "Uh...  you... COULD say they have a headache, 
too...::cough::"  He motioned his head to upstairs.  "Why don't ya come with me, 
and I'll show you what I'm talking about."
	Tenchi and Kyo stood at the door of Aeka's room, aspirin in hand.  Tenchi 
reached his right hand out to open the door, but was stopped halfway by Kyo.
	"Wait...  I'll go in there first.  If we both go in at the same time, 
they'll get confused and disoriented."
	"That bad, huh?"
	Kyo shook his head.  "It's... not a pretty sight."
	"FOR THE LOVE OF EVERYTHING HOLY, KEEP IT DOWN!!!!!!"
	"SHUT UP!"
	"IT'S TOO FREAKIN' LOUD!"
	"Oh, my stomach..."
	Tenchi and Kyo quickly glanced at the door, freaked out by the screams 
coming from it.
	"Oh, I get ya."
	Kyo nodded.  He opened the door and splayed himself against the wall.
	"Here we go..."  He gave a deep breath, gulped, and inched slowly towards 
the room, stopping every time he heard a cough.
	"What's taking you so long?"
	"I'm going, I'm going!  I'm..."  He was interrupted by a barrage of 
coughs, hacks and moans.
	"Dear God, it's like something out of a horror film."  Kyo was still 
gathering enough courage.  "OKAY!  NOW OR NEVER!"  He made the "Cross" gesture, 
flipped around and darted inside, closing the door.  Seconds later, he shot out 
of the room, gasping for air.  He dropped to his knees, clutching his thoat.
	"Y...Your turn...::COUGH::"
	Tenchi skulked his way into the darkened room.  Mist from the humidifiers 
made for a very frightening setting as he tip-toed across the bodies lying on 
the floor, curled up in blankets.  Kyo looked on, rubbing an ankh between his 
fingers.  There was little light in the room, only that of the opened door; it 
was the evening-time, anyway.  He picked his way among the six bodies until he 
reached the body at the end, kneeling down.
	"Ryoko?"
	The body moaned and shifted around.
	"Tenchi... is that you?"
	"Yeah."
	"Oohhh.  I feel so faint... hold me, please..."
	"You stay away from him, you devil..."  Aeka would finish her sentance if 
she weren't so hung-over.
	"C'mon guys, don't fight..."
	"WILL YOU ALL SHUT UP!?"
	"TOO LOOOUUD!"
	"Oh, I'm gonna lose it..."
	"Tench!  Get outta there, man!"  Kyo heard the outburst, and his heart 
quickened.
	"Hold on!"  He looked back at Ryoko.
	"Tenchi... could you do something for me?"
	"Yeah..."
	Ryoko slowly rose up and whispered softly into Tenchi's ear.  His nose was 
nearly about to explode with blood.
	"Could you get me some more aspirin?"
	The pressure quickly subsided.
	"Sure."
	She dropped her head back on the pillow and fell asleep again.
	"Woman..."  Aeka managed to finish her sentance before going back to 
sleep.  Tenchi walked back out of the room and closed the door.  Kyo had his 
hands closed on his face in prayer.
	"How much did we all drink, anyway?"
	"Well, I only drank some to test it... you didn't drink a lot either, 
Tench...."
	"What about the girls?  How much did they--"
	"About an army's worth..."
	"They drank an army's worth of alcohol?!"
	"And they didn't even throw up ONCE!  Not even Sasami!  I mean, MAN!  They 
can really hold their liquor!"
	Tenchi and Kyo walked back down the stairs.  Tenchi looked into the 
kitchen.
	"It's pretty lonely without the girls around..."
	"Yeah..."
	"Dunno what I'd do if they were gone..."
	"It's so quiet."
	"Yeah..."
	"Yeah."
	"Yeah."
	"Yeah."
	"So... who's gonna make dinner?"
	Tenchi face-faulted.

Ladies and gentlemen, this is the end of "The omipresence", and the beginning of 
a whole new adventure, with Tenchi and co.  I'm gonna take little hiatus, mostly 
to get the feeling in my legs back, then start up on another fanfic.
