I really don't have much to say other than enjoy. Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC 
and Pioneer.


On the Horizon
Chapter 2: Plans and Problems


	It was cold, so cold. And dark, it seemed as though everything was painted 
in darkness, it seeped into her nearly as much as the pervasive cold. 'Where am 
I?' she wondered blankly. 'Mother, why can't I feel you?' nothing answered her 
thoughts, silence, only silence and darkness, and the chill that was creeping 
into her soul. 
	"Hokushin!" she cried aloud, and then was left with only her tears for 
company. 

...

	"Washu, Washu, are you there?" The door to the scientist's lab remained 
blank and unresponsive. Kyokki rapped upon it a few more times till she finally 
let her arm hang back to her side. "Well, I guess she's at father's house 
today." She sighed and prepared herself to transport.
	"Be careful, dear," Yosho cautioned before she left, "Remember what 
happened last time." 
	Kyokki shuddered at the remembrance. She had popped in one day to say 
'hi', and her father and Washu were in bed, and...well, they weren't sleeping. 
	"I'll be back soon." She gave Yosho a quick kiss and shimmered out.
 

(Tentousama's house)
	Kyokki felt as though she were being put through a wringer, backwards, 
with needles. She gasped as she came back in Tentousama's house. That had never 
happened before, it had felt as if someone were trying to push her back to 
earth, through afore mentioned wringer. She faced the wall, though, as intended. 
"Father?" She asked hesitantly.
	"Daughter, why ever are you facing the wall?" Came her father's genuinely 
curious voice.
	She turned around and found, much to her relief, that he and Washu were 
sitting at a glowing table, calmly drinking tea, or something like tea, it had a 
slightly different aroma. "No reason, father. Hello Washu." 
	"Hello Kyokki, what brings you up?" The red haired scientist asked.
	Kyokki sighed, and steeled herself. "Tengai...has been kidnapped." She 
said calmly, though her voice was a bit strained.
	"WHAT!" They exclaimed in unison. The crystal table shattered into 
nothingness, and the flames that made up the walls jumped in a reflection of 
Tentousama's furious emotion. They both stood.
	"Why wasn't I contacted?" Washu demanded, her green eyes as wild as her 
spiky red hair. "Ryoko should have told me immediately."
	"The communication systems are all shut down, the mental links are 
blocked." Kyokki felt the skin of her arm tentatively, "And I almost couldn't 
get here." 
	Tentousama stood there staring at the shifting walls, his hair and soft 
white robes blowing furiously in a non-existent gale. "Then we must go to 
Jurai." He looked at 
Kyokki, "I assume Kokuten brought the message." She nodded. "Then I will 
transfer us to Earth, and we will go from there." 
	He took the hands of the two women. A blur of color, he didn't appear to 
have the same problem his daughter had experienced, and they were standing on 
the wide deck before the house. "Come," Kyokki said, not relinquishing their 
hands, "Yosho is inside with him." She all but dragged them into the house as 
they exchanged slightly amused looks behind her back. 
	Yosho looked up from where he was tending the exhausted wolf. "He was so 
tired, he reverted." He stroked the wolf's head softly. "I don't think that he 
is up to another journey just yet." 
	Washu spoke up, "Well, we'll let him rest a bit while I get a few things 
out of my lab." She hurried over to the portal and disappeared inside.
	"What is she getting?" Kyokki asked curiously.
	Tentousama just smiled slightly and shrugged. "Who knows? She has more 
things in that lab of hers than I can even begin to imagine." He chuckled, "I do 
not know how she finds anything in that cave."
	"Will you give Kokuten the energy to make the trip?" Kyokki changed the 
subject as she idly raked her fingers through her long coppery hair.
	"I do not know if that would be such a good idea, what with the shape that 
he is in now." He walked over and knelt beside Yosho to stroke the wolf. "I 
would like to return him to Ryo-Ohki in one piece." 
	"But then..." She started to ask. 
	He turned his sky-blue eyes upon her. "How do you think I met Washu?" He 
asked cryptically.
	"Well...she told me you met her at the Science Academy...oh." She rolled 
her eyes, disgusted with herself. "You have a spaceship." She said flatly.
	He grinned, turning to Yosho, who had a similar smile pasted across his 
face. 
	"You see how quickly she catches on." He commented.
	"She is very intelligent." Yosho said solemnly. 
	Kyokki stared at them, bristling, and clenched her fists at the smug looks 
on their faces. She was about to let loose a volley of blows when Washu emerged 
from her lab bearing a suspiciously bulging sack slung over one shoulder. "I'm 
ready, I have all the things that we will need." Her look was triumphant.
	"Umm...Washu..." Kyokki said a bit hesitantly.
	"Yes, dear?" 
	Kyokki smiled slightly. "Those things would not be depending on the 
infrastructure of sine waves in order to track the location of Tengai, would 
they?"
	"Um...yes. But how did you..."
	"They will not work." Kyokki told her gently, taking her hand. "Kokuten 
told me that it had already been tried."
	Washu stared at her for a few moments, disbelieving. "Well," she said, 
tossing the bag off of her shoulder and into a hole in subspace. "There's one 
more thing we could try." She folded her arms and turned away in a stance of 
deep concentration. "It's dangerous, and unpredictable, and I wouldn't use it 
unless as a last resort." She paused.
	"What is it Washu? What do we have to do?" Yosho demanded. "We must get 
Tengai back, whatever the risk." Kyokki smiled and took her husband's arm.
	"We must locate...." She spun and pointed off into the deep recesses of 
space.
	"What, darling?" Tentousama asked.
	She paused for dramatic effect. Everyone held his or her breath. 
	"MIHOSHI!!!" She exclaimed. 
	There were no sounds except for those of three people hitting the floor in 
a group face-fault.
...

	Kyokki and Washu stood side by side, staring out the windows on the bridge 
of Tentousama's elegant ship, the Asagao. The god had apparently, at some point, 
been impressed with the architecture of Classical Greece, and the bridge 
reflected that fondness. Impossibly tall, impossibly majestic and delicate 
columns soared up to disappear into the mists hovering around the dome of the 
ship. Beautiful marble statuary graced the porticoes and niches. Yosho was quite 
taken with it and was considering the adding of marble somewhere around the 
shrine. He was particularly impressed with a graceful figure of a woman, whom he 
thought resembled his wife remarkably. 
	"Kyokki?" He called from across the shining floor tiles.  
	"Yes, Yosho?" She asked, turning from her contemplation of the stars. 
	"Do you know who this is?"
	"Um..." Kyokki blushed inexplicably. "It is a statue of Aphrodite."
	Yosho looked back to the statue. "She looks a lot like you." He commented.
	Kyokki scowled at her husband's back. "She had better." The woman 
muttered.
	"What's this?" Washu asked curiously.
	Kyokki examined the woman, noting that instead of her science academy 
uniform she now wore robes not unlike Tentousama's but instead a shimmering 
green. She turned back to the stars, "Well, she had better because, well... it 
is I. Father had it commissioned during the peak of the Greek civilization. It 
was all a misunderstanding. Father kind of got carried away, when...well...when 
he asked for it to be done."
	"Carried away?" Washu quirked an inquisitive eyebrow. 
	"He kind of appeared in a fiery haze, late one night in the artist's 
workshop. And asked him, politely, if he would do a sculpture of his daughter. 
The poor man thought he was Zeus."
	Washu laughed. "Isn't he though?"
	Kyokki thought about it for a few minutes. Finally she sighed, "Yes, I 
guess you could say that." She looked out at the stars once again, straining her 
sky blue eyes to try and pinpoint the star that would be the planet that Mihoshi 
and Noboyuki now called home. Her eyebrows were drawn down in a pensive look. 
	"Washu?" The scientist looked at her questioningly. "How is it that 
Mihoshi will be able to find what none of us can?" 
	Washu sighed; this was going to be difficult to explain. "Mihoshi has 
extraordinarily good luck. You could almost say that it is her genius. Take, for 
example, the incident with a man called Dr. Clay that occurred a while before 
your arrival. She just 'stumbled' across his ship, while we had to us my link to 
locate it. Before that, she was looking for Kagato and 'just happened' to come 
to the exact place that he would arrive." She scowled. "It's all horribly 
unscientific, but it works." She turned back to the window, "we will just have 
to phrase our request exactly the right way, and I believe she will lead us 
right to Tengai." 
	Kyokki was not quite convinced, but she nodded in agreement anyway. 
Abruptly she pointed at a shimmering star still some distance away. "There it 
is."
	"And there will we find the key." Washu added.
...
	"Can you tell us where to find Masaki Mihoshi?" Kyokki asked for the 
twelfth time. She was, once again, answered with a blank stare. "Mihoshi 
Masaki?" Again, the blank stare, "Never mind," she muttered irritably. She 
turned back to her companions, "I didn't think it would be so difficult to 
locate her." They stood on a dusty street in the midst of the city where they 
knew Mihoshi and Noboyuki worked,
	"Well," Washu said, "I do have an idea, but you were having so much fun 
interrogating the natives, I didn't want to bring it up." Kyokki gave her a 
questioning look. "How about looking in the phonebook." Washu was gracious 
enough, and intelligent enough, not to rub it in. She walked over to the book, 
which was placed in front of a vidphone and opened it up. By pure happenstance, 
she turned it to the right page. "Mihoshi must be nearby," she muttered, then 
ignored their raised eyebrows. "Noboyuki Enterprises," she read. "It's on the 
next block over." They laughed, and she pointed at the book, "That's what it 
said."
	Kyokki read where her finger was pointing, "...next block over." She 
looked up. "Now, that is just plain weird." 
...

	"We need to speak with Miss Mihoshi." Yosho told the desk clerk at 
Noboyuki's impressive office building.
	"Do you have an appointment?" The officious looking, and sounding, man 
inquired.
	"No, but she will wish to see us right away." 
	The man riffled through some papers, and an appointment book. "I'm sorry, 
but we can't fit you in until next week at the earliest."
	The usually calm Yosho was beginning to look very ruffled. "Look here..."
	Washu tapped his arm, and he looked at her inquiringly. "Why don't you let 
me handle this?" Yosho nodded and stepped back. Washu leaned familiarly on the 
clerk's desk, hunching her shoulders, making sure he got a good view of her 
cleavage. She said, in a sultry voice, "I really wish you would let us see her, 
I would be so grateful." Her tone held quite a bit of promise of impending 
rewards for this little task. Tentousama carefully concealed an amused smile 
behind his hand.
	The clerk turned quite red, and a tiny, telltale trickle of blood escaped 
his left nostril. "Well, I suppose it couldn't hurt to let you see her." His 
eyes were locked on the generous view of Washu's breasts.
	"How, wonderful of you." Washu purred. 
	Kyokki snickered.
	The clerk stood up. "If you would just follow me." He certainly wasn't 
going to let anyone else near this woman. Washu latched herself onto his arm to 
make sure he didn't have a change of heart, and he escorted them to a corner 
office on the second floor. 
	The name on the door read simply, 'Mihoshi'. He rapped on the polished 
wood, "Miss Mihoshi, there are some people here to see you." 
	"Well, bring them in, I suppose...if that's not too much trouble, I mean." 
came the answer in the familiar light tone they all knew and loved. 
	The clerk opened the door and revealed a lushly appointed office, full of 
velvets and unusual looking leathers. There was a large desk, which appeared to 
be made of this planet's version of mahogany. Behind the desk a woman sat. Her 
blond hair was done up in a conservative bun, and she was wearing a business 
suit. 
	"Mihoshi? Is that you?" Kyokki asked, surprised, as Washu ushered the 
clerk out; he was trying to get her phone number until Tentousama stared him 
down, looking very firm about it. She closed the door behind them, ignoring the 
man's protests.
	Mihoshi stood up, "How good to see you all." She walked around the desk, 
and promptly tripped over a potted plant; while she was struggling to right it, 
she knocked a paperweight off of the desk with her elbow and it fell on her 
foot. Leaving the plant to its own devices she hopped about holding her injured 
toe, saying, "Owie, owie, oww." As she hopped about the pins came out of her 
hair and tumbled in a wild, blond, mess around her shoulders. 
	"Yes, it's Mihoshi all right." Washu grinned defeatedly. Kyokki gave her a 
look, but Washu cut her off saying, "I told you it was going to be dangerous and 
unpredictable."
	Kyokki sighed and went over to help clean up the mess. 
	Later, after everything was put to rights, and Mihoshi had greeted
everyone with lavish affection, they told her why they were there. Mihoshi had a 
fairly typical reaction...
	"WHAT!" She screeched. She was sprawled in a leather chair with her shoes 
off and an icepack on her injured foot. 
	It took about an hour to persuade her that they needed to go to Jurai 
first; she kept insisting that it was her duty, as a galaxy police person, to 
take the trail immediately. 
	After leaving a note to Noboyuki, Mihoshi destroyed three pens in the 
process, she and Washu went to get her ship, the Yukinojo, and the rest of them 
returned to Asagao. 
	Washu went with Mihoshi, essentially, to keep her from going off to find 
Tengai before they could collect the others.
 	It would take them two days to arrive at the planet Jurai. 
...

	After getting clearance, they set down Asagao and Yukinojo at the palace 
launch. 
	Kyokki paced around the deck as the guards assured themselves that they 
were, indeed, expected. All questions were soon answered as a royal entourage 
burst through the door, with Tenchi striding tall in the middle. He rushed up to 
them, although it seemed as though he was walking, but his guards had to run to 
keep up. "It's all right men," he told the officials that were detaining the 
arrivals, "this is my family, I have been expecting them." The men departed and 
Prince Tenchi stood face to face with his family, his own face looked as hard as 
granite, and they could see the tension along the line of his jaw. His eyes were 
unnaturally bright. 
	Mihoshi came forward first, knocking several of Tenchi's escort down in 
her desire to embrace him. "Oh, Tenchi..." she hugged him soundly. And he placed 
his arms around her shoulders.
	Kyokki stepped forward, "We want you to know that we will do all we can to 
find her." She touched his face softly, reaching over Mihoshi, who was sobbing 
on his robes. 
	"Have you found anything since Kokuten left," Yosho asked gruffly, his own 
eyes shining. The wolf in question had already gone off to find Ryo-Ohki.
	"No, nothing you don't know already." Tenchi said, his voice strained and 
hoarse. 
	"Come, let us go inside, and I'll take you to where the others are 
waiting." Calmly disengaging himself from Mihoshi, he turned and led them 
inside. 
	Washu situated herself beside the prince as they trekked through the 
winding halls of the palace. "How are they?" 
	Tenchi smiled tightly, "Misaki is in hysterics, Azusa is scaring everyone, 
'if looks could kill' you know. Ayeka and Ryoko are in better states, if not by 
much. But Funaho seems to be handling this well," he sighed, " and Sasami, I 
don't know, she will hardly speak." His jaw clenched even more tightly, "She 
just sits there trying to reach Tengai," his voice rasped at his daughter's 
name, "through the link." The companions shared glances, this didn't sound good. 
Washu laid a comforting hand on Tenchi's arm as they approached the doors to the 
chambers. 
	The prince pushed open the doors, and those who occupied the room looked 
up to see who was there. "Mom!" Ryoko cried and flew over to her mother, burying 
herself in her arms. 
	"Little Ryoko, little Ryoko," Washu murmured as she rocked her daughter 
gently. 
	Everyone in the room was in varying degrees of grief. Most of them, 
however, greeted the companions enthusiastically, if tiredly. Misaki was absent 
and Azusa stood pensively leaning against a window. Sasami sat in a chair by the 
window, strangely silent. Ayeka lay on a couch covered in a blanket, sleeping 
heavily.
	"She was exhausted." Funaho said in Kyokki's ear. The goddess turned and 
saw her friend, calm and collected, but looking a great deal more solemn than 
usual. "She wouldn't leave Sasami's side." 
	"Funaho..."
	"I'm all right, I've been through something like this before, you know." 
Her dark eyes glanced at Yosho, who was talking to his father. "He ran after 
Ryoko, and I didn't know if he was alive, or if..." 
	She broke off and Kyokki took her into her arms. She watched as the calm 
fa‡ade melted off of Funaho's face and the queen started to weep. "It's all 
right Funaho..." Kyokki held her closely. "We'll find her, I promise."
...

	"She won't answer." Tenchi said, as he knelt beside his youngest wife, 
holding her hand and stroking it softly. 
	"May I try?" Kyokki asked gently. 
	Tenchi nodded assent as he moved over to make room for her to kneel in 
front of Sasami. She took Sasami's head between her hands and closed her eyes in 
concentration. 
	* Tsunami? * She called mentally.
 	The tree goddess answered. * I am here, but the part of myself that is 
Sasami has taken over in her pain. *
	* Can that happen? * Kyokki asked.
	* Only when there is extreme mental stress. * She answered.
	* What can I do? *
	Suddenly a welter of images appeared in Kyokki's mind's eye, transferring 
from the mind of one goddess to the other. There was one image that stood out 
though, and Kyokki was startled by the sheer simplicity of it. * I see* she told 
the goddess as she drew back from the link. 
	Everyone was staring at her as her awareness came back into the room where 
they had all gathered. "Tsunami told me what to do." She informed them, "so 
don't get mad." They watched her doubtfully as she strode over to the door and 
gave some quiet orders to a servant passing in the hall. The man scurried away 
as Kyokki walked back into the room. He returned a few minutes later carrying a 
bucket that appeared to contain ice water. Kyokki thanked him, and he gave her 
the bucket before bowing his way out the door.
	"Sorry about this Sasami," she told the woman, then upended the bucket 
over her head. 
	The woman gasped, echoing the others in the room, then spluttered. She 
looked around in confusion. "When did you all get here?" She shook her head, 
causing water droplets to spray off her long satiny hair. Then realization 
passed over her face. "Oh, Kyokki, thank you!" She exclaimed, leaping out of her 
chair and hugging the woman soundly, and getting her very wet in the process. "I 
guess I got lost." She said. 
...
	Later, after Ayeka woke up and exchanged tearful, and relieved, hugs with 
her sister, and Sasami had changed out of her wet clothing, they all convened in 
a conference hall; which had a large marble table running down the center. Each 
of them took seats as they spoke of the matters that had brought them together 
once again. Kokuten and Ryo-Ohki joined them soon after.
	Tenchi stood from his seat at the middle of the table, "Now that we are 
all here, what are we going to do. It has already been a week since she was 
taken, and we have no lead other than Tokimi is involved." Tenchi refused to use 
a title when referring to the woman who stole his daughter. 
	Washu stood from opposite him, "We will have to use what I had dreaded. 
Since no instruments work and the communications and tracking systems are down, 
we will have to use our secret weapon." She leaned across the table and 
indicated that Tenchi should do the same. She whispered to him extensively. 
	Finally Tenchi leaned back, and said, his voice stunned. "Are you sure?" 
	Washu nodded.
	"And there is no other way?"
	Washu shook her head.
	He sighed heavily, "all right then." He turned and called. "Detective 
	Mihoshi!" 
	She stood quickly from her seat and saluted, "Yes, Prince Tenchi."
	"I am ordering you to find Tengai's location, then report back to us. I 
repeat, locate Tengai then report back to us."
	"Yes, sir. I will find Tengai and apprehend the horrid criminals that took 
her." She started out the door.
	"No Mihoshi, just find her and report back..."
	"Detective Mihoshi is on the case sir." She disappeared out the doors, 
letting them bang shut behind her. 
	Tenchi looked at Washu, "I hope you know what you're doing."
	"Trust me." Then Washu clapped her hands, making everyone jump. 
	"Okay, Azusa, Misaki and Funaho are staying here." She pointed at Tenchi, 
"You, Ryoko, Ayeka and Sasami take Ryo-Ohki."  She turned to Kyokki and 
Yosho, "You take Kokuten. And Tentousama and I will be in Asagao. We will keep 
in close contact at all times, no one let Mihoshi out of their sight."  She 
turned an started out the door, calling back over her shoulder, "Come on, 
everyone, timing is essential." 
	They all, except Tenchi, hesitated a moment before running after her. 
Leaving the emperor and empresses staring at the swinging door. The three of 
them were thinking the same thing, 'I hope they know what they're doing.'
...
	Kyokki and Yosho were preparing to board Kokuten when Kyokki felt a soft 
hand touch her shoulder. She turned around and saw a knight of Jurai standing in 
front of her. He had violet eyes and long red hair that was pulled back simply 
and tied. His pale skin still bore the marks of heavy bruises, just beginning to 
heal. 
	"Please...please, take me with you." He said softly. "It is my fault..." 
	Yosho came up and clasped his shoulder, "You may come with us."
	"What is your name, sir knight?" Kyokki asked.
	"Hokushin."


Questions, Comments, please write! E-mail me at kyokki21@yahoo.com








