Due to popular demand, (3 e-mails) I have decided to continue this saga. So here 
we have it, after weeks and months of careful work and deliberation...I have 
produced A SEQUEL. Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC and Pioneer. 




Continuation of previous story "With the Sunrise."

On the Horizon
	Prologue:


	The sun rises, the sun sets, only this remains the same through the 
passing of the years. 
	The sun rises, the sun sets for ten years on the planet earth. During this 
time many things changed. Sasami, who was twenty-two years old, had become fully 
assimilated one morning while making breakfast, which was a great surprise to 
everyone, including Sasami, who had thought it would be a bit more spectacular. 
Throughout that day she, Ayeka and Ryoko had had their heads together, taking 
peeks at Tenchi occasionally with odd looks on their faces. Tenchi had soon 
found out what was up though, when they cornered him that night. He was a very 
confused man the next morning, but a week later the four of them were married in 
the presence of Ayeka's Ryu-Oh. 
	During the ten passing years, Washu and Tentousama managed to overcome the 
difficulties of their pasts and came together in what everyone agreed was a 
spectacular match. Washu now habitually wore her adult form, though she 
occasionally back-slided when thinking of that ever elusive 'sample' from 
Tenchi. Tentousama usually regarded her with amusement during those times and 
told her she could get any samples she wanted from him, and she would usually 
oblige. They generally spent their time divided between Washu's lab and 
Tentousama's house. 
	Noboyuki and Mihoshi were married in a traditional earth ceremony five 
years after Kyokki had arrived at the Masaki household. Though Mihoshi still got 
flustered when answering the phone and saying 'Masaki residence'. Kyokki, with 
the couple's permission of course, 'tampered' with Noboyuki. She had decided 
that the difference in their life spans was too great and set about changing 
things. Noboyuki's aging slowed, then stopped, then actually reversed until he 
became the approximate physical age of his wife. Kyokki told them that they 
would age at the same rate from then on. 
Kokuten and Ryo-Ohki had progressed in their relationship to the point that they 
would feel pain if they were separated. Kokuten was teaching Ryo-Ohki vocabulary 
so that her only words were not hello, carrot, and miah. Kyokki raised the 
possibility of pupkits with Washu if ever the two decided they wanted children, 
and she said she could arrange it should the need arise. 
	And Yosho and Kyokki watched, intervened if there was a need, and 
discussed what the future held for these, the ones they loved. The sun rises, 
the sun sets.
...

	The sun rises, the sun sets on ten more years. Sasami and Ayeka convinced 
their husband, and Ryoko, who was quite reluctant, to return to the planet 
Jurai. Ryoko only agreed after a promised reprieve of all blame from the king of 
Jurai himself. Azusa figured that if both his daughters had married Tenchi he 
had better at least try to like him. This was due in no small part to pressure 
from all the female members of his family. Tenchi proved to have a good head for 
politics and fit quite easily into the nobility of Jurai. 
	Kokuten, after much indecision, decided to go as well, to be near Ryo-
Ohki. Kyokki gave him her blessing after reminding him firmly that he would be 
visiting Earth often.
	After leaving the house in Yosho and Kyokki's safekeeping, Noboyuki and 
Mihoshi left to live on her home planet when Mihoshi received a promotion to 
head of Special Forces in that area. Her people were very intrigued by Earth 
architecture and Noboyuki soon had a huge company. They were very happy.
Soon after returning to Jurai, Sasami announced that she was pregnant, and four 
months later, Tengai entered the world. Everyone traveled to Jurai to greet the 
new member of the family, who was an absolutely adorable little girl. 
	Only Kyokki, Yosho, Tentousama, and Washu returned to the Earth. 
	Yosho and Kyokki waited. For they could feel that this time of peace could 
not last forever. 
	For twenty more years the sun rose and the sun set, the only thing 
remaining the same through the passing of the years.

...
Chapter 1: It Has Begun

	The delicate twenty-year-old girl ran fiercely through the darkened 
forest, glancing occasionally through the gaps in the canopy to judge the 
position of the stars, and to look for the lightening of the sky that would 
announce the coming of the sunrise. 
	Still enough time, even though she was running late. The girl was dressed 
in a simple Jurai uniform in preparation for the lesson in swordplay that would 
take place just after breakfast; her blue-black hair was bound in a simple 
ponytail at the nape of her neck. 
	Nearing the place where they had agreed to meet, she slowed, and, her pink 
eyes shining, walked into the moonlight dappled clearing. She looked around in 
confusion; he wasn't there. Automatically, she scanned the forest floor and the 
surrounding sentinels of the trees. Nothing...no, wait... what was that? Her 
eyes caught a glimpse of a figure lying crumpled on the grassy loam, obscured in 
the night shadows. "Hokushin!" She cried, and started towards him. She felt 
something strike her, and then everything went black.

...


 
	"Oh boy, is she gonna get it!" muttered Ryoko as she glided through the 
halls of the Jurai royal palace in her Jurai battle suit. The startled servants 
who crossed her stare hurriedly darted the other way, suddenly remembering tasks 
that needed doing on the other side of the palace, or the planet. Everyone knew 
well enough to stay out of the princesses' ways when they had 'that' look in 
their eyes. 
	Ryoko, third crown princess of the planet Jurai, reached the ornate door 
of the Royal antechamber of the royal apartments and burst in through the door. 
Then the princess stopped dead in her tracks as the door swung softly shut 
behind her.
	Tenchi, Ayeka and Sasami looked up in surprise from where they had been 
perusing some documents spread across Tenchi's dark polished desk.
	"Whatever is the matter Ryoko?" Ayeka asked calmly from her chair, 
smoothing her dress and studiously disregarding Ryoko's disheveled state. 
	"Have you seen Tengai?" Ryoko demanded, peering around the large chamber 
as though expecting to see the girl hiding behind a potted tree. "I thought you 
might have her here for an etiquette," she fairly snarled the word, "lesson when 
you knew she had combat training with me this morning!"
	Ayeka had begun teaching the girl court manners from an early age, while 
Ryoko took combat training, Tenchi politics, Sasami how to use her powers and, 
of course, cooking. Tengai was a very well rounded young lady. 
	"As you can see, Ryoko, she is not here." Ayeka folded her arms. "In fact, 
I haven't seen her since yesterday's evening meal."
	"You haven't?" Ryoko asked, her temper deflating as she plopped down into 
a cushy armchair. 
	"I haven't seen her either." Sasami added, leaning forward, her brow 
furrowing. She looked at her husband, "Tenchi?"
	"No, I thought she was with one of you." Tenchi frowned. The years had 
hardened his features and his long hair was drawn back into a simple tail. He 
looked like a combination between Noboyuki and Yosho, though with a considerable 
more Yosho, thank goodness. 
	His wives sighed in unison; he was so handsome when...well... he was 
always handsome. But their distraction was brief. Ayeka was just suggesting that 
maybe she had spent the night at one of her friends' house or palace, Tengai had 
a great many friends among the nobility and the populace, when there was a 
commotion at the door.
	The four monarchs leapt up and found that a guardsman stood there, a young 
man with red hair, so red, in fact, that they at first did not notice the blood 
seeping from a gash on the side of his head. They did, however, notice that his 
uniform was torn and dirty and there were several bruises marring the pale skin 
of his face. He leaned on the doorframe, gasping for breath as Sasami rushed to 
him. But before she could reach him, he collapsed to his knees, holding one arm 
across his ribcage and using the other to keep himself from falling completely.
Sasami reached him and lifted his head gently, looking into his eyes. There was 
dreadful shock there, shock and pain. She called out the open door, "Send 
Medics!" The princess did not want her status as a goddess to be well known. 
Then she turned back to the injured guard, "What happened?"
	"You haven't been fighting, have you?" Ayeka and Ryoko asked, bristling.
	"The...the Princess Tengai." He gasped brokenly. "Someone...has taken 
her."

...

	"Something is blocking me." Sasami moaned, tears running down her grief-
ravaged face. She and Tengai shared a mental link, much the same as the one that 
connected Washu and Ryoko. However, the link had somehow been jammed. 
	"I can't reach mom, either." Ryoko added. The amount of her distraction 
was evident in the slip of calling Washu mom. 
	"None of the communication systems are working." Ayeka called from where 
she was feverishly typing on a holotop Washu had given her. 
	Tenchi paced back and forth across the room, never missing a beat even as 
he pounded his fist into his other hand. "Who? Who has done this?" He asked 
again, half to himself. Ayeka reached out a hand, as he was the closest to her, 
and laid it on his arm. He stopped and shook himself. "We have to send messages 
to Washu and grandpa." He strode to the door, yanked it open and thrust his head 
outside. "Fetch Kokuten and Ryo-Ohki!" He commanded. One of the servants quickly 
scurried away. "Ask the king and queens to come, as well." He called after him.
	Meanwhile, Sasami was once again attempting to reach her daughter. But all 
she could get was a sensation of cold, deep, bone chilling cold. 'Tengai, 
Tengai...please, answer me...' All that met her pleading was nothingness, and a 
feeling of emptiness. "I know the link hasn't been cut." She muttered. Whoever 
had taken her daughter had known that Sasami would feel the loss immediately if 
they cut the link. So instead they had somehow managed to dull it, so all she 
could feel was cold. But Tengai was strong, maybe if she kept trying... 'Tengai, 
daughter, please...' she sent out. 
	'M...mother?' 
	"I got her, but I don't know how long I can hold her." Sasami called out. 
The rest of them rushed over and knelt beside her chair. 
	'Tengai, darling, where are you?' She asked desperately.
	'Mother? Cold...so cold.' 
	'Tengai, please...we need to know where you are.' Sasami wept.
	'Cold.' Was the only reply.
	Then something was there, pushing its way between Sasami and Tengai. 
	'Mother!' Tengai's voice faded off into nothing. Instead another voice 
took its place.
	'Sister, come to me.' And an image began to form in Sasami's head. A 
woman, dressed in flowing robes, with eyes like frozen rainbows in a pane of 
glass. The woman smiled, and Sasami screamed. Then everything went dark.

...

	"Sasami, Sasami. Wake up." Someone was gently patting her cheeks while 
someone else was holding a cool cloth to her forehead. "She's coming around."  
	Sasami opened her eyes and looked around, she was laying on the floor, 
with six concerned faces hovering above her. 
	She sat up. "What happened?"
	"You screamed something, then you fainted." Ayeka told her, the damp cloth 
still held in her white-knuckled hands.
	"What did I scream?" She asked faintly.
	Ryoko, Tenchi and Ayeka exchanged long looks. Then Tenchi said, "Tokimi."
	Tenchi helped Sasami stand, and she looked around at her husband, her 
sister-wives, her parents and her aunt. "We must have Washu and Kyokki here."
	"Kokuten has already left. But we kept Ryo-Ohki here, in case...we need 
her." Ryoko told her.
	"It has begun." Sasami said softly.
...

	On the planet Earth, the sun was setting quietly in the autumn sky. The 
house, too large for its few occupants, sat in the golden light that painted the 
softly rippling waves of the lake above which the onsen hung. The birds began 
their sunset chorus in the mountains that surrounded the quiet little valley and 
the turning leaves caught the fire that tinged the sky. 
	Only two were there to enjoy the splendor of the season, a cool, crisp, 
cloudless evening, with just the hint of snow trailing across the breeze. Kyokki 
and her husband of forty years sat sipping their tea on the smooth boards of the 
porch. Yosho and Kyokki shared a blanket, though neither really needed it, and 
shared each others warmth and their joy in the passing of the seasons. The way 
they sat together, one might suspect that the two were newly weds, and really, 
they still thought of themselves as such, never aging, enjoying forever the 
blush of new love. 
	Kyokki tossed her long red-gold hair over her shoulder and leaned more 
closely into Yosho's warm arms. They could stay like this forever. Whenever 
anyone visited the shrine, which was not often in these cool days. She and Yosho 
would assume the guise of a wise, elderly couple. And they would laugh together 
whenever they saw themselves in a mirror. No one suspected that a goddess and 
her husband, who was rather close to being a god himself, inhabited these 
mountains. 
	The years had passed gently upon them, though the changes were sometimes 
difficult. The leaving of the children, not children any longer, the differences 
they saw in them whenever they visited together, but these were natural things. 
And the world was good, the universe peaceful. Kyokki and Yosho had discussed 
having children of their own, and decided they would not rush things. In their 
own lives they would have all the time in the world to do anything they wished, 
and Kyokki had assured Yosho that she would always be of childbearing age, but 
she wouldn't get pregnant unless she and he decided to. Besides, there was 
always Tengai, though she was not really a child any more, but rather a young 
woman, who, though she was the daughter of Tenchi and Sasami, had a bit of each 
of Tenchi's wives in her, if not in blood. 
	Kyokki kissed Yosho gently on the cheek, and they both stood up. "We 
should take a walk before the sun sets fully." She grinned hugely as she 
stretched, "This is a great time of day to go."
	Yosho smiled at his wife and nodded his head in agreement. Then he turned, 
with the blanket over his arm, and started into the house.
	"Where are you going?" Kyokki asked.
	"I am going to put the blanket in the house before we go." He replied, 
stopping and eyeing her curiously. "You didn't want me to bring it, did you?" 
	She smiled at him archly with a mischievous look twinkling in her blue 
eyes. And he started to smile too. 
	"Well, you never know, it might come in handy." He laughed as he strode 
back to her and flung the blanket over her shoulders like a cape. "My lady, 
would you allow me to escort you on your tour of the countryside?" He bowed.
	Kyokki flourished her makeshift cape. "My good sir, I would be delighted."  
She turned and pointed imperiously towards the mountains. "Let us make haste, 
else..." She trailed off.
	Yosho followed her gaze and saw a tiny speck of light, like an evening 
star, but it was coming closer, and quickly. "What is it Kyokki? No one was 
planning on visiting today, were they?" 
	She shook her head to indicate her own puzzlement. "I would say it's 
Kokuten, but...why wouldn't he have contacted me to tell me he was coming?" She 
mused. They stood on the center of the dock as the light drew closer and closer, 
never slacking its speed. As it drew close to the house, Kyokki could see the 
familiar form that Kokuten had taken when they had traveled the stars together. 
"It is Kokuten!" She exclaimed. "But he isn't slowing down, he..." The ship that 
was the wolf was now directly overhead and as it neared them, Kokuten assumed 
his real form. Unfortunately he was still in mid-air when he did so. "Kokuten!" 
Kyokki shrieked as the wolf plummeted towards the Earth. 
	He was moving to quickly for her to lock onto him and lower him gently.
	Yosho sprang into action. In long, loping stride, he quickly placed 
himself directly beneath the wolf. Luckily, he was able to catch him, though the 
weight of the animal caused him to stagger and nearly fall to the ground. Kyokki 
ran up to him as he laid the wolf gently on his side. She placed her hands on 
his shaggy black coat and hurriedly channeled some of her power into the 
exhausted animal. 
	Kokuten gave a lurch and started up, his golden eyes filled with horror. 
He stared at Kyokki, and then took his humanoid form. "Telepathy wasn't working, 
you didn't hear me at all, did you?" Kyokki shook her head in astonishment. The 
wolf/man started to his feet then gave up and sat back on his heels.
	"Kokuten, you're exhausted. What happened?" Yosho asked.
	"I was sent...I was sent because, communications weren't working and they 
need you." The man shook himself as though trying to shake something off of his 
back. "Because," He said seriously, "Tengai was kidnapped."
	Kyokki reached blindly for Yosho's hand and was reassured a little when he 
took it. "Who?"
	"I left so quickly...but only after I found out..."
	"Who, Kokuten?" Yosho broke in.
	"Tokimi, it was Tokimi." Kokuten said harshly through his tears.
	"It has begun." Kyokki said softly.

Questions, comments, anything else?  E-mail me at kyokki21@yahoo.com




	
