Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC and Pioneer.
kyokki21@yahoo.com


Chapter 3   On the Horizon
To Seek, To Find

	The air moved sluggishly in the cave-like chamber. And she looked up; it 
was the first thing other than herself to move since she had awoken in this 
dismal place. It whispered through the air...
	Then it stopped, and she was alone again. 
	Where was she? Why was she brought here...these thoughts ran relentlessly 
through her mind as she strove to fight off the silence induced despair. 
	She allowed her mind to reminisce, thinking about her family, thinking 
about Hokushin. She started to weep... "Oh, Hokushin, please come soon." 
...


	The Kokuten swept across light-year of space, shaped like an ancient flint 
spearhead. It cut across the miles, pursuing its quarry with the one-mindedness 
and skill of an experienced wolf leading his pack to a winter kill. Though what 
it was following was not prey, rather it was the scout, the one who would let 
them all know when the one they were seeking was found. Kokuten found his scout 
a very unskilled hunter.  
	The interior of the ship known as Kokuten was large and airy, which it did 
not look like from the outside. It was filled with trees that were perpetually 
displaying the colors they flaunted at the peak of the autumnal season. Streams 
burbled their way through rock-beds and birds of every earthen species filled 
the air with their joyous songs. The dome, high overhead, was crafted to look 
like the sky just after the sun rose, and errant breezes flitted through the 
chambers at odd times and from unexpected directions. At the front of the ship 
was a large window through which you could see the wonders of space gliding by.
	Kyokki sat on a comfortable floating pillow, others were scattered like 
colorful blowing leaves around the interior of Kokuten's cabin. As she smoothed 
her maple leaf colored kimono, she was watching the man she had just met, a 
passenger they had taken just before they left, a knight called Hokushin. 
	The object of her study was leaning against the window, his head resting 
on his forearm, gazing out at the passing stars. 
	"We are tracking Mihoshi, though she still seems to be taking no specific 
direction," Kokuten announced. 
	"Good, Kokuten...just keep an eye on her, and make sure to keep in contact 
with the other ships." Kyokki said distractedly. Yosho was in the galley 
preparing dinner, so Kyokki was left to her own devices. 
	"Yes, mistress." The ship answered.
	The knight lifted his head. "Kokuten is your ship."
	"Yes, that he is, but I let him go to Jurai to be with Ryo-Ohki." She 
smiled softly. "I couldn't bear to separate them."
	Sir Hokushin sighed, "Yes, it is hard to be separated from the one you 
love."
	Kyokki turned her eyes briefly in the direction of the galley. She thought 
about the times she had been apart from Yosho, few, thankfully, but painful just 
the same. 
"Yes," She agreed softly. Then she thought on what Hokushin had just said, the 
tone of his voice. The man knew what he was talking about first-hand.
	"She was coming to see me..." The knight suddenly said, and looked at 
Kyokki. "She was coming to see me and look what happened."
	Kyokki gasped, 'Of course' she thought, why hadn't she seen it before. 
"Tengai..." She murmured in wonder. This was why he had had those bruises, why 
he had so wanted to join them in their search. She must have been blind.
	Hokushin walked over and sat on a red pillow near her own golden one. "We 
were in love...and she wanted everyone to know, but I was fearful of the 
repercussions." He laughed brokenly, "After all, who am I, just a landless 
knight. And she, a princess." 
	His eyes grew far away, looking beyond even the distant stars. 

(Two years ago.)
	< The sun was shining brightly across the practice fields, warming the 
knights as they sparred with each other or worked on their forms. The wind blew 
softly across the tops of the trees surrounding the tourney grounds, bringing 
with it the scent of fresh air and water, which mingled with the scent of 
healthy sweat of the exerting men and women. Somewhere nearby a group of 
musicians were practicing their graceful music, it ran like a counterpoint to 
the laughing challenges and hearty jests. It was a good day.
	Hokushin was stretching his newly knighted muscles in the warm air of the 
late-spring day. He was idly twirling his quarterstaff and watching his friend 
and classmate, Yuuko, as he laughed over an overheard comment. It was all just 
an act of course; he was simply waiting for Hokushin to let his guard down, so 
he could strike. Although the two of them never made an issue of it, they both 
knew that Hokushin was the better skilled. 
	Hokushin waited patiently until Yuuko tired of his attempts to distract 
him and decided to attack.  
	What followed was a flurry of movements vastly difficult to follow. 
Elbows, knees, feet, midriffs, were aimed at, painful if they made contact, 
perhaps. But really, neither were trying to hurt each other, they just wanted to 
blow off some of the steam acquired during the last few months of knight 
training. This involved heavy meditation and solitude. Now the two were just 
happy to be out and about. Both men were grinning hugely as they spun across the 
field, deftly avoiding the others practicing their own skills. 
	In fact, they were ignoring them so well that they didn't notice when they 
became the absolute center of attention. 
	Suddenly, as Hokushin was ducking a blow, Yuuko whispered hoarsely. "The 
princess." Hokushin let himself become distracted as his eyes glanced quickly at 
the slender girl with the blue-black hair, standing beside the third princess 
Ryoko, watching them. He did not see what hit him.
	Hokushin opened his eyes to find himself staring at two concerned faces. 
One had gray eyes and violet hair, Yuuko. The other had large pink eyes and long 
blue-black hair.
	"Your highness." Hokushin wheezed, attempting to sit up. 
	"No don't." the princess commanded, firmly putting a hand against his 
chest and pushing him back down. She was quite strong, though you could not tell 
by looking at her. 
	"Yes, your highness." He conceded. The knight took the opportunity to 
examine her close up. She was slight, with an hourglass figure accentuated by 
the belt that bound her practice clothing. Her pink eyes were tilted up slightly 
at the corners and her lustrous hair was bound back simply. When the princess 
smiled her dimples lent her an impish look. But she was not smiling right at the 
moment. 
	"I'm sorry Hokushin," Yuuko said simply. "I didn't mean to hit you so 
hard." 
	Hokushin simply clasped his friend's hand and said, " It was my fault, I 
shouldn't have let myself become distracted." 
	His friend looked relieved, and the look he directed at the princess said 
he understood completely. 
	Hokushin smiled.
	The princess took a damp cloth that someone had handed her and used it to 
wipe the perspiration off of Hokushin's face. "Are you all right now?" She asked 
him.
	"As a matter of fact, I was seeing stars before...but now I see only one." 
He said softly as his eyes caught and held hers. He was startled by his own 
temerity.
	Her dimples appeared as she smiled at him. 
	Yuuko caught the exchanged glances and laughed. >

	"We would meet each other as often as we could, in secret. The only one 
who knew of our love was Yuuko. He used to help set up our liaisons but was sent 
on an extended patrol not long ago." He slammed his left fist into his right 
hand. "I knew we shouldn't have but I couldn't bring myself to tell her no." He 
turned his eyes back to the astonished goddess. "We had arranged to meet that 
night, and were planning to go together that morning to tell her parents about 
our relationship." His voice was anguished, "Something knocked me unconscious, 
but still I heard her call my name." 
	Tears began to roll down his face. "Then she was gone." 
	Kyokki got up off of her pillow and strode quickly to the distraught 
knight. She did not say anything but just took him in her arms as he wept. 
	"My fault...all my fault." 
...

	That night Kyokki and Yosho lay together in their peaceful chamber, made 
to duplicate, almost exactly, the one they shared at their home. The only 
difference was the stars that slid by their window and the fact that, in this 
room, it was perpetually early summer. Kyokki had shown Hokushin to another room 
earlier, after the man had regained his composure and was dreadfully 
embarrassed. 'It is good to cry,' Kyokki had told him. 'It allows you to wash 
away your sorrow and make room for hope.' He had kissed her hand gently before 
turning and entering the room. Kyokki had sighed and her shoulders slumped, 'but 
sometimes it is not easy to cry' she had thought. And she had sought Yosho. 
The two lovers were idly twining their fingers together as they lay in the dimly 
lit chamber. Kyokki sighed and snuggled closer to her husband. "I love you." She 
said.
	Yosho lifted her chin and kissed her deeply. "I love you too." He said 
softly.
	"Sometimes I think we can never say that enough times." Kyokki murmured. 
She thought about the knight's confession for a while before deciding to share 
the information with her husband. "...So that is why he wanted to come with." 
She finished, after telling him an abbreviated version.
	"I see," Yosho commented softly. " And he blames himself?"
	Kyokki nodded. "The way I see it, they both bear a small piece of the 
blame. But this was not their fault, it is Tokimi's." 
	Yosho agreed with her, "Yes, they should have brought their relationship 
out into the open, Tenchi is not as stubborn as Azusa. He would not have stood 
in their way."
	"Ah, well, it is all said and done now. And who knows, they might have 
been planning this for years and could have as easily have taken her from her 
bedchamber as from the forest."
	"Yosho," Kyokki said suddenly, "What would you do if anything happened to 
me? If our life bond were broken?"
	"I would follow you," Yosho answered without hesitating, "Into death if 
need be." 
	"You could always..." 
	"I will never remove it. It is more than a symbol, it is an oath, a 
promise, I would not let death come between our love. Without you, I would not 
be whole." He frowned, 
	"But if anything should happen to me, I would wish you to break the bond, 
so I could know you were still out there, living."
	"You know my actions would be the same as yours, I would follow you 
forever."
	Yosho lay silent as he ran his fingers through his wife's long coppery 
hair, marveling at its life and softness just as he always did, as he always 
would. Kyokki sighed with pleasure at the pure sensual sensation of his hands 
gliding down her hair. "I love you, Kyokki," Yosho whispered. She clasped him in 
her arms, making sure not to still the motion of his hands. They did not sleep 
for quite some time that night.
...

	Hokushin slipped quietly out of his chamber shortly after he had heard 
Kyokki and Yosho retire to theirs. He made his way to the deck, feeling his way 
through the darkened interior of the ship. Once there, the knight again leaned 
against the window, watching the stars. One twinkling light, he knew without 
knowing, was Yukinojo, zipping up and down, back and forth erratically through 
his field of vision. He could also see the other ships that made up their 
caravan, Asagao, a blue jewel in the darkness on the left side of his field of 
vision, and Ryo-Ohki, a ruby on his right, all following that erratic path. 
	He hoped they knew what they were doing, following a renowned klutz with 
incredibly good luck, following her because they had no other recourse. He had 
to hope that she would lead him to his own jewel, the star that brightened his 
life. 
	Hokushin had been orphaned soon after his birth, from a mysterious 
sickness that had swept through their tiny farming community. Those who had 
survived had taken him in, giving him shelter and schooling, funding his path to 
becoming a knight. But he had never known his mother and father, never had 
sisters or brothers. He was a solitary youth and a reticent young man, investing 
all his friendship into a fellow knight named Yuuko. 
	Then Tengai had come into his life, bringing with her sunshine and 
laughter. She became his family, the family he had never known, and she became 
his very life. Then in one moment his life, his dream, had been shattered, and 
he stood orphaned once again. And now they followed that erratic star, trying 
desperately to find her again. 
	"It is difficult to be separated from one's mate," a voice suddenly came 
from overhead. 
	Hokushin looked up into the shadowy dome and saw a glimmering crystal 
descending. It settled next to him and became the ghostly image of a large wolf. 
"My mate is beautiful, is she not?" He commented fondly.
	An image appeared on the screen, showing the image of the ship, Ryo-Ohki, 
gliding among the stars, her crystalline structure reflecting the twinkling 
lights. It was an image of loving detail, showing the ship to its best 
advantage. 
	"Yes she is," Hokushin agreed, admiring the ship's design, perfect for 
battle, his warrior's eye picked out. 
	The shadowy wolf turned his head to look at the man standing beside him. 
And although he was translucent, his golden eyes showed perfect and bright and 
wise in his wolfy face. "I admire her in all her forms, and she does the same 
for me," He smiled a canine smile, his tongue lolling out. "Although our 
humanoid forms are best suited." His eyes grew distant. "I remember the first 
time I ever saw her, she was little more than a girl, but I knew, in that 
instant, that my life had not been complete before that moment." 
	His eyes fixed once again on the silent Hokushin. "You know that feeling."
	"Yes, I do." He smiled tightly. "The first time I ever saw her face, it 
was as though the perpetual cloud bank that hung over my head had let in a 
single ray of sunshine. And when she smiled at me, the clouds were ripped 
apart." He sighed and leaned more heavily against the window, " Now the darkness 
is back, and only she can bring on the break of day."
	"It is always darkest before the storm," Kokuten commented obliquely. "And 
afterwards the sun always seems brighter." 
	The two of them lapsed into silence, staring at different stars.
...

	The GP ship, known as the Yukinojo, zipped erratically through the fields 
of starlight. Its pilot drove it on with only one thing on her mind, find 
Tengai, oh, and a cup of coffee. 
	"Yukinojo," Mihoshi inquired, "Have you detected anything yet." As she was 
speaking she idly twisted her cube in her hands.
	The suspended unit descended, "No, Miss Mihoshi." The computer blinked. 
"Oh, wait, we seem to be passing through a place that has seen recent combat." 
He raised some viewing windows, "The majority of the ships appear to be..." He 
continued on for a few minutes, an interval during which Mihoshi wasn't paying 
attention.
	The detective was peering at the cube, wondering how she could materialize 
a cup of coffee without it pouring on her lap, as it was usually wont to do. As 
Yukinojo rattled on, she twisted the top of the transparent pink cube counter-
clockwise, no, no coffee; just a few girlie mangas. She hurriedly stuffed those 
under her seat. She turned the left side clockwise, nothing happened, she did it 
again to the opposite side, still nothing. But outside the ship, something was 
happening, in reaction to the cube's erratic computations, as it tried to figure 
out what Mihoshi wanted. A small hole appeared in the blackness of space, a 
rift. It rotated, growing larger, and a fantastic scene began to be visible 
through the tear, planets, stars, paths and channels, all appearing to point in 
a specific dimension. 
	"Miss Mihoshi," Yukinojo cried.
	Mihoshi looked up and had time for only one thought 'how lovely' before 
the ship was sucked into the dimension.
...
	"Hurry, follow her before it closes!" Three ships darted after her.


...
Please e-mail me any questions, comment or complaints. Please! 
kyokki21@yahoo.com

