ALL THE BELOW CHARACTERS BELONG TO SOMEONE ELSE AND I AM HUMBLE ENOUGH TO SAY 
THAT I COULD NOT THINK THEM UP MYSELF, SO IF ANY RICH MAN WANTS TO WASTE THEIR 
MONEY AND SUE ME, PLEASE DO WHAT YOU FEEL IS RIGHT. HOWEVER THIS STORY IS ALL 
MINE AND MY IMAGINATION, INCLUDING ANY NEW CHARACTERS I MAY HAVE INTRODUCED.

OK, I have read some of the other fanfic authors' work and they usually go into 
a spiel here about their works and apologize the inconsistency in their work. 
But since I don't believe in apologizing for anything I do or misspell or even 
misquote so I won't but what I will do is tell you not to expect anything of my 
works because I did this for fun not publishing and I am only sharing it to see 
what input you internet lunatics can tell me what worked for you and what 
didn't. If you're a fanatic I am sorry to say you might not like any of this 
work since I am not the biggest fan of much but I do know a great deal about 
Tenchi Muyo and the other series that followed. Oh yeah a time line....hmmmm.... 
well this probably is set after the first O.A.V. series and the first movie 
though with some incorporation of Tenchi in Tokyo, and without any further a 
due, the story begins.


Episode 2  No need for a plot!


Strange Ryoko has not pulled a single trick while we have been in space. She 
looks at me every now and then as if she wants something then goes back to 
whatever it is she does on Ryo-ohki. Washu must have remodeled the entire 
interior because of the doors to three extra rooms. One is obviously for Mayuka, 
but the other two are the same in orientation and style. When I ask Ryoko about 
it she said they are not both the same and the one to your right is yours and 
don't sleep in the other one until your ready... I wonder what she meant by 
that... she said she is not sleeping in there... oh, well probably something 
silly. It has been dull out here. In addition,  we took off at the spur of the 
moment, I am wondering what Ryoko had in mind. She has not said or done much 
else then watch Mayuka play and drive the ship, though she has said that we will 
be there soon enough. I do not understand why she is in such a hurry you would 
think we are being chased or something. Washu put lots of games and 
other...err...toys to keep everyone on their toes and occupied. I wonder what 
everyone else is thinking about right now.



Ayeka goes to the shrine in the morning to see Katsuhito cleaning the steps of 
the shrine in the morning. " Good morning, Ayeka," says Katsuhito with out 
glancing up.

" How did you...Katsuhito, where is Tenchi?" Ayeka asks curiously as they are 
not usually done with their practice at this time in the morning... and she 
wants to give him his breakfast. I am so glad that monster women will not have 
that privilege this morning and I get to eat with him alone this morning without 
anyone interrupting. At last, I will be able to talk to Tenchi about us.

" Tenchi...hmmm," Katsuhito looks contemplative for a moment then smiles," 
Ahh...yes...Ryoko said Tenchi would be detained for the summer and I would have 
like to have known why but Ryoko disappeared before I could utter..." Katsuhito 
stops as he notices Ayeka making full speed for the house. " Poor child... She 
won't catch those shooting stars in time." Katsuhito shakes his head then adds," 
I don't think Tenchi knows what he has done yet, but he will."

" Ryoko... you sneak... sending me on a phony errand just so you could have 
Tenchi all to your self when I get home I will..." Ayeka walks, more like stomps 
to the kitchen her face looks red-hot as she passes, Mihoshi and Kyone seem to 
shrink out of the way...

" What is wrong with her, Kyone?" Mihoshi asks as she tries not to be noticed by 
Ayeka's searching glare.

" Ryoko, probably did something again..." answered Kyone

" Really like that time she sewed her bedding to the floor pinning her there all 
morning or like..."

" If she this mad it must be something far worse then that, we better get 
going..."

" Okay, Why are we leaving again?" Mihoshi face becomes that of a bewildered 
child and Kyone ears seem to emit steam.

" Never mind, lets go!" yells Kyone.

" Sasami, where is that devil women?" Ayeka demands of her as she cleans up what 
is left of breakfast though the significance of two full plates seems to be 
beyond her comprehension.

" Who?" Sasami asks impatiently waiting for Ayeka to use Ryoko's proper name.

" Sasami, you know full well who, Ryoko," Ayeka practically spats out as she 
fumes at the fact that Sasami would correct something so trivial as that 
monster's name.

" Oh... Ryoko went into Washu's lab earlier today...though her, Tenchi, nor 
Mayuka came down for dinner. I was a little concerned but since Tenchi was up 
earlier then usual today, I thought maybe he went to sleep in with Mayuka.'

" Very well," says Ayeka as she stomps to the door of Washu's lab and opens it 
to find only a storage closet. In addition, nailed to the inside of the door is 
a little note. She opens it up and her eyes grow wide as she reads.

Note:

To whom it may concern (most likely Ayeka):

I, Washu the Greatest scientific genius in the galaxy, am taking a vacation. 
Since my daughter has left, I will be out for a while also. Nothing you will 
need shall be done by me, as I am not here. Oh, and if this is not Ayeka, please 
have a nice day. Other wise, Ayeka I am sorry.

Washu

P.S. I will be returning at the end of summer.

" Well, isn't that peculiar..." Ayeka contemplates the inner meaning of the note 
then her face brightens completely," Ryoko and Washu are gone. Tenchi is all to 
myself. Finally, I will be able to love Tenchi and he will not feel bad because 
they are not here... Tenchi!" Ayeka calls from the stairs as she walks up them. 
He must be taking care of Mayuka now that that monster women is gone... she goes 
into Mayuka's room and finds it empty of everything that said a child lived 
there... Ayeka starts to move faster as the panic that something untoward has 
happened. She stops outside Tenchi's door and knocks loudly," Tenchi, is Mayuka 
with you?" She opens the door and her face is looks like a man just walked over 
her grave. " Oh...no. Tenchi has been kidnapped... damn Washu and Ryoko being 
gone..." Then she thinks about the problem," Ryoko must have been a imposter 
this morning... the fake took Washu, Ryoko, Tenchi, and Mayuka... that explains 
the look of panic when she had Mayuka in her arms and I stopped her... I must 
tell Katsuhito and the others, the proof is in his room." Ayeka leaves Tenchi's 
room opened so that all could see the carnage that was his room. 

" Sasami," yells Ayeka from the up stairs of the house.

Sasami comes running as she hears the anguish in her voice as if it was life and 
death and she stops and looks at the tears running down Ayeka's face. " Ayeka, 
what is it?"

" Tenchi is gone." Ayeka looks at her sisters face searching for an answer 
otherwise, "He has been taken from us his room is in a shambles so is Mayuka's. 
I think they took him and Mayuka. I am not sure if they took Washu or Ryoko but 
Washu note smells fishy to me. We must go tell Katsuhito right away." Both Ayeka 
and Sasami race to the shrine to see Katsuhito sitting on the shine steps 
enjoying the view of the trees. " Katsuhito, Tenchi and the others, Washu, 
Ryoko, and Mayuka are all gone..."

" Calm yourself Ayeka. What is this all about?" Katsuhito looks at Ayeka sternly 
as if looking at an erring child. 

" Grandfather, Tenchi is gone and his room is in a shambles..." Sasami Tells 
Katsuhito as she catches her breathe.

" Tenchi wouldn't just leave his room like that but that could mean much more 
then he was kidnapped, hmmm... perhaps he just went out with the others."

" Washu left a note saying she was gone and wouldn't be back until the end of 
summer and Ryoko, at least I think it was Ryoko, trick me this morning to come 
out to the shrine with a panicked expression on her face. And Washu also stated 
that Ryoko had left and didn't add when she would be back if she would be back."

" Yes very peculiar indeed." Katsuhito nods as if agree with himself. A tall 
elderly woman comes into view from the shrine, she seems oddly familiar to the 
rest of them especially the eyes but doesn't seem to be anyone anybody here can 
identify. She is wearing an old style kimono black with cherry blossoms pattern 
on the front as if they were flowing with the wind, also a red sash tied around 
her waist snugly, she looks fifty or so and seems to have the grace of a ballet 
dancer as she walks to the group and looks fiercely at Katsuhito. 

" Who is this, Katsuhito?" Ayeka says after she has recovered from her entrance. 
Katsuhito looks at her and scratches the back of his head.

" Umm...well... this is Kimiko," starts to shift on his feet as if uncomfortable 
about the whole thing," She will be staying with me at the shrine for a while 
until she has come to peace with herself. Kimiko, this is Sasami and Ayeka." He 
motions to each, then goes back to sweeping the shrine.

" Pleased to meet you Kimiko, I would like to welcome you to our home..." she 
looks at Katsuhito and growls slightly," Katsuhito would you come back here 
please we still haven't finished yet..."

Katsuhito looks up at Ayeka and says in a steady yet firm voice," It does no 
good to worry about it, Ayeka, either Tenchi is fine and he will be back or..."

" Or he could be hurt, kidnapped, even dead now..."

" Ayeka..."

" I swear I'll get them and rescue Tenchi from..."

" Ayeka..."

" Then they will regret they tampered with a love..."

" Ayeka!" exclaims Katsuhito," Tenchi can take care of himself even if he were 
in danger how do you suggest we find him? Your Ryo-oh is not in any condition to 
fly, with out the master key I cannot command my ship to send out a distress 
signal, with Mihoshi and Kyone out on patrol we cannot do anything until their 
return."

Sasami looks sternly at her sister," Katsuhito is right, Ayeka, we will have to 
wait until Mihoshi and Kyone return. Now come on we can wait at the house until 
they return and have some tea." Sasami stops mid drag and turns to Kimiko who 
doesn't seem to be confused by the situation at all," Would you like some tea, 
Kimiko?"

" How can I not except such a gracious invitation, especially from a cute young 
lady, Sasami," Kimiko says and smiles after she sees Sasami blush at the 
compliment.

" Well this way then, Kimiko..." Sasami starts to drag Ayeka who seems not to 
know what to do at the moment and really wanting to cry out for someone to do 
something. Finally, when in the door Ayeka began to move under her own power and 
sits to wait for the tea and Mihoshi.

Mean while in a further part of the galaxy...

" Mihoshi, how did you get us off course this time!" Kyone growls at her partner 
Mihoshi who is frantically trying to correct their course. Suddenly there 
sensors goes off and begins tracking a small vessel heading out of the system at 
a velocity that exceeds the speed limit inside this particular solar system. " 
What is the matter with those idiots? Don't they know that there are pockets of 
hydrogen gas all over this system..." a brilliant flash of light as a hydrogen 
pocket was set off by the passing ship though it didn't seem to have a effect on 
it at all. " Mihoshi, identify that vessel... quickly!"

"Ummm... I am trying; Kyone but there is this button and that button. Maybe this 
one..." as she presses the button the course of the ship is corrected and they 
start moving out of the system. "I did it!"

" Mihoshi!!! You were suppose to press this button to identify the ship," Kyone 
presses a blue button on the console and the ship comes on the display," Oh, it 
is just Ryoko. She is probably out on a pleasure cruise or something... lets 
hail her to see what she is up to."

"Roger that... This is the Yagami to Ryo-ohki..." Mihoshi deftly sends the 
communication with the years of practice she has had doing so.

" This is Ryoko, what's up?" 

" That's strange... the view screen is black but I can hear Ryoko's voice... 
could it be Ryoko's... Ryoko's..." she looks at Kyone," Ghost."

" Mihoshi! She is communicating audio only!"

" Oh, really, Kyone. Ok, what is audio only?" Kyone falls down into a chair.

" Forget it." Over the COM Ryoko is laughing," Ryoko, we were wondering if your 
lost or could use assistance, also could you please maneuver around the gas 
pockets."

" I am on vacation and sure can, I think... Ryo-ohki, maneuver around the gas 
pockets, would you?"

An enthusiastic," Miya!" comes over the COM at the same time the ship starts to 
weave around the gas at the same speeds as before.

" Thank you, Ryoko, how long you planning on being gone?"

" Until the end of summer, I hope. They will need you guys at home soon though 
it will seem lonely with two people gone. Ryoko out." Ryo-ohki takes off at 
higher speeds and out of communications range before Kyone could ask further.

" I wonder what she meant by two people being gone."

" Maybe she kidnapped, Tenchi." Mihoshi said thoughtfully as they reached the 
end of the system.

" Nah, you full of it, Mihoshi. Where would you get a full hardy idea like 
that?"

" I don't know," as Mihoshi starts to file a report away about the encounter, 
she skips over the life signatures detected in Ryo-ohki. One was definitely 
Ryoko the other seemed Jurian.

" Well, lets get home or we'll be late for our bath and Sasami hates it when we 
are late for dinner."

" Roger that Kyone. Setting course and initiating star drive." Kyone started to 
pray as they reached full velocity. And they came out of the drive right outside 
of the earth.

" Ok, Mihoshi I don't feel like asking Washu to fix the ship today so I am going 
to pilot it down." As she said this she went to the controls and descended 
before Mihoshi could say or do anything they had landed. Kyone disembarked along 
with Kyone and headed directly for the onsen before anyone could see the ship 
Mihoshi pulled out her cube and sent it to sub space. " I can't wait for a good 
bath."

" Kyone, can we go to karaoke tonight?"

Kyone groans then settles into the hot waters of the bathing pool, as she 
relaxes she smiles at Mihoshi," Sure, we can take everyone too. I have been 
needing something to relieve the stress that is my life, besides we really 
haven't seen very much of anyone here, they may think we are trying to avoid 
them or something." Just then Kyone turns to her partner and notices she is 
under water and not paying any attention to what she is saying. Kyone groans 
again then smiles as Mihoshi gasps for air upon resurfacing. 
" You cluts, you aren't suppose to breath under water, Mihoshi."



"There is always a first time for everything, Kyone." Kyone looks stunned, as 
she was not expecting an intelligent answer from Mihoshi, then doesn't think 
about it any further. A half an hour goes by and they leave the onsen to go to 
dinner, when they spot Ayeka sitting outside the house staring at the sky.

Mihoshi walks up behind Ayeka and asks," What you looking for, Ayeka?"

" Oh, just waiting for... when did you two get back? We must hurry... there 
isn't a moment to loose." Ayeka grabs both of them and carries them into the 
house at speeds unimaginably fast into the kitchen, there they stop long enough 
for Kyone to say something... Ayeka ignores this and runs even faster to the 
shrine. 

"Katsuhito... where is that old man now? Always lost when you want to find 
him..." Ayeka walks up and opens the shrine doors. " Katsuhito..." Ayeka looks 
around nervously at first," Katsuhito?" Ayeka jumps as a hand reaches out and 
shakes her from behind.

" Yes, Ayeka," Katsuhito says with a smile," What is it?"

" Kyone and Mihoshi are here we can go and get Tenchi, Ryoko, Mayuka from the 
clutches of whomever kidnapped them..."

Kyone takes Ayeka in full rage and yells," What the hell is going on here?"

Ayeka a bit taken aback from the angry attention Kyone usually saves for Mihoshi 
then begins to narrate her particular take on the recent events that have taken 
place and how she would like Kyone and Mihoshi's help in tracking down Tenchi, 
and that there was not any time to lose.

Kyone looks at Ayeka and says," We just finish talking with Ryoko. She didn't 
seem to have any problems and other then being her usual self nothing seemed out 
of the ordinary. She did say that it was going to be lonely here with two people 
gone. I don't know what she meant and couldn't ask as she went out of 
communications range with the Yagami. She also said that she would be back at 
the end of summer."

" Um, Kyone?"

" Yes, Mihoshi?"

" When are we going to take a bath?" Kyone palm goes to her forehead in a 
resounding smack.

" Tenchi. Ryoko, and Washu are missing and all you can think of is when we are 
going to bathe." Kyone shakes her head then looks back to Ayeka," Well, Ayeka, 
we know the general direction they went in but that is not a guarantee we will 
find them," Kyone smiles as Ayeka's eyes go from pleading to rage," but I can 
see to what we can do."

Ayeka along with everyone else with the exception of Katsuhito and Kimiko join 
Mihoshi and Kyone on their chase of the space pirate Ryoko and Tenchi. As the 
ship takes off, Katsuhito shakes his head.

" I hope Tenchi has a good explanation."

" Don't worry, you old fool." Kimiko's image shimmers away in the sun set to be 
replaced by Washu's adult features," They will come back. Katsuhito, are you 
going to make me suffer with an elderly friend or am I going to dinner with 
Yosho tonight." Washu smiles as Katsuhito image shimmers away much like hers 
did," Now, that is what I like to see."



"Ryoko!," yells Tenchi as Ryo-ohki swears left and right through volleys of 
lasers coming from Yagami class ships.

"Yes, my Tenchi?" Ryoko responds with an evil grin.

" What did you do this time?" Tenchi groans as he rolls into another of Ryo-
ohki's walls Mayuka giggles as her futon slowly side to side.

" Me, nothing," Ryoko says nonchalantly," Is it my fault that they have a 
grudge?"

" What do you mean a grudge?"

" Those aren't galaxy police officers. I was pardoned remember."

" Yeah, I know you were pardoned by Funaho. So who are these guys then."

" Just some space scum that need to be put in there place," Ryoko falls from the 
controls as another blast rocks the ship," That is it!" Ryoko gets to the 
controls and Ryo-ohki turns and charges the pursuing ships. There is a brilliant 
flash of light as Ryo-ohki fires as well as collides with several of their 
ships. The surviving vessels change their heading and proceed to leave the area 
at a frantic pace. Ryoko collapses back into her chair and starts to breathe 
heavily with excitement as well as exhaustion.

Tenchi goes to pick up the giggling Mayuka," Daddy," she hugs him," Do it again! 
That was fun, daddy." Tenchi shakes his head and walks over to the seat Ryoko is 
still sitting in catching her breathe.

" Ryoko, are you..." interrupted by Ryoko sudden movement and her lips covering 
his suddenly.

Ryoko pulls away and blushes brightly. Mayuka giggles again," Mommy and daddy 
are red."

" Ryoko..." Tenchi sounds annoyed," what was that all about?"

" You don't get the reputation as the best space pirate in the galaxy without 
stepping on some other pirate's territory sometimes. If it was the kiss your 
asking about I felt like kissing you, and as a space pirate I take what I want," 
she grinned evilly at Tenchi.

" Now, Ryoko," Tenchi starts to back away," Not while I am holding Mayuka..."

Tenchi turns white when he sees Mayuka jump from his arms," Don't worry bout me 
Daddy. Grandma said there were some great games on the computer." Mayuka walks 
over to the consul.

Tenchi turns and watches dumfounded and slack jawed by his daughters 
abandonment, then he remembers Ryoko and turns to see her grin grow wider and 
her fangs seem to become very predatory to Tenchi," Now, Ryoko," he takes a few 
steps back, and a few more after Ryoko matches his step," Can we talk about 
this?" 

Tenchi notices that his back is against a wall and staring at his predator. He 
smiles nervously," Come on, Ryoko, you promised."

" You should have known that a space pirate doesn't keep her word." She tackles 
him and tickles him.

" Ryoko... hahaha... stop... stop it!" Tenchi laughs and tries to gain the upper 
hand on Ryoko. Ryoko allows Tenchi some time to recover while he pins her to the 
ground," There I got you."

" Do you think you have me or do I have you, huh, Tenchi?" Ryoko grins widely. 
Tenchi blushes at the tone it was said in and the position that suggested she 
allowed him to have the position," You are in a good mood, but I would never do 
anything of the sort in front of our daughter."

Tenchi falls over as Ryoko teleports next to Mayuka to see what she is playing. 
Damn... Tenchi think to himself... I couldn't leave well enough alone. Now what 
do I do... nothing do nothing think nothing be nothing. It will pass... Tenchi 
goes to sit in a chair in his room quietly contemplating his first kiss.


" I don't care what you have to do just do it!" a annoyed bellow comes from the 
Emperor Azuha," I have been waiting long enough. What are doing on the current 
situation?"

" My dear Emperor, I am doing my best considering the situation with the subject 
in question," an elegant man wearing a Academy uniform and a pair of rather 
thick glasses says as if he himself is more annoyed with it then anyone could 
possibly be," the subject has many abilities that make it hard to approach also 
the idea of hurting the subject is out of the question," he removes his glasses 
revealing a very handsome face with dark blue eyes, his face framed by reddish 
brown hair that spike up sharply in several places. He sighs then continues," 
The trouble is if we want the subject to come willingly, we must provide 
adequate bait. And I am afraid that nothing will add up to what is already 
there."

" I don't want to hear that. There has to be something or someone that can get 
her to return, Rilin."

" Yes, well..." he stands thoughtful for a moment," Perhaps..." he smiles to 
himself as he lets the silence sink.

"Perhaps?"

" Perhaps you should get a person stronger then the boy..."

" I know that!" Azuha yells close to a rage that is making his vales wince.

" Yes, well, there isn't anyone stronger then him yet."

" What do you mean yet?"

Rilin smiles at his solution," Allow me to make your bait. Science has advanced 
a long way since Washu was at the academy although she is the main reason I can 
hope to succeed."

"Make?"

" Engineer, create, or construct whichever word would be preferable to yourself. 
I can manipulate the DNA and RNA of a subject to construct a stronger being."

" Is there a risk of it becoming too strong for you to control doctor?"

" Zero risk, sir. The means of control will be a small chip inserted near the 
cerebral cortex, the device acts as an inhibitor discouraging inappropriate 
behaviors by electronically sending electromagnetic pulses into the cortex 
causing paralysis and momentary unconsciousness. If the subject prove to 
unreliable then it will further research into the field."

" Yes, well. You may choose one subject for your experiment," Azuha turns dark 
and sinister," Don't fail me, Rilin."

Rilin bows and takes leave of the throne room. On the outside of the doors he 
speaks quietly to himself," I won't have any problems with failing you, Azuha. 
My power will be greater then your own." A hideous laughter erupts from the 
scientist as he continues to his lab.

" What to do, what to do..." Rilin looks at his assistant," The computers can 
take care of the transformation. All you have to do is press the resequencing 
button here," he point to a big shiny red button," Tomorrow morning. After that, 
pray that this is a success otherwise we will not be in such a prestigious 
position or place the day after." Rilin steps into one of the tubes as the 
sequence of the machines starts to initiate," Remember tomorrow."

The assistant walks out of the room and smiles," Rilin, finally gets his wish."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well that is the end of that. If you liked it cool, if you didn't cool, but 
either way I need input for my next written work and maybe a few revisions on 
this one. All comments and constructive criticism are welcome. Send all mail to 
Lunatic_dies@excite.com 

Next time on Tenchi Muyo! Tenchi contemplating his destiny with a women, and who 
is this Rilin guy anyway. Does Ayeka catch up with Tenchi? All and all should be 
a good episode. See you there!
