ALL THE BELOW CHARACTERS BELONG TO SOMEONE ELSE AND I AM HUMBLE ENOUGH TO SAY 
THAT I COULD NOT THINK THEM UP MYSELF, SO IF ANY RICH MAN WANTS TO WASTE THEIR 
MONEY AND SUE ME, PLEASE DO WHAT YOU FEEL IS RIGHT. HOWEVER THIS STORY IS ALL 
MINE AND MY IMAGINATION, INCLUDING ANY NEW CHARACTERS I MAY HAVE INTRODUCED.

OK, I have read some of the other fanfic authors' work and they usually go into 
a spiel here about their works and apologize the inconsistency in their work. 
But since I don't believe in apologizing for anything I do or misspell or even 
misquote so I won't but what I will do is tell you not to expect anything of my 
works because I did this for fun not publishing and I am only sharing it to see 
what input you internet lunatics can tell me what worked for you and what 
didn't. If you're a fanatic I am sorry to say you might not like any of this 
work since I am not the biggest fan of much but I do know a great deal about 
Tenchi Muyo and the other series that followed. Oh yeah a time line....hmmmm.... 
well this probably is set after the first O.A.V. series and the first movie 
though with some incorporation of Tenchi in Tokyo, and without any further a 
due, the story begins.

-------------------------------------------------------------------



No need for an introduction!



Tenchi wipes the sweat from his brow and looks at Katsuhito. His not playing 
around, Tenchi thinks to himself as he parries yet another injury waiting to 
happen. Tenchi and Katsuhito have been at practice for the better part of an 
hour.
"Tenchi, why aren't you giving up...eh, Tenchi?" says Katsuhito in a gruff voice 
as he does a flurry of thrusts. " How are the girls been doing? Ryoko still 
waking your in the morning, Tenchi." Katsuhito knocks Tenchi sword out the way 
while Tenchi's face turns crimson, then thrust for the finish. 

Tenchi rolls under the thrust then moves a distant to Katsuhito," How do you 
know...," Suddenly Tenchi ducks as Katsuhito slashes across the open air where 
his chest used to be.

" That does not matter how I know, Tenchi, a warrior is to be aware of his 
surroundings at all times." He backs off slowly changing to a defensive stance 
as Tenchi thrusts and slashes to provide himself with enough room to respond.

" Yeah, well, it wouldn't be the same if I didn't see those bloodshot amber eyes 
in the morning," he parries then pushes for an opening to finish the match. 
Tenchi backs up, then feels a set of displaced hands hug him then the body that 
those hands belong to appears and presses up against him.

"Oh, Tenchi, you mean it?" asked Ryoko lusty voice. Tenchi pushes Ryoko back. 
Then feels a sudden displacement, and they appear twenty feet away from the spot 
Katsuhito's bokken sliced the air.

"Tenchi..." Katsuhito said with a slight dissonance in his voice, "Seeing as to 
you having such a beautiful caller. You may leave practice early today, but you 
will be here tomorrow early, Tenchi." He nods to Ryoko before going into the 
shrine. 

"Ryoko," Tenchi groans," You got me in trouble with grandpa, Ryoko."

"Oh, Forget about that Tenchi," Ryoko says still holding onto Tenchi, "Well, did 
you mean it, Tenchi?" Ryoko lets go of Tenchi and looks at Tenchi in the eyes 
and waits.

"Err...Well, yeah, Ryoko it would be something I'd miss," Tenchi says a little 
startled that he actually found his voice and star to scratch the back of his 
head. He suddenly losses his breath as Ryoko engages in a strong unexpected hug.

" Oh, thank you, Tenchi," says Ryoko happily then teleports her and Tenchi to 
the dinner table still in the embrace.

"R...Ry..Ryoko... what are you doing to Tenchi. You let go of him this instant 
you space pirate. I never have seen a scene as revolting as just now and it is 
very inappropriate for you to do that to Lord Tenchi."

"Daddy... Daddy your home," Mayuka says with great enthusiasm and goes to hug 
Tenchi and smiles shyly at Ryoko then hugs her with the same enthusiasm, "Hi, 
mommy Ryoko." Ryoko smiles brightly at Mayuka as she has for the last two years. 
Ryoko has been Mayuka's main caregiver since Tenchi was usually in school and 
Ryoko was up most nights. 

" Hello, my Mayuka, see I told you I would get your daddy here on time," Ryoko 
says with great pride in herself, as if she is the only on who could have done 
it, then adds with a mischievous grin," Your Auntie Ayeka looks like she is 
ready to burst wide open from the jealousy of me and Tenchi being so close." 
Ryoko winks at Mayuka then sits down at the table in her usual place ignoring 
Ayeka.

Ayeka sits down next to Sasami and begins to simmer down with her anger knowing 
full well that if she were to press Ryoko for a fight Ryoko would kill her where 
she stands. Ryoko had told her the day Mayuka came into her life as a child she 
would reduce the princess to molten tar on the ground along with her guardians 
if she dare picked a fight with her while she was in the presence or holding 
Mayuka. At first Ayeka thought this was a bold boast in did, then she challenge 
Ryoko when she hadn't noticed that Ryoko was carrying Mayuka. Ryoko took the 
princess far away from the house and any possible observers and proceeded in 
turning hers guardians into kindling and reducing Ayeka's shielding and clothing 
to smoldering rags. "If you ever do that again I will make sure you don't walk 
away from it again," those words echo in her mind each and every time she 
considered picking a fight with Ryoko while in the presence of Mayuka. Washu had 
a horrendous time rebuilding the Guardians of Juria and still pesters Ayeka to 
tell her what happened to them every now and then.

Ayeka continues thinking about what she wants to do to Ryoko though does not 
voice any of her frustration with Ryoko other then grumbling and keeping her 
mouth full so as not to slip in front of Ryoko. Tenchi sits on the opposite side 
of the table of Ryoko and Ayeka. And Tenchi starts to eat, while praying against 
the fights that have been happening less frequently at the dinner table. The 
meal is finished just as Little Washu comes in and yawn then looks around at 
everyone. "I thought I wasn't getting enough sleep while working on my 
experiment, maybe I should scan you guys to see if you are sleeping well?" asks 
Washu with a wicked looking grin as if it meant that she was going to do her 
worst.

" Oh, little Washu, I didn't see you come in", says Tenchi as he considers 
whether or not to run as he scratches the back of his head.

" Yeah, whatever mom..." Ryoko says as she teleports to her usual spot in the 
rafters, and commences a catnap.

" Good ridden to bad rubbish", Ayeka comments under her breath after Ryoko steps 
out.

" What was that, Princess?" asks Washu while looking directly at her and pulling 
Tenchi attention to Ayeka rather the fact Ryoko just left.

" I said that..." Ayeka Looked at Tenchi then bit down on the remark that came 
to her lips," I am not feeling well I think I'll go to bed, now."

" Miss Ayeka, are you okay?"

" Yes Lord Tenchi I shall be fine."

Later on that night... Tenchi lies in bed and is looking up at the ceiling 
thinking about the way his life has turned out. Man, who would have thought I 
would be still alive after meeting so many beautiful women who can blow 
everything away in a blink of an eye. Yet I have yet to know why. What is it 
that I am supposed to do? Why am I supposed to do ? What is the path destiny has 
laid out for me? One things for sure, fate has a sense of humor. A knock sound 
at the door... oh, no it must be Ryoko or Washu he covers his head with a pillow 
while saying," Who is it?"

" Daddy," Mayuka's small voice barely penetrates the pillow. Mayuka? What could 
she want at this time of night, why isn't Ryoko watching her? " Daddy, 
please..." crying sounds echo in Tenchi's ears as the sound carries softly into 
the room. Tenchi runs to the door and open it. " Daddy there is something wrong 
with mommy..." Mayuka sobs into Tenchi's leg as she holds onto him. 

Upon hearing what Mayuka said, Tenchi mind goes through many emotion as he 
quickly takes Mayuka up into his arms and runs like the wind to Ryoko's bed in 
the rafters. Ryoko lies there quietly not moving, and seems not to be breathing 
from what Tenchi could see. " Ryoko?" Tenchi says quietly at first then goes to 
shake her," Ryoko", he says more loudly as he shakes her.

Ryoko looks into Kagato eyes as he shots at Tenchi," NOOOOOOO!!!" she yells as 
Tenchi falls down into a bloody pile. She rushes over to him," Ryoko... I... 
I...," Tenchi dies in her arms as blood comes from his lips to stain his chin in 
blood and his eyes fixate onto Ryoko as his body grows still. Ryoko raises her 
head and yells at the top of her lungs," Nooooooo!"

"It your turn, Ryoko," Kagato says as he turns his hand to her. "Ryoko.... 
Ryoko... Ryoko...", suddenly Ryoko wakes screaming, and fighting to get out of 
whoever is holding her. She hit the assailant once then notices Tenchi as he 
moans," Ryoko, you didn't have to hit me..." he grabs his eye as he thinks how 
he is going to come up with an explanation to the others if they come down for 
his bruised eye.

"Tenchi...," Ryoko grabs Tenchi and hugs him as she starts to breakdown in his 
arms.

"What the matter Ryoko?" asks a stunned and bewildered Tenchi. Ryoko doesn't 
respond she just continues to cry there until she falls asleep there. After a 
while Tenchi notice that Ryoko breathing slows and she seems to be better. 
"Ryoko, are you okay?" After several moment of silence Tenchi finally gets up 
the nerve and pulls her chin up so as to see if she is awake and doesn't want to 
break the hold. " Ryoko... she is asleep..." Tenchi in sudden remembrance of 
Mayuka looks around for her. He finds her standing by him in the rafters while 
he is lying there with his arms rapt around Ryoko.

"Daddy, is mommy ok?" asks Mayuka looking very concerned for Ryoko.

"Yes, she'll be fine in the morning. Did you want anything, Mayuka?" 

Mayuka smiles," No, Daddy, I didn't want anything but a glass of water."

" Well, I guess you can get it yourself then go to bed, ok?"

" Yes, Daddy." Mayuka dashes off quickly as if Tenchi might change his mind any 
moment. Tenchi sits there and looks at Ryoko. Why don't you let her do some 
things herself Ryoko, You spoil her too much. 

"Tenchi," Ryoko whispers in her sleep and slightly tightens her hold on him. 
Ryoko you are the strangest women I have ever met... you don't listen to 
anyone... a voice echoes in his head...I'll do it for you, Tenchi... you do what 
you want even if it is dangerous or risky... I would do anything for, my 
Treasure, my whole world... you don't even try to get along with Ayeka... I 
tried but Tenchi... What a carnival my life has turned out with you around, I'll 
always miss that... If you wait long enough Tenchi the carnival will return... 
Tenchi notices that his hand seems to be absently feeling the soft skin on 
Ryoko's face and cheeks. She was cute... How could you do that to a lady... A 
smile appears on his face as he thinks about the first time they met and she 
blow up the school. It took a lot of time for the school to be rebuilt he got a 
couple months off until the school started again. Ryoko, you are the wildest 
person that has ever been here I don't think I would ever want you...Wait a 
minute Tenchi stop that you can't get attached to any of them, choosing one 
would mean hurting the others. Tenchi pulls his hand away... I can't do that I 
can't hurt any of them... Tenchi, I will beat her in the fairest of fight for 
your heart... Tenchi, I'm sorry... Tenchi sees in his mind Ryoko hurt look after 
each time she has apologized to him or received an ill word from him... I hate 
you...Ryoko, no more monkey business... Ryoko, stop it (slap)... the visions 
start to tear at him. "I am sorry Ryoko. I have hurt you the most, by my words 
and deeds... you still love me through all that." A voice comes into his head 
again... I would do anything for you, Tenchi... I will win your heart... My 
greatest treasure... My Tenchi... Tenchi tries to move away from Ryoko in a 
hasty retreat before his regret and other emotions, he can't quiet identify, 
start to twist in on him. He falls over the side of the railing hitting the 
ground in a resounding thud... I hope no one heard that... Tenchi then notices 
that Ryoko is there on top of him and waking.

Ryoko eyes open and she smiles... I must be dreaming Tenchi is here and hugging 
me... Ryoko face turns red then into curiosity as she realizes she not 
dreaming," Tenchi?"

" Um... Ryoko are you alright?" Tenchi asks nervously as he starts to release 
Ryoko.

"Why wouldn't I be?" Ryoko eyes begin to narrow as she thinks Washu better not 
have done anything.

" Well, We kind of fell," Tenchi points to the rafter as he scrambles to get 
into a standing position as he thinks about the last person who had tried to 
drop Ryoko. Ryoko looks at the rafters then begins to think for a moment...

"Tenchi last time I check you sleep in your room, correct?"

" Um.... Well... I kind of woke you earlier from a nightmare."

Ryoko looks puzzled for a moment then looks closely at Tenchi's face, "What 
happen Tenchi?" Ryoko's face turns to total concern as she looks into Tenchi's 
eyes.

"Huh?"

Ryoko comes closer focusing on the black eye she had given him," Who gave you 
that... I'll tear them apart," Ryoko starts to swear and points at Tenchi eye as 
her anger starts to build at Tenchi ignorance on that account.

It dawns on Tenchi," Oh this," as he points to his eye," It was given to me by a 
space pirate after a fierce nightmare." Tenchi smile fades when he sees Ryoko 
stricken look on her face then starts to worry what it means.

Ryoko bows her head and starts to clench her fist as a tear travels down her 
face," I am sorry, Tenchi." Ryoko fades out of existence and reappears near the 
cave she sits there alone in the dark...


Tenchi scratches the back of his head, "What am I going to do? I'll apologize 
tomorrow I guess, I really wish I knew what I did to upset her this time."

"I can answer that, Tenchi." Washu steps out of the darkness behind Tenchi and 
smiles as he jumps and realizes he was speaking out loud. Then the look changes 
to fright," Tenchi you run and I'll do my worse besides you ask a very good 
question, Tenchi, don't you want to know what you can do about Ryoko? Hmmmm."

"Mmm... well, yes, I think so."

" Marry her, Tenchi," Washu smiles as Tenchi turns dead white and faints to the 
ground, Well if that was all I had to do to get you to lie still, I should have 
done it years ago. Washu's hand lift up and start to type and Tenchi disappears.

Washu sits at her terminal and types away entering all the relevant variables 
and mumbling to herself," If she had called me mom she would have Tenchi years 
ago. Humph, as the data reads she is losing him. I wonder if Tenchi knows what 
she plans on doing when he finally does decides. It might not be her he chooses, 
he could end up with Ayeka, well I guess my daughter will leave with a smile on 
her face, but then commit suicide in space as she planned since the beginning of 
this long wait."

Tenchi starts to come to when he notices that he is on a table similar to an 
operating table. oh no, I am in Washu's lab what's she going to do to me this 
time. Then Tenchi notices that Washu is typing and talking to herself. What did 
she just say? I know she said something a suicide and long wait but I can't 
catch anything else. "Hello, little Washu." Tenchi stands up and away from the 
table and looks around. The lab is rather dark today, come to think about it 
Washu been spending less time here lately and more with Ryoko and Mayuka. I have 
to thank her for that just as soon as I get out of here. Tenchi walks to the 
place where Washu's dimensional door is and attempts to open it.

" I locked it, Tenchi, No one can enter here until we are finished, Tenchi." 
Washu calls from the corner of her lab and waves him over. Tenchi proceeds ever 
so slowly to where Washu sits. " Well don't take all day. I don't bite unless 
you want me to?" she asks with a hopeful look then the look is gone replaced by 
a read less smile that doesn't provide any warmth, when he shakes his head no.

" What do you want, little Washu?" Tenchi asks nervously and looks around like a 
trapped animal that Washu was going to experiment on.

"Well, you asked the question I would now give you an answer." Washu smiles 
impishly.

" What?" Everything comes back to him a few minutes before he fell unconscious." 
Did you mean that about having to marry Ryoko?" he asked yearning to know but 
also yearning not to know, like the answer was going to be equally painful no 
matter the answer. Washu nodded.  Tenchi looked at her stricken." Washu, what do 
you mean by that?"

" Tenchi, haven't you noticed the number of girls that are vying for your 
affection as well as attention? Haven't you ever thought about what they are 
feeling waiting hoping that you'll pick them? Tenchi, you have to choose and 
choose soon or you risk losing all of them. I don't give a damn anymore who you 
choose whether its my daughter, Ayeka," she paused and then smiled at the 
unlikelihood of the next candidates," Mihoshi, Kyone, or even Sasami."

"What about you, Little Washu?" Tenchi asked amazed that she didn't even get a 
spot on the list. Washu walks up to Tenchi and transforms into her adult form, 
before Tenchi could react or even move she kissed him on the lips then smiles 
again at his stunned look.

" Now, Tenchi you shouldn't be hitting on your future mother in law," Washu 
changes back to her original child like form," Besides, I am not on the list 
because I am not available any more, nor do I have the sheer energy it takes to 
chase you, Tenchi. I am happy here with my family and that will always be enough 
for me. But, is it enough for you, Tenchi? Do you want to know that sooner or 
later that the whole family is going to move on without you? Ayeka, is going to 
be called back to Jurai soon enough whether she likes it or not. Ryoko, tore 
herself inside out trying to please you Tenchi, though she may not know how to 
express herself in a manner acceptable to your culture she is a loving person to 
you and your daughter, she can't keep remaking herself for you Tenchi, her free 
spirit will leave her, and that what you like most about her, isn't it Tenchi... 
her free spirit? When Ayeka goes so will Mihoshi and Kyone there won't be any 
need for galaxy police here with out the princess. When that happens I won't be 
needed here either so I will go back to my life to rebuild it, since my family 
won't be my entire world anymore. Ryoko will follow me soon after to return to 
space and complete what she has planned for a while now. You will be alone again 
Tenchi. You will have your peace and quiet again Tenchi."

Tenchi stares at Washu after her unusual outburst. And started to think again 
about his situation with the other girls, images come to his mind of each one of 
them... Will you protect us Tenchi-sama... oh, thank you, for saving my life... 
Seeing Mihoshi alive makes me so very mad, I mean so very glad... Why do I have 
to go through such humiliation... Um, I'll do you a favor if you do one for 
me... Good Morning, Tenchi... Please, would you call me, LITTLE WASHU... It was 
nothing for the greatest scientific genius in the galaxy... I love you, daddy... 
So, what do you think, How do I look?... R..yo...ko that's my name... No, 
please, spare him... She going to kill you Tenchi... oh, forget about that 
Tenchi... Tenchi is mine... My Tenchi... I'll do anything for you Tenchi...

"Hey your really in dream land, aren't you?" asks Washu as she stands staring at 
Tenchi as he jump from the sound of her voice. How long was I standing here he 
asks himself then smiles nervously as the greatest scientist in the galaxy 
stands there waiting for him to respond.

"Yeah, well, I had a lot to think about," says Tenchi while scratching the back 
of his head," What do you think I should do, Washu?"

" I think you should not ask me that Question, I am unfortunately not the 
greatest genius where it come to matter of the heart, there is one person who 
could help you answer that though..."

" Who, Little Washu?"

" Well, Tenchi, have you ever considered going in to a Jarikat?"

" No, what is that Little Washu?"

" Tenchi, you can just call me Washu, Understand," she smiles as she sheds her 
child like disguise and Tenchi starts to twitch nervously," Don't worry, Tenchi, 
it is about time I looked like I am an adult with a daughter and I think I am 
ready now to become a part of your family. Tenchi, the Jarikat is an ancient 
ritual of visions."

"How will having a vision help?"

" I said the ritual was a vision quest in actuality it is a way of looking into 
your own mind and finding your answers though it is sort of dangerous to do it. 
It may be worth it to you, seeing as you are the one who can't make up his mind 
one way or the other."

" Washu, what do you mean its dangerous? Do you mean I might die??" Tenchi looks 
at Washu concerned and a little apprehensive of the answer he might hear.

" I would never let that happen, Tenchi. The ritual itself isn't all that 
complicated. It requires fasting, delusional narcotics and a few other things 
like a place that has a temperature of oh, 130 degrees in temperature. The 
tricky part is that you have to prepare to accept anything you see as the truth 
because if you don't it will prove to be your undoing Tenchi, your body will be 
fine but your mind won't come back out of it, Tenchi."

" What!" Tenchi looks at Washu as he takes it all the information she had just 
given him in words almost anyone could understand and knew she was dead serious 
about. Tenchi started going over everything she had said again. There is one 
person who can help... You will be alone again... Those two thoughts kept 
repeating to him through his mind and echoed through his being. I have to find a 
way to protect the girls, even if it is just from myself. " Ok, Washu, you will 
be able to set it up tomorrow night cant you?" After she nods a affirmative he 
goes to the door and looks back," See you then, Washu." Tenchi smiles weakly at 
her as he exit the room. 

Tenchi thoughts turned elsewhere to Ryoko. Tenchi walks back into the lab. " 
Washu, Where Ryoko?"

Washu smiles for a moment then frowns as she feels Ryoko thoughts coming to her 
link," What did you do to her, Tenchi?"

" I told her she gave me this," Tenchi points to his eye and the purple mark 
still there.

" Well, she is very upset at herself right now. I don't think it is a good idea 
to go to her right now." Washu picks up an instrument from a tray and absently 
erases Tenchi purple eye from existence so that it will looks normal. " There, 
can't have the others chasing after Ryoko for that. Their liable to get 
themselves killed if they do that right now." Tenchi grimaces for a moment, and 
then looks at Washu very seriously.

" Washu, please tell me where Ryoko is I need to tell her something important 
and it can't wait any longer." Tenchi eyes plead with her and Washu shakes her 
head as she resigns herself to tell him.

" Ok, she is in the cave." Washu raises her eyebrow as soon as she notices 
Tenchi no longer there. Maybe I was wrong maybe Ryoko has a better chance then I 
thought. She smiles inwardly at herself. After all she is my creation besides 
the fact is none of the other girls could have made it because of their own 
abilities or lack there of, their personality, their work, or just the fact that 
marriage in the family is considered taboo here on earth. My research on earth 
is going well then I suppose. Washu starts to type in more and more data into 
the computer compiling the information as soon as she thinks of it.


Chapter 2

Ryoko looks up at the cave and around her. Thinking to herself...well things 
finally went full circle I never wanted to return here again. Damn it, Tenchi, 
why can't you make up your blasted mind. I have been doing every thing I can 
think of to let you know how much I care. I took care of Mayuka at first just to 
get a kind word from you every once in a while, after a while I took care of her 
because she was my Daughter, too. I don't come around as often as I used to, 
Tenchi, to watch you wake in the morning... she laughs out loud at the thought 
of Tenchi face in the morning... I don't fight with Ayeka as much anymore. What 
more can I do... a voice echoes in her head, Ryoko, all I want is peace and 
quite... peace and quite, eh? I think that would get very boring in very little 
time though I suppose it is possible that is what he really wants... I really 
wish I were not alone in this world. Ryoko tears start to fall again as she 
looks at the cave then the area in front of the cave and sees Tenchi as a child 
playing with her. The day Tenchi's mother died he cried on her lap right where 
she was sitting now... I tried to comfort him I did...Now what am I suppose to 
do, Ayeka is making more head way with Tenchi then I am...Tenchi will probably 
marry her instead of me... then I will just follow my plan, I'll wish them 
farewell and go to the far ends of the galaxy and die like I have planned from 
the beginning... Damn her...Ryoko mind races over the possibilities and her 
emotions start to creep into her. It starts to rain outside though Ryoko takes 
little notice of the water. I wish I could get Tenchi alone with me. Our first 
date was special for me even if Sakuya ruined the memory of it by taking... 
Great now I'm ranting about Ugi. She is not even a threat anymore. Think Ryoko 
think. Ryoko splits herself into Ryoko and Zero Ryoko.

" Well, this is a fine mess, you hit Tenchi." Says Zero Ryoko looking very 
concerned.

" I know that, I got a good close up look at it, I want to know what you think?" 
Ryoko smiles at Zero Ryoko.

" I know as much about Tenchi as you do. I think we should go apologize for 
hitting him and accept the consequences although we might consider taking him 
away for a while to do so." Zero Ryoko smiles at her idea so like her half and 
unlike at the same time.
" Yeah, I guess but how? Tenchi won't just leave at least not without saying 
goodbye to everyone first and we know what Ayeka would do if we did."
" She probably kill us just for suggesting it, she is a real prude that way. 
There is another alternative, don't ask Tenchi. Take him like the pirate you 
are."
" No, I've tried that it just makes Tenchi run and Mayuka would have to come 
with us anyways."
Both Ryokos start to contemplate the situation and look as perfect mirrors of 
each other with their fist under their chins and their legs crossed. " True, 
enough the only thing to do then is ask Tenchi and take him directly after 
asking, along with Mayuka. Besides he did promise to tour the galaxy with you, 
perhaps it is time to remind him."
" I agree. There isn't any harm in asking but how? When? I don't know if I could 
ask if I wanted to and you're no good around him either." Ryoko smiles as Zero 
Ryoko blushes brightly. The sound of rustling sound through the bushes near them 
came to their ears before Tenchi bursts through the bushes. Tenchi turns and 
sees two Ryokos and his eyes grow wide as they both tackle him in an embrace of 
a hug
In unison," Hi, Tenchi!" Tenchi scrambles to escape from the Ryokos hug when he 
is finally free, he looked from one to the other. Wait a minute that Ryoko looks 
familiar, yet different somehow... he shrugs his shoulders as Ryoko merges with 
her other half. " Tenchi," Ryoko bows and put her hands to the floor first then 
her head upon her hands, before Tenchi can say anything," I am sorry for your 
eye."
Tenchi looks as if he had just received a very precious gift, then scratches the 
back of his head," That isn't necessary, Ryoko." He tries to motion for her to 
stand but she still has her head down and seems to shake a little.
" Tenchi..." Ryoko stops not certain how to go on," When do you have to go back 
to school?"
" Not for another three months..." Tenchi brow rises in curiosity. Ryoko never 
asks me about school. " Why..."
" Tenchi, would you go out with me?" Ryoko doesn't move as she hears Tenchi 
quick intake of breath. Now I've done it what he going to say... a million 
things run through her mind... No kept resounding then the following why... 
because He loves Ayeka... Ryoko shudders at that outcome.
" Ryoko, why are you asking me now?" Tenchi looks at her as she doesn't move 
from her position," Would you stand up Ryoko?" Ryoko stands but keeps her head 
bowed. What is she thinking I can't hurt the others by picking her or going out 
on a date with her she knows that, why would she ask now. At least when I was in 
Tokyo we could have met without the others knowing. Tenchi mentally hits 
himself... Me, of course she didn't, I was the one who had to go out and find a 
normal girl. He shakes slightly at the thought of Ugi being Sakuya, I really 
loved her but I love all the girls here and I am hurting them by stalling my 
choice... Washu made sure I knew, that I can see now why they don't leave me 
alone and I don't want to be left alone all of them are a part of my family. 
They all have a place for themselves here... why does she ask... a sudden 
brilliant flash of insight hit him suddenly... I have not become a part of this 
family I am pushing them away from me, I hold back my affection and 
understanding of each of them just to preserve my peace and quiet even though I 
get few of those even before they were here. It is more exciting with them 
about. He shakes his head... I would do anything for you, my Tenchi... the words 
continue to echo in his head... why can't I make a place for myself here? They 
aren't running from me, they are chasing me, I am the one running, I am the one 
pushing them away, I am the one who is hurting them...
" Tenchi...Tenchi...TENCHI!" Ryoko practically shouted at him, Tenchi looked up 
remembering where he was. " Well, are you coming out with me or not?"
" Why Ryoko?" said Tenchi as he blushes slightly at not knowing if she answered 
him previously.
" I want to go out and explore the galaxy again, Tenchi, and I was hoping that 
you and Mayuka would come with me, please?" Ryoko's voice was beyond begging her 
pleading sounded like a plea for life, Tenchi looked at her though she hadn't 
raised her eyes he knew she was on the verge of tears.
" The Galaxy?" Tenchi suddenly remembers his promise to her and thinks back to 
that universe of existence. She was so beautiful then and vibrant no one could 
stop her there and she wanted me by her side the whole time... we spent a lot of 
time together there... Well I suppose I could go I did promise her..." Ok, 
Ryoko." Tenchi was totally stunned by the tears coming down her face as her eyes 
pleaded with him and reality to say this was real and not another of her 
wonderful dreams that she wishes to not wake up from if it isn't real.
" Really?" she says in a whisper that sounds like he might change his mind if 
asked. Tenchi just nods an affirmative unable to speak after Ryoko's display of 
emotions. " Just you and me and Mayuka?"  Tenchi nods again, and then he 
grimaces slightly as she hugs him, " Thank you, my Tenchi." She disappears 
before Tenchi could respond any further and notices dawn is approaching the 
horizon.
" I think I will watch the sunrise today for once." Tenchi smiles slightly then 
sits down. Ryoko sure is acting strange, maybe a vacation would do me some good. 
The sun starts to rise above the horizon changing the haze slowly to different 
shades of blue and red as the sun moves further and further above the horizon.


Ryoko goes to Washu lab and shivers slightly as she wishes not to have to enter 
that lab again. She enters through the door and waits for Washu to call out her 
usual greeting, but none comes. Ryoko goes into the lab further and further 
until she reaches a very dismally dark area of the lab where she sees Washu's 
keyboard floating in the air and the form of Washu lying done in the chair in a 
curled fetal position. "Washu?" Ryoko says quietly at first then loudly and 
shakes the form, "Washu!"
"Huh? What is it go away I am busy." Washu responds groggily as she sits up and 
starts to type again. When she doesn't hear the form retreating she turns to 
look at Ryoko, " What is it, little Ryoko?"
" Washu, I need to ask you a favor?"
Washu's curiosity picks up," Really, it better not be to fix anything..." Ryoko 
shakes her head," well, then, spit it out. I don't have all day." Washu seems to 
be typing at a feverish pace trying to finish the problem she is working on.
" I need you not to track me, Tenchi, or Mayuka for the rest of the summer or 
help anyone else with where we are or to find us." Washu stops typing and turns 
around to look at Ryoko then smiles for a moment. Ryoko starts to think this was 
a bad idea and starts to think of a way of to get of this one.
" Ok, little Ryoko, I will keep them away for as long as I can but there is no 
guarantee that Ayeka won't find a way." Ryoko smiles brightly then embraces 
Washu.

"Thanks mom." Ryoko disappears again leaving a very bewildered and shocked 
Washu.

Ryoko reappears in Tenchi's room and splits herself once again into zero Ryoko
and Ryoko. "Ok, Zero, you are to pack up the all the essentials for Mayuka. You 
can do that right?" Zero nods her head. "Then I will get Tenchi storage cloths 
and a few of his under garments that he doesn't keep there and we will be all 
set." Zero stares at her for a moment. " What?" Zero mouths Ryo-ohki. "Oh, ok I 
will get her you don't worry bout that."

Ryoko starts to make a packing mess in Tenchi's room as she scrambles to get the 
clothing together. wait a minute Ryo-ohki isn't equipped for long-term guests 
use. Ryoko probes and then uses her mind link to Washu...umm, mom...Yes, little 
Ryoko... could you prepare Ryo-ohki for long term use like putting the bathing 
area back on her and... Already ahead of you halfway done should be ready for 
launch in half an hour... Thank you, Washu... Call me mom!... Thanks mom...

Sasami wakes looking around her room with her sister Ayeka still sleeping next 
to her. She stretches out her arms in greeting of the day as she notices she 
must hurry other wise she won't be able to prepare today's meal properly. She 
takes her bathing things with her as she runs down the stair and smacks, then 
knocks over Tenchi. " Oh, I am sorry I didn't see you, Tenchi."

" Its ok Sasami, I didn't see you either."

" What are you doing up so early this morning", asks Sasami curiously eyeing him 
as she stands up and collects her fallen thing while Tenchi helps her.

" Oh, well...," what should I tell her... Tenchi muses... the truth is always 
best," I wanted to see the sun rise." Nice...choke... Tenchi scratches the back 
of his head. "Sasami, have you seen Ryoko yet today?"

" No, I haven't. If I know her, she'll ambush you in your room where you were 
suppose to be sleeping." Tenchi laughs as he walks up the stairs thinking that 
would be just like Ryoko but I need to see how Mayuka is doing. Tenchi walks 
into what used to be his fathers room before he redesign it and the study into 
bedrooms for their current occupants. As Tenchi walks in he sees Ryoko dress in 
a yellow and black dress moving about the room packing at a feverish pace and 
upon seeing him just continues what she is doing. 

" Umm... Ryoko what are you doing?"

" I am packing so we can leave on our trip," says Zero Ryoko with a grin and 
continues to pack.

" But I thought we weren't leaving for a while..."

Zero Ryoko interrupts," Don't have time to argue go to your room and pack." 
Tenchi turns and walks to his room and stops at his door. " Ryoko, sure is 
acting weird, she never orders me around and since when do I follow her orders." 
He shakes his head and opens his door and steps in. Tenchi jaw drops and his 
eyes widen at the carnage that was once a well-maintained room. And there, 
standing with a grin that says I did it and I am proud of it, Ryoko with two of 
his packed boxes of clothing. 

" You ready to go?" Ryoko smiles when she notices Tenchi standing there staring.

" What do you mean ready to go?" Tenchi still staring at his room has not come 
to grips with it all.

" We are leaving as soon as possible." Ryoko smiles again then adds," You did 
say me, you, and Mayuka...right?"

" Good then there will be no objections."

" Hey wait a minute, we can't just leave without telling anybody."

" You said it would be just us and if we tell anyone before we leave they will 
want to come. So, we will leave them a note and they will be given notice 
besides I was about to go tell Katsuhito the situation but right now you need to 
go get Ryo-ohki from Washu and put yours and your daughter's thing aboard."

" With my help, of course," Zero Ryoko smiled then added, " He is cute when he 
gets flustered." Tenchi goes into a face vault as he thinks that Ryoko's other 
self has never been very interactive she almost seems like a completely 
different person.

" You do anything with him I don't care if you're a clone or not I will destroy 
you." Ryoko looks Tenchi over then tosses him his bags and motions for them to 
leave. Ryoko giggles to herself before teleporting to the shrine just as 
Katsuhito walks out of it about to go to breakfast," Katsuhito your assistant 
will be detained for the rest of the summer, bye." She teleports back to the 
house into Mayuka's room and picks Mayuka up.

" Good morning, mommy," Mayuka says as she rubs her eyes," what time is it, am I 
late for something?" Mayuka concern shows as they move quickly to Washu's lab.

" No, just in a hurry. You and me are going out early today with Tenchi."

" What about Tenchi?" Ayeka asks suspiciously of Ryoko as if she were the devil 
herself. 

" Oh it is just that Tenchi went early to the shrine and wanted someone to take 
him breakfast..."

" I will do that myself monster women." 

Ryoko snickers as she leaves," As easy as taking candy from a baby." Then goes 
into Washu lab. " Washu!" Ryoko yells as she sees her Tenchi in one of Washu's 
contraptions tied down.

" What?" Washu appears from no where and looks around," Oh, that. Don't worry it 
just one of my experiments. I'll go ahead and take that off, Tenchi." Tenchi 
breathes a sigh of relief as she releases the restraints.

" Is everything ready?" Washu nods as Ryoko merges again with Zero Ryoko," Ok 
then you remember what to do if they ask..." Washu nods again. "And what do you 
do?"

" Stay away unless needed and I am not to be monitoring you by any means." Washu 
said with great reluctance.

" Ok, Tenchi lets go."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well that is the end of that. If you liked it cool, if you didn't cool, but 
either way I need input for my next written work and maybe a few revisions on 
this one. All comments and constructive criticism are welcome. Send all mail to 
Lunatic_dies@excite.com 

Next time on Tenchi Muyo! We see Tenchi take off into space, Ayeka goes nuts 
looking for them and no one knows where Washu went. All and all should be a good 
episode. See you there.
