Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted by AIC * Pioneer LDC.

PROLOGUE.

The world is in chaos. The war in heaven has just ended. Michael has
successfully led heaven's army to victory. But the exiled demons are
angry and on a rampage, destroying everything in their path. The
universe is now divided between good and evil. The war begins again on
a new battlefield.

LONG AGO…

In a secret lair a child is born. His mother lay exhausted her hair
stuck to her face with sweat. After 30 hours of labor the tired and
drained mother falls into unconsciousness. Out of the shadows walk in
two men dressed in black.

"Look at him. He is the chosen one"
"I agree, we must move quickly."
"Remember his disappearance must not arouse suspicion."
"Of course, we'll have his father take the child away and destroyed."

PRESENT DAY…

On board "The Silver Eagle" stands a six-foot warrior. His blonde hair
and his white robes are the only traces of movement, flowing from the
ventilation breeze. He has yet to move since his departure, he stands
watching the stars and planets pass by. He closes his eyes and sees a
tank of glowing water beneath him. He can feel himself being submerged.
The water is cold then as he finally dives under, he feels the heat of
the liquid. He tries to swim to the surface but it is blocked. The pain
is overwhelming. The figures outside remain motionless; they make no
attempt at stopping the suffering. He tries to scream for help, but
that allows the liquid to enter his mouth and the pain erupts from
within his body. Slowly the pain subsides, and he begins to focus on
the people outside the tank. The eight-foot warrior in the middle seems
to be the leader, but why are they doing this. His attempts to
rationalize the event are broken when he again feels the blast of pain.
With his last ounce of energy he punches the glass, cracking it. "Now
approaching earth, ETA two minutes" spoke the mechanical voice of the
ships computer, breaking his train of thought. "Excellent. We've made
the trip sooner than expected" replied the warrior, "find these energy
signatures and try to land unnoticed. The last thing we need is
interference from the locals."

"Tenchi…come in Tenchi" called out the crackly voice of Washu over the
walkie-talkies.
"Yes little-Washu, what's wrong? I still have half the field to tend
to." Replied Tenchi.
"Tenchi, my radar has picked up a signal coming from mars headed this
way. Apparently we have a visitor, I suggest you come home."
"I'm on my way."
"On second thought wait. I just got hailed for a landing point. I'll
have them land next to your grandfather's shrine. Make sure your there
to greet them. We'll be there in a moment."
"Understood" As he reached his belt to replace the walkie-talkie he
felt the comfort of Tenchi-ken.

As Tenchi rounded the steps and neared the shrine he saw the fastest
looking ship he had ever seen. And after a year with the girl and their
adventures he had seen a lot of space ships. The silver eagle stood at
20 feet high and 70feet long. It was not made for hauling cargo; it was
made for travel at light speed. As he walked closer he saw a figure
under the shade of The Silver Eagle, which he assumed to be the pilot.

"Are you the pilot?" asked Tenchi.
"Yes Tenchi, I am. Hold on for just a second" with that the stranger
spoke into a wrist communicator and the silver eagle began to rise and
resumed orbit in earth's space. "Sorry about that but can't have any
chance encounters. I hear the locals are still naïve when it comes to
space travel."
"Yes they are. But how did you know my name?" spoke a dumbfounded
Tenchi.
"I know a lot about you and your family. I'll explain it all later, but
first I should introduce myself. My name is Eric and I am a member of
the Order of Light. I'm hear to train you."

"Who is he Washu?" asked Ryoko
"I don't know. He does not seem to have a astro pattern. I have to get
a sample of DNA to find out for sure, but his ship certainly points to
the order of light."
"What order of light?"
"It's a long story and we don't have time to get into it right now.
Lets go meet him." As they walked out of the lab they saw Sasami
preparing another delicious meal. Hey Sasami what are you making now?"
"It's a surprise for our visitor Washu" replied the small princess.
"How does she know we have a visitor?" asked Ryoko
"Well she is also Tsunami."

"Tenchi close your eyes and concentrate toward me. What do you feel?
Trust your instincts. Can you trust me?"
"Yes, I can feel that you come with no malice, but why do you ask?"
"Because I need your trust in order to successfully train you. Now lets
see what Yosho has shown you. En Garde" with that said he pulled out
his two energy sabers and began attacking. The two sword style takes
incredible skill and concentration to master. It was obvious that
Eric's skill surpassed that of tenchi's and was about to stop when from
the corner of his eye he saw a red energy blade take a swipe at his
head. Using his speed he dodged Ryoko's attack. With both attacking,
Eric was surprised at how well they fought together. Each one feeding
off the other's presence. Neither wanting to have the other harmed. It
was amazing, with the right training together they would be unbeatable.
The battle waged on for ten then twenty then thirty minutes. Eric was
certain that these were the warriors he was sent to train. He needed to
stop the fight but he knew that they were both too wired to stop with
the skill he had. Using a disarming technique he took Tenchi-ken from
Tenchi and disabled Ryoko's energy blade.
"That is enough for today"
"What! What do you mean?" yelled Ryoko her voice raspy from the
exertion.
"He was just testing me."
"No he was testing both of you" spoke up Lord Katsuhito
"Yosho! There you are my old friend. Come now remove that ridiculous
mask and come greet your old teacher."
"Yosho!" cried out Tenchi and Ryoko
"Of course I knew it all along," stated Washu.
As Eric walked with Yosho back into the shrine for refreshments, Tenchi
and Ryoko spoke to Washu.
"Did you see the fight? He fought with a skill and technique I've never
seen."
"I find that hard to believe, little-Ryoko you've been to every corner
of the galaxy and you've never seen that style before."
"No, never"
"Did you notice he didn't even brake a sweat?" added Tenchi
"That not all he had five more energy sabers in his robes. What can
they be for?"

"So it has begun, again" stated Yosho, more for his own acknowledgement
than for Eric's.
"Yes, my friend, but this time we have two aces. If I can train them in
time."
"They are not ready, but we have no choice"
"Come on. Introduce me to the rest of the group."
"Does she know who you are?"
"No…She can't know you must swear to leave it to me."
"She has her own ways of finding out things"
"I also know that"

"Sasami! We're home is lunch ready" Cried out Ryoko.
"Almost, I set up an extra place for our visitor."
"Good I'm going to wash up," stated Tenchi
"Do you need any help my love" Ryoko groped Tenchi.
"Hands Off of him you space witch." yelled Ayeka
"Nice to see you again" Eric spoke up. Everyone noticed the look on
Ayeka's face. It was a mixture of raw emotions. Joy and pain mixed with
fear and doubt.
<<What are you doing here? It's not time yet>> said Ayeka in a language
from long ago.
<<Time has almost caught us my friend. >>
<<Have you been sent to kill me? >>
<<No, but I will if you do not leave immediately. >>
<<But what of appearances? >>
<<I will explain everything in time>>
<<Thank you. I shall leave at once>>
"Oh um I have to leave I received a message from father and have to go
back to Jurai. Bye"
Having said that she ran without her clothes or any belongings to her
ship and left before anyone could question her departure.
"Hmm shall we eat?" stated Eric nonchalantly.
"What just happened? What did you tell her?" asked Sasami
"I don't recall receiving a message from Jurai."
"Little Washu I'll explain everything in due time. For now you must
trust me. Isn't that right Tenchi?"
"Yeah, but we'll need those answers soon"
While Eric was talking to Tenchi Washu snuck behind him to get a hair
sample for her DNA study, but before she could get it Eric spun around
and snatched her hand. "I'm sorry little Washu but you can not have
your sample."

After lunch Tenchi and Eric went out into the woods to begin their
training. They climbed to the top of the mountains that surrounded the
shrine. Overlooking tenchi's home they stopped when Eric began to
speak. "Tenchi You probably want those answers now before we begin."
"That would be nice"
"What would you like to know?"
"Well first what did you say to Ayeka that made her leave? Second who
are you and what do you want with us?"
"I told her to leave or I would kill her."
"Why?"
"Lets sit and I shall give you those answers. Do you believe in good
and evil? Of course you do. After fighting Kagato, DR. Clay, Yazuha you
have seen that this world not just this planet is filled with good and
evil forces. These forces all have an origin. They were once good, but
were corrupted by Sin, the original evil. He has many names in all
forms of cultures and societies across the universe. You may have heard
of his defeat as he attempted to take over heaven. He was banished into
this realm. Now he wages another attempt. This time the odds are in his
favor. For you see, he has managed to turn a lot of followers against
their creator and lean toward his evil regime, like your friend Ayeka.
I was born 20,000 years ago and am a captain in heaven's army. When I
was born demons using my father, attempted to kill me, but I rescued by
Raphael, and archangel and general in the army. They realized my
potential and enlisted me. I began my training at three months and have
been a soldier ever since. I fought in the first war along side Michael
and Gabriel. After defeating the demons we felt we had peace, but then
they came back to wage another war. They are currently camped out side
of heaven's gates. A constant threat, they are not letting anybody
enter heaven. I was sent to bring you and Ryoko to help with the
battle. Angels do not have the potential for war, as do humans. They
were never meant for such savage butchering. That is why heaven enlists
men and women of pure heart and skill. They originally wanted to send a
more experienced warrior such as Michael or Gabriel to train you, but
they were too busy commanding their men. It's not easy commanding over
a billion soldiers in each division. This war will overflow and engulf
the entire universe unless we stop it now. As we speak other men and
women like you and Ryoko are being recruited to join the fight. I won't
lie to you they are powerful and will resort to any tactic to defeat
us. It would be unfair to force you to join but will you?"
"Yes"
"Excellent, I knew you wouldn't let me down. I'll ask Ryoko later."
"But why did you allow Ayeka to leave if she has turned Evil?"
 "Ayeka, she was once good, but her purpose here was to keep you off
balance so you would not develop your true power. I could not allow her
to stay and do further damage to your training. As for not killing her,
well she was my friend a long time ago and it was a favor I owed her."
"But how can that be, she never tried to harm me or anyone, except
Ryoko."
"And why only Ryoko?"
"I don't know."
"Tenchi have you ever heard of the story of the soul. Upon entering
this realm it had to divide to make the journey. I mean not just into
earth, but also throughout the universe. Do you know the odds of a soul
finding its half and becoming one? It's astronomical. Tenchi why do you
think you felt the pull toward the cave? Why did she feel the pull to
your house? You have found your soulmate yet you do nothing. She is a
warrior same as you. How can you deny your love for her?"
"I can't. She is the only one I feel a true bond with. She has saved me
more than I know. I have to tell her how I feel."
"Well there's no time like the present. Go to her."
"But what about my training?"
"This is part of your Training. Only after you have balanced your inner
self can you hope to fulfill your potential. Go you've already wasted a
year don't waste another second to tell her."

While Tenchi went to speak with Ryoko, Eric decided to meditate. He
unrolled a mat and kneeled. Slowly he began to glow and the seven
energy sabers on his belt began to levitate. As his concentration
progressed they began slowly circling him. With effort he turned each
one on. That is when he turned on the Drones set up around him to fire
energy blast at him. With each blast he used one of the blades to block
it. He progressively turned up the intensity until it was nothing but a
blur of swords and blasts. Only when he detected a female scent in the
air did he open his eyes and ended his training session.
"Hello Sasami or should I call you Tsunami"
"Either one will do" Sasami walked slowly toward him amazed at the
skill of his meditation. Her kimono flowing from the breeze made her
look older. "Tsunami tried telling me why Ayeka had to leave but I
don't understand it. How could she be turned against her family?"
"I'm sorry I was too late to stop it. But thank Tsunami for saving you
from the same fate. Her presence in you kept the evil away. That is why
you were not taken."
"Can she be saved?"
"Yes, but it is up to her. The evil in her feeds on her hate and grows
stronger and more controlling. Once she finds out about Tenchi and
Ryoko she'll be too far gone to save."
"That's true, but she never loved Tenchi, so why would it matter?"
"Because the demons have made her think that as princess, she can have
anything she wants. It is her greed."
"Will she have to die?"
"Probably, in this war the casualties will be far too many to count."
"Another question, how is it that Ryoko didn't turn to the darkness?
She has more blood on her hands than any of us."
"Yosho did me a favor by imprisoning Ryoko in the cave. Kagato tried to
blacken her heart thus eliminating another soldier for the order of
light. Tenchi saved her with his love. Regardless of him never making
it verbal, she felt it and it released her. The only thing holding her
back is her sense of guilt. She needs to realize that it wasn't her
fault. "
"That makes sense. Well I have to go make dinner. Bye"
"Could you make those delicious egg rolls you made for lunch?"
"Sure. Are you going to teach Tenchi to do what you were doing?"
"I'll try."

"Uh Ryoko could I talk to you"
"Sure Tenchi, what's on your mind?"
 "You" This last word stunned Ryoko into silence. For all her bravado
she was a timid person when it came to Tenchi confronting her. She had
always feared he would choose Ayeka and send her away. She basked in
his light. She felt alive and free. For once in her life she had found
someone who treated he as person and not a machine or invention. "I
need to tell you something that I should have told you a long time
ago."
"What is that Tenchi?"
" I don't know how to begin."
"Relax Tenchi. It's me Ryoko, your friend above everything else. Just
say what is on your mind"
 "I love you Ryoko."
She could not believe her ears. He spoke those three magical words. He
said he loved me. Oh what do I say? I wrote it down a million times. "I
love you too." Was all she could manage.
"You are more like me than me. Whatever souls are made of ours are the
same. And I never want to lose you. Ryoko nothing I say can make up for
the pain I've caused you. For the slap. For the love I withheld from
you. I am unworthy of your love, but give me a chance and I'll spend
the rest of my life proving my love for you is true."
"Tenchi do you know that I was made without feelings, without emotions,
Kagato felt they hindered my power for violence. I was deprived of
warmth and love for over two thousand years. And you somehow managed to
destroy the block he placed on my heart. You made me feel love, joy,
pain; it was all so good that I relished each and every moment. I want
to show you something. Take my hand" as he placed his hand in his loves
he could feel the bond growing. Then they were teleported to the cave.
The cave of her captivity. "Come in Tenchi."
"Ryoko aren't you afraid of this place."
"I was once, but you helped me conquer that fear." Once they entered
she formed a energy ball to provide light. What Tenchi saw were
carvings of the time they shared. Moments frozen in time, not through
photograph but of stone. The walls smoothed out by her power. Then he
saw it. An incomplete picture of tenchi's wedding with a bride with no
face. It was her monument to his indecisiveness. "I wanted to put my
face on the bride but was never sure of your feelings so I held out."
"Please do it. I know that I will spend the rest of my life with you.
You are my destiny."
She could hold on no longer she had to kiss him. The love of her life.
With the touch of their lips they formed an unbreakable bond that
neither had any idea of its significance. As they pulled away they
stared into each other's eyes and spoke a thousand I love yous in that
stare. "I had no idea of your artistic skills. Please fill in the
face."
"As you wish my love."

To be continued...

Next chapter: The storm hits