----

Copyrights: Tenchi Muyo! and all corresponding characters are the property of AIC and Pioneer, the 
blessed ones who shall bring us the true 3rd OAV. Loknar and Joseph are mine, and maybe if I get far 
enough in this series, I will let people borrow them to use in fanfics. I do not owe our idiotic president 
anything, cuz he is a warlike-hippie-commie with a crazy agenda.

Notes: WARNING! This is a romance fic. Those who want action and adventure, you might find it here, 
maybe, maybe not. This subfic contains quantities of the exotic fanfic species of LEMON. I repeat for all 
those with hearing problems: This is a ROMANTIC LEMON between Washuu and Loknar. Most of it 
focuses on them, but there are a lot of non-lemon parts. There will be mentions of genitalia and such in this 
fanfic, but in a polite, civilized way. There will be little or no profanity in this fanfic, for true lovers do not 
refer to each other in uncivilized ways during intercourse, the opposite displayed in many lemons. This 
fanfic takes place a week or two after OAV 16 (Orion Chronicles Chapter 3).

Here goes my sanity...

Loknar of Orion, 5/4/01, Late at night.

Fanfic Began: 5/4/01, Fanfic Ended: *Unknown ^_^;;;;*

*Update: Spellchecked on 6/29/01...Oh the pain....*

----

Tenchi Muyo! Episode 16B: For the Love of a Goddess

(Orion Chronicles, Chapter 3B)

Now when the child of morning, Rosy-Fingered dawn, came over the hills, golden beams of light hit 
Funaho's tree, the leaves of the tree gleaming in their Juraian power, the tree itself reflecting beams back at 
the sun, as if thanking it for it's heavenly light. The moat around it seemed to be alive with small fish, 
darting this way and that, their shiny surfaces creating an almost blinding light around the holy tree.

That same light gently crept into Joseph's window as Sol rose, gently sneaking up upon the sleeping man. It 
hopped around the bed, silently but slowly, soon reaching his face.

The man yawned, blinking, and opening his eyes, then smiling. A new day had begun. From his room, he 
could hear the normal arguing of the princess and the space pirate, their words audible from this range.

"Ryoko! You are the one that drank all of the sake!"

"Excuse me, princess! You were slugging that stuff down like it was water in the middle of a desert!"

He smirked, as he knew what they were fighting about, this time. The previous night, Noboyuki had the 
bright idea of stockpiling on sake, planning to sell it as a side job. What he didn't take into account was that 
Ryoko, and even Ayeka, enjoyed the taste of it.

Joseph hopped out of bed, getting dressed, while entertained by the bickering of the two young, and quite 
attractive women.

After dressing, he went downstairs, whistling.

"Mihoshi! Please don't drink that! That kind of sake makes you sick, and you know that!" Sasami said 
worriedly, trying to take a bottle of it away from Mihoshi.

"Itsh doeshn't do notshing, Shashami." Mihoshi burbles, her eyes glazed, and her cheeks flushed.

"Mihoshi, please do what Sasami says." Joseph spoke, quietly.

"Shwatever shu want me to do, schutiepie!" She mutters, putting the bottle down on the table, then falling 
off of her chair. "If shu or Shenchi want me to do anything, shu can bet as sheck that sh'all do it!"

Tenchi came in right at that moment.

"Mihoshi drank Nuryaka sake again, I guess?" Tenchi asked Joseph, his response being a simple nod.

Sasami then got back to cooking breakfast, which was almost finished when Mihoshi had drank the sake.

"Could you get me some lettuce from the pantry, Joseph?" Sasami asked him.

"Sure!" He responded, quickly going over to the pantry shed, outside the house. As he opened the door, he 
checked around, as Tenchi had told him of the time that Ryo-Ohki's crystals had eaten all the food there. 
No sign of Ryo-Ohki, or Ken-Ohki.

Joseph shrugged, quickly getting a basket of lettuce, and bringing it inside.

As he walked back into the house, he noticed that the amount of lettuce in the basket was smaller than 
before. Thinking that he must have dropped some, he went back into the pantry, and got some more, only to 
have the same result.

An idea hit him, and he smiled, lifting some of the lettuce out of the basket.

Sure enough, two naughty little cabbits were chewing away.

"Ciao?" Ken-Ohki asked, his mouth full of lettuce.

"I thought you guys liked carrots better." Joseph said, grinning.

"Miya! Miyaah Mow!" Ryo-Ohki responded.

"You wanted a change of pace? To expand your palette beyond the horizon of carrotdom?"

"Mow."

"Well...Don't eat too much of it. Sasami needs some lettuce for breakfast today." Joseph told them, as he 
went inside the house, carrying them and the remaining lettuce in the basket.

Inside the house, an attractive man looking around his middle twenties, with glasses, deep blue eyes, and 
long white hair, snuggled against a beautiful woman looking around the same age, with long pink hair and 
green eyes, both of them in their lab uniforms. The two of them were asleep on their bed, with smiles on 
their faces.

"I love you, my Washuu..." Loknar whispered, as he slept.

"I love you, Tassi...." Washuu whispered, in the same state.

They unconsciously snuggled closer than before, their bodies pressed against each other.

The two lovers were content, simply dreaming about each other, and thinking about them. To Loknar, 
Washuu was the only woman that he truly loved, and to Washuu, Loknar was her true love.

The night before, the two of them had been working late on an experiment, the work exhausting and 
monotonous, and the results less than perfect. Frustrated with the experiment, the two of them simply fell 
asleep on their recently-installed four poster bed, in a small separate room, under the high skylight of the 
laboratory. Nearby the elaborate bed, there was a fireplace, tables, chairs, a small refrigerator, and beautiful 
stained glass windows.

The love that the two geniuses shared was undeniable; As they spent all of their free time together, talking, 
kissing, hugging, snuggling, holding hands, all the things that lovers do. The both of them were very old in 
reality, but looked and felt like young adults, also being quite attracted to each other. This attraction was 
there, early in their contact, when they bickered over who was more intelligent, that issue quelled when 
they found that the both of them possessed the same amount of IQ. Even while they bickered, they both 
secretly had deep respect for each other, but kept it secret until their feud had stopped. Since that time, the 
two quickly fell into undying love, each literally worshipping each other. They were the best things that 
ever happened to each other.

They slept silently, their arms around each other, and their faces pressed close together. Their hair seemed 
to mix, Loknar's hair mixed in with Washuu's appearing as white in a pink field. A creative mind would 
find that image very similar; Specifically to the first stars of a cool summer night, in the midst of twilight, 
the crisp night air gently mixing the stars and sky as one.

As the sunlight gently played over the roof of the house, entering through the window which projected 
sunlight into the large pseduospace laboratory. The warm beams gently awoke the two lovers, blinking at 
first, and then smiling at each other.

"How are you this fine morning, my little Washuu?" Loknar said, a loving expression on his face.

"Wonderful, as long as I am with you, my Tassi." Washuu responded, kissing him gently.

"It is an honor to be next to you..." He whispers, kissing her neck.

"It is an honor for me to be next to the cutest genius in the Multiverse..." She responded.

"I'm not the cutest. You are the cutest, and most beautiful prodigy in the history of the Multiverse..."

"You are, my love."

"You are...."

They stared at each other for a second, before going into a deep kiss, their lips locking tightly around each 
other. Washuu moaned into the kiss, as he gently massaged her tongue with his, and ran his fingers through 
her hair.

"I love you, Washuu." He said quietly, after they broke the kiss.

"I love you just as much, Tassi..." She whispered, as they kissed again, just as deeply.

While this was going on, they did not hear the door crab and swallow jingle, as a certain blonde entered the 
dimensional door.

"Hello? Miss Washuu? Mister Loknar? Are you here? Breakfast is ready!" Mihoshi called, not seeing a 
handbook on Interdimensional Xenobiology right in her path. She promptly slipped on it.

"Waaaaaah!" She exclaimed, as she fell, the book slamming into a nearby bookcase. The bookcase was a 
little flimsy, the book breaking one of the bars holding it up. The books flew off the shelves, one hitting 
Mihoshi in the forehead.

"Ouch." She said, falling to the floor.

Others hit the door of Loknar and Washuu's bedroom, startling them in the middle of a kiss.

"What just happened?" Loknar asked, suprised.

"Let's go see...It's probably Mihoshi." Washuu responded, yawning.

They opened the door, to see a large amount of books on the floor, several test tubes broken, many 
experiments disturbed, and a blonde girl on the floor, all caused by one slip.

They sweatdropped.

"Mihoshi?" Loknar asked.

Washuu went over to Mihoshi, smelling something.

"She got into that certain brand of sake again; But it doesn't seem to have affected her judgment, logic, or 
motor skills much."

"Now I feel better about this." Loknar joked, helping Mihoshi up. He carried her by one shoulder, Washuu 
carrying her by the other.

"Let's go get breakfast." They soon entered the kitchen, everyone else not exactly suprised to see Mihoshi 
unconscious.

"Let me guess...She got into the lab?" Ryoko said, in a monotone voice.

"Exactly, little Ryoko." Washuu said.

"Washuu, will you please stop calling me littl-"

"Call me 'Mom' first, Ryoko."

"Why the heck should I?"

"Because I am your mother."

"But you didn't raise me."

"I'm still your mother, and you should respect that."

"Fine, 'Mom'." Ryoko growled.

As everyone sat down, Sasami came in with breakfast.

"This is very good Miso soup, Sasami." Tenchi said.

"Thank you, Tenchi." Sasami said, smiling, while Ryoko gulped down her food, and Ayeka ate small, pint-
sized bites.

Joseph sat next to Sasami, and thanked her for her cooking as well.

"Sasami - We really have to find a way to stop Noboyuki and this sake-selling idea that he has. It will only 
lead to more trouble." Joseph whispered to her, the princess responding with a silent, knowing nod.

Loknar and Washuu ate slowly, mostly thinking about each other.

Under the table, being fed with a constant array of scraps, the two cabbits chowed down. Right before they 
finished eating, Joseph handed them what they were waiting for: Carrots.

"Mow!" They exclaimed, jumping, and nearly knocking the table over, as they hit the bottom of the table, 
hurting a little bit from it, but not much.

Ryo-Ohki was a little bit more bumped than he was, so Ken-Ohki went over to her, gently licking her head 
with his gentle tongue.

"Miya." She responded, happily, the pain going away.

He continued grooming her, getting closer. He then remembered the carrots, and quickly went over to the 
other side of the table, quickly retrieving them, dragging them over to Ryo-Ohki.

"Cao." He said, handing her one.

"Mia!" She said, thanking him, and quickly eating it, the other cabbit doing the same.

However, there was only one carrot left after they had finished each of theirs.

Ken-Ohki smiled at Ryo-Ohki, the cabbit who he loved. Ryo-Ohki smiled back at Ken-Ohki, her love.

He brought the carrot over to her in his mouth, gently setting it down by her.

"Miya miy!" She said, translating to something along the lines of "No, it's okay. You can have it."

He responded by cuddling up to her, and licking her cheek.

"Mao Ciao Caao. Crao Mow, Ciao Ciao.." He responded, the translation being "The little one will need it, 
too. We want our child to be strong and healthy, my love."

She blushed at this, and licked him back, resting her head on him.

Indeed, Ryo-Ohki was pregnant. The two cabbits had been in love since the day that they met, only 
increasing ever since. The only humanoid that knew of this was Sasami, who swore to keep it a secret for 
awhile, among giggles. The others had noticed that Ryo-Ohki had gained a little weight over the past 
month, but not a big amount.

After breakfast, the two cabbits hopped up onto the windowsill, and curled up together on the cushion that 
Sasami had placed there for them. They changed into their child-forms, and sat there for awhile, just 
looking at them.

"Mao, Ryo." Ken-Ohki said quietly, meaning "I love you, Ryo-Ohki."

"Miy, Ken." Ryo-Ohki responded, meaning the same thing.

The two of them purred silently, Sasami smiling as she saw the happy scene unfold.

She went over to them, and gently kissed each of them on their cheeks.

The two cabbits smiled at this, and hugged her, who hugged back.

By this time, Washuu and Loknar had gone back to their lab, and had begun to continue the experiment 
from the previous night.

"All quadractions at 58%." Loknar said, as he read a meter, protective glasses over his eyes, and a heavy 
duty lab smock on. Washuu was dressed similarly.

"Iniating Zoranic protocol." Washuu said, starting up a program on her computer.

They went over to a table where a small, open box sat, a small portal inside it, furiously glowing.

Loknar pulled a few levers on a nearby control panel, and it began to hum.

"It's working - 79, no 84 percent! 84 Percent!" He exclaimed, hugging Washuu as he did.

They had finally completed that experiment, or so they thought, until it stopped.

"What the heck?" Washuu asked. She checked her computer. "Someone by the name of GoLd-I-LoX 
hacked into our system!"

"What in heaven's name..." Loknar whispered, checking his computer as well.

"They only took what we were just working on. All data besides that is fully intact."

"But how the hell did someone manage to bust through our security? It's some of the most full-proof anti-
hacking software ever designed!"

"I have no clue. They must be really lucky. No matter; It needed an upgrade anyhow."

For the next few hours, the two scientists work on the grueling task of upgrading their servers, and testing 
them to make sure that they are impossible to hack. This takes several hours.

"I had no idea that LoshuuOS needed so much work on its' server branch..." Loknar said, after they 
finished.

"I know what you mean. We had worked on it last when? Last week? Yes, then. Then Goldilox, or 
whatever their name is, came in, and completely brought down our confidence in the system. We may have 
to hold back on releasing it to the public, my love." Washuu said.

"Well...Allright. But once we do release it, we shall be truly hailed by every being as the two greatest 
geniuses in the Multiverse!" Loknar beamed, hugging her. She hugged back, gently.

Loknar checked his watch.

"It's about.....3 o'clock. We've missed lunch, my dear." Loknar sighed.

"Well, I have an idea that can solve that, and get us out of the house for awhile."

"Oh?"

"I know of a Karaoke bar in the nearby town that we could go to for awhile. The food there is as good as 
Sasami's, and the music and entertainment are wonderful. After that, we can go back home, and spend a 
romantic evening together. I remember you were telling me about that special wine that you brewed, 
supposed to be used only on romantic occasions...We could use some tonight." Washuu blushed.

"Are you suggesting that we...we..." Loknar was blushing, and stammering a little bit.

"Yes, Tassi. I want to make love to you tonight."

"I want to make love to you as well, my Washuu."

They took each other's hands, and gently kissed, the same way they had when they first admitted their love 
for each other a little more than a few months ago. Their lips lightly touched each other, and their arms 
gently around each other, their eyes closed, and smiles on their faces. The kiss wasn't passionate, or deep, 
but still conveyed the same amount of love for each other. He loved her dearly, and she loved him the same 
way, and that was reflected in their simple kiss. It was quite ironic that the two greatest geniuses in history 
showed their love for each other in such a simple way, the exact same method used by people all over the 
Multiverse. That simple act could be performed by anyone, with low or high intelligence, scant or rampant 
attractiveness, or large or small.

"Let's tell the others that we're going out." Loknar said quietly, helping the woman that he loved up.

She simply smiled, and they walked out of the lab.

"Hi Sasami. If anyone asks, Tassi and I will be out for a few hours." Washuu told her.

Sasami smiled.

"You're going on a date?"

"I guess you could call it that."

"Allright." Sasami said, nodding.

The two lovers walked outside, their arms around each other.

Sasami watched them go, smiling.

"Someday, I will find the man that I will fall in love with..." She whispered to herself, Tsunami watching 
from the lake, but not seen by anyone.

"My sister is a very lucky woman..." Tsunami thought, smiling as Loknar and Washuu walked.

Loknar turned on his transparent computer for a moment, and entered some commands. A light blue 
convertible, with the Loshuu emblem of the crab and the swallow on the hood of the car, appeared.

"When did you design this?" Washuu asked him.

"A week or two ago. We didn't have to use Noboyuki's car for our dates."

He opened the door for her, and she sat down, Loknar doing the same.

"It's not quite dinnertime yet, so the Karaoke bar is probably empty. Maybe we should see a movie first?" 
Washuu spoke.

"Good idea. If only I can get my hands on a newspaper with the showtimes..." As Loknar was saying that, 
Washuu had turned on her computer, and had already gotten the showtimes.

"Thank God for our computers......Let's see......Darn. Most of these are either teen sex romps, or bloody 
action movies. Wait a second...There's a scifi romantic comedy at the Okayama East Theatre." Washuu 
said, then looking up the movie. "It got very good reviews. Would you like to see it?"

"Sure! Let's gooooo....." Loknar said, stepping on the gas, and the car sped off. It was a warm fall day, the 
trees all orange, brown and red.

The car almost flew down the road, the traffic very mild. Washuu smiled, and cuddled next to Loknar, who 
smiled, keeping one eye on Washuu, and the other on the road. The cool air felt good against their hair, as it 
blew to and fro, the breeze somehow energizing them.

Very soon, they were in town. Since there was much more traffic there, Loknar slowed the car down, but 
they were still provided with a smaller breeze.

"What part of town is the theater in?" Loknar asked.

"A few blocks down. By the way, I have a somewhat naughty idea that we can do once we're inside." 
Washuu said, then whispering something into his ear, giggling. He did the same, and said that it sounded 
like a fun idea.

They parked their car, and got out, hand in hand. They went up to the ticket clerk.

"Excuse me sir, what is the film 'Okoyr in Love' rated?" Said Loknar.

"R, sir." The squeaky voiced teen replied.

"Good then. Two for that."

"That'll be fifty yen..."

Loknar pays the money, and then they get their tickets.

"Should we get popcorn or anything, my dear?" He asked Washuu.

"Not yet. Let's get inside; The movie will start soon. Then we can get our idea into action."

They went into the theater, and sat towards the front.

As the lights dimmed, Washuu winked at him, and they both turned into their child/teenage forms.

She put her hand on his, the cue to start the plan.

Loknar laughed softly, as he knew what he was about to say was hilarious.

"Washuu, I haven't gotten this far before. If I do it oddly, please tell me." He said, in a higher voice.

"It'll be fine. The theater's dark. We can do whatever the hell we want here, if you know what I mean." She 
responded.

The people around them eyed the two nervously.

"Why are those ignorant teenagers here?" An old woman asked her husband.

"Oh, go shove it somewhere, lady. I just want to make out with my boyfriend!" Washuu exclaimed.

"Well, I never!"

"Shuttup!"

The previews started rolling.

"Coming soon!" The speakers blared, "Pretty Sammy 3: Return of the Juraihelm, coming this summer!"

As soon as that was said, Loknar and Washuu put their arms around each other, and started kissing.

The people around them moved a few seats back.

"Umm....Can you please not do that here?" A man asked them.

"No." Loknar responded, kissing Washuu again.

"Why are you doing that here? Heck, you're not even supposed to be in an R movie!"

"We like making out in the dark, and we snuck in. Don't be a stool pigeon!"

As the previews continued, Washuu began to moan, giggling at the same time.

"Oh, Tassi!" She said loudly, disturbing others in the audience.

An usher then walked in, with a flashlight.

"Hey! You two kids! Get out of here! There's sex, violence, and vulgar language in this film! You're not 
mature enough to see it." The usher barked.

"We've seen it all, old timer." Loknar mumbled.

"Are you talking smart with me, young man?"

"Duh.....No, I'm not talking smart to the big idiot."

"Why you..."

Washuu suddenly knocked the flashlight out of the usher's hand, and it turned off.

The usher soon found it, but when he turned it back on, Washuu and Loknar were in their adult forms.

"I don't know how the hell you did that...." He rasped. "But I'm moving you two kids out of here."

"Excuse me, sir? What are you talking about." Loknar asked.

"You changed into adults somehow."

"I think not, mister. My boyfriend and I were just trying to watch a movie, before you started talking. You 
are disturbing our viewing pleasure. Please go." Washuu said, pointing to the door.

"But...But..."

"Go. Now!"

The usher walked out of there, confused out of his mind.

Loknar and Washuu grinned, and kissed each other gently.

"That's the greatest prank that I've ever played! You are a genius, my love." Loknar said quietly.

"You added some lines to it that I never would have thought of. You are a genius, my darling." She 
responded.

They kissed again, right as the movie began.

The movie was very good, revolving around the story of a female space pirate, fighting for the love of a 
prince, while a princess kept trying to stop her attempts of courting the man. Eventually, the both of them 
ended up marrying the prince, leading to humorous consequences.

The two geniuses thoroughly enjoyed the film, laughing out loud several times.

"That was quite a good movie." Washuu said, as they got up from their seats after the movie was finished.

"I agree. Although I think they should have concentrated a little more on Oyr-Ihko and Nek-Ihko. And they 
shouldn't have done the shameless celebrity bashing...." Loknar responded, as they passed visiting a certain 
visiting president, who kept using the phrases 'dagnabbit', 'damn foreign films', and 'where's my beer?' 
several times.

Loknar checked his watch, the small hologram appearing over it, illuminating the area a little bit.

"It's around five o'clock. Should we go to dinner?" Loknar asked, ignoring the people gawking at the 
holographic timepiece.

"We should." Washuu said, putting her arm around his, as they left the theater.

Outside, the usher from before was drinking some hard Sake, and rambling about 'two shapeshifting kids'.

They got back in the car, Washuu stepping into the driver's seat this time.

"How far is the Karaoke bar from here?"

"Only half a mile or so." Washuu said, getting their car out of park, and onto the road.

Young men and women looked at them, somewhat wantingly. In their adult forms, both Loknar and 
Washuu were very attractive to those of the opposite sex. Several times, they passed people saying 'That 
must be the luckiest man in the world', or 'She has a really cute friend there...', causing the two to blush.

"I'm not just the luckiest man in the world, but the luckiest man in the Multiverse." Loknar whispered.

"And I have the cutest friend of all time..." She responded.

As they approached the Karaoke bar, they put their arms around each other.

The building itself seemed to be a store, hastily converted into a meeting place. Through large windows, 
one could see inside, partly; Huge curtains covered most of the windows, except for one. Inside, there were 
several tables, scattered about the room, a bar on the west wall, and with a small stage at the center of the 
building, with a Karaoke machine on it. A few people were trying their hand at it for the moment, but 
weren't doing so well. The sign on the bar read 'The Singing Angel's Hideout'.

They walked inside, and sat down at an empty table, with two seats, facing each other from opposite ends 
of it.

After they sat down, Loknar smiled warmly at his love.

She smiled back, in the same way. The two of them simply smiled for minutes, as if in a trance, until 
someone broke them out of it.

"Sir? Ma'am? What would you like to order?" A waitress asked, blushing.

"I'll have some tea and some steak, and maybe a bottle of wine at the end." Loknar said.

"And I'll have the same, except add a salad." Washuu said as well.

They waited awhile, their dinner soon arriving. As they ate, Loknar and Washuu were entertained by the 
attempts at singing by amateurs, usually ending up in a Mihoshish way - Falling off the stage, singing off 
key, losing their voice, or choosing a song not appropriate for the bar.

"Have you tried Karaoke before, my dear?" Washuu asked suddenly.

"A couple of times. But I was alone, so I don't know how I did."

"Neither have I. I know of a song that we can sing in a duet, after we finish eating."

He grinned at this.

Very soon, they finished eating, and went to the small line for the use of the stage.

After waiting silently for a few minutes, while a few good singers went, they got their turn at the 
microphone. They stepped up on stage, waiting for the audience to quiet down, so they could start.

Washuu whispered something in Loknar's ear, and he nodded, whispering something back.

"Good evening, Ladies and Gents. My boyfriend and I are going to sing a song very important to both of 
us. We've done Karaoke only a few times in the past, so bear with us if we do badly." Washuu said.

They put the CD in the player, and an upbeat tune began to reverberate throughout the area.

----

Author's Note: This song is a re-edit of Washuu's lullaby, changed into a love song. I don't know if this will 
turn out well or not.... >_<

----

Washuu: April roses, tiny sparrows,

Come, it's bright and new

I belong forever

With the myst'ry that is you

When I see your handsome face

I hear a song from long ago

I think you know

The many secrets I've forgotten

Loknar: Generations through the ages 

Joined as one somehow

Leading to the angel

That my arms are caressing now

From the sky and from the sea

Upon a breeze you came to me

You seem to see

A greater world than I do

Washuu and Loknar: Sleep my darling, sleep my darling

Dream of somewhere far away

Do you remember still

How I hope you always will

Keep the mem'ry of the day 

We fell in love

Washuu: When you wake up I'll be waiting

Eager for your smile

We've had quite a journey, love

You should rest a while


Loknar: When you blush, The same I do

To feel your love - oh yes, it's true

My sweet Washuu

Please understand how much I love you

Washuu and Loknar: Sleep my darling, sleep my darling

Dream of somewhere far away

Do you remember still

How I hope you always will

Keep the mem'ry of the day 

We fell in love

(Instrumental)

Washuu and Loknar: Sleep my darling, sleep my darling

Dream of somewhere far away

Do you remember still

How I hope you always will

Keep the mem'ry of the day 

We fell in love

::End song::

While they were singing, Loknar and Washuu kept their eyes on each other, looking into each other's eyes, 
as they moved about the stage. They peered into their souls, their love very visible in them, their souls 
overflowing with pure, unkillable love, circulating through their vanes. As the song was about to finish, 
they kissed gently, the audience standing up and clapping, giving them a huge standing ovation. The both 
of them had sung very beautifully, their voices forever imprinted into the minds of those around them.

Loknar and Washuu smiled at the crowd, and bowed, hand in hand.

As they stepped down from the stage, a man wearing a suit approached them.

"You two are wonderful singers! I can sign you on for a contract right now, and -" Before the man in the 
suit could finish, Loknar interrupted.

"No thank you. My girlfriend and I are not interested in that." Loknar said, his arm still around her as they 
walked out the door, to the car.

The sun was beginning to set, the sky a mix of reds, purples, oranges, and pinks. The first stars of the night 
were coming out, mostly in the pink and red regions, smiling down upon the two lovers.

"Let's go home, my love." Loknar whispered, kissing her gently.

They got into the car, and drove back, smiling and happy, soon reaching the Masaki residence.

By the time they got home, dinner was finished.

As they walked in the door, Sasami giggled.

"That was a long date." Tenchi said, coming into the room. "What did you do?"

"We saw a movie, had dinner, and sang at a Karaoke bar." Washuu replied.

Mihoshi then walked in.

"Did you two, umm....." She blushed.

"Not yet. We're going to do that soon." Washuu said, causing herself and Loknar to blush a bright red. 
"Let's go, my love."

"Goodnight everybody!" They called, as they walked into their lab.

"I'll get some of that special wine. It has aged for a few thousand years, so it should have a very distinct 
taste." Loknar said, pulling a bottle out of a cabinet.

"I'll get the glasses - But we need to get prepared, if you know what I mean. Computer, add two doors to 
the bedroom, and surround each with a small changing room." As Washuu said that, two smaller rooms 
appeared, connected to their bedroom in the middle of the lab, under the huge skylight.

Loknar went into one room, carrying a small box and the wine, Washuu doing the same in the other room.

A few minutes later...

"How about we go into the room at once, my love?" Loknar asked.

"Allright. At the count of three...." Washuu responded, "One...Two...Three!"

Both of them opened their doors, stepping into the room, but nearly dropping what they were carrying 
when they saw the grandeur of each other.

Washuu wore beautiful lingerie, with pantyhose, really bringing out her angelic features, while not leaving 
much to the imagination. She wore lipstick, and carried two elegant wine glasses.

Loknar, on the other hand, wore nothing but a small blue speedo. His bare body could be easily seen, and 
his clothing also didn't leave much to take off.

The both of them looked spectacular, so much in fact that they just stared at each other, before going into 
the four poster bed, and putting the wine and glasses on the nightstand.

"You are so beautiful....I cannot describe it with my words." Loknar whispered, moving closer to her.

"You are so handsome and cute....I don't know how to say it all." She responded, in the same manner.

"W-Would you l-l-like to make love?" Loknar stammered, overcome by her beauty.

"Y-Y-Yes." Washuu said, quietly.

They put their arms around each other, and began to kiss, very passionately, their tongues literally making 
love to one another, and their hands going anywhere they pleased.

Within an hour, the most beautiful lovemaking of their lives happened. There were no vulgar words or 
slang, the words used by common folk unknown to them. All that they uttered were words of holy and 
undying love, expanding out into infinity. There was no pain, or uncomfortable moments, as all was 
pleasure and kindness, without a hint of hesitation. Throughout the lovely event, they pressed themselves 
against each other, caressing in the most pleasurable and wonderful ways that a man and woman can. Their 
gentleness and expertise at this could not be matched by any being in history. They released into each other 
several times, and always ready to continue. By the time that they finished, their clothing was on the floor, 
and the bottle of wine near empty.

Washuu, with her eyes closed, cuddled with the man that he loved. Loknar did the same, gently running his 
fingers through the hair of his true love.

"How are you tonight, my darling, my goddess?" He whispered, gently kissing her neck.

"Wonderful, my dearest. You are the only person in the Multiverse that has shown me true love, and true 
kindness. How are you tonight?" She responded.

"I feel as if I have gone to heaven, and am in the arms of the loveliest, sexiest angel in all of creation."

She smiled, moving over a little bit.

Loknar, knowing what she wanted, moved down a little bit, gently kissing her bosom, making small circles 
around them with his fingers. She moaned happily, and began to kiss his neck, in the same fashion.

"I love you, Washuu." He whispered.

"I love you, Tassi." She said, in the same way.

They then hugged, kissing softly.

"You remind me very much of someone from my past. During that time, I was known as Dionysus, and -"

"I was known as Athena..." Washuu said, pleasantly suprised.

She began to speak Ancient Greek, and he understood, talking in the same way.

She grinned, and kissed him deeply.

"I thought I had lost you back then, in ancient Greece, my Washuu, my Athena." Loknar whispered.

"I thought I would never see you as well, my Tassi, my Dioni." She whispered back.

"Oh, it was so long ago...three thousand years or so. I can remember it like it was recent. The Council had 
assigned myself and my fellow Oanaiim to Earth, to encourage science and growth to Earth. I had been 
apprehensive at first about pretending to be a god, to spark knowledge, until I met you, 
Athena...err...Washuu. You weren't on the list as an Oanai."

"While Kagato imprisoned me, I was able to project myself for a time in some part outside the Soja, 
however to only one place, Ancient Greece, that my computer had happened to decide upon. We met, and 
soon fell in love, there, in old Acheaea, until Kagato discovered me..."

"Then I thought that I would never see you again, my dearest. Thank God we are together once more...."

On Loknar's back, faint, glowing wings appeared, that Loknar couldn't quite see.

"Your wings are showing, my love." Washuu giggled.

"I know, my goddess." Loknar responded, smiling.

....

Now, when the child of morning, Rosy-Fingered Dawn, came over the hills.....

--End--
