Introduction for the Orion Chronicles

-----------------

Copyrights, etc: This fanfic series is meant for entertainment purposes 
only, and I don't own any of the characters, except for the ones which 
I made up. Tenchi Muyo and TenchiTV/Universe is the property of AIC and 
Pioneer. Some of the names of my characters (specifically Loknar) and 
their backstrory is very lightly based off of Mircroprose's Master of 
Orion II, an old PC game that I still enjoy.

Fanfic Notes: I hope to make a lot of minifics out of this series, some 
comedic lemons. However, in this fanfic series, it will only get as 
lemony as the OAV itself does, with hinting at such things, without 
them actually happening. Therefore, this fanfic should be classified 
under the normal section.

Secondly, I will try to incorporate elements of the Tenchi TV series 
into the OAV, such as Nagi, Kiyone, or Ken-Ohki, and possibly change 
them a little, so they would fit.

This is also my first fanfic, so I am unsure as whether it is good or 
not. I would very much enjoy the opinion of anyone who happens to take 
a glance at this. My email is the_guardian20@hotmail.com, if you would 
like to critique this. 

Lastly, it should be noted that this fanfic would take place exactly 
where OAV 13B leaves off.

Loknar Of Orion, 3/27/01

Fanfic Chapter - Began: 3/27/01. Finished 3/29/01

----

Tenchi Muyo! Episode 14: They Came from the Heavens

(Orion Chronicles, Chapter 1)


A small ship skidded across the vast ocean of space, the silver and 
black wings glowing in the pale starlight, the product of the fine job 
done on the matience of the craft. The ship seemed to be alone in this 
dark void, accompanied only by the stars and the occasional rock that 
aimlessly floated by. The scene would seem bleak and empty on the 
outside. Inside, however, was a different story.

"Fine, Dad, you can have the controls....For the love of God..." 
Mumbled a handsome, middle-aged man to a man that seemed to be only 
slightly older than him. His voice was deep, young, and powerful, the 
words echoing slightly, even in the small space of the ship. The young 
man had brownish-black hair, which seemed dull in the small light 
within the ship. His deep blue eyes seemed annoyed, and tired, and he 
had a similar expression on his face, his glasses shining a little. He 
looked around 23, and wore civilian clothing, with thick, hard boots, 
faded blue jeans, and a camouflage T-shirt. On his arms, there were 
several scars, from when he had been in battle. There was a serial 
number forcefully tattooed on his right arm, but the shirt covered it.

"I just want to try something. I don't understand your persistence in 
not giving me a turn at flying this marvelous thing." His father 
replied, in a voice that was wise, yet had something quite similar to 
an English accent. His long, natural white hair hung against his 
shoulders and the back of his seat, and a mischievous look on his 
ocean-blue eyes with glasses, as well as his face. He looked slightly 
older, and wore white sneakers, khaki pants, a long white shirt, and a 
white lab jacket.

Around them were a few compartments, filled with supplies, books, 
scientific instruments, clothing, and suitcases. In the seat in between 
the two men was a large, plastic-like egg. The inside seemed cloudy, as 
a white gas fluttered about the inside, but a small animal could be 
seen in the middle of it. It was gently breathing, a very faint purr 
coming out of it. The egg seemed to be a suspended animation or healing 
capsule.

The father of the brown-haired man grinned suddenly, as the ship took a 
huge dive, then coming straight up at an enormous speed.

"What the hell are you doing?" The young man yelled, his seat belt not 
being able to hold him as he bounced off the seat because of the dive's 
steeples.

"I was testing an aerodynamical idea. If the ship's constant travels at 
90 degrees due south -"

"Quit the science talk. I'm a layman, not a genius like you!"

"I was working on a way to get to our destination quicker, by going 
into a specific dive, that would, in theory, cut ten minutes from our 
trip."

"You could have told me first, dad!"

"If it was very important, I would tell you."

"Even so, you should tell me before you rattle the whole ship."

His father sighed.

"The Greatest Scientific Genius in the Multiverse had a son born to 
him, with the intelligence of a monkey on hallucinogenic drugs."

As the two bickered quietly, a small, unexpected ship came out of a 
small, red portal. The ship had the insignia of the letter Omega, red, 
in a field of black.

A small compartment opened in the ship, and a cannon came into view. It 
hummed quietly, glowing a little bit. A burst of light flew out of the 
barrel, speeding toward the two men's ship.

"I told you, please -" The father said, suddenly caught off by the ship 
shaking, as the plasmatic bolt hit it in the back.

His son looked into the cockpit window.

"Great. A Melkar drone...." He mumbled. He took a scan of it, pressing 
a few buttons on the nearby control panel, and his eyes went wide. 
"Damnation! This isn't an ordinary Melkar drone.....It's a Kortalis-
class! A small science vessel..."

"Well, kill it then. You can have the controls back." The father said, 
handing the controls back to his son.

He gladly took back the helm, and maneuvered the ship around, quickly 
initiating a small missile pack near the bottom of the ship. He 
released one, and it hit the Melkar ship straight on, causing a huge 
explosion. They were now on the offensive. The Melkar ship tried to 
retreat, but the son aimed a laser cannon at it, the powerful refracted 
light causing major damage to the Melkar ship. A turret on the Melkar 
ship opened in response, firing a similar cannon at them, getting in 
just as much shots. The battle went on for a few minutes, until the 
Melkar ship was damaged beyond repair.

Suddenly, out of the darkness of the vast void of space, a portal 
opened in front of the Melkar vessel. It glowed a light blue, almost 
welcoming those about to enter it, like a blue sky would to a bird. The 
Melkar ship flew in, even as its engines were beginning to malfunction, 
evidenced by the flicking of the plasma exhaust.

"I'm not letting that SOB get away easy." The son rasped, not caring 
that his ship was just as damaged as the Melkars.

As they entered the portal, the background changed. All around them 
were swirling mists and colors, strange objects all around. In the 
distance, a peaceful blue sky could be seen.

They followed the Melkar ship, and they soon reached the other end of 
the portal. It opened onto the sky above a very beautiful valley. Below 
them was rolling hills, brimming with the green of life, as well as a 
small pond, sitting right next to an ingeniously designed house. The 
sun hung high in the beautiful blue sky of the summer morning, birds 
singing quietly in the air, their song echoing throughout the treetops 
and hills.

The Melkar tried to speed off, but the son let one final burst of his 
cannon. The Melkar ship exploded in mid-air, the pieces falling into 
the lake, some causing huge splashes that rocked the house.

"There! Killed him!" The son said. Suddenly, his expression changed, as 
his own ship started to plunge into the ground near the banks of the 
lake. "Damnit! We're done for!"

"According to my calculations, we will survive, without major injury. 
The ship, however, is another story." The white-haired man said, 
sounding bored.

"Where the heck are we?"

"From what I can see, we are in an mirror universe, on Earth, probably 
around the late Twentieth century to the early Twenty-first, in rural 
Japan, probably Okayama."

The ship sped toward the ground.

Meanwhile, inside the house, a beautiful cyan-haired woman was lying on 
the couch, napping peacefully, the TV quietly playing in the 
background. A smile was on her face, as she dreamed about the man that 
she loved. "Tenchi..." She whispered in her sleep.

Suddenly, she was woken up by the sound of the TV suddenly going way 
up.

A purple haired woman, wearing an elaborate kimono, sat in a chair 
nearby, with the remote in her hand.

"On the market today, the Nikkei index fell five points, narrowly 
trailing the Dow Jones Industrial..." The reporter on the TV said, 
reading from the papers on his desk.

"Ayeka! What are you doing?" The cyan haired woman shouted at the woman 
nearby her.

"I want to see the news, Ryoko!" She responded.

"The news??? You never watch the news! Why the heck do you want to see 
it now?"

"I would like to see if anyone saw Azuza's ship take off. People saw 
when our ships crashed here, so it would be interesting to see if they 
saw what happened here yesterday!"

"At least you could have woken me up first!"

"I thought nothing could wake you up! You slept straight through lunch, 
you know!"

"Yeah, so what's it to you?"

"Sasami was disappointed that you missed breakfast. She had prepared 
some Ramen and some Miso soup using a new recipe. She was expecting you 
to try some."

"Well, I'm sorry. That doesn't mean you have the right to barge in and 
turn the TV up to a gazillion gigawats or whatever Washuu calls it! You 
nearly burst my eardrums with that thing!"

Ayeka simply growled at her, and changed the channel onto one where 
there was a day-time soap opera.

"Oh, my dearest! I love you so much!" A male character on the TV said 
to the female next to him.

"Please, please kiss me!" The female on the TV responded, promptly 
kissing the male very passionately.

"Hey, this is getting good." Ryoko said, quickly sitting up, and 
watching the TV closely, Ayeka already doing just that.

In the kitchen, a pretty little girl, with long cyan hair, was quietly 
doing dishes, and humming to herself. A small, gray cabbit was next to 
her, watching her.

"Meow!" The cabbit said quietly, with pleading, bambi-like eyes.

"Not right now Ryo-Ohki. We're fresh out of carrots, and we have to 
wait until Tenchi gets back from the carrot fields with them." The girl 
responded.

Ryo-Ohki meowed sadly, and paced a little bit, waiting until she could 
finally get to that delicious vegetable.

After a few minutes, a black haired boy entered the kitchen, a basket 
full of vegetables in his hands. His clothing looked dirty, as he had 
just came back from his chore.

"Hi Sasami! I have some more carrots and celery for you." He said, 
setting the basket by the cabbit.

"Hi Tenchi! I'm glad you're back! Ryo-Ohki really wanted some carrots." 
Sasami responded.

"Meow?" The cabbit said, going up to Tenchi, and changing into her 
little girl form, kneeling, and looking at him with pleading eyes.

Tenchi smiled. "Sure, you can have some carrots, Ryo-Ohki."

The cabbit meowed happily, and quickly ate a few carrots. After she 
finished, she quickly went up to Tenchi, and gently hugged him, 
thanking him.

"You're welcome, Ryo-Ohki." Tenchi said, smiling.

He then looked into the other room, and saw Ryoko and Ayeka avidly 
watching the television.

"It's amazing when there's moments like this, where the two of them 
don't fight." Tenchi said, sighing.

Suddenly, the house shook, as water from the pond splashed onto the 
windows, and there was the sound of a ship crashing.

"It's not Mihoshi, since she's sleeping in her room. It has to be 
someone else!" Tenchi said, running outside, the others following.

Near the pond was the smoking wreckage of a small, silvery ship, with 
boxes and compartments strewn all over the place.

The group just stared at it for a moment.

"Is there anyone in there?" Tenchi said, loudly.

"Two." The father said, stepping out of the wreckage, his son 
following. They weren't hurt, only a little singed, exactly what the 
father had predicted.

"Who are you?" Tenchi asked, walking toward him.

"I am Tassixar Loknar, the Greatest Scientific Genius in the 
Multiverse! I prefer to be called Loknar, so if you could, I would be 
grateful. And over there is my son, Joseph." The father said, smiling.

"How'd ya crash?" Ryoko asked, stepping to the front. "By the way, 
you'll have to debate that title with Washuu."

As Joseph saw Ryoko, his eyes went wide. She seemed to be exactly like 
his Miranda, his long lost fiancee. From her voice to her looks, she 
was exactly like her, the only difference being the color of her hair - 
Miranda's was slightly darker. Miranda had been killed by the barbarian 
known as Koros, about five years before. Joseph missed Miranda very 
much, his heart burning as he saw Ryoko.

"The engines broke down." Joseph responded, quietly.

He picked up the small suspended animation capsule, containing the 
animal. It still looked sound asleep, and quite peaceful.

"I can assure you, madam, that I am the most intelligent being ever 
born." Loknar said to Ryoko, a confident look on his face.

"I protest that remark." A small, red haired woman said, walking over, 
and looking at Loknar.

"Howso, little lady?" Loknar asked, stepping closer.

"I, Washuu, am the Greatest Scientific Genius!" She responded, loudly.

"Please....I don't want another Ryoko-Ayeka feud beginning..." Tenchi 
grumbled to himself.

"Come on inside! We're just about to have lunch." Sasami said, smiling.

Everyone went back inside, including Loknar and Joseph. They knew the 
crashed ship would not burn, as it was slowly moving into the lake.

They all sat down at the table, Sasami bringing the food in.

A blonde woman soon came down the stairs, yawning. She looked at 
Joseph, smiled, and blushed.

"Do we have more guests?" She asked.

"Yup. This is Loknar and Joseph." Tenchi said, turning his head to her.

Mihoshi quickly sat down.

"How about I introduce everyone to you two?" Tenchi said to Loknar and 
Joseph, as soon as the food was on the table. "Over there is Mihoshi, a 
Galaxy Police Detective, Ryoko, a Space Pirate, Ayeka, Crown Princess 
of Jurai, her sister, Sasami, and Washuu, the self-proclaimed Greatest 
Scientific Genius, and you already know me. My father is at work, and 
my Grandfather is at the shrine, and should be back soon."

Ryoko suddenly put her arms around Tenchi.

"Gahh!" Said Tenchi, suprised.

"See, Ayeka? Tenchi loves me. He introduced me first!" Ryoko said, 
grinning.

"Just because he said your name first does not mean anything, Ryoko!" 
Ayeka responded, getting angry.

"It means that my name comes to mind first, princess, and not yours."

"It comes to mind that you're an evil demoness!"

"And it comes to mind that you're a royal pain in the butt!"


Tenchi tried to calm their growing fight.

A bead of sweat appeared on Joseph's forehead.

"Is that normal?" He asked Tenchi.

"Every day, many times." Tenchi responded, sadly.

Loknar snickered quietly, thinking of what Tenchi had said of Washuu.

"What's so funny?" Washuu asked him, as everyone else began to eat, 
especially Ryoko, who shoveled the food into her mouth. Joseph ate 
slowly, as he seemed unaccustomed to chopsticks.

"You're a child....You can't be a scientific genius, let alone the 
best." Loknar said.

Washuu simply laughed evilly, and changed into her shapely and 
beautiful adult form.

Loknar simply smiled a little more.

"How old are you really, Ms. Washuu?" Loknar asked.

"Over 20,000 years old." Washuu answered, simply.

Loknar seemed a little suprised, but regained his composure.

"A few million years over here." Loknar said, speaking about himself.

It didn't seem to suprise Washuu.

"Age does not equal more intelligence, Mr. Loknar" Washuu said, taking 
a bite of her food.

"It's more than that, Ms. Washuu." Loknar responded.

"So where are you from, Joseph?" Tenchi asked, trying to avert the 
eventual feud between Loknar and Washuu.

"From a mirror universe of this one, from what I can tell, and a little 
bit in the future, as well. From where I'm from, it is around 2023 AD, 
while it is about more than twenty years earlier here. I came from 
Earth, and I was born and brought up in America. I didn't know Loknar 
until recently, as I had been brought up by my Terran parents." Joseph 
said.

"How can you have two sets of parents then?" Tenchi asked. He didn't 
seem suprised that Joseph was from another universe, time, and country. 
He had seen things weirder than that in the past few years.

"Technically, I am 51% Orion, and 49% Human. From what my father has 
told me, he had been planning my birth for quite awhile, seeding 
previous generations of my family with Orion DNA. The Orion DNA was 
very strong, and kept being the dominant genes in my family, up to me. 
When I met Loknar, he turned on something that initiated some 
'sleeping' genes inside of me, that made me mostly Orion. I still am 
very grateful of him for that." Joseph responded.

"Still, how can he be your father?"

"I'm estranged from my human family. My mother was a British MI-6 
agent, always pre-occupied with her work. The same goes for my father, 
a Russian Car Corporation owner, as well as my brothers and sisters. 
They all cared about money, and rarely paid attention to me. Loknar, on 
the other hand, paid a lot of attention to me. I am his only son, after 
all. So I do consider him to be my true father." Joseph said, 
finishing.

"What is an Orion, though?" Mihoshi asked, a large amount of food in 
her mouth at the time.

Loknar turned around to her, out of the trance of his angry stare at 
Washuu, and hers at him.

"An Orion is a being of the species Orionus Sapien, which is what 
myself and over half of my son are. They are essentially the same as 
humans, the only exceptions being that an Orion's tears are dark blue, 
and that there is a very high chance of developing telekinetic or 
mental powers, stimulated by a unique chemical balance within the 
cerebellum." He explained. Mihoshi had the usual blank look on her 
face, however.

"What?" She asked.

"An Orionus Sapien."

"Huh?"

"A sentient being native to the planet Orion or the surrounding star 
system."

"What?"

"My son and I."

"Who?"

"Me and him!"

"Oh." Mihoshi answered, finally getting it.

"Do you have to deal with her a lot?" Loknar asked Washuu, forgetting 
about their little feud for a little.

"A lot. She messes up my lab as well." Washuu responded, depressed by 
Mihoshi's incompetence.

Loknar suddenly remembered.

"You have a lab?" Loknar asked.

"Yup." Washuu said.

"Let me see it. I can bet that mine is much more powerful than yours." 
Loknar said.

"Yeah, right. I'll show you after lunch, nitwit." Washuu responded, 
grumbling.

An old man finally walked in, wearing the typical clothing of a Shinto 
Priest.

"Hi, Grandpa. We have two new guests." Tenchi said to him, "Over there 
is Joseph, and nearby is Loknar. Joseph and Loknar this is my 
Grandfather, Kasuhito, sometimes known as Yosho."

Yosho nodded, and sat down.

Under the table, Ryo-Ohki, back in her cabbit form, sniffed at the 
capsule that Joseph had brought in, and had placed under his seat.

She meowed at it, and poked at it a little with her paw.

"I almost forgot to introduce Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko's cabbit-ship to you." 
Tenchi said, after hearing her meows.

Joseph and Loknar smiled at her, and she gave a happy meow back.

Ryo-Ohki went out from under the table, and quickly changed into her 
little girl form, with a puff of smoke, and did her little meow song.

Joseph and Loknar smiled more.

"Wonderful!" Joseph said, picking her up and hugging her.

Everyone smiled as well.

Loknar then picked her up.

"Great performance!" Loknar said, hugging her as well.

"You remind me of someone, you know..." Loknar said.

Ryo-Ohki gave an interested meow.

"I can show him to you?"

Ryo-Ohki answered positively.

Loknar took the capsule that she had been pawing at from under the 
table, and put it near her.

He pushed a few buttons on the capsule controls.

Everyone watched quietly, all other conversations stopping to look at 
it.

The small dome on the plastic capsule opened, and a thick white mist 
exited it, revealing a sleeping cabbit, with white fur, about the same 
size as Ryo-Ohki. The cabbit blinked a little bit, and opened an eye.

"This is Ken-Ohki. He is essentially my second son, and can change his 
biological structure on the drop of a hat, usually to the form of a 
small boy, teenager, and a starship. He has a direct telepathic link to 
myself and Joseph. He had been in that capsule for a few days, 
sleeping. He had gotten into Joseph's coffee, and was up for a few 
nights." Loknar said, explaining the awakening cabbit.

"Ryo-Ohki is the exact same for me, being my second daughter, changes 
of her biological structure, and the telepathic link. Ryo-Ohki has 
never had caffeine before, though." Washuu said, watching Loknar. They 
seemed to have forgotten their little feud again, and they just watched 
the two cabbits interact.

"Another cabbit! Ryo-Ohki has another cabbit to play with now!" Sasami 
said, smiling.

Ken-Ohki jumped a little when he saw Ryo-Ohki.

"Ciao?" He asked the other cabbit. They both circled each other, 
checking each other.

"Meow." She responded, sniffing the air a little.

They didn't seem to know what to make of each other. For minutes, they 
puttered around, examining each other. There was no hostility, or 
friendliness.

The basket of carrots and celery that Tenchi had brought from the 
fields earlier suddenly fell with ease to the floor by the cabbits, as 
if that was fated to happen.

Both of the cabbits' eyes lit up with happiness, and they both 
instinctively began to devour the carrots, leaving the celery alone.

"Aw, great! That stuff took months to grow!" Tenchi said.

"Don't worry, Tenchi...I'll help you get more carrots." Ryoko said, 
winking.

"Is that supposed to mean something, Ryoko?" Ayeka asked angrily.

"Maybe it did, maybe it didn't." Ryoko responded, smugly.

Ryoko and Ayeka continued fighting until the two cabbits had ate the 
whole basket, except for one small carrot.

The two cabbits looked at the carrot, then each other. Then the carrot 
again.

Ken-Ohki gently pushed the carrot towards Ryo-Ohki.

Ryo-Ohki gave him an asking meow, and he nodded, saying it was 
allright.

She quickly ate it, and then went over and licked his cheek.

Sasami couldn't resist.

She went down to the two of them and hugged, them, both of them meowing 
happily.

Ryoko smiled as well, but a mischievous idea came into her head, seeing 
that Ayeka, like the others, was watching the event closely.

Very gently, and quietly, she poured a cup of water onto the table, 
directly near Ayeka. The water began to drip a little bit...

"What the? How did my Kimono become wet?" Ayeka cried, horrified by how 
the water made her appear.

Ryoko was laughing her head off at this.

"Ryoko! You miscreant!" Ayeka yelled, her anger from earlier coming 
back to her.

"Ooo....Did the widdle princess have an accident?" Ryoko said, 
teasingly.

Several wooden logs began to appear around Ayeka.

"Girls....please...." Tenchi said, trying to break them up. They didn't 
listen at all.

"What exactly are those logs?" Joseph asked Tenchi.

"You'll see. And if you are wondering, this happens quite often with 
them." Tenchi responded.

"Duck and cover...Thank goodness that we all finished lunch before 
this." Washuu said, darting out into another nearby room, many of the 
others following.

Only Mihoshi and Loknar stayed.

"Dad! Come on!" Joseph said, gesturing for his father to follow him to 
the other room with the others.

"I'll be allright. I'll take a scan of it and analyze the energy 
released from the fight. Besides, it seems safe enough - The blonde 
girl seems allright with it." Loknar said, a translucent, floating 
silver computer appearing before him. He did a few keystrokes, and a 
meter of some sort appeared on the screen. The dial on the meter was 
raised a little, as Ayeka's logs were charging.

"Hey! That's my idea!" Washuu said angrily, seeing Loknar's computer.

"Eh? No, no, no, Miss Washuu. I invented this several thousand years 
ago!" Loknar responded.

Washuu stomped over to him, forgetting the battle about to happen 
between Ayeka and Ryoko.

She turned on her computer, and showed him.

"We'll check the copyright date on both to be sure." Loknar said, 
skeptical of her. They entered some commands on their computers, and 
the year, right down to the day and time, was identical.

"Impossible..." They both said at once.

"I'll teach you to play pranks on me, Miss Ryoko!" Ayeka yelled, energy 
flying out of her logs at her.

The energy hit Ryoko, and she was burnt a little bit by it.

"So you wanna play games, princess?" Ryoko said, her light orb 
appearing in her hand. She clenched that fist, and it turned into an 
energy blade.

She swung it at Ayeka, and knocked down a few of the logs.

In her other hand, another orb appeared, and she hurled that at Ayeka, 
who dodged.

"Umm....Could you stop fighting? Ryoko? Ayeka?" Mihoshi said, tapping 
on each of their shoulders. They didn't seem to care. She stepped back 
a little, and narrowly missed being hit by Ryoko's orb, but she didn't 
even notice.

Ryoko almost roared as she hurled another orb at Ayeka, who was able to 
dodge again, the sphere of energy landing right on the table, 
destroying both that and the remnants of the meal.

Ayeka retaliated with another blast of energy from her logs.

"I'll get you yet, princess!" Ryoko yelled, the energy slightly singing 
her.

The fighting continued for a few more minutes, most of the dining room 
being destroyed in the process.

During the fight, Joseph watched Ryoko battle Ayeka. She was quite 
strong, just as strong as Miranda was, back when she was alive. 
Throughout the battle, Joseph's memories hit him. He watched, and 
thought.

Ryoko and Ayeka were on the ground, at opposite ends of the former 
room, panting and exhausted.

"I told you, Mr. Loknar, that I did not alter the copyright date by 
hacking into my own computer!" Washuu said to Loknar, the both of them 
not even noticing that the fight even happened.

"I am sure you..." He stopped, and glanced around the room for a 
second.

"What? What are you looking at?" Washuu asked.

He simply turned her head toward the destruction.

"I see." She said.

Everyone else finally came back into the room, as the fight had ended.

Ryoko and Ayeka slowly got up, most of their energy depleted by the 
brawl.

"Believe me, this does happen every day." Tenchi grumbles.

Loknar gets an idea, and goes up to Tenchi.

"Is there a small room that I could borrow? A closet or a lavatory 
perhaps?" Loknar asked him.

"You have a lab like Washuu does?" Tenchi asked.

"Yes, I do. It's already built, stored in a small pocket dimension, and 
all it needs is a connection to this universe, via a doorway." Loknar 
said.

Loknar sees a small bathroom, on the other side of the stairs from 
Washuu's lab.

"May I use that, Tenchi?"

"Well.....I guess."

"Good. I will build a bathroom in its' place promptly - After I help 
clean up here." Loknar said, rushing off to the bathroom.

Washuu followed, skeptical that his lab would be that spectacular.

Out of his lab coat pocket, Loknar took out a small vial of liquid.

Washuu wondered the purpose of it.

He took the plastic cork out of the vial, and put a little bit of the 
liquid on the door, and smeared it around the entire doorframe.

He clapped his hands once, and the door glowed.

He then gently opened the door, and it opened to a large lab that 
seemed to be unpacking itself. Inside the lab, huge inventions towered 
over tables and chairs, huge computer networks dotted the area, shelves 
and shelves of chemicals were everywhere, huge tanks of aquatic animals 
and gigantic terrariums full of land animals around every corner, and a 
small TV by the wall. It was much like Washuu's lab, with the exception 
of the television. As he opened the door, a small stuffed swallow, 
which seemed to have bells in it, jingled. It was very reminiscent of 
Washuu's stuffed crab on her door.

Loknar smiled as it jingled.

"That stuffed swallow seems familiar. I can remember seeing in many 
times in a certain happy part of my past, but it seems blurry.....All I 
can recall is a shield..." Washuu thought to herself.

Washuu watched closely as Loknar took a small black box out of a 
cabinet.

He hummed quietly, closing the door, and going back to the living room, 
and didn't even see that Washuu had saw his lab.

"That stuffed swallow seems familiar. I can remember seeing in many 
times in a certain happy part of my past, but it seems blurry.....All I 
can recall is a shield..." Washuu thought to herself.

Joseph, Tenchi, and Kasuhito tried to pick up what was left of the 
room. Sasami and Mihoshi were tending to Ayeka and Ryoko's wounds at 
the moment, so they couldn't help.

Loknar set the black box down nearby them, and pushed the button.

A 3D interface screen appeared, with text in a language that seemed odd 
to Tenchi and Kasuhito. Joseph seemed to know it, and it looked as 
though he could read it. The language was very geometrical and orderly, 
with smaller letters over and below some of the normal letters, as if 
to signify vowels or something like it.

"What language is that, Loknar" Tenchi queried.

"What could be considered 'modern' Orion. There aren't many Orions in 
our native universe for the moment, so this is the latest language 
variation that we had....I'll get into the details of why a little 
later." Loknar said, making some selections.

A green gas ejected from the box as he made one selection, the gas 
flying onto the damaged areas of the room, the gas somehow cleaning the 
ashes off of the floor and wood, and repairing other parts of it.

"Interesting...." Washuu thought, scanning the gas with her computer, 
"He definitely knows how to control his nano-robots..."

For the furniture that was totally destroyed, exact clones of them 
popped out of the black box as Loknar selected more objects.

Soon, it was done.

"Thank you, Loknar! Now we don't have to spend a large amount of yen 
repairing the place as usual! Can you do this very often?" Tenchi said, 
brimming with glee, as they didn't have to be on a strict budget this 
week, thanks to Loknar.

"Easily." Loknar said, bowing.

While this happened, Washuu had quickly healed Ayeka and Ryoko, and 
didn't notice that he had fully repaired the room. She had turned off 
her computer, so she could heal them, after she had scanned the green 
gas.

When she saw the room replaced, a bead of sweat appeared on her 
forehead, and she almost did a double-take.

"How did you do that so quickly? A complete matter transmorgrifiction 
like that would take at least another minute before it had even almost 
completed! How did you do that, Mr. Loknar?" Washuu asked.

"Simple. A nano-quadrinator is placed in a Xenotronium base, and..." 
Loknar said, the both of them getting into heavy scientific discussion, 
their feud again behind them for the moment.

Mihoshi listened in, and finally spoke up.

"So....umm.....How did what to what to who?" She asked, with that blank 
stare.

"You don't need to know." Washuu told her.

"Huh?"

"You don't." Loknar told Mihoshi.

"What?"

"Go away. You're bothering me." Both of them said to Mihoshi, at once.

They talked for a little more, but their conversation soon turned into 
their little feud again.

"No, I did not get that from your system! I hardly know you, madam!" 
Loknar told Washuu.

Joseph finally broke them up.

"Save it for later, the both of you." Joseph grumbled, stepping in 
between them.

"Tenchi; Aren't you going to show our new visitors their rooms?" 
Kasuhito asked him.

"I'm starting to feel like a bellboy..." Tenchi grumbled. "Yes, 
Grandpa!"

"I don't want to bother you for a room, so I can easily sleep in my 
lab. I have a bed there and everything." Loknar told Tenchi. "Thank you 
for the offer, though." He bowed.

Tenchi turned to Joseph.

"Well, I'll show you your room then." He told him.

Joseph's room was on the other side of the hall, upstairs, directly 
opposite of Ryoko's.

"Thank you, Tenchi. I'll be back in a moment. I just need to get some 
of my possessions out of my ship before it sinks into the lake." Joseph 
said, after Tenchi showed him his room.

Joseph ran outside, just as the ship was about to fully sink. However, 
he managed to get all of possessions out of the ship, even though a few 
were a little wet, as the ship sank.

Ken-Ohki had followed him outside.

"Ciao?" He asked his friend.

"I'm bringing my books, clothing, and possessions inside." Joseph told 
him.

Ken-Ohki then gave him an odd look.

"My God! I almost forgot! Thank you for reminding me!" Joseph said, 
pulling an odd, carrot-shaped and colored machine from the ship, as the 
last tap of it went underwater, the air bubbles leaking from it.

"I'm so sorry I forgot about your scratching post, Ken-Ohki." Joseph 
said, petting the cabbit on the head.

"Ciao!" Ken-Ohki said happily, essentially saying that it was allright.

Joseph began to bring his possessions upstairs to his room, Ken-Ohki 
following.

By the time he finished the long trek from way upstairs to the lake 
many times, dinner was fast approaching.

Joseph and Ken-Ohki raced to the newly-restored dining room, ready to 
have their first dinner at the Maskai residence.

----

Meanwhile...

Far away, off in space, something dark smiled, in a deep sleep.

Around it, shattered pieces of a huge starship silently orbited one 
another, floating in the deep vacuum. 

It turned its' tired eyes to the sky. 

The star to the northwest was as red as blood, an omen that its' 
brother was coming. 

The Resurrection will begin soon enough.


