-----

Copyrights, etc: Tenchi Muyo! and all corresponding characters are the properties of AIC and Pioneer, and 
I do not own them, although I know the people that do are quite rich. All other characters are mine, since I 
created them. When God created the world, he owned all rights to his creations. Therefore, all fanfic writers 
own all characters created by them. Don't see the logic in this rambling? Neither do I! I do not owe Mr. 
George W. Bush anything, because he is a chain-smoking-hippie and a weenie.

Notes: This fanfic may contain some lime-scent soap. If you do not understand what that means, know that 
things might get a little racy in this fic, but only as much or as less than the Tenchi Muyo! series itself.

Also, this fanfic takes place a few months after Chapter 2 of this series.

Here goes a case of pure caffeine.....

Loknar of Orion, 4/13/01, late at night.

Fanfic began: 4/13/01. Fanfic finished: 4/28/01

*Updated 6/28/01 - Changed definition of the word Oanai (it was lame and not clear enough), and fixed the 
spelling and grammar. It took a heck of awhile...>_<*

----

Tenchi Muyo! Episode 16: The Romance of the two Geniuses.

(Orion Chronicles, Chapter 3)

When the child of morning, Rosy-Fingered dawn, came over the hills, the pond sparkled with renewed life, 
and the trees swayed slightly as if to welcome the new day. Birds opened their eyes, and tended to their 
young, and flowers opened up, their beautiful features becoming apparent.

"Ryoko! How dare you!" Yelled Ayeka, suddenly woken up.

As usual, Ryoko was in Tenchi's room, quietly waking him up, hoping for the chance of even the smallest 
kiss. Ayeka awoke at Ryoko's mention of Tenchi, also quite routine for this time of day.

The crown princess stormed into Tenchi's room, and pulled the former space pirate back from the half-
asleep young man.

"Wha...What's going on? Ayeka! Ryoko! Aw, not again!" Tenchi mumbled, pulling his pillow over his 
head, as the two women feuded over him.

"Why can't I be with Tenchi, Ayeka? He loves me!" Ryoko yelled.

"I doubt that he could love a demonic space pirate!" Ayeka replied.

"Oh, shut up, you old bag!"

The sound of this awoke one of the newest members of the Masaki household.

Joseph awoke from his deep slumber. He was in the middle of a wonderful dream, when he was woken up 
by two women screaming at each other. A frown was on his unshaven face as he got up, took his glasses off 
the nightstand, and placed them over his eyes. He reached over to the chair near his desk, and picked up the 
robe lying there, and put it on.

Yawning, he walked into Tenchi's room.

Ryoko and Ayeka were at the point of having a Battle Royale, until Joseph pulled them apart.

"Can you two please keep it down?" Joseph asked, quietly. The two nodded, only stopping because his robe 
was a little bit undone, and his toned chest was slightly visible. The two women were quite dedicated to 
Tenchi, but they couldn't resist looking at Joseph. He looked quite nice to them, just as good as Tenchi. 
They marveled at the fact that he didn't have a girlfriend as of yet. But they had no desire to marry him 
exactly, as their attention of that subject was mainly dedicated to Tenchi; Joseph was only their guilty 
pleasure.

After Joseph left, they began to fight once again, however on a different subject.

"Ayeka, I didn't know that you ogle people." Ryoko said, smirking.

"Miss Ryoko! I do not know what you are talking about! I was simply admiring him, while you were the 
one daydreaming about him!" Ayeka responded.

Joseph sighed, and ignored it, as this had become the norm for most mornings.

He passed by Mihoshi's room on the way downstairs. She was drawing something in a small notebook, 
already filled with drawings of different types, ranging from objects to people, and even some of Joseph. 
Even though she was a bubblehead most of the time, she was quite an artist. At the moment, she seemed to 
be drawing lightly, seemingly to make it erasable. She was drawing in the SD (super-deformed) style, 
specifically of herself hugging a dark-haired man, that looked very similar to Joseph.

Joseph stopped when he saw this, a bead of sweat appearing on his head.

She finally noticed him.

"Oh, good morning Joseph!" She blushed, as she was still in her pajamas, also quickly erasing what she had 
been drawing.

"Hi, Mihoshi." Joseph said, smiling.

He continued walking downstairs, finding Washuu and Loknar at the table.

"Hah! I knew it! You were counting the cards!" Washuu said, grinning.

"No, I wasn't! I don't really know how to play Juraian Poker, Miss Washuu." Loknar responded.

"That proves that I am the greater genius." Washuu answered, her grin larger.

"May I add that you didn't do that well at Orion Blackjack an hour or so ago?"

Washuu frowned.

"Darn. We are equal again!" She said quietly. Ever since Loknar and Joseph had arrived, Washuu used her 
child form less and less, instead using her more beautiful adult form, in which she looked the same age as 
Loknar did, around thirtyish.

Joseph rolled his eyes as he saw this. His father and Miss Washuu had been in a feud like Ryoko and 
Ayeka, except with no actual physical violence, and on the topic of whom was the most intelligent among 
them.

"I am still the greatest genius in the history of time, Miss. Your intelligence cannot compare to my 
intellectual abilities." Loknar laughed.

"Excuse me, 'Sir', I'm the big-brained one around here. Did you experiment on your mind at some time?" 
Washuu responded.

They both glared at each other for awhile, looking as if each despised their opponent, appearing to be 
wishing to fry their internal organs. That was on their faces, however. On the inside, in their minds, it was 
quite different.

"She is a very beautiful woman, this Washuu. She has this wry humor about her that makes me just smile, 
and her gentle grin just makes my soul warm. She is obviously the more intelligent one, leaving me second 
to her - I have finally found someone who could outdo me. If given the chance, I would surely enter a 
relationship with her, but that is impossible; I believe that she hates me. However, I swear that I have 
known her from somewhere in the distant past...." Loknar thought, maintaining his expression.

"Tassi seems quite attractive to me....I can obviously see where his son got his good looks. I know that he 
must have seen much in his life, as his eyes are wise and unblinking, and his quiet laugh is very 
reminiscent, tender and wonderful. This puts me in a very odd situation, as I view him as quite a cute man, 
yet I am fighting with him like my ignorant daughter and that princess. I can definitely tell that he is the 
smarter of the two of us, but I'll pull his leg for a little longer. If I ever get a chance to date him - I'd take it 
like that; But he seems to hate me, so that must be impossible..." Washuu thought, still just looking at him.

Sasami was in the kitchen, preparing breakfast, the two cabbits of the house sitting nearby her on the floor, 
begging for a small taste of what she was preparing.

"Mao?" Ken-Ohki asked, looking up at her with big, poor-deprived-pet eyes.

"Ken-Ohki, you have to wait a few more minutes, okay? I know you're hungry, but breakfast isn't ready 
yet." Sasami told him.

"Miya?" Ryo-Ohki asked, with the same expression as Ken-Ohki.

"You too, Ryo-Ohki. Well, I'll let you both have some carrots while you're waiting." Sasami said, pulling 
two carrots out of the cupboard, and happily giving them to the overjoyed cabbits, who promptly gobbled 
them up.

Joseph walked into the room.

"Hi, Sasami!" Joseph said, smiling.

"Good morning, Joseph!" Sasami responded, smiling back.

"Ciao!" Ken-Ohki said, quietly and happily. He wanted to tell Joseph something, quietly.

Joseph put his head near the cabbit.

"Cao, Ciao, Maao." The cabbit said, almost whispering.

Joseph grinned.

"Ryo-Ohki is officially your girlfriend now, huh?" Joseph said teasingly, causing both cabbits to blush, and 
Sasami to giggle.

"They're so cute!" She said, putting the cookware down, and picking up the cabbits, nuzzling them, who 
purred in response.

Joseph glanced at the wall calendar nearby, the date being August 5. It had been about two months since he 
and his father had arrived at the Masaki residence, and they had adapted easily in that time, becoming part 
of their family-like structure. Before he came here, he was always overworked, fighting battles, tending to 
work, suffering the stress of the hectic day, and the onslaught of depression from his past. When he came to 
the Masaki home, however, his soul was free, the depression replaced by joyfulness, and the work slowed 
to a few Galaxy Police assignments, and helping Tenchi tend the fields, something that he had become 
quite good at.

"I'll be back in a few minutes, Sasami. I'll be at the pylon for a little bit." He told her, Sasami nodding in 
response.

Joseph walked outside, the warm morning breeze coming upon him, filling his soul with the quiet, humble 
attitude of the area. In the trees above him, Joseph saw all of nature's little miracles in motion, from the 
waving of the branches, to the singing of the birds, the scurrying of the squirrels, and the reflection of the 
sun on the gentle waves of the pond.

Enjoying the scenery, he leisurely walked down the path, through a light forest, until he reached a node-like 
structure, a large crystal, shaped like a pyramid, with its' bottom connected to the bottom of another one, 
upside down, and reflecting much of the sunlight going into it, and illuminating the area around it. The 
crystal floated over a small, circular, metallic base, on which was inscribed Orion runes and designs, a 
beam of pure energy connecting the floating crystal to the metal circle, and keeping the structure afloat.

He sat down nearby it, the pylon responding by glowing slightly, welcoming its' builder. A faint humming 
sound came from it, as it generated energy, based on the released energies of events that happened there in 
the past, recycling it into usable energy. It could even recycle energy that it had already used, essentially a 
small, perpetual source of power. To the north of the pylon was a small cave, with a broken gate, seemingly 
abandoned a few years before. To the south was the Masaki house, with the sparkling house, and the 
shining windows. Since pylons like that one would work best in a balance of sources of both types of 
emotional energy, Joseph built it directly in between the two, the happy, light energies coming from the 
house, while the depressed, darker energies coming from the cave.

Joseph rested his head against the pylon, the humming sound wiping all distracting thoughts from his mind 
for a moment, while he closed his eyes, and began to meditate. With a smile on his face, he sat for awhile, 
searching himself for meaning, while thanking God for the wonderful place that he was in, and being 
blessed with such kind people that he lived with.

While he mediated, a small dove looked at him with curiosity from a nearby tree, rotating its' head to 
examine him. He put one of his fingers forth, as a perch for it, somehow councious that it was there while 
all of his five senses were devoted to his thoughts. The dove cooed a little bit, then flew over, and rested on 
his finger. Very gently, he moved his other hand to it, and stroked it gently, hoping not to scare it. The bird 
cooed a little more, then flew off after a while.

He soon woke up, and stretched. He was quite hungry, so he went back to the house, going into the kitchen 
from the back door.

"Hi Joseph. Could you tell Noboyuki that breakfast is ready?" Sasami asked as he came in.

"Sure!" Joseph said, walking toward the door nearby, which lead to the domain of the resident Hentai of the 
house, Tenchi's father, Noboyuki Masaki.

"Breakfast is ready!" He called. There was no reply.

The door was open, so he went inside. The room was filled with bookshelves, mostly full of hentai and the 
like. Noboyuki sat in a big chair, seemingly very involved with a hentai manga.

"Breakfast is ready!" Joseph said, loudly.

Noboyuki finally got out of the trance of his 'hobby'.

"It is? Great!" He spoke, gleefully running into the dining room.

Joseph went out of the room, and closed the door, and followed him. Everyone was coming to the dining 
room, Mihoshi, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko down the stairs, Sasami and the two cabbits from the kitchen, 
and Kasuhito from the shrine.

Sasami had prepared a delicious meal, and everyone thanked her for it, as they ate quickly.

"Mihoshi, are there any assignments today?" Joseph asked the blonde officer, referring to the Galaxy 
Police.

"What assignments?" She responded, absent-minded as usual.

"From our superiors."

"Who?"

"Our superior officers at the Galaxy Police...." Joseph grumbled, still not used to Mihoshi's bubble-
headedness.

"Oh, them. We don't have any today." Mihoshi said, easily.

Ryoko was gobbling food down at the time, and didn't seem to notice.

"If you weren't stuffing your face so much, Ryoko, maybe you could actually have a conversation with 
someone." Ayeka said, critically.

"If it isn't the pot calling the kettle black! You're putting on some weight, Princess." Ryoko responded, 
easily.

"I...I am not putting on weight! You seem to be the obese one, you monster!" Ayeka responded, defending 
herself.

"I am definitely not, Ayeka! I am quite attractive to Tenchi!"

"I am much more attractive, you demon! Tenchi, which one of us are more beautiful?" Ayeka said loudly.

"Umm.....I...." Tenchi said, not knowing what to say.

They glared at him, waiting for a response.

"I think.....uhh.......You're both beautiful!" Tenchi said quickly, trying to satisfy their growing impatience. 
Tenchi had to go through this a lot, almost every day. The girls always put pressure on him to decide on 
either one of them, leaving him in an awkward position. If he said he preferred one, the other would surely 
kill him. As a result, he had no clear-cut decision on who he preferred.

This seemed to satisfy what they wanted, at least for today.

"Kids. Hah." Kasuhito said to Loknar.

"Right on, brother." Loknar responded, laughing quietly.

After that, breakfast went on as it normally did, without major fights between Ryoko and Ayeka, and 
Loknar and Washuu's teasings kept to a minimum.

About twenty minutes later, most of the people at the table had finished breakfast, only Loknar, Joseph, and 
Washuu still remaining.

"You're wrong there, Miss Washuu! The quantum transconductor cannot work at the temperature of nine 
million Kelvin!" Loknar said.

"Yes it can, Tassi." Washuu responded, knowing how Loknar didn't like being called 'Tassi'.

"Will you -" Loknar said, only to be interrupted by Joseph.

"You two have been arguing for months over the egotistical reason of who is smarter! You're acting as 
mature as two kids in kindergarten fighting over who gets to use the tire swing! Can't you both settle this 
with the maturity and wisdom of the adults that you are? There must be a way to measure both your IQ's!" 
Joseph said, a little fed up with their constant fighting.

"There is a way!" The both of them said at the same time, their transparent computers appearing before 
them.

Joseph watched as they both logged onto the Galactic University website, going straight to the IQ tester 
section and high scores. They each quickly filled out, and completed the long IQ test that would have taken 
people with normal intelligence hours, if not days or weeks.

The two waited patiently, as their scores were tabulated.

Finally, the results were in.

Both were tied for first place, as the smartest entities in the Galaxy, with the score of 89241.

Their mouths dropped open in pure shock, suprise, and disbelief.

"See, there is no damn reason for all the fighting! You're both the smartest people in history, not just one of 
you!" Joseph said, grinning. Hopefully, there would be no more teasing between the two of them.

The two greatest geniuses in the history of the Multiverse simply stayed in their state of shock for a few 
minutes, before turning to each other, dumbfounded. They stared at each other for several minutes.

Joseph had no idea whether they were about to kill each other, or make peace.

"I am sorry." Both of them suddenly say to each other, at the exact same time, quietly.

"It's my fault. I've been a pompous, egotistical idiot the whole time. I am sorry, Miss Washuu." Loknar 
said.

"No, it is my fault. I couldn't comprehend that there may be someone equal to me...." She replied.

"It is still my fault....." They both said at the same time, then stopping.

Then came the most suprising event of all.

Very gently, and very quietly, the two greatest geniuses in the Multiverse, Loknar and Washuu, kissed.

Joseph was in open-mouthed disbelief. He had imagined that they might apologize, but kiss each other? 
Heck no! This was crazy.

Joseph backed outside, nearly tripping on two snuggling cabbits as he went out, perplexed beyond belief of 
what was going on.

After they kissed, the two former rivals smiled at each other.

"Well, I guess it's both our faults." Loknar said, smiling, his expression warm and happy.

"I agree with you on that....We were acting like kids, fighting over nothing." Washuu responded, smiling 
back.

"I didn't realize we had so much in common, while we were feuding - We are both extremely intelligent, 
have disrespecting offspring, huge labs, we're parents/designers of a cabbit, and are single."

"I can see that our differences are so minuscule now, and that we should be at least friends - With two 
people like us working together, the galaxy can only be a much better place."

They then gently hugged each other, closing their eyes and smiling.

"I am sorry." They both said.

They held each other in that embrace for awhile, their thoughts much happier. They now realized that their 
attraction to each other was mutual, and that the fighting was over. In their arms were their potential mate, 
someone with which they could be with, talk with, joke with, feel with, and even, eventually, love with.

They finally broke their embrace with an idea in their mind.

"Are you thinking, what I am thinking?" Loknar asked Washuu.

"I think so, Tassi. Let us merge our labs." Washuu responded.

He didn't get upset when she called him that.....Only people he truly cared about could call him that.

The both of them noticed that, and smiled at each other. Once again, they kissed.

They slowly got up, holding each other's hands.

Each one went to their own lab for a moment.

Since he had moved in, Loknar had fully unpacked his lab.

He opened the door to his lab, the swallow on the door jingling a little, greeting him.

He walked over to a desk, his transparent computer appearing before him. In recent weeks, he planted a 
small forest in his huge lab, growing easily with the huge skylights above the tall ceiling, and the 
automated sprinkler system that he installed. In the small forest were a few small animals, like squirrels, 
birds, rodents, crickets, and oddly enough, a swallow or two. His desk was overlooking the forest, while in 
back of him was the rest of his huge lab, filled with computers, equipment, and inventions of all kinds.

Washuu went into her lab as well, the crab on her door jingling slightly.

She sat down at her desk, her computer appearing before him. In front of her was a huge window, showing 
the view of the Masaki pond. Nearby her desk was a small observatory, allowing her to see the stars closed 
up, with a very high powered telescope.

The two of them began to enter commands into their computers, and their labs began to change. Small 
robots began to change the dynamics of the small dimensions that their labs were in, parts of each lab 
coming together, and the wall to Loknar's right, and the wall to Washuu's left disappearing. The next thing 
they knew, they were sitting next to each other at a desk.

At their door, the stuffed swallow held the stuffed crab to itself, and were essentially attached.

Their computers rebooted, the normal 'WashuuOS' and 'LoknarOS' gone on each computer, replaced by 
'LoshuuOS'. All elements of their labs had easily integrated into one another, just as quickly as the two had 
stopped fighting earlier.

The lab had now doubled in size, the same for the equipment, data files, experiments, records, chemicals, 
and productivity.

"This is a lab fit for the two greatest geniuses in the Multiverse..." Loknar said to his new colleague.

"A lab fit for two equals...." Washuu responded.

He placed his hand on hers, and smiled.

She moved closer to him, and kissed him on the cheek. He replied by kissing her back.

Both of them were blushing, and just looking at each other.

"I remember seeing you somewhere in the past....." Washuu said after a few minutes.

"I remember seeing you as well, Miss Washuu...But I don't know where."

"Neither do I."

"All I know is that we saw each other in a nice place, in a nice time...." Loknar leaned over, and kissed her, 
gently, but for a long while.

Suddenly, the door opened, and the stuffed swallow and crab jingled. The two kissing geniuses didn't seem 
to notice.

"Umm....Miss Washuu.....Mr. Loknar......Why is there only one door here now?..............Wha?......Oh, my." 
Mihoshi said, coming in on them, seeing them kissing, and not fighting, and their labs merged into one.

Loknar and Washuu froze, and blushed.

"Uhh....Hi, Mihoshi." Loknar said quietly. "What are you doing here?"

"I saw there was only one door here, instead of the usual two, and was.....umm....." She responded, blushing 
and making gestures with her hands.

"What, Mihoshi?" Washuu asked, impatient.

"....Are you two in love? Ooo! I shouldn't have said that! I am soooooooo embarrassed!!" Mihoshi blurted, 
then giggling.

The two geniuses frowned.

"Mihoshi, please go out of here. We have work to do." They both said at once.

Mihoshi wasn't even listening then, instead looking at a beaker on a table filled with a liquid that rapidly 
changed colors, and the odd scientific equipment nearby.

"What is this?" Mihoshi asked, putting her hands around the beaker.

"Please don't touch that! It's highly unstable!" Loknar said.

Too late. The beaker dropped from her hands, the liquid pouring onto the instruments, and melting them.

"Oh, god. Please don't touch anything else! Just sit down somewhere" Washuu said, getting up, Loknar 
following her.

Once again, they were too late. Mihoshi sat down on what she thought was a bench, but was really an 
expensive computer. It began to flash, and go haywire. When she sat down, she somehow entered some 
kind of self insane command with her posterior.

"Gyahh! Get out of here, please!" Loknar screamed, trying to restore the computer, Washuu helping him.

"Mmm...Okay." The bubbleheaded blonde said, easily stepping out of there.

Right as Mihoshi left, the computer exploded, knocking Loknar and Washuu to the floor, dirty with the 
ashes of the computer.

They sighed, as they saw the fire caused by the computer. They picked up fire extinguishers, and quickly 
put out the blaze.

"Well, at least now Mihoshi will have to face the two of us if she does major damage." Loknar said, 
smiling, and wiping the soot of his face.

"I agree. But we look very dirty now......Wait, I know how to fix that." Washuu said, quickly changing into 
her pre-teen form, which was quite clean.

"I guess you'll have to go to the onsen then......What?" She said, suddenly startled as Loknar changed into a 
form similar to that. He looked about her child-form's age, with medium-length white hair, glasses, 
sparkling blue eyes, a small labcoat, jeans, and sneakers. He smiled at her.

"You're not the only genius to be called 'little' sometimes. I rarely use this form, however, but...Hey!" Little 
Loknar, in his slightly-higher child voice, told Little Washuu, who was suddenly hugging him very tightly.

"I was wrong! I am not the cutest little genius either! You are!" Washuu said, smiling.

"You were right, actually." Loknar responded, kissing her cheek.

She giggled, and kissed him back the same way.

"We only look a few years older than Sasami...." She beamed.

"Joseph hasn't exactly seen me in this form before. The last time I used this was thousands of years ago. I 
have an idea; Let's go freak out everyone."

She nodded, and hand in hand, they walked toward the slightly ajar door.

Mihoshi seemed to have told some of the others about what she saw, as Sasami, the two cabbits, Ayeka, 
Kasuhito, and Mihoshi were sitting there.

"Darn. Joseph isn't in yet." Loknar mumbled.

"And neither is Ryoko..." Washuu grumbled. "Oh well, let's make do with who we have here."

The door of the lab opened, and the small assembled crowd gasped, as they came out. What they had been 
told was true - Loknar and Washuu had stopped fighting, and at least kissed. Odder of all, Mihoshi was 
actually right.

"Miss Washuu. Mister Loknar....You've both stopped fighting?" Ayeka asked, quietly.

"If we were fighting, would we do this?" Washuu said, gently kissing Loknar.

This only startled the crowd more. They knew that the two would eventually make up, but making up in 
this way was something completely unthought of.

"I told you guys I was right! And I was!" Mihoshi beamed, not exactly sensing the gravity of the situation.

While everyone else there besides Mihoshi and the level headed Kasuhito were in shock over what just 
happened, Ken-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki were meowing with glee, and jumped up to their creators, snuggling 
into them, and each other.

"We have some fans of our affair..." Loknar spoke, chuckling, and hugging Ken-Ohki, who was quite 
happy that his creator and Ryo-Ohki's creator were finally getting along.

Washuu did the same, smiling.

Meanwhile, while all this was happening....

Joseph ran down the path, disoriented, and perturbed over what had just occurred. He ran like a madman, 
knowing he would have to tell Tenchi and Ryoko.

He tripped several times, but always got up in a split second. As he ran, he didn't enjoy the scenery like he 
did earlier in the day. He practically jumped over the stairway from the shrine. Soon, the fields were in 
view.

Tenchi was whistling, taking out weeds, and planting carrot seeds, not seeing Joseph run. He was mainly 
intrigued with the huge amount of weeds that pop up in the fields during the middle of the summer. Tenchi 
was unsure of whether it was a natural thing, or some weeds that had been there for years just replanted 
themselves. He was about to pull up the last one, when -

"Tenchi! You've gotta come quick! My father, and Washuu.....They stopped fighting! But....But....They 
kissed!" Joseph gasped, exhausted.

Tenchi stood there for a moment, and then broke into uncontrollable laughter.

"Hehe! That's like saying that Ryoko and Ayeka were actually getting along!" The young Masaki laughed.

"Did you mention me, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked, suddenly fading in, having previously been dozing on a tree.

"You have to hear this Ryoko; What he is saying is too funny to believe!" Tenchi beamed.

"Washuu and Loknar are kissing! You've got to believe me!" Joseph said to her, panting.

Ryoko began to laugh as well.

"I'd show you, but I am too exhausted to run back there with you." Joseph said, sitting down.

"I'll take us over there, then." Ryoko grinned, suddenly picking the two up, and flying down the road. 
Joseph was quite aware that Ryoko could fly, but not this fast.

In a few moments, they reached the house.

"Now, I'll prove to you, Joseph, Washuu and your father are not kissing!" Tenchi said, opening the patio 
door.

"See, they aren't............Gyah!" Tenchi said, very suprised, as he saw Loknar and Washuu indeed kissing, in 
front of everyone.

Ryoko and Tenchi stared wide-eyed, like the rest of the crowd.

Joseph was startled by the fact that his father was in his child form, something he had not seen before ever 
since he knew him.

Sasami was by now not exactly perturbed by this, but ecstatic.

She went up and hugged both Washuu and Loknar.

"Now you don't have to fight anymore! I knew you could do it, and you did! I am so happy!" Sasami told 
them.

"Thank you, Sasami." Washuu said, hugging Sasami back, Loknar doing the same.

The two cabbits happily meowed in agreement.

"Sasami, we're going to be in the onsen for awhile." Loknar told her.

"Why?"

They responded by changing back into their adult forms, which were quite dirty.

"What happened to you guys?"

"Mihoshi happened." Loknar grumbled.

"Oops..." Mihoshi said, apologizing for the explosion.

"It's allright, just please stay out of our lab, for your safety and ours..."

"Huh? Why?"

"Because you might destroy things."

"All I did was touch a few things."

"You caused a fire."

"I did? Oh. Hehe."

Washuu and Loknar frowned.

"As we said, we'll be in the onsen." Loknar mumbled, holding hands with Washuu.

Around this time, everyone began to move again.

"....Oh, boy." Tenchi mumbled, then sitting down.

As the room was essentially silent, Noboyuki entered the room with new supplies for his collection, 
unaware that there were people in the room. He had just gotten the latest issues of all his favorite hentai 
magazines, and ecchi mangas, and was quite excited to read them. He was carrying so much that the stack 
nearly blocked his vision.

As he walked by, still not noticing that anyone was there, he accidentally dropped a small manga.

It landed on the back of an open page, right near where Tenchi and Joseph were. As soon as they saw it, 
drops of blood instinctively fell from their nostrils.

"D-dad....You dropped your..." Tenchi mumbled, gulping as he saw the image on the comic.

As soon as Noboyuki heard his son's voice, he dropped all of his books suddenly, most of them hitting the 
ground with their pages open. He didn't expect anyone else to be in the room, so this made him very 
embarrassed.

Joseph and Tenchi saw the other images, and small rivers of blood dripped out of their noses.

Ryoko and Ayeka fumed as they saw this.

"Ah-hem.......Lord Tenchi....." Ayeka said, her tone a little angry.

"Tenchi, what are you doing?" Ryoko asked.

This seemed to interest Washuu.

"Hold it a moment. I have an idea." She said, then whispering a few things into Loknar's ears that made his 
eyes go wide.

"We'll have to go to the onsen later. What I think we are seeing is much more important." Loknar said. The 
two geniuses changed back into their clean pre-teen forms.

"How can Tenchi and Joseph getting excited by Noboyuki's latest addition to his 'collection' be important?" 
Ryoko said, a little angry.

Joseph and Tenchi gulped, slightly.

"It's not that. Yosho, please hand Joseph the Tenchiken." Washuu said quietly, not knowing what might 
happen.

"What? What does the Tenchiken have to do with any of this?" Ayeka asked.

Out of a closet nearby, Yosho brought out a long cedar box, with Juraian engravings.

Loknar and Washuu whispered to each other, hypothesizing what would happen.

Knowing what Washuu was hinting at, he brought the sword out, and placed it in Joseph's hands.

The sword flickered, and began to turn on, the glowing sword fully appearing.

Everyone was startled by this, except for Loknar, Washuu, and Kasuhito.

The two geniuses beamed at this. Once again, they were right.

"C-Could someone tell me what this all means?" Joseph asked, his voice creaking a little.

"Quite simple, my boy," Loknar said. "My lovely colleague over here and I compared our universe's Orion, 
and this universe's Jurai. Both were large paradise worlds, about a quarter of the size of Jupiter, with many 
moons and rings. Both had very diverse people, creatures, and features. Both of them had the same kind of 
planets surrounding them, the same star, the same orbit, the same gravity, the same formation age, both 
were quite powerful, and most of all, both had an almost exactly same early history. Orion and Jurai are 
one in the same, the same planet, different universes, with different events and timelines. Tracing the 
timelines of both up to this year, we were able to determine that the both of you are most likely the same 
man, just with different earthly ancestry, ages, and histories. But the both of you the same Orion/Jurai 
DNA, emotions, ideals, and the telltale release of blood at the sight of something naughty."

"H-Hey! Wait a moment. We need proof!" Tenchi said, not convinced by this.

"I'm glad you asked." Washuu said, pulling small amounts of hair off both of their heads.

"Ow! Be careful with that..." Joseph told her.

"We will allow you to come with us into our new merged lab to see the test and results." Loknar told the 
crowd.

"You have a merged lab?" Ryoko asked.

"Forget about that for now. Just follow us." Washuu told her, as Loknar and her walked into the lab. The 
group followed.

Loknar set up some instruments, and Washuu put the hair in a petri dish. She then placed the dish into the 
instruments.
The DNA of both Tenchi and Joseph appeared on screen.

"Notice the quadruple-helix, an indicator of both Orions and Juraians. Also note that the Orion/Jurai section 
is completely the same, the only major differences being in the Human DNA, as Tenchi has Asian DNA 
qualities, and Joseph has European DNA qualities. Ladies and gentlemen, Joseph and Tenchi are nearly one 
and the same. They are literally brothers." Washuu announced.

Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Joseph fainted at these words.

Joseph awoke to Ayeka's voice.

"You're saying that Joseph has the same qualifications as Tenchi to be a prince of Jurai?" She asked 
Loknar.

"Quite certainly. The successional requirements match them both, as they have plentiful Juraian/Orion 
DNA. Genetics are the only things required as proof for the crown." He responded.

"I don't care." Joseph said, getting up. "I refuse to take any position in any kind of royalty. I don't want to 
be a pompous aristocratic jackass. Royalty and empires aren't exactly my favorite subject in the world."

"What is wrong with royalty?" Ayeka asked, folding her arms.

"Most empires are controlled by a few rich nobles, the majority of the people living in poverty, and 
suffering."

"Not in Jurai."

"I haven't been to Jurai, Miss Ayeka."

"Then you don't know how it is there."

"Mister Loknar, why is your son so against the idea of an empire?" Ayeka asked him.

Loknar grinned.

"I am glad you asked that question, Ayeka. The reason why is deeply entwined in Orion history, so you 
may find this interesting. However, this explanation may be a little on the long side -"

"The length of time does not matter. I want to hear why."

----

Author's note: Coming up is a long monologue by Loknar. Parts of it are important to the story, mostly the 
last few paragraphs about the Melkar Empire. Besides that, you can skim or skip the rest.

----

"Millions of years ago, in my universe, the planet of Orion existed," Loknar said, beginning his tale, "It was 
a lush world, about a quarter of the size of Jupiter, with huge forests, prairies, freshwater lakes, lush 
rainforests, floodplains, and massive grasslands. The planet was dotted with small tribal cities, from which 
civilization began to emerge from the primitive ways of my ancestors. At the time, the language was 
different from any used today, and has been lost in the sands of time. At around five million years BCE, a 
massive tribe known as the Zerai was at the bargaining table with the Joraai, after a massive war, whose 
cost thousands of lives, a peace-time council having been formed. The purpose of the council was to figure 
out what to do with the lands of both, as Zerai and Joraai had agreed to support whatever decision the 
council made, since both nations had been devastated by the cataclysmic war, and had severe internal 
problems. The Joraai wanted Zeraia and Joraain to be united under an imperial sovereignty, tied in with the 
local religions of the time. The Zerai wanted to unite the two lands under a form of democracy that allowed 
all citizens to be free, where science and philosophy could thrive without the restrictions of an imperial 
government. The decision that the council would make was eventually called the Future Ideals." 

"That is exactly what happened in the early history of Jurai, except that the Joraai were triumphant, and 
became a very powerful empire, eventually uniting the entire planet under the crown of Jurai, the planet 
having been renamed Jurai." Ayeka said, smiling upon her people's history.

"That's not so on Orion. The Zerai were eventually able to convince the peace-time council that an empire 
would thrust the entire world under the command of a few rulers, not the people. The council supported the 
Zerai ideals, and gave control of both nations under them. Over the next million years, the planet rebuilt 
itself, burying the dead, and making social and technological advances under the Zerai-founded 
federational government. The language had also evolved into what is called 'Ancient Orion', which I spoke 
in my early years. One million Terran years after the war had ended, I was born in the small town of Utop, 
in the Northern Continent. There were still some tensions between the Joraai and Zerai, even though the 
war had been dead and buried for many years. Many Orions hated Imperialism in general, and tried to 
subvert small Orion kingdoms into a democratic government. On the flip side, many of the descendants of 
Joraai despised Democracy, and did the exact opposite, changing small Orion confederations and republics 
into monarchies. This caused several several small civil wars, increasing ethnic tensions. The last of these 
wars took place slightly before I had been born, and ended exactly on the date of my birth."

"Umm.....Mr. Loknar, sir, what does that have to do with umm......whatever you were saying before?" 
Mihoshi asked, eavesdropping.

"My history is also deeply tied into Orion history, Mihoshi."

"What about Jurai?"

"I haven't been to Jurai."

"Have you been to Orion?

"I was born there and lived most of my life there, Miss Mihoshi. Have you been there?"

"I never heard of it until now."

Loknar sweatdropped at Mihoshi's scatterbrained logic.

"Back to what I was saying....Utop was a small town near the Zeraian capitol of Kar-Dana. It was a nice 
little hamlet in the countryside, the perfect place to be raised as a child. The technology at the time 
consisted of bows, arrows, chariot-like vehicles, coaches, and electricity and computers."

"You had electricity and computers, but no cars or guns?" Ayeka asked, a little astonished by this.

"Orions developed technology in a different way than Earth and Jurai. We simply concentrated on different 
things than most. By the time I was 18, I had completed schooling, and had become a certified Psionic 
Mage, under the tutelage of wise Kazank, the town elder and Psionic Master. I had also become a very 
inventive man, building the first supercomputer on Orion, Aleph version 1.0, which I was able to make 
more of, and made money off of by selling them. However, around this time, people in the southern regions 
of the Northern Continent reported strange portals opening, and armies of men marched through, 
plundering villages, raping women, and murdering innocents. These barbarians called themselves 
'Antarans', and were unified under a Fascist-Totalitarian Monarchy, claiming themselves to be gods among 
all other species. These reports increased anti-Imperial sentiment throughout not just the Northern 
Continent, but the whole world of Orion itself. As I had become a skilled warrior, I quickly recruited the 
most potent warriors of the surrounding countryside, some peasants or nobles, some men, some women, 
some young, some ancient, some loyal, some for the money. Zeraian war had declared all peoples equal, 
regardless of gender, race, creed, religion, sexual preference, or philosophy, so all were welcomed in the 
newly forming armies of Zerai.

"As one of the leaders of the 'Army of Light', as it had been called, we marched south towards the ravaged 
towns and villages, and the Antaran bases. They were very fierce warriors, without the least sense of honor 
or mercy, and proved very hard opponents. This war lasted a few years, and soon spread to other continents 
as well, as more Antarans poured in, essentially becoming the first Orion World War. By this time, the 
Joraai had forsaken their old Imperialistic ideals, as they saw how the Antarans treated those who did not 
except their ideas. Eventually, we pushed the Antaran forces back into their portals, discovering with a 
shock that the portals connected to the Antaran homeworld, and that their portals were Psionic in nature, 
having been created by mad Psionic Mages. During the last battle of the war, the Antaran Warlord Xyphys, 
a kinsman of the Antaran Emperor, declared that my people and his would clash once again, and this time 
they would crush our bones with the marching of their boots. Those were supposedly his last words before 
the bastard was pierced with the Sword of Light, which became an important Orion artifact. The portals 
were sealed, and the remnants of our armies returned home to our families and friends. The city of Utop 
had grown substantially since I was gone, just as it had when I was growing up. It had gone from the 
population of a few hundred when I left to nearly a hundred thousand. It had been renamed Utopia City, 
because of all the technological advances that myself and my colleagues achieved there, as well for its 
beautiful buildings and the surrounding forest, and as being a center of literacy and poetry. It had begun to 
supersede Kar-Dana as the center of Zeraian civilization as well, Kar-Dana being only slightly larger. 
When I returned, I was hailed as a hero of all Orion, and had several cities and landmarks named after 
myself and my comrades. But I didn't like all the glory. I eventually settled down, and continued work on 
my occupation of choice - science. Over the years, I noticed that my physical appearance hadn't changed a 
bit since I left for the war. I also realized that I had been close to death many times during the war, and 
should have died by then in a medical view. But I hadn't - I began to experiment on this idea. I could 
severely injure myself, but I couldn't die, and the would soon heal."

Ayeka had been silent for awhile now.

"You deliberately harmed yourself in the name of science?!?!?" She asked, astonished again.

"Certainly. Sure, it hurt like hell, but I got over it." Loknar said, picking up his story again. "I soon 
discovered a common similarity of what I was going through with the signs of one being a Oanai - 
Essentially a semi-immortal Archangel of the Xeriumi religion. Supposedly, the Oanaiim, as they are 
collectively are called on Orion, exist on Earth, rather then heaven, so they can assist the mortals in their 
duties, and keep the Multiverse's balance of good and evil, as those of the Darkness always try to 
overthrow the Light. Some of my close friends kept saying that they saw angel-like wings on my back 
sometimes, a major sign of an Oanai. I didn't see the wings, however, so I didn't believe them. The years 
soon progressed, and Orion became more technologically advanced. There were a few small wars, but there 
were over petty reasons, so I didn't take part in them. I built myself a small lab in the countryside, and 
developed many things for the Orion populace, from defensive to household inventions. The years soon 
turned into decades, and I became a hundred years old, and still looked about 20. People got suspicious, 
and I was constantly bothered by everyone. I got so angry that I faked my own death, and got a new 
identity. This went on for many years, with many different identities. Around the time of the period of 
Orion History known as 'Middle Orion', where technology there was slightly higher than that of Earth's 
current technology, I watched my people explore space for the first time, launching ships into orbit, and 
colonizing the lush, habitable moons that orbited our lovely planet. I soon got a house on a neighboring 
moon, and helped the colonization process under my then-current identity. I still looked 20, even though by 
this time I was nearing a thousand. Very soon, Orion came in contact with sentient lifeforms of other 
planets, most of whom were far from space travel. Orions landed on their planets, and gave them 
knowledge, cured the sick, peacefully ended wars, built monuments for them, and pretty much acted as a 
parent race for them. These races soon became very fervent allies, as they soon developed technology as 
powerful as our own. Orion, in unison of the child-races of the Mrrshans, Darloks, Gnolams, and Psilons, 
formed the first Alliance of Galactic Nations, which soon comprised a quarter of the Galaxy, and all of the 
Orion spiral arm of our Milky Way Galaxy. The ideas of these races intermixed with ours, and the AGN 
soon developed a kind of Interstellar culture known as Galaxian. A few more thousand years passed, and 
the child races themselves had become parent races to new species. Utopia City had become capital of the 
newly-formed United Orion Dominion, finally unifying all of Orion under a democratic government. Orion 
technology had progressed exponentially as well, myself contributing many advances that are still 
influential to the Galaxy to this day. By this time, Orions had all but regarded the legend of Antares as a 
simple fairy tale.

"All that changed on 35463 Galaxian Standard, about 3,0250,000 million years BCE. An Orion scout ship 
came in contact with the Imperial Melkar expeditionary fleet. When the scout greeted the new species as a 
potential ally, the Melkars responded by destroying the scout ship, then ravaging and destroying any 
outlying Galaxian worlds nearby. It was soon learned that the Melkars were allies of the Antaran Imperium. 
If that wasn't startling news to the citizens of Galaxia, the revelation that the Antarans and their allies 
controlled the other half of the galaxy. The Antarans and their allies soon attacked planets on the fringes on 
of the AGN, beginning one of the most destructive wars in the history of the Galaxy. This time, I knew I 
had to act once more, and defeat the ancient enemy of my people again. I revealed my true identity to 
Galaxia, causing great shock. By this time, most of my half of the lab that you see here had been 
constructed, and served as part of my command ship, the Gibborii." Loknar said, proving his last statement 
by dusting off part of the wall which revealed the words 'In case of attack, merge sector A into Z, and open 
plasmatic cannons 1 and 2.'

"I was now the grand general of the Galaxian forces, and was eagerly elected Speaker of the AGN Council. 
With these political and military positions, I organized all of Galaxia into a neat, powerful, and cunning 
fighting force, quickly training them in all the latest techniques, weaponry, and strategies. On Orion and 
throughout Galaxia, there was a very large amount of hate for Imperiums, Monarchies, and feudal societies. 
Some extremist Orion factions murdered thousands of Monarchists, and burned their small kingdoms in 
Galaxia to the ground. Some of the first actions of our new army was to stop the rampaging extremists - 
Most of whom were Orions, our brothers, those that we were supposed to defend. After we defeated them, 
we were astonished by the devastation that they had caused - murdering thousands, raping, pillaging, and 
destroying. As the Speaker of all of Galaxia, I publicly denounced this act, and declared that people are 
allowed freedom of speech, and that they should not be ostracized for it, as that would be against the AGN's 
doctrine. However, anti-imperialism was still prevalent, and continued to be for quite some time. We were 
finally able to attack the Antarans at the battle of Narka, and began a long, devastating war for the control 
of the galaxy. The Antaran government had begun a campaign of eugenics similar to the Axis Powers of 
Earth's World War II, slaughtering those that they didn't think were 'pure'. We toured the damage and 
horror; it caused many soldiers to die because of pure disgust. Eventually, we defeated the Antarans, 
Melkars, and their allies. The leader of Antares had been a mystery up to then - We discovered that the 
Antaran Emperor was Xyphys, the man that had terrorized Orion in the now-distant past. As we defeated 
the Antarans, we realized that they would most certainly try to make war once more, even if their 
government was removed. It would be costly to keep troops on Antares to pacify the citizens, and crimes 
against them would be common. In a special meeting of the last War-time Orion council, it was decided 
that the Antaran home system would be sealed in a small pocket dimension, from which they could live in 
peace, without bothering us. I myself pressed the button that sent the Antaran Star System into their own 
private universe. As they were being sent in, Xyphys's voice rang through all radio channels throughout the 
Galaxy, warning of their coming retribution. Suddenly, a huge armada of Antaran warships burst from the 
planet, and broke through Galaxian defenses until they reached the Orion system itself. That final battle 
was very fierce, ending up with a warship from each remaining, specifically being my flagship, and the 
Antaran's central Baseship, the Car'dana. I forcefully docked into their ship, and with a small smattering of 
marines, reached the central computer chamber. Most of the forces were defeated, but the computer and its' 
automated defenses remained. I ordered my marines out of there, and fought the thing myself, soon 
defeating it, though not without serious injury to myself. When the marines came back in, I faked my death. 
The Antaran computer had been set to destroy the ship if it was disabled, and it did just that in the final 
moments, starting a countdown. The countdown was at its' final minutes then, so they had to leave, without 
retrieving my 'body'. I left the ship in a cloaked escape pod before the ship blew apart. The reason for 
faking my death was that I hate living in the public eye that much, in the way that I was at the time. I took 
on another identity once more, and settled back on Orion. After the -"

"I don't think this has anything to do with why Joseph hates whiny rich princesses. This is just your life 
story." Ryoko said, interrupting, just having woken up, and still groggy.

"Ryoko! Please be quiet! He is.....And what did you say about princesses?" Ayeka asked, annoyed.

"That they're whiny, rich, and -" Ryoko said, just before two gags were thrown into the two feuding girls' 
mouths, by Washuu.

"Quiet, the both of you. I want to hear this." Washuu whispered loudly, then sitting down next to Loknar, 
and smiling.

He smiled back.

"As I was saying," Loknar said, continuing, "After the war, Orion was at its' peak. Technologically, they 
were achieving things far beyond what Ayeka had told me about Jurai, socially, they were quite close to 
full equality between all of their races, and spiritually, they were discovering startling commonalties 
between all religions of the galaxy, not to mention proving the existence of souls. One day, this all stopped. 
I was in a small shuttle-bus, taking me from the surface of Orion to an orbiting station, when suddenly, 
everything disappeared. Orion was suddenly gone from view. Any Orions on the transport seemingly 
disappeared as well, the station gone too. All of the Orion moons were gone, as was any satellites or other 
craft of Orion nature. All planets in the Orion system that had Orions on their surfaces them disappeared 
into thin air. When I was able to navigate my craft into the AGN headquarters, slightly outside of the 
system, I found it in disarray. Anything that had to do with Orion was gone from the galaxy, the same for 
Orion civilians, military personnel, Orion ships, Orion craft, Orion colonies, anything Orion. I was the only 
one left. The members of the AGN had broken down into petty argument. Without my people to lead them, 
the galaxy quickly fell apart. All nations within the galaxy declared war on others, making alliances with 
some, committing war crimes, and essentially burning whatever the AGN had meant. The galaxy fell into a 
state of complete anarchy, vast amounts of technology being lost, and individual planets loosing contact 
with one another. A dark age of about ten thousand years long began. During this time, I traveled from 
planet to planet, with several identities, waiting until something that could unite the galaxy formed. What I 
was waiting for soon arrived - The Mrrshan/Darlok alliance, having preserved Galaxian and Orion ideals, 
came upon the idea of re-forming the AGN. Most of the galaxy, after a few hundred years, joined it, and 
peace was mostly restored. Only a quarter of the galaxy stayed as separate nations, the most notable of 
them being the cybernetic Melkar Empire; You will hear much more about them soon. The slow 
reconstruction of the galaxy began. Although painful at times, the children of Orion soon pulled through, 
the new AGN becoming exponentially powerful around a few centuries later. While this was going on, I 
came to Earth, and saw the early population, and helped them along a little, becoming many of Earth's 
famous figures, up until the twenty-first century."

"Which famous figures do you mean?" Sasami asked, captivated by the story.

"People who influenced this planet in a good way - But I'll talk about them some other time." Loknar 
spoke, close to finishing his story, "While the AGN was coming back to its' former glory, the Melkar 
Empire grew quite powerful. The entire section of the galaxy that had remained separate from the AGN 
were either conquered by or allied with the Melkars. Eventually, they conquered some of the AGN member 
nations, triggering a few minor wars between Galaxia and the Melkarian Imperium. These wars were minor 
only because peace was reached fairly quickly then, before they escalated into something much bigger - 
yet. At around the late 18th Century, the AGN opened a small starbase nearby Earth, cloaked, and 
completely unknown to its' citizens. Earth was soon going to become capable of interstellar relations, and 
the AGN wanted to protect the Terrans from anything that came their way. The AGN planned to offer Earth 
membership into the AGN and Galaxian culture, once it reached the technological benchmarks required. 
Late in the twentieth century, a major war was beginning - With the Melkar Empire. A revolution had 
started within it, beginning with the overthrowing of the old Imperial government, and ending with the 
placement of Lord-Master Kylon, as Imperial Despot of a new Fascist-Nationalist-Militaristic-
Fundamentalist regime. This regime whipped their citizens into a fanatical frenzy, rallying them under the 
idea that only Melkars, and those that followed the State Religion, were true life-forms. Their philosophy 
were that all others should be destroyed. A massive buildup of the Melkarian army began, culminating with 
a declaration of war against the AGN. The AGN secretly recruited a percentage of the Terran populace for 
service in the Galaxian Armed Forces, without alerting other Terrans about it. Joseph was one of them. 
After the Melkars made a suprise attack, a Melkar warlord named -"

"Don't, Dad." Joseph said, quietly.

"I need to tell them why-"

"I will. For now, I can say that the Melkars did something to me that changed me forever, and turned a 
group of former human allies against the people that I considered my family, murdering them. I-I don't 
want to talk about it right now." Joseph said to the group.

Everyone was silent for a time, until Tenchi finally awoke, having fainted before Loknar's story.

"Uggh......" Tenchi said, then blinking as he saw everyone, remembering why he fainted. "You're.....You're 
sure that Joseph is essentially my brother?????"

This jogged everyone's memory, who had been too entranced by Loknar's story that they almost forgot 
what Washuu and Loknar had announced. The group turned to Loknar and Washuu, wide-eyed.

The two geniuses just snicker at this, hand in hand.

Everyone then remembers that little detail as well.

To scare the crowd even more, Washuu winks at Loknar, and he winks back, the both of them then going 
into a slightly deeper kiss than they had before.

"Dad....What are you doing?" Joseph asked.

"What's wrong, kiddo? Can't your father and I kiss? We're both consenting adults." Washuu asked, 
knowing that there is no correct response to that.

Joseph didn't know what to say to that.

"Mom, he doesn't like to see that because it isn't exactly comforting for a person to see their parents kissing, 
let alone deeply kissing their new significant other. Speaking of that, I sure as hell don't like it either." 
Ryoko said, growling a little towards the end.

"He's not exactly my boyfriend as of yet, but hopefully, he will be." Washuu whispered to her daughter.

"And about the kissing thing," Washuu continued, whispering, then very very loudly in Ryoko's ear, "I can 
kiss whoever I want to, little Ryoko!"

Ayeka laughed at this, loudly.

Ryoko responded by that with a slap to Ayeka's cheek.

"Miss Ryoko! How _Dare_ you!" Ayeka said, standing up, and slapping back.

"How dare you insult me, you brat!" Ryoko said in defense.

"So you wish to fight, you egotistical harlot?" Ayeka asked, her logs appearing.

"Yes I do, you royal pain in the butt!" Ryoko said, grinning, her beamsword appearing as well.

They growled at each other, waiting to see who would strike first.

Sasami sighed.

"Oh no, not another fight...." She mumbled.

"Another fight between two gorgeous women! Yay!" Noboyuki said, pulling out a small video camera, 
only to be taken away by Tenchi.

"Dad! This is not the time to tape that! And I probably don't want to know what you're going to use the tape 
for if you made it." His son replied, angrily.

"But son, don't you remember what I told you about when women fight? Clothing always gets lost!"

"Not here it doesn't! You've been at work when most of the fights here occur, and clothing does not come 
off when they fight."

"But, but, but."

"No buts, Dad. Get out of here with the others -" Before Tenchi could finish, the Tenchiken in Joseph's 
hands came to life, the beam illuminating from the central shaft, the holy light from it as powerful as it was 
when Tenchi used it.

The sword took control of Joseph's hands, throwing him in between Ayeka and Ryoko, before they were 
about to fight.

"Gyagghhhh! What's going on with me?!?!?!?" Joseph hollered, his hands under the mercy of the master 
key.

Right as he came in between them, both of them launched their attacks at each other. However, the blade 
somehow took most of the attacks, leaving the three of them only singed.

The two feuding girls stopped their quarrel, astonished by this.

"He is definitely Tenchi's brother, by biological standards...The sword responds in the exact same way to 
him as it does to Tenchi." Ayeka whispered, thoroughly convinced of this, after seeing Joseph activate and 
actually use the Tenchiken for the second time in the day.

While Ayeka was still spellbound by this thought, most of everyone else had went back out of the lab, 
except for Joseph, Loknar, and Washuu. Even Mihoshi had gone already.

"Wha-Where did everyone go?" Ayeka wondered out loud.

"Out of the lab." Joseph told her.

She went over to Joseph.

"Mister Joseph, I apologize for my rude words toward you earlier, about your political opinion. I don't 
know what came over to me -" Ayeka said, blushing slightly.

"No need to apologize, Miss Ayeka. The both of us don't know each other's nations well enough to make a 
fair opinion of them." Joseph responded, smiling.

She smiled back, and once again realized that he had Tenchi's good looks, only a little older, and more 
muscular. Joseph also admired Ayeka's beauty for a little while.

They then went back out of the lab, following everyone else.

Washuu turned to Loknar, smiling.

"I was wondering, Tassi - This probably sounds crazy, but do you think we could.....how shall I put this...." 
Washuu asked, not remembering what Tenchi and people has age called courting.

"Go on a date, Miss Washuu? Affirmative." Loknar responded, and finished her sentence. "Dinner, movie, 
or a walk? I think that's what all these young hooligans use to court each other these days - and we look a 
lot like them in these forms." He was referring to their adult, early 20s forms, not realizing that they were 
still dirty from before, as he changed back into his.

Washuu giggled a little bit, changing into hers as well.

"You're quite cute when you're little dirty, you know." 

"You are even cuter." 

"How about we have a date in the Onsen?" Washuu said, snapping her fingers after she received the 
inspiration she needed, then smiling cutely, "We can't do any of the monkey business - If you know what I 
mean, but if things stay the way they are, you too will become my little guinea pig."

"You could be my little lab rabbit...."

She went over and hugged him, and he hugged her back.

"I probably will be."

They went over to the Onsen, which was essentially empty.

They shed their clothing, and got into the water, trying not to forwardly admire each other's features, so to 
speak.

"Did you make this onsen, Miss Washuu?" Loknar asked after awhile.

"Yes I did, Tassi."

"This is a masterpiece! Did you use the hyperbolic theorem to construct the dimensional water system for 
this?"

"Nope. I used the Quandraic method, but now that you mention it, the hyperbolic theorem would have 
allowed me to make this more efficient."

They looked at each other again, marveling at each other's genius.

A moment later, they threw their arms around each other, kissing furiously, but softly.

As they kissed, each of them began to feel more than just mere attraction to one another - Their love was 
beginning to be quite visible. Even while they had been fighting the previous months, each one felt the 
same way about the other...Attraction on the verge of love. It had began to reach that stage now.

----

Tenchi Muyo OAV 16 (Orion Chronicles Chapter 3) - Part 2

----

 

Over the next month or so, their love only progressed, not diminishing at all. However, they had not 
admitted their mutual love to each other, until one day....

Tenchi and Joseph worked in the field, their silvery hoes shining in the sun as they plowed grooves into the 
ground, from which carrot seeds would be planted.

Ayeka and Ryoko watched them from the shrine, just watching them.

"I think Joseph is going to take off his shirt!" Ayeka whispered. Behind all the barriers of politeness that 
her parents had drilled into her mind, Ayeka was a normal young girl.

"No kidding - It's about 85 degrees out. It's been a hot summer..." Ryoko said, nodding. ".....I think Tenchi 
is going to take his off too!"

The two squabbling young women had finally found something that they could agree on.

Joseph is about to take his off, but sees the two women looking at him and Tenchi.

He blinks. They blink back. A drop of blood falls out of his nose, as he realizes that the girls, as usual, were 
adoring his body.

"Dammit Ayeka! You ruined it! He's not going to take it off now!" Ryoko growled at the princess sitting 
next to her.

"My dear Ryoko, you were the one that was over admiring his body from afar." She responded.

"Hey, Tenchi - The girls are staring at us - Again." Joseph told Tenchi.

Tenchi sighs.

"I know. I enjoy all the attention by, but it gets quite annoying after awhile. They really should knock it 
off."

Joseph makes a sharp groove in the dirt, his hoe finishing that row.

"We should go to the other side of the field - the carrots over here are ripe enough to be picked." Joseph 
said after awhile.

"Aw, geez! That side will take days to pick, and we'll probably finish by winter." Tenchi responded, 
grumbling.

"Well, we should at least get some of it done; Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki are in carrot withdrawal after 
Mihoshi ate all of our current stock the day before last."

"Why did she eat them, anyway?"

"Ryoko led her to believe that they brought out 'good vibes' once eaten. Not knowing exactly what she was 
talking about, she gobbled them down."

"I really have to talk to Ryoko about those pranks of hers...." Tenchi mumbled.

They soon head over to the other side of the field, not knowing that Ryoko and Ayeka followed them.

It was a very hot summer day, so Joseph soon took off his shirt to cool off.

As he did that, however, there came a squeal from the bushes.

"What the heck is that? Some kind of squirrel in heat?" Joseph wondered.

He went over to the bushes, and swiftly opened them, revealing who he expected would be there.

"Ayeka, Ryoko. Please - We gotta work here." Joseph told them.

"We know, we were just enjoying the um....uh...natural grandeur of the area!" Ryoko said, having thought 
up a good answer. She and Ayeka still hadn't admitted the slight attraction to Joseph, as they thought that if 
they did, Tenchi might believe that they were no longer interested in him.

"Suuuurrrrreeee..." Joseph smirked, then going back to work.

By about one o'clock, they had picked about an eighth of the field, both of the large baskets nearby filled 
with carrots. By this time, Ayeka and Ryoko had returned inside.

"Let's go inside. Hopefully, we won't be tackled by two overjoyed cabbits." Joseph said, hoisting a basket 
over his head, and going inside through the back door a moment later. Tenchi lagged behind, as he wasn't 
as strong as Joseph was, as Joseph had been in the Galaxian Military.

Inside, Sasami was busy cooking lunch, while two cabbits paced around the door, waiting for the moment 
in which they could indulge in their true love - Carrots.

Gently, Joseph opened the door. When Ken-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki saw him, their eyes lit up, dancing around 
him and meowing happily.

"Okay you two, just a second..." Joseph said, picking two carrots out of the basket, and handing one to 
each, the two cabbits quickly gobbling them up.

"Hi Joseph!" Sasami said, smiling. Over the last months, as she grew a little older; bit by bit she started to 
look more like Tsunami. Her hairstyle was now slightly different, and the triangular rune on her forehead 
seemed to be splitting somewhat apart, the two halves of the triangle becoming rounded. She then blushed, 
as she saw that Joseph hadn't put his shirt back on.

Joseph quickly noticed this oversight.

"Oh, dear!" He said, dropping the basket of carrots, and running right past Tenchi, quickly retrieving his 
shirt, and picking up the carrots.

"Sorry about that, Sasami...It was quite hot outside." Joseph told her, embarrassed.

"It's...quite allright, Joseph." She said, smiling.

A sound soon entered Joseph's ear, coming from Loknar and Washuu's lab. It sounded like they were 
talking, but there was the odd clanking of machinery....It was usually quite quiet around there.

"Something seems odd. I'm going to see what's going on in the lab. Hopefully, another genetic experiment 
hasn't gotten out again. I'm still recovering from that incident." Joseph told them, as he quickly went to 
bathroom door that let to the lab of the two Greatest Geniuses in History.

He knocked on the door, but there came no answer. Only more clanking and talking.

Suddenly, the talking and clanking stopped, replaced by a small poof, and some kind of moaning.

"Dad? Miss Washuu? Are you allright?" Joseph asked, from outside. Still, no answer.

He quietly opened the door, being gentle enough that the stuffed jingling crab in the arms of a stuffed 
jingling swallow didn't sound. Joseph didn't expect that it would be anything big, just probably the 
aftermath of one of Mihoshi's recent escapades in the lab.

He blinked when he saw what was causing the noise.

On a huge, floating couch, Loknar and Washuu lay, in a very very long and passionate kiss, their arms 
around each other, moaning quietly into each other's mouths. The poof-sound must have come when the 
couch appeared.

Joseph only gagged when he saw this. For every child, it isn't exactly comfortable seeing a parent in a deep 
kiss with a mother or friend. The very thought of this is usually akin to the idea of eating one's own vomit.

His gag startled them, Washuu falling off first, landing on her feet. Loknar tried to stand up on the couch to 
see what was going on, and lost his balance, Washuu catching him in her arms. He smiled at her, and she 
smiled back, and within a second, they were in another deep embrace.

They finally turned back to Joseph, whose face had become slightly green. He had seen Loknar and 
Washuu kiss deeply before, but he hadn't seen them kiss that passionately, in which they caressed each 
other in their embrace, and moaned into each other, as their tongues made love to one another. To anyone 
else besides Joseph and Ryoko, Loknar and Washuu would be a very cute couple, as their similarities were 
many, their differences few, and their interests almost exactly equal. But there was also the fact that they 
both looked like they were in their early twenties in their adult forms, each being quite attractive to the 
other, not to mention attractive to any youth outside of the Masaki residence.

"What's wrong, son?" Loknar asked, grinning and already knowing the answer.

Joseph was trying to hold back the rising tide of nausea within him.

"What's next? I'm going to come in to see you two in the process of making love? I'd need to have my 
stomach pumped if I saw even a second of that!" Joseph said, gagging.

"But you should be happy to see me kissing the most wonderful woman in the Multiverse! There is a very 
high probability that she will be your new mother."

Joseph gagged, the nausea becoming uncontrollable. He ran outside, and was able to contain himself before 
his stomach released its' contents out his throat.

The couch floated down again, so Loknar and Washuu could get back on. They held hands, as it moved 
towards them, like a ski lift, scooping them up, then rising.

Loknar smiled at Washuu, and she smiled back, their eyes sparkling.

Suddenly, they met again in a tight embrace, Loknar running his fingers through Washuu's hair, while she 
caressed his back.

After awhile, they stopped, sitting back up.

For awhile, they just sat in silence; the words which they wanted to say to each other clearly visible in their 
eyes, a gentle sparkle that could warm the soul of the loneliest person with only a glimpse.

"Washuu, my dear, there is something that I want to tell you...." Loknar said quietly. Washuu knew exactly 
what he was going to say. She squeezed his hand.

"We've been dating for about a month or so now, and we've agreed to be exclusive....I just want to say 
that...I...I...I....I love you, Washuu, my goddess. I've loved you for quite awhile, but haven't had the courage 
to say it out loud." He said slowly, then blurting it out at the end.

She responds to this with a gentle kiss.

"I love you too, Tassi, my cute little god. I've loved you for just as long - I haven't had the guts to admit this 
either, my love." She said quietly.

They look into each other's eyes, the sparkle increasing by the second. They gently held each other's hands, 
and moved closer, their faces now within inches of each other. The world around them began to fade like 
night into morning, the only things left being a beautiful garden, full of flowers, azure skies, puffy white 
clouds, the occasional cute animal, the hill on which they sat, and most of all, each other.

Silently, they met in a very soft kiss, their lips gently touching each other in a holy embrace, their souls 
truly becoming kindred, and one with each other. They held this kiss for minutes, their love literally 
pouring between them in this gentle connection.

When they opened their eyes, they shined with love, pure true. In Loknar's deep blue eyes, his love for 
Washuu became an immense ocean, covering all of his world, not leaving a spot untouched by his affection 
for her. In Washuu's gentle green eyes, there came a vast forest of true love, inhabited by the creatures of 
heaven, surrounding her and becoming part of her. The ocean and the forest met, and became a beautiful 
beach, the creatures of heaven joyfully swimming within the sea of love.

Loknar smiled, and hugged his new love, who hugged him back, tightly.

"Before I had met you, my darling, I had been married in the past. I had a son as well - But both were taken 
away from me, leaving me a gloomy, lonely, hermit woman. The revelation of loneliness only increased 
when Kagato turned against me, and imprisoned me in that crystalline shell, making my only daughter, 
Ryoko, do his bidding, no matter the cost or harm to herself. After Mihoshi released me, I found a home 
here, in this wonderful house, with these angelic people, including Ryoko. But she still is very estranged 
from me, and that deep void of loneliness still existed for quite awhile, none of the people here able to fill 
it. I stayed here, in my lab much of the day, inventing new things that would help the Multiverse, but 
nothing that could help me. Ryoko, Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, or even Noboyuki didn't 
tell that the time that I wasn't working on my inventions here, I was crying to myself, longing for some 
magnificent man to come into my life, and bring my spirit to come into my life, and fill the cavity within 
my soul. I found that the magnificent man of my dreams is you, and only you, Tassi." Washuu whispered, 
tearing up a little, and hugging him close. He hugged her back, as she buried her face in his chest, running 
his fingers through her hair.

"I know where you are coming from, my love. Across the millions of years that I have lived, I have had a 
wife at a different time in, most of them leaving me to seek someone else, dying of a plague, or most likely, 
killed by my enemies. All awhile, I am still alive, their deaths or abrupt leavings still very vivid. They die, 
b but I live....It makes me insanely depressed. Why can't they live as long as I? My last Orion wife was 
very faithful to me, and I loved her just as much. On the day that Orion disappeared - She was gone from 
me forever. I looked across the galaxy for her, but could never find her. My heart became burdened with 
the weight of depression, keeping me down. I still strived to invent, and did some great things for people; 
but my heart still pained like a thousand knives. This damnation of near-immortality made me forcefully 
make myself sleep for thousands of years, waiting for her, or anyone else from Orion to return. They never 
came. I know what had happened to my beloved homeworld, and it was for a good reason, but I cannot tell 
anyone, even the woman that I love with all my heart. Across the millennia, I wished and prayed for an 
beautiful angel that would come from the heavens, that I could love, and could love me back. You are my 
angel, my Washuu, my goddess." Loknar responded, tearing up as well.

The two lovers sat there for awhile, comforting each other, and crying their eyes out, their darkest demons 
now banished, as they had found their true love, one that would stay with them for eternity.

"I love you so much, Washuu...." Loknar said, drying the tears of his love with his handkerchief.

"I love you just as much, Tassi...." She spoke, drying his tears with her handkerchief.

He gently squeezes her hand. "We should go to the others, and tell them that we are now fully in love." He 
whispered, kissing her cheek.

"We should..." She says, kissing him back.

Taking each other's hand, they smile, and get off the couch, slowly opening the door.

While Loknar and Washuu fully fell in love, things continued as normal.

Ryoko sat in the TV room, flipping channels until she got to a really good scifi anime, with lots of action. 
They were finally broadcasting the full OAV of it in a ten hour block, and she turned it on at the last 
episode. Luckily, this episode was one that she hadn't seen, the rest she had viewed on tape. She watched 
closely, getting really close to the TV, her tail flicking against her chair every so often. She seemed 
unaware of the outside world.

"I have found out who the Demon of the planet Kuramitsu is!" Whispered the old spy on the screen, to his 
comrade.

"It has to be who I think it is!" Ryoko whispered, her face inches from the screen.

"It's -" The screen suddenly changed.

"Heeeeyyyyyy Kids! It's time for the Happy Kiddie Time Hour! First off, we'll show you a small Pretty 
Sammy episode, and theeeennnnn..." The announcer on the children's TV show announced.

"Mihoshi! What the hell are you doing?" Ryoko barked, angrily.

"Well....ummm.....You seemed to be hypnotized by the TV, and I....Wanted to see the Pretty Sammy 
espisode, and thought this would wake you up." Mihoshi responded, making nervous gestures as she 
explained.

Ryoko sweatdropped.

"Pretty Sammy? What da heck is that?!?!?!?!?!" She yelled. "Please get out of here, Mihoshi! I need to 
finish my show!"

"Allright, allright, Ryoko. You don't have to be so mean about it....::sniff::...."

"Sorry." Ryoko mumbled, as she wasn't big on apologies.

As soon as Mihoshi left the room, Ryoko changed back to her show. The plot had changed significantly in 
a few minutes, and it took her quite awhile to get back on track for the storyline.

"We have to defeat the Empress! It is our only option, my friends!" Yelled a dashing young captain.

"Darn, he is cute." Ryoko thought.

"And now back to the Age of Chivalry, with knights, princesses, samurai, emperors, queens, legends, and 
mythical beings abound! Today we take you to feudal Japan, during the Heian Period...." Shouted an 
overacting man on TV with a faked British accent.

Ayeka was smiling at the man on the television.

"Ayeka! What the hell did you change this to? The prissy princess channel?" Ryoko asked, enraged.

"I was changing the channel of the television from that mindless dribble that you were watching, and put it 
to something more noble." Ayeka said, smartly.

"I just kicked Mihoshi out of here! For the love of God, Eishi was about to defeat the evil empress!" Ryoko 
responded, even angrier.

"You can learn about empresses here, you idiotic ruffian."

"Oh, go marry your brother, you swine!"

"You wish a conflict, Miss Ryoko?" Ayeka said, her anger rising, and her logs appearing.

"Sure I do, madam priss."

Out of nowhere, something began to beep, and they closed their eyes for a moment. Ayeka and Ryoko re-
appeared in a place like an arena. A large screen floated out of the sky, revealing the pre-recorded messages 
of Loknar and Washuu.

"Hello there, Little Ryoko." Washuu's message said.

"WASHUU! I'll -"

"It's MOM, little missie. And this is an automated message."

"Greetings, Miss Ayeka." Loknar said, kneeling on his screen.

"Loknar! How dare you move me without my permission!" Ayeka yelled.

"That is no way to talk to the man who might be your father-in-law in the near future." He said, grinning 
mischievously.

She blushed at this.

"Wha-What did you say, sir?"

"Even though this is an automated message, I can tell that you are blushing at my words." He continued, 
then turning to both Ayeka and Ryoko.

"In order to lessen the financial burden on Tenchi, Noboyuki, Kasuhito, and Joseph, my brilliant and 
beautiful colleague -"

He was suddenly interrupted as Washuu kissed him, deeply, on screen, repeatedly. This continued for a few 
minutes, Loknar getting his words in between kisses. The two girls sweatdropped as they saw this.

"...Have devised the plan that whenever you come into conflict, you are temporarily re-located here, where 
you can fight your battles.....Without destroying the house. Hopefully......This will work." He spoke, 
grinning.

Washuu then turned to them.

"Prepare for battle! You will return when the battle is finished." Washuu told them.

All their weapons appeared in hand. Ayeka and Ryoko were still in a fury of rage while they had been 
instructed.

"Ladies! Start your weapons!" She shouted, blowing a whistle.

"Cheerio! We'll be in our lab by the time you're done with this." Loknar told them, waving with Washuu, in 
his normal British-sounding voice.

The fighting began.

Ayeka didn't see Ryoko's attack, as a beamsword jabbed her in the side, but was mostly blocked by a well 
placed Juraian power log, which split in half at the force of that attack.

"That was a log that you destroyed! You will pay for that, you infedelic harlot!" Hollered Ayeka.

Two small robots recorded the battle for future analysis by Loknar and Washuu, and discussed it among 
themselves. One robot resembled a swallow, the other looking like a crab.

"It is fascinating that this fight had been started over a really simple dispute: The choice of programming on 
the television." The swallow said to the crab.

"I concur. In my databanks, there is no idea how Washuu and Loknar can put up with this. Did they require 
us to record the entire battle?" The crab replied.

"Nah. Only the first part. The rest they've already seen. Let's go back to the lab." The swallow spoke, 
closing down the small digital camera in it's talons, and waddling into a small portal, followed by the crab.

By this time, Ayeka and Ryoko were in a stalemate. Both were injured a little by the other's attacks, but 
other than that were right where they were when the fight began.

"I need to have a little talk with Washuu about this - She and her boyfriend gotta stop meddling in our little 
arguments. Let's end this in a tie, for now." Ryoko said, panting.

"I agree with you for once, Miss Ryoko." Ayeka replied.

As soon as she said that, they returned to the house.

"Lunch is ready!" Sasami called.

It was about 1:00PM by now, the lateness caused by the extra preparing of food. Sasami had sensed that 
something was going to happen today, something wonderful, and that people would be hungrier than usual.

Ayeka and Ryoko, having tended to their wounds, race to the table, both starving after the long fight.

Then Tenchi and Joseph show up.

"Tenchi, you'll sit next to me, won't you?" Ryoko said, pleadingly.
"Umm...." Tenchi said, uneasily.

"Don't sit by her, Tenchi. She just wants your food so she can get more obese."

"You're not exactly a model yourself, Ayeka!"

"Then will you sit next to me, Joseph, and not by that old bag of imperialistic scum?"

"Well...."

"Miss Ryoko, how rude! Don't listen to her, Joseph. She's a braggart and a fool!"

The two glared at each other, then at Tenchi and Joseph, waiting for their decisions, but by that time, 
Tenchi had quickly sat next to Mihoshi, and Joseph sat next to Sasami's chair.

The two envious women glared at the two bachelors.

Soon, everyone had sat down at the table, except for two people.

"Where's Tassi and Washuu?" Sasami asked, "They've never missed my peppers before."


"I don't know-" Joseph said, stopping as a certain red haired genius and a certain long, pure-cloud-white 
haired genius, both holding each other's hand, came into the room, smiling.

"Everyone, we have an announcement to make." Washuu said, smiling.

"Lemme guess....You're going to have a baby." Ryoko said, sarcastically.

"Well, not yet - Maybe in a year or so." Loknar said.

Everyone received a bead of sweat on their foreheads after hearing just that sentence.

"What we're trying to say is.....Washuu and I...." Loknar said, blushing, and having trouble getting the 
words out.

"Are now officially in love." Both of them said at the same time.

Everyone stayed quiet for a minute, everyone dropping their chopsticks, and Joseph dropping his Galaxian 
Marine-Issue Universal Fork/Spoon.

Tenchi was the first to reply to this.

"Well.....Congratulations, Tassixar and Washuu!" Tenchi said, nervously.

Everyone else was suprised by this, but none moreso than Joseph and Ryoko.

"You make a cute couple!" Sasami said, smiling.

Everyone else gave their reply, but Joseph and Ryoko were the last to, and expressed their opinion. They 
couldn't formulate the words in their shocked minds, so they simply gave each parent a strange look, and 
fainted.

Loknar and Washuu laughed quietly at this.

Joseph and Ryoko quickly woke up, but fainted again to the words of "Hi Ryoko! I'm your new Dad!" and 
"Hi Joseph! I'm your new Mom!"

Ayeka cackled as quietly as she could to herself, about what Ryoko was doing. She viewed Joseph as doing 
what any human being would do, but she didn't consider Ryoko a human being.

"Ayeka. Are you laughing about my little Ryoko, at the table?" Washuu said, approaching her, with an odd 
look in her eye.

"N-no, Miss Washuu."

"I think you were."

"But, but.....I swear I wasn't."

Washuu stared into her eyes for a moment.

"I trust your judgment, Ayeka." Washuu said, in an odd tone.

She then went up to Loknar, and hugged him again.

"Is this some kind of crazy dream?!?!?" Joseph mumbled.

"Not exactly, 'Son'." Washuu said, giggling.

Joseph promptly lifted his head up, and dropped it on the floor, knocking himself out again.

----

Deep, within the empty regions of the outskirt systems of the galaxy, there lay a floating field of rubble. A 
once mighty ship sat in ruins, it's pieces infinitely orbiting itself. Nothing has touched it since He died in 
battle.

A small piece of an organ floats by a worn picture of a red-haired woman at a scientific academy. The 
picture is stained with blood.

Silence pervades the entire region, encompassing several miles.

Within the southern sky, a red star appears, glowing like the eye of Ares.

Something wearily opens its' eyes, after years of exile.

"Where am I?" It asks, to be answered only by the maddening silence of deep space.

"Tell me, damn you! What happened to my ship?" The entity yells, once again answered by no one.

In floats through the rubble, scrounging for useful components, until it sees the red star. The stars around it 
have become red as well.

"Brother........You are needed here." It whispers.

----

Within a darkened citadel, on the fringes of reality, a man kneels before D3, but more to the immortal 
goddess Tokimi.

"You have come." Tokimi says quietly.

"The Lord of Antares has arrived to do your bidding, Madam Tokimi. You and your associate are the ones 
that I swear my allegiance to." The man says, his voice almost exactly the same as the entity by the ruined 
ship.

"I trust that you know your orders?"

"I do, Madam. I shall rid the Multiverse of those that might stand in the way of your Master Design."

"Good. Good. I shall allow you a few months to prepare for this battle against them." Tokimi nodded, then 
turning to a small hologram on the floor. It was of a young man, around 23, with light brown hair, blue 
eyes, and glasses, in the uniform of a Galaxy Police officer.

"This one may prove interesting." The goddess thought, her thoughts not entering anyone else's mind.
