I don't own the characters in this story and I certainly didn't make any 
money
off of it.



Other characters
By, Clayton overstreet

  The marshal of the Galaxy Police sat back and looked at the ceiling. His
grandaughter had decided to remain on Earth, something to do with the
crown prince of Jurai. Morran knew Mihosjhi could handle herself, but her
attitude and work habits didn't cinvince too many other people so he had
been ordered to assign her a resonsible partner. Finaly he turned to his 
desk
and pushed the call button. "Please send in detective Kyonei please." Kyonei
entered the room and smiled at the marshal. "You sent for me sir?"
  Morran looked at her, "I'm reasigning you. I must warn you your new
possition will be highly dangerous and mentaly trying." Kyonei stood 
straight
and smiled, "I'm sure I can handle it sir." Morran smiled and nodded, "Yes I
am sure you can too. Otherwise I would not have sent for you. You will also
be getting a new partner who is already on the scene. Are you familiar with
First Class detective Mihoshi?" Kyonei's jaw dropped. "Yes sir. I knew her
at the accademy. She was the single most annoying individual I have ever met
and clung to me because I was her roommate."
  The marshal nodded. Mihoshi always did annoy people. Mostly because
she never seemed to have anything to worry about. "Well Miss Kyonei, she
is also my  grandaughter." Kyonei bit her lip and started to
appologize when he raised his hand. "No need. I know all about it. Now the
other part of your assignment is in this file. Read it on the way to your
destination. Coordinants have already been programed." Kyonei saluted and
left. Morran sighed and turned to his communication console. "Contact Asuza
at the royal Jurai palace."
  The computer dialed and made a connection. A face apeared on the screen.
It was not Asuza. "Hello Empress Funaho. I called into report that your
husbands orders were carried out. We have assigned a partner to Mihoshi
and she is on her way to Earth now." The empress nodded. "Thank you
Marshal Moran. I'm afraid my husband wasn't as... impressed at Misaki and
I were with your grandaughter. Nor was he totaly trusting in her ability to
manage the company she keeps, including your mother Washu." Moran
smiled and nodded. "How is she by the way?" Funaho grinned and managed
to keep her smile restrained. "She and your sister are fine. It seems Tenchi
has the ability to control them."
  Morran laughed, "What is it about that boy lady Funaho, that so captivates
our families?" Funaho shook her head. "I don't know Moran. But I will pass
your report onto the empreror. Thank you." The link terminated. Funaho
turned to Misaki. "Well sister, it seems one more person will be joining our
little family." Misaki grinned and hugged her sister-wife. "I always enjoy
meeting new people." Funaho kissed her lightly and said, "Lets go tell Asuza
about it. He needs to know." Misaki kissed her back and nodded.
  When they arrived in the thrown room they found Asuza. They had begun
to worry about him. He hadn't moved from the thrown since Tenchi had won
Asuza's permission to allow Ayeaka and Sasami stay on Earth. "Husband,
Moran called. He has assigned a partner to Mihoshi." Asuza looked at his
wives in a rather dienterested way. "Good... good." Then he stared off into
space again. Misaki bit her lip, but Funaho frowned. "Asuza, why are you
just sitting there? You haven't done anything else for the last month! Now
you are either going to tell us what's wrong or else."
  Asuza looked at his wives who seemed firm about this. "This is what's
wrong Funaho. Nobody listens to me anymore. You and Misaki have been
running the empire for years, bossing me around. And now I can't even get
my own children to come home. And... and... I don't know what else."
Funaho put her arm around Asuza's right shoulder and Misaki put hers
around his left. Misaki smiled and said, "Asuza you know we and the
children all love you. They've just grown up some." Asuza looked up at her
and smiled grimly. "It has been over seven hundred years since we've seen
them and what do they do when we do see them? Defy me, choose to stay
on Earth with Yosho's son, and protect that space pirate." Funaho playfully
patted his shoulder. "First off Asuza, did you realy want Serio to marry
Ayeaka?" Asuza thought about it and shook his head. ":He looked good on
paper." Funaho nodded. "Second, there is nothing wrong with Tenchi.
Ayeaka just has a crush on him because he's Yosho's son and Yosho doesn't
want to marry her. Tenchi, whether he knows it or not is in love with Ryoko.
And she wasn't realy responsible for her actions back then, so what else do
you have to complain about?"
  Asuza turned to Funaho. "How do you two always know what to say to
make me feel better?" Misaki and Funaho each kissed his cheek. Misaki
giggled and said, "It's a secret only women know husband." Asuza smiled
and said, "Well if our children can take a vacation I don't see why we 
can't.
Why don't we go visit our children and stay for a while this time. I believe
that was what you were discussing last time." Both women squealed in joy
and kissed him.
  Afterwards while walking back to their room, Funaho turned to Misaki and
said, "Have I ever told you how glad I am that you convinced me to marry
you and Asuza?" Misaki nodded and kissed her cheek, "Yes, but I don't
mind hearing it again."

  Kyonei read through the file. She was quite suprised at the people she
would be spending time with. One was the lost prince of Jurai, another his
grandson and new heir to the thrown. Crown Princesses Ayeaka and Sasami
were also there. A foot not indicaed that Sasami had merged with the
goddess Tsunami, which made Kyonei a bit nervous. Then there was the
mad scientist Washu and ex-space pirate Ryoko. There was an enormouse
amount of information on these two. It had been three days since she had 
left
for Earth and she was still reading the summary of Mihoshi's report.
  Kyonei remembered how the ditz had turned in twenty page essays when
only three pages were required. She had gotten top grades in the class
mostly because Kyonei had helped to tutor her. Despite the annoying
questions with obvious answers Mihoshi always seemed to pick up on
whatever Kyonei helped her learn. Unfortunately everything seemed to go
Mihoshi's way, while Kyonei had to work hard for everything. That was
what annoid her the most about Mihoshi.
  Kyonei flipped the page and read about some of the things that had
happened since Mihoshi had arrived. Kagato had been killed, they had
captured Dr.Clay, and apparently defeted some demon Ryoko had
summoned while in a fight with the princess. In fact there was a twelve page
list of the fights Ryoko had with Ayeaka and the reasons for them. Kyonei
had never heard of anyone fighting that much.
  The computer informed her that they were about to enter Earth's atmospere
just as she finished the last page. "Activate homing beacon so that we know
where to land." The computer beeped for a second then relied, "There is no
homing beacon on this planet." Kyonei jumped up. How could there be no
homing beacon? How did Mihoshi land if there wasn't? The ship entered the
atmospere and like a rock landed in the middle of the lake outside of the
Masaki home, directly on top of Mihoshi's ship.
  When she had crawled out of the lake she was wet, and tired. There was a
group of people standing there looking at her when suddenly one ran forward
and hugged her, "Kyonei! It's realy you." Mihoshi hugged her and introduced
her to the group. Tenchi smiled and said, "So you're Mihoshi's new partner."
Kyonei smiled and said, "Yeah, how'd you guess?" Tenchi looked at the pile
pf metal that used to be her spaceship, "Oh... just a lucky guess."

(To find out what happened at this point the auther suggests you read one of
the other fan fics he wrote in the OVA universe time line. Almost all of 
them
end the same way. Ryoko got Tenchi, Mihoshi and Kyonei are together, and
Sasami and Ayeaka have decided to live on Earth anyway)

  Three months later Asuza and his wives arrived on Earth. It had taken them
a while to arrange the trip. They had decided to suprise the others, but 
that
was not to be since Washu's sensores picked up their ships in hyperspace.
Everyone had come out to meet them. When they got off the ship Sasami,
Ayeaka and Sasami hugged Misaki while Yosho and Tenchi greeted Funaho.
Mihoshi and Kyonei wore their uniforms and bowed to the Emperor and his
wives.
  Asuza looked over Mihoshi's partner. She seemed level headed and her
eyes had a hardness that Mihoshi's lacked. Something glittered on her right
hand. It was a solid gold ring. Glancing briefly at Mihoshi's hand he saw a
similar ring. It seemed the partnership worked out better than Asua had
thought. He turned to Tenchi and the others. "So..." His face broke out into
a smiled, "...No hug for the great grandfather?" Sasami, Ayeaka, Tenchi, and
Ryoko hugged him. Sasami smiled up, "Does this mean you aren't going to try
to get us to go back to Jurai again?" Asuza nodded, "I promised you can
stay here and I meant it." Sasami hugged him again.
  Asuza noticed Ayeaka seemed to avoid looking at Ryoko and Tenchi, who
were holding hands. So his wife had been right. He glanced at Funaho who
gave him a 'I told you so' smile. Asuza walked over and looked at them both.
"So... anything you care to tell me about?" THey looked at him a little
nervously and tried to smiled. Ayeaka stepped forward instead. "Tenchi had
chosen Ryoko. I don't like it but it is so father. Despite that I still do 
not want
to leave Earth." Asuza nodded and smiled at his daughter, "I am proud that
you have accepted this so readily Ayeaka." Ayeaka nodded and smiled back
at him. "I think the fact that Yosho fell in love and married a long time 
ago
helped prepare me for it."
  Asuza looked at Yosho who had dropped his disguise some time ago.
Asuza grinned, "Yosho, you look much better than the last time I saw you."
Yosho bowed to his father. "Washu and Tsunami arranged for my tree to be
transplanted so Tenchi could give Ryoko her gems back." Asuza glanced at
Ryoko. "I hope that now that you have your full power you behave in a way
that is acceptable for a princess of Jurai." Ryoko smirked and nodded, "If
you meand 'Do I promise not to blow up the planet again', then yes I do."
Asuza nodded.
  Ryo-oki stepped forward and smiled up at Asuza. He reached down and
petted her head, "If it isn't the little performer. Have any new songs for 
me
today Ryo-oki?" Ryo-oki smiled up at him and stepped back. Then she
meowed the tune to 'Mary had a little lamb'. Asuza applauded along with the
others and Ryo-oki hugged his leg. "Myah!" Funaho grinned and watched
as Asuza finished saying hello to everyone. He had been much better lately,
less moody too. In fact when he walked in ano her and Misaki's makeout
session he had joined in. She smiled at the memory.
  Washu walked up and said hello to everyone, many of whome were
suprised that she now wore her adult form.Then she lead Funaho off to
talk. "So Washu, how have you been." Washu grinned. "Oh you know me,
just trying to keep up on my inventions. I'm also seeing Nobiyuki a little."
Funaho raised an eyebrow, "Oh? Well I guess he does look a little like
Tenchi, though if Mihoshi's report is correct he's a little perverted." 
Washu
laughed, "Well so am I. Mihoshi puts alot into those reports doesn't she?"
Funaho nodded. "We've had to assign a special assembly just to read them."
  They walked in silence for a while, until finaly Washu asked, "You also
want to ask if Tenchi and Ryoko can have children." Funaho nodded yet
again. "I know you promised not to make any more, but you never said
whether or not they could themselves." Washu laughed. "Yes Funaho, Tenchi
and Ryoko can have children. Ryo-oki can't, unless she and Sasami ask me
to... or Tsunami helps out." Funaho looked at the red haired scientist. 
"What
do you mean 'she and Sasami'?" Washu grinned. "Well they do say that sort
of thing may be genetic. And I have seen how you and Misaki act when no
body is looking. But they do have some other things in common."
  Funaho stopped and sat down on a rock infront of Ryoko's cave. Neither
of them knew that Achika used to do the same thing. "What could Sasami
have in common with a toddler, humanoid cabbit?" Washu sat on a rock
across from her. "Well Ryo-oki does have an adult for for one. For another
they have been very close since they met. And finaly since Sasami and
Tsunami will one day be full merged they can both turn into space ships."
Funaho nodded and shrugged. "It's her choice ofcourse. Though Misaki and
Asuza may be a bit put off by it." Washu smiled, "Are you saying my
daughters aren't good enough to marry royalty?"
  Funaho laughed and shook her head, "You know I wouldn't even think that.
Though I do feel bad for Ayeaka being alone." Washu looked at her and
said, "I think it might be good for her. She spent far to much time 
searching,
first for Yosho and then fighting for Tenchi... which was Yosho's fault 
again."
Funaho shook her head sadly, "My son has caused alot of problems." Washu
smiled, "Well my daughter caused her share of trouble. In fact we all have. 
It
is a horrible fact of life that if you are around long enough, you become a 
part
of history." Funaho grinned and nodded. "Mihoshi's report also mentioned
your history... all of it." Washu's eyes glowed blue briefly with divine 
power.
"I hope the royal family has the discretion not to spread that information
about." Funaho stood and mock bowed. "Oh yes goddess Washu." Washu
grinned and the light faded, "What did you call me?" Funaho bit her lip to
keep from laughing out loud. "I mean Little Washu."

  Misaki was buisy hugging the life out of everyone in the house while 
Tenchi
showed the Emperor around. As they walked through the forest Asuza
could appriciate why his children had decided to stay here. "This is a very
beutiful planet Tenchi." Tenchi smiled and nodded. He always enjoyed the
woods. They came to the clearing where he grew his vegitable garden. "This
used to be where we got most of our vegitables, until I had to start growing
carrots for Ryo-oki."
  Just as Washu and Funaho rounded the corner on the way back to the
house Tenchi lead Asuza to the cave. "So this is where Yosho kept Ryoko
imprisoned all these years?" Tenchi nodded and smiled nostalgicly. Asuza
walked ahead of him. "I'd like to see how my son did it." Tenchi lead him
past the iron gate and into the room where the sword was once kept. He
had not been in here since that day but he remembered every detail 
perfectly.
Walking over to the rock he had bound together with a now dried vine. The
wall opened when he removed the vine showing the wet hallway leading
down to the prison. Asuza looked down the hall. "Hmm, interest..." He was
cut off when he slipped and fell down the hall.
  Tenchi smiled and slid down after him. By the time he got to the bottom
Asuza had picked himself up and was trying to brush off the water. Tenchi
passed him and sat down by the pool where he had first seen Ryoko. Her
mask lay next to it. Tenchi leaned down to pick it up and smiled. He had
been so frightened that day.
  Asuza walked up behind him and looked into the pool. "Very nice.
Standard containment facility. Though I don't see how it kept Ryoko
confined for so long." Tenchi, still looking at the mask, said, "It didn't." 
Asuza
looked at him. "What do you mean?" Tenchi smiled, "She let it hold her here.
She could have left at any time. In fact she used to astral project out so 
she
could watch the world. I used to play with her when I was a boy." Asuza
shook his head. "I was told that you released her." Tenchi smiled. "I came
here and opened the cave alright. But I only took the sword. She could have
passed through any of these walls any time she wanted. She just didn't want
to until I was old enough."
  Asuza nodded in understanding. "When I met Funaho, she was the preistess
of this shrine. She has visions occasionaly so was considered the town
leader. Misaki was the one who thought I might marry her actualy. It was her
idea." Tenchi listened while Asuza talked. "They realy love eachother as
much as they love me. Maybe more. But that's alright." Asuza was breathing
slowly and Tenchi patted him on the back.Asuza turned to Tenchi, "I think it
was good for you to have been raised on Earth, just as it will be good for 
my
children to spend some time here. Here people can love eachother without
there being a political reason. You are a very lucky boy Tenchi." Tenchi
smiled and once again looked at the mask in his hands. "I know..."

  Sasami called everyone for dinner. "Sasami, do you do everything around
here?" Misaki asked. Sasami grinned and nodded, "It's alright mommy. I like
cooking and cleaning. I am realy good at it." Misaki shrugged and sat down
next to Asuza. Sasami had made cheese burgers, french fries, and some
chocolate pudding for desert. The toppings were set out on the table.
Everything from ketchup and mustart to onions and peppers. "I've been
trying American cooking lately. Ryoko seems to like these little black
peppers on hers, though she's the only one who'll eat them." Funaho had a
plain cheeseburge with nothing on it. "Mmm, this is deliscious Sasami. The
food had definately improved since I have been gone." Sasami grinned at the
compliment as she ate her own food.
  Asuza tried the french fries, "This realy is good. What's that you are 
dipping
them in Nobiyuki?" Nobiyuki passed him some ketchup. He smiled despite
dripping some into his beard. Misaki had some fries and a burger with the
works. She saw the peppers sitting there all alone only Ryoko taking afew
for herself. "Why doesn't anyone else eat those?" Funaho smiled and kept
quiet. Mihoshi looked at her and said, "Well those are very hot peppers.
Even I won't eat those." Kyonei agreed pointing to the food stacked on
Mihoshi's plate. Asuza grinned at Misaki. "I think we could probably handle
them." Tenchi smiled nervously and passed him the bowl. He and Misaki
each took one and bit into them simultaniously.
  It took a second befor either of them said anything. Asuza's eyes began to
water and the whited of Misaki's became as red as the rest of her eyes. They
were apparently incapable of movement. Ryoko had already poured some
orange soda for everyone and was passing out the glasses. She set them
infront of Asuza who had begun wispering, "Water... need water." He and
Misaki grabbed the glasses and downed them in the blink of an eye.
  Misaki looked at Funaho who smiled. "They did warn you." Asuza and
Misaki inhaled trying to get as much cool air on their tongues as possible.
Asuza looked at Ryoko. "You eat these volunarliy?" Washu smiled when
Ryoko answered, "Yeah. I like them. Here, have some more soda." She
poured them each another glass. Misaki drank hers a bit slower this time and
said, "Ooo, it tickles." Asuza looked at her again, "Why didn't you get use
some water?" Ryoko laughed, that would have made it worse. And we're
out of milk." Ryo-oki meowed from behind her carrot burger.

  The rest of the night went splendidly, as did the rest of the week. On
Sunday Asuza and his wives bid their family goodbye and took off towards
Jurai. Funaho and Misaki sat down next to him and kissed his cheeks.
"Thanks for a terrific trip husband." He smiled at them. "You're welcome. In
fact after I retire do you think you might like to live there?" Funaho 
grinned
and nodded, "Ofcourse that wont be for a while yet, right Misaki?" Misaki
grinned and nodded back, "That's right Misaki. Unless ofcourse we can
convince Yosho to take the thrown. But you have to admit that being on
Earth has been good for the children."

  Back on Earth Ryoko and Tenchi sat on the roof watching the stars. Ryoko
turned to him and smiled. "It was good to see them again wasn't it?" He
nodded. "Yeah... by the way, I found something of yours." Ryoko turned and
he held up her mask Smiling she put it on and reached for him like she had
that day in the cave. "Tennnchiii..." This time he smiled and kissed her.

The end

Author's note
Well, what did you think? I figured it was about time that the other 
characters
got a chance to develope some fans. Usualy the Royal family of Jurai are 
just
for plot developement, so I did something different. Anything you wish to 
ask
just email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com
