
Disclaimer:

Tenchi Muyo is the property of Pioneer LDC and AIC, I do not own 
the characters that feature in this fanfic (bar one) They belong 
to Pioneer LDC and AIC. But I'm sure you knew that already. You 
didn't? You fibber.

Author's note.
A fanfic sort of dedicated to Katsuhito. 'cos he's one cool 
character in all respects of the word. He just doesn't get enough 
press. Like thimbles. (Eddie Izzard joke)


Out of retirement.

Shadows danced and flickered against the cavernous walls as a man 
made his way along the natural stone corridor. He paused to 
inspect a giant double door that blocked his path. His hand traced 
the ancient runes that adorned the gateway, before he pulled out a 
key from his pocket. The impressive doors swung open before him, 
revealing a large chamber. In the middle stood a lone pedestal, 
holding the hilt of a sword. The man ran forward, unable to hold 
back his patience any further. The sword hilt was magnificent, 
encrusted with precious jewels. A glint appeared in the man's 
eyes, and a grin spread on his face. He picked up the artifact and 
ignited the light sword. A brilliant white glow lighted the room 
as the blade sprung forth from the handle. The man himself began 
to glow, as he felt himself become stronger, more powerful. The 
legends were true! It had taken him four hundred years, but it had 
been worth the wait. He had found the Sword of Jurai, and now the 
time had come to take his revenge.
"I am coming for you Yosho..."

Lord Katsuhito shook his head in disappointment as Tenchi fell 
down for the third time.
"Do not concentrate on your stance, concentrate on the targets."
Tenchi nodded, picked up his bokken and got back onto the criss-
cross of ropes that were stretched a foot above the ground. 
"Ready now? Remember, your balance must be instinctive. You cannot 
focus on your stance and your enemy at the same time."
Tenchi sighed, and awaited the impending onslaught of targets. He 
didn't have to wait long. Four wooden logs swung out from the 
trees towards him. He ducked the first, deflected the second and 
leapt out of the way of the last two, landing unsteadily on 
another region of the netting. A second volley of logs swung out. 
An insane number. Tenchi was caught completely unawares, the 
result of which would have brought tears to even the most hardy of 
warriors. Katsuhito shook his head for a second time and strolled 
over to his apprentice grandson. His expression changed ever so 
slightly when he saw the damage the logs had done. He carefully 
but quickly picked him up and with great speed and grace for one 
so old ran down to the house. 
"Tenchi?!" gasped Aeka as her brother made his way past her.
"What happened to him?"
"Clumsiness," Katsuhito replied as he continued to Washuu's lab.
Washuu was in the middle of a multi dimensional merger as her door 
was flung open.
"Hey, do you mind knocking?" she shouted as she spun around on her 
chair. Her anger drained rapidly as she saw Tenchi hanging limply 
Katsuhito's arms.
"Put him over there."
A bed appeared from subspace in front of the priest, which he laid 
Tenchi onto. He and Aeka watched as Washuu began her diagnosis.
"You really should remember that not everyone has your strength 
and reflexes, Lord Katsuhito."
The Lord's expression didn't change.
"He must learn, or he'll never be able to realize his full 
potential."
"At this rate he may not survive to realize his full potential," 
retorted Washuu bitterly. 
She frowned and shook her head, which only served to further worry 
Aeka.
"What, what is it Washuu?" she asked.
"Not good. What exactly did you do to him?"
Katsuhito frowned. "Nothing much. He was only hit for by a few 
poles..."
"POLES?!"
Aeka glared at her brother. "Those things are more like logs! How 
many hit him?"
"All of them."
Aeka gasped and looked down at Tenchi.
"Well that would explain this. Fractured skull, broken ribs, even 
internal bleeding. By Tsunami, you nearly killed him."
Although he didn't show it, Katsuhito was genuinely remorseful. Of 
course he never intended to kill Tenchi, or even hurt him, within 
reason. He had pushed Tenchi hard, but not without good cause. He 
had made many enemies in his time, and there were many more out 
there. There was a lot at stake on the little supposedly 
unimportant backwater planet, stakes that needed protecting. With 
the wings of the Light Hawk at his disposal, Tenchi was perhaps 
the most powerful being in the Jurian Empire. However he needed to 
be able to tap quickly into these powers or they would all be for 
naught. The sooner he was up to speed, the better Katsuhito would 
feel, and the safer they all would be.
"Ok, you're not needed here anymore. I'll send word when he's 
better. And I don't want you to make a habit of this, Lord 
Katsuhito. I have work to do, and I don't think Tenchi enjoys this 
sort of beating either."
Katsuhito bowed and the two royals left Washuu to her work.

As soon as the two had left the lab, Aeka began her speech.
"How could you? He's still just a boy, 17 years old. You've had 
hundreds of years to train, and yet you expect Tenchi to reach 
your standard within months. You're pushing him too hard Yosho."
Katsuhito was a little surprised to hear that name, but as per 
usual his manner didn't change.
"Let me handle the details Aeka. I know how hard to push Tenchi. 
He is my grandson, and I have trained him since he was a little 
boy. Today was merely an accident, and unfortunate case of 
circumstance. However he must learn. This is what he wants."
"I seriously believe that Tenchi has no intention of being 
killed."
"However he would give his life to save any of you without 
hesitation. Without this training it may come to that. Is that 
what you truly want?"
She shook her head solemnly.
"No."
Katsuhito folded his arms with a faraway look in his eyes.
"I understand your concern, it would be unacceptable for a 
potential husband to be crippled before you managed to get to him, 
ne?"
"Brother, what are you insinuating?" Aeka blurted out.
Katsuhito smiled and peered at her over his small spectacles. 
"I've seen you practicing secretly in the woods with mother's 
whip."
Aeka blushed intensely.
Her brother sighed and looked up again at nothing in particular.
"In a way I suppose I ought to thank Tenchi. It could have been 
me."
"What are you saying? Is there something wrong with me upholding 
traditional Jurian practices?"
"I suppose not. However remember this day when Tenchi comes to 
Washuu suffering from severe lacerations."
"That will never happen."
"Is that because you are so skilled or because you will never get 
the opportunity to try? You know there is an expression here; he 
who hesitates is lost."
Aeka said nothing, taking in his words of advice. Her thoughts 
were interrupted.
"Now let's get something to eat."
She watched the old man head off to the kitchen, unable to believe 
he could treat something like this so casually. She sighed before 
following.

"You've really outdone yourself today Sasami," praised Katsuhito 
as he tried the various delicacies that lay on the table. Sasami 
said nothing and merely beamed back at the compliment.
"Anyone seen Tenchi?" asked Ryoko through a mouthful of rice.
"Really Ryoko, speaking with your mouth full of food."
Ryoko glared at Aeka before leaning forward.
"There a problem with that?" she asked, spraying rice all over the 
princess's kimono.
"Ryoko! Now look what you've done!"
Aeka was now standing, her face beginning to go a shade of 
scarlet.
"He was hurt today during training."
Ryoko's attention was diverted from Aeka to Katsuhito.
"Hurt? How is he? Where is he?"
Katsuhito took some more fried fish before speaking again.
"This really is very good Sasami."
"How's Tenchi?" asked the little girl in a more innocent and 
sweeter tone.
"He's with Washuu. Don't worry Sasami, he'll be fine. He just got 
a little knocked about a bit."
"I'll knock you about a bit if it happens again," muttered Ryoko 
under her breath.
Katsuhito pretended not to hear her, and continued with his meal 
when suddenly there was a massive explosion. The household ran to 
a window to see the Yagami fall to the ground not far from the 
house, flames blazing from the engines and hull. The friends ran 
outside to see a second ship hovering above them. Only Katsuhito 
recognised the ship.
"The Yutsuiko."
He turned to see the forms of Kiyone and Mihoshi emerge from the 
smoldering wreckage of their ship. Without warning a transport 
beam appeared around Aeka, moments before she vanished. Seconds 
later a man appeared before them.
"It's been a while Lord Yosho."
"What do you want? What have you done with Aeka?"
"She's quite safe. You know it's you I want. Oh, that and the 
throne. Let's just say she's insurance."
Katsuhito ignited his lightsword and held it in front of him. To 
his right Ryoko did likewise. 
"Collaborating with gutter trash now are we? How the mighty have 
fallen."
Ryoko growled and leapt at the man, who flipped out his light 
sword. A brilliant white blade impacted with Ryoko's sending 
sparks flying. With a few fluid motions he had broken though her 
defenses and removed her arm. She hollowed in pain as she clutched 
her shoulder.
Katsuhito just stared at the weapon.
"The Sword of Jurai?"
The man nodded.
"You recognize it. Funny, there are many nobles who would laugh at 
the very mention of this supposedly mystical sword. Well here it 
is. And it is mine."
He dulled the blade and took a step back.
"I'm off to claim the throne now. No doubt you'll try to stop me." 
He paused for a second.
"In fact I'm counting on it. And I'll tell you now. My first act 
as Emperor will be the execution of Princess Aeka. Just to raise 
the stakes a little."
"Why you bastard!"
Ryoko flung an energy blast at him with her left hand, knocking 
him off his feet. He regained his composure quickly.
"I'll see to it you pay for that bitch," he barked.
With that he was gone, leaving an annoyed Ryoko, and sobbing 
Sasami and a thoughtful Katsuhito. Kiyone staggered up to the 
group, clutching an obvious wound in her side.
"Who the hell was that?"
"No need to worry yourself about that, miss Kiyone. Let's get you 
fixed up first."
He picked the galaxy police officer up and carried her into the 
house amidst protests, and threats of arrest.

Ryoko sat in the kitchen, nurturing her newly regenerated arm. It 
still was sore, but it seemed to be working alright. She clenched 
her fist tight as Katsuhito came in.
"I need to borrow Ryo Ohki."
"I thought you'd ask me that," replied Ryoko nonchalantly. "You do 
realize I'm coming too."
Katsuhito nodded. As much as he would have preferred to go alone, 
he understood Ryoko's desire to go.
"Just don't get in my way."
There was a tone of deadly seriousness in his voice, one Ryoko had 
not heard before. She simply nodded.
"When do we leave?"
"Immediately."

It was by no accident that Mihoshi had healed faster than Kiyone 
or Tenchi. She was driving Washuu nuts with her inane chattering. 
First it was the water works, then the chattering, and then the 
thank yous. It was all too much for the genius who was having a 
tough enough time stabilizing Tenchi. His condition had had 
complications, and though he was in no real danger, after what had 
happened, she reckoned it would be best to have him on his feet as 
soon as possible. Katsuhito and Ryoko would need all the help they 
could get.
Mihoshi's speedy recovery was just as well, as with Kiyone and 
Tenchi injured, and Ryoko and Katsuhito pursuing Aeka, it left no 
one else to console Sasami. The little princess sat in her room 
crying as she had done ever since her sister's abduction. There 
was a knock at the door.
"Come in," Sasami sniffled.
Mihoshi opened the door and sat down beside Sasami, just as she 
burst into tears and hugged the galaxy policewoman.
"There there, it'll be ok. Lord Katsuhito and Ryoko will get your 
sister back."
"Will they?"
"Sure they will. Or at least I think they will."
Sasami began to cry harder.
"Oh, no, I don't mean that. They'll try really hard. They'll get 
her back or die trying."
The tears began to come harder still.
"No, I'm sure they won't die. They can't die."
Mihoshi began to cry.
"They'll be fine. They'll all be fine. Oh, I hope they'll be ok."
Mihoshi hugged Sasami and sobbed relentlessly.
Sasami had stopped crying now, and was doing her best to comfort 
Mihoshi, who was by now even more upset than Sasami had been.
"Kiyone! Oh, please don't die! Or Tenchi! Please! You're my 
friends, I don't want you to die!"
"They'll be fine Mihoshi. Ryoko and Katsuhito are grown up. They 
can look after themselves. And Washuu's looking after Tenchi and 
Kiyone."
Mihoshi's sobs had reduced to sniffs.
"You mean it?"
Sasami nodded. She reached over and handed Mihoshi some tissues.
"I know, I'll make some tea for us all."
Mihoshi smiled and blew her nose noisily. Sasami left the room and 
began to walk downstairs before pausing.

'Wasn't I the one who was upset first?'

She smiled.

'Good old Mihoshi.'

She continued to the kitchen with a little more faith in her 
friends' abilities.

Aeka awoke to find herself in chains against a wall. She attempted 
to summon her powers, but they has seemed to have deserted her. 
Seeing her captor before her she tried a different approach.
"Why am I here?" she demanded in an imperious tone.
"We are to be wed," the man retorted.
"Over my dead body."
The man turned to face her. "Be careful what you wish for little 
princess."
She peered forward to examine the man's face but didn't  recognize 
it.
"Who are you?"
"Why, don't you recognize your dear old brother?"
He laughed out loud.
"Ha, of course not. Why should you."
Aeka frowned at him. "You're not my brother. Yosho is my only 
brother."
The man stepped forward again.
"Oh, I'm your brother alright. Although I understand why you don't 
recognize me. But when your brother gets here, you can ask him. 
Then you can at least die knowing all the facts."
He returned to his console.
"If you are my brother, then why have I never seen you or been 
told about you?"
"Because," he said bitterly, "I was exiled."
"For what?"
"For being jealous. For seeing your brother would get the throne, 
and I would not. He didn't even want it. But still he would get 
it."
Aeka could see his hand clenched tightly in a fist by his side.
"You would not have been exiled for mere jealousy."
"Of course not. I was exiled for trying to kill your brother."
"And exile surprised you?"
He spun around, his manner much more aggressive and unstable than 
the last time.
"I was no older than your little sister! I tried to push him off a 
first story balcony. He fell a few meters onto a bush. He wasn't 
even hurt! And *I* was exiled for that! Of course it was just a 
convenient way of getting rid of me. I was not meant to be. I was 
merely and accident, something that brought shame to the court. 
Dear old Yosho received all the attention. I was cast aside, 
rarely was I seen outside of the palace, even my room." 
A dangerous grin spread across his features.
"I spent my spring years in a ghetto of some hell hole of a city, 
scavenging to survive. While you were living in luxury I was going 
though garbage, in the hope I could live for one more day. Then, 
one night I found a man that had been killed in some sort of 
brawl. I looted his body for whatever I could. His shoes, his 
clothes, anything that I might use. It is then I found this."
He pulled out a piece of paper, held in a transparent covering.  
It was tattered and torn, on it a few diagrams and writing. 
"This heralded a new beginning. These are the clues that would 
eventually lead me to my revenge. My life had new meaning. At last 
I could summon the means to pay back all those who had hurt me.
Years later your brother came to find me. Oh so noble of him. He 
said he forgave me. After what I had been though, and he said that 
he forgave me. I didn't want his pity or his help. His very 
presence only insulted me further. But his visit wasn't in vain. I 
managed to acquire a light sword from his person. It's amazing how 
skilled you can become at something when you do it enough times. 
Ha, he never realized I had stolen it until he was back aboard his 
ship. By then I was long gone. With a weapon I was able to 
'acquire' items a lot easier. It took time, but I soon I was back 
on my feet. Four hundred years, that's how long it took me to get 
this far. But now my time has come..."
Part of her felt a degree of sympathy for him, if indeed what he 
was saying was true, however she still termed his actions 
unacceptable. One thing was for sure; she had to find a way out.
He held out a elaborate hilt to her.
"...and it finally lead me to this. The fabled Sword of Jurai. 
With this not even your magnificent brother can stop me. The 
throne will me mine."
She bowed her head and said nothing, hoping that Tenchi would soon 
come to her aid. Or anyone.

Katsuhito sat on a the floor, his mind focused on some matter that 
Ryoko could only guess of. She continued to guide Ryo Ohki through 
space, wondering who the man who had attacked them out of the blue 
was. She decided to voice her question.
"Who-"
"-was that man? I was wondering when you were going to ask me 
that. He is my brother."
Ryoko was truly shocked. Katsuhito had a brother? More 
importantly, he had tried to kill Katsuhito.
"Why attack you?"
"It is a long story, one that you do not need to hear."
Ryoko was about to protest, but paused. Instead she asked a 
different question.
"What was that sword he was carrying? You've got to tell me that 
much."
Katsuhito drew in a deep breath. 
"That was the Sword of Jurai. Legend has it that the very first 
Emperor carried a sword empowered by Tsunami herself. The sword 
would enhance the abilities of its bearer ten-fold. Thus in the 
hands of a master warrior it was the most potent of weapons. It 
was supposedly last wielded by the Emperor Hitosi, a mad man that 
devastated Jurai through ill leadership. No one could stand up to 
him because of his sword, until a warrior with no name challenged 
him. The sword not only enhances ability but weakness, and it is 
said that it is by this the unknown warrior was able to defeat 
Hitosi. He then took the sword and hid it where its power could 
never be abused again. 
Some maintained that the sword existed, other disregarded it as a 
fairy tale told to infants. Personally, it never mattered to me 
either way."
"I guess it matters now. But I suppose the big question is can you 
beat him? I sure as hell can't, not in a straight fight."
"If the legend is correct, then we need to concentrate on his 
weaknesses."
"Assuming he has any."
"Everyone has a weakness."
"Even you?"
"Even me."
"Care to share it with me?"
"Not this time Ryoko."
She smiled briefly, before becoming serious again.
"How do we find his weakness then?"
Katsuhito smiled.
"We toy with him."
Ryoko frowned. "Toy with him? How does that help?"
"Mistakes occur during loss of control. He will be wanting a 
straight fight. We do not give it to him."
"Well you're the boss."
Ryo Ohki increased her speed as the cabbit journeyed ever closer 
to Jurai.


Tenchi sat up, feeling a little dazed. He got to his face and 
looked around, his memory hazy. Suddenly he caught sight of Kiyone 
on a bed nearby. He hurried over to her, wondering what had 
happened while he was out.
"Kiyone?" he asked softly.
"She'll be fine," a voice said behind him.
He turned to see Washuu approach, dressed in her nurses outfit.
"I didn't discharge you, what are you doing up?"
Tenchi was in no mood for games.
"What happened here, why is Kiyone hurt?"
"We had a guest. A rather nasty guest who downed the Yagami, cut 
off Ryoko's arm and kidnapped Aeka."
Tenchi was having difficulty taking all of this in.
Washuu continued.
"Lord Katsuhito has gone with Ryoko to get her back. He's heading 
for Jurai."
"Who is this person?"
"I don't know. But I believe your grandfather does."
"I want to go after him too."
Washuu smiled. "I'm sure you do, but you're not going anywhere. 
You have to recover, and even if you were fighting fit, there's no 
way to pursue him. The Yagami suffered primary and secondary 
system failure, plus major hull and engine damage. Ryu-oh's not 
space worthy, and Ryo-Ohki's gone already."
"There's still one ship left," he declared, charging out of the 
lab.

Sasami sat by the window, gazing out onto the countryside, 
thinking about her sister. 
"Sasami? I have a favour to ask you."
Sasami spun round at the sound of the voice.
"Tenchi? You're all right!"
She ran up and hugged him fiercely. That was one more person out 
of the woods.
"I need to contact Tsunami."
Sasami looked up to him.
"Why?"
"I want to go after your sister. But I need a ship."
"A ship? But Ryu-oh's, wait, you mean the Tsunami?"
Tenchi nodded. "Can you get her for me?"
Sasami thought for a minute.
"I'm not sure how to contact Tsunami," she said honestly. "I'll 
try though."
She paused, before trying the only way of contacting the goddess 
she knew how.
"Tsunami! Tsunami!"
Tenchi felt it a little strange that Tsunami, to who Sasami had a 
definite link to, had to summoned simply by calling, as if she was 
just in another part of the house. He shrugged. It was probably 
what he would try. They stood in the kitchen for a few seconds, 
waiting to see if something would happen. Nothing did.
"I'm sorry Tenchi, but I don't know how to speak to Tsunami yet."
"Try doing it on more subliminal way," suggested Washuu, who had 
come into the kitchen to get a snack.
She opened the refrigerator and began rummaging around.
"Tsunami exists on an astral plain, it's unlikely that you'll be 
able to reach her by shouting."
She took out a sandwich, and took a bite, chewing thoughtfully.
"However she is omnipotent, and a part of you, so she should be 
able to sense your feelings and desires."
The three stood in silence, waiting to see if anything would 
happen. Again there was only silence, bar the slight noise of 
chewing.
The door opened, as Kiyone came in, leaning against the door, 
clutching her side.
"What do you think you're doing out of bed?" demanded Washuu, as 
Tenchi went over to help her to a chair.
"I couldn't just lie on a bed when I knew there was a problem."
"What makes you think there's a problem?" continued Washuu.
"Come off it Washuu. A ship comes out of nowhere, downs the 
Yagami, and now I find you lot trying to summon Tsunami. You don't 
need to be a first class detective to figure out that there's 
something wrong. Now what's the deal?"
Washuu sighed.
"Right, this is what we know..."

The Yutsuiko sped past the burning hulls of three Galaxy Police 
patrol craft that had tried to stop it. On board Aeka watched in 
horror as her captor turned the ship around, and fired at the 
helpless vessels.
"NO!" she cried out as she saw the remnants of the ships disappear 
in giant explosions.
"You didn't need to do that!" she shouted at him. "They were 
defenseless."
"They deserve everything they get, self righteous idiots." 
He smiled.
"Ironic isn't it? This is a Galaxy Police vessel. A prototype 
actually."
Aeka said nothing.

Not long after, Ryo Ohki came across the debris of the destroyed 
ships. Ryoko stopped the ship to investigate.
"Galaxy Police. Shit, that ship of his must be something else. 
There must have been about two ships here, maybe more."
She turned to Katsuhito.
"Care to tell me something about this ship of his? If it can take 
on two or more Galaxy Police ships and reduce them to this, I want 
to know about it before I go up against him."
"He won't fire on you while I'm aboard," Katsuhito replied.
"Oh, and why not?"
"Because he wants to fight me. In combat on Jurai. He won't be 
satisfied with killing me be destroying the vessel I'm on."
Ryoko turned around to face the old man, hands on hips.
"Ok, enough circular talk. I want to know everything you know. 
We're not moving an inch until then."
"We're wasting time."
"I don't care. I want to know what we're dealing with."
"I am dealing with."
"I'm not going to let you go in alone. I owe him."
Katsuhito looked at the space pirate and could see she meant it. 
He let out a slight sigh.
"Very well, I'll tell you, but only if we continue to follow him."
"Fair enough. But I want to know everything."
He nodded, and Ryoko resumed the pursuit course.
"About a year ago I received news from a friend in the court that 
an experimental prototype Galaxy Police ship had been stolen, and 
that the thief had been identified by court officials as my 
brother. His name is Jisome. All you need to know is that he is my 
brother and he was exiled."
"And I suppose he wants revenge."
"That's right."
"Did you exile him?"
"No."
"Then why this vendetta against you?"
"I do not know. Jealousy perhaps. I was to inherit everything, he 
would get nothing. I assume this jealously has turned to loathing 
over time. He was, how do I put this, an unexpected child."
Ryoko simply nodded.
"What does he intend to do?"
"Kill the Emperor, and take the throne."
Ryoko frowned. "Can he do that?"
"He can with Aeka."
"Ha, Aeka would rather die than marry him," she retorted coldly. 
"There's no way that can work."
"He may 'force' her to marry him. Against her will."
"She'd rather..."
"Die, yes, you told me. He can prevent her from killing herself 
though, and does not necessarily need here concession to marry 
her."
"What kind of marriage is that?!"
Katsuhito took a deep breath. 
"Arranged marriages are not uncommon on Jurai. Especially amongst 
royalty."
"That's why you left isn't it?"
"Partly. There were other reasons."
"Didn't want to become Emperor?"
The old man shook his head.
"It is not a way of life that appeals to me. I have spent most of 
my life on earth, and intend to see out the rest of there."
He gazed out of a portal, almost with an look of regret and 
sorrow.
"Many of my fondest memories were given to me on earth."
"Your wife?"
"That is one of them. The fact remains, it is my home now."
"A kind of retirement?"
He surprised Ryoko with a smile.
"Of sorts. Not that I've done that much in my lifetime."
"You locked me away for three hundred years. I could have done 
without that."
"But then you may have never met Tenchi."
She paused. He had a point. Were those three hundred years in that 
cave worth it? Her mind began to recall all of the events since 
her release. A small smile appeared on her face.
"Anyway it would seem my work is not yet finished."
Ryoko's smile disappeared as she frowned at him.
"Aren't we being a little cocky? Are you telling me you're a 
better fighter than anyone else on Jurai."
A raised eyebrow answered her question.
"Just my luck that *you* had to come after me."
"Luck had nothing to do with it Ryoko. Neither you nor Kagato 
warranted anyone but our best men. I was not the only one who went 
after you."
"But you were the only one to get me."
He nodded.
"No doubt there's some new knight who could still give this old 
man a run for his money. It's been a while since I was last on 
Jurai."
"You're forgetting someone."
"My grandson? He still has a lot to learn."
"He can summon the Wings of the Light Hawk."
She gasped as single and unmistakable translucent shield appeared 
in front of her.
"You can..."
"Only one. But it is enough." 
A bleeping sound interrupted their conversation.
"Miya miya."
Ryoko nodded. "I see it. Looks like your brother's been busy."
The cabbit flew past the hulls of several Jurian ships as they 
entered the Lord's home system.

"Time for our family reunion," Jisome declared to Aeka. She found 
herself bound by circular energy rings, before being lifted off 
the ground within a energy bubble. The two reappeared in the 
Jurian court, Aeka still in her bonds. Jisome began to walk 
towards the palace doors, as guards moved to intercept him. Aeka 
watched as he dispatched them with relative ease. There was an 
almighty crash as the palace doors fell to the ground before the 
blazing Sword of Jurai. He continued along the corridor, Aeka 
floating helplessly behind him. More guards met their ends by his 
hand as they progressed ever closer to the throne room. Finally 
they reached their destination, and the two stopped outside the 
throne room doors.
"Do you think anyone's home?" he asked maliciously.
Aeka just scowled at him. 
"You won't win. You can't beat everyone."
"Watch me."
He raised his sword and swung it the wooden barrier. It splinted 
and then fell under his second stroke. He stepped over the 
remnants, only to be confronted by a dozen Jurian knights.
"Who are you?" demanded the Emperor from his throne.
"Who am I?" Jisome asked. "WHO AM I?"
He laughed out loud.
"Don't you recognize me father? It's your son, Jisome. Why don't 
you ask mother? Oh, that's right, she's not here is she? Probably 
back in the kitchen where you found her."
He smiled as he watched the Emperor react to his words.
"I, I have no idea what you are talking about. Guards!"
The knights closed in on him, only to pause when he raised his 
sword.
"Do you know what this is?" he shouted. "This is the Sword of 
Jurai!"
"Preposterous!" declared Asuza.
"Let me prove it to you then!"
The Emperor and his wives watched in horror as their guard fell 
before the white arcing sweeps of the Sword of Jurai. The last 
fell to the floor clutching his open chest as Jisome 
contemptuously stepped over his body. 
"I believe this is yours?"
The energy bubble holding Aeka flew forward.
"Aeka!" cried out Misaki, getting up from her throne.
"Release her immediately!" Asuza shouted, "Or face the 
consequences!"
"Consequences?" mimicked Jisome. "What will you do father? Exile 
me again? Not this time. For today I shall take back what is 
rightfully mine!"

Tenchi sat at the kitchen table, feeling utterly useless. He 
stared at a cup of tea that Sasami had given him an hour earlier, 
wondering how Aeka was, as well as Ryoko and his grandfather. 
Kiyone came and sat opposite him, sporting various bandages.
"How are you holding up?" she inquired.
"I feel so useless. Aeka needs my help, but I can't give it to 
her. She could be in real trouble."
Kiyone got up and tried to pour herself a cup of tea, but found 
herself struggling.
"Here, let me."
Tenchi got up and poured the tea for her.
"Thank you. You don't seem that useless," she commented, sitting 
back down.
"You know what I mean."
She sighed.
"When's the last time you beat your grandfather in a sparring 
match?"
Tenchi frowned at her.
"Why do you ask?"
"When?" she persisted.
"I can't remember."
"Well then what are you worrying about then? If Lord Katsuhito 
can't deal with this, then what makes you think you could do any 
better. Look, I know you'd like to be there too, but can't. Just 
trust him."
"Looks like I have no choice."
The kitchen door slid open as Mihoshi came in.
"Kiyone, Kiyone, Washuu just got a message from Galaxy Police HQ!" 
she announced, shaking her partner's shoulder.
"Owww, stop that!" complained Kiyone wincing significantly.
"Oops, sorry. Come on!"
The three hurried to the lab, where Washuu was busy at her 
console.
"You may be interested in this. An hour ago three Galaxy Police 
patrol ships transmitted to HQ that they had confronted the 
Yutsuiko."
"The Yutsuiko? The experimental ship?"
"Yup, that's the one. Impressive little bastard. I should know, I 
helped design most of its systems back at the academy."
"You did?" asked Tenchi.
"Oh yes, but that was some time ago. Anyway, HQ lost contact with 
all three ships, and when they went to investigate, all they found 
was debris. They've sent a veritable fleet after it."
Kiyone frowned.
"How did you manage to crack the Police scrambled comm frequency?"
Washuu glared at her.
"Stupid question I guess."
"Dead right it was. Any how, I found out that this guy who 
attacked you is now on Jurai, somewhere in the palace. The Galaxy 
Police can't get to him because this ship seems to be on auto 
pilot and destroying anything that gets close. I'm trying to 
contact the palace, but there seems to be some interference."
"What about Ryo-Ohki?"
"She's entering the system now. I just hope she can make it past 
that ship."

Ryoko fell to the floor as Ryo Ohki was hit by a second barrage of 
intense weapons fire.
"Miya!"
"I know, I know," complained Ryoko, picking herself up. She turned 
to Katsuhito.
"I thought you said he wouldn't fire on us?!"
"He's obviously not on board," came the reply.
The ship shuddered again.
"Ryo Ohki can't take much more of this!" she shouted across the 
room.
She turned her head to see the Galaxy Police fleet regroup. She 
gritted her teeth.

'This is our chance.'

The fleet moved in to engage the rogue ship. It was met by a 
thunderous barrage that destroyed nearly half of it. Ryoko seized 
her chance and flew Ryo Ohki at full speed towards the palace. The 
ship shuddered violently as it entered the atmosphere, much to the 
cabbit's discomfort.
"Nearly there, hang on," Ryoko whispered to her ship.

"This is rapidly becoming tiresome," declared Jisome, as the last 
of another wave of guards fell to his blade.
He turned to face the Emperor again.
"Fight me coward!" he challenged, pointing the sword at his 
father.
Asuza moved to get up, only to be held back by his wives.
"How touching. You are wasting your time ladies. If he will not 
come to me, then I will come to you."
He stepped forward, only to suddenly stop in his tracks. A wry 
smile came across his face.
"You made it brother. And you brought the pirate too."
"I owe you one," Ryoko replied icily.
The two spread out as Jisome turned to face them. Ryoko dived in, 
striking with the speed of rage and anger. Jisome parried and 
deflected her blows with relative ease. They locked swords, coming 
face to face with each other.
"I'll take off more than your arm this time," he hissed, pushing 
her back and swiping towards her neck. Ryoko teleported out of the 
way just in time. 
"It's me you want," declared Katsuhito, his feet spread, his sword 
poised.
Jisome turned to face his brother, a little surprised to see he 
had dispensed with his disguise.
"I had thought that form was merely an illusion," Jisome commented 
as the two exchanged blows. 
The two disengaged and faced off again.
"Why brother? Why attack Aeka?"
"She is of our father. That is all the justification I need."
"Your anger and jealousy cloud your judgement," replied Katsuhito. 
"I refuse to believe you could become so cold-hearted."
"Do I really need to prove it to you dear brother, by killing 
everyone in this room?"
Katsuhito frowned as he looked into his brother's eyes. He could 
see the coldness and unforgiving.
"I cannot permit that."
"You no longer have the choice. I am in command now."
Jisome reinforced his words with actions, reigning blow after blow 
down on his brother. Katsuhito kept his composure despite the 
onslaught. However it was the attack that troubled him. Ever since 
his last encounter with Jisome, he had always thought that time 
would heal the wounds of resentment that he had seen in his 
brother. He had had hope. But now, now the man before him was no 
longer a man, let alone his brother. Jealousy and bitterness had 
twisted him into someone, something unrecognizable to him. And 
this person was trying to kill all that was dear to him. Very 
rarely did Yosho allow his emotions to get the better of him, 
however he was having great difficulty fighting down a feeling of 
anger and frustration. 
He saw little hope for his brother now. If only he had persisted 
all those years ago. Perhaps he could have saved him. Saved him, 
and stopped, this.
Ryoko watched as the warriors fought fiercely back and forth 
across the throne room. Jisome seemed to be the one attacking all 
the time, Katsuhito blocking, parrying and dodging almost as if he 
was predisposed. He didn't seem to be making any moves. Only 
responding to them. However this was not because he was out 
matched. Not completely.
He watched his opponent's response every time he did make some 
sort of offensive maneuver. Ducking and rolling to avoid a 
particularly nasty move, Katsuhito tumbled into the center of the 
room, his breathing still slow and steady. Jisome was beginning to 
pant a little, but was still nevertheless in control.
"I am no fool Yosho," he shouted. "I know what you are doing, 
trying to wear me down, so I make a mistake. Well I'm sorry to 
disappoint you, but it's not going to happen!"
He charged again, reigning blisteringly fast strikes at Katsuhito, 
who blocked all but the last. Jisome's smile was wiped off his 
face as his sword made contact with a Light Hawk Wing.
The lapse was all Ryoko needed. She loosed off two plasma blasts 
at in quick succession. Both made contact, knocking Jisome off his 
feet and across the room. Ryoko quickly teleported over to 
Katsuhito and helped him to his feet.
"Getting a little clumsy aren't we?" she chided.
To her surprise he nodded as he got to his feet.
"I've scolded Tenchi for such mistakes as that," he said under his 
breath.
Ryoko shook her head in disbelief. There was no way in hell that 
either she or Tenchi could have repelled such and onslaught of 
blows for that long. She put it to one side as Jisome renewed his 
attack. Katsuhito pushed Ryoko to one side and engaged his brother 
again.
Asuza watched the fight with great interest, unlike Funaho, who 
was terrified that lest her son be hurt. She cringed as he barely 
avoided a swing that nearly took his head off, unable to tear her 
eyes away from the battle. Misaki was also watching the fight with 
great apprehension, but was also watching Aeka, who was still in 
her energy cage. Ryoko also noticed Aeka, and decided to do 
something constructive, seeing as she would only get in 
Katsuhito's way if she tried to help. She flew up to the cage and 
swung at it with her light sword, only to have it rebound off it. 
She growled, and moved to safe distance before unleashing an 
incredible barrage of plasma discharges at it. Aeka saw it coming 
and cringed as her prison shook under the energy bombardment. The 
field flickered, but remained intact. Ryoko scowled, and renewed 
her attack. Masonry began to fall from the ceiling as blast after 
blast impacted on the field. Ryoko paused briefly to catch her 
breath and to see what impression she had made on her target. It 
was definitely more translucent than before.
"One more time!" shouted Misaki.
Ryoko nodded, took a deep breath and launched a final volley. The 
field collapsed, and Aeka fell to the floor in an undignified 
heap. Misaki immediately got up and hugged her daughter, happy 
that she was safe.
Neither Katsuhito nor Jisome had time to pay attention to what was 
going on around them. Katsuhito was slowly learning his brother's 
weaknesses, and was quick to exploit them. The battle was going 
more and more in the old priest's favour, and Jisome could sense 
this. Katsuhito threw a series of dummy jabs, followed by an 
arcing sweep that moved Jisome's blade away for just enough for 
him to get in a blow. Jisome moved to one side, but the blade 
still cut his cheek lightly. Blood trickled onto the floor as he 
disengaged. The years on the streets as a child had taught him to 
judge a losing situation quickly, and this was one such instance. 
"This isn't over brother," he cried before turning to the Emperor. 
"And I shall have your throne one day father."
With that he vanished. Funaho ran over to her son and embraced 
him, much to his discomfort.
"I knew you would win," said Asuza triumphantly. Katsuhito glared 
at his father with nothing short of contempt.
"This was caused by you father, the product of another of your 
mistakes. I may not be here to sort up your messes next time. Bear 
that in mind next time you exile someone."
Asuza seemed a little shaken by Katsuhito's stern words, but said 
nothing.
Aeka moved away from Misaki a little and looked her in the eye.
"Is it true? Is he my brother?"
Misaki was silent, but Aeka's question was answered in her 
mother's eyes.
"Why did no one tell me?"
"It is not something we are proud about."
"It was wrong."
"Your father knows, and he regrets it, although he is too proud to 
admit it."
Aeka looked to one side.
"I still have difficulty believing it. Believing he would do, such 
a thing."
"He was still young."
"That's no excuse," snapped Aeka. 
"What's done is done, we cannot change the past," declared 
Katsuhito, adopting his original disguise. "It is time we were 
going, the others will be worrying."
Aeka nodded, and walked over to join her brother and Ryoko, 
wanting to be away from her father as quickly as possible. 
"Won't you stay a while?" Funaho asked her son pleadingly. "I've 
missed you so much, I never get to see you. Or do I need to 
visit?"
Ryoko and Aeka could have sworn they saw Katsuhito cringe.
"No mother, I cannot. I have family to look after." He drew the 
two girls close to him, as if to make his point.
"And it would be inconvenient to Noboyuki if you were just to 
randomly visit. I'll keep in touch."
"Like hell you will," muttered Ryoko.
Katsuhito gave her a dig in the ribs. "Let's go."
The three said their farewells amidst protests from the two 
Empresses. Asuza said very little.

Ryo-Ohki broke Jurian orbit and headed off towards earth amidst 
the Galaxy Police salvage fleet. The Yutsuiko had managed to 
destroy four more ships and cripple many other's before making its 
getaway. Several ships had tried to pursue it, both Galaxy Police 
and Jurian warships, however the chase had been in vain; the 
Yutsuiko was no where to be found. 
The voyage back to earth was a quiet one, except for when 
Katsuhito had made a request.
"I suggest we don't tell Sasami about this until she is older."
The two ladies nodded their agreement. This was not the sort of 
thing she needed to hear just yet.

"No, not like that. Always keep your weapon raised."
Tenchi nodded, and lifted his bokken to a ridiculous height.
"I can see you're not in the mood to learn anything today. You can 
go."
Tenchi bowed, and headed off back to the house, leaving his 
grandfather sitting on the steps of the shrine. He didn't really 
feel much like teaching either. He looked up at the blue sky, with 
his brother still on his mind. He was still out there, filled with 
anger and resentment. The old priest let out a sigh, wondering 
whether Jisome would ever learn forgiveness. He greatly doubted 
it, and was very sure it wouldn't be long before he saw him again. 
He put the matter to the back of his mind and went into the 
shrine's office to get a broom. He wasn't going to let all of 
these little distractions interfere with his life and his 
important work. He didn't have to time go around fighting long 
lost brothers in epic sword fights. That was Tenchi's job now. His 
time was long gone, and besides, he had a shrine to look after 
now. The priest began to sweep the leaves in front of the shrine, 
before pausing. He put the broom to one side and picked up a 
paper. The sweeping could wait for when Tenchi got back. A slight 
smile appeared on the old man's face.
It was good to be back. 

C&C to Daschmidt@hilarity.freeserve.co.uk
A little disjointed and not a terminal ending (does that count as 
an oxymoron? Who knows? Who cares?) but it leaves room for a 
potential sequel/continuation. 
Thanks for reading.


