				Outsiders, chapter 3:
				     the revival
				a fanfic by Whitestar
Here we go again.  Part 3.  I don't think this has ever been attempted.(the revival, that
is).  Of course with my luck, that's because it's impossible.  Never stopped me before.
Anyway, for those of you who've been just dying to read this (all both of you) I'll 
continue the story without further ado.  As for the revival, you'll find out soon enough.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Blip....
Blip....
Blip-Blip-Blip-Blip-Blip.....
Kiyone glanced at her kawaii little timepiece.  A present from Mihoshi, its body was a
plastic rabbit with an impossibly huge grin, especially because rabbits can't grin.
Apparently the designers, being Human, had neglected to care about this.  Now, the hands
were pointing at almost the exact time she had expected. "Always punctual, aren't they"
Tapping a few keys, she brought up an extrapolated image of the treeship's expected
trajectory based on the information just recieved from the system perimeter satellite which
had just detected it.  It told her nothing she had not known before.  "I'd better go tell
them." she muttered as she rose reluctantly and shuffled towards the door.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Meanwhile, a scene similar to the one still playing on the monitor in the GP headquarters
of Terra was displayed on one of the primary stations in the 3rd core interface of Washu's
lab.  Once again Washu wondered what exactly could make the Jurian nobles so collectively
nervous that they would recall the princesses.  If the power recently demonstrated to her
was any indication of what lurked out there, they were at least justified in doing that
much, and probably more.  Dismissing the thought, she immediately began searching for the
menacing phantom which had managed to threaten the greatest empire in the Galaxy.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Miya Miya!
*Finally*
It seemed like they had been waiting for hours.  A thought traversed the minute distance to
the crystal before her, and the starfield image on the surface behind it shifted fluidly to
another indistinguishable starfield.  Except for one part.  Years before, the image of a
Jurian treeship would have brought nothing but calculated aggression.  Ironic, that now it
should be such a good omen.  At last, She would be free of that little prudish nuisance.
And to think, after so many fights, that the end should come like this, Aeka leaving by her
own will, and by that of her precious Empire.  With another burst of thought, Ryoko made
the ship's ETA known, and Ryo-Ohki began to move slowly back towards the marbled sapphire
she called home, her first real home.  After all, she thought, turning from the still
painfull reminiscensce to a more hopeful thought.  A smile spread across her lips.  With
Aeka out of the way, it was only a matter of time before Tenchi was hers at last.  With
that prediction, she slipped back into her mind to nurse a fantasy.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To a human mind, reentering Einstinean space would have been disorienting at least.  Even
with a mind capable of existing in or out of four-dimensional space, the shift was a shock
to one's awareness.  If one opted to keep it active for the duration.  The bulky form of
the Culler shifted position slightly.  It really was a nuisance to have to inhabit a human,
but, he supposed, a necessary evil.  Snapping out of his reviere, the master surveyed his
domain.  Everything was pretty much as it was three days, five hours ago, at the last star.
A primative surge of lonlieness was instantly repressed.  If only he had been able to finish
the purging of this body's neural tissue before starting.  But enough with "what ifs", now
to the buisness at hand.  Calling up fresh readings of the vicinity, he saw what must have,
at its outset, seemed a plan sure to be sufficient to deal with him.  That's what beuracracy
did to an empire, though.  11 Jurian treeships lay in wait for him behind a quarter-dozen
barren planets.  He sighed.  It was time to show the empire to stay out of his way.  In a
few moments, he had calculated the Jurian fleet's probable attack formation.  With one more
thought, he gave instructions to deal with it, and then sat back.  The hulking ship lurched
into motion, entering the trap laid for it, as it was expected to.  Moving at once,
treeships burst from behind a few planets to surround the invader.  A few of the nearer ones
released their directed gamma beams, followed by those behind them.  One, behind its target,
boosted to overtake the prey and impale it with the platinum spike sprouting from its side.
The radiation was refracted by a parabolic displacement field intended for that purpose, and
instead curved towards the small globe protruding from the top of the ship.  There the beams
were absorbed harmlessly by its crystal lattice.  Small blue spheroids sped from their ports
and into the midst of the treeships, now trying to maneuver around to flank their enemy.
At the programmed time, they activated their mechanisms, and generated powerful
gravitational fields, ripping two of the closer ships into pieces.  As the others tried
futilely to escape the forces exerted upon them, a calculated flow of particles arced
through the void to meet with them, rupturing their sides as they struggled against the
insurmountable tide of gravity.  They slowly accelerated backwards, only to be crushed like
so much glass, their mass added to that of the artificial singularities that now warred in
the deapths.  The platinum spike neared one of the exaust ports of its target.  Energy
crackled to life, and arced to its tip.  The energy traveled through its length to the
living wood it grew out of.  A mass of tiny explosions racked it as xylum adapted to carry
electricity overloaded and burned out.  Though it now floated dead, the treeship, with its
spike, still bore down on its enemy.  A plethora of red energy beams, resembling a cone,
streaked to their common focal point, at the base of the spike, and spread away from each
other, forming a red double cone.  The focal point moved across, cleanly shearing the spike
from its base as platinum ionized under multiple gigajules and ceased to hold.  The spike,
now free, slid down from its place of attatchment and floated away.  The behemoth continued
to move, in its signature stately manner, towards the distant star known to inhabitants of
the third ball of rock orbiting it as Sol.  A tiny flitter hovered among the debris,
moving no more than it had during the entire event.  Inside it, a stream of photons crossed
the dimensional interface.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A mere few moments later, those same photons crossed another interface, only to discharge
themselves, thus delivering the information they were emitted to convey.  Danza unlinked
himself and stepped away from the terminal, passing through the portal and into the light
of Sol.  His eyes altered their dimensions in ways no human, indeed, no natural organs
could, focusing on the scene playing out a few hundred meters away.  The princesses of Jurai
bid their final farewells to those they had become so close to in such a short time.  They
both stepped away, Aeka setting her face in a determined expression, and awaited the beam
which would take them away from this plaanet.  It came, both of them vanishing behind the
green pillar of light cast from the heavens before it withdrew, leaving nothing.  The
figures remaining stood only a few seconds before turning and returning the way they came.
Tenchi turned to look at the giant tree which stood some distance away, and then walked
slowly back with the rest.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What was so different about tonight?  After all, Ryoko had spent many nights on the roof
of the Masaki's house, and tonight should have seemed no different.  But tonight the scene
seemed more... vibrant somehow.  In fact, ever since Aeka had left, everything had seemed
slightly better.  Colors were brighter, the countryside looked quite beautifull in the
moonlight right now.  She lay on her back and stared at the moon for a while.  As she slowly
started to drift off, a shadow gradually covered her face.  Thinking someone was there, she
snapped her eyes open, only to find herself still alone.  She sat up, looking for the source
of the shadow.  The search led her back to the moon, or to what was left of it.  A black
form was obscuring most of the moon.  After sitting there dazed for a few seconds, she
jumped to her feet and shifted into her battle suit. *Nagi!* Why did she always pick the
worst times to show up.  As she gazed at the silhouette eclipsing Luna, the angry expression
dropped from her face. *That's not Ken-ohki.  Its ...*  Her eyes grew wide as she remembered
what Aeka had said about the threat to her precious Empire.  Once she realized what was
happening, she jumped off the roof and floated to the ground.  Her mental link to Ryo-ohki
flared to life, rousing the cabbit awake.  She came bouncing out through one of the near
wall to stand and Miya inquisitively.  Ryoko picked up her ship and initiated the
transformation by hurling her upwards.  She followed, flying up to meet the crystaline ship
now hovering in the sky and phasing into it.  Cabbit and master soared away from Terra to
meet the object which now floated menacingly in the heavens.  Within a few seconds, Ryo-Ohki
had closed the distance between the two vessels.  Ryoko managed to restrain her killer
instincts long enough to transmit the galactic signal for "identify yourself".  This
uncharacteristic leniency availed her none, however, as the enemy responded with a pinkish
beam that lanced to the nearest of the cabbit's crystaline "ears".  Cursing her foe's
unprovoked hostility, Ryoko recovered quickly and spat out her orders.  The cabbit danced to
the side and pelted the invader's mottled surface with beams of her own.  Each of the half
dozen golden rays were bent upwards to the crystal protruding from their target, and were
absorbed.  The crystal managed to absorb a few more barrages before it shattered, creating
an expanding cloud of glassy dust.  Ryo-Ohki managed to hit her enemy a few more times,
its shielding now useless, before a greenish ray encased the cabbit in a semitransparent
field.  A few more beams were deflected harmlessly into space as they passed through the
bubble.  On board the cabbit-ship, Ryoko was standing, trying futilly to discern what was
holding her ship defenseless.  She sensed a disturbance across the room, so she spun,
activating her reddish blade.  The large man who had just appeared didn't give her a chance
to use it, however.  He lifted a hand quickly, before Ryoko could move.  Green-bluish
lightning arced to her glowing sword and it extinguished.  The energy moved to the rest of
her, and she snapped back slightly before becoming immobile.  He hefted his considerable
bulk over to her, still forcing energy through the air.  She managed to lower her head and
look at her assailant before dropping into unconsciousness.  As the insistent miyaing
surrounding the two died away, so did the lightning streaks between them.  Both of them
glowed briefly before dissapearing, leaving the space empty.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A sharp pain flashed through him.  He let it continue just long enough to determine the
source before blocking the sense responsible.  It took a few seconds to analyse the
signal which had caused it, after which he stood, trying to determine the cause.  Abruptly
he snapped out of it and fairly fley towards the house that stood nearby.  Phasing back in
on the inside of the wall, he saw Tenchi slowly descending the stairs.  He stopped halfway
down and turned, bewildered.  
     "You felt it too?"
     "You mean.."
     "Ryoko, she's in trouble." he was still progressing towards the door which ages ago had
opened into a mundane closet.  Reaching it, he raised one hand and moved it in an
inscrutable pattern.  A second later, the door opened to reveal Washu-chan in the doorway.
"He's got her"
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tenchi waited.
He had been told to wait across the bridge from the small island where Ryu-Oh stood.  Washu,
on his left, was typing furiously, so there was nothing left for him to do but wait.  Across
the bridge he could see a slight shimmering effect around the enigmatic visitor.
     *What's that sound?* He hadn't noticed it before, but it was getting louder.  The
bubble before the great tree was beginning to glow.  As he watched, a protrusion began to
extend from the huge trunk dominating the island.  A few sounds of surprise from beside him
notified him that this was important.  The glowing bubble was obscured as it was encased by
red tendrils extending from Ryu-Oh's new limb.  Suddenly, the whole tree began to glow
brilliant white, and he had to cover his eyes.  When the glowing stopped, he looked again to
find the tree was gone.  When he looked up, he was amazed to see a vaguely familier shape
high above the now empty island.
     "Coming?" that was from Washu, who had started across the bridge.  Still amazed, he
followed slowly to the center of the place where the great tree once stood before he was
engulfed by the brilliant green transport beam from above.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
That's it for chapter 3.  Has anyone else thought of doing that?  Oh well, I don't have
much to say here, so just come back for part four soon.  I still haven't decided how long
this will be.