					Outsiders, chapter 5
					      Withdrawal
					A fanfic by Whitestar
Just two more to go folks, hope you like them.  Standard disclaimers apply, 
don't sue me and
so forth.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     There was a slight sound as the space-bubble struck the underside of a 
gravity incline
and emptied its contents into normal space.  As the slight sense of 
disorientation faded,
Danza said to Tenchi "Much better than last time, hm?"  The younger man's 
face flushed
slightly as he recalled his recent attempt at interstellar travel.  
Treeships don't function
well without a mind to guide them, and when one must move without a 
controller, it must use
a secondary method of travel.  Humanoid minds, in turn, do not function well 
in hyperspace.
Tenchi's experience was one he would just as soon forget.  That may not be 
possible,
however, if Washu somehow got her hands on the results.
     The Outsider's thoughts turned flittingly to the space pocket in which 
he had enfolded
said product.  Perhaps when this mission was over and things had been 
returned to what
passed for normal for these people, she would get her sample after all.  He 
sighed inwardly.
His presence here had long since caused this dimension to split.  He might 
as well use the
opportunity to test a few more possibilities.  He cleared the 
quantum-photonic pathways that
passed for his mind.  Only a second had passed since the ship emerged.  He 
stood and joined
the three already scanning nearby space.
     An image flickered into existence before them, covering the blank 
forward wall.  It
showed the space in front of the ship, and in the center was what looked 
like a small
silvery object with streaks of red.  As the magnification increased, it 
became identifiable.
     "It's really big." came from behind them.
     "How can you tell" Tenchi replied
     A slightly puzzled look covered Sasami's otherwise blank expression "I 
just can."
     "Take us closer"  Danza's order was quickly followed, and Ryu-Oh began 
to accelerate.
"Everyone get ready."  They all waited silently.  Tenchi's hand rested on 
Tenchi-Ken, but he
did not draw it yet.  A few breathless seconds passed.  Danza noted they 
were inside the
enemy's teleportation range.  They waited some more.  He sensed the others 
were becoming
anxious.  Washu was about to say something when the Outsider suddenly moved.
     In a flash he was by Aeka's control alcove, energy blade in hand.  A 
few orange sparks
flew as it moved up to block the initial strike.  Suddenly Ryoko was there 
fighting him.
They traded a few more blows before anyone else could react.  He feigned 
momentary
distraction as the true enemy appeared just in front of  the screen image.  
Ryoko took the
advantage, and scarlet energy sliced down through the side of Danza's neck 
and into his
torso.  He dissolved in an incandescent blue flash.  Everyone there was 
stunned for a
second, then the princesses in their alcoves started screaming.  It was a 
scream of pain.
This was enough to shock Tenchi back to awareness.  He quickly realized why 
as a distinctive
black ray appeared between each of them and the bloated evil one's 
outstretched hand.  Dark
beams culminated in equally distinctive clear bubbles at each princess's 
chest.  Suddenly,
something began to appear behind Ryoko.  Yellow light beams twisted 
themselves around her
neck and arms.  She collapsed to the floor, struggling vainly to use her 
bound power.
Tenchi was oblivious to this, though, for he had already started charging 
his enemy.  He
didn't get very far before a force wave knocked him back to the wall and 
sent the inactive
energy sword sliding away.  As Danza made himself apparent again, the 
princesses'
crystalline star seeds emerged and flew towards their would-be captor.  One 
of them was
intercepted by Danza's white beam.  A piece of crystal flew away and bounced 
off a wall, but
part of Aeka's star seed remained in the grip bubble, as did Sasami's.  As 
they reached his
hand, the evil being disappeared again.  The princesses collapsed into 
unconsciousness.
Washu immediately teleported over to Sasami and tried to figure out what was 
happening.  The
newly reformed Outsider brought himself and the shattered star seed to Aeka 
and started to
regenerate the crystal.
     "Finally showing your true power, ne?" A swift change of subject. 
"What's happening to
them?"
     Danza sighed, "This is what he wanted.  He's taken their star seeds.  I 
believe you're
familiar with the concept."
     "Star seeds.." A quick search through her memory. "But that's just a 
theory."
Surprised, "And after the AT field was confirmed.."
     "They're both possible.  When it crystallizes, the light is surpressed. 
  The technique
is known only to a few."  He let the self-proclaimed genius figure out the 
rest on her own.
In a few seconds he had finished regenerating Aeka's seed and restored her.  
There was
nothing they could do for Sasami.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     The group was understandably dismayed.
     Washu broke the silence with "I believe you owe us an explanation."
     "Indeed," he responded, "It's time you know what's really going on."  
They were back on
the platform where Danza had first taken Tenchi when they arrived, suspended 
against the
starfield.  Aeka's presence was rendered by a holographic incarnation as she 
guided the
ship.  Ryoko was there as well, still quite stunned from the recently broken 
influence upon
her.
      He explained to them what he was.  About the Outsiders and their 
civilization.  They
were quite surprised to find out what he was, that his body was artificial, 
and generated by
what he called a 'core'.  They were even more surprised when he told them 
about their enemy,
and that he was almost the same thing, except for using someone else's body. 
Ryoko and Aeka
were a little skeptical about the parallel dimensions thing, and that the 
body The Culler
was in came from Earth, but not their Earth.  Its previous owner was a young 
man of little
consequence.  Even so, only a twisted being would kill a Human and take his 
body.  Only a
more twisted being would try what the evil one was trying now.  Finally he 
explained about
the Phoenix.  The semiorganic creature that destroyed without thought.  What 
was left of the
former unit's pseudo-mind imagined it could control the blazing mass of 
souls.  Even if that
was true, whatever he/it decided to do with the Phoenix would undoubtedly 
involve the death
of a few billion innocents.  Eventually Ryoko asked why he had taken her.  
Danza lowered his
head for a second before replying.  The inception of the Phoenix required a 
living organic
base.  Ryoko was the only known being with enough power to provide a seed 
for the creature.
He had taken what he wanted from her, after bringing her under his control, 
and then used
her to get the rest of what he needed.  Two souls, crystallized into star 
seeds, must be
brought together with the embryo and infused with several terajoules to 
complete the
creation.
     "Therefore, we know where he will go next.  He can't go to another 
dimension without
attracting too much attention, so he has to find an energy source here.  
There's only one
close enough to even consider.  That's where he'll go.  We must stop him 
here.  If we
don't.."
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     The final destination drew near.
     Everything had been gathered, and all that was left was to hold off Mr. 
Goody-Goody out
there.  A memory of the body welled up from within him.  If this worked, he 
reflected,
Sasami would be dead by his hand.  That made him no better than-.  He 
stifled the thought.
The princess would live, protected from him and the Phoenix alike by the 
laws of dimensions.
None of the infinite myriad realities could never be truly changed.  
Everything that can
happen will.  It's just a matter of which path one takes.  After all, this 
body had come
from someone with a destiny, no matter how small.  By taking it he had not 
affected the
reality from which it had come.  The young Human called Jason would continue 
living, and yet
he had also died when that bio-core had snatched him so many years ago.  How 
long was it
now?  Even so, he couldn't help but feel the slightest twinge of guilt, even 
as numbed and
jaded as his emotions were.  Sasami would die.  For that matter, everyone 
would die.  And
what use was it.  To kill a billion even though they would go on living 
somewhere else.  But
then, he thought, the same could be said of his counterparts, the ones who 
saved those who
were fated to death.  Perhaps the Phoenix had the best lot in this.  To 
exist in ignorance
and be for the sake of being.  Ignorance may be bliss, but once you've 
tasted knowledge,
regression becomes impossible.  No matter, he thought, I chose this path, 
and at its end
either the phoenix will be born and a universe doomed, or I will be gone.  
Either way,
things will continue elsewhere.  What happened here was not significant 
except to the copies
made by dividing destinies.
     Outside, the ship continued to push forward.  In its wake, a cabbit 
floated silent yet
alive.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Glad you were able to sit through that.  As K'Thardin was nice enough to 
point out for us
all, apparantly I can't write.  Tough for you, huh?  Well I can imagine.  At 
any rate, come
back or don't for the big finish.  Either way, I still don't get paid.

