				    Outsiders, chapter 6
				          Revelations
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     A titanic shower of glowing sparks.
     Residual embers burned blue in the screen for a few seconds more before 
fading to the
black of their energy-leeching surroundings.  Only a little time passed 
before the next
globule came speeding at them, blazing with barely contained energies.  Like 
the others, it
bounced off a flawlessly aimed barrier field and detonated harmlessly.  
Everyone present
knew that each detonation held enough power to vaporize Ryu-oh about five 
times over.
     "A minor distraction, and he knows it."
     This drew another look of mild astonishment.  Despite all they had 
seen, and all other
indications, the assembled group still had little idea of the true extent of 
his power.
     Another bomb bounced off the reflection field and detonated.
     They would find out soon enough.
     Five hours had passed since they last left jumpspace.  By now the 
ship's sensors could
feel the massive presence they were approaching.  He knew what it was, and 
based on the
absence of any evidence of their enemy's presence, he also knew where that 
one was.  The
insane core had gone inside, taking his stolen treasure to its final 
destination.  One way
of another, this game would end now.
     He stroked the dance of energies playing throughout nearby space with a 
metaphysical
feeler.  The remnants of a false-space bubble still clung to the ship's 
vicinity.  A huge
tangle of energy reared up straight ahead, monolithic and mysterious.  The 
shell surrounding
it prevented anything much more specific than that from getting through, for 
now.  And
something else played at the edge of his sensitivity radius.  He decided to 
set that aside,
judging that if it was worth worrying about, it would become clearer soon.
     Focusing the scan, he probed into the moods and mindset of each member 
of the
"expedition".  Aeka was holding back the grief with an old sense of duty, 
surpressing hope
and sadness alike with her mighty willpower.  Ryoko was nursing her anger, 
waiting for the
chance to explode with vengeful fury at the one who had violated her.  He 
would take that
into account when the time came for that inevitable confrontation.
     Next, something unexpected happened.  A different type of spatial 
fissure opened up,
this one shaped like a near-planar vortex, obviously the product of a 
bridged pair of
subfinities.  What emerged was the equivalent of yet another familiar face.
     There was a slight crackle as the connection flared to life, and the 
crinkle of some
empty wrappers being cleared away from the screen on the other end.
     "Oh I-I-I'm so glad you're all safe, we just woke up and then you were 
gone and we
didn't know what had happened and then she made me- but you- and now-"  
Mihoshi's squealing
monologue was broken as she started into her signature wailing cry, which 
was then broken
as she was yanked away from the panel.
     "There you are.  We've been looking everywhere, Tenchi.  Now would 
someone tell me
why we're out here in the middle of nowhere being shot at?" sweat drops were 
in evidence all
around at this from a Kiyone who was very miffed at having all her friends 
disappear
without so much as warning, only to find them several parsecs away, as she 
put it, 'being
shot at'.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     More incredulous stares.
     "So now the bad man has Sasami's star seed and half of Aeka's, which 
he's going to use
to turn Ryoko's embryo into a Phoenix and destroy the universe??"
     Sometimes she just acted like she didn't get it.  Or maybe she really 
didn't get it
until the very end.
     "Uh, yeah, pretty much.  And now it's up to us to stop him, revive 
Sasami, and save the
universe."
*all in a day's work for us, I suppose.*  Of course it wasn't quite as 
simple as that, due
to most everyone having an ulterior motive.  Ryoko wanted revenge.  Aeka had 
to save her
Empire as well as her sister.  Washu.. well, she was inscrutable as ever.  
The Outsider made
a mental note to add her to the List.  As for himself, besides his 
responsibility to clean
up this mess the renegade had caused, many of his constituents had become 
attached to this
dimension and its inhabitants, as many of them had once held ideals 
proclaiming the life
Phoenix would burn to be sacred and something to be preserved.  Even having 
been exposed to
the cynicism and pragmatism of ages, the ideas were still rather attractive. 
  Regardless of
all that, though, he had his mission, orders handed down from the 
pseudo-intelligence that
could still keep secrets, presumably for fear of creating renegades like the 
one he now
chased.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     "Where's he going?"
     He nodded, indicating the empty space that was their enemy's apparent 
destination.
Knowing that was insufficient, he tapped a few commands into a nearby panel. 
  Aeka had
pretty much given him control of her ship, both because he could have taken 
it anytime he
wanted, and because her mind was not clear enough to interface correctly 
with Ryu-oh.  The
scanners shifted their frequency, sending the key wavelength to illuminate 
the true
destination.
     A round of gasps escaped the assembled group as the first rays 
returned, bearing a
startling image.
     The objet was huge.  Easily twice the size of Sol, although that wasn't 
quite
reflected in the display.  What could be seen was that against the expansive 
surface,
garishly illuminated with false-color radiance, their enemy's ship appeared 
a speck.
     "The concept is similar to a Dyson Sphere," he explained, "it gathers 
energy from a
star, mostly radiation and gravitational force.  This one is built around a 
blue-white type
O."
     "What's he trying to use it for?"  Washu was predictably the first one 
to recover from
the surprise.
     "He needs energy, and this is the only place he can get enough 
quickly."  For better
or for worse, they had to make a final stand here.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     The Yagami pulled up slowly on final approach to their chosen docking 
port on the face
of the sphere.  They had chosen to leave Ryu-oh some distance away.  There 
were ways to
manipulate pseudo-intelligences like the one it used, while the Yagami would 
be sure not to
turn against them after they had left it.  There was a slight tremor as they 
made contact,
and another one as the sphere's unresponsive hatch was blown open.  The crew 
made the short
trip through the weightless juncture, three floating, while Kiyone tried to 
make Mihoshi
remember how to swim in air, and Tenchi and Aeka were pulled along by Ryoko 
and Washu.
Ryoko's grasp on Tenchi's arm betrayed none of her usual overblown 
affection, and he
shuddered to think of what she would do when she caught up with her defiler. 
  Soon they
turned a corner of sorts, and entered the zone where the sphere's fields no 
longer canceled
the star's gravity.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     "Well well, we finally meet."
     The voice was low, yet oddly twisted.
     "Yes, we meet at last."  The other being's back was to them.  "You know 
what I have to
do.. Jason."
     "Of course.  You're still their slave after all. But Jason's dead."
     "He might be more alive than you think.  Either way, it doesn't really 
matter anymore."
     He snickered faintly "confident, aren't you."
     "Always."
     "Enough talk."  Ryoko ignited her blade, "I'll never forgive you for 
what you've done."
With that she charged straight at him, all fields up and ready to kill."
     He turned instantly and knocked her back across the room with one wave 
of an oversized
hand.
     "Ryoko!"
     "Enough of that.  It's me you want, and I know you've been waiting for 
this moment as
much as I have."
     A pause "Well, you're right about that.  To kill one of you would 
almost make the
entire project worthwhile.  It would also be completely pointless."
     "Unless I win." His omnipresent transparent field glowed bright yellow.
     "Yes, unless you win."
     As if on cue, they both sprang into action, teleporting quickly for a 
better shot.
There were torrents of sparks and shockwaves as the two titans duked it out. 
  When Mihoshi
fired, it seemed like she was aiming at nothing in particular but..
     'smack!'
     The shot had embedded itself in Jason's head.  It popped back out a 
moment later
though, and the insanely lucky shot was rewarded by a spread-wave which 
knocked the two
officers and Tenchi, standing nearby, to the floor.  Jason's attention was 
still on the
fight, trying to block a large energy shot only inches away from his barrier 
field.
     "You know you can't win."  Suddenly the loyal Outsider was standing 
over him, still
trying to force the bomb past his efforts.
     ".....Yes.  Something like me could never.. beat something like.. you.  
Only this
time.. I don't need to."  Suddenly he was gone.
     "That fool" Danza followed in a flash.
     Meanwhile, Washu was already at one of the terminals lining the control 
room' walls.
     "My my, he's already activated the final charging sequence."
     "What's that mean?" Ryoko had already gotten up, but was still rather 
stunned.
     She looked around at the three prone forms, then back to the screen, 
"This could be a
problem.."
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     "Face it, he's taken control"
     "No, you face it, the final sequence has begun, and you can't stop it.  
The phoenix
will rise by an Outsider's hand.  Your efforts have resulted in the 
destruction of this
dimension."
     "Not ours, Jason's.  I can feel it now, and so can you.  He's taken 
control of you."
     "No! Jason is dead!"
     "He's not.  You let him take you over."
     "I killed him! I killed him and took his body!!"
     "You didn't destroy his mind.  But now I will."  Suddenly Jason found 
himself gripped
by the throat, his feeble efforts to free himself completely wasted.
     "You can't.  You can't kill one of your own!" there seemed to be no 
panic in his eyes.
     "You're not one of us."  With that, the bloated head popped, spraying 
blood and gray
matter across alloyed deck plates.  The core emerged.  It looked like a 
metal heart embedded
in the late fatso's brain.
     With complete apparent disregard for the assemblage nearby, the two 
star seeds slowly
orbiting an oversized cell casing, underneath what was obviously an energy 
injector, Danza
started searching the twisted neuro-domination unit's memory.
     Seconds ticked away, and a whining noise slowly made itself evident.  
Suddenly, it
stopped.
     "Poor kid." He was staring at the remains of Jason Cullum.  The traitor 
must have
already been twisted to have taken his body in the first place.  The 
combination of those
sick minds must have been...  But now that one was dead, and the other one, 
he looked at
the ball in his hover-field, would be dead soon, once the collective had 
taken what he knew.
Slowly, he scooped up the three objects from their suspension field and 
left.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     "And now it's over.  Forgive me if I'm not more excited."
     "Indeed, you seem to almost be in a worse mess now than you were with 
the Phoenix."
This drew a characteristic wry chuckle.  While the universe was no longer in 
danger, the
planet might be in a little trouble as soon as Ryoko came to grips with what 
had happened.
     "She'll probably either drink herself silly or use the baby to try and 
get Tenchi."
     "'The baby needs a father figure, Tenchi.'" He mimed rather accurately.
     She joined in with Aeka's obligatory response, "'Lord Tenchi does not 
have to take
responsibility for your illegitimate offspring, miss Ryoko.'"
     "'But I can't raise a son all by myself, an-'"
     "'You would not have to if you had not gone off and conceived one in 
the first place.'"
     "'Now wait a minute, I was just trying to...' and so on."
     "Until they get into a fight."
     "And blow up half the house, and expect everyone else to clean up after 
them."
     Washu sighed, "It's not easy being me."
     "I would imagine not." Sympathized Danza.  "Still, I would also imagine 
things becoming
a lot more interesting around here."
     "More than if we had eliminated the embryonic product of Ryoko and your 
renegade."
     "Yes, sometimes a conscience can actually come in handy.  Speaking of 
that renegade,
this should make up for helping me recapture him." He was reaching into a 
transpatial pocket
in the air.  "Here," he retrieved a small globule containing some mostly 
transparent,
shimmering stuff, "I know how hard you've been trying to get that sample.  
Consider it a
parting gift."
     She had already finished identifying the contents of the 'gift' and was 
staring at it,
amazed.  "But how did you get-"
     "Don't ask, don't tell, Washu-chan.  Just have fun with it."  He 
conveniently chose not
to think about what she would do with 'essence of Tenchi'.  In a white 
flash, he was gone
from the lab, leaving the diminutive scientist standing nonplused for a 
second, holding her
long-sought-after prize.
     Maniacal laughter filled the great dark expanse.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Hehehe.  Well, that's all for Outsiders.  Thank you for sticking 
through it.  FYI I got
the star seed idea from Sailor Moon season 5, as you might have already 
figured out.  If
anyone thinks this ending is just begging for more, go ahead and write a 
continuation.  The
idea of Ryoko with a son is just...  Anyway, I'll be writing some more, much 
to the likely
charingement of many.  (Too bad for you)  Now for some shameless placing: 
visit my page at
members.xoom.com/CidVI  take a look at everything by Peter Suzuki and 
Keiichi Masaki, which
should be on Gensao's TMFF page, and see K'Thardin's reviews at 
members.tripod.com/kthardin.
That's all for now, and don't be too cruel in your reviews, for I am 
trying...
									Stephen Daniel
									Whitestar

