Author's note: Hi! Cantalyne here. Ok, legal stuff first: all Tenchi anime 
stuff isnt mine. This story is mine, and copyrighted to me. So no stealing, 
'k? Now, in terms of the fic, this one's pretty dark, and my first about the 
Tenchi crew. Please send any feedback at all!

It's What You Wanted

She yawned, a long, stretchy cat's yawn that tensed all the muscles in her 
back. Midnight. The night
prowler, having concluded her late vigil, was ready for slumber. Golden eyes 
closed in deep contentment;
the happiness that comes to the one who sleeps and dreams.
	For Ryoko did dream.

Her eyes opened. Where am I? She sat up cautiously, taking in her 
surroundings. She was in a bed, that
much was clear. A soft and warm, if unfamiliar, bed, which happened to 
contain. Tenchi! Wildly she
searched the room, her heart pounding out circles around her lungs. There. 
There it was, a wedding dressed
of palest blue and white draped with graceful casualty across a chair.
	Her mouth dropped open as emotions piled one atop the other. She had won. 
Won what? Victory.
Over who? How? She was so dazed. She tried to remember; she thought long and 
hard, but no answer
surfaced. No matter, she would ask Tenchi. Gently she shook him. "Tenchi?"
	"Hmmm?" An eye opened, a brown eye full of warmth and caring. She flushed.
"Tenchi, why did you choose me?"
	He laughed. "Reliving the glory? Because. You are Ryoko, with no strings 
attached. You trusted
me, as Ayeka did not, and when I found myself reciprocating that trust, it 
then blossomed into something
more."
	Ayeka. Ayeka. oh, yes. A sudden idea popped into her head. Friend. Huh? 
Said the conscious
half of her mind. Friend, the unconscious side repeated firmly.
	A thought strayed into her mind. "How is Ayeka handling this?" Handling 
what?
	Tenchi frowned. "She's upset, of course, but certainly calm. All the same, 
I think it's much better
that we eloped."
	Ryoko found she was starting to recall experiences triggered by their 
conversation. By now she
had pretty much grasped the entire situation, except for one thing.
	Tenchi was speaking. "But we had probably best go back now. The others will 
be wondering if
we're alright, and Sasami promised she'd tell everyone several days ago."
	"Alright," Ryoko said, "we'll go."

Scenes blurred, flashed, stopped. Where am I now? She thought, but her 
memories came to her much faster
than before. She and Tenchi were standing in front of a crowd of people, and 
she was situated quietly by
his side. She looked at them, recalling their names carefully, picking out 
their faces from the group. The
small one, she is Sasami. And on her shoulder, Ryo-ohki. Ryo-ohki is 
important to me somehow, I think.
um. oh yes. Now I remember. And that is Washu. Wait a moment. Little Washu. 
That's right. And who
is that over there?
	Ayeka. Friend. Ayeka. Friend.
	We are friends because. we share a common goal, she decided, yes, that was 
the reason. It was a
bit fuzzy.
	Tenchi was speaking, mere explanations, but Ryoko wasn't listening. She was 
studying Ayeka-
Friend. The kimono, she recalled that clearly. And the dark purple pigtails, 
falling silkily down her back.
And the small, refined face, the ski-jump nose, the big, expressive eyes. A 
determined visage.
	Ayeka-Friend.
	She felt as if she were missing some important detail, something that would 
clarify what this
Juraian princess meant in the tapestry of her life.
	The crowd was gathering around them, full of congratulations. I have 
Tenchi, Ryoko thought, a
smile curving on her lips.
	A lone figure stood away from the crowd. Something compelled her to seek 
this figure out.
	Ayeka turned away. "Well, Ryoko," she said in a dull voice, "I suppose 
you're happy."
	"I suppose you would be too," Ryoko said cuttingly, acting the only way she 
knew how toward
this. Ayeka-Friend.
	"Just get away from me," Ayeka screamed, turning her back on the space 
pirate.
	They all came to her. Ayeka, it's all right. Ayeka, just because. Ayeka, I 
didn't mean.
	He didn't mean. Tenchi didn't mean.
	Ayeka-Friend.
	Ayeka-Rival.
	Oh yes. No she remembered. That was the missing detail.
	The shared a common goal. to get Tenchi.
	Well, she had won. Ryoko versus Ayeka. and Ryoko had come out on top. But 
Tenchi had
said, he didn't mean. He didn't mean to upset her? He didn't mean to hurt 
her?
	He didn't mean to choose Ryoko?

She confronted him about it, that night. "You went to her," she said. "You 
told her you didn't mean - and
then you stopped. Didn't mean what?"
	He shrugged. "Didn't mean to hurt her so. Ryoko - my love. But Ayeka - 
still my friend. Don't
read too much into it, Ryoko. It is nothing."
	Ryoko growled. "Just the same, if she comes between us, I will kill her."
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled. "You are not the murderer you pretended to be! 
Don't voice empty
threats!"
	"Empty threats! How dare she even attempt to take you away!"  She glared at 
him, then started to
cry. Ayeka-Friend. Ayeka-Rival. Ayeka-Friend. Ayeka-Rival. Her mind was so 
foggy. Ideas
collided, good memories of Ayeka, bad memories of Ayeka, Friend memories, 
Rival memories. Who is this
Ayeka? her brain screamed. Find out, it answered in kind.
	Tenchi was looking at her. "Ryoko, are you all right?"
	She got up and marched out of the room.

Ayeka lives in this room, I know that. She cracked the door open a smidge, 
and was relieved to find it
empty. Now she could snoop in peace. She slunk into the room and stared 
about. There was nothing of
interest; nothing to provide a link to what Ayeka meant to Ryoko, nothing to 
clear up the point of whether
she was Ayeka-Friend or Ayeka-Rival.
	Except an open book.
	A diary. How convenient. She floated over and flipped through the pages, 
reading bits here and
there, examining several less-than-flattering descriptions of herself, and 
growing angrier by the moment.
She reached the last the entry, dated for that day. She read:

I lost him. I suppose I should have known as soon as he and Ryoko just 
happened to disappear at the same
time. No, I should have known earlier than that. All I pursue flee. I 
suppose that is why I have come to my
decision. I will do it at the shrine, of course, where my blood can mingle 
with the stones at last two will
become one. Good-bye.

She dropped the book in shocked horror. Ayeka-Friend. She had to stop her. 
Out the door she catapulted
and towards the shrine, her heart pounding, her thoughts a muddle. She raced 
franticly up the stone steps,
her golden orbs trained on a dark silhouette only visible to her cat's eyes. 
She pounded up, screaming,
"Ayeka-Friend!" as loud as she could manage. There was no movement. Could 
she not have heard?
	Her mind was not sharp enough right now for teleporting. Her eyes began to 
make out shapes as
she drew closer, shapes that did not belong to the mass silhouette. She made 
out the shape of the knife as it
plunged into Ayeka-Friend's throat.
	Ryoko flung herself on top of the body and cried. Gently she removed the 
blade from the pale skin
and thrust it away.
	It's what you wanted, isn't it? part of her said cruelly to herself. 
Ayeka-Rival, not Friend. She is
dead, and you have Tenchi. What more could you want?
	"Ayeka-Friend," she whispered in answer, and fled the scene.

She didn't return until the next day; she entered her and Tenchi's room with 
her head low. He was there,
standing by the window. She expected his grief, his bewilderment, his 
sadness. She did not expect him to
say, "How could you?"
	Her head snapped up. "What?"
	He turned to face her, his brown eyes red from anger. "You said you'd kill 
her, and you did. Why
did I marry a ruthless killer?"
	"But Tenchi!" Ryoko gasped. "No! Ayeka was my friend!"
	He laughed bitterly. "Ryoko, Ryoko. Your fingerprints are all over the 
weapon." He turned away
from her. "If only I had chosen Ayeka."
	She hurled herself to the floor and sobbed.

The incessant ringing of the radio alarm clock woke her from her illusion. 
She remembered the main point
of the dream first as she struggled her way into consciousness; she had 
gotten Tenchi. She enjoyed that
part, until the rest of the dream flooded her mind, the memory of Ayeka's 
death, and how Tenchi had
rejected her.
	The alarm clicked off and the radio clicked on. A long, low note sounded, 
mirroring her mood and
signaling the end of the piece. "That," said the DJ, "was Pavane for a Dead 
Princess, by Mau -"
	A moment later the radio was only a pile of dust.


She practically fell into bed; it had been a long day. Long days were common 
in the Masaki household,
what with the fighting and longing and hoping that was constantly going on. 
She had stayed up later than
usual. Later than even Ryoko. Despite her fatigue, she couldn't sleep.
	But now Ayeka collapsed and dreamed.

She was not perturbed when she awoke in a completely unfamiliar room. As a 
Juraian princess, she was
used to sudden foreign situations. The pleasant sensation of being in a 
warm, clean little bed was normal
enough. What surprised her was that sleeping next to her was a familiar 
face, a peaceful face. Tenchi's
face.
	For a moment her mind went blank.
	She resisted the impulse to scream and leap with joy, quieted herself, and 
looked around
hopefully. She wasn't entirely sure what she was looking for until she saw 
it. A long, flowing white
wedding dress, accented in palest purple.
	Victory. Over. somebody. Hmmm. Desperately she tried to recall the details 
of the wedding. She
knew none. She tried to remember whom she had beaten. No haunting faces 
floated into her mind; none of
the right ones, anyway.
	One question surfaced: Why did Tenchi choose me? She didn't know that 
either. No matter, she
would simply ask him. "Tenchi," she whispered, waking him. "Why did you 
choose me?"
	He smiled, exhibiting an expression that made her want to laugh and cry and 
dance and live all at
one time. "I told you," he said quietly, "because you are Ayeka. You are 
gentle and sweet when you are not
fighting with Ryoko, and I was drawn to your good sweetness for love."
	Ryoko. The name seemed familiar, and yet. She searched. Her long years of 
involvement in
politics gave her only one answer: ally. Ally Ryoko. Wait, that couldn't be 
right. but it was all she knew
at the moment.
	Something occurred to her. "How is Ryoko handling. us?"
	Tenchi frowned a bit. "Relatively well, I believe. Not happy, but that's to 
be expected."
	Facts were starting to add up, make a point, tell a story. But she still 
didn't have a good picture of
what was going on.
	Tenchi was speaking. "I suppose we should go home now. Sasami promised to 
tell everyone we
eloped a few days ago, so everyone should be over the surprise by now." He 
smiled, and therefore Ayeka
smiled too.

Colors danced and flashed about her in tight military formation before 
settling on a single scene. She felt as
if she knew the group of people standing before her, with Tenchi at her 
side. She made a careful study of
their faces, counting off their names one by one, left to right. Certainly 
she recognized Sasami, her own
sister, and dear Ryo-ohki. And Washu. A crazy scientist, she remembered, but 
a genius. But who was that,
standing to one side?
	Her messy hair was a pretty shade of almost aqua blue, and her eyes were 
bright, shining gold;
cat's eyes. She wore a tight shirt, and her shorts gave new meaning to the 
word. But she looked
somehow. defeated.
	Oh yes. Ryoko. Ally Ryoko.
	Why were the allies? Because. because. they sought to gain the same from 
their lives. Yes, that
had to be the reason.
	But what was Ryoko in her life?
	The crowd surged around them, full of congratulations, but she felt 
compelled to seek Ally Ryoko
out. "What troubles you?" she said quietly, walking to Ryoko's side.
	"What troubles me?" Ryoko answered in a high-pitched voice. "What troubles 
me? Why must you
always bait me with your snobbery? Aren't you finally happy? Tenchi is 
yours, but don't think I went down
without a fight!"
	She was taken aback. Ryoko was her ally. Ryoko.
	Enemy Ryoko. Now she knew. That one fact she needed was in place. Ryoko was 
not her ally;
they both sought from life Tenchi! But she had won. Yet, what if she 
persuaded Tenchi to leave her?
	"Go away!" she screamed. "Just get out of her! Go ruin more peoples' 
lives!"
	Enemy Ryoko's face broke, but her voice was strong as she snapped, "Fine! 
I'll do that! Ryo-ohki,
come here!" Mere seconds later, she was gone in her spaceship.
	Ayeka was surrounded by pandemonium.

Tenchi paced up and down their room in agitation. "What did you say to her?" 
he forced out, anger seeping
into his voice.
	"I.I." Ayeka stuttered, frightened.
	"Tell me."
	"I. I told her to go away."
	"You what?" He started and stared at her.
	"I. I thought she would try to take you away from me. I thought."
	"You didn't think at all! If you had, you would have known that I would 
never do that! Ryoko is
just a friend! But," he said, calmer now, "she is still me friend. And now. 
she's. gone."
	Ayeka didn't know what else to do. She broke down in sobs. Memories flitted 
unbidden through
her mind. Enemy Ryoko trying to take Tenchi away. then Ally Ryoko helping 
her find him. Enemy
Ryoko. Ally Ryoko. Tenchi held her and rocked her back and forth. "It's all 
right," he murmured,
holding her.
	Ryoko wanted him.
	Enemy Ryoko.
	She got up and went to the desk; got out some stiff cräme-colored paper and 
a pen. She wrote:

Dear Nagi,
It is my understanding that you have been hunting Ryoko for quite some time. 
I just thought you might
been interested to know that she left in her ship, which transforms from the 
cabbit Ryo-ohki, if that us any
help, just today, from the Masaki home, in Japan, on planet Earth. If any of 
that information can help you
track her down, good. And if you happen to shoot her down, even better.
Sincerely,
Your Big Help.

She felt better now, and went to bed.

But in the morning she regretted it, and quickly crumpled the letter. Enemy 
Ryoko or not, she knew she
would never forgive herself if Nagi shot Ryoko down because of her. Like it 
or not, she was Ally Ryoko,
who couldn't have Tenchi but could still yet return home as one of his 
closest of friends. She wrote a new
letter.

Dear Ryoko,
It was only pride and fear that made me suggest you leave, which I am 
confident that you understand. I
realize that it was a terrible mistake, and my own. This apology is my own, 
as well, for Tenchi has no hand
in this letter, and did not ask me to write it. It is my hope you will 
return to the Masaki household, as my
friend and ally.
Love and good wishes,
Ayeka.

She sealed this in an envelope and mailed it that very day.

It was a week later when she awoke to the blasting of the TV set. It was the 
news; she made a face - what a
boring channel. She got up and stretched. Maybe today Ryoko would return.
	Tenchi had his back to her, and his face was to the window, but she could 
tell he was upset about
something. "Tenchi?" she said softly. "Is something wrong?"
	The news announcer broke in for him. "And in other news, famed space pirate 
was finally shot
down by Nagi and killed in a spaceship crash. Plans for a ceremony in Nagi's 
honor are underway, and the
galaxy is deeply grateful."
	Tenchi switched the TV off. "I saw what was in your letter," he said. 
"Thanks to you, she left, and
that wasn't enough for you, was it? You had to make sure she was not just 
gone, but dead. The point of no
return."
	Ayeka gasped. "Tenchi! No! I tossed that letter out; I wrote a new one, 
begging Ryoko to return
home!"
	"No." He shook his head. "Nagi did not kill Ryoko. You did. Why did I marry 
a traitor?" He
stared out the window. "If only I had chosen Ryoko."
	She cried.


She knew that in the dream she had gotten Tenchi. That much pleased her, and 
she smiled as she slowly
awoke. But then the rest of the dream rushed at her in her most vulnerable 
state, and she raised her hands to
protect herself as if the physical movement would prevent the pain.
	Ryoko had died, and Tenchi had blamed her, had rejected her. What could 
possibly be worse?
This wasn't how it was supposed to end at all. It wasn't how events had 
transpire in her lavish daydreams.
Something had to be wrong.
	She jumped up and rushed into the hall, colliding with another, taller 
figure. She looked up.
"Ryoko!"
	Gold eyes went wide. "Ayeka?"
	"Ryoko, I."
	"Ayeka, I."
	They looked at each other a moment. Then.
	"Hmph!" each sniffed simultaneously, and returned the rooms.

