The Origin of Washu

Prologue

The world was in utter chaos. Thousands of volcanoes erupted, and the very
earth moved with enough power to topple every man made structure across the
globe; as well as the  tallest, most ancient of mountains.  The winds blew
across the surface with the speed and fury of ten-thousand hurricanes. Every
living creature searched for some sort of shelter, but there was none. Most
animals and humans alike fell through cracks of continuously shifting earth,
thus being crushed to death instantly, painlessly, and mercifully.

Others drowned as the polar ice caps instantaneously melted and gargantuan
tidal waves smashed against each and every coast in the world, engulfing
entire islands with every powerful wave.  Still, others were thrown around
as if they were rag dolls, by the  powerful winds of nature.  The oldest,
most rooted of trees were toppled and blown away by the winds with the force
of God's hand.

Everyone was scared, and they had reason, for the Apocalypse had finally
come.  Doomsday; the end of the world was close at hand.  The sky shone red
against a blazing orange sun, which itself, seemed ready to explode with
enough power to tear the very fabric of space.

All seemed hopeless; there was no means for salvation and the whole human
race was ready to be damned by all of their past sins.  Many, if not all who
still clung to life bent down to their knees and prayed.  They prayed for
their forgiveness and waited for a savior who would never come.

In the end, the world tore into billions of pieces and became an endless
shower of meteorites in the infinite vacuum of space.

An unmeasurable amount of time later, for their were none left to record
time, the sun began its own march towards doom.  It's solar Flares began to
increase in intensity and heat.  And most of its hydrogen store were almost
exhausted.  With not enough fuel to feed the star's hungry exterior, it
began to burnout its core substance.

Slowly, the star began to expand, not having enough mass and density to hold
itself together. Hungrily, the star disintegrates everything around it,
within the radius of trillions of miles.

When its energies are almost completely exhausted and there is nothing left
to feed on, the star escapes back into itself, for the preparation of one
last climactic explosion. Which sends ripples across the entire universe.
Growing in intensity and size, the farther it gets from its source.

Until finally, the ripples become awesome waves of pure energy, which
destroys everything in its path, including other stars.  at last, the sun's
energies become spent and somehow, it has used more mass and energy than it
had, so its very matter begins to draw in other matter in the hopes of
balancing itself out again.

But like a Phoenix born in the flames of death, another sparkle of life
begins to take shape. She isn't a physical being, for she was born in space,
but a creature of pure energy, and thought.  Her very essence sparkles with
the brilliance of a long dead sun, mixed with the life-force of all those
who died on the blue-green planet called Ix.

The newly-born being rises form the ashes of the scorched world and springs
forth into space, her destination unknown.  Searching for a purpose, and in
need of guidance.  But all she found was nothingness.

She was alone and afraid.  Like an infant in search of her mother, she did
the only thing she knew to do.  She cried.  With the power of pure thought,
she cried out, *Is anybody out there!*

And somewhere in a distance beyond human imagination, Lady Tokimi smiled.
Her sister was born...

-to be continued.

I really don't know where I'm going with this but an idea about Washu's
origin suddenly popped into my head. The only problem now is writing it
down.
As always C&C would be greatly appreciated.

-Orlando
