The Lesser Pain
By VoidStar (Tabris@ibm.net)

        Washu yawned loudly. It was far too early
in the morning for her tastes. If there was one
thing she resented about her immature physique, it
was its lack of physical endurance. She had worked
until midnight for three weeks straight, and the
wear was beginning to show on her young face. If
Sasami hadn't made a habit of waking up to make
sure Washu went to bed every night, the diminutive
scientist might not have slept at all in that
time. Washu had tried sealing her lab with every
ward and barrier she could come up with, but that
damnable-damnable, yet fascinating-link with
Tsunami made it all too simple for Sasmi to break
them down and slip in uninvited.

        As she headed for the portal which
connected her transdimensional laboratory to the
more mundane portions of the Masaki household,
Washu wondered vaguely why she'd abandoned her
deeply ingrained habit of sleepin in. She hated
getting up at six in the morning, yet lately she
had been forcing herself to. It wasn't as if she
had any really pressing matters to attend to, just
little things she could do at her leisure. There
was no good reason to be up at this ungodly hour.
Yet for a reason Washu could not fathom, something
was gnawing at the back of her mind, some problem
she felt she should work on but could not quite
bring her mind to grasp.

        Washu flung open the door, and a thick,
dirty haze of smoke began drifting in, followed by
muffled screams, curses, and the sharp smell of
burning wood. It suddenly occurred to her how wise
it had been to set up her own place, separate from
the rest of the house.

        A bolt of raw energy tore through the
smoke in front of Washu, its intended target
somewhere down the hall. Washu scowled angrily and
the bolt stopped, inches from detonating. The
signature was unmistakably Ryoko's, meaning Aeka
was more than likely the target. With a wave of
her hand, Washu snuffed the beam and mended the
considerable damage inflicted on the Masaki
household. She shut the door with less than a
thought. "That one seemed serious.", she
speculated to no one in particular, tapping her
chin thoughtfully. "Maybe the game's almost over."
She grinned. "And I think I know the victor."

        "I assume you are not referring to
yourself, but you little....creation.", said an
unidentified voice behind her. It was a soft,
almost whispered woman's voice, but "soft" and
"kind" are two very different adjectives. The
voice was cold, impersonal, analytical. It was the
voice of one who had voluntarily sacrificed all
emotion.

        Washu whirled about and saw a pale woman
with black eyes that were deep purple where
others' eyes were white. A crown of gold sat on
her head over her light brown hair. She was
dressed in an ornate cloak thay completely covered
her body except for a more than generous amount of
cleavage and gave her the appearance of hovering
when she walked towards Washu, moving with
ethereal grace. "And you are....?", Washu
prompted, arching an eyebrow.

        Lady Tokimi smirked. "You may have fooled
your mortal friends and even Tsunami with your
amnesia act, but do not try your little games on
me, sister.", she ordered. "You are Washu, middle
goddess of the Trilogy. Shed that disguise that we
may speak as sisters once more."

        Washu sighed reluctantly but obeyed,
shifting into her adult form. "You caught me.",
she said peevishly. "So what do you want, Tokimi?"

        "I was monitoring....'the game', as you
put it.", Tokimi said matter-of-factly. "I have
been watching this house with some interest, and I
have paid special attention to the contest between
the Jurai Princess and your child. So, you are
sure Ryoko will win?"

        Washu snorted derisively. "Of course!",
she snapped. "What advantage could Aeka possibly
have?"

        Tokimi raised her eyebrows. "For all your
intellect, sister, your methods of thinking are
painfully slow.", she commented. Washu scowled,
opened her mouth, but Tokimi swept on. "You've
missed the point entirely. Perhaps I should
clarify. Are you sure Ryoko wants to win?"

        Washu laughed. "This is absolute
nonsense!", she proclaimed. "If you're talking
about the battle over Tenchi, of course Ryoko
wants to win!"

        Tokimi gazed at her sister levelly.
Occasionally, the eldest goddess of the Trilogy
wished she could see what made her younger
siblings such stupid fools, and she was having
such a moment now. "How do you know?", she asked.

        Washu crossed her arms over her chest and
turned her chin up proudly. "I sense every emotion
she has. We're linked, remember?"

        "I remember. But I think you put more
stock in that link than it really deserves.",
Tokimi remarked.

        "How so?", Washu asked, genuinely
interested for the first time. If Tokimi was
challenging the accuracy of her work, Washu would
take the greatest pleasure in grinding her older
sister's allegations into the dust.

        "When was the last time you used the link
for anything more than surface thoughts and
feelings?", Tokimi inquired. "When the last time
you accessed Ryoko's subconscious, looked at what
she really thought or felt?"

        Washu just barely suppressed a gasp.
"Never....", she whispered.

        "Precisely.", Tokimi said. "You believe
that since Ryoko is your creation, you
automatically known everything there is to know
about her." Washu grinned a wide, proud grin. "You
couldn't be more wrong.", Tokimi noted, wiping the
grin off her sister's face. "It is never that
simple with sentient beings, even mortal ones.
Never assume you know everything about a sentient
being, my sister. Even the lowest of them are
complex."

        "So what are you saying?", Washu asked
irritably. "I'm busy, and I'd appreciate it if
you'd cut to the chase."

        "It's quite simple.", Tokimi stated.
"Tenchi muyo."

        "Tenchi muyo?", Washu echoed. "I'm afraid
I don't follow, sis."

        "I'm saying that Ryoko is in love.",
Tokimi replied patiently. "But I don't think you
know who she's in love with."

        Washu glared sharply at Tokimi. "Are you
saying Ryoko doesn't love Tenchi?", she sneered.
"That's preposterous. I don't need to look into
her subconscious to know she loves Tenchi."

        Tokimi shook her head slowly. "You're far
too certain, sister. That's a weakness. Too much
certainty locks you into a fixed pattern of
reality from which you can never break. It limits
your capacity to learn by preventing you from
accepting something you took for truth as being
actually falsehood.", she lectured. "Since I'm
tired of your inability to grasp this, I will
spell it out. Ryoko's 'love' for Tenchi is a
complete contrivance, a psychological defense.
It's a state of denial which has fooled everyone,
even you, even her, into believing she loves
Tenchi. But deep within, Ryoko knows-albeit
subconsciously-who she really wants."

        "Who?", Washu asked, too astounded by
Tokimi's theory to challenge it.

        Tokimi extended a hand from beneath her
cloak, cupping her fingers. A holographic image
began to focus over her palm, and on its
completion, Washu gasped.

        "That's impossible!", Washu exclaimed.

        Tokimi smiled coldly, her eyes flashing
with dark triumph. "That", she stated, "is what I
do."

        An image of Princess Aeka hovered over
Tokimi's palm. "I don't believe it!", Washu
insisted. "Ryoko isn't....isn't....you know!"

        "She is. And what is more, the feeling is
mutual.", Tokimi announced. "They're far more
alike than either would care to admit. It's only a
matter of time before they can no longer hold back
their desire. It may take quite a while, but Ryoko
is a demigod and Aeka is Jurai. They have time to
spare."

        "You don't have any proof!", Washu gasped,
clutching at her chest. The room had been spinning
about her since Tokimi had revealed Ryoko's true
love, but upon the revelation of Aeka's feelings,
she had felt her lungs start to fail. "There's no
real evidence for this!"

        Tokimi's arctic smile widened, revealing a
little streak of gleaming ivory. Washu was truly
frightened now. She could never recall a time when
her nearly emotionless sibling had smiled so much.
"What sort of fool do you think me", Tokimi began,
a glimmer of evil amusement in her voice, "that I
wouldn't have proof to back up my arguments?"

        Washu slapped a hand to her forehead. "I
should have known better.", she groaned.

        Tokimi spread her arms, and a large sphere
of red light appeared above her. "Behold, my
sister!", she cried, pointing her right forefinger
at the globe. An image formed within: the shrine
of Kagato's ship Soja, at the moment when Kagato
had disrupted Ryoko's possession of one of the
support columns. The image was static at first,
but at a gesture from Tokimi it began to move,
replaying the battle. Rubble from the shattered
column fell to the ground, and Aeka was unable to
move, unable to save herself. But Ryoko broke from
her duel with Kagato and teleported Aeka to
safety. The replay stopped and the image faded.
"Imagine, Ryoko risking her life to save such a
hated foe. If Ryoko had been acting at all in
character, she would have allowed Aeka to die.
Indeed, she would've allowed her to die far
sooner: as you yourself said, Ryoko had been
holding back that entire battle. And why? To
protect Aeka from harm.

        "But other elements of the Kagato incident
are worth scrutiny as well.", Tokimi continued.
"Tenchi's death enraged both Ryoko and Aeka, and
with good reason. Without Tenchi, they had no way
to justify their denial. Their emotional barriers
were torn down, and they had to find a way to
rebuild them. But as long as Tenchi was dead, they
had no way of concealing their true emotions,
which explains quite clearly how they were able to
suddenly work together so well but not with
Mihoshi, who was quickly separated from them."

        Washu had always prided herself on having
a swift, calculating mind, but it seemd an
eternity came and went before she could process
Tokimi's arguments. Once she did, however, Washu
could only down one logical conclusion: they were
inerrably accurate. Ryoko and Aeka loved each
other. But still, the very concept seemed so wild,
so utterly impossible that Washu just couldn't
being herself to believe it fully.

        "Aaah, but you must, my sister.", Tokimi
chided. That shocked Washu to her core, almost as
deeply as the revelation her sister had brought.
Tokimi had scanned her thoughts? How was that
possible?! "I realize that this is a shock to you.
Indeed, that was one of my main reasons for
revealing it to you. Would you like to see more
evidence? Perhaps that would ease your
acceptance."

        "No more.", Washu rasped. "This is
impossible. Don't try to prove something
impossible to me, Tokimi, it doesn't work."

        "Your protests are as weak as Ryoko's grip
on heterosexuality.", Tokimi countered. Washu
choked on her breath, had her sister really just
tried to make a joke? "Mark me, Washu. Within the
day I will have broken both!"

        In less than an instant, Washu found
herself whisked off by Tokimi's power to the roof
of the house. "We are invisible, inaudible,
intangible, and our energy signatrues are
cloaked.", Tokimi informed Washu. "Just in case
you had any ideas about alterting your roommates
to my presence. Now look.", the goddess commanded,
indicating the front yard. Aeka and Ryoko had
apparently been convinced to take it outside, but
the violence hadn't calmed itself in the least.
Aeka wore her battlesuit and had the hilt of the
sword Tenchi gripped tightly in her right hand.
Ryoko wore a combat suit as well and had a beam
sword in her fists. Both were glowering at each
other with such rage that Washu could see sparks
leaping between their eyes. Closer to the house,
almost unnoticeable due to the scenery-chewing
staredown between the princess and the space
pirate, stood Tenchi and the other tenants of the
Masaki household, wisely choosing to stay out of
this conflict.

        "Doesn't look like love to me!", Washu
observed with an odd sort of gleeful skepticism.

        Tokimi cast an intimidating glower at
Washu, managing to wipe the smile off her sister's
face for the third time that day. "It's called
sexual aggression, Washu.", she said sardonically.
"Watch them. I don't think they'll do much long
range combat."

        Aeka activated the blade on the Master
Key, and Ryoko shot a few meters into the air,
firing a spray of force bolts which were quickly
deflected by a series of swift parries from the
First Princess of Jurai. Washu's smug grin
returned at Ryoko's use of her long-range powers,
but was gone in seconds as Aeka flew into the air,
locking blades with her foe. "Nani?!?!", Washu
screamed. "She was wide open!! Why didn't Ryoko
blast her then?!!"

        "Because Ryoko's subconscious will not
allow her to do anything which might cause Aeka
lasting harm.", Tokimi replied. "And neither will
Aeka's allow Ryoko to be hurt. She could've drawn
enough energy through the Master Key to kill Ryoko
a single strike if she'd wanted to, but she
chooses the slow way, the way she knows must
result in a tie."

        Washu was horrified. Ryoko was fighting
extremely sloppily, passing up opportunities that
her beyond-human speed and reflexes could've
easily exploited. The middle goddess then began to
notice something far more disturbing: Aeka was
straining less and less. At the opening of the
battle, when the two had first crossed blades,
Aeka had been hard pressed to parry Ryoko's blows.
But as Washu looked on, the Jurai princess seemed
to become more and more effective. Aeka was
nowhere near as skilled in sword combat as Ryoko,
which could only mean one thing.

        A shudder shook Washu as the absolute
truth of Tokimi's claim finally impressed itself
on her mind. Ryoko was intentionally going easy on
Aeka to avoid injuring her seriously. She had
lowered herself, subconsciously or otherwise, to
Aeka's level. "Ryoko....", Washu whispered. "Why
didn't you tell me?"

        "She can't." Tokimi smiled with
satisfaction, watching the futile duel rage on. "I
have broken through your protests, sister.",
Tokimi noted. "Now but one task remains to me.
Unless you have a compelling reason for allowing
them to waste their energy on this pointless
battle."

        The Second Goddess swung her head from
side to side slowly. "Do as you will.", she
muttered bitterly.

        Tokimi turned to the field of combat and
pointed, red sparks dancing over her fingers.
Ryoko and Aeka canished in a crimson flash. A thin
line of red as tall as Tokimi slashed the air
behind the goddess and spread-actually, the line
seemed to rotate somehow-into a circular portal.
"Come, sister.", the elder sister of the Trilogy
said softly, but only a fool would've taken it for
anything but a direct order. Saying nothing
further, she turned about and glided into the
gateway.

        Washu slouched in after her sibling,
staring dejectedly at her feet. This had promised
to be such a good day, too. She might've been able
to figure out what had been preying on her mind
for the past few days. "One of your little pocket
dimensions?" Tokimi's realm in the nether-regions
of the space-time continuum was crisscrossed by a
network of mini-dimensions the goddess herself had
created, to aid her followers and for certain
other purposes as well.

        Tokimi nodded. "Indeed. This one is quite
malleable and will serve my purposes very well.",
she explained. "Now stop sulking. You will not
play the child with me." As Washu put her
attention to where Tokimi pointed, she saw an
image of a corridor appear before her, a plain
gray stone hallway surrounded by swirling mist.
The rest of the dimension was perfect, unbroken
blackness, but Washu felt a strong sensation of
eyes watching from that void. She rubbed her arms
involuntarily; her reasons for hiding from Tokimi
were hammering home harder then when she'd
actually made the decision. "Now watch, my sister,
and learn." Ryoko appeared at one end.

 

        Ryoko was plucked out of the cold,
impenetrable darkness and thrust into a corridor
of smooth, dark gray stone. Instantly she summoned
a beamsword into each hand, her mind racing. One
minute she had been fighting the Jurai bitch as
usual, and then without the slightest of warnings
something had wrenched her into that void. She
shuddered at the mere memory; in comparison, this
place was a relief from that cold abyss.

        She ran over the possibilities in her
mind. Not many beings she was familiar with had
the power to do this, and an even smaller number
would ever actually have a motive for it. Only one
would, actually. "Dammit, Washu!", she swore under
breath. "What are you up to this time?!" With the
greatest caution, the space pirate stalked down
the corridor for what her personal sense of time
told her were hours, but time didn't have much
meaning in....wherever she was. The hallway
twisted and turned too many times for her to
count, but never seemed to branch off as far she
could see.

        As Ryoko walked, she began to contemplate
what she was going to do to Washu once she got out
of this situation. But as she reached the verge of
deciding between trashing the lab herself or
simply tossing Ryo-Ohki in after a carrot, the
corridor reached a dead end. Ryoko stamped her
foot irritably, sending cracks racing through the
floor of the hall. "Washu!!", she screamed,
putting more venom into it than any curse she'd
uttered in her life. "Only you would subject me to
something so pointless!!"

                 Washu sighed, cradling her head
against a palm. "Really, Tokimi, what is the
point?", she asked in exasperation. "Why go to all
of this trouble just to piss Ryoko off."

        Tokimi smirked. "I enjoy it.", she said
simply, but her smile was gone in a flash after
that. Washu arched an eyebrow; that smile was like
something Tokimi pulled out from somewhere and
then just put away again when she was done with
it. "But you know very well there is a deeper
purpose for this."

 

        Ryoko, meanwhile, was busy carving a
veritable spiderweb of cracks in the stone wall,
every hammering fist blow accompanied by a caustic
oath against Washu. And the one blow took her fist
clean through the wall of what she had supposed
was solid stone, thrusting her in up to the
shoulder. Ryoko peer into the hold she had made,
but not even her eyes could pick out anything. Her
ears, however, heard an extremely faint sound.
Straining, Ryoko could just barely make it out.
"Tasuke te....", the voice groaned weakly. The
space pirate gasped. It was Aeka.

        Ryoko drew back, staring at the damaged
wall uncertainly. What to do in this situation?
She tapped her chin thoughtfully. Aeka sounded
weak, hurt; she might die if left behind. Leaving
the princess to her fate would eliminate her
biggest competition, but it would also probably
make Tenchi furious if he ever found out. Bringing
her back, on the other hand, would score her major
points with Tenchi. And considering how weak she
sounded, she might die whatever happened. In that
case, she could put on a "distressed" act. Tenchi
would take pity on her, and....She slapped a fist
against her palm in determination. "All right!",
she said aloud. "Coming, Princess!" Her beam
swords flashed back into her hands, and she carved
an X through the "dead end" with them, shattering
it into rubble with a swift kick.

        The instant she entered, light flared
through the room, blinding Ryoko momentarily. When
the spots faded, another gasp escaped her.
Actually, the sound she made was closer to a
tortured groan. A huge stone cross stood in the
center of the room, and the First Princess of
Jurai was hung from it, eyes closed and head
moving weakly. Fevered sweat slicked Aeka's body,
shone in her purple hair, which hung in complete
disarray. The princess's robes were nothing more
than a few tatters, and her smooth skin was
covered in so many gashes Ryoko could not count
them. The blood that stained her flesh was mostly
dried, but a fresh stream of crimson continued to
flow from the wounds on her wrists and ankles.
Where the nails held her to the cross.

        As a space pirate, Ryoko was no stranger
to violence. Death was an integral part of her
occupation. Bred as a warrior, she had always
believed there was no amount of carnage, no amount
of gore, no battlefield atrocity, that could
affect her. She had always thought herself far too
tough to let bloodshed make her squeamish. But in
that room, Ryoko found a sight she simply could
not face. She buried her head in her hands and
fell to her knees. "Oh, God, Aeka.... I'm
sorry....", she moaned.

 

        "Damn you, Tokimi, what are you doing?!",
Washu demanded for the fifth time since the
contents of the chamber had been unveiled. "You
think by torturing Ryoko you can get her to
confess?!!" Energy crackled over the Second
Goddess's fingers, and her voice dropped to a
hiss. "Put a stop to it. Now."

        Tokimi's eyes flashed coldly, and Washu
took an involuntary step away. "I have only begun,
I assure you.", she said, and if her eyes were
cold, her voice was arctic. "Now cease your
ordinance, before I decide to punish you like the
child you pretend to be."

 

        "What's with you, Ryoko?"

        The space pirate was on her feet in a
flashed, whirling to face the new voice.
"Tenchi?", she asked suspiciously. Had she ever
felt suspicious of Tenchi before? "What're you
doing here?"

        Tenchi shrugged. "I saw you and Aeka
disappear, then I was taken a few moments later.",
he explained. "I was thrown into this hallway, so
I turned on my battlesuit and followed the hall
until I got here."

        "Well, the corridor is twisted enough for
me not to have noticed you, I guess.", Ryoko
supposed. "But how could you've activated your
suit without me sensing it?"

        "Did you use a beam sword to cut the
wall?", Tenchi asked. Ryoko nodded. "Well, I
didn't sense that. I think this place must dampen
energy signatures-"

        "It doesn't matter!", Ryoko cut him off,
startled at the vehemence in her own voice.
"Aeka's dying, Tenchi! We need to get her out of
here!"

        Tenchi gave the cross a passing glance and
shrugged again. "There's nothing we can do.", he
decided, and turned around. "Let's go, Ryoko. We
need to find a way out of this place."

        Ryoko took an unsteady step forward,
trying hard to ignore Aeka's weak moans for help.
"Yes, w-we should try and find a way-", she began.
She fell on her knees again, clutching at her
head. "I can't.", she sobbed. "I can't leave her
behind!!"

        Tenchi sighed impatiently. "She's as good
as dead, Ryoko.", he said without so much as
glancing over his shoulder, sounding annoyed. A
surprising emotion gripped Ryoko at that moment:
pure, cold fury. One of his best friends, who
loved him more than her own life, was dying before
his eyes, and he was annoyed that Ryoko wanted to
save her! "Now hurry up."

        Energy began to thrum through Ryoko's body
as she raised her right hand, clenching the
fingers into a tight fist. The power within her
focused, like an ever-growing sphere of warmth
around her hand. Electromagnetic fire burned
around her fingers, but an instant before the bolt
was let fly at its target, memories rose on their
own accord within the mind of the demigod. Tenchi
as a small child, sobbing over the death of his
mother, and she had been unable to truly comfory
him. All she could do was brush his hair with her
phantasmal fingers. Tenchi, even younger, camping
out before her cave. And as a baby, reaching
towards her ghostly form that only an infant could
ever see. She had been with him his whole life, in
the spirit and in the flesh. The icy rage in her
eyes melted, the energy around her hand flickered
and weakened. Tears poured from Ryoko's eyes.
"No!", she wept. "Don't make me remember!! He
wants to....He'll leave her...."

        Tenchi sighed irritably. "Whatever.", he
muttered. "See you later, Ryoko. I'm going to get
out of here. Feel free to join me when you've got
things sorted out."

        The ice in Ryoko's eyes hardened. "Damn
you, Tenchi.", she whispered. "DAMN YOU!!!!" The
energy surged up through her again, raging from
her closed fist. The air itself seemed to crackle
as that bolt, which carried the force to raze a
house, seared from Ryoko's hand and blasted
through the Juraian warrior. Tenchi didn't even
have time to scream as he was consumed, leaving
less than ashes behind.

 

        "You....you forced her to.....", Washu
whispered. The image of Ryoko's blast still danced
across her eyes, a purple streak on her vision.
She tried her best to accept what she had seen,
found it impossible. It had ben an illusion-Washu
had known that from the start-but Ryoko couldn't
have known that the Tenchi she had killed was a
fake. She truly believed Tenchi to be dead.

        "I forced her to choose the lesser pain.",
Tokimi declared. "Despite her proclivity for
denial, Ryoko has a strong mind. I was beginning
to suspect she'd leave Aeka just to maintain her
charade."

        Washu's head whipped in Tokimi's
direction. "You mean you didn't know that this
would work?!", she demanded.

        "Of course not.", Tokimi said, sounding
slightly irritated, as though the answer should've
been obvious. "Did I not tell you? Certainty is
dangerous. In this case, my design was successful,
but it could have failed."

        "What would you have done then?", Washu
inquired, blinking a few times.

        "Formed a new plan.", Tokimi said simply.
"Now watch. Let us see if this comes to full
fruition."

 

        Ryoko approached the stone cross slowly.
With a gentleness uncharacteristic of her, she
brushed her fingers across each of the stakes
pinning Aeka, sending a minute pulse of energy
through each to destroy it without hurting the
princess. Aeka's body fell limply into Ryoko's
arms. "R...Ryoko-san....", Aeka whispered through
cracked lips.

        "Don't speak.", Ryoko said softly. "I'm
getting us out of here. Washu is going to pay for
doing this to you."

        "Tenchi-sama....", Aeka moaned.

        Blinking back tears which stung
tenaciously at her eyes, Ryoko said, "He's dead,
Aeka. I killed him. He was going to leave you
here." She looked away, expecting Aeka to scream,
to curse her for the monster she was. She had
killed Aeka's one and only love. Her own love. But
he wanted to leave her!, she screamed inwardly. He
would have let her die here....alone....

        "Ryoko-san, look at me.", Aeka ordered,
still clinging to a sliver of her aura of command.
Ryoko obeyed and could not suppress a gasp at what
she saw: the First Princess's lips were curved
into a smile. "You came for me. You didn't leave
me behind. Ryoko-san, you are more suited to be my
protector than Tenchi was." She cradled her head
against Ryoko's breast. "Take me from this place,
Ryoko-sama."

        Ryoko nodded. "Let's go home.", she said
wearily.

 

        Tokimi snapped her fingers, and the image
pulsed briefly. Aeka's body was bathed in a soft
red glow.

 

        Ryoko watched with wide eyes as the
inexplicable field of red light-nothing like
Washu's energy-shone around Aeka for a moment.
When it faded away, Aeka's wounds had faded too.
Her tattered robe was whole, and the haze of pain
that had clouded her eyes vanished. "Aeka!", she
gasped. The First Princess's dinner-plate sized
eyes darted all over her body, peering at her
arms, her torso over her shoulders. Finally, she
looked back to Ryoko.

        "Ryoko-sama, I'm....I'm....", Aeka
stammered. She hugged herself tighter to Ryoko,
tears streaming down her cheeks. "I don't care. I
don't care how it happened. All that matters is
that I'm all right." She eased herself out of
Ryoko's arms and began walking down the corridor,
but midway through her first step a thought struck
her. Aeka snapped her fingers, turning to face her
savior. "I almost forgot, Ryoko-sama!", she
exclaimed. "I almost forgot your reward. A rescue
so valiant certainly deserves one."

        At this point, any hero (or heroine, in
this case) worthy of the title would've insisted
that a reward for their undertaking was completely
unnecessary, that they'd simply "done what they
had to do". But Ryoko was no heroine. "What kind
of reward are we talking about, Aeka-hime?", she
asked slyly.

        Irritation flitted briefly across Aeka's
face before it was replaced with a crooked grin to
match Ryoko's. "Why, this, of course.", she said
wryly, placing her hands on the pirate's shoulders
and shoving her back to the wall. Ryoko's mouth
opened at just the right time to be utterly
silenced by Aeka's kiss. The princess pulled back
after a long moment and whispered in a sultry
voice, "I know it's not the kind of reward you
normally look for, but-"

        Aeka's sentence was cut short as Ryoko
regained her senses, drawing Yosho's former
fiancee tightly into her arms and giving her a
kiss that sent the princess's brain spinning. At
almost the exact moment, a portal appeared in the
wall beside them, but the two wouldn't have
noticed it for anything short of an atomic blast
heralding its arrival. And even that would've had
a slim chance of distracting them.

 

        Washu scowled darkly at Tokimi. "You
weren't going to open the portal until they kissed
were you?!", she demanded. "You would've kept them
trapped until they gave in!!"

        "As I see it, I have done you a service.",
Tokimi pointed out. "I have cured your 'child' of
one of her most profound weaknesses, as well as
largely eliminated the chaos that plagues your
mortal residence." Tokimi turned around and waved
her hand dismissively at Washu. "My business with
you is concluded, sister. You may return home."

        "Yes, but...but...", Washu stuttered. "But
why?!!"

        Tokimi looked over her shoulder, that cold
smile quirking her lips. "Didn't I explain it to
your satisfaction earlier?", she asked.

        "You haven't explained ANYTHING!!!", Washu
screamed, waving her arms wildly.

        Tokimi chuckled, a soft sound compared to
Washu's shriek. But that tiny, near inaudible
sound struck the Second Goddess absolutely
speechless. Tokimi never laughed! "Exactly.", she
said, fading into the shadows.

        Washu slumped back and found herself in
one of the chairs of her lab. "I'm....back?", she
asked herself, shaking her head rapidly. "What the
hell was that, anyway?" Something odd was
definitely going on in her-the scientist gave a
start. "It's gone.", she whispered. Her voice rose
to a gleeful cry. "It's gone!!" The sensation of
the problem she had to solve, waiting in the back
of her head, had vanished. Washu froze. "That was
it?!!", she demanded. "Hmmm. Well, maybe the
link's worth a tad more than Tokimi said after
all...." She grinned, rubbing her hands together
eagerly. Of course, now there're a lot of new
things for me to work on!! Maybe they'll want
children....now that would be an achievement!!!
Washu teleported to her computer and began making
her plans.

 

        Aeka and Ryoko, meanwhile, stood before
the portal, hands clasped. "He's alive, you
know.", Aeka said quietly. "Tenchi. I can feel his
power on the other side. What you killed must have
been an illusion."

        "Illusion....", Ryoko echoed. "Aeka,
I...."

        "Don't say it, Ryoko-sama.", Aeka said
mournfully. "I know you love him. I promise....
not to get in the way." She smiled a sad smile at
Ryoko, her eyes brimming with fresh tears. "I wish
you happiness, Ryoko-sama."

        Ryoko smiled back, but hers was
considerably less melancholy. She folded her arms
over her breast and shook her head slowly. "Well,
well, well. You really don't think much of me, do
you, Aeka-hime?", she asked in a dry voice. "Do
you know that was exactly what I was going to say
to you? I'm telling you, Princess, when you and me
get into denial, we hold on to the bitter end."
She grasped Aeka's shoulders. "What do I have to
do to convince you, rip your clothes off right
here?! I want you, Aeka, not him! I love you!"

        Aeka's jaws worked uselessly for a few
moments, but she finally managed to squeeze out,
"Why don't you wait until we get home,
Ryoko-sama?"

        A raucous laugh burst out of Ryoko. "I'll
give it a shot, lover, but you ask a great deal.",
she declared, taking Aeka's hand. "Now come on,
you have to say it too."

        Aeka giggled girlishly, rubbing up against
Ryoko's side. "I love you, Ryoko-sama.", she said
lightly. "You know, my father won't be happy about
this."

        "And I care because....?", Ryoko asked
confidently. "Your father can go screw Lady Tokimi
for all I care."

        "You know what, Ryoko-sama?", Aeka asked
as the two stepped through the gate.

        "What?"

        "You took the words right out of my mouth.

        Conveniently, the portal sent them to
Aeka's bedroom.

The End



A VoidStar Production, April 9 1998

Like a window reflecting time, I'm living on a
planet of my own design