Tenchi Muyo:  Pale Horse, Pale Rider:  Anguish  
Vol. 1:  Book 2:  Chapter 4
Date:  6/1/98
By:  J.Bond

Disclaimer:  I DO NOT OWN THESE CHARACTERS, THEY BELONG TO
AIC/PIONEER.  I DO NOT INTEND TO MAKE MONEY OFF THIS IN ANY WAY
SHAPE OR FORM.  I DO NOT HAVE THE TIME OR THE MONEY FOR A
LAWSUIT - I DO NOT WANT ONE ON MY HANDS ANYWAY.

This is my story, and I'm going to be real ticked off if somebody
decides to plagiarize.  SO DON'T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Summary:  TENCHI WITH TWINS!?!?!?!  In our last chapter, Ryoko,
was near death!  With a high fever that even Washu can't control,
she might die!  Sasami, posed by the Darkness somehow, attacked
Tenchi in an alternate dimension of Pseudo space!  Lord Katsuhito
finally reveals all that he knows about the Darkness, or has he? 
Hideyuki was introduced along with his son.  What is his
connection with the Ellcrist?  AND WHAT IS THE ELLCRIST?  Well,
whatever it is, it's dying or dead already!  Tenchi and Ayeka
have been ordered to find the sword of Kurai on a distant planet
somewhere in Jurai.  Is it even real?!?  Well, we'll all find
out!

Author's notes:  Okay this is the fourth chapter of this series. 
The previous one's were contained in Book one called the
Darkness, for any new comers!  I would highly recommend checking
them out.  Otherwise your going to be lost trying to read this! 
Thanks you two!!!! >~.^<  If you have any questions you know
where to email me, EvangelionRei@hotmail.com.  If ya think I've
got something's wrong or don't understand why certain things
happened, I'll be happy to explain!


-----------------------------------------------------------------
Quote for this Book:

He screams and screams and pounds his head against the wall,
Until the wailing phantom fire trucks pass across  his vision.
	Pain is all he wants.
	And hate, Yes hate.
He shall never forgive and never forget.  And never fear, fear is
for the enemy.  Fear and Bullets.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

TENCHI MUYO

PALE HORSE, PALE RIDER

ANGUISH

	  
	Motoko shuddered in the dark woods.  The blood that covered
her body slicked her motions.  Her wrist was probably broken, she
didn't know.  It was on fire and she couldn't move it.  The
Keeper had put her here.  The trees arms seemed to outstretch and
touch the sky.  The small stars provided little light.  The large
full moon hovered in the sky like a giant marble that had been
left behind by some giant child.
	A soft breeze of wind passed through the forest.  The
rustling of animals floated over the landscape and road the back
of the wind.  The crickets continued there constant chirping from
some unstable spot on the ground.  A light dew had settled over
everything, including Motoko.  Blood covered her eyes, making
everything a giant red blur.  
	The Keeper had said that he was doing it for a reason.  That
she would thank him later.  All that flowed through her mind was
the constant flashes of light and then the pain that followed
them.  The two crimson eyes that just stared.  Never showing
mercy, never showing remorse.
	She had to move.  The pool of blood that she laid in had
soaked her clothes a bright red.  The small gem around her neck
glowed slightly, giving off an aura of blue light.  Painfully she
propped herself up with her one good arm.  The blood began to
trickle itself off of her body.  It rain in streams down her
clothing.  Vomit streamed in-between her teeth and onto the
grass.  Her face twisted into a contorted smile as pain sky
rocketed through her side.
	Motoko's eyes were full of madness.  She was seconds away
from losing all rational thought.  But something pulled her back. 
Something at the edge of her mind, refused her to do so.  With a
sudden jerk she brought herself up to her knees.  A sudden crack
from her back made her fall again.  
	That's it, I'm going to die here.  A soft hum came to here
ears.  A sort of soothing pulse filled her mind.  Two large
shadows suddenly stretched over her.  They seemed to be talking,
but there voices turned into an incoherent jumble of sounds.  One
of them left and then the other stayed and watched over her.
	Motoko could see blue markings on one of them.  It seemed to
be cylindrical, but she couldn't tell.  The blood covered her and
she was slowly losing conciseness.  The dark shadows seemed to
close around her.  Her peripheral vision was the first to go and
then she fell into the infinite dark slumber.

>^.^<

	Kiyone settled back into her chair and stared at the
hovering panel.  The room was large and spacious.  A large couch
and desk lined the room along with a small coffee table.  The
wall behind her was all glass and looked down upon the central
square of the Galaxy Police Headquarters.  The panel continued to
blab as the news anchor related the news throughout the Galaxy. 
Her desk was littered with various papers and a cup of green tea.
	Kiyone hummed to herself as she threw her feet ontop of her
desk.  Mihoshi was no were to be seen.  She had left early to
Earth for the reunion at the Masaki residence.  Kiyone wasn't due
to leave for another couple days or so.  A vacation was just what
she needed.  Kiyone had been promoted to Lt. Sergeant of Section
9's special operations department.  Which was basically a
S.W.A.T. team for the universe.
	Lately nothing major had happened, mostly small outbreaks
and riots on planets.  Nothing serious enough to call on S-9. 
Kiyone scanned the papers all over her desk.  Most were
authorization forms for vacation and leaves of absence.  It was
about that time.  Most everyone was gearing up to have a nice
long vacation in some tropical planet like Tranquis IV.  Kiyone
smiled to herself and looked back at the TV panel.
	She took a long sip on her tea and went back to the forms. 
Signing her name and checking boxes.  A high pitched beep
suddenly sounded.  Kiyone looked at her watch and then up at the
door.  "Come."
	The metal doors hissed open as the hydraulics pulled the
metal slabs apart.  A tall built man came through with a few
files in his hand.  A small plasma side arm was strapped under
his arm and he was wearing a section six uniform.  He had short
cropped brown hair and a set of emerald eyes.  He smiled as he
came in.
	"Hello, Miss Makibi."  He said.
	"Yes, and who are you?"  Kiyone looked back down and
beginning checking boxes and her signature.
	He stopped a few feet in front of her desk and took the
standard position, hands behind the back looking straight
forward.  "I'm Corpral Nagiski of S-6."
	Kiyone nodded, "Yes, how can I help you?"  She looked up at
the young man.
	"Well," he pulled out the files and set them on her desk. 
"This is highly classified."
	Kiyone looked up and hit a small button on the side of her
desk.  "all right, everything's secure."
	"Are you familiar with the A-1 class criminal Masamune
Kiro?"
	Kiyone shook her head.
	"Masamune Kiro has been credited with over 35 confirmed
kills.  Mostly promoted as a free lance assassin.  He was finally
captured after killing 12 delegates from various planets, they
were at a peace conference.  Will trying to escape he was
captured and put in suspend animation till now."
	"Why was he put in suspended animation and not killed? 
Seems if he is credited with 35 kills then more than enough
people would be after him."
	Nagiski shook his head.  "This is why it's classified.  When
he was captured by the GP he was set in suspended animation,
during that time, our technicians worked on erasing his memories
but not all of his experience."
	Kiyone raised an eyebrow, "Why?"
	"The GP is, or was going to use him as a special operative
in S-9's special ops department."
	"What do you mean was?"
	"He disappeared."
	Kiyone looked up at the man.  "And..."
	"That's it, he disappeared, no one knows how.  There are no
security tapes or sensor readings.  The guards didn't report
anything, it's as if he just vanished from the tank."
	"That's impossible."
	"Well as much as it sounds, it did happen."  Nagiski said.  
	Kiyone sighed and leaned back in her chair.  "What am I
suppose to do about this.  I had no knowledge of this, Masamune."
	"No one did, it was a highly secret operation.  Even some of
the technicians had there memories erased."  Nagiski sighed.
	Kiyone picked up the papers and began to thumb through all
of them.  Various reports and identification tags of Masamune
Kiro.  Papers on his holding facility and security around the
area.  "Well, what I've come to you for is, some special help
preset."
	Kiyone leaned forward and glared at the man.  "What kind of
special help?"
	"Well we've taken into account that your vacation is coming
up, and that it's long overdue."
	Kiyone nodded while brushing a long strand of black hair
away from her face.
	"S-6 respectfully requests that you would cancel your
vacation and start immediately on the investigation..."  Nagiski
tried to smile.
	"WHAT!?!?!?!  I DON'T THINK SO!!!"  Kiyone slammed her hands
down onto her desk and stood up.  The tea jostled back and forth
and a few drops spilled onto the assortment of papers on her
desk.
	"We do realize that it has been a while since your last
vacation, but-"
	"NO!!  That's my final answer!"  Kiyone sat back down and
tried to calm herself.
	Nagiski pulled back with a sheepish smile on his face. 
"Understood, sorry ma'am."  He turned and high tailed it out of
the office.
	Kiyone shook her head and then realized that he had left the
file on her desk.  "Takmoru."
	A small sphere appeared out of the wall.  "Yes, Miss Makibi,
you called?"
	"Transfer this to a disk and then have it put in with my
things, I'll be taking it on vacation."
	The sphere paused for a second, "If I'm not mistaken I
believe this is S-6 TS material?  Shouldn't it be returned to
S-6?"
	Kiyone nodded.  "Of course, and the file will be returned to
them.  The hardisk will not."
	"But-"
	"No but's!"
	"Yes, ma'am."

>^.^<

	Motoko awoke in a warm bed, and sunlight bathed all around
her.  Her wounds had been dressed and her wrist had a small cast. 
She had been bathed and given a change of clothes.  
	"Meow..."
	Motoko looked down and saw a small rabbit like thing laying
on her legs.  It shook it's head and looked up at her.  Then it
seemed to smile.  With a quick movement the rabbit-thing jumped
off of the bed and ran through the door.  Motoko looked at her
surroundings.  A bed, the walls were white and a small closet was
in the corner.  There was wood paneling near the base of the
walls with flowers carved into it.  She could hear sounds coming
from the doorway, somewhere down the hall.
	"Oh, miss your finally awake!"  The voice was low and calm. 
An old man stood in the doorway along with a younger man.  They
looked a little alike, both had glasses, one had black hair and
the other's was gray.
	"I'm Kasuhito Masaki and this is my son-in-law, Nobuyuki." 
The older one said.  "And you may be?"
	"Motoko Hazaki," she coughed and watched small blood
droplets sprinkle the covers.
	"Oh, dear!"  Noboyuki gasped.
	"I'm fine,"  strands of purplish hair dropped in front of
her face, along with the small gem.  
	"Hmmm," Lord Kasuhito raised an eyebrow.
	"Well, your a guest here as long as you like.  When we
found, or they found you, you were pretty banged up."
	Motoko nodded as best she could.
	"How did that happen?"  Noboyuki asked.	
	"I don't remember...."  Motoko lied.
	"Don't remember?"  Noboyuki was a little confused.
	"I don't remember, I don't remember how I got here, or in
that forest." 
	"Where are you from?"
	"I don't know?"  Motoko lied again.
	"Can you remember anything?"  Lord Kasuhito asked.
	Motoko shook her head no.
	The two at the doorway frowned in unison.  
	"I'm sorry about this."  Motoko tried to move but pain
rocked her body.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"  she cried out.
	Noboyuki raced to her side.  "Don't try and move, just
relax, we couldn't just leave you there!"  He tried to make her
laugh.
	"Thank you so much."  Motoko tried to take in breath and
felt pain ever time.
	"It's no trouble at all!"  Noboyuki said.  Lord Kasuhito
nodded and left the room.

>^.^<

	Tenchi leaned back in the chair aboard Ryo-ohki.  The
scenery of space surround him and gave a sprawling view that
invoked an age old ghost in him.  "I forgot what it was like to
be up here."
	Ayeka smiled, "One does forget with time."
	Tenchi nodded, "Where exactly are we suppose to be going?"
	Ayeka smiled weakly, "I don't really have an exact
location."
	Tenchi jerked himself up, "WHAT!?!!?!?"
	"I don't really know.  All that I was told is that the
planet lies in the Forbidden Zone of Jurai."
	Tenchi rolled his eyes slightly and then spoke, "Let me
guess, you got those directions from Grandpa, right?"
	Ayeka nodded.  "All I know for sure is that there's suppose
to be some kind of sign once we reach the planet."
	Tenchi sighed and looked over trying not to show his
frustration, "A sign?  What kind of sign?"
	Ayeka clasped her hands together, "I do not know."
	"Oh great."
*****
	Ryoko jerked violently in her bed, vomited streamed through
her teeth and splattered against the ground with a disgusting
thud.  Washu jumped to her feet and looked at the scattered
monitors, Ryoko was getting worse, and there was nothing she
could do.  A single tear welled up at the corner of her eye and
then escape, falling towards the ground but colliding with
Ryoko's back instead.  "I'm sorry.."
	
	The night dawned quickly upon the Masaki residence and
nothing was as it had been.  Everyone was asleep except for the
chosen daughter enveloped in darkness.  Motoko breathed in
deeply, pictures hung on the walls and seemed to be staring back
at her.  Pictures of a young man and a beautiful woman.  Both of
them looked so happy, so joyful.  Tears hailed from her eyes as
she looked at the most painful picture.  The two figures were
holding hands, both were kissing and dressed in wedding clothing.
	"I can not do this...."  Motoko painfully wrapped her fist
around the gem.  "If this is the only thing that gives me
strength anymore, let this deed be recorded.  I shall pay for the
sin I am about to commit master."
	Purple light raced around her and she was lifted from the
bed.  Wispy bands of energy moved like a delicate ballerina from
place to place.  Motoko was floating vertically in room, almost
in a standing position, although her feet never touched the
floor.  The light continued to hold her up as Motoko made her way
towards the one that could bring redemption to her sold soul. 
The one they called Ryoko.
*****
	Tenchi sat in the small jail like room he reached into his
pocket and withdrew the picture of Ryoko and himself.  Quietly,
lost in memory, he traced the lines of her face with his finger
and let out a silent wale of grief.  He could almost feel her
slipping away into the infinite pit of darkness.  Like something
was pulling her downwards, never to return to the living.  Pain
etched his face as he curled up into a ball and held the picture
close.  His children, his wife, and everything else he held dear
would be gone unless he could find this damn sword.
	"Do not worry Tenchi." A sweet voice entered his ears. 
Quickly the young man wheeled about and blood instantly flew from
his nose.  A tall slender nude woman was standing in the room
with him.  She was at least five foot ten, her flesh was pale in
color and glowing lightly.  Her eyes were cold and steely gray
and the pupils were nowhere to be found.  The woman was floating
a few inches above the floor and a tender, almost motherly, smile
was drawn onto her face.  Her hair was shoulder length and seemed
to be silver.  
	"Wha-wha.....who-who are you?"  Shock was registering on
Tenchi's face as his back pressed against the metal plates of
Ryo-ohki.
	"I am Evanlong.  Guardian of the chosen."  Her voice was
soothing and soft, it brought a small bit of awe to Tenchi's
shattered heart.  
	She extended a beautiful slender hand towards him and
caressed his cheek.  Her fingers were cold and almost ice like. 
A strand of silver hair flew across her face and those gray eyes
stared into him, reaching into his soul.  There was something
familiar about her, something almost kindred between them.  "What
are you?"
	The light that aura around her body twisted and contorted
around the part of her that touched him.  "I am what you fear,
what pleases you, what you wish, what you dream, and what your
fantasy is."  Her eyes were staring at him with a gentle smile on
his face.  "I am also your worst nightmare, your darkest secret,
your worst memory."
	Tenchi was breathing heavily, an Erie feeling had swept over
him.  Her long straight silver hair swept down over her shoulder
and wisped from side to side around her face.  "What do you
want?"  His voice wavered slightly and he could smell the fear as
it rolled of his body in waves.
	"I wish to be with you."  she said.
	Tenchi's eyes widened and he pushed his back harder against
the wall.  "WHAT?!?!?"
	Evanlong giggled and her eye's widened with joy.  "Not like
that Tenchi.  I wish to join you on your journey to retrieve the
sword of Kurai."
	"Ummm....err....How did you know who I was?"  Tenchi didn't
notice but he was tapping a signal button located near the small
bed.
	"I know all.  I have told you, I am Evanlong, Guardian of
the Chosen."  She was still floating and smiling simultaneously.
	"Chosen?"  
	"Yes, you are the chosen."  She floated a few inches higher
and raised her delicate eyebrows.  
	"Chosen by who?"  Tenchi asked.  
	"The universe."  Evanlong spun in a small circle still nude.
	Ayeka suddenly burst in.  "Tenchi I heard your rin-"  Her
eyes caught sight of the nude floating woman.  "WHAT
THE!??!?!?!?!?  TENCHI!!!!"
	Tenchi's eye's widened to the size of saucers.  "I DIDN'T! I
MEAN IT WASN'T-SHE JUST APPEARED AND-"
	Evanlong laughed, "You make me laugh Tenchi."
	Ayeka glared at her coldly.  "WHO ARE YOU?"
	Evanlong looked towards Ayeka and frowned slightly.  "What
is wrong Ayeka?"  
	The princess paused and then looked at the nude woman. 
"How-how do you know my name?  Who are you?  What are you doing?"
	"I am Evanlong, I know all of you.  I am here to join you." 
The woman set her feet onto the ground and looked at both of
them.  "Will you let me?"
	"WHAT?!?  We don't even know who you are."  Ayeka's face had
turned bright red with anger.  "GET SOME CLOTHES ON!!!"
	Evanlong tilted her head to the side and placed a small
smile on her face. "What?"
	"YOUR NAKED!  THAT'S JUST-"  Ayeka's face was growing redder
as she clenched her fists.  
	"But this is natural."  Evanlong began to float again.  The
light around her body was becoming more vibrant as she floated.
	"Cover yourself now!  I order it!"  Ayeka screamed.
	Evanlong laughed.  "You are funny as well.  I will do as you
ask."  Her delicate feet landed gently onto the floor and she
reached into Tenchi's bag.  Carefully she withdrew an enormous
white shirt that almost match her white skin.  The shirt hung
loosely on her shoulders and looked as if it was 8 sizes to big. 
Tenchi was still staring wide eyed with a hand to his nose.  Once
again she reached into the pack and withdrew a pair of loose
fitting black pants.  They were made out of a very thin material
and Evanlong was forced to find a small sash and tie it around
her waist to keep them up.  Her white shirt she left untucked and
her feet bare.
	"That's better."  Ayeka grunted fixing her own outfit. 
Evanlong smiled and brushed a strand of silver hair from her
face.  Those gray steely eyes pierced into Ayeka with a strange
effect.  
	"Maybe you should put on some shoes or something."  Tenchi
was rummaging through his pack when Evanlong touched his ear
gently.  "Uhh...AHhhh...ummm...here ya go."  Quickly he produced
a pair of sandals which he then handed to her.  Evanlong took
them and slipped them onto her feet one at a time.
	"These fit nicely."  Evanlong floated once again and stared
at her sandals.  "I like these, they are comfortable."
	Tenchi smiled and scratched the back of his head. 
"Well...uh...your welcome."
	Evanlong once again returned to the ground and then walked
from the room.  Leaving the two friends alone.  They both stared
at eachother in bewilderment as the white skinned woman went and
grabbed a handful of food and something to drink.  She was still
floating, it looked as if she was sitting on an invisible cloud
that never left her bottom.  A small T.V. screen appeared in
front of her and intergalactic news was broadcasting.  Tenchi
stared and tried to make sense of what had just happened.	 
	"Tenchi!" Ayeka turned on him.  "Who is this woman?"
	"I-I-I don't know."
*****
	Motoko glided gently down the hallway, guided by purple
light that refused to go of it's grasp on her.  The stairway was
partially light but the light served no purpose and did not
provide any help.  A few meters away the spiky cyan hair of Ryoko
was visible.  Motoko paused and blood streamed from her ribs, it
stained her bandages and leaked out of them.  Once again the
amulet burned around her neck, warning her not to do what she was
about to.  	
	Slowly Motoko hovered over Ryoko and looked down upon her. 
The pale face stared back with it's eyes closed in a small death
mask.  Motoko could tell that she would die in the next few
minutes, and she wasn't going to let that happen.  If one good
deed could make up for the mistake she made, it would be this
one.  The power that had caused sickness could also bring health. 
A broken arm swept across Ryoko's face and color began to flow
back into it.  Motoko was racked with more pain and she cringed
from the hurt.  The sickness was moving into it's master now,
back into the darkness.
*****
	Masamune shifted slightly, he moved the plasma rifle upwards
and placed it upto the ground and in-between the bushes.  The
magnification device was zooming in and out trying to adjust the
focusing piece.  The barrel snuck it's way out of the foliage and
settled pointing towards the Masaki household.  Something was
going on, he didn't know what but there were strange wisps of
purple light running about the house, occasionally popping
themselves into view of the scope.  The gem dangled around his
neck and seemed to be switching forms constantly, from a key back
into an amulet.
*****
	Evanlong curled up tiredly onto a large pillow like
mattress.  Her clothes were hanging off her body almost at the
point of falling off since they were so large.  The shirt neck
was almost wrapped around her shoulders as she tossed about in a
pleasant dream.  Her white skin reflected the light and her own
glow was adding to the effect.  A smile was always present on her
face and Tenchi was still thunderstruck as of what to do.
	Tenchi couldn't believe how much the woman had eaten, like a
pig.  She also spelt like a rock, there was nothing that could
wake her up.  Ayeka had tried and so had Tenchi, both of them
failed when it came to waking the stranger.  That aura that was
always present, and those eyes had something strange about them. 
How had she known about the sword, and where had she come from? 
It was just as if she had appeared out of nowhere.  Odd, so very
odd.
*****
	Hideyuki paused and then rubbed the bark of the Ellcrist. 
It was turning black, half of it was still silver and the rest
had turned into a molten sour color.  It was dying, are already
dead Hideyuki couldn't tell anymore.  His wife was dead and the
spirit that she was protecting them against was gone.  They
didn't know how long since it had escaped but they guessed that
it couldn't be more than a week or so.
	Even though it was still horrid.  The spirit of Shinjuko was
encased inside and know that it was free, there was no end to
what could happen.  If the spirits were willing the chosen would
come and the guardian would be resurrected.  Hopefully the
guardian would get to the chosen before Shinjuko did.  Then
again, things didn't always go as planed.

To be Continued...........
_________________________________________________________________

Author's Notes:  Sorry it's been awhile since this has come out. 
I know that it's been a long time but I've had some problems with
writing this.  Okay well I hope you liked it.  Email me at
EvangelionRei@hotmail.com
