        
Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com
        
        
        
Chapter 3:  "Z"
        
        Deep within the boundless reaches of space in an alternate dimension, on 
a planet very similar to Earth, a young man tends to his small garden.  This 
dark haired boy lovingly tends to the small seedlings he has raised.  
        
        "There, now enjoy your new home."  He smiles as he transfers the new 
plant from its small pot to the fertile ground of his planet, Mirai.  
        
        The sun was high overhead, and beads of perspiration dotted his kind 
brow.  It was a glorious day, one he could take this precious time to tend to 
his flora without worrying about his obligations.  Without thinking about the 
growing military fleet waiting for his command.  Without the regiments of 
militia ready to begin their quest at the urging of their Goddess.  No, this 
small act of gardening would help him center his thoughts so that he could face 
the impending task at hand, a task that has been prophesized for millennia and 
he, himself chosen by the Goddess to carry out his peoples' destiny-a destiny he 
was not entirely sure of.  
        
        "Zephr."  The soft voice resonated through his mind like the sound of 
water rushing through a mountain stream.  
        
        "Zephr."
        
        The boy instantly falls to his knees.  He is overcome by emotion as the 
Goddess chooses this moment to bless him with her wisdom.
        
        "My lady."
        
        "Zephr.   Our enemies have made the first strike earlier than expected.  
It is time to lead our ships to gain their power sources before our attack."
        
        The boy raised his bowed head slowly, afraid he would be struck down by 
gazing at the Goddess.  She allowed him to see her this time.  She wore a 
flowing blue robe trimmed in gold and pale streamers flew about her.  Bright 
green leaves seemed to enveloped her garment and frame her beautiful face.  She 
lovingly knelt down and caressed his face.
        
        "Lady Tokimi."
        
        "You are my warrior, Zephr.  It is time to lead our people to victory."
        
        "Of course, but."
        
        "But what?"
        
        "Forgive me, but everything is so peaceful here, who is our enemy and 
what can they possibly do to us?

        The Goddess snarled in anger and stood erect over the young man.  The 
clouds grew dark and thunder echoed through the distance.
        
        "You dare to question my will?  Am I not sovereign of your people.  Have 
I not provided their needs and maintained peace here for the ages?  Have I not 
allowed you to flourish technologically?  Are you not the masters of your space?  
Why do you question me know when I ask you for help after I have been the one to 
provide?"
        
        "Lady, please forgive me, I just do not feel worthy of the task you have 
for me.  I, I am just a farm boy."  
        
        Tokimi glared down on him.  Bright sparks of energy grew around her 
hands and bathed the ground in electricity.  She thrust back her left arm and 
slung this pent up power upon the boy, knocking him to the ground writhing in 
electrical pain.
        
        "This is why I have chosen you!"
        
        As he screamed in pain a bright, white light enveloped him, blocking out 
the sparks.   Quiet now, he stood to face the Goddess.  Before him in luminous 
fans of light are five wings of the light hawk.  Like five propellers of light, 
these wings rotate before him.  As he passes through them his work clothes 
change into brilliant garments of flowing white.  On his forehead rests a green-
glowing emblem in the shape of a half moon.
        
        "I am to use my power and die for you, aren't I, Lady Tokimi?"
        
        "Yes. The power of the light hawk is the strongest in you of all of your 
people, people I created for this purpose.  People who will return and flourish 
if you succeed."
        
        "And If I fail?"
        
        "I will crush this planet and all the planets I have allowed your people 
to inhabit until there remains not one soul."   
        
        "Then I will not fail."  As he spoke, he raised his right hand and 
squeezed.  A bright red spark grew into a brilliant red sword of light.  As it 
does, his garments turn from glowing white to black.  
        
        The Goddess smiled.  
        
        "Good, I will lead your ships to leave this dimension.  You will contact 
the militia."
        
        She disappeared.
        
        The boy sank to the ground, his warriors garment has vanished and he 
rests back in his grubby work clothes.  
        
        "Uncle!"  he yells toward the house.  "Uncle!"  
        
        An old and wise looking man rushes out of the house toward the garden.
        
        "Yes?"
        
        "Prepare my ship and call in the generals.  We are about to begin."  He 
slumps down and grabs a piece of the cool soil.  He squeezes it in his hand and 
lowers his head.  A single tear drops onto the soil below.  
        
        "Go!"  He yells to his uncle as he still clutches the soil.  He knows it 
may be the last time he feels his planet beneath his feet.

