Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com
        
        
        
        Chapter 4:  The Morning After
        
        Ryoko's eyes opened and she is face up to the glorious sun trickling 
through the green leaves of Funaho.  Sparkling morning sunlight and shadows 
dance upon her beautiful face as she stretched the stiffness out of her body 
from sleeping on the ground.  She noticed warmth against her skin and realized 
an arm is outstretched across her middle.  She eyed the tanned arm from hand to 
elbow to shoulder to the sleeping face of her Tenchi.  Ryoko then realized they 
both are naked, only covered strategically by the soft beach blanket she had 
brought with her last night.
        
        "Oh, my gods."  She whispered as the memories came flooding through her 
mind.  She remembered all the sake, and luring Tenchi here, and the kiss and 
after that.   
        
        "What have I done?"  
        
        Tenchi stirred in his sleep and rolled over.  Ryoko took this 
opportunity to get dressed.  She longed to stay there and hold him until he woke 
up.  But she knew Tenchi.  She knew he would be upset and know that she started 
the drinking contest with what had happened in mind.  He would be heartbroken.  
He would be angry.  He would not know how to handle the feelings he had for her 
with the feelings for the others.  She did not think about this beforehand.  
        
        "Damn you, Washu."  She muttered.  "Why didn't I think this out after 
you mentioned the drinking contest?"  She began to gather her things.  "Well,  
at least we had fun, my Tenchi."  She leaned down and kissed him on his 
forehead.  "I'll find you later and we will talk when you are not mad."  Ryoko 
turned to leave.  She looked back on Tenchi and hoped that maybe, just maybe, 
the sake would make him forget.  He smiled.  
        
        ***
        
        "Tenchi."  A familiar voice echoed through the sleeping boy's dreams.
        
        "Tenchi, you must wake up."  
        
        Tenchi found himself floating downward until his bare feet landed softly 
upon the sleek surface of the ship Tsunami.  He stood in front of the reflecting 
pool.  Directly in front of him, stood the beautiful Goddess.  
        
        "Tenchi, terrible things are happening as we speak, you must prepare 
yourself and the others."  She said with sadness.
        
        "What.what are you talking about, Tsunami?"
        
        The blue haired goddess motioned her right hand toward the reflecting 
pool.  The dark water rippled gently and instead of seeing his amazed 
reflection, Tenchi saw events as they were unfolding on the planet Jurai.  
        
        In orbit around the planet roam thousands of dark black ships.  Each 
ship is enormous and structured with sharp, geometric edges, not like the 
sweeping grace of Jurai tree ships.  Green beams of energy blast the much 
smaller Jurai battle cruisers and Galaxy Policy ships valiantly trying to defend 
the planet.  The scene changes to events happening on the planet's surface.  
Thousands of warriors in dark garments are corralling Jurai citizens with 
painful weapons that disable the frightened people as they are touched.  In 
turn, thousands of Juraians are held captive upon these huge ships, still 
attacking Juraian defense.  Tenchi felt the utmost terror of the people, this 
terror loomed deep within his kind heart.
        
        "Tenchi.," Tsunami pleaded sadly.  "Tenchi."
        
        ***
        
        "Tenchi!"  A familiar voice resonated through the trees.  
        
        "Tenchi!"  screamed Kiyone.
        
        "Lord Tenchi!"  followed Aeyka.
        
        "Gods"  Thought Ryoko.  She could not let them find her here with 
Tenchi.  Perhaps they would not know if she were to leave.  The pirate flew into 
the air and disappeared.  She did not hang around in time to learn why they were 
in such haste.  
        
        Tenchi's head was pounding.  He awoke face up to the evil sun searing 
through Funaho's leaves.  And that awful dream.  Was it real?
        
        "Ow," he wearily uttered as he raised himself up.  He then realized he 
was naked.  
        
        Tenchi looked down to see the blanket covering his lower body and his 
clothes scattered about.  He remembered.  He remembered the sake, the cool water 
and the kiss.  He realized what he and Ryoko had done.  But now, she was gone.
        
        "Ryoko?"  He disparately wanted her there, no he needed her there.  
"Ryoko?"  She did not answer.  He had to find her, to talk to her about what had 
happened and he needed to tell someone about his dream.  She did not answer.  
Instead, he heard the familiar voice of Ayeka calling his name.
        
        "Oh, no,"  he said grasping for his pants.  With luck, he got them on as 
the Princess and Kiyone approached.
        
        "There you are, Tenchi!"  said Ayeka out of breath.  "What are you doing 
way out here?"  she asked suspiciously.  "Where, where is Ryoko?"
        
        "I, I, I don't really know how I got here."  He lied.  "I haven't seen 
her this morning." 
        
        "Nevermind, we will find her later.  Tenchi, the Galaxy Police have sent 
us an urgent message to find you.  Here."  Kiyone interrupted before Ayeka could 
get suspicious about Tenchi being there under Funaho alone and shirtless.  
Kiyone raised her left hand and her bracelet glowed and emitted a beam of light 
which expanded into a monitor of sorts.  A scared man in a GP uniform met 
Tenchi's stare.  
        
        "Tenchi Masaki?"  he asked.
        
        "Yes, that is me."
        
        "Prepare for oncoming transmission from the planet Jurai."  As he spoke 
the screen changed into snow and then into the stern face of Emperor Azusa of 
Jurai, Ayeka's father.
        
        "Tenchi."  He almost yelled.
        
        "Y, Yes sir!"
        
        "Tenchi, you, Yosho and Ayeka are to come to Jurai immediately.  We are 
under attack."
        
        "Who is attacking Jurai?"  He knew the answer, and his nightmare was 
about to be confirmed.
        
        "We do not know.  The Galaxy Police and the Royal fleet are hindering 
the enemy's aggression but they are breaking our defense line.  The people have 
asked that you come."
        
        "Me?"
        
        "Yes,"  The emperor sighed.  He did not put much faith into this boy, 
but did need his son, Yosho to fight. "Since you defeated Kagato, the people 
believe you have Tsunami on your side.  I don't know the merit of that response, 
but I do know the power of my son, Yosho and the Tenchiken.  We need your help."  
As he spoke, an explosion rang through the palace and debris fell behind him, 
the transmission began to fail.
        
        "Yes Sir!"  Answered Tenchi.  "Kiyone, can you and Mihoshi take us on 
Yagami?"
        
        "Yes!"  she replied.  
        
        "Father!  Are you alright, " pleaded Ayeka.
        
        "Please come at once!"  the screen went blank.
        
        "Tenchi! What is happening?"  
        
        "I don't know, but I will help, Ayeka. "  He stood and put on his shirt.  
His eyes gazed the distance again, looking for Ryoko.  
        
        "Let's get back to the house and get the others in order.  Washu may 
have some answers too."  They ran back to the house, leaving Funaho with her 
lanterns still swaying in the morning breeze. 
        
        ***
        
        "Tsunami, you underestimated her, again."  Thought Washu, now in her lab 
and furiously typing away on her keypad.  "Your plan only made her mad, and 
Jurai is suffering."
        
        "Washu?"  Pleaded Tenchi as he and the others flow into the lab.
        
        "Yes?"
        
        "Jurai is under attack, I need to get there immediately."  
        
        "Understood, gather the others in the family room and I will brief you 
all."
        
        A few moments later the family gathered, Tenchi, Aeyka, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Yosho, Washu, Nobuyuki, and little Sasami tenderly carrying Ryo-ohki.  
        
        "Where is Ryoko?  Asked Ayeka.  "Does anyone know?"  
        
        A bead of sweat formed at Tenchi's brow, he hoped she did not suspect 
anything.
        
        "Do you know, Ryo-ohki?"  Tenchi asked the cabbit.
        
        "Miya?" she replied, and in a tone that  indicated "no", but Ryo-ohki 
knew where Ryoko was.  She was in partial contact with Ryoko via their psychic 
link most of the time, except when one of them was sleeping.  Ryoko had made her 
promise not to tell until she said it was alright.  And Ryo-ohki keeps her 
promises, except when carrots are involved.
        
        "We don't have time for this!"  screamed Aeyka.  "That girl is probably 
sleeping the morning away!  We have to save my family."  She was frantic.
        
        "You are right," sighed Tenchi, not wanting to engage a battle without 
Ryoko's power, but understanding Ayeka's pain.  "Washu, what do you have for 
us?"
        
        The red haired scientist produced a floating keypad and pressed a few 
keys.  A luminous monitor appeared mid air and a story played out as Washu 
narrates.
        
        "At the beginning of time, lady Tsunami left her dimension as her love 
for mankind made her foolishly curious.  She decided to favor one insignificant 
planet, Jurai, with her presence.  She created the living Jurai trees and 
introduced them to the people.  She indirectly lectured the Juraians toward the 
future they now have.  At the same time, Tsunami was sorely missed by her two 
sisters.  The eldest and most powerful sister, Tokimi argued with the middle 
sister about how stupid it was for Tsunami to meddle with mortals.  The fight 
grew into a horrible battle, until the middle sister left."   Washu, closed her 
eyes and sighed before continuing.
        
        "Tokimi, the eldest sister was left utterly alone and angry.  For 
millennia, her soul rotted away and one day she decided to take revenge upon the 
youngest sister and her creations.  Tokimi found herself her own planet to 
favor.  It is the people of that planet who are attacking Jurai."
        
        "But Why?  Why would they want to hurt a people who do not threaten 
them?"  Asked Kiyone.
        
        "I am not sure, It is Tokimi's will and she is very powerful."
        
        "Miss Washu.  How do you know all of this?"  asked Mihoshi.
        
        "Because I am the smartest woman in the Universe!"  She smiled.  She 
hoped her goofy answer would quash their suspicions and it did.  
        
        "Well, we know who we are up against.  Washu, can you get us to Jurai?  
It will take days upon Yagami."  remarked Tenchi.
        
        "Of Course I can," She smiled and continued.  "I have created a portal 
to Jurai space.  Also, Lady Aeyka, you will be happy to know that your ship, 
Ryo-ooh has been totally restored.  I suggest you take both ships."  She typed 
upon her keyboard and the screen changed to the subspace lab in which Ryo-ooh's 
seedling had grown into the beautiful ship that had carried Ayeka to Earth not 
so long ago.  "She is not at 100% capacity, but I am sure you will appreciate my 
efforts, Ayeka."  
        
        "Thank you!"  Ayeka hugged small Washu so hard  her eyeballs popped out 
of her head.
        
        "Fwank You!"  She managed to squeak out until Ayeka released her.
        
        "Let's go!" Cheered Mihoshi.
        
        "What about Ryoko?" Asked Yosho.
        
        "We can't wait for her,"  remarked Tenchi with remorse.  "Besides, she 
will need to stay here and protect the others."
        
        "And me."  Stated Washu.
        
        "What?" Asked Tenchi.
        
        "I am not going.  She can stay to protect me too."  
        
        "We need you Washu."
        
        "I know.  But I have a duty here that you could not comprehend right 
now.  I am not going."  She turned to him with sadness.  "The will of the 
Goddess Tsunami keeps me here in the same way as she has asked you to go."  She 
tenderly touched his cheek and then embraced Tenchi in a hug.  "Please be 
careful, Tenchi."  She averted her eyes to the ground, not wanting to see his 
answer.
        
        "I, I, will, I have to, for Jurai's sake."  He turned to his grandfather 
and the others.  "Come on! Let's go!"  
        
        "Azaka!  Kamidake!"  yelled Ayeka.  Her two guardians,  huge logs with 
charaters inscribed upon them, materialized in the room.  
        
        "Yes ma'am," they answered in unison.
        
        "Please prepare Ryo-ooh, we are going into battle!"
        
        Outside, Mihoshi and Kiyone materialized into their red ship Yagami, 
which was submerged in the depths of the lake.  Tons of water splashed upon the 
dock as the ship hovered above.
        
        "Waaaaaaa, I'm getting all wet!"  Mihoshi's voice wailed and could be 
heard by the others on ground.  
        
        Tenchi, Yosho and Ayeka boarded Ryo-ooh.  As he dematerialized from the 
Earth, Tenchi scanned the horizon, one more time, looking for Ryoko.  He longed 
to see her and was terrified he never would again.  
        
        The ships hover above Sasami, Ryo-ohki, Washu and Nobuyuki all waving 
from the ground.  There are two distinct hums and flashes of light as Washu's 
portal opens up above the ships and they are whisked away through time and 
space.

