Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com




Chapter 7:  To the Rescue

	Sasami gingerly chopped carrots in the Masaki kitchen.  It was all her 
worried heart could do to help by feeding the remaining family.  Only one day 
had passed since Tenchi and the others left for Jurai and there has been no 
word.  Washu remained in her subspace lab, trying to gather Galaxy Police 
intelligence broadcasts.  Ryoko lingered by the intergalactic television Washu 
had invented, scanning all news reports.  Both had not eaten since yesterday and 
Sasami was not going to stand for that.  The girl grabbed a bunch of spring 
onions and began to chop them as well for her stew.  

	"Miya?"  

	"Yes, Ryo-Ohki, you can have a carrot..but just one!"

	"Miya!"  answered the cabbit grabbing the biggest carrot of the bunch.

	"Ryoko!  I'm making your favorite!  You want me to bring you a plate?"

	"No."  the pirate answered from the living room.

	"How about some Sake?  I can warm it for you?"

	"No."

	"Ryo-Ohki, something is terribly wrong with her, she doesn't even want 
some sake."  Sasami sighed and resumed her cooking.   Tenchi's father entered 
the kitchen, lured in by the sumptuous smells of the stewpot.

	"Sasami, my little dear!  You are a life saver.   When will this be 
ready?"  Nobouyuki asked.

	"In just a few."  Sasami's voice stopped involuntarily.  She dropped the 
knife she was using and it fell to the floor, the blade penetrating the linoleum 
between Nobuyuki's feet.

	"Sasami," he asked staring at the blade swaying back and forth in the 
floor.

	The girl was no longer in the kitchen.  She again found herself in royal 
garments and walking on the crystal floor of the ship Tsunami.  Sasami came upon 
the reflecting pool to meet the worried face of the Goddess once more.

	"Sasami."

	"What's wrong, Tsunami?  You look sad."

	"Tenchi is in terrible danger, you must come with me."

	"Tenchi?"  As she uttered his name, her soul slammed back into her body 
and she suddenly turned to Nobuyuki.  

	"Sasami?"  he uttered.

	"Tenchi's in trouble!"  She ran out of the kitchen in the direction of 
Funaho.

	"What's going on?"  Asked Ryoko coming out of the living room.  

	"She said something about Tenchi being in trouble and she ran out."

	"Tenchi?"

	As Ryoko uttered his name a newsflash from the planet Jurai echoed from 
the TV.

	This just in from our correspondent on the planet Jurai, under siege since 
yesterday by and unknown enemy fleet.  Veda, please come in..

	This is Veda Kitmarasu on the planet Jurai.  Our sources in the palace 
state that almost four million citizens have been taken aboard the enemy ships.  
We are receiving a broadcast from the kidnappers now.

	"Citizens of Jurai," the familiar and saddened face of lady Ayeka came 
upon the screen.

	"Ayeka?" uttered Ryoko.

	"Our enemy had succeeded in neutralizing the Jurai fleet and the Galaxy 
Police.  They are holding me and many of our people.  I have been allowed to 
speak to you today to let you.to.,"  She sobbed.  "To let you know that we have 
negotiated the release of all of those held captive in exchange for, for, the 
life of one.   Lord Tenchi Masaki Jurai of the planet Earth has agreed to stay 
in exchange for the people of Jurai."  A tear fell down her face and the signal 
went blank.

	"Washu!"  screamed Ryoko.  "I am not staying!  Ryo-ohki!  Come here!"  

	"Miya?"

	"Don't back talk me.  We are going to save Tenchi!"  With that she grabbed 
the perplexed cabbit and ran outside.  Once on the grass she flung the animal up 
into the air.  The wind howled as did the cabbit as she transformed into a 
massive space ship.  Ryoko flew into the air and disappeared, she had 
transported into the ship.  With a booming "Miyow!"  they flew into space, not 
waiting for Washu to open a portal.  

	"Ryoko?  Did she leave?" Washu asked Nobuyuki.

	"Yes, please Miss Washu, we must go help my son."

	"Don't worry, our ride will be here in three, two, one."

	As Washu counted backward, another glorious ship appeared from behind the 
mountain and loomed over the Masaki house.  It was brilliant white and had ten 
plume-like wings-the great ship Tsunami.  

	"After you."  Ushered Washu.  

	As the two left the house and stared dumbfounded toward the expanse of 
Tsunami, a bright beam of pure white light engulfed them and transported them to 
the ship.  Washu and Tenchi's father are now face to face with little Sasami.  
She is dressed in flowing royal robes and she carries a very grown up expression 
of concern on her face.  

	"Sasami?"  asked Nobuyuki.

	"She's only partly here, look!  Tsunami!"  Washu pointed to the pool for 
both of them to see not the reflection of the child, but the Goddess Tsunami.

	"Hello, sister."  Said Tsunami through Sasami's lips.   

	"Washu?  You are the middle sister?"  Sasami asked, coming out of her 
trance.

	Washu smiled.

