Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com



Chapter 9:  Ghosts
	
	Light whirled past his eyes at breakneck speed.  It came in soft hues of 
green at first, but progressed into a gentle blue.    As soon as the light 
glowed upon his face, as soon as Ayeka's face faded from his blurring field of 
vision, that horrible pain finally subsided.  New visions appeared.  He saw the 
smiling face of his mother Achika, having long since passed away.  Next in quick 
succession, the faces of his grandmother, his grand father, his father, Ayeka, 
Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki appeared in his mind's eye.  Before 
he knew it, Tenchi found himself , once again, under the majestic tree Funaho.  
He is unclothed and holding Ryoko who is peacefully sleeping.  Ryoko.  The 
moonlight illuminates the ripples in the water at their feet.  Funaho's rustling 
leaves create a magic wind that extinguishes the candles in the paper lanterns 
adorning the tree's branches.

	Tenchi now found his body floating weightlessly in a sea of pale blue 
light.  Far off in the distance he saw a shape coming closer and closer.  As he 
flew to the shape, he realized he was no longer half dressed and cold, but he 
was cloaked in warm white and blue fabric.  A flowing cape billowed behind him 
and he recognized the battle suit the light hawk wings brought to him.  The 
object came closer until he was upon it.  It was the Tsunami Unit.

	"Tenchi."  The goddess spoke.

	"How did I get here?"

	"You are not really here.  Your body is still on Tokimi's ship.  Your 
spirit is no longer permanently connected to your physical form."  

	"Am I, am I dead?"  He stammered.

	"No.  But you are mortal, and your body suffers the frailty all mortal 
bodies suffer.  That horrible ship will consume you eventually unless we can 
stop it."

	He strode as if walking on feathers to the Goddess' side.  Tenchi never in 
his life felt so calm and happy even though he knew the seriousness of his 
situation.  He turned to the reflecting pool and gazed to the reflection of 
little Sasami on the other side.

	"Can she see me?"

	"Yes."

	"Sasami?  Please be brave."

	"I will Tenchi."

	He then saw his father and Washu peering into the pool. 

	"Can they see me too?"

	"No, Sasami only can see you because she and I are the same."

	Ryoko.  Her name just popped into his head as he knelt down and touched 
the water rippling the reflections of his family.  It seemed as if months had 
passed since he had seen her, since he had felt her last.  Tenchi sighed.  
Sorrow suddenly overcame him.  He felt sorry that he wouldn't get to say goodbye 
to her.  He prayed that Ayeka would not fail to deliver his note.

	"You will see her again."  Answered Tsunami as she felt his thoughts of 
sadness.

	"How?"

	"Tenchi, you understand that I have two sisters?"

	"Yes, Tokimi and another."

	"Tenchi, just as Zephr is Tokimi's chosen and you are mine, there is yet 
another warrior."

	"Huh?"

	"Ryoko."  Tsunami smiled at Tenchi's current lack of wit.

	"Then.then. is Washu?"

	"Yes."

	"Does, does she know?"

	"Yes. She always has."

	"But, why?"

	"Tenchi, Washu is the smartest person in the universes.  She beat me in 
finding the knowledge and ability to separate her omnificence and powers from 
her being.  She put that which was her essence into Ryoko's gems.  She became 
human-an immortal human, but human none-the-less.  However, being cut off from 
the universal powers at her disposal, she soon forgot most of the knowledge she 
once had.  Her memories remained,  but her knowledge is locked away in those 
Gems.  She is so much happier now, in her pursuit of re-learning that knowledge, 
and that pursuit now fuels her existence."

	"What about Tokimi, why is she doing this?"

	"She hates me for leaving her and she blames me for Washu leaving too.  
Her loneliness has corrupted her.  Washu is no longer a threat to her since she 
is no longer a Goddess, but, if Tokimi had those gems..she would have enough 
power to overcome me.  And if I am gone, so will Sasami and so will the Royal 
trees and Jurai."  She frowned.  

	"The gems!"  Tenchi became frantic.  Two of them are in the Tenchiken.  I 
last had that on Ryo-Ooh.  Tokimi's warrior must have them!  Tsunami, help me 
get out, help me fight!"

	"Be patient, stay with me as long as you like.  Ryoko has one gem, and 
nothing can be done without all three.  Tenchi, I've made some hard decisions 
already, decisions that may upset you, but my plans will ultimately help us win 
this battle."

	"Then I will stay." 

	Tenchi stood stoically by her side and they both gazed into the pool.

