Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com



      Chapter 5:  Battles on Earth and in the Heavens


      
      The sound of Yugami and Ryo-ooh blasting through the portal to Jurai space 
shakes Ryoko awake with a shudder.  She almost rolled off the top the Masaki 
house.  
      
      "Damn, Mihoshi! Can't you fly that thing?"  She thought, rubbing the elbow 
she had just banged on a shingle.  Ryoko then notices the tail end of Ryo-ooh as 
it enters the portal and disappears.  "What?  Ayeka's leaving!"  She said out 
loud.  "Time for celebrating."
      
      Ryoko phased through the roof, passing through the upstairs of the house, 
and finally settling in the living room.  No one was around.  
      
      "Hello?"  she asked.
      
      "Hey!  Where is everyone?"
      
      "Right here!"  Answered Sasami coming in from the kitchen.  "Where have 
you been, Ryoko?  We couldn't find you."
      
      "I didn't think anyone else was up.where's Tenchi?"  She scanned the room 
for him.
      
      "Ryoko, something terrible has happened."
      
      "What?"
      
      "Jurai is being attacked."  Inserted Washu as she stepped into the room.  
"Tenchi left to protect the planet Jurai."
      
      "AND NO ONE CAME TO LOOK FOR ME!" Screamed the pirate.  "Ryo-ohki!  Come 
here!"  
      
      "No!  Ryoko!"  Washu said with authority as the furry animal popped her 
head from around the corner.
      
      "Ryo-ohki, let's go to Jurai."  
      
      "Miya?" Questioned the cabbit.
      
      "No, Ryoko.  You have to stay here to protect us and for the battle 
ahead.."  Washu realized she had gotten ahead of herself.
      
      "Just what are you talking about, Mom!"  she screeched.
      
      "Ryoko, Tenchi and the others have a battle they must face alone.  You 
must trust me."
      
      "Trust?"  Anger welled up in her golden eyes.  Ryoko's fists clinched.  
The gem in her left wrist glowed and a yellow spark traveled from it, up her arm 
and down the rest of her body.  As the spark flowed down, her casual pink kimono 
transformed into her red and black battle suit.  Ryoko had but one gem embedded 
in her left wrist.  The sleeve of that hand carried the gem's red stripes.  The 
sleeve of her right hand remained garbed in black until reunited with its 
missing gem.

      "I can't trust anyone, but myself!"  
      
      Enraged, the pirate hurled an orange energy blast into the far wall, 
destroying it.  When the smoke cleared, the occupants could see a very calm view 
of the lake just outside.  Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  She brought back her weapon 
hand and let out a cleansing sigh.  
      
      "I, I can't believe he left without me.without talking to me, about."  She 
collapsed to her knees and started to cry before she could finish.
      
      "Ryoko!  Please don't cry.  They will win and be back soon."  Sasami knelt 
down and hugged the pirate.
      
      "Ryoko?" Washu asked Ryoko telepathically.
      
      "Leave my head, Washu."  Snarled Ryoko back using her own psychic link to 
the scientist.
      
      "Ryoko, I see by your remarks our plan was successful."  Again in Ryoko's 
mind.
      
      "Damn it, Washu!," Ryoko said out loud.  "I said get out of my head!"  She 
stood up, ignoring Sasami and marched outside through the hole in the wall.
      
      "What was that about, Washu?" Asked the girl.
      
      "Sasami, ask Tsnunami.  She may be ready to open up to you about some 
things.  I'm not entirely sure what she has in mind now."  Washu retreated to 
her lab leaving Sasami cuddling Ryo-ohki in the rubble of the living room.
      
      ***
      
      "Lord Zephr!"  A booming voice came from outside the bridge of the command 
ship of Mirai.  
      
      "Enter, General Kenji.." answered Zephr, still seated in his command chair 
as the battle played forth on the enormous screen before him.  "What is it."
      
      "We have captured 1.5 million civilians, 4000 Galaxy Police and a few 
Royals.  They are being processed as we speak.  The non viable ones are being 
housed on fleets 3 through 29 for gasing."
      
      "Kenji! You were instructed to leave no casualties if possible!"  answered 
the boy.
      
      "But sir, we cannot conquer an empire without decimating its population!"
      
      "No!   Tokimi does not want us to conquer Jurai, she said nothing about 
KILLING everyone.   We will have casualties of war, I understand and regret 
that, but I am not letting any of these captured people die just because our 
ships cannot use them.  DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?" he threatened the grizzled old 
general. 
      
      "But Lord Zephr!"
      
      "Not one of the un-viable ones are to die!  Transport them back to the 
planet as close as where they were taken!"  He got out of his chair and faced 
the General eye to eye.
      
      "Yes, I will carry out your orders."  Kenji answered sarcastically.  The 
hardened war veteran turned his back to the young man and began to exit.  Just 
before he left the room, he spoke. "Zephr, just what do you think the extracting 
facilities do to the viable ones.  I wonder if their souls remain in hell 
forever."  He exited.
      
      "Damn him."  Whispered Zephr.  He shrank back down into his chair and ran 
his hands through his hair.  He knew exactly what his ships, the magical ships 
Tokimi created as a gift to his people to conquer their own space, did - they 
brought pain and horrible death.  
      
      "Sir!"  The seated lieutenant pipped in.  "There is a disturbance in 
sector three."  
      
      "Expand screen." He answered.
      
      The command screen changed from the massive battle to a smaller, obscure 
corner of the action.  There was a bright flash of light and a hole in space 
materialized.  The two ships carrying Tenchi, Ayeka, Yosho, Mihoshi and Kiyone 
entered the battle and soon began blasting the Mirai battle ships.
      
      "This is who you really want me to fight, isn't it Tokimi."  Zephr 
uttered.  "Bring the command ship to rendezvous with the two intruders.  Disable 
their weapons, I want the occupants transported to my gallery."  He raised 
himself up and exited the bridge.
      

