
Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com




Chapter 2: The Will of the Goddess

	The leaves of majestic Funaho stirred with the gentle billowing breeze.  
Fireflies danced upon her branches and they also skimmed the water's edge.  
Adorned with streamers and glowing paper lanterns, the tree shone with the light 
of the stars.  

	"Why'd Sasami hang up lanterns all the way here?" Thought Tenchi.

	"Washu and I decorated Funaho to honor you and your Family, Tenchi."  
Replied Ryoko as if she sensed his thoughts.  "Do you think she is pretty?  I 
was hoping to show Yosho."

	"She is beautiful."  

	Ryoko spread out one of the beach blankets and ushered Tenchi to sit.  
They rested among the winding tendrils of Funaho's roots at the water's edge.  
Ryoko took her shoes off and dipped her toes into the water.  
	
	"Oh, the water's warm, you want to swim (hic cup)?" She asked.

	"No way, Ryoko, you want me to drown?  I can hardly walk.  You can if you 
want, I know you don't need air to live."

	"Nah, I'll just dangle my feet.  Won't you at least do that?"  She reached 
over to untie his shoes and before he could protest, his feet were in the water 
right beside hers.

	"There, that's nice, isn't it?"

	"Yeah, until it makes me want to pee."

	"You are such the romantic, Tenchi."

	"This is supposed to be romantic?"

	"Any time I get you alone, you should know romance is involved."  She 
replied with a wink.

	"Oh," he answered.  

	Tenchi reclined to the base of the tree and gazed up at the stars.

	"You know, Ryoko, I had a great time tonight.  You and Ayeka got along for 
the first time in ages.  I am proud of you."

	"See, it is possible to put up with her."

	"I don't know when I last saw so many stars."  He changed the subject.

	"Hmm, the last time I saw so many was out in space when.." She stopped.

	"What?"

	"When I." A tear formed in the corner of her eye.

	"Ryoko?"

	"When I was outside of the Soja.looking for you..after Kagato destroyed 
Ryou-oh." She began to cry.

	"Ryoko?  Don't cry.  See?  I'm Ok.  Tsunami saved me."  He put his hand on 
her shoulder firmly.  

	"I thought, no, I knew you were dead.  Just like anything else I love.  
Kagato always took them away.  Ryo-ohki was the only comfort he allowed me to 
keep, only because he could use her too."

	"You loved me then?"

	"Tenchi, are you still so dense to not know what is going on right under 
your nose?" A spark of anger tinged in her golden eyes.
	
	"N,n,n, no,  I know you and Ayeka have feelings for me."  He stammered.

	"Tenchi.I.love.you.  By the Gods, I do.  And if it is the Sake talking, so 
be it. But there, I've said it, I mean it and it is out."

	"Oh,"  he was stone faced.

	"Is that all?  What the hell kind of reaction is that?  I've stayed on 
this planet because of you.   Don't you know I could take those gems and leave 
here at any time?  You are the only thing holding me here.  Can you give me just 
a little more reaction than that?"  She started crying again.

	"Ryoko."

	"You love Ayeka, don't you.  It's all the same with you royals, keep it in 
the family."

	Tenchi cut her off again.  Not with words, but he placed both of his hands 
on her shoulders and leaned forward.  He embraced her in a warm hug.  Suddenly, 
her anger melted.  She succumbed to his comfort and she embraced him as well.  
She allowed a few tears to fall on his chest and then gazed into his kind brown 
eyes.

	"You don't have to ever worry about losing me.  I feel we are a part of 
something together.  You must be patient when I tell you this, Ryoko.  I am not 
sure just what that means, but I do need you."  

	"Tenchi?"  

	Ryoko closed her eyes and leaned forward.  Without warning, they kissed.  

	Tenchi was surprised by the kiss.  His first reaction was to withdraw.  
This was indeed over the line he had drawn to keep unity and order in the Masaki 
home.  He adored all the girls in his home and to choose one would mean to 
forsake the others.  Unfortunately, the sake had more control than he.  Tenchi 
did not back away from Ryoko's kiss and much to her surprise and happiness, he 
returned the gesture.

	The crickets chirped happily in their grassy homes.  Tiny waves lapped 
upon the bank of Funaho and upon Ryoko and Tenchi's feet.  The rustle of the 
leaves echoed in their ears as the paper lanterns swayed with the breeze.  
Funaho's mothering branches cradled them in her protection as they kissed.

***

	"Sasami."  The voice echoed through the little girls dreams.   

	"Sasami."

	"Hmmm?"  She replied in her dream.   
	
	She had been happily dreaming of running through fields of flowers in the 
royal gardens on Jurai.  Her mother, Misaki, was chasing her through the mazes 
of tall blooms, trying to give her a kiss.   She missed her mommy sometimes.   
Suddenly, the beautiful blossoms faded away and she was no longer in her lovely 
garden but she was staring into the reflecting pool under the royal tree on the 
ship Tsunami.  Sasami gazed into the pool and instead seeing her own reflection, 
she met the loving eyes of the Goddess.  

	"Sasami."  Uttered Tsunami.

	"Yes?"

	"Wake up little one.   It is about to begin."

	"What is, Tsunami?"

	"The beginning."

	Sasami awoke suddenly to a brilliant light flooding her room.  She sat up 
and rubbed her tired eyes, it should have been dark outside.  She scrambled to 
the window as best as her sleepy little body would allow.  Sasami was able to 
spy outside upon the slumbering party goers, still sleeping around the picnic 
tables.  She expected to see them engaged in merry making again, possibly 
setting off fireworks.   Instead, her sister and the rest were still out cold 
under the trees.  The light was not coming from just outside, but was coming 
from the direction of Funaho.  What she then saw was beautifully terrifying.   
From just about where the tree Funaho grew, a huge column of glowing, rainbow 
colored light emanated and flew vertically into the stratosphere.  The large 
column was actually comprised of millions of tiny threads of light.  

        "Wow,  this is the beginning, Tsunami?"
        
        At the same time as Sasami was awakened.  Master Yosho also had a dream.  
He dreamt of his final battle with Ryoko some seven hundred years ago.  He 
remembered the savage destruction she had inflicted upon Jurai under the control 
of that madman, Kagato.  So many innocent people died at her hands.  She had all 
three of the power gems then.  He remembered valiantly fighting her into retreat 
from Jurai.  The whole planet rejoiced as her ship, Ryo-ohki left orbit.  Yosho 
recalled he was about to settle down and come to terms with his father Azuza 
over the impending marriage to Aeyka.  He dreaded the conflict for the throne he 
knew would come from their union, but was resigned to honoring his family by 
such a marriage.   That was when the dreams came.
        
        Tsunami came to Yosho in his dreams.   She urged him to follow Ryoko, 
that his fate was not confined to the planet Jurai.  The Goddess' urging only 
fueled his desire to run from his obligations to Ayeka and the throne.   Under 
the pretence of bringing the murderer Ryoko to justice he abandoned his 
responsibilities and boarded Funaho toward Earth and the demon.  And on the blue 
planet, he found Ryoko and the two engaged in a horrendous battle.  Yosho 
ultimately won that battle by impaling the pirate through the throat with his 
sword, Tenchiken, the master key of Jurai.  To his surprise, the sword Tenchi 
allowed Ryoko's three gems to merge onto its hilt and as they left her body, 
Ryoko expired.  
        
        Alone and on Earth, Yosho allowed Funaho to take root .  Tsunami had led 
him to this planet and he knew his destiny lay upon its soil.  Yosho interred 
Ryoko's remains deep within a cave, sealing her by the power of the Tenchiken.  
He knew she was barely mortal and although seemingly dead, was simply waiting to 
be revived by those stones in the sword.  However, as long as the seal to her 
tomb remained and the sword guarded that seal, she would forever be imprisoned.  
He decided to remain on Earth, carrying out his days as the guardian of Ryoko's 
tomb and later the Masaki Shrine.  He expected to age normally like the humans 
and die eventually, instead leading the millennia life spans of normal Juraians.  
To his amazement, he did not age.  The power of Ryoko's stones kept him young.  
Yosho acquired the illusion of aging so as not to arouse the suspicions of the 
Earthlings.  He remained on Earth for over seven hundred years guarding Ryoko 
until his grandson, Tenchi, freed her from the grave.
        
        Now he felt the same glorious power that he felt when Tenchi released 
Ryoko from the cave.  It was very similar to the feeling he had when Tsunami 
first came to him in his dream.  Yosho turned to look behind him and saw the 
same glowing light coming from Funaho.
        
        "Tsunami.  What have you in mind this time?"
        
        Little Washu opened a singular eye and gazed upon the lights before her.  
She smiled and closed her eyes to resume her sleep.  She had urged Ryoko to 
engage the group in their little drinking game, knowing that Ryoko would win.  
Alcohol affected Ryoko's physiology very differently than the others, allowing 
her to consume so much more than humanly possible before getting intoxicated.  
Washu knew that in order to carry out Tsunami's wishes, Ryoko and Tenchi had to 
be alone and that was not possible with the other's, mostly Ayeka guarding him.  
It appears her daughter, for once, had listened to her advice and the beginning 
was set into motion.  Washu smiled in her sleep.  
        

