Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com



Chapter 8:  Last Rites

	Tenchi sat in a very cold metal room.  He was being attended to by several 
equally cold men wearing what looked like doctor's coats.  They had taken his T-
shirt and he sat there, valiantly trying to appear brave when he had no idea 
what his decision meant.  Suddenly, the electronic door swooshed open and his 
family rushed in, lead by Ayeka.

	"Lord Tenchi!"  She wrapped her arms around him.  "Please reconsider, you 
don't have to do this."

	"Miss Ayeka, it's the only way to save all those people.  I've thought 
about it a long time.  Grandpa and I can fight and fight, but I can't let any of 
those people die because of me."

	"Tenchi, you are going to be a hero to the people of Jurai," uttered 
Kiyone.

	"Waaaaa!"  Mihoshi started crying.

	"Come on, Mihoshi, quit it!" Kiyone hugged her.

	"Grandpa if there was any other way." 

	"I know, Tenchi, I know."  The old man put his hand on the boy's shoulder 
for comfort.

	"Masaki!"  General Kenji entered the room.  "Follow me."

	Tenchi got up and followed the General to the next room.  The others 
followed Tenchi.  They came upon a huge console with several cavernous holes 
upon its surface.  Directly across from the device was a chair of sorts with all 
types of electronic contraptions emanating from its surface.

	"Sit!"  Ordered Kenji.  

	Tenchi took a deep breath and bravely sat down on the hard, metal chair.  
Immediately electricity sparked about him and he could not move.  

	"Tenchi!"  yelled Ayeka rushing toward him, she was stopped by two men in 
white coats.

	"Ayeka, it's ok, I'm fine!"  Tenchi reassured her as the General smirked.

	Kenji pressed some buttons on the console and up shot a beam of blue light 
between Tenchi and his family.  

	"What?"  Asked Kiyone.

	"Let us in, please," pleaded Ayeka.

	"We can not have any further interference.  Lord Zephr was nice enough, if 
not foolish as well, to let you be with this boy now, so quiet down."  

	The General turned to a computer console and typed furiously.  Suddenly, 
several gigantic metal arms, each holding rectangular objects, shot out of the 
holes on the console.      Tenchi stiffened as the arms made their way toward 
him.  The armrests upon which his own arms were restrained extended back, fully 
to his sides so that his arms were outstretched, almost painfully.  He strained, 
but could not move his head to see what the metal arms were doing or going to do 
to his own limbs.  Slowly, the rests just under his hands started to retract 
into the chair until they rested just under his elbows, leaving his forearm and 
hands out in the air.  

	"Gentlemen, phase two!"  Ordered Kenji to his assistants in the room.  

	Tenchi then realized that his upper body was reclining, the chair was 
turning into a table of sorts.  He felt the part supporting his legs retract 
into the chair stopping only at his knees leaving his legs exposed.  Two of the 
white coated men removed his shoes and stepped back quickly.  Suddenly, the 
metal arms carrying the metal boxes descended upon him.  One arm to each of his 
restrained and exposed limbs.  Tenchi could make out that the boxes they carried 
had large holes in each.  Mechanics clicked and lights flashed and quickly, the 
arms slid each box onto Tenchi's arms and feet.  He strained his eyes to see 
what was going on, each of his hands up to his elbow and each of his legs up to 
his knees were engulfed in cold metal.  A bead of sweat trickled down his brow.

	"Now, Tenchi," whispered Kenji into the boy's ear, "you don't want to 
move.  This will hurt terribly if the machine is out of alignment because you 
have moved.  We don't want you to lose a finger.."

	Tenchi gulped.

	The General nodded to his assistants and a terrible thud escaped each of 
the boxes on Tenchi's limbs.  Tenchi had held his breath and squeezed his eyes 
shut.  He could hear the metal arms retracting and he could feel the arm rests 
and feet rests slide back under his limbs.  He slowly opened his eyes afraid he 
would not see his hands but stumps.  He exhaled happily to see that his left 
arm, at least, was intact.  However, surrounding his hand to his elbow was some 
sort of gleaming metal cast.  It surrounded his hand so that only his fingers 
and thumb were free.  There was a huge red diamond-shaped stone on both sides of 
his wrist.

	"There, we're almost done."

	Next, the part of the chair supporting Tenchi's head began to retract, 
leaving his neck exposed.  A similar arm ascended up from the floor and rested 
below his neck.  From the ceiling and in his line of sight came the mate to the 
other arm.  It too, held a form of some sorts that rested around his neck.  
Thump!  He felt cold metal around his neck as the arms had just riveted a cold 
metal collar with a red stone secured at his throat.

	"Now, all done.  Lord Zephr will be here shortly."  With that, the blue 
beam retraining the others fell to the floor and Tenchi was also freed from his 
chair to look at the bands upon his hands and feet.  The General pressed a few 
more buttons and the chair Tenchi had been sitting on descended into the floor 
as did the console across from it.  The far wall dematerialized revealing an 
enormous room.  For as far as their eyes could see, there were large, circular, 
green platforms, in rows and terraced up to the ceiling for hundreds of feet.  

	"Tenchi!"  Ayeka ran to the boy.  She hugged him and sobbed on his chest.

	"Ayeka."

	"What have they put on your hands?"

	"That enables him to focus the energy to those gems, or specific release 
points so that he doesn't burn up in the extraction process."  Answered Kenji.  
"Lord Zephr is too humane for his own good."  He sneered again as a door to the 
right opened and Tokimi's warrior entered the room.  

	"Are we ready, General?"

	"As we will ever be."

	"Tenchi.  Now's the time."  

	Tenchi nodded sadly.  He looked to his family.   

	"Grandpa, tell dad I love him."  He hugged Yosho and turned to Mihoshi and 
Kiyone.

	"Girls."  he could not say anything further as the girls engulfed him in 
tearful sobs.  He then turned to Ayeka.

	"Ayeka, please be brave."  He caressed her pale cheek as tears streamed 
down upon his fingers.  "You have a special place in my heart, always, my 
friend."  

	"Tenchi, I..I.."  she could not finish.

	"Please, Ayeka, give this to Ryoko."  He held up a folded piece of paper.  
"And make sure Washu, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki know I will miss them too.  The 
princess grasped the paper as she was too sad to speak her mind.

	"Come with me, Tenchi."  Zephr ushered Tenchi to follow him toward a 
platform.  They had to walk a distance to get to it.  

	"You will free the Juraians."  Tenchi stated.

	"Yes, as soon as you are in the extraction process we will transport them 
all, including your friends back to the planet and we will continue our 
mission."

	"What is your mission?"

	"To follow the will of Tokimi."  Zephr whispered.

	"Tenchi!"  Ayeka ran from where Tenchi had left her toward him.  She 
wrapped her arms around his neck and sobbed.  "I can't let you go!  I can't let 
you do this!"

	"Ayeka, I have no other choice."  Tenchi replied holding the beautiful 
princess tightly.

	"You!  You can take me instead!"  She turned to Zephr.  

	"Princess, you are very brave to offer yourself, but his power surpasses 
your own greatly.  You would not suit our purpose.  Tenchi, please."  He raised 
his arm toward the platform, ushering Tenchi to continue his valiant walk.

	"Grandpa, help Ayeka, please."  

	Yosho came to the distraught Princess' side and steadied her weak body as 
they both watched Tenchi bravely face his destiny.

	"She loves you very much."  Zephr whispered as they came to the platform. 
He carried a very sad look upon his face.

	"I know, and I hate you for what you are doing to her." 

	"Tenchi, just stand in the middle there."

	Tenchi stood to face his enemy, expecting an evil sneer.  Instead, he came 
face to face with a boy, just like himself, in a horrible situation.  

	"I am truly sorry it had to be this way.  Like you, I have billions of 
lives resting on my shoulders.  Please forgive me."  Zephr whispered again.

	"Get on with this."  Tenchi snarled.

	Zephr slowly turned his back to the brave boy and nodded at Kenji.  The 
General's eyes gleamed at his chance.  He pulled a lever.  Suddenly, a green 
beam of light illuminated Tenchi and surrounded just the platform and the boy.  
Zephr held his head down and slowly walked toward the others.  He was not brave 
enough to stay and watch.  The brightness of the beam intensified and sparks of 
energy engulfed the boy.

	Tenchi began to feel terrible pain, like his bones were being ripped out 
of his flesh and through his skin.  He strained to hold that pain in but failed 
to restrain his screams.  Searing heat soared through his flesh and he fell like 
a heap to the floor.  An invisible force raised him up, by the metal casts on 
his hands and neck and hung him suspended several feet in the air above the 
platform.  There he hovered, his arms and legs outstretched as if he were 
crucified on an invisible cross all the while being bathed in that sick green 
light.  His eyes were still open, and he gazed toward his family.  The last 
thing he saw before his slipped away was Ayeka running past Zephr to him. 



