
Story c 2001 by Buggyness
Tenchi and co are the property of
Pioneer and AIC
Comments?  Reviews?  Buggyness@hotmail.com




      Chapter 6:  The Enemy Revealed


             "My God, Tenchi, can you see all of them?"  Kiyone's asked, her 
concerned image imposing on the huge screen aboard Princess Ayeka's tree ship 
Ryo-ooh.  

	"What can we do?" pleaded Mihoshi, on the verge of crying.

	"Galaxy Police cruisers!  Please respond."  Kiyone typed furiously on the 
command console of Yugami.  "They are not answering us.   The GP ships are 
silent.  I'm not detecting any damage to them or the Jurai ships."

	"I will try to hale the Jurai ships."  Ayeka retorted.  "This is the First 
Princess of the Royal Family of Jurai, please respond."  

	Nothing.

	"Do you think the transmission has been interrupted by the enemy ships?" 
Asked Tenchi.

	"No, Tenchi.   Look."  Said Yosho.  "The ships are empty."  He motioned to 
the closest GP star class cruiser.  It passed Ryo-ooh at a very close range and 
as it did, the occupants could clearly see not one light, not one sign of 
movement in the ship.  

	"Azaka!  Kamadake!  Please analyze these ships for life forms."  

	"Yes, ma'am."  The logs replied in unison.

	"What is going on?"  Asked Ayeka.

	"Princes,"  replied Azaka.  "We are not detecting any life forms upon the 
Galaxy Police ships nor upon the Juraian battle ships."

	"Are they, are they dead?"  Asked Tenchi.

	"That is uncertain." Answered Kamadake.  "However we are detecting 3.6 
million Juraian life forms on the enemy ships.  It seems that they are being 
transported to the ships from the planet as well.

	"They are kidnapping the people."  Said Yosho.

	"But why?"  Asked Tenchi.

	Suddenly, Ryo-ooh lurched to the left causing its occupants to stumble.  

	"Status!"  screamed Ayeka.

	"We are being pulled toward the large enemy ship by a tractor beam."  
Answered Azaka.

	"Take evasive actions."

	"Ryo-oh is not responding."

	"Kiyone!  Are you in the beam too?"  Asked Tenchi.

	"Yes, we have no control of the ship.  Our weapons systems are 
malfunctioning." She answered.

	"Grandpa, can you give me the master key?"  Yosho handed Tenchi the Sword. 
"I'm going to try to deploy the light hawk wings to deflect the tractor beam.

	Tenchi held the hilt of the sword before him.  Ask he released his hands, 
the master key hovered suspended before him, its two red gems sparkled in the 
dim light.  The boy brought both of his hands around the sword and he closed his 
eyes.  Suddenly, three brilliant white propelor-like blades appeared before the 
ship.  They slowly spun until the three blades merged into one white shield.  
The ship rocked back and forth.  

	"Its working, Tenchi!"  said Ayeka.

	Back on the big ship, Lord Zephr watched the situation closely with 
General Kenji beside him.  
	
	"Three light hawk wings.   This must be the ship carrying the warrior."  


	"It doesn't look like much to me."  Sniffed Kenji.

	"Perhaps.   But it is successfully bypassing our tractor beam."  He raised 
his eyebrow and turned to another crewman.   "Focus the beam on that red ship 
over there and power up the destroyer.  Open hailing frequency to that ship."  

	"Tenchi!"  screamed Mihoshi.  We are still getting pulled in!"

	"Can.you., "stammered Tenchi, trying to focus on maintaining the shield. 
"Can you get behind Ryo-ooh?" 

	"No, Tenchi, we are sitting ducks over here!"  As Kiyone answered, the 
screen went to snow.  

	"Juraian ship, please respond."  The handsome face of Zephr appeared upon 
the screen.

	"Who are you?"  Asked Ayeka.

	"My name is Zephr Watanabe of the planet Mirai.  Please down your shield 
and prepare for transport to the main ship."

	"Are you kidding!  We've come to stop you!"  Tenchi answered with 
hostility.

	"Please.  We are aware that the red ship beside you is defenseless, and we 
are preparing to fire our weapons on it if you do not lower your shield in Five, 
Four, Three,Two."

	"Ok!" yelled Tenchi, looking over through the bridge dome of Ryo-ooh to 
see the red ship carrying his friends, Kiyone and Mihoshi.  He took his hands 
away from the Tenchiken and it fell to the ground.  "What do you want with us?"

	"Please, prepare for transport."

	Tenchi just had time to look over at his grandfather and Ayeka as he 
dematerialized from Ryo-ooh.  

***

	Tenchi, Ayeka, Yosho, Kiyone, and Mihoshi now found themselves aboard the 
enemy flag ship.  They were standing in a huge gallery.  Before them, seated on 
a plain chair was Zephr, his elbows leaning on the table before him.  

	"Please, come, sit with me."  He motioned to the group.

	"What should we do?" Ayeka asked.

	"We should sit."  Yosho answered, walking toward their enemy.

	The others followed, each taking a chair at the table, all except Tenchi.
	
	"Please, sit," ushered Zephr.

	"No, I think I will stand."  Tenchi answered with defiance. "Just what are 
you doing kidnapping the Juraian people!"  He demanded.

	"Before I answer you, please tell me your name."

	"My name is Tenchi Masaki."

	"Tenchi?"  He knew that name well.  It came to him in his dreams sent by 
Lady Tokimi.  This was the man he was seeking, seeking to lead him to destroy 
Tsunami.

	"Well, then." He smiled.  "General Kenji!"

	"Here."

	"Are your scans of them completed?"

	"Yes.  The purple haired girl and the old man house a very viable and 
powerful source of Jurai energy.  The other two girls do not possess any viable 
source.  This young man, however, is the strongest I have ever seen..in fact, 
his strength surpasses any of our computer simulations."

	"What are you talking about!" yelled Tenchi bringing his fists down on the 
table.

	"Tenchi!"  Ayeka pleaded.
	
	"Release us and the people you have captive!"  As he spoke, a mark formed 
upon his forehead in the shape of a downward pointing arrow.   The mark glowed 
green.  Three beautiful propellers appeared before the boy-the wings of the 
light hawk, wings to which only Jurai ships were supposed to generate.  Through 
the wishes of the Goddess Tsunami, Tenchi had been born with this unusual power 
to generate and control light hawk wings.  He intended to use them on this new 
enemy.   Tenchi stretched before him both of his arms and the wings passed 
through his body and his clothes transformed into the glowing robes of Juraian 
warriors.  He jumped back several feet and raised his right hand and in that 
hand, he formed a sword of light which he pointed toward Zephr.  

	"Interesting."  As he said this, Zephr raised out of his chair, letting it 
fall the ground.  The others quickly got up and scrambled to get behind Tenchi.  

	"Release those people or I will have to kill you."  Tenchi threatened.

	"The will of my Goddess will not allow that." As he replied, a glowing 
half moon appeared upon Zephr's forehead and before him rotated his own light 
hawk wings-five of them.  Like Tenchi, the blades passed through him and changed 
his clothes to brilliant white garments.  Zephr formed his own red sword and as 
he did, his white robes turned to billowing black.  He and Tenchi stared each 
other down.

	Suddenly, Tenchi realized a familiar hand on his shoulder.

	"Grandpa?"

	"Tenchi, this is a battle you cannot win."

	"I know, he has five light hawk wings.  But what else can I do?"

	As he uttered his answer to Yosho, Tenchi lunged toward Zephr.  The air 
smelled of char and ozone as Tenchi's blue sword clashed with Zephr's red sword.  

	"I have an answer for you!"  Zephr yelled as he  blocked Tenchi's blow.

	"The only answer.you.have is to let the people go."  Tenchi answered by 
slicing at his enemy's legs.  

	"There is another solution."  He panted, leaping up into the air, coming 
down behind Tenchi and holding his red sword to the boy's throat.  Tenchi 
reached up and slung Zepher over him.

	"What!"

	"I can kill you here..or!"  Zephr flew toward Tenchi.  Their swords 
clashed again and as they did, Zephr took his left elbow and thrust it into 
Tenchi's throat, knocking him to the ground, stunned.   Tokimi's warrior leapt 
on top of him and brought his sword down upon Tenchi's chest, stopping just 
inches away from killing him.

	"No!"  Ayeka screamed as her own powers kicked in.  Dozens of small wooden 
cylinders encircled her panicked form.

	"Princess!  If one of those sticks moves an inch, I'm going to skewer your 
friend here!"  Zephr threatened.  "Now, like I said, there is another answer, 
Tenchi."

	"What?  Why not kill me now."  Tenchi whispered as sweat trickled down his 
forehead.

	"I don't want to kill you.  But, you can still save those millions of 
people from a horrible fate."

	"How?"  

	"By replacing them."


