Tenchi Muyo: No need for paradise.
By Brendan O'Donnell  <72113.1507@CompuServe.COM>

     Kiyone stood at the entrance to The Corridor.  She shuddered
as she contemplated the meeting she was being called to.  She
looked at the door just inside.  It was bright red with a black 1
painted at its center.  Taking a deep breath she entered the gray
hallway.  She had no idea how long it would take her to reach the
black room 666.  The office of the fallen angel, the supreme
ruler of Hell.  The place she had dwelt since she had died.
     Kiyone walked foreword, trying to distract herself from her
reason for being here by counting the doors as she passed them.
By the time she reached 600 she felt ghost pain throughout her
entire lower body.  Ghost pain because she didn't have a real
body anymore.  She ignored the illusionary pain as she pressed
onward.  At door 665 she paused to stare at the next door, a dull
orange door with a red 1 painted on it.
     *I guess I've got a longer walk then I thought.*
     Kiyone pressed on.  As she walked she found herself unable
to avoid thinking about her life and her death.  She thought
about the afterlife she was trapped in as well.  It became a
distraction from the false pain in her phantom body as she kept
up a pace that her physical body would have killed itself
matching.
     She thought of her death.  Ironically Mihoshi, who she would
have bet everything she had to be it's cause, was over a hundred
light years away when it happened.  The Galaxy Police had
admitted that the paperwork for three of their scheduled leaves
had been misfiled, and they were granted extended leave with a
bonus to compensate.  She had managed to insure that she and
Mihoshi spent their vacations on different planets, separated by
eight hundred parsecs.  Three days later Kiyone had been walking
home from a bar with a guy she had picked up when she managed to
trip and fall over a small bridge and suddenly she was here in
hell.
     Hell was something else that didn't match here expectations.
She had expected perpetual torment, but instead the torments
occurred at seemingly random intervals.  The first time she had
been reading the instructions for filling out the form asking for
details on why she was in hell, and as she perused page 98 she
had suddenly found someone else's life flashing before her eyes.
Specifically the life of Kamageri, who she and Mihoshi had
arrested for armed robbery in their first year of partnership.
Mihoshi had always thought he was innocent, but Kiyone had gotten
tired of her actions and closed the case.  Now she could see his
life clearly, could see his innocence, and how the arrest had
destroyed his life so totally.
     The rest of the time was a torment of a more subtle nature.
It didn't seem too bad, but the torment arose more from a lack
than anything that she had to deal with.  There was no happiness,
no kindness, no hope.  And of course the bureaucracy that she and
everyone she knew hated so much was here, with even greater
intensity and power.  Agony, emptiness, and frustration.  Hell
was worse than she had imagined.
     Suddenly the fact that she had passed a black door with the
number 645 intruded on her consciousness.  Looking up she
accelerated her pace, coming to a halt as she reached her goal.
     She looked at the door.  It was utterly black, except for
the red numbers proclaiming it office 666.  Kiyone raised her
hand and fought down a wave of fear.  Reaching out her hand she
prepared to knock.
     "Come in Kiyone." said a deep voice inside the office.
Kiyone blinked a moment, then opened the door and stepped inside.
     "You wanted to see me..."  What was the proper title to call
him, she wondered.
     The fallen angel looked up from a desk that looked like a
red copy of her supervisor's.  In fact the entire office looked
exactly like her supervisors only subtly wrong.  "That I did.
Using the Mortal time rate as a reference, you've been here for
six years.  I was reviewing your case."
     Oh no...  "My. . . Case?"  She said, trying and failing to
keep the fear from her voice.
     "Actually it was at a request from the opposing realm, but
looking things over I have concluded that you can be released a
lot sooner than expected, right now in face."
     Kiyone blinked.  She wasn't aware that she could be released
from hell.  "Released?"
     "To Heaven's care.  In fact the angel who'll be looking you
over while you make the transition should be at the gate really
soon.  If you'll just fill out the forms."
     Kiyone looked over the firms.  *There has to be some sort of
trick.*  She thought to herself.  *Should I go along with it?
What am I thinking?!?  This is my chance to get out of hell!!*
She picked up a pen and quickly signed her name to the
appropriate places.
     "Excellent!"  He raised his hand and suddenly they were
standing by the gates she vaguely remembered passing through when
she had arrived.  He punched a sequence in a shadow in the air by
the edge of the gates and they silently opened.  Satan walked
through the gates, and Kiyone followed.
     "Heaven's sending an angel to look after you while you're
adjusting."  The dark one said.  "She should be here any minute.
Or less."  He added stepping aside as a brilliant light suddenly
appeared from nowhere, and a white clad figure stepped up to
them.
     "KIYONE!!"  Kiyone froze as a figure in white suddenly
grabbed her.  She was all in white, she now sprouted wings, but
the blond hair and that awful voice were exactly as she
remembered.
     "Oh Kiyone!"  Mihoshi continued.  "It was so awful after you
died, I mean I tried to do my best to make you proud, but the
chief kept yelling at me, and there were those partners who went
crazy and had to be locked up, and finally I wasn't paying enough
attention and a smuggler managed to shoot me.  But the worst part
of it was that when I got to Heaven I couldn't find you.  I
looked all over and I even tried to check with Hells records at a
friends advice.  I can't believe that anyone actually thought you
belonged in hell.  Well don't worry, I'm here now and we'll be
together forever!"
     "F-Forever?"  Kiyone slowly turned her head and looked at
the Devil, who was closing the gates of hell behind him with a
big grin on his face.
     "Wait!  I changed my mind!"  Kiyone screamed as she ran for
the gates.
     Satan smiled as he walked away from the gates of Hell,
listening to Kiyone's screams.  "The mind is it's own place and
can make a Heaven of Hell, A Hell of Heaven."  He chuckled to
himself.


The end.







