Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  
The author owns only the writing and the characters he, himself, 
creates.
BTW:  This fic takes place in the OAV universe sometime after 
Kiyone joins the cast.

Paradise Lost


	The door exploded inward, and Tenchi and Ryoko stood there, 
their lightswords ignited and up in the en guarde position.  They 
stood there a moment as their eyes peered into the inky darkness of 
the hidden asteroid base.  When it became apparent that no attack 
was going to meet them, they stepped inside.  
	"Tenchi?"  Kiyone's voice came over the GP communications ear 
piece clipped to his right ear.
	"Yeah, Kiyone?"  Tenchi asked as he pointed the Tenchi-ken 
down a darkened corridor, letting its light illuminate the corridor 
in a pale blue glow.
	Kiyone responded quickly.  "Two more ships just took off.  
Mihoshi and I are in the landing bay two decks down.  No signs of 
resistance.  What about you?"
	"Same here,"  Tenchi whispered.  "The place looks abandoned."  
	"Let's hope they didn't take Ayeka with them.  We'll search 
each deck and proceed up.  You and Ryoko search and proceed down.  
We'll meet in the middle."
	"Understood."
	Tenchi and Ryoko proceeded cautiously.  They came upon a 
T-junction and paused.
	"We should split up,"  Tenchi told her.
	Ryoko nodded and reached out, taking her fiance's hand in her 
own and squeezing it.
	"Let's find her,"  Tenchi said.  Ryoko nodded and started 
flying down the left hand corridor.  Tenchi started down the right.
	"Ayeka!"  Ryoko called.  "Ayeka!  Answer me!"  She checked 
each door as she passed.  "Ayeka!"
	It was so soft, she almost didn't hear it.
	"Ryoko?"
	Ryoko stopped on a dime and looked back.  "Ayeka?"  She 
pointed her sword into a nearby doorway and looked around.  At first 
she saw nothing, then...
	"Kami-sama..."  She whispered in fright.  "Ayeka!"
	She flew forward and shortened the light sword until it was 
just a ball of glowing energy.  She held the ball out, allowing the 
red light to wash over Ayeka.  Ryoko's eyes widened.  She shook her 
head in disbelief.  "Ayeka?"
	She was huddled in a corner, hugging her knees to her chest.  
She was naked, what Ryoko could see of her face was a bruised mess.  
	"Ry...Ryoko?"
	"Oh my God..."  Ryoko whispered.
	"Ryoko?  What's your status?"  Kiyone asked through the 
earpiece.
	Ryoko tapped the piece and began speaking frantically.  
"Kiyone!  Get up here now!  NOW, DAMMIT!"  She reached out to Ayeka, 
but the once proud Jurain princess flinched away from her in fear.  
"Hold on, Ayeka,"  she whispered.
	Ayeka sat there and trembled.  "Ryoko?"  she whispered again.

	Washu shook her head.  The other members of the household 
minus Ayeka, who was still lying on one of Washu's biobeds, and 
Sasami, who refused to leave her bedside, gathered around the petite 
scientist worriedly.
	"Will she be okay?"  Tenchi asked.
	Washu opened her mouth to say something but couldn't form 
words for a moment.  Finally, she managed to get words out.  "I 
really don't know,"  she told them softly.  "I repaired her physical 
injuries, but there's something else."  She looked back at Ayeka 
and Sasami to make sure Sasami wasn't listening.  "When I examined 
Ayeka, there was severe...trauma."  The others waited for her to 
explain.  "There's no doubt in my mind that she's been raped...
brutally...and repeatedly."
	Ryoko grit her teeth and turned from them in rage.  Tenchi was 
shaking in anger.  Mihoshi put her hand over her mouth, tears pooled 
up in her eyes.  Kiyone was speechless.
	Ryoko growled and punched the wall of Washu's lab, leaving a 
hole three feet in diameter.  Sasami looked up in shock.  Ayeka 
didn't react.
	"So will she be okay?"  Mihoshi asked.
	Washu shook her head again.  "I don't know.  She's...shattered.  
She's pretty out of it.  The psychological damage is severe."
	"Who did it?"  Tenchi asked angrily.  "Did she say?"
	"No,"  Washu told him.  "I don't think she even remembers."
	"Is there anything we can do?"  Kiyone asked.
	"I suppose the only thing we can do is be there for her,"  
Washu told her.
	Kiyone shook her head in disbelief.  "How does someone rape 
a Jurain noble?  Ayeka is so...powerful.  How'd he do it?"
	"I don't know,"   Washu said again.  "I really don't know.  
Her headband is missing, she needs it to form forcefields.  Maybe 
she was caught without it or..."  She shook her head urgently and 
put her hands on the sides of her head.  "I just don't know!"
	"Ryoko?"
	They all turned urgently when they heard Ayeka whisper Ryoko's 
name.  Ryoko disappeared and reappeared next to her bed.  "Hey, 
Ayeka,"  Ryoko said, putting on a smile for Ayeka's benefit.  "How 
are you feeling?" 
	"I want to go home,"  Ayeka whispered.
	Ryoko bit her lip and reached out, gently taking Ayeka's hand.  
"You *are* home, Ayeka.  It's okay now.  It's gonna be okay."
	Ayeka stared off into space.  Ryoko saw tears well up in the 
princess' eyes.  Her shoulders began to shake.  Before long, Ayeka 
was weeping uncontrollably.
	"Ayeka?"  Sasami asked, taking her sister' other hand.  She 
felt a hand gently rest on her shoulder and looked up.  Tenchi stood 
behind her.  
	"Come on, Sasami.  Let's get Ayeka some tea."  
	Sasami wanted to stay with Ayeka, but understood that Tenchi 
probably had another reason for taking her away.  She nodded and 
followed him out of Washu's lab.  As they walked into the kitchen, 
Sasami spoke.
	"Tenchi, what did they do to Ayeka?"
	Tenchi tensed as he mixed the tea at the kitchen counter.  He 
searched his mind for something to say, something Sasami would be 
able to understand, but came up empty.  
	"They hurt her, Sasami,"  he told her quietly.  "They hurt her 
a lot."
	"Will she be okay?"  Sasami asked concerned.
	<Damn, why did she have to ask questions he didn't have answers 
for?>
	"We're going to have to be very nice to her for awhile, Sasami, 
okay?"  Sasami nodded.  Tenchi didn't know what else he could say.  
He was still reeling from the idea that anyone would ever want to 
hurt anyone in such a way, especially someone like Ayeka.  He felt 
nauseous, angry, sickened by the very thought that there was someone 
capable of such an act, and by the fact that that person had 
*gotten away*!
	It had all happened three weeks ago.  That night he had told 
Ayeka that he loved Ryoko...

	"I can't believe you're saying this to me,"  Ayeka whispered 
to him.  "I can't believe you'd actually choose *her* over me..."
	"Ayeka,"  Tenchi began softly.  He had wanted so desperately 
to avoid this, but he couldn't wait anymore, and to keep it from 
Ayeka, to make her believe she had a chance, was simply too cruel 
a thing for him to do.  
	So he had opted for what he believed to be the lesser of the 
two evils and asked Ayeka to meet him on the back porch.
	"Please," he tried again, "Try to understand.  I love her.  
I...I never wanted to hurt you, but I can't deny what I feel."
	She shook her head sadly, tears made their way down her face.  
"You didn't want to hurt me," she whispered sadly.  "Well you did, 
Tenchi,"  she told him accusingly.  "You *did* hurt me."  With 
that, she stormed off the porch and into the woods surrounding 
Masaki Shrine, leaving Tenchi there wishing there had been some 
other way, and at the same time, relieved that it hadn't been 
worse...

	She hadn't shown up for dinner, but Tenchi wasn't worried.  
He understood that Ayeka wouldn't want to see either him or Ryoko 
right then.  When she didn't show by the time everyone went to bed, 
he was disappointed, but not really concerned.  Even when she failed 
to show up for breakfast the next morning, he figured she just 
wanted to be alone.
	It wasn't until she failed to show up for dinner that night 
that they began to really worry.  A search had turned up an odd 
energy reading on one of Washu's scanners.  They had searched, and 
three weeks later, found out where Ayeka was being held.
	Apparently, they had found her wandering in the woods near 
the shrine, overpowered her, kidnapped her, and...
	Tenchi slammed the tea cup on the counter in frustration.  
Sasami flinched.  "Sasami,"  Tenchi said.
	"Yes, Tenchi,"  Sasami whispered.
	"I need to get in contact with your parents."
	Sasami nodded.  "Ayeka has a transmitter somewhere.  Mommy 
gave it to her when they visited last year."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Okay, we'll ask her about it when she's 
feeling a little better."
	Sasami nodded.

	Sasami and Ryoko led Ayeka to the room she shared with Sasami.  
Ayeka was lucid now, thanks to a couple of days under Washu's care.  
She still didn't speak unless spoken to, and even then, her 
statements mostly came in brief, one word answers.
	"Would you like something to drink, Ayeka?  Some tea?"  
Sasami asked.  
	"No, Sasami.  Thank you,"  Ayeka replied distantly.
	"Okay,"  Ryoko said.  "Good night Ayeka.  Good night Sasami."
	"G'night, Ryoko."
	Ryoko smiled and left the room.  Tenchi was waiting for her 
outside.
	"Is this a good idea?"  Ryoko asked her.  "I'm not sure it's 
a good idea."
	"If anyone can help Ayeka, it's Sasami,"  Tenchi reassured 
her.
	Inside the room, Ayeka pulled the blanket over herself.  
Sasami watched her do this and switched off the light...
	The reaction was immediate.
	"NO!  PLEASE!  TURN IT BACK ON!  *PLEASE*!"
	Sasami fumbled with the switch in her haste to illuminate 
the room.  When the light finally came back on, she found her sister 
huddled on her futon, hugging her knees to her chest.
	The blue haired princess ran to her and hugged her.  "Oh, 
I'm sorry Ayeka!  I'm sorry!"  Ayeka didn't look at her.  Her eyes 
were wide, staring out at nothing.  She trembled, a tear ran down 
her cheek.
	"I hate the dark," she whispered over and over again.  "I 
hate the dark..."

	"No, Ryoko, please,"  Ayeka begged her.  "I can't."  They 
were sitting in the kitchen a few days later.  Tenchi had asked 
Ryoko to talk to her given that Ayeka seemed to respond best to 
Ryoko.
	"Ayeka," she whispered.  "We have to tell your parents what 
happened."
	A tear rolled down her cheek.  "Please, Ryoko.  I can't.  How 
can I face them again?  It's so hard just to face *you*.  How do I 
tell them that I...How..."  She closed her eyes as the tears began 
to flow faster.
	"Ayeka!"  Ryoko cried.  "You have nothing to be ashamed of!  
This wasn't your fault!"  She took a breath and calmed down.  "I 
know you feel..."
	"Ryoko,"  Ayeka asked softly, interrupting her.  "Did Kagato 
ever..."
	This brought Ryoko up short.  "No," she whispered finally.  
"I don't think he was ever interested in me that way." 
	She looked up at Ryoko with anger in her eyes.  "Then how can 
you *possibly* know?!"
	Ryoko said nothing.
	"Please, Ryoko.  I've never begged you for anything, but I'm 
begging you now.  Don't tell them."
	Ryoko took another deep breath.  "Ayeka, Kiyone and Mihoshi 
are filing report with the Galaxy Police.  They'll find out sooner 
or later.  Do you want them to read about it in a report?"
	Ayeka looked down at the table top miserably.  "I just want 
to forget it happened," she whispered.  "Is that too much to ask?  
I just want to pretend it didn't happen.  Please, Ryoko.  How do I 
face them again?  How do I look my father in the eye and tell him?"
	Ryoko sighed sympathetically.  "I don't know, Ayeka.  I wish 
I could say something but..."  she trailed off.
	Ayeka said nothing.
	"Do you want me to talk to them?"
	Ayeka closed her eyes again.  "Don't you get it, Ryoko?"  
she asked.  "I don't want them to know!"  She got up and left the 
kitchen.
	Ryoko watched her go and sighed.  She had never seen Ayeka 
like this before.  As much as she had fought with the arrogant 
princess, she wished now just once that Ayeka would get mad at her 
and try to blast her or call her, 'loose,' or accuse her of 
manipulating Tenchi.  *Anything* that would let Ryoko know that she 
was getting better, but it wasn't happening.  Ayeka spent most of 
her time in the living room with the TV on.  Azaka and Kamidake were 
almost constantly present.  She didn't want to be around people, 
but at the same time was deathly scared of being alone.  
	It was tearing her apart.
	
	Weeks passed.  Tenchi tried to get Ayeka to agree to talk to 
her parents, but Ayeka refused and begged him not to call them.  
Tenchi, afraid of hurting her, reluctantly agreed.
	He found himself regretting it a week later when Ayeka 
announced she was leaving.
	"Ayeka!  Why?!"  he asked her as she stood outside the house 
as Azaka and Kamidake loaded Ryu-Oh.
	"I can't stay, Tenchi,"  she told him.  "I just can't."  
	"But why?"
	She didn't answer.  She started for Ryu-Oh's boarding ramp.  	
"Ayeka!"  He trotted after her.  "Ayeka!  Wait!  Just tell me why 
you're leaving!"  
	She paused midstep.  "Please take care of Sasami for me, Tenchi.  
I know that she likes it here, and I know that you and Ryoko will 
be good to her."  She started walking again.
	"Dammit, Ayeka!"  He reached out and grabbed her wrist...
	Ayeka tensed and turned dead white.  She looked at Tenchi, but 
with fear.  Tenchi realized what he had done and let go of her arm.  
She stared at him for a few moments, trembling slightly.  She took 
a deep breath and fought her own body to regain control.  After a 
minute, she managed to compose herself and looked at him.
	"Tenchi.  Please.  Let me go.  I can't stay here.  I just 
can't."  She turned and started for her ship.  "I just need some 
time alone," she called back over her shoulder.
	She stopped before Azaka and Kamidake.  
	"All is prepared, Princess Ayeka.  We can leave at any time,"  
Azaka boomed.
	Ayeka paused a moment.  "You will remain here and protect 
Sasami."
	Azaka and Kamidake looked to each other.  "Er....Princess 
Ayeka?"  Kamidake asked.
	"Should we not protect you, Princess?"  Azaka threw in.
	"Why?"  she asked softly.  She started past them.  "It's 
obvious you're not up to it," she bit out.  
	Azaka and Kamidake stood there in silent shame.  For the last 
several weeks, they had been beating themselves up about not being 
there when Ayeka was kidnapped, about being negligent in their 
duties.  It seemed that, on some level, Ayeka blamed them too.
	"Ayeka, wait!"  Tenchi called after her.
	"I've already said my goodbyes, Tenchi.  It's time to go."
	"I don't think you're ready to leave.  You should stay here.  
Ayeka, it's too soon."
	She shook her head.  "No, Tenchi.  I know you don't understand.  
I know you *can't* understand."  She seemed to have to struggle to 
continue.  "I'm scared, Tenchi," she told him.  "Do you have any 
idea what it feels like to be afraid of *everything*?  I'm afraid 
to go outside, I'm afraid be in the dark, I'm afraid to be alone, 
I'm afraid to be with people..."  She shook her head. "I'm afraid 
of *you*, Tenchi!"  Tears welled up in her eyes.  "I'm afraid of 
*you*," she repeated in a whisper.  "I love you, Tenchi," she told 
him.  "I love you, and I'm *scared* to be left alone in a room with 
you!"  Tenchi blinked in astonishment.  "I *hate* feeling like that, 
Tenchi!  I *hate* it!  I don't want to feel that way, but...I...I 
can't..."  She gave up and turned from him.
	Tenchi didn't know what to say.  He stood there, watched her 
enter her rebuilt ship, and saw the door slide shut behind her.

	Tenchi entered Sasami's room hurriedly.  "Sasami, do you have 
any idea what it is?"
	Sasami looked around the room.  They didn't think Ayeka would 
leave Sasami here with no way to get in contact with Jurai, so she 
must have left the transmitter.  The tiny princess began searching 
through the room.  Finally, with an "Ah, hah!" she held a small 
Tsunami shrine aloft.  "She didn't take this with her, and I'd swear 
she didn't have it before Mommy's visit last year!"
	It didn't take long for them to set it up on top of the TV, 
and before too long, Queen Misaki's smiling face was staring back 
at them.
	"SASAMI, SASAMI!"  she cried, close to tears of joy at seeing 
her daughter.  She leaned forward and kissed the screen.  "How's 
my baby girl?!"
	"Ms. Misaki,"  Tenchi began, "We need to talk."
	Misaki blinked.  "Tenchi?"  She looked over the room, and 
fear filled her eyes.  "Where's Ayeka?"
	"Sasami, could you let me and your mom talk alone for a 
minute?"
	"Sure, Tenchi."  Sasami walked out of the room.  Once she 
was gone, Tenchi took a deep breath and began to tell Misaki what 
had happened.  When he was finished ten minutes later, Misaki was 
glaring at him in bald faced hatred.
	"You bastard,"  she hissed.  Tenchi blinked.
	"Excuse me?"
	"She trusted you," Misaki whispered.  "You were supposed to 
protect her.  She *trusted you* to protect her!"  Tenchi's jaw gaped 
at the frank accusation.
	"Ms. Misaki, I..."
	"BE QUIET!"  Tenchi was stunned into silence.  Misaki closed 
her eyes and took a minute to collect herself.  When she did, she 
started again.  "You shouldn't have let her leave," she told him.
	Tenchi gritted his teeth.  "What else was I supposed to do?" 
he asked bitterly.  "Grab her and lock her up?  It would've killed 
her."
	Misaki bit her lip angrily.  "All right.  I'm handling this 
from now on.  I'm sending a ship to bring Sasami back here."  Tenchi 
blinked in astonishment.  "I'll find Ayeka."
	"Would you like us to..."
	"You've done quite enough already, Tenchi," she bit out.  
"Have Sasami ready to leave in three days.  I'll find Ayeka."
	"How?"  Tenchi asked.
	Misaki glared at him, but slowly her expression softened.  
"I know some people in the Galaxy Police.  I can't use our own 
forces, we can't afford to let this get out.  If it became public 
knowledge, it'd destroy Ayeka."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Is there anything I can do?"
	Misaki looked at him.  "Three days.  I want Sasami ready to 
leave in three days."  With that, she cut the transmission.  
	Tenchi stood there for a moment.  He turned and found Ryoko 
standing in the doorway.
	"It's not fair,"  Ryoko told him quietly.  "She shouldn't 
blame you."
	Tenchi didn't answer immediately.  When he did it was to say, 
"Yes, she should.  I should've gone after her that night instead of 
counting myself lucky that she didn't tear into me worse than she 
did."  He spoke angrily now.  "I should've been there."
	She took his hand.  "There was nothing you could have done, 
Tenchi."
	"Yes there is, Ryoko,"  he told her.  She looked at him in 
puzzlement.  "More," he told her.  "I could've done more."

	"Lina, music."
	"Specify."
	Detective Second Class Toshio Mizuno sat back in his chair and 
put his feet up on the control board.  He heard someone clear their 
throat.  The dome headed AI interface of his onboard computer glared 
at him.
	"FEET!"  she chastised.
	The black-haired detective coughed in embarrassment and took 
his feet down.  
	"Specify,"  Lina repeated.
	"Tis the season,"  Toshio told her.  "Something for Zotolas."  
A fast, cheery holiday song began to play.  "Er...something slower."  
The song switched to another, slower song.  "And decrease volume 
by fifty percent."  The song began to play more softly.  Toshio sat 
up in his chair and set about wrapping the gift he had gotten for 
his mother.
	As he wrapped the the box containing the red silk scarf with 
wrapping paper, one of the lights on the board began to blink.  
Lina's head dropped in front of his.
	"Detective, I am receiving a flash traffic, emergency action 
message from Galaxy Police HQ.  Recommend Alert One."
	"Kill the music, Lina."  He put the scarf aside.  "Play 
message."
	"Nothing to play, Detective,"  Lina told him.  "It's an order 
for you to initiate a holo-briefing on your end.  Frequency has 
been provided."  
	"Understood."  Toshio got up proceeded towards the back.  "I 
trust you're getting a clear signal?"  he asked.
	"Well,"  Lina said irritably, "I had damn well better be!  I 
*am* the *newest* class of Galaxy Police patrol ship, after all.  
If I can't maintain a simple signal link with HQ, I don't 
deserve...."
	"All right, all right!"  Toshio said with a laugh.  "It was 
just a question.  I know how advanced you are, no need to rub it 
in."
	"Hmmph!  Whenever you're ready, Detective."
	Toshio stepped into a small, bare room with gray walls.  
"Okay, Lina, jack me in."
	Suddenly, the walls changed, and Toshio found himself in the 
office of the Marshal.  He faced the uniformed officer sitting 
behind the desk and came to attention.  
	"Detective Second Class Toshio Mizuno, reporting as ordered, 
Sir."
	"Thank you, Detective.  Stand at ease."  Toshio relaxed a 
little.  "Before we begin, there's someone else you should meet."  
The Marshal nodded at something unseen, and suddenly, a blue haired 
woman flashed into existence next to him.  "I believe the Queen of 
Jurai needs no introduction."
	"Indeed," Toshio replied.  He bowed to Misaki.  "Your Majesty."
	"Detective."
	"Sir, may ask what this is all about?"
	The Marshal sat back in his chair.  "A very delicate situation 
has developed.  That's why I called you here.  Now, I know you're 
on leave, but I believe that this situation calls for...well...
someone such as yourself.  About six weeks ago, Princess Ayeka of 
Jurai was kidnapped."  Toshio's eyes widened.  "Now, she was rescued 
three weeks later, but not without side effects.  Evidence suggests 
she was raped, possibly tortured."  Next to him, Misaki tensed.
	"I see."
	Misaki stepped forward.  "Two days ago, my daughter left 
Earth by herself.  In her state, it's dangerous for her."
	"There is also the possibility that she will be attacked by 
the same people who kidnapped her before,"  the Marshal pointed 
out.  "Toshio, I've asked you here because I know I can trust you 
as a fellow Llewecian.  This is a sensitive situation.  This 
briefing is classified Most Secret, Eyes Only.  I want you to find 
the Princess Ayeka and get her to return to Jurai."
	"'Get her to return to Jurai?'"
	"You are to make no hostile moves, nothing that would 
antagonize her.  Just make contact and bring her in.  Use your own 
experiences to *her* benefit."
	"My daughter is in a very fragile state, Detective,"  Misaki 
told him.  "I must admit to being skeptical."
	"Misaki,"  the Marshal said, "You've come to me for help, 
this is the form it comes in.  I can only ask you to trust me when 
I say that Detective Mizuno has...expertise...in this matter."
	Misaki gave Toshio a frightened look.  "I certainly hope so."
	The Marshal turned back to Toshio.  "All the information you 
need will be uploaded to your computer.  There will be no official 
record of this mission taking place, and you are forbidden to speak 
of it to anyone but myself, Her Majesty, or our designates."
	"Understood, Sir."
	"Dismissed."
	The connection was severed, and Toshio saw the gray walls 
form around him again.  He took a breath and made his way back to 
the bridge.
	"Lina?"
	"File download complete.  We have a course and destination 
provided by the Jurain Secret Intelligence Service as well as some 
reports and a letter addressed to the Princess of Jurai from the 
Queen of Jurai."  He could almost see Lina arch a digital eyebrow. 
	Toshio nodded slowly and sat down.  "Set course as dictated 
in the download and display the other files on my terminal."
	"Yes, Detective."
	He didn't notice the stars expand into star lines as Lina made 
the jump to hyperspace.  He was reading the file on Princess Ayeka.  
He hit a screen option that said, "Gun Camera Footage:  Kuramitsu, 
M."  and saw an image appear on the screen.  
	He saw Princess Ayeka, huddled naked on a cold stone floor, 
her knees hugged to her chest.  She saw a cyan-haired woman crouching 
next to her.  A young man reached out to her, and she responded by 
crying out and flinching away from him.  The footage ended.
	He looked at the still shot of the bruised princess and took 
a breath.  He reached out and touched the picture with his 
fingertips.
	"Damn," he whispered.

	Ayeka felt like crying. 
	For some reason she couldn't understand, she was having the 
most difficult time controlling Ryu-Oh.  First of all, she didn't 
have her headband, which acted as her key.  Normally, that wouldn't 
be such a problem.  She had the ability to control her ship with her 
thoughts, but for some reason, she couldn't get the proper 
concentration.  Throw in the fact that Ryu-Oh was still very young, 
and a certain princess had a problem.
	She thought about going back, about returning to Earth, but 
couldn't work up the nerve to do it.  She sighed.
	"Why can't things be easy just once?"  she asked out loud.
	There was a gentle chime from the ceiling.  On most ships, 
alerts came in the form blaring alarms and flashing lights.  On 
Jurain yachts, it came in the form of gentle pings.
	"Oh, now what?"  Ayeka asked in annoyance.  A small, sperical 
drone flew up to her.  
	"Princess, there is a coolant leak in the forward compartment."
	Ayeka blinked.  "A coolant leak?  Repair it."
	"We are unable to, Princess.  The coolant is spreading."
	Ayeka grimaced.  "Recommendations?"
	"You must leave the ship for a short time until the auto 
repair systems can correct the problem."
	She sighed.  "Very well.  Is there a planet nearby where we 
can land?"
	"Yes, Princess."
	"Then make for it and..."  Suddenly there was another ping.
	"A ship approaches, Princess."
	"What?!"  She turned to her screen and saw the light grey 
ship approaching.  "What is it?"  she asked with a touch of fear 
creeping into her voice.
	"The IFF transponder identifies it as a Galaxy Police Patrol 
Ship,"  the drone intoned.
	The communicator came to life.  "Attention Jurain yacht, this 
is the Galaxy Police cruiser, Lina.  Would you, by any chance, be 
Princess Ayeka of Jurai?"
	Ayeka felt a tremor of fear.  Someone was looking for *her* 
specifically.  "What...what if I were?"
	"Then I would say I have a message from your mother."
	Ayeka blinked and bit her lip, unsure of what to do.
	"My name is Toshio, by the way,"  she heard him say.  "That 
is, Detective Second Class Toshio Mizuno."
	Ayeka took a breath but said nothing.
	"Well, whoever you might be, it looks like you have a 
problem."
	"Huh?"
	"My scanners indicate you have a coolant leak in progress.  
You need to get your ship landed and soon before it spreads to the 
other decks."
	She still said nothing.
	"Miss?"
	She blinked.  "Um...yes?"
	"Your ship?"
	"Um, yes.  We're planning on moving it to a nearby planet."
	"I don't mean to be a worry wart, Miss, but my scanners show 
that that coolant is moving pretty quick.  You may not have time to 
get your ship to the planet and landed properly."
	She turned to the tiny drone.  "Is he right?"  she whispered.
	"Yes, Princess.  The coolant is moving faster than anticipated.  
Our ventilation system seems to be malfunctioning as well."
	She said nothing for a long moment.
	"If you like, I can transport you to my ship, and you can 
hole up here until the automatic repair systems can clear it out."
	Ayeka said nothing.
	"Miss?"
	Still nothing.
	"Miss?  Are you all right?"
	Ayeka swallowed nervously.  "I suppose...I suppose I have 
little choice."
	"All right.  Stand by for transport."
	Ayeka braced herself as she felt the transport beam overcome 
her.  Ryu-Oh dissolved around her, and she found herself staring at 
the back of a dark haired man's head as he worked the controls.
	A computer interface much like Mihoshi's Yukinojo descended 
and faced her.  "Good morning.  Welcome aboard.  My name is Lina."
	Ayeka found herself smiling at the friendly voice.  "Ayeka.  
How do you do?"
	"So you *are* Princess Ayeka,"  the man said as he turned in 
his chair to face her.  He smiled at her.
	Ayeka took a deep breath.  "I am."
	The man turned back in his chair and picked up a data pad.  
He got up and approached her.  Ayeka found herself stepping back 
reflexively.  He stopped and held the pad out to her.  "The letter 
from your mother."  Ayeka reached out and took the pad from him.  
She examined it while the detective sat back down in his chair.
	The letter had all the proper codes and seals that would be 
included on a royal document, but how is it that came to this man's 
hands?  Her hand paused over the screen button that would display 
the letter.  Her hand clenched over it.  She left it unopened and 
addressed the GP.
	"You are Detective Mizuno?"  she asked.
	"Yes, Princess."
	She looked at him and raised the pad.  "How did you get this?"
	"It was given to me by your mother, Princess."
	"You've spoken to my mother?"
	He nodded.  "She's very worried about you.  She wants you to 
come home."
	Ayeka said nothing.  Then, "How long until I can return to my 
ship?"
	Toshio checked his board.  "Probably not for a few hours."
	"I see."
	She looked at the door behind her.  "Where is your partner?"
	Toshio smiled.  "Sitting on a beach on Agema Centauri.  She's 
on leave.  So am I, as a matter of fact,"  he told her, gesturing 
to the wrapped gifts lying on the floor near his feet and the empty 
wrapping paper rolls lying next to them.
	"So...we're alone," she said.
	Next to her, Lina made a noise as if clearing her throat.
	Toshio rolled his eyes.  "No, there's always Lina."
	Lina didn't waste time before ingratiating herself.  "Would 
you care for some refreshment, Princess?"
	"Actually, I'd like to freshen up a little."
	"Of course,"  Toshio told her.  "You can use my partner's room.  
I'm sure she wouldn't mind."
	"Thank you,"  she said quietly.
	"Lina, would you show her the way?"
	"Yes, Detective."  Lina's interface dome hung from the ceiling 
and moved on tracks that stretched throughout the ship.  She started 
down the corridor, Ayeka in tow.  The interface stopped before a 
door and used her connection to the computer to open it.  Ayeka 
stepped inside.
	"We'll be on the bridge if you require anything."  
	"Thank you,"  Ayeka said and shut the door.  She backed away 
from it a step, then stepped back and locked the door.  She sat down 
on the GP's bunk and took a breath.
	<I'll just wait here,>  she thought.

	"She seems...out of it,"  Lina commented.
	Toshio's face was expressionless.  "She's been through a lot."
	"Do you think she'll agree to return to Jurai?"
	He sighed.  "No way of knowing."
	"Illogical,"  Lina commented.
	"Jurain,"  Toshio corrected.  "Try to understand it from her 
view, Lina.  She's a Jurain princess.  She's taught that maintaining 
her dignity is paramount.  The last thing she wants to do is go and 
explain to her parents how that dignity was stripped from her."
	"Would they not understand?"
	"They'd understand,"  Toshio said, "But she'll never believe 
that."  He paused, then turned back to Lina.  "What's Ryu-Oh's 
status?"
	Lina shook her head in disbelief.  "The ship is pretty messed 
up, Detective.  Most of the systems are going haywire.  I don't 
understand why."
	"I think I do."
	Lina looked at him quizzically.
	"Jurain treeships have a direct bond to their owners."  He 
sighed.  "Ryu-Oh is acting as a reflection of Princess Ayeka's own 
mind right now."
	Lina turned her attention away from the conversation.  
Something was wrong.  "Detective, three Jurain heavy fighters just 
dropped out of hyperspace."
	Toshio blinked.  "Open a channel."  He waited for Lina's 
nonverbal cue and began.  "Jurain fighters, this is the Galaxy 
Police cruiser, Lina.  Please identify."
	"No response,"  Lina told him.
	"Attention Jurain fighters,"  Toshio started again.  "This 
is the Galaxy Police cruiser, Lina.  Please identify yourselves."
	"Their weapons are powering up,"  Lina told him.  "Targeting 
sensors active...Detective!  We're being pinged!"
	"Lina!  Haul ass!"	
	Toshio was pressed back in his seat as Lina's engines kicked 
in, hurtling the patrol ship forward.  He checked the screen showing 
him a view astern.  Three Jurain heavy fighters opened fire, their 
weapons tearing into Ryu-Oh.  The positron bolts ignited the coolant 
that had been spreading through the beleaguered ship.  The treeship 
began to come apart, finally dying in a tremendous explosion.
	It was at that moment that Ayeka came onto the bridge.  She 
stumbled slightly as she felt the mental connection to her tree 
being forcibly severed.  Suddenly, she felt more alone than she had 
in weeks.
	"Why are we moving!?  What do you think you're doing!?"
	Toshio didn't have time to answer.  The Jurain fighters were 
turning toward them now.
	"Detective,"  Lina began, "The fighters are faster and more 
heavily armed.  They are gaining. Estimate two minutes until their 
weapons come to bear."
	"Lina, let's make for that planet you spotted earlier.  If 
we can lead them into the atmosphere we'll have the advantage."
	"Altering course."
	"Detective!"  Ayeka cried.  "I demand to know what's going 
on!"
	"Take a seat, Princess!  This is going to get rough!"  This 
point was driven home as the Lina shuddered beneath them.  Ayeka 
looked up and out at the stars in front of them.  She saw blaster 
bolts shooting past them as the Jurain fighters tried to hit them.  
Ayeka sat in the co-pilot's chair and strapped in.
	"Atmosphere in ten seconds!"  Lina informed them.  Ayeka saw 
the surface of a green and blue planet move closer to them, she could 
see the disturbance in the air in front of them as Lina's shields 
parted the air in front of them.
	"Lina, are they following?!"  Toshio asked.
	The ship jerked to one side before the computer could answer.
	"I'll take that as a yes," he murmurred.
	"We're in the atmosphere!" Lina announced.  "Deploying wings!"  
Toshio looked at the panel in front of him which displayed Lina's 
current flight mode.  Lina was one of the new Tanto class patrol 
ships.  Included on the new class of ship was a feature which allowed 
for variable flight modes.  In space, she performed as any other 
patrol ship except slightly faster and more maneuverable.  In a 
planet's atmosphere, she could deploy wings and airfoils to provide 
for greater maneuverability.  Now, in an atmosphere, up against 
ships designed primarily for space combat, Lina had the edge.
	Toshio watched the ground hurtle toward them at an amazing 
speed.  Suddenly, the nose pulled up, and the ship flew level only 
thirty meters off the ground!  Blaster bolts struck the ground in 
front and to the sides of them, throwing dirt and debris into the air.  
The ground gave way to sea.  
	Lina bucked.  Toshio's head almost hit the panel in front of 
him.  "That wasn't a blaster, something hit us!"  The ship bucked 
again.  Toshio began typing commands into the control panel.  The 
view on his screen switched to one directly above the ship.  The 
sky was blotted out by the sight of the underside of one of the 
Jurain fighters.  The fighter dropped again, hitting them and 
causing the ship to buck again.
	"Lina!  Get this guy off us!"
	The ship bucked again, and Lina had had enough.  Without 
warning, she executed a neat roll to the right.  The carbon 
neutronium left wing struck the fighter and knocked it into ocean 
with a humongous splash.
	Caught by surprise, Ayeka screamed.  Toshio laughed in triumph.  
"Way to go, Lina!"
	Lina's interface winked.
	The ocean in front of them was struck by more blaster bolts, 
steam and water hit the front viewscreen.  Sea became jungle.  
Mountains could be seen in the distance.
	"Lina, how good are you at flying through rough terrain?"  
Toshio asked with a grin.
	"Excellent," she told him without a shred of false modesty.  
She took the cue and made for the mountains.  The ship shuddered 
from a near miss.  At this rate they wouldn't make the mountains.
	Toshio took the controls.  "Lina, give me the ship."
	"Yes, Detective."
	He checked the Heads Up Display and saw the Jurain fighters 
gaining.  Their maneuvering was sluggish in the thick atmoshpere.  
Toshio throttled down slightly, letting them get closer.  Then, 
without warning, he pulled the throttle back and hit the retros.  
Toshio and Ayeka were thrown forward against their restraints.  
They watched as the Jurain fighters shot out in front of them.
	Toshio engaged the weapons system and targeted the ship on 
the right.  He waited for the steady ping to announce a target lock 
then pulled the trigger on the flight stick.  A Stormhawk missile 
shot out from one of Lina's hardpoints beneath the ship and streaked 
toward the target.  The missile struck the ship dead on, detonating 
on impact.  Flaming wreckage fell from the sky, hitting the jungle 
canopy below.
	"The other one's coming around!"  Lina warned.  Toshio 
throttled up.  The ship bucked.  "Starboard engine has been hit!"  
Lina informed them.  "I'm on it!"
	"Great,"  Toshio muttered.  With one engine out, their speed 
was cut drastically.  The fighter would be able to walk all over 
them.  He saw a stone outcropping approaching in the distance, and 
inspiration struck.  "Lina, do we still have an aft tractor beam?"
	"Affirmative."
	"Target the fighter and standby."  Toshio set course for the 
outcropping and throttled the port engine as far as it would go.  
The fighter nestled in behind them and began to open fire.  The 
ship lurched again.  Alarms began to sound throughout the bridge.  
Toshio watched the screen as the outcropping hurtled closer.  It 
filled the screen now.  Toshio pushed the stick forward, intent on 
going beneath the jutting stone.  
	"Lina!  Tractor beam!"
	The blue beam shot out from the stern of the Lina and snared 
the fighter.  Toshio pulled the stick back as they cleared the rock, 
and Lina began to climb up the other side of the stone.  The 
struggling fighter was dragged with them, but had not yet cleared 
the rock.  It hit the stone ceiling and exploded.  The shockwave 
struck the Lina, and turned out to be the straw that broke the 
camel's back.  
	The alarms got louder.
	"We're going down!"  Lina shouted.
	Toshio looked forward and saw trees being sliced down by the 
Lina's deflectors as she hit the ground.  Beside him, Ayeka screamed.  
The screen went dark as a particularly large tree flew up and hit 
the front of the ship.  As Lina slowed to a stop, the lights went 
out.
	Toshio shook his head, trying to clear it.  That's when he 
heard Ayeka start to scream again.
	At first, he thought she had been injured in the landing.  It 
wasn't until she began forming coherent words that he realized what 
it was.
	"LET ME OUT!  GET ME OUT OF HERE!  PLEASE!  I CAN'T STAY HERE!  
PLEASE!  GET ME OUT!"
	Toshio struggled with his harness and finally managed to get 
it undone.  He got out of his chair and hit one of the tabs on his 
uniform.  The yellow lining on his shirt, jacket, and trousers began 
to glow a pale yellow.  The device was used primarily when an 
officer was injured and needed an aerial pick-up.  It didn't provide 
much illumination, but it was enough for now. 
	He saw Ayeka hyperventilating in the chair next to him, 
screaming for help.  He reached out and took her by the shoulders.  
	"Princess Ayeka!"  he cried.  "Princess Ayeka!"  She continued 
to scream.
	"Look at me!  Look at me!"  he ordered.  Ayeka's screams began 
to subside.  "You're safe,"  he said more softly.  She was still 
breathing hard, and it looked like she might start screaming again 
any second.  "Focus on me," he told her.  "Focus."
	Slowly, her breathing began to slow.
	"It's okay.  You're safe.  Focus."
	She swallowed and nodded slowly, tears were streaming down 
her face.
	"Lina,"  he called out.  "I know you're not dead.  You're too 
arrogant to go out like this."
	"Why, so I am,"  the computer replied.  Two eyes began to 
glow in the dark as Lina's interface came back online.
	"Give me the bad news."
	Lina did a damage assessment.  "The damage is widespread, but 
repairable with the automated repair systems.  We're looking at 
about fourteen hours of downtime until we can lift off again and 
make a hyperspace jump."
	"How's the scope?"
	"Clear.  No radar or lidar signals.  Doppler is clean."
	"Atmospheric conditions?"
	Lina scanned the air around their ship.  "Breathable."
	"Okay," he said, turning back to Ayeka. "Let's go outside, 
get some air.  How about that?"  he asked.  Ayeka nodded slowly.

	When Ayeka got outside, she took several deep breaths, just 
glad to be out of that dark, cramped coffin of a ship.  She wiped 
her eyes with her hand and tried to compose herself.  She heard 
something mechanical behind her and turned to see several repair 
bots emerging from alcoves all over Lina's hull.  They moved towards 
areas of damage and set about with repairs.
	Now that she got a good look at it, Lina didn't look much 
like Mihoshi's Yukinojo or Kiyone's Yagami.  It was rather different 
as a matter of fact.  Her stomach rose up in her throat as a 
frightening idea occurred to her.
	What if this *wasn't* a Galaxy Police cruiser?
	What if those fighters weren't trying to hurt her, but were 
trying to *rescue* her?
	What if Detective Mizuno was not what he claimed to be?
	She saw him exit the ship and take a deep breath.  She watched 
him suspisciously, fearfully.  He gave her a gentle smile.
	"Well, I guess we'll be dining outside," he said.  "The 
inside's a mess."
	Lina's annoyed voice could be heard from inside.  "Yeah, well, 
while I'm repairing myself, you *could* be cleaning up inside, ya 
know!"
	Toshio rolled his eyes and grinned.  "But Lina,"  he said, 
"I'd never be able to do it as good as *you* can."  
	From inside the ship, Ayeka heard Lina grumble and mutter 
something about, "lazy sentients."
	Toshio laughed.
	"I want to see some identification,"  Ayeka told him quickly.
	Toshio blinked.  "All right."  He reached into his pocket and 
removed his badge.  He offered it to her.  She reached out and took 
it quickly.  She activated the pen-shaped device and watched as a 
thin, metal rod unfolded, locking into a ninety degree angle with 
the original part. From this rod dropped a clear plastic curtain.  
Detective Mizuno's I.D. appeared there.  She read over it twice, 
looking for some hint of a forgery.  She couldn't find any.
	"Satisfied?"  he asked.
	Ayeka didn't answer.  She deactivated the pen and handed it 
back to him.  "Who attacked us?"  she asked.
	Toshio shrugged.  "Hard to say.  They were flying Jurain 
fighters, but that's not saying much."  He sat down on the jungle 
floor with his back resting against Lina's hull.  "You can get a 
lot of Jurain military equipment on the black market.  Coulda been 
pirates or smugglers."
	"Pirates or smugglers,"  Ayeka repeated, not believing it 
for a second.
	She looked around at the lush, green jungle around them.  
Behind Lina there was a half mile path of destruction, uprooted 
trees and displaced soil from where the ship had skidded to a stop.  
She regarded the detective warily, her eyes not leaving him as she 
walked over to another section of the Lina and sat down, her back 
also resting against the hull, but where Toshio did it for rest, 
she did it to make sure he wouldn't be able to somehow sneak up 
behind her.  
	They stayed that way for awhile.  There wasn't much else to 
do.  Ayeka didn't want to make chit chat, so she just sat there and 
watched him as he rested against Lina's gray hull.
	"You know," he said finally, "If you're bored, you could 
always read that letter your mom sent."
	She blinked.  "I'll read it later," she told him quickly.
	"Liar," he commented.
	"Excuse me?!"
	"You have no intention of reading that letter."
	Ayeka balked in astonishment.  "And just how would *you* 
know what I want to do or not?!"
	"You really should read it,"  he told her, avoiding her 
question.
	"I'll read it later," she bit out, becoming very irritated 
with the detective.
	"Okay," he said simply.  "Lina, you busy?"
	"What the hell do you think?!"  Lina's annoyed voice came 
through the open hatch.
	Toshio grinned.  "I was just wondering if you had enough power 
to play a little Zotolas music."
	"Zotolas music?!"  Lina bit back.  "I'm trying to gather my 
pieces together into a cohesive tactical patrol and pursuit ship, 
and you want to listen to *Zotolas music*!?"
	Toshio shrugged.  "Okay, Lina."  He sighed.  "I didn't 
honestly think you could do it anyway."
	Lina growled.  A few seconds later, a cheery sounding song 
came through the hatch.  Toshio grinned.  "Thank you, Lina."
	"Shut up," she grumbled.  "I'm busy!"
	Toshio laughed.
	After a few minutes, Ayeka spoke up.  "What...what kind of 
music is this?"  she asked.  
	Toshio arched an eyebrow.  "Zotolas.  It's a Llewecian holiday.  
Presents, feasting, thanksgiving and good cheer.  You know, that 
kind of thing."
	Ayeka didn't reply immediately.  "Like Startica," she said 
finally.
	He shrugged.  "Kinda."
	"Or Christmas."
	Toshio looked at her quizzically.  "Never heard of it."
	"It's an Earth holiday.  Celebrated in winter."  She didn't 
say anything else.
	He decided to try to draw her out a little.  "Zotolas is 
celebrated in the fall on my world.  The Zoto tree, our national 
symbol loses the last of its leaves one day before the new ones 
sprout.  The time inbetween is reserved for celebrating life.  In 
the old days, it was done to encourage the Zoto tree to sprout, to 
convince it to remain with us by showing it the warmth of our hearts 
and our love for it's red leaves.  It's become a little 
commercialized since then, but it's still a lot of fun."
	Ayeka said nothing.  Finally, she spoke again.  "You were on 
your way there, to your family, when they told you to find me."  
It wasn't a question.
	He nodded.  "Yeah," he said as if it were no big deal.
	"I'm...sorry."
	He smiled.  "No problem, Princess.  I'm just glad I found 
you before *they* did."
	Ayeka shuddered.  "What do we do now?"
	Toshio shrugged.  "Take you back to Jurai, I guess."
	She swallowed nervously as a lump formed in her throat.  
"I...I don't want to go back."
	He looked at her and sighed.  He understood how she felt, but 
what could he do?  Queen Misaki wanted her back on Jurai.  But if 
he dragged her back against her will, when she wasn't *ready* to 
go back, what could it do to her?
	Jurain fighters.
	Someone had gone after her with Jurain military equipment.  
That meant one of two things.  One:  whoever was after her purchased 
stolen Jurain equipment.  Two:  whoever was after her *had access* 
to Jurain military equipment.
	He looked over at her.  Either way, she was in danger, and 
that danger would try to find her on Jurai.
	He came to a decision.
	"If you like," he began, "You can come with me to Llewecia."  
She looked up at him and blinked in surprise.  "I'm sure my family 
wouldn't mind it if you spent Zotolas with us.  They'd make you 
feel at home."
	Ayeka thought on this.  Her earlier fears welled up again.
	What choice did she have?  
	She could go back to Jurai and try to face the shame in her 
parents' eyes.
	Or she could go to Llewecia with a total stranger.
	She rested her head against Lina's hull and closed her eyes 
momentarily, listening to the music coming from Lina's hatch.  
Toshio didn't press her.  He sat back and decided to get some sleep.  
He woke up several hours later to the gentle sound of Lina's voice...
	"GET UP, DAMMIT!  WHAT AM I, YOUR ALARM CLOCK!?"
	Toshio sputtered awake and threw a look at the open hatch.  
Lina's AI interface was glaring angrily at him.
	"What?" he asked, yawning.
	"I'm done with the repairs.  I'm leaving.  Do you want to 
come, or would you like to stay here and swing from the trees like 
a damn ape-man?"
	"Okay!  Okay!  I'm up!  Zoto's white tree, calm down!"  He got 
up and stretched.  Yawning again, he shook his head and wiped away 
the crust in his eyes.
	"Detective?"
	He blinked and looked at Ayeka, who was still sitting next to 
the ship.  "Yes, Princess?"
	"I...I'd like to come with you."

	"Absolutely not!"
	"Your Majesty, please,"  Toshio begged from Lina' bridge.  
"Try to understand that your daughter is going through a very 
emotional time right now.  I think it would be dangerous to force 
her to come back to Jurai, especially after what I've seen 
recently."
	Misaki's face on the screen was livid.  "I shoul..."  
Standing next to her, the Marshall raised a hand, beckoning her 
to be silent a moment.  
	"Please explain, Detective," he ordered.
	"Sir, the ships that attacked us were Jurain heavy fighters."
	"That explains nothing!"  Misaki shot back.
	"True,"  Toshio said, "But I might also point out that their 
first act upon jumping out of hyperspace was to destroy Ryu-Oh."
	"What's your point, Detective?"  Misaki said dangerously.  
Meanwhile, the Marshal's face showed realization as he figured out 
Toshio's point for himself.
	"My point, Your Majesty, is that their goal was not to board 
Ryu-Oh and strip it of anything valuable like a pirate would do, 
but to destroy it as quickly as they possibly could...and kill all 
aboard."
	Misaki was silent.
	"They showed up barely an hour after I arrived," he told them.  
"They knew exactly where she was, they had Jurain equipment, and 
it was from a Jurain source, the SIS, that you knew where to send 
me to find her."  He took a breath.  "Someone inside the Jurain 
government wants her dead."
	Misaki was fumed in silent rage.  The Marshal hmm'd in thought.  
"And your recommendation is to take the Princess somewhere else, 
to hide her."
	Toshio nodded.  "Until this can be sorted out, yes, Sir."
	The Marshal nodded.  "I see no reason to order you against 
this plan.  Misaki?"
	Misaki took a breath.  "I will conduct an investigation.  Even 
so, I want Detective Mizuno to have help.  Can you send more 
officers to meet them at their destination?"
	"Detective?"  the Marshal asked.
	Toshio thought about it.  Even with his experience in these 
kind of matters, he wasn't what Ayeka needed, a psychologist.  A 
thought occurred to him.  "What's Lieutenant Mitsuki doing the next 
couple of weeks?"
	The Marshal checked his computer.  "She's on Morphia right 
now.  Do you want me to send her out to you?"
	"Wait,"  Misaki said.  "Who is Lieutenant Mitsuki?"
	Toshio answered her.  "She's a fellow officer, one that I 
trust implicitly.  Not only that, she has a degree in psychology 
with an emphasis on sexual battery.  She could be instrumental 
here."
	Misaki bit her lip and nodded.
	"Morphia is rather distant from Llewecia.  It'll take her 
almost five days to reach you."
	"We'll be there in one,"  Toshio told him.
	The Marshal nodded.  "Very well, Detective.  I'll issue the 
orders to Lieutenant Mitsuki.  You can expect her in five days.  
In the meantime, you are ordered to protect the Princess Ayeka at 
all costs.  Her safety is paramount, *not* conducting an 
investigation.  I don't want to hear of you leaving her to chase 
after a lead.  Understood?"
	"Yes, Sir."
	Misaki stepped forward.  "Detective, first I want to say, 
'thank you.'  I want you to know that I appreciate what you're 
trying to do."  Toshio smiled.  "That said,"  Misaki continued, 
"If *anything* happens to her...I'll *find* you."  Toshio paled 
slightly.
	"Understood, Your Majesty."
	Misaki smiled.  "Good, now I want to speak to my daughter."
	Toshio bit his lip and threw a look at the closed door that led 
to the aft cabins.  "I'm...afraid that's impossible, Your Majesty."
	Misaki's eyes narrowed.  "I beg your pardon."
	Toshio took a breath.  "She doesn't *want* to talk to you, 
Your Majesty."
	Misaki was livid.  "What do you mean, she doesn't want to talk 
to me?!  I'm her mother!"
	"I know that, but..."  He tried to find a way to explain it.  
"She's...It's hard to explain.  The point is, she doesn't want to 
face you, and I don't think we should push her."
	"She's my daughter, Detective,"  Misaki said dangerously.
	Toshio had no intention of being intimidated by the matron.  
"Your Majesty," he began respectfully, but firmly, "Do *you* have 
a degree in psychology?"  Misaki said nothing.  "Neither do I," he 
told her.  "But Lieutenant Mitsuki does.  When I meet her in five 
days, if she tells me to drag Ayeka to the comm kicking and 
screaming for *her* benefit, then that's what I'll do.  Agreed?"
	Misaki took a breath and nodded.
	"All right," he said.
	"In the meantime,"  the Marshal said, "We'll work on finding 
the mole in the Jurain government.  Good luck, Detective."
	"Thank you, Sir."  Their images disappeared off the screen.  
Toshio sat back in his chair and sighed.  "Now, for the hard part," 
he whispered.  The door opened behind him, and Ayeka entered.
	"How did it go?"  she asked quietly.
	"Your mother grumbled about it,"  Toshio told her, "But she 
agrees it's a good idea for you to lay low for awhile."
	Ayeka nodded.
	He sighed again.  "Okay, Lina," he said, "Back into battle.  
Patch me through to Llewecia.  I need to speak to my mother."
	Ayeka swallowed nervously.  "If this is an inconvenience for 
your family..." she began.  Toshio looked at her.  She was begging 
him silently to say it wasn't.  He could tell.
	He smiled.  "Hell, no, Princess.  My mother will adore you."  
He arched an eyebrow as he turned to the screen.  "It's *me* she's 
disappointed in," he muttered.
	Ayeka blinked at this.  Suddenly, the view screen came to life, 
revealing a middle-aged, dark-haired woman smiling at them.
	"Toshi!"  she cried happily.
	Toshio put on a smile.  "Hey, Mom.  Happy Zotolas."
	"Happy Zotolas!"  Her smile was replaced by a frown.  "You're 
not calling to tell me you're not coming home, are you?"
	"No, Mom. I'm on my way, and I should be there in less than 
a day."
	"Wonderful!"
	"Um..Mom...I'm calling to tell you that I'm bringing home a 
friend to spend the holidays with us."
	Toshio's mother's eyes widened as she noticed Ayeka standing 
behind him for the first time.  She smiled.  
	"Toshi!  You're finally bringing a girl home!  I'm so happy!"
	"MOTHER!"  Toshio cried.  "It's not like that at all!"	
	She looked Ayeka up and down.  "Well, why not!?  What's wrong 
with her!?"
	"Mother!  She's just a friend!  Why do you do this *every* 
year!?"
	"What?!"  Mrs. Mizuno asked innocently.  "I just want to see 
some grandchildren scampering under Zoto's tree before I die!  
What's wrong with that!?"
	Toshio rubbed his temples.  "Nothing, Mom," he bit out.  "But 
you don't have to remind me every year when I come home."
	Mrs. Mizuno waved the statement aside.  "Yeah, yeah, yeah," 
she said quickly.  "So, what's her name?"
	Toshio thought quickly.  "Ameko."
	"How do you do, Ameko?"
	Ayeka tried on a smile.  "I'm okay, Mrs. Mizuno.  How are 
you?"
	"Fine, child, fine.  Well, Toshi, if you're going to be here 
soon, then I guess that means you'll be here for dinner tomorrow?"  
There was something in her voice that made Toshio worry.
	"I guess so.  Why?"
	"Weeeeeeelllllll,"  she drawled out.  "I was talking to 
Sachiko the other day and it turns out Kazeko is coming home from 
the Science Academy for Zotolas, so I invited them to dinner..."  
	Toshio rolled his eyes.  "Zoto's White Tree, Mom."
	"Come on, Toshi!"  Mrs. Mizuno begged.  "She's a nice girl!  
And I think she likes you!"
	"Mom!  We'll be there tomorrow, okay?"
	Mrs. Mizuno sighed and nodded.
	"I'll see you then."  With that, he broke the connection and 
buried his head in his hands.  "It's only once a year.  It's only 
once a year,"  he kept repeating to himself.  Ayeka smiled and began 
to giggle.
	Toshio looked up in shock.  
	"She seems nice,"  Ayeka said as the laughter trailed off.
	Toshio rolled his eyes.  "She seems to think I'm lonely."
	"Hmm,"  was her only reply.  "Ameko?"  she asked.
	He shrugged.  "Purple hair and the name, 'Ayeka,' tends to 
draw attention," he told her.
	She nodded.
	"Well,"  Toshio told her.  "We should be there in...Lina?"
	"Eighteen hours...Toshi."  She snickered.
	Toshio's eyes narrowed.  "Just fly the ship, Lina."
	
	Eightteen hours later, Lina was coasting gracefully through 
the atmosphere of Llewecia.  Ayeka looked out the cockpit window and 
saw a cold, dreary looking place.  The trees were a reddish brown 
color, dead leaves covering the ground.  They passed over houses 
with white smoke pouring from the chimneys.  It *looked* cold.
	Emphasizing this point, Toshio handed her a GP flight jacket.  
"It's a little chilly this time of year," he told her with a smile.  
She took the jacket and put it on over her kimono.
	"Thank you," she said somewhat distantly as she looked out the 
window.  The city they were flying over was small, but quaint.  She 
blinked as they flew past the spaceport.
	"Where are we going?"  she asked quickly.
	He smiled.  "My parents' place."
	"I thought you said your parents lived here," she said.  "We 
just passed the spaceport!"
	"There's a private pad on the estate," he told her simply.
	"Estate?"
	"Mmm hmm," he replied, leaning back in his chair.
	She looked out the window and saw a mansion surrounded by 
more red-brown trees in the distance.  Lina began to slow.
	"*That's* your family's place?"  she asked.
	He nodded.  "Yup.  Castle Mizuno, or so my father likes to 
call it."  Ayeka blinked at it.  "We probably won't see him this 
year, though.  Business trouble on Caldor Prime."  
	It was a large home, tiny compared to her palace on Jurai, 
but mammoth compared to the other houses she had seen on this planet 
so far.  There were stables off to one side, and a fountain sprayed 
water thirty feet into the air in front of the front door.  As 
Lina approached the landing pad, Ayeka saw several figures standing 
off to the side, waiting for them.  
	Lina made contact with the ground with a "clunk."  Toshio 
set about deactivating the flight systems. 
	"Okay," he said when he was finished.  "Let's go."
	The hatch opened and Toshio started down, Ayeka followed 
slowly behind him.  She watched as a thirteen year old girl ran 
forward and leaped into his arms.  
	"Toshi!"  she cried.
	"Misato!  You're getting so big!"  A few seconds later, an 
eight year boy with black hair ran up to him.  Toshio put the girl, 
Misato, down and gave the boy a crisp GP salute.  The boy saluted 
him in return.  "Well Cadet Kaouru, give me your report."
	"All quiet, Detective.  Nothing to report."  Toshio smiled 
and hugged the kid.  
	Mrs. Mizuno chose that moment to run up and hug her son.  
"Happy Zotolas!"  she said.  
	Then Ayeka noticed the moveable mountain standing behind her.  
She blinked in shock.  He must have stood nine feet tall and at 
least four wide.  He was covered in coarse, grey fur, and his eyes 
glowed a deep red.  It stuck a paw out and addressed Toshio.
	"Yuntaro glad see Master Toshio again."  
	Toshio clasped the monster's paw.  "How've you been, Yuntaro?"
	"Yuntaro well."
	Kaouru was busy looking Lina up and down.  "Wow, Toshio!  Is 
this *your* spaceship?!"
	Lina stuck her AI interface out the door and snorted 
derisively.  "'Spaceship,'"  she repeated, "What a *quaint* way 
to refer to the most advanced tactical pursuit ship Galaxy Police 
R and D ever put out!"  
	Kaouru blinked.  "Wow!  It *talks*!"
	Toshio grinned.  "Careful, Kaouru," he warned.  "If you're 
not polite, she'll *eat* you."
	Lina glared at the detective and growled.  She turned back 
to the young boy, determined to make a good impression despite 
Toshio's attempts to malign her.  "Hi there," she said cheerily.  
"My name's Lina."
	"I'm Kaouru."  He turned back to Toshio.  "Hey, Toshio!  Can 
I check out your ship?!"
	Toshio waved him on.  "Go ahead.  Just remember, you break it, 
you bought it!"
	"Yes, Sir, Detective!"  Kaouru ran up Lina's ramp and 
disappeared inside.  Lina's eyes went wide, and she quickly followed 
him.
	"Careful there, CAREFUL!"  Sounds of clattering and something 
breaking came through the hatch.  
	Mrs. Mizuno walked up to Ayeka.  "We didn't get much of a 
chance to speak earlier," she said.  "You're Ameko, right?"
	Ayeka nodded.  "Yes, Mrs. Mizuno.  How are you?"
	Mrs. Mizuno waved the title aside.  "Call me Kamiko.  We're 
all friends here."  
	Ayeka smiled slightly.  "Very well, Kamiko."
	"Oh, yeah!  Introductions!"  Toshio said, slapping his 
forehead with the palm of his hand.  "Ameko, I'd like you to meet 
my mother, Kamiko; my sister, Misato; and the young boy tormenting 
Lina is my little brother, Kaouru."  He pointed at Yuntaro.  "And 
this is Yuntaro, my mother's bodyguard."  Yuntaro bowed to Ayeka.
	"It's nice to meet you,"  Misato said with a bow.  She was a 
happy little girl.  She wore a white fur hat over her dark hair, 
and her blue eyes seemed to sparkle with youthful innocence.  Ayeka 
saw a little of herself there.
	<What I *used* to be...>  she thought sadly.
	"Everyone,"  Toshio said, "This is Ameko."
	Ayeka bowed.  "It's nice to meet all of you."
	"Toshio, did you bring me anything?!"  Misato asked.
	Toshio picked the little girl up and gave her a kiss on the 
forehead.  "No presents before the last leaf falls," he told her.  
"You know the rules."
	"NO!  WAIT!  DON'T TOUCH THAT!"  Lina's frazzled voice poured 
out of the hatch followed by the sound of something made of glass 
breaking.
	"Well,"  Kamiko said, "Come inside before the two of you 
catch your deaths!"

	Kamiko led them to the living room.  A fire roared in the 
large fireplace.  Directly in front of it, the skin and fur of a 
large, white animal lay on the floor, it's fangs were barred in a 
threatening manner.  In the center of the room was a large tree.  
It's branches held only a few leaves, the rest lay on the floor 
beneath it, partially obscuring wrapped gifts.  Yuntaro stood next 
to the door.
	"Have a seat, have a seat,"  Kamiko begged them.  "I want to 
hear all about your trip."  She turned to a well dressed butler.  
"Mamoru, coffee and brandy please."  The butler bowed and set about 
his task.  Toshio and Ayeka sat on the couch while Kamiko sat on 
the chair directly opposite of them.  Misato had stayed outside and 
was helping Kaouru make Lina's life a nightmare.  "Now then," she 
said, "I want to hear everything."
	"Well..."  Toshio began.
	"Shhh!"  she told him.  "I was talking to Ameko."  Toshio 
blinked.
	Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "Um...well...there isn't much to 
tell..."  she said.
	"Well, how did you meet?"
	Toshio raised a hand.  "Um...Mom..."
	"Shhh!"  she repeated, then turned her attention back to 
Ayeka with a smile.  Mamoru returned and set three cups of coffee 
before them as well as three snifters of brandy.
	"Well," Ayeka went on, unsure of herself, "Det..Toshio saved 
me from a group of pirates..."
	"My son is very heroic,"  Kamiko agreed.
	"Moth..."
	"Shhh!"
	Toshio rolled his eyes and remained silent.
	"Go on, dear,"  Kamiko told Ayeka, reaching out and patting 
her hand reassuredly.
	"Well, after that...we...er...You see, we..."
	"She works at HQ,"  Toshio supplied quickly.
	"Shhh!"
	Ayeka took the cue and ran with it.  "Yes, after that, I got 
a job at the Galaxy Police, and we've known each other since."
	"That's wonderful.  Now tell me, dear, are you married?"
	"MOT..."
	"SHHH!"
	"Er...no."
	Kamiko smiled.  "Really?"  she asked innocently.
	Toshio opened his mouth to speak...
	"SHHH!"
	Toshio closed his mouth.
	"Um...I'm sorry,"  Ayeka said, "Is there somewhere I can go 
to freshen up?"
	"Of course, dear.  Let me show you to your room."  She stood 
up and began to lead Ayeka up the stairs.
	"Perha..."
	"Shhh!"  Kamiko said one last time.  Then, she started up 
the stairs.  Toshio sighed and layed back on the couch.
	"It's only once a year.  It's only once a year.  It's only 
once a...."

	"This will be your room,"  Kamiko told her with a smile as 
she opened the door.  Ayeka entered and blinked.  It was quite large 
and comfortable.  The bed looked soft.  Kamiko stepped forward and 
flung the curtains on the two large windows open, revealing a view 
of the forest outside.  "There," she said, clapping her hands 
together.  "Much better."  She pointed at door on the other side 
of the room.  "The bathroom is in there.  I'll have Mamoru bring 
your luggage up."
	"Luggage?"  Ayeka asked and realized for the first time that 
everything she owned had been destroyed on Ryu-Oh.
	"Is there a problem, dear?"  Kamiko asked her.
	"Well...sort of,"  Ayeka told her.  "You see, I don't have 
any luggage."
	Kamiko blinked.
	"You see, there was a problem on the ship, and my luggage was 
destroyed."
	Kamiko's mouth dropped.  "You mean you have nothing else to 
wear?"
	Ayeka nodded in embarrassment.
	"Well!  We'll just have to fix that!"  Kamiko said with 
determination.  "You, me, and Misato are going shopping...today."
	Ayeka blinked.  "No, really, I couldn't impose upo..."
	"Shh!"
	Ayeka broke off her argument with a start.
	"No arguments!"  Kamiko told her.  "We'll set you up.  End 
of discussion."
	Ayeka sighed.  "All right.  Thank you, Mrs. Mizuno."
	Kamiko smiled.  "You're quite welcome, dear."
	"Mrs. Mizuno?"
	"Yes, dear?"
	Ayeka bit her lip for a moment.  "Would it be all right....if 
Toshio came with us?"
	Kamiko grinned devilishly.  "Why, my dear, I was about to 
suggest the very same thing."
	
	"What is this?!"
	Misaki looked up and saw the pink haired fop her husband had 
betrothed to Ayeka without consulting her.  Count Seiryo was 
holding a datapad in his hands.  The only words Misaki could make 
out on it were, "Galaxy Police Incident Report."  His expression 
was one of angered annoyance.  Standing next to him, a younger noble 
with light orange hair looked sheepish.  
	Misaki grit her teeth and turned back to the two men she had 
been talking to.  "Thank you, Lord Akita, keep me posted."  The 
elderly director of the Jurain SIS bowed and turned, his silent 
bodyguard fell into step beside him.  Misaki turned to the arrogant 
noble.
	"Yes, Count Seiryo?"
	"I demand to know what this is about!  Why was I not 
informed?!"
	Misaki's eyes blazed in anger.  She knew *exactly* what Seiryo 
was referring to.  "You were not informed because I saw no need to 
inform you,"  she told him acidly.  Seiryo opened his mouth to 
continue, but Misaki cut him off.  "And you will say nothing of 
this to *anyone*.  Your life is forfeit if you do.  Do you 
understand?"
	Seiryo closed his mouth and nodded.  "Very well, Your Majesty.  
I will say nothing."
	"Good,"  Misaki hissed.  She waved him away.  "You may go."  
Seiryo bristled at the rude treatment, but left without another 
word.  The younger man stayed behind.
	"I must apologize for my brother's behavior, Your Majesty,"  
the man said once Seiryo was out of earshot.  "I fear his attitude 
casts a shadow of shame on our house.  If it means anything, our 
hopes and prayers are with the Princess."
	Misaki sighed, her angry expression softened.  "Thank you, 
Masao.  I realize he doesn't speak for you or your family...even 
if he *does* speak for your house."
	"I fear Seiryo is just suffering from exhaustion.  The trade 
trip he has recently been on has left him drained, and the GP report 
took him by surprise."
	Misaki grimaced and turned.  "How many know?"
	"My brother, myself, and the intelligence agent who brought 
us the report."
	She bit her lip.  "Pay off the agent.  No one must know."
	"Of course."  He stepped forward and rested his hand on the 
matron's shoulder.  "If there is *anything* I can do..."
	Misaki smiled at him.  "Masao, when Azusa told me he had 
betrothed Ayeka to someone in your house, a part of me prayed it 
was you, even though I knew it would be against Ayeka's wishes.  
Thank you."
	Masao smiled reassuredly.  "You know where to find me."  With 
that, he turned and left the room.

	"Well,"  Kamiko said as she entered the house and took off 
her coat, "I can't believe how heavy traffic was!  It was murder 
out there!"  
	Following behind her, Ayeka blinked and took off her own coat.  
It hadn't been *that* bad, considering they had been riding in the 
back seat of a limousine.  Misato and Kaouru entered and ran 
straight to the vid screen to play video games.  
	Trailing in behind them, their arms overloaded with packages, 
Toshio and Yuntaro struggled to see over the mountain of boxes in 
their arms.
	Kamiko saw the problem and approached Toshio.  "Here, dear, 
let me help you with that."  She reached up and took a small box 
off the top of the pile.
	"Thanks, Mom,"  Toshio gasped.  "'Preciate it."  He managed 
to get the packages to couch where he deposited them quickly before 
they dropped on their own.  Yuntaro followed a second later.
	"Mamoru!  Where the devil are you?!"  Kamiko sighed.  
"Probably off getting sozzled again," she muttered.  "Excuse me, 
dears, I'll be right back."  She started for the kitchen, Yuntaro 
lumbering behind her.
	"Well,"  Toshio said with a slight smile, "You and Mom 
certainly hit it off."  He gestured to the boxes.  "I haven't seen 
her go on a spree like this in years."
	Ayeka cleared her throat nervously.  "Yes, well, she was so 
insistent about it, I felt it would be insulting..." she trailed off.  
"I'm sorry," she said finally.
	Toshio blinked.  "No need to be sorry, Princess..."
	"Please don't call me that."
	"What?"
	She looked up at him.  "I don't want to be called that," she 
repeated.  "Not while I'm here.  Call me Ayeka...or Ameko if you 
must, but I don't want to be addressed by my title."
	Toshio nodded.  "All right, Ayeka.  You keep calling me, 
'Toshio,' alright?"  She nodded.   "Okay."
	There was an awkard pause.  Finally, Ayeka spoke again.  "You 
never told me, what kind of business does your family run?"
	Toshio smiled.  "Zerris gas mining."  She arched an eyebrow.  
"It's one of the key ingredients in hyperspace fuel.  My great, 
great, grandfather found the gas vein, and my family's been living 
here ever since."
	"I see."
	"Well,"  Toshio began, "Um...How about I help you get this 
stuff to your room?"  Ayeka nodded absently.  Toshio set about 
gathering up packages.  Ayeka picked up what she could and followed 
him up the stairs.
	"Um...Toshio?"  she began.  "Can I ask you a question?"
	"Sure,"  he called back.
	"Why are you in the GP?"  
	Toshio paused.  "What do you mean?"
	"I mean, why are you in a thankless job like the Galaxy 
Police?  Wouldn't your father want you to be in the Zerris business?"
	"Watch your step," he warned her, lightly tapping the top step 
with his shoe for emphasis.  "This board is loose."  Ayeka stepped 
over the board and continued to follow him.
	He stopped outside her room and opened the door, carefully 
shifting the packages around so he could reach the door knob.  The 
door swung open, and they went inside.  Toshio put the packages on 
the bed, then turned and helped Ayeka with her's.
	"Thank you," she said.  She watched him for a moment, not 
saying anything.
	"Well...I'll just go, then..."  He started toward the door.
	Ayeka bit her lip nervously and came to a decision.  
"Could..." She took a breath and tried again.  "Could you stay?" 
she asked.  He looked up at her and blinked.
	"Are you sure you're comfortable..."
	"I...I would like you to stay, Toshio.  I would like someone 
to talk to."
	Toshio nodded slowly.  He understood the kind of position 
Ayeka was in.  She was scared to be with people and scared to be 
alone, and she wasn't sure which was worse.  He wondered if this 
was a good sign.
	"All right," he told her.  "What would you like to talk 
about?"
	She went to the bed and began opening boxes.  Most of them 
contained clothing Kamiko had insisted on buying for her.  She 
took some of them and went to the closet.  Toshio looked down and 
picked up a burgundy-colored gown.
	"This one is nice," he told her, trying to make conversation.
	She saw which one he had picked up and nodded.  "Yes.  Your 
mother told me I would need one.  She said something about company 
coming over."
	Toshio sighed.  "Yes, Ms. Sachiko and Kazeko."
	"Family friends?"  she asked.
	He nodded.  "Sort of.  Sachiko's family has been wealthy for 
thirteen generations.  As such she considers my family to be, 'new 
money.'"  He laughed.  "If it wasn't for Kazeko, my mother wouldn't 
give her the time of day."
	"Kazeko is her daughter?"  Ayeka asked as she hung another 
dress in the closet.
	Toshio nodded.  "First time they met, Kazeko totally charmed 
my mother.  I guess because she reminded her so much of Mar..."  He 
broke off.  "Yeah, she's okay," he finished finally.  Ayeka paused 
and looked at him.  
	"I see."
	Toshio looked up at her.  "Did you read the letter?"
	She turned from him.  "I really wish you'd stop pressing me 
about that damn letter," she told him.
	"I'm sorry.  I just think..."
	"Thank you, Detective, but I think I would like to be alone 
for awhile."
	Toshio paused.  "Of course," he said quietly.  He walked out 
the door and closed it behind him.

	Dinner turned out to be a quiet affair.  Sachiko and her 
daughter arrived as Ayeka was descending the stairs in her new dress.  
She saw Kamiko greet the two.  Sachiko was a plump woman with 
blue-white hair.  She and Kamiko gave each other kisses on either 
cheek, but Kamiko really brightened when she hugged Kazeko.  The 
blonde returned the matron's hug.  Ayeka arched an eyebrow.  She was 
attractive despite the pair of glasses she wore.  Her blonde hair 
hung just above her shoulders.  The red dress she wore was 
flattering but dignified.
	Kamiko looked up and smiled when she saw Ayeka.  "Ah, Ameko!  
Come, dear, come.  I'd like you to meet Sachiko Hanayama and her 
daughter, Kazeko.  Sachiko, Kazeko, this is Ameko, a friend of 
Toshio's.  She's staying with us for Zotolas."
	Sachiko smiled and shook Ayeka's hand.  Kazeko followed a 
second later.  As Kazeko shook her hand, she looked past Ayeka and 
smiled.  
	"Hello, Detective," she said, smiling.
	"Miss Hanayama,"  Toshio greeted her as he came down the 
stairs.  "How's the Science Academy?"  His uniform was replaced by 
a dark, Llewecian suit, stylish on that planet.
	Kazeko's face adopted an expression of annoyance.  "Exhausting.  
You wouldn't believe the kind of pressure the professors put on 
their students!"  She approached Toshio and gave him a quick hug.  
"So how's the life of saving the universe from notorious criminals?"
	He shrugged.  "Eh, it's a job."
	Kamiko was right there to make sure he didn't get away *that* 
easily.  "My son has been pirate hunting."
	Toshio muttered through clenched teeth.  "Mother..."
	"Really?"  Kazeko asked with interest.
	"Well, it's..."
	Kamiko was nodding.  "Yes, he saved Ameko's life."
	Kazeko's eyes widened.
	"Mom, I think Mamoru's drinking again.  Perhaps you should 
check on him."
	Kamiko smiled uncomfortably.  "Er....excuse me."  She dashed 
off in search of the butler.  Toshio heaved a sigh of relief.
	Kazeko wasn't willing to let him go just yet.  "I'd like to 
hear about it," she began.
	"Over dinner, Kazeko,"  Sachiko told her.  "Speaking of which, 
Detective...."
	"Um...yes, of course."  He gestured to the kitchen and began 
to walk.  "If you'll follow me..."
	"So, Ameko,"  Kazeko began, falling into step alongside Ayeka.  
"How do you and Toshio know each other?"
	Ayeka regarded Kazeko critically.  <She's as fast and loose 
as Ryoko ever was,>  she observed silently.  
	"He saved my life.  My ship was attacked by pirates, and he 
was there to pull me out."
	"Your accent,"  Sachiko observed, "Jurain?"
	Ayeka nodded.  "Yes, Ms. Hanayama."
	"Where abouts?"
	Ayeka paused.  "The capital."  This was true, given that the 
Royal Palace was located there.
	Kamiko was waiting for them in the dining room.  Mamoru, 
looking rather beaten, was pulling her chair out for her.  Toshio 
did the same for Ayeka and Kazeko before taking a seat for himself.  
Mamoru and two waiters served the meal of roast norbeast.
	Ayeka picked at her food and listened to the conversation 
around her.  It was basically local gossip.  Sachiko went on about 
her connections at the royal court.  Ayeka almost laughed out loud.  
If only they knew they were dining with a princess...
	She looked up and saw Kazeko making eyes at Toshio.  Toshio, 
meanwhile, was doing his best to pretend not to notice.
	She silently watched while they gossipped.  Each one, it 
seemed, cloaked themselves in quiet dignity, a barrier which seemed 
to protect them from the world around them.  <A barrier I used to 
have,> she thought in self contempt.  <A barrier I used to be able 
to use expertly, now...>  She sighed quietly.  
	She looked up at Toshio and blinked.  He was different than 
the others somehow.  The barrier that surrounded the others wasn't 
present around him.  As a result he seemed...vulnerable.
	He answered Kazeko's questions quickly, but uncomfortably.  
She didn't seem to notice the fact that he would rather not talk 
about certain things.  
	When the night was over, Kamiko and Toshio showed the two 
women out.  Toshio shut the door and turned to his mother.
	"Don't do that again,"  he told her.
	"Toshi..."
	"Mother," he repeated sternly, "*Don't*...do....that...again."
	Kamiko sighed.  "Fine, I won't."
	Toshio nodded and went upstairs.  Kamiko growled.
	"He is so stubborn!"  she commented, putting her hands on her 
hips.  She turned to Ayeka and smiled.  "Ameko..."
	"Um...I don't think so, Mrs. Mizuno."
	"Oh, drat!  Fine.  Well, I'm turning in.  Good night, Ameko."  
With that, Kamiko walked out of the room.  Ayeka suddenly found 
herself alone in the dimly lit room.  The fire in the fireplace 
provided the majority of the light, which wasn't much.  
	Ayeka's breathing quickened.  She tried to fight down the 
panic welling up in her, but found herself failing.  She started 
for the stairs.  She had to get to her room.  She'd be safe in her 
room.  
	She started up the stairs, practically running.  In her haste 
to find safety, she forgot about the loose step and tripped over it.  
She cried out and hit the floor, pain exploded in her right ankle.  
She got to her feet, but the pain in her foot caused her to fall 
again.
	"Ayeka?!"
	She looked up and saw Toshio approaching her.  He knelt down 
next to her.  "What happened?"
	Ayeka shook her head. "I tripped," she said lamely.  "I 
think I sprained my ankle."
	"Okay,"  he said as he helped her up.  "Okay, lean on me.  
Let's get you off that foot."  He looked around and led her to the 
nearest door.  He opened it and helped her inside.
	It was a girl's bedroom.  "Clean" was an understatement when 
describing it.  "Immaculate," was closer.  Everything seemed to have 
a specific place.  It looked as if no one lived there, like a 
display for a museum or a shrine.  Toshio sat her on the bed and 
knelt down on the floor.
	"Which is it?" he asked.
	"Huh?"  Ayeka blinked.  She had been busy studying the room.
	"Which foot?"
	"Oh, the right one," she told him.  Toshio gently removed her 
right shoe and checked the foot.
	"It's swollen, alright," he told her.  He got up.  "You stay 
here, I'll go get an icepack."
	Ayeka nodded.  Toshio left the room.  Ayeka took another look 
around.  For some reason, this room felt wrong.  She couldn't put 
her finger on exactly what it was, though.  
	He returned a few minutes later carrying an ice pack.  He 
applied the pack to her foot.  She grimaced in pain.  Her foot began 
to numb from the cold.  She looked down at him.  Had it been anyone 
else, she would probably be having a panic attack right now, but 
although she had only known him a short time, she felt more 
comfortable around him than anyone else.
	"Is this Misato's room?"  Ayeka asked.  Misato and Kaouru 
were sleeping over with friends tonight so that the adults would 
be able to talk without them getting underfoot.
	Toshio tensed, as if suddenly realizing where he was.  "No," 
he said plainly.  
	"Do you have another sister, then?"
	"How's the foot?"  he asked.
	She blinked at his evasiveness.  "It's...feeling better.  
Thank you."
	He left the ice pack on her foot and stood up.  "Keep the ice 
on it and try to stay off it for awhile.  I think you just stepped 
on it wrong.  It doesn't look sprained or broken or anything."
	"All right."
	"Let me help you to your room."
	Ayeka stood up and allowed Toshio to support her as she 
limped to her room.  When they arrived at their destination, Ayeka 
let go of him and limped to bed.  
	"Thank you, Toshio."
	"Do you need anything?"  he asked.
	"No, thank you.  I'll be fine."
	"Are you sure?"
	She nodded.  "Thank you.  I'll be okay."
	"Okay," he said, "If you need anything, I'm just down the 
hall."
	She nodded.
	"Good night, Ayeka."
	"Good night."
	She watched him leave and close the door behind him.  She 
held the ice pack to her foot and layed back on the bed.  She 
sighed.  
	Why was he so evasive?
	What was he hiding from her?
	It was hard enough trusting him without him avoiding questions 
that seemed so innocent.
	She rolled over and closed her eyes.  She fell asleep in her 
dress with the lights on.

	Ayeka spent the next four days at the Mizuno residence, 
enjoying the holiday with his family.  There were times when she 
could almost forget about what had happened to her, but try as she 
might, bad dreams and the fear that draped over like a dark cloud 
refused to leave.  Even so, she found herself smiling at Misato and 
Kaouru's pranks and laughing at Toshio's vain efforts to evade his 
mother's meddling with his life.
	Reality came back to her, however, when she was outside one 
day and heard the roar of a starship approaching.  She looked up 
and saw a GP cruiser, the same type as Yukinojo, approaching the 
landing pad.  Next to her, Misato's eyes widened.  "Wow.  I wonder 
if Toshi invited more friends."  
	Ayeka sighed.

	Toshio stood at the bottom of the ramp and waited.  It wasn't 
long before a familiar redhead descended the ramp and stood before 
him.  He saluted her.  She smiled and returned it.
	"How've you been, Tosh?"
	"Not bad, Mitsuki, not bad.  How's life in Special 
Investigations?"  He turned and lead her towards the house.  She 
grimaced.
	"You have no idea.  It can be a total nightmare, but it's 
just one more rung on the ladder to the top."  She paused and turned 
back to her ship.  "Chase, when you're done locking down the ship, 
come inside," she called out.  
	"You got it, Lieutenant,"  a voiced called out from the ship.
	"New partner?"  Toshio asked.
	Mitsuki nodded.  "Yeah.  Just like I love 'em.  Straight out 
of the Academy and still reeking of brass polish and idealism."
	Toshio laughed.  "Well, they don't all come as perfect as you, 
Mitsuki,"  he joked as he led her inside.
	"Yeah, but they could at least *try*!" she told him.  She 
shook her head.  "Is competence too much to ask for?"  She turned 
to him and smiled.  "You know, Tosh, I could make a few calls and 
get you transferred to SI.  It'd be a helluva promotion.  I think 
we could use you."
	Toshio shook his head.  "Thanks, Mitsuki, but I'm not looking 
for the fast track."
	"Hmmph.  Okay, tell my about your princess..."

	An hour later, sitting in his bedroom, Toshio leaned back in 
his chair and finished his report.  
	Mitsuki took a sip of tea and nodded as she read over one of 
the files he had provided.  "Yes, I see," she said solemnly.  "The 
damage is extensive.  She needs formal counseling."
	"I was hoping you would talk to her,"  he told her.
	Mitsuki shrugged.  "I can take a crack at it, but I'm not a 
psychologist.  I just have my Bachelor's."
	"More than I have,"  he told her. 
	She nodded.  "Chase,"  she called.
	The newly minted detective stood up a little straighter in 
the corner had chosen to stand in.  "Yes, Lieutenant?"
	"Go down to the Arianna and begin downloading everything on 
the current political situation on Jurai and make inquiries as to 
stolen Jurain heavy fighters."
	"Yes, Ma'am." The sandy-haired Detective Second Class Chase 
Warren started for the door.
	"Okay," Mitsuki said.  "This is how things stand.  I'm going 
to want to review all your logs and any files you may have received 
concerning this.  I'm going to want to talk to the princess alone."  
She took a breath.  "There's something else, Tosh.  There's a 
Jurain shuttle in orbit."  Toshio arched an eyebrow.  "We ran into 
them on our way in.  They're there at Queen Misaki's orders.  When 
the princess decides to come home, they'll come pick her up."
	"Well, I hope they're in for a wait," Toshio told her.  
"She's given no indication that she even wants to go back."
	Mitsuki nodded.  "Not uncommon in cases like this."  She 
looked uncomfortable for a moment.  "Tosh, I have to ask, and I want 
you to answer me because it's important to her health."  Toshio 
blinked at her tone.  Mitsuki continued.  "How close are the two 
of you?"
	Toshio shrugged.  "I think she trusts me a little.  Not much, 
but we can talk."
	"Would you say the two of you are friends?"
	Toshio shrugged.  "I guess so.  Where are you going with 
this?"
	"From what you've told me, since she's met you, you've been 
her 'protector.'"  Toshio said nothing.  "This can turn into a very 
dangerous situation.  She's in a very fragile state, and it seems 
to me that she's becoming more and more dependent on you.  She's 
going to doubt herself and look for reassurances from you.  She 
might interpret what she feels for you as something romantic."
	"Hold on a second,"  Toshio said, raising his hand to stop 
her.  "You haven't even spoken with her, and you're telling me she's 
*falling in love with me*?!"
	"It's not that exactly," she corrected, "But she's not going 
to know the difference.  It's important that you do."
	"This is crazy, Mitsuki."
	"It's a crazy business."  She took another sip of tea.  "Now 
then, about her mother."
	"I imagine she's rather pissed with me at the moment."
	Mitsuki shook her head.  "She's pissed at the world, not you 
in particular.  The question now is, how do we get the princess to 
go back to her?"
	"She sent a letter.  Ayeka hasn't read it yet."
	Mitsuki paused at his use of the princess' first name.  "I 
see.  Tosh, I was thinking.  Have you thought of sharing your own 
experiences with her?  It might hel..."
	"No," he told her.
	"But Tosh..."
	"No, Mitsuki.  That's the end of it."
	Mitsuki sighed.  "Fine, whatever.  In the meantime, I want 
to speak with her."

	"They've been in there for over two hours,"  Warren commented, 
his arms folded over his chest.
	Toshio nodded.  He was worried about Ayeka.  Some of the 
things Mitsuki had said troubled him.  Other parts were just plain 
absurd.  He tried to think of something else to take his mind off 
it, but his thoughts kept leaping back to Ayeka.
	So when Misato came running up to him with a problem, he was 
all too anxious to listen.
	"Toshi, the neighborhood boys down the street want to have 
their Ruball game in the yard.  Can I tell them it's okay?  Mother 
and Father let them do it every year, but Mother's out shopping and 
they asked me to ask you and...."
	"Okay, okay,"  Toshio said with a laugh.  "Sure, you tell 
them it's okay."
	"Great!  They also asked me to ask you if you wanted to play!"
	Toshio blinked.  "How old are these kids?"
	"Well, they've been playing Ruball in the front yard every 
Zotolas since I was born."
	"*Them*!?"  Toshio asked.  "I thought most of them went off 
to college!"
	Misato nodded.  "Yeah, but they come home for the holidays 
and it's a tradition, and they'd really like you to play, Toshio.  
You haven't been home in so long, they miss you!"
	Toshio smiled.  He remembered the annual Ruball game he and 
his friends used to play every Zotolas as he was growing up.  He 
hadn't been home for awhile.  The Galaxy Police Academy didn't offer 
cadets leave until their fourth year, and then only for short, 
three day trips, so he had missed the last several games.
	"Okay, Misato.  You tell them I'll be right out."
	"All right!"  Misato ran down the hall towards the door.
	Toshio turned to Warren.  "What about you?  You wanna play, 
Detective Warren?"
	Warren smiled.  "Sure, why not?  And it's 'Chase,' by the 
way."

	Kamiko met them at the door four hours later.
	"Have fun, boys?"  she asked as Toshio and Chase entered the 
house.
	"A blast," Toshio told her tiredly.  "Damn, I forgot how hard 
that game could be."
	"At least you knew how to play,"  Chase pointed out.  "I was 
all over the place."
	"How's Ameko?"  Toshio asked.
	Kamiko blinked.  "I think she's fine, Toshio.  Why?  Is 
there something wrong?"
	He shook his head.  "No, Mom, it's just that she wasn't 
feeling well this morning."
	"Oh, well, she seemed okay at dinner...which you missed,"  
she said with a glare.
	"Er..."
	"And if you think we saved you any, you're wrong,"  Kamiko 
told him and shouldered her way past him.  "Hmmph!  Imagine, 
missing dinner with his family to play *Ruball*!"  
	Chase watched as the matron of the Mizuno family went upstairs.  
"You're mother's...nice," he remarked.
	"She's for sale, if you want her,"  Toshio grumbled.
	Chase laughed.  "No thanks, I've got one of my own I'm trying 
to unload.  I'm gonna go upstairs and clean up.  I imagine the 
Lieutenant wants to talk to me too."
	Toshio smiled.  "Don't let her get the drop on you."  Chase 
grinned and went upstairs.
	Toshio took a look at the family Zoto tree.  It's leaves 
were accumulated on the ground beneath it.  Very few remained on 
the tree.
	It was getting dark outside.  Toshio went up to the shower 
adjacent to his bedroom and tried to wash the soreness out of his 
body.  stepping out, he heard his stomach rumble.  He sighed.  He 
knew from experience that when his mother said she didn't save 
dinner, it was no empty threat.  He put on a pair of GP Academy 
sweats and went downstairs.  The Ruball game had gone on into the 
evening, so it was dark out by now.  He knew his mother had taken 
Misato and Kaouru carolling.  Chase was probably being chewed out 
by Mitsuki for one reason or another, so the living room was empty 
when he went downstairs.  
	He stole quietly in the kitchen and made a sandwich.  Throwing 
it on a plate and grabbing a soda from the fridge, he went into the 
living room to watch the vid.  Sitting on the couch, he put the 
food on the coffee table and found the remote.  Before he could 
turn the vid on, he heard a voice behind him.
	"Toshio?"
	He turned in surprise.  "Ayeka," he said, "I thought you had 
gone to bed."
	Ayeka stepped off the stairs and approached him warily.  "You 
weren't here after my interview with Lieutenant Mitsuki," she stated 
flatly.
	"Yeah, I was out with some old friends."
	"Oh," she said.  "Doing what?"
	"Playing Ruball," he said sheepishly.  He saw her puzzled 
look.  "It's kind of a Zotolas tradition.  All the men in the 
neighborhood get together and try to kill each other over a ball 
wrapped in cheshirehound skin."
	"I see," she said.  She took another step toward him.
	"Yeah," he said, rubbing the back of his neck.  "Forgot how 
much it could hurt.  One day I'll grow out of it, I guess.  He 
turned back to the vid and turned it on.  "Why didn't you go 
carolling with Mom and the kids?"
	"I didn't feel like singing," she told him plainly.  Toshio 
tensed as he felt her hands rest on his shoulders.  
	"Um...Ayeka?"
	She stood behind the couch and kneaded his shoulders with her 
fingers.  "How's that?"
	Toshio was more than a little confused.  "It's...nice, thank 
you."  He gulped.  "How was your interview with Mitsuki?"  he asked, 
searching for a nice, neutral topic.
	He felt Ayeka tense behind him, her fingers dug into his flesh.  
"She insisted on being...thorough," she told him.
	"I see."  He was getting nervous.  This didn't sound like the 
Ayeka he knew at all.  Perhaps her session with Mitsuki had helped.  
On the other hand...  
	"Would you like me to talk to her?"  he asked.  He turned to 
face her.  "I'm sure..."  He broke off in surprise as Ayeka leaned 
forward and kissed him.
	For a moment, he lost himself in that kiss.  Then he heard the 
better half of his mind shouting at him.  <WHAT THE HELL DO YOU 
THINK YOU'RE DOING!?>
	He broke away from her suddenly.  She leaned forward again, 
but he shook his head.
	"Ayeka...no."
	"Toshio, please," she whispered and leaned forward again.  
He pulled back.
	"No, Ayeka.  I can't,"  he whispered.
	"I see," she said.  He saw the look in her eyes, the pain, 
the betrayal, the confusion.  "I understand, Toshio," she said.  
"I...know you.  I know why you wouldn't want someone like me."
	"Ayeka..."
	She moved away and turned from him.  She was crying.  He could 
tell by the way her shoulders were shaking and by the sound of the 
gentle sobs that could be heard just over the sound of the vid.  
"I'm sorry, Toshio," she said, "I should've known you wouldn't want 
some...slut...like me.  A filthy whore no better than..."
	"Ayeka!"
	"It's true!" she cried.  She stood there shaking, tears 
streaming down her face.  She started for the stairs.  "I don't 
blame you for rejecting me, Toshio," she told him.  "I just hoped 
that...I..."  She gave up and ran up the stairs.
	"Ayeka!  Wait!"
	She ignored him and continued up the stairs.  Toshio watched 
her go.

	Toshio walked out onto the back porch and punched one of the 
wooden posts supporting the roof.
	"Don't beat yourself up, Tosh." 
	He turned to the voice and saw Mitsuki standing in the 
doorway.
	"You were just trying to help her heal."  She sighed.  "You 
just can't do it alone."
	"You saw?"  he asked.
	She nodded.  "I saw."  She took a breath before going on.  
"If it had gone farther, I would've broken it up."
	He nodded.  "How is this going to affect her?"
	"Badly."
	Toshio bit his lip in anger and punched the post again.
	"But it would've been worse in the long run if you had..."
	"I figured, Mitsuki, thanks,"  he snapped.
	"If it helps," she said gently.  "You handled it the best way 
you possibly could have.  It was a bad situation, and there was no 
right answer for it."
	Toshio didn't answer.
	"You couldn't possibly have done more."
	He turned and looked at her.  "Yes I can," he told her.  He 
stormed off the porch.
	"Toshio!"  Mitsuki shouted after him, but he was already out 
of earshot.  "Dammit," she muttered.

	"Lina!  Wake up!"
	"Well, well, well,"  Lina began angrily as her AI interface 
powered up.  "Finally, you come to check on me!"
	"Not now, Lina,"  Toshio growled.  "Just tell me where that 
letter from Queen Misaki is."
	"You know, Detective,"  Lina began angrily, "Since we 
embarked on this little vacation, I've been bumped, crashed, 
trashed, shot at, and left for dead.  WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON!?"
	"As soon as I know, I'll tell you.  Where's the letter?"
	Lina growled.  "On the port control panel."
	Toshio did a quick search and found the letter.  He stormed 
out the hatch into the night.

	Ayeka cried into her pillow.
	How could she do such a thing?  Toshio had been so kind to 
her, and what does she do?  She throws herself at him.  She squeezed 
her eyes shut.  Even Ryoko had had more pride. 
	How was she going to face him again?  How could she look him 
in the eye again after acting so shamefully.  She hugged the 
pillow tightly to herself, the tears soaking into it.  She couldn't 
believe it.  First, that she would debase herself by throwing 
herself at the first man to be kind to her, and then, to be 
*rejected* by him only doubled the pain.
	She heard a knock at the door.  She didn't answer it.
	"Ayeka?"
	Her fingers tightened on the pillow.  The tears flowed faster.
	<Please, just let him go away...>
	"Ayeka?  Please.  Open the door."
	She said nothing.
	For a moment, she thought he had left.  Then she heard him 
speaking quietly through the door.  
	"Ayeka...when I was eight years old...my older sister, Mariko, 
and I were kidnapped and held for ransom."  Her eyes opened in 
shock.  Toshio paused.  "We were rescued about two weeks later...
um..."  He seemed to have trouble going on.  "A couple of days 
after they took us...they...started to take Mariko away for...
sometimes days at a time.  When she came back, she would...she...
um..."  He stopped and started again.  This time his voice was 
haunting.  "I was only eight years old.  I...I couldn't understand 
what they were doing to her...I only knew they were hurting her....
And I couldn't stop them."  Ayeka lay on the bed and listened 
while Toshio bled outside.  
	"Eventually...we were rescued.  The most beautiful thing I've 
ever heard in my life was the sound of the door crashing in upstairs 
and the sound of someone shouting, 'Galaxy Police!  Freeze!'"  He 
laughed wearily.  "We were saved, but Mariko....They *took* her 
soul from her.  They...they...."  He broke off.  "Afterwards, 
she was never the same.  We were so...scared...of what she had 
become.  She told us she just wanted to forget it, to pretend 
it never happened.  We were so afraid of...hurting her...by pushing 
her....that we never *made* her get the help we knew she needed."  
He stopped again.  "We were so afraid of making things worse...that 
we did the worst thing we could...we did *nothing*!"
	Ayeka listened as he paused.
	"A year later...she hung herself."
	Ayeka squeezed her eyes shut.
	"Ayeka...I..."  He paused to collect himself.  "I don't know 
how you feel...I *can't* know.  But I *do* know...I do know how 
your mother feels and how the people who care about you feel.  And 
I know...they love you, and they want to help you.  Please...
*Please*...let us help you."
	
	Toshio felt a tear burn down his cheek.  There was no 
response from the other side of the door.  He turned to go, to 
leave her to find what peace she might, when the door opened.  He 
turned back and saw Ayeka standing there.  Her eyes were red and 
puffy, her cheeks were wet with tears.  She looked up at him.  He 
held the letter out to her.
	
	Ayeka took the pad.  Her hand paused over the screen key to 
open it.  She grit her teeth and hit the button.  The letter 
appeared on the pad's screen.

	*My dearest Ayeka,
	I can't imagine the kind of pain and fear you must be feeling 
right now.  I know it can't be easy.  I know you must feel so alone.  
I want you to know that you are *not* alone.  Your family loves you, 
Ayeka.  We will always love you, and we *will* help you through this.  
Come home.  You don't have to face this by yourself.  We're here for 
you.  Please, Ayeka, come home.

								With my love eternally,

									Mommy*

	Ayeka wiped another tear from her eye and lowered the letter.  
She looked up Toshio.
	"Toshio," she began cautiously.  "I...I would like to go home, 
now."

	"Princess,"  Mitsuki began, "I would like you to meet Captain 
Edara Tain.  It's her shuttle we'll taking to Jurai."
	Captain Tain smiled at Ayeka and bowed to her.  "It's a 
pleasure, Your Highness."  She was tall, her blonde hair was held 
back behind her in a braid.  Her Jurain Naval uniform was immaculate.
	Ayeka returned her bow and turned to Mitsuki.  "You'll be 
coming with me, then?"
	Toshio nodded to her.  "Lieutenant Mitsuki is going to be 
with you all the way to Jurai."
	Ayeka blinked.  "What about you, Toshio?"
	He bit his lip and shook his head.  Mitsuki was watching him 
warily.  She was the one who had asked Toshio not to go with them.  
She felt Ayeka was becoming far too dependent on him.
	"No, Ayeka.  This is goodbye."
	She swallowed nervously.  She stood a little straighter and 
bowed to him.  
	"Thank you, Toshio Mizuno.  I will never forget you or all 
you've done for me."
	Toshio bowed in return.  "Good luck, Princess Ayeka."
	"Is everyone ready?"  Tain asked.
	Mitsuki nodded.  "Chase is gonna take the Arianna to HQ."
	Ayeka nodded as well.  "I've made my goodbye's to Kamiko, 
Misato, and Kaouru.  I would prefer to leave before they return and 
ask questions."
	Tain nodded.  "Well, then, this way, Your Highness."  Tain 
led Ayeka and Mitsuki out of the upstairs den.  Toshio watched them 
go.  
	Chase patted him on the back.  "Buck up, Toshio, you still 
have me to kick around."
	Mamoru entered the room.  "Sir, you have a call."
	"Thanks, Mamoru.  Patch it through here."
	"Yes, Sir."
	Toshio turned to the vid screen as Chase left the room to give 
him some privacy.
	The vid screen came to life, and Queen Misaki's face met him.  
"Detective,"  she said in greeting.
	"Your Majesty."
	"How's my daughter?"
	Toshio smiled.  "She's taken the first steps, Your Majesty."
	Misaki sighed in relief.  "That's wonderful news."  She looked 
at him.  "May I speak with her...please?"
	"I'm afraid not, Your Majesty,"  he told her with a smile.  
Misaki looked ready to reach through the screen and kill him.  
Toshio smiled and finished, "She and Lieutenant Mitsuki are boarding 
the ship you sent as we speak.  She'll be back on Jurai before you 
know it."
	Misaki blinked.  "Ship?"
	Toshio's heart fell into his stomach.  "The ship you sent to 
pick up Ayeka."
	"Detective, there must be some mistake."  Toshio turned white 
as Misaki finished.
	"I didn't send a ship."
	"DAMN!"  
	Toshio bolted for the door.  "Detective!"  Misaki shouted 
throught the screen.  "What's happening?!"
	Chase saw him dart out the door and run down the hall.  As 
he passed, Toshio shouted at him.  "Call the launch pad!  Don't let 
that shuttle take off!"
	Chase held his communicator to his lips as Toshio took off 
down the stairs.
	<Damn!  How could I be so goddamned naive!?  They've been using 
Jurain equipment from the beginning!>  He ran down the steps two 
at a time.  He had to get to them before they took off.
	He turned a corner and slammed into his mother.  She fell 
backwards, but Yuntaro, who was standing behind her, caught her.  
Kamiko looked up and blinked as Toshio climbed to his feet.  
	"Toshio!  What are you..."
	"Call security!  Have them meet me on the pad!"  He started 
running again.  "Tell them to shoot anything in a Jurain uniform!"
	Kamiko looked on in fear.  She looked up at her bodyguard.
	"Yuntaro!"
	The hulking mass of fur started down the corridor after Toshio.

	The ramp of the Jurain shuttle descended.  Tain, Ayeka, and 
Mitsuki, flanked by Jurain bodyguards brandishing pressure pikes, 
waited for it to lock into place.  When it did, Tain smiled and 
gestured at the hatch.  
	"This way, Your Highness, Lieutenant."
	Ayeka and Mitsuki started up the ramp.  
	"Ayeka!"  They turned and saw Toshio running towards the ship.  
"Mitsuki!"
	Ayeka blinked.  "Toshio?"
	The two bodyguards placed themselves between Toshio and the 
women.  As he rushed forward, the guards moved toward him and slammed 
their staffs into him, pushing him into a nearby wall and holding 
him there.
	Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "Release him!"
	Toshio struggled, turned his head to them, and shouted.
	"IT'S A TRAP!"
	Mitsuki's eyes went wide.  She looked at Tain and went for her 
blaster.
	Tain was faster.  Ayeka watched horrified as Tain drew her 
side arm, leveled it at Mitsuki's head, and pulled the trigger.  The 
positron bolt went through Mitsuki's head, killing her instantly 
and throwing her backwards off the ramp.  Ayeka's mouth gaped open.  
More bodyguards ran down the ramp.  Tain grabbed the princess and 
put the gun to her head.
	"Resist and you follow her,"  Tain hissed.
	Toshio, meanwhile, was struggling with the guards.  Suddenly, 
one of them was lifted twelve feet in the air.  Toshio and the 
remaining guard watched as Yuntaro turned and threw the guard into 
the wall.  The guard hit the stone wall with a sickening *crunch* 
and fell to the floor.  
	While the other guard was looking at the furry bodyguard in 
shock, Toshio acted.  He pulled the staff from the man's hands and 
swung it, striking the guard in the temple and crushing his skull.  
Two more guards were running toward them.  Toshio drew his blaster.
	Suddenly, two blue energy bolts struck each guard in the chest.  
Toshio looked back and saw two security officers heading their way 
with drawn weapons.  He ran up to the foot of the ramp and raised 
the blaster.
	"Freeze!"  he shouted.  Tain was holding Ayeka in front of her 
at the door of the ship, her blaster at the princess' head.  "The 
Llewecian Navy's been notified, Tain!"  he bluffed.  "You'll never 
make it out of the system alive!  Let her go!"
	Tain smiled.  "Sorry, she's expected elsewhere."
	Her hand shot out and hit a door control.  The hatch slammed 
shut and the ramp retracted into the ship.  Toshio holstered the 
blaster and cursed.  The ship's engines whirred to life.
	He turned to the furry bodyguard.  "Yuntaro!  Help me out!"
	Yuntaro walked up to the hatch and punched it, sinking his arm 
through the hull up to his elbow.  He pulled, taking the hatch 
clear off its hinges.  The ship began to roll forward, leaving the 
hulking bodyguard behind. 
	Toshio ran forward and jumped, grabbing hold of the edge of 
the hole Yuntaro had made.  He grit his teeth as he felt the sharp, 
metal edges cut into the flesh of his palms.  He pulled himself up 
and climbed through the impromptu door.
	He stood up on the deck of the ship and drew his blaster 
again.  He started forward, his blaster up and ready.  As he neared 
the cockpit he could hear two people talking.  One of them was Tain.
	"They're bluffing.  They wouldn't risk it with her onboard.  
Take off."
	Toshio kicked the cockpit door open.  Tain looked up and 
reached for her blaster.  Toshio aimed and fired.  Tain was thrown 
back into the controls, blood splattered the windshield.  The pilot 
reached for his own weapon, but a quick shot from Toshio silenced 
him as well.  
	He reached out and pulled back on the shuttle's throttle.  
The ship rolled to a halt.
	Ayeka!
	He turned and started searching the ship.  "Ayeka!"  
	He heard someone banging against metal not far from him.  He 
increased his pace.  "Ayeka!"
	"Toshio!  Toshio!  Get me out!"
	He stopped in front of a door to some kind of storage locker.  
He could hear Ayeka screaming from the other side.  Dropping his 
blaster to the floor, he reached out and unlocked it, throwing the 
door open.
	Ayeka collapsed into his arms, weeping uncontrollably.  She 
clung to him, burying her face in his chest.
	"I don't want to be alone!"  she sobbed.  "I don't want to be 
alone!"
	Toshio hugged her and made soothing noises, the blood from the 
cuts on his hands soaked into Ayeka's dress.  Her tears soaked into 
his shirt.
	"Shhh.  It's okay," he whispered.  "It's okay."
	She continued to cry.  "I don't want to be alone," she 
repeated again.
	"You won't be," he told her quickly.  "I promise.  You won't 
be alone.  I promise."
	
	"The shuttle, the Harutenshi, was reported stolen, a week 
ago."  Chase spoke quickly and nervously.  With Mitsuki dead, he 
had to speak in her place.  Misaki and the Marshal, displayed on 
split screens, payed careful attention.  Sitting next to Toshio on 
a nearby couch in the upstairs sitting room, Ayeka hung her head 
and only half listened as the GP made his report.  
	"None of the would-be kidnappers survived,"  he said.  He 
added quickly, "There was no way to take any of them prisoner due 
to the...situation, and the haste in which..."
	"It's all right, Detective,"  the Marshal told him.  "Continue 
with your report."
	Chase took a breath an continued.  "The shuttle was stolen," 
he repeated.  "Captain Tain was never a member of the Jurain Navy.  
We're still waiting for the background checks on her accomplices."
	"Who reported the shuttle as stolen?"  the Marshal asked him.
	"Count Seiryo Ragidagan."
	Misaki's eyebrows arched.  "Seiryo?"
	Ayeka gasped at the sound of the familiar name.  Toshio looked 
from one noblewoman to the other.
	"Friend of yours?"  he asked.
	Ayeka said nothing.  Misaki answered him.  "He's a nobleman.  
He was also the man my husband *chose* to marry Ayeka.  However, 
thanks to a Galaxy Police detective's...er...quick thinking and 
piloting skills, the engagement was broken off."
	Toshio took a thoughtful breath.  He approached the screen.  
"How did he take that?"  he asked the Queen.
	Misaki blinked.  "Well...he was angry, of course.  He resented 
it."
	Toshio turned to the screen displaying the Marshal.  "Sir, I 
think we should run a check and see if Count Seiryo has reported 
any fighters stolen from him recently."
	"You suspect something,"  the Marshal concluded.  Toshio 
nodded.
	Misaki's eyes went wide.  "You suspect Seiryo might be 
involved?"
	Toshio threw a look at Ayeka.  She looked absolutely miserable.  
"It is possible given the evidence."
	"What evidence?  I don't like Seiryo, but he's a fop!  He 
wouldn't..."
	"Your Majesty,"  Toshio interrupted.  "Ayeka doesn't remember 
who attacked her.  But we do know that, somehow, that attacker was 
able to overpower a Jurain noblewoman.  How many people can do that?"
	Misaki took an annoyed breath.  "Not many," she confessed.
	"That shortens the list quite a bit, doesn't it?"
	Misaki said nothing.  She nodded.  "I...I will have the SIS 
make inquiries into Seiryo's whereabouts at the time.  In the 
meantime, I will send a ship to pick up Ayeka."
	"No,"  Toshio told her.
	"Detective..."  Misaki said dangerously.
	"Ayeka's going home, Your Majesty,"  Toshio replied.  "But 
*I'm* taking her there."  Misaki regarded him carefully.
	"Very well, Detective.  I leave it to you.  Now, I would like 
to speak with my daughter."
	Toshio looked to Ayeka, who nodded slowly.  Toshio turned to 
Chase.
	"C'mon, Chase.  Let's give them some privacy."  Toshio and 
Chase left the room as the Marshal's screen went dark.  Ayeka got 
up and approached the screen bearing her mother's smiling image.
	As Toshio closed the door, he turned and found himself face 
to face with his mother.
	"Toshi, what's going on?  The truth this time."
	Toshio took a breath and began to tell his mother the story 
from the beginning.  When he was finished, his mother was shaking 
her head.
	"I should expect this kind of thing from you," she muttered.
	Toshio felt a flash of anger.  "Mother," he said sternly.  
"She needed my help.  What was I supposed to do?!"
	Kamiko looked up at him in shock.  "No, Toshi.  That's not what 
I meant."  Toshio blinked.  Kamiko took her son's hand.  "I meant 
that I should expect you to be like this, to be so kind and 
compassionate.  You did a good thing, Toshi.  I'm proud of you."  
She hugged her son.
	Toshio hugged his mother.  "Thank you, Mom."
	She smiled and whispered in his ear.  "But if you *ever* lie 
to me again..."  
	Toshio sighed and braced himself as Kamiko began a rant.

	Ayeka stood before the screen.   "Mother," she began nervously.
	Misaki blinked tears out of her eyes.  "Ayeka.  How do you 
feel?"
	The princess bit her lip and said, "Frightened."
	Misaki nodded in understanding.  "Okay.  We're going to get 
you home soon.  
	"Mother,  how did you know..."
	"Tenchi called me."
	Ayeka was silent for a good minute.
	"Someone else wants to talk to you," Misaki said, putting on 
a smile.  She gestured off screen.  Suddenly, Sasami's smiling face 
could be seen next to Misaki's. 
	"Ayeka!"
	"Sasami?"  Ayeka asked.  "What are you doing there?"
	Misaki answered her.  "I sent a ship for her and brought her 
back here.  I thought it might be dangerous."
	Ayeka felt shame well up in her.  "I'm sorry," she said.
	Sasami and Misaki blinked.  "What do you mean, Ayeka?"  Sasami 
asked.
	"I left you there,"  Ayeka told her in a haunted whisper.  
"Tsunami in heaven, I left you there alone..."
	Misaki saw where this was going and tried to head it off.  
"Ayeka, it's okay.  Tenchi and Ryoko were with her..."
	"I left her there defenseless.  How stupid can I possibly 
get?!"  Her hand traveled up to her face, trying to hide the tears 
from them.
	"Ayeka, listen to me..."  Misaki tried again.
	The princess wasn't listening.  "I can't believe myself.  
I've failed in even my most basic duties..."
	"Ayeka, please don't cry,"  Sasami begged her.
	Ayeka was sobbing uncontrollably.  "It's my fault," she 
whispered.  "It's my fault."
	"Sasami, go to the garden and wait for me there,"  Misaki 
told her.
	"But, Mommy, I..."
	"Go, dearest.  Go now."  
	Sasami nodded and left the room.  Misaki looked at her daughter 
in pity.
	"I fought him,"  Ayeka whispered.  "I fought him so hard, but 
I couldn't win.  I couldn't keep him from...I..."  The damn broke, 
and Ayeka fell to her knees before the screen, weeping.  "I'm sorry, 
Mother.  I'm so sorry."
	"Ayeka, look at me."  Ayeka wouldn't look up.  "Look at me!"  
Slowly, the princess looked up at her mother, tears coursing down 
her face unchecked.  "Don't apologize,"  Misaki told her.  "You're 
not the one who has to apologize.  I'm gonna find the person who did 
this to you.  And then, I'm going to kill him."
	Ayeka said nothing.
	"I love you, Ayeka.  We all love you.  We'll work through this 
together, okay?"  Ayeka nodded.  "Okay."
	"What about Father?"  Ayeka asked.  "How do I..."
	"Your father loves you more than anything else in this 
universe, Ayeka.  He's on his way back to Jurai now.  He was on 
Belegast inspecting the garrison there.  I sent him a message, and 
he started racing home.  He'll be here by the time you get back."
	Ayeka nodded.
	Misaki licked her lips in apprehension.
	"I lost my tree,"  Ayeka confessed.
	Misaki blinked.  "What?"
	"I lost my tree," she repeated, "My Ryu-Oh.  It's gone, 
destroyed."
	Misaki smiled reassuringly.  "We'll bond you to a new one."
	"I can't."
	The Queen blinked in puzzlement.  "Ayeka?"
	"I can't.  I couldn't even control Ryu-Oh, and I had it all 
my life.  How will I bond with a totally new tree?"  Ayeka was on 
the verge of tears again.
	"We'll figure that out when you get here, okay?"
	Ayeka didn't respond.
	"Ayeka,"
	"Mother, I have to go now."  Misaki took a breath.  "I...need 
to make preparations to leave."
	The Queen nodded.  "Okay, Ayeka, we'll talk when you get here, 
all right?"  Ayeka nodded.  "I love you, dearest one."
	"I love you too, mother."  Ayeka reached out and switched off 
the connection.  That done, she began to cry again.

	Misaki watched the screen go dark.  She took a deep breath and 
wiped a tear from her eye.  She turned to the SIS agent standing 
nearby.
	"I want a complete listing of Count Seiryo's whereabouts for 
the past twelve weeks," she ordered, fire now in her voice.  "And I 
want it before my daughter arrives."
	"It will take longer than that,"  he warned her.
	"*Before* she arrives,"  Misaki repeated.
	"Yes, Your Majesty."

	Blue sky gave way to black as Lina left Llewecia's atmosphere.  
Behind them on the starboard side, the Arianna kept pace.  Ayeka sat 
in the co-pilot's chair and stared out into space.  Toshio yawned and 
sat back in his chair.
	"I'm sorry,"  Ayeka told him.
	He looked over at her.  "What for?"
	"You're going to miss Zotolas," she told him.  "Because of me."
	He smiled.  "It's no trouble, Ayeka."  
	She said nothing.
	"Oh, by the way,"  he said, rummaging through his bag.  "I got 
you a Zotolas gift."  Ayeka blinked in surprise. 
	"You did?"
	"Yep."  He reached out and handed her a small, wrapped box.  
Ayeka took it carefully and studied the red wrapping paper.  "Happy 
Zotolas," he said.  "Go ahead, open it."
	"It's...it's not Zotolas yet."
	He waved the idea aside.  "Close enough for government work.  
Go ahead."
	She slowly tore the paper open and looked at what Toshio had 
given her.  It was a framed photograph of her, standing with him and 
his family in front of their Zoto tree.
	"I figured you'd might want a souvenir of your first Zotolas," 
he told her.  "It's also one of the few times I've seen you smile."  
	She blinked and studied the picture more closely.  She *was* 
smiling.  She wasn't grinning, but the corners of her mouth were 
quirked up in a subdued smile.
	She took a breath and looked at him.  She managed another 
smile and said, "Thank you."
	"Happy Zotolas, Ayeka," he told her.
	Lina's interface dropped from the ceiling in front of them.  
"Llewecia Control says we're clear and free to navigate, Detective.  
What course shall I set?"
	"Lina," Toshio told her.  "Take us to Jurai."

	Masao, flanked by two men who could only be Jurain SIS agents, 
walked into Misaki's quarters and stopped before her.  She turned 
to him and gave him a curt nod in greeting.
	"Your Majesty, may I ask why you felt it necessary to have 
the SIS drag me from my room instead of simply summoning me?"
	Misaki took a quick breath and began.  "Your brother.  Can you 
account for his activities for the past ten weeks?"
	Masao blinked.  "All of them?  For ten weeks?  Of course not!"
	"You said earlier that Seiryo was on a trip recently."
	"Yes, I did."
	"Were you with him?"  she asked.
	Masao shook his head.  "No.  I stayed behind to look after 
family affairs.  Your Majesty, where is this..."
	"So you cannot account for him personally during that time,"  
she said.
	"Of course not.  Not personally.  I wasn't there."
	"What time period?"
	"Your Majesty?"
	"When was your brother on his trip?"
	Masao snapped his fingers as he tried to remember specifics.  
"From the sixth of the month of Ara to the nineteenth of Tsunami's 
month."
	Misaki tensed.  "From nine weeks ago to two weeks ago," she 
whispered.
	"Yes, Your Majesty,"  Masao said, still puzzled.
	Misaki turned from him and thought.  Masao blinked in puzzlement.  
Finally, Misaki turned back to him.
	"How many people were with your brother on this trip?"
	"Your Majesty, I..."
	"How many?!"
	Masao gulped.  "Um...the crew of his ship, his personal guard, 
and his fighter escort."
	"Fighter escort?!"  Misaki pounced.  "What kind of fighters?"
	Masao looked to the agents on either side of him before 
answering.  "Taka class.  Heavy fighters, why?"
	Misaki was shaking.  "Commander," she said menacingly, 
addressing the agent on Masao's left.  "Bring me Seiryo."	
	The agent bowed and left.
	Masao looked up at Misaki.  "Your Majesty.  I must demand to 
know what is happening!"
	"I just need to ask your brother some questions, Masao.  I'm 
sorry it has to be this way, but it seems your brother is going to 
be executed."

	Lina came into contact with the landing pad with a *clunk*.  
Toshio set about shutting down the flight systems.  Ayeka looked out 
the window and saw her mother, sister, Aunt Funaho, and father 
waiting for her outside.  She tensed up.
	Toshio saw this and said, "I'll wait here."  He pressed a 
button on the control panel, and the hatch opened.  Ayeka collected 
herself and walked back to the hatch and down the ramp.
	Toshio watched from the cockpit.  Lina faced him and said, 
"Detective, maybe we should..."
	He raised a finger.  "Shh.  Just watch."
	They watched as Sasami ran up to Ayeka and hugged her.  Misaki 
and Funaho were not far behind her.  Finally, Azusa approached and 
embraced his daughter.
	"Awwwwwwwwww...."  Lina commented.
	"Now we just wait for an appropriate time to disembark."
	Lina arched an eyebrow.  "Detective, I'm getting a transmission 
from the Arianna.  Detective Warren reports he has landed on Pad C."
	"Send an acknowledgement.  Tell him I'll see him inside."
	"Yes, Detective."  Toshio turned back to the heart-warming 
scene outside.

	"You must be Detective Mizuno."
	Toshio turned at the voice and paled slightly.  King Azusa of 
Jurai stood there, his expression a constant thundercloud of anger.
	"Yes, Your Majesty."
	Standing in one of the palace's drawing rooms, there was no 
immediately apparent escape route.  Ayeka was in her room with 
Misaki and Funaho, talking mothers to daughter.  A well dressed 
servant had brought Toshio here along with Chase where they had been 
served snifters of brandy.
	Now, it appeared, the King of the most powerful empire in the 
galaxy had decided to join them.
	Azusa looked at him appraisingly.  "I want to thank you.  For 
all you've done for my daughter.  Name your reward."
	Toshio was taken aback.  "I don't want a reward, Your Majesty, 
I..."
	"Think on it, we'll talk about it later,"  Azusa told him 
brusquely.  He began to turn.
	"Your Majesty,"
	Azusa turned and faced him again.  "Yes?"
	"I would ask how the investigation is going."
	Azusa smiled grimly.  "My wife was most thorough in her pursuit 
of the....thing....that committed this crime.  I believe we have 
found him.  He'll die tomorrow."
	"Seiryo?"
	Azusa nodded.  "How could I have been so blind?"
	Toshio said nothing.
	The king looked him in the eye and said.  "Thank you, 
Detective."  With that, he turned and walked away.
	"Looks like you're on the fast track,"  Chase commented.  
"Hobnobbing with the King of Jurai.  Mistsuki would be proud."
	Toshio's face fell at mention of Mitsuki.  One more reason to 
execute this man.  
	He didn't have any more time to think about it.  Ayeka and 
her mothers had just entered the room.  He smiled at Ayeka.  She 
returned it and approached him.
	"Toshio," she gestured to the two women next to her.  "You've 
already met my mother."  Toshio bowed to Misaki.  Misaki responded 
by reaching out and embracing him in a bear hug.  Toshio could hear 
ribs cracking as he gasped for air.  "And this is my other mother, 
Funaho."
	"Your Majesty," he gasped out as Misaki continued to squeeze 
him.
	"Funaho," the raven haired woman insisted.
	"Charmed," Toshio said, expelling the last of the air in his 
lungs with that one word.
	"Misaki," Funaho said, "Let the poor boy breathe."
	Misaki released Toshio, and the GP began gasping for breath.  
Funaho approached him and embraced him in her own hug.  Toshio 
tensed, but relaxed when he realized that Funaho was less zealous 
in her bear hugs.
	"You have no idea how deep our thanks to you go,"  she told 
him.  "It is our honor to name you as our friend.  Name any reward 
you wish, and you will have it."
	Toshio looked over at Ayeka, who was now talking with Sasami 
not far away.  He turned back to Funaho and dropped his voice so that 
only the Queen could hear him.  "She's home, she's safe, she's 
*healing*.  I don't require anything else."
	She smiled.  "We will think of something appropriate for you."
	"It's really not neccessary."
	"Neccessary or not, you will be rewarded."  With that, Funaho 
turned and went to speak with her daughter.
	Toshio watched her go.  He looked up as an orange haired man 
entered the room.  He spotted Ayeka and started toward her.  Toshio 
watched with interest.  Misaki saw the man and gestured for him to 
come forward.  Toshio decided to see what this was about and moved 
to within earshot.
	"Ayeka, you remember Viscount Masao Ragidagan, don't you?"
	Ayeka nodded.  "Yes.  How do you do?"
	Masao looked extremely embarrassed.  "Your Highness," he 
began.  "On behalf of my family...I...I can't tell you how...sorry 
we are that this happened."  Ayeka tensed and bit her lip.  "Had I 
known, Princess..."  He trailed off.  "I know there is no way to 
make up for my brother's crime...but I do ask that if there is any 
way for the House of Ragidagan to begin to atone for it, that you 
please ask."
	Misaki placed her hand on the young man's shoulder.  "You are 
not to blame for this, Masao.  Your family has no debt to us."
	"We do, Your Majesty.  I...I just wanted the Princess to know."
	Ayeka straightened and addressed him.  "Thank you, Masao.  It 
is...appreciated."
	Masao bowed to the princess.  Then, without another word, he 
turned and left the room.
	"Who was that?"  Toshio asked Funaho.
	"That was Masao, the brother of Seiryo."
	"Hmmm."
	"Is something wrong, Toshio?"  she asked him.
	Toshio paused, then said, "No, Ms. Funaho.  Nothing."

	Ayeka looked at her reflection in the mirror as she brushed 
her hair.  She paused for a moment and smiled.  Toshio was right.  
She *did* look better with a smile.  She was glad he was staying 
for awhile.  She heard a knock on her bedroom door and turned.
	"Who is it?" she called.
	"Masao Ragidagan, Your Highness."
	She blinked.  "Masao?"
	"May I come in, Your Highness?"
	Ayeka tensed, then berated herself.  She had to get over 
this fear of her's, or she would never get any better.  She stood 
up and faced the door.
	"Of course.  Come in, please."
	The door opened, and the orange haired Viscount entered. He 
was holding a small box in purple wrapping paper.  He approached 
cautiously.
	"Your Highness, I wanted to come and apologize again."
	Ayeka took a breath and nodded.  "Thank you, Masao, but if  
you want to begin to make it up to me, I wish you would start by 
not bringing it up again."
	He nodded.  "I understand totally, Your Highness."
	"Thank you, Masao."
	"Do you remember anything..."
	She tensed and shook her head.  "No, nothing."
	He nodded.  "That's probably best," he said.  He took a 
breath and took a step forward.  "Before I go, I...brought you 
something."  He held the package out.
	"Something for me?"
	He smiled gently and nodded.  She took the package from him.
	"Thank you."
	"Open it," he implored her.
	Ayeka offered a smile and opened the package.  Lifting the 
lid off the box she dug into the soft paper within.  "What could 
you have.."  she broke off when she saw what was in the box.  She 
turned pale and began to shake.
	In the box was her headband.
	The left end had been broken off.  She gasped as a memory came 
rushing back to her.  Walking in the forest, she had heard something, 
and as she turned, someone had rushed forward and struck her in the 
head with a bludgeon.
	She dropped the package, headband and all.  She was shaking 
uncontrollably.  She opened her mouth to say something, but no words 
emerged.  She squeezed her eyes shut and cried out as she felt 
someone touch her shoulder.
	Masao whispered in her ear.  "You have no idea how difficult 
it was for me to sign the order for your death."  She tensed as his 
finger caressed her face.  Ayeka was powerless to do anything but 
stand there, paralyzed by fear.  "But I couldn't risk you saying 
anything until I saw you again."
	Ayeka gulped.  Masao ran his fingers through her hair.  A tear 
ran down her cheek.  More memories flooded back to her.  Three weeks 
of pure, nightmarish hell was relived in the space of a few seconds, 
the face of that hell finally recalled.  She whimpered as he moved 
closer.
	There was  a knock at her door.  Masao tensed.
	"Ayeka?"
	"Toshio," she whispered.
	Masao grabbed one of her ponytails and pulled.  Ayeka cried 
out.  He whispered to her harshly.  "Tell him to leave," he hissed.  
He yanked again.  "Tell him."
	Ayeka swallowed and called out.  "I'm...rather busy at the 
moment, Detective Mizuno," she said.  "Please come back later."
	There was silence from the other side of the door.
	<Please come in here!  Please!  Please!  *PLEASE*!>
	"Very well, Princess.  I'll be back later."
	Ayeka squeezed her eyes shut in despair.  Masao leaned closer.  
"Very good.  Now then, where do I start?"
	She whimpered again as she felt his hot breath on her neck.  
Suddenly, she felt him tense next to her and a voice say,
	"I think that's quite enough,"
	Ayeka's eyes opened to find Toshio standing behind Masao, the 
muzzle of his blaster at the back of his ear.
	Masao smiled.  "Ah, Detective Mizuno.  Our brave hero.  How..."
	Toshio leaned forward.  "Ayeka hasn't called me, 'Detective 
Mizuno' since the day we met,"  he explained.  "Let her go,"  Toshio 
whispered in barely subdued rage.  "Or I will take your head off."
	Masao didn't move.  "You wouldn't," he told him.  "The Galaxy 
Police has rules and regulations concerning the treatment of 
suspects."
	"Yeah?"  Toshio asked, "I'll have to read them sometime."
	"Did you have her?" he asked.  Toshio tensed in hatred.  Ayeka 
was still shaking in terror.  "It's quite all right if you did," 
Masao continued.  "But you should have seen her before, at her...debut.  
It was a sight to see...even if the performance *was* mediocre..."
	Toshio slammed the butt of his blaster into the side of
 Masao's head.  The nobleman hit the ground, and got to his knees.  
Ayeka stepped back in fear the second Masao's hands were off her.  
Toshio put the blaster at the back of his head.
	"You know," he hissed, "In my time in the GP, I've *never* 
shot an unarmed man."  There was a *click* as the blaster's safety 
switched off.  "But we Llewecians have a saying.  'For all things 
there is a first time.'"
	Masao blinked, trying to clear his head.  "Your arrogance 
suggests to me that this is also your first time fighting a Jurain
 noble,"  He turned his head to the GP.  "Or did you honestly 
think it would be so easy?"  Suddenly, power logs surrounded Toshio.  
There was a flash, and the detective was thrown backwards, striking 
the nearby stone wall and falling to the floor with a thud.
	Ayeka watched in terror.  "Toshio," she whispered.
	Masao climbed to his feet and turned to him.  Toshio shook 
his head in an attempt to overcome his daze.  He saw Masao and 
raised the blaster.
	Two more, smaller logs appeared near his hand and fired bolts 
of black electricity into his hand.  Toshio cried out and dropped 
the gun.  He looked down at his hand and tried to move his fingers, 
but they wouldn't respond.  A sense of numbness was moving up his 
arm.
	He lunged for the gun with his left hand, but another 
forcefield slammed him back into the wall and pinned him there, the 
energy field crackling around him.
	Masao picked up the blaster and examined it.  "Cute toy," 
he commented dryly before tossing the weapon over his shoulder.  
The gun hit the stone floor with a clatter behind the nobleman.  
He approached Toshio and grinned.
	"Young and vain," he commented wistfully.  "No better than 
my idiot brother."
	Toshio swallowed and rallied.  "What are you going to tell 
them when they find my body, Masao?"  he asked.  "Suicide?  That I 
attacked you?  They'll never believe it."
	Masao grinned.  He turned back and saw Ayeka, standing stock 
still, rooted to the spot in terror.  He turned back to Toshio.  
"The Princess was upset," he said, "She went to you for..." his grin 
widened, "Comfort," he finished.  "You rejected her, and in a fit 
of jealous rage, she killed you."  He paused for effect, watching 
Toshio struggling against the force field.  "Then, grief stricken, 
guilt ridden, and terrified....she took her own life."
	"Nice plan,"  Toshio commented.  "You should write fics."
	Masao grinned again.  "Intuitive improvisation is the 
cornerstone of leadership.  That's an old family motto."
	"My family has a motto too,"  Toshio told him over the 
crackling of the force field.  "Shove it!"
	Masao frowned.  "Good bye, Detective.  And thanks for bringing 
the Princess to me."  
	He raised his finger and prepared to command the forcefield 
to kill him.  Toshio took a deep breath.
	Suddenly, there was a blaster shot.  Masao blinked and looked 
down at his chest.  A burnt hole two inches wide smoked in the 
middle of his torso.  Toshio looked down and found a neat hole in 
the wall next to his hand.
	Masao turned and simultaneously fell to his knees.  Standing 
over him, Toshio's blaster in her hands, Ayeka looked down at him 
as she shook in a mixture of rage and terror.  Masao's eyes went 
wide.  Without a word, he fell to the ground and was silent.  
	The forcefield surrounding Toshio crackled one last time and 
was silent.  Toshio fell to the ground in a heap.  He still couldn't 
feel his right arm, and he was having trouble breathing.  He was 
sure some of his ribs were bruised, maybe even broken.  He looked 
up at Ayeka in amazement.
	She continued to stare at Masao's body, unwilling to believe 
he was dead.
	"Ayeka?"
	She didn't answer.
	"Ayeka?  Are you all right?"
	She blinked and looked at him.  "Toshio?"  
	He watched her drop the blaster and stumble towards him.  
She fell to her knees next to him.
	"Ayeka?"
	He saw the haunted look on her face.  She reached out and 
embraced him, crying into his shoulder.  He grimaced as pain wracked 
his body, but did nothing to push her away.  He held her with his 
good arm.
	They stayed that way until Misaki found them two hours later.

	"Must you go?"  Ayeka asked him.
	Standing in the throne room of the palace, his right arm in 
a sling, Toshio nodded.  The Marshal has extended my leave until 
this heals,"  he raised his wounded arm in emphasis.  "And if I don't 
spend any of it on Llewecia, my mother would never forgive me."
	There was the uspoken reason, the one he wouldn't name, the 
one that Mitsuki had warned him of.  Ayeka could become too attached 
to him for her own good, and worse...
	*He* was becoming attached to *her*.
	It was time to go, to let her heal.
	"I'll never forget you," she said sadly.
	"Nor I you, Ayeka."
	She reached out and hugged him.  Off to the side, Chase and 
the rest of the royal family smiled.  When they parted, he smiled 
and said, 
	"Good bye, Ayeka."
	He turned to go.  Chase fell into step beside him.
	"Toshio!"
	He turned back to Ayeka.
	Ayeka took a breath and began.  "I spent Zotolas with you and 
your family," she told him, gathering a lost tone of command in her 
voice.  "You and your family will spend Startica here.  Is that 
clear?"
	Toshio grinned.  "As a bell, Princess."  
	She smiled.  "Goodbye, Toshio."
	Toshio and Chase started for the landing pads.  Chase started 
for the Arianna while Toshio boarded Lina.  
	The AI was waiting for him there.
	"Got a message from the Marshal," she told him.  "What the 
hell did you do now?"
	He smiled.  "Warm up the engines and display the message, 
Lina."
	The Marshal's face appeared on the screen and the message began 
to play.  "Excellent work, Detective.  I should tell you that the 
royal family has recommended you for a commendation and has 
*demanded* that you be promoted.  To that end, congragulations, 
Detective *First* Class."  Toshio smiled at this.  "Your leave has 
been extended indefinitely and you are going to be given your 
choice of assignments once you return to duty.  Get in contact with 
me at that time, and we'll discuss it.  Once again, congragulations."  
The message ended.
	"Way to go, First Class!"  Lina said as she lifted off the 
pad.  "Be sure to remember the little AI's that helped you when you 
hit Marshal!"
	Toshio thought about what the Marshal had said.  His choice 
of assignments.  He wondered if there was a space in Special 
Investigations for him.  He thought Mitsuki would like that.

	Ayeka turned to the vid screen and took a breath.  Entering 
the proper code sequence, she watched the "Stand By" screen pop up.  
After a few moments, she saw a flash of teal hair and heard someone 
speaking angrily.
	"Dammit, Mihoshi!  Let go of the damn cord!  It works like 
this!"
	"Kiyone?  Mihoshi?"
	"Hey!  It's Ayeka!"  Mihoshi cried.  "Tenchi!  Ryoko!  Ayeka's 
on the comm!"
	"Hello," she said.  Tenchi and Ryoko's faces were on the screen 
a few seconds later. 
	"Ayeka!"  Tenchi cried.  "How are you?!  Are you okay?!"
	She smiled.  "Yes, Tenchi.  I'm okay."
	"When you left, we were so worried,"  he told her.  "Where 
are you?  On Jurai?"
	She nodded.  
	Ryoko pushed to the fore.  "How ya feel'n, Ayeka?"
	Ayeka smiled and threw on a haughty look.  "How I feel is none 
of your concern, you mannerless demon."
	"THAT'S OUR AYEKA!"
	She smiled at Ryoko.  "I'm okay.  But I didn't call to talk 
about me.  I want to hear about everything I've missed."
	Tenchi and Ryoko looked a little nervous.  Quietly, they held 
up their hands, displaying engagement rings.
	Ayeka felt her stomach knot up, but put on a smile anyway.  
"Congragulations," she told them, and meant it.
	"Ayeka,"  Kiyone said, "You can't just call after being gone 
for so long and not tell us what happened!"
	"I'll tell you all about it," she promised.  
	"When I bring Sasami home with me."


Author's Notes:
Please send C&C to...
Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com

Thanks for reading!