Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC and Pioneer. Not me. I just wrote the 
story. So there. 
Author's Opening Thoughts: I like to stay consistent with my Tenchiverses, so 
instead of crossing them, this is set in the Tenchi Universe (Tenchi TV) 
setting. I needed Kiyone in it to make it work... so yeah. Have fun...


			"Partners In Crime"
		               by: Jacob McDonald


	Tenchi stared off into the starry sky, lost in thought. He wondered 
where
they were. What they were doing. Washu had told him that Ryoko had
returned to pirating, and she had a powerful new partner, but he was sure
that Ayeka would never...
	It was at the cliff that Kiyone found him. Tenchi was just staring off
at the stars, almost like he was looking for something. She smiled as
she walked up behind him, slightly to his left.
	"You're wondering where they are, aren't you?" she asked.
	Tenchi was jarred out of his funk and he jumped at the sound of her
voice. Quickly calming down, he smiled at her, "Oh, Kiyone. I didn't hear
you walk up..." he turned back to the stars, "Do you think they're
alright?"
	"I know they are." she put a hand on his shoulder and smiled to comfort
him. He smiled back.
	"Ryoko said they would be back.... but it's been nine months now..."
Tenchi frowned. He missed them both so much...
	"I miss them too." Kiyone said softly, staring at the stars with
him.
	"Really? I'd have thought you'd be glad to be rid of Ryoko..." he 
laughed a
little.
	"Oh... she's not too bad really..." Kiyone shrugged, "I sometimes think
that if I wish for them to be back, they'll be here, and things can be
like they were..."
	"You really miss the old days, huh?"
	"Well... it's just too damned quiet around here without those two!" she
laughed and shook her head, "Never thought I'd be wishing to see a most
wanted space pirate and a princess of Juri again..."
	"I think about them all the time..." Tenchi confessed. The two stood in
silence for several minutes. Kiyone squinted and looked at one star
in particular. It seemed to be growing brighter.
	"Um.... Kiyone...." Tenchi asked as the star started to grow quite
bright. It soon took on a rough shape.
	"That's....!" Kiyone stumbled back.
	"It's Ryo-Ohki!" Tenchi exclaimed.
	"They're entrance velocity is way to fast!" Kiyone yelled, "Hit the
deck!"
	They both dove to the ground as Ryo-Ohki plowed into the
forest, making a huge crater and decimating several hundred square
meters of trees.



	Tenchi and Kiyone dashed into the new clearing and looked around. It
seemed that Ryo-Ohki was decimated. She'd have to regenerate from her egg
form again. Ryoko lay not too far away, in the same position she had been
in when Tenchi had first found her almost a year and a half before.
Mihoshi had shot her down then, but this time there was no logical
explanation for why the cabbit ship had crashed. Tenchi ran over to the
space pirate.
	"Ryoko!" he said, gently shaking her awake.
	"Tenchi!" she cried out and glomped around his neck. He smiled and
hugged her back.
	"I'm so glad you're back and you're okay.... but where's Ayeka?"
	"Over here, Tenchi!" Ayeka called as she limped over.
	Tenchi helped Ryoko to her feet and the two of them ran over to the
injured princess, "Are you alright Miss Ayeka?"
	"Just Ayeka will suffice... I've had a few experiences in space that
have prompted a slight change in my view of the universe as a whole...."
she smiled as Tenchi took one arm and helped her to walk, and Ryoko took
the other, "and I'll be fine once we're inside..."
	Kiyone just smiled a knowing smile and followed behind them as they 
walked back to the house. 
	

	Ayeka sat on the couch in the living room, with Sasami to one side of
her, and Tenchi to the other. On the other side of Tenchi, Ryoko sat. The
rest of the family was gathered about the living room as well, and all
eyes were glued to Ayeka and Ryoko's clothing. Ryoko wore her old
pirating gear, side arm included, but it was Ayeka's get up that had
everyone in shock.
	The first thing that everone noticed was that her hair had been cut down 
to hang just to her shoulders. It was tied back behind her head in a tight 
pony tail. She wore a mid-drift exposing tight black top, with only one sleeve 
that
extended down to her elbow. Over that was a loose fitting violet vest,
and a cape hung from her neck. Her pants were loose black silk, and a
violet and gold cord of cloth encircled her waist. Most notable however,
was the gold hilted saber that hung from her cloth belt. The out fit
definitely highlighted her curves, and Nobuyuki was using all the self
restraint he could muster to not go dash after his camera. The crown was
back on her head, after having spent almost nine months on Sasami's.
	The little princess for her part was just glad that her big sister was
back and hadn't stopped hugging her for more then three minutes since
they'd been back to the house.
	"So where to begin?" Ayeka asked Tenchi.
	"How about at the beginning... what happened that made you two run off
into space?"
	"We'll do our best to explain it all to you..." Ryoko said.
	The group leaned in closer as the space pirate and the princess began
their tale.



	"You stuck up, whiny, prissy, little...."
	"... crude, rude, bitchy, gutter mouthed...."
	They probably could have gone on for hours, but the insults stopped
flying as soon as the fists did. Tenchi had told them not to fight while
they were in town, but Ryoko had said something about Ayeka's cup size at
the Victoria's Secret, and Ayeka had responded in kind with a barb about
Ryoko's more then ample assets, and the argument had persisted and
changed direction several times before they were in the middle of the
park on their way back to the bus stop. There they had broken down and
started to fight in earnest.
	Now Ayeka found herself being pushed towards a small pond. Determined
not to get wet, she dropped suddenly and rolled, throwing Ryoko over her
head and at the pond directly.
	Ryoko, who was far less concerned with using her powers in public simply
floated to a stop and spun around with an energy blast ready. Power
logs jumped up to deflect the blast, and it blew up a near by ice cream
stand. The two engaged again in hand to hand combat as horrified
civilians ran for cover.
	Several minutes latter, they were grappling near a large statue when a
blaster shot took a good chunk out of the stone figure. They turned to
see a fuming Kiyone, and a somewhat decimated park. The GP woman was
seething.
	"I had to run all the way here from the mall to stop the two of you when
I saw this on the news! I was at work!" she growled, stalking forward,
"Just what the hell are the two of you doing, blasting the park apart
like this!"
	"Well... um...." Ryoko kicked at some dirt on the ground.
	"You see.... that is to say..." Ayeka turned red and looked away.
	"Ryoko! This is all your fault! I'm gonna' get you, sucka!" Kiyone
shouted and pointed her blaster right at the space pirates head.



	"Hey!" Kiyone yelled at the space pirate who sat telling the story in
the living room. All eyes turned to her, "I never said or did that!"
	"Well it was close enough!" Ryoko shot back with a grin.
	"Maybe I should tell this part then?" Ayeka prompted. They all settled
down again and waited for the story to continue.



	"What did you do this time Ryoko?" Kiyone asked.
	"She started it!" Ryoko said, pointing to Ayeka.
	"I did not! You instigated this whole mess by insulting me!"
	"I poked fun at you because you have smaller boobs then I do, Princess!
It was all in good fun!"
	"I see! And all those insults you were throwing at me?"
	"Hey, you were the one who started THAT!" Ryoko and Ayeka locked eyes
again and were about to go back at it when Kiyone shouted at them.
	"Stop it!" she screamed, "Now the Earth police are sending a swat team
down here to stop the two of you! Get out of here right now! Scatter!
Different directions! Now!" she ordered. Ryoko and Ayeka grabbed their
bags and ran off in different directions. Kiyone growled one last time
and then ran over to a bush to hide and make it look like she had just
been caught in the middle of it.



	Ayeka walked slowly down the path, looking around as she did. Just a few
more meters...
	She finally reached the sidewalk. Across the street, down an ally,
and...
	"Freeze!" a voice behind her, said. She turned slowly to see a cop with 
a
gun pointed at her. She smiled and a single power log appeared next to
the man.
	"Now put your hands out where I can see them..." the man was saying. A
single energy bolt blasted into him and he fell to the ground as if he'd
just been slugged by a champion boxer. Ayeka nodded, sure he was
still alive, and ran again. She could hear sounds of pursuit. She needed
a way to shake them... she started to climb a fire escape.
	Once she was up top, she walked a short distance, then stopped. They
wouldn't think to look up on the roof tops. She could just wait here
until the heat blew over, then walk home...
	"Ayeka! Sniper behind you!" Ryoko called out as she descended from the
sky.
	The princess had her power logs up in a split second as the gunshot
bounced off the force shield. She turned and saw the man already closing
from the other side of the roof, a handgun held tightly in his grip. She 
quickly
dropped down into a fighting stance and, as he neared her for the tackle
that would make his career, she kicked out and knocked him back. He saw
Ryoko then and fired a shot off at her.
	The Jurian force shield deflected the bullet, and it bounced back at the
police officer. His eyes widened as Ryoko instinctually threw a return
energy blast to follow it.
	The officer hit the rooftop, a bullet hole in his chest, and blast mark
on the side of his head.
	Both women stared in shock for a moment, then rushed forward. He was
dead before they even touched him to make sure. They both sat back and
looked at each other.
	"We killed him..." Ayeka said.
	"Yeah.... I used to do this all the time... blast cops and guards.... I
never thought I'd kill an innocent earth cop though... I mean, Kiyone can
take care of herself...." she trailed off.
	"What are we going to do?" Ayeka asked.
	"Well, do we agree that it was self defense?" Ayeka nodded, "And do we
agree that we both killed him?" she thought for a moment, then nodded
again, "Then we tell Tenchi and-"
	"No! We can't tell Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka burst into tears, "He would never
forgive us!"
	"Then what? What should we do?"
	"We...." Ayeka thought on it for a moment. She looked up at the dusk
filled sky and sighed, "We should leave the planet for a while, at least
until things cool down...."
	"You sound like a seasoned criminal..." Ryoko chuckled.
	"I'm serious Ryoko..." Ayeka shook her head as a tear ran down her
cheek.
	"You really want to go into space and come back later?" Ryoko asked.
Ayeka nodded slowly, "With ME?" Ryoko wasn't believing this.
	"We both did this..." she motioned to the dead man, "So we both must
leave..." she looked up with tears in her eyes, "Will you... tell Tenchi
that we're leaving? Just so he knows, don't tell him why..."
	Ryoko could see that the princess was really scared. A voice in the back
of her head nagged at her for a few seconds, and then a soft spot formed
in the space pirate's heart. She nodded yes, helped Ayeka up and
teleported them back to the train station.



	"So you killed a cop?" Tenchi asked grimly, "I heard about that on the
news... that guy had a wife...."
	"We're sorry...." Ayeka said, looking at the floor, "We didn't mean to
kill him..."
	"And he was using a little too much force then was really needed for two
woman..." Ryoko put in.
	"We'll talk about it later." Yosho said with a nod, "Let's hear the
rest of the story first."



	Ayeka had gone straight to the tree in the woods to wait for Ryoko after
they had arrived home. Ryoko for her part went to find Ryo-Ohki, then
Tenchi. She found him in his room, doing homework.
	"Ryoko..." he said with a sigh as she walked through the door, "I'm
trying to study, can you leave me alone for a little while?"
	"Tenchi..." she said, he voice wavering.
	Tenchi looked up from his books when he heard the sound of her voice. He
saw that she was crying, "Ryoko, what's wrong?" he got up and walked over
to her.
	"Something's happened.... I'm going to be leaving for a little
while...."
	"What? Ryoko, what happened?"
	"I can't say... Ayeka made me promise not to... she's coming with me
Tenchi..."
	"Was it something I did-"
	"No!" Ryoko said, hugging him tightly. Tenchi was startled by her sudden
intensity, "It's nothing you did! Please, Tenchi, make me a promise?"
	"What Ryoko? What is it?" he pulled her to arms length.
	"Promise me you'll wait for us.... I love you...." she choked on her
tears, but continued, "and I'm sure Ayeka does too... we just need to go
away for a little while... maybe a few months or so...."
	"What is going on Ryoko?"
	"Promise me you'll wait for us!" she cried.
	"I promise." Tenchi said softly. Ryoko hugged him and cried again. He
held her and let her sob into him. After a few moments, she pulled away.
	"Goodbye, Tenchi. We'll be back soon... wait for us." she floated into
the air.
	"Ryoko, wait! What ever it was that happened, I want to help! Don't go!"
he started to reach for her, but she was already fading out of existence.
	"Goodbye Tenchi...." her voice carried as she vanished into nothingness.
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi said softly as he stared at the spot in the air where
she had been.



	Ryoko floated above the floor in Ayeka and Sasami's room. She had just 
one more task before she left. Gently, she lay Ayeka's crown on Sasami's 
pillow, as the elder princess had instructed her to do. A tear fell from 
Ryoko's eye and landed on the pillow. 
	Ryoko shook her head and blinked out again.



	Ryoko appeared at the tree where Ayeka stood quietly. She looked up as
the space pirate and the cabbit floated over. Ryoko wiped some tears
from her eyes, and gave a weak smile, "Ready for an adventure, Princess?"
	Ayeka nodded sadly and Ryo-Ohki transformed. The two women were on the 
ship in a matter of seconds, and it quickly flew off into space. 



	Seveal hours latter, Ryoko was growing weary of not talking. Ayeka had 
just sat on the floor and not said a word since they had left the earth. 
Finally, Ryoko snapped.
	"Would you say something? I'm going nuts here!" 
	Ayeka jumped almost ten feet in the air, but quickly settled down, 
"Ryoko, I've never acually killed anyone before, and I can't say it's an 
experience I realish. I know this isn't effecting you like it's effecting me, 
since you have commited several murders..."
	"Ryo-Ohki! Stop!" Ryoko cut the princess off. The cabbit ship came to a 
sudden halt and Ayeka looked up at Ryoko in shock. The space pirate strode 
forward and picked the Jurian Princess up by the front of her dress, "Listen, 
Princess, I never killed anyone that didn't shoot at me first, or that didn't 
deserve it. I don't LIKE killing people! How dare you say this isn't effecting 
me! I'm just trying not to let it get to me! I did that the first time I 
killed a man, and let me tell you
it will eat at your guts and your brain, and you'll go nuts. If it hadn't been 
for Ryo-Ohki, I would have gone insane and just drifted in space forever! Now 
I'm not to happy about having to leave Tenchi, and I'm sure you're not either, 
so let's just try to stay on each other's good sides okay?"
	Ayeka gulped, "Okay..." Ryoko set her back down slowly, then sank to the 
floor next to her.
	"You know, Princess, we're gonna need to find a way to survive out 
here..." 
	"I can tap my accounts if we need money..." Ayeka was cut off by a load 
meyow from Ryo-Ohki.
	"What? Put it up on the screen." Ryoko responded. A veiw screen popped 
up, and a reporter was giving information on a GP press release.
	"The space pirate Ryoko is belived to be at large again, following the 
murder of a law enforcment agent on a pre-contact world today..." that was all 
the two of them needed to hear. 
	"Maybe it would be better to keep a low profile..." Ayeka said.
	"Kiyone!" Ryoko cursed, "That little bitch! Always looking for a 
promotion!" 


	"Hey! That wasn't my fault! I went though a lot durring all this too you 
know!" Kiyone said, somewhat miffed. 
	"Yeah, but we didn't know that then...." Ryoko said, giving her an 
apoligetic look. 
	"Okay, time for me to jump in and start telling a bit of the story 
then...." Kiyone sighed. Where to start.



	"Mihoshi, I don't want you to tell Tenchi or the others about this..." 
Kiyone said to her partner as they looked at the police reports that Yagami 
had pulled up for them. Ryoko or Ayeka had killed a cop. Which ever one it 
was, they had both vanished from the planet. Yagami's sensor records showed 
that Ryo-Ohki had left the earth almost three hours before the detective's 
patrol time.
	That meant they were long gone by now. 
	"So what do we do?" Mihoshi asked.
	"We'll have to report this to HQ..." Kiyone siged. As much as she 
bitched about Ryoko being a most wanted criminal, she really didn't mind 
having the space pirate around. She was all right when you got to know her. 
	"Will they make us go back to HQ?" Mihoshi asked, suddenly tearing up.
	"Maybe, or they might just make us stay here and wait for Ryoko and 
Ayeka to return. It's hard to say." Kiyone was already punching in the command 
lines she needed to contact HQ with a Level One alert. Two minutes latter, the 
face of the Marshal of Criminal Investigation Unit 9 popped up on the screen. 
	"Detective Kiyone! You have sent in a Level One alert! Report!" he 
barked. 
	"Sir, it appears that a murder has been commited on Earth, and the party 
responibal may be either the Space Pirate Ryoko, or the Princess Ayeka Juri. I 
am requesting orders on how to handle the situation." Kiyone reported.
	"Who was killed?"
	"A native law enforcment officer..." Kiyone winced as the Marshal 
yelled.
	"What?!? The Space Pirate Ryoko killed an officer of the law on a pre-
contact world? That violates at least thirty different Galactic Laws!"
	"She IS a most wanted criminal sir... but what about Ayeka?"
	"What about her? We can't very well go around telling the Galaxy that 
the First Princess of Juri is a killer and a pirate now! Juri would have our 
heads! No, we blame this on Ryoko, and if Ayeka comes up at some point, she'll 
be a hostage taken by a desperate criminal. Got it?" the Marshal was glaring.
	"Yes Sir..." Kiyone said, and nudged Mihoshi. The blond nodded as well.
	"Yes Sir." she said. 
	"Good. Now you two are to report to HQ at once where you will recive 
orders on leading a task force to find and capture Ryoko. GPHQ out." the 
screen went dark. 
	"Damnit!" Kiyone cursed, slamming a fist into the consoul. It beeped at 
her in protest, but she ignored it. 
	"Kiyone? What are we going to do?" Mihoshi asked, tears in her eyes.
	"We follow orders...." Kiyone growled, punching in a course for GPHQ, 
"But we will get to the bottom of this, alright?" she turned to her partner 
with a smile, "I promise you that. We'll figure this out, and get Ryoko and 
Ayeka off, okay?"
	"Okay!" Mihoshi brightened instantly, "We can do it! We're the best team 
of detectives the GP has ever had!" Mihoshi clapped and bounced in her seat. 
Kiyone grimiced and finished setting in the course. 
	"I hope you're right Mihoshi, because this is going to be hell..." 
Kiyone said to herself. 
	Yagami blasted off into space.



	"So they wanted to pin the blame on Ryoko and let Ayeka off with no 
consequences?" Nobuyuki asked.
	"Yeah. Not too fair huh?" Kiyone replied.
	"Well, I am a princess...." Ayeka said with a smirk. Ryoko reached over 
and tugged at her hair, "Ow! You brat!" she threw a playful look at the 
pirate, who smiled back. 
	Tenchi looked back and forth between them. He was confused. Oh well, 
best not to think to hard about it, "Let's get on with the story..." he said, 
prompting the three story tellers to continue. 


	
	"Why didn't they mention me?" Ayeka wondered.
	"Because they want to protect the Princess of Juri." Ryoko growled.
	"Well then... I guess I'm off the hook!" Ayeka stood up. 
	"Don't forget that you killed that guy too!" Ryoko shot at her.
	Ayeka looked like she was about to say something back, but stopped. It 
would be dishonest, and unhonorable to just refute the fact that she had 
killed the officer. She and Ryoko had both done it. She had gotten herself 
into this mess, and now she had to get out on her own as well. 
	She stared into Ryoko's golden, cat like eyes. Well, not all on her 
own....
	The princess slowly nodded her head. She put a hand out. Ryoko looked at 
it quizically for a moment, then took it. They shook.
	"We promise here and now to work together to get out of this mess." 
Ayeka said in a confident voice.
	Ryoko grinned at her tone, "Agreed! Now, where to?" she led Aeyeka over 
to the veiw screen and said, "Ryo-Ohki, give me a map of planets we can reach 
before you have to rest." a map popped up quickly and Ryoko looked it over, 
"Oh, come on! I know you can do better then that!" 
	"Miya!" the ship responded.
	"Well tough it out then! I'll give you a few carrots if you can make it 
thirty parsects further then this." Ryoko gestured at the screen.
	"Miyow!" several more planets came into veiw on the screen. Ryoko 
pointed to one of them. 
	"There. Vesbala 7. I have some friends there that will help us." she 
nodded. 
	"Um... what exactly do you plan on doing?" Ayeka asked.
	"Well, as long as we're out here, and we're on the lamb, a little 
pirating wont hurt! We need the cash anyway!"
	"We most certianly will not be pirating while we are running from the 
law! We are suposed to be hidding, in case you have forgotten!" Ayeka was 
furious.
	"Well, we can't just take the moeny out of your accounts! Kiyone is 
probobly going to be assigned to this case, and that's the first thing she's 
going to look for!" 
	"Well then, we'll just have to get jobs like we did before..."
	"And how well did that work? The only reason we had cash before is 
because I stole it for us!" 
	"From my people!" Ayeka squealed. 
	"So we'll only knock off merchent ships and stuff like that! No 
banks..." 
	"We are not going to be pirating!" 
	"Do you want to see Tenchi again?" Ryoko asked.
	Ayeka stopped. Ryoko did have a point. They would need money, and both 
of them had proved highly ineffective at earing it in the past. She couldn't 
just tip the Galaxy Police off of their location right away, that would be 
stupid, and if they didn't hit and Jurian banks or merchents....
	Was she really thinking that becoming a pirate was they're only viable 
option? Then again, if they were to make it though this and make it back to 
Tenchi....
	"People will reconize me.... it's okay if they know who you are, but the 
First Princess of Juri isn't expected to be robbing people..." it was Ayeka's 
last plea for some kind of sanity. 
	Ryoko cocked her head to one side, "I hadn't though of that... oh well! 
We'll just have to change your apperence a little so they wont know who you 
are...." 
	"Now wait just a moment! What are you going to do to me?"
	"Calm down Ayeka!" Ryoko laughed, "I'm not Washu! I wont turn you into a 
water sprite or something!" 
	Ayeka's lips quirked up into a smile. In a moment she and Ryoko were 
laughing together. 



	"I checked all your account records first..." Kiyone mused, "Ryoko, you 
sure know how we work at the GP..."
	"You learn a thing or two when you're a most wanted criminal. There's a 
reason I'm the best!" 
	"Yeah, well, things just went from bad to worse at that point on the GP 
front..." Kiyone said.


	
	Kiyone scanned the orders they had recived and shook her head. They were 
being given temporary promotions to Luetenit Detective, twenty ships with 
thirty five officers each to command, and placement in the Anti-Pirate 
Investigation Unit 2. It was the case of a life time for both of them. 
	And the assignment was to hunt down and arrest their friends. 
	Kiyone's eyes kept returning to a single line in the orders, 'When 
atempting to aprehend the space pirate Ryoko, leathal force is authorized.'
	She shuddred as she turned to Mihoshi, "Let's get some sleep in HQ 
housing tonight. I've requested that Yagami be upgraded to Alpha Class Cruiser 
for this assignment." 
	"Okay...." Mihoshi had acually read over the orders for once as well, 
and she didn't seem to like the assignment. Kiyone didn't blame her. She 
disliked it just as much, but orders were orders. She was hoping she could use 
the investigation as cover for her own activities, so she could find Ryoko and 
Ayeka and see what really happened before she had to arrest them for something 
they didn't do. 
	As they walked to their assigned rooms in HQ housing, a familure (yet 
grating) voice fell on they're ears. 
	"Kiiiooonnneeyyyy!" called a rather bubbly red head as she trotted down 
the hall towards them. Kiyone frowned and turned to Mihoshi.
	"Go on ahead... I'll deal with Mitsuki..."
	"Okay Kiyone..." Mihoshi looked concerned, but she went on ahead any 
way, waving to Mitsuki as she went by. 
	"So I hear you've finnaly been promoted, even if it is only 
temporary..." the red head smiled as she reached Kiyone. 
	"Yeah... I'm hoping that we'll be able to capture Ryoko before too long 
and maybe they'll let us keep the positions..." 
	"Well, if anyone can do it, it's you Kiyone! What with the experience 
you've had with Ryoko and all, being most wanted criminals with her for so 
long..."
	"Hey, might I remind you that I was on the winning side of that little 
dispute...." Kiyone growled. 
	Mitsuki's friendly demenor vanished as soon as Kiyone showed a little 
hostility, "Well I can't help that I was following orders, unlike you! If you 
try to pull another stunt like that, even if you do end up being right, then 
I'll have you Coart Marshled faster then you can say Life Sentence! I'm still 
head of the SI unit, Kiyone, and I'm going to be all over you on this case!"
	"You just give me the room I need to work, and I might let you apoligize 
to me when I have Ryoko behind bars!" 
	"Whatever. You and I both know that she'll get away from you no matter 
what you do! I don't care how well you know her! She's too random! She' been 
at large for a long time, and there's a reason for that!"
	"Oh, I think I may know her better then you think!" Kiyone and Mitsuki 
locked eyes and looked like they were about to start a fist fight right there 
in the middle of the HQ hall way, but a man to their right cleared his throat. 
They were both startled and turned to see who it was. 
	"Lord Kamidake!" Mitsuki said, bowing, "I didn't see you there!" 
	"That's quite alright, Mitsuki." Kiyone's eyes were wide with suprise. 
He had used her first name only! That meant he was...
	"Kamidake! When did you become a GP ambasador from Juri?" Kiyone stepped 
forward and he gave her a monster hug. She hugged back and they looked at one 
another for a few moments. 
	"You look well, Kiyone."
	"As do you!" she smiled at him, then remembered Mitsuki. She turned and 
looked at the red head, grinning. She was staring slack jawed.
	"You are in major breach of conduct!" Mitsuki yelled.
	"I'm off duty right now acually..." Kiyone said with a smug smile, "And 
acually, Kamidake, would you care to have dinner?" she held out her arm.
	He took it with a smile, "I'd be delighted. I'll see you at my departure 
tomaorrow, Mitsuki?" 
	"Ye-yes.... you will...." she glared at Kiyone. Some things never 
changed. 	As they walked to one of the restuarants the GPHQ housed, Kamidake 
asked, "You two know each other?"
	"We go all the way back to the acadamy... she was always just that one 
step ahead of me in almost everything. The only placed I beat her were flying, 
hand to hand combat skills, and dating." Kiyone laughed.
	"Um...." Kamidake remembered Mitsuki asking him if he wanted to have 
dinner a few nights before. He had declined because he had a meeting to 
attend, but now he was free for the night, so he had agreed to go with Kiyone, 
"What do you mean 'dating'?"
	"Well, I'd always have the better date, or I'd steal hers right at the 
last minute. It was my little revenge for her always out doing me."
	"I was afraid of that...." Kamidake could feel the sweat starting to 
form under us collar. 


	
	"Way to score 'em Kiyone!" Ryoko said with a fair amount of glee.
	"It's not like that!" Kiyone said with a blush, "At least is wasn't 
then..." she added, much more quietly. 
	Ayeka's eye brows shot up, "You mean to say...." she stopped and her jaw 
dropped. Then she laughed.
	"What?" Kiyone asked, getting a little angry. Her face turned an even 
deeper shade of red. 
	"Nothing... nothing...." Ayeka shook her head. She would have to talk to 
Kamidake about this next time she saw him, "Any ways, we reached Vesbala 7..."




	Ryo-Ohki happily munched on a carrot that Ayeka was feeding her. The 
princess stared down at the cabbit absently, lost in thought. Her lips were 
slightly upturned at the corners, and a calmness about her made it look as if 
nothing in the world was wrong.
	They sat at a table in a small resurant in a city called New Horig on 
Vesbala 7. Ryoko had dropped them off there, assuring them she would return in 
a few hours, and Ayeka had ordered food for herself and Ryo-Ohki with what 
little money she had with her. It had been a plesent meal, and now as she 
watched the cabbit chomp away at her carrot, she couldn't help but wonder what 
kind of new adventures they would have.
	"Never a dull moment when your Mistress is around, that's for sure..." 
Ayeka said to Ryo-Ohki. The cabbit looked up at her and smiled. It struck the 
princess suddenly how comical it was that neither rabits or cats could acually 
'smile' but Ryo-Ohki manadged to do it with ease. She laughed and patted fuzzy 
animal. 
	"So what now?" Ayeka asked her companion, who simply purred and rubbed 
against her in responce. The Jurian smiled again and started to feed her 
another carrot, "You don't have too many wories do you? You have your carrots 
and a few friends and you're all set, huh?" her smiled faded, "I wish I didn't 
need more then that..." her look turned to saddness, and Ryo-Ohki stopped 
eating her carrot. She looked up at the princess and miyowed.
	"Tenchi...." Ayeka said to herself as a tear dropped onto the table. 
Ryo-Ohki blinked as the tear hit the table and jumped back. She pounced 
forward suddenly and splatered the salty drop of  moisture across the wooden 
surface. Ayeka laughed again and wiped her eyes. No use in crying over 
something that wasn't going to change for a while.... she petted the cabbit, 
who once again started to munch away at her carrot. 
	Ryoko walked up to the table almost two hours latter to find Ayeka fast 
asleep, her head laying across her arms. Ryo-Ohki sat watch, and jumped up 
when the space pirate aproched. 
	"Miya miya!" she said.
	"Yeah, it took a little longer then I thought to find him, but I did 
it." Ryoko said with a smile, "You watching after Ayeka?"
	"Miya!" the little defender said with pride and puffed out her chest. 
Ryoko laughed, a mirthful sound, light and care free. It felt good to be back 
on her own turf. She missed Tenchi and the earth, but it would only be a few 
months and then they could go back. Until then, she intended to have a little 
fun, and maybe even loosen Ayeka up a little bit. 
	"Naw... wont happen." she said to herself with a snicker. She gently 
shook the slumbering princesses shoulder. Ayeka woke with a start. The first 
thing she saw was Ryoko's golden eyes, staring down at her.
	"Nap time's over Princess." Ryoko said.
	"How long has it been?" Ayeka checked a clock on the wall as she rubbed 
at the lines her sleave had made in her face as she slept on it, "You've been 
gone quite some time..."
	"It took a little longer then I thought it would." Ryoko shrugged and 
sat down at the table, "But I found one of my friends, and he agreed to help 
us out."
	"I'm not sure I want to trust a space pirate..." Ayeka said with a look 
of worry.
	"What do you think I am?"
	"Do I trust you?"
	"Good point..." Ryoko smiled, "But don't worry, Hamelt is a man of his 
word. He owes me for a favor from a few years back. We can trust him... and if 
he does try anything funny, I'll kill him!" she smiled.
	"What a nice way to regaurd your friends..." Ayeka shrugged, "But if you 
say so... you know more about these things then I do I supose..."
	"Then let's go meet him." Ryoko tugged at her arm as she got up.
	"Very well... check please!" Ayeka called to a passing waitress. 



	 
	Ryoko knocked on the door of a small dingy aprtment in a squat little 
building on the west side of town. She and Ayeka waited for almost four 
minutes before the door opened to reveal a man inside. 
	He was quite tall, almost six and a half feet. His eyes were black and 
penetrating, and his long balck hair was pulled back behind his head and tied 
with a strip of leather. A scar ran the length of his face, from his hair line 
down his cheek to his neck, and then down almost to his collar bone. He would 
have seemed quite fearsom, if it hadn't been for the huge smile splayed across 
his face.
	"Ryoko!" he said in a deep smooth voice. He gave her a hug and she 
hugged back, "And who's your Jurian friend?"
	Ayeak wondered at him knowing her nationality, but then she remembered 
her robes. She smiled at him and he looked at her quizically for a moment, 
then his smile vanished. He grabbed both of them and dragged them inside the 
apartment. 
	Hamelt rushed away and came back a moment latter with a ten Juri bill. 
He looked from the picture on it, back to the princess. Stumbling back, he 
looked at Ryoko.
	"You kidnapped the Princess of Juri?" he asked, "What are you trying to 
do to me? Get me killed?"
	"She came with me, stupid!" Ryoko burst out laughing, "We're friends... 
well, sort of friends. Call us temporary partners." 
	"You are the most randomly screwed up girl I have ever had the 
displeasure of knowing, Ryoko." Hamelt said as he shook his head.
	"You got that impression of her too?" Ayeka asked. Ryoko gave her a 
look. Ryo-Ohki meowed. 
	"Shut up!" Ryoko said, plucking the cabbit off her shoulder and tossing 
her onto the couch a little ways away. 
	"Well, first things first then... we can't have you running around in 
those robes..." Hamlet said to Ayeka. He dug in his pocket and came up with a 
credit card, "This has four thousand Juri on it, but I'd like to keep some of 
that.... Ryoko, take her shoping. Then come back here and we'll see what we 
can do to make her look a little more like a pirate." he nodded. 
	"What is all this about?" Ayeka asked.
	"Well, I told you we had to change your appearence. It just so happens 
that Hamlet here is a man of a thousand faces. He's robbed places that still 
don't know they were robbed, 'cause he looked just like a security gaurd." 
Ryoko shook her head, "Seems like too much work for me... I prefer to just 
blast my way in and take the stuff!"
	"That's why I had to come get you out of jail at least seven times...." 
Hamlet said pointedly.
	"Weeeeellllll..... Let's get going Ayeka!" she grabbed the princesses 
arm and dragged her out the door, "We'll be back in an hour! Give Ryo-Ohki 
some carrot juice if you can!" 
	"Fine. See you then!" Hamlet waved.
	Ayeka, still in shock about having to change her appearence, just 
stumbled along behind Ryoko in silence. 



	The New Horig market place was not only huge and teeming with every kind 
of merchindise you could ever want to get your hands on, but full of people. 
Ayeka had never seen a market quite like this one before. It was shaped like a 
square, with one side cut out, and several smaller sqares inside of it. The 
outer edges of the market consisted of buildings, rather then the booths or 
shacks some venders had put up. 
	"It reminds me of a carnival..." Ayeka said as they walked into 
building. Ryoko laughed and dragged her over to a section of the shop where a 
large sign said, 'Clothing.' They stopped in front of a rack of shirts. Ryoko 
started to pick through them, and came up with a black one that she liked. She 
looked at herself in a mirror. 
	"What do ya' think, Ayeka?" she asked. 
	"Well, it looks nice on you, but what about me?" 
	"Your boobs aren't big enough for it..." Ryoko smirked at her. Ayeka 
turned red and looked like she was about to hit the pirate when Ryoko laughed.
	"What's so funny?" Ayeka fummed. 
	"You! I'm just having a little fun Ayeka! Come on, let's find you some 
good pireting clothes, then we'll look for a good out fit for me..." 
	"But-"
	"No buts! Come on! Help me find something that will make you.... um... 
sexy and dangerous looking." Ryoko started looking through the rack or shirts 
again. 
	Ayeka frowned, "Shouldn't we be looking for something a bit less 
noticable?"
	"No! Ayeka, intimidation is half the buisness in pirating... if you look 
scary enough, most people don't screw with you..." 
	"Oh..." Ayeka started looking over a few pairs of pants. She didn't want 
the tight, form fitting outfits that Ryoko seemed prone to, but she wouldn't 
mind looking a little... sexier for a change. She found a pair of black pants 
that would fit her loosely. They reminded her of her sparing uniform from when 
she was learning the Juri fighting style when she was growing up. She took 
them with her, and then a vest caught her eye. It was violet, much like her 
hair. She grabbed that as well. Ryoko came back with a few shirts, and then a 
few minutes latter, with some boots. By then, Ayeka had found another pair of 
pants she liked. 
	"Great, let's try all this on and see what we can do..." Ryoko pushed 
her to the changing room.



	Ayeka walked out of the shop wearing a mid drift exposing shirt with 
sleaves that went down to her elbows, and the loose black pants she had found. 
Her boots were black, and she wore the violet vest as well. Ryoko held several 
bags with her new clothing in them, and they started back to Hamlets place. 
	"It's still missing something..." Ayeka said to Ryoko as they walked 
through the crowds of people. 
	"You need a blaster or something...." Ryoko replied, "I'll see if I can 
get you one..."
	"I most certianly do not need a blaster..." Ayeka frowned at Ryoko then 
looked past her as something caught her eye. She walked over to a booth that 
had been set up, almost in a daze, and took down from a peg out side the 
window of the booth, a violate cape that matched her vest and her hair. She 
threw in over her shoulders and looked at herself in a mirror that had been 
set up. 
	"So regal a lady deserves to have a regal belt to go with her new 
cape..." the old man running the small tailor's shop said. He handed her a 
silken cord of cloth, violet, streaked with gold, and she tied it around her 
waist. She turned back to Ryoko. 
	"Pay then man then. This is what I needed." she nodded and smiled as 
Ryoko's smile grew. The pirate smiled so wide her fangs showed. She payed the 
merchant, and they walked off. 
	As they made their way to the edge of the crowd, almost out of the 
market, a small path suddenly cleared before them. Standing at the other side 
of the path was a group of three men. They were all dressed for battle, and 
carried swords and blasters with them. 
	"So we hear you're back into the pirating buisness now Ryoko..." on of 
the men, obviously the leader of the gang, said.
	"Harry, I don't want any trouble with you..." Ryoko shook her head, "I'm 
retiered from pirating, but for now, I'm just gonna' have a little fun, that's 
all." she smiled.
	"A little fun, huh? They why don't we reminis about the old days? When 
we used to do this!" Harry pulled a blaster from his side and fired off two 
shots. 
	They bounced off the Jurian force field that had popped up suddenly. 
	As Harry stood blinking, wondering what had just happened, Ryoko flew 
forward and decked him in the jaw. He flew back and landed with a thud. His 
two men didn't hesitate like Ryoko had thought they would however, and one of 
them smashed her over the head with the butt end of his blaster. She fell to 
the ground and the other man pointed his gun down at her. 
	Ayeka rushed forward when she saw Ryoko hit the ground, and shoulder 
blocked the man pointing the gun at her as he was about to pull the trigger. 
The shot when wild and hit the other thug in the shoulder, spinning him away. 
	By that time, Harry had gotten back to his feet and was running at Ayeka 
with a battle cry, drawing his sword. The princess looked up and saw him 
decending on her with fury in his eyes.
	What happend next was almost too fast for her to follow. Ryoko stood up 
and punched the thug that Ayeka had knocked away as he pointed his blaster 
again, and a cord of wire with energy coursing along it and two heavy balls at 
either end of it spun out of the crowd. The man Ryoko hit fell to the ground, 
spitting blood and a few teeth, and the wire wrapped it's self around Harry, 
tripping him up and sending him to the ground. The energy blasted him twice 
before he lay still. 
	Ryoko stood and helped Ayeka to her feet from where she had fallen after 
knocking the thug away. They looked for the source of their aid, and when they 
saw it, they both stood stock still in fright. 
	Nagi walked out of the crowd and over to Harry. She pulled a small 
computer out of her cloak and punched a few buttons on it. It hummed for a 
moment, then she shook her head in disgust. 
	"Harry here is only a four thousand Juri bounty, even alive. I must be 
lowering my standards..." Nagi kicked the man in the ribs and turned to the 
two woman standing ther. 
	"You're a most wanted criminal again Ryoko, and it seems you're bringing 
the princess along for the ride.... again..." she smiled, a look that 
unsettled both of the woman she was adressing, "So why don't the two of you 
run off now? I haven't gotten a good enough look to confirm that you were 
here..." 
	"Why are you helping us, Nagi?" Ryoko asked as she and Ayeka started to 
walk away from her.
	"Because I know something you don't know...." Nagi said, and smiled 
again. Ryoko scowled at her and then she and Ayeka ran off down an ally way. 



	
	"Yeah.... um...." Kiyone cleared her throat, "That was one of the things 
I got in trouble for latter..."
	"So it was you that hired her then." Ryoko said, "Good move, Kiyone. 
Keeping her off of us like that by paying her to protect us instead."
	"Yeah..." Kiyone frowned, but then she continued with her part of the 
story.


	

	"Are they okay then?" Kiyone asked.
	"Ryoko will have a nasty bump on her head from the blow she took, but 
other then that, they're fine." Nagi reported over the com link she had 
established once she had Ken-Ohki in orbit. 
	"Good... try to keep them that way?" Kiyone said.
	"You're paying me enough to keep from taking them in..." Nagi said, 
"Besides, I don't have a quarle with Ryoko any more... not after what she did 
for that boy..."
	"Thanks Nagi, this means a lot to Mihoshi and me."
	"Don't mention it. Nagi out."
	"Kiyone out." the Galaxy Police woman, punched a button on her new Alpha 
Class Yagami. She turned her attention to the diagram on her tactical display 
that showed all of the ships under her command. 
	All except one. A Jurian tree ship was just to her starbord side, and 
Kamidake was on board, ready to aid his Princess in any way he could. After 
she had explained the situation to him, he had asked to acompony them, and she 
had agreed. It would lend more credibility to the GP story of Ayeka being held 
captive by Ryoko, she had explained to her supiriors, and they had agreed. 
	Kiyone got up and walked to the ships kitchen. There, she found Mihoshi, 
busy stuffing her face. 
	"It's time to move, Mihoshi." Kiyone said in a somewhat annoyed voice.
	"Oookappphhh, Kayhonhay!" Mihoshi said through a mouthful of crackers. 
The teal haired woman shook her head and walked back to the bridge, where her 
blond partner joined her a moment latter. 
	Kiyone opened a GP frequency, "Attention all ships!Opperation Star Hunt 
in now underway! Set courses for Vesbala 8, where we will regroup and advance 
on the space pirate Ryoko's location. Those are your orders for now. Move 
out." Kiyone cut the communication, and hit the button that would shoot them 
into their hyperdrive course. The Yagami shot off into space.



	Back in New Horig, Ryoko and Ayeka plopped down on the couch in Hamelt's 
apartment. He had a chair set up in the middle of the room, and a few items 
layed out next to it on a table. He walked in and set on additonal item down 
on the table, wrapped in cloth, and then turned to the two woman on his couch.
	"You two should be more careful next time you're out. With Nagi 
wandering around, you never know what might happen."
	"Yeah...." Ryoko massaged her temples. Why had the bounty hunter let 
them go? 
	"Alright then, Ayeka, take a seat here, please." Hamlet pointed to the 
chair, and the princess obidently sat in it. He moved around behind her, and 
picked a pair of sccisors up from his table. He looked down at her for a 
moment, then lifted one long tendril of hair in his hand. 
	"What are you going to do?" Ayeka asked, already knowing, but not 
wanting it to be true. 
	"Well, if you want to look different, we need to change your hair. Do 
you mind that it's going to be much shorter?" Hamlet asked.
	"Yes.... but if we must...." she looked over at Ryoko, who held a look 
of deep sympathy. She had offten times seen the princess sitting in the bath, 
brushing out her long violet hair, and singing softly to herself. She did have 
wonderful hair, Ryoko had to admit. 
	Hamelt cut off the tendril in his hand before anyone could second guess 
the action. Ayeka jumped as she felt the hair leaving her head, but then she 
calmed down and swollowed hard. Fighting back tears as Hamelt went to work, 
she grimiced every time she heard the sccissors close again. 
	It took an hour for Hamlet to fix her hair the way he felt it would look 
the most different. Ryoko stood back from Ayeka as she slowly turned a full 
cirlcle before the two pirates. Hamlet looked at Ryoko, and she looked back. 
They both nodded.
	"It looks stunning Ayeka." Ryoko said. She held up a mirror, and the 
princess caught her breath. Her hair was short, only falling down to her 
shoulders. She ran a hand through it and stared. It didn't look too bad. 
Hamlet had done a good job. 
	"It does look nice..." Ayeka smiled at her relflection, then pulled her 
hair back from her face. She picked a hair tie up off the table and tied it 
back in a tight pony tail. Fixing the last few errent hairs, Ayeka turned back 
to the two pirates. 
	"You look wonderful." Hamelt said, handing her the cape she had bought. 
He then walked over to the table and lifted the wrapped item he had placed 
there just before he had cut Ayeka's hair. He turned back to her and handed it 
to her, "I used to carry this when I was out pirating. I'm a rich man now, 
dispite what you see here," he waved a hand around the room, "and I don't need 
it any more. I want you to carry it, and proudly. Any one who pirates with 
Ryoko has to be good, and I think this will give you what you need."
	Ayeka unwrapped the long item to find that it was a sword. A long saber, 
still in it's scabard. A simple leather belt came with it, and she quickly put 
in around her waist. Drawing the weapon from it's ordinary looking scabard, 
she found that it was no ordinary blade. 	
	The saber hummed with energy. She inspected the runes etched along it's 
blade carefully, and her eyes widened, "This is Old Jurian! From the Yuno 
Era!" she exclaimed, "This blade must be..." she claculated quickly, "2300 
years old!"	
	"It's my family blade. We were nobals once, but we were exiled from the 
court when King Avusa took the thrown after Queen Yuno died. He had a beef 
with my ancestor, and so my whole family was thrown out." Hamelt shrugged, "I 
guess the blade always reminded me of where I was from, but my blood line has 
been so diluded since my family fell from grace, that there's no Juri power 
left in us. I'm the last  of my line. When I go, so does it."
	"You aren't going to have any children to see your blood line continue?" 
Ayeka asked.
	"Oh hell no! I hate kids!" Hamelt screwed up his face, "They smell, then 
cry all the time..." 
	"Only you would let your nobal family blood line die out 'cause you 
don't want to settle down and have kids!" Ryoko laughed, slapping Hamelt on 
the back. 
	"Does this blade have conducting ability?" Ayeka asked softly.
	Hamelt and Ryoko stopped laughing and looked at her. Hamelt was serious 
once again, "Yes it does. It will use your Juri power and work like an energy 
sword. Just as light, cuts just as well, and you can direct energy from it as 
well. You will learn how, in time."
	"What is the blades name?" the princess asked, looking at it as she sent 
a small amount of her power into it, making it glow blue. Ryoko's eyes 
widened. 
	"It is called Star Reaver." Hamelt said with a touch of pride. 
	"It's a wonderful blade... are you sure you don't want it?"
	"It's just a sword to me. Keep it, Princess, and know that it will 
always protect you."
	"Thank you Hamelt." Ayeka stepped forward and hugged him. He returned 
the hug and they seperated. 
	"Let's get some sleep then." Hamelt said, "You two should be on the move 
by tomarrow."
	"Good idea." Ryoko replied, "But first, what's for dinner?" she grinned 
as both the Jurian's face faulted.



	Kiyone frowned as the news came in over the her ear piece. One of her 
men had found and confirmed Ryoko and Ayeka's location. She gave orders to 
hold until she got there, then switched over to her pocket comunicatior. 
	"Kamidake! We've found them, adress 394 Riverway, apartment 2B. Can you 
get there first and warn them without my men seeing you?" 
	"I can try." came the knights reply. 
	"Do your best." 
	"I always do." 
	Kiyone stuck the com unit back in her pocket and grabbed Mihoshi, "Let's 
go." she said. 
	"But I don't want to arest Ryoko and Ayeka..." Mihoshi whined. 
	"Hopefully, Kamidake will be able to get to them first." Kiyone growled, 
"But we have to act like we're going in for the capture, so come on!" 



	Kamidake, dressed as a normal civilian, knocked on the door of apartment 
2B. The door opened a crack and a gruff voice from inside asked, "Who are you, 
and what do you want?"
	"I'm a messanger... I've come to give a message to the Princess Ayeka." 
he listened as the door shut, a chain was unhooked, and the door swung open 
fully. Kamidake looked up...
	Into the barral of a plasma rifle. He gulped.
	"Get in her, now!" growled the tall dark man on the other end of the 
gun. Kamidake walked in, and then turned back to the man.
	"Please, you must tell the Princess that the Galaxy Police are closing 
in on this loacation. I'll go now, but you make sure she get's out of here 
alive...." he pulled a glowing staff out of nowhere, "Or else." 
	Hamelt blinked at the sudden appearence of a Juri power staff. He 
lowered his gun and nodded, then watched as the young Jurian knight vanished 
in a flash. 
	Ryoko, wearing only one of Hamelt's long shirts, walked out into the 
living room. She rubbed some sleep from her eyes and asked, "What's up?" 
	Hamelt stood and admired her for a moment. Her arms lifted up like they 
were pulled the shirt up her theighs revealing inch after inch of perfect 
skin. Her curves even showed through the large shirt, and it fell down over 
one shoulder, revealing even more smooth skin.  
	Then he saw the lasar target on her chest, "Down!" he yelled as he 
tackled her to the ground. The blaster shot tore a huge hole in the wall next 
to them. A shower of lasar blasts started to fill the room then, and they 
rolled over, then crawled towards the bed room Ayeka was still in. 
	"It's nice to have things going just like old times, huh?" Ryoko asked 
as they dove across the hall way and into the room. 
	"Yeah," Hamelt said as he looked up to find Ayeka almost fully dressed 
already. She finished pulling on the shirt just as he looked up, and he caught 
the briefest glimps of her left breast. She wasn't wearing anything under the 
shirt. He grinned, "Real nice!"



	"Now wait just a minute!" Ayeka yelled at Ryoko, "I was too wearing a 
bra! You're making that part up!"
	"I am not!" the space pirate shot back, and stuck out her toung, "You 
were comando the whole time! You still are!" she pointed at the side of 
Ayeka's top. It was just a thin strap of material that had slid down over one 
shoulder, revealing no bra strap at all. Ayeka huridly pulled the strap back 
up and blushed. 
	Tenchi's eye brow quirked slightly, and then a small dribble of blood 
leaked from his nose. Sasami laughed and poked him in the ribs. 
	Nobuyuki had a cammra pointed at the Princess, but Ryoko snatched it 
from him before he could snap the shot. He sighed and sat back down.  
	"Anyway," Ryoko continued, "Before I was so rudely interupted...."




	Ryoko simply fazed into her pirating gear, and walked over to Ayeka, who 
had just strapped on her new sword, "Time to do your first little bit of 
pirating!" she said with a grin, and Ryo-Ohki hopped up on her shoulder, "Do 
your thing, you little shrimp!" Ryoko yelled. 
	The cabbit meowed in responce and jumped from her shoulder. They were 
all suddenly sitting on the bridge of Ryo-Ohki's space ship form. 
	"That was a lot quicker then I remember it being..." Hamelt said as he 
fell down, too dizzy to stand.
	Ryoko just laughed.



	"Hold your fire! The princess is in that room!" a voice called over 
Kiyone's ear piece. She sighed in relife and spoke into her wrist comunicator, 
"Alright, they know we wont shoot at them in there. Time to move in and...." 
she stopped as Mihoshi nudged her. Looking over she saw the data pade that the 
blond held. It was hooked up to a scaning unit and it showed a massive energy 
build up, as well as an increase in overall mass of objects in the small bed 
room that their friends were in. 
	"Everyone get down!" she barely had enough time to scream as she dove to 
the ground. 
	Ryo-Ohki burst out of the top of the apartment building, expanding to 
her full space ship size in less then three seconds. Rubbel flew everywhere, 
and there was a resounding, "Meyoooow!" as Ryo-Ohki started to rise into 
orbit. 
	"Damn you Ryoko!" Kiyone screamed as she stood up and started to take 
futile pot shots at the huge ship. It flew off into space and she threw her 
gun at the ground. 
	"Damnit!" she screamed, but she was smiling. The anger act was for her 
men. She knew that the assalt wouldn't work when she ordered it. Now that they 
knew she was on the case however, and that they would be safe until she found 
out what was going on, she had to be careful. No more stupid orders like this 
one. Ryoko would expect her to get craftier, and she had to count on that. 



	"Kiyone is on the case then." Ayeka said as they zipped past the GP 
fleet in orbit. A few ships gave persuit, but they were left in the dust 
quickly. 
	"Yeah.... she had to have known that I could just use Ryo-Ohki to escape 
though.... I think she's trying to protect us." Ryoko concluded. 
	"That would seem like the case, but why?" Ayeka said.
	"Maybe she wants to find out what really happened...." Ryoko said with a 
shrug, "Maybe it had something to do with Kamidake warning us about the GP 
attack?" she asked, turning to Hamelt.
	"Kamidake?" Ayeka asked, looking hopfully at Hamelt.
	"Kind of a young guy? Jurian knight?" he asked quizically.
	"That sounds like him." Ryoko said.
	"Yup. He came and told me that you guys were in danger, and that the GP 
were there. Then he left."
	"Then he must be working with Kiyone to help us then..." Ayeka smiled. 
It would be good to have a Jurian knight helping them, as well as the head of 
the unit assigned to bring them in. 




	"I got chewed out bad for that one..." Kiyone said. She shook her head.
	"Yeah well, thanks any way...." Ryoko replied. 
	Just then there was a knock at the door.
	"Who could that be at this hour?" Nobuyuki asked as he walked over and 
opened the door, "Oh!" they all heard him call, "Kamidake! Come in! Yes, they 
are back!" 
	He walked back in with the knight in tow. Kamidake wore normal earth 
civilian clothing, but he still carried himself with the pride of a Jurian 
knight. Kiyone jumped up and ran over to him. She slowed and stopped as she 
felt Ayeka and Ryoko's eyes on her and the knight.
	"Hi..." she said with a smile.
	"Hello, Kiyone." he smiled back, and glanced over her shoulder at Ayeka 
and Ryoko, who were watching them with great intrest. 
	Kiyone gave him a light kiss on the cheek, "We'll... um...." she turned 
back to the pirate and the princess, "Get to that part latter...." she blushed 
as Kamidake took her hand. They went and sat down together on the love seat. 
This made Kiyone blush even more as she remembered the name of the half couch. 
Kamidake turned a shade of red as well. 
	"Well..." Ayeka said with a smirk and a 'I'll talk to you latter' look 
for Kamidake, "Hamelt didn't want to get back into the pirating buisness, so 
we dropped him off on another planet where he had some cash stowed away, and 
set about ploting our first big hit...."



	"I don't know if I like this idea...." Ayeka said, looking over the plan 
Ryoko was showing her on the holographic display before them.
	"Don't worry, I've done this a thousand times! It always works!" Ryoko 
replied. 
	"It's not that I don't think it will work...." Ayeka said. She looked 
over the plan. There would be a merchant ship hauling sevearal tons of 
antimatter energy blocks crossing the Rusvik system astorid belt in 
aproximently 13 hours. Ryoko had propsed that they hide there, since Ryo-Ohki 
could blend in so well with the huge chunks of floating rock, and then ambush 
the ship. She and Ayeka would board the merchent ship, hook up a transmitter 
to each large cube full of antimatter, and when the transmitters were 
activated, Ryo-Ohki could beam them directly into her cargo hold. After they 
made their escape, they could unload the loot on the Thelscar black market, 
making a pretty penny for the rare energy source. 
	"So what's the problom then?" Ryoko asked.
	"I don't like the idea of stealing from inocents..." Ayeka said.
	"Oh, don't worry about that. Yuigo Energy Enterpirses is a blood sucking 
compony. They use child labor, pay their workers next to nothing, and even use 
pre-contact plantets as waste dumping sites. They violate Juri and GP law all 
the time, but since they do all the illigal stuff in Yuigo space, outside of 
GP and Juri influence borders, they get away with it. We'll just be getting a 
little revenge for the poor workers by stealing some of that stuff and then 
using the cash we get for it for a good cause. Namely us." Ryoko nodded as if 
that made sence. 
	"Well, if they are law breakers, then we must take the roles of the 
justice dispencers out side the normal bounderies of law and order, and punish 
them acordingly." Ayeka said with a smile. She slapped her scabard against her 
leg now, in anticipation. This might acually be good for the galaxy. Even good 
for the empire if done right. 
	"So we're good to go then?" Ryoko asked.
	"We're good." Ayeka replied as she reached for her cape. Throwing it 
over her shoulders, she turned regally to Ryoko, "Let us prepare!" 




	The Yuigo ship carefully navigated the astoriod belt, avoiding an areas 
where they could encounter a posibal ambush. Fully armed, and with a Harbin 
Crusier class gun boat as an escort, they felt secure in the passing. 
	They were almost out when the blast from a hidden ship blew apart their 
escort. Another blast smashed into their deflector shields, bringing them down 
to 24% in a matter of seconds. A large black crystal ship decended on them, 
and another shot blasted through their shields and crippled their propulstion 
unit.
	The captain of the ship was not happy, "All weapons on that ship! Blast 
them to bits!" sparks flew all around him, and two crew men lay dead at his 
feet already. He knew his ship wouldn't surivive in a fire fight, but he had 
to try to delay them until the GP could arive. 
	"Sorry, but there wont be any of that." a voice behind him said. He 
turned to see Ryoko's fist smash him in the face, sending him into oblivion 
rather quickly. The pirate checked his pulse, and, satisfied that he was still 
alive, looked over to where Ayeka had the gunner against the wall with her 
sword. She quickly tied him with the energy cord that Ryoko had given her and 
forced him to the floor. She then looked over what remained of a ship layout 
display.
	"Down this way." she called, and Ryoko flew over. They hurried down a 
hall way, and came to set of large doors. Ayeka tried the pad next to them, 
but it was fried. 
	"Did you have to hit them so many times?" Ayeka asked. 
	"Hey, we had to criple the ship so they couldn't get away. How was I 
suposed to know it was such a piece of shit?"
	"Oh, just open the doors." Ayeka stood back as Ryoko grabbed the doors 
and pried them open. The princess's eyes went wide and it was only her quick 
reflexes that saved them from the barrage of blaster fire and plasma rifle 
fire. The blasts bounced off her shield and pushed her back a few feet. Ryoko 
growled and flew in with her light sword.
	"Do you idiots want to kill all of us?" she yelled as she hacked the 
guns from her opponets hands. She looked around, "This whole hold is full of 
anti-matter blocks, and all you're fiering guns?" Power logs formed around 
several of the men and Juri power blasted them. They all fell to the floor. 
Ryoko flew into one of the remaining two men, and he flew into a bulk head. 
Ayeka pointed her sword at the last man.
	"You, open the other bay." she instructed, pointing to the next cargo 
hold, which was attatched to the first hold. The man scrambled over and opened 
the doors. Ayeka pushed him in first, then looked around. She called back, 
"Clear in here! Start planting the trasmitters." She turned to the gaurd and 
smiled sweetly before knocking him silly with the hilt of her sword. 
	Ayeka and Ryoko set about planting the transmitters. They were done in a 
matter of minutes. "Here we go!" Ryoko said, grabbing hold of Ayeka and 
trasporting them back to Ryo-Ohki's bridge, "Bring it all abord, Ryo-Ohki!" 
	"Meow!" the ship responded and Ryoko watched as the cargo hold filled 
with anti-matter cubes. She giggled in excitment. 
	"All done!" she cried out, "Get us out of here, Ryo-Ohki! Straight for 
Thelscar 4 to sell all this stuff!" 
	"Miyowww!" Ryo-Ohki responded as she flew off into space. 




	Kiyone grit her teeth. They had knocked off a merchent ship. It HAD been 
the Yuigo Energy Enterpirises most recent load of illigally produced anti-
matter blocks, but that didn't excuse the fact that they had robbed a ship. 
They were pireting on top of being most wanted murderers. 
	The report the GP had offically released was that Ryoko was working with 
'a new partner in crime' and that the status of Princess Ayeka was still 
unknown. Juri put up a front of belife, but Kamidake had given them a report 
to clue them in on the fact that Ayeka was in on the crimes as well. 
	Kiyone read over the report of the robbery, and even as she did a new 
report came in, this one about the destruction of a ship that had been hauling 
several thousands of illigal weapons. A quick scan of that report gave her an 
idea of what the two had been up to. 
	Only the new pirate had borded the ship, and she had taken only one gun 
before leaving. 
	"Ayeka wanted a blaster, so the two of them stole one from an illigal 
arms dealer and then blew his ship up...." Kiyone thought about it. They were 
only targeting people who deserved to be hit. That didn't mean anything in the 
eyes of the law however. A robbery was a robbery, even if it was from a 
heartless corperation, and blowing up any ship was illigal all throughout GP 
and Juri space. The two of them were more vigilanties then pirates, but what 
they were doing was still wrong. 
	Sighing for probobly the seventh time in as many minutes, Kiyone turned 
to a different report. It was from Nagi, telling her that Ryoko and Ayeka were 
on Thelscar 4, probobly to unload all the anti-matter blocks they had taken. 
Thelscar had a notorius black market, and Ryoko probobly knew she could get a 
good price there. 
	"Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked her partner, who was playing with her control 
cube, trying to get a cup of coffee.
	"Yeah Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked as a potted plant popped out of no where 
and landed on her head. She shoved it off and rubbed at the lump starting to 
form.
	"Send out orders to the fleet. We're to intercept Ryoko and Ayeka at 
Thelscar 4." Kiyone got up and picked up a broom in the corner of the Yagami's 
bridge and started to sweep up the mess the potted plant had made when it hit 
the floor. 
	"Okay!" Mihoshi started to punch in the orders, but then slowed and 
stopped. Without looking up at Kiyone, she asked, "Do you think they'll get 
away again this time?" 
	Kiyone looked down at her. She knew that Mihoshi wanted for them to get 
away with all her heart, and the teal haired detective had to admit that she 
felt the same way.
	"I hope so Mihoshi." 
	They stood in silence for several minutes, then Mihoshi finished sending 
the orders, and Kiyone swept up the plant. 



	
	Two days latter, Ryoko and Ayeka stood side by side in a warehouse of a 
dingy port city on Thelscar 4. Before them were five men, two in buisness 
suits, and three in battle gear. Behind them were forty five large anti-matter 
units. 
	"We'll give you the 850,000 Juri, but no more then that!" one of the 
suits was saying.
	"Well.... I guess we'll just have to go with the Harmafet gang... they 
were offering a million at least. I don't like them as much, but you know... 
buisness is buisness...." Ryoko shrugged and she and Ayeka started to turn 
away.
	"Fine...." one of the suits groaned, "We'll give you 1.3 million. That's 
all we came with...."
	"I guess that's good enough then." Ayeka smiled and reached for the case 
the man was holding out to her.
	"Everyone freeze! This is the Galaxy Police! You're all under arrest!" a 
voice called from the darkness. Suddenly, hundreds of laser sight beams were 
dancing around them. The five gangsters in front of the two girls looked 
around fearfully. One of the guards growled at the two pirates.
	"You two set us up!" he pointed his gun at them, but a blaster shot blew 
him to one side. 
	"I said freeze!" the voice called again. Ryoko and Ayeka both heard now 
that the voice belonged to Kiyone. Ryoko tapped the princess on the shoulder, 
and nodded. Ayeka nodded back and grabbed the case out of the gangster's hand.
	"I'll just hold on to that for you!" she said with a laugh as Ryoko 
grabbed her and teleported. Blaster fire blew apart the ground where they had 
been standing, and hit the four remaining gangsters from all sides. 
	"Shit!" Kiyone yelled. She knew Ryoko couldn't go very far, "Everyone 
spread out around the area and look for them! Use force only if you have to! 
Move!" she ran out the nearest door and around a corner. She spoke into her 
wrist comunicator, "Mihoshi! They're out side, like we thought they would be! 
Is your team ready?" 
	"Yes they are! We're gaurding every posibal escape route."
	"Good... get in here and help me find them then...." 
	"Right." Mihoshi signed off then, and Kiyone ran off. 



	Ryoko and Ayeka jumped from around a corner and smashed another officer 
to the ground. Ryoko hit him once in the head and he was out. They got up and 
continued on. The warehouses were like a huge maze, and Ryoko didn't dare 
teleport for fear of landing in a cluster of GPO's. She didn't want to fly 
either, because they could hear ships patroling the area over head. 
	The two came around another corner and froze in place as a voice called 
out, "Stop!" they looked to their left and saw two officers with guns on them, 
"Hands in the air!" one of them yelled. 
	They put their hands up and the two officers walked up to them slowly. 
One of them pulled cuffs from behind his back. 
	"Hey! Did you find the-" they heard a familure voice say, then, "Whoah! 
Look out!" and Mihoshi fell from around the side of the building in the 
direction they had just come from and slammed into the two officers. All three 
of them fell to the ground in a tangled mess. The blond GP officer looked up 
at them and winked. 
	Ayeka and Ryoko grinned and bolted. 
	"Sorry guys..." they heard Mihoshi say as blaster fire hit the buildings 
around them. 
	They ran around another building and down an ally way. Just as they were 
about to come to the end of it, where they could see the city beyond, a quick 
figure rolled out in front of their exit and pointed a blaster at them. 
	Kiyone knelt on the ground, breathing hard as her GP hat fell next to 
her. Ryoko and Ayeka stopped and stared at her.
	"Kiyone.... please..." Ryoko said in a slightly desperate voice. 
	"I can't belive..." Kiyone started, then shook her head as she dropped 
her blaster to the ground. She lifted a metal pipe from the floor of the ally, 
then continued, "I can't belive I got kidnapped by the two of YOU..." she 
frowned, then bashed herself over the head with the pipe. 
	"Kiyone!" Ayeka rushed forward and put a hand over the large cut on 
Kiyone's head that was pouring blood onto the ground. She looked back at 
Ryoko, "Help me get her out of here! She wants us to take her with us!" 
	"Right..." Ryoko grit her teeth and helped Ayeka lift the bleeding GP 
officer from the ground. They looked around, then stealthily ran off into the 
night. 



	"You hit youself with a pipe?" Tenchi asked, "You didn't tell me about 
that part... you just said you had talked to them!" 
	"Well..." Kiyone lifted her bangs to expose the small scar running 
across her  forehead, "I had to do something to make it seem like they had 
really kidnapped me..." 
	"You gave us quite a scare there Kiyone...." Ryoko said. 
	"Yes, we thought you wouldn't wake up. You hit yourself rather hard." 
Ayeka agreed with the pirate.  
	"So when I woke up," Kiyone turned back to the rest of the family, "They 
were a little concerned."
	"Not that that stopped you from being a compleat pain..." Ryoko 
muttered.
	"So I woke up...." Kiyone said with a hard glare at the space pirate, 
who grinned and settled back.




	The teal haired Galaxy Police woman's eyes opened slowly. She was laying 
in a dark room, lit only by the faint rays of sun light streaming through the 
borded windows. She tried to roll over and sit up, but the motion made her 
sick to her stomach. She leaned over the edge of the cot she was laying on and 
vomited on the floor. 
	Then the pain hit her like a wall. She fell back on the cot and cried 
out quietly, whimpering a little. She shouldn't have hit herself so hard back 
in that ally way. She was hoping that Ryoko and Ayeka would have gotten the 
hint and taken her with them, so she could talk with them about the situation, 
and from the looks of the room she was in, they had. 
	Her soft cry had alerted Ryoko, who opened the door quietly and walked 
to the bed side. She stepped around the puddle on the floor and checked the 
dressing on Kiyone's head.
	"You hit yourself with that pipe pretty good..." she said softly, "You 
could have just said that we over powered you and brought you here on our 
own..."
	"I wanted it to be belivable..." Kiyone muttered. She felt dizzy and out 
of sorts, "Why do I feel like this?"
	"We had to get you to a doctor that knew how to stabalize you... 
underworld doctors don't always have the best equipment or suplies though. He 
used some drugs to control your breathing and then a regenerator to close the 
wound up. That might have scrambled your brain a bit, so just lie still for 
now." Ryoko pushed her back as she tried to sit up. 
	"Gotta' talk to you two..." Kiyone muttered and her eyes fluttered shut.
	"In good time Kiyone..." Ryoko said as she watched her friend's 
breathing return to a steady pace. 



	When Kiyone woke up again, Ayeka was sitting next to her bed side, 
keeping watch over her intently. She groaned and tried to sit up, but her head 
hurt too much, so she just lay back down. Ayeka shook her head.
	"You really shouldn't have hit yourself so hard..." the princess turned 
pirate said to her, "You might have really damaged your head."
	"What the hell is going on Ayeka?" Kiyone asked through grit teeth, "And 
can I have some pain killers?"
	Ayeka gave her some pills to take and left to get Ryoko. A few minutes 
latter, they were all sitting together in Kiyone's room, letting the silence 
streach on for as long as they could. Kiyone finnally spoke, 
	"Okay, I need to know EXACTLY what happened on Earth, and just what the 
hell you two think you're doing robbing ships and evading the Galaxy Police."
	"Well," Ryoko started, "Back on Earth..." and she and Ayeka told Kiyone 
the story of how they had been attacked, and had defended themselves, and then 
how they had fled into space.
	"I decided that we needed the money," Ayeka expained about the ship they 
had robbed, "and since it was such an evil buisness, I didn't see a problom 
with taking them down a notch or two."
	"I'd still have to arrest you no matter what they may be guilty of..." 
Kiyone shook her head, "You're not above the law you know..." 
	"Acually," Ayeka said with a slight grin, "I am. As a member of the Juri 
royal family, I could blow up a planet and not be arrested. We still have a 
treaty you know."
	"Well, you're the helpless 'kidnapped' Princess any way, so you don't 
really need to worry about it too much. Ryoko on the other hand..." she turned 
to the space pirate.
	"I'm above the law too. You guys haven't caught me yet..." Ryoko 
grinned. 
	"Right..." Kiyone rubbed her temples. Suddenly, her eyes popped open and 
she started patting around on her uniform, "Where is it... ah!" Kiyone pulled 
a small tree shaped emblem from her pocket. 
	"That's the symbol of Juri!" Ayeka said.
	"Yeah. Kamidake wanted me to activate this when I woke up..." Kiyone 
pushed it into her palm and it started to blink, "He'll be here in a few hours 
at the most. To 'save' me." 
	"Okay, so you know we're not really being bad girls now, right?" Ryoko 
asked.
	"Yeah." Kiyone nodded, "You acted in self defence and the piracy thing 
can be over looked, but you two should lay low for awhile."
	"Can't you just go back to your supirors..." Ayeka looked hopeful. 
	"Sorry, but it doesn't work that way. I'll work on a way to get you two 
off, don't worry. Until then though, just stay a step or two ahead of me and 
you'll be fine. I'll try to leave openings for escape, but if GP internal 
affairs gets on my back..." she shook her head, "I'll have to go in for the 
kill." she looked pointedly at Ryoko.
	"I saw the wanted posters." Ryoko growled. They had said dead or alive. 
	


	Kamidake showed up an hour latter and the situation was explained to 
him. Ayeka gave him a messaged to give to her parents, letting them know what 
was going on, and that she would be fine, and he took Kiyone and left. 
	Ayeka and Ryoko stood in their hideout and looked down at a map after 
their friends had left. It was a map of a bank on Krelnir, the home world of a 
small kingdom that was hostile to Juri, and had insulted Ayeka on more then 
one occastion by refusing her father's invitations to have the crown prince of 
Krelnir see her in a marriage meeting. Ayeka was itching for revenge. 
	"So if we can knock out all of the gaurds here," Ryoko said, pointing to 
a back entrence, "And get in nice and quiet, the vault should be easy to crack 
and clean. We just need to make sure no gets to us on the inside."
	"I can make sure they don't." Ayeka nodded. 
	"Great. We'll get what we need and be out of here by tonight then." 
Ryoko grinned and laughed. Ayeka joined her. 



	As Ryo-Ohki flew up into space, an incoming transmistion blinked on the 
veiw screen. Ryoko called it up. 
	Kiyone's face, her head bandadged and her face streaked with tears, 
popped up on the screen. 
	"Kiyone?" Ayeka asked, "Where are you?" 
	"I'm on Yagami, high orbit. You'll get me on visual soon." Sure enough, 
the red space craft came into veiw a moment latter. 
	"What's going on?" Ryoko asked, "Don't tell me that you're going to 
attack us out here!" 
	"No..." Kiyone sniffiled.
	"What's wrong?" Ayeka asked.
	"That gang you guys were dealing with...." Kiyone said, her voice 
cracking. 
	Ryoko nodded, "The Granggors. They're pretty mean."
	"They got Mihoshi. They're holding her until we give them the space 
pirate Ryoko and her friend." her voice was flat. 
	Ryoko and Ayeka stared in shock. They had never thought that the 
Granggors would go so far as to kidnap a Galaxy Police officer.
	"So we can do this the hard way...." Ryoko notted the weapon lock the 
Yagami had on them, "Or the easy way..." Kiyone grimiced. 
	"What's the easy way?" Ayeka asked.
	"The two of you, Kamidake, and myself go to their head quaters get 
Mihoshi back." Kiyone growled.
	Ryoko churned that in her head for a moment, "That's against Regs 
Kiyone... you'll get Court Marshaled for sure." 
	"I don't care!" Kiyone screamed at them. She hit the button for the 
anti-matter missle targeting system, "I wont have my best friend be killed 
because you two wont help me! I don't want to take you two in, but I will if 
you don't agree to help! What's it gonna be?"
	"We'll help." Ryoko said with death in her voice.
	"We'll help and we'll kill any one who so much as raises a hand at 
Mihoshi." Ayeka added.
	Kiyone looked at them for a moment, then shut down the targeting system, 
"Kamidake is waiting for us on the ground." she said, and the Yagami started 
decending to the planet below. 


	
	On the surface of the single moon that orbited  Vesbala 8, a small 
camofloged shuttle craft blinked to life. Inside, Mitsuki smiled.
	After recording the whole conversation with the pirates, she'd have more 
then enough evidence to take Kiyone down for good. 




	"So we met up on the surface of the planet," Kamidake said, "And all 
four of us took off for the Granggor's head quaters."
	"That was quite a risk, Kiyone..." Tenchi said with admeration and 
sypathy in his voice, "You didn't tell me any of this..." 
	"Yeah.... well, Mihoshi should be back here in a few days, and then 
you'll hear all about it for weeks, I'm sure." Kiyone winced at the thought, 
"She'll have a new partner with her..." she added softly.
	"So then...." Tenchi gulped, "You did get Court Marshalled?" 
	"Yeah... I didn't tell you because I didn't want you to worry about 
Ayeka and Ryoko getting caught. I knew they were fine, but I couldn't tell you 
that either, for the safty and security reasons..." Kamidake hugged her a 
little closer to him. 
	"What's that all about?" Tenchi looked cofused again, "Security 
reasons?" 
	"We'll get to that in a little bit..." Ryoko said.
	"Yes, the story isn't over yet." Ayeka smiled.
	"Let's just leave it that I'm not on the Galaxy Police force any 
more..." Kiyone stopped for a moment and choked back tears with a gulp, 
"...but I have found some other...." she paused again and snuggled into 
Kamidake, "better things about life to enjoy..." the Jurian Knight blushed 
deeply and Nobuyuki grinned. He slapped Kamidake on the shoulder and smiled at 
him. The knight manadged a weak smile back, but then held Kiyone a little 
tighter and let Ayeka continue with the story. 



	
	The Granggors were a ruthless bunch, that much Ayeka did know. What she 
hadn't counted on was the fact that they were also quite an insane bunch of 
criminals. 
	Kiyone had run a back ground check on the gang and found that they had a 
rap sheet longer then Ryoko's. They were responisable for numerous 
assasinations, thefts, murders, and their traffic violations numbered in the 
thousands. Kiyone had been especially angry about the traffic violations for 
some reason. 
	Ayeka and Ryoko stood on the roof of a building looking down at the 
whore house that served as the front for the Granggors HQ. The princess 
scrunched up her nose in disgust, and looked over at her partner.
	"Do we have to go in there? Can't we go in the back?" 
	"The back is probobly more heavily gaurded then the front." Ryoko 
pointed out, and remained watchful.
	"I don't see any gaurds at all out here..." Ayeka responded, looking 
around. 
	"That guy there on the corrner," Ryoko said, pointing a man out, "Is 
packing a blaster that would put a hole in you the size of a basketball. The 
guy sitting on the bench over there," she pointed another man out, "not only 
has a gun, but a few AM gernades as well." 
	"How do you know all that?" Ayeka squinted. She saw the man on the 
corrner ajust his jacket and push as an object in his coat. Looking back over 
to the man on the bench, she saw him reach up and scratch his head, revealing 
a matalic glint inside his coat. She also saw the blasting pin of an AM 
gernade. 
	"I see." she said, nodding, "Are there any more?"
	"Three, wandering around. Kiyone knows where they are too." Ryoko nodded 
to the Galaxy Police woman as she rounded a corrner and started for the door 
of the whore house. Kamidake followed a few meters behind her. 
	As the two of them aproched the door, Kiyone ajusted her bra, and pulled 
a blaster out as she did. Kamidake held out his hand and a Juri power staff 
appeared in it. 
	"That's our cue." Ryoko said, and vanished. Ayeka pulled the fair sized 
blaster from her hip and pointed it at the man on the bench. One shot latter, 
and he was flipped over on his back. 
	Kiyone heard the shot and started blasting at everyone she saw. Kamidake 
concentrated on deflecting the blasts shot back at her, and struck out at 
anyone who closed to mellee distence. Ryoko appeared above the man on the 
cornner as he pulled out his gun, and sliced down with her sword, killing him 
in an instant. 
	The whole fight was over in less then fifteen seconds. Ayeka jumped from 
the roof top and used the Juri power to slow her decent. As she touched down 
on the ground, she looked at her friends, nodded and walked forward. 
	Kiyone kicked in the door and rolled in to one side of it. Ayeka jumped 
in as well, drawing the Star Reaver as she did. Several working girls 
scattered at the sudden entrence of the two woman, and a man behind a counter 
in the back stood and drew a blaster from his pocket. Kiyone shot him dead in 
a split second. 
	Ryoko and Kamidake came in then too, and they all split up as they had 
planed. Ayeka and Kiyone to the basement, and Ryoko and Kamidake to the 
upstairs. 
	The Galaxy Police woman and the princess rushed the stairs with a cover 
of blaster fire. Gang members scattered in all directions as they practicly 
jumped the whole flight of stairs, and hit the bottom running down a hall way. 
	"Everyone get on your faces now!" Kiyone screamed as she and Aykea ran 
down the hall, kicking open doors and cleaning out the rooms. Couples in the 
middle of pervers acts, and gang members trying to get a few hours of sleep 
were dragged out into the hall way and forced to the ground, "This is a GP 
raid! All those found to be assosiated with the Granggor gang will be 
arrested!" Ayeka pushed open a door and jumped back as a blaster shot bounced 
off her Juri energy shield. Looking in to see who her attacker was, she saw a 
man with a gun held to the head of a familure blond woman.
	"Don't let him kill me Ayeka!" Mihoshi wailed.
	"Shut up!" the man said, pushing her over in the chair she was bound to. 
He kept the gun on her, and turned to the princess, "Now back off or the 
stupid bitch gets it!" 
	"No melodrama today." Kiyone said bluntly as she stepped around the 
princess and fiered a single shot. It hit the gangster in the middle of his 
forehead, sending him back across the room in a spray of blood and grey 
matter. The teal haired woman rushed to Mihoshi's side, "Are you okay?" she 
asked as she unbound her partner. 
	"I'm okay... you really shouldn't have come after me though Kiyone... 
but I'm glad you did..." Mihoshi hugged her and Kiyone hugged back. They sat 
back from each other and looked behind them. 
	Ayeka and Ryoko stood there with grins on their faces and Kamidake 
looked on questioningly.
	"Oh, you guys are so sick!" Kiyone yelled at them. 
	An amplified voice from above them stopped the peals of laughter about 
to spill forth from the pirate and the princess, "This is the Galaxy Police! 
Everyone in the building surrender yourselves now and be ready for 
encarseration when we come in! You have two minutes!" 
	"Mitsuki!" Kiyone cursed, "How'd she find out about this? I'm screwed!"
	"We could cause a diverstion so you could get out unnoticed. No one 
would acually know that you were here..." Ryoko said. 
	"No, you two need to get out. Mitsuki will shoot first and ask questions 
latter. Go on!" Kiyone blasted a shot off at Ayeka who deflected it easily, 
"Or I'll arrest you myself!" 
	"We're gone." Ryoko said, and grabbed Ayeka. The two of them vanished. 
	"Are we in trouble Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked.
	"No... you're fine. I'm in trouble though... I want you to be strong 
through this, okay?" Kiyone said to her, "I might not be your partner for too 
much longer... but I had to do it, Mihoshi... do you understand?" 
	Mihoshi was about to say something in reply, but a gruff voice from the 
door way interupted, "Hands up! Galaxy Police!" they turned to see a GP 
internal affairs officer pointing a blaster at them, "Detective First Class 
Kiyone Makibi, you are under arrest." Kiyone looked back at Mihoshi saddly, 
but stood up and put her hands in the air any way. She was roughly cuffed, and 
then, as Kamidake gave the officer who was dragging her away a look that made 
him want to run, she was pushed through the door. 
	Glancing one last time over her shoulder, she called, "Be strong 
Mihoshi!" and then she was shoved down the hall way. 



	Kiyone felt a tear run down her face as the family looked at her 
intently, "That was the last I saw of her until my trial, and I didn't get to 
speak to her then either. I wasn't allowed to see her before Kamidake brought 
me back to Earth either..." 
	"It's okay, Kiyone!" a bubbly voice called from the hall way. They all 
turned to see Mihoshi in her GP uniform, and a rather blown away young woman 
behind her, "I understood everything, and I was strong like you told me to 
be!" she rushed forward and Kiyone jumped up to meet her. They hugged each 
other and then seperated. 
	"Mihoshi, how have you been?" Kiyone asked her former partner.
	"Oh, not as good as I was before..." Mihoshi frowned a little, but then 
brightened right up, "But still pretty good!" 
	"And it was getting so easy to run my expairements...." Washu grumbled.
	"Hush, you." Sasami giggled.
	"Is this your new partner?" Kiyone asked, walking over to the now 
nervous girl in the hall way, "How do you do? I'm Kiyone Makibi."
	"I'm Detective Second Class Siria." the young lady responded with a weak 
smile, "Pleased to meet you...." she paused for a moment, then a little more 
firmly, she said, "and I want you to know right away that what you did for 
Mihoshi is probobly the bravest and most loyal thing I've ever heard of anyone 
doing. I'm familure with your carrear in the GP, and to give that up to save 
her was very honorable of you."
	"Thank you..." Kiyone smiled back at her, then motioned for her to join 
them. Mihoshi was chattering at Ryoko and Ayeka.
	"So how did things go after you guys left? Tell me all about it! I'm so 
in the dark! GPHQ wouldn't let me even watch the news to find out what you two 
were up to! So come on spill!" 
	"Calm down!" Ryoko yelled, prying the GPO's hands off her shirt, "We're 
just getting to that now!"
	"So anyway...." Kiyone said, sitting back down with Kamidake, "I was 
brought back to GPHQ and Court Marshalled. Mihoshi gave a valiant defense, but 
Mitsuki was determined for me to go down, and I was sentenced to dishonorable 
discharge, and no compensation for my time with the GP."
	"That's kind of harsh for just resquing your partner isn't it?" 
	"I was consorting with known criminals to do it though..." Kiyone 
reminded her, "but it doesn't matter, because Kamidake brought the news of 
what I had done to the King, and I was commended again for helping Ayeka."
	"We heard." Ryoko grinned.
	"And I was presented with a monetary aid by the Queen." Kiyone said with 
a smug voice, "About fifty times larger then what I would have gotten in my GP 
bonus after retierment. Then Kamidake and I came back here and got jobs and 
settled down in a cute little place off of 23rd street.... you have to see 
this place Mihoshi, it's so cool-"
	"Can we get on with our part of the story?" Ayeka asked with a smile. 
	"Sorry, sure." Kiyone apoligized with a blush and a smile.
	"Aren't you two wanted criminals?" Siria asked as she sat down on the 
floor next to Mihoshi.
	"Yeah, but we're also in Juri space under Juri protection." Ayeka 
pointed out to her, "And any attempts to arrest us will be seen as an act of 
War against Juri."
	"Oh...." Siria said with a gulp. 
	"So I got us back to Ryo-Ohki, and we busted up out of that planet..." 
Ryoko continued with the story, "And on to our first bank job together!"




	The  Krelniran gaurd fell to the ground with a thud. Ryoko dusted her 
hands off and turned to Ayeka who had the last guard punching in the access 
code to the vault so that it would open. As soon as the door slid open, the 
princess knocked the gaurd out with a solid blow to the back of his head. 
	The two pirates set about gathering all the cash they could and stuffing 
it into huge sacks. After they had filled their bags to the bursting points, 
they ran out into the waiting area of the large bank, and made sure everyone 
was still knocked out or cowering on the floor. With a few whoops and blaster 
shots in the air, the two criminals ran from the bank and were teleported to 
Ryo-Ohki's bridge in an instant. 
	The Galaxy Police had arived by then, and they were under heavy fire. 
	"Return fire, Ryo-Ohki! But no critical hits! Just shoot them down. We 
don't want anyone else to have to die." the cabbit ship blasted back at the 
police as they were chased out into orbit. 
	An hour latter, after a rather exciting get away, the two woman soaked 
in a bath of hot water abord Ryo-Ohki. The built in bath was one of the 
reasons Ryoko loved her ship.
	"Ryo-Ohki, you can land on the first safe planet we come to." Ryoko 
ordered her ship.
	"Miya!" came the responce.
	"Well, I'd say the job went rather well today..." Ayeka said.
	"Went off just like we planed!" Ryoko grinned, "So what do you want to 
do now Princess?"
	Ayeka sat up suddenly and stared off into space. She reached up and 
touched the vacant space on her head where the crown used to sit, and a tear 
ran down her face. 
	Ryoko sat up as well, and touched her shoulder, "I didn't mean to remind 
you, Ayeka... I'm sorry..."
	"It's okay, Ryoko... it's just.... I've been enjoying myself out here, 
and I've left Sasami back home with the responisbility of the First 
Princess... that's not fair..."
	"Well, we can go back any time you want." Ryoko said, "I'll face the 
music alone if I have to."
	"No, I wouldn't do that..." Ayeka grinned at her partner, "I want credit 
for what we've done too you know!"
	Ryoko laughed, and Ayeka joined her. They sat back again and sat in 
silence for a little while, then Ayeka spoke, "You know, we could just go to 
Juri..."
	"And ask your parents to get us out of this mess?"
	"My Mother and Father would understand. They always do. Plus we have 
Kamidake to back us up..." 
	"True... should we head for Juri then?"
	"Yes, let's start that way. We'll see what we can do along the way."
	



Author's Notes
Okay..... I didn't mean for it to come out like this, but it's just a much 
longer story then I thought it would be at first.... look for the second part 
to be much shorter... I hope.... I really need to get back to my other 
series... they're all kind of hanging.... 
Any way, as always, questions, comments, rants, raves, compliments, and all 
that other good stuff are taken at Japhith@Juno.com, so mail me and tell me 
what you think, or I'll have Ryoko and Ayeka come after YOU next!
-Jacob McDonald, Author

	




	

 



	

 	
