"Tenchi Muyo" and all its characters (except for mine, I think you 
can tell which one's they are) are owned by Pioneer LDC,
AIC, and its contributors. All rights reserved.


It was evening, and everyone was having dinner at the Masaki 
house. As usual, Sasami had made another great meal, and
gotten compliments from everyone but Ryoko, who was too busy 
eating to say anything. That is, until she realized Ayeka was
staring fondly at Tenchi. "Hey you! Don't you even think about 
doing
anything with Tenchi! How many times do I have to tell
you, Ayeka!" Tenchi sighed and lowered his head, as he knew what 
was going
to happen, but still kept his eyes open enough to
see what was going on. Ayeka didn't give Ryoko the satisfaction of 
making
her angry this time though, remembering the last
fight they'd had. They had managed to bust the glass dome over the 
bath,
while Tenchi was in it no less. Tenchi had mentioned
to her after Ryoko stormed off that she was much prettier when she 
wasn't
angry. Calm and collected, Ayeka simply said
"Really Ryoko, I'm surprised at you. You still don't have the 
decency to
allow Tenchi and I to eat in peace."  Smirking as
Ryoko glared at her, she expected an outburst. Instead, Ryoko 
mumbled
something and began to eat again, though visibly very
angry. Ayeka continued eating as well. Suddenly Mihoshi dropped 
her
chopsticks and said "OH NO! I completely forgot about
it! I! I don't want to miss any of it!" Everyone looked at her as 
Mihoshi
looked at her food, then picked up her chopsticks and
packed her mouth full of food. She then stood up and quickly 
rushed from the
table. Everyone had a look of confusion on their
face, that is except for Washu. "There's a romance marathon on 
tonight," she
said quietly. (Sweat beads appear on everyone
except Sasami) Sasami gasped. "Really!? I must go get Mihoshi to 
record it!"
She also got up quickly and rushed out of the
room.  "So, has anybody seen one of my devices around here lately? 
It looks
kind of like a timer, with lots of dials on it? I left it
up here when I had to run back to my lab for something." Washu 
asked. "Hmm?
What is it?" asked Tenchi, kind of afraid that
something was going to be destroyed from this. "Oh its just one of 
my best
inventions ever!" she stated with a laugh. "It can
actually freeze time! Its great for making sure you're not late or
something." Tenchi and Ayeka shook their heads, and continued
to eat, but stopped when Ryoko started to laugh. "Haha! Now that I 
know what
this thing does I can do anything I want!" she
stated, holding up the device that Washu was talking about. "Lemme 
see.I
just hit this and this. and.." she said, quickly
turning various dials on it and pressing a button., while Tenchi 
and Ayeka
shouted in surprise. (Washu looking calm as ever)
There was a slight pause, and the device and Ryoko began to glow, 
and there
was a sudden "POP!" and Ryoko was gone!
"OH NO! WASHU WHAT HAPPENED TO HER!?" Tenchi shouted, him and 
Ayeka looking
at the genius to get an answer.
As if to answer his question, they saw Washu pointing towards the 
spot Ryoko
was, and turned to see that a very small Ryoko
was standing on the table, angrily glaring at them. "ugghhh!! 
WASHUUU!!" she
shouted in a tiny voice. Suddenly a holographic
tape measure appeared beside her, a red line blinking at a certain 
point.
"Exactly 4.5 inches tall!! Just as expected! Another
successful experiment!!" said Washu cheerfully as the hologram 
vanished.
Ayeka burst into the familiar cackle as she pointed at
Ryoko. Tenchi just looked miffed, asking "Is she going to be all 
right?"
Washu nodded. "It'll wear off soon. I could have made
it permanent though! And it's her own fault. Maybe this'll teach 
you not to
mess around with your mommies things Little
Ryoko." Ryoko stared daggers at Washu, shouting "This is not 
funny!!! I'm
gonna get you for this!" Ayeka was laughing to the
point of tears, but managed to control it enough to blurt out "Oh 
it
seems.you wont have any trouble. leaving some food on
you're plate now!!" She then started laughing again. Ryoko slowly 
turned her
head towards her food, confirming what Ayeka
had said, her food was a lot bigger to her now. But right now she 
wanted
that arrogant little princess to shut up, so Ryoko
walked across the table to Ayek'a glass of water and kicked it, 
sending it
flying up at the princess and spilling all over her
clothes, not to mention hitting her square in the face. "OW!" A 
cup shaped
red area slowly appeared on Ayeka's face, who had
stopped laughing and remained frozen like that for an instant. 
Outside the
room, Mihoshi and Sasami could hear all of them
arguing and yelling at each other, and things crashing. "I just 
love Romance
movies!!" Mihoshi stated, oblivious to anything but
the TV. "Wonder what they're doing in there? I hope they don't 
make a huge
mess again." Sasami said softly, though she
figured that they would.

After the meal, Washu proudly announced that she had some new 
experiments
she was going to start working on. She still had
some preparations to make before it actually got to that part, and 
that she
would introduce them to a few new machines when
she got done with them all. Tenchi made sure that this message got 
to
Mihoshi as well, though she seemed a bit sidetracked with
the marathon. As for the others: Ryoko had flown herself up onto 
the beam
she had a pillow on and kicked back to drink some
sake from a thimble she had gotten, overjoyed that she now had 
gallons (or
so it seemed to her) of the stuff. His grandfather had
gone back to the shrine, (he hadn't said anything during the whole
meal..hadn't even laughed) and Ayeka was having a
discussion with Washu. He couldn't hear what they where talking 
about, and
didn't want to interrupt them. Tenchi didn't see
Ryo-Ohki anywhere, and Sasami was outside. He decided to go out 
and see what
she was doing.

Tenchi saw her standing there staring up at the stars, and walked 
over to
her. He was a little surprised when she didn't look at
him or say anything. "Sasami?" She snapped out of it and turned to 
look at
him. "The stars are so beautiful when the sky is
clear." She said, half-smiling at him. Tenchi could sense that she 
was
worried about something though, and it showed in her eyes
as well. "Sasami. If anything is wrong you could always tell me or 
Ayeka."
She nodded, but didn't smile more. "I know Tenchi.
I've just been thinking about something. It's just that..", she 
said, not
finishing her sentence. With that Sasami turned away
from him for a moment. Tenchi was about to say something when 
Sasami looked
at him again and said, "Tenchi? Do you think
I'll ever meet someone like me?" Tenchi was a bit surprised by 
this
question, and Sasami looked at him again. "I mean..I like
being here with You and Ayeka and everyone, but I get lonely for 
someone my
own age sometimes. I never have anyone to
play with besides Ryo-ohki..Everyone is always so busy with their 
own
things." Tenchi thought for a moment, then said "I
never knew you felt like that Sasami. I guess I have been kind of 
neglecting
you lately. I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you
though! Do you want me to talk to Ayeka about it?" Sasami shook 
her head.
"You don't have to do that Tenchi. I'll talk to her
about it later. Do you want to watch stars with me?" Tenchi 
nodded, and
Sasami smiled at him, pointing to a constellation she
had recently noticed and asking him about it.

A while later, Tenchi felt a little tired, and yawned. Sasami 
giggled and
told him he should go to bed and get a lot of sleep.
(which was hard to do with Ryoko and Ayeka around) When he got 
inside again,
he noticed that Ayeka and Washu where
gone. He walked over to where Mihosi was, to see what kind of show 
it was
that she had gotten so worked up over at the
table. A weird looking pink think with antennas was crying, 
shouting
something about love. Mihoshi began to snivel and then
burst into tears. "It's not fair how could he just leave her like 
that!!!!
Waaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!" Sighing, Tenchi decided it
might be best if he just went to his room and got some extra 
sleep. He
carefully went up the steps so Ryoko wouldn't hear or
see him, and snuck to his door. "Whew" he whispered, and opened 
his door
quietly, slipping in and shutting the door just as
quietly. He then turned around to see a dark shape standing there 
in his
room! Startled, he quickly turned on a light to see it was
Ayeka! The expression on her face told him that she wasn't 
expecting him to
come in at this moment. "Miss Ayeka! What are
you doing here?" he questioned. She instantly turned red and 
laughed
nervously "Oh...nothing! Nothing at all! I was.
just.checking to see if you where asleep! But you weren't in here 
and I was
trying to think of where you could be! I was
worried that monster woman had injured you or something!" Tenchi 
sighed,
replying. "I'm fine. I was just outside with Sasami
and-" before he was cut off with a heavy laugh. Ryoko suddenly 
appeared
beside Ayeka, now back to her normal size. "Well,
well, well Princess! Sneaking into Tenchi's room are we? Now who's 
got the
loose morals?" Ayeka glared at her as Ryoko
began to laugh again, not noticing the dozens of small wood blocks 
that
appeared in the air. Tenchi, knowing what was coming,
quietly slipped out of the room before they could notice. They'd 
been doing
this too much, he thought. He suddenly got an idea
of where he could go to get some sleep. A place that would be the 
last place
Ryoko would check and Ayeka would never think
he would be. He silently made his way back downstairs and walked 
back into
the living room, where Mihoshi was just standing
up, yawning. "Hey..uh..Mihoshi?" Tenchi said, scratching the back 
of his
head as she looked at him curiously. "Would you
mind if.I ...slept on the floor ...in your bedroom tonight?" 
Mihoshi
instantly smiled, blushed, and clasped her hands
together. "Of course you can Tenchi! I wouldn't mind it at all!" 
she said,
almost suggestively. Tenchi thanked her, wondering if
this was such a good idea. "I was just going to bed myself!" She 
said,
giggling, as she shut off the tv.

A little over two hours later, Washu stepped out of her lab to see 
who was
available. She saw nobody. "Hmm. This might have
to wait until the morning. I hate delays." She was about to go 
back into her
lab when Sasami walked in. "Hey what are you still
doing up?" Sasami stopped and looked at her, and Washu thought she 
saw a
hint of something in the princesses' expression.
"Anyway, I just got done with a new invention! Wanna see what it 
is,
Sasami?" The girl nodded, smiling a bit, and followed
Washu into the lab. Sasami was always kind of excited whenever 
there was a
new invention or project in the lab, and this
cheered her up. Usually because something funny happened 
afterwards.

"Here it is! I haven't given a name to it yet, but it'll come to 
me
eventually!" Washu exclaimed as she pointed to a circular
platform that had an open glass enclosure around it. The platform 
was hooked
up to various machines and control panels that
formed a half circle around it. "Wow!...What is it Washu? What 
does it do??"
Sasami asked, extremely curious at the
moment. "This machine here can subdue the bodies physical 
consciousness and
alter the brain's state of being! It also has a
sensory enhancement and deprivation feature!" After about six 
seconds and no
reaction Washu then remembered that nobody
here ever understood her unless she made things really really 
simple, and
Sasami was not any different yet. "Hold on a second
and I'll demonstrate it for you" From out of nowhere a life-size 
Sasami doll
that looked exactly the same as her (except it didn't
have any hands or feet, and its face wasn't greatly detailed) 
appeared on
the circular platform. Washu went up and applied a
clear plastic mask onto it that fit over its mouth and nose (a 
band that fit
around the head kept it in place). She then went over to
one of the control panels and hit some buttons, and the glass 
enclosure
sealed itself and it began filling up with a bluish liquid
from below. Sasami watched as the liquid filled the tank 
completely and the
doll of her was floating inside of it. She laughed at
how funny it looked. "Now, at this point the liquid in the tank 
would cause
the person, which would be you, to lose physical
consciousness and enter an altered mental state. That means that 
you would
think you where in different places or times, while
your body is actually here. More descriptively, you might re-
experience
things that happened back on Jurai, or you could see
some knowledge that's buried in your subconscious." Sasami felt 
relief at
the thought of this, and turned to Washu. "Do you
think that I could try it for the night? Pleeeeaaasseee Washu??"  
She
pleaded. Washu saw a bit of desperation on Sasami's
face, and nodded. "Weeellll...You can..but first you have to 
change into a
different outfit. Wouldn't want to ruin your
clothes!"

After Sasami had put on something that resembled a light blue one-
piece
bathing suit, Washu escorted her towards the platform.
"Oh and another thing. You should take out those hair ties." Washu 
stated.
Sasami nodded and casually reached up and undid
the ties, handing them to Washu to put with her clothing. 
Straightening out
her hair a bit so it would wasn't over her shoulders,
she stepped into the tank and slipped the mask on, adjusting it so 
she could
breath easily. "Now, just relax a bit and I'll get this
started." She heard Washu say as the glass sealed closed. She then 
felt a
warmth at her feet and looked down to see the liquid
was filling the tank. Sasami looked at Washu, seeing that her 
mouth was
moving but she couldn't hear her. It then hit her that the
tank was soundproofed. Good idea, she thought to herself as the 
liquid came
over her knees. She was having a lot of mixed
feeling about things lately, and she was pretty confused. She'd 
only told
Tenchi a part of what was wrong. That's why she
asked if she could do this, because she felt that it would help 
her to clear
some things up for herself. Sasami sighed as the liquid
came up to her chest. She closed her eyes, already feeling the 
effects the
fluid was having on her body, and felt herself float a
little. She let all her muscles relax and just let her body absorb 
the
warmth as the tank filled up past her head and then
completely. There was a bubbling sound as what remained of the 
oxygen in the
tank was pushed out, and Sasami felt herself
slowly fading out of consciousness.

Washu had called up a screen to show Sasami's various life signs: 
like
stress level, heart rate, and oxygen intake. "All signs
indicate a generally relaxed state of conscious, though her 
nervousness
before getting in the tank was higher than it should have
been from something like this. Looks like everything will run 
smoothly
though!" She stretched a bit and yawned. "I guess I need
some sleep to recover from the all nighter I pulled yesterday! I 
can just
leave this to the automated control." Washu stood up
and walked towards a doorway that suddenly appeared, entering it 
and
shutting the door behind her.

 Ryoko had just finished another little bottle of sake, sighing as 
she
tossed it away. That Ayeka made her so mad! She always
got so furious when Ryoko had a little fun at mocking her. At 
least it
hadn't become more than an argument this time though.
She usually felt a little guilty whenever their fights did damage 
to the
house, and it got Tenchi mad at them. After their argument
they noticed Tenchi had disappeared! Ayeka had dismissed it as 
Tenchi just
running from a monster, and went to bed. Ryoko,
on the other hand, wanted to know where he had gone. She'd waited 
in his
room for a while for him to come back, but got
tired of waiting. She then got a couple more bottles of Sake and 
drank them,
bringing her to her present situation. She floated
up to the beam that she had set a pillow on and lay down on it. 
She sighed
again and wondered about travelling a bit. She had
been on this planet for more than 700 years (mostly trapped in the 
cave) and
hadn't really seen any of it yet. Needless to say
she was beginning to get a little curious about what this planet 
was really
like rather than going on others assumptions. Maybe
she should take a trip to another continent? Ryoko began to 
consider this,
and closed her eyes, waiting to fall asleep.

An hour later as Tenchi now lay in Mihoshi's room just calming 
down enough
to fall asleep. Tenchi had gotten an extra futon
and blankets from the storage room so he wouldn't have to sleep on 
the
floor. He hadn't gotten to fall asleep right away,
because Mihoshi had talked to him for a while before she dozed 
off. He
smiled as he looked over at her to see that she was
kind of sprawled out on the futon. Mihoshi was really happy about 
Tenchi
asking to sleep in her room, and she had stared at
him for most of the time until she fell asleep. He didn't know 
what happened
with Ayeka and Ryoko after he had left, but he
decided not to think about it. He realized he could hear Mihoshi's
breathing, and began to think about what it would be like if he
ended up with Mihoshi. He did play situations out in his mind: 
choosing
Ayeka, choosing Ryoko, even Washu. There was no
way things would go that easily though. He knew that. But Mihoshi 
was a
beautiful woman, he thought as he finally drifted off
into a dreamless sleep.

 Meanwhile, just outside the moon's orbit, a ship similar to the 
Yagami was
slowly coming to a stop. The ship was a dark gray
color, and was considerably bigger and less sleek looking. Inside 
its
cockpit where two figures staring at a screen that showed a
time scale to their destination, which was earth. One was a man 
with long
black hair, dressed in a black and gray armor. The
other was a woman about a foot shorter. She had bright orange-red 
hair and
was wearing a gray and white outfit that looked
similar to a Jurian's. "It's taken me a long time trying to find 
her, you
know. She was never one for staying in one spot before."
The man said, then after a pause he sighed and looked over at the 
woman. "I
know she remembers but I don't know how she's
going to react. Anyway, I'll go down there first to confirm. After 
things
get settled you can come down too." Nodding, the
woman replied "We should rest a bit first. Then we'll see if Washu 
really is
here or not." She then smiled crossed her arms and
smiled. The man turned and left the cockpit, saying, "Don't get 
into any
firefights out here while I'm asleep." The woman
shrugged, and began thinking of what was going to happen if Washu 
really was
at planet Earth. "Washu just might get more than
she bargained for." She said softly.

(Scene 2)
Sasami found herself in an endless black, and wondered how she had 
gotten
here. "Can anyone here me?" she shouted. She
found that she could walk around on an unseen surface, at least, 
but had no
idea where she was going. She had gone about
twenty feet when all of a sudden a spotlight came on just ahead of 
here and
she saw the younger Sasami, the one that had fallen
and died, step into it. She still looked the same, so small..her 
hair tied
at both sides but not yet long enough. The younger
Sasami looked at her, and just then a spotlight came on above her 
and lit up
the place she was standing at. Sasami found that
she was wearing a more mature version of the younger girl's 
outfit. Still
not knowing where she was at, she questioned the little
Sasami. "What's going on?" The younger version looked confused, 
and said
"But you told me to come!" Not remembering this
at all, Sasami was about to say something in return when another 
spotlight
came on to her left and Tsunami stepped into it.
"Tsunami what are you doing here?" Sasami asked, slightly nervous, 
but
turning her sight away from the other to look. Tsunami
gave her a look similar to the one the younger version gave her. 
"Tsunami?
But I am Sasami." This surprised Sasami. "But
you're not Sasami! She is Sasami!" she said, pointing to the other 
one, not
looking. "You're right. She is Sasami also." Tsunami
said. Looking to where she was pointing now, Sasami let her arm 
drop when
she saw that the young girl now looked exactly
like her. "But. She died!" Was all she could say. Tsunami smiled, 
as did the
other Sasami. "You don't need to tell yourself
that. You know what Tsunami's intent was." They both said in 
unison. Sasami
gasped as she thought about this, then stepped
back a bit. "Y- you... you mean that?.." A few seconds after she 
said these
words, everything went black again. "NO!
Come back and tell me! I have to know the answer!" she shouted 
out. "You
already know the answer." Said a faint voice that
sounded like Tsunami's.

Not knowing what to do, Sasami just stood there, feeling like 
crying. As she
stared into the darkness, she saw two faint figures
approaching each other. Sasami noticed one was male, and the other 
female.
As they got a closer, they became illuminated and
she saw that the male was severely wounded and carried a blue 
energy blade,
but he had a peaceful look on his face as he
turned to face her. The man slowly faded into the darkness as the 
blade's
color shifted from blue to gold. The female however,
was not wounded but her clothing was covered in blood. She smiled 
at Sasami
and burst out laughing, and vanished in a quick
burst of light. Sasami was left to wander around in the darkness 
until more
images came to her, and she saw outlines of several
ships out in space firing at each other, one was the Tsunami. As 
she
watched, the ship that was firing at the Tsunami and three
others (One was Ryo-ohki, the others she didn't recognize, though 
one of the
ships was enormous!) suddenly formed ten light
hawk wings. With a huge blast of energy, it destroyed Ryo-ohki and 
the
smaller unknown ship. Then the massive ship fired a
burst at the Tsunami that was so bright Sasami had to turn away. 
When she
looked back, she gasped in horror as she saw the
Tsunami with only two dim light hawk wings left, smoking and 
beaten. Sasami
screamed as the ships faded out and she was in
darkness again.

 Mihoshi was in Washu's lab, watching as the scientist performed 
some more
of her testing on Tenchi, the poor guy. She knew
that if Washu found out she was in here she would yell at her 
again, and
Mihoshi always felt bad after someone yelled at her.
Trying to sneak back out unnoticed, she turned around and started 
to walk
out when she felt something catch on her pocket, so
she pulled away. Various alarms and braxons went off immediately, 
and
Mihoshi looked down to see that she had accidentally
pulled a switch that was labeled "Instantaneous Matter Cloning 
Beam". She
knew that this wouldn't be good if she just let it go,
so Mihoshi began to press buttons and flip switches and dials on 
its control
panel. "Oh my I think this is it! No this! I don't
know!" she stated, panicked that something was going to blow up 
and Washu
would yell at her! "OH NO! THERE'S TOO
MANY BUTTONS!!!" Mihoshi screamed over the sirens. She heard loud 
clanking
and whirring and looked up to see a large
cannon-like machine turn itself to where Washu and Tenchi where, 
and lights
came on all over it as it powered up. There was a
bright white flash, and a loud BOOM! Mihoshi instinctively 
crouched down and
covered her head to avoid any debris, hoping
the explosion wouldn't be too big. To her surprise, there wasn't 
one, it was
just a very loud noise, and Mishoshi uncovered her
head and looked up. She saw Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, Washu, and 
Ryoko
looking down at her ominously. Mihoshi's vision
blurred as tears began to form in her eyes. "Do you have any idea 
what you
have just done?" Washu said in a low voice,
causing Mihoshi to shudder a bit. "I-..I don't know! .I'm sorry!! 
But it-"
she sniffled. "You're SORRY?" Ryoko said sharply.
Mihoshi fell back onto her rear as the group closed in and 
surrounded her,
sliding back a little. "I really can't believe that YOU
could do something like this!" Ayeka snorted. Mihoshi looked at 
Sasami, who
was also frowning at her, and began to cry.
"Imm...sorry!! I tried to stop it but! WWAAAAAHHH!!!" Suddenly 
their faces
turned from angry to joyful. "It's the greatest
thing you've ever done!!!" they all said in unison, parting to 
reveal a
whole bunch of Tenchis strewn about the floor, dazed from
being cloned. "I shall see you rewarded for this deed!!" exclaimed 
Ayeka.
Mihoshi slowly stopped crying and wiped her eyes,
confused. "Huh?" Ryoko picked her up and led them over to the 
Tenchis. "Now
there is a Tenchi for each of us!! I don't have
to fight with spoiled Princess anymore!" the space pirate said, 
dropping her
and picking up a Tenchi and hugging him (though
the Tenchi was wearily telling her to stop it). Mihoshi stood up 
and looked
around. There seemed to be just enough for
everyone: Ayeka was doing her best to try to get her Tenchi to 
wake up,
Sasami and Ryo-ohki where talking to another,
Washu was chasing a Tenchi down and shouting about a sample, and 
there was
another Tenchi who was just sitting up. Mihoshi
rushed over to him and dived on him, giving the Tenchi and large 
hug. "Oh I
can't believe it!" she shouted, wanting to cry again,
but from joy this time. Now she would be able to be with Tenchi! 
"Ohhh I
don't believe this!" said all the Tenchis in unison. She
then suddenly woke up.

It was morning now, and Mihoshi slowly opened her eyes and yawned. 
"Mmmmm.
that was a strange dream." She sat up
and looked to her left and saw that Tenchi was still asleep. She 
smiled and
wondered how much Tenchi actually liked her.
Enough to retreat to her when Ayeka and Ryoko got to fighting, she 
thought
with a light laugh. She watched him for a while,
thinking about all that had happened between them, though there 
wasn't all
that much. She would have to change that, she
thought, feeling a little embarrassed for thinking like that. 
Mihoshi got up
and stretched, then decided to take a bath while
everyone else was asleep. She gathered some fresh clothing.

"I've got it!" shouted Ryoko, her eyes suddenly opening. She 
grinned,
floating down from the beam, vanishing as she touched
the ground, and reappearing in the room where she kept her 
clothes. "Haahaa!
This is gonna be great! All I need now is some
of my stuff and I'm set!" she stated, looking around the room, 
then a
realization hit her. "Hey! Wait a minute. How am I going to
carry all that stuff around?" Ryoko folded her arms across her 
chest,
thinking. "This might have to wait."

 Ryo-ohki was wandering around in Washu's lab, trying to find her 
friend
Sasami. Having searched the whole house last night
and most of the lab this morning, she felt sure that Sasami must 
be
somewhere in this darker part of it. Ryo-ohki was not
surprised when she saw that there was a new machine here, but she 
got closer
she realized that it was a tank. As she moved
around from behind the control panels that surrounded most of it, 
she saw
that the tank had Sasami inside of it. "Miya!" she
exclaimed, hopping closer so she could see what Sasami was doing 
in the
tank. Staring up, it looked like she was just sleeping
in there. In an instant she changed into her humanoid Ryo-Chan 
form and
tapped on the glass, smiling at her friend. Sasami
didn't open her eyes and smile or wave back or even move at all. 
Frowning a
bit, Ryo-ohki wondered if Sasami was sick.
Maybe that's why she was in the tank! Maybe her mother had noticed 
Sasami
was looking sick and put her in the tank to heal
her! "Miiyyaa!" she stated, changing back to her cabbit form and 
rushed off
to look for Washu so she could get Sasami out of
the tank and play games with her.

 Washu was just coming out of her lab when she heard Ayeka calling 
for
Sasami. Following her voice to the kitchen, she saw
that Ayeka was looking kind of panicked. "Miss Washu! Have you 
seen Sasami
anywhere? She didn't sleep in our room last
night, and I don't know where she is!" Washu frowned a bit and 
pointed at
her "I told you this before! I'm not helping you with
anything unless you start calling me Little Washu!" Ayeka 
immediately became
furious, and grabbed the little scientist by the
collar. "THIS IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN CALLING YOU LITTLE! SASAMI IS 
MISSING!"
she shouted. Washu
shook her head. "Calm down. Sasami's in my lab. She spent the 
night in one
of my new inventions!" Washu said proudly.
Ayeka let go of her, looking worried now. "Why would she do that? 
There's
nothing wrong with her is there?" Washu shook
her head again. "No it's nothing serious. Sasami should be 
regaining
consciousness in a few hours." Ayeka turned white.
"WHAT!?" she shouted. Washu sighed, and gestured for Ayeka to 
follow. "Just
come into my lab and I'll show you!
Everything's under control. You know, I am the greatest scientific 
genius in
the universe after all!" Ayeka, still white and half
doubting that last sentence, followed Washu.

"What is this??" Ayeka questioned as she looked at the tank Sasami 
was in.
"Ask Sasami when she gets out. I don't want to
have to explain it again." Washu said softly, checking the control 
panels to
make sure they where still accurate. "Everything's
perfect!" she stated happily. Ayeka stepped closer to the tank, 
the blue
glow changing the color of her clothing, wondering why
Sasami asked to be put in something like this. She stared at 
Sasami,
noticing that without her hair tied like she usually had it she
looked older, less child-like. "There was nothing wrong with her?" 
Ayeka
asked, still a little nervous. Washu turned and looked
up at Ayeka. "Physically, she's in perfect health. Emotionally, 
that's
different. Something was bothering her, that was obvious.
She wouldn't have wanted to be put in there otherwise. Ayeka, I 
suggest that
you talk to her when she gets out." Saying
nothing, Ayeka turned and watched Sasami again. Washu decided that 
she would
leave her alone, and began to walk back to
the labs exit. Ryo-ohki came out from behind a control panel and 
rushed to
Washu, hopping up into her arms. The cabbit began
to frantically communicate with Washu to find out what was going 
on with her
friend Sasami, and Washu smiled and began to
explain it to her.

Mihoshi and Ryoko where now taking a bath, having nothing else to 
do for the
moment. "It's so calm around here today! And
we've been in here for almost an hour! I cant believe it time 
passes so
quickly!" Mihoshi exclaimed. "I know. And I haven't
seen anyone else but you today, and Tenchi hasn't been anywhere 
I've
looked!" Ryoko replied, casually turning to Mihoshi to
see that she was blushing. "What's wrong with you?" she 
questioned. Mihoshi
laughed lightly, and began making her first fingers
poke into each other, (still blushing) answering, "Oh nothing! But
Tenchi...he asked if he could..I can't believe he! Oh
maybe he does!" Ryoko stared at her (a sweat bead appearing on her 
head).
"What are you talking about Mihoshi? And what
about Tenchi?! You didn't do anything to him did you?" Before 
Mihoshi could
answer, the device on her wrist began to beep,
and she quickly stood up and looked at it. "Oh my! Sorry Ryoko but 
duty
calls!" Mihoshi exclaimed, pulling the pink cube out
of her hair, twisting it a few ways and vanishing before Ryoko 
could
strangle her.

As Mihoshi appeared on the cockpit of her ship, she shouted in 
triumph,
raising her arms up. "Wow! I got it right the first time!
Oh yeah!" Immediately after that, the screen that was blinking 
'Emergency'
changed to reveal the face of her superior, who
immediately recognized the fact that she was standing in something 
of a
victory pose wearing nothing but a wet towel. His eyes
went wide in surprise, and he shouted "Mihoshiiiii!!" as he fell 
backwards
off his chair. Mihoshi looked down at herself and
realized this too. "!!!!!." She turned blue, threw her hands over 
her body,
and rushed out of the cockpit screaming.
Tenchi yawned as he stepped into the living room. It was 
surprisingly quiet
today, and this made him a little nervous. What was
wrong with him? He always felt nervous around the ladies, never 
knowing what
they would do, but now that they where
nowhere in sight and all was quiet he was still nervous! He could 
just sense
the impending doom and knew that soon they where
all going to storm in and rush him at once or something. He 
laughed softly
at the thought of this, and decided to just make the
most of it. Tenchi plunked himself down onto the couch and sat 
there in the
silence, just thinking. He heard Ryoko come in and
go into Washu's lab, and then they both came out and went outside. 
He
wondered what was going on, but figured he would
find out soon enough. Tenchi heard a whoosh, and felt a slight 
blast of air,
followed by the sound of someone landing behind
him. Figuring it was Ryoko, he turned around to see that it wasn't 
Ryoko at
all, but someone who looked a little different.
"What?-" was all he got out as she pricked him on the neck with a 
needle.
Tenchi jumped back, but he didn't had time to react
to anything, because about six seconds later he suddenly felt weak 
and lost
consciousness. The woman smiled and tossed the
pin away, catching Tenchi before he hit the ground. Then they 
vanished.

A few minutes after Mihoshi had left, Ryoko had gotten out of the 
bath and
turned her attention to completing her share of some
of the chores. Grumbling as she swept the walkway that lead to the 
stairs,
she began to laugh as she thought of how much
Ayeka was going to yell about having to sweep the bottom half of 
all those
stairs! When she had let it all out, she heard
something, and turned to see somebody walking towards her. He was 
wearing a
black and gray outfit that Ryoko had never
seen before, so she guessed that he wasn't an earthling or Jurian. 
"Do you
need something?" she asked him. The man nodded
and answered "Yes. I'm looking for a woman named Hakubi Washu. I 
believe
that she is here, isn't she?" Ryoko was a bit
surprised, and stared at him for a moment, trying to figure him 
out. The man
grinned slightly. "I can wait if you want to finish
what you're doing."  With that Ryoko said "Good point. Come on", 
turned and
walked to the house, the man following. "Wait
here for a moment and I'll get her." Ryoko said as she entered the 
house,
leaving the man at the front of the house. He grinned,
stepping out onto the grass as he stared at the lake and the 
mountains. It
was so quiet here that you could her the wind and
birds chirping. Nothing like what he'd had to deal with for the 
past few
years. He could see why Washu was here now. After a
few minutes he heard the sound of the door opening again and 
turned to see
who had come out.

Washu stood there in the doorway, looking at the man with a 
slightly
surprised expression. His clothing looked familiar to her,
but she couldn't quite place him. The hair, and his pale gray eyes 
only
amplified this. She had only known a few people with
pale gray eyes, and ... Then it hit her. "Rane?!" she gasped. The 
man
nodded, still grinning. Ryoko came out, standing
behind Washu, just in time to see the her "mothers" reaction. 
Ryoko was a
bit baffled by this, and turned to Washu. "Hey!
What's this about? Who is this guy?"  Washu sighed, knowing she 
would have
to answer. "His name is Rane Geldahal.  He was
an.old friend of mine. But I thought he was dead.. After that 
attack."
Rane's smile faded after this statement, and he began
to walk up to them. "Is that what happened?" he said. Ryoko 
tensed, ready
for action, but Washu grabbed Ryoko's arm and
gave her a look that told her to stop, so she did. Washu took a 
few steps
forward towards the guy, and stood there. "Do
whatever you want to Rane. I know why you came here. I can't say 
that I
truly regret it, and you know I probably deserve it."
The man's expression did not change, but he raised his hand a bit 
and
gathered a bluish energy ball, then closed his hand to
form a dark blue energy sword that looked similar to Kagato's. 
Ryoko tensed
up again, ready to fire an energy ball at the man if
he tried anything, but Washu just stood there with a look of 
sorrow. Rane
quickly swung the sword up to Washu's face,
grinning a little. Washu flinched, but then felt the blade 
pressing against
her cheek. Rane then pulled the sword back and
lowered it to the ground. Washu felt a stinging sensation on her 
cheek, then
put her hand on it and looked to see that she was
bleeding. He had only given her a cut? "Rane?" was all she said. 
He was
still grinning as he jabbed the blade into the ground in
front of him, staring her directly in the eyes. "No.. you and your 
creation
have paid enough penance for that."  Washu looked
back at Ryoko for a second and mentally told her to stay back. She 
then
turned back to Rane and gave him a small smile,
though she did have tears in her eyes. "There was no way you could 
be alive!
I saw you..get." Washu stated, trailing off.
Rane shook his head, speaking softly. "Torn apart? Or left for 
dead? How
many times was that?..Washu, I thought you
would have at least known enough about me to realize that as a 
scientist
myself I would not have let something like that kill me."
Ryoko said nothing as she watched this, but wondered if everyone 
Washu knew
was like this. She barely understood them!
With this the sighed and shook his head "I could still try to kill 
you, but
I know that would not be the way of things. My mission
here is not to destroy, but to repair what has already been 
destroyed."
Washu truly smiled at this, nodded, and said "You know
it may take a while." Rane nodded back, opened his hand, and the 
energy
blade vanished. "Now, Washu. I believe that we can
help each other out." Washu's face slowly returned to normal, 
though the cut
was still there, a little trail of blood down her
cheek. "And Rane..I have a favor to ask of you." Rane crossed his 
arms
across his chest and replied "That's all right. What is
it?" Washu's smile returned and she put her hands on her cheeks, 
turning
away from him slightly. "Could you please call me
Little Washu.all right??" Ryoko looked stunned, and fell over. 
Rane got a
puzzled look on his face, and then began to laugh.
"I am little you know!" Washu exclaimed.


To be continued.

Note:
This takes place a few months after the 13th episode in the first 
OAV series (so NO Kiyone), and it had nothing to do with the
movies because I haven't seen them yet. I tried to make this close 
to the series, but also to show some changes that the group
might be going through. After all, anything that stays the same 
for too long gets stagnant, I think. Hope you like it!
