
Rude Seria
deathdisk@hotmail.com
Regular

Tenchi Muyo! 
Past, Present, and Future: Part 2 (The Past meets the Present)
More people show up, and Washu starts to figure out what's going on.

"Tenchi Muyo" and all its characters (except for mine, I think you can tell which one's they 
are) are owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and its contributors. All rights reserved.


	When Mihoshi got back into the cockpit, fully dressed in her uniform this time, she found 
that the screen the Emergency screen was still there. There was a different face though, this 
one a pale female humanoid with dark hair, as the other superior was still passed out. Mihoshi 
flinched a little as the face glared at her. "Detective Mihoshi, In the future I recommend that 
you do not receive any more calls without wearing your issued uniform. Any more instances like 
this will lead to heavy penalties. Understood?" Mihoshi looked down at her feet for a few seconds. 
"Understood. I'm having some problems with the control cube...I meant to change first but I 
didn't it just transported me here like that. I'm sorry." The woman's face lightened a little 
bit. "Well, if that's you're problem perhaps you should request that you're manuals be updated. 
Now listen up Detective Mihoshi!" Mihoshi snapped to attention, not wanting to get into any more 
trouble. "We've received reports that the bounty hunter Rane Geldahal is in you're area. As you 
know, Section 34-IV restricts bounty hunters from your area. You need to locate him and find out 
why he's there, because we know that he doesn't go to places for no reason. AND be very cautious 
because he does have a criminal record and is known for using lethal force when confronted. There 
are a number of people with him, but most have no criminal record. Also, he is believed to be 
traveling with the B-2 criminal Lacora Veral. You'll have to check the Police records because 
there is too much to say as it is. MIHOSHI! Pay attention and stop fooling around with that! 
Gods... how can these people handle this?" Mihoshi sighed and apologized, forcing her self to 
pay more attention. "You are to arrest her through whatever means possible, and make sure that 
neither of them finds out that Princess Ayeka and Sasami are there! And finally, there are reports 
that several ships are heading towards your area. The majority of these are just standard 
Valorin colony ships, (different screens appear and display what the ships look like) but there 
are two that you are to learn as much about as you can. (a screen appears directly in front of 
Mihoshi, but its blank) That will tell you more about that, but we have one more thing. ~sigh~ 
We have gained permission from the Jurai Supreme Command of the Royal Body Guard to send another 
GP agent to assist you. This one is from the Galaxy Police Special Forces, and-" Mihoshi shouted 
in surprised, and began hopping up and down. "OH WOW! A Special Forces agent! I'm gonna be 
working with a SPECIAL FORCES AGENT!! That's soooooo great I cant believe it!" The woman on the 
screen gritted her teeth and shouted "-IS EXPECTED TO ARRIVE THERE SHORTLY! THAT IS ALL!! 
........Good luck Detective Mihoshi." The screen went blank and faded out. Mihoshi laughed, but 
then suddenly stopped and looked lost in thought. "Oh... she reminds me of someone."

	After the talk that Washu had with Rane when he arrived, she had led him inside so they 
could sit down and relax. Needless to say that this took some talking to get Ryoko calmed down 
enough to let him. After what Rane said about how he could still try to kill her, it was easy to 
understand the fact that he made the Ryoko more than a little nervous. That little nick he put 
on her face was healed now anyway. Her daughter would have to handle it, because she had to go 
down and get Sasami out of the tank. Ayeka was gone, and she hadn't seen Tenchi, but Washu didn't 
stop to think about it. Ryo-ohki watched happily as Washu stood at on of the control panels and 
began to drain the fluid out. She tapped a few more buttons. "There! That should do it!" she 
stated. The fluid nearly gone, Sasami lay in a heap on the inside. There was then a low tone, 
and the glass of the tank suddenly parted and slid back to reveal a door. "Miya?" Ryo-ohki 
questioned, wondering why Sasami had not woken up yet. "It's all right. The fluid's effect on 
the body is wearing off, she'll wake up in ....... Ten minutes. A little drowsy, but she'll be 
fine!" Washu then walked over and picked Sasami up, carrying her over to a long floating cushion 
that had hovered over to them, and setting her down on it. Washu removed the oxygen mask from 
Sasami's face, and sat down on another floating cushion to wait for her to wake up. Ryo-ohki 
jumped up onto the cushion Sasami was on and rubbed her head against her friend's cheek, wanting 
her to wake up. Washu, thinking about Rane being here, knew this was going to be a long day for 
her. Washu had completely forgotten about most of her life before being freed from the reversed 
world. She had thought that it was for the best, because everyone she knew then had either come 
to hate her or just leave her. Rane was the only person she could think of that had done whatever 
he could to help her when she needed it. But then after that...incident....when she was planning 
to create Ryoko, she thought that there was no way he would ever want to help her again. 
Something must be really wrong here. She would also have to do some researching on Rane to see 
how he was able to generate an energy sword so similar to Kagato's. "He could've used some of 
the devices that where left behind, but ... I don't think he was capable of knowing how to use 
them properly. I don't think there is any way to know what went on with him aside from just 
asking him." She sighed. Asking him about this would probably make her seem like she didn't know 
him at all. The more Washu thought about it, she wondered how much she actually did know about 
him. "Rane's a scientist too?....." she said softly.
	
Sasami was waking up slowly, reality and dream mixing together. She felt something rubbing on 
her face, and heard purring. She opened her eyes and saw Ryo-ohki staring her happily in the 
face. "oh.... it's you.... Ryo.." she managed to say before she yawned. She sat up and felt 
Ryo-ohki jump onto her lap. Smiling, Sasami gently grabbed the little creature and began to 
tickle it. Squirming around, the cabbit miya'd happily as it tried to escape, and after a minute 
or two it got away from her and hid behind her feet, smiling. Sasami noticed Washu and turned 
her attention to the scientist, her eyes still heavy. "Looking good! Everything's in good 
condition! Have a good rest?" Washu said. Sasami nodded, getting on her feet. "The drowsy effect 
will wear off soon, but other than that, you're ready for another day at Tenchi's house! Well... 
except this one's a bit different." Sasami wondered what she meant by that, and the curious look 
on her face gave it away. "Come on. Let's get you clothes on and I'll explain." Sasami smiled a 
little at Washu and said, "Oh! Washu... can you make something for me?"
	
Ryoko still wasn't sure about this Rane person. He looked like someone who would attack first 
and ask questions later, but he hadn't made any threatening moves aside from the cut he put on 
Washu's face, though she found it difficult now to stop herself from attacking him for. Now he 
was sitting here in Tenchi's house and talking to her, and to top it off she hadn't seen Tenchi 
at all yet either! This day was not going too well yet. Rane turned to her and said, "So you're 
Ryoko? I can tell that Washu did a good job." (Maybe a little too good, he thought) Ryoko looked 
at him cautiously. "What do you mean by that?" she said, almost on the verge of throwing him 
across the room. "I simply meant that she gave you a lot of power. I've always wondered why." It 
suddenly occurred to Ryoko that he was referring to why Washu had made her like she was. If she 
had been created with no powers, then Kagato wouldn't have had any reason to have controlled 
her. She caught herself, and blasted these thoughts out of her mind. They where all in the past, 
and as far as Ryoko was concerned now, she really hadn't even existed until the moment she was 
sealed in that cave. "Ryoko. If it's all right with you, I'd like to discuss things with you 
later." He said, slight sympathy showing on his face. "Uh... yeah, ok." She answered, wondering 
what he was planning. 

They where then interrupted when Washu and Sasami came in, and Washu told the princess the 
visitors name. Everyone was a bit surprised to find that although Sasami was dressed the same, 
she didn't have her hair tied into tails at both sides. Instead she had her hair tied back into 
one large ponytail with an ornamental headpiece, which made her look a bit older. She looked 
almost exactly like Misaki! Ryoko looked at Washu and mentally asked her why Sasami looked like 
that. (I don't know. She just asked me to make her one, so I did. Washu thought back) Rane 
walked up to the pair and greeted them. Sasami smiled and said "How do you do? I am Sasami!" 
With that he got a surprised look on his face, but that quickly changed to a smile. "It's quite 
an honor to meet you in person, Princess Sasami!" Sasami laughed and answered "You don't have to 
treat me like royalty or call me Princess! Save that for Ayeka cause she'd really like that!" 
Rane nodded in agreement, then he raised an eyebrow. Washu chuckled and Ryoko burst out laughing 
over the inside joke. Ryo-ohki jumped up onto Sasami's shoulder as she ran out of the room to go 
play outside. Washu gestured to him and they went into the main part of Washu's lab. "Well what 
do ya think? Like my setup?" Washu said, smiling as she pointed to different things in her lab 
while they walked. "Nice. I take it you have separate dimensions for each section as well?" he 
asked. Washu nodded, then looked at him and asked. "I don't mean to be rude or anything, but 
after everything that happened to you, why exactly are you here?" Rane folded his arms across 
his chest and grinned. "Because I couldn't find you until now. Honestly, I wanted to see what 
you where up to now that your free from Kagato. You seem to be doing pretty good out here. I can 
see why.....there's not much to distract you on this planet." Washu smiled and gave him a 
sarcastic "Yeah right! Now, I don't know what's changed with you since I was gone, but I DO know 
that trouble usually follows you Rane! You still show through even in that disguise! Enough of 
the hiding and just tell me why you're here. You're not going to say that Kagato made some kind 
of clone are you?" Rane sighed. "Can't hide anything from you can I?  I'm not removing the 
disguise, but I'll tell you. The thing is, I took up being a bounty hunter to pay for my 
experiments. I may be on the same path as you, but I still need money to get certain materials. 
Anyway, I turned out to be pretty good at it, but then I have some criminals who happen to get 
there hands on some of my technology. Nothing too serious, a few strong weapons. I deal with 
them, but then somebody happens to steal a spaceship I designed that's capable of draining power 
from other ships and using their own power against them." Washu said nothing, but kept listening. 
"Now, I'm not quite sure of what they plan to do with it, but if I where them......and I had 
managed to get my hands on a ship that could steal energy from any ship in the universe.......
then what do you think they would try to do?" Washu only had to think for a second, and then 
replied "Then they would most likely try to take Tsunami's power! But......there's no way they 
could do that. Tsunami would destroy them before they could take enough energy to be on an even 
playing field!" Shrugging, Rane shook his head. "These people may just be stupid but I'm going 
to assume that their very capable of doing so. Washu." The crab-head nodded at this, thinking it 
a good state of mind. "So you want my help on this then? I can understand wanting help from the 
greatest scie-" She started, only to be interrupted when Rane retorted "Actually, I think I can 
handle that on my own Washu. I came here for that, but that green haired punk of yours forced me 
to give you that warning so you would know what's going on when things are exploding out in 
space."  Washu gasped, realizing who he was talking about. "You mean he's still alive?!? You're 
not lying!?" She couldn't believe that she hadn't sensed him earlier! Washu turned to face Rane, 
smiling, though her eyes where watery. "Is he here on this planet?! It's been so long since I've 
seen the little guy!" 

While all this was happening, Ayeka was at the Unit checking on Ryu-oh, to see how far the tree 
had progressed since the last time she saw it. Needless to say, she was anxious for it to grow 
enough to change into the ship she'd had when she first came here. Then she wouldn't have to 
rely on the others if she needed to go to other planets, and she could also help in space 
battles too. Even though she was a princess, she did get a thrill from blasting attacking ships, 
though she would NEVER admit it. Especially to Ryoko. The tree was now almost as tall as her, 
and the branches where beginning to get thick with leaves. Ayeka smiled as the tree's branches 
shot beams of light down into the soil. "If only Ryoko hadn't forced my ship down here, then I 
wouldn't have had to put Ryu-oh through that." She said softly, turning to leave. As she walked 
out of the unit, intending to visit Tenchi, she thought about that incident. That had been one 
of the low points of her life: She'd lost her brother, and then her ship, which stranded her on 
this planet with someone she had hated with almost everything in her. After Ayeka had found out 
that Kagato had been controlling her the whole time, she found a lot of that anger faded. It 
hadn't left instantly, but she had let it go. Now the thing that made her angry with Ryoko was 
the fact that she was trying to get Tenchi! Ayeka couldn't believe that woman had the nerve to 
act so....so...she couldn't even think of the word right now. She sighed, wishing there was a 
way that she could get Ryoko away from Tenchi, and she realized that she was just entering the 
living room. Surprised it had been so quick, Ayeka was even more surprised to see that the 
living room was completely empty. "Where did everyone go?" she asked herself aloud. Ayeka was 
about to sit down and watch some TV when she heard a shout from upstairs and loud crashings for 
several minutes. "Oh my...." Ayeka approached the stairs, hearing something slam on the floor up 
there and someone shout, and she had just reached the seventh step when someone appeared at the 
top and came rushing down at her in a tumble. Ayeka shouted in surprise and jumped down, dodging 
just in time to avoid getting plowed down as the person came to a skidding stop at the bottom of 
the steps. The figure groaned and stood up. It was a girl, Ayeka's age and a little shorter, 
with straight light purple hair (down to mid-back) and blue eyes. She was dressed in what looked 
like half a kimono, (though it was torn in several areas) it ended just below her hips, but she 
also wore loose fitting white pants. (author note: like the kind Yosho wears) Ayeka could see 
that the lady had several bleeding wounds on her body , and a bleeding nose. Ryoko flew down the 
steps after the girl, ready to kick her ass, and stopped right in front of the dazed intruder 
with her arm pulled back for a (very) hard punch. Ryoko was about to connect when the girl 
simply snapped out of her daze and put her hands out in front of her, waving them frantically. 
"STOP!! Stop! Don't hit me again please!!" Ryoko grinned at the panicked look in the woman's 
eyes. "You better tell me who you are and what you where doing in there!" Ryoko demanded. The 
woman shook her head frantically and wiped the blood off of her mouth as Ayeka looked her over. 
"You're Jurian aren't you?" The woman nodded at Ayeka. "It's easy to see. What is your name now, 
miss?" She appeared to calm down a little, but kept her focus on Ryoko. "My name's Vale Mesal. 
I came here with that bounty hunter." Ryoko sighed "Rane? Man this guy is really messing up my 
day!" The woman gasped "YOU'RE day is messed up?!!" Ayeka payed no attention to Ryoko, thinking 
about where she had heard that name before. Then it hit here. "Mesal! You don't mean the family 
that designs Jurai weaponry?" The woman nodded and grinned a little at this "Yeah you got it. 
Although I'm kind of distanced from 'em right now. How did you know that anyway?" Ayeka grinned 
and introduced herself. "I am the first Princess of Jurai. How should I not know?" Vale's face 
went blank, and she turned black and white. "AYEKA MASAKI!?!" She sagged and her body slumped to 
the right. "I'm really gonna get it now.........maybe they wont recognize me from all the 
bruising that the psycho gave me sets in." Puzzled by her reaction, Ayeka stared at her, but 
Ryoko shouted and punched Vale right in the face. Needless to say this sent her reeling 
backwards, where she fell onto the floor unconscious. Ayeka gasped, shouting "What are you 
doing!? HOW DARE YOU ASSAULT MY PEOPLE!!" Glaring at each other Ryoko shouted back "She insulted 
me! And your person here was IN TENCHI'S ROOM and going through HIS STUFF!!" "WHAAAT!??" Ayeka 
shouted, glaring at the unconscious girl. "Uuuggghhh!! You didn't have to knock her out!! Now I 
have to wait for her to wake up before I can have a chance to strangle her!!" Ryoko started 
laughing, wondering what Tenchi would think of the proper princess now. Ryoko decided to go find 
Tenchi, and leave Ayeka to handle Vale.

Sasmi sighed as she sat up on a tree limb watching the scenery around her. Just mountains, 
trees, and a lake. These and a floating onsen. It was so quiet here. Nothing like the palaces 
and royal assemblies like she's been around when she was younger. Then again, she still wasn't 
sure if she should even be here. Was she the real Sasami or not? Her time in the tank had 
brought the question up again, but kind of directed her into believing she was real. But was 
that just what her mind knew, or what she had wanted to think was true? Sasami heard Ryo-ohki 
below her, and grinned down at the cabbit, who didn't want to climb up the tree after her. "I'm 
fine up here! Hey! I just remembered that I left some carrots for you in the kitchen!" Upon 
hearing this, Ryo-ohki gratefully smiled up at Sasami and dashed back to the house. She turned 
her attention back to the scenery, but didn't have much time to think about anything before she 
heard a voice below shout "What are you doing up there?" Sasami turned a bit and looked down to 
see who it was, staring for a second at the unfamiliar person before she realized that it was a 
boy about her age. His face looked slightly familiar, but he had vibrant spiky green hair and 
his eyes where emerald green. Just like Washu's, she thought. Sasami smiled at him, mentally 
noting his facial features for comparisons later, also noticing that he was dressed in a layered 
outfit similar to the other man's, but this boy's was a light gray color. "I was just staring at 
the scenery. It's so beautiful out here!" she stated, starting to climb down. "Yeah I know! I 
just got here and I already like it!" the boy replied. When she got back on the ground she 
laughed lightly smiled at him. "So your with the other man that was here? Oh and my name's 
Sasami Misaki! What's yours?" The boy smiled back. "I'm Souja. That was Rane! He's my guardian!" 
Sasami winced a little at the name, remembering how Kagato had almost gained control of Tsunami. 
She didn't want to run from him, but felt it would be best if she got Ayeka or Tenchi nearby. 
"And don't worry! I know you're a princess! I wouldn't want to hurt a girl even if she wasn't a 
princess!" the boy said. A little confused by this, Sasami wondered how he could tell she was 
worried that he would hurt her. She stared at the boy for a minute, but all he did was grin and 
give a laugh that sounded almost exactly like Washu's. She was about to ask him more about 
himself when he gave a slight wave of his hand. "Hey I heard that Washu was here! Can you show 
me where she is? I wanna meet her!" Souja asked, a hopeful smile on his face. Sasami nodded, and 
began leading him.

On a galaxy Police ship that was at the moment stopped, a woman named Kalena was just sitting 
down in the cockpit to go over some files for her mission. She was a humanoid with pale white 
skin, spiky hair that was a similar color (which was pulled back into a large tail by a 
crystalline hair ornament), though her eyes where gray. In contrast to her seemingly monotone 
features, she wore a bright blue and red Special Forces uniform, which looked more stylish than 
Mihoshi's. She began to hit various buttons on the console next to her, and several screens 
appeared, showing different images. "Oookay now. First Class Detective Mihoshi? Nah I already 
know about her. (mumbling) and that ain't going to be a cakewalk......Oh yeah! The Xaquaria! 
Let's see.... It's a 00V80X model?? Should be completely outdated by now, its at least twice the 
size of the recent models. Those things didn't have much of anything going for them! Must have 
had some maaajor upgrading if it's a bounty hunter's ship. Have to check that out when I get to 
Earth. Known occupants?" The woman tapped some more buttons, bringing up a large picture of the 
Xaquaria and face shots of several people. "Three known occupants. Lacora Veral, a known 
criminal, wanted for numerous counts of theft and abduction. Wait a minute......Vale Mesal, the 
daughter of a Jurai weapons designer? Wasn't she working on one of their major projects a while 
back? Oh man.... Now I have to interrogate people?" Kalena sighed, then took a drink out of a 
bottle she had sitting at her feet. "Yuvinaja!" the woman shouted, and domed mechanical face 
activated and descended towards her from the ceiling of the ship. "You wanted something Miss 
Kalena?" it said in a feminine voice. "I've only got minor stats files and visuals here. Can you 
give me more information on Vale Mesal?" she asked. The screen instantly changed to show a full 
body image of Vale, and the empty space beside the picture filled with greenish text. She 
quickly skimmed over it, as the computer began to tell her extra info. "Vale Mesal. An occupant 
of the planet Jurai and 653 years old, she is the latest descendant to the Mesal family that has 
been designing weaponry and defense for the Royal Family for the past 7,000 years. Although she 
has not been involved in many projects, she is well known for having designed a more efficient 
propulsion method that has yet to be integrated into recent prototype Jurai ships. She is most 
known for her work at salvaging lost and damaged ships and recovering various relics. Though it 
is unknown why she left the planet Jurai two years ago, it is known that she had helped design 
parts of the Xaquaria. Her last confirmed location, three hours ago, was in Valorin colony 
# 9... outside of the Sargasso, but she was not traveling on the Xaquaria. It seemed she got 
herself into a bit of trouble and stole a colony ship. Several others pursued, but it is unknown 
if they caught her. The ship of the officer on patrol in that area malfunctioned, and he had a 
minor collision with an asteroid. As a result, he was unable to follow them." Kalena nodded, 
expecting this. "It figures. Guess that's why I always get assignments like this. I get 
different assignments that go completely different ways." She then tapped a few buttons, and all 
the screens vanished except for two. These showed various images of Rane Geldahal. "Umm-hmm. 
Just as I thought! The pilot of the Xaquaria" Kalena exclaimed, taking another mouth-full from 
the bottle and laughing softly. "Finally found him! Yuvinaja set the ship for auto-cruise to the 
target destination! I'm going to get something to eat, and then I'll be in the Virtual practice 
range working on my aim with the XG's." The machine complied and Kalena waited in her seat until 
the jolt from the sudden start had subsided, then stood and tossed the empty bottle into a trash 
container, leaving the cockpit.

A little over a half-hour after she had been knocked out, the intruder found herself waking up 
to a very painful situation. Vale made no movements at all as she came to, making sure no one 
noticed she was awake now. It was something she'd learned after travelling with the company she 
did, and by using her sense of hearing she could tell someone was close. She could hear them 
breathing. Logically it would have been Ayeka or that lady that came through the wall at her. 
She had planned to stay like this until she could get a chance to make a break for it. "I wonder 
what happened to her?" she heard a young female voice say, and then she felt wetness on her 
forehead and then her face. "I don't know but I think that's the lady that was always around 
Rane back on that Valorin colony." She heard another voice (this one a young boy's) reply. Vale 
realized that these where different people, and one of them was most likely dabbing some wet rag 
on her face, which was pretty tenderized right now. (Damn psycho spikey haired lady!, she 
thought) Vale then heard some kind of soft animal sound she didn't recognize, and quickly 
searched her memory to try to recall it. She heard this same sound several times, like it was 
talking to one of the kids, and she heard the girl say "You're worried too Ryo-ohki?" 
"miya!......my?" "Yeah she looks pretty bad. She's all bruised and swollen." Vale then felt a 
finger jab her in a particularly bad spot where she had received a very hard blow to the gut 
(that almost forced the contents of her stomach out). A massive surge of pain when through her 
whole body, and she jerked into a sitting position and screamed. This sudden movement caused her 
even more pain, so she immediately made her body go limp again, but kept her eyes open. Vale saw 
that the two children where Souja and the second princess Sasami, staring at her wide-eyed. And 
Ayeka was standing behind them. Vale groaned as the pain slowly ebbed away, then slowly 
proceeded to reach into her pocket. "I will let you know now that any weapons you attempt to use 
to attack us will not work." Ayeka stated calmly. Vale smiled a little and replied "I'm just 
getting out a Medical kit. That ....lady.... caught me by surprise and totally beat the crap out 
of me. I don't think you have any doctors around to fix some internal bruising, so this is going 
to be a little....painful... for me that is. Souja, you should probably go talk to Washu." Souja 
nodded and, with Sasami and Ryo-ohki to help find Washu and/or Rane, left. "Thank you!" Vale 
shouted after them, taking a small device out of her pocket and hitting a few buttons with her 
thumb and then putting it back in her pocket. A large suitcase-like metal container labeled 
'Medic' appeared beside her and Ayeka went to the couch and opened it. Much to her surprise it 
had pretty much everything in it: gauze, creams, small tubes of liquids and syringes, a few 
scalpels, various other objects Ayeka didn't know about, and a handheld computer device that 
activated and displayed the words 'Complete Galactic Medical'. Ayeka looked at Vale, who still 
lay there limply. "Excuse me miss, but how did you know what types of injuries you have?" she 
asked curiously, picking out a packet labeled 'Cleaner/Sterilize' and ripping it open. She 
handed the moist rag inside (no its not a moist towelette!) to Vale, who began to clean the 
dried blood off her cuts and bloody nose. "I'm kind of the field doctor of the team, aside from 
being a weapons designer. Now who the heck was that that did this to me?!" Ayeka sighed, looking 
at all the things in the container. "That was Ryoko. She has a bit of a temper towards others 
when it comes to Tenchi. Although I am still wondering why you where in Tenchi's room and how 
you got there without anyone noticing. You wouldn't mind telling me would you?" Vale nodded, 
blowing her nose on the rag to get all the bloody gunk out. "Not at all. I was looking for 
Tenchi's master key." Ayeka gave her an agitated look, but figured that she couldn't do much 
more to her to hurt her anyway. "Before you get the wrong idea about me Princess, I didn't want 
to steal it. And you know that I couldn't if I wanted to, because I don't have your families' 
royal blood. I just wanted to get some of that energy that if gives off when those like me pick 
it up." Vale gave Ayeka a pained smile, knowing she'd have to explain. "I am a weapons designer. 
I created a battery that would store strong energy like that, and it could be used for a few 
weapons I made recently. After I figure out how I could emulate power like that. And don't worry 
because this is one time thing. I'm not gonna be doing THAT again! OW! ....ugh!..." Ayeka 
nodded, handing the woman another rag, and taking one herself to clean some of Vale's wounds. 
"But Jurai doesn't need weapons that are any more powerful. Why would you be going to such 
lengths to make something that's unnecessary?" Before Ayeka could even finish the sentence, she 
remembered how much trouble Tenchi had fighting Kagato (though Yosho fought well), and then 
remembered how Kagato had tried to take the Key out of Funaho. "Oh. I guess you are right about 
that. It does seem to have a greater effect than when used normally. But how did you know about 
that? Looking her directly in the eyes, Vale softly answered "It's not for Jurai at all. As you 
said. Jurai doesn't need such weapons since they already have such powerful ones, but these are 
for the protection of a few." 

Back in Washu's lab, while Washu and Rane where talking, Sasami and Souja came in and where 
looking around for them. Souja grinned at the crab bell that chimed when they entered, then 
looked around at the trees and things that where at the entrance to the lab. "Wow!! This is 
amazing! How in the world can you fit this in your house!!?" he stated in awe. Sasami smiled a 
bit, her eyes turning into those upside-down u's ( author note: I don't know what you call that 
kind of look -shrugs-). "Well...uh... Washu said it's because she connected a different 
dimension to the door, so it comes here instead of the storage room that used to be here." Souja 
looked around some more, then raised his hands up to just below chest level as a large half 
circular console appeared in front of him, and he began to type rapidly on it as three screens 
appeared in the same half-circular formation as the console. Sasami's eyes widened a little. 
"Hey! That looks just like Washu's!" Souja grinned and looked over at Sasami. "It does? Then 
that means that I'm not completely outdated!" Sasami was wondering what that meant, when she 
heard a surprised shout from somewhere nearby. "Huh?" she and Souja said in unison, and they 
both turned to see a very strange scene. An adult Washu was running towards them, and it looked 
and sounded to Sasami like she was bawling, though she had no idea why. Souja turned around 
completely at this, an eyebrow raised, and the console disappeared. "Uh... is that...her?" 
Sasami nodded. "Yeah. That's Washu. I wonder what-?" By this time Washu had reached them, 
(shouting "SOUJA!!") passing Sasami and nearly tackling the boy in a hug. The whole scene 
reminded Sasami of her mother and how she acted when she hadn't seen her or Ayeka for a long 
time. Well...except Souja didn't have to run to greet her halfway. Washu had picked Souja up in 
some kind of tight bearhug or something, and was shouting about how she had missed him. 
"Ugggghh......h-h-heyy! ....what ...is...this!? Lemme go!" Souja shouted, trying to pry himself 
out. After a bit of stuggling, he managed to do so. He jumped back, catching his breath, and 
fixed a part of his hair the had gotten messed up. Rane silently walked up and stood beside 
Sasami, watching. "Souja I missed you! And I'm sooo sorry that I didn't treat you better or pay 
more attention to you!!" Washu exclaimed as she wiped tears from her eyes. "Washu? Uh, you don't 
have to worry about that. You see, I'm the independent type! (Souja puts his fists on his hips) 
Kinda like you I heard." Washu laughed at this and began to look the boy over, poking him in 
different areas, while he stood there with a sweat bead on his face. "Looks like you're in 
exactly the same perfect condition! Though you're a bit older looking and bigger now. " She 
said, then Washu's eyes got starry and she clasped her hands together. "Kids grow up so fast!" 
Souja scoffed at this and shouted "Hey I'm over two thousand years old you know! And another 
thing, you know why I look like this, so don't treat me like I'm a baby!" It was at this time 
that Ryoko appeared on the scene and stood there for a minute while she tried to determine what 
was going on and why Washu was in her adult form. "Oh! Ryoko! You're just in time to meet 
Souja!" Washu exclaimed. "Who?" she retorted, looking down at the boy with green spiky hair. 
"You could say he's your older brother!" Washu answered with a large smile. "WHAT!?!" shouted 
Ryoko, looking back down at the boy with a glare. "Souja here was the first succesful humanoid 
I created! Though I didn't use the mass or technique when I made him, so he was a lot more 
difficult to make than you where Ryoko!" She explained. Souja was standing there with his arms 
crossed over his chest, looking to the side. "Every mother says that!" he spat. "I thought he 
was a lot like you, Washu! He even laughs like you!" Sasami stated, smiling. "Well, I'd say he 
got the looks, but I don't know what Ryoko got yet." Said Ayeka from the doorway, thought nobody 
knew how long she had been there. Sasami and Rane laughed at this, but Ryoko clenched her 
fists. "We don't have time for this Washu! Tenchi is GONE and we have to find him!!" 

TO BE CONTINUED....


Author Note-
Now that I've got this story moving, I want to know what people think about it. As for the 
story, I plan to do a Sub-chapter aside from the next chapter, to give you a better feel for 
the characters I'm bringing in. Other than this, hope you don't despise me yet, I know my 
writing isn't quite that good. Save that for the last chapters. 
 
