Disclaimer: The characters of Tenchi Muyo are the property of
their respective copyright holders.

Tenchi Muyo: The People's Prince

Part 2: Twelve Angry Men

"SHUT UP! SHUT UP! Not a word from any of you!" Sue had had
enough of the staring, pointing, and laughing until a person could no
longer stand it and lost conscious due to the lack of oxygen, on her
way back from the press conference. From servants, to palace
guards, to passers by on the street, to little babies in carriages,
they  all seemed to be laughing at her. It was if,  the whole of Jurai
had  watched the press conference, seen her journalistic  integrity
castrated by the First Queen of Jurai, and were reveling in it.

'Okay, maybe I'm being a little paranoid,' she thought to herself.
Surely the planet wasn't against her. The trees on the other hand,
were another story. Sue swore one snickered at her as she left the
palace grounds. In any case, she was in no mood for it now that
she was back at the office.

"Oh come on, Sue. We think you did great!", said a rather tall man as
he put his arm around her shoulders. She let out her thirty-fifth sigh
of the day, as she was once again reminded of the fact she was the
only female working here. There were five men in her department,
she had never bothered to learn any of their names, since she hadn't
planned on staying this long, instead she called them, 'Jerk off',
'Pig', etc.

"I don't need your sympathy," she said in an exhausted voice. "Or
anything else you claim to have," she added removing the man's
hand from its perch on her rear.

"Awwww! I was just being friendly in your hour of need."

"Yeah, right. What do you know about a woman's needs?"

"Wanna know?"

"Not really, lech."

"Hey, wait a minute, I thought that I was lech," said a man who could
be considered handsome, until you got to know him. He got up from
his desk and wandered over to take a seat on Sue's desk. He gave
her a smile that would make most women fall over with their legs in
the air. Sue, thankfully, had been warned about him before he could
properly use it on her.

"No, no, you're Whore monger,  he's Lech and I'm Butt pirate," said a
third man, who was also quite good looking. He too joined the
inquisition against Sue. "Hey, Sue, maybe you and I could get together
later and discuss your theories on royal reproduction."

"In your dreams."

"Ah! Speaking of dreams," said Whore monger, "You were in rare
form last night, Sue. Roowrrr. I had no idea you did that sorta thing.
Can't wait to see what you have in store for me tonight."

"Hey, I thought you scored with whatshername last night?" Lech
asked.

'What was her name?' Whore monger wondered to himself. "I may
have been with her in body, but I was with Sue in spirit," he said
winking at Sue.

Sue groaned, putting her head into her hands. What had she done
in a previous life to deserve this?

"Sue!! Get that sweet derriere of yours into my office, NOW!"

"The editor bellows, Sue," said Butt pirate.

"Remember Sue, your saving yourself for me!!!"

"What do you mean, 'you'! You got to have the last girl who worked
here. It is my turn now!"

*Sigh number thirty-six*

Slowly, she got up and made her way to the editor's office. She had
been expecting a chewing out. No respectable editor would let a
reporter drag their paper's name through the mud like she had. Now,
she was going to be forced to prostrate herself before him in order to
keep her job. No one would hire her after what she had done. Her
head was cast down as she entered the editor's office.

"Sorry, Chief, I didn't mean to..."

"Shut your trap and sit down."

'Oh boy, here we go,' Sue sighed again, losing count to what number
sigh she was on. She sat down on the rather large couch the Chief
had pointed to when he spoke. He had removed the chairs in his
office soon after she started working there. Why? She had no idea.
She nervously watched the rather muscular man before her pace
back and forth.

'What's he thinking? I'm afraid to find out,' she thought, a small
pout coming to her face. Actually, she REALLY didn't want to know.

"Sue!" he said turning abruptly to face her. "You were marvelous!
Just marvelous!" He went to down on both knees in front of her and
took both of her hands in his. Sue was too shocked by what he had
said to notice.

"Eh?"

"The Jurian Enquirer is on the lips of every schmoe on the street!
Evening sales have gone through the roof! They all want to know what
you'll come up with next. You're a sensation! All the empire was
watching you and the First Queen."

At hearing that, Sue recovered from her shock and yanked her hands
from the Chief's. Her voice was indignant, "Hmph, they won't be
laughing long. I've got the report and it proves I'm right! You'll see
Chief! The Queen never did answer my question! Her laughing like
that was just a ploy!"

The Chief let out a chuckle, unfazed by Sue ripping her hands from
him. "Suzzie, Suzzie, Suzzie," he said smiling, his teeth glistening.

Sue began to pout again, he called her 'Suzzie'. Her mother had called
her Suzzie.  She shook herself of the thought. 'Why doesn't anyone take me
seriously?'

"Right... Wrong.... Who cares??!! As long as you sell!" He said
getting up from kneeling on the floor. "Speaking of selling," he added
sitting down next to her on the couch and putting his hand on her
thigh.

Practically screaming, Sue stood up and stormed out of the office.
She had been prepared to prostrate herself, not prostitute. She
fairly threw the man, who was still sitting on her desk and rather
enjoyed the rough contact, out of her way, and made a quick call
for her friend to meet her at the usual place. Before exiting though,
Sue spun on her "colleagues"  with a final proclamation.

"With this," she said repeatedly patting her chest, "I'll make
everyone take me seriously. No one will laugh when they see what
I've got! YOU'LL SEE!" and then left the building, more irate and
even more determined then when she came in.

The men weren't laughing. They took what she said VERY seriously.
THEY WANTED TO SEE HER CHEST!!

"Later then?" the editor and chief called from his office, still
smiling. It was fun having female employees. He wondered why they
never stayed very long.

*******************

Washu tried desperately to catch her breath, in all her years (those
she could remember anyway), she had never been caught this off
guard. Okay, maybe once, but Kagato's dead. She put a hand over
her racing heart as if that action would slow its mad pace.

"Breath in."
"Breath out."
"Breath in," she repeated the mantra over and over. "I don't know
what was funnier, the idea of Ryoko being Tenchi's mother or the
sight of Funaho nearly laughing to death," she said before erupting
into yet another fit. It was starting to become painful.

Then she stopped laughing, as if slapped, HARD. She cursed under
her breath; she should be used to this sight by now.

"Hey, little Washu, what's so funny? I could use a good laugh," said
Tenchi recalling his thoughts of this morning as he descended the
stairs.

She closed her eyes. It was a scene she had witnessed repeatedly,
time and time again. It was an everyday occurrence. Totally expected
and perfectly natural behavior. You could see it anywhere. Nothing
to get excited over. Merely a father, feeding his infant daughter,
while descending some stairs. Or, so she told herself. She opened
her eyes. Unfortunately, her heart hadn't listened to her mind's
reasoning. It was not Tenchi holding Mayuka, that she saw. It was her
husband, gone these twenty-thousand years, holding their infant son,
that filled her vision. It wasn't logical. It had no basis in science,
yet if asked, that is what she would have sworn to have seen. A
smack to her face broke the spell.

Tenchi had watched Washu enter a sort of catatonic state, and had
become concerned. He quickly descended down the stairs and
walked over to where Washu was sitting on the couch. He stopped
in front of her and placed a hand on her shoulder, shaking her
gently. He failed to notice the newscaster on the television picking
himself off the floor with tears in his eyes.

"Then... then... she said... she said that this Tenchi guy was.... was
I can't say it again. HAHAHAAHHAHA."

"Washu? Washu?"

The twenty-six month old Mayuka looked at her father as he tried to
wake Washu from her stupor, and then at Washu. She decided to
help out.

*SMACK*

"Wha... Where.... Oh, Tenchi," Washu said coming around.

"Uh... sorry about that," Tenchi apologized sitting down on the couch
next to Washu.

'It worked didn't it!' Mayuka pouted. It was tough having the mind of
a 14 year old in a two year old body.

"You looked a little out of it for a minute, Washu." He said,
adjusting  Mayuka in his arms, turning to face Washu, and looking her
in the eyes.

The blush didn't creep to her face, it crash landed there. The hue to
her face quickly matched the color of her hair. Twenty-thousand years
are a long time.

Tenchi scooted a little closer to Washu,  so he could  place a hand on
her forehead. She had gone from maniacal laughter (for her normal),
to sitting stock still in silence.

"Washu, are you sick, your face is a bit flushed."

Nothing.

"Washu, are you okay? Washu."

Mayuka cocked her hand back


"Umm, Yes. Yes, I'm fine thanks for asking," Washu said recovering
somewhat. 'This is not how a woman your age behaves,' she chided
herself. She removed Tenchi's hand from her head and then reached
for Mayuka, her eyes asking Tenchi for permission. He leaned toward
her slightly, allowing Washu to take hold of Mayuka. Washu took her
and held her in the air in front of her.

Tenchi was watching Washu play with Mayuka, when something out
of  the corner of his eye caught his attention.

"Dad"

Noboyuki gave his son a thumbs up, while he continued to record the
three from the archway of the kitchen.

"WASHU!!!"

All eyes turned to Ryoko, who just appeared at the bottom of the
stairway. She looked none to pleased.

"WHAT do you think you're doing, Washu?"

Ever since the infant Mayuka joined the Masaki family, Washu had
been spending less and less time in her lab, and more and more
time fussing over Mayuka. Of course, Mayuka was rarely out
Tenchi's company, soooo...


"NOT in front Mayuka, Ryoko. Washu could you watch Mayuka for
a second? I want to talk to Dad," Tenchi asked standing up from
the couch.

"Sure thing, Tenchi!"

Tenchi walked over to where his father was standing, while Ryoko
 took his place on the couch next to Washu. When she believed
Tenchi out of earshot, she began a heated conversation with her
 "mother".

"Washu!"

Washu ignored her, continuing to play with Mayuka. Mayuka for
her part was wondering where her father was going, and why he
hadn't taken her with him.

"Washu! How dare you flirt with Tenchi like that!" She quickly
looked in Tenchi's direction, to see if he had heard her outburst,
then turned back to Washu.

Nothing.

"MOTHER!" she hissed through clenched teeth.

"Oh, when did you get here my little Ryoko?"

"Just what were you doing with Tenchi just now??"

A grin began to form on Washu's face as she recalled what she
had just seen on television. Ryoko didn't like the look one bit,
and  prepared for the worst. Her preparations came up far short.

"Ohhh! I see. You're worried about your son getting burnt by and older
woman. I never realized you were such an attentive mother! I admit,
that I AM a FEW years older than your son, and that I HAVE been
married before, but our love transcends these minor obstacles."

Ryoko's mask of anger was replaced by one of puzzlement .

"Huh???"

Washu placed Mayuka down on one of the couch cushions, and
stood to face Ryoko, who was  still sitting on the couch. She looked
Ryoko straight in the eyes. Ryoko, never having seen Washu look
so serious, adopted a similar expression. Washu then dropped to
her knees, and placed both hands flat on the floor in front of her.

'Well, its about time you apologized for all the things you've done
to me,' Ryoko thought pleased. Next Washu bowed placing her
forehead on the back's of her hands.

"Ryoko-san," Washu said solemnly.

Ryoko nodded for her to continue, adopting an expression she had
seen Yosho use, eyes closed and a slight smile on her face. Oh,
how she would savor this moment.

"Ryoko-san, please, I wish to start a family with Tenchi. I ask your
permission to court your son," Washu finished.

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT???????" Ryoko
screamed bolting up right.

No longer able to contain her mirth, Washu began rolling on the
floor, laughing.

Staring at Washu, Ryoko figured she had sniffed one chemical
too many.

Recovering somewhat, Washu retrieved Mayuka from off the couch
and headed towards her lab.

"Ryoko dear, come into my lab, there's something you should see."

Ryoko, hopelessly confused, followed her mother. Before entering
the lab, Ryoko gave one last look in Tenchi's direction and was
greeted with the sight of Noboyuki  grasping Tenchi up in a bear
hug, nodding his head rapidly. She paused to hear what he was
saying.

"Of course son, you take all the time you need. I'll run cover for
you!"

Entering the lab, Ryoko filed away what she had just heard for later
analysis. Right now, she had  to figure out whether or not it was time
for a retirement home for her mother.

<><><><><><><>><><><><><><><><><><>

Funaho put two fingers to the left side of her temple, trying to will
the idiocy away as she stood, (she thinks better standing up)
listening to one of the regional governors  ramble. Soon after the
press conference, an emergency meeting of the Jurai Royal Council
was called for. The Jurai Royal Council consisted of the ten regional
governors of the empire, the two Queens, and the Emperor. Also
on the council are the High Priest of the Sect of Jurai, and its only
elected member (elected, in that the post was filled by selection of
the Science Academy's Board of Trustees with the Emperor's
approval), the Head of the Royal Science Academy. The Head of
the Academy also held the distinction of being the only member not
related to the Royal family by blood in some way. In Funaho's view the
meeting  was a stupid idea. Though in no way had she planned it,
an overwhelming majority of the populace now thought Tenchi
Masaki, a fabrication of a delusional reporter. This was both,
good and bad. Bad, in the fact that Tenchi Masaki truly existed, and
that Funaho had every intention of bringing him to Jurai as a prince,
for both his benefit, and that of Jurai. Now, with the people
distracted, which had been the whole intent of the press
conference in the first place, she had time to coordinate a proper
stratagem to achieve her ends. This was good. The prudent move
now, would be to continue as if all were normal, as not to attract
suspicion, but no, someone had to push the panic button.

The only reason she hadn't tried more fervently to have the meeting
postponed, was that something had been brought to light in the
press conference which disturbed her greatly and demanded
immediate attention. Despite her misstep concerning Tenchi's
lineage, that Mrs. Graham was far too accurate in her information.
This led to several questions. How did she find out about Tenchi and
the others? At first, Funaho surmised that Mrs. Graham had somehow
come to possess a copy of the Mihoshi Report, as most of her
questions had centered around the Kagato incident. If that were true
however, she should not have bought into the widely held misconception
that Washu was a student at the Academy, when in fact she was a
professor. It is clearly stated in the Mihoshi Report, that Washu was
a professor, not to mention her other... accomplishments. Of course,
Mrs. Graham may have asked her a question, she well knew the answer
to, a test of whether or not the Queen would answer truthfully. Was
that whole love child thing a ploy as well? This leads to an even more
important question, what exactly does Mrs. Sue Graham know?  Either
she has a source on Earth (unlikely), or somewhere there is a leak,
and a leak was something the Chief Minister of Information was not going
to tolerate.

As the normal factions began to form, Funaho studied the faces seated
around the large wooden table. The name Tenchi Masaki and the
happenings on Earth made a lot of people nervous for a lot of various
reasons, all of which were now on display. If nothing else, the
meeting was providing her with a great deal of insight into the
anxieties of certain members of the council. Weapons for later use.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>



Damien
damien_searight@msn.com
ICQ: 24113246





 