Tenchi Muyo:
The People's Prince V

Disclaimer: The characters of Tenchi Muyo belong to AIC and Pioneer LDC.
They are used without permission.

This story in no way advocates the abuse of alcohol. =)
This story also contains some sexual innuendo and a five letter word or
two.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Magic in a bottle

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

"Captain!"

No answer.

"CAPTAIN!"

A groan replied.

"Captain, you are needed on the bridge!"

Two groans were heard.

"CAPTAIN... Computer- Lights..."

"Belay THAT!" a voice shouted from the darkness.

Sana, First mate on the pirate vessel, Jebel Katul, waited patiently in
the entry way of the darkened captain's quarters, ignoring the occasional
slurred curse or feminine groan that emanated from the room.

"This bes' be good, ga'l. I was right in the middle of somethin'," Captain
Aden's gruff voice called out.

"If you can manage to make it to the bridge without falling over, you'll
be able to judge for yourself," Sana replied annoyed.

"Bitch, I don' know whatever possessed me to make an anal ga'l like you,
first mate. I was probably drunk," Aden said putting on his pants.

"You were. Plus, you were thinking with the wrong head at the time.
Luckily for you, I happen to be the most competent person aboard this
ship."

"What is it, Captain?"
"Are we done already, Addy?"

Sana recognized the two voices and prevented herself from gagging only
through a great deal of effort. "I see now what or rather who you were in
the middle of Captain and I offer my heart felt apology for interrupting
you with something as petty as ship's business," she said as she made a
show of bowing.

"You jes' jealous ga'l," Captain Aden said appearing in the doorway. Sana
gave him a wide berth. "But don' worry, I'll have you yet, Sana dear," he
predicted, making his way to the bridge in a drunken waddle.

The first mate remained in at the entrance to the captain's quarters, but
called out to Aden, "Sorry to disappoint, Captain, but I'm in the market
for a man, not a boy."

"Seventy ga'ls can't be wrong, Sana love," his voice answered back.

Sana would have replied, but figured it wasn't worth the effort. Instead
she turned her attention to the two remaining occupants in the room. "It
might just be me, but I think I hear the navigator's chair calling out for
its occupant. It would be rather nice if the weapon's officer was also at
her station. LIKE NOW!"

"Yes, Sana!"
"Yes, Sana!"

When she finally rounded up the people who were supposed to be on
duty-watch, First mate Sana returned to the bridge. After making sure that
everyone was at least semi-conscious at his or her station, she took her
place at the tactical chair to the left and rear of the captain's chair.

Captain Aden's slumped form leaned forward in the command chair as his
blood-shot eyes strained to make out what was on the ship's view screen.

"Sana, all I see is blank space! Is this the reason you interrupted our
little command conference?" Aden asked annoyed.

Sana placed her head in her hands, "Computer- On screen."

"Oh," the captain said quietly as the ship's monitors activated. An
apparently lifeless vessel appeared on the screen. "Energy levels?" Aden
asked, gaining some semblance to a ship's captain.

"Energy levels read zero. The ship also appears to be adrift,' Sana
replied looking at the displays. "Life signs read zero also."

"A derelict then? C'mon ga'l, you know ship procedures concernin'
discovery of derelicts. After all, you wrote 'im. Board the ship and look
for salvage, 'n..."

"Take a closer look at that ship, Captain," suggested Sana.

"It's beautiful. It's the most beautiful ship I have ever seen!" the
weapons officer said with awe.

"It even looks as if it has wings," the navigator agreed.

"Sorta looks Juraian, right outta dock..." the captain mused.

"Yes, the design is similar to that of a Juraian tree-ship. Never seen one
with a design so intricate before though. More importantly, look at the
material," Sana instructed.

"Ne'er seen a Juraian ship that color before," Aden added.

"...As I was saying, the outer material of this ship appears to be some
kind of composite crystalline structure, while average Juraian ships are
formed of a wood like construct." Sana stood and walked toward the ship's
monitors as she spoke.

"Hey, we haven't heard anything new from our Juraian 'friend' have we?"
Captain Aden asked.

Sana continued to stare at the screen while she answered. "No, we are
still to rendezvous with the Jebel-Hafit, the Jebel-Hadada and the
Jebel-Rudwa then await further instructions."

"Hmm... Sana, take the usual compliment and go see if she is capable of
movin' under 'er own power. A ship that pretty would fetch quite the
price! 'Ell, if she fights as good as she looks, I may keep her myself,"
Aden ordered.

Sana just continued to stare at the sculptured ship.

"Sana!"

"Y... yes Captain, take a boarding party over and scout the ship for
salvage. Right away, Captain," Sana repeated the orders given to her,
forcing herself to look away from the derelict yet pristine ship.

Shakily, Sana returned to her station and prepared to carry out the
captain's command. Finishing, she started to leave the bridge to prep the
shuttle that would transport her and her team over to the abandoned ship.
The entire bridge crew watched her with varying degrees of concern.

"You alright ga'l? You look a bit nervous," Aden asked rising from his
captain's chair. "If you had participated in my little 'conference' this
mornin', you wouldn't be havin' this problem now," he said walking towards
her as she looked at him with evident disgust. "You let too much tension
build up and now a little mission like this, sets you on edge." He placed
both hands on her shoulders and stared deeply into her eyes. "C'mon ga'l,
let Addy relax you real quick," he said placing an arm around her and
turning towards his 'office', which was next to the bridge.

She removed his arm from around her shoulders as if they were contaminated
or carrying some disease. "That's quite all right, Captain. I have no need
of your services. I'll go conduct that survey of the alien vessel now,"
she replied and left the bridge. While walking down to the shuttle bay,
Sana couldn't help but think that some backwater planet that no women knew
about was hoarding all the decent men in the universe. At the very least,
the Captain's remarks had taken her mind off that ghost-ship out there.
She didn't know why, but she felt a terrible sense of foreboding about it.

Back on the bridge, Captain Aden returned to his command chair after
receiving his first mate's latest rebuff. His face showed a rare level of
concern. In most situations, Sana had always been a rock, the glue that
held the bridge crew together, but something had rattled her. Deep in
thought, he rested his chin in the palm of his right hand.

"Computer- Increase magnification"

The listing ship's huge black gray and blue form filled the entire screen.

'Could it have something to do with that ship?' Aden asked himself,
staring at the Juraian-like vessel.

"Sana reports that the shuttle is ready to leave the docking bay," the
comms officer relayed.

"Good, tell 'er to depart," answered Aden.

"Ya know," the navigator said leaning to whisper to the weapon's officer.
"Sana told me once that she was psychotic. Maybe she had some kind of
vision or something."

"You are sooo stupid. It's psychic, not psychotic and you're still wrong.
She told me the same time she told you and she said that she was
empathic."

"Shuttle leaving the dock and setting course for the alien ship, Captain,"
the com officer called out.

 "What was that?" Aden asked.

"I said that the shuttle..."

"No not that! What did you guys say about Sana?"

"Oh, that she was empathic. She can feel the emotions of those around her
and guess their state of mind."

"Really! Maybe that's why I'm strikin' out," Aden mused.

"CAPTAIN! Something is accessing the ship's computer!"

"What?"

"Captain, someone just downloaded the entire contents of the ship's data
bank!"

"Sir, look at the monitor!"

Aden turned his attention to the ship's monitor. It looked like that
Juraian ship wasn't so abandoned after all.

Slowly sections of the alien ship came to life as it turned to face the
Jebel-Katul, bow to bow.

"Where is the shuttle?" Aden asked, bringing up Sana's tactical displays
up on his monitor.

"Currently the shuttle is approximately half the distance to the alien
vessel. It has begun to turn and make its way back to the Jebel-Katul."

"Good! What is the status of the alien ship? Can you determine energy
levels or armaments?" Aden asked coming fully out of his morning stupor.

"Power levels *still* read zero! It must have a dampening field of some
kind. Unable to get a status on ship's weapons."

Now Aden was beginning to get a bad feeling himself. He knew of relatively
few ships that could mask their energy levels this well. Actually, he
didn't know of any.

"Try and open a channel to the alien vessel. Use the protocols given to us
by our 'Juraian Friend'. As soon as the shuttle is on board, tell Sana to
get her ass on up here," Aden ordered.

"Yes sir!"

His crew snapped to attention and carried out their commander's orders.
They also took the initiative of prepping the Katul for a fight.

"What other 'Mountains' are in this sector?" Aden called out.

"The Jebel-Hafit, the Jebel-Hadada and the Jebel-Rudwa are all holding
position at the rendezvous point waiting our arrival. The Jebel-Unayzah is
also in the sector conducting raids."

"Open a channel to them as well."

Aden eyed the large Juraian-like vessel warily, while he waited for a
response. He could probably take on a 3rd generation warship one on one,
but they never traveled in a group of less than four.

"Any other contacts in the area besides the 'Mountains'?"

"No sir, scanners are clear."

Aden returned to his study of his opponent. Moreover, it looked a little
large and elaborate to be anything less than a 1st generation ship, but
that was impossible. 'Well,' he thought morbidly, 'worse comes to worse,
we should be able to hold off a second-generation ship long enough for the
other 'Mountains' to arrive. But DAMN IT, the clans had a deal!'

"The 'Mountains' are listening, Captain. Comms established with the alien
vessel as well," the communications officer reported happily.

Aden let out an audible sigh of relief. If the ship had answered to the
special protocols, then it was probably part of the upcoming coup.

'Maybe this is one of our "friend's" secret weapons or something,' Aden
thought to himself. 'Or maybe the ship we are to meet at the rendezvous
point.'

"So, who is our friend out there?" Aden turned to the Comms officer.

The pirate ship's forward screen switched from the external view of the
large alien ship and the returning shuttle, to a static filled picture
that showed the vague outline of a woman.

Aden stood and straightened his clothes. "Can't you fix the picture any,"
he whispered.

"No sir, the problem is on their end. They still have that dampening field
up."

Aden shrugged. "This Aden Dea, Captain of the pirate vessel Katul of the
clan Jebel, with whom do I have the pleasure of speaking?" He asked with
an elegant bow.

"The Megami," a woman's voice answered.

"A beautiful and appropriate name for such a lovely vessel."

"THANKYOU!" she beamed.

"And may I ask your name?" Aden continued, straightening and smiling.

"Megami"

'Megami of the Megami?' Aden wondered puzzled. "Captain Megami, I must
admit, you had us concerned for a while there. We had some trouble id'ing
you at first, we thought you were a derelict since we couldn't get any
readings on power or life support.  I take it you're part of the 'plan'?"

"A plan... I guess you could say that."

"Ah, I'm glad to hear we have the same friends. Perhaps I could join you
on your fine vessel so we could have a strategy session..."

Megami smiled at the compliment.

"... I have never seen a Juraian ship as elegant as yours. I'm sure it is
second only to the fabled Tsunami in beauty."

Megami frowned.

"CAPTAIN!" The navigator screamed in terror.

The pirate vessel Jebel-Katul burst into a huge fireball, hurling the
nearby shuttle into an uncontrollable spin.

"Juraian ship? How revolting! 'I'm sure it is second only to the fabled
Tsunami in beauty'," Megami said imitating the deceased captain's voice
mockingly. "That piece of driftwood!"

The Megami turned in the direction of the tumbling shuttle. The mysterious
ship's image shimmered for a moment and then vanished all together.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>


Lord Leeber sat in his office brooding over two equally unpleasant
choices. Choice number one was to do nothing and let Azusa run the noble
Juraian Empire into the ground with his insistence of having his
half-breed son assume the throne. As if that peasant First Queen, Funaho,
hadn't sullied the crown enough. His second choice was to swallow some of
his pride and accept the fact that there was no way for his house to
assume control of the throne. Although he had several children, none of
them were strong enough in power to challenge for the throne save only
one, Mariko, who had been honored with a second-generation tree, the
Chuukou. That one was a hopeless cause. He was forced to throw his support
behind someone else if he wished to avoid Yosho assuming the throne. The
idea of the boy, Tenchi, taking the throne was too horrendous an idea for
him even to contemplate. He would see Jurai burn before allowing that to
happen.

The Emperor's display in the throne room of his new weapon, Minagi,
troubled him greatly. He was no doubt planning to mass-produce and place
them aboard the Jurai fleet. An army of Ryoko's loyal only to the House of
Masaki. If that wasn't enough to keep him awake at night, the news of a
second announcement, to be made within the coming days, was more than
sufficient. He had to move quickly if he were to save Jurai.

Walking over to a small cabinet in the corner of his office, he took out a
small flask of ale to strengthen his resolve for what he was about to do.
Returning to his favorite chair, he took a long sip from the flask.

'Best to get it over with,' he thought dryly.

<><><><><><><><><><><><>

"Now I want you to be completely and totally honest with me."

"Of course, milord."

"Be brutal. All of Jurai will be effected by my decision."

"I will speak from the heart, sir. I would not want for Jurai to look
anything but its best."

"Very well then, your opinion, Chanel. Does my hair look better up or
down?" asked Seiryo, eldest son and heir to the House of Bushi, as he
stood in front of a mirror the length and width of an entire wall. "Answer
carefully now," Seiryo warned, offering his attendant a profile view.
"Up?" He raised his lustrous pink locks above his head in the form of a
ponytail. "Or down?" He let his hair fall about his shoulders and down to
the middle of his back.

"With your hair raised, your noble character is brought forth for all to
see and admire. You are the picture of royalty and one can not help but
think that they are in the presence of greatness. And as everyone knows
milord *is* Jurai."

Seiryo raised his hair again and appraised his image in the mirror. He
turned from side to side and smiled at what passed for perfection in his
mind. "My superiority is quite obvious isn't it, Chanel?"

"You would have to be a barbarian not to see it, milord," the servant
bowed.

"Quite," Seiryo agreed. "What about down?"

"One word, sir, Yosho."

"Yosho?"

"Yosho."

"Yosho," Seiryo repeated again and regarded himself in the mirror. It
wasn't that Seiryo in any way, shape, or form envied Yosho. Seiryo was far
more sexy, handsome, charming, sexy, debonair, intriguing, and proficient
with the sword to be jealous of someone of Yosho's pedigree, and not to
mention sexier. However, Yosho did seem to have one thing going for him in
Seiryo's humble opinion... the Princess Aeka. Few people outside his House
knew, but Seiryo had been an admirer of the Princess Aeka for sometime.
Though he himself would deny it, his want of their marriage was not solely
political.

It was twenty minutes later, still standing in front of the mirror that
another of his servants found him.

"Milord, you have a holographic transmission from Lord Leeber."

"Very well, have the call transferred to my study. I will receive it
there," Seiryo replied running a hand through his hair. "Well, what do you
think of it?" He placed a hand on his hip and with the other pointed to
his hair, which he had styled exactly like Yosho's save for the color.

"I am awe struck, sire."

"I do strike an imposing figure," Seiryo agreed. "What of the color? Black
or should I leave it as is?"

"I would leave it, sire. It is much more manly the way it is now."

"For Jurai's sake I would not wish to be thought of as unmanly," Seiryo
said taking out a small hand mirror. He noted something amiss and plucked
a stray eyebrow hair.

"I am a god. There really is no other way to describe me. As such, I
deserve... no demand someone who at the very least approaches my level of
beauty. Do you not agree?"

"I would be a fool and remiss in my duties as a Juraian, no... as a man,
not to agree, milord. I can think of only one woman who meets my lord's
requirements."

Seiryo's eyes unfocused for a moment and his voice was melancholic when he
spoke. "Yes, there is but one who is beauteous enough to stand beside me,
my amethyst jewel," Seiryo mused, lapsing into a fantasy of his queen,
their wedding night, and a bucket of syrup.

The servant knew better than interrupt. This was nearly an everyday
occurrence since Seiryo had met Aeka on Earth. He waited the normal minute
and half plus prerequisite shudder.

Seiryo's eyes came back into focus and a shiver ran through him. "Ohhh,
em... yes." He turned toward the hallway to make his way to his study.
"Has my sister returned from her travels?'' Seiryo asked just opening the
door to the study.

"Not as of yet, My lord."

"Where did she run off to anyway? That child really best learn to heed me,
as I am the next Emperor of Jurai."

He entered the study.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

A sober Tenchi probably would have crumbled under the pressure, but the
alcoholically improved Tenchi was nonchalant as he attempted one of the
more difficult and embarrassment inducing social maneuvers: checking your
nose without looking like you're checking your nose. A task that was made
infinitely more difficult by the fact that Sakuya kept staring at him as
if mesmerized. Casually, Tenchi sniffed and brushed a finger across his
nose, hoping to dislodge whatever it was that had focused Sakuya's
attention. He must have failed, because she continued to stare at his
nose.

Actually, she was looking at his forehead, and Sakuya just couldn't help
it. She had never seen anything like it. Even when Tenchi turned away from
her and leaned over in an attempt for some privacy, she hypnotically
walked around him and leaned over also.  It was like discovering that all
the Startika fairytales were true.  Of course there were plenty among the
noble class who would paint emblems of power on their foreheads as symbols
of their status. The custom had even come into practice of differentiating
the First and Second Queens in such a manner, but this was the real thing.
There were also those rumors about Sasami...

But what it really boiled down to was that she really never believed that
she was looking at the man who had cleaved the Souja in half until now.

Tenchi had just about given up hope. Whatever it was that Sakuya was
staring at (and Tenchi could only think of one thing) was still there
despite his innocuous attempts at removal. Rather than continue to
humiliate himself, Tenchi opted for a quick death. Mihoshi saved him
before his index finger could be put into play.

 Tenchi was no more than twenty feet in front of her with no Ryoko or Aeka
anywhere insight. Now she could ask Tenchi if he would accompany her to
the GP Ball. She wasn't likely to have another opportunity such as this.
She just had to get him alone. Mihoshi rushed forward.

In her haste to speak to Tenchi, Mihoshi failed to notice Amagasaki, who
had followed her from the stage. Finally coming up just behind where
Tenchi and Sakuya stood, she paused. She turned so that her back was
facing the pair and began nibbling on her thumbnail, deep in thought.
Amagasaki paused also.

'Now, how should I ask him to the ball?' Mihoshi thought to herself.
'Maybe something like umm....'

"Tenchi, I would really appreciate it if you would do me the honor of
being my escort to the Galaxy Police Benevolence Ball," she asked aloud,
but not enough for Tenchi to hear.

"Excuse me again..." a voice asked.

She violently shook her head, 'No... no to Aeka-ish.'

Amagasaki was taken aback. What did she mean by shaking her head like
that... and so emphatically?

"Hey Tenchi, you wanna grind with me at the upcoming pig show?"

"Umm, Miss?"

'No, that's not right either,' she thought with forlorn.

Sakuya was still too lost in wonderment to hear Mihoshi's brainstorming.
Tenchi, who was trying to remedy a situation that didn't exist, was just
now cresting the summit of his alcohol induced high and was beginning a
rapid descent.

"Hey Tenchi, have you ever been in a Turkish prison?" Mihoshi slapped her
forehead. 'Where did that one come from?' She sighed. She was just too
nervous to ask. What if he said no?

She felt someone tap her on the shoulder. It was the young man who had
approached her on the stage.

"Yes?" She asked blinking at him in rapid succession.

Amagasaki wrung his hands and tried to talk to the mysterious blonde one
last time. "You ran off so quickly, I didn't get a chance to introduce
myself. My name is Amagasaki." He extended a hand.

Mihoshi looked at the outstretched hand for a moment then shook it
vigorously with her own. "Hi! My name's Mihoshi." She looked over her
shoulder at Tenchi with a speculative glance and then faced Amagasaki
again. "Can I ask you something?"

Amagasaki nodded.

"Okay, the thing is... there is this guy, right, and I think I sort of
have feelings for him, because, well... just because, but I don't know how
he feels about me, plus there at least two other women who kind of like
him too, but he hasn't said anything to them either, so maybe I still
might have a chance, but I really don't know if that's a good idea, since
I don't know what he's thinking. I mean, what if I ask him and he says,
no. I would have to go to the ball by myself. That would be so
embarrassing," she said raising her hands in exasperation. "So, basically,
what I was wondering was, what kind of girl would he like? You know,
because our cultures are very different. I'm not a princess or a space
pirate. I'm just a working girl.  But maybe you could tell me what kind of
girl a guy like him would be interested in since you are a guy like him.
Anyway, what I want to know is, are guys like you interested in girls like
me? In other words, if I asked you out would you say, yes?"

"Huh?" She had lost Amagasaki somewhere around the tenth run together
word. He was left wondering how long she could talk without breathing.

Mihoshi took a step closer to Amagasaki, looked him square in the eye, and
said in the cutest most beautiful voice Amagasaki had ever heard, "Would
you take me to the G.P. Ball?"

A lone tear ran down Amagasaki's left cheek.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

"...You're really little Sasami?" Noboyuki asked disbelieving.

"I am a representation of Sasami in the future."

"A representation? So... you're not real?"

"As real as you."

Why couldn't he be drunk? "So upstairs is..."

"...Sasami as she is now," Tsunami finished for him.

"And you are..."

"How she will be in the future."

He was sure this would be easier to understand if he were drunk. Noboyuki
nodded, not that he understood but he couldn't think of anything else to
do. He had already listened to the entire assimilation story twice
already.

"It's hard to believe that you are Sasami and that Sasami is you."

Tsunami turned to face Noboyuki. "Oh no, you misunderstand. While I am
Sasami and you may refer to me as such if you wish, the child sleeping
upstairs is not I and you must never call her Tsunami. It would upset her.
She doesn't fully comprehend what has happened to her, she is young yet."

'Well... she isn't the only one,' Noboyuki thought derisively. The whole
tree-goddess-child concept was alluding him completely. This was a lot
harder than the conceptual architecture classes he took in college. Too
many cooks spoil the broth and too many brain cells hinder comprehension.
"Excuse me for a moment, ladies," Noboyuki said rising from his seat. It
was time for some blood thinner.

Both women watched Noboyuki disappear into the darkness as he left for the
kitchen and a bottle of warm sake. Washu then turned her attention to the
apparition turned flesh in front of her. Tsunami greeted her with a simple
nod, before moving a chair next to the window facing the walk.

"So, Tsunami, what brings you down to our neck of the woods?"

Tsunami smiled, directing her gaze outside and the path leading to the
Masaki home. "I like to stretch my legs now and again. Now that I have
them to stretch." She looked at Washu sidelong. "I see I'm not the only
one stretching her legs."

Washu likewise smiled feeling nostalgic, but unsure of the reason why.

"Actually," Tsunami began. "There is something I wish Tenchi to do for
me."

"Oh," Washu said raising an eyebrow. "And what can a young man such as
Tenchi do that a goddess couldn't do for herself?"

Tsunami seemed to reflect on the question before turning to face Washu. "I
suppose I could try doing it myself... but it wouldn't be nearly as
interesting." The blue-haired goddess offered an enigmatic smile.

Washu just stared at her, not sure what to make of that statement. Tsunami
continued to smile and turned again to watch the walk.

"By the way, Washu. I wanted to thank you for helping Ryu-Oh. She tells me
that it will be any day now that she will be able to join her brothers and
sisters in space."

"It... she... Ryu-Oh told you that?"

"Yes, she was wondering whether or not to inform Princess Aeka or if you
wished to surprise her."

"Well, I was going to surprise her with the news tomorrow or today," Washu
corrected noticing the time.

Tsunami let out a sigh of relief. "That's perfect. That should give us
more than enough time to prepare."

"Us? What 'us' are we talking about? Is there something going on that we
should know about Tsunami?"

Tsunami stood. "It looks like Tenchi will not be home for a while yet and
Sasami is becoming restless. I think I shall return Mayuka to her and
retire. I will take Aeka to bed as well if you wish."

Washu nodded.

"Goodnight," Tsunami said lifting Aeka off the couch with a wave of her
hand. The sleeping princess gently floated in the air next to her. She
then made her way towards the stairs.

"Tsunami..."

The goddess paused. "Yes?"

"Is there something going on? Are we in any danger?" Washu rose from the
couch cradling her daughter.

"Mmmm, Tenchi..." Ryoko murmured.

"Shush, now little Ryoko. Mommy's talking with the nice tree now."

"Danger? I suppose there are some risks, but they are minimal. I care for
everyone here, and would not endanger them needlessly."

"One more question?"

"Yes?"

"What interest did you have in Tenchi?"

Tsunami hesitated at the foot of the stairway. "I could ask you the same."

"..."

"Don't worry. My interest in Tenchi is of a political nature." That said,
she ascended the stairs. After a moment, Washu followed, carrying Ryoko to
her room.

The room took on an air of silence, until the sound of footsteps came from
the direction of the kitchen.

"Okay, could you explain it to me one more time. You were a tree..."
Noboyuki stopped looking around the now empty family room. He shrugged and
took a seat on the couch. Pouring himself a cup of warm sake, he chalked
his earlier experience up to a long day.

<><><><><><><><><><><><>

"And for what do you owe me the honor of my presence, Lord Leeber," Seiryo
pronounced with his hands on his hips. "I was in the middle of an
important strategy session which you have interrupted." He turned his head
imperiously away from the screen allowing his audience a glorious profile.

"There is something we need to discuss," Leeber replied before taking
another belt from his flask. This was going to be harder than he first
thought. Luckily, the third member of the group image appeared. Hopefully,
the meeting could be conducted quickly.

"Ah, Lord Leeber! You haven't succumbed to old age yet? I would have
thought the council meeting too much for you."

"Can you not be such an ill mannered adolescent for once, Lord Nephrus? We
have the fate of an empire to discuss and little time for you to mature."

Lord Nephrus stiffened, coming to rigid attention on the bridge of his
tree-ship Susano-oh. He ran a hand across his face, easing his youthful
smile with and replacing it with an extremely serious stoic expression.

No, this wasn't going to be easy at all. He held his flask above his head,
sucking down the last few drops of fortification. He threw the empty
bottle into a corner and placed both of his hands flat on the desk with a
thud. Giving hard looks to both Seiryo and Nephrus in turn, he began the
meeting.

"All of us here have our differences of opinion and it goes without saying
that there is no love lost between us."

Both Seiryo and Nephrus nodded. "We know that already. I hate you, you
hate me... something... something... something, something. If this is all
you wanted to convey, then I really must return to my duties. The Queens
need an escort to Earth and there are reports of pirate clan activity,
which may effect Juraian security," Nephrus motioned for someone off
screen to end the transmission.

"The Queens are going to Earth!" Seiryo shouted out. Nephrus indicated for
the comms officer to hold cutting the off the signal. "Why? Are they
escorting Princess Aeka back? Why wasn't I informed of this?" He quickly
pulled out a small mirror and checked his face and hair. "Wehr," he yelled
to one of his attendants. "Wehr, have my ship prepped and place my spring
wardrobe aboard..."

Nephrus chuckled. "Why all the excitement, Seiryo? Think that the princess
has changed her mind? You might as well forget it. We are well under way
and the Queens have given explicit orders for all due haste."

Seiryo pouted before smiling a moment later. "No matter. What other reason
have they to return to Earth but to retrieve the Princesses," he said
confidently and crossed his arms. Visions of Aeka in all her natural glory
soon filled his head, obscuring all else.

Nephrus excused himself and Leeber went to refill his flask while they
waited the normal minute and a half for Seiryo to return to reality.

One minute and thirty -five seconds later both Leeber and Nephrus returned
in time to witness a shudder work its way down Seiryo's body.

"You don't need a tissue, do you? Or perhaps a towel?" asked Nephrus with
a smirk.

"How *DARE* you speak to the next Emperor of Jurai in such a manner!"
Seiryo demanded turning red.

Leeber had listened enough. "Fools! Don't you see our bickering amongst
ourselves only serves to help the Emperor? Can't you see? We must work
together if we are to save the empire?"

"Save the empire from what?" Nephrus asked meeting Leeber's stare. Seiryo
also took on a more serious expression.

"From those who would see it turned into a farce of its former glory. Can
you honestly tell me that you approve of Azusa's governance of the empire,
Lord Nephrus? The defeats, the missteps, the embarrassments. Do you see
Jurai maintaining its preeminence or do you see it whittling away? WELL!
Do you Lord Nephrus?" He turned hard on Seiryo, who flinched. "Do you,
Lord Seiryo?"

"What is it you propose, Lord Leeber?" Nephrus's voice was harsh and held
none of its usual gayety. He was fairly certain where this conversation
was headed.

Leeber was both shocked and pleased with the look he saw in Nephrus's
eyes. He had always thought the youth to be a frivolous playboy who had
lucked into his position of command, but those eyes he saw now said
differently. They were cold, calculating eyes, the eyes of an emperor. He
felt his burden lighten. Finally, the time had come to secure Jurai's
preeminence in the universe.

"Nephrus, your tree-ship, Susano-oh, is of the first generation, correct?"
Lord Leeber asked the man he hoped would be the answer to his prayer.

"Yes."

"The only first generation tree to be partnered since the Funaho, which is
grounded on Earth," Leeber continued, concentrating on Nephrus and
pointedly ignoring Seiryo. "Who among the pretenders to the throne could
match Susano-oh's strength?"

"With the Funaho grounded? No one within the line of succession, save
Sasami, could match the Susano-oh." Nephrus wasn't one hundred percent
certain of this statement... yet, but he would not admit that to Leeber or
Seiryo. He still needed to confer with his operative on Earth.

Seiryo, though vain, was not stupid. He knew what was being discussed and
where that discussion was leading. He also knew that his role in the
future of Jurai was being marginalized. He threw a nearby vase to the
floor, demanding the group's attention. "Don't discount my Reijin. She may
be a second generation..."

"And you, Nephrus, heir to the House of Rikimu and de facto commander of
Jurai's military for the past millennia. Among those who would claim the
imperial throne of Jurai, who could meet the swordplay of Jurai's
champion?"

"I will not be ignored!" Seiryo shouted to no one.

"I've always wanted to face Yosho again. Doesn't look like I'll have the
opportunity with him wasting away on that backwater world. Pity." He
placed his hands behind his neck and leaned back. "I guess the answer to
your question is no one, although I hear Aeka is quite powerful."

"You WILL *NOT* touch Aeka!" Seiryo yelled and again was ignored.

"Then what is stopping you?" Leeber queried.

"Stopping me? Of what do you speak?" Nephrus asked already knowing the
answer.

"Of challenging Azusa for the throne!"

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Tears streamed down Amagasaki's face. This was no doubt the reason he had
been born. He took a step back and then dropped to one knee. Reaching out,
he took her hand and looked up into her crystal blue eyes. She was looking
at him expectantly. He swallowed the lump in his throat and took a deep
breath.

"Mihoshi, it would be the greatest of honors for a man such as myself to
be allowed to escort such a beautiful woman. Yes, I would love to take you
to this GP Ball." There... he said it and without a stutter or a crack in
his voice. The delivery was perfect, as it was no doubt fated to be. Now,
should he wait until the ball or ask her for her hand here?

Mihoshi blinked once, twice, and a final third time before the
significance of his answer registered. Her smile became even more beatific
than Amagasaki thought was humanely possible. Once again she began to
vibrate with excitement.

"Really, you REALLY mean it! The greatest honor? You think I'm beautiful
too? I mean I've always thought I was kind of pretty, but whenever I went
into town all these guys would whistle at me. On Seti-Seven that's not a
good thing, but I guess here it's different. I mean you should know, since
you're from here. And you said *YES* so he should say yes too, right?"
That said, Mihoshi rushed forward to ask Tenchi to the ball, completely
forgetting about Amagasaki, who had been kneeling in front of her at the
time. She also failed to see a waitress carrying a tray of drinks.

Off the tall guys head, bounced off the brunette's bum, rebounded off the
fat guy's stomach, nothing but T-shirt.

One second Sakuya was staring openly at Tenchi's forehead, the next she
was wearing a mudslide.

"Oh... Oh... I am so sorry!" Mihoshi said picking herself off the floor.

Sakuya looked down at her soaked T-shirt and then over to the person
responsible. It was that galaxy police detective!

"Mihoshi," Tenchi said in surprise. "What are you doi... doing here?" he
asked holding his head. He was beginning to pay the cost for the alcohol
he had drunk.

Mihoshi looked at Sakuya and then Tenchi. She was messing up. She hadn't
even started to ask him yet, and she was messing up. She had to fix things
quick; she would never have a chance like this again once they got home.

Sakuya tried to clean herself up as best she could with the napkins at the
table. Sakuya wasn't fooled a bit. She knew exactly what the detective was
trying to pull. Very clever

Mihoshi walked *very* carefully over to Sakuya, hoping to apologize and
salvage the situation. "I really am sorry. You don't know how much.
Maybe... maybe you should head to the rest room to clean up."

'Yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you?' Mihoshi no doubt was here to watch
after Tenchi and had become suspicious of Sakuya. 'As soon as I leave
she'll probably drag him off.'

"Well then, let me help," Mihoshi asked grabbing some napkins herself.
Attempting to clean some of the chocolate from Sakuya's T-shirt, the ring
Mihoshi was wearing got caught. Unfortunately, Mihoshi discovered this too
late and ripped Sakuya's T-shirt from the neckline to just past her navel.

His courage in a bottle having left him, he quickly grabbed some napkins
of his own for his bloody nose and spun to face the opposite direction.

"You did that on PURPOSE!" Sakuya said accusingly and covered up as best
she could.

"Uh... no, it was just an accident. I'm really sorry," Mihoshi said with a
bow.

"It's the truth. Mihoshi would never do something like that out of
malice," Tenchi added in her defense.

'Sure it was. I underestimated her. I should have known they would have
their best people watching the Prince. You weren't about to let me alone
with him were you? Accident my butt. This round goes to you Mihoshi.'
Sakuya eyed Mihoshi with cautious respect. "Oh, I believe you. I'm sure it
wasn't preplanned or anything. Just shear happenstance. Well, in any case,
I have had enough for one night." She moved past them towards the door,
her arms folded across her chest to cover her modesty.

When she reached the door, she felt someone tap her on the shoulder. It
was Tenchi. Still facing away from her, he held out his jacket to her.
"Honestly, Mihoshi really is upset about the whole thing. Take it," he
said offering the jacket.

Sakuya smiled and accepted. "You know, Tenchi. You're not half the
barbarian some people say you are. We'll meet again, I promise you that."
She zipped the jacket up and walked out the door.

'What did she mean by that?' Tenchi wondered confused. Well, he wouldn't
figure it out today, his head was slowly beginning to throb from a fast
approaching hangover. The sound of sniffling behind him penetrated through
the building pain.

"*Sniff* *sniff* Ten... Tenchi, I didn't mean to spill that drink on her
or interrupt your date *sniff*. I j... just wanted to ask you something,"
Mihoshi sniffled and lowered her head in shame.

Tenchi patted her on one of her shoulders. "It's okay, Mihoshi. It was an
accident and it wasn't a date. I just made her and we were talking is all.
Nothing to get that upset over." He placed his other hand on shoulder,
encouraging her to lift her head. "It's late, let's get home."

Mihoshi raised her head and smiled as best she could. They both stepped
out of the club and made their way towards the bus station. Amagasaki
watched them leave together, too stunned to move.

The bus ride home was uneventful, as Tenchi had fallen asleep the second
they sat down. Helping him off the bus, Mihoshi watched Tenchi take three
steps before deciding he was going to need help walking home as well.
Throwing his gym bag over one shoulder, she supported Tenchi with the
other as they walked towards the Masaki home. The night sky was clear and
the air had grown cold, but Mihoshi failed to notice too lost in thought,
until Tenchi involuntarily shivered against her.

"Are you cold?" she asked.

Tenchi raised his head and let gravity do the rest as it once more slumped
to his chest.

Mihoshi paused for a moment to think before leaning Tenchi up against a
tree. She removed her jacket and placed it around him. She then faced him
around so his back was to the tree and hefted him onto her back. Now he
had her jacket for warmth and she had him for warmth. She blushed at the
thought and continued on towards the house.

When she reached the walk that ran around the lake and up to the house,
she slowed her pace. It was now or never.

"Tenchi..."

"Hmm... *urp* "

She turned her head to the side in an attempt to see his face. "Umm,
Tenchi, can I ask you something? Y... you can say no if you want."

Tenchi lifted his head and rested it over her shoulder. Mihoshi quickly
turned back to the front. "Whaaa?" Tenchi drawled. His head was pounding
now.

"Well, umm, in a couple of days... an official ball will be held by the
Galaxy Police."

"Mmmhmm," Tenchi mouthed closing his eyes.

"It's a really important special event and it's only held once a year."

"Mmmhmm."

"All the brass will be there and it is a very good career opportunity."

"Mmmhmm."

They were at the steps to the house.

"Soooo..."

"Hmm?"

"So... I was wondering... well.... If you weren't too busy... if maybe...
you could take me? Take me to the ball that is... not *you know*?"

For what seemed to be an eternity to Mihoshi, but five seconds to everyone
else, there was silence. Finally...

"Mmmhmm."

Gently, Mihoshi closed her eyes and reigned in all her emotions. Though
she felt like exploding and yelling out 'Yatta' to the world, she didn't.
She would not mess this up. "Thank you, Tenchi. I promise you won't regret
it," she said quietly.

"Mmmhmm."

Finally, She and Tenchi reached the door to the house. Carefully, she
leaned Tenchi up against the door and then rooted through her pockets for
the key. Too engrossed in the search she failed to notice Tenchi about to
fall over until he was well on his way towards her.

<><><><><><><><><><>

Lord Remus stood outside the office chamber of First Queen Funaho aboard
her ship, attempting to calm himself. It was a daily ritual. He was the
regional governor of the largest of the Jurai protectorates. He was the
Vice Head of Intelligence Gathering, second only to the First Queen
herself, and as such, he reported to her daily. He was both respected and
feared. But standing before the First Queen just turned him to jelly. She
was just so... so... intimidating. Tsunami-sama, she was perfect.

When he had heard about the events in the royal throne room, he had nearly
cried. Why couldn't he be a doorman? It was just his rotten luck.
Continuing with his ritual, he placed two plugs up into his nose and out
of view and sprayed on a light touch of cologne. He gripped the
intelligence report tightly in his hand. She had ordered it to be
delivered to her at the moment of its arrival. Steeling himself, he took a
step forward about to ask for entry to the room when to his surprise the
doors opened.

It was unlike the Queen to fail to secure the door, so Remus took a
cautious step inside the room... and nearly died.

Laying on a couch like piece of furniture were both the First and Second
Queens. Funaho lay on her back, spread out on the couch. Her outer kimono
was open revealing her inner kimono and a fair amount of leg. To make
matters worse, or better depending on your perspective, Misaki was lying
directly on top of her. Misaki's head rested gently on top of Funaho's
chest, and she was cutely sucking her thumb... no it was Funaho's thumb.
Misaki's outer kimono was likewise open, but in her case the inner was
partially opened as well. Both were slightly pulled down over her right
shoulder. The two had apparently dozed.

Remus clutched at his heart and pleaded with it to slow down. It wasn't
listening. Slowly, he backed away towards the door but accidentally
knocked over a small potted plant.

Misaki groggily lifted her head at the noise and Funaho did likewise. Both
looked at a shocked Lord Remus with sleep heavy eyes.

Lord Remus quickly prostrated himself onto the floor. "I beg your
forgiveness for the intrusion, your Majesties. I meant no disrespect. The
door was open," he said trying to keep his voice from trembling.

Misaki sat up and Funaho followed suit. "You forgot to the lock the door
again, didn't you Misaki?" Funaho said covering her bare leg and standing
up. Wearily, she walked over to Lord Remus.

"Big deal. It wasn't like we were naked or anything. Right, Lord Remus?"
Misaki answered smiling.

Remus didn't answer, couldn't answer, due to the mental picture her
statement had caused.

Her long black hair was all mussy and she removed a great deal of it from
her face as she stood in front of Lord Remus. He had never seen her look
so sexy. "MISAKI! Stop talking like that! You'll give people ideas about
us. Ignore her, Lord Remus," Funaho instructed.

It was far too late for that. Lord Remus's dream for many a night had been
etched in stone in his mind.

"Is that the report I asked for?"

Remus nodded, no longer capable of intelligible speech.

"May I have it?" Funaho asked.

Remus nodded again and slowly raised the report.

Funaho had to pry it from his frozen hands. Looking at the cover page, she
smiled. This was just the report she had been waiting for. She told Remus
that he could leave now and walked back to the couch to sit down. She
started to become engrossed in the report when Misaki kicked her.

"What!"

Misaki smiled and pointed toward the door. Lord Remus stood there frozen.

"Uh, Lord Remus?" Funaho inquired. "You can go now. Lord Remus?"

Misaki picked up a pillow and through it at Lord Remus, hitting him in the
face.

"Huh?"

"You can go now, Lord Remus" both Misaki and Funaho chimed.

Lord Remus blushed, quickly excused himself and ran out the door.

"I know what he was thinking," Misaki sing-songed.

Funaho just shook her head and stared at her sister for a moment. "Misaki,
you are so bad!"

"And I'm so good at it too!"

Funaho laughed and returned her attention to the report.

"So... is it good news or bad news?" Misaki asked.

"I haven't decided yet," Funaho replied, continuing to skim over the
intelligence report. "Lords Leeber, Seiryo and Nephrus are currently in
conference. No transcript as of yet."

"I would categorize that as bad."

"Maybe... maybe not, I'll wait for the details before I make up my mind,"
Funaho answered back. "The Galaxy Police Ball will be held in three days.
Lord Nephrus usually represents the Empire at this function, if I recall.
The Marshall is expected to attend also. Hmm... Looks like Mihoshi bought
two tickets. I wonder who she's taking?"

"Does Mihoshi have a boyfriend?" Misaki asked.

"Hmm, don't know. We barely met her."

"Do you think she would like Lord Shoten?" A gleam sparkled in Misaki's
eye.

"Stop it, Misaki."

"What?"

"You know what, enough of the matching making. Remember the Quaver War?"

"They didn't go to war!"

"Yeah, no thanks to you!"

"You're no fun any more. Anything else interesting?" Misaki knew that
there was, she could read it in Funaho's face. She was about the only
person who could tell what the First Queen was thinking and she had just
found something unexpected.

"You remember that reporter, right?"

"Of course."

"Do you remember the Lady Mariko Kyogou?"

"Vaguely."

"She had a daughter..." Funaho turned to look Misaki in the eye.
"...Chisa."

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

A noise startled Noboyuki from his nap on the couch. It seemed to becoming
from the direction of the front door. Walking over and wiping the sleep
from his eyes, he opened the door. At first he didn't see anything, just
when was about to close the door, he suddenly had the urge to look down.
He was so happy he did.

There on the stoop was Tenchi and Mihoshi in a tangle of limbs. "Couldn't
wait until you got to your room, huh? That's my boy." Noboyuki pulled out
a disposable camera he kept in his pocket for just such unforeseen
circumstances. "So, it was Mihoshi you were talking about." He quickly
shot a picture.

Tenchi didn't answer and Mihoshi hadn't moved an inch.

Mihoshi couldn't move. When she saw Tenchi tipping over she moved to catch
him, but had been caught off balance. They both fell over locked in an
unintentional kiss, or more accurately a slightly conscious Tenchi's lips
were touching a completely stunned Mihoshi's.

Finally, Tenchi stirred and pushed himself up. He tried standing up and
after an unsuccessful attempt, succeeded in doing so. Mihoshi quickly
stood, blushing fiercely.

Noboyuki stood back and watched his son stumble through the door. He had
never been prouder. "Tenchi... you are finally walking like a man!"

Tenchi took about five steps like a man before Mihoshi had to catch him
again. Noboyuki took the opportunity to make a dash for his video camera.
He returned in time to see Tenchi waving Mihoshi off.

"Are you sure you can make it to your room, Tenchi?" Mihoshi asked
concerned.

Tenchi nodded and staggered toward the stairs.

"Um... well then Tenchi, goodnight. I had a great time and I'm really
looking forward to our date," she said twiddling her fingers. "Well...
anyway, goodnight." She ran to her room, far too excited to sleep tonight.

Tenchi nodded again and started up the stairs.

"Lookin' good, son." This tape would take its place of honor next to
Tenchi's first baby steps.

Reaching the top of the stairs and escaping his father, Tenchi walked
forward, opened a door and fell into the embrace of his newfound love. A
goddess if there ever was one. Skin like white porcelain and a touch that
was soothing and cool. He kneeled before her and offered a bit of himself
in tribute. She accepted it graciously.

*BLEAGH*

Tsunami waited patiently outside the bathroom for Tenchi to finish.
Hopefully, he could still help her this evening. That is if he hadn't
coughed up a lung. She made a mental note never to experience getting
drunk.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Sana opened her eyes to find herself lying in the middle of a spotlight in
a totally darkened room. Looking to her left and right she saw two of her
companions from the shuttle, each one under their own spotlight. The
others must not have survived. She stood and her friends did also.

"Where are we Sana?" the pilot of the shuttle asked.

"The... the Katul was destroyed. That ship destroyed it with one shot,"
the other answered trembling.

Sana stood, someone was watching them. She could sense it. The feeling was
coming from all around her. Sana felt surrounded, strangely though, she
could only sense one intellect.

"I know you're here. Why don't you come out and face us? After what you
did to the Katul, surely we can't be of any threat," Sana called out into
the darkness.

"No, you're not. I have some questions. Will you answer them for me?" A
female voice asked.

"After what you did to the Katul? You can *die* you stinkin' bitch!" The
pilot pulled his gun from its holster and fired in the direction of the
voice. After several rounds, he stopped and listened. All was quiet.
"There's your answer."

"Did... did you get her? Let's hurry up and get out of here before the
rest of the crew shows up."

"There is no crew, and no, he didn't get her," Sana answered solemnly.

"What are you talkin' about Sana? I nailed that bitc...." The spotlight
above him winked out abruptly and with it, the sound of his voice.

"As I said, I have some questions. Will you answer them?"

"Aeneas... Aeneas!" Sana called out. "What did you do to my pilot? Where
is he!"

"He was being rude. The Master hasn't seen me yet. What if he had
scratched something with that gun of his? As to where he went that is a
spiritual question. You knew him better than I, was he religious?" Her
voice had a note of curiosity in it.

"My... my god what are you! What do you want from us?" Sana's lone
crewmate screamed, backing away, but from what he had no idea.

"I am the Megami, ship and servant to my Master, and I've already told you
what I desire. By the way, don't move any further."

"Just... just leave us alon..." he yelled stepping out of the circle of
light. He never got to finish his sentence.

Sana knew he was gone. She could no longer feel any terror in the room.
She was alone now, at the mercy of this Megami. And from what Sana had so
far seen of her, she had no mercy.

Another spotlight activated. "I did warn him," a small girl about five
feet tall and looking around fourteen years old said looking down and
smiling at Sana from where she sat on a pedestal.  "Now, about my
question."

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Damien
damien_searight@msn.com
ICQ: 24113246

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Completely spent, Tenchi Masaki wearily closed his eyes and instantly went
to sleep. Looking down on his peaceful face, Tsunami, patron Goddess of
Jurai, smiled warmly. She knew that tonight had been his first time trying
something like that. hers too. It had taken a lot out of both of them.

Sitting down on the side of his bed, she gently took his face into her
hands as she leaned down to him. Touching her forehead to his, both their
emblems of power began to glow with resonant energy.

"Thank you," she mouthed quietly, still in the embrace.

With all the subtlety of a ghost, she made her way to the door of Tenchi's
room. Pausing at the entrance, she turned a satisfied gaze back on the
sleeping teenager. Everything was going so well.

She couldn't wait to see the shock on everyone's faces when they found
out.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Tenchi Muyo:
The People's Prince part VI

Debuts: The Annual Galaxy Police Ball
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
