The People's Prince

Disclaimer: The characters of Tenchi Muyo belong to AIC and Pioneer LDC.
They are used without permission.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>
Story
Summary: In our last episode, the mysterious ship, Megami, has a bad day as
the Jebel pirate clan attacks her. Lord Leeber has a bad day as he relives
the worst day of his long life. Mayuka has a bad day because she's stuck in
a baby's body. Mihoshi has a bad day as it looks as though Tenchi may have
forgotten about their going to the GP Ball. On the brighter side, Noboyuki
has a fine day as it looks as though his son may score! Tsunami has a very
good day as things are still going her way. Nephrus has a good day as his
plans are going well too. Sakuya is happy as she plans on being the next
First Queen no matter who her Emperor is. Aeka and Ryoko's outlook improves,
as Tenchi seemed to have a terrible time during his night without them.

And Tenchi drifts along as usual...

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>
This chapter is
For all you Aeka haters out there =)
You know who you are.
Ryoko fans don't lose heart.
Chapter 8 is for you!
Thanx to Jed Hagen for pointing out all the errors in the draft.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><>
Part VII:
Tradition
<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

The Galaxy Police Connection

                               By Susan C. Graham

As part of my continuing expose, looking into the dealings of our Juraian
government that are routinely hidden from public view; we will in this
segment focus on the deep connections and sometimes clandestine
relationships that exists between the Noble families of planet Jurai and the
Galaxy Police.

By now, I am sure most Juraians are aware of this reporter's meeting...
<>
'No,' she thought, erasing.
<>
 ...this investigator's fiery confrontation with the First Queen...

...the elusive First Queen; where for the first time, the true involvement
of  the Jurai Royal Family in the destruction of the Soja were nearly
uncovered. Of even more significance, for the first time in history, the
public learns of its newest Noble, Tenchi Masaki, the spawn of the dark
secret exiled by the Royal House of Masaki: the forbidden love that forced
Crowned Prince Yosho from his home...

<>
'Doesn't that sound familiar,' Susan thought derisively and tossed the
stylus and light pad she was using to compose her article across the room.

She reclined back on to her bed, and reaching into the light Juraian kimono
she wore, pulled out a platinum colored chain. On the end of the chain was a
very ornate looking brooch made of wood.

"What do the Noble families know of love?" Susan wondered aloud, watching
the beautiful heirloom slowly twirl before her eyes.  She clutched the
brooch tightly to her chest before placing it back within her shirt.

'Not a damn thing... They don't know a damn thing about love.'

Susan finished writing her lead in article concerning the GP and the Juraian
Noble families. She changed into the drabbest clothing she could find and
headed off to the office.  She needed to inform the Chief about her plans to
interview Mihoshi at the upcoming Galaxy Police Benevolence Ball concerning
her involvement with Prince Tenchi.

Now all she had to do was wait.

Mihoshi would come to her.

In seventy-two standard hours all her hard work would pay off and the Noble
houses would lose the one thing they held in the highest regard: their
facade.

It was a happy thought.

<><><><><><><><><>

"*Achoo! *  My goodness, I hope I'm not catching a cold," Aeka wheezed, and
daintily wiped her nose with a handkerchief. As they approached the limits
of the city, Aeka turned her gaze to the passing cityscape. The bus ride
from the countryside had been quite long, but it did allot Aeka the time she
needed to mentally prepare herself to meet Sakuya. She and Sakuya were not
friends, or so Aeka decided during her trip to the city, but they did know
each other well.

Sakuya was the second born child of Lord Aoshi of the House of Bushi.
Despite the fact that Sakuya was not chosen by a tree of the first or second
generation, many among the noble families of Jurai believed she would be the
one chosen by Lord Aoshi to lead the House of Bushi after him due to her
intelligence and guile. It was the eldest son, Seiryo, however who was
chosen to lead the family after his father. Though extremely competent and
joined to a second-generation tree, it still came as a surprise to most that
it was Seiryo and not Sakuya.

Even without the title, Sakuya had a formidable persona, a fact Aeka knew
well. As the two were of similar age and held similar positions in their
families, they had traveled much the same path, had many of the same tutors,
acquaintances and experiences. It could be said that Aeka and Sakuya grew up
together.

And before her arrival on Earth, Aeka would have unquestionably called Lady
Sakuya Bushi one of her best friends. She was the type of person Aeka was
expected to befriend. However, as the First Princess of Jurai rode a cramped
old bus on a backwater world to meet her old acquaintance, she realized that
her definition of friendship had changed.

No, she and Sakuya were not friends, and Aeka held no misconceptions that
Sakuya was here on Earth to meet her childhood companion and reminisce on
old times. Which is why Aeka spent the whole time since receiving Sakuya's
phone call this morning trying to determine her motives. Descending from the
bus and nearing the café, Aeka still was not sure how to approach the
situation.

It was a very small upscale café, which was evident by the mirrored glass,
highly shined brass adornments and doorman standing out front looking
intimidating. His act failed to impress Aeka, however, who confidently
strode up to him and airily waited for him to allow her entry. She needed to
be on her toes when talking with Sakuya, best to get in that frame of mind
now.

As a waitress led her from the front reception area to where Sakuya was
waiting, Aeka walked confidently behind. 'Control the conversation. Don't
let her get the upper hand,' Aeka repeated to herself. It had been sometime
since she had to immerse herself in Juraian politics. Hopefully, Sasami's
lessons helping Aeka learn to cook hadn't displaced too many of Funaho's
teachings on dealing with the politico.

"Here we are, Ma'am," the waitress said as they arrived at a small booth in
the corner of the restaurant. It was a quiet secluded area and just outside
the booth's window was a beautiful view of an adjoining hanging garden.

"Thank you," Aeka said with a slight bow of her head, feeling quite
confident that she could handle Sakuya. The waitress smiled and excused
herself. As she moved aside, Aeka caught her first glimpse of Sakuya Bushi
and in that moment Aeka knew she was in trouble.

Sakuya, like Aeka, had spent much of the morning preparing for this precise
moment and from the barely concealed look of shock and anger on Aeka's face,
the day already belonged to Sakuya.

"Aeka!" Sakuya shouted enthusiastically, sliding across the booth's seat and
standing to greet her friend. "It's been such a long time. You, of course,
look great!" Sakuya quickly hugged Aeka and then held her at arms length to
give Aeka the once over. "Just great! The time away has done you wonders.
Perhaps I should frequent Earth more often. I feel as though I am wasting
away on Jurai at times. What do you think?"

Aeka was still somewhat speechless at what Sakuya was wearing. It wasn't so
much the designer blue jeans, although Aeka admitted to herself that she
would never have even consider such a choice. Nor was it Sakuya's simple
choice of a low cut white cotton shirt as a top. Put together, Sakuya was by
far the most casually dressed person in the upscale café. Her manner of
dress made what Aeka had considered an informal yet appropriate for the
occasion kimono seem stodgy by comparison. Just another small detail Sakuya
was using to make her feel uncomfortable, Aeka concluded. Still Aeka felt
more than capable of dealing with such a faux pas. That was not the problem.

It was her jacket! Why, in Jurai's three moons, was Sakuya wearing Tenchi's
jacket!

<><><><><><><><><>

'Tenchi doesn't remember.'

'Tenchi says he doesn't remember last night.'

'Tenchi doesn't remember our date for the...'

The morning hadn't gone well for Detective First Class Mihoshi. As breakfast
wore on it was becoming more and more evident that Tenchi remembered little
if anything from the previous night. The blonde detective began to fear that
her asking him to the Galaxy Police Ball was part of what Tenchi had
forgotten. Her catching him out alone was pure luck and she knew it. If he
had indeed forgotten then what would she do? Asking him again would be
difficult, if not suicidal.

'Maybe I should just give up,' she thought while lying in her room and
staring at the ceiling. It was a strange thought, one that had always been
foreign to her in the past. The ridicule, the whispers of nepotism, the
shouts of incompetence... they had always been a driving force in her
career. Never once did giving in to the naysayers seriously present itself
as an option.

She rolled on to her side, allowing the tears that had pooled in her eyes
the freedom to roll down her cheeks. Her eyes wandered aimlessly about her
room. Her graduation certificate from the police academy was hung proudly
above a picture of an equally proud family. And though she had just squeaked
past the cut off for acceptance into the ranks of the Galaxy Police, it was
a smile filled with amour propre that showed on the young woman's face in
the picture.

Mihoshi stared at that picture and the Mihoshi in the picture stared back at
her. "You wouldn't just sit in your room crying, would you?" Mihoshi asked
Mihoshi. "You wouldn't sit crying in your room... You'd try your best,
succeed or fail!"  With a determined hand, Mihoshi wiped the tear tracts
from her face and sprung from her bed. She attempted to roll up her sleeves
before realizing her T-shirt didn't have any, which as far as she was
concerned made things so much the quicker. "Tenchi had said he would go, so
he's *going* to go," Mihoshi vowed resolutely, her normal enthusiastic
demeanor returning. Or at least that was the plan when she marched out of
her room.

Her resolve held firm as strode out of her room and turned up the stairs
toward Tenchi's room, but on each footfall as she came closer and closer to
her intended destination, her steadfastness weakened more and more. By the
time she reached Tenchi's closed bedroom door, she was a nervous wreck.

It took a moment, but finally she knocked on the door. "Um... Tenchi? Can I
speak to you for a second?" Mihoshi asked timidly through the closed door.
There were some indiscernible noises inside the room, but no one answered.
"It's about last night," Mihoshi continued. Cautiously she looked up and
down the hallway for signs of eavesdroppers, before speaking again. "I...
uh... just want... to... you know... make sure that we're still ok for...
you know."

Mihoshi paused waiting for some kind of response. Not hearing any, she
knocked a second time and put her ear to the door. On the other side of the
room she could hear a gruff mumble and someone make their way to the door.
Mihoshi made the logical assumption that Tenchi was still suffering from the
alcohol he had had last evening and decided it was best to be quick and not
annoy Tenchi any further. "I... I... didn't mean to wake you or anything,
Tenchi. You rest, ok? I just wanted to make sure that you didn't forget
about me asking you to the GP Ball and your saying that you would take me,
cause 'um you said you would and it's like only two days away now and it's
too late to ask someone else, plus I really wanted to go with you and it's
kinda important... So, you remember and everything's ok, right?"

The hand that phased through the door and grabbed her about the neck was her
first clue that all was not "ok".

<><><><>

Professional wrestling had nothing on the Dijon Café.

"Kick 'er in the gut! The GUT!"

This was just one of the voices shouting to Aeka as she grabbed Sakuya by
her two long bangs and pulled Sakuya's face down while at the same time
thrusting up her knee. Sakuya's head bounced off Aeka's knee snapping her
whole body back and dropping her to the floor.

Stunned, Sakuya tried to pick herself back up. This allotted Aeka the time
she needed to climb up on top of the table.

"I... I... Aeka," Sakuya was able to stutter out before Aeka's final
crushing elbow from above.

Again grabbing Sakuya by the hair she lifted Sakuya's head up and pulled
back a fist.

"One!" The crowd screamed in mounting volume as Sakuya's head jerked back
from the force of Aeka's blow.

"...Two!"

The blows continued to rain down like water.

"...Ten..."

"...Twenty..."

"...Forty..."

Sakuya crumbled like cracker in a blender.

Triumphant, Aeka practically ripped Tenchi's jacket off Sakuya's unconscious
body and tossed it around her shoulders, and the normally sedate crowd of
the upscale Dijon Café roared their approval.

"Ohh..." Sakuya groaned from the floor. She got up on to her knees and
looked up at the smirking Aeka. "Aeka..."

<>

"Aeka? Aeka!" Sakuya inquired, waving a hand in front of Aeka's face.

"Huh?" Aeka responded with a confused expression.

The two were sitting at their booth near the back of the café. Sakuya was
looking at Aeka over the cup of coffee she was drinking. Aeka hadn't touched
her own cup of tea. Instead, she was just staring in Sakuya's direction with
a satisfied air.

"Your thoughts seem to be elsewhere, Lady Aeka," Sakuya finished and took
another sip of her cup. She placed it back down on the table and then rested
her chin on the backs of her hands, propping up her head with her arms. Her
gaze was friendly, but concerned.

Aeka shook her mind free from the daydream of wresting Tenchi's jacket away.
'And I worried about that 'woman' having a bad influence on Sasami,' Aeka
thought with a visible chuckle. "Oh no, Lady Sakuya, I was just reminiscing
on old times. Still planning on being the most beautiful queen ever to rule
Jurai?" Aeka giggled. Sakuya, from youth to young adulthood, had always been
quite jesting when speaking of her desire to be queen.

"Naturally," Sakuya said laughing along with Aeka. "Although, I think my
brother has designs on that title as well"

Before Sakuya could finish her sentence, a quiet beeping interrupted her.
Reaching into a designer backpack that she had underneath the table, Sakuya
took out a small device that resembled a compact in shape. She flipped open
the device to reveal a small circular screen. After a moment, a small
three-dimensional picture of her brother appeared.

"Speak of a weevil, and lo do they appear," Sakuya quoted the Juraian wives
tale.

The small hologram of Seiryo became indignant. "As the head of the Household
of Bushi, you will not refer to me in such a disrespectful manner. In
addition, I would like to know your location at all times," he said with his
hands upon his hips.

Upon hearing the voice of Seiryo, Aeka ducked her head beneath the table,
which, of course, was not missed by Sakuya. Today was the most fun Sakuya
had had in awhile, and was very much welcome after what she had felt was her
failure the previous evening.

"A joke... a joke, Brother! You know," Sakuya began to bait her brother.
"It's because you lack humor that Aeka ignores you. Isn't that right, Aeka?"

"Ha! You and I both know that..." Seiryo started, before the last part of
Sakuya's sentence was comprehended. Just when realization was striking, he
heard what was to him the most melodious of voices.

Mournfully, Aeka brought herself up from beneath the table. She scowled at
Sakuya who knew well her disdain for Seiryo. "I must admit a preference for
a good humored consort."

"Where are you?" Seiryo whispered to his sister. The look of total dread on
his face was just too precious for Sakuya to leave alone.

"Visiting. You know what good friends the Bushi and Masaki are. Aeka and I
are especially close. Nothing like Yosho at all is he, Aeka?" Sakuya
redirected her attention and continued to chide her brother, not so much out
of malice than sibling rivalry. "So slow to the obvious, and not at all good
humored."

"I... I... am funny. No one on Jurai is more gay than I am!" Seiryo
proclaimed with an obvious pout. Seiryo turned to address Aeka. "I can not
tell you the joy I feel at seeing you in good health, Princess Aeka. I
regretted so much being forced to leave you on that barbaric world in the
hands of those ruffians."

"He regretted it so much so that he cried for three days straight after your
disfavor of the marriage, Aeka. It really was a sad sight. You'd think he
would realize by now after all these years, how much you love Yosho."

'Yosho?' Aeka thought curiously. 'Surely, she must know of...'

"Anyway, Brother, I really must return to my brunch with Aeka. You
understand? I will return to Jurai within three days." Having said that
Sakuya closed the compact before her brother could respond.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Tenchi Masaki was two wits short of his wits end. The morning had not been
kind to him, or his brain. He just wanted to forget the past twenty-four
hours. Initially wanting to spend time alone, he at the last minute decided
to take his infant daughter, Mayuka, with him. This decision nearly doubled
the level of difficulty for the maneuver. On any given day, getting some
peace and quiet for himself was nearly impossible. The girls tracked his
every move and, given what happened last night, Ryoko and Aeka weren't about
to let him out of their sight for any length of time. Adding Mayuka to his
desire for respite meant retrieving her from her "guards".

But the task proved easier than he first thought. Aeka apparently had left
for the city shortly after breakfast. It was something about meeting an old
acquaintance. Ryoko was sleeping in his room, or at least he hoped that's
all she was doing in there, and Mihoshi was held up in her own room. This
just left Washu and Sasami. As luck would have it Sasami was still cleaning
up after breakfast, so Washu was caring for Mayuka in her lab.

Believe it or not, this had been an ideal situation. He was able to retrieve
Mayuka from Washu with out much interrogation from her as to where he was
going. Plus Washu was not able to pull something with Mayuka in the room.

Perhaps his luck was changing he thought as he walked towards the fields
carrying Mayuka in her bassinet. "What do you think, M&M"

'You and me all the way, Daddy' she smiled back at him.

And as he watched her watching him pick carrots in her bassinet perched atop
an empty wicker basket, he felt quite at peace with himself. It's weird how
babies have that effect. Mere moments or years could have passed by and
Tenchi would not have noticed, so lost was he in this serenity. It was with
him just moments away from discovering the secrets of the universe and
reaching spiritual nirvana that his trance was broken by the most piercing
of cries.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Half way through her brunch with Sakuya, Aeka decided she was not prepared
for this discussion. She just wasn't sure what should be kept secret to the
House of Misaki and what needn't be. Aeka had no guide to what the
boundaries of the conversation should be.

She tried to avoid speaking on sensitive issues by picking innocuous topics,
such as asking Sakuya about happenings on Jurai, if she was seeing anyone,
and other topics two socialites might discuss. Sakuya would happily answer
each and every question and then turn the question around, putting Aeka back
in her quandary.

"Jurai? Boring as ever. Though I am looking forward to the summer concert
festival that is going to be held on the palace grounds.  Exciting, huh? I
am sure it pales to your adventures... Shooting across the galaxy after your
love. Confronting the devil, Ryoko and the wraith, Kagato must have been
terrifying. How did you feel when you first saw Yosho? You two must have had
quite the discussion! One of these days you're going to have to give me all
the juicy details."

"Am I seeing anyone? Sort of... I am still off and on with the son of the
House of Rikimu. You know, the same guy I was seeing before you left Jurai,
but I don't know if that is headed anywhere. I haven't had the luck with men
you've had. I mean... I wished someone had handed me a man like Yosho on a
silver platter. So I guess I'm still hunting for that someone special, picky
me. Though I just recently met someone who has peaked my interest."

'I bet you have,' Aeka thought darkly to herself, noting how Sakuya played
with the zipper on Tenchi's jacket. Aeka had never taken much note of that
jacket in the past. It was worn and old and she had always thought Tenchi
should get rid of it and wear something more in keeping with his station.
She, of course, had never even once had the desire to wear it herself. It
just never crossed her mind. Then... Now was a whole other story.

Looking across the small table filled with various pastries and cakes, Aeka
realized something else. Although Sakuya's made many allusions to him, not
once had she mentioned Tenchi by name. Obviously, she had met Tenchi;
otherwise she wouldn't be wearing his jacket. Aeka couldn't prevent her brow
from furrowing again as she looked at the jacket. Sakuya looked curiously
back at Aeka while sampling the different deserts on the table. Equally, of
little doubt was Seiryo telling his sister of his visit and "duel" with
Tenchi. So why was Sakuya being so circumspect about him?

"Sakuya?" Aeka queried, picking up her now cold cup of tea. Perhaps a direct
approach would be more rewarding.

Using her napkin, Sakuya wiped stray crumbs from her lips before answering.
"Yes, Aeka?"

"I hope your brother was not too terribly upset over his defeat."

"Well, as I said before, he cried for three straight days afterward, but
that is normal for him after one of your rejections. As for him being
defeated, he asserts that there was no defeat and that there was no way that
such a 'barbarian' could have defeated in righteous combat without
subterfuge.  And as I understand circumstances, he is correct. The officer,
Mihoshi, was the cause of his downfall. I think maybe the House of Bushi was
cheated out of its chance to join the House of Masaki." Sakuya rested her
chin on her right palm and waited patiently for Aeka's response.

"While I admit that the concurrence of events leading up to his defeat were
unusual, the outcome was quite in up keeping with the traditional rules,"
Aeka replied in her most dignified voice. "A swordsmen must be aware of and
in control of his environs as well as his oppo..."

Sakuya shook her head and waved both her hands in front of her to signal to
Aeka that she conceded that point and that she could cease her argument.
"Okay, okay, yes, I know. Don't be so stodgy, Aeka. We both know very well
what the outcome of that duel would have been minus any outside
interference."

There was a period of silence that followed. The background noises of the
busy morning café interposed itself between the two noblewomen as each
pondered what was just said. It Aeka who forced the outside distractions
away once more.

"Let's speak plainly, Sakuya."

Sakuya's smile broadened, finally the real conversation was about to begin,
enough foreplay. "When am I anything but forthright?" Sakuya slid out of the
booth and moved to the other side to sit next to Aeka. "So... What will be
the topic of our discussion?"

Again, Aeka was taken aback by Sakuya's brashness. 'I've been away too
long,' Aeka concluded. She recovered nicely, however. Instead of moving
back, Aeka decided to take her cue from Ryoko. She moved closer, invading
Sakuya's personal space. Aeka leaned forward, pressing herself against
Sakuya's flank and whispering into her ear. "I'll leave that up to you, Lady
Sakuya." Aeka leaned back. "It is, after all, only fair. You having traveled
all this way."

For the first time, Sakuya's smile disappeared and face and tone became
stoic. "Tradition, Lady Aeka... Let's speak of tradition."

<><><><><><><><><><><>

"Rock! Rock!"

At the last second, her head rose several inches, just missing the huge rock
imbedded in the ground.

"Hey! Hey! What did I say! No upside down drivers!" Ryoko warned and shook
her captive for added measure.

Mihoshi stuck her right fist into her mouth (one of her quirkier talents) to
keep from screaming. Being dragged upside down by the ankle while Ryoko
searched for Tenchi was bad, but Ryoko's other idea of carrying Mihoshi by
the ponytail was even worse. She had just washed it and Ryoko's hands were
always so dirty.

Tenchi wasn't in his room, of course. Ryoko had been catnapping there when
Mihoshi had awakened her. The blonde ditz had to be confused or something.
There was no way her Tenchi had agreed to go on a date with Mihoshi. Mihoshi
wasn't even in the running. What a joke! Aeka would have a good laugh when
she heard. In any case, she would get Tenchi to set the golden loon straight
with his own words.

They crested over a small hill line, and skirted just above the sprouts in
the large expanse of the carrot field. Ryoko paused in the middle and
shielded her gaze from the sun as she scanned the area for Tenchi. Mihoshi
used the lull to pick the twigs and small rocks from her wavy locks of hair.

Ryoko completed the search of the field, still no Tenchi. "If he wasn't
working in the carrot fields, then the next logical place for him to be
would be at his grandfather's shrine," Ryoko reasoned. She flew fifty feet
straight up, all the while carrying Mihoshi by the ankle. With breakneck
speed, Ryoko took off towards the shrine. In her haste she would miss her
intended target as he rocked his infant daughter to sleep in the place where
Funaho once stood.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Despite the drastic change in his surroundings, it was some time before
Tenchi Masaki noticed; his concerns where elsewhere at the time. While he
had been working in the carrot field, something happened to his daughter,
Mayuka. She had begun to cry like he had never heard before. He had just fed
her so she probably wasn't hungry. Her diaper didn't need to be changed, so
she wasn't crying over that either. Normally, he was extremely accurate in
reading Mayuka's moods and wants, but he feared what his instincts were
telling him.

She was crying because she was in pain.

He convinced himself that his feeling was wrong and in a panic, began to
race back towards the house and Washu's lab to find out the real cause of
Mayuka's crying. He was half way back to the house when Mayuka suddenly
stopped crying. Tenchi came to an immediate stop in order to check on her.

"What's wrong, M&M?" Why is my little girl crying?" Tenchi asked with
obvious concern. He held her up in the air so that she was looking down at
him and stared deeply into her eyes.

Mayuka looked down at her father with a bewildered expression. She didn't
know what was wrong either and told her father so by shaking her head. All
she knew was the intense pain she had felt shoot threw her hand and forearm
was gone now.

"You don't know either, huh, M&M? Wanna see Auntie Washu? Maybe she can tell
us what's wrong," Tenchi asked, cradling Mayuka back into his arms.

Though curious to know what had happened, Mayuka was more concerned about
being alone with her father without the others' interference.  In this
respect she was no different than the older girls currently living in the
Masaki household. 'No way, Daddy, I'm okay now. Let's go for a walk... a
nice long walk,' Mayuka tried to convey.

"No? You don't want to?" Tenchi questioned, again looking deep into his
daughter's eyes. "What say we go for a walk instead?"

Her smile was beatific. 'You read my mind, Daddy. Funny how you can do
that.'

Which is how they found themselves at where Funaho's tree used to be.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

"Tradition?"

Sakuya nodded. "Or to be more precise, that of the throne of Jurai." Sakuya
placed her empty cup down and motioned for a waitress, while Aeka waited
impatiently for her to continue. "Yes, I would like another cup of coffee,"
Sakuya said to the waitress as she approached the table.

"Of course, and you Miss," the waitress asked Aeka. "Would you like some
more tea?"

"No, thank you," Aeka replied more harshly than she should. "You were
saying," Aeka, not so subtly pushed for Sakuya to continue.

Sakuya waited for the waitress to leave before beginning again. "The other
day, a special session of the Jurai Council was held to discuss some issues
brought to light during a news conference concerning the welfare of you and
your sister."

"Yes, I saw that news conference. Washu had recorded it. I am not sure why
it was held in the first place."

"Well, you and Sasami have been away for such a long time, the people were
beginning to worry. It was suggested that the two of you would return to
Jurai within the year. Perhaps for your marriage to Yosho?" Sakuya queried
with a smile. Aeka looked at her blankly. "We can discuss that another
time," Sakuya concluded.

Aeka wanted to ask if Tenchi had been introduced as a member of the House of
Masaki during the news conference or council meeting. Aeka knew Washu was
covering something up. But Aeka restrained herself from asking with great
difficulty. She did not want to be the one to introduce the subject of the
new prince.

"What I want to talk about are the House of Masaki's prospects for keeping
the throne. Imagine, you are one of the citizenry of Jurai; the Crowned
Prince disappears in pursuit of the demon who ravaged Jurai. He even
abandons his betrothed, the First Princess. Then she and her sister
disappear, but the Royal House keeps that a secret. The next thing they hear
is of your engagement to Lord Seiryo Bushi. Now there is no marriage.
Confusing for a peasant isn't it? You agree with the scenario so far?"

"Yes," Aeka said simply.

Sakuya nodded. "Now, the noble families and their representatives on the
Council are wondering who will be next to the throne."

Aeka remained quiet.

"Tradition holds that the one who wields the most power will sit upon the
throne of Jurai, but who is that, Aeka?"

Silence.

"The Emperor insists that that Prince Yosho will follow him to the throne."
Sakuya sipped from her cup and waited for Aeka's reaction. She didn't have
long to wait.

Aeka's eyes widened in shock, "But that's impossible! He could not..." Aeka
abruptly stopped. 'Yosho could not possibly take the throne at his age. What
could Father be thinking?' Aeka needed to talk to Funaho.

"Many on the Council agree with you, but I must say I am surprised to hear
that from you. Have you and Yosho decided not to sit as King and Queen? With
his tree-ship grounded on Earth, it would be easy for someone to challenge
his claim, but still, I thought you would put up more of a fight."

Again Aeka became quiet. 'Does this mean that the Council does not know that
Yosho has aged? How is it that Father still thinks that Yosho can take the
throne? Perhaps he is just stalling the Council.'

Sakuya watched Aeka's mental deliberations with a critical eye. "It was
suggested by the Second Queen that you would serve in Yosho's place if he
were unable, but you too have lost your ship."

"Actually, Ryu-Oh is quite well. I was able to effect repairs on Earth and
Ryu-Oh is once again space worthy." Aeka saw no reason to keep that secret
and was quite pleased with Sakuya's expression upon hearing that revelation.

"Is that so?" Sakuya turned away from Aeka for a moment and gazed out the
café's picturesque window, while she examined how that piece of information
altered things. "I guess the Council was in error to dismiss you and Yosho
so easily." Sakuya wiped her mouth with a napkin and stood. Aeka did the
same.
"I really need to be getting back. I am sure my brother is just dying to
know how you've been."

Aeka reached out a hand, wanting to ask about Tenchi's jacket, but stopped
herself. "Spying for your brother, now are you?" Aeka asked with a giggle
instead.

"Haha, hardly." Sakuya took off Tenchi's jacket, carefully folded it and
placed it on the table in front of Aeka. "We are like sisters, Aeka.
Practically family..."

Without a further word between them, Sakuya and Aeka left the Dijon Café.
For Aeka, her vacation from the roller coaster of Juraian politics was over.
They had found her oasis and weren't likely to leave her alone despite what
she may wish.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Katsuhito Masaki was sweeping the entrance to the Masaki shrine when he was
nearly struck by a blonde projectile. "Are you all right, Mihoshi?" he
asked, bending down to help the young woman to her feet. Mihoshi nodded that
she was indeed, okay. "Then may I ask, what it is your doing?"

"Umm... Well, you see..." Mihoshi began nervously and brushed off the leaves
and dirt that clung to her clothes and hair.

It was then that Ryoko landed next to her.

"Have you seen Tenchi? He needs to set the ditz here straight."

"Oh, about what?" Katsuhito asked, pulling a steaming cup of tea from out of
his robes.

Ryoko stared at him, amazed, as he sat down and began to sip from his tea.
Mihoshi tried to use the opportunity to sneak away, but Ryoko recovered in
time to grab her arm.

"This girl is under the delusion that Tenchi agreed to go out with her,"
Ryoko said incredulously. Mihoshi blushed and lowered her gaze away from
Tenchi's grandfather.

"That's nice," Katsuhito replied and took another sip from his cup. "Where
will you two be going?"

"Huh?" Ryoko was dumbfounded.

Mihoshi's smile was huge when she answered. "The Galaxy Police Ball!"

"Mm," Yosho nodded. "I'm sure Tenchi will enjoy going out into space for a
reason other than battle. You will, of course show my Grandson a good time,
right, Mihoshi? By the way when will you two be leaving?"

"What are you talking about, old man! Tenchi is not taking Mihoshi
anywhere!" Ryoko interjected.

Mihoshi came to attention and saluted. "Tomorrow and I'll do my best!"

"No you won't!"

"I imagine you'll be wearing your dress uniform to the ball?" Katsuhito
asked.

"Hey! Are you listening! Tenchi did not ask her out!"

'I'm going with Tenchi! I'm going with Tenchi!' Mihoshi bounced up and down
and nodded her head in answer to his question.

"Then Tenchi will require something as suitable. Will there be dancing as
well?"

Again Mihoshi just bounced and nodded. With Grandfather on her side, she and
Tenchi were practically at the ball.

Ryoko began to spark with anger and power. "She isn't going to be dancing
with Tenchi. Tenchi IS NOT taking her to any ball!"

"Then Tenchi will need to brush up on his dance steps as well. Hopefully, he
will not embarrass you too much, Lady Mihoshi." Yosho stood and began to
make his way back inside the shrine. "By the way, Mihoshi... Stay out as
long as you like, but be gentle with him. It'll be his first time."
Mihoshi stopped bouncing. "First time what?"

"AAARGGGHHHH" Ryoko screamed in rage and vanished.

Yosho chuckled to himself as he watched both women leave the area of the
shrine. 'I hope you are ready for your introduction, Tenchi. I'm sure Jurai
isn't.' Yosho didn't enter the shrine; instead he went to look for his
grandson. He had a present for him.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Katsuhito found his grandson as he and Mayuka were walking back towards the
house.

"Tenchi! Come to the shrine!" Katsuhito called out. Without further word to
Tenchi, he turned around and headed back.

"What can he want now?" Tenchi wondered aloud. "What do you think?" He asked
Mayuka.

'Beats me,' she replied back with a shrug.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Sakuya had given Aeka a lot to think about and her mind dwelled on several
matters during her trip back to the Masaki residence.

The more Aeka thought about it, the less her brother's reasoning for
abandoning her and the throne made sense.

Wouldn't their marriage have made any arguments on who would be rightful
heir to the throne moot? And as far as his being only half Juraian, the
current First Queen isn't Juraian at all! Why did he wait so long? If life
on Jurai was so trying, why did he not speak with someone? If he could not
approach her about it, surely Funaho would have understood. And would it
have been preferable to confront the problem rather than run from it?

In the past, these thoughts were painful for her to dwell on, but time and
Tenchi had changed that for Aeka. There was no longer a feeling of emptiness
in her heart. Her chest no longer constricted in pain when she recalled the
day Yosho left her alone on Jurai. The only sorrow Aeka felt now concerning
the incident was over not being able to show Tenchi her appreciation for
freeing her from that awful memory. She hugged herself, her fingers
lingering on the soft worn leather of Tenchi's jacket.

Now that she was able to think freely about that time, she came to a
personal conclusion. Yosho wasn't the type of man to run from his problems.
There was more to his reasoning than merely escaping prejudice, but what?

Reaching the walk that surrounded the lake and led to the Masaki doorstep,
Aeka reluctantly removed Tenchi's jacket, folded it neatly, and placed it
underneath her arm. She wasn't sure if her reason for doing so was to avoid
a fight with Ryoko or embarrassment in front of Tenchi.
Upon opening the door, she was immediately rewarded with the smell of
dinner, which Sasami was preparing in the kitchen.  Aeka, however, wasn't
much in the mood for dinner, even one of Sasami's. Sullenly, she made her
way through the house and to the stairs. With a hand on the banister, she
gradually made her way up the stairs. Her mind was a jumble of thoughts and
emotions. The fore most of which was asking Tenchi how the daughter of a
rival family came to be wearing his jacket.

She sighed, standing right outside the door to her and Sasami's bedroom. She
reached out for the door's handle, but didn't open it. What right had she to
question Tenchi? As much as she may want otherwise, Tenchi owed no loyalty
to her. Aeka wearily placed her head against the cool wooden door.

'The throne of Jurai...What an exhausting day' and with that thought Aeka
finally found the strength to slide open her bedroom door. When she picked
up her head and stepped inside, she noticed a figure waiting patiently in
the middle of the room. Abruptly, Aeka turned around, walked out the room
and calmly closed the door behind her. Obviously she had the wrong house or
dimensional plane or something. She walked back downstairs and looked about.
Yes, this was the Masaki residence as she remembered it.

"Sasami!" Aeka called out. "Are you here?"

"I'm in the kitchen, Aeka... Making dinner. Is there something you need?"

"No... no... I was just." Aeka trailed off as she realized that she was
indeed in the right dimension, which would mean...

Aeka raced back out of the room and up the stairs. When she reached the top
and her room, she threw open the door and there he was.

Still standing in the middle of the room with a surprised look on his face,
after Aeka's previous abrupt departure, was Tenchi Masaki. Now, on any
normal occasion, finding Tenchi waiting for her in her room would have been
more than enough cause for Aeka to jump up and down with joy (If she were
the type of person who would ever jump up and down with joy.) This, however,
was on an intrinsically different scale, for it wasn't just Tenchi standing
in the middle of her room, it was Crowned Prince Tenchi, wearing all the
regalia and finery that went with the title. He was wearing a white shirt,
which was underneath a sleeveless over-tunic of dark gray that complemented
his olive skin. It was embossed with a golden leaf design about the neck,
chest, and sleeves of the shirt. Long dark gray trousers with the Master Key
attached and a billowing black cape with dark gray lining completed the
outfit.

Aeka was completely stunned by what she was seeing. Her knees seemed to
liquefy beneath her as they gave out and she collapsed to the floor. With a
brisk snap of his cape, Tenchi was there to hold her up and Aeka knew she
was completely lost to him.

"Aeka, are you all right?" Tenchi asked concerned, kneeling down and looking
into her eyes.

When he offered her his hand, Aeka didn't know what to do. Should she kneel
before someone of higher station? Should she smack herself repeatedly in
order to wake herself from this completely impossible but wondrous dream? Or
should just give in to her impulse to wrestle him to the floor and shower
with kisses and her boundless affection for him? In the end she went with a
composite look of abject astonishment, adoration, and a fish in a fish bowl.

When she didn't answer him, Tenchi became worried that she indeed might be
ill. He placed a hand on her forehead and the other on his own in an attempt
to gage her temperature.

The soft contact of his hand on her skin made Aeka jerk back as if it
carried the plague or something far worse.

Tenchi stood, looking down at Aeka, who was still on the floor, with an
expression that was more concerned than hurt. "Aeka?"

She just stared back at him.

Tenchi began to feel self-conscious. He wasn't at all comfortable in his
attire and Aeka's silence only added to his torment. He probably had his
shirt on backwards or something. "I am sorry," he apologized and started for
the door. "I knew I looked silly," he muttered under his breath.

Aeka heard this and it was enough to break her silence. "W... wait," she
said quietly. Tenchi paused just as he was opening the door.  Standing, Aeka
fixed a stray clump of hair from her face and tried to place a grip on her
emotions. She folded her arms into the folds of her kimono, allowing her to
discretely wipe the sweat from her hands. 'A Princess with sweaty palms,'
she chuckled to herself. She walked towards him, her head canted to the
floor to hide the blush was desperately trying to lose. Reaching him, she
picked up her head and looked him in the eyes, her royal stoicism once again
in place. "Stand up straight," she instructed.

Tenchi did so, beginning to blush himself at Aeka's clinical stare. Aeka
stepped slightly to Tenchi's right and then left before placing her hands on
his shoulders to better align his shirt to their breadth. She then gripped
him by the flanks and pulled down, removing the ruffles and creases.  Aeka
then stepped back to reevaluate him, her thumb pressed against her bottom
lip. She stepped forward and pulled down on his left pants' leg, before
stepping back a second time. She smiled.

'Perfect.'

"So what is the occasion?" Aeka asked, concealing the nervousness she felt.

Tenchi walked over to a full-length mirror than hung on the fall wall of
Aeka's room. Looking at himself and tugging at the collar of his shirt, he
answered her. "Somehow, I agreed to escort Mihoshi to a ball being held by
the Galaxy Police."

Aeka walked over and stood next to him. "It is most likely their official
ball, held annually." She slapped his hand from his collar and straightened
it. "Jurai usually sends a representative from the military to attend."

Tenchi frowned for moment as Aeka retightened his collar. "Yeah, Grandpa
said something like that. He said I couldn't wear just anything there and
gave me this."

"Yosho said you should wear this?"

"Yeah... Is something wrong with it? He said I should have you check it out
after I put it on."

"No... no, you look... your look is quite appropriate," Aeka said with a
slight falter in her voice. 'For a crowned prince.'

Aeka regarded her and Tenchi's reflections in the mirror and recalled her
earlier thoughts of the day. 'Yosho must know what Tenchi's appearance at an
official Galaxy Police function wearing such clothes will do on Jurai. Had
he planned on Tenchi...' She slew that thought for now, losing herself to
the picture before her. He looked so handsome. "You are aware, Lord Tenchi,
that there is normally formal dancing at these types of functions?"

Tenchi gave a nervous chuckle in reply. "Uh... heh... Grandpa mentioned that
too. He... uh... said you could help me with that as well." There was no way
he could conceal the blush as he nervously scratched his head.
Aeka's face reddened as well, but also held a small smile. "Very well, I
will teach you what you need to know," she declared walking to the center of
the room. Her back towards Tenchi, she indulged in a huge toothy grin before
her expression grew stoic once more. "Come here, Lord Tenchi."

Hesitantly, Tenchi stepped in forward and in front of Aeka. He offered her
his hands, making Aeka giggle and turning her back to him again. She could
just imagine the look on his face. "We do it a little differently in the
House of Masaki. This is the first dance I was taught" Still not facing him
she held out her right hand. "First, place your left arm around my waist."

Behind her Tenchi stiffened. "Huh?"

Not looking behind herself, Aeka held out her left hand as well. "Your hand,
Lord Tenchi..."

Tenchi took an awkward step towards her and put his left hand in hers. Aeka
gently took the hand and wrapped it around her waist. Keeping his left hand
firmly in her own, Aeka waved her extended right arm.

Tenchi visibly gulped, taking her right hand and embracing her from behind.
She switched her left hand so that it was over the hand across her front
instead of under. She was so soft. He had never been this close to Aeka
before; he could smell the fragrance of her hair, feel the warmth of body
and the rhythm of her breathing.

"This is the traditional dance of our family. It is only proper that you
learn it," she said quietly. "I will lead." She stepped off with her right
foot and Tenchi followed.

Aeka had expected Ryoko to show up any second and ruin this moment, but it
didn't happen. The room was quiet, the only sound was the enchanting hum of
Aeka's voice as she provided the rhythm for their private dance. The only
witness was the setting sun, its light sneaking in through the windows of
the room to watch this... the first dance of this prince and princess.

They were awkward and slow-footed at first, embarrassed by each other's
touch but as time passed each became lost in their own fantasies and their
trepidations faded with each passing second.

For Aeka it was like an unimaginable dream to be with the man she loved like
this. She leaned back, rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes.
In her mind they danced before the full court, the lulling music of the
royal musicians filling the air. She had forgotten that she was supposed to
be teaching him the dance, but the reason for that was obvious. He already
knew.

In Tenchi's fantasy the setting was far simpler. He was a young child
watching his mother listening to a haunting tune while she cleaned the
house. She approached the young Tenchi and lifted him into her arms.

"I know this dance," Tenchi whispered into Aeka's ear, the breath and warmth
of his voice caressing her cheek. It broke her from daydream.

"Hmm?" She asked opening her eyes and turning her head slightly, but leaving
it on its perch on his shoulder.

"When I was a child," Tenchi continued, his voice as quiet as a breeze. "She
would sometimes hold me like this..." Tenchi's grip around Aeka's slim waist
tightened, bring her fully against him. "And she would laugh and we would
dance through all the rooms of the house waiting for Dad to come home."

And Tenchi stepped off, Aeka firmly in his grasp as he danced in the
traditional style of the House of Masaki as if he had been doing so all his
life. Tears began to well in her eyes as Aeka was glided across the room by
her love. Her breathing became almost labored as her heart threatened to
beat through her chest and fly from the room.

A second witness appeared in the room to watch the pair. She was but a
shadow in the corner, but wondered whether or not the two would notice even
if she did appear in a more substantial way. Yes, Tenchi was a wonderful
dancer. His mother had taught him well, just as Yosho had taught her. He
would be ready...

And so Tenchi danced with his mother, her lifting him into the air...

Tenchi moved his hand across Aeka's waist resting it on her flank. Doing the
same with his other hand, he lifted Aeka effortlessly into the air.

...Tenchi's mother brought her son back down into her loving embrace,
twirling around and around...

Tenchi slowly brought Aeka down, her body sliding against his. His left hand
returning to its home across her front and his right hand to its place in
hers.

Aeka, again let her head rest onto Tenchi, visibly crying now.

...And the dance with his mother ended as it always did...

Tenchi tightened his hold about Aeka's waist even further; his elbow tight
against her left flank and his hand clasped her right side. He let go of her
right hand and with his left twisted her around so that they were finally
facing each other.
Aeka's eyes went wild as Tenchi twisted her about and pulled her snuggly
into a loving embrace. Looking upon his handsome face and gently closed
eyes, Aeka knew she was lost to him. He had to love her too. He just had
to...

...And the mother kissed her son.

When Tenchi opened his eyes, his daydream finished, he found himself looking
into the beautiful and utterly shocked rouge colored eyes of Aeka. Even more
surprising than that for the young man was the fact that he was presently
kissing her. Not directly on the mouth, mind you, but not exactly on the
cheek either. It was a perfectly innocent thing, the sort of kiss a mother
would give a son, but by the look in Aeka's eyes, she wasn't going to buy
that.

So engrossed were they that neither had noticed the camera flash.

Tenchi slowly and cautiously lifted his head from Aeka's, her eyes following
his own as they backed away. Then his hands left her as well, and his body
backed away. Aeka moved not a muscle, made not a sound.

He turned from her and walked to the door. His hand reached for the handle
and froze there. For an eternity nothing moved in the room. One could
imagine even the air stopping.

Finally, Tenchi turned towards Aeka, still standing in the center of the
room, not having moved an inch from when she was in his embrace. He opened
his mouth to speak, but no words came out. Sorry was what he wanted to say.
He opened the door and left.

Tenchi gone, Aeka's legs buckled beneath her and she collapsed to the
ground. She placed one hand on the ground for support and the other against
her raging heart.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

The lights were subdued and the sound of water gently flowing through a
small stream echoed through the deserted ship's bridge. There were only
three people on duty. Normally, or rather "officially" there were supposed
to be a compliment of seven who manned the bridge at all times on a rota
schedule, but invariably as the time aboard ship approached that of night on
Jurai, the crew would begin what they called "Night Watch".

On "Night Watch" the ten crewmembers would work out an internal schedule
amongst themselves. They would either split a single shift into parts, where
for example, three would work for a period of time and then be replaced by
the next three. Or they would have a set number work the entire shift in the
knowledge that another three would pull the watch the next time.

All of this was done below board, as it was against regulation. The reason
being that the rest/work cycle on one ship was not necessarily the rest/work
cycle of an opposing ship and no one wanted to get caught literally with
their eyes closed, but the ship commanders knew what was going on and had
turned a blind eye to the practice. The last time a Juraian ship had been
attacked or seen a battle Jurai hadn't initiated was seven hundred years
ago. Complacently was beginning to sink in. After all, who would attack the
known universe's lone super power?

A part of Ensign Sung wished someone would.

"The time is now ________"

"If you mention the time just once more..." The duty officer let the threat
linger. The last thing he wanted to know was that it would be a long time
before their duty watch was over. And that went double for a young Ensign
who was fighting the dread "Z" monster just a few meters away.

It looked to be that the hardest thing Ensign Sung was going to have to do
during this escort mission was stay awake, which was going to be quite the
challenge. Currently, It was the mid of the "Night Watch" and he was manning
the communication's chair aboard the bridge of the Juraian ship Ryu Ken.
The Ryu Ken was one of a group of ten ships escorting a visiting dignitary
to the Jurai home world.

An imposing sight, a Juraian battle group; reputation alone was enough to
keep them from facing battle. None could stand the might of Jurai's guns
while their own weapons proved so ineffective against their Light Hawk
Wings.

Unless you knew Jurai's secret...

At first he thought he was dreaming, so it took him a good minute to realize
what it was he was hearing. "Sir! We have just received word that the fleet
of ships escorting the queens is under attack," Sung shouted to the duty
officer.

"Shit! What is their status?"

"They report having no difficulties repelling the attack."

'They wouldn't attack the ships escorting the Queen's if they didn't have
some ace up their sleeves,' the duty officer thought.

"Sir? What should we do?"

"Wake the Captain..."

Several light years away, out of the range of the Juraian battle group's
sensor detection, a battle group of another sort watched and waited.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

Life was good.

A year ago, those were words he never thought he would say.

Now, things were very different.

A year ago, Kagato was raping planet after planet. Today, one of the most
wanted criminals in the history of the Galaxy Police was a forgotten memory.
He couldn't remember the last time he heard the name "Kagato" in
conversation. No doubt some of Kagato's victims still cursed his name, the
history and lives of planets and their inhabitants permanently scared. Yet,
it is also true that many others have made a purpose of forgetting and to go
on with their lives, the name "Kagato" passing from the collective
conscious. In so doing they claimed final victory over the perpetually
wanted criminal.

'I wonder,' he began, as he stared up at the ceiling, sitting behind his
desk. 'I wonder if he knew how easily he would be forgotten?  And if he
didn't know, and were somehow told before he committed his first crime...
what would've he done differently? Would he have tried harder? Or would he
have sought a different kind of immortality?' he finished the thought,
picking up the holo-photo of his family. 'Such thoughts, I must *really* be
bored.' Something else he couldn't have said a year ago. He almost wished
something *would* happen.

The entrance chime to his office door rang and he bid his subordinate to
enter the room.

"Chief, did you know that Detective First Class Mihoshi is going to attend
this year's ball?" a female officer asked stinking her head into the room.
"I just wanted to give you a 'head's up', so you would have time to
reinforce the banquet hall's walls."

"Get out of here!" the chief said with jest clear in his voice and threw his
hat at her. She quickly ducked back out of the room, giggling.

A very sweet girl, but oh what a paradigm of chaos and luck combined. Now,
he was lucky if he was able to get in contact with her at all. At first he
was a bit concerned, as was her Grandfather, considering the company she was
keeping, but the Royals on Earth had nothing but praise for her. He was
happy for her and though he hated to admit it, happy she was stationed light
years away.

He stood from behind his desk and stretched. He was putting it off long
enough. Not all of his troubles had been lifted from his shoulders and this
enemy wasn't going anywhere anytime soon.

He removed his uniform jacket and shirt, leaving himself in his undershirt.
He kept his eyes level with his perennial opponent who was scoffing at him
in its corner of the office. The Chief cracked his knuckles and unclasped
his pants. Stepping out them he kicked his uniform pants to the opposite
side of the room and took a bold step toward his enemy.

"Chief," his female sectary said again poking her head into the room. "This
report for Capt. Tren just arrived but he is out sick..." She paused when
she saw the Chief in his skivvies staring with unbridled hate at his dress
uniform hanging menacingly across from him.

"I'll take a look at it for him later. I need to be alone now," the chief
said solemnly.

His aide nodded her understanding and left the room without another word,
but not before locking it. These things were a private battle, as she well
understood. She had her own to fight. You would think that with all today's
knowledge, they could design a dress uniform that wasn't a torture device;
but as she heard the Chief's grunts and curses through the walls, she knew
that was little more than a pipe dream.

It was a good thing the Galaxy Police Benevolence Ball was a once a year
affair.

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

It's good to be the king...

...Or so some people think; people who have never had to deal with the
backstabbing and politicking no doubt. Being the king was no picnic. In
fact, he knew of only one job that was worse...

...Much *much* worse...

Any father of a teenage daughter will attest to it.

"Father... I am with child."

The reaction to those words in the Royal Throne Room on planet Jurai was
varied. Funaho smiled. Misaki gushed. Azusa froze.

"Oh, my baby is going to have a baby," Misaki said running towards a timidly
smiling Aeka. Pausing in front of her daughter and shaking with excitement,
she cautiously reached out and gave Aeka a gentle hug.

Funaho took a more leisurely course and hugged Aeka as well. All three women
turned towards the throne and the still frozen man sitting on it.

"Father..."

He'd lost. There was no other way of looking at it. No matter how much he
thought that this *boy* was wrong for her. No matter that she was raised,
the First Princess of a galactic empire and he was raised to pick carrots.
No matter that she was his precious daughter and he just wanted the best for
her. What he did he know? He was just her FATHER!

And as such, he knew he that he had to be happy for her. So he did what
father's do. He persevered. He would be happy for his daughter.  He would be
happy for his daughter. Happy. Happy. Happy.

Azusa stood stoically and after several false starts plastered a smile on
his face. He mechanically raised his arms and reached out to his eldest
daughter.

Aeka, slowly at first and then with more enthusiasm, rushed to her father
and embraced him.

'If this is the man Aeka has chosen, then I will just have to live with
that. But he will not have the throne. I stand resolute on that matter.
Yosho will be the next King of Jurai,' Azusa thought begrudgingly, belying
the smile he offered Aeka.  "I'm... so happy for you, Aeka," he said with
great effort. "We will hold the wedding on Earth and..."

"Um," Aeka began blushingly. "Lord Tenchi hasn't decided who he will marry
yet."

"What?" Azusa said with disbelief.

"Lord Tenchi says that it is too soon. He has yet to find himself as a man
and what his purpose in life is. He would also like to sleep with Mihoshi
and Washu a few more times before coming to a decision."

Azusa looked at her as if she were insane. Aeka just smiled back at him as
if she had just said the sky was blue.

Funaho walked up to the pair and placed an arm around Aeka's shoulders. "I
think that is very sensible of him," she commented approvingly.

Azusa stared at her. "You are joking..."

Misaki approached as well. "Such a thoughtful young man! Don't you think so,
Honey?" Misaki directed toward her husband, before turning her attention
back to her daughter. "Now, Aeka dear, do your best to win him over!" She
finished with another gentle hug of the expectant mother.

Azusa looked back and forth at his two wives and then his eldest daughter.
"Am I the only sane person in this room! How dare he toy with my daughter!"

The three women ignored his ranting and discussed ways to ensure that Aeka
was the one Tenchi chose.

"He will not disgrace this family! That boy will not ruin the House of
Misaki! Someone *LISTEN* to *ME*! What has this boy done to ensnare everyone
so? Can you not see that he is nothing? Unworthy of all the attention you
waste upon him..." He stepped forward, his two wives making way for him. He
placed both hands on Aeka's shoulders and his eyes pleaded with her to see
reason. "Aeka, please... he..."

"I will have no man save Lord Tenchi," Aeka said firmly.

Azusa began to shake with unbridled anger as his daughter looked at him
unwaveringly. How had this boy come to have such control over his family!
His rage boiled out of his control. "AEKA!"

"Father..."

Azusa's tantrum was interrupted by a new voice in the Royal Throne Room. The
three women and irate father turned to see little Sasami standing shyly
behind them.

"Um, Father, I have something to tell you," Sasami said looking at the
floor. When she finally looked up, her entire face was red but still she had
a telltale smile on her face.

Misaki was ecstatic. "SASAMI! Don't tell me! My little baby's gonna..."

Sasami nodded.

Funaho was pleased as well. With two girls in contention, their odds had
just increased. All four women turned to their Emperor. "Well, Dear..."
Funaho began. " What do you think of Tenchi now?"

Words could not describe what he thought of Tenchi Masaki. "* NEVER! *" His
scream could be heard through out the palace. " I WILL NOT ALLOW IT! NEVER!
NEVER! GUARDS! GUARDS! BRING ME THE HEAD OF TENCHI MASAKI!"

The two guards stationed near the Royal Bedchambers hesitated when they
heard the scream. They could tell by the volume and pitch that is was the
Emperor Azusa and that he was yelling in terror. However such screams were
commonplace coming from that particular room. Then they remembered that both
queens were away and rushed to the door.

"GUARDS!" the King screamed.

The two knights burst through the door and found their King yelling in his
sleep, clutching Misaki tenaciously to his chest. No other danger evident in
the room, the two guards soon found their eyes glued to Misaki's soft
curves. They stood transfixed by her.

With one final burst of "You shall have neither of my daughters, you carrot
plucker!" Azusa rose from his nightmare. He let out a heavy sigh and found
solace gently rubbing Misaki's back. As the horror of his dream left him,
Azusa finally noticed the two sentries and their unabashed stares at the
woman in his arms. As Misaki was in a slight state of undress, he quickly
shielded her with his body.

They're glorious view of heaven removed, the guards too returned to reality.
"Milord," the senior of the two guards began. Now he wasn't sure if he
should suggest that the emperor of the universe's greatest empire had just
screamed, so he applied a little discretion. "We heard your battle cry and
rushed to assist you."

Azusa put a hand to his mouth and cleared his throat. "A... hmm...that was
not necessary, I was merely dreaming of one of my great battles and yelled
victoriously in my sleep." He turned away from the guards in hopes of hiding
his embarrassment, then remembered Misaki and brought her quickly around to
his front again. While not as... cuddly... as the original, 'Plushie' Misaki
was better than no Misaki and he still didn't want anyone else looking at
her. That's why he had all likenesses of her outlawed.

"Of course, Milord. We will return to our post." The two guards bowed low
and backed towards the door, grumbling. It was cruel enough that he had the
real thing, but he even had to monopolize Misaki in plushie form. They would
gladly die just to hold 'Plushie' Misaki once. What they would do for the
real Misaki was the stuff of legend and black market erotic holo-discs.

Back in his room, Azusa was still trying to deal with his dream. Why
couldn't they see what he saw? Why couldn't his daughters understand that he
only wanted the best for them and that Tenchi Masaki wasn't it! He could
only hope in time they would come to their senses, before something truly
horrid happened. He shivered recalling his dream.

Still, he currently had other concerns. It was at times like this he would
turn to 'Plushie' Funaho for advice. When he found out who kidnapped her,
they would pay dearly. Who knew what god-awful things they were doing to
her. Well, he knew what he did with her and by his throne they better not be
doing that! Placing 'Plushie' Misaki gently on the bed, he then walked over
to his comm. window.

It was a bit early in the morning, but it was his prerogative as emperor to
annoy people and he wanted to check up on his little project. It just so
happened however that the recipient of his call was awake and hard at work.

In his lab, Yakage turned from examining the data on the display in front of
him when a vid-window of the Emperor appeared overhead.

"Yakage."

"Yes, my Emperor," Yakage replied with a bow.

"How goes it?"

Yakage raised himself from the floor. "I have just completed a field test.
Both Minagi and our other project performed flawlessly. They went completely
undetected and were able to perform a number of difficult tasks without
Jurai's military's knowledge (or yours for that matter). We can introduce
them to the fleet at your leisure."

"Well done! We will finally be able to put those obstinate lords in their
place. With this all, of Jurai's strategic problems are solved. They will
have no hope of unseating me. Now, all that needs to be done is to announce
'phase two' of my plan." Azusa let out a breath; it was good to get that
worry behind him. "Yakage, you've done well and will be rewarded greatly for
your loyalty to the throne and the House of Masaki."

"Thank you, Milord. You do me too much honor."

"Have both weapons ready in two days. We will cement Yosho's place as my
successor and the legacy of the House of Masaki." Having said that, Azusa
closed the connection.

"Weapon," Yakage repeated the word with disdain. "She is no weapon." He
returned to his data and displays, putting the finishing touches on his
greatest of achievements. Minagi was perfect and soon the universe would
know it. He looked next to his monitor and the 'Plushie' Funaho sitting
there with its puzzling expression... a smile... a frown. He often wondered
what she was thinking... such a beautiful enigma, Funaho Jurai Masaki.

<><><><><><><><><><><>

Currently, Funaho Jurai Misaki was thinking, 'What the hell is going on?'
but not in those words. Sitting in a brook-like setting aboard her
tree-ship, Funaho thought about recent events and the ambush that seemed to
end as quickly as it began.

It wasn't that she didn't truly enjoy her job or relish the games of
political chess, but she was beginning to feel the overwork. Maybe she was
seeing plots and conspiracies where there were none.

Funaho reclined back on to the grass and peered up into the beautiful blue
artificial sky. Resting the back of her right hand on her forehead, she let
the other dangle in the cool waters of the stream that encircled the tree
that was the heart of her ship. Right now, all she wanted to feel was the
strong arms of her husband around her and to forget about everything else...
just for a little while.

'Just for a little while... If I could hold her, just for a little while.'
He sighed heavily, his arms hanging loosely at his sides. He turned away
from the view of Queen Funaho in her Eden. The gods themselves couldn't have
painted a more perfect portrait. He couldn't look at her anymore and not
think about touching her... having her. It really was akin to torture. He
balled his hands into fist and once more looked upon his queen from his
hiding place. When she arched her back, stretching the kinks out of her long
frame, he was sure he would die.

Funaho squirmed on the ground trying to get the blood flowing again in her
lazy sleep gone limbs. 'So a couple of noble families were complaining about
Azusa's supposed incompetence. Nothing appears to have been accomplished at
their little meeting,' she thought while arching her back. 'Azusa's little
display in the Royal Throne room was disconcerting, but maybe Washu and
Ryoko wouldn't learn of it. Both showed little interest in Jurai or its
politics. And perhaps the pirate raid was merely their periodic testing of
Jurai defenses or maybe they were just bored.'

...And maybe she should become an erotic dancer.

She quickly came to her feet, straightening her robes and removing the stray
twigs from her hair. They were all scheming and conniving up some plot and
for nothing less than the Jurai throne. She could smell the treachery in the
air. With determined steps she strode to where her sister was staying aboard
ship, not noticing her admirer slip deeper into the shadows. Now that she
and her sister were on their way to Earth, it was time to end the guessing.

Their family needed to present a united front. The succession of the House
of Masaki was a mystery she couldn't afford to indulge in

<><><><><><>.

Even though Misaki wasn't in her room, it didn't take Funaho long to find
her sister. And she didn't even have to ask her tree. The line of guards
standing outside the exercise room was evidence enough.

"NEXT!" Misaki's voice ordered from inside the room. Apparently, the recent
raid had gotten her blood flowing and ended far too quickly. She was
expending a little bit of that extra energy sparring with some of the
guards. The guard who flew through the air, impacted into the wall and
nearly hit Funaho as she entered the room told her that Misaki still had a
ways to go before that energy was exhausted.

"She... she touched me," the guard said breathless before passing out. His
fellows would be forever jealous of his broken arm and cracked ribs.

Funaho shook her head and let out a chuckle. What men wouldn't do for
Misaki. "You should be ashamed of yourself."

Misaki lifted her head to see her sister but maintained the chokehold she
had on her current sparring partner, who wouldn't have had it any other way.
"Just the person I wanted to see! I want to ask your opinion about
something."

"Oh?" Funaho asked walking up to the duo. Reaching the now limp guard, she
raised one of his arms, and then let it drop. "What about?" Funaho asked
repeating the procedure two more times. On the third try, the arm fell
lifelessly half way to the floor before becoming rigid and shaking. Misaki
tightened her hold.

"There is something I want to show you! I'm sure you'll like it! It is just
the cutest thing!" Misaki beamed.

Again, Funaho thrice raised the guard's arm and then let it fall. This time
there was no resistance. Misaki gently let the guard down on the floor,
blissfully unconscious.

"Ok! I can show you now!" Misaki said beginning to bubble with excitement.
She grabbed her sister's hand and hauled her out of the room. "That's all
for today, guys! Thanks!" Misaki called over her shoulder to the still quite
long line of men, all of who cursed under their breath and dragged the lucky
few of their members who had gotten to duel with Queen Misaki to the
infirmary.

Reaching her room, Misaki pushed Funaho inside and closed the door. She then
rushed past her to a package that rested on top of her bed. "Ok! Now close
your eyes and put out your hands," Misaki instructed Funaho.

Funaho blinked twice, a curious expression on her face before closing her
eyes and putting out both of hands. It took a moment for Misaki to calm down
enough to show Funaho her surprise. The whole prospect of it had her excited
beyond words. She ripped the item from off of the bed and embracing her
sister from behind dropped the package into her hands.

When Funaho felt the package touch her hands she opened her eyes and
carefully unwrapped the small oblong box. Inside was a small light blue
jumper just perfect for a newborn prince of Jurai. Funaho smiled at the
clothing then canted her head to address Misaki who was still hugging her
from behind. "Sister, don't tell me... you're."

"Isn't it just *perfect*! I can't *wait* to show it to Aeka and Tenchi!"
Misaki exclaimed.

"Aeka and Tenchi?" Funaho asked, removing herself from her sister's embrace
and turning to face her. "What do you mean?" Apparently, Funaho had gotten
the wrong idea.

"Why, its for their baby of course!" Misaki proclaimed as though it had been
obvious. "I was thinking that we should name him Kawaii."

"Kawaii? Is that a boy's name?" Funaho shook that thought as unimportant.
"Misaki..." Funaho began in her 'about to give a lecture voice'.

"I know... I know, what if it's a girl, right?" Misaki walked over to her
sister and took the jumper. "See?" she asked, manipulating the material some
way. "Now, it's pink and just too adorable!" She hugged the jumper to her
chest. "If it's a girl, we can name her Ai! Ai Masaki! Doesn't that name
just scream princess to you!"

Funaho could sense where this conversation was headed with building dread.
"Misaki... don't you think you are getting a bit a head of yourself? I
mean..."

"No, no, I don't think so," Misaki said, abruptly turning away from Funaho.
"Tenchi and my Aeka have been seeing each other for over a year now."

"I do not know if I would word their relationship that way."

"Oh? And how would *you* word it?" Misaki asked, her back still facing
Funaho.

Funaho took a deep breath and took one more step into the minefield.
"Well... I think it is obvious that Aeka has feelings for Tenchi."

At this, Misaki nodded. "They are more than feelings. You saw how she stood
up to Azusa Dear. When had she ever done that before? And how she stood next
to Tenchi, holding his arm. My little Aeka is normally so shy!"

"Yes, I agree. Aeka is very much in love with Tenchi," Funaho conceded.

"Good, then that settles that!" Misaki said claiming victory and placing
both hands on her hips. "Do you think they would prefer a wedding on Earth
or Jurai?"

Funaho steeled her courage and took another step. "But... Tenchi..."

"What about Tenchi?" Misaki asked, her voice losing its normal warmth.

Funaho gulped and probed further, knowing that the conversation was about to
blow up in her face, but hoping that it wouldn't. "I don't think Tenchi..."

*BOOM*

"I see! You don't think my daughter is good enough for your Great-grandson."
Misaki accused turning hard on Funaho.

"I never said that!" Funaho backpedaled. This was Misaki's trump card. She
used it rarely and Funaho had no defense against it.

"I mean if she wasn't good enough for your Yosho, surely she isn't good
enough for he who can summon the Wings of the Light Hawk, right?" Misaki
clasped her hands in empathy. "My poor little Aeka, you tried so hard! You
even colored your beautiful blue hair, trying to please your Yosho... and
still he dumped you without so much as a goodbye." Misaki's eyes narrowed
accusingly at Funaho. "But you carried on, my little Aeka! Even in the face
of Yosho's lame old man guise, you persevered and found a new love, my
strong little Aeka."

"I've spoken to him about that. How long will you hold that against me? He's
sorry. When will you cease being angry about that? You didn't even speak to
my son when we last visited Earth." Funaho pled, dropping to the floor,
looking pitifully up at her sister

"I'm not angry. I'm sorry if I did not greet Yosho, but you'll have to
forgive me if I was more concerned with Aeka. After all, she was the one was
abandoned." Misaki directed her gaze away from her sister. "What was wrong
with her again? Not pretty enough or maybe she wasn't smart enough. Maybe
she takes after her mother a bit too much," Misaki finished her supposition
with a hand beneath her chin and the other on her hip in a thoughtful pose.

Funaho drooped further, shaking her head and placing both hands on the
floor. "None of those things are true. I am just saying that we shouldn't
push it. We are going to Earth to bring Aeka and Tenchi back, right?" She
asked, still looking at the floor. "It will be difficult enough just
accomplishing that."

"Are you sure your Tenchi will want to be seen with my Aeka?"

"M.... Mi... Misaki..."

"What is so wrong with my Aeka marrying your Tenchi?"
Again Funaho shook her head to indicate the contrary. "Nothing, absolutely
nothing. Misaki, I would be very happy if my great grandson married your
daughter. I think they compliment each other very well and together they
comprise the House of Masaki's best chance of remaining the royal house."

Misaki remained silent and Funaho continued.

"But it is too soon! First we get Tenchi to come to Jurai; Aeka will surely
follow (not to mention a host of others). Then we can begin to introduce
Tenchi to the idea of being emperor and introduce Jurai to the idea as
well."

"Wouldn't that task be much simpler if Aeka and Tenchi were married? How
could Jurai reject the husband of their First Princess? How can Tenchi
reject the home world of his love?"

Funaho rolled that theory around in her head. It was a bit naïve, but it had
merit. Aeka, as well as Sasami, were adored on Jurai. Her popularity could
go a long way in countering any xenophobia Juraians (the reasonable ones)
may have towards Tenchi, at the very least affording Tenchi enough time to
engrave himself upon the people.

Misaki saw the contemplative look on her sister's face and a small smile
began to form on her own. But a for a third time Funaho began to shake her
head and Misaki frowned. Apparently, her sister needed another push.

"No... No, Misaki it will not work. The root problem still remains," Funaho
reasoned. "I just don't think Tenchi is thinking of Aeka as a potential wife
right now. Tenchi isn't thinking about marriage, period."

Misaki dropped to her knees to the front of Funaho and placed both hands on
her sister's shoulders. "That's where *you* come in."

"Me?" Funaho looked at Misaki questioningly.

"You want to see them married. I want to see them married. Little Aeka wants
it so badly! All you have to do is take Tenchi's blinders off!"

"Me?"  Funaho said, standing.

Misaki stood as well. "Who else? Without doubt, the woman who has led
Jurai's intelligence community and is a trusted advisor to not only the
Emperor, but many an important noble, can aid a young impressionable young
man to see the obvious."

Funaho looked at Misaki sidelong.

"I know what you're thinking. You are thinking it's wrong to force this on
Tenchi, but my little Aeka can make him happy. If he's happy, where is the
harm? You can do it, Sister! You can make my little Aeka happy!"

"I... I don't know, Misaki." Funaho turned to face the door, deep in
thought. "What about the others? It would appear Aeka isn't the only to have
an interest in Tenchi."

Misaki hugged her sister from behind. "Oh, you'll think of something. I'm
sure of it!"

"Hmm..."

"You *do* think your Tenchi would be happy with my little Aeka, don't you?"
Misaki held her sister at arms length and again glared at Funaho, who
grimaced before smiling a moment later. "Good, that settles it," Misaki
proclaimed and released Funaho. "I'm hungry let's get something to eat!"

Watching as Misaki made her way to the room's door, Funaho had a thought.
"You planned this from the beginning. You are so mean and inconsiderate to
me, Misaki."

Misaki paused, "I have no idea what you mean."

"I mean you purposely manipulated my feelings!"

"Oh, don't be so prissy. I'm just looking after my little girl," Misaki's
voice came from the hall.

"See! That's what I mean, inconsiderate!" Funaho whined, following her
sister. "I want Aeka to be happy too you know."

<><><><><><><><><><><><><>

She stood off to the side as she often did and watched them. And she
thought...

Here it was.

This was the start.

The culmination of several centuries of planning.

And Now was to be the true beginning.

Here are on this backwater world.

In front of the lake, stood one proud man. Noboyuki Masaki's tears could
have flooded the Heavens, as it was he was having difficulty seeing the
image on his digital camcorders view screen. His beloved and only son was
going on a date with a beautiful exotic woman, reason enough for Noboyuki to
be proud...

...But there was something else.

His father walked up and stood next to him. Together the two men watched the
future walk out the front door.

Aeka was first to step through the threshold. She looked nothing like the
first princess of a galactic empire; no, nothing as pedestrian as that. No
one short of a goddess could have stood next to her and even they would have
had jealously in their eyes. Aeka's supple frame was hidden beneath
billowing layers of white and wine colored cloth. The train of her robes
trailed elegantly behind her, acting as coach for her long locks of purple
hair.

Following on the heals of this goddess was the devil. Not even the most
righteous and orthodox of men would have been able to look into this
bewitching woman's golden eyes and not been beguiled by her. They wouldn't
have hesitated a moment to offer their souls and all they were to her just
to see those eyes turn their way, to hear her fiery smoldering voice speak
their name. In the dress she wore her beauty could have cause angels to weep
in envy.  She wore a dress that was a dichotomy of propriety and
seductiveness. It was blood red, full-length dress. Both the front and back
had V-shaped openings, allowing the unfortunate a torturous view of her
meticulously sculpted back, the two hemisphere's of her breast, her perfect
waist, and just glimpse of the heaven and hell that lied below. Two slits
that ran the length of the remainder of the dress allowed the damned to
witness what they could never touch.

Aeka and Ryoko

Sugar and Spice

A seductress of Heaven and an angel of Hell

Out next was the only thing that could unite the two. Wearing the
arraignment of the crowned prince of planet Jurai (not that he knew that),
Tenchi Masaki stepped out of his home.

Noboyuki with his camera still grafted to him, approached his son.

"I don't say it nearly enough, son. You make me so proud. I am sure your
mother is smiling down at you in Heaven," Noboyuki said with tears in his
eyes. He reached into a pocket with his free hand and gave Tenchi the small
package he had retrieved. "Be sure to give her a good show!"

Tenchi looked at the small box and blushed fiercely. "DAD!"

Noboyuki was already gone, capturing the visions of Ryoko and Aeka for the
sake of prosperity.

Aeka smiled demurely at the camera, but her eyes showed an enormous amount
of pride. Whether he knew it or not, Tenchi had made an important decision
and taken a major step toward the Empire of Jurai.

Outwardly, Ryoko's demeanor showed her usual air of confidence, but
underneath that mask was a woman very afraid. Though she didn't like to show
it, Ryoko had a great deal of her mother's intelligence and one didn't need
to have Washu's analytical ability to see that things had taken a turn.

Tenchi walked up between Aeka and Ryoko and frowned at the sight of the two
beautifully dressed women.

"Why are you two dressed like that?' He said with a tired voice.

"No reason."

"I always dress like this."

"You two promised that you wouldn't cause any trouble," Tenchi reminded the
pair.

Both Aeka and Ryoko avoided his gaze and looked off into opposite
directions. Tenchi gave an audible sigh, but internally he smiled at them.

"Where is Mihoshi?" Tenchi wondered noticing the lateness of the afternoon.
"We're going to have to leave soon if we're going to make it there on time.

It was then that Mihoshi appeared in a ball of light. She was painstakingly
dressed in all the finery of the Galaxy Police. Not an award, not a medal
was so much as a millimeter out of place. Not the most anal of inspectors
could have found fault with her uniform. Completely contrary to her usual
appearance, today she was setting the standard.

The only thing that broke the image were the tears in her eyes, the smudges
on her face and the shaking of her shoulders as she tried her best to keep
what was left of her composure.

"Mihoshi, what's wrong?" Tenchi asked rushing up to her.

She looked at him and how handsome he looked in all his finery and broke
down completely. "Yu... Yu... Yukinojo's engines are broken!"

"What? How?"

"I... I don't know. He was fine yesterday, but now somehow the injectors are
fused. It would take hours even for Washu to fix them."

"Oh... too bad, I'll guess you guys can't go," Ryoko interjected with an
obvious pout. She floated over to Tenchi and embraced him about the neck.
"Why don't you take that silly outfit off and let's you and me have our own
little date."

"One wonders how Yukinojo came to be damaged," Aeka wondered out loud and
glanced over to Ryoko, who made a point of looking innocent.

"Couldn't we borrow, Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko? I promise that when Mihoshi and I get
back that you and I can do something together," Tenchi asked, turning to
Ryoko, who still clung to him about the shoulders.

Tempting... real tempting, but as handsome as he looked in the arraignment
of the crowned prince, Ryoko just didn't like the implications of it.
"You've already promised that, but I'd consider it for..." She whispered the
rest in his ear. She knew he wouldn't go for it and if he did, well who
cared about some silly date.

It would be difficult to call Tenchi's reaction a blush, as that quite
didn't condone the magnitude of his shock. He pinched his nosed closed and
tried to keep the little blood that had escaped from staining his clothes.
Ryoko snickered at his reaction and vowed to herself to cure him of that
particular affliction. "I take that is a 'no' then," she said with a chuckle
and let Tenchi go.

"Aeka?" Tenchi asked with a nasal tone; his nose still pinched closed.
Mihoshi looked at her hopefully.

Ryoko glared at Aeka and Aeka glared back. "No, I am afraid that Ryu-Oh is
not quite ready for such a trip."

Ryoko was surprised by that answer, but Aeka had her own reservations about
Tenchi going out with Mihoshi that were clouding her overall judgment. Love
sometimes did that.

With all avenues lost to her Mihoshi once again broke down into a fit of
tears. She rushed over to Tenchi and cried onto his shoulders. Ryoko and
Aeka were about to protest when Tenchi did the unusual and silenced them
with a stare.

"I am sorry, Mihoshi. I wished I had a ship to take you there, but I..."

Before Tenchi could finish, the sky above the Misaki house began to darken.
It did not taken long for Ryoko or Aeka to realize what was happening, but
neither could believe it. Mihoshi was too bereft to notice and Tenchi didn't
know what he was looking at.

It was Washu, running out of the house, who stated the obvious for Tenchi
and Mihoshi as a hole into subspace open above them in a hale of lighting
and thunder.

"It's a ship..." Washu stated looking down at her keyboard.

When the ship fully emerged, both Aeka and Ryoko were nearly floored by the
appearance of the stately Juraian vessel. It was a ship both knew well and
neither had would have believed that they would ever see it again, whole and
as pristine as the day it was constructed.

In Tenchi's mind a voice echoed its greeting.

'Hello, my Prince, you have need of me?'

Off in her corner, watching them as always, she smiled at the looks on their
faces. She knew they would be surprised, as would the rest of the galaxy.
Now, she just had to develop that picture of Aeka and Tenchi. She was sure
Noboyuki and Misaki would appreciate it.
