Perfect Circle
Chapter 1: Circular Light
By Karlmarks

--------------------Notes--------------------
   First, the standard disclaimer.  I don't own any of the Tenchi Muyo 
characters or universe elements.  These are the intellectual property of 
Pioneer. That was pretty simple.
   Additionally, I'd like to thank everybody in the #tenchiff channel on IRC, 
especially Davner and Zyraen, for providing ideas that helped my write my first 
"everyday life" scenes; without them this story wouldn't have worked at all.  
   "Perfect Circle," the series which you are currently reading, takes place in 
something similar to the TV version of the Tenchi Muyo universe, before the main 
characters have leave Earth.  Assume the plots of the official TV universe and 
that of "Perfect Circle" to have diverged at that point.  I've employed a small 
bit of poetic license, but nothing too major.  "Nightmare," the prologue of 
"Perfect Circle," took place 3 years before this, the first chapter.  It's 
essential to have first read "Nightmare" for "Circular Light" to make any sense.
   Conventions--"*"s around a *word* or *a phrase* indicate emphasis.  <Text 
contained in brackets> represents a character's thoughts.  A line of three "*"s
				***
such as this represents a time change or major scene change.  Infrequently I've 
intentionally not capitalized the first word in dialogue; this denotes a sort of 
lack of emphasis or attention.  Characters here don't always speak with correct 
grammar and such, but neither do most people in real life.  Just making sure I'm 
understood--
   And, the standard Karlmarks disclaimer: In the words of Matt Collins of Eve 
6, "I promise not to try not to fuck with your mind."
   And we begin! 
----------------End Of Notes-----------------



   Gray-blue hair swirled across the universe like a destructive supernova.  
Tenchi's dark eyes fixed on it in a trance as he stepped out of a star and 
walked toward the demon.  She smiled cruelly as he stepped into her welcoming 
embrace.  "Ryoko.  Ever since I first saw you I've known I loved you.  Please, 
just be with me.  Be with me forever!  Make my life complete!"  
   "I will, my love.  I will!"  Ryoko laughed to herself as she held Tenchi to 
her chest, carefully positioning her breasts for maximum effect.  Lord Tenchi 
would be her slave forever.  "The first thing we need to do is tell Aeka," she 
suggested, exposing her fangs in a predatory grin.
   Aeka gasped as she woke up.  Sweat drenched her violet hair as the princess 
sat upright.  Why did these nightmares persist?  Tenchi could not possibly be 
attracted to that woman!  She glanced at the clock to her left; it was 3:30 in 
the morning.  Shivering, Aeka closed her eyes and tried to go back to sleep.

					***

   The sky was a shade of pale gray-blue nearly that of her hair.  Ryoko, 
pirate, adventurer, and houseguest of the Masakis shook that hair back from her 
face as she stared at the sunrise.  She wasn't lost in thought or contemplation, 
she simply watched the scene in silence.  
   It seemed that every day there was less time.  Ryoko found herself sleeping 
twelve hours or more each day.  When she was awake, everything was...different.  
Faraway.  Her link to Ryo-ohki was increasingly difficult to pay attention to.  
It seemed the only time she could focus on life was when she was with Tenchi.  
His face, his voice, his eyes; everything about him demanded her complete 
attention.
   It had been a week since the trouble started.  At first Ryoko had decided 
that the strain of the need to appear constantly perfect with Tenchi around was 
responsible for her lack of energy.  The more she thought about it, the less 
that made sense.  She, the greatest pirate in the universe, worn out by this?  
It was probably time to get help.  Perhaps Washu could give her something for 
it.  Ryoko turned to walk back to the Masaki house.

					***

   "I wonder where Ryoko is," Tenchi mused aloud.  She hadn't shown up for 
breakfast, which was, well, odd for one who ate as she did.  
   <Probably passed out after too much sake,> Aeka's thoughts answered.  But 
before she could speak it aloud footsteps clattered on the wooden floor behind 
her.
   Tenchi's eyes widened as he saw Ryoko standing in the doorway.  "hey," she 
spoke without intonation, "has anyone seen....washu?"  The room wavered slightly 
as it turned a deep purple.  She held her left hand against the wall to keep her 
balance as the purple deepened towards black.  She fell toward the door frame 
she was using for support.  Aeka turned around in her chair in time to see Ryoko 
slump to the floor.
   "She--Somebody get Washu!" Tenchi shouted.  Sasami jumped to her feet and ran 
from the room, presumably to summon the scientist.  Tenchi knelt by Ryoko and 
tried to check for a pulse.  She didn't seem to have one, but that was probably 
just her alien physiology.  Looking closer, he could tell she was breathing.  
"Ryoko!  Can you hear me?  What's wrong?" he shouted desperately.  
   "no...let me sleep...go away..." she muttered.  Her face was soaked in sweat 
and her breath was rapid and shallow.  Aeka joined them on the floor, a look of 
concern twisting her face.
   "What's wrong?" Washu asked, standing with the wide-eyed Sasami above the 
three on the floor.  "What happened to Ryoko?" 
   "She just...collapsed!" Tenchi answered.  
   "Well, we should get her to my lab," advised the scientist.
   Various specimens, pieces of equipment, and other objects were strewn around 
Washu's lab in seemingly random fashion.  Ryoko was stretched out on a scannning 
device close to the main computer terminal, a holographic readout rotating above 
her.  Washu herself was typing rapidly on a gray keyboard that had materialized 
beneath her fingers.  
   "Ahhhh...I see...mmm-hmmm...taking into account the halflife..."  Her fingers 
flew across the device as she stared intently at the scanner readouts.  Displays 
popped up in front of her face, with fast-scrolling text accompanied by pictures 
of Ryoko, a vast chain of chemical bonds, and a 3d projection of a living cell.
   Finally, Washu turned to face the group.  Nobuyuki and Katsuhito had followed 
the others into the lab; all the residents of the Masaki household watched the 
scientist attentively. "Well?" Tenchi asked the scientist.
   "Ryoko is suffering from a dangerous local virus responsible for killing 
millions of you humans.  I believe it's referred to as "influenza" or "the flu," 
Washu said gravely.  
   "The flu?" Tenchi exclaimed, incredulous.  "Little Washu, you can't be 
serious!  What's *really* wrong with her?"
   "Tenchi, I'm serious.  Her physiology is totally unequipped to deal with 
Earth diseases.  If it weren't for how powerful she is, she'd never survive it.  
Still, she can probably heal herself within a week or so."  Washu seemed 
unconcerned, but, for Washu, that was normal.  
   "What about everyone else?  Why aren't they sick, too?" Tenchi asked.  
   "Aeka and Sasami have had their immune systems re-engineered to prevent 
assassination attempts.  I've tweaked so many parts of my physiology I'm no 
longer technically myself under some legal systems.  But Ryoko's 'job' as a 
space pirate doesn't require her to be on planets without normal medical 
facilities for long periods of time, so she never needed to worry about this.  
Until now, of course."  Washu explained.
   "Well, isn't there something *the greatest scientist in the galaxy* can do to 
help Ryoko?" Sasami asked hopefully.
   "Universe," corrected Washu.  "And I'd like this opportunity to study her 
weakened state, as well.  We never know when this data might come in handy.  
It's best just to let the disease run its course."

					***

   Detective First Class Kiyone was not in a good mood.  Even disregarding money 
(specifically, the lack thereof), boredom, and employment problems, today was 
not working out.  By now, she expected Mihoshi to make at least two or three 
major mistakes each day, but a general sense of futility had been hovering over 
her life lately, and she simply lacked the patience to deal with such things.  
   "But Kiyone, it said all you had to do was microwave it!  I swear, there 
wasn't anything in the directions about taking it out of the can!  How do you 
expect me to know about all this local technology?"  Nearly the last of their 
money had been spent on the instant cooking machine.  The once-gleaming 
primitive electromagnetic heating device was now a bubbling ooze of black 
plastic and soup centered on an empty, burst, metal can.  
   "We can't afford another one of these "microwave" units!  What are we going 
to do for food?" Kiyone yelled at her partner.  Mihoshi began to cry.
   "I was just trying to make us dinner and now it's ruined and we won't have 
anything to eat!"  Mihoshi wailed.  
   "Look--don't get upset!  I'm sorry; it was an understandable mistake," Kiyone 
pleaded with her colleague.  "I've just been stressed out lately; I didn't mean 
to yell at you like that."  While Washu had the capability to replicate human 
money, accepting counterfeit money would be a violation of local law, something 
the GP avoided whenever possible.
   "Well...ok, Kiyone," Mihoshi decided, calming down.  "I'm *really* sorry 
about the oven; I'll ask you before I try out any more Earth technology, I 
promise!"  The detectives eyed their former microwave suspiciously as it began 
to emit small bubbling noises.  "I guess I better throw this away or something," 
Mihoshi decided.  
   The only item of any value in the officers' apartment was their Commsys.  The 
GP-issue communications device and personal computer, featuring advanced, 
compact speakers and high-resolution display, was used mainly as a home 
entertainment system by the two detectives.  Now, however, it was fulfilling its 
original purpose; the officers' link to the rest of the galaxy buzzed 
piercingly, announcing an incoming message.
   At the press of a button a holographic display flickered into life before the 
pair.  A face floated in the air; its expression was not pleasant.  "Detectives 
First Class Mihoshi and Kiyone," acknowledged the face's owner, a humanoid man.  
"This is a Priority Two Alert to all personnel in your area.  Approximately one 
hour ago, prison asteroid MaxSecure 3 suffered its first escape in history.  
Reelan Karst, the escapee, is still at large.  He is believed to be headed 
outward toward the galactic rim, and may pass through the Sol system.  This is a 
publicity disaster; the galaxy has always relied on the GP as 'The unstoppable 
tide of law and order'," he quoted from a GP slogan.  "I am sending his file 
over; review it well.  All officers will be on alert; if he enters your 
jurisdiction notify HQ immediately.  A response team will be sent to deal with 
the criminal."
   "I copy, sir," Kiyone replied in clipped tones.
   "Very well.  Headquarters out."  The display flickered out.  
   <First escaped criminal in decades...if this isn't an opportunity for 
advancement, nothing is!> Kiyone thought excitedly.  Finding Reelan and calling 
for the response team would earn her an official commendation, but that wasn't 
what Kiyone had in mind.  "Mihoshi!  If we capture him ourselves, we'll be 
promoted for sure!  Get your stuff together and take the rest of the canned 
soup; we're taking Yagami back into orbit!"
   Oddly, Mihoshi didn't seem to share her enthusiasm.  "That doesn't seem like 
such a good idea, Kiyone," she said earnestly.  
   "What are you talking about?" Kiyone demanded.  "This is our big break!"
   "It sounds...dangerous," Mihoshi replied unconvincingly.  "Anyway, we need to 
stay on Earth a while longer.  We can't afford to miss work; we're just about 
out of Earth money.  And no earth money means no ice cream!  No karaoke!"  
   "When we capture Reelan, we won't need Earth money!  We won't need *Earth*!  
We'll be reassigned!  Promoted!"  Kiyone wasn't going to let monetary concerns 
keep her from achieving her goal.
   "I'm...not going," Mihoshi whispered in a quavering voice.  <Elath...> 
Beautiful silver eyes flashed coldly through her mind. "You can go...take 
Yagami...I'll stay with Tenchi."  The blond detective walked to the door, ready 
to leave.  
   Kiyone was at a loss for words.  There was something Mihoshi wasn't telling 
her.  After a quick comparison (<Why did I even have to think about it?>), 
Kiyone knew her partner meant more to her than an immediate career boost.  
Besides, it would take Reelan Karst at least a week to reach the Earth solar 
sytem from MaxSecure 3.  That gave her enough time.  Once she figured out why 
Mihoshi was reluctant to leave Earth, she could think of a way to persuade her 
colleague to come along after Karst.  "Don't go.  I guess, if it's that 
important to you, we can stay on this planet a few more days." Kiyone called to 
her partner standing at the door.
   "Really?  Thank you, Kiyone," Mihoshi replied, sounding inordinately 
relieved.

					***
   
   "Ryoko?" Tenchi called through the door to his room.  He had given his room 
to the cyan-haired pirate so she could rest and fight her sickness, sleeping in 
the living room himself.  "Dinner," he continued.
   A moment later, Ryoko answered.  "Yeah, come in," she said.  Tenchi walked 
in, placing the miso Sasami had prepared on the bed next to Ryoko.  Ryoko held 
her hand over the soup.  "Nice and hot," she commented.
   In these circumstances, the words lacked any trace of innuendo.  <She must 
really be sick,> Tenchi observed. "Let me tell you a story," he began.
   "The first time I got the flu was 7 years ago, when I was 10.  It affects us 
humans differently than you; but it wasn't exactly fun for me, either..."
	
				***

   <He's been in there far too long...> Aeka sat alone in her and Sasami's room.  
Ryoko had spent the last three days in Tenchi's room (though Tenchi himself was 
staying downstairs, thank Tsunami) and was clearly receiving his full attention.  
<Well, she is suffering; I should probably be more supportive of her myself,> 
she reasoned.  Though her enhanced immune system would keep such an illness from 
affecting Aeka, there were other ways she could find herself in a situation 
similar to Ryoko's.
   <What would I do if I were the one injured?> Aeka wondered.  <Of course Lord 
Tenchi would allow me the use of his room.  Perhaps he would spend all of each 
day with me.  We would finally be alone; he would finally have the chance to 
discover how much he loves me.>  She sighed and slumped forward on her mattress, 
face held up 
by her hands, eyes closed.
   "Aeka--I don't know how to say this...Seeing you here has made me realize, 
that is, I've felt this way for a while now, but, I suppose--Aeka, I...I want 
you to know that I--I love you." Aeka fantasized.
   "Oh, Tenchi, I know.  I've always known," she replied aloud.  <But 
it's...*her* in that room with Lord Tenchi!> Aeka remembered.  <He will 
never be attracted to that demon,> she assured herself.  <Never.>  Even as she 
repeated that phrase she found herself questioning its truthfulness.  <No,> she 
thought, determined.  <Lord Tenchi will resist Ryoko.  He will resist.>

				***

   "You--you didn't!" Ryoko laughed, some of her usual vigor showing through.  
"The women's locker room?"
   "Like I said, I really had to throw up!  The entrance looks just like the 
men's, and I didn't have time to read the sign on the door!"  Tenchi answered 
indignantly.  
   "You didn't see any of them naked, did you", Ryoko asked, her voice taking on 
a serious tone.
   "I...of course not!" he responded.  Blood began to trickle from his nose.
   "Relax!  I was just gonna ask you how badly they compared to *me*!"  The flow 
of blood increased dramatically.
   <She's certainly sounding better,> Tenchi observed.  <The sooner she 
recovers, the sooner things will get back to normal.  Not that I don't like 
Ryoko, but spending this much time alone with her is starting to make me 
uncomfortable.  I'll just be glad to have everything back the way it was.>
  <Aeka.>  The word suddenly flashed through Tenchi's mind.  <I haven't really 
spoken to her all week,> he remembered.  <I really should spend some more time 
with her as soon as Ryoko's fully healed.>  Resolved to do so at his first 
opportunity, he leaned down to face Ryoko.  
   "Good night, Tenchi," he heard as he rose to leave the room.
   "Good night, Ryoko," Tenchi replied.
   The voices drifted through the floor to the room below.  A quiet figure sat 
alone at the window, bathed in the moon's silver light.  "Good night, Aeka," she 
whispered to herself.
	
				***

   "Fascinating."  Washu stared intently at the holographic display.  A three-
dimensional projection of Ryoko's body rotated before the scientist, colors 
pulsing across her body in chaotic patterns.  Numbers flashed into existence and 
scrolled through the air before the holographic pirate's currently purple face.  
"Acetamine Diphosphate spikes 48% fewer than yesterday.  Correlate that with the 
mitochondrial growth factor and..." her fingers flew across a translucent gray 
keyboard.  The display focused close and closer upon Ryoko until the "camera" 
appeared to be positioned insider her bloodstream, observing the cells flow past 
through the plasma.  Washu glanced up at the display and--
   "Washu?" The greatest scientist in the universe jerked upright in shock.  "I 
didn't mean to startle you like that, but I have to ask you something."  Washu, 
recognizing Kiyone's voice, turned around to face the detective.  
   "How did you get in through all the electronic locks?" Washu asked, genuinely 
puzzled.
   "Oh, Mihoshi told me how.  It's fairly simple to route the command circuit 
*past* the conditional memory and cause the decision circuit to open the door 
without checking if access is authorized," Kiyone answered.  Noticing the red-
haired woman's incredulous face, she continued.  "Well, how do you think she 
kept getting in here?  Phasing through the walls?"
   "Well, now that *that* mystery's solved, let's hear the next one.  What is it 
you want from me?" Washu replied after quickly composing herself.
   "I know I probably shouldn't be asking you this, being GP and all, but...can 
you help me with...can you give me an infiltration program to...break into 
someone's files?" Kiyone asked in a thin voice.
   "Uh huh.  Right.  *You* want to do something illegal?" Washu said, 
unconvinced.  This had to be some kind of trick.  
   "I--well, it's really just a misdemeanor under these conditions--I wouldn't 
have asked, but I'm really desperate--it'll help in the capture of a dangerous 
criminal--I really need to find out what's making her so stubborn!" Kiyone 
stopped, realizing she'd given away more than she'd intended to.  
   The scientist's mind made the connections quickly.  "Why are you so desperate 
to spy on Mihoshi that you came to lil' ol' me?" Washu asked in an imitation of 
a child's voice.  "Tell ya what.  I give you something you want, you give me 
something I want."  Reverting to her normal tones, she continued.  "I give you 
the programs you need to hack Mihoshi's files, you give me ten minutes of time 
on your transmitter.  I promise I won't use to do anything *too* illegal."
   After a moment's thought, Kiyone decided.  "I suppose that works."  No matter 
what methods she was forced to employ, her career wasn't about to end because of 
Mihoshi's attachment to Earth.  

					***

   Aeka hummed brightly to herself as she ran the brush though her amethyst 
hair.
   <Focus on the song.  I can feel him drifting away.  Hum louder.  Why didn't I 
see it before?  The mirror--will he brush *her* hair when they're together?  
When he's chosen?  Drown it out.  That week--he spent almost all his time with 
her.  Using her weakness to trick him.  No, I saw her; she really was ill.  Saw 
his eyes when he looked into hers.  Caring?  Love.  It was love.  He simply 
doesn't love me.  The bridge--how does it go?  No matter, repeat the refrain.  
Will he announce it?  Will she taunt me?  Repeat the refrain.  I've lost; I've 
failed.  But I can...leave.  Leave with dignity, honor.  Will they miss me?  
Focus on the song.>
 
					***
   
   With her partner safely away buying groceries, Kiyone could finally the 
answers she needed.  Her initial theory, that Mihoshi had fallen for Tenchi just 
as everyone but Kiyone herself had done, hadn't quite stood up under close 
examination.  If she was so obsessively attracted to the boy, why hadn't she 
moved into the Masaki house with all the others?  Why hadn't she done *anything* 
about her attraction to him?  No, this idea wasn't quite plausible.  <Then what 
is it?> Kiyone wondered.  No matter; she would soon find out.  The detective 
inserted the datachip Washu had funished into the Commsys.  
   The invasive program contained on the chip began to take effect.  Barriers 
surrounding Mihoshi's private logs were brushed aside into nothingness by the 
computerized manifestation of Washu's genius.  Unfortunately, Mihoshi's journal 
seemed to consist of an incredibly in-depth narrative of her daily life.  No 
"How I wish Tenchi would declare his true love for me!", no "If I don't get to 
see the next episode of Dukes of Hazzard my life will be over!", no "We can't 
leave Earth now!  What will I do without ice cream?"  And this meant no easy 
answer.  
   "What could it be?" Kiyone questioned aloud.  <One last thing, but it's a 
long shot> the detective remembered.  She shifted the program's focus into the 
GP database contained in the Commsys memory.  Calling up Mihoshi's file, she 
scanned for any details that would normally be hidden.  <Aha--three years ago 
she spent half a year off duty!>  That record was linked to a file marked 
"Removed from public domain".  <What could Mihoshi have to hide?> Kiyone 
wondered.  She opened the file.  Words stabbed into her mind, leaving clips, 
fragments, broken phrases spinning in disarray.  "Oh...my...god..." Kiyone 
whispered.  She slumped slightly forward, unable to tear her eyes from the 
screen.  

					***

   "L...leaving?" Tenchi spoke the question more to himself than anything.  
Panic built as he scanned the note in his hands.  "She accepts 'mine and Ryoko's 
love?' ...  already on her way to the nearest spaceport on Yagami ... leaving 
with Sasami in order to 'continue her life as First Princess?' ... 'Perhaps, one 
day, we shall see each other again.  But I sincerely doubt it?'"
   <Thank God Ryoko's still only leaving her room for meals!  Who knows what 
she'll do when she finds out Aeka's 'out of the way'?> Tenchi wondered.  
   <Why didn't she talk this over?  Why didn't she give me some sign?  Why did 
she just...take off like this?>  "Yagami -- we should talk to Kiyone and 
Mihoshi!" Tenchi realized.  
   "Sounds like a job for the number one greatest scientist in the universe," 
remarked a familiar voice.  
   "Washu!  Can you let me talk to them?  Rewire the television to be a 
communications system?  Hook the computer into the GP network?  Turn the 
microwave into a transporter?  Anything?" Tenchi begged.
   "Well, I suppose I could, but I really don't feel like it," the red-haired 
genius answered.
   "Arrgh!  Washu!" Tenchi protested.
   "But, this may be of some help," she continued, handing Tenchi a scrap of 
paper.
   "What is it?" he asked.  
   "Their phone number.  White pages," the universe's greatest scientific mind 
replied smugly. 
   Ten frantically dialed digits later, he was on the phone with Mihoshi.  "Oh, 
Kiyone took her to rendezvous with a shuttle to her connection flight.  She got 
back a couple minutes ago.  When do you suppose she'll be back, Tenchi?" the 
woman inquired in an unworried voice.
   "Never," Tenchi replied flatly.

					***

   The piercing hum of the Commsys came for the second time in as many days.  
Mihoshi nearly tripped over a pile of dirty clothes in her haste to activate the 
machine.  Kiyone, reaching the system first, pressed the blinking "Receive 
Message" button, blinking to focus on the flickering holodisplay.  She glanced 
briefly to her right but could not bring herself to meet Mihoshi's eyes.  
   "Priority One Alert for Detectives First Class Kiyone and Mihoshi!" barked 
the two's superior.
   "Priority One!  Karst was the first escape in decades and even *he* didn't 
qualify as Priority One!" Kiyone breathed to her partner.  A glare from the 
disembodied face floating before them cut off any further whispered 
communication.
   "Approximately five minutes ago a small shuttle was reported hijacked in your 
area."  Inside Kiyone's mind the details fell into place.
   <Priority one -- small shuttle -- Reelan -- AEKA!>  All color drained from 
Kiyone's face in anticipation of her commander's next sentence.
   "Aeka Jurai, First Princess of the Jurai Royal House, was almost certainly on 
board that shuttle, as was her sister, Second Princess Sasami Jurai.  Worse 
still, the hijacking was most likely a successful kidnap attempt on her person 
by escaped convict Reelan Karst.  Having read his dossier, I'm sure you 
understand the gravity of the situation.  We have every reason to believe he 
will not hesitate to kill her should the need arise.
   "You are the officers 'on the scene.'  You must find and contact Karst 
immediately.  Your task will be to set up negotiations for Lady Aeka's safe 
return, and above all to prevent her death.  GP-Juraian are already strained; a 
failure in this mission could mean disaster.  Depart from Earth as soon as 
possible.  Headquarters out."
   Thoughts raced through Kiyone's mind.  <Should have bene more careful -- all 
my fault -- Mihoshi!>
   Mihoshi's mind contained not thoughts but a singular image: the cold flash of 
beautiful silver eyes.



--------------------Notes--------------------
   
   "Perfect Circle" is my first major work of fan fiction. I've been reading FF 
for quite some time, but I never really got around to creating my own until 
about half a month ago.  
   If you liked this, check out Single Serving Tenchi, my short Fight Club 
crossover; it's written in a very different style. 

   Please give me some comments.  Say anything.  If you want to send 'fan mail,' 
as such, go ahead and write! If you want to flame me, please include specific 
problems, but go ahead and write!  Even "I read your story," would work, though 
specific comments are nice; go ahead and write!  Basically, just go ahead and 
write!  Let me know someone saw this.

--< markskarl@hotmail.com is my email address. >--
