PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
Perfection
Disclaimer:  This is what I would call SuperWAFF.  

     Beautiful day.  That is definately what it is.  I haven't seen a
day so perfect since the one we all traveled back in time to save my
mother.  That had been a day like this.  Not too hot, not too cold, not
too humid, and not too dry.  Birds flutter about, singing their gay
songs to the world without care.  A blue canvas spreads out behind those
music makers, given texture only by a few tufts of cottony clouds.  It
is fall, and only a few patches of sakura remain clinging to branches.
The bark of the trees rough looking and aged, having long lost the sheen
of their youth.  
     I gaze in awed wonder at the ancient forest around me, poetic lines
mirthfully gliding through my mind.  Moments like this one take me back,
back to my childhood.  Back when life was so carefree and safe.  Back to
when I would sit outside Ryoko's cave and cook potatoes.  Back when I
would play fight with my Grandpa, with none of the seriousness he
displays now.  
     Once and a while, in moments like this especially, I will even be
taken back to my mother.  For fleeting moments I will feel her against
me, her arms wrapped around me protectively.  I can smell her, the light
sweetness of strawberries, due to what she showered with.  Her touch was
so light, yet firm.  Her hold so soft and tender.  I will never forget,
but in moments like this I am right back there.  Her voice soothing me
to sleep...
     "Tenchi!"
     A smile still gracing my face, I turn to the sound of the familiar
voice.  Sasami is joyfully running down the lightly worn path toward me.
I reach up and wipe away the small tear that came to my eye before, and
cough a little to clear my slightly choked up throat.  I am already in a
good mood, but the young energy Sasami is displaying manages to brighten
me all the more.  "Hello, Sasami!"  I call out, waving a bit at her
playfully.
     She runs up to me, I can almost feel her happiness.
"Tenchi-niichan!  Supper is almost ready, and I figured I'd come out
myself to get you.  It being such a wonderful day out."  She spins
around, her skirt flaring softly.  A giggle escapes her smiling face as
she closes her eyes in contentment.
     I grin at her display.  I fleetingly wonder what I ever did to
deserve such a perfect life.  Sure, I have my difficulties once and a
while.  However, the love and light entirely dampens out any and all
darkness that may try and invade.  "Thank you Sasami-chan.  I was
getting hungry."
     I start walking back toward the house.  I really wasn't all that
deep into the forest, having taken my time to appreciate everything it
has to offer.  Sasami clings on to my left arm, lightly leaning against
me as we walk.  She is such a perfectly happy girl.  I couldn't stand it
if anything ever happened to jeapordize that cheerfull demeanor she
always has.  I find myself hoping more and more that I can always be
with her to assure that.  I look down at her youthful face.  Her large
bright eyes staring at the path ahead, and her lips curved into a small
grin.  I sometimes find it so hard to believe that the girl stuck to my
arm is really so old.  So much older than I.  Even if she wasn't
physically, mentally she is as mature as any adult I know.  In fact, at
times, she seems even more so.  It's almost scary.  
     Then, Sasami looks up at me as well.  Our eyes meet in an almost
audible collision.  Her face looks a little more serious as she stares
into my eyes deeply.  Her pink orbs almost swallow me whole.  I see so
much inside her, a torrent of thoughts, dreams, and emotions.  Love
mostly, love for life, love for family, love for... me.  I also see
darkness and worry, a black mark on her soul which she builds walls
around and forgets about the best she can.  I see the future as well.
She is one with Tsunami, and one day she will have all her knowledge and
memories too.  She will be even more than what she is now.
     I find that this genuinely frightens me.  I find myself upset that
Sasami might change, that she might not want to stay here.  Might not
want to stay with us... with me.  A small rock forms in my stomach as I
try to dispell the feeling of pain caused by this idea.  I don't ever
want her to leave.  I want her to grow, with me, and I want ot tell
her... tell her.  Tell her that I love her.  What she was, what she is,
and what she will become.  Yet, will she be able to feel the same for
me?
     A big smile suddenly brightens Sasami's face.  So pleasant is the
look that it brings me back to her surface.  To the cute young girl that
I never want to see go away.  Much to my surprise, she hugs me.  Her
arms wrap completely around me and she squeezes me tightly to herself.
So shocked am I that I just stand there, looking stupid.  As she pulls
away, I notice that she's blushing rather brilliantly.  Ths only serves
to multiply her presence a thousandfold.  I swear the world quiets a bit
just because it's much more content at this moment.  I know I am.
     Sasami giggles lightly again, then touches me on the chest.
"You're it."  She proclaims, then runs off toward the house.
     I smile and begin to jog after her, a bit of laughter escaping my
lips.  Maybe things will just happen whatever way they're supposed to
happen, and I should just be happy with what I'm given.  I wonder again
what I could have done to deserve such a perfect life.  Why me?
     Then again... why not?
END
Comments most appreciated!  Thanks for reading, and I hope this made you
feel as good as I do for having written it.
PMasters  

"I'm only holding back the rain.  So many raindrops, so many pains.  I
want to find my train someday.  As seasons go past the station." - Tokyo
Babylon OVA 1
/ PM Productions Homepage is in development now!
/ E-mail at:  PhilMasters@webtv.net
Member of the #AAS#, #WASHU#, and the #SAS#.  I'm a very appreciative
person!