jbowles@occ-uky.campus.mci.net (Joshua Bowles)


        Tenchi Muyo! and characters are property of Pioneer and AIC,
they are not mine, please dont sue... blah... blah... blah...

        This is my first attempt at Fanfic. I REALLY would appreciate
comments and suggestions. This part (Part 1)is pretty much an
introduction. It will be developed more. Once again thanks for reading,
comments are VERY MUCH appreciated.

                           Fanfic by Seabhac
                         Part 1: A Perfect Day

        Ryoko sweeps across the room in a slow dance of delight. She
hums to herself, eyes shining in a state of dreamy ambition. Caught in
her dance is a long white dress, smooth as silk, light and flowing as
gossamer, as elegant and innocent as a wedding dress yet hinting at a
more sensual nature. Ryoko pauses, looks at the dress, and gives a
content sigh. The dress is everything she wants, delicate and feminine,
beautifully simple yet possessing a look that creates an air of grace
and majesty. She had spent all morning working on it with Washu making
sure it was perfect in every way.
        Ryoko carefully takes the dress and hangs it to admire. The long
wait until tomorrow will be almost unbearable. She can't wait to go down
to the garden where Tenchi would be working planting the new crop. She
would be wearing her beautiful new dress and carrying a picnic full of
food she would learn to cook today from Sasami. "Tenchi," she would say
"will you have a picnic with me? It's such a lovely day won't you join
me?" He would agree and they would go to a place near a stream in a
clearing that offered shade and a cool breeze. She had found this spot
yesterday after many hours of wandering around in the woods looking for
the perfect setting. They would eat, and talk the afternoon away content
with each others company. She was determined not to do anything to make
him uneasy or embarrassed, she wanted him to see that she could be
serene and demure just like it appeared he wanted. When the day began to
make its transition to night she would take him to a grassy hill
overlooking a forest of ancient trees that would catch the dim rays of
the setting sun and glow with a rich golden light. After the silent
revery they would take a long stroll back to the house through the cool
peaceful woods along a trail she had planned days before. They would
look at the trees and flowers that were most beautiful in the dim light
of dusk. When they reached the house she would smile and thank him for
the pleasant day, bow, and leave him to consider the days events and his
feelings towards her. "Oh Tenchi, my Tenchi, tomorrow will be a perfect
day."

                Comments? jbowles@occ-uky.campus.mci.net
