I do not own any of these characters. They belong to the people at AIC/Pioneer.
Well first off this is my first fanfic and I figured I’d throw in a few
characters to make things interesting.  Second I’d appreciate any feedback,
positive or otherwise, on this story
send all questions & comments to phoenixikki12@hotmail.com

                                                        Phoenix Ikki
Part 1: Enter Phoenix
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
        Chapter 1 The Battle
        It was just another day at the Masaki residence, as usual Ryoko and
Aeka
were
remodeling Tenchi’s house with their energy blasts and Tenchi was working in
the field.
Tenchi sighed and thought about how much he loved the both of them and
wished they
wouldn’t fight so much.  He walked back to his house wondering how he was
going to
break this fight up when the entire front of his house exploded.

“AAAAAAH!!!” Tenchi screamed barely avoiding decapitation by the front door.

“DIE DEMON!” Aeka shrieked before noticing Tenchi lying on the ground with
debris all
around him.  Ryoko noticed her let her guard down and attacked her knocking
her
through the wall, then she too noticed Tenchi and rushed to his side.

“Tenchi! are you ok!?” Ryoko asked with worry apparent in her eyes.  Aeka
freed herself
from the wall and ran towards the dazed Tenchi.

“Did that horrible woman hurt you Tenchi!?”  Aeka said glaring at Ryoko
while she was
running towards them.  Tenchi’s eyes were rolling around in his head while
he babbled
incoherently. After several minutes of  crazy talk Tenchi started to calm
down and Sasami
came out of the house with a glass of water carefully avoiding the flaming
rubble.

“Are you ok Tenchi?” Sasami inquired with her sweet little voice and handed
the glass to
him. Tenchi nodded.  Tenchi sipped the cool water and tried to stand but
stumbled and fell
on his face, or would have had Aeka and Ryoko not caught him.  With their
help he
managed to stay upright.

“Gjah hgad” Tenchi said while everyone looked at him with confused faces.
He shook his
head and cleared his thoughts.  He finally managed to ask “what happened?”
Ryoko
mumbled something about leaky gas mains and Aeka mumbled something about
terrorist
attacks.  “What? what are you talking about?” Then Sasami burst into the
conversation.

“They were fighting again Tenchi” Sasami said.

“Little snitch” Ryoko said quietly to herself. Aeka heard it and gave Ryoko
a nod of
agreement.

“How many times do I have to tell you n.....” looking up at the sky with a
weird look on
his face. “What’s that?” The others turn to look at a large red ball flying
right at them.

“Get down!” Ryoko yelled as the fireball hit the ground about 50 feet away
raising a huge
cloud of smoke and dust.  A shock wave soon followed which picked up some of
the
smaller debris and send it flying once more.  One such piece of debris
knocked Ryoko
unconscious.  After the dust cleared they all (the conscious ones anyway)
looked into the
crater the fireball left.  Washu, at that moment, decided to come out of her
lab for some
lunch to find half the house missing and a crater in the front yard.

“Uhhh what’s going on here?” she asked looking more worried than surprised.
They all
turned to her and Sasami was about to explain when they all heard something
in the crater.

“aaaah man gotta work on that reentry” mumbled some unknown voice.  They all
stared at
the crater waiting for further signs of life.  They watched as an armored
figure climbed up
the opposing side of the crater with its back towards them.

“Computer just where in the hell am I?” he asked “Computer! awww damnit comm
link
must have been broken during reentry.” Tenchi cleared his throat and the
stranger
whipped around.  At that point everyone could see a few features of the
stranger. He was
about 6’6” pretty well built and covered from head to toe in some sort of
exoskeleton.

“Actually your on ear.... OH SHIT!”  Tenchi said as a fireball went past his
head, he
watched in fly into a nearby tree and completely engulf it in flames.
Tenchi turned back to
his new enemy to find him unsheathing a sword. Tenchi grabbed the master key
and
focused his energy into it and within a second he was ready to fight. His
enemy burst into
flames (not the kind you see on DBZ real heat giving flames) and his sword
did likewise.

“So ya wanna fight eh?” The stranger asked.  Aeka stepped up.

“Azaka Kamidake!” the two guardians appeared at her sides.

“HA HA HA! you expect some logs to defeat ME!?” the stranger said with a
sneer on his
face.  With that he flew at her and smacked her upside the head with the
hilt of his sword
and proceeded to turn the guardians into toothpicks with no trouble at all.
Aeka was now
unconscious along with Ryoko.  Tenchi attacked in a rage and sliced into the
enemies back
when he wasn’t paying attention.  By now Washu had her Holo laptop out and
was
furiously typing away trying to find a weakness in the exoskeleton or just a
way to subdue
this thing before it hurt anyone else and Sasami was cowering behind her.

“Aaaaah! you little bastard! do you have any idea how much that stings?”  He
said without
turning around. Tenchi watched in awe as it healed instantly.  “You’ll pay
for that one.” he
said as he spun around to face Tenchi. He kicked Tenchi in the stomach and
stunned him
for a second. Then swung his flaming sword with the intention of splitting
Tenchi in two
but Tenchi had the master key up in time to stop it inches from his skull.
The heat was just
about unbearable Tenchi couldn’t hold him off for much longer.

“W....what the hell is going on around here” Ryoko said as she brushed
herself off and
held her head in pain. “Anyone get the number of that bullet train?”  The
stranger looked
over and saw the most beautiful person he’d ever seen.  Tenchi noticed his
enemies sword
giving way and just before he attacked the sword was removed. Tenchi watched
the still
flaming enemy float towards Ryoko.

“NO! you wont hurt any more of my friends!”  Tenchi stuck the master key in
his back all
the way to the hilt pulled it out and did it again.  His enemy was so taken
by surprise it
broke him away from staring at Ryoko and back to the battle at hand.  With a
grunt he
turned around to fight Tenchi.  He couldn’t concentrate enough to heal his
wounds “she”
kept flashing into his mind any time he attempted it.  Tenchi continued
slicing, slowly
making his way through the exoskeleton.  When Tenchi hit the soft meat
underneath his
enemy doubled over in pain and fell to the ground.  Tenchi started kicking
his foe in the
face and stomach.  Suddenly and without warning the exoskeleton expanded
becoming
regular armor and broke apart and made its way back into the crater.  Tenchi
never
stopped kicking him even though now he was wearing nothing but a pair of
shorts and a
light shorts.  His oppressor stared spitting out blood and trying to escape
but Tenchi
wouldn’t allow it.

“Is that all you got you.....(gurgle) little..” he rolled on his side to see
Ryoko staring
blankly at him and passed out.

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
        Chapter 2: The Interrogation
        Several days had passed since he first saw the beauty and had
thought of
nothing
but her while he was unconscious, and he’d had plenty of time to think.
Opening his eyes
he found himself in a cylindrical tank filled with thick light green liquid
wearing nothing
but a pair of tight fitting shorts and a face mask providing oxygen. Outside
of the tank
there were hundreds of computers and flashing lights and in a tank opposite
him, his
armor.

“I see your finally awake” Washu said with an unreadable look on her face.
The stranger
was angry at the sight of her and punched the side of the tank as hard as he
could hoping
to break it.  It didn’t even scratch it.  He started to charge up a fireball
in his right hand,
the heat causing the liquid to boil.  Just before he threw it he took in a
deep breath and
found he had no oxygen to breath.

“Ah ah ah I wouldn’t try that if I were you” Washu smiled thinking of how
great a genius
she was and waited for the fireball to disappear.  After it did she turned
the oxygen back
on.

“Damn you!” exclaimed a slightly muffled voice from inside the tank.
“If you cooperate this will be much easier on you.”

“I’ll never cooperate you crazy b....AAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!”

“So I take it you don’t like 4 million volts coursing through your body,
well who’d have
thought.” Just then Tenchi walked into the lab to see how Washu was
torturing the
stranger. “Oh hey Tenchi! just having a little talk with our friend here.”

“So you get anything out of him yet?” asked Tenchi

“Nah just a few screams but I’m working on it.” She smiled at Tenchi.

“Well just who are you?” Tenchi inquired glaring at the badly beaten
humanoid in the
tank.

“I’ll never divulge any information to you!” After he said that he saw Washu
reach for the
control panel in front of her. “AAH NO! I’ll talk I’ll talk! I’m Lieutenant
Phoenix I’m here
hunting the space pirate Ryoko!”

“WHAT!?” Tenchi and Washu yelled at the same time.

“I was heading for Ursa Minor when my ship was attacked by some Galaxy
Police I tried
to get them on the radio but all I got was some sleeping blonde! so I bailed
out! what else
could I do? she was out like a light!” Tenchi and Washu gave each other a
knowing look.

“Who do you work for?” Tenchi said in a demanding voice.

“I’ll never tell you that no matter how many times you fry me” he replied

“We’ll see about that” Tenchi said as he nodded to Washu.

Meanwhile the rest of the house was being repaired by Nobuyuki Aeka and
Ryoko.

“I don’t see why I have to fix this after all its HER fault” Aeka whined

“Put a sock in it princess and gimme those nails” Ryoko said.

“Both of you put a sock in it you were both fighting and you both blew the
front of the
house off and I’m getting kinda sick of repairing the house, ya know with
all the stuff you
two have blown up around here I’ve basically built a whole new house!”  They
all stopped
working for a second when they heard screams from Washu’s lab.

“Let me out of here!” the prisoner yelled.

“Not until you answer one more question!” Demanded Washu. “Why are you after
my
daughter Ryoko!?”
“What?....... Daughter? what are you talking about?” Phoenix replied
obviously confused.

“Answer the question!” Tenchi yelled.

“Ok ok  but its a stupid question she has a huge price on her head! biggest
I’ve ever seen!
so I figured I’d give it a shot ya know make some money get out of the
business for
good.” Phoenix said.

“What business?” Asked Washu.

“Aww come on you said one more question!”  Washu once again reaches for the
control
panel. “OK OK! bounty hunting! come on now let me out of here!” Phoenix
cried out with
a pleading look on his face.

“Not just yet, first we need to make sure you wont  attack us once your
out.” With that
said robotic arms come down from the top of the tank and attach a collar
around his neck
and cuff his hands behind his back. “Ok now you can go” Washu hits a button
and the
bottom of the tank opens and drains out all the liquid, Phoenix along with
it.  The next
thing he knows he’s in a large pool of ice cold water.

“Man this place is crazy” he says to himself.  He notices a pile of clothes
by the edge of
the pool and attempts to put them on but with handcuffs and all its hard to
do.  After he
managed to get his pants on a door magically appears next to him, he shrugs
and walks
through.  On the other side the crazy red hairdo scientist and the
back-stabbing boy are
waiting.

“Come on give me my armor back” Phoenix pleaded.

“No and don’t you know how to put on a shirt?” Washu said with a sly grin on
her face.

“No sorry I don’t usually include handcuffs with my daily attire.” Phoenix
said
sarcastically.

“Well you’d better get used to it because until we can trust you your not
getting out of
them.” Washu said with a little laugh.

“Well how am I supposed to get a shirt on then!?” Phoenix yelled. “I cant
believe this!
imprisoned by a bunch of kids!” Washu changed into her adult form and gave
him the evil
eye.

“Whaddya mean a bunch of kids!?” Washu said sternly.

“Woah now I see the family resemblance” Phoenix said under his voice.

“What was that!?” Washu said getting seriously pissed off at him now.
“Nothing but back to the fact that I’m shirtless how do you expect to go out
in public with
no shirt on!?” Phoenix said so fast it sounded like one word. Washu sighed.

“Very well” Washu said. She summoned her holo laptop and started typing
away.
Suddenly Phoenix was wearing a loud tropical shirt.  Phoenix just groaned
and followed
Washu and Tenchi out of the lab.
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Chapter 3: Meeting The Others
        The others had finished repairing the damage in record time and were
now
watching some tube while Sasami was diligently working in the kitchen.  The
door to
Washu’s lab swung open.  Washu and Tenchi walked out silently.  Ryoko turned
to see
them, as did Aeka.

“Tenchi!” Said Ryoko floating over and hugging him tightly, “Washu didn’t do
any
experiments on you did she?” Then she saw Phoenix walking out of the lab.
“You bastard!
you hurt my Tenchi!” in 2 tenths of a second she was in her battle suit with
her energy
sword in hand.  She flew at him with incredible speed and slammed him to the
ground, cut
his shoulder to the bone and held the sword to his throat. Tenchi pulled him
off of her and
quickly subdued her.  By then everyone was standing around him with gaping
mouths
while he bled from his shoulder. After several tries he finally managed to
get up and was
about to ask Washu for a little help when Aeka walked up to him and with an
icy stare
kicked him right between the legs.  Phoenix’s eyes went wide.

“aaaah shiiiiiit ooooooooooowwwwwwwwww ow ow ow ow ow.” Phoenix proceeded to
kick the wall continuously. “aah owwww damn pain ow help please ow hurt.”
then
collapsed to the floor once again in serious pain.

“Take that you bastard!” Aeka screamed while Nobuyuki dragged her away.
“There’s
plenty more where that came from!”

“Didn’t know she had it in her.” Ryoko said and started laughing like a
maniac.  Washu
Managed to drag Phoenix back into the lab and fix him up a little.

“Ya know I could heal instantly if you just gave me my armor, I mean I got
two holes and
plenty of bruises from that Tenchi guy and a nice gaping wound from that
crazy (but
beautiful) lady out there and I don’t even want to talk about that purple
haired sadist out
there.” Phoenix said calmly...... well as calmly as possible after bein
kicked in the nuts.

“That ‘crazy lady’ is my daughter” Washu said, Phoenix could see she took a
lot of
offense to that comment.

“Oh... well uh... wait! your daughter?!?!” Phoenix realized what this meant
and his eyes
rolled around much like Tenchi’s did and passed out.
“Now come on you two, Washu says he’s completely harmless with that thing
around his
neck.  If he tries anything it gets tighter until he stops struggling.”
Tenchi said quietly.
Phoenix was just starting to wake up and regain his bearings when he
remembered what
Washu had said and he let out a groan.  When he opened his eyes he was
staring into a
pair of beautiful golden eyes.

“Am I in heaven?” Phoenix said completely stunned by the figure floating
above him.

“Come on Tenchi let me kill him, please?” Ryoko asked.

“Look what he did to me Tenchi!” Ayeka whined showing Tenchi a large lump on
her
head.

“No” Tenchi said flatly.  Phoenix tried to sit up and survey his
surroundings but as he
moved the mechanical loop around his neck got tighter until her couldn’t
breath.  He fell
back on the couch gasping for air while Ryoko and Aeka giggled.  Tenchi gave
them a
stern look and averted his attention to the breathless figure before them.

“Dinner will be ready in half an hour everyone!” Sasami called from the
kitchen.

“Ok Sasami!”

“Should I set a place for him?” Sasami asked using the same cheery tone as
always.
Ryoko and Aeka gave Tenchi an evil look.

“Yes Sasami we’re having one more for dinner tonight.” Tenchi said as he
looked down at
the now calm newcomer in the loud tropical shirt.

“But Tenchi!” both Ryoko and Aeka said at the same time.

“But nothing.” Tenchi said as he helped Phoenix to his feet.  “Perhaps you
should
introduce yourself.”

“Yes I should.” He looked around finding himself in what appeared to be a
living room,
and a nice one at that. Phoenix stood up straight and cleared his throat. “I
am Lieutenant
Phoenix, I am a bounty hunter.” he suddenly felt as if he were at an AA
meeting just
waiting for everyone to say ‘hi Phoenix’ in low monotone voices. “I was in
search of the
infamous space pirate Ryoko I got shot at bailed out attacked you guys and
here I am
now, can I use the facilities?” Just as he finished his sentence two more
women wearing
uniforms walked into the room, one of them he’d seen before.

“So when I woke up there was this huge ship that just exploded right in
front of me!”  The
blonde said.

“You WHAT!? nooooooooo!! you blew up my ship! I cant believe this!” Phoenix
cried
out with defeat apparent in his voice.  The two women stopped walking and
turned to see
a 6’6” man with brown hair, bright green eyes, and a loud tropical shirt on
his knees
looking at the ceiling and asking ‘why?’

“Uh Tenchi whose your friend?” Kiyone asked giving Phoenix a once over
glance.

“Yeah Tenchi he’s kinda cute!” Mihoshi said giggling.  Tenchi told them the
sequence of
events which brought Phoenix into the Masaki home.

“Oh well sorry about that Mr. Falcon, I must have fallen asleep and armed
weapons”
Mihoshi said with a little laugh and a sweat drop.  Phoenix had finally
calmed down and
restrained himself even though he wanted to kill her on the spot, but with
the collar and all
it made thta difficult.

“It’s Phoenix, and I guess its ok it doesn’t appear as if I’ll be leaving
any time soon”
Phoenix said trying to find a comfortable position but failed because of the
handcuffs.
“Can you take these handcuffs off?” he asked looking at Tenchi.

“Well...” was all Tenchi could manage before Sasami called everyone to the
table for
dinner.  Phoenix was escorted to the table by the GPs and Tenchi.  After he
was seated as
comfortable as possible he looked over the feast before him.  Phoenix
decided to break the
silence.

“This all looks so good.... Sasami is it?” He asked

“Yes and thank you, your Phoenix right?” Sasami replied with a smile.
Phoenix just
nodded and was just about to smile back when he noticed the stone-like
glares he was
receiving from the others.  All he could manage was a nervous half-smile.

“Well lets eat” Tenchi said trying to avoid another conflict. Everyone
nodded and started
eating except for Phoenix that is who struggled with the handcuffs for a
minute and then
gave up.  This was going to be one of those silent dinners he supposed. He
sat watching
the others eat and when no help was apparent he decided to use one of his
more useful
powers.  Mihoshi was just about to harpoon the last piece of sushi when it
slid off the
plate and hovered towards Phoenix who now appeared to be focused on the
oncoming
sushi.
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Chapter 4: Power of the Phoenix
“This is delicious Sasami! how do you do it?” Phoenix continued
telekinetically feeding
himself until he saw the wide eyes and gaping food-filled mouths of his
captors. “Uh, is
there something in my teeth?” He brought a cup of tea to his lips and sipped
it carefully.

“So Sasami is there any more sushi left?” Mihoshi asked completely oblivious
to what was
going on.

“Yes Mihoshi its in the kitchen” Sasami replied without averting her
attention from
Phoenix who sat quietly waiting for a response from the stunned crowd.
Mihoshi left the
room in pursuit of more food. “Well I’ll show you how to cook if you show me
how to do
that Phoenix” Sasami said smiling.

“Do what?” Phoenix asked picking his teeth with the end of a chopstick.

“I think what Sasami means is she would like to learn how to levitate
things” Yosho said
from behind Phoenix. Everyone jumped. Everyone except Mihoshi who was just
returning
with her plate piled high with sushi.

“Oh well in that case, sure Sasami I’ll teach you but I need to use my hands
if I’m going
to” Phoenix said still a little startled from the old man.

“Oh no you wont!” Ayeka screamed finally breaking away from her trance like
state.
Phoenix managed to stand up without to much trouble.

“I admit you have the right to be angry at me now, but” Phoenix paused
making sure he
had everyone’s attention. “What would you have done if you were me!? I was
getting shot
at by Galaxy Police! I thought I was in the Twilight Zone or something! to
be perfectly
honest I thought I’d landed in the middle of a harem or something! a bunch
of beautiful
women running around and only one man? the god’s must be crazy!”

“Hey I resent that” Washu burst in. Phoenix just gave her a confused look.

“Just take off the handcuffs I promise I wont try anything! I’ll do anything
you ask just
take them off!” Phoenix begged.

“Anything?” Ryoko and Aeka said in unison. Ryoko’s right fang was showing
and Aeka
had a strange glint in her eyes.

(Front Yard 30 minutes later)
“No I won’t do it! there is no way you can get me to do it!” Phoenix had a
look of
disbelief and horror on his face.

“Well then you’ll just have to stay in those cuffs forever now wont you?”
Aeka said
giggling at the unspeakable horror that was about to befall Phoenix.

“Yeah what are ya scared of lil ole me?” Ryoko said laughing hysterically.

“No, but......”

“Then come on!” Ryoko with an evil grin on her face.  The proposition was to
fight
Ryoko, beat her and win his freedom, lose and die.  He would normally had
taken the
challenge willfully but this was no ordinary challenge.  First of all this
was the legendary
space pirate Ryoko who destroyed entire worlds with her bare hands, Second
he thought
she was stunningly beautiful, and lastly, he’s got his frickin hands tied
behind his back and
no armor genius!

“Very well I will fight you” he said with an obviously distressed tone.
Ryoko just smiled,
formed her energy sword and flew at him. ‘Concentrate’ he thought to himself
as he
dodged her first attack ducked under her second and was cut across the chest
by the third.

“Um Washu are you sure this is safe?” Tenchi asked while watching the two go
at each
other with the ferocity of wild animals.

“Sure is Tenchi! don’t you trust the greatest scientific mind in the entire
universe?” Washu
replied laughing  maniacally and as if she were talking to a young child who
just asked a
stupid question.  Phoenix was being worn down fast due to his previously
acquired
wounds, Ryoko wasn’t giving an inch and throwing everything she had at him.
Phoenix
developed a plan within seconds of executing it.  He ran like a scared
cabbit.  Ryoko just
laughed at this delightful display of cowardice and teleported in front of
him.  She held her
sword above her head prepared to bring it down and split his skull. Tenchi
jumped to his
feet.

“What is she doing!?” Tenchi yelled to no one in particular.

“Sit down Tenchi.” Washu said with a tone that scared Tenchi into sitting
down.

“Victory is mine!” Ryoko wailed as she brought her sword down with the
swiftness of a
samarai. Everyone looked away at that very second awaiting the sickening
splat, but none
came. What they did hear confused them all a mettalic clink. When they
turned back
around they saw Phoenix on top of Ryoko pinning her shoulders to the ground.

“Ryoko!” Tenchi screamed.

“Surrender now!” Phoenix screamed as he looked into those beautiful golden
eyes, he
weakened his grip on her very slightly. She welcomed this opportunity to
teleport.
Phoenix turned around in time to be engulfed in an earth shattering energy
blast.
Everyone stood in awe as the smoke slowly cleared.  Ryoko hovered above with
an evil
smile on her face, that is until the smoke cleared and revealed what was
left of Phoenix.
Everyone gasped especially Ryoko who fell to her knees and put her hands
over her face.
Tenchi ran to her side.

“Ryoko! it was an accident, I know you didn’t mean to.” She had killed
again, old habits
die hard.  Tenchi did his best to console her but she was too shaken.

“I...... I though he....would avoid it! I didn’t know.....” she wept on
Tenchi’s shoulder.
The truth be known she liked it, all of the hate she had built up inside her
exploded into a
massive deathblow that shook the mountains and darkened the sky.  She was
enjoying
herself up until the final moment when she realized what she had done.  She
sat staring at
the smoldering ashes that were formerly Phoenix.  Ominous dark clouds formed
above the
scorch mark, they filled out and as the wind roared it poured rain down on
all of those
unfortunate enough to have witnessed the event.  Everyone ran inside, Ryoko
carried by
Tenchi. Suddenly a bright red light pierced through the clouds and shone on
the point of
death.  A mighty bird of fire ascended from the heavens  and alighted where
the light
touched the earth.  It stirred the ashes with its beak revealing a small red
orb, then took
flight once again and passed through the clouds.  The orb emitted a blinding
white light for
a period of approximately 3 seconds. When the light subsided Phoenix had
risen again.  He
gave himself a once over to make sure everything was in place.

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Chapter 5: The Search For Ryoko
“Allriiiiiiiiiight” he said to himself and headed back for the house.
Rather than knock he
just walked in and came face to face with Washu.

“I knew it!” she said while summoning her Holo laptop and entering new
information.
Phoenix walked past her without a word, he was looking for his love Ryoko.
He walked
into the room where the others sat with a cloud of depression, not because
Phoenix was
dead but because Ryoko felt so bad about it.

“Where is she?” Phoenix said looking around the room with a somewhat
troubled look on
his face.  Everyone turned to him with a look of udder disbelief.

“B...but how?” Tenchi managed to stutter. The others gasped and whispered to
each
other.

“WHERE IS SHE!?” Phoenix roared which stopped all of the talking.

“She l.....left...” Tenchi looked at the floor clearly disappointed with
himself.

“Pull yourself together man! where did she go?” Phoenix said slightly more
calmly than
before.

“Back to the cave” Aeka said misty eyed.

“Explain..” Phoenix listened to every syllable that rushed out of Aeka’s
mouth. “hmmm...
WASHU!” He’d picked up most of their names from Aeka’s incessant ramblings
about the
past. Washu floated in still typing furiously on her holo laptop. “Release
my armor...
Tenchi show me this cave she speaks of.”  Washu hesitated a moment “NOW!”
Washu
vanished and returned immediately with his armor.  His eyes flashed for a
split second and
he was wearing his armor. He turned to Tenchi “Go now.” Tenchi bolted for
the door.

Moments later they were standing at the mouth of the cave, Tenchi out of
breath having
sprinted all the way there. Phoenix walked towards the cave and Tenchi
started to follow
until Phoenix turned his head around and gave him a stone cold glare that
froze him in his
tracks. He continued into the cave as his armor fused with his skin forming
the previously
mentioned exoskeleton. The armor burst into flames and completely
illuminated the
interior of the cave.

Ryoko lie on the cold, damp floor of the ominously dark cavern floor crying
quietly.  She
heard footsteps and thought “Great here comes Tenchi to tell me ‘its all
right’ and ‘you
didn’t mean to do it and we all still love you’” She buried her face in her
arms hiding her
shame and listened to the footsteps draw closer.  Had she been less upset
she would have
noticed the strange sound accompanying the footsteps, the sound of a sun or
a comet. The
footsteps stopped a few feet from her and she noticed the ground beneath her
growing
warmer.

“Ryoko....” Phoenix said almost whispering. She heard him. Ryoko spun around
half
expecting a ghost, the other half expecting a horrible demon. She got both.

“What the hell are you!?” Ryoko backed up astonished and created her energy
sword. She
then noticed the entire being was engulfed in flames. The armor retracted
from Phoenix’s
head and he removed it. “But how!?”

“Please....sit.” Phoenix said and motioned to a fallen stalagmite.  She
paused for a moment
and her sword vanished as she slowly walked over to the stalagmite wiping
the tears from
her eyes.  The rest of Phoenix’s armor retracted and lay in a heap on the
floor still ablaze.
He sat down near her.

“How.... (sobbing) how are you still here?” Ryoko asked.

“Well first of all I’d like to tell you its all right and I know that you
didn’t mean to kill me,
But I guess I could leave that up to Tenchi.”  Phoenix said with a smirk
Ryoko looked
into his eyes and although quite confused managed a small smile. “Second I’d
like to
explain why I’m here and not on my way back home with you as a trophy.”
Ryoko moved
away from him slowly.  He turned to her and sighed.  She was even more
beautiful in the
firelight, her amber eyes so full of life.  “I.....” he couldn’t continue he
knew this wasn’t
going to be easy. “I.......think Tenchi loves you” he blurted out. Why
couldn’t he tell her
the truth? why couldn’t he tell her he loved her and she was the most
beautiful thing he’d
ever seen in his countless millennia of life. “And I couldn’t... break that
up it wouldn’t be
right.”

“You think so!?” Ryoko said with even more life in her beautiful amber eyes
and a loving
smile on her face.

“Yes I can see it in his body language.” All that mattered was she was happy
he would
give his life a billion times to spare her one second of grief.  After this
was said he stood
and put his armor back on.  “When you leave please send Tenchi in.” he said
and gave her
a small kiss on the cheek.  She flushed and paused for a moment.

“Thank you...” she said and hugged Phoenix tightly and headed for the mouth
of the cave.
She ran to Tenchi and kissed him passionately.  Tenchi noticed that this
kiss was out of
love and not just flirtation. Eventually she broke off the kiss and stared
into his eyes. “He
said he wants to talk to you Tenchi.” Ryoko said smiling. Tenchi stood
stunned from the
kiss for several seconds.

“Uhh...oh ok Ryoko I’ll be back in a minute.” Tenchi walked into the cave.
Almost
immediately the entrance collapsed.

“TENCHI!” Ryoko screamed running towards the now settling rubble. She tried
to phase
through the rocks but a barrier prevented it. By now Tenchi was already
pinned against
the wall with a flaming sword at his throat and no escape. Tenchi-ken was
still back at the
house and all he can see is the fiery eyes of Phoenix through his
exoskeleton armor.
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
End Part 1
Will Phoenix kill Tenchi? Will he make Tenchi-kabobs in a white wine sauce?
Will Tenchi
manage to escape with his life? And what about Sasami? is she really as good
a cook as
they all make it seem!? Find out in Part 2 of 3 in the Phoenix Trilogy.

So how’d ya like it? I don’t know how long it will take for part 2 probably
a few weeks if
I get good reviews maybe months if their bad (Gotta spend more time
improving) I don’t
know yet but I’ll let ya know. Later.
If you want to criticize me go for it, say what you will but send all
questions comments
and hate mail to phoenixikki12@hotmail.com
Once again the characters arent mine so dont sue.
