Piece of Mind Part 4: “Mirror on a face”

The story so far: If your reading this and haven’t read chapter 1 or 2, then
go read them I aint explaining them. In chapter 3 Cuchulainn fits in nicely
with the Mazaki family. His view on everyone is clearly seen (he gets along
with them all except Mihoshi.) But after a bad start with Kiyone Cuchulainn
runs away. She mistook him for someone else and opened fire. After returning
Cuchulainn is jumped by no other then Ayeka and Sasami’s mother and aunt.
Soon the king joins to celebrate Funaho’s birthday. But they are being
watched…

        Cuchulainn relaxed his grip on the wooden sword. Tenchi wasn’t
making any
moves to attack, so all assumptions were that Cuchulainn would open. I guess
a simple jab would get Tenchi moving he thought; though I feel like showing
off, so lets see if I learned anything. Tenchi watched as Cuchulainn allowed
his sword to swing in his palm and hang, no grip just a string around
Cuchulainn’s wrist. He took two steps back, Tenchi knew Cuchulainn can be
sly and even more when he wanted to show off. Tenchi mind was beginning to
wander on how Cuchulainn would attack. Would he jump over me and come from
behind, or try to lure me into a false sense of attack. It was one thing
about Tenchi anyone can see, when his mind wonders he sticks out like a
thorn. Cuchulainn knew this as well and used the moment for a simple
foreword attack. He moved quickly at Tenchi who only got his sword up in
defence when Cuchulainn had already reached him, after three blows Tenchi
was tripped up and pinned to the ground.
        “Give up?” Asked Cuchulainn his face beside Tenchi as he put his
weight on
Tenchi’s back. Grinning Tenchi replied “No… You forgot to take my ribbon!”
With this Tenchi kicked Cuchulainn off, with a cheer from the crowd he swung
for a red ribbon tied around Cuchulainn’s neck. The ribbons were the goal of
the tournament, cutting it off declares you the winner. It was made harder
by using wooden swords, so the only way to win was to hook the ribbon and
pull it off.
        Cuchulainn dodged Tenchi’s attacks and returned his own volley of
attacks.
A game of Tennis came into being with the two taking turns to get the others
ribbon both always failing.
        The crowd was watching the fight with great interest, very few had
expected
it to be so intense, the queens were both amazed at the speed of Cuchulainn
who never seemed to touch the ground. Ryoko and Ayeka were not as impressed
with Cuchulainn they’ve watched him fight Tenchi before, what did surprise
them was that Tenchi was putting a lot into the fight. The king kept quiet
not showing any signs of being impressed by either fighter especially
Tenchi. Funaho noticing her husband’s silence whispered to him “Any chance
of a wager on who’ll win?”
        “If I had to bet, it would be on the Irish boy.”
        “Is that because he’s better or because you still don’t get along
with
Tenchi?”
        “Because that is who I would bet on, end of discussion.”
        “All right” Funaho turned away from her husband and looked towards
her
niece and the demon Ryoko “who are you two betting for.”
        Ayeka was first to answer. “Well aunt Funaho, seeing lord Tenchi is
of
Jurian blood I think he will come out the better.”
        “Well princess your right, Tenchi will win but not because of that
Jurian
blood if anything it’s a handicap!”
        “What are you saying!” Ayeka was standing to face Ryoko but before
either
could begin, Tenchi was sent flying between the two. A kick from Cuchulainn
had put him off balance, recovering from it he turned to face his opponent
again. But Cuchulainn was now calmly sitting, smile on his face.
        “Lose something?” He asked grin widening as he held up his wooden
sword
with the ribbon hanging from it. Tenchi gave a sigh more in relief then
defeat and collapsed down on the ground.
        Cuchulainn bowed expecting some applause for the impressive fight.
Silence
reigned instead, Ryoko, Ayeka and most of the others had either shocked or
annoyed faces, guess everyone wanted Tenchi to win thought Cuchulainn.
Slowly a single person clapped, then laughed. Everyone looked at the king in
surprise even his two wives were confused. Then slowly Funaho began clapping
then Washu and Mazaki; finally Sasami, Tenchi and Mihoshi joined in. The
other girls were annoyed that “their” Tenchi was defeated. Kiyone still
didn’t trust the boy so she just watched quietly sipping tea. Yosho and
Nobiyuki stepped forward; it was their turn to fight. Much to the sniggering
and laughter of the crowd. Yosho had really chosen a fight he couldn’t lose;
everyone could see the panic in Nobiyuki’s face. Cuchulainn sat down with
the crowd passing a few comments to Tenchi and Washu. Azusa sat down beside
Cuchulainn and gave him a nod.
        “Did I earn your respect?” asked Cuchulainn.
        “Very much, I enjoyed watching you fight, it put my great grandson
in his
place.” Tenchi overheard this but chose not to comment.
        “And I must say I was impressed with your skill for such a young
age.”
Azusa just watched the preparations for the fight not looking at Cuchulainn
directly. “I look foreword to fighting you myself.”
        “That’s if I beat Yosho…”
        “Or Nobiyuki.”
        “Well I wouldn’t count on…” Cuchulainn began when the shortest Fight
ever
happened, Yosho charged at Nobiyuki who just held his sword up in defence,
but just as he reached Nobiyuki he lost balance and fell face first onto the
ground. His ribbon caught on Nobiyuki’s sword; Nobiyuki himself kept his
eyes closed praying. Everyone just looked confused. Then they all laughed as
Yosho commented that he intended for this or other excuses.  The group then
drank tea and chatted for a few minutes before the next fight. The girls all
chatted with Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka telling him the fight was unfair,
Mihoshi asking why they were fighting and Sasami telling him he was great.
Cuchulainn stepped out of the crowd back onto the roof to watch. The older
group was also discussing the fights mainly Yosho’s embarrassing defeat.
Nobiyuki was boasting about it, Yosho making excuses, Azusa was actually
laughing and showing great admiration for Cuchulainn’s fight. The two queens
chatted and Funaho agreed it was an excellent present. Kiyone was again
asking Washu about Cuchulainn. “Look Kiyone, if your so unsure about him
talk to him yourself. You haven’t said a word to him yet.
        “Well I did say freeze?”
        “Now you sound like Mihoshi…”
        “I was being sarcastic Washu, anyway you said you scanned the boy…”
        “LOOK! After his next fight go over and apologies for you behaviour
earlier
and introduce yourself. Trust me you two have more in common then you’d
think?”
        “Washu…” Kiyone saw the look she was receiving.
        “Little Washu, what do you mean when you say in common?”
        “Well you both don’t get along with Mihoshi!” Kiyone smiled at this
and
listened into the other conversations.
        The next fight was Yosho and Tenchi, followed by the main match
between
Cuchulainn and Nobiyuki. Above the crowd a man continued to watch through a
sniper scope, his target resting on the head of Azusa. He smiled dreaming of
revenge.
        The fight between Tenchi and Yosho was the usual flare that the two
gave,
with a great support from the crowd. In the end Yosho retained some
self-respect by defeating Tenchi. While everyone waited for the next
Cuchulainn sat by himself thinking. Sasami came over to him. “You feel
uneasy being here with family huh?”  Sasami innocent as ever went straight
to the point. OF course it was a point Cuchulainn didn’t want to talk about.
“Well I…uhh don’t know uhmm okay yes I fell a little in the cold with not
being family, but don’t worry about me I can cope.” Sasami smiled.
        “You don’t have to cope with anything, you are family just like
Kiyone,
Mihoshi and Ryoko.” She hugged the boy.” You can be my big brother!”
Cuchulainn smiled, he liked this. A big brother? I guess if I was ever in a
family I would have been one…He noticed Sasami’s aunt Funaho watching them,
she walked over and kneeled down to where Sasami was hugging Cuchulainn.
“And what are we doing over here?”
        “Aunt Funaho… Can Cuchulainn be my big brother?” Funaho smiled.
        “Of course Sasami we would love another member to the family, and I
think
Cuchulainn makes a excellent big brother, he doesn’t cause as much trouble
with the ladies as Tenchi.” Funaho gave Cuchulainn a warm look; he smiled
back then a thought struck him. “Sasami if I’m like a brother to you what’s
Tenchi?”
        “Tenchi’s Tenchi nothing comes close to him…” She gave a big smile
with
this followed by a giggle. Cuchulainn had to agree Tenchi was something
else. He was honest, caring and a good man in many ways. It doesn’t surprise
me at all that the women love him.
        Azusa then called for the Tournament to continue and Cuchulainn went
to
face Nobiyuki, a strange fight because unlike Yosho Cuchulainn wasn’t being
as aggressive. He watched Nobiyuki cower trying to hold the sword steady. He
sighed, he isn’t going to attack and I don’t want to make Yosho’s mistake.
He sighed again, go with the flow. Cuchulainn charged at the cowering
Nobiyuki and unlike Yosho didn’t fall but instead hit Nobiyuki too hard and
sent him across the boardwalk. Funnily though his on acceleration kept up
and went with him. The two crashed about the ground until friction stopped
them. Cuchulainn was first to stand up, he looked down at Nobiyuki he seemed
unconscious, well it looks like I win thought Cuchulainn, now for the Rib…He
stopped, gulped and fingered around his chest for his own. His own ribbon
was missing, he looked down at Nobiyuki and in his hand he clenched the
Ribbon. Cuchulainn fell over, as the crowd all just stared dumb founded at
the result. Yosho was first to laugh and last as no one else joined him.
Most of them were as lost as Cuchulainn in the result. Azusa even had a more
annoyed look then normal.
        So the final was meant to be between Azusa and Nobiyuki and the mood
made
everyone think that Nobiyuki will win, if he woke up. The man was still out
from his last “accident” so everyone agreed this was an excellent time for
people to move around, Washu was trying to convince Azusa to come to her
lab. Mazaki was learning a few recipes from Sasami and Funaho was stuck
trying to break up Ryoko and Ayeka. Cuchulainn feeling more relaxed placed
himself at the table and took a cup of tea. HE watched the crowd, Ryoko
hanging out of Tenchi giving Ayeka the tongue while she fumed and demanded
by some sort of royal right to let Tenchi go. Of course Tenchi was quiet and
Funaho was trying to break them up. He sighed. Mihoshi was quiet tonight, he
scanned for her, she was looking after Nobiyuki and talking to Yosho. She
may say some really stupid things but at least she took care of people.
Cuchulainn personally avoided her; she gave him a headache. “Hi, is it okay
I sit here?” A voice asked from behind, it was an unusual voice to
Cuchulainn mainly because last time he heard it she wanted him dead.
        “Sure, allow me.” He stood up to let Kiyone sit. After resetting
himself he
gave her a look, one he hoped would tell her that he hasn’t forgotten
earlier. She didn’t look like she wasn’t going to apologies. She looked at
him blankly then started talking. “About earlier, I know it must have given
you a shock but if you let me explain you might understand and it might help
you.” Kiyone was avoiding the whole sorry topic and was trying to give a
reason for her madness. Cuchulainn just watched for now. She assumed this
meant he was listening.
        “Well, before I came here I was…” The story was interrupted with
Ryoko
flying between them knocking most of the delve off the table and onto the
ground with a crash. She turned back to the princess. “You want to prove
something Princess you got to catch me!” She stuck her tongue out and flew a
bit higher. Ayeka now gone beyond fuming had brought her Jurai forcefield on
around her she was going to show this demon a lesson tonight. “You come down
here Demon!”
        “Make me!” came the reply.
        “RYOKO!” Cuchulainn saw what was coming as did Kiyone and the two
left
towards the other side of the house before the fireworks began. “You learn
fast.” Commented Kiyone.
        “Huh? How?” Cuchulainn didn’t understand.
        “Most people who don’t know this family would have stayed there and
tried
to calm the two down.”
        “Then why does Mihoshi still try?”
        “That’s just Mihoshi, best not try and understand her.” Cuchulainn
smiled
weakly; at least she understood one thing he did.
        “You were saying before we were interrupted.” Cuchulainn rested
against the
wall, as Kiyone tried to explain why she fired on him and that she was sorry
(without actually saying sorry).
        Meanwhile back at the back Nobiyuki had woken up and everyone had
gathered
for the final. Nobody except Washu and Mihoshi noticed the two missing
people. Washu chose to stay quiet. Mihoshi was hushed because of the
upcoming event. The crowd was silent as Azusa took the wooden sword and
faced Nobiyuki who felt more confident due to his lucky streak earlier.
Azusa was in a Jurian fighting stance, preparing himself to attack, silence
stretched for this whole time, then gasps came as they watched him tense
every muscle in his body, Nobiyuki gulped.
        Azusa timed his attack to last five seconds and hopefully he will
not make
the same error as the other two. He took a step towards Nobiyuki. It was cut
short; a shot rang across the land and the ground before Azusa exploded in
fragments of wood. The crowd scanned the horizon seeing to where it came
from, Ryoko already preparing the worse formed her energy sword. Tenchi was
trying to get Tenchi-kan working, while his grandpa just watched for their
new guest. A man dropped down from the roof, pistol in his hand, he faced
Nobiyuki and had his back to the crowd, and Nobiyuki face seemed to relax a
moment before the man headbutted him putting him out again. He turned slowly
to the crowd.
        On the other side of the house Cuchulainn and Kiyone heard the shot
and
went for their guns, a click made them stop. “Don’t even try it.” Came a
voice from a balaclaved man. He held an Ak-47 and wore a camo top with dark
green combats. More men appeared wearing the same getup.
        “Ladies and Gentlemen, I am sorry to say that your tournament is
cancelled,
as a replacement we will be showing the execution of a king.” A smiled
flashed across the face. The face which had light blue eyes, The face with
dark brown hair parted in the middle and grown down to the mans ears. The
face the people of this house became to know as a friend’s face. Mihoshi was
first to speak. “Cuchulainn what are you up to?” The rest f the crowd joined
hr in her perplexion. The man looked blankly at them; he was the right age,
same build and same face nothing different. Except for the change of clothes
which were now a dark trenchcoat with a kevlar of some kind underneath. He
continued to look blankly at them. “Who’s Cuchulainn?”
        “You are silly.” Responded Mihoshi who was giggling. The rest have
become
aware that he wasn’t Cuchulainn and were stepping back to get away from the
unwelcome visitor. They met the barrels of the other men who had now
surrounded the group.
        “Handcuff them all now, be careful of Ryoko, Washu, Yosho and
Tenchi. Make
sure you get the sword off Tenchi and catch that Cabbit!” The man was
shouting orders here and there as the men clamped big restraining cuffs on
the family. One man was chasing Ryo-ooki who was darting around under the
table crying for help. They finally cornered it and threw it into a carrying
case. The man turned from the now captured crowd back to the king who was
being cuffed himself.
        “Now Azusa, I have you were my dreams have been for so long, has it
been
six years? I still feel the pain as if it was yesterday.”
        “I don’t know who or what you are but you have the King of…
        “JURAI!! Yes I know… I also know that that boy over there is the
next in
line for the throne with your own son abandoning it. Now don’t ridicule me
with Jurian honour, I was force fed it for five years! Or have you
forgotten?”
        “Boss!” One of the men called. “What do we do with these two we
caught out
front.”
        “Put them with the rest, Christ isn’t it  obvious. Kiyone and the
other boy
go with the group we just want the king!”
        “But Boss…Its you.” The leader turned annoyed to find the guard held
in the
grip of Cuchulainn who slowly broke his neck, Kiyone behind him pistol
drawn, the other men had taken aim at the two but neither seemed scared. The
two men looked at each other. Its impossible, they were identical, every
last detail the same. The leader gave a snarl of anger and turned sword
drawn to the neck of Azusa. “What Jurian trick is this king!
        “none, that boy is guest here.” He said this through his teeth
feeling the
sword at his neck.
        “Then I ask you,” he turned to the boy. “Who are you?”
        “I was going to ask you the same!” Cuchulainn dropped the dead guard
and
walked towards the doppleganger of himself. The two now inches away from
each other stared deeply down into each others eyes. Cuchulainn was first to
speak. “What is your name?” The other laughed.
        “I’m Conn –La, recently appointed the most wanted pirate, hitman,
Demon by
some superstitious folk, whatever you please in the universe.”
        “Oh really and why should I be impressed?”
        “Because I killed the general of the Jurian special forces with my
bare
hands, I assassinated seven Jurian and Galaxy police leaders and bombed a
hotel containing three more political targets.”
        “I take it then you know Kiyone?”
        “Yes, a lovely lady, takes her job too serious.” The group had got a
very
creepy feeling looking at the two stare at each other, but those of Jurai
blood got really worried at the announcement of the Jurai special forces
murder. Funaho spoke first. “Conn –La, do you expect us to believe you
killed the most well trained knights without the Jurian power?”
        “The power is over rated my dear, But lets drop the history lesson,
I want
to make things clear I am in charge here. If you, whoever you are make a
single move my man here will shoot the king.”
        Cuchulainn calmly looked up at the king and at the man behind him
with the
gun.
        “Your highness, do you trust me?”
        “I told you, you had my respect.” Azusa answered calmly not even
looking at
the two.
        “then you better trust me as well.” Conn –la knew something was
wrong he
turned to attack Cuchulainn sword swinging in from the left. But Cuchulainn
had let himself fall back pulling out his gun in the process. A shot
skimming past Azusa hit the guard in the face, killing him instantly. Taking
the moment Ryoko kicked back at her guard breaking one of his kneecaps. This
was followed by Kiyone opening fire on the other men who took cover. Se
fired at Ryoko’s cuffs blowing them clear off. Ryoko powered her sword up
and shouted “Let me show how a real demon works!” She attacked a group of
men while Kiyone blasted the cuffs off the rest of the group. Tenchi got
Tenchi kan working and attacked the nearest guard. Sasami ducked under the
table looking for the carrier case containing Ryo-ooki. When she had freed
Ryo-ooki, she gave a little whimper while she hugged her tightly. As the
whole group took control of the situation Conn –la saw his plan failing. He
quickly took his last hostage, Azusa and took to the forests. Cuchulainn
followed.
        The two raced through the woods, both dived and jumped from branch
to
branch, keeping their feet on the ground for as short of a time as possible.
Finally Conn –la gave up running and turned to face Cuchulainn before a
waterfall. His hostage was brought in front of him, he loaded a gun and
aimed to kill with a shot to the back of the head. Cuchulainn dived to
intervene cutting the gun from Conn –la’s hand. A flush of anger went though
the man as he took his sword in hand.
        “In reason why you wanted this man dead?” Cuchulainn despite having
to
fight wanted to know why this was happening and was it a clue to who he was.
Conn –la smiled and placed the sword back.
        “Why don’t you ask our friend here, he’ll tell you this is his
fault.”
        “ I don’t know who either of you are!” Announced the king, only to
find
Conn –la striking at him.
        “Do you remember when you came here six years ago? Do you remember
the day
you took something away from a young twelve year old boy and then decided to
take him away as well. Let me remind you, You mercilessly killed a bus full
of people and one girl who meant everything and anything to this twelve year
old boy.” Cuchulainn knew this, he saw that in his dreams, this revengeful
maniac beside him was him, and the king of Jurai took someone, a girl away
from them both. They both looked at the king for his answer.

End of Part 4

Coming in part 5:

The next episode tells it all, who Conn –la is and his past. And wow is it a
bad life. Revenge, lost, torture, suffering and war all form to create the
most broken mind ever, a man with nothing, a man who is the exactly the same
as Cuchulainn. Also the gang face another trouble maker known as Phobias as
Cuchulainn rescues the king and faces his darkest self in the form of Conn
–la.