Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction

Piece of Mind Part 2: Mazaki European tour

The story so far:
Washu, Sasami, Kamidake and Azaka Found a young boy outside the house, after
nursing him back to health they discover he is from Ireland and doesn’t
speak the same language. So Washu plans to go to Ireland with Tenchi and
Sasami to solve the problem. Meanwhile Ryoko and Ayeka plot to take Tenchi
elsewhere and the boy escapes the lab…

It was cold in Dublin, as usual and down a small street off Graften Street a
blue orb appeared, it sucked in the air all around it until it imploded
leaving a confused Sasami and Tenchi, and a not impressed Washu in its
place.
        “This is Ireland? Doesn’t look too impressive?” commented Tenchi as
he
observed the street.
        “Tenchi would I be stupid to teleport you to a place where people
would see
a big blue electric orb?
        “Guess not, anyway we better get whatever you need and then we can
go
back…”
        Sasami then interrupted with a stern look on her face “Oh no, I came
here
to see Ireland so we’ll see a few of the sites!” Washu looked at this and
sighed.
        “Too right, Tenchi take Sasami around I’ll meet you back here in two
hours,
goodbye!” With that she left ignoring Tenchi’s pleas for help. He sighed and
took Sasami by the hand to guide her through Dublin.
        Meanwhile back at the Mazaki household, Ryoko had to do something
very
desperate. She faced Mihoshi and asked her to go to Paris with her and
Tenchi. “Oh really? I’d love to, but we don’t have a spaceship?”
        “Mihoshi! Its on Earth!”
        “Oh great, I’ll come!”
        “Great, but Mihoshi, while we are there you are on your own.”
        Mihoshi was about to cry about getting lost but Ryoko faded out
before she
could start, she looked confused for a minute then just went back to
watching soaps.
        Outside the boy sprinted through the woods, his balance and skill
was
returning to him, he could easily stand on branches and not fall, so he
spent most of his time at the top of the trees looking for something to tell
him where he is. He hoped down off a tree to land near the Mazaki shrine,
scanning the courtyard he assumed he must be in Japan or China, yet one
thing he was sure of was he wasn’t from either. The yard looked empty and
the boy slowly moved around it, maybe the people here know something about
him. As he approached the house he knew he wasn’t alone, an Elder man
dropped from above wooden sword drawn, he swung a swipe that would have
caught anyone off guard, but the boy just stepped aside. Yosho surprised at
this stood up and stared at the boy, the two watched each other closely, the
boy unarmed was impressed at the mans skill for such an age. Yosho was
unsure about the intruder he showed no intent of violence yet he hadn’t made
a move of peace either. They stood and stared at each other for a long time.
        Back in Ireland Washu walked into a bookstore and went to the
counter.
There a young blonde looked over at her and asked in a voice familiar to
Washu  “Oh WOW! I love what you did with your hair little girl.”
        “Okay… this is familiar, Uhmm lady I need to find a book…” Washu
began but
already could see this girl had been trained to sell books.
        “Okay little girl, I know just the books for your age group.”
        “Really you have book’s for two thousand year olds here?” Washu
grinned
with the comment. The Girl didn’t listen much.
        “Oh you’re so cute, now do you like harry potter? How about
Sabrina?”
        “ Listen lady I need a book teaching the Irish language, do you have
one?”
Washu was frustrated now; it felt like asking Mihoshi to land her ship.
        “Yes, I think we have lots of books on Irish language, if you go
down the
hall. Then turn to your right you’ll find a room full of them, thank you.
The Girl wasn’t speaking this but reciting it.
Washu went down the hall to find about a hundred books all about the same
language, so much for being a dead language she thought. She spent the next
two hours copying the books into her laptop before meeting up with Tenchi
and Sasami in an Irish café.
        “Well I got my job done, how about you two? Washu asked as she sat
down
drinking her tea.
        “It’s a nice country Washu so many strange people, and me and Tenchi
found
a zoo, can we visit before we go?” Sasami had an exciting day watching
performers on Graften Street and seeing all Dublin had to show. Tenchi was
exhausted and a good portion of his pocket money had disappeared.
        “I don’t see why not?” he said wearily, “We might as well see
everything
before we go.”
        Back at the Mazaki household Ayeka was having tea with Nobiyuki. He
agreed
to go to Rome with her and Tenchi, after mentioning earlier that he wanted
to see it. But unlike Mihoshi he wanted something out of it. “So if we go
you promise to go on a date with me?” He announced with a grin.
        “Mr Mazaki you are too old! (No offence meant)”
        “I know but if I don’t go you’ll have Ryoko instead…”
        “Oh all right, but may I ask permission to spend our time in Italy
with
lord Tenchi?”
        “Oh sure I know what your up to with my son, you be careful with
him.”
        “What is that meant to mean?” Ayeka was shocked but also turning
red.
        “Exactly what you think princess, Nobiuki can see you feelings as
easily as
the rest of us.” Ryoko had faded in through a wall and was smirking at the
sight of Ayeka.
        “This is none of your business DEMON! GET OUT!”
        It was no longer quiet in the Mazaki household. But it wasn’t quiet
outside
neither. Along the Mazaki steps the boy hopped six steps at a time avoiding
attacks from Yosho. He had a wooden sword to defend himself, which he picked
up from the courtyard, and was being very successful at avoiding Yosho.
Yosho himself was surprised as well, the boy could avoid everything he had
and gives it right back. His skills of evasion was excellent, he would move
from place to place balancing on one foot and pressing off with great
strength despite being only stationary for less then a second. The fight was
moving all over the shrine because of this. The boy was tiring Yosho out, at
one point they were going down the steps then through the woods back up on
top of the shrine into the courtyard. The two met there, dust spreading in a
gush around them forming a small arena as the two clashed their wooden
swords.  Through the whole battle the two stayed deathly silent.
        In Dublin Zoo the three Mazaki tourists were enjoying the company of
the
animals, and Sasami who had always had a passion for animals was probably in
one of her happiest moods. The penguins and other animals excited even
Ryo-ooki. It was quiet that day so there was no fear of anyone noticing the
cabbit, and the three relaxed. Tenchi though was questioning Washu about the
trip and as usual Washu was leading him on without giving a clue to the real
purpose of the trip.
        Back in the lab Kamidake and Azaka were lost, “I don’t think the boy
is
here anymore” Azaka announced. “Oh dear, we could have a problem.” Replied
Kamidake.
        Ryo-ooki was watching the elephants in their big pen with Sasami; of
course
both were impressed. A noise from a nearby building indicated feeding time
for the big animals, as the two that Sasami watched slowly walked towards a
feeder. Ryo-ooki suddenly jumped as she saw carrots pour into the feeder
with hay and other vegetables and fruits, she jumped into the pen running
frantically towards the food. “Ryo-ooki STOP!” pleaded Sasami as the little
cabbit ran between the large animals. The appearance of the small animal
frightened the larger beasts and they jumped about, almost crushing Ryo-ooki
several times, finally one of them hit her hard with its trunk sending her
across the pen into another smaller one. Sasami ran over to help her. Inside
the pen Ryo-ooki whimpered, gave a small meow and then looked around to see
where she was. In front of her stood a tiger, giving her the most confused
look. “MEOW?” she quietly said. The tiger answered with a roar and tried to
pounce on the strange animal, which was to be its dinner. The cabbit
panicked jumping around the pen; it was prepared to turn into a ship when
Tenchi grabbed it away from the jaws of the tiger through the bars. A gasp
of relief came from all of them except the tiger, which growled,
disappointed. Ryo-ooki stuck its tongue out at it to receive a growl back
and a stern look from Washu. “I think we’ve had enough fun for one day lets
go home.” She pressed a button on her wrist and the three figures
disappeared. The only witness a pissed off tiger and two confused elephants.
        Back in the lab three found both Ryoko and Mihoshi packed and ready,
Ryoko
quickly grabbed Tenchi without listening to his pleas and jumped into the
machine followed by Mihoshi. Washu pressed a button and the three were off
to Paris. “Poor boy.” Commented Washu; Sasami nodded her head in agreement.
        “Where is that WITCH!” Cried Ayeka as she came in. Washu simply
pointed to
the machine. Ayeka went red with fury and demanded to have them brought
back. Washu sighed pressed a few more buttons and a screen appeared showing
Ryoko and Tenchi in Paris. “Only if she does something, we will all regret
will you press the return button, until then feel free to watch I have work
to do.” Explained Washu seating Ayeka who was too angry to speak and just
stared at the screen.
        “And I gotta cook dinner, bye!” said Sasami as she left the lab with
all
her souvenirs.
        Washu settled in another part of the laboratory and began creating a
pill
that will help them understand the boy. Of course she was confident she
could do it. Kamidake and Azaka were outside looking for the boy and it
never occurred to Washu to wonder were he was.
        Ayeka watched as Ryoko and Tenchi went around Paris, strangely Ryoko
wasn’t
pulling any stunts.
        “Its so great to be away from that irritating princess isn’t it
Tenchi?”
Ryoko asked as the two ate in a restaurant on the Eiffel tower.
        “Ryoko! Will stop causing so much trouble!”
        “Me, trouble, the only trouble I’ll give you is in your room.” Ryoko
snapped with a mischievous grin.
        Ayeka Fumed.
        “Where has Mihoshi gone to?” Tenchi asked looking around.
        “I don’t know and I don’t care Tenchi, come on lets experience the
love
this city’s got. Ryoko moved close to kiss Tenchi when suddenly the two
vanished.  Ryoko looked up surprised to be back in Washu labs. “Hey what’s
the big idea!”
        “Miss Washu told me to teleport you back if you did anything we will
all
regret…”
        “I wasn’t going to regret it!” snapped Ryoko.
        “I don’t care about you demon, now lord Tenchi would you like to go
to Rome
with me and your father?” Ayeka was trying to look as polite as possible
ignoring Ryoko’s very angry face.
        “Uhmm what about Mihoshi?”
        “Oh I’ll bring her straight back!” Ayeka proudly pressed a button
and
Mihoshi reappeared with four bags full of clothes and other items.
        “Mihoshi? Where did you get the money?” Asked Tenchi slightly
worried and
confused.
        “Oh my Galaxy police credit card…”
        “Didn’t know Paris accepted alien credit cards?” interrupted Ryoko.
        “Oh oh, this isn’t mine…” Mihoshi gave a look of about to cry and
Tenchi
grabbed it off her, Nobiyuki had walked into the room and collapsed at the
sound of Tenchi’s words “Its Dads, Mihoshi used Dads credit card in Paris!”
        It took half an hour to wake Nobiyuki and another hour to stop
Mihoshi
crying. After which to calm Nobiyuki, Tenchi and Ayeka took him to Rome,
Tenchi’s treat much to his and Ryoko’s dislike.
        Outside Yosho and the boy continued to fight as it moved down
towards the
house. They were now on the deck the two moving in the most expansive and
strange ways. The boy especially never stayed still he used every limb he
had to balance, constantly changing foot or hand to stand on and always
hopping off walls, he was a fast and vicious warrior who used every part of
his body as his weapons. Sasami looked out the window to see this fight,
screamed and ran into the lab to get Washu.
        Ryoko seeing Sasami’s worried face followed her from the viewscreen
of
Tenchi and Ayeka in Rome.  Washu saw the worried expression and already had
half the idea.
        “Washu! The boy he’s fighting Yosho!”
        “What boy?” Asked Ryoko
        “Come on, I’ll explain later Ryoko, get Tenchi back here!” Washu
said
quickly getting to her feet and taking some pill out of one her machines.
Her and Sasami ran back outside while Ryoko teleported Tenchi and Ayeka
back.
        “HEY! I didn’t do anything like you, why you bring us back!” Ayeka
demanded.
        “No time Yosho is in trouble!” Ryoko shouted grabbing Tenchi.
        “Grandpa?” Tenchi asked confused.
        Back in Rome Nobiyuki was left to his own deeds with Tenchi’s pocket
money
he wasn’t complaining.

Outside the two warriors were now in a close fight, neither was trying any
dashes or long evasions anymore, it was close and brutal. When the others
joined Washu and Sasami watching, Tenchi looked at Yosho then at the boy.
“Who’s he and why is he attacking grandpa?”
        “We’ll explain later Tenchi, now we gotta stop the two fighting.”
Washu
said as she pulled out her laptop.
        “No time Washu!” Tenchi shouted as he pulled out Tenchi-kan powered
it up
and charged at the boy. The boy saw it clearly; jumped did a roundhouse kick
in mid-air to the back of his head and sent Tenchi into the lake. “Pog mo
Hon!” The boy said as he watched Tenchi hit the water. Ryoko flared up her
energy sword but before she could do anything Sasami was there. She smacked
the boy across the face gave him a stern look and said “Don’t say bad words,
and don’t pick on Tenchi!” The boy gave a confused look and said something
in Irish to Yosho who replied in Irish. Washu was surprised at this, and
Sasami was too “Yosho you speak Irish?” she asked.
        “A bit, we had a Irish man here a few years back before Tenchi was
born, I
learned a bit from him.” Yosho gingerly said as he scratched his back with
the wooden sword.
        “Then why were the two of you fighting?” asked Ayeka who was
confused more
then anyone.
        “We were just sparing, the boy is quite good and needs to vent some
of his
confusion… speaking of which Washu did you mess with his mind? He can’t
remember anything?”
        “No, it was one of the mysteries when we found him.” Washu replied
taking
the pill over to the boy and handing it to him, motioning him to swallow it.
The boy threw it down his throat and then turned to help Tenchi out of the
water. Washu looked at her watch counted to six then asked the boy how he
was feeling. He replied “Is mise fine? What the hell? I understood what you
said?” the boy looked perplexed. Washu smiled and turned to the group “Am I
a genius or what.”
        Tenchi getting himself dried was very confused but Washu promised to
explain everything over dinner but something else was bugging him. He
suddenly remembered. “DAD!” He ran into the laboratory to find Washu looking
at the screen with Nobiyuki enjoying himself with six Italian girls.
        “Do you think we should bring him back?” she asked.
        “Wait till tea time, he looks happy and he might forgive Mihoshi
after
this.” The two smiled and left the lab. Tenchi eager to know whom the boy
was.
        Meanwhile at Galaxy police headquarters Kiyone was finishing her
report and
was ready to head back to earth to check up on things and resume her post.
She was still very pissed off about that attacker on the hotel, it turned
out he was the best hitman available on the black market, and he almost had
her. If she ever met him again she was going to nail his ass. But what
worried her more was that his latest assignment was rumoured to involve
Jurai and she knew that involve Tenchi and the rest, she was anxious to get
back. She knew the attacker was going to meet her again.
        Meanwhile nearing Earth was a massive ship intent on calling at a
specific
household, inside a man grinned and whispered “Tenchi.”

End of part 2

Coming in part 3:

Sasami names the Irish boy Cuchulainn and he gets introduced to the Mazaki
family, meanwhile Kiyone is not the only person heading back to earth. After
three days Cuchulainn must face the toughest job anyone in the Mazaki family
can ever face.