Overview of the Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction by Connla Lyons.

This Saga is based in the Tenchi Muyo universe, 3 months after the first
visit by the royal family of Jurai. Now in that time Kiyone who was
introduced in the Mihoshi special has joined the group. She basically takes
her place that was hers in Tenchi universe. Now other characters of the
Tenchi universe name will appear but will have different roles and
significance.

The new characters introduced are based on Irish myth and legend: Cuchulainn
also known, as “The Great Hound of Ulster” was one of two greatest warriors
ever on Ireland. He is most famous for holding off entire armies at the
gates of Ulster. He was half god hence he had super human strength. He was
trained to be a great warrior and possessed great skill. He was finally
killed the children of a witch who were pure evil. What is not told of the
story is of their father. My second character is based on this father known
as Conn –La. In pre Celtic times in Ireland a mans name expressed his
nobility. If one man was to turn against his gods people and family he would
break his name to symbolise his hatred thus in legend a man named Connla a
great king with lots of love lost he women most dear to him. When He begged
the gods to return her they refused so he turned away from them burned his
castle and broke his name into Conn –La. He took to the land murdering and
destroying looking for a way to end all life or to return his love. His mind
had been destroyed with grief. To this day it is not known how his love was
lost. When he was finally killed he was sent to the God of Fire who made him
a demon. Not an ordinary one but the Demon of Anarchy. He returned to earth
and was christened the phoenix by non-Celtic believers. HE once again ran
amok until the pagan god’s altogether trapped his spirit in that of a human
soul and left him there powerless. It was in his brief rebirth that a witch
took the form of his love and they consummated forming the children of the
damned.

The total Sagas to expect are:

“Piece Of mind 1-6”
“A cry for life 1-6”
“A return to life 1-6”
“A crossover 1-8”

There are more in plan but those are in stone.

Connla “Tales Of The LightHawk Lyons”

-Now lets begin with the first saga at where the Misaki household get
involved in what will change everyone’s lives forever.

    -Usual copyright stuff every character (bar 2) and the settings are all
properties of pioneer entertainment and AIC no sueing necessary I am a slave
to their creation
-2 new characters are belonging to me: contact me if you wanna use either
one at clyons@eircom.net

Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction

Title: A piece of mind “part 1”: Language Barrier

A boy waked down a busy street in Dublin, capitol of Ireland, nothing was
impressive or peculiar about him, and was overweight and wore navy tracksuit
bottoms with a black top. Like I said nothing impressive.  He was crossing a
bridge over the river liffey when the whole thing just simply faded out. The
streets were still for a space of a second when the bridge faded back into
view. No one noticed, no one cared. Except for the boy who was now gone.
        The Mazaki household home of probably the strangest family in Japan,
not
only do we have the heirs of an alien throne but also a space pirate and her
genius of a mother. Its springtime and the guardians of Jurai are unusually
away from their posts at the door; they are relaxed by the lake away from
the house starring out across to the other side.
        One yawned and turned to the other “Earth is such a beautiful and
peaceful
place”
        “Yes and so boring” replied the other. They both turned back to
watching
the lake, like the guardians they are little escaped their attention as they
scanned the beautiful horizon over the lake. It then came to their attention
that something lay a bit down from them, half in the water. Curious the two
floated down to find a young boy, well built with medium brown hair divided
in the centre lying unconscious. On his back a plain sword was slung over
and a belt with various electronics. The two stared at this for awhile
unsure if it was a threat or not. “You think its dead?” asked Azaka the
other looked at him and then back at the boy. “He must be cold” was the
answer “Do you think the others would mind if we borrowed a blanket?”
        “But what if lady Ayeka does not it so?”
        “I don’t think we can let a boy die, what would master Tenchi say?”
        “I think he would be very stressed to hear that someone died” came
an
answer from behind the two. They turned to see Washu, (The genius mother
mentioned earlier) she was leaning against the tree her subspace laptop out
in front and was watching the two with a smirk of interest at how the two
were reacting to the situation. “Go on get a blanket, I don’t think anyone
will notice” She said, and Kamidake left to get one. “You can help me get
him out of the water.” She said to the other.
        Getting the boy out of the water was easy and Azaka carried him back
to the
house, halfway they met Kamidake and Washu put the blanket over him.
        Meanwhile Ayeka had walked out to bring in the washing, she took one
look
at the line and screamed “RYOKO!!!!!!!!” Ryoko hearing this quite clearly
put her head out from the wall and looked confused at Ayeka who was fuming.
“Wha?”
        “What do you mean WHA what you do with the blanket out here?”
        “There was a blanket there? Didn’t see it. I was in here with Tenchi
the
whole time
        “I don’t need to hear your excuses Ryoko just give it ba………WHAT ARE
YOU
DOING IN LORD TENCHI’S ROOM!!!!!!!!!!!!”
        Ayeka red with fury walked inside and stormed up to Tenchi’s room.
From
outside a muffled argument could be heard and then the faint plea for the
two to calm down. Washu listened to the scene with a grin on her face. The
two guardians on the other hand looked worried. “I think we have made lady
Ayeka upset.”
        “And probably caused serious damage to both lord Tenchi and Ryoko,”
interrupted Washu as she opened the back entrance to her laboratory.
           Inside the Guardians placed the boy a plain table Washu summoned
in and
then proceeded to leave. “Where are you two going?” Washu asked.
        “To apologies to lady Ayeka.”
        “Oh no! We don’t want anyone finding out we have another visitor,
especially lady Ayeka knowing her she will over react to the situation.”
        “So no one is to know…”
        “Yes No one I need to find out who he is and where he came from
before
anyone can mee…
“Oh WOW who’s this!” came the happy scream from Sasami who had just appeared
beside Washu with Ryo-ooki. Washu turning to look at her had a surprised
look on her face “Where did you come from?”
“I came in with Ryo-ooki!”
“MEEOW!”
“Oh… Sasami… could you please…” Began Washu with a slightly confused with
relaxed face
        “I won’t tell anyone not even my sister! But who is he?” came the
excited
answer with a rapid nodding as Sasami eagerly watched the unconscious boy
with great curiosity to who he was.
        “Well I’m about to find out by checking his mind, after I check to
see if
he’s going to be okay.” Washu carefully chose her words after remembering
what happened the last time she tried to check someone’s mind. Sasami didn’t
complain and went over to the guardians with Ryo-ooki.
        “Where are you going Azaka and Kamidake?” She asked them as they
turned to
return outside.
        “We are going back to our position, Mss Washu is it okay that we
check on
the boy later?” Washu looked up surprised the guardians were so interested
in him. “Sure!”
        The Guardians left and Washu performed a test to check if the boy
was still
going to stay with them in the land of the living. Sasami watched over her
excited at the arrival of a new guest, things have been quiet since Kiyone
went on holidays, Mihoshi stayed with them but she just watched the soaps.
        Meanwhile halfway across the universe near the Jurian empire’s
border a
small holiday planet currently had one not so cheerful visitor.
        “I SAID FREEZE!” Screamed Kiyone as she chased her quarry down an
alley,
she was meant to be on vacation but when this guy blows up half the hotel
she was staying in it didn’t feel like one anymore. The culprit was fast and
agile; he jumped from wall to wall bouncing over every obstacle. He moved so
easily that Kiyone noticed it was like trying to chase a rabbit or hare.
Finally the two came into the open, Kiyone fired a few shots at the runner
but he avoided them. He was wearing a dark trench coat, which looked like it
had light armour underneath. They were approaching the mall and from here
Kiyone could see clearly the electronic billboard which hung overhead
advertising the shops underneath. She tried another shot, it was dead on,
but the figure swung around throwing a sword into his hands and blocking the
shot. Kiyone could clearly see his face, a handsome boy in his late teens
with bright blue eyes. He grinned at her as he blocked her shot and darted
up the wall of the mall. At the top he sliced the energy containers on top
of the billboard causing the electric energy to crash down towards Kiyone.
She dived for cover as the electricity struck the floor and started lashing
its way across the ground. It was spreading towards her as she got up, she
needed to get off the ground and fast, jumping for a nearby fire escape she
grabbed the last bar and pulled herself to safety. The boy watched this,
stood tall and straight, smiled at her and was teleported to a pirate ship,
which appeared above the mall. Kiyone cursed.
        “That’s strange,” whispered Washu as she scanned her way through the
boy’s
files. He was a healthy boy with no serious damage yet…
        “What is it Washu is he sick?” Asked Sasami who was cuddling
Ryo-ooki
beside her.
        “Far from it he’s been enhanced!”
        “What?”
        “This boy has been trained to the final degree to be a killer.”
Washu said
coldly, stepping back from the laptop she looked at is equipment. A sword
made from a metal she cant identify two high powered energy pistols with a
adapter to charge clips from sockets, a light armour coat and boots. He was
prepared to be a one-man army but for what? Washu was beginning to worry
about bringing the boy in. He could have been sent to remove Tenchi and to
destroy the house of Jurai, or something else? Its too late now to be
worried Washu thought I’ll find all my answers in his memory.
        Sasami was not so worried she thought the boy had a peaceful face it
reminded her of Tenchi’s face yet with a more determined expression that
never cried. She looked at Washu and knew she wasn’t thinking the same.
Tsunami wasn’t worried either, nothing evil was felt in the boy yet neither
any good as if he had none. Why was this? She was about to find out.
        Washu loaded her Brain scanning machine and began going through the
boy’s
memory. Plain memories like that of knowledge and abilities were normal
almost above with photogenic images of manoeuvres in fighting and tactics.
But personal memory was different. “He’s blank!” exclaimed Washu.
        “What does that mean Washu?” asked Sasami more worried about this
then the
other topic.
        “He doesn’t have any personal memory up until now, he’s just blank.
Nothing, its not amnesia its just not there.”
        “Oh my… He must be very lonely” Said Sasami feeling sad for the poor
boy.
“Do you think he got rid of them because they were bad?”
        “Pardon Sasami?”
        “Maybe he had bad memories, which involved fighting and killing
which he
destroyed and now he’s running from them.”
        “Sasami that is the most intelligent theory I have heard, You might
replace
me as the greatest scientific genius.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, but you won’t be as cute.”
        “But you can call me little Sasami!” Sasami shouted laughing as she
ran off
through the laboratory leaving Washu with a blank stare. That girl she
thought so innocent. She could be right too, I’ve heard of species, which
can do this, yet this boy is definitely a earthling and my tests on Tenchi
and Nobiuki show no such ability. Yet they also showed no ability to create
the LightHawk wings yet that was proved wrong with Kagato’s attack.  She
looked at he boy and found he was looking at her. She yelled and fell of her
chair.
        Sasami had ran back to find the boy awake, grabbing his sword and
jumping
to one of the highest beams I nth laboratory.
        “WOW!” she gasped.
        “Indeed, but what is he doing?” Said Washu as she pulled herself up
from
the floor. The boy looked down at them for a minute. And then stood straight
not moving a muscle. He just stared ahead, and then suddenly he lost balance
started waving his hands trying to regain it then fell to the ground. Washu
yelled a command and a crab shaped cushion inflated beneath him.
        Sasami laughed a bit then looked at Washu. “Wow, ho did you know he
would
fall?”
        “I didn’t I have those cushions installed for Ryoko I thought that
one day
she will do a stunt like that.” Washu replied with a grin showing she was
the greatest genius in the universe.
        The boy crawled out of the cushion and looked at the two girls and
slowly
said with extreme difficulty “Dia duit.” He then fell unconscious again.
        “Oh dear” said Washu. Sasami continued to giggle.
        “Wha did he say?”
        “Its something I really didn’t think of, he looked like he wasn’t
from
Japan, so I guess he doesn’t speak Japanese. But that shouldn’t be a
problem, except…”
         “Except…?”
        “That language I have no record of, except a little note I made of
each
country on earth.” Washu pulls out her laptop and starts typing after a few
seconds a screen showing Ireland appears, all technical information appears
and finally a final sentence appears. “Original language Irish, a Celtic
form which main sentences were “Dia duit” and “Pog Mo hon.” One meaning “God
be with you” the other “Kiss my ass.” Sasami was reading this while Washu
sat contemplating the situation. “That second a bad word I hope he doesn’t
say it.” Sasami commented as she finished reading. The problem Washu thought
is that she never bothered to document the language so she can’t create
something to translate.  But she cant just abandon the situation, what could
she do. Just then Tenchi entered the laboratory. Sasami quickly ran to stop
him from seeing the boy. Washu quickly created a portal to a deeper area of
the laboratory and kicked the sleeping boy into it. Tenchi went pass Sasami
to tell Washu it was time for lunch just as the boy went through the portal
with a yelp. Washu stood in front of the portal with a big grin. Tenchi
looked at her confused and then slowly said “uhmm lunch is ready, are you
okay little Washu?”
        “Yes Tenchi I’m great just another experiment that’s all, man am I
hungry
lets eat!” She quickly grabbed Tenchi and ran out the laboratory entrance
with Sasami and Ryo-ooki following. Tenchi was very confused.
        Deeper in the lab the boy got up, he took in the surroundings still
in this
weird place, who were those girls and how they find me, even better who am
I? These thoughts ran through his head, of course his head began to hurt and
he began to cry at the pain of missing his entire life, good or not he
missed having memories a blank really made the soul empty.
        At Lunch everyone was seated as usual, Sasami serving, Ryoko and
Ayeka
fighting with Tenchi stuck in the middle. Yosho Nobiuki and Washu stalked
among themselves and Mihoshi cried about missing Kiyone. It was a cold lunch
today so it made things easier on Sasami. Half way through the lunch a
conversation started up between Sasami and the elders. “So Nobiuki did you
ever visit places outside of Japan?” Nobiuki stopped to think about this and
then smiled.
        “Yes, my honeymoon with Acheka was to Paris, beautiful city. It was
called
the city of love lovely architecture. All other conversations stopped in the
room, when Ryoko and Ayeka both clicked to the same sentence. Ryoko of
course was the first to the punch
        “City of love? Really, maybe Tenchi and I could visit it someday?
What you
think Tenchi?”
        “Ryoko stop it, Dad did you and mom enjoy Paris?”
        “Very much son, yet Acheka did have a fear of going up the Eiffel
Tower she
said it reminded her of the Tokyo tower and she always had a natural fear of
that tower.” Silence stayed in the room for a few minutes while everyone
avoided eye contact. Finally Mihoshi said, “Isn’t that were she fought…”
Washu had quickly stopped her saying more and was giving her a stern look.
Sasami sure not to let the conversation die because of Ayeka and Ryoko asked
about any other places.
        “I always wanted to see Rome, very beautiful.”
        “Ever been to Ireland?” Asked Sasami, Washu immediately went red
hoping to
any force that Sasami didn’t do anything like Mihoshi.
        “No, never really thought about it. But we do have a book on Irish
legends
in the library I think.”
        “Really oh WOW can I see it?” asked Sasami excited once again
        “Sure I’ll go get it now.” With that both of them left the table.
Leaving
Washu and Yosho to the two troublemakers and Mihoshi.
        “Washu…?” asked Ryoko.
        “Yes my little pumpkin?”
        “Don’t say that! Ahem, I was wondering if you have any transporter’s
that
could send us to places in the world?”
        “Ryoko? Your talking to the greatest scientific genius in the world
of
course I can!”
        “Oh really yess!” A grin appeared on her face, her and Tenchi alone
in
Paris the city of love it would be prefect.
        “But I’m not going to give it to you”
        “WHAT!”
        “Unless of course you call my “MOMMY!” Washu had given her eyes the
extra
large treatment as Ryoko tried to death stare her down.
        “Oh okay “Mommy” can you build one?”
        “Sure I already have one.” Ayeka listening to the conversation
finally
became aware of Ryoko’s intention. “Now wait a minute you haven’t done
enough work to go on holidays!”
        “Says who?”
        “Says me!” the two were about to go at it again when Washu clapped
her
hands.
        “Girls, there is one problem with the transporter, it has to have
Three
people in it at any time and they all have to go to same area, it a
transflux region problem I am having.” Ryoko collapsed to the ground. Ayeka
looked down then back at Washu. “Miss Washu can it go to anywhere in the
world?”
        “Of course Miss Ayeka I can input any point in the world to visit.”
         “Well I haven't seen much outside Japan, what do you think Tenchi
should
we see the world?” Tenchi knew this was a bad topic and it was getting
worse.
        “Well it will take too long and my training…”
        “Nonsense my invention will have you there in a second and you can
spend as
long as you want, we can be back in time for tea!” Interrupted Washu with a
grin.
        Finally Yosho spoke “Tenchi, I think you do need a holiday, training
is
also relaxing of the body why don’t you look at your fathers world books for
a nice spot to visit.”
        “But Grandpa…”
        “Its part of training do not question your master!” Ryoko and Ayeka
have
already disappeared to the Library to look up spots as Tenchi slowly
followed. Sasami came back in looking through a small worn book. She was
again excited reading about famous Irish legends. Washu had got up to go
back to the laboratory. Yosho left for the shrine and Mihoshi continued to
cry about Kiyone.
        Back in the lab, the two Guardians waited for Washu. “Miss Washu we
were
wandering if the boy was okay?” Washu looked at them. “That boy is really
getting to you isn’t he?”
        “Well we were the ones who did find him…and…we feel responsible!”
they
snapped quickly.
        “Then you can help me find him he’s somewhere in this lab.” Sasami
had come
in after Washu holding the book up. “Washu I found out how he is so well
trained as a warrior, its in this book Irish people are trained to be strong
warriors most famous of all was Cuchulainn “The Great Hound Of Ulster.”
Washu took the book from Sasami and quickly flicked through it.
        “But Sasami these are only legends, they are not true.”
        “So was Ryoko and Yosho a legend and they exist one of them is my
brother.”
        “Good point… I don’t know I need to get a copy of the language
first, I
might take Ryoko’s idea and go see Ireland maybe I’ll find something to help
me.”
        “Oh WOW can I come please please please Washu can I come!” Sasami
and
Ryo-ooki were both jumping left to right
        “I was hoping, you see my machine needs a mass size created by three
humanoid shapes so I needed you to make the machine work and Tenchi will
come to protect us.”
        “I will WHAT!” Tenchi had appeared at the doorway with Ryoko and
Ayeka
crashing in behind wearing summer clothes.
        “What is going on? Ryoko Ayeka what are you doing?” Washu was
getting very
perplexed.
Ryoko knocked Ayeka out of the way so she could speak “Me and Tenchi are
going to Paris!”
        “We are?”
        “No they are not, me and Lord Tenchi are going to Italy!”
        “Uhmm neither of you are going no where without a third person, and
Tenchi
is firstly coming with me and Sasami to Dublin in Ireland.”
        “Uhmm Washu, do I have to?”
        “Come on Tenchi it will be fun!” Sasami ran over to Tenchi and
hugged him;
he looked into her eyes and agreed. Washu turned to Ayeka and Ryoko. “You
two can go after us when you find your third person.”
        Meanwhile above the Irish boy watched the scene, Ireland the name
doesn’t
sound familiar but the two who helped me are interested in it, is it a clue?
No matter he was leaving. He dropped down behind the crowd and slipped out
the portal.

END OF PART 1

Coming in Part 2:
Tenchi and Washu take Sasami to Dublin, while Ryoko convinces Mihoshi to go
to Paris with her. Kiyone checks in with GP headquarters. Ayeka has to take
Nobiuki to Italy with her and Sasami goes to Dublin zoo with Tenchi and
Washu and Ryo-ooki has a close shave. Washu has to face book sales person
when she looks for an Irish dictionary. And Tenchi goes on three holidays in
one day.
        Meanwhile the Irish boy faces Yosho in a duel and proves he is more
then
enough for him and for Tenchi.