From: Tenchiken@narf.com

Tenchi Muyo: Prelude to a Kiss, first draft. 

Ok, 

This is the newest prose to come accross my somewhat demented mind. 
This happens _before_ Manatsu no Eve, and after OVA 13. The basic
plot of this fiction is, well just read, and you will get it. 

Technicly, this fic is a part of My Tenchi Epic, "Heaven and Earth" 
which is about halfway thru a rewrite of the first 3 chapters. 

The main object of this fiction, is to sync up the OVA storyline
with the TMMNE storyline. The main differences are the following:

        -) Kiyonne. 
        -) Tenchi has _far_ more control over the LHW's
        -) The symbol on Tenchi's head changed. 
        -) Sasami is now the clear competitor for Tenchi, with Ryouko.
        -) Aeka has been shifted to a secondary role. 
        -) Some "closeness" between Nobiyuki and Kiyonne (getting drunk
           together ;-)

If you want to know what happans in Manatsu no Eve (believe me, you want
To know, go to: http://www.dim.com/~josh/tenchi/manatsu

Good C&C:
        -Kiyonne is OOC. 
        -What if you did this.
        -Why did you do this?
Bad C&C:
        -Your spelling sucks (no duh! My spelling checker is broken, note the 
                [DRAFT] tag on this message. 
        -Wait a minute, Kiyonne is allready in Tenchi Muyo (That is the TV
                series, not the OVA series). 
        -You suck!

And now, without further ado:

Tenchi Muyo: Prelude to a kiss. 

If you read this, you must send me C&C (or $50, your choice ;-)

(*)(*)(*)(*)(*)(*)(*)(*)(*)(*)


"Mihoshi, DAMN YOU, MIHOSHI!!!!"

It was no good. 

Mihoshi had allready closed the connection. 

The short, chubby man felt his sainity slipping down the slippery
incline of madness. 

Something was wrong, 

"MIHOSHI" he screamed one more time, collapsing to the floor, the veins portruding from his head in a most unseemly fashion. 


                        *       *       *

"I don't think I need to emphisize any more how important this 
investigation is."

"No sir" the chief deftly replied. 

"And you realize how touchy the Jurains are being in this situation."

"Hai"

"In that case, go ahead and assign someone, all though I would still
prefer for you to go"

"Hai, I am sorry the circumstanc ...... "

The marshells gruff voice interupted that thought. 

"Who do you intend to send"

"Well, I was thinking I would send my most trusted aid"

"Fine, but send him no later then tommow, events 
will soon start to happan that are outside of Jurai's
control"

"Nani?"

"Don't ask"

"Hai"

With that the chief ended the conversation, and drooped his head.
oWell, at least he had been able to get the chief to accept the idea
of another officer. Yet he could still not shake the feeling that
he was sending a man to his doom. 

Fortune favored fools,children, and Mihoshi. Allthough the chief
couldent be sure that Mihoshi didn't fit into the first two catagories. 

The chief sighed as he keyed in his aide's video monitor. 

"Sorry to do this my friend, but it is either you or me" he thought. 

However, as the image flickered on, it was clear that the visage
was not of his portly friend, but rather of three medical doctors, 

"ONE ..... TWO ....... THREE .... CLEAR" 

And with that a large amount of electrecity flowed thru the collapsed
aides body. 

Slowly, the doctors smiled as the aide began to breath again. 

"WHAT IS GOING ON HERE" the chief screamed, demanding the instant
attention of the doctors. 

"Sir, his biomedical monitor alerted us 3 miniutes ago that this aide
was undergoing a stress related heart attack". 

"Heart attack?"

"Hai sir".

Worry began to gnaw at the chiefs heart, a visage of doom began to overcome
him. 

"When will he be able to return to work". The doctor shot him
a dirty look, at his sudden outburst of scroodgedome. 

"Not for a few weeks"

The chief began to sweat as the relization that his doom was upon him. 

The chief shut down the vid-link as he collapsed in his chair. 

One thing left to do. 

Conquer the unconquerable land, climb the unclimbable hill, swim the
infinate sea, and commit the unthinkable sin. 

He called up internal operations, a painfully cheery voice replied "Moshi Moshi"

"Ha, Hai, Hai, can I please talk to the chief of operations". "Just one
moment, the voice replied, it's cheerfullness uneffected from the chiefs
dark mood.

"Hai" The directors voice replied. 

"Ah, this is the chief from the pirancy devision, I need to borrow
one of your officers"
                                *       *       *

"NO MORE MIHOSHI, NO MORE MIHOSHI NO MORE MIHOSHI"

Kiyonne streached as her alarm continued to ring in the background. 

"NO MORE MIHOSHI, NO MORE MIHOSHI NO MORE MIHOSHI"

It had taken Kiyonne several years to find the perfect alarm
clock, but it seems that she had finnaly done so. 

Kiyonne gently turned off the alarm, and smiled. 

Life was good. Until she stepped in the shower.

No hot water. 

Well, that is too be expected on board a brand new experemental ship.

The Yagami.

Captain Kiyonne, it had a certain ring to it. 

Kiyonne ruffeled thru her fridge, Quitly she started the stove, and 
boiled some water. Bending over she reached for some instant ramn, and
her chopsticks. 

Saying a silent thanks for the food, Kiyonne started to eat. Meals
were so wonderfull. 

Her chopstickes broke. 

Bad Luck. 

Coulden't be, Mihoshi was very far from here, on some back water planet. 

Kiyonne stared at her brand new chopsticks, and then set out to fetch
a new set.

"Kiyonne-sama please report to the bridge".

As Kiyonne traveled up into the cockpit, she couldent help but be
in wonder of this magnificent one person ship.

This was a ship designed to take on even the most powerfull
of pirate ships. It couldent compare with the larger battleships,
still it could hold it's own in a fire fight. 

"We are approaching the docking station"

"Hai" Kiyonne responded. 

"Communication open with Docking Control" the computer informed her.

"Ah, yeoman Kiyonne, is that the new ship"

Yeoman, the word stuck in her throat like a bad goo of peanut butter.

"Katsuragi's new ship, ne?"

Kiyonne felt her illusions fall apart around her. 

This ship was someone elses. 

"Hai" she curtly replied. 

"We have your new assignment here, the Albarian Knight Raymond is
going to be travaling thru GP controled space."

"And you want me to protect him?" A hopefull Kiyonne replied. 

"Heavens, no, we need you to go to caldera to pick up
some methane exchangers, our oxygen level would kill him"

Kiyonne, the interplanatary gofer

"Hai, she whispered". 

"Ooop, I am getting another call, hold on a minute please". 

Kiyonne, sighed, She had graduated top of her class at the acadamy, had
been promoted to a Lt. in under three years. Her name was fast tracked for
a possible captainship. But then, she happaned. 

"Mihoshi"

"MIHOSHI I SWEAR I WILL KILL YOU!"

Kiyonne had been traped in space for a month, however, rescue teams
had found her on the surface of a nearby planet, dazed, unconcious, but
alive. 

She was back in civilization, back among her friends, and
most off, back around her job. 

"MIHOSHI I SWEAR I WILL KILL YOU"

If Kiyonne had to take back any words she ever said, thoose would
be the words.

She was judged too Physiologicly unstable to continue her
detective job. 

She took what she could get, sometimes delivering mail, sometimes 
ferrying not-so-vip people around, sometimes sorting screws. 

Unless something dramatic happaned, her career would be over, before it
even really got started.


"Ah, Kiyonne, that call actually was for you, the chief wants to see you 
in his office"

"The Chief?" 

"Hai..."

"Probibly wants to have me escort some cat burgler to a minimal security prison." 

"Hai...."

Kiyonne shot him a dirty look as he shut off the videoscreen. 

"Yagami, Please begin standard docking procedures." Kiyonne thought
as the Yagami gently nudged it's way against the dock, nothing the 
chief would say, could suprise her, after all she had done everything, 
from deliviring mail, to hauling around a shipfull of target dummies. 

She coulden't do what she wish she could, be a decective. Nothing would suprise her. 

Nothing. 
                                        *       *       *

Kiyonne collapsed onto the ground in a state of utter shock. 

She mush have misheard him. No one who knew her history, her bane, 
Her woes and her sorrows would have asked her that....

She must have misheard him. 

"Wh.....What did you say?" she stuttered, her nerves begining to collapse, her senses dulling, and her mind overloading. 

"I need you to go to Planet-314, in the Jurain Provence, we, ahem have special 
permission from them for this mission, and assist Decective Mihoshi for ah...a.. small period of time". 

Kiyonne world's snapped, as she grabbed the chief by his coller and prepared to shift from being a policeman, to a criminal. As she hefted him into the air. He stutered

"PLEASE, KIYONNE-SAMA" he sobbed. I'll do anything, just don't make me go! "I will pay you handsomly, 50,000 credits." Kiyonne hefted his large, wolf like mass, over one shoulder, to aim the chief at the plate glass window. "Anything, how about a 6 bedroom suite in the Galaxy Prime building on Trevalon-4". While the thought of nice warm showers every morning appealed to her, her mind istantly rebuked the idea, and went back to the idea of throwing the chief thru the plate glass window for such a suggestion. 

"I will promote you, you can be a detective again..." The chief sobbed. 

"Promote" that thought echoed thru Kiyonne's head like a 25 cent pinball game, "Promote" revisited nural pathways in Kiyonne's brain which had long been inactive. 

"Mihoshi" shot thru her brain killing the idea of "promotion". Kiyonne brought her rear arm up, in order to maximize distance that the chief would travel. 

"I will give you your own ship!" 

"My own ship", Kiyonne thought, "My very own ship" 

Kiyonne quitly put down the chief as her mind spun at the possibilites. 

"Name any ship you wish"

"The Yagami", Kiyonne replied, parhaps too quickly. 

"Done" Came the chief's quick replied. 

"And my pay scale, and badge back"

"Hai", the chief gleefully replied.

"Here is all of the data you need."

The chief handed her a book, as he waltzed around the room. 

Kiyonne quitly opened the book, to discover Mihoshi's picture
Larger then life, on the cover. 

"Oh my God!, what have I done" she asked herself in pure horror. 


To be Continued. 

Haha! Unlike my other fic, this one seemed to write itself. I am a little OOC on Kiyonne, but oh well, life goes on. The second part will be forthcoming, whenever I get around to it, (you can encourage me to go faster by giving me positive C&C). This fic is dedicated to Bobkat, who convinced me somehow that Mihoshi is a decent character. Anyways, I hope to post the first Three chapters of Heaven and Earth tonight as well, my other three major projects, Ifurita's dream,To weep in the city of Angels (Escaflowne), and Leaving Las Vegas(Ranma), are also in the works. Anyways, C&C is welcome. 