PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
A Past of Love
Part Two
TMiL/Tenchi TV continuity

Tokyo, Autumn 1970

     "Makoto..."
     Obviously, she was at a loss for words.  So, he supplied them for
her.  "What am I doing here?  Where did I go?  Why am I here now?"
     There was a pause, and a shuffling of covers before she answered,
"Yeah."
     Due to her recent attack, Achika was alone in the room.  This was
fortunate, as Trakal did not need the complication of others in the
current situation.  "Please, shut your eyes, I am going to turn on the
light."  He waited a second, then flipped the switch by the door.  He
looked down at Achika, who was now sitting up in her bed, her covers
thrown about her in a makeshift robe.  Her hair was an absolute mess
from all the tossing and turning she had done due to her nightmare, and
her face was still flushed red.  The light reflected from her skin due
to the fine layer of sweat still present there.  All in all, she looked
like a goddess who had just awoken from a rather unsettling night.  In
his own mind, this was exactly what she was.
     After a moment, Achika opened her eyes, and blinked them a few
times.  She reached up to clear the sleep from them while looking in his
direction.  Her jaw fell loosely, and her fingers froze in their task.  
     Trakal lowered his eyes to the floor.  In all his years as being a
Galaxy Police Operative he had faced many challenges.  From the frigid,
wind-torn mountains of Ryn V, to the furnace that once was Uri II, he
had seen the harshest environments the Universe had to offer.  As well,
he had faced countless major offenders, one of which removed both his
legs and almost his head.  However, he had always emerged victorious,
and his legs had been easily regenerated.  A fight was something he
never backed down from, and pain was nothing more than a fact of
existence.  Yet, nothing had prepared him for the emotional trauma of
being feared by the one he loved.  He could feel the confusion and hurt
in her gaze, even with his own averted.  
     "You... you can't be him."
     He looked up suddenly, to see Achika's expression had changed to
one of denial.  Most Earthly people would have screamed, fainted, or
possibly even attacked him by this point.  She had simply questioned his
identity.  This was a show of the strength he admired her for, and an
example of why he fell in love with her.  "Achika... two months ago I
saved you from a bullet with my own hand."  He looked down at that same
hand and lifted an eyebrow.  "The scar disappeared that same day, thanks
to the technologies that have enhanced me, but the scar in my memory
remains forever."
     Achika's face had softened at the reminder of the incident where
they had met, but she still seemed pensive.  "But... you're not even
human!  What are you?"
     Trakal couldn't help but grin.  She had obviously been wanting to
ask that question since the light was turned on, but it would have been
rude.  However, she couldn't control her curiosity any longer, and he
couldn't blame her for that.  "I am an alien, as you would term it...
from Draal, two thousand light years from here.  I am part of an
organization set up to keep peace throughout the Galaxy."
     She stared at him for a moment, then asked, "Why are you here?"
     "I am here on a mission... to protect you."  He decided to not tell
her of the destruction of GP Headquarters, as that aspect of his reason
for being there would only serve to confuse her more.  "There is a
powerful entity here whose only thought is removing you from the face of
the Universe."
     Achika sat in silence once again, digesting the information given
to her.  She focused on Trakal after a few minutes.  "Why?  Why me?"
     "That is something you will be aware of if necessary, and should
remain secret if not."  He held up a hand to quell any objections.
"Please, just trust me on this one."
     "Why should I trust you?  You lied to me once..."  She broke off,
glaring at him.
     Trakal blinked, even he was amazed by how well she was taking the
current situation.  So amazed that he couldn't articulate a defense.
"Uh... eh..."
     "I took you into my home and cared for you... and you lied to me!
I... I..."  She stopped, and a tear fell from her eye.  She reached up
and wiped her face and eyes.  "I appreciate the fact that you are
protecting me, but perhaps you should leave me alone for now."
     Now, he hardened his own gaze.  "Achika... can't you understand why
I told you I was from France, and not from a planet so far away you
can't see it with the naked eye?"  He stepped closer to her, knowing she
was not frightened by his appearance.  "Do you truly not see why I had
cause for deception?  I mean, look at me!"
     She looked back up at him, studying him for a moment.  Then, she
scowled, "You're furry... so the hell what?"  She stood up, holding her
blanket at her neck.  "I trusted you, and you did not return that trust!
I don't know what it's like out there in the vastness of space, but here
that is a serious offense to my personal honor!"
     He was beginning to suspect something else was angering her, but
held back his suspicions for the time being.  "It's not just my
appearance.  I have rules I must follow... the first and foremost being
no contact with the local people."
     She laughed briefly, "The Prime Directive, huh?  Well, I've seen
Star Trek, and I think it's a load of crap in this case.  You already
came into contact with me, and influenced the passage of time on my
planet by saving my life... you shouldn't have left!"
     At first, he had no clue as to what she was talking about.  Then he
caught something she had said and stopped his reply.  "Left?" 
     "Left... as in to remove oneself from the area... past tense!  You
do understand the concept don't you?"
     Trakal stared at the irate woman before him for a moment.  She was
upset because he had left?  "I thought you were angry because I lied to
you?"
     She froze, and her face, which had gone back to its normal tone,
flushed red anew.  "T... that's right!" she stuttered, "I am!
However..."  She trailed off, looking down at the floor.
     "However, what?"  He was excited to learn she missed him after he
had 'left,' but he needed to know why.
     "However, I was really unhappy when you never showed up at school
again... I wanted to get to know you better."  She looked up at him
again with anger, "But I wouldn't have even been knowing the real you,
now would I?"
     There was more hurt than anger in her voice, and it just about
crushed his heart.  "I'm sorry I lied to you, Achika... I thought you
wouldn't accept me for who I really am."  He wanted to tell her he was
scared, but his pride refused to allow him.
     "What's your name?" she asked, surprising him again.
     "Nori Trakal, of the Inue Tribe... the largest on Draal."  He said
this with the pride of his people behind him.  
     "Trakal?"  At his nod she continued, "Ever since I was a little
girl I felt I belonged somewhere other than here.  Every time I looked
at the stars it seemed like they were calling to me... as if I could
actually hear a voice from them.  I've always wondered if there were
someone else out there... perhaps they were the ones calling to me."
     Trakal knew exactly what was calling to her, and knew it would be
for the good of the future that she never know.  "I know you do not want
me to lie to you... but it is for your own good, and the good of the
future that you do not understand what it is that calls to you."
     She furrowed her brow for a moment, then smiled, "Well, at least I
know I'm not nuts."
     He smiled back and shook his head.  "Well, now that we are
aquainted and being truthful with one another... I think there is
something you should know."
     She looked at him curiously, "What?"
     "I'm in love with you."
     Achika's jaw took another nose dive and she plopped down to the
futon again.  She looked at the floor and mumbled to herself.  "I'm a
sick person... I shouldn't be here.... perhaps this is all just a
hallucination..."  She glanced up at the alien looming over her, as if
to reafirm his existence.  Finding him looking down at her worridly, she
went back to her mumbling.  "It's real... I'm not sure I can deal with
this... who would?  Maybe that girl in the sci-fi club?  What's her
name...?  Uh..."
     Trakal listened to Achika's quiet musings for a while before
sitting down next to her and slowly putting an arm around her.  He was
shocked to find her falling against his chest and crying.  "Are you
okay?"
     She turned to him with teary eyes and laughed lightly.  "It seems
men of any species are just as dense..."  She never completed her
sentance as she threw her arms around him and they both fell to the bed.
     The next two hours were born of a number of elements.  Umong them
being extreme passion, curiosity of the unknown, and a freak chemical
compatibility that would make any biologist's mind boggle.  The ultimate
outcome however, was not a mystery to anyone involved.
     "That... was... wow..." Achika breathed as she tried to keep
control of the shaking that had suddenly assaulted her.  She was staring
up at the ceiling and looking for all the world like she had run the
three minute mile.
     Trakal lay next to her looking slightly better off.  His greater
endurance saw to that, but he was still awefully spent, never having
experienced sex before.  It found himself cursing the fact that he
hadn't done it sooner.  "Achika... you realize what we just did can
never happen again, right?"
     "Yes... but I figured it was something I would never have a chance
of doing again.  And anyway, what if the person who is here succeeds
somehow?  I would have died a virgin!"  She absently ran her fingers
through the carpet of hair that adorned his chest.
     He made a sigh of contentment that sounded much like the purr of
the local domestic cat.  "Don't worry... I won't let that happen."  He
rose from the bed and began to put his clothes back on.  "Tomorrow is a
big day for you, and I need to be in top condition to protect you, so I
feel we should both get our sleep."
     She nodded, looking at him with an affection she normally reserved
for only one other.  He smiled down at her and winked, "You're going to
love this."  With that he teleported from the room in a flash of blue
light.  
END PART TWO
Well... it's a little later than I wanted, but close enough.  I am going
to do a lemon side story for this part... but didn't want to alienate
those who don't read lemons for that one scene.  This fanfic's scope
will be much larger than that, though the event is the important one to
note.  All comments are welcome, though screams of OOC will be mostly
laughed at as Achika's character was not exactly etched in stone in the
movie when it comes to her acceptance of extraterrestrial lifeforms
(post realization of her origins non-withstanding).  However, arguments
will be met with in an objective light and answered accordingly.
Thanks for reading,
PMasters (7-13-98)          

"I'm only holding back the rain.  So many raindrops, so many pains.  I
want to find my train someday.  As seasons go past the station." - Tokyo
Babylon OVA 1
/ E-mail at:  PhilMasters@webtv.net /
Web page pending use of a computer!
"...has anyone ever used something alive for a coat of arms?" - The
Sailor Who Fell From Grace With The Sea (Mishima Yukio, 1965) / 
"You see, what you call a cat, we use as armor." - Rune (El-Hazard,
1994)