PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
A Past of Love
Part Three
TMiL/TV Continuity

Tokyo, Autumn 1970
Projected Day of Kain Attack

     Trakal awoke to find himself staring at a small spider.  The
creature was carefully lowering itself by a fine silken thread toward
his snout.  He didn't particularly relish the thought of the
eight-legged monster tapping its way across his fur, so he batted it
away.
     He sat up and looked around the attic of the hotel in which all the
children from the Tokyo trip were staying.  It was perpetually dark and
so dirty that there was a constant cloud of dust in the air, mostly from
the motions of the rats and a few other choice animals as they scurried
about.  He shook his head as memories of the previous night flooded back
to him.  At first he thought it might have been a dream, until reality
invaded and made sure he knew exactly what he had done.  He pondered the
situation for a few moments trying to figure the impact on the time
axis.  For some reason the only picture he could conjure up was a
child's spinning top being crushed by a large wheeled vehicle.  This
disturbed him to no end.
     However, he had gone through his life being trained and hardened
against regret of any kind.  Actions could not be taken back, therefor
pondering their consequenses after the fact would be a waste of time and
resources.  With this in mind he rose and dusted himself off as best he
could.  As he began toward the trap door which led out to the roof he
felt it.  Nothing more than a slight tremor in the sub-space network,
but enough to warrant precautionary measures.  He walked to the corner
of the attic and pushed a button on his right wrist.  After a shimmering
in the air a metallic case appeared on the floor in front of him.
     Leaning down, he worked an alien combination upon the side of the
case.  It opened with a hiss of air.  Inside lay a weapon, one so
attuned to his own biology that it actually replaced his existing
mechanical arm.  With a thought and a twist his arm was removed, he took
the weapon attachment and placed it to his elbow.  With a sharp click it
was locked on and activated.  His field of vision instantly expanded and
encompassed all waveforms of energy.  Wherever he pointed the arm a
crosshairs would appear with any available information on the current
target.
     He quelled the rush of power that flowed through him.  He now had
the ability to easily destroy all life on Earth with little bother, and
that had a distinct psychological effect on a person.  Hence the reason
for the intense mental evaluation for anyone attempting to enter Galaxy
Police.
     After double checking the Level A Arm Cannon for faults, and
finding none, he climbed out onto the roof.  A disturbing wind blew his
chestnut hair around his face.  As he watched Earth's particularly
beautiful sunrise he realized it would be his last.

------------------------

     In a flash of blue light he appeared on the Observation Deck of the
Tokyo Tower.  With a quick glance around he confirmed he was alone.
Small beams of light cut through the dusty air in random patterns as the
cloth covering the empty window frames blew in the wind.  He walked up
to one and moved it aside to look down at the ground.  The busses
carrying the students were just arriving.  He magnified the image and
located Achika, walking along side her friend Noboyuki.  The energy in
the area was increasing steadily, soon Kain would make his move.
     Trakal was ready.  He made a final diagnostic of his equipment and
settled into a crouch at the opening, waiting for death to come.

------------------------

     Azusa leaned back against the elevator as the group of students
ascended the Tower.  His gaze was firmly planted on Achika, only briefly
flitting to his brother Tenchi who was on the opposite side.  Washu had
finally come to the conclusion that Kain would attack the Tower.  He
just hoped her devices would function properly.  Pure Jurai energy on
Earth seemed far fetched, but he supposed everything in his life was.
     His reflections were cut off as Achika suddenly doubled over
clutching her head as if in pain.  He and Tenchi immediately began to
move to help.  However, before either could make it the elevator lurched
and a loud rumbling began.  Azusa tried to find mother in the sudden
panic, but he found himself pushed against the window of the elevator.
A light from outside drew his attention and he watched as what appeared
to be Ball Lightning on crack circled the Tower, stopping only when it
slammed into the elevator.  Azusa was barely able to protect everyone
inside with his shield, thanks to Tenchi's help.  The light dissipated,
leaving behind its very antithesis.  A sphere of darkness hovered before
them all, seeming to suck in all light that struck it.
     In the middle of the sphere a mask appeared, one of unchallenged
evil.  Then, from the depths of the darkness a voice emminated, "I can
feel it..."  The sound resonated will raw power.  The mask blew a misty
substance at the crippled elevator.  Everyone was frozen upon contact,
except Azusa, Tenchi, Achika, and Noboyuki, who was thankfully close
enough to Achika to be protected by her field.

-------------------------

     Trakal, who had instantly gone into alert when he felt the energy
buildup reach critical, looked down at Kain.  The dark mass was in the
center of his crosshairs, though no information acompanied it.  "Feel
this," he whispered as he mentally pulled the trigger.
     The cannon came to life and thousands of bright projectiles slammed
home into their target.  Each was capable of penetrating even a Jurai
ship's defense grid.  He watched with disbelief as the Kain energy
vanished from his scope.  There was no way that stopped him.  As he
scanned the area his fears were confirmed as Kain appeared directly
before him.
     Trakal instinctively leapt back away from the dark creature.  It
spoke to him without disturbing its cruel smile.  "So, it's a Galaxy
Police officer.  How pleasing that you survived."
     Trakal seethed and his hand shook as he looked upon his most hated
enemy.  "I will not let you hurt her!" he screamed.  He opened fire on
Kain once more, but the projectiles simply passed right through him.
     Kain sent out an extention of himself and knocked Trakal's cannon
arm clean off his body.  The wounded operative clasped the bleeding
stump and cried out in agony.  More dark psuadopods came from Kain and
began to wrap around his body.  He began to feel his lifeforce ebbing.
He could only hope Achika was in a better position to defend herself.
"Kain, you will never win." he gasped out before his vision faded.  In
the resulting darkness Achika appeared before him, carrying a child in
her arms.  Somehow he knew exactly who the child was.  His last thought
was a prayer for the safety of his son.

--------------------------

     "Achika!" Noboyuki cried as he saw her collapse once more.
     Tenchi gripped the sword hilt tighter and concentrated his power.
With a hum of energy a blue saber extended from the unseeming wooden
base.
     "He's here." Achika muttered while holding Noboyuki tighter.  She
could feel the cold emptiness of the creature's essense.
     Kain smashed through the roof of the lower Observation Deck and
presented Trakal's broken body to the group he found below.  All that
was left were his arm, upper body, and most of his head.
     Achika looked down at the corpse and her eyes widened in disbelief.
She felt like she should scream, yet when her mouth opened nothing came
out but a whimper.  He had attempted to save her again, and in doing so
lost his own life.
     Tenchi brought his sword to bear on the monster that towered before
him.  He could feel the raw power coming from his adversary and tried to
ignore how weak his own weapon seemed against it.  "I'm the one you
want!" he yelled.
     Kain looked down at the tiny creature that had all but threatened
him and sensed a strong Jurai influence in him.  "Do you dare face me,
boy?" he asked menacingly.
     Tenchi gritted his teeth and focused all his strength into the
sword blade.  It glowed brighter and he exclaimed, "I will not let you
hurt my mother!"
     Achika blinked and turned her gaze to the boy with the glowing
sword.  Had he just called her mother?  For some reason she didn't find
it upsetting or peculiar.  She stood up and narrowed her eyes at Kain.
She was more than fed up with him.  "You will stop this at once!" she
demanded, and an invisible wave of energy flew from her body, shattering
a nearby glass display case.  The shards of glass rose and impaled
themselves in Kain's ethereal form.
     Kain chuckled lightly and the glass pieces fell from him.  As they
shattered on the floor he turned to Achika and said, "You are the one
I've come for.  You and no one else.  I must destroy you."
     While Achika was just short of lashing out, she found herself
curious as to who this monster was.  "Who are you?"
     The mask smiled, "I am one who has suffered terribly due to the
power you harbor.  I must kill you to rid the Galaxy of the most
powerful Jurai."
     Achika truly had no idea of what he was getting at.  However, the
thing had killed Trakal, and now wanted to kill her.  "I will not allow
you to harm anyone else."  She had no idea what she was going to do to
stop him, but he seemed to think she held great power.
     "Oh?  And what are you going to do to stop me?"
     Shit, he called the bluff.  Fortunately, she didn't have to make
this obvious since the boy with the sword seemed to get fed up with
waiting and lunged at the creature.  His blue energy blade slammed into
Kain with a loud crack.  Small lightning bolts flew from the point of
contact and Kain reared back in pain.  He turned to Tenchi and scowled.
"This is it for..."
     He was cut off as another blade crashed into his back.  A second
boy, slightly shorter and with a more boyish appearance jumped back from
striking Kain.  "Don't forget about me, you piece of shit!"
     Tenchi grinned at the new arrival.  "Hey!  Don't curse in front of
mom, you ingrate!"
     Azusa returned the grin.  "Oh... sorry, lost myself for a minute."
     Kain, who was slightly miffed by the sudden existance of two
powerful Juraian beings, let out a mighty roar that shook the very
Tower.  Tenchi and Azusa stopped in their banter and looked at the dark
presense, readying themselves for a fight.
     Tenchi reached into his backpack and pulled out Washu's sub-space
generator.  He began to inch his way toward his mother and father.  Kain
sent a tentacle of blackness at him and he jumped out of its path.
Azusa leapt forward and slashed at the extention.  His sword cut through
it neatly, but the severed part simply dissipated, while the base grew a
claw.  This new threat attempted to grab Azusa, who blocked with his
shield.  Electrical energies crackled violently as the room was
illuminated by the intense reaction between claw and field.
     Tenchi made it to his father and placed the generator in his hands.
"Get this to the center, quickly!  Then, push the red button!"  He
shoved his father away from the fight and ran to help his brother.
     Noboyuki looked down at the peculiar device in his hands, then took
Achika by the hand.  "Come on, let's do what he says."  She nodded
weakly and he pulled her toward the middle of the Observation Deck.
END PART THREE
Sorry for the cliffhanger, but it's due to time restraints.  I'd love to
be able to put more effort into this piece, but time is making it
increasingly difficult.  Comments are, of course, greatly appreciated.
I'll try to get on to Four ASAP.
Thanks for reading,
PMasters (7-28-98)

"I'm only holding back the rain.  So many raindrops, so many pains.  I
want to find my train someday.  As seasons go past the station." - Tokyo
Babylon OVA 1
/ E-mail at:  PhilMasters@webtv.net /
Web page pending use of a computer!
"...has anyone ever used something alive for a coat of arms?" - The
Sailor Who Fell From Grace With The Sea (Mishima Yukio, 1965) /
"You see, what you call a cat, we use as armor." - Rune (El-Hazard,
1994)