        This is a disclaimer, it is only a disclaimer, do not be alarmed.
Seriously the characters of the Tenchi Muyo series are the property of AIC,
pioneer and whoever else has a claim on them and are not my creation.
Please do not sue, as it would be a waste of everyone’s time expect the
lawyers and who cares about them?  I am not profiting from this work, expect
in the hope that it might entertain my readers for a little while.

                Tenchi Muyo Possibilities:
                  Farewell and Goodbye
                Song: Wash Away those Years (Creed)
                Time: 20 years in future
                Location: R&D Lab 3, 2 miles under San Diego ruins

         Light flashed in the R&D lab, as the portal opened and the time
travelers
stumbled out.    Tenchi stopped and stared at his stark, gray surroundings.
Various computer terminals dotted the area, as did workstations with arcane
workings upon them.  They stood in a circular indention at the center of the
large room, almost a shallow pit.
        In front of him a massive black man, well over 6ft, sagged.  A blue
hair
woman and a dark hair man, both dressed in black leather armor were
supporting him.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Taro stepped forward.
  Taro walked to them and took the black man's weight from the woman.
        "Sir, what happen?" Taro asked the dark haired man.
        "Father Time 'found' you.  We realized when you were, so it was
decided to
bring you back.  We weren't sure what was going on... "  The dark haired man
answered.
        The blue haired woman had walked up to Tenchi at this point and was
staring
intently at him.  Ryoko and Ayeka noticed this and moved behind Tenchi,
standing over him possessively.
        "Tenchi Masaki?" The blue haired woman asked cocking her head to one
side.
        "Yes..." Tenchi answered on guard.
        "Daddy!!!" The woman cried wrapping her arms around Tenchi.
        "Daddy!?!"  Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko cried out shocked.  Sasami cast
quick
glances between the Mayuka in her arms and the Mayuka in front of her,
blinking rapidly in shock.  Ryoko and Ayeka could only stand there
perplexed.  Tenchi numbly embraced his grown daughter as a means of staving
off collapse.  Mihoshi giggled at the sight of all this.
        "Hello Mayuka, do you remember me?" Washu said somehow appearing
almost
magically at Mayuka elbow.
        "Aunt Washu!!!" Mayuka disengaged herself from her father and
wrapped her
arms around Washu's slight form.  Washu found herself being swept off the
ground by a surprising strong Mayuka.  Washu could feel Mayuka through the
leather armor; it was pure muscle.
        "Sister Dark. I believe we should continue this in a more...
appropriate
location."  Said the dark haired man casting a look at a few of the young
men and women in the lab who were openly staring.  At his glance they
quickly found other matters to attend to.
        "How about Father Time quarters?" Taro asked.
        "Good idea, Brother Light."  The dark haired man approved.
        "Come on! I'm sure you have a lot of questions!!"  Mayuka said
grabbing
Ryoko and Ayeka by an arm apiece and dragging them along.  Washu and Tenchi
followed.   Mihoshi and Sasami shared a look.  After taking baby Mayuka from
Sasami, Mihoshi and her followed the group.
        They crowded into an elevator.  Taro hit the up button and rocked
back on
his heels as the elevator began its climb.
        "You are???" Tenchi asked of the dark haired man.
        "Ah, yes, we mustn't have met yet.  My name is Brian Hadthorn, they
call me
Father Steel now though."  He responded.
        "We've heard quite a bit about you." Ayeka said.  Father Steel
laughed
weakly at that, looking over to Taro.
        "How much did you tell them?"  Father Steel asked Taro.
        "About 20 years worth."  Was Taro's answer.
        "Right, well... All of you know what's happen?  Why we sent Brother
Light
back?" Father Steel asked.
        "To prevent my death." Tenchi said quietly.
        "Yes, to prevent a large number of people's death.  They killed you
first
for a reason."  Father Steel said
        "What reason?"  Tenchi asked.
        "I don't know."  Father Steel said.  Ayeka eyes grew wide at that,
she
opened her mouth to demand just what that meant.  Washu however, saw it
coming and as she was standing right next to her elbowed her in the ribs,
cutting her off.  Ayeka shoot a villainous glare at Washu who just held a
finger up to her lips.  Stay quiet and wait that gesture said.  Weighting in
her mind, Ayeka decided to follow Washu lead, there were worse people to
follow than the greatest scientific genius in the universe after all.
        The elevator opened on a living area.  They spilled out onto the
empty
corridor.  Taro looked up and down, perplexed.
        "Why is it so empty here?" Taro asked.
        "We're evacuating.  They know where we are now.  They got 6 legions
outside
the gates."  Father Steel answered grimly.
        "They?" Ryoko asked
        "The Night Children." Mayuka said.  They moved down the corridor a
little
ways and entered a room.  Father Steel and Taro laid the black man down on
the bed that was set in the corner.  The bed's aluminum frame squeaked at
taking the big man's mass.
        "Moving things through time takes a lot out of him.  He'll be asleep
for a
few hours and won't be able to do it again until tomorrow."  Father Steel
said turning to face everyone.  He tapped a button that was under a screen
set on the close by wall.  A bearded face appeared on the screen.
        "Ladies and gentleman, meet Father Matrix, also known as, David
Erin.
David, you remember our guest."  Father Steel said.
        "Yes, yes, I could hardly forget could I?" Father Matrix said.
        "Stayed tuned to us would you?  Also could you send up Father
Blade?"
Father Steel requested.
        "Of coarse, he's on route." was the answer.
        "Good. Now, Brother Light, tell me what happen when you arrive on
Tenchi's
doorstep."  Father Steel ordered.  Taro, aided by the other told the story
quickly, ending with their appearance in the lab.
        "So, they knew???  How unless..."  Father Steel whispered, his hand
coming
up to cup his chin.
        "The Night Children, must of had us under watch."  Washu said.
        "So when they saw Taro and the Eld Wraiths..." Ayeka continued.
        "They rushed us, thinking their cover blown..." Ryoko finished.
        "Makes sense." Father Steel said nodding.
        "How do we know they didn't send a group back?" Tenchi asked.
        "They completed the experiment that gave Father Time his powers a
month
ago.  The operations and testing took almost 2 years to complete.  There
just isn't time to create someone and use his powers.  Also how would they
know to what, when we sent Brother Light to?" Father Steel pointed out.
Washu nodded in agreement.
        "Good point." Tenchi admitted.
        The door slid open, a tall lean form stood in the doorway, shadowed
by the
light.
        "Well, boy have you been practicing?"  Asked a familiar voice.
        "Grandfather!!" Tenchi cried.
        "Brother!!!" Ayeka gasped.
        Yosho stepped into the light; the years had not treated him well.  A
red
patch covered his right eye.  He was missing his pinky on his left hand.
Scars could be seen tracing their way across his hands and face.  Beyond
that he was unchanged, he wore the same priest’s uniform he always had.  An
energy sword was belted to his waist.
        "Sir, thank you for coming at my request."  Father Steel said bowing
deeply
at the waist.
        "It is of no moment. Is Atlantis completed?"  Yosho asked.
        "Yes, the first group arrived a few hours ago.  We have been sending
people
there as often as we can manage, Sir."  Father Steel said.
        "What is Atlantis" Sasami asked.
        "It is the last refuge.  A base under the ocean floor, where the
pressure
of the water crushes all ships, protected by miles of rock.  We have a
direct line to it; we're using that line to move everyone out while we can.
Before The Night Children break in."  Father Steel answered.
        "Won't they just follow the line to Atlantis?" Ryoko asked.
        "We've got them rigged to blow." Mayuka said with a dark smile.
Yosho
nodded a small smile curving on his lips as well.
        "We'll send all you back tomorrow, Brother Light as well.  That the
soonest
we can manage safely." Father Steel said, looking at Yosho for approval.
        "We can't just leave you here like this!" Tenchi said.
        "Tenchi!  If you succeed in the past, this will never happen.
Believe me
boy, I am proud of your courage, but it is need in your own time.  It is to
late for us here."  Yosho said
        "Surly something can be done?" Ayeka asked
        "Show them." Yosho said standing.
        "Are you sure?" Father Steel asked.  Yosho nodded, Father Steel
sighed and
shook his head.  He stood and gestured for Tenchi to follow him.  The others
rose to follow but Yosho signaled them to stay.  Father Steel led Tenchi out
of the room and down to the end of the corridor.  The corridor seems to end
in at a wall, but Father Steel just laid his hand on it and spoke.
        "Open." He said.  The wall spiraled open revealing a small,
floorless
chamber with rungs set on the wall directly in front of Tenchi.  Father
Steel grabbed the rungs and started climbing up.   Tenchi quietly followed.
They climbed for some time, Tenchi was beginning to sweat and he was in good
shape from his grandfather's teaching and working in the fields.  Tenchi was
unsure just how long they climbed, just that his arms burned and he was
covered in sweat.  Father Steel halted for a moment stopped by a metal
cover. The metal cover was made of two interlocking pieces and had a small
keyboard in the center.  Father Steel typed in a short code and the cover
slid open.  Father Steel and Tenchi climbed out into the cold night air.

                Song: The Kids Aren't Alright (Offspring)
                Time: 20 years in future
                Location:  San Diego Ruins

        They were standing in a vacant lot amongst the ruins.  Wrecked
building
towered over like the dead bodies of ancient beast.  Tenchi could see a
street that was warped and twisted as if exposed to extreme heat.  An
overturned pickup truck lay in the middle of the destroyed road; its cab had
been crushed like an old soda can.  Tenchi's mind shed away from considering
what force was capable of such raw death and destruction.
        "Welcome to the corpse of the world, Tenchi." Father Steel said
softly.
Father Steel raised his arm and pointed east Tenchi turned and looked, he
could vaguely see mountains in the distance, but overshadowing them was the
sick green glow that faintly pulsed in the sky.
        "We on the other side of a fucking continent.  Two mountain ranges
between
us and it, whole states and we can still see it every night...” Father Steel
said bitterly.
        "What is it?"  Tenchi whispered, feeling dread rise up in him.
        "What's left of the Eastern Seaboard, from Florida to Nova Scotia.
Just
one big radioactive playground now.  I don't know why it glows like that,
something to do with the weapons they used.  But, I do know that nothing can
live east of the great lakes now, that the whole Atlantic Ocean is
contaminated and that it will stay that way for the next 1,500 years...
Bastards.  Japan in worst shape.  Europe's not much better.  They say the
polar ice caps have started melting to...  Hell, the whole planet dying and
it's going slow."  Father Steel.
        "Why... Why did they do this?"  Tenchi asked.
        "They want to rule everything, everyone.  That's reason enough to
them.
Besides, the human genetic code is real malleable compared to most other
species.  Makes us perfect for their experiments. They keep trying to make
the perfect slaves for various purposes."  Father Steel said.
        "This is insane." Tenchi said.
        "The whole universe is insane now.  It's getting worse to."  Father
Steel
said with a sick smirk.
        "What do you mean?" Tenchi asked turning to face Father Steel, brown
eyes
wide.
        "Matrix, halo of plan B please."  Father Steel spike into his wrist.
He
then took of a small object from his wrist that looked like a cross between
a watch and a small computer screen.  He laid the object face up on the
cracked ground.  A picture sprung up of a missile. It was tall and sleek
with massive engines at its base.
        "Tenchi, you're plan A.  This is plan B, the Interplanetary
Ballistic
Missile, IPBM for short.  Range of over 1,000 parsecs, a parsec equals 3.26
light-years by the way.  We have made about 300 of the things, stashed them
in Atlantis, be ready to launch in a year.  Just one of the things has
enough power to wipe out half a planet. We're making more."  Father Steel
explained.
        "Do you expect this to solve anything?" Tenchi replied horrified.
        "No, I expect it to hurt them.  I expect it to bleed them so badly
they'll
have to lift the siege on Jurai. They will be confused, disoriented, but
they'll recover.  They always recover.  They're drawing on resources we
can't even begin to match and they have to firm a foothold to be thrown out.
  Even if I blow their worlds out from under them."  Father Steel said.
        "Then why?" Tenchi asked.
        "I can't win, but maybe I can make victory worthless to them.  They
turned
Earth... The whole universe into one giant hell.  All I can do is return the
favor has best as I can."  Father Steel said gazing off into the east.  He
took a deep breath and continued.
        "But, if you stop them before they even start...  Then this will
never
happen.  We might even live happy ever after.  Anything's possible."  Father
Steel finished.
        "What should I do?" asked Tenchi.
        "Don't hesitate, never hesitate.  Remember this is what will happen
if you
fail.  So do whatever you must, sacrifice whomever you must, but for the
sake of all who live don't let them beat you.  Or else this.  Hell on Earth,
on every world.  For everyone and everything. You cannot afford to show
mercy to the enemy, or the universe pays for it” Father Steel instructed.
        "You have my oath, I will not allow this to happen.  No matter what
comes
to pass."  Tenchi whispered finding resolve in the bones of what had been a
great city once.  A city filled with men, women and children, filled now
only with death.  Father Steel looked at Tenchi and nodded slowly.
        "Come, we better go back.  The longer we stay the more likely The
Night
Children will stumble over us."  Father Steel said turning back to the
hidden cover.  Tenchi gladly followed, anything to put some distance between
him and this nightmare.

                Song: Ava Adore (Smashing Pumpkins)
                Time: 20 years in future
                Location: Father Time's room

        Ayeka watched Tenchi leave the room.  She leaned back in her seat,
her head
spinning.  This was really too much!  How could anyone cope with this?
Ayeka internally groped for mental ground to stand on.  In the last couple
hours her whole universe had been spun upside down and give a vigorous
shaking.  She seen old myths come to life, a future she hadn't imagined in
her worst nightmares and down her brother stood in front of her, scarred and
disfigured.  She wasn't even going to think about the young Mayuka that sat
in front of her,
        Ayeka gave Mayuka a careful look.  Mayuka was dressed in tight
leather
armor.  Leather black as night, like Taro and Father Steel himself.  Only
tighter, much tighter.  It showed off her rather shapely figure, a figure
that was shaped by pure muscle.  Struggling for a means of opening
conversation, as Yosho was in a corner with Taro deep in speech.  Father
Time lay asleep in his cot, while it seemed rude to Ayeka, no else seemed to
see anything strange about staying in the room.
        "Why did you cut your hair so short?" Ayeka blurted out.  Mayuka
blinked,
her hand going to her blue hair.
        "Huh? Excuse me?" Mayuka asked.
        "She asked why you cut your hair so short.  It’s really beautiful,
why chop
it down so short???" Mihoshi said before Ayeka could change tack.
        "Long hair gets in the way in a fight.  Do you really think my hair
is
beautiful?"  Mayuka asked Mihoshi.
        "Oh it is! It is!  Such a lovely color.  Besides I just put my hair
up and
no problems!"  Mihoshi replied.
        "Excuse me, but I think we have more serious things to discuss."
Ryoko
snarled.  She couldn't believe that they were talking about hair, now of all
times!  Tenchi was in danger from some freaks that couldn't even stay in
their own universe and they're talking about hairstyles?
        "Yes, you're right Aunt Ryoko, I'm sorry." Mayuka said.
        "What are the Night Princes?  I heard all of you talking about them
but I
have no idea what they are, or how many of them there are?"  Ryoko asked.
Five thousand years of combat had taught her to always identify her
opponents and find their weak spots.  The better to destroy them.
        "They're the leaders of the Night Princes.  There are hundreds of
them
throughout the galaxy.  We think there might be more.  They seem to draw
their power from somewhere.  Or maybe some ones... We don't know for sure.
They can destroy entire cities,  Marson destroyed the planet Kitora's moons,
all 7 of them.  100 million people gone just like that... We know they very
powerful and very cruel."  Mayuka explained.
        "Do they have any weaknesses?" Ayeka asked, urged by her court
training to
find a weakness, no matter how small.
        "They get tired.  They're very sure of themselves." Mayuka answered.
        "Excuse me, but who is Marsons?" Washu jumped in.
        "He seems to be the overall leader of the Night Children.  He and
Bri...Steel have been trying to kill one another for a long time..."  Mayuka
trailed off, absently wringing her hands.
        An uncomfortable silence reigned until Father Steel and Tenchi
returned a
few minutes later.  Tenchi had a haunted look in his eyes that kept even
Ryoko from going to him.  Father Steel took a deep breath.
        "You will be leaving in the morning.  We'll take you your rooms, you
going
to need your sleep.  Taro, take princesses Ayeka and Sasami to room 3, and
Mihoshi to room 4.  Mayuka take Ryoko to room 26 and Washu to room 27.  I'll
escort Tenchi to his room.  Father Blade, you will be leaving on evac train
number 3 correct?"  Father Steel announces.
        "Yes, and I'll escort Ayeka and Sasami to their rooms.  I think the
baby
should go with Washu, don't you Mihoshi?" Yosho turned to Mihoshi who was
cradling baby Mayuka in her arms still.
        "Oh, My Yes!  I couldn't handle her all night!" Mihoshi said with a
giggle.
  Washu took the child from Mihoshi and turned to the babe's adult self.
        "Well, I certainly am sleepy!  Corridor we go, Mayuka?"  Washu said.
Mayuka nodded getting up and heading toward the door.
        "Well, lets go Ryoko!” Washu called out over her shoulder as she
left.
        "I'm coming." Ryoko grumbled as she flew off after them, fleeing the
site
of a haunted Tenchi, she couldn't comfort.
        "Ayeka, Sasami, corridor we go? It is getting late." Yosho said
gently.
Ayeka and Sasami quickly agreed and left.  Taro and Mihoshi shortly followed
them.
        "I think I going to hurl." Tenchi finally said.
        "If it helps, you're taking it very well.  Come on, it'll look
better in
the morning.  Seriously, it will."  Father Steel said.  Tenchi got up and
waved at him to lead on.  They moved down the corridor, quietly and in the
opposite direction of everyone else.
        "I thought you'd prefer not to have anyone drop in on you tonight."
Father
Steel explained as they stopped in front of a plain gray door about a 100 or
so feet down the corridor.  Tenchi nodded, it would be a long enough night
as it was without company.
        "One more thing, could you give this to Brian, when you see him."
Father
Steel said handing Tenchi a small clear crystal.
        "I thought you were?"  Tenchi asked.  Father Steel smiled tiredly.
        "I stopped being Brian Hadthorn a long time ago.  Now there is only
Steel,
it's better that way.  Goodnight Tenchi, rest well, it's a long trip
tomorrow."  Father Steel said as he turned to go.

        Meanwhile Mayuka had escorted Ryoko and Washu to their rooms, which
were
right across the corridor from one another. Ryoko for once went to bed
without any games.  Washu stopped in the doorway and spoke to Mayuka.
        "Tell me, Mayuka, you and Father Steel know each other well?"  Washu
asked
slyly.
        "Uh, you could say that..."Mayuka answered.
        "So, how long have you two been sleeping together?"  Washu asked
with a
smirk.
        "How did you know???" Mayuka exclaimed.
        "I seen that look on a girl face before.  I also saw the way he
looked at
you when he thought no one else was looking.  So really, how long?"  Washu
spoke her eyes gleaming evilly
        "About a year."  Mayuka whispered.
        "Why the big secret?" Washu asked.
        "He thinks I'm safer that way." Mayuka said with a shrug.  Both she
and
Washu rolled their eyes at that.
        "Men." They said at once.
        "You know if this works, you and Father Steel might never..." Washu
begun
to explain.
        "I am aware of that, Aunt Washu, but if that means avoiding all this
pain
and misery...  Then how can I not take this one simple chance?  If I'm meant
to be happy, I will be."  Mayuka answered.  Washu impulsively embraced her
'niece,' her eyes brimming with tears.
        "Know this Mayuka, no matter what happens I am proud of you and will
make
this sacrifice worth to you, I swear it."  Washu whispered.  She had lived
for over 20,000 years and few were the times she had seen such displays of
character.
        "Thank you, Aunt.  This means more than you can know."  Mayuka
replied
hugging her back.  They held the embrace for a moment and released each
other, with a small smile Washu retreated into her room.

        Ayeka sent Sasami into the room ahead of her to settle down,
promising to
tell her a story before they went to sleep.  Once she was sure that Sasami
was out of earshot, Ayeka turned to her brother.
        "Yosho, how did this insanity come to pass without Jurai notice?"
She
asked.
        "I am unsure of the details, but am all to familiar with the method.
They
infiltrated the Royal court, took advantage of our arrogance and greed.
Distracted us with intrigue and infighting.  In short, The Night Children
did this because Jurai was to caught up in herself to pay any attention or
even care."  Yosho explained.
        "Surely no one would have sold out to them!" Ayeka hissed in dismay.
        "The Nobles are close minded and short sighted, you know this.  They
see
only their own power and splendor.   They did not react until Edwei fell.
Then it was to late." Yosho whispered.
        "I see.  What of yourself?  What happen to you?"  Ayeka asked her
beloved
brother.
        "War, I lack Steel's regenerative powers, so the injuries I sustain
do not
heal as well. Mayuka and Taro are too young and as of yet too lucky to have
collected any scars as impressive as my own. Although they do have one or
two."   Yosho said with a shrug.
        "Will you see us off in the morning?" Ayeka asked.
        "I'm afraid not.  Father Matrix and I will be leaving in an hour, on
the
next evacuation train to Atlantis base.  It is against our usual operating
policy for all 3 of us to be in the same spot for very long.  As long as all
of us are together one lucky shot could behead the entire resistance."
Yosho explained.
        "I understand.  Do you have any messages for the others?" Ayeka
asked.
        "Tell Tenchi to stay strong.  Remind him to keep his guard up as
well, he
has a tendency to drop it after a pass."  Yosho said with a smile.
        "I will, be well, Yosho."  Ayeka said with a bow and stepped into
her room.

                Song: Unforgiven (Metallica)
                Time: 20 years in the future
                Location: Main Base, 1.5 miles beneath San Diego Ruins

        Tenchi woke up to a siren screaming.  The lights had come on and
were now
red.  In the corridor outside he could hear men running and yelling to one
another.  He realized that someone was pounding on his door.
        "Tenchi! Open up! Tenchi, we have a situation happening!!!"  A voice
Tenchi
recognized as Taro's penetrated the metal door.  Alarmed and fully awake
Tenchi leapt out of bed and pulling on his pants headed for the door.
        Opening the door he saw Taro, dressed as always in his black
leather,
gripping Tenchi-Ken.
        "What's wrong?" Tenchi asked.
        "The Night Children have broken through the surface lines, they’re
trying
to penetrate the main gate! Father Steel sent me to get you, we have to get
back to the lab, NOW!!!" Taro yelled over the siren.  Tenchi grabbed his
shirt and he and Taro took off at a run toward the lad.  They passed
solders, in camouflaged uniforms, running in the opposite direction.  The
solders were of widely different ages, the leader of this small unit seemed
well into his fifties, if not older, the youngest seemed barely 15.  They
all clutched Juraian rifles and had their faces set in an emotionless
expression, however.
        "What about the girls?" Tenchi cried.
        "Mayuka getting them, they will meet us at the lab.  Hurry for Kami
sakes!!!" Taro cried.  Taro and Tenchi reached the elevator, to find Mayuka
and the girls already in it.
        "Everyone alright?" Tenchi asked. Washu comforting a whimpering baby
Mayuka
nodded absently.  Sasami her face pale and her eyes huge with fright spoke
up.
        "Tenchi what's happing? I'm scared!"
        "The enemy coming through."  Tenchi answered Sasami gasped.
        "Do not worry, by the time they break through, you will have
returned to
your own time."  Taro reassured the group as the elevator began to drop.
        The elevator doors opened at the lab level, the group moved out as a
unit
of soldiers moved onto the elevators heading upward.  Taro and Mayuka lead
the others down the corridor into the lab.  Father Steel and Father Time
stood at different terminals in the lab typing in commands.
        "Dropping blast doors!"  Father Time cried triumphantly.
        'That'll delay them about 20 minutes."  Father Steel calculated.
        "Then what?" Father Time asked.  There was a small red button beside
Father
Steel, cover by a square glass case.  Without even looking or considering
Father Steel smashed his fist through the glass pressing the red button.
The siren stopped plunging everything into an eerie calm, the light stilled
into their normal phase.  Father Steel grabbed a nearby headset with a
microphone.
        "Attention all personnel, self destruct in 30 minutes.  Evacuate by
sections, last train leaves in 25 minutes."  Father Steel announced.
        "It's that easy to activate the self destruct!?!" Father Time asked.
        "Anyone can do it, because you never know what will happen and who
will be
close enough to do it."  Was Father Steel's answer.
        They turned to face Tenchi and the others gathered at the door.
Grim
acceptance in their eyes.
        'Well Tenchi, ladies, sorry you can't stay.  It was nice having
y'all
though.  Safe trip home."  Father Steel said with a wry smile.
        "You could come with us." Tenchi offered.
        "Thank you, no.  There's no place for two of me in your time.  I'm
too
damaged... However..." Father Steel looked meaningfully at Mayuka.  Mayuka,
her face hard just stubbornly shook her head.  Father Steel smile turned
sad, but calm as if accepting something he already knew.  His gaze turned to
Taro.
        "Brother Light, I have one last mission for you.  Go with Tenchi and
protect him from our enemies, ensure his success."  Father Steel ordered.
        "Thank you for your trust Father.  However, I will not leave you
now."
Taro answered calmly.
        "No, I supposed you wouldn't... Very well." Father Steel offered his
hand
to Taro.  With a proud smile Taro took it.
        "Know that I am always proud of you and of what you've done."
Father Steel
said.  With that he slugged Taro across the face.  Taro's head snapped to
the side, his eyes looking betrayed as he sagged to the ground.  Father
Steel tenderly picked him up and handed him to Ryoko, who took his weight
easily.
        "He is, in all that matters, my son.  Please make him understand."
Father
Steel said staring into Ryoko's golden eyes.  Ryoko silently nodded.
          "I must go.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Washu, Ayeka, Sasami, good
luck."
Father said has he left the lab.
        "Goodbye, Father." Mayuka said with a bow.  Tenchi returned the bow.
Mayuka turned and followed Father Steel.  Father Time motioned them unto the
shallow pit in the middle of the lab.
        "Good luck and don't lose." Father Time said as the glowing disk
appeared
above them.
        "I hate this part." Ayeka muttered as the disk rushed down on them.
With
that they were whisked away back to the past.
        "You and me both." Father Time said to himself as he sagged against
the
wall.  Wearily his hand thrust into a pouch tied to his belt.  He pulled out
a stim shot and jabbed it into his arm.  Instantly he felt better as energy
filled him.
        "That's more like it." Father Time said.  He couldn't get any pay
back if
he couldn't stand up now could he.  With a chuckle he left the lab the door
automatic sliding shut behind him.  He jogged down the corridor to catch up
with Father Steel and Sister Dark.
        "It's done?" Father Steel asked.  Sometimes he could be redundant
like
that.
        "It's done."  Father Time answered.
        "Let's go then." Sister Dark said, stepping into the elevator, all
business.  Father Steel and Father Time followed.  The elevator slid
smoothly upwards as they lend back on the walls.
        "What's the plan?" Father Time asked.
        "Fighting withdrawal most like.  Just get on the last train, or
you're
going up in radioactive smoke."  Father Steel said.
        "What you use?" Father Time asked.
        "Old-School fission bombs" Father Steel answered.
        "For that retro 90's charm?" Sister Dark asked.
        "Something like that." Father Steel answered with an indulgent grin.
        The elevator stopped and they stepped out.  A lieutenant turned and
reported.
        "Sir, they've been steady burning through for the last 5 minutes.
Companies Alpha through Delta has been successfully evacuated.  Fox through
Gamma are boarding the trains now."  The Lieutenant said.
        "Good, have everyone fall back to India sector. We'll set up new
post
there."  Father Steel ordered.
        "Aye aye, Sir!" The Lieutenant replied turning to go.
        "Shouldn't he have saluted or something?" Father Time asked.
        "I modeled our formalities after the Marines not the Army.  Marines
don't
salute indoors."  Father Steel said.  The solders began to withdraw, as they
turned to go Sister Dark stopped.
        "What's wrong?" Father Steel asked.
        "Do you hear that?" Sister Dark asked.
        "Hear what?" Father Time replied cocking his head.
        "Wait, what's that hissing... Oh, Lord above!  Everybody out! Now!
It's
going to!!!" Father Steel never finished, as that's when the main gate
exploded throwing everyone down the entrance corridor.
        "Retreat!!!" Father Time cried picking himself up when the shrapnel
stopped
fling.   The rebels picked themselves up and begun to move when a great
shout was heard.
        "KILL THEM, KILL THE SCUM!!!" Howled a massive voice.  An answering
roar
echoed down the corridor from a hoard of throats.  Red armor figures started
to pour through the ruins of the gate.
        "Retreat by squad order!!!" Screamed the Lieutenant as a squad lined
up.
Father Steel grabbed Sister Dark and Father Time.
        "We've got to get to a comm unit!" Father Steel cried.
        The unit of rebels was divided into 3 squads of 12.  One squad would
stop
and fire covering the retreat of the other two.  The two squads would run
about 20 steps, and then one would stop turn and fire covering their
fellow’s retreat. They pour shot after shot into the foe, but the red plated
hoard advanced over the bodies of their own dead, howling with bloodlust.
        Father Steel sprinted to a comm unit set into the wall and activated
it.
An officer wearing Captain insignia appeared on the screen.
        "They have broken through! Get Omega, Tango and Zulu companies to
sector
Manga, blunt the assault and attempt a withdrawal.  Get as many as you can
on those trains!"  Father Steel ordered.
        "Understood, Sir!" Came the reply, the screen black out.  Father
Steel
turned to the other two.
        "Father Time, proceed to evac sector, see if you can hurry the
evacuation.
Sister Dark and I will follow after we enable the traps."  Father Steel
ordered.
        "Got it." Father Time said, taking off.
        "I'm surprised you didn't try to get rid of me." Sister Dark said
watching
Father Time go.
        "If I thought it would work...”Father Steel answered ruefully.
Sister Dark
just grinned and shook her head.
        "No way old man, you're stuck with me forever." She said.
        "Not a bad fate all things considered.  You take right, I'll take
left?"
Father Steel asked.
        "Sure." Sister Dark said, leaning toward Father Steel.  They shared
a
single fierce kiss and parted going opposite ways.

        The last remaining squad continued to fall back in fire team order.
Refusing to break in front of the overwhelming forces against them.  The
Lieutenant was dead.  The Sergeant, who ran the platoon, anyway was in
command.  His fire team hustled toward the elevators that would lead to
freedom.  He heard the fire team behind him hit the ground, dead from the
silent lasers that were the staples in this long war. He stopped the fire
team and turned them.  They opened fire, 4 beams of light flashing into the
barbarian hoard reaping death.  Answering shots flashed back One by one they
fell around the Sergeant, until at last the Corporal that he had known all
his life slumped to the ground, lifeless.  Cold and calm the Sergeant turned
and murdered his brother's killer.
        "Enough. This cur is mine.” said a gruesome voice.  A creature
covered in
blue horn, wearing red plate mail stepped forward.  It's insect-like legs
bringing it closer with every step.  The Sergeant showed no fear, he merely
trained his rifle on his opponent and opened fire, pouring shot after shot
into center mass.  It was to no avail.  The alien monster stopped in front
of him, grabbed the Sergeant by the throat and began to squeeze.
        The Sergeant's hands moved to his chest where his last grenade sat.
Whispering a prayer to a half remembered God, the Sergeant pulled the pin.
The explosion knocked the thing off its feet.  It sat up and check itself,
its plate mail had been completely destroyed, but it was otherwise
undamaged.  Standing up it waved it arm forward.
        "Onward!" It shouted.  With a bloodthirsty roar the hoard rolled on.

        Seven levels down, Sister Dark armed the traps for that sector.  She
turned
and leapt, flying down the corridor, she was only one level above sector
Manga.  She stepped into the elevator, where Father Steel was waiting. It
slid down the shaft and halted.  They stepped out; Omega, Tango and Zulu
were dug in.  The elevators had opened into a large room with 3 corridors
leading from it.   The 3 companies had dragged out heavy furniture, tables’
beds, etc, to make a barricade.  Father Time stood behind it, back up by 300
rifles.
        Father Steel briefly inspected the position.  It was good enough.
        "Good Job.  How long do we have left?"  Father Steel asked.
        "Ten minutes before the last train leaves.  Everyone just about out,
expect
us." Father Time reported.
        "Good." Father Steel looked about him and saw the company commanders
standing close by.  He gestured the officers over.
        "Father Time, take Zulu company, Sister Dark take Tango, and I’ll
take
Omega.  We'll each proceed down a different corridor way to the evac point.
Fall back by platoon order of coarse." Father Steel said.
        "Sir, the corridors Tango and Omega are taking meet about 600 meters
down.
We've erected defensive positions there as well in case of necessary."  The
Zulu commander reported.
        "Very good Captain.  We'll hold there if necessary.  I'd rather get
on the
train though, wouldn't you?"  Father Steel replied.  A low chuckle was his
answer. The officer went back to their units to pass on the orders and
prepare to implement them.  They stood waiting, they could hear above them
explosions and the odd scrams as the invaders found the various 'gifts' left
for them by Father Steel.  Soon they hear the hum of the elevators raising
up and then sliding down the shafts.  The five elevators opened disgorging
the red plated hoard.  The rebels opened fire mowing their foes down with
blazes of silent laser fire.  Again and again the elevator doors opened to
release even more opponents upon them.
        "Time to go boys! Our train leaves in 5 minutes!"  Cried Father
Steel
signaling the retreat.  The rebel companies fell back, followed closely by
their foes, who bayed for blood.        Despite heavy enemy fire and the
heavy
causalities that went with it the rebels did not break, but gave ground
grudgingly, covering every inch with a carpet of enemy dead.

        Father Time hurried his troops down the corridor.  They were so
close; he
could almost taste escape.  He felt a sudden burning in his left leg and
went down.  He had been hit.  Thinking quickly he dragged himself into a
side room.  He heard the last of his solders pass by.  Heard the first of
the enemy pursue.  Thrusting his hand into his pouch he made a final choice
grabbing a pain killer and a trio of stims he jabbed them into his arm.  The
pain disappeared and the world seemed to slow down.  Grabbing a pair of
Juraian pistols and pressing them to his lips in silence prayer, he kicked
open the door and leapt out into the corridor.
        He landed behind the first group of the enemy pursuers.  With a wild
cry he
opened fire, his shots slamming into the opponents backs.  They fell like
wheat before the scythe.  He turned, one man against the tide and opened
fire, reaping bloody revenge for his many pains.  Lost in the painkiller's
haze, he did not feel the dozen shots that burned through his great bulk.
He did not feel himself sagged to his knees, he just kept firing.
Until
one of the foe got to close, an orange skinned creature with a pair of
crimson horns.  It knock him down to his back, lifted it foot and stomped
down on Father Time head once.  Then moved on leaving the corpse behind it.

        Tango and Omega reached the last position, the Night Children right
behind.
  Soon it was hand-to-hand.  Vibro bayonet against sonic blades.  Father
Steel grabbed a carved handled that hung from his belt, the handle was as
long as his forearm.  He held in one hand and one silver energy blade came
to life, his other hand grasped the handle and a second blade burned into
existence.  Eyes glowing silver, Father Steel leapt into the battle becoming
an angle of death.
        Sister Dark sliced through the enemy with her energy blade.  She
floated
above the fray, diving down upon her prey like a hawk.  She assaulted an
enemy officer, gutting him.  She looked up from her fresh kill.  She saw a
tall, thin humanoid in green robes.
        "Marsons..." She snarled in hate.  His back was turned speaking to
an
underling, perfect.
        Marsons finished giving his orders.  He was annoyed; he had brought
9
legions of troops and enforcers into this complex and would be lucky to
bring back enough live troops to make up a single legion.  Those traps along
with the stiff resistance were decimating his force.  He himself had taken
injury from those damn traps...
        Marsons was distracted from his thoughts by a small breeze he turned
to see
Sister Dark bearing down on him energy blade in hand.  With a curse he flung
a blazing bolt of dark energy at her.  It slid right though her image and
burned through his own troops.
        "Sucker." Sister Dark said from beside him; swing her sword down on
his
arm, severing it.  Marsons screamed in pain.
        "Insolent cow!" He cried grabbing her with his other arm and
slamming her
into the corridor wall.  She crunched into the wall, the impact creating an
imprint of her body on the wall's surface. Marsons floated back gripping the
stump of his right arm.  It began to grow, seeping an orange fluid as it
regenerated.
        "You should know better by now, a puny being like you cannot hope to
harm
me." Marsons said with a sneer.
        "I'll show you puny!" Sister Dark cried attacking. Marsons easily
avoided
the assault.  He blasted Sister Dark with a wave of energy forcing her to
her knees.  Marsons then reached down and grasped her neck holding her up in
the air her feet dangling has she choked.  Marsons held up his newly regrown
right hand, the fingers stretched and hardened into claws.  With one swift
move he gutted her, releasing her to fall to the ground with a scream.
        Hearing the scream, Father Steel turned and saw her hit the ground.
He
dropped his energy staff in shock.  The silver glowing blades faded as if
they’ve never been.
        "MAYUKA!!!!"  He screamed in rage.  Silver fire began to burn around
him
driving all back.  The fire surged over his skin, bled from his eyes, oozed
from his fingertips.  With an incoherent roar he launch himself at Marsons
burning through enemy ranks.   Marsons looked up from his triumph, right
into Steel's fist.
        Steel's blow landed with enough force to rip apart a small city.  It
caused
a shock wave that threw all those nearby into the walls, shattering their
red plate mail, killing them on impact.  Marsons responded in kind with his
own blow, just has powerful has Steel's.
        These two beings had fought a war, over a decade and a half, unlike
any
other in the history of the universe.  They were primal opposites, the dark
tyrant and the unrepentant rebel.  Their hate for the other had reached the
breaking point.  One of them had to die, they could longer share an
existence between them, and there was only room for one.  All thought left
them they reacted on sheer bloodlust.  No energy blast or tricks just sheer
strength as the battered each other with their fist in the dreadful climax
of a long brutal war.
        Unseen the rebel companies retreated as the Night Children were
forced to
take cover.  The walls cracked and the floor and roof buckled from the
titanic fury of the clash.  Father Steel reared back clasping both hands
together and struck.  The blow swept Marsons off his feet and though the
wall into a room. Father Steel flew in after Marsons, eager for the kill.
He swooped down on the prone Marsons, the urge to kill howling in him.  He
flew face first into Marsons feet.
         Marsons kick sent Father Steel through the roof of the room into
the
chamber above.  Marsons flew after Steel claws out to rend.  Father Steel
grabbed the claw and threw Marsons out of the room, through the wall that
separated it from the corridor. There they slammed into one another beating
each other near senseless.  Marsons claw swept around at Father Steel's
knees.  Father Steel leapt up above the strike, kicking down at Marsons face
with both booted feet.  The force was too much for the floor, which gave way
under them.  They fell to the corridor under them, where they had started.
As they landed Marsons struck, knocking Father Steel away down the corridor.
        "I have had enough of your rebellion!  It ends here!"  Marsons cried
gathering energy in his hands.
        "I'm going to send you back to your masters in Hell!" screamed
Father
Steel; silver fire streaking around his hands.
        They fired, the waves of energy surged down the corridor bearing
years of
hate, rage and pain.  The blasts missed each other screaming pass each other
at unbelievable speed to hit their targets.  Father Steel fell as he was hit
in the chest.   Marsons screamed as the silver fire, power of a long gone
race, wrapped around him eating away at him.  With a last wail, Marsons
burned to cinders.
        Father Steel dragged himself to his knees, looking pass the ashes
that was
Marsons he saw Mayuka's body.  Slowing agonizingly he dragged himself down
the corridor towards her.  Finally after a supreme effort he reached her.
He could heal he knew that, but it would take months, maybe a full year to
even regain the ability to walk, he had 3 minutes before the place went up
in a mushroom cloud.  He looked at Mayuka pale face and took her limp hand.
        "Mayuka, I'm sorry." He whispered closing his with a finial sigh,
surrendering for the first and last time in his life.  He heard the
computer's voice begin a finial countdown.
        "3, 2,1" and then everything faded into a bright light.

                        End Part III
        “The war isn’t over yet, it hasn’t even begun.” Polgara, Castle of
Wizardry, part 4, chapter 26
    Author After word: Sorry it took so long, I’m on a ship in the pacific
right now, it’s difficult to edit in a troop berthing.  The grammar and
spelling should be mostly correct, due to my recent acquiring of Microsoft
Word.  Or so I hope.  Well thanks go out to by brother Thunderrage for his
constant aid and support, so he gets some of the blame to.  Due to
uncontrolled events I’ve lost contact with my other proofreaders Drak and
Zervon.  If one of you two is reading this, drop a line.  All flames,
criticisms, praises and offers of employment (I can dream, damn it!) should
be sent to frigidmagi@hotmail.com <mailto:frigidmagi@hotmail.com>.
Next up, a moment of peace as Tenchi and company prepare for the darkness.
Part IV, It Begins Again.