        Disclaimer: Hello again folks, thanks for continuing your support.
Once
again Tenchi and his crew along with the GP and Jurai are the property of
Pioneer.
        The Keno Alta Draka, Father Steel aka Brain Hadthorn and his crew
are my
own creations.  I'm not being paid to make this story, so please don't sue
me.

                         Tenchi Muyo Possibilities
                            A Dark Future's Past
                       Song: I Think I'm Paranoid (Garbage)
                       Time: Present
                       Location: Okayama, Japan, Masaki Home

          Taro looked over at Washu's collapsed form, a slightly sheepish
look on his face.  He moved over to her prone body and easily picked her up.
          "Why, don't we continue this inside. Out of the rain. I'm sure
there are a lot of questions..." Taro said.
          "Right... Good idea. Yeah..." Tenchi said a little shell-shocked.
The group with various expressions of shock and disbelief follow Taro into
the house.
          Sasami opened the door for Taro, she looked backed and squinted at
him.
          "Thank you... What?" Taro said.
          "You kinda look like him but..." Sasami said.
          "Like who?" Taro asked confused.
          "Like baby Taro!" said Sasami as if it was plain as day.
          "I'm 20 years old, Aunt." Taro answered.
          "Aunt!" Sasami cried.
          "It's what I always called you before." Taro said moving past
Sasami into the house.  Taro headed toward toward the living room and laid
Washu on the couch,  ignoring the wet stain she made. Mihoshi and Ayeka
hurried up the stairs to get towels for every one.  Taro took off the
unnoticed pack he had been wearing and set it down at his feet.  At Tenchi's
gesture Taro took a seat.
          "Aunt could you make us some tea.  This is going to be a long
story..." Taro said.  The other sat down around Washu and Taro. It was at
this point Mihoshi and Ryoko returned with the towels. Mihoshi started
patting Washu's face, with a large pink, fluffy towel, trying to bring her
around.
          "Okay," Sasami agreed, turning and heading to the kitchen.
          "She's much happier now, than when I remember..." Taro observed.
          "What did you mean? You came to save my life?" Tenchi asked.
          "Yes! Who wishes Lord Tenchi harm?" Ayeka asked.
          "Where are they and how do they die?" Ryoko asked.
          "Wait.  Let Washu wake up first.  I only want to run though this
once."  Taro said holding up his hands.  A blue towel dangling from his left
hand.
          It was then that Washu groaned and began to stir. Pushing Mihoshi
away from her face.
          "Whoa!  What a nightmare! You wouldn't believe..."  Washu trailed
off as she caught sight of Taro, her small face going pale.
          "Feeling better?" Taro asked gently.
          Washu just leaned back in disbelief.
          "You can't be Taro, I just held him in my arms a week ago..."
Washu whispered.
          "I'll explain.  There are some things I don't wish Sasami to
hear..." Taro said
          "Where to begin... Yes.  What's the date?" Taro asked.
          Ayeka told him.
          "So much for Father Time's aim... Well then, Tenchi, in one year,
Night Prince Kassa, in front of Sasami, will assassinate you.  That scarred
her for life...  Your death was the opening event in a massive invasion of
our universe, by a group of beings who call themselves the Night Children."
Sasami entering with the tea interrupted taro.  The tea was quickly passed
out and Sasami was profusely thanked as she took a seat.  Taro took a drink
and moved ahead in his story.
          "About a month after your death, Terra is hit. The Night Children
hit us hard. They reduced the Eastern United States to radioactive slag.
They do the same to London, Tokyo, Moscow, Beijing and other large cities.
They land troops everywhere.  Two Americans, who you will meet in about 2 or
3 months, flee to this house.  About a week after they arrive, my father is
butchered by those who believe themselves our masters.  Father Steel and
Washu found me in the wreckage of my former home...  Washu brought me back
and she and Yoshou raised me along side Mayuka.  Father Steel, or at this
point, Brain Hadthorn began to strike back.  He was infected with a virus
you see.  The virus was a leftover from an ancient civilization called the
Keno.  The Keno went extinct about 230,000 years before the Jurain rise to
power.  They left the virus behind to preserve their memory.  The virus
rewrites portions of its host genetic code.  It gave the host body memories
of the Keno, along with enhanced strength, speed and regenerative abilities,
to increase the host's chances of survival.  Add Washu's knowledge and Ryoko
powers and well...  Things got bad for the visitors. Father Steel and the
others took alias’s to protect their identities.  At first they’d just
called him, Steel. The other American, David Curry, was given the name
Matrix; he had gifts when it came to computers. Europe fell quickly, so did
Asia.  In Africa it was hard to tell.  South America just rolled over.  In
Australia most retreated to the bush.  In North America and Japan things
were... messy.  Ryo-ohki was completely destroyed in an attempt to aid the
Yukinojo, which was shot down.  Ryoko survived, Mihoshi didn't."  Taro pause
for a breath.  Mihoshi collapsed into a nearby chair, her hands gripping and
releasing the armrest sporadically.  She could see her death, smell the
scent of an injured ship, and hear the alarm sirens...

                     Song: What if (Creed)
                     Time: 1.7 years in future
                     Location: outer solar system, Neptune solar orbit

        The Yukinojo bucked as enemy weapons fire slammed into its metal
hull.
Plasma from the Yukinojo's cracked energy transfer conduits hissed into the
various compartments, creating searing clouds of heat.  The engines
screamed, pushing the battered ship forward toward Sol, the Earth's sun.
        Mihoshi piloted her ship in an erratic course zipping back and
forth, up
and down, trying desperately to stay alive another 10 minutes.  Tears of
panic, fear and heart rending sadness poured down her tanned face.  She had
been fighting this running battle for almost 3 weeks.  Ever since the Galaxy
Police fleet she’d been a part of had been destroyed in a terrifying battle
with the Night Children. The battle had taken place in orbit over the remote
planet of Deneb. She, as far as she knew, was the sole survivor of that
engagement.  She had seen the flagship go up in a fusion explosion; it's
central power source detonating.  The command to retreat had blared over the
COM and the fleet had scattered before the dark invaders.  She lit out at
first toward GP Headquarters, but her 7 pursuers had done a good job of
herding her away from there.
        Mihoshi smiled grimly through her tears.  It was 4 pursuers now.
She had
gotten a jump on them at Alpha Centauri and if she could get to the asteroid
belt or at least the Jupiter Moons...  There would be fewer of them in this
universe.  She would make her dear, departed partner Kiyone proud of her
yet.  She grunted as the Yukinojo shook under another barrage. First she had
to stay alive another 7 minutes.
        Galaxy Police pilots are trained for zero g maneuvers.  As part of
their
training, they are taught to assign direction, even in the trackless void of
space.  Down was always toward the nearest gravity well, Neptune in this
case. Up was of course away from the gravity well.  The Night Children ships
were 'below' her at the moment, firing into Yukinojo's belly.  As Mihoshi
realized this she bared her fangs in a predatory snarl.  Those dark ships,
looking like sharp bladed flower blossoms with a spike growing from the
center, had just made a mistake.
        Mihoshi hit her brakes, cutting engine power to 15%; she began to
lose
speed almost immediately.  One of the ships moved slightly in front of her,
its engines still at 100%.  With a howl Mihoshi hit her maneuvering
thrusters, swooping on the Night Children ship like an avenging angel.
Yukinojo's forward lasers blazed into its opponent spine, breaking it.  The
Night Children's ship broke in two. Mihoshi barreled rolled thought the
wreckage.  Confusing enemy sensors, allowing her to change course and break
away toward the asteroid belt.
        "Yukinojo, report!" Mihoshi yell over the alarm sirens.  The Robot
dropped
down it's eyes lighting up has reports were fed to it from the ships
systems.
        "Shields down.  Hull integrity at 58%.  Energy bleed in compartments
17
through 31.  Power draining at .173% per minute.  Estimated repair time
necessary-"
        "Skip that!  Give me weapons and countermeasures report." Mihoshi
commanded, her head strangely clearing under the extreme pressure."
        "Weapons at 87%, EMP countermeasure enabled in 3.156 minutes," was
the
reply.  The EMP had been knocked out early in the battle, Yukinojo had been
convinced it could repair the system, it had been right.
        "Are we out of their jamming field?" Mihoshi asked.
        "Yes, Ma'am, Communication window of 13.734 seconds remaining."
Yukinojo
answered
        "Open channel to Ryo-Ohki and Washu." Mihoshi ordered.
        "5.724 seconds required. Opening channel." Yukinojo obeyed
        Mihoshi poured on speed trying to keep distance between her and her
pursuers.  The idea was not to stay out of their weapon range, but their
aiming sensors range.  Lasers had a massive range, depending on the amount
of power invested in them.  The sensors to aim them however were more
limited.  It wasn't enough to 'sense ' the ship to get a lock on it.  Thus
the tactical sensor had lower range then normal sensors but great
definition.   The Night Children ships had a range of 240 million
kilometers.  Mihoshi was about 290 million km away from them; they were
closing at great speed, perhaps 178 million km, a second.  Yukinojo was
damaged and was going at 75% speed at best.  Which was 120 million km a
second if Mihoshi remembered correctly.  Mihoshi frowned as she did the
math.  She had 5 seconds before they started shooting, 8 seconds before they
jammed her COM.
        "Connection made." Yukinojo announced.
        "This is Officer first class Mihoshi, on Patrol cruiser Yukinojo.  I
am
under attack by 3 enemy vessels, request aid.  Hurry Washu, Ryoko! I can't-"
Mihoshi screamed out before static burst from the COM, signaling jamming.
The ship shook again under enemy fire.  This time they stayed above her
taking positions slightly at an angle.
        "Yukinojo, hurry on the countermeasures!" Mihoshi screamed.
        "Mihoshi any rush could lead to lesser effectiveness."  Yukinojo
protested.
        "Delay could mean death!  Just do it!"  Mihoshi cried at her robotic
co-pilot.
        "Yes Ma'am!"
        Mihoshi spent the next minute and a half dodging with all of her
skill,
barely keeping the enemy ships at bay.  The Night Children, frustrated at
this long chase and the deaths of the others smelled the kill at last.  They
surged forward jockeying for position, determined to fire the fatal shot, as
the wounded Yukinojo flew franticly from them.
        "Countermeasures available." Yukinojo reported, Mihoshi could almost
believe she heard dark satisfaction in the robot voice as she deployed her
last defenses. Electro Magnetic Pulses shredded the enemy tactical sensors,
dropping their hit ratio from 45% to 12%.  Bright metallic chaff was release
into the space around Yukinojo.  Blocking the few hits that would have
scored on it.
        Mihoshi could see the asteroid belt ahead.  The floating debris of
rock and
ice made the place a navigational nightmare, a deathtrap waiting to happen.
Mihoshi knew the belt well.  She had patrolled through it often in her time
here.  No one could beat her there. No one, no matter how many of them there
were.
        Yukinojo roared into the asteroid belt.  Mihoshi cut her engines to
20%
power, any faster would not help her.  Her opponents cut their speed even
lower in the strange environment.
        Mihoshi ducked behind a large asteroid, the enemy following her.
They came
head to head with Ryo-Ohki. Ryo-Ohki opened up blowing the enemy ships to
hell.  The other two spilt diving away.  Ryo-Ohki followed blazing away.
The Yukinojo followed, its wounded form bleeding air and plasma.  Mihoshi
had seen friends die, been hunted like a wild animal.  She had had enough
and wanted only vengeance on these twisted creatures.
        She targeted one of the ships, eager for victory at last.  It turned
to
face her, looking its killer in the eye.  It fired a barrage of projectiles,
escape pods perhaps, but traveling to fast and right for her.  Mihoshi
ignored them; everyone knew that only energy weapons could harm a space
ship, projectiles were worthless in space combat.
        Mihoshi was wrong for the final time in her life.  The missiles
smashed
into Yukinojo’s hull.  The explosions tearing huge gaping holes in the hull.
  But that was not the worst.  The missiles had been carrying a strain of
nanobots, nanobots designed to eat away at the enemy's ship.
        "Hull integrity at 21% dropping 2% per second, weapons down, total
power at
46% power bleed at 17% per second.  Abandon Ship, Mihoshi!" The robot
screeched as its power died.  The bridge was in tatters. Mihoshi dragged
herself up.  The explosion had knocked her out of her chair; shrapnel had
torn out her belly.  She could feel her entrails sliding out.  She activated
the COM.
        "Run, Ryoko! Run!" She gasped with her last breath as her ship
disintegrated around her.

        "How in all the universe..." Ryoko whispered watching Mihoshi's ship
being...eaten.  Mihoshi's face appeared on a screen that sprung to life in
front of Ryoko.  Mihoshi didn't look so good.  She bled from several cuts on
her face, her hair disheveled, a bloodstain the size of a dinner plate
spread across her torso.  Mihoshi clung weakly to her command chair.
        "Run, Ryoko! Run!" She gasped out collapsing as the bridge fell
apart
around her.
        "Mihoshi! NO!!!"  Ryoko never had really thought much of the
scatter-brained detective, but she had always been a friend and unjudging
ear especially after Tenchi's murder.  To see her spend the last seconds of
her life trying to warn a space pirate...  A space pirate who had mocked her
so many times...   It wasn't fair.  It just wasn't fair!
        "Ryo-Ohki! KILL THEM!  ALL OF THEM!" Ryoko cried, she was Ryoko, she
had
burned Jurai and countless other planets.  She was not going to run from two
ships, she was going to reap revenge!
        Ryo-Ohki sang out her agreement, assaulting the enemy ships.
Ryo-Ohki was
the most agile ship ever created, bar none.  That was the secret of her
success.  Ryo-Ohki danced around her foes, raking them with her weapons.
Easily avoided their pathetic attempts to hit her.  The Night Children ships
were tough, so Ryo-Ohki was slowly cutting them apart.  Ryoko goaded her
ship on.  Tired of being made a victim Ryoko wanted pay back.  These two
would be a good start she believed.
        The duel raged out of the belt and past Mars, they were in Earth
orbit.
Ryo-Ohki plunged down between the two ships blasting away at both of them.
The Night Children's ships' hull twisted and buckled over the feral raking.
Ryo-Ohki swooped to the right, under the belly of one of the ships.
Ryo-Ohki shifted on her central axis presenting her main guns to the
underside of her opponent.   She opened fire, ripping though the foe.  The
ship bucked like a wild animal.  It's insides blown out all over the place.
Wallowing in it's own guts, the Night Children's ship tore itself apart in a
fury of secondary explosion.
        Yowling in triumph, Ryo-Ohki rose up through the death of her foe to
confront its companion.  That had been the lethal mistake.  For the last of
the enemies, had turned correctly predicting Ryo-Ohki flight.  The flight
that brought undeserving Ryo-Ohki into a barrage of the Nano-Bot missiles.
        The unforgiving missiles crashed into Ryo-Ohki skin, rending into
her.  The
nano-bots were not as effective against Ryo-Ohki as Yukinojo.  Ryo-Ohki, in
pain, still functioned.  Ryoko scream and pleaded with Ryo-Ohki to escape,
to live and fight another day.  Surly Washu could heal even this.  Ryo-Ohki
knew that the odds were against her surviving reentry.
        So, instead Ryo-Ohki charged her killer, at ramming speed.  Her main
lower
spike punched through the other ship's hull with ease.  Locked, Ryo-Ohki
fired her main engine heading right toward Earth.  Ryoko tried everything to
convince Ryo-Ohki to avert herself from this suicidal action.  Ryo-Ohki just
swooped connected with her murderer, burning in Earth atmosphere, waiting
for the correct range.
        It happened all at once.  Hitting what she knew to be her max
teleport
range, Ryo-Ohki teleported her mistress to safety, and fired her main gun
into the depths of the foe, the detonation destroyed both ships.

        Brain rigidly stood outside of the house.  Ayeka stood imperiously
in the
doorway.  Brain Hadthorn cut a dark figure; he stood at 5'9 and wore a long
black riggers coat (a trench coat with a flap that covers the shoulders).
Under his coat he wore a gray shirt and a pair of long black jeans, on his
feet he wore steel-toed work boots. On his waist was a pair of hi-tech
looking pistols, larger then GP blasters, and meaner looking.
        Ayeka was a sharp contrast in white and purple kimono.  She wore
soft
slipper on her feet and her headpiece on her forehead.
        They had been arguing loudly.  Ayeka wanted Brain to wait until aid
from
Jurai arrived before starting his campaign on the invaders.  Brain was not
willing to wait, not by a long shot. These things were dirtying his planet
by their very presence.  They were crushing his species under their boots.
He intended to strike back, while there were still enough free humans to
fight.  He refused to allow his race to die on the order of an alien
princess!
        Ayeka told him that without weapons of equal power that any such
fight was
doomed to failure.  Best to wait, her father would send aid, she would see
to it.  It would only take a few weeks at most.  Surely it was worth at
least 2 or 3 weeks!  If he would just see reason!
        They heard an explosion and looked up, seeing flaming wreckage
diving
toward the Pacific.  Tracing a fiery trail across the mid-afternoon sky.
        "What the..." Brain said the argument forgotten.  Ayeka walked out
standing
behind him staring at the sight.
        "Nnnnnnoooooo!!!!" They heard a cry from the lakeside.  They to look
seeing
Ryoko wavering on her feet, tears forming in her eyes.
        They both rushed to her catching her as she fell into the both of
them.
Ryoko began to sob uncontrollably.
        "Ryoko what happen?  Where's Mihoshi?  Where Ryo-Ohki?"  Ayeka
asked.
        "Dead… Th-They k-k-killed them both.  Damn monsters!" Ryoko sobbed
        "Oh, God in heaven, not this. Please, not this." Brain whispered
bowing his
head to Ryoko's level.
        "It's not fair!  Mihoshi never did anything wrong!  Neither did
Ryo-Ohki!
Why did they have to die?? It’s not fair!!!! Not Fair!!!"  Ryoko screamed in
grief.
        Brain and Ayeka looked at each other helplessly.  All they could do
was
hold the grieving Ryoko in silence.

                     Song: None
                     Time: Present
                     Location: Okayama, Japan, Masaki Living room

        The GP were routed inside of 2 years.  Jurai did better.  The Night
Children's ships used a strange weapon, a missile carrying nano-bots that
ate though opposing ships hulls.  Light Hawk Wings could defend against
that, barely...  Jurai began supplying Terran rebels, when Ayeka refused to
leave.  I believe the phrase you used was 'not before I have the murderer's
head on a platter. You spent a lot of energy trying to find Kassa... But, 12
years after the war started, Azusa, was poisoned.  Ayeka and Sasami returned
to Jurai.  That was when we started construction on an underground base in
San Diego.  The Jurain weapons kept coming and we used them well, very well.
  At this point Steel and Washu discovered 'Chi' energy, a latent power in
some humans.  Using cybernetics implants that were dubbed 'Chi amplifiers'
certain humans were granted powers.  Creating a corps of the warriors Steel,
Ryoko, Washu and Yoshou took the offensive.  The Night Children brought
their own super powered beings.  It was a blood bath.  San Diego was torn to
pieces in one such battle.  As was Hiroshima and other cities. This all took
place within 4 years, 16 years from now is when Ryoko dies."  Taro explains.
          "I die???" Ryoko whispers.  As Washu moved almost automatic toward
her daughter, Ryoko gestured her away.  With a hurt look Washu sat back
down.  Taro nodded and begun to tell the tale, Tenchi eyes grew wide as he
could almost see it.

                     Song:  Last Resort (Papa Roach)
                     Time: 16 years in future
                     Location:  Masaki Home

          Ryoko poured herself a drink, humming quietly to herself.  Today
they had hurt the Night Children, and that always made her feel better.
Those bastards had caused a lot of pain in her life; the least she could do
was return the favor.  She wondered into the living room where Taro was
asleep on the couch, Brain lay in a chair and Mayuka was asleep in her room.
  Ryoko knew because she had tucked Mayuka in herself.  Taro of course
wanted to stay up and listen to "Steel's" stories of the battles.  Ryoko
just hoped they didn't give young Taro nightmares.
           "Oh, my Tenchi, I miss you more than I can say...." Ryoko
whispered taking a drink of the sake.  She looked at the T.V., tuned to a
Night Children controlled news channel.  It was a story about the new
capital city they were building in Central Europe.  It's Gothic spires
clawed ungracefully at the air, its gargoyles infested every corner sneering
down at the human slaves laboring on the dark city's construction.  A figure
stepped out to a podium in front of the gathered reporters.  He was tall,
thin, dressed in pure white, with shoulder length, white-blond hair...
           "You..." Ryoko snarled, remembering the events of 16 years ago,
in a dim shed...  She stood, the glass dropping to the floor.  Her dress
disappeared as her red and black battle uniform came into being.   Power
swirled around her.  The murderer, he was there.  This time he would not
escape her vengeance!
            "I'll kill you..."Ryoko snarled a feral light coming into her
golden eyes, as she disappeared.   She reappeared above the Masaki house,
she blazed across the sky toward Europe, and someone was going to die...

             Washu walked though the front door little over an hour later.
She had just come from the shrine, where she had been speaking with Yoshou.
  They had been hatching a few plans to do greater damage to the Night
Children.  As she stepped into the living room she saw Taro lying on the
coach, Brain across from him in an old chair.  She shook her head, they all
knew better.  Ryoko and Brain should have gotten the kids to sleep.  She
turned to look at the T.V, still on, how careless, and stopped cold.   She
saw a city in flames.   Dark spires fell burning, vehicles were overturned,
streets melted...  Above all Ryoko in her black and red battle suit, eyes
glowing red, battled a white clothed blonde.
              "No...  NO!!" Washu screamed.  She’d lost one child, she’d be
damned, if she lost another!  She spun and ran to the lab, a battle suit of
gold and blue forming around her. She slammed the lab door.  That woke Brain
Hadthorn, Steel.

              "What the..." He said groggy, he stared at the television and
saw Ryoko smashed a blonde man to the ground, a city afire around the two
fighters...
              "SHIT!!!!" Brain cried, coming fully awake.  He scrambled up,
waking Taro.
              "Huh, what the..." The boy said.  Looking down Brain made a
decision that would always haunt him...
              "Wake up!! Ryoko's in trouble and we’ve gotta to bail her out!
You’ve got 3 minutes to wake Mayuka and get ready, then I'm leaving." He
said sternly.  Taro nodded and ran to obey.

               Ryoko flew low and hard above the plains of the Ukraine, 19
Night Lords behind her.  She’d killed Kassa and destroyed that ugly city,
but the fight and the flight had drained her.  She was dead tired, as she
was being chased by some the most powerful creatures in the universe, this
could be a bad thing.   An explosion knocked her to the ground.  As she
struggled to get up, they materialized around her.  Tall, humanoid, and
bursting with power.  The leader a slender redhead dressed in green flowing
robes, he smiled at her.  In the same way Kagato smiled.
               "Ryoko...That was foolish, did you think you could get away
with it?  Did you think you could escape?  Or is one you of your compatriots
going to rescue you?"  He asked
               "Go to Hell, Marsons." Ryoko growled as she attacked, her
light-saber flaring to life.  Marsons easily blocked with an outstretched
hand creating a force field.  With a negligent gesture, he knocked Ryoko
back to the ground.
                "You first, I think, Ryoko.  Kill her, quickly." Marsons
said that, same smile on his face.
                The other Night Princes swarmed Ryoko, energy weapons
cutting into her as they trampled and stabbed in an orgy of violence.  They
slammed Ryoko’s body with bursts of power, again and, again, ripping her
apart likes a pack of mad dogs.
                "NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOO!" An injured scream pierced the scene.  A
young redheaded girl appeared from thin air dropping, beside a broken and
battered Ryoko.  The Night Princes pulled back, surprised by this sudden
appearance.
                Washu cradled her daughter, Ryoko bloody and mangled form
barely recognizable as human.
               "Momma?"  Ryoko croaked.
               "Momma's, here baby, it will be alright." Washu answered
rubbing a hand over Ryoko's blood-soaked, cyan hair.
               "I see him Momma." Ryoko choked out.
               "See who baby?" Washu sobbed.
               "Tenchi....” With a sigh Ryoko said her last word and died.
               "Baby?? Ryoko??? Please??? NOOO!!!!" Washu howled in eternal
grief.  She wept torrents of tears pouring down her cheeks as she bent over
her dead daughter.
             ."How touching..."Marsons said with a chuckle.  Washu turned to
look right at Marsons, her green eyes simmering with hatred.  Washu’s right
hand opened, forming a Light saber.
              "Die!" Washu screamed, throwing herself at Marsons.  Another
Night Prince a purple skinned, squat creature moved to intervene.  Washu cut
him off at the knees.  Marsons begun to fade away like a puff of smoke.
The other Night Princes gathered behind Washu to charge.   Washu stopped
when she saw she could not reach Marsons.  She turns and gazed at the
others.  With her left hand she beckoned them on.  They fell on her like the
tide, and despite all her efforts, her defenses are over whelmed.  She felt
hands grasping her, lifting her up and smashing her down again and again.  A
sword hovered above her, held by a pale, bald twisted thing.  She watched as
it arced down to strike her neck, felt her blood stream out, felt herself
weaken as she drifted slowly in darkness...
              The 17 stood around the two bodies preening in their triumph.
They never saw him coming.  Steel flew right at the one who struck the
finial blow against Washu.  He burst apart in a fine red mist as Steel flew
right though him.  A tall bearded, red skinned creature stopped Steel’s
flight, grabbing him hand to hand.
              Steel roared, channeling his Chi, the bright blue power
swelling in his hands, bleeding from his silver glowing eyes.  The Night
Prince's hands exploded.  The Night Prince bent over screeching in pain,
Steel leveled a kick that separated his head from his shoulders.
             Mayuka had been carrying Taro, she dropped him like a bomb.
Taro cut right though his unsuspecting target with Tenchi-ken.  He turned
and slashed at the nearest one to his left.  The Night Prince, a dark bone
covered nightmare, blocked with it's own weapon.  Mayuka buzzed by cutting
off its head, and plowing into anther one.
             Steel turned to face the Night Princes, his skin had turned
bluish green, his eyes glowed silver, and his hair took on a reddish tinge.
With a roar, Steel fired a chi blast tearing a nearby Night Prince in half.
Steel dropped to the ground snarling, pulsing blue fire burning around him.
             "Keno Alta Draka...." whispered a lizard like Night Prince.
His form blurring like smoke he disappeared.  One by one the surviving Night
Princes fled.
            Taro stumbled up to Washu’s broken body.   In blood covered
leather armor, he knelt, his left hand reaching out to touch the body.  He
gave it a tentative shake.
            "Mother? Mother... MOTHER!!!!" He screamed, as Steel looked on,
his face grim.  Mayuka knelt by Ryoko, trying to find a pulse, she looked at
Steel and sobbing shook her head.
            "Come Taro, Mayuka.... Let us bury our dead.  Nothing can hurt
them anymore...  Nothing...."Steel whispered, as he gathered them up to
return home.... Defeated....

                     Song: Who wants to live forever? (Queen)
                     Time: Present
                     Location: Okayama, Japan, Masaki living room

        "How is that possible?" Ayeka asked.
        "Father Steel told me it was because they had expended their power
chasing and killing Ryoko and Washu... This left them open to revenge.  If
we had given them time to rest, they would have destroyed us."  Taro
answered.
        "What happened then?" Tenchi asked in a hard voice.
        "For a year, they chased us and we chased them.  Chi-Warriors died
in spades as did Night Children Champions.  We had thought it could get no
worse, but it had.   Then after the year had passed, they assaulted the
house, razing it to the ground from orbit.  No one was home, but it was a
blown away all the same.  Steel moved Washu‘s lab to Nagasaki, one of the
few cities left standing in Japan... Anywhere in the world for that
matter...   He wanted to keep it separate from the base in San Diego.”
        “The lab was found.  The Night Princes sent 3 legions of troops to
secure
it.  Father Steel, as he had become known at this point, de facto leader of
free humanity, set off a Cobalt fusion bomb next to a matter/anti-matter
reactor in the lab.  The bomb breached the core, and the chain reaction
destroyed Washu lab, The Night Prince’s legions and all of Nagasaki.  Father
Steel would consider it his greatest sin... But he couldn't allow Washu’s
knowledge to fall into enemy hands.   So he downloaded Washu’s files into
himself.   He had created a cyborg part called a data jack to allow that...”
        “Using Washu's data he hooked Father Matrix up to the Night
Children's
database, rendering him immobile.  Father Matrix found out that the Night
Princes were constructing a satellite system to track and destroy us.  We
couldn't allow that.  So Father Steel took Mayuka, now named Sister Dark,
the Chi-Warriors and I on a raid into space. " Taro stopped to smile , he
lifted his head to look each of them in the eye.
        "We destroyed the network.  We killed most of their super powered
solders.  We killed 9 of the Night Princes.  I killed 2 myself.  Then for
the next 3 years... Stalemate... A constant grinding war of attrition.  A
war we can't win.  Because for every one of the Night Children we kill,
there seem to be a hundred more...."  Taro stopped, taking a sip of his tea.
  No dared to speak.  Taro took a breath and continued.
        "In a raid to free some slaves, Sister Dark and I were called out to
reinforced the troops.  A super soldier named Ishka surprised us. He had
been enhanced somehow and beat the both of us.  Father Steel saved us.  He
killed Ishka.   When we opened the cargo hold, an old friend of Father Steel
stumbled out.  He became Father Time.   The Night Children experimented on
him.  They ended up giving him the ability to send things through time.
Seems that they wish to rule both time and space...  That is when they sent
me here.  Those things appeared as Father Time was sending me back.  I have
no idea what those things were...." Taro finished.
        "Eld Wraiths." Ayeka answered.
        "What?" Tenchi responded.
        "They are supposed to be spirits of the dishonorable dead, murderers
and
such.  The rites to summon those demons are unspeakable.  Such practices
have been outlawed on Jurai, and elsewhere, for as long as anyone can
remember..."Ayeka explained.
        "So it is true...I did not want to believe..." Taro whispered.
        "What's true?" Mihoshi asked, her voice trembling.
        "There have always been rumors... Stories... Of whole towns
disappearing.
Of people being sacrificed to dark gods.  Of demons and things in the night.
Whispers of why our enemies named themselves The Night Children... Father
Steel and our other leaders always denied it, but it seemed has if they were
hiding something.... May Tsunami have mercy on us all!" Taro said.
        "Demon worshippers." Ayeka snarled.
        "Nonsense." Washu replied.
        "What do you mean?" Ayeka demanded.
        "I have lived for 20,000 years.  I have seen no proof that mere
mortals can
control demons.  It's just old superstition." Washu replied haughtily.
        "Explain the Eld Wraiths." Was Ayeka's statement.
        "Most likely natives of a negative energy universe that vaguely
resemble
the Eld Wraiths of your stories.  No need to panic Ayeka. The boogie man
won't get you, I promise." Washu answered.
        "Tell that to Tulsa." Taro said.
        "Huh?" Washu said.
        "Tulsa was a city in the American Midwest.  All its inhabitants
disappeared
without a trace in a single night. We had 34 operatives in the city.  None
of them got word to us that anything strange was going on.  They just
disappeared..."  said Taro.
        "There's always a explanation." Washu replied stubbornly.
        "Is there, Washu?" Tenchi said softly.
        "These 'Demons' are just beings native to a different universe.
They use
advanced science and powers comparable to the Jurain's.   You're allowing
your fear to run away with you.  Real 'Demons' would not be subtle and every
being with a scrap of decency would fight them if they appeared on the
mortal plane. No mortal has ever summoned or dealt with supernatural
embodiments of evil like demons! It is impossible!  And call me Little
Washu!!!" Washu exclaimed standing up.
        The effect was ruined as at that moment the power went out, plunging
them
into darkness.  Everyone jumped to his or her feet in fright as thunder
boomed overhead.
        "I'm scared!!" Mihoshi screamed latching onto the closest person,
who was
in this case Ayeka.
        "Help, air!"  Ayeka gasped as she was crushed by Mihoshi's fright
driven
hug.
        "How could we be in the dark, we're running off a independent
generator!"
asked Tenchi.
        "Let's find out." Washu responded and started moving toward the back
of the
house.  The group followed her, and Taro activated his Tenchi-ken.  Its
bright blue beam
cast an eerie half-light as they moved though the kitchen.
        "Do you have to have that out?"  Ayeka asked, breaking out of
Mihoshi's
death grip.
"Something feels wrong...  Don't you sense it?" Taro whispered.  Ryoko
handed off Mayuka, who slept quietly, to Sasami.  As soon as Mayuka left her
grasp Ryoko ignited her own sword.
        "He's right.  Something is...  Not right." Ryoko snarled and floated
ahead
of the group, phasing though the kitchen door.
        "Ryoko! Wait!  She’s so impatient."     Tenchi said, trying slow
down Ryoko.
Tenchi pulled out his Tenchi-ken and willed it to life.  It's beam leapt
into life [existence may be a better word], a twin to Taro's blade.  The
sword felt...nervous.   Taro and Ryoko were right, something was wrong.
Ayeka gasped in fright.  She pointed to the kitchen door.
        "I feel it! It is out there, waiting." Ayeka gasped.  Sasami moved
closed
to Ayeka clutching Mayuka tight, her face pale.
        "I feel it to..." Sasami whispered.
        "Feel what?" Washu asked.
        "Evil."  They both answered.  The sounds of battle split the silence
that
followed, Ryoko could plainly be heard.  What she was fighting could not be
identified.  Tenchi and Taro rushed the door Tenchi-ken's in hand.  They
burst through the door, and saw a sight that made their knees weak.
        Ryoko was 4 or 5 meters above the floor, battling three bat winged
monsters
that seemed to be made completely of claws and teeth.  Looking on this
contest was a young blond man in a dark robe behind him stood a pair of man
like beings with stone gray skin and chiseled muscles and dead red eyes.
        Ryoko was battling furiously but was sorely outnumbered.  Her
opponents
used massive claws to slash at her.  It was only because of her teleport
ability that she could hold them off.  One of them veered off to attack
Tenchi, while the other two trapped her in a clench of bone claw and energy
sword.  Or so they thought.
        "No you don't!" Ryoko, shouted teleporting right in front of Tenchi,
intercepting the thing.  A ball of energy flared to life in Ryoko's left
hand casting an orange light.  Ryoko smiled as she threw the bolt of energy
right into the thing's face.  The energy blew a hole through it, but instead
of falling to the ground the body disappeared like smoke caught in a strong
wind.
        "What are you?!?" Screamed Ryoko, as the other two plowed into her.
        "Ryoko, teleport!" Ayeka commanded, as small logs formed up around
her.
Ryoko teleported herself behind Ayeka.  Ayeka gestured and the logs
surrounded the two bat-winged creatures.  Energy crackled and hissed as a
shield of Jurain energy flowed around the bat-wing creatures.  The things
screeched a high pitched sound that grated on the ears.  Their edges began
to fray, like a picture set on fire.  Bit by horrifying bit the bat winged
things disappeared, without trace.
        "No demon can withstand the touch of Jurain power." Ayeka said
regally, her
eyes cold with hatred as she stared down the black-robed, blond man.
        "Tree kissing bitch."  The blond man hissed.
        "Demon worshipping sorcerer!" snarled Ayeka back haughtily
        "I know the rest of these Jurain lapdogs, but who are you, boy?" The
blonde
man spoke to Taro, snubbing Ayeka, who fumed at such an insult from common
trash.
        "I am Brother Light, soldier of Father Steel, remember those names,
pawn of
Night, for they will bring you much pain in the future.  To you, traitor,
and the accursed Children of Night." Taro replied drawing himself up
straight in a stiff, formal manner, eyes blazing.
        "Ha, I think not.  You die tonight, Brother Light, you, the bearer
of the
accursed Light Hawk wings, and the rest of the tree kissing scum." The Blond
sneered as he moved back into the shadow.   He spoke in a harsh, dirty
sounding tongue to his two guards.  With snarls that sounded like cracking
stone the huge, menacing creatures moved forward.  Tenchi and Taro raced
forward to engage the gray monsters.    The monsters lunged forward with
wickedly clawed hands.
        Tenchi ducked under his enemies' attack, the Tenchi-ken cutting into
its
knees severing that leg.   The monster went down with a groan and Tenchi
finished it off with a slice to the base of the neck.  The body crashed to
the ground, splintering it.
        Taro's opponent swiped at him with a clawed hand.  Taro cut the arm
off at
the elbow and plunged the Tenchi-ken into the things chest.  It slowly
toppled backward slamming into the ground.  Taro began to advance on the
dark robed blond man, who merely smiled.
        Tenchi looked down at the body puzzled.  Why hadn't it gone up in
smoke
like the others?  Something was wrong here, besides the wrongness of the
whole situation.  Tenchi realized just what the problem was when he saw the
hacked off knee of the monster begin to twitch and grow.   The damned thing
regenerated, worse it was growing into two separate new monsters.  This was
bad, very bad.
        "Everyone, run!  These things are growing back, get to the shrine!"
Tenchi
yelled,  his plan should work.  Should....
        Seeing four monsters rise up where there had been two convinced
everyone to
follow Tenchi.  They ran around the house.  Ryoko swooping down to pick up
Sasami and Mayuka.  They ran up the steps leading to the shrine. Mihoshi
pulled up to run along side of Tenchi, who was ahead of the group.
        "Why are we running to the shrine?" Mihoshi asked.
        "Trust me." was all the out of breath Tenchi would say.
        They reached the top of the steps and darted into the shrine.  The
creatures ran straight towards it only to stop so suddenly if was if they
had slammed into a brick wall.
        "How?"  Ayeka gasped out of breath.
        "Can't enter holy ground."  Tenchi explained.  Everyone stopped and
stared
at Tenchi.
        "Where’d you get that one?"  Ryoko, asked floating to the ground.
        "Old stories mostly.  It made sense."  Tenchi shrugged.
        "Yes, but we are stuck here.  Unless you have a exit in mind?" Taro
asked.
        "Never got that far." Tenchi replied.
        "So, huh, Tenchi?  What do we do when your Father gets back from the
overnight job he was pulling?"  Washu asked.
        "Dad! Oh No!" Tenchi cried.  Everyone began to speak at once arguing
over
the best solution.   The argument got louder and more heated until a glowing
portal appeared over their heads.
        "Hold on, this will be an unpleasant experience." Taro sighed as the
portal
rushed down on them swallowing them up.  Moving them though time.

                                    End Part Two

        End Notes:  Comments? Questions?  Death Threats? Send them to
frigidmagi@hotmail.com.  Thanks once again to my pre-readers, Zervon and
Drak.  Thanks also to my little bro Thunderrage for the song suggestions.
Thanks for reading, hope it was worth your time!!

Next: A Hero's Oath.  Tenchi and crew get a first hand look at the
nightmarish future that Taro has described.  Can they survive?  Also even
more hand-to-hand combat and death!!!
