Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo is the property of Pioneer Video. As such I have no
legal claim and make no profit off this creation.  The "Soundtrack" is a idea
from K'thardin's "Heaven and Eternity" fic.  Father Steel, Father Time and
Father Matrix, are mine own creations.  Thank you.
Keep in mind this is my first fic attempt!

                                Tenchi Muyo
                        Possibilities: A Broken Echo

           Song: Bullet with Butterfly Wings (Smashing Pumpkins)
           Time: 1 year from present
           Location: Okayama, Japan, Masaki Residence

    Sasami walked into the shed, where the family kept the vegetables.  The
darkness of the unlit shed sharply contrasting
   with the beautiful, sunny day outside.   She was wearing her green and
blue kimono and a puzzled expression on her
    freckled face.  She had sent Nobuyuki in about a hour ago and he had not

returned.  So she decided to gather the carrots herself.
    A foul smell drifted to her, causing her to wrinkle her nose.  Sasami
gazed around the shed searching for the source of the smell, rotten radishes

perhaps?  Sasami hoped not.  She then saw Nobuyuki's headless corpse.
Gasping she stepped back to feel the back of her kimono be grasped by a slim

hand.  The hand lifted her up effortlessly and turned her to face it's
owner.
    Sasami saw a tall, slim man.  His long white-blonde hair flowed
elegantly to his shoulders, framing a thin, well formed face.  Pale, blue
eyes stared at her hungrily, thin lips parted to revel needle sharp teeth.

Sasami jerked her gaze down to his clothes in fright.  He was wearing a
white
tailored suit, that seem straight from 17the century France.  His breeches
were soaked in blood.
    "Scream for me little princess." He whispered.  Sasami readily obliged.
    Tenchi had been returning from practice with Yusho.  Tenchi's
grandfather had demanded that Tenchi-ken be in is possession at all times.

So, when Sasami's blood curdling scream rang out, he was ready to respond.
    Tenchi rammed down the door to the shed.  Only to have Tenchi-ken kicked

out of his hands almost instantly.  A long, ancient looking pistol was
thrust
against his forehead.  The pistol was made of steel and wood, with gold leaf

inlaid a longed it's ornate barrel.
    "Good night, sweet prince." His killer said, pulling the trigger.
Tenchi didn't even have time to scream as the plasma bolt hammered though
his
skull.
    "NNNNNNOOOOOO!" Ryoko plowed though the sled wall, snarling in denial.
She heard the shot and knew what that meant.  The murderer laughed and
tossed
Sasami at Ryoko.  Ryoko caught Sasami one handed  and fired an energy bolt
with the other hand.  The assassin smiled and faded out of reality just
ahead
of the bolts, dodging them.  The bolts blew though the sled's opposite wall
and though the house.
    Ryoko didn't care, she was at Tenchi's dead body holding his hand,
begging any power that would listen to bring him back.  It was at this point

Washu and Ayeka arrived.  Ayeka sank to her knees, staining her purple
kimono
in blood and gore, in shock.   Sasami slumped beside her, her eyes vague and

unfocused.
    "Tenchi, no, it can't be! It can't be! Washu, you can heal him right?
Right?" Ayeka asked in the tone of a small girl begging for a happy ending.

It was not to be.
    "His brain been destroyed.  No one can replace a brain, No one.  I'm
sorry Ayeka. I'm sorry Ryoko." Washu replied in a sad, old voice.
    "No, Blessed Tsunami, please no..." Ayeka broke down weeping.
    "Oh, God, No!!!" Ryoko screeched.  The sounds of their grief rose up
into the night.  Shattering the silence.

                      Song: Die, Die My Darling (Metallica)
                      Time: 20 years from present
                      Location: Canada, White Horse territory

    "We're getting our asses pounded out here!  Where's our backup?" The
young solder cried, huddling in his shallow fox hole, dirt staining his
ragged cammies.  Rail-gun shells fell amid the snow all around him.
      "Stay cool! ETA's 4 minutes!" His companion answered as he crouched in

the fox hole.
      "Figures Intel send us after this one, slave convoy, my ass, it's like

E.T.'s got his whole fuking army out there!"  The youngster complained.
       "Welcome to the resistance." His older fellow answered in a dead pan
voice.  It was then the shelling stopped and everything was eerie quiet.
        "Huh?  Think they decided to go home?" The young solder asked.
        "Yeah, 20 years of war and terror done just like that. Right." The
older solder answered, scratching his 3 day old beard.
        "They're out there." The older solder nodded. That's when the shadow

fell over them.  They looked up and saw the 10ft metal monster towering
above
them.
         "Shit! Shit! Shit!" They both cried as the open fired, with their
Jurain made rifles, on the powered armor.  Knowing it to be hopeless, but
trying anyway.  The crab like machine took aim, slowly as if to savior their

helpless terror.  Suddenly the machine jerked to a stop, a strange high
pitched whine could be heard.
         From the machine mid-torso exploded a blue beam, shearing though
the metal as if it was tin.  The machine fell away to revel a Japanese man
who seem around twenty, his black hair was tied into a pony tail and his
brown eyes were serious.  He was dressed in loose, black, leather armor.
          "Your transports leave in 20 minutes solders, better get going."
He said in a quiet voice.
           "Yes, brother." said the older solder dragging away the younger.
           "Is that?" The younger asked breathless.
           "Yeah, that's Brother Light." Said the older as they ran.
           Brother Light turned away from the two solders to lock upon the
grounded enemy transport.  It had once been a blocky, flying device able to
reach orbit.  Now it was a piece of junk.
            That was thanks to Brother Light's, cousin, Sister Dark.  Who
was at that movement ripping a hole in the transport hull.  Sister Dark's
blue hair had been cut boyishly short reveling a pale face, with intense
brown eyes. Her leather armor was tighter, reveling a very feminine figure.
            "Leave that Sister Dark, it's just a decoy! The enforcers will
be here soon."  Brother Light said.
            "Says you, I'm hearing people in this thing.  More than crew
would account for." Sister Dark answered.
             "What? You're kidding, Ofh!" Brother Light had just been
interrupted by a arriving enforcer.  Who had landed feet first, on his head.

Tall, blued-skinned, bald with piggish black eyes, with red plate mail
armor.
 Sister Dark knew her opponent well.
            "Hello, Ishka, still a thug huh?" Sister Dark asked to buy a
little time.  As she said that she moved her right hand behind her back.
            "Give it up, Sister Dark.  This time you're dead."  Ishka said
smugly.
            "Right... CATCH!!!" Sister Dark said.  A writhing ball of
darkness flew at Ishka who dodged by leaping up into the air.  Sister Dark
flew right him at light saber at the ready.
             "Still can't tell a illusion from the real thing, can you?
Idiot!" Sister Dark snarled as her blade clashed with Ishka own dark orange
blade.
              "Rebel Whore!" He growled, bring his knee up into her belly.

Sister Dark, grunted and floated back tricking the enforcer into pressing
the
attack.  He flew right into her back handed blow.  He jerked back, losing
height. Sister Dark pressed the assault with a kicked aimed at his face.
Ishka grabbed the foot, however and used it to toss her down.  He dive down
toward her slamming an elbow into her throat.
              Sister Dark's hands flew to her neck as she choked, her eyes
bulging as she struggled to draw breath.  Ishka floated above her left hand
open, a energy ball forming.  With a cruel laugh he blasted Sister Dark to
the earth where she impacted creating a small creator.
               "How?" Sister Dark barely managed to gasp in pain.
               "Just a little operation, I'm 10 times stronger and faster
than before. So are all the others. Take that into hell, Bitch!" Bring his
left hand up again.
                Out of nowhere a armored hand grasped Ishka wrist, loudly
breaking the bones.  A fist crunched though Ishka plate mail, smashing his
kidney.  Ishka arched his back in pain, surprise and fear evident in his
black eyes.
                 "Hello, Ishka, ready to die?" A low, harsh voice grated in
Ishka's ear.
                  "Father Steel?!?" Ishka squealed.
                  "Well, I ain't Santa Claus." Father Steel answered.
Father Steel was wearing black leather armor, with metal plates riveted to
it
at the shoulders, elbows, knees and hands. The armor hung from a wiry frame.

His jet black hair was cut close to his skull and stood on end giving it a
spiked effect.  His eyes were flat, hard steel grey.
                  Father steel released Ishka who began to sink toward the
ground.  Gauging the timing perfectly, Father Steel kicked Ishka, in the
back
of his head.  Ishka slammed into the ground embedding himself face down into

the soil.  Father Steel, dived feet first onto Ishka's back.  Ishka's spine
snapped with a crack.
            "Mercy, Father Steel, please!" Ishka begged.
            "Get real."  Father Steel said, coldly raising both hands above
his head.  Cold, blue energy swirled in-between Father Steel's fingers.
Abruptly, Father Steel, stabbed his hands at Ishka's back.  The energy
stream
forth, annihilating Ishka's upper body.
            Brother Light woke up at this point, dazed and more than a
little confused.  He stumbled over to Father Steel.
            "Who hit me?" Brother Light asked, rubbing the back of his head.

            "He did." Father steel said gesturing to Ishka's remains, while
moving toward Sister Dark.  Brother Light gazed down on the body, forehead
wrinkled in thought as he attempted to identify his assailant.
            "Ishka?" Brother Light asked.
                             "The one and only."  Father Steel replied over
his shoulder as he moved toward Sister Dark prone form.   Concern briefly
showed itself on his otherwise expressionless face.  Only to be banished
when
Sister Dark stirred.  Replace by a flash of what could almost of have been
relief.   That disappeared to be replaced by steel hard blankness.
             Father Steel knelt down beside Sister Dark and took her
hand.
            "Are you alright?" Father Steel asked.
            "I'm Okay, he just surprised me that's all. So fast and stronger

than last time."  Sister Dark said, sitting up.
            "Brother Light, if you could open the transport?  Must be
important. Since Ishka gave his life for it."  Father Steel called.
            Brother Light did a quick search for the hilt of his sword. Upon

finding it he active it, calling forth a blue blade.  He strode over to the
downed transport and cut the cargo hold in the ship's rear open.  The cargo
hold was filled with people chained to the walls and deck.  They were all
thin to the point of starvation and their eyes had been glazed over with the

hopelessness of their situation.  They were humans and aliens who had been
selected for slave labor on distant planets by the cruel overlords.
            Father Steel and Sister Dark walked up to the hole just in time
to see one ex-slave, a large black man, stumble out of hole. Having managed
to free himself of his chains.  The large black man tripped and fell at
Father Steel feet.  The Black man looked up and gasped.
            "Bri..an???"  The ex-slave said before passing out at Father
Steel's feet.
            "Gregory???" Father Steel whispered, falling to his knees in
shock.

                          Song: Paint it Black (Rolling Stones)
                          Time: 3 days later
                          Location: 2 miles under San Diego Ruins

             "Hello, Father Matrix." Father Steel said, when entering the
circular room.  Father Matrix sat in the middle of the room on a large
relining chair.  He was a big man with a shaved head and a shaggy sandy
colored bread.  He was immobile because of the cables that ran from the back

of his head to machines surrounding him.  Through these cables, Father
Matrix
was connected to every computer in the world.  The wall of the room were
cover by various computer screens which showed read outs and Pictures from
all these computers.   I.V tubes were plugged into his arms feeding him , so

he would never need to eat or sleep.
             "Hello, yourself. Is it true?" Father Matrix demanded.
             "Is what true?" Father Steel asked, baiting Matrix.
             "Don't around this!  Can Greg really do what the report says?"
asked Father Matrix, breathlessly.
             "Move object through time?  Yes, his control is poor and he
needs a lot of time to recover in-between time jumps."  Reported Father
Steel.
              "How?" Father Matrix asked.
              "Our 'guest' have been running experiments.  Apparently even
ruling all of known space isn't going top be enough! They want to rule all
time as well. Bastards.  The procedure is dangerous it seems. Father Time is

the only one left out of 200." Father Steel explained.
             "Why you name him Father Time?" Father Matrix asked pointedly.
             "It seemed fitting." Father Steel answered.
             "Are you going to try Washu theory?"  Father Matrix asked.
             "Oh Yes, we only knew Tenchi for a few months, but I believe
Washu was right.  If Tenchi's murder could be prevented, then perhaps he
could have stopped the invasion.  Think of it, the aliens gone.  Then all of

this... Would never have happen.  No radioactive east coast, no bombed out
Japan, or occipied Europe and Asia.  No torn down cities as object
lessons...
For 20 years we fought to kick these monsters off our planet.  Now we have a

chance to stop them from even arriving! We got to try."  Father Steel said
vehemently.
             "Who are you going to send?" Father Matrix asked.
             "Brother Light, If I or Father Blade go there's no one to lead
in the field in case of emergency. If you go we'll be blind.  If Sister Dark

goes there to much chance she'll meet herself and who knows what will happen

then..." Father Steel said with a shudder.
             "Good point." Father Matrix approved.
             "Just wanted to let you know... Matrix, I'm... not sure... this

will work, or that anything will change even if it does..." Father Steel
admitted.
             "What other choice do we have?  Go tell Brother Light the good
news.  I'll be here, I'm not going anywhere." Father Matrix joked.
             Father Steel laughed weakly as he walked out of the room.  It
only took Father Steel 10 minutes to find Brother Light coming out of a
training room.
             "Ah! Brother Light, may I speak to you?" Father Steel asked.
             "Of course, Father." Brother Light said leading Father Steel to

an elevator lift.
             "You remember Father Time?  The man we saved, 3 days ago.?"
Father Steel asked.
             "Yes." Brother Light answered.
             "He can move things... and people though time.  I need you to
go back for me."  Father Steel went on.
             "How far?" Brother Light asked
             "About 20 years more or less, you're going to stop the murder
of Tenchi Masaki.  I don't need to tell you how important it is."  Father
Steel explained.
             "You've told me the stories all my life.  I understand."
Brother Light replied.
             "Good, you leave in two days. Tell no one." Father Steel
ordered.
             "As you wish." Brother Light replied has he walked out of the
elevator.

                    Song: Enter Sandman (Metallica)
                    Time: 2 days later
                    Location: R&D lab 3, 2 miles under San Diego Ruins

              Brother Light stood in the lab, ready for his journey.  He
carried his sword and a small pack. Father Steel and  Sister Dark stood with

him.  Father Time stood a little apart, preparing for his ordeal. Father
Matrix looked on though a vid-screen.
              "Father Time will be sending you back 2 weeks before the
attempt.  His control isn't perfect but it should be close enough.  Here,
this should keep you supplied."  Father Steel said pressing a small wad of
yen into his hand.
              "Goodbye, little brother, good luck!" Sister Dark said
stepping forward to give Brother Light a hug.
              "I won't fail you." Brother Light vowed.
              "I know you won't that's why I chose you." Father Steel
answered with a thin smile.
              "Let's get started." Father Time ordered.
              Father Steel and Sister Dark, backed away from Brother Light.
Brother Light tucked the yen into his pack and stood ramrod straight, his
shoulders squared.
              "I'm ready." He declared.
              Father Time spread his arms out wide, finger apart. White hot
power crackled around him.  Sweat stood out on his forehead, his teeth
clenched.  The power flowed from him to form a portal above Brother Light.

Three filmily shadow appeared around Brother Light.
             "That's not suppose to happen! What the Hell!" Father Steel
cried.
             The portal rushed down on Brother Light and the 3 shadows.
Swallowing them up.  The portal disappeared taking Brother Light and the
shadows with it.  Father Steel rush to Father Time. Kneeling down he propped

Father Time up.
             "What happen?"Father Steel demanded.
             "Didn't expect the other 3, lost control." Father Time groaned.

             "What were those things?" Sister Dark asked.
             "Eld Wraiths."  Father Matrix answered.
             "How come we never heard of them before?'" Sister Dark asked.
             "They're hard to summon.  It suppose to take the blood of 3
Jurian virgins. They're hard to control as well.  They exist only to kill
and
cause pain." Father Matrix whispered.
             "How they get here?!?" Father Steel asked.
             "I don't know." Father Matrix reposed.
             "Then we better evac.  Thank God, Atlantis is ready." Father
Steel ordered.
             "I'll call Father Blade, we going to need him." Father Matrix
said.
             "Do that." Father Steel said as left the lab carrying Father
Time, Sister Dark in tow.

                      Song: Only happy when it rains (Garbage)
                      Time: Present Day
                      Location: Okayama, Japan, Masaki Residence

Tenchi lean back in his seat watching the rain fall. TenchiKen laid on a
pillow beside him.  He enjoyed quiet days like this where the only sounds
were of rain hitting the windows.  Even Ryoko and Ayeka were quiet, managing

to avoid their usual battles as they clustered around Mayuka.  Perhaps his
daughter would be the peacemaker?  More likely was the fact neither one of
the two wished to get rain on. As their battles almost always destroyed at
least a part of the house.
              "Good Morning, Tenchi, how are you?" Sasami said, in a  her
green and pink kimono.  Ryo-Ohki atop her head and a plate of cookies in her

hands.
              "I'm alright, Sasami, how are you?" Tenchi asked.
              "I'm okay, ant a cookie? They're real good!" Sasami said,
Ryo-Ohki Miayaing her endorsement as well.
              "Thank you." Tenchi said taking a warm cookie.  He bit into
it.  It was good.
              "Why you watching the rain, Tenchi?" Sasami asked.
              "It's calming.  Just to sit and think about nothing and watch
the rain for while."  Tenchi answered.  They sat for a while watching the
calm rain.
              The calm didn't last for long however.  A large splash hit the

lake and a young man leaped out of the water.  He had long black hair tied
back in a pony tail and he wore black leather armor.  In his hand he held a
blue, glowing blade.
              "Friend of yours?" Tenchi asked nervously.  Sasami shook her
head, her pink eyes wide in surprise.
              "Right." Tenchi said grabbing Tenchi-ken and sprinting
outside.  Sasami began calling for Ayeka and Ryoko.  Tenchi reach the lake
side to see the young man battling 3 shadow creatures, he was fighting in a
eerily familiar manner.  Tenchi activated Tenchi-ken, it's blue glowing
blade
casting a unreal light in the cloudy dimness.  He stuck a shadow, it broke
apart as if tore away by the wind.  A second one turn to him and the battle
began in earnest.
              Ayeka, in her traditional kimono, ran down the stairs. Ryoko,
wearing her blue and yellow striped dress, flying in front of her carrying
Mayuka in response to Sasami cries.  While it seem unlikely that there was
any attack, Sasami calls sounded urgent. When she reached the front door she

froze at the sight.  What she saw seemed to be two twisted mirror images
side
by side.
One was Lord Tenchi, dressed in his brown jacket and jeans.  His socks
soaked by the wet ground and falling rain.  The other was a earth man of
similar age and size but he wore loose, black leather armor and his longer
black hair was tied in a pony tail.  They fought in almost identical styles,

this stranger fought like a Jurian!  Flowing like water around their foes.

What really stopped her cold wear their foes, beings right out of legend and

horror stories, wielding the black, soul sucking swords of nightmare.
              Ayeka grabbed Ryoko before she flew past.  She might not like
Ryoko sometimes but, she wouldn't allow the worst treasonous scum of the
Jurai to fall victim to those things. Washu in a long, white lab coat and
Mihoshi in her pink sweater and brown slacks and froze at the sight before
them..
               Tenchi and this stranger seemed to danced around the dark
forms of Ayeka's nightmare.  Gliding pass blows that she was sure would have

cut them to ribbons.  They ducked a horizontional cut, leaping over the
backhand follow though.  The leap carried them right into their foe who
blocked their overhead slash.  Tenchi and the stranger dropped to the ground

effortlessly ad turned in their heels cutting for the shadows side.  The
shadows parried again, a little slower than before.  Instantly the attack
came from the other side.  Again the shadows would parry , but almost,
almost
the twin blows landed.
Tenchi and the stranger fought for a few more minutes before gaining the
upper hand.  They both killed their foe at the same moment, with the same
move.  They blocked a overhead slash, switched their grips and plunged their

blades into their opponent.  The Wraith floated back and disappeared just
like the first.  Tenchi and the Stranger both snapped to the ready stance of

Jurai.  Blade held horizontally,  pointed toward the foe,  front leg
extended, back leg bent, only a quarter of the body presented to the enemy.

They both took deep breaths and for a eternity the only sound was that of
raindrops hitting the ground.
               Finally the stranger deactivated his sword and stood up
straight.
               "Thank you, those things would have had me, dead to rights.

You're as good as the stories made you out to be."  He said.  Tenchi
deactivated Tenchiken as the girls clustered around them, he trusted Ryoko
and Ayeka to guard him for sneak attack.  He look down at the stranger hand
and gasped in shock.  The young man was holding an exact replica of
Tenchiken, the only difference being his sword had one gem instead of two.

Tenchi looked up into his visitors face and saw a face much like his own.
               "Who are you?" Tenchi asked confused.
               "Hello Cousin Tenchi, I'm Taro Masaki, son of your aunt.
I've come to save your life." Taro said with a smile.   Distant thunder
sounded as everyone stared in shock.
               As they stood there in the gentle rain, the only sound was
that of Washu collapsing in a dead faint.

                      End Part one

Next:  Taro Masaki, or  Brother Light as he is known in his time, revels the

fate of a universe without Tenchi.  The fates of all out characters are told

in part two of our story, A Dark Future's Past.  Any C&C, jeers and hatemail

can be sent to frigidmagi@hotmail.com or Right Grate@AOL.com.  I like to
thank my prereaders Zervon and Drakstein, Thanks guys.  Without their input
this fic would not be near as well written.
