This is my second Fan-fic and I don’t own any of the rights to the Tenchi
Muyo characters. Some other person owns them.  I own all copyrights to
Zecks-ohki.  Well mostly. Anyways this is just filler and I bet you don’t
even red this because it is legal stuff that pertains nothing to this
following story.  I could probably spoil it for right here and you wont know
what happens at the end but I am not going to because this might get
stretched out and you might mistake it for the real story.  Well I hope that
you like it because I put a lot of my time into this and pre readers did
too.  If you are a pre reader thanks a lot.  Some of the stuff might be
inaccurate but that is because I might have taken liberties with some of the
characters.  For everyone else this is a first part in a series if this one
really bombs then there will be no more.  Well here it is.

Possession

        “Just another peaceful day at the Masaki house-hold.” Yosho said
sarcastically as he sipped some green herbal tea.
        “Take it back Ryoko!” Aeka screamed.  Out of nowhere 35 logs had
surrounded
the cyan haired demon. “Take it back or else.” Aeka screamed again.
        “Take what back?” Ryoko said coyly. She grinned and jumped past the
Masaki
residence gate and, while in the air, threw an energy bolt at Aeka.  Aeka
used her wooden logs to shield her from the impending blast. Ryoko smiled
and jumped at her with her energy sword.
        Aeka screamed and the wooden logs gave the demon a shock.  Ryoko
fell to
the ground and smoke oozed up from her back.  Aeka looked at Ryoko and shook
her head, “Pathetic little commoner.” She started to walk away laughing.
        Ryoko coughed and looked at Aeka laughing and smiled “You’ve won
this round
Aeka.” She picked herself up and walked to the garden looking for Tenchi.

        Tenchi looked up from hoeing and wiped some sweat from his forehead.
“Look
at all carrots, Ryo-ohki.  They will all be yours when they can be
harvested.” he told the little cabbit. He started to hoe away all the weeds
again.
        The cabbit cocked her head to the side, “Miya?” it asked.  She then
burrowed down into the dirt and started to nibble on the end of a baby
carrot.  She nibbled on it until she heard a yell and popped her head up.
She saw Tenchi being attacked by Ryoko.
        “Ryoko! Let go of me.” Tenchi asked her. Tenchi was struggling but
couldn’t
break the hold that Ryoko held on him.
        “Tenchi, you are making this harder than it has to be.” Ryoko
whined. “I
have a present for you.” She then started to kiss him.  Tenchi panicked and
slapped her. She was taken aback and held her cheek and ran away crying.
        “Ryoko I…” Tenchi started but was too late.  Ryoko was already half
way to
the house.  He looked at his hands and asked himself, “What came over me?”
        “You did the right thing.” Aeka answered.  She held Tenchi close and
said,
“You can’t deny your feelings Lord Tenchi.  You know that you wanted to do
that for a long time now.” Aeka moved in closer and hugged Tenchi.
        Tenchi looked down at his hands and did thought about what Aeka told
him.
‘Did I really have that bottled in me?’ he thought to himself.  ‘Am I really
pushing my true feelings down?’  He broke his and Aeka’s embrace.  “I have
to get back to work.” He told the purple haired princess.

        Later that night, Tenchi lay in his bed and thought about what he
had done
to Ryoko. He decided that he was going to apologize to her since his
previous attempts were unsuccessful.  Each time he tried to Ryoko would
storm out of the room with tears running down her face.  He got up from his
bed and went over to the door and tiptoed out in the hallway.  He crept into
Ryoko’s bedroom and gently nudged the snoring Ryoko.
        Ryoko’s eyes opened with a flutter and she gasped, “Tenchi?  What
are you
doing in here?” She quickly sat up and covered herself with a bed sheet.
        He looked deeply into her eyes and stammered, “Ryoko, I..I..I am
sorry for
what happened in the field.  I panicked and lost control over my body.  Will
you forgive..” He stopped short because he saw that Ryoko was crying softly
on his shoulder.  “Ryoko what is wrong?” he asked the crying Ryoko.
        She tried to wipe the tears from her eyes but they kept on coming.
“Oh
something is in my eye.” She said trying to hide the fact that she was
crying.  Tenchi hugged her and layed her down on the bed. She soon fell
asleep hugging him and he drifted off to sleep as well.

        “AAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!” Aeka screamed the next morning.
“RYOKO I
KNEW IT.  YOU PUT A SPELL ON HIM!” Aeka made her logs appear around the now
awake couple sleeping together.
        Tenchi’s eyes opened and they became wide as he saw what was
surrounding
him and Ryoko. “A-A-Aeka it’s not what you think.” Tenchi tried to explain.
He quickly got up and started to walk to the steaming mad princess.
        Aeka backed away and said “Leave me alone.” She quickly turned out
of the
room crying.  She bumped into Sasami who was rubbing the sleep from her
eyes.
        Sasami came into the room and frowned and then ran after her sister.
“Aeka
come back!  Please Aeka!”
        Ryoko stirred and looked at Tenchi standing over her.  “You stayed
by me
all night?  How sweet.”  Ryoko said as her eyes went glassy.  She stood up
and hugged Tenchi.  Tenchi just stood there in disbelief.  He couldn’t
believe what just happened.  Ryoko looked at Tenchi and stopped hugging him.
  “What is wrong Tenchi?” she asked.
        “Aeka is the problem.”  He said coldly.  “She must be punished.  As
well as
that little brat Sasami.”  He looked at Ryoko and smiled evilly.  He dawned
his battle armor and took out his tenchikan.
        Ryoko who was a bit confused now asked Tenchi, “What are you doing?
I have
never seen you this mad before.” Tenchi looked at Ryoko and took off chasing
after Aeka and Sasami.

        Aeka was in the tool shed crying to herself, when Sasami barged in.
Light
illuminated the whole shed.  Aeka squinted to see whom it was and could just
barely make out the shape of her sister.  “Sasami?” she choked out.  “Is
that you?”
        “Yes it is I, sister.” Sasami answered.  Sasami walked toward the
crying
Aeka.  She sat next to her and put her arm around Aeka’s shoulders.  They
sat there for 10 minutes before the door opened up again.  Sasami squinted
at the frame and tried to make out who was at the door.  “Tenchi, is that
you?” Sasami asked.  Nothing could be heard except for Aeka’s crying.  The
shape moved closer toward the two sisters.  All of a sudden the shape pulled
out a light sword.  “Tenchi?  TENCHI!” Sasami screamed as the shape swung at
her with the sword.
        Aeka stood up.  “I demand to know who you really are and what are
you doing
with Tenchi’s sword?”  The figure swung at Aeka and nicked her hand.  Blood
came oozing out of the cut. Aeka screamed out in pain.  Sasami ran over to
her sister and tried to stop the bleeding.
         Sasami turned around and demanded, “Why are you doing this Tenchi?”
The
figure looked at Sasami and walked into the light.  She gasped as the light
shown on its face revealed Tenchi but something was different.  His eyes
glowed red.
        Tenchi took a step towards Sasami and swung at her and cut off most
of her
hair that was in her bun.  Tenchi looked at how frightened the two girls
were and licked his lips.  He started to raise his sword for the final blow
but Ryo-ohki jumped on his hand and took the tenchikan and ran off with it.
He turned and ran after the cabbit.
        Sasami and Aeka hurried toward the house and quickly locked every
single
door and window.  They sat Ryoko and Washu down and told them everything
that happened.  Not much was made out though because Aeka and Sasami were
crying.  Ryoko knew exactly what happened just by looking at them.
        “What did you do to Lord Tenchi last night, Ryoko?” Aeka asked
coldly.
        “What are you talking about?  He came to my room last night and
apologized
to me for slapping me.  The next thing I knew was that you were storming out
of the room and Tenchi was standing over me.  He said that you two needed to
be punished and left my room.  I know nothing else.” Ryoko said to Sasami
and Aeka.
        “I think I might know what is wrong.” Washu started to say but was
cut off
be Aeka yelling at Ryoko.
        “What do you mean he came into your room last night.  You must have
put a
curse on him.  Lord Tenchi would never apologize to you.” Aeka yelled back
at Ryoko.
        Ryoko gave Aeka a weird look and said, “I wasn’t the one who got
attacked
was I?  Besides I have seriously told what happened.  I am not making this
up Aeka.”
        “EXCUSE ME?!” Washu yelled.  “I THINK I MIGHT KNOW WHAT IS WRONG
WITH
TENCHI.”  All three looked at the scientist.  “Now then.  It is a matter of
Tenchi’s cerebral core manifestating itself in real life.  You see his
medulla ambligada is yearning to take control of his cerebral cortex.  Thus
you have the Tenchi as you see him now.”  Everyone looked at Washu confused.
  Washu sighed and said, “In simple English it is this: Lord Tenchi’s brain
is being taken over by his anger and hatred.  This anger and hatred has been
bottled up for so long that it exploded in what you just saw.  The Tenchi
that we know is being held prisoner in his own brain by the angry Tenchi you
two observed.  There are two options that might work. One is that we all let
Tenchi continue this path of destruction until the rage is all gone or….”
She trailed off.
        “Dammit Washu tell us.  Or what?” Ryoko said strangling the little
genius.
Washu turned on the force field around her.  Ryoko got blown away in a
bright flash.
        Washu smirked and said, “….or we can get Tenchi into my lab and I
can probe
his brain and try to figure out how to shut his anger off, but this is very
dangerous and I don’t know if Tenchi can survive.  His brain might still be
in shock from the anger that took control and another shock and we might
lose the Tenchi that we know forever.  But it might be the only safe way to
deal with it because nobody knows for sure how much rage Tenchi might have
bottled up.  He could have since his mother died all those years ago.  If he
has that much, there might not be anything left anywhere.  He could easily
go into town and pick a fight with anybody.  Knowing how powerful he is
scary too.  If this angry Tenchi knows his own power then we have to operate
on his brain.”  Washu said sadly.  Ryoko looked around uneasily.  “Ryoko,
what is it?”
         “Well the thing is…Tenchi already knows what he can do.  I know
this
because this morning he said that Aeka and Sasami needed to be punished and
he changed into his battle armor.”
        “Well then that leaves us with only one option.  We have to operate
on him
and see if I can release all the tension in his brain.  Or we must keep him
until we figure something else out.” Washu explained.

        The next day everyone was out searching for Tenchi.  The plan was
that
someone would give the word, they would trap him in subspace, and then Washu
would try to see if she couldn’t release the negative energy that had built
up inside of the young prince.  Washu was busy in her lab all throughout the
night getting everything ready for the procedure.  “Sleeping gas, check.
Operating table, check.” Said Washu checking off a list that she had on her
computer.  She looked around to see if anyone was there and chuckled to
herself, “Now I finally get to operate on Lord Tenchi and see what the
secret of his Jurai power is.  My only wish is that I didn’t have to inject
Tenchi with that serum to get him angry at everyone but now I have everyone
out searching for him and little do they know, Tenchi should be fine right
now.”
        Ryoko was calmly walking through the woods calling Tenchi’s name
when an
energy beam hit her face and cut her cheek.  She got furious and called to
Washu, who opened a subspace portal, which Tenchi dropped through.  She then
called Aeka and Sasami who were at opposite ends of the estate and told them
that she had found Tenchi and that he was in Washu’s care.

        Washu looked at Tenchi through the glass cage she made for him.  “I
am
sorry that I have to do this Tenchi.” She whispered through the glass.  Then
she noticed something that didn’t seem right.  Tenchi still had red eyes.
The scientist was taken aback by this new discovery and thought to herself,
‘The elixir should have worn off at midnight this morning.  So why is Tenchi
still evil?’  She brought up her keyboard, tapped a couple of buttons, and
the room flooded with orange colored gas.  The red haired genius waited for
10 minutes to pass before ventilating the room.  She put on her doctor’s
uniform and went inside.  She brought up an operating table that came up
from under Tenchi.

        Several hours passed while Aeka, Ryoko, and Sasami waited for Washu
to come
out of the closet that she had modified.  Washu came out with a strange look
on her face.  “There is nothing to indicate that Tenchi is angry.  But while
I was in there I did some probing and found the secret of the Jurai power!”
Washu said as she held up two fingers in the peace sign.  “I think that the
source of Tenchi’s Jurai power might be corrupted, and when he went angry
and used the light hawk wings he corrupted the Jurai power.  Now whenever he
uses the light hawk wings he will be uncontrollable and try to destroy
everything in sight.  I managed to disable the light hawk wings for now but
if we get attacked by something evil then you Ryoko and you Aeka must stop
it or we will all be killed.” Washu said sadly.
        Ryoko glared at Washu, “Can’t you do anything about it?  You claim
yourself
to be the greatest scientist in the universe.  You must be able to something
about it?”  Said the demon on the verge of tears.
        “I do not know enough about the light hawk wings to successfully
repair
them.  Maybe if we go to Jurai…” Washu trailed off.  “…we can see how they
work but I don’t know if they will let me study them, I do not know their
customs.  Aeka if you could try to help me do this I would be very happy.”
        Aeka looked at Washu and said “If it is for Lord Tenchi then I will
do it.”
        “One of us needs to stay here with Tenchi.  Ryoko will you do that,
besides
I do not think that you are on the best terms with the Jurai?”  Washu told
her daughter.
        “Okay I will stay with Tenchi until you get back.” Ryoko said.

        Their plans had been laid and know it was time to go to Jurai.
Washu and
Aeka boarded Ryo-ohki and left for Jurai.  Coming next week:
        Aeka and Washu have an uneventful trip to Jurai but what  lies there
might
be too much for them to handle and what is Ryoko doing with Tenchi.  You
will find out in chapter two The Planet Jurai!  PLEASE I NEED TO KNOW HOW
GOOD I DID SO EMAIL ME AT Zecks_ohki@hotmail.com PLEASE!!!!