Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo/No Need For Tenchi is a product of Pioneer/AIC.
As such, I'm getting no compensation for writing this fiction other
than my own enjoyment and to bring pleasure to the fans of this
wonderful series.
Forward: This is Book Number One of my normal Tenchi series: The
Possibilities are Endless. These stories will not be connected to each
other unless it is mentioned as a sequel to a previous story in the
forward. I'm using a cover title to make it easy for readers to find
the stories and to read them in the order I wrote them.
I would appreciate any C&C about this work. My two E-mail addresses
are:
V_Bashaw@hotmail.com
Horosha@RC_Books.zzn.com
The events in Book One occur eleven months after the events recorded in
Tenchi OAV Second Season. If you have questions about the story or how
I portrayed the characters please read the notes at the end of the
book. I have created a glossary of Nihongo words, idioms and titles to
help readers understand them, included are some Juraigo words, idioms
and titles I created for my works. The glossary can be found in TMFFA
Crossover section, under the title Strange Days. The butterfly motif I
use here for Ayeka wasn't created by me but by a good friend of mine,
Literary Eagle, for her own fanfic series, "Confess to You."
My prereaders for Book One are Donald Dortmund, Jurgen, Pixie of
Destruction, JB747, and BlaqueTalon.
If I can get in on time, this story will be my entry for the Ayeka Fan
Club Contest. Wotatsu has given me permission to post this story before
the contest deadline if I couldn't wait. So I did.
Dedication: This series is dedicated to the people who brought Tenchi
Muyo in life: Hayashi Hiroki, Kajshima Masaki, Hasegawa Naoko, and
Kuroda Yosuke.
Warning: Just like the Tenchi Muyo OAV this work contains adult
language and situations (including some ecchi scenes), so any minor
should get parents' permission before reading it.
**********

Tenchi Muyo
Series Title: The Possibilities are Endless
Book One Title: Teardrops of Startica
A Fan-Fiction by Horosha
Copyright: December 19, 2001

Prologue: Achilles Last Stand
"I feel so cold," Ryoko murmured, her weakened sight no longer saw the
product of her attack, the ash shadows of the nine godlings not ten
feet away from her collapsed body. Twenty yards further up from where
these creatures had confronted the uchu kaizoku, was the crystal
encased body of Sasami, who was barely aware of the great cost her
friend had paid to save her. In the distance, the cyan-haired woman's
fogged mind heard the continued battle between Tenchi and Khyron, a
higher dimensional being from Tokimi's realm. This being had kidnapped 
Sasami/Tsunami in an attempt to blackmail Tokimi into giving up her
rulership to him. A ghostly smile found its way to Ryoko's pale lips
for she was confident Tenchi would defeat Khyron, since the god's
followers didn't possess life anymore nor held his hostage for him.

Ryoko tried to lift her head to watch Tenchi's battle but it didn't
even move, leaving her amber eyes the sight of a powerless Gem on her
outstretched right arm. With Katsuhito's support Ayeka asked Tenchi to
return the two remaining Gems to Ryoko so she could save Sasami while
Tenchi fought Khyron. Ryoko's mind filled with gladness at
accomplishing her part of the plan, even if it meant she would die.
Death didn't frighten her, not like it did mortal beings. She had sent
the godlings ahead to forewarn the land of the dead, Yomotsu no Kuni,
her pending arrival, such was the release of all the power of the Three
Gems had achieved.

Washu warned her not to use her Gems at their highest setting, her
mother's fear plain in those big green eyes for she knew her daughter's
body wasn't mature enough to control the unrestrained divine power the
redhead once welded as Tokimi's youngest sister. Although Ryoko had
promised her mother she wouldn't go beyond her own limitations, the
oath's foundation turned to sand when she and the other women found
their way barred by the godlings. Mihoshi took out two of Khyron's
underlings with Ayeka matching the score and Washu outdid both of them
by exterminating four of luminescent beings, but with her feminine
comrades rendered unconscious by overwhelming numbers, Ryoko was left
facing nine of these powerful entities. Ryoko sliced and diced her way
to within a few feet of Sasami's frozen terrified face before being
driven back by the creatures' combined abilities. Ryoko couldn't stop
herself, her love for the littlest princess drove her to reach within
her Gems and release all their energy in one pulse of destruction. The
godlings didn't get a chance to feel pain or horror, they felt only awe
because only the unveiled Khyron equaled the goddess beauty Ryoko
showed at that moment.

A blurred image entered Ryoko's field of vision, a black and pink
blotch with ruby pools, surrounded by a halo of purple. 'Ayeka-san,
take care of my Tenchi,' Ryoko tried to say but only gibberish came out
of her impaired vocal cords. The image dropped toward her until it
filled her sight then the spiky-haired women felt two hands lift up her
head so it could rest on something soft, something containing the Jurai
princess' scent. After her numbed skin felt the hands travel to her
forehead, her catlike ears heard Ayeka's voice like it was coming from
a great distance, "Ryoko-san, I will not allow anything to bring
suffering back into Tenchi-sama's life."

The last thing Ryoko's senses revealed to her were the sounds of a
waterfall.
**********
Chapter One: Homeward Bound
Masaki Residence

The Jurai Battleship, Inu-Yasha, broke through the low overcast that
hugged the hills around the valley containing the Masaki home. Upon the
wooden deck, between the house and the blue lake, Ayeka stood with a
horde of small cargo pods next to her. Twenty steps behind her stood
Mihoshi, Katsuhito, Tenchi, Washu and Sasami with Ryo-ohki on the
little one blue hair, their eyes caught in a malaise of confusion and
pain.

Unable to restraint himself any longer Tenchi asked, "Ayeka-san, can't
you wait until Ryoko has recovered enough to see you off, I know she
would feel hurt if her best friend left without each exchanging words
of farewell."

"Iie, Tenchi-sama," tenseness in Ayeka's words, her back to her
friends, "I must not delay my leaving."

"Then let me go with you, oneesama," Sasami's voice pitched high by a
tear soaked tone.

"Iie, Sasami," a coolness in Ayeka's reply, "okasama, Funaho-okasama
and I have concurred that your studies under Washu's tutelage are too
important to be interrupted by such a trivial thing as demands by
ambitious nobles for visits by the two unmarried princesses. They will
have to be satisfied by the visit of one."

"But Ayeka-neechan . . . " a plea in Sasami's words, her hands reaching
out to her sister.

"Baka Sasami wa (Silly Sasami!)!" Ayeka chastised her sister, "we both
know how much you love your freedom here on Earth and how alien the
Juraijin nobles would be to you, after all you were eight-years-old
when we journeyed from Jurai, seven-hundred years ago. You would suffer
misery if I gave in to your appeal because your wings weren't clipped,
like mine were, by Juraijin etiquette and court properness."

Ayeka's blunt words pomaded Sasami's boundless love for her sister,
causing the child to spin around and she hugged Tenchi with small pink
hands, her head against his waist and with tears flowing unchecked.
Behind Sasami the spin had dropped Ryo-ohki to the ground and the
cabbit gave the older princess a confused stare, unable to understand
Ayeka's reasons for causing her friend's pink eyes to leak water.
Mihoshi was the first to recover from the shock Ayeka's words brought
to them and she asked with bold concern, "Ayeka-san, wasn't that a
little too harsh wa yo!" Mihoshi's worry switched to airy guessing, "I
mean, Sasami-chan was worried about how lonely the trip to Jurai would
be for you."

"Dozo Sasami, I just want to protect you from the naked appetite of
those who see you as a wedding chest to power," a genuine note of shame
in Ayeka's words.

Sasami's sobbing slowed then ceased before she turned to face Ayeka,
who also turned to face her kin and friends. The blue-haired princess
gave the purple-haired princess a slow nod of understanding but the
pain was still visible in her watery eyes. Ayeka gave a weak smile and
said, "Okasama said her and Funaho-okasama will be visiting you while
I'm gone, so my absence will go unnoticed."

"Ayeka-dono, when are you coming back?" Washu asked.

"As soon as I can, Washu-san," Ayeka replied. Anguish bubbled up into
her throat but she hid it by saying with false gaiety, "Tell your
musume I'll expect her to be in fighting shape by the time I get back
ne."

"Ii ne," Washu calmly replied. Ayeka noticed something wasn't right
about the way the redhead looked at her for it was as if the diminutive
scientist knew the true reason for Ayeka's departure. For a second
Ayeka lifted her mental shroud so the child-woman's penetrating vision
could see the true nature of the First Princess of Jurai. Washu gave no
physical response to Ayeka's demonstration of trust but the slim
princess saw a new emotion in those green eyes, respect.

"Sayonara," Ayeka softly said as a bluish-white light surrounded her.

"Sayonara," five voices returned, in seconds Ayeka was gone.

"Miya," a note of sad farewell in Ryo-ohki's voice.

After the ship disappeared into a subspace transgate, Tenchi asked,
"Miho-san, how much time do we have before Funaho-san and Misaki-san
get here?"

"Seto-san told me they would be here in nine days," Mihoshi answered
quickly.

"And when did Seto-dono intercept you on your patrol route?" Washu
carefully asked.

"Two days ago," Mihoshi was puzzled by Washu's suspicious stare.

"Wouldn't that mean we have seven days before their arrival?" suggested
Washu.

"Oya, Maa! You're so right, Washu-san," Mihoshi eyes wide with awe, "I
don't know what we ever would do without your genius."

Tenchi sighed as he looked to the blue heavens but Washu gave the blond
bombshell a very suspicious look for she wondered if there was sarcasm
or just child-like wonder in the policewoman's reply. Giving up on
deciding which it was the spiky-haired lady said, "Dewa, that doesn't
give us much time," then a devilish smile gained a foothold on her
girlish face, "Tenchi-dono, are you ready?"

Tenchi gulped with nervousness before saying, "Are you sure Ryoko is
fit enough?"

"I had to seal Ryoko-chan in my lab after I told her about my plan,"
Washu's grin became Cheshire Cat's size, "just to keep her from jumping
the gun."

Tenchi's agitation increased tenfold by Washu's words and he said, "I
just envisioned the first time as something intimate, just between
Ryoko and me."

"Having second doubts, are we?" Washu's voice went flat.

Remembering what was at risk, Tenchi banished his apprehension and
said, "Iie, I have no doubts."

"Gu! Gu!" Washu's gleefully voiced and in seconds Tenchi found Ryoko's
mother hands against his back as she propelled him toward the house's
front door while adding, "Just to get you in the mood, I've prepared a
little hideaway for you and Ryoko-chan in a private part of my lab,"
when the two passed into Washu's lab, only fragments of Washu's
description reached Mihoshi's, Ryo-ohki's, Sasami's and Katsuhito's
ears, "A big bed . . . sea shore sounds piped in . . . pheromone
scented air . . . the Kama Sutra . . . "

Once Washu's voice couldn't be heard, Sasami asked Katsuhito, "Jiichan,
will Washu-neechan's plan save Ayeka-neechan?"

Placing his right hand upon his sister's head, between her twin
ponytails, Katsuhito looked down into those pleading pink eyes and
gently replied, "Washu-dono can only give Ayeka the means to save
herself, nothing more."
**********
Chapter Two: Drops of Jupiter
Tenjya, Royal Palace, Jurai

In a small alcove near the entrance to her garden, the First Princess
of Jurai was surrounded by the distant sounds of the ball, celebrating
her return to Jurai, but the retching of Ayeka's stomach overcame the
happy voices and the joyful music. The slim lady pulled her red
handkerchief from her pale face but she didn't need to see the fresh
speckles upon it to know she had blood on her lips and chin. A quick
glance out of her concealment brought a sigh from her spirit for she
had made it here without anyone noticing her exit let alone the wave of
dizziness that almost toppled her as she stood next to her father,
greeting the young nobles seeking dates from her.

When Ayeka first reached Jurai, she had gone to her family's doctor but
it was more to confirm what she already knew, she was dying. It wasn't
the psycho-physical loss of Ryu-oh's death that caused this terminal
sickness, it was the minimum amount of her own life-force, the divine
spark in all creatures, that brought this about, the price she willing
paid to save Ryoko for Tenchi. These thoughts again conjured from her
memory why she could make such a sacrifice, how on a storm filled night
she had found Tenchi and Ryoko sitting on a carrot pillow on the third
floor, holding hands and in a flash of sheet lightening her ruby eyes
saw the young man's lips say the words the princess had waited for him
to tell her. The thunder had covered her running retreat and only
Sasami knew about Ayeka's discovery for the littlest princess held her
sister's shaking body as fragments of her broken heart rained from her
eyes. By the next day Khyron and his godlings had attacked the house
and made off with Sasami before Ayeka could resolve her own situation:
return to Jurai as her duty as the First Princess of Jurai demanded or
stay on Earth with the extended family she still cared for. As with
Yosho, circumstance made Ayeka's choice hard but easy to bear, her
father would keep her secret safe from Tenchi and the others so the
declining health and death of her body wouldn't scar their happiness.

A change in the tempo of the orchestra's music prodded Ayeka into
smoothly removing an eight-inch black case from a concealed pocket in
her regal kimono. With a touch, the oblong container popped open to
show a mirror in the top part and several shades of face powder, an
eyelash brush, a small gold rod of lipstick, a silver rod of eyeliner
and a flat brass container of eye shadow. With practiced skill the slim
princess wiped the red specks from her face then retouched her makeup,
making sure her lips were perfect. A small smile graced Ayeka's
features when she remembered the welcome she received when her feet
touched Jurai's soil for the first time in seven-hundred-years. The
shocked looks some of the nobles gave her, especially the ladies, at
her fire engine red lips, pink powdered face, rouged cheeks, enhanced
eyelashes and pine tree green eyelids. She was sure the pillars of
rigid properness shook within many a noble's soul at what barbaric
customs the First Princess of Jurai had brought back with her journey
across the galaxy and her stay on that backwater planet. She had
already caught snippets of palace gossip about nobles complaining to
Azusa about Ayeka's appearance along with her father's reply, "This is
my musume, take it or leave it." Most remained, strong was a noble's
hunger for the kind of political power her marriage to their son would
bring them. What actually surprised Ayeka was the pop craze her face
had caused, even at this ball she saw noblewomen of all ages wearing
makeup just like hers, some even looked good in it. This wasn't
something Ayeka had planned on, it just happened this way for her
colored face was meant to distract people's attention away from how
pale, fragile, her body looked just as the contact lenses were used to
cover how unusually red her eyes looked sometimes.

Making a last check of her appearance, Ayeka stopped herself from
heading back to the ball as her eyes drifted to the glass entrance to
her most treasured spot on Jurai. With little regret she turned her
back on the hot festivities and walked out into her garden. The cool
air of early winter cleared the remaining vestiges of her nausea as her
steps took her further into the pleasant darkness and it wasn't long
before the path took her to the crowning touch of her garden, the
fountain showing Tsunami blessing the union of Horosha and Washi.

Standing before the marble beauty, Ayeka's heart felt the homesickness
she had been experiencing since arriving on Jurai three weeks ago. 'I
hope okasama and Funaho-okasama will soon arrive from their visit with
Sasami and the others,' the purple-haired princess thought, 'their
company would help with my longing and I need to prepare okasama for my
passing.' She could imagine how tearful Misaki would be and the warm
comfort the queen would give her daughter. Seeing the blissful
expressions on Horosha's and Washi's chiseled faces, Ayeka whispered
softly, "At least I saw the love ongakukashu sing about."

It was at that moment, Ayeka heard the pickings of musical notes mixed
with the splashing of water drops from the stone Tsunami's outstretched
fingertips. The princess' ruby eyes scanned her surroundings but she
couldn't find the source. On soft slippers she worked around the
fountain's right side where she found the origins of the music, a
seated man with head bent over as his hands slowly played a sixteen-
string Juraijin lute. For unknown minutes, Ayeka watched the musician
play a few notes, adjust the knobs of his lute's strings, play another
series of cords, break off for some seconds of thinking before
strumming another set. In the end the man's teeth gleam in the
moonlight as he smiled in satisfaction and started to stand. With this
clue Ayeka said, "I hope you play the final version of the song to me,
it sounds beautiful."

The man pivoted in her direction to reveal a wide-eyed surprise on his
face, a look that froze Ayeka's mirth in her throat because it was an
exact copy Tenchi's bogeyed shock, then her mind locked on the
shoulder-length black hair tied into a heavy braid and the warrior
reflexes his turn showed. With barely audible sound, the purple-haired
princess asked, "Oniisama?"

With automatic reaction the man pulled himself to a stiff stance, bowed
deeply to her as he nervously said, "Domo arigato for the compliment,
Ayeka-oujosama!"

Again Ayeka was shaken by the sameness of his voice to Tenchi's but her
sharp eyes were already picking up differences between the man before
her and her kin. He was at least two hands taller than Tenchi or
Katsuhito and the light from Jurai's four moons showed his eyes were
neither Jurain ruby red nor human dirt brown instead they were an
emerald green. Smiling at her own foolish reaction, Ayeka said to the
jittery man, "Do you know you look like my oniisama."

"Funaho-joosama has told me the same thing and Misaki-joosama said I
was as squeezable as Yosho-ojosama," the man commented then rubbed his
left hand over his ribs, "although I wonder if his ribs popped like
mine did."

Ayeka let out a little laugh, which drew out the tension from the man's
frame. At this point the princess realized she didn't know the name of
the man, who was dress in a tan kimono with a dark red obi around his
waist. So the princess asked, "So you are an ongakukashu, eh . . . "

"Ara, gomen nasai for my bad manners," the man grinned to hide his
awkwardness, "I'm Kubiha Tatsu."

Ayeka's eyes widen slightly when she recognized the surname, as the one
used by Grandmother Seto when she is in her space pirate's role, then
she said while taking a few steps closer to get a better look at the
man, "I thought I knew all of Seto-obasama's relatives."

"I . . . I just arrived at court a . . . a few days ago," Tatsu fumbled
over his answer with sweat on his brow, "from my home on Ranma Twelve."

Ayeka's eyes went owl-size at the mention of one of the most famous
pirate planets, located inside the Milky Way's core, amongst the
blackholes, quasars and cosmic storms known as the Megami's Workshop.
Now she knew why he looked like Yosho and Tenchi, he was a member of
her grandmother's pirate family, the secret branch of the Royal Family
of Jurai. With carefully chosen words Ayeka asked, "You are obasama's
musuko?"

With a slow nod Tatsu added, "I'm Misaki-dono's ibokyodai."

"Okasama never mentioned she had an ibokyodai," Ayeka wondered aloud,
now only a few steps away from Tatsu she saw how young he looked.

"Misaki-dono didn't find out about her kaizoku kin until after you and
Sasami-oujosama left to find Yosho-ojosama," Tatsu informed his cousin
with well-measured words, "In fact, I'm here because Azusa-dono asked
Seto-okasama to send her kaizoku heir to him because there was a
dynastic crisis at Jurai."

With fear soaked words Ayeka asked, "Did otousama tell you what the
dynastic crisis was?"

"Iie and I've not asked Azusa-dono either," a weak smile upon Tatsu's
face, "I don't want to draw anyone's attention because my legs are so
thin here," Tatsu's smile became lopsided, "let me go after some
renegade uchu kaizoku or search for a buried treasure, there I'm
ace-of-aces, but here at the heart of Jurai, where words remove heads
or give you power, I'm a fish-out-of-water."

Tatsu's modesty disarmed Ayeka's worries but then a question formed in
her mind, so she put voice to it, "For being okasama's ibokyodai, you
look no older than her. Do you have a Space Tree too?"

"Iie, I'm still youthful because my otousama's side of the family is
very long lived," Ayeka heard pride in Tatsu's answer, "some even say
they are immortal."

Finding Tatsu's words refreshingly honest Ayeka looked at the Juraijin
lute that was strapped across his waist and asked, "I see one of your
hobbies is music."

Ayeka was surprised when Tatsu's face blushed and he shyly answered,
"Actually this is my profession."

"Nani?" Ayeka smiled at how much he reacted just like Tenchi.

"I'm kind of the black sheep of the family," Tatsu's face going even
more scarlet, "I didn't want to go into either one of our kazoku's
businesses, so I became a vagabond, earning a living playing my music
and helping Seto-okasama from time to time."

"How good are you?" Ayeka was enjoying his embarrassment.

"I always thought I was good," Tatsu's words full of uncertainty,
"would you . . . would you like to listen to one of my songs."

"I would like to hear the song you were working on when I found you,"
Ayeka decided to extend her company with this humble man.

"Dewa, ii ne," Tatsu answered as his left hand held the lute's neck
while his right came to rest lightly on the strings over the
instrument's cavity, then he continued, "although I shouldn't do it."

"Naze wa?" Ayeka was surprised that anyone on Jurai would say such a
thing to her because most would jump at the chance to please her.

"Dewa . . . there's this wakai josei . . . I've been trying . . . to
get the courage . . . to make her notice me," again Tatsu's cheeks went
red.

"A wakai josei!" Ayeka grinned at how such a powerful looking man could
go weak at the knees by his attraction to the fairer sex. The princess
then asked, "How long have you known her."

"Not long . . . eh . . . actually I've known her for several months,"
Tatsu backtracked with fright when a questioning look touched Ayeka's
features, "it's just she seems so distant from me, her world is filled
with nobles and ladies-in-waiting while my world is occupied by
murderers and women of loose morals."

Recognizing her uncle's situation as similar to the one she had with
Tenchi, Ayeka said with friendly assurance, "If you don't sing your
song to her, if you don't let her know how much you are attracted to
her, how can you feel sorrow when she ignores you," then Ayeka's voice
gained an edge of sadness, "or when he picks someone else to love."

It was then Ayeka's vertigo seized her body and her legs turn to jelly,
only Tatsu's hands upon her shoulders stopped her fall and he asked
with alarm, "Ayeka-san, doka shimashita ka? (Miss Ayeka, is anything
wrong?)"

With cold sweat upon her forehead, Ayeka gave Tatsu a brittle smile
before saying, "I must have drunk too much Carneia wine," Ayeka's ruby
eyes looked toward the fountain before returning to Tatsu's concerned
face, "let me sit on the fountain's edge and I'll listen to your song."

"Ii zo (Okay then)," Tatsu agreed, then he carefully guided Ayeka to
her seat before taking a few steps away from her and returning his
hands to their previous position. The rich notes were called forth from
willful strings as the tune found a home in the slim lady's perfect
ears. After the introduction was played, Tatsu's alto voice harmonized
with the melody:

Now that she's back on her homeworld,
With drops of Startica in her hair.
She acts like summer and walks like rain,
Reminds me that there's time to change.
Since the return of her stay on another world
She listens like spring and she talks like moonlight.

Tell me, did you sail across the sun,
Did you make it to the Milky Way?
To see the lights all faded
And that heaven is overrated.
Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star
One without a permanent scar
And do you know how much I missed you
While you were looking for yourself out there.

Now that she's back from that soul vacation
Tracing her way through the constellation.
She checks out harmonics while she does niku-ki
Reminds me that there's room to grow.

Now that she's back on her homeworld
I'm afraid that she might think of me as plain old Jane.
Told a story about a man who was too afraid to love
So he never did learn to fly.

Tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet.
Did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day?
And head back to the Milky Way
And tell me, did Tsunami blow your mind
Was it everything you wanted to find?
And do you know how much I missed you
While you were looking for yourself out there.

Can you imagine no love, pride, duty?
Your best friend always sticking up for you
Even when I know, you're wrong.
Can you imagine no first dance, no first love romance, no stellar
conversation?
The best ocha that you ever had and me.

Tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet.
Did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day?
And head back toward the Milky Way.
Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star
One without a permanent scar
And do you know how much I missed you
While you were looking for yourself.

When the music and words faded from the air Ayeka said with a heartfelt
tone, "Subarashii, Tatsu-sama! (Magnificent, Lord Tatsu!)"

"I . . . I'm glad you like it, Ayeka-oujosama," Tatsu's words showing
how much pleasure Ayeka's words gave him.

"It was very good!" Ayeka added with conviction.

"I really can't take full credit for it," the black-haired man
admitted.

"Ara?" Ayeka was taken aback by tall man's confession.

"Honto, I changed a few words here and there but the song was created
by a group on my homeworld," Tatsu explained.

Ayeka was truly enjoying what she considered a minor miracle. Here in
the center of a galactic empire, where every noble strut and crowed his
maleness to all the perfectly groomed ladies, within her own private
island from all that arrogance there stood a man unafraid to show the
inner workings of his heart to a perfect stranger. The purple-haired
princess wanted to show her gratitude for his company but when she
tried to stand, her body moved a few inches up before dropping back
down, her spirit chilled by the knowledge her legs were as unsteady as
a four-month-old babe's.

"Dewa, Ayeka-oujosama, I think we better head back in before our
absence attracts people's eyes," Tatsu suggested as he slung his lute
onto his back, took a few steps toward her and offered his right arm to
the seated lady. Noting the man's words showed no knowledge of her
plight, Ayeka saw his invitation, to walk back with her arm intertwined
with his, as a chance for her to save face in front of this most
unusual person. With a pose meant to disguise her weakness, Ayeka used
to her left hand to take hold of the offered arm so she could pull
herself up on quaking legs.

"You know I've never realized Jurai could look so beautiful," Tatsu
causally commented.

"People have always thought our world would be like any other
interstellar capital, all nature squeezed out by the humanoid masses
but that is not true," Ayeka concentrated to keep her voice pleasant as
she walked fearfully forward with the green-eyed man.

"I can see that," Tatsu's eyes scanning his surroundings with
admiration, "a palace constructed from a living tree, the surrounding
homes and buildings built the same way and beyond the forest city are
fields of wild flowers, orchards of fruit trees and jungles teeming
with untamed beasts."

Listening to Tatsu's words Ayeka started to notice something, instead
of each of her steps taking the remaining strength from her legs, the
shivering limbs slowly became steady and refreshed, furthermore the
dizziness lurking on the edges of Ayeka's consciousness cleared. She
was puzzled by this improvement but she put it down as a temporary
event, tomorrow her physical deterioration would return. Then a new
thought entered her mind, what would her parents think of her being so
close to such a man as Tatsu, a man who didn't seek the status his
noble blood gave him nor the power within the Pirate's Guild as Seto's
son. This silent question also led her to another one, why had her
father requested Seto to send her son, her love child, to him. Tatsu's
illegitimate birth would render him unsupportable for most Jurain
nobles as the Emperor's new heir, so other things would have to happen
before he could become a legitimate contender. Tatsu told her he hadn't
known the reason for his summons and she didn't want to spoil this
moment, with some political question, for his mere physical closeness,
his gentle spirit, seemed to stabilize her body.

When Ayeka and Tatsu reached the steps that would take them back into
the palace's ballroom, three figures in regal splendor came out to meet
them. Seeing Azusa, Misaki and Funaho, Tatsu let go of Ayeka's arm and
placed some distance between them. Ayeka realized her body no longer
needed the tall man's support but she found herself missing his gentle
gallantry, yet this loss was quickly forgotten when Ayeka saw her
mother and cried in a childish tone, "OKASAMA!"

"AYEKA-CHAN!" Misaki shouted in a mother's way as she dashed forward
and used her very strong arms to scooped Ayeka up. With voice full of
unshed tears, the blue-haired queen cried, "My AYEKA-CHAN, my
OUJO-CHAN, I've MISSED you so much!"

If anyone else was in Misaki's embrace, their lungs would be lonely of
air but with Ayeka or Sasami, a mother's tenderness they would receive
and Ayeka did for several minutes. Then Misaki lifted her head from her
daughter's left shoulder, looked carefully into her offspring's face
before announcing, "Ayeka-chan, you look sick!" The queen's pause
allowed Ayeka to sweat bullets at what she was sure was her mother's
next words, "I'm taking you straight to bed!"

With a dramatic spin Misaki carried Ayeka up the steps like a mother
would carry a sleepy child. Ayeka looked over her mother's left
shoulder, silently pleading to Tatsu to get her out of this
embarrassing predicament but the man responded with wide eyes and a
shake of his head. The strong man's response produced a small smile on
Ayeka face and a mental note, 'Tatsu was gallant and daring but not
suicidal.' There was also something else Ayeka's ruby eyes saw before
Misaki took the other three out of her sight, she viewed Funaho getting
on her toes to kiss Tatsu's right cheek and for a moment her father's
eyes lost their diamond-cutting stare.

As the two ladies reached Ayeka's apartment the purple-haired princess
heard muffled gaffs coming from the two guards and she gave both of
them a withering stare. Both guards gained a porker face but big grins
appeared once Misaki closed the door behind her. Once inside Ayeka
noticed her personal maids weren't around and so asked, "Okasama, where
are Sakura-san and Lum-san?"

"Oi, they been assigned to help the Yosu ambassador," Misaki said
absentmindedly as she went into Ayeka's bedroom and placed her daughter
on a stool in front of a light blue, gold emboldened vanity.

"May I ask why?" her dressing table's mirror reflected Ayeka shock
while her mother removed the bindings from her daughter's ponytails,
allowing the silky purple hair to fall freely.

"Because they won't be necessary, Ayeka-chan," Misaki replied as she
removed the bindings from her own sky blue hair.

"They won't be . . . " Ayeka stopped herself when the mirror in front
of her showed the servant's unrolled futon near the foot of her bed, on
top of the futon's deep green comforter was one of her mother's
beautiful nova-colored nightgowns.

Seeing her daughter's line-of-sight, Misaki simple said as she picked
up a seashell hairbrush, "I'm going to stay with you at night until you
get all better."

Anguish stabbed into Ayeka's soul as she spun around, stood up and said
with emotion choked words, "Okasama . . . I'm . . . not going . . . to
get better . . . I'm . . . I'm dying."

As Ayeka broke into sobs her mother's gentle arms again held her
daughter in a solid embrace and she spoke strong love in her child's
right ear, "Your otousama told me but I won't accept it." Then with her
own salty waters mixed with her daughter's, the blue-haired queen
added, "If the colors are drained from your eyes I will be here to read
for you, if your body loose its strength I will be here to wash it for
you and if your hands cannot put food to your lips I will be here to
feed you, until Tsunami-megami comes for you."

After a good cry Ayeka looked up into her mother's own wet cheeked
face, who said cheerfully, "Ima, why don't I finish brushing your hair
and put it up while you clean your face, then you can do my hair before
we go to bed, ne?"

"Ee," Ayeka answered with renewed spirit.
**********

Chapter Three: Gotta Serve Somebody
Ayeka's apartment

Ayeka woke up in better spirits than the previous three nights. She was
even able to eat some steamed rice, pickled plums and miso soup with
her mother at the marble table in the ruby-eyed princess' antechamber.
As they finished the meal, a guard opened the door and Funaho entered
with a package under her right arm. Ayeka saw a phantom of concern pass
over her stepmother's face before being replaced with a friendly smile.

"Oneesan, how was your morning so far?" Ayeka smiled when she heard the
passionate love for Funaho in her mother's tone.

"Busy as usual, Oneesan," unlike the Misaki's declaration Funaho's
words showed a more quiet love for Ayeka's mother. Then the black-
haired queen looked at Ayeka and asked politely, "Ayeka-dono, I was
wondering if you can help me with something?"

"I'm always at your disposal, Funaho-okasama," Ayeka answered with
conviction.

"Ayeka-chan, do you think that wise," Misaki's words full of a mother's
worry.

"Hai, okasama, I want to help for as long as I'm able to," Ayeka
assured while she took hold of Misaki's hands.

"Oujo-chan, you are so brave!" Misaki's quick arms embraced her
daughter in a tender hug. Usually the blue-haired queen's extreme
response would embarrass the slim princess but now the feeling of
strong arms around her shoulders, the scent of her mother's perfume,
lifted her spirits.

Warmed by Ayeka's positive response, Funaho walked over and sat in an
unoccupied chair next to Misaki. While Misaki continued her embrace,
the older queen in her canary-yellow Jurain kimono said, "An emergency
has come up demanding both mine and Misaki-san's . . . eh . . . Misaki-
chan's attention," Funaho quickly changed when her beloved gave her a
glare, "So I was hoping you would handle the Fukuju for us."

Ayeka eyes went wide at the honor and responsibility her stepmother was
offering her while Misaki beamed with pride. The Fukuju was the Jurain
ceremony of submission and obeisance. Three weeks before Startica, the
ritual would be held in the palace's shrine. Before Goddess Tsunami's
altar the Emperor and one of the Empresses or a male and female
representative of the Royal Family would accept the submission and
obeisance of the head of each noble family within Jurai's territory. By
remembering the significance of what Funaho was asking her to do,
Ayeka's vision locked on the package her stepmother had brought in and
said, "Is that what I think it is?"

"Hai, it is the joosama's garments and her symbol of authority for the
ritual," Funaho asked simply.

"How long before the ceremony?" Ayeka's tone full of barely contained 
excitement.

Taking Ayeka's enthusiasm as a sign of acceptance, Funaho replied, "We
still have a couple of hours."

"Ayeka-chan, let us go back into your bedroom and get you ready,"
Misaki cheerfully suggested as she finally let go of her daughter.

"Hai!" Ayeka couldn't stop her bubbling joy from coming out of her
voice. With her mothers on each side of her, the three noblewomen
passed into the princess' bedroom where the purple-haired princess sat
before her vanity.

"So how should I do my face?" Ayeka's spirit dipped a little from worry
that she might desecrate the ceremony with her necessary disguise.

"Don't worry, Ayeka-dono," Funaho's brown eyes full of support, "I
think your makeup will add a certain amount of gravity that has been
missing from the ceremony in the last thousand years."

"Besides Ayeka-chan, you're a fashion statement to many of the
freethinking women of Jurai," Misaki proclaimed before changing into a
more practical tone, "her lips need to remain red."

"Honto, but I was thinking a sunflower yellow band across the eyes,
upper nose and cheekbone," Funaho critically suggested.

Warming to the idea Ayeka said, "Ee! With my eyes lined in black
instead of blue."

"With her face, neck and upper chest powdered in white instead of pink
so it will offset the garment's black," Misaki added.

"Un!" Ayeka brightly said while picking up her lipstick.

After Ayeka's face was readied Funaho carefully unwrapped the package,
this action brought a little squeal of excitement from Ayeka's red lips
as her ruby sight saw the shinny garments and her right hand
instinctively touched the queen's symbol of authority.

"Oi, my oujo-chan is becoming so grown up!" Misaki said with tears of
joy as she did a double hug of Ayeka and Funaho, being careful not to
rub off any of Ayeka's makeup.
**********
The hall to the Transporter Pad

Jiyu stifled a yawn as his fellow guard, Wakako, gave him a smirk.
Guard duty at the transporter room covering the Space Trees complex was
usually a boring assignment. Sometimes one of the members of the Royal
Family would use the transporter pad but most of the time it was
assembly of technicians, engineers and scientists that took care of the
unbonded sentient trees and built the ships for the bonded ones, only
when a major ceremony was going to take place did things liven up here.
Today was Fukuju and it was the reason why both guards were in their
light blue and white dressed uniforms. It was also why the tiny
communication device in Wakoko's right ear told her of the arrival of
the nobles at the other transporter pad and their delivery to the
chamber. The six-foot-three-inch tall woman guard had already reported
that the male representative of the Royal Family was waiting, within
the transporter room, for the female representative to join him. It was
then she saw Jiyu suddenly snap to attention, Wakoko joined him when
her one empty ear caught the echoing sound of boots. It was only a few
minutes before a threesome appeared in the two guards' vision, a woman
with two female guards flanking her.

With every booted step, the feel of the tight garments over her body
and the weight of the symbol of the queen's authority on her right hip,
Ayeka felt the fear of her weakness melt away from her consciousness.
She knew the symbolic importance of Fukuju since she was a child, she
knew the proper words and the conduct the female representative must do
during the ceremony but now her spirit was lifted by emotions words
could barely describe, unrestrained freedom and sexual empowerment.
Ayeka now fully understood what Queen Akane did when she established
this ritual, it was to declare the Jurain Queen's dominance over her
space pirate husband and his riff-raft underlings by the only means
they would understand, violent naked power. This new enlightenment also
gave Ayeka a new angle on why all major decisions by the Emperor were
made with the queen's approval and why she always held the post of the
Commander of the Royal Bodyguard, the Kishi Jurai. The queen's husband
ruled by her authority and she protected this covenant with her life,
an authority and duty now shared by her mother and her stepmother.

As Ayeka neared the transporter room's twin doors, she couldn't stop a
little smile from playing across her lips when she saw the physical
response her presence stimulated in the two posted guards. The princess
remembered the first time she saw an Earth woman wearing a suit similar
to the one she was wearing, she and the rest of the family was watching
a British entertainment program called the Avengers. About halfway
through the episode the female lead appeared in all her glory and only
her quick hands prevented Sasami's pink eyes from seeing such a
demonstration of feminine mastery. In Kurashiki, the slim princess
would be shocked by the sight of girls barely into womanhood walking by
in leathery miniskirts, knee-high boots and tiny shinny bras. The straw
that broken the camel's back occurred when Ryoko appeared one day in a
female punk rocker suit with silvery chains that hang from her wrists
to the chain belt around her waist. In indignation the slim lady
marched up to uchu kaizoku and told the cyan-haired woman in barely
controlled words, that while she could understand the allure of showing
one's dominance, the appeal of the sexual openness of the young Earth
women, for Ayeka's peace-of-mind and the need for ladylike behavior to
be demonstrated by someone Sasami looks up to, could Ryoko not wear the
leather clothing in front of the littlest princess and certainly not
with chains. With a strained voice she ended by using one of
Grandmother Seto's favorite Jurain idioms, "a lady uses chains she does
not wear them." Surprised by how important this was to Ayeka, Ryoko had
mutely agreed but later the princess found out that the ample lady
asked Katsuhito about Jurain use of leather and chains. After Sasami
was in bed, Ryoko transformed into her punk rocker suit without the
chains. While the shinny clothes didn't increase Tenchi's uneasiness
beyond the level it usually reached when Ryoko teased him, it did
produce a mixed response from Ayeka, she felt both inferior and proud.
Inferior that she wasn't brassy enough to show her womanhood like Ryoko
but proud that a member of her sex did.

When Ayeka came to a stop, the swirl of her full-body red cloak allowed
tantalizing peeks at her wardrobe, even with the gold buttons keeping
the cloak closed. Dry was Jiyu's mouth at the sight of the princess'
feral makeup but he went absolutely stiff all over at the sight of the
boots' spiked heels. In contrast to her partner's response, Wakoko's
red eyes burned with superiority over all males when she caught a sight
of the coil of seasoned leather attached to the purple-haired princess'
two-inch wide belt. With one shaking hand and one steely hand, the two
guards opened the doors for her highness and her honor guard.

Walking into the room, Ayeka was prepared to meet Azusa and give him
the proper greeting as required between a noble father and his noble
daughter. What her sight granted her, causing her stride to falter, was
the figure of Kubiha Tatsu. But there was more because upon his left
shoulder was a mon but not the one used by the Kubiha, it was one used
by the Kamiki.

With some chagrin upon his lips, Tatsu stepped up to Ayeka, gave a
proper bow and said, "Konnichiwa, Ayeka-oujosama."

"Konnichiwa, Tatsu-sama," Ayeka returned with a bow before a
questioning look appeared on her face.

Tatsu held up his red gloved hands with palms up while saying, "I had
absolutely no knowledge last night I was going be doing the Fukuju with
you or I would be wearing the mon of one of the official branches of
the Oken Kazoku Jurai."

Not certain she could blindly accept his explanation Ayeka turned a
critical eye upon the person, who was now her partner in this ceremony.
>From head to foot it looked like someone had grabbed a rainbow out of
the sky and stitched it upon him, a light blue shirt, pale red pants
with gold trim, a bright yellow vest with pea green armlets, creamy
brown boots, an obi of blazing orange and finally a multicolored scarf
tied around his head. Noting the princess scrutiny Tatsu slowly did a
three-sixty turn while good-naturedly asking, "How do I look?"

Remembering Tatsu's background Ayeka replied, "You look like an uchu
kaizoku kunshu (a space pirate lord) of twenty-thousand-years ago."

"Domo arigato, Ayeka-oujosama," Tatsu gave a toothy smile as he replied
to Ayeka's compliment.

"And how do I look?" Ayeka used the words to hide the way the man's
smile made her heart beat a little faster, like Tenchi's always did.

"Like a tora-onna (tigress) ready to protect her children," Ayeka
makeup was the only thing preventing the colorful man from seeing the
princess' bluish but his last words left her speechless, "and you would
only need to command me and I would fight beside you."

A moment of silence passed before Ayeka could ask, "What about the
wakai josei you were trying to gain favor with?"

"The wakai josei liked the song when I sang it to her but her attention
left me as soon as something new came along," a note of sad finality in
the tall man's words.

Stepping close to the man, Ayeka's black-gloved right hand come out
from under the cloak and touched the raven-haired man's left arm before
saying, "Such a flower as you will be picked by a kirei onna na
(beautiful girl)," then astonishment hit Ayeka at how forward she was
once again to a person she had just met last night. Ayeka quickly
recognized the cause of her attraction to Tatsu and admonished herself
mentally, 'it not fair to him for me to impose my longings for Tenchi-
sama upon him,' then the shameful lady said as she dropped her hand
back underneath the cloak, "Forgive my audacity, my eyes grow dizzy by
how much you remind me of someone I care very much for."

With gentleness Tatsu said, "You worry needlessly, Ayeka-oujosama,
being a love child and a wanderer has taught me tolerance of others'
anguish."

Finding her apology accepted Ayeka allowed herself a smile as she
countered, "But this is not true anymore ne?"

Tatsu rolled his emerald eyes upward while shaking his head, then he
focused on Ayeka before saying, "You remember I told you about a
dynastic crisis," Ayeka nodded, "Dewa, Seto-okasama and Utsumi-sama
used your celebration ball to announce that since Misaki-neechan was
now of the Masaki-zoku, they were going to adopt me as their heir,
acknowledging me as Seto-okasama's musuko and Utsumi-sama's heir."

Ayeka couldn't stop herself from giggling at discovering someone else
had become a victim of one of Seto's careful set traps. Hearing the
princess' levity only spurred Tatsu to finish his story, "Then this
morning, Azusa-dono dropped in at my new apartment in the palace to
'ask' me if I would do the Fukuju for him because a galactic emergency
precluded him from taking part in the ceremony," the tall man made sure
Ayeka realized that her father had used a tone that meant his asking
was a command.

Trying to keep a straight face Ayeka said, "You could always sneak
away."

"And have Seto-okasama drag me back, kya iie zo (oh no!)!" but Tatsu's
fearful tone was quickly replaced with a one of stoicism, "Besides I'm
a Kamiki now and such a cowardly act would bring shame upon my new
kazoku."

Taking a couple of backward steps, Ayeka gave Tatsu a deep bow before
saying with proper syntax but keeping a smile upon her lips, "Then as
your meigosan (niece), Masaki Ayeka Jurai, let me welcome you into the
Oken Kazoku Jurai, Kamiki Tatsu Jurai."

"Again Domo arigato, Ayeka-oujosama," Tatsu returned the bow but made
sure his wasn't as deep as hers.

"Iie, do not address me with that honorific," Ayeka corrected in a tone
she would reserve for a child, "now that we are of equal rank, you may
address me as simply Ayeka just as I will call Tatsu."

"Just as long as you don't address me as ojisama (uncle)," Tatsu
cheerfully added, "I don't want to feel that old na!"

Just then one of the guards cleared her throat. When the two nobles
looked at her, she said, "It's almost time."

New concern entered Ayeka's ruby eyes and she asked, "Tatsu-sama, do
you know what to do?"

"Your otousama told me to follow your lead and to do whatever you tell
to do," Tatsu calmly answered.

Again marveling at how a man of his heritage would trust her
unquestionably, Ayeka closed her eyes so she could cleanse her mind of
these thoughts, allowing her training to take over. When her ruby orbs
opened again Tatsu saw a regal coolness in them as her vision moved
from him to one of the guards. With steely words the princess said,
"Michiyo-sama, bring me the bag."

"Hai!" Michiyo's sharp reply alerted Tatsu that the ceremony had begun.
With dramatic steps the female guard approached them while removing a
medium-sized black bag from underneath her white obi. Carefully the
woman opened the bag and held it open with both hands at waist level.
With her right hand, Ayeka reached into the bag but the sound of
jiggling metal reached Tatsu's ears before his sight showed him the
overflowing silvery chain in hand of the woman cloaked in blood.
Without missing a beat Ayeka faced Tatsu and said with harsh words "Ima
kaizoku kuzu (Now pirate scum!)! Raise your hands and receive my
bindings!"

Hesitating due to his surprise at Ayeka's words, Tatsu held his arms
out to her at chest level with palms down. With supreme poise Ayeka
used her left hand to unbutton the cloak's lower buttons so she could
more easily use both hands with the metallic links. As the princess
lifted the links above the man's outstretched hands and paused over his
wrists, she glanced at his face and found his green eyes wide with awe
but the chains did not cause his orbs to move from down to up, it was
her black-encased body. At first Ayeka was rocked by how much his look
was like the one Tenchi gave her when Ryoko had unveiled the princess'
body at the onsen so many months ago. Yet underneath this remembrance
she couldn't stop herself from relishing in the way Tatsu's intense
gaze saw how her black boots smoothly covered her legs all the way up
to the middle of her thighs, how a space between her boots and her
leather panties revealed her creamy white flesh, how her gloves ended
just above the elbows and the center piece revealed every bit of her
athletic body before ending just under her all-purpose leather bra, not
one that cheapened her womanhood but enhanced it. But even further down
in Ayeka's soul, another feeling came floating up to the surface of her
mind so she put soft whispered words to it while she gently wrapped the
light chain around Tatsu's wrists then around the segment between them
so the princess could hold both ends in her right hand, "Tatsu-sama,
understand what I'm about to do is part of the core of our traditions,
a part of the foundations of the Oken Kazoku Jurai. Some of the things
I will do will be caused by the newness of you to our most secret
practices and I wouldn't have to do them if otousama was here instead
of you, in a way this is your initiation."

The worry in Ayeka's barely audible words brought comprehension to
Tatsu's face and he gave her a slight nod of acceptance. Quickly the
princess hardened her heart and brought a scalpel into her voice once
again, "Kimi! Mekake (You! Concubine)! We go to meet what is left of
your uchu kaizoku crew!"

With a commanding bearing Ayeka made her way to the transporter pad
with Tatsu trailing her but she felt no tautness to the link of chain
between her and Seto's son. This knowledge called up a new feeling from
the very roots of her soul for this raven-haired man, fondness. Not
because he looked like Yosho, not because he sounded or sometimes acted
like Tenchi, it was because of his mix of admiration for her womanhood
and his blind trust in her judgement.

When Ayeka, Tatsu and the four guards boarded the transporter pad, the
pad's surface lit up and the six disappeared only to appear in a room
of a much different appearance. Unlike the reassuring feeling of the
living wood of the Jurain palace, Tenjyu, the inner chamber was made of
crudely cut granite with a white marble altar in front of the
transporter pad and an even large room before it. Ayeka knew this
temple to Tsunami was located underneath Tenjyu's roots as she also
knew it was the place where fearful people had sacrificed their first
born to the creator of the Space Trees before Tsunami's avatar came to
teach them the true nature of the goddess. Thanks to the memorial to
Horosha and Washi, the purple-haired princess knew this was also where
Queen Akane hatched her plot to bring the space pirates, who attacked
and captured Jurai, under Tsunami's command.

The honor guard moved forward first to take up preselected positions
around the carved stone before Ayeka and Tatsu came forward. As the two
came around the white object, both saw a room filled with a sea of
multicolored clothed men and women, each was a descendant of the
original space pirates that had married Jurain women to form the first
noble families of Jurai. Like Ayeka, they were trained from birth to
become the heads of their family clan either by consent, misfortune or
death, a part of those lessons was the Fukuju. Depending on gender the
lesson was taught differently but the results were the same, submission
and obeisance.

Three feet in front of the altar Ayeka stopped and with her hands
behind her back, she switched the chain to her left hand and with a
dramatic tug brought the green-eyed man to stand on that side of her.
The purple-haired princess' heart was racing but she kept the mask of
icy arrogance upon her face as she jerked the chain down and crudely
said, "Mekake! On your knees!"

Tatsu dropped to his knees like a well-trained dog performs a trick and
kept his face staring straight ahead. With words repeated by every
queen since Akane first said them, Ayeka voice ringed with pride, "You
thought when you killed our men, when you treated us as slaves and
Tsunami-megami's offspring as tools that nothing would hinder your
status as masters of Jurai but THAT WASN'T TRUE!" Ayeka turned to her
left so her right hand could grab a clump of Tatsu's black hair. She
yanked his head back and her vision saw a questioning look in the man's
face. She looked back at the people and venomous words came from the
princess' raging lips, "Now those who MURDERED my oneesans are DEAD and
those who made US into MEKAKES are now OUR MEKAKES!" Ayeka's head came
down and her lips mashed hard against Tatsu's lips, giving him a brutal
kiss that had no love in it. When Ayeka's lips parted from Tatsu's,
with her sight she saw her lipstick smeared upon his ravished lips, the
princess soundlessly mouthed a single word he could only see, "Gomen."
Ayeka saw understanding in Tatsu's eyes but then he did something that
surprised her, he slowly licked his lips.

With speed Ayeka buried her startlement back under the ceremonial mask,
releasing Tatsu's hair so she could turn to face the crowd and she said
with triumphant tone, "Those ships you put Tsunami-megami's offspring
on are now under the command of their bondmates, the crew you put on
them to hold the bondmates hostage have returned to the slime they came
from. With Tsunami-megami's aid," Ayeka voice reached a thunderous
level, "THE PEOPLE OF JURAI ARE FREE!"

There was no cheering from the crowd, no sound of applause from them
for they represented not the winners but the losers in this coup
d'tat. Then Ayeka's right hand pulled her cloak to her left shoulder
so only her head was visible above a field of blood before she said
with icy certainty, "You few have survived this retribution because you
didn't abuse my people or rape your wives but you still must choose.
Come up here to submit and obey my will, the will of Tsunami, or feed
the altar behind me with your beating hearts."

There was a ripple of hesitancy in the crowd before the oldest of the
new clan leaders, Ito Junco, stepped forward as required by the rite.
Up the steps to the altar platform did the man go while Ayeka threw
back her cloak with her right hand so the fullness of her leathery
maidenhood was revealed. A slight widening of Ito's eyes was his only
reaction to Ayeka's wear and the coiled whip on her right hip, such was
his self-control. Without a pause the nobleman knelt on his hands and
knees in front of the Ayeka while she moved her right foot forward.
With perfect timing the sea green-haired man kissed the toe of the
princess' boot, then he stood up and presented her with the
representation of his office, his craved lightsabre hilt. Ayeka gave a
shake of her head before coldly saying, "Place it before my mekake, he
is still your buchou."

Without a visible response Ito purposely stepped over to Tatsu, went to
one knee, carefully placed the hilt on the floor in front of the
chained man, stood up and walked down the steps. The next person to
come was the oldest noblewoman amongst them, Hagio Moto, as required by
the ritual. Although dressed like the noblemen, the noblewomen followed
a different course for instead of prostrating themselves before Ayeka,
Hagio's face bloomed a smile just before she shared a hug with the
princess and both gave the other a kiss upon the right cheek. Unlike
the men who gave submission and obeisance at Fukuju, the noblewomen of
Jurai gave one more thing to the queen of Jurai or her female
representative, their gratitude. Before stepping back down Hagio placed
her wooden hilt next to Ito's.

So the procession of the Jurain nobles proceeded, with each performing
the functions required of them by custom and tradition of their
culture, until the point came when Yoshida Akimi came. Ayeka was barely
able to keep the joy then the sorrow from her face when her ruby orbs
caught sight of her childhood friend. Ayeka had avoided Akimi and any
of her friends of seven-hundred-years-ago because she feared they knew
her too well. Ayeka was afraid they could penetrate her mask of false
health and cheer, and the princess didn't want that, she only wanted to
die in peace and in privacy without pity, without feeling the
languishing pain of others around her. She knew her mother and her
father and Funaho wouldn't pity her or cry needlessly over her death
but she was very certain others could not, like Akimi, the only boy her
father allowed to be her close friend.

Now here was Akimi standing before her, no longer a boy with big black
eyes and long coppery hair, he was now a man of many centuries with a
head of razor short hair but it was his eyes that confused Ayeka for
she found no kindness in them, they were rock hard. He bent his legs,
bowed his back to kiss her boot but his frame snapped up with
unreleased kinetic force and then he did an unspeakable act, he threw
his sword hilt at Tatsu, causing the man's head to lurch left when the
object bounced off his face to land with clatter on the cold granite
floor. Ayeka stood in shock as Akimi just looked at her with fury then
beamed a contemptuous look at Tatsu before he spun one-eighty and
started down the steps.

Ayeka's face changed from astonishment to recognition to eye-twitching
anger before her hair-trigger rage went off. Those closest to the
platform saw the black tip of the whip touch the floor noiselessly
before in a fluid motion, the princess cranked her right arm back, then
her left leg stride forward as she cracked the forked tongue whip
toward the departing man. Every person close enough could see Akimi's
face go bloodless as the black leather wrapped around his neck and a
strong pull sent him crashing backwards on the gray steps. With a
little looseness Ayeka released the noble's neck but in the same motion
she sent the black leather snaking out again, leaving Akimi's right
earlobe a gory mess to match the red burn on his neck. Again and again
the serpent torn through Akimi's clothing, skin and flesh as he twist
and duck in agony with no one daring to move to help him.

In the midst of Ayeka's rage, her sickness came. First it was the
slight cough producing a coppery taste in her mouth just before she
felt the edges of her consciousness go fuzzy, breaking her rage. Even
with the borders of her sight dissolving into darkness, Ayeka couldn't
stop the whip from bringing suffering, she knew in her dimming mind
that Akimi must be forced to correct his behavior, only Akimi could
stop the whip. With another cough Ayeka felt flecks of moisture upon
her lower lip and the feeling in her legs disappear. As the last part
of Ayeka's sight blurred and her right arm became unmovable, her left
hand felt something take hold and firmly squeezed it. Suddenly the
darkness, that threatened to overwhelm Ayeka's being, loosened its hold
and in less than a minute all but the fuzzy feeling disappeared, it was
like fresh air reaching a drowning man. Looking down Ayeka's sight
brought a sigh of relief from her for Akimi was in humble prostration
before Tatsu but it was another part of that view that brought surprise
to her mind, Tatsu's right hand held her left hand.
**********
Palace Hospital

Ayeka stood alone before the tank of thick water-like substance that
kept Akimi's body weightless while its healing properties closed
wounds, repair damaged organs and suppressed pain. The princess still
wore the leathery garment but she kept it well hidden under the
buttoned red cloak. With some anguish the princess picked up a mike,
pressed a button and said with unsteady voice, "Akimi-sama, can . . .
can you hear me?"

A headset upon Akimi's head brought oxygen and communication to the man
so a ragged voice came into the headphones covering Ayeka's ears,
"H . . . Hai."

"Akimi-sama, why did you do it?" a need for understanding in Ayeka's
voice, "In Tsunami-megami's jinja, in a ceremony to the will of Oken
Kazoku Jurai, you knew I would have to punish you for such an forbidden
act."

Instead of answering Ayeka's question, Akimi's tortured voice asked,
"Why did you turn away from us?"

"Nani?" startlement in Ayeka's counter.

"Did we do something to anger you?" heartbroken tone in Akimi's words.

"Iie . . . iie you nor the others have done nothing to displease me,"
Ayeka answered truthfully before sadly adding, "until now."

"Then why did you avoid us?" Akimi voice gained a desperate tone.

"Because . . . because I have changed and I didn't want you or the
others to see I wasn't the person you once knew," Ayeka hoped this
answer would satisfy Akimi.

"What shame did that imo (hick) inflect upon you?" anger made its
entrance in Akimi's words.

"Nani?" Ayeka's reply full of confusion.

"What did that ketsu-nuke jan do to you that makes you hide from us,
your friends?" demanded Akimi.

"What happened to me wasn't caused by Tenchi-sama," Ayeka own anger
touched her words but she firmly suppressed it before she continued,
"It is just that I'm no longer the person you or the others remembered.
The seven-hundred-years of searching for my oniisama have made me a
stranger in a world I can function in but I'm not a part of."

"Is that why he was there when you did the Fukuju?" Akimi's tone showed
he was trying to understand what Ayeka told him, "To give you someone
you can be a part of?"

Finally realizing the mistake Akimi was making, Ayeka put a frustrated
but sympathetic tone to her answer, "Kya Akimi-sama, the person you saw
next to me wasn't Tenchi-sama."

"It wasn't?" confusion in Akimi's words, "But his face, the way he
looked at you, like you were his and only his."

"You made a simple mistake much like the one I made when I first saw
him," Ayeka gently rebuked her friend, "the man you saw was Seto-
obasama's musuko, Kubiha Tatsu, who was adopted by Utsumi-ojiisama as
his own musuko and heir," Ayeka clarified.

"Kubiha Tatsu? . . . But . . . but  . . . " the rest of Akimi's reply
was drowned out when a female voice thundered into the regeneration
room from the entrance, "AYEKA-CHAN! Are you ii ne?"

Ayeka barely had time to remove the headphones from her head and turn
around before Misaki's strong arms tenderly enclosed over her
daughter's body. Funaho took the electrical device from Ayeka's pinned
right hand as the princess' said with an embarrassed sigh, "Okasama, I
feel fine."

Misaki's ruby eyes looked deeply into Ayeka's with a mother's concern
before Funaho suggested, "Ayeka-chan, since we're here why don't we
have Kessho-isha (Doctor Kessho) check you just in case."

Knowing this was the only way to calm her mother's fears, Ayeka gave
in, "ii wa."

Dr. Kessho has been the Royal Physician for the ruling family for as
long as Ayeka could remember, his shoulder-length white hair and a face
of endless wrinkles were always there when she was sick or when she got
hurt doing kiddy things. When the three women entered his examination
room, the ancient man asked, "Misaki-sama, Funaho-sama, could you wait
outside na?"

"Oh course, Kessho-sensei," a touch of humor in Funaho's words at the
gruffness of the doctor's words but then Misaki nervously asked as she
stood protectively in front of Ayeka, "Can't I stay?"

"I prefer the privacy of the doctor-patient relationship but if I must
make allowances for mother hens then I must," Ayeka was surprised by
Kessho's answer but then she saw him move over to the instrument table
before he asked, "Misaki-chan, I believe you haven't had your Iteza Flu
shot yet na?"

A secret smile flashed across Ayeka's face when she heard Dr. Kessho
addressed her mother as a child and she had to bite her lip when
nervous sweat drops appeared on Misaki's forehead as the doctor picked
up with his right hand an oversized syringe with a very long hypodermic
needle. With the medical instrument the long-haired man walked to the
refrigeration unit and retrieved a small bottle from it. As the doctor
inserted the needle into the rubber top and pulled the syringe's
plunger back, he asked, "Now roll up your sleeve, Misaki-chan."

"I . . . I think I'll wait outside," Misaki's words full of fright,
"Ayeka-chan is a big girl!" Without waiting to be excused, the blue-
haired queen turned and fled out the door.

Kessho let out an explosive laugh, Ayeka's face broke out in a full
grin and Funaho commented with amusement, "Every since oneesan was
ten-years-old, she's been afraid of needles because she hugged a
porcupine when we visited my homeworld to show my first born to my
ryoshin."

"I really hated to do that to Misaki-sama," Kessho's tone suggested
otherwise, "but I need privacy with my patient."

"If that's the case," Funaho easily catching the hint, "do you have a
spare examination room where oneesan and I could wait in?"

"Hai, room 10000," Kessho gave Funaho a knowing look.

"Gu, the way oneesan's nerves are in, it would help soothe her if I
give her manzuri (ten-thousand-rubs)," Funaho explained calmly before
exiting the room to join Misaki, Ayeka knew what Funaho meant and she
noted Kessho didn't bat an eye when the black-haired queen acknowledged
the doctor's suggestion.

"Dewa Ayeka-dono, why don't you take the cloak off and lay down on the
examination table," Kessho ordered. When Ayeka removed her cloak, the
lifting of his right eyebrow was his only reaction at what Ayeka was
wearing and the whip still attached to her belt but he did comment
while she gracefully lay on the table, "You know some of my patients
would have heart attacks, if they saw the Saishono Oujosama Jurai in
such erotic garments and only a yancha otto (a naughty husband) should
view such an instrument of authority."

"I was performing the Fukuju when . . . a friend was injured there,"
explained Ayeka with a look of shame on her face.

"Was it proper and correct na?" Kessho asked as he pushed buttons on
the table's command keyboard.

"Hai but I still feel guilty," Ayeka sadly replied.

"Gu," Kessho returned, then added when Ayeka looked up askance, "Even
when someone does something according to Juraijin traditions, an
honorable person will feel regret if the act causes suffering."

Ayeka smiled at Kessho's uplifting words and softly said, "Domo
arigato."

"No reason for such misplaced kindness, ojosan," Kessho downplayed
Ayeka's appreciation as he examined the table's monitor, "I'm just some
old sawbones."

"I still hold dear your thoughtfulness," Ayeka countered.

"Did you have an attack during the Fukuju?" Kessho changed the subject.

"Ee," Ayeka concentrated on the preceding events, "my vision narrowed
and blurred, my limbs nerveless and my mind dazed, I feared I was going
to faint."

"Did you?" Kessho asked as he adjusted a knob on the command keyboard.

"Iie, it slowly cleared," Ayeka replied then added with a confused
tone, "Strangely I felt refreshed afterwards. The only reason I came
here was to find out why Akimi-sama did what he did. It was okasama and
Funaho-okasama that insisted I see you."

"Interesting," Kessho remarked as he studied the information on the
table's monitor, "although there is new scar tissue on the polyps in
your lungs, the decline of your bodily functions has stabilized."

"You mean my ki is regenerating?" surprise in Ayeka's voice.

"Iie, at the level your ki is at, its metaphysical energies can neither
regenerate nor maintain your physical existence."

A look of confusion filled Ayeka's ruby eyes, "But you just said my
body has stopped declining."

"Tadshii," Kessho nodded his white-haired head, "yet there's no
evidence why the deterioration has ceased and there's no reason to
believe it won't start again."

"So I have been given some borrowed time," Ayeka suggested with wonder.

"If I believed in miracles I would say a kami has taken an interest in
you," Kessho said but not with much belief.

"You believe in Tsunami-megami?" Ayeka countered playfully.

"Tsunami-sama is a manifestation of something greater than man's mystic
search for divine ryoshin, who punish the bad and confront the good,"
Kessho answered roughly before calming down and adding, "She came to us
in our clay huts, merged with a simple tree and gave the people of
Jurai a chance for greatness."

"So for you, Tsunami-megami is a physical being and not a megami?"
carefully questioned Ayeka.

"It's all my scientific mind will accept," Kessho replied honestly.

"Dewa, do you think I should stay the night?" Ayeka's question returned
to why she was here.

"Iie, you can resume your normal routine as Saishono Oujosama Jurai."
Then a note of friendship entered Kessho voice, "Just don't exert your
body too much, ojosan."

Ayeka got off the table, both bowed to the other and then she turned to
head out while putting her cloak back on. Just as the princess reached
the door, the doctor said with a drop of mirth, "Remember to knock on
the door of the room where Misaki-sama and Funaho-sama are waiting."

Ayeka gave the physician a knowing look before saying with false
haughtiness, "Kya, Kessho-sensei! It would be improper for me to enter
a room without knocking first, especially a room where my okasama and
Funaho-okasama are together, 'alone'. I haven't done that since I was
Sasami's age."
**********
Chapter Four: The Story in Your Eyes
Ayeka's Apartment

Ayeka walked toward the entrance to her garden at a relaxed pace. She
had woke from a peaceful night sleep with a determined thought in her
mind, she had to find her old friends and let them know she hadn't
forgotten them. After helping her daughter to dress and put on her
makeup, Misaki had to leave because of a call from Funaho, so Ayeka
ended up eating a light breakfast alone with her thoughts. So far the
only unusual happening was her mother's selection for Ayeka to wear
today, an Otomeza styled one piece blue suit with images of golden
poppies flowing down the billowing leggings, allowing a hint of the
wearer's femininity to appear around the waist. Ayeka started to object
to the clothing being too informal for the court but this was
effectively shot down when Misaki told her of her parents' decision
that today was Ayeka's day off. Knowing defeat Ayeka put the cloths on
but now, as she put down her teacup, she smiled at her remembrance of
the way her mother's face glowed with a look the princess recognized as
the cat-who-ate-the-carney. Without the many layers of cloth that was
normal for a Jurain kimono, Ayeka couldn't help feeling a little
naughty yet she knew both her mothers were loving the way her makeup,
clothing and non-Jurain attitudes were shaking up the conservative
elements of Jurain society. Her mothers' cat-and-mouse game could cause
Ayeka's quest, to reestablish her ties with old friends, to become part
of the palace's rumor mill. This was something Ayeka didn't want for it
could reveal her deception but the only way to avoid notice was for the
princess to go to her stepmother, Funaho, since she was the Inspector
General of Information.

'I hope Funaho-okasama does not find my request so trivial that it
shows disrespect for her office,' Ayeka's ruby eyes reflected the worry
in her soundless words.

With a few well-placed questions the guards informed Ayeka that Funaho
was with Misaki, in Ayeka's garden. To find her mothers were in her
garden, left the purple-haired princess puzzled but at the time she
only put it down as coincidence, since both queens had the means to
communicate their commands to their staffs without having to be in an
office or the throne room. Ayeka could remember the times Sasami and
she would be playing with Misaki or Funaho, when either one of them
would touch a small button on their collar to say something to someone
or the comb in their hair would glow bluish-white for a minute or two
before they would continue the play.

Passing through the garden's entrance, Ayeka was barely able to see a
pair of heads, one blue and the other one black, just above the pink
rose bushes. At a correct pace the princess followed the path to this
part of the garden but as she rounded the corner and reached the
other side of the sweetly smelling flowers, the slim lady's feet frozen
to the ground as her wide eyes caught sight of a little girl with her
mothers, a child with pink amethyst eyes full of sunshine.

Ayeka didn't know if she made any sound or her appearance had caught
Funaho's eye, she was only able to perceive her stepmother's head
turned in her direction, give her a happy smile before looking again
at Ayeka's sister and saying, "Sasami-chan, I think someone you
wanted to see has just arrived ne?"

The child, in an Earth styled pea green shirt and skirt with a pair of
lemon yellow bows upon her arms, turned on bare feet to look in the
direction Funaho indicated, then a whoop of joy lifted from her plain
lips followed by a shout, "ONEESAMA!"

With speed only matched by Ryoko's flight, Sasami ran across the field
with arms stretched out to her sister. Ayeka had already gone to bent
knees without hesitation, she wanted so very much to hug a sister she
hadn't been apart from for seven-hundred-years but now the sickness had
kept them separated for the last five weeks. The little one was only a
couple of feet away when Ayeka noticed how Sasami seemed be more real
than the things around her but no time was left for the slim lady to
react because as the child entered her sister's embrace, the
blue-haired princess passed right through Ayeka's body. With bugged
eyes Ayeka fell backward upon her rump with her mouth hanging open and
arms still reaching out, then a child's voice filled her left ear with
an English word, "Gotcha!"

Wordlessly Ayeka looked over her left shoulder at Sasami and saw how
her sister's eyes reflected the mischievous nature of her soul. Anxiety
gripped Ayeka's heart, over the unsuppressed energy making the child's
body glow, until she looked questionably at her mothers and found them
smiling and giggling at her concern. The mirth around her made the
older princess realize the answer to the nature of her sister's gentle
radiance, so she said with relief, "This is Tsunami's doing ne?"

"I asked Tsunami-megami if I could visit my okasama and Funaho-okasama
and she said hai," Sasami's ear-to-ear grin matched the tone of her
words.

Turning around to face Sasami, Ayeka asked, "So this is your astral
body ne?"

"Ee," Sasami gave a quick nod.

"And your body?" Ayeka's curiosity found a home in her tone.

"My body is asleep in our room with Ryoko-neechan," the little wonder
told her sister.

"Ryoko-san sleeps in our room with you," new confusion entered Ayeka's
words, "but I thought she would be sleeping with . . . " Ayeka barely
caught herself in time.

Sasami's face gained a shy look as her entire astral body blushed
vividly before she said softly, "Ryoko-neechan sometimes sleeps with
Tenchi-niichan but mostly she sleeps on your futon so I won't feel
lonely at night."

"So Ryoko-san keeps you company at night?" Ayeka was touched by Ryoko's
concern over Sasami's loneliness.

"Oneesama, Ryoko-neechan is right next to me so she can whisper in my
ear while I'm here," Sasami answered, then the little one let a string
of giggles from her mouth before she could stop them. With a mischief
in her eyes, the youngest princess said, "Ryoko-neechan just said you
better come home soon, it's so boring without your . . . eh . . .
without you to kick around," the little one had changed her words when
she saw her mothers join them.

With anger made false by the smile upon her face, Ayeka countered, "One
of Ryoko-san's dream stories," then the slim lady's smile was touched
with sadness, "I'm not sure when I will be back."

Sasami started to say something but stopped and her head turned
slightly to the left, then she looked deeply into Ayeka's eyes and said
with a dignified tone, "Ryoko-neechan just told me that she and Tenchi-
niichan won't have their wedding unless you're here too."

"A WEDDING!" Misaki's voice burst out with glee as she bent down so her
face was just inches from Sasami's before asking, "When!"

An uneasy look appeared on Sasami's face as she said, "Ara . . . when
oneesama returns."

Misaki pulled up to her full height and seemed to bounce upon her toes
as she said in rapture, "Then WE must come too!"

"We!" squeaked Sasami, the girl knowing full well that Ryoko wasn't
going to be happy about this development.

"Who's going to preside over the wedding?" Funaho's tone showed she was
getting caught up in Misaki's excitement. Ayeka got off the ground but
edged her way over to Funaho so she would be less of a target for one
of her mother's hugs.

"Oneesama," Sasami was barely able to overcome her dread at what was
coming next. Ayeka couldn't stop herself from smiling at her sister's
discomfort but surprise caught her mind when her right hand felt
something slipped into its fingers.

"Ne Ne! Perfect!" the air filled with Misaki's joy before she turned to
Funaho and asked with puppy dog eyes, "We can go wa yo?"

Never able to deny Misaki anything Funaho nodded before saying in a
delightful tone, "Since this is a royal wedding, I think it's the
obligation of the Oken Kazoku Jurai to be there."

"SUBARASHII (WONDERFUL!)!" the word leaped from Misaki's lips as her
arms scooped up Funaho and she danced lightly in a circle, the look of
pure joy shared by the two queens showed everyone there just how much
each tenderly held the other's heart.

Noting the relief and happiness on Sasami's face as she watched their
mothers, Ayeka took a few steps away from the group and brought her
right hand up to see what Funaho had slipped her, it was a folded piece
of paper. Opening the parchment the purple-haired princess silently
read the words, 'Seeing the way you reacted to Akimi-sama, I believed
your objective today would be to find the rest of your old friends. I
took it upon myself the duty to find them for you but soon I found my
search may bring you sorrow for besides Yoshida Akimi, only one other
person has survived the passing centuries, Isaka Yoko. I have also
prepared someone to take you to her and to keep you company should you
need it. You will find the person waiting for you at the aerodrome.'

Looking over, Ayeka found both her mothers' bent down to Sasami's level
and asking the child all sorts of questions about the wedding. Finally
unable to find a graceful way to exit from the rain of questions, the
blue-haired girl desperately said, "Dewa mata (See you later!)!" Then
the little one disappeared in a cloud of lifelike fireflies. Finding
the object of their attention gone the two queens stood up with
questioning looks upon their faces. Misaki turned to where she last saw
Ayeka to ask her daughter about Earth customs but found her oldest
daughter had disappeared too.
**********
Royal Aerodrome

It took fifteen minutes for Ayeka to reach the helopad but she wasn't
prepared for the sight waiting for her there. Balanced upon a black
cushioned seat, with a yellow and black stripped helmet hanging from a
handle bar grip, she found Tatsu reading a manga with undivided
attention. Ayeka was surprised by this development but it was the
objection underneath the young man that locked her gaze, a yellow-
jacketed H-D2150 Hoverbike. Weighting in at over six-hundred-pounds,
the H-D2150 was the best one-man hoverbike in existence with room for a
passenger behind the driver and carrying cases on the side for light
travel, with the ability to reach five-hundred-kilometers-per-hour.
Ayeka even remembered Washu saying the military version of the H-D2150
could be fitted with a life support unit and a subspace drive for
stealth missions since its size made it almost invisible to sensors and
it used an eighth-generation, cold fusion power plant. Ayeka felt all
light inside with the possibility of riding such a machine, especially
when she saw the matching purple helmet and padded body suit on the
seat next to the man. The ruby-eyed princess eagerly closed the
distance between them without the young man detecting her presence due
to his green eyes filled with the images and the words of the manga,
whose own body suit was the same color as the bike's. Wanting to keep
some shed of proper behavior, Ayeka only trusted herself enough to
clear her throat.

Tatsu's emerald eyes gained the size of the hoverbike's headlight as he
jumped off the cushion with the manga going behind his back as he
fumbled his apology, "Gomen . . . nasai, Ayeka-sama! I . . . I . . .
I didn't hear you come in!"

"You are forgiven, Tatsu-sama," Ayeka was glad Tatsu's chagrin hid from
the man her hunger for the thrill of riding the machine next to him,
"Funaho-okasama told me you are my guide to Isaka Yoko's home."

"Hai, I'm to be your guide and escort for today," Tatsu hurriedly
answered as he took a sideward step to his left, hit a button with his
left finger so he could drop his manga into the just opened carrying
case, then pressed the button a second time to close it.

"So you are an otaku of manga?" Ayeka used her teasing tone to cover
her coming to stand next to Tatsu while her left hand gingerly touched
the vehicle's handlebars.

"Ee," Tatsu gave Ayeka a sheepish grin, "I've been hooked on them since
I was a kodomo." Tatsu turned to his left, picked up the purple helmet
and body suit with both hands and turned back to the princess to offer
them to her as he said, "You're ready?"

"Un!" Ayeka saw Tatsu's right eyebrow rise when she couldn't stop her
delight from tingeing her answer but he kept silent as he filled her
hands with the helmet and the body suit. As the princess lifted the
suit up to see if it would fit her, she suddenly realized the kimono
she usually wore would have caused problems that the Otomeza one-piece
avoided. 'I can believe Funaho-okasama fathoming my future actions from
my discussions with Akimi-sama but okasama's selection of these cloths
could mean they both are plotting something together,' Ayeka thought.
As the slim lady pulled the snug suit over her thighs, she noted with a
small smile how Tatsu had quickly turned away so to give her some
privacy. As Ayeka pushed her arms down the purple sleeves and pulled
the zipper up, her ruby eyes watched the new prince making a last check
of his hoverbike. It took just his fingernail removal of speaks of dirt
from the chrome and his quick polish of the headlight to show why he
wasn't perplexed by her excitement because he felt the same thing.

Ayeka looked at the other machines in the aerodrome to keep her
impatience from interfering with Tatsu's normal routine, but her ruby
eyes darted back when she heard him get on the hoverbike. With his
right hand the black-haired man pulled out a multisided cube and put it
in a hole on the hoverbike's control panel. As the young woman placed
her right hand on his left shoulder the young man looked over his left
shoulder and said with certainty, "No sidesaddle, Ayeka-sama, it
unbalances the hoverbike."

"Oi, gomen, Tatsu-sama," Ayeka hadn't realized she was about to do
something wrong.

Tatsu gave Ayeka an understanding smile as he kindly said, "It's a
common mistake many young ladies make, Ayeka-sama." His hands took hold
of the hoverbike's safety belts and continued his words, "Just copy the
way I'm seated and place your safety belts over your shoulders and
around your waist."

Ayeka did as instructed, finding two footrests just in front of the
side carrying cases which drew her legs in a zigzag angle. After the
purple-haired princess locked the safety belts together, Tatsu
courteously asked, "Ayeka-sama, please give me the suit's umbilical
cord."

"Hai!" Ayeka allowed her own voice to reflect her excitement while she
handed her suit's umbilical cord to Tatsu. Taking the tube from the
princess' right hand the man pressed it into a hole, instantly Ayeka's
helmet visor slip down and she felt the padded suit inflated so it was
a perfect fit. It was at this time that Tatsu pushed the hoverbike's on
switch.

Ayeka couldn't mistake it, from the tip of her toes to her crotch she
felt life between her legs, rhythmic vibrations that caused her ruby
orbs to half close as an erotic sensation ran up her body. An amused
voice came over Ayeka's helmet mike, "This is the first time you've
ridden a hoverbike na?"

"Un . . . " Ayeka's eyelids flew up at just how much of her arousal she
accidently let into her response and she tried to cover her tracks,
"Hai, Tatsu-sama, this is my first time!"

"Dewa, don't worry about the experience giving you a high," Tatsu
reassured Ayeka, "It did me the first time."

"It did?" Ayeka was relieved Tatsu had mistaken her physical reaction
to be like his.

"Ee, even now I'm still addicted to the unfettered freedom that only
those who can fly can feel," Tatsu admitted with deep emotion in his
voice.

Aware that Tatsu had just confessed something very personal to her,
Ayeka said in a small voice, "It's the way it fires the embers of my
imagination with desire, the way it makes me want to feel the wind
playing with my long ponytails and for my eyes to catch the dizzying
passing of the landscape below me."

"Desire for another?" carefully suggested by Tatsu.

"At one time I thought I found someone who could fulfill my desire,"
Ayeka couldn't stop her words, the pain causing her ruby eyes to
glisten, "someone who could fill the emptiness within me and make me
complete."

"And now?" Ayeka wasn't sure Tatsu's tone was sympathetic or guilty.

"Even through I still care for him," Ayeka willed vainly to calm
herself, "I now believe I wanted him so the pain of my loss would make
sense."

"The loss being Yosho-ojisama (prince)," Tatsu tentatively offered.

Finding the atmosphere of isolation caused by the helmets to her
liking, Ayeka continued to open up to Tatsu, "I thought I could
transfer my desire for my oniisama to Tenchi-sama, that he would accept
me and he would give his ai to me but it was a falsehood, what
Earthlings call a castle in the air."

"He didn't daisuki, Ayeka-sama?" again Ayeka wasn't sure of the emotion
in Tatsu's question.

"He thought of me like he did Sasami," the taste of watery salt in her
mouth, "as he saw her as his imoto he saw me as a onee."

"So you've returned to Jurai because there's nothing to keep you away,"
resignation in Tatsu's tone.

Ayeka stopped herself from telling Tatsu about her sacrifice and her
forthcoming death. Her uncle had already shown he liked her and he was
attracted to her as a woman but the princess didn't want sympathy for a
dying relative. Instead she lied, "I made friends out there and Sasami
is with them but Jurai is where I belong, now."

The finality of Ayeka's reply was punctuated by the increase of
pressure from underneath as Tatsu leaned forward to take hold of the
handlebars where his right hand slowly turned the grip forward which
made the hoverbike lift a few feet off the ground so its four-pylon
landing gear would automatically retract. Then Ayeka heard Tatsu say,
"Tenjyu, open helopad exit."

Ayeka red orbs watched the helopad exit open enough to allow the
hoverbike to leave. The princess adjusted her balance as the vehicle
increased its height to ten feet as it moved through the wooden doors,
then the machine steadily moved horizontally as it performed several
looping circles, soon it left Tenjyu far below as it reached five-
thousand feet. A little fear touched Ayeka's heart but then Tatsu's
voice reached her ears, "If you feel a little frightened by the height,
you can lean forward and hold onto me. With these padded suits on, I
couldn't tell if you were male or female."

"I'm the Saishono Oujosama Jurai . . . " it was then that the hoverbike
hit an air pocket, causing the machine to drop ten feet. With
haughtiness banished by need Ayeka's hands grab onto Tatsu's upper
chest, " . . . and I would be happy to accept your kind offer." Was it
static the slim lady heard over the mike or was it chuckles?

The hoverbike continued its climb to ten-thousand-feet where Ayeka
stared at the beauty around her, the palace below her, the surrounding
canopy of the forest-city and on the distance horizon the rising of
Jurai's tiniest moon. After executing a five-minute circle so Ayeka
could enjoy the view, Tatsu said, "I understand you like to fly fast?"

"Hai!" Joy in Ayeka's reply.

Ayeka felt like her stomach must have been left somewhere behind as the
hoverbike moved from four-kilometers-per-hour to four-hundred-
kilometers-per-hour in sixty seconds. The princess was also sure the
moon in front of her looked much bigger.
**********
Isaka Yoko's Home

Tatsu's hoverbike had come to a slow stop and was steadily losing
attitude after traveling over an hour in a westward direction. Scanning
the surrounding terrain, Ayeka found the rolling hills, fields of wild
flowers and perfectly maintained orchards very familiar, it took the
sight of the tall black tree coming into view to summon a cry of
recognition from her red lips. Hearing the slim lady's spontaneous joy
over the open mike, the black-haired man asked with mirth in his voice,
"Ayeka-sama, is something wrong?"

"It's Tekko, the summer home of the Oken Kazoku Jurai," Ayeka's
delightful tone couldn't match the emotions the images in her mind
called up from within, of the days she played with Yosho, Sasami and
her friends in the house and the surrounding land.

"Honto, it was up to five-hundred-years-ago," Tatsu said as his right
thumb flicked the switch, which dropped and locked the hoverbike's
landing gear in place.

Curious by the tall man's answer Ayeka asked, "Do shimashita (What
happened?)?"

"Isaka-sama uncovered a plot for a sneak attack on Jurai," informed
Tatsu as he made his final selection of a landing site for them, "but
the success didn't come without a price, Isaka-sama's otto was killed
as they transmitted the information to Jurai. With a broken heart the
noble lady decided to retire from public life and to show their
gratitude, your ryoshin gave Tekko to her."

A pang of sorrow for her friend's loss was mixed with guilt as Ayeka
became aware how some things have changed around her while she was on
her quest to find Yosho. With the events that happened during the
Fukuju, the discovery of Seto's son and the loss of friends to the
passage of time, it dawned on the slim lady it was improper for her to
shut herself into a private world, only allowing her parents in. She
saw how this strategy hurt others and caused misunderstanding, so to
correct this mistake was the reason she was here but now she found
another: a chance for her to visit old memories.

When the hoverbike came to a rest at about fifty yards in front of
Tekko, Tatsu unhooked their umbilical cords, which caused their
helmet's visors to slide open and the protective suits to decompress.
With merriment in his voice, Tatsu said, "Ladies first."

Ayeka couldn't help but give a smile at his humor as she climbed off
the bike with as much properness as possible. Both took their helmets
off but the new prince kept his back turned to her as he said causally,
"This is the first time I've been here."

It didn't take a super genius to know why he didn't face her so Ayeka
unzipped the padded suit and quickly got out of it while answering,
"It's a wonderful place to have fun and to get away from the stiffness
of the palace. You can come here and be yourself."

When Ayeka folded her suit, put it on the hoverbike's seat and looked
up, she found Tatsu had silently removed his suit and the sight of what
he wore made her cover her mouth to hide her oh-and-ah. The colors were
a normal evergreen and evening blue but the pants were short and very
tight and the shirt was in the same condition, he might look like her
brother and he sometimes sounded like her brother's grandson yet while
those two had the build of deadly dancers, here her scarlet vision
showed her a wrestler's power. It would have been an awkward situation
for Ayeka, if it wasn't for Tatsu's scarlet cheeks caused Ayeka to
giggle behind her hand, which in turn made the facial fire spread to
his ears. With a stammer the tall man said, "I . . . I . . . I didn't
mean to cause you any complications, Ayeka-sama. I just dressed this
way because the suit makes me sweat a lot."

With the blush still visible on Tatsu's face and his apology fresh in
Ayeka's ears, the princess realized that amongst his newness there was
some familiarity to this man standing before her. The princess quietly
stored this thought for later as she asked Tatsu a question to distract
him, "How is my face?"

Tatsu focused on the question and replied, "Only the purple ayame
(iris) is equal to your beauty," now it was Ayeka's turn to have roses
in her cheeks while the smiling man added, "but you might want to
freshen it up."

Ayeka took out her makeup kit, cleaned and corrected the damage caused
by the earlier tears and smudges from the helmet's contact before
putting it away and then said, "Tatsu-sama, I hope you don't mind if
you stay out here while I'm visiting Yoko-sama."

"Ayeka-sama, your will is mine," Tatsu gave Ayeka a flashy grin as he
continued, "I do have my mangas to read."

"H . . . Hai," Ayeka gave Tatsu a feeble smile to hid the startlement
in her reply, then she turned and walked toward Tekko's entrance as she
mentally wondered, 'did Tatsu-sama know he just used a part of the
wedding oath?' It was at this point that the purple-haired lady's mind
conjured up a mental picture, of the black-haired man as he was dressed
now, and focused on the red wristbands just below his hands. A kernel
of thought gained birth in the princess' mind but before she could give
food to it, the door she was walking to opened and a person she hadn't
seen for seven-hundred-years filled the entrance.

The sight before Ayeka stopped her like she walked into a stone wall
for in her mind she imagined Isaka Yoko like she was when the princess
left Jurai all those centuries before, a young woman with auburn hair
and a physical appearance that made her the pearl of the Jurai court.
Empty shock came first replaced by crushing grief as Ayeka's eyes
filled with tears at the sight of the white scars that crisscrossed
Yoko's face and the colorless orbs in her eye sockets. Adding to
Ayeka's soulful pain was the bright smile on Yoko's wounded lips and
the happy bow she gave the princess as she said with pleasure in her
voice, "Konnichiwa, Ayeka-oujosama."

Composure fled Ayeka's body as she closed the space between herself and
Yoko's, where she fiercely hugged her friend in a shaking embrace as
anguish filled her cry, "KYA SHINGU-CHAN (Oh Little Pearl!)!"

Yoko's left hand tenderly held Ayeka by the top of her back as her
right hand glided down Ayeka's silky hair while her soothing voice said
repeatedly, "Maa . . ."
**********
Tekko's Sunroom

It had taken sometime to get Ayeka to stop weeping at Yoko's loss but
the noble lady's gentle words sealed the princess' tear ducts,
"Oujo-chan, please don't cry. My injuries happened so long ago."

Ayeka's right arm and Yoko's left arm encircled the other's waist as
they walked into a room near Tekko's top limbs, where a thick glass
dome allowed Jurai's sun to bathe the users and where a marble table, a
ceramic teapot with cups and two cushioned wood chairs waited for the
two ladies.

"But Shingu-chan, I . . . I should have stayed abreast of what HAPPENED
to my friends here on Jurai," Ayeka's voice showed the guilt and pain
that threatened to overwhelm her again.

"Oujo-chan, you were busy searching for Yosho-ojisama," Yoko's
beautiful voice reassured her friend.

"But during my search . . . and after I found . . . my oniisama and
Tenchi-sama, I didn't even THINK to find out how you or Akimi-chan was
doing," Ayeka's horrified eyes couldn't leave Yoko's scarred face.

"Then I'm glad for you, Oujo-chan," Yoko melodiously countered, "It
means your life was full of adventures."

"That is no excuse, Shingu-chan," Ayeka's shot back, "Look what
happened, I come home and find Akimi-chan all twisted up with anger and
you unable to see the beauty around you."

Hearing the annoyance in Ayeka's voice Yoko smile broadened and she
said, "That's the Oujo-chan I know so well." Ayeka opened her mouth but
Yoko pushed off from her and ran toward the table surrounded by chairs
as she called over her left shoulder, "Besides I'm not as helpless as I
look."

"SHINGU-CHAN, DON'T!" fright in Ayeka's words as her mind filled with
the only possibility that would happen to her friend. It was in total
surprise when her scarlet vision saw Yoko reach out with her right hand
to successfully grab the back of the chair and lightly bounce over the
left armrest so her body landed perfectly on the chair's cushion. Ayeka
came up to her auburn-haired friend and her mouth did an imitation of a
live fish-out-of-water before words came out, "Nanto?"

Yoko let out a long sigh before saying as she waved her hand at the
empty chair, "Oujo-chan, you have allowed tears of blood to blind you."

Ayeka knew the truth in Yoko's statement as she sat in the offered
chair before she said, "I know circumstances have made it hard for me
see clearly."

With a forgiving smile on her face, Yoko said, "Use your family's
meditation technique to banish the inner storms so your mind can become
calm."

Ayeka did as Yoko told her to do and as each fear, doubt, guilt and
anguish dissipated, a new image reached her eyes, one that showed
Yoko's eyes are not dead white but full of bluish-white light. In
reaction to the new sight the slim lady asked again, "Nanto?"

Yoko smoothly tipped the teapot to fill the cups, decorated by images
of Startica Bells, before she answered, "I and my Tree Ship, Tanpopo,
were traveling with my husband and his Tree Ship when mercenaries
ambushed us to prevent us from delivering some information to Funaho-
joosama. My husband was killed, his Tree Ship was destroyed and I was
left barely alive, lying on my bed with my ki matching my shredded
face. In this state of mind and body I heard a surprising sound, I
heard a child crying."

A knowing look appeared on Ayeka's face as she took the offered cup
from Yoko's left hand and took a sip of the steaming green tea as her
friend continued, "With eyes sightless I asked, 'Who is crying for me?'

"A voice I recognized answered between sobs, 'Atashi warui . . .
Yoko-neechan . . .'

"I tried to push the pain from my voice as I said, 'Sasami-chan, how
did you reach here?'

"It was then I heard an older version of the child's voice sadly answer
me, 'Gomen nasai Yoko-dono, we tried to come to your aid but we arrived
too late to save your otto.'

" 'Donata?' I asked but then the scent of Startica Bells touched my
nose and I knew who it was. I attempted to stand but my body only
screamed and I fell back on my bed.

"As my agony lessened, I heard Sasami-chan cry to me, 'Please,
Yoko-neechan, please let me help you.'

"I was confused as to how the kochan could help me but I wanted to
confront her so I said, 'I would not mind if you got me a drink of
water.' After a minute or two I felt something soft and wet brush again
my right cheek. Hot pain laced my lips but they were cooled as water
trickled over them and I drank it up. Still I heard Sasami-chan crying.

"Then Tsunami-megami said to me with care, 'Yoko-dono, we can give you
a chance to live and to see again but it will change you. Will you
accept our aid?'

"I didn't fully understand what Tsunami-megami was offering me but I
knew I wouldn't live much longer and I still wanted to finish my
mission or my otto's sacrifice would have been in vain. I said, 'Hai.'

"In moments I heard Sasami-chan's crying very close to me, then I felt
drops of warm water bathe my face and fill the hollows that once held
my eyes, it didn't take me long to realize they were Sasami-chan's
tears raining upon me. Then the agony that raked my body melted away as
a feeling of ecstasy gave wings to my ki. I don't know how long I was
caught up in that joyous state but when my mind cleared and I opened my
eyes, I saw a world my physical vision never gave me. Next to me was a
wet-faced but happy Sasami-chan yet what awed me was the sight of
Tsunami-megami's image surrounding the kochan and the goddess said to
the kochan, 'Sasami-chan, you did gu.' Like the light of a passing star
the two disappeared."

"So you know Sasami's secret ne?" Ayeka ruby eyes glowed with happiness
as she took another sip of her tea.

"Hai," Yoko answered with wonder in her tone, "Sasami-chan is more than
Tsunami-megami's bondmate, they are one."

"And you, Shingu-chan, what is this new world your sight gave you?"
curiosity in Ayeka's words.

"I see the ki that inhabit all things," Yoko answered after a sip of
her tea, "I can see if it is weak or strong, violent or calm, happy or
sad," Yoko's tone gained a serious note, "but even more my vision can
see through the eyes of any of the bondmates of Tsunami-megami's
offspring."

Yoko's last statement locked Ayeka's right hand as she was bringing the
teacup to her red lips, with a questioning look upon her face. Yoko
smiled at her friend, reached over the table to take hold of Ayeka's
left hand before saying with compassion, "I saw your sacrifice, Oujo-
chan and I know what it is doing to you."

Ayeka slowly placed the teacup on the table so her right hand could
join the others then she said with emotion laced words, "I'm trying to
be brave, trying to behave as an oujosama should but at times I see,"
then tears start to glisten in her eyes, "of Sasami . . . of Washu-san
. . . of Mihoshi-san . . . of Ryoko-san . . . of Tenchi-sama."

"You miss them wa," affection in Yoko's words.

"I thought when Tenchi-sama made his choice, I would just come back
here to Jurai and return to my duties as Saishono Oujosama Jurai,"
Ayeka used her right hand to pull out a dark red handkerchief to take
her unshed tears away, "but I found in the two years I was there, they
became more than just friends to me, they became my kazoku."

"Yet you are here on Jurai," Yoko squeezed Ayeka's left hand.

"Because I didn't want them to see me suffering and not be able to do
anything about it," Ayeka words became weighted, "I also want to
prevent them from trying something desperate to save me."

"I understand, Oujo-chan," a sad smile upon Yoko's face, "I will keep
your secret."

"Domo arigato gozaimasu, Shingu-chan," appreciative look on Ayeka's
face.

For a few hours Ayeka and Yoko exchanged stories about their adventures
but as the sun passed from morning to noon, Ayeka remembered someone
was waiting for her and she said, "Shingu-chan, I have taken up enough
of your time, so I should be going."

"Oujo-chan, please come back any time you need someone to talk to,"
Yoko offered with a bright smile.

"I will," Ayeka returned the smile.

The two ladies got up together and the auburn-haired noblewoman
escorted the purple-haired princess to the front entrance. At the
opening the two exchanged bows but as the slim lady turned to leave,
her friend said, "Oujo-chan, she waits for you."

"Nani?" confusion in Ayeka's tone as she faced Yoko.

"Can you not feel it," Yoko gave Ayeka a knowing look, "where your bond
to Ryu-oh once dwelled?"

At the time of her insight to Yoko's unique nature, Ayeka had sensed
something else, something from that place where Ryu-oh was once a part
of her. She had assumed what she felt was a ghost of her former
bondmate, like when someone feels a hand or a leg that is no longer
there. Now her friend's words awoke in the princess of another
possibility and she asked, "Will I find her there?"

"Lift the veil surrounding her and find out," Yoko replied.

Ayeka stood before Yoko for a time, her thoughts racing over the
meaning of her friend's words before her eyes widened as her mind
located the only likelihood. The princess nodded to the noble lady
before walking away.

When Ayeka reached the yellow hoverbike her eyes scanned the
surrounding and found its owner sitting on a fallen tree trunk, just in
front of the orchard. Ayeka's smooth walk to the seated man conjured
memories of her past summers at Tekko, of the times she, Sasami and
their friends would raid the orchard of its delicious fruit. As before,
Tatsu was so engrossed in his manga that he didn't hear her approach.
Feeling a little mischievous Ayeka asked in a pleasant voice, "What are
you reading?"

Tatsu was momentary startled but he partly turned to her and calmly
said, "Gunsmith Cats."

"Oi, that is a Nihonjin manga," Ayeka puzzled as to how something from
Earth could get to Jurai.

"Hai, I got hooked on them after Seto-okasama brought some back from
when she visited you and the others," Tatsu sheepishly said, "Since
then I worked out a deal with your oniisama to get copies of new ones,"
then he gave the princess an inquisitive look, "I didn't know Yosho-
ojisama had a fondness for Regina fire peppers na?"

Ayeka let a little laugh through her defenses before saying, "I think
he enjoys baiting others into eating them and watching the results."
The purple-haired lady stepped around the decaying wood to stand before
her cousin and then added, "As for me, I enjoy sweet tasting fruits."

"Like those, hanging from these trees?" a hint of a dare in Tatsu's
voice.

With a wish for childhood's forgetfulness to return to her and the
hunger to once more taste stolen goods, Ayeka suddenly broke away from
the black-haired man and ran toward the orchard. Seeing his dare taken
up, Tatsu placed his manga down, placed a small rock on it to keep the
wind from blowing it away and then chased after the quick-footed woman.
Ayeka was mildly surprised she was only winded when she reached the
nearest pear tree, expecting bloody coughs as a reward for her rash
act. Not willing to risk climbing up the tree, Ayeka stretched upward
on her toes in a vain attempt to reach the closest pear. When Tatsu
finally reached the disappointed lady, Ayeka pleaded, "Please, could
you help me get one?"

The glimpse of what a wonderful child Ayeka had once been brought a
grin to Tatsu's lips as he bent his knees and locked his fingers
together while saying, "I'll give you a boost."

"Arigato, Tatsu-sama," Ayeka thanked Tatsu before positioning her body
and she took a step back so her left leg was on his interlocked
fingers. Then the slim lady pushed herself up and the tall man slowly
raised her as she balanced on her left leg with arms outstretched.
Concentrating on maintaining her equilibrium, it wasn't until the pale
round fruit was before her ruby eyes that she reached with her right
hand and pick it from the tree. It was at that moment of triumph that
she felt her left leg pushed out from under her and she let go a squeal
of fright but she found her fall interrupted when her bottom landed on
a pair of strong shoulders. With illuminating shock upon her face she
found a shaggy black-haired head between her bent legs with its face in
the proper direction and firm hands holding her knees. Ayeka's gladness
at being lucky enough to hold onto the pear was replaced with a thimble
of anger as she said, "You nearly made me leave my hips with that act,
why did you do that?"

"It was the easiest way to get you down," Ayeka was very sure she heard
mirth in the man's voice.

"Dewa, you can let me all the way down now," Ayeka hurriedly commanded
for she was itching to taste the firm meat of her hard won treasure.

"Why don't you let me carry me to the hoverbike first na?" Tatsu
suggested, "that way you can eat your stolen prize before someone
catches us with it."

"But I wei . . . eh . . . you might step in a hole and hurt yourself,"
Ayeka quickly corrected her words but then blushed at the tone of
affection she had used.

"I don't mind, you're light upon these shoulders," then mischief
entered Tatsu's voice as he made a noisy sniff, "Besides, I like you
right where you are . . . OUCH!" Ayeka thumped the top of his head with
her left hand to let him know she knew exactly what he meant, then
shock filled her face at what she had just done and she quickly
apologized, "Gomen, gomen, Tatsu-sama! I did not mean to do that!"

"Being an eye of ocha da zo," Tatsu cheerfully accused his passenger as
he slowly turned on his heel and began to walk toward his distant
hoverbike, "you must've been a wondrous child na."

The man's words returned Ayeka to her childhood memories and with a
child's delight she took a big bite out of the round pear, the sweet
flesh crunched between her white teeth as its sticky juice ran down to
her chin. Taking another bite she remembered the looks of concern on
her mothers' faces when she, Sasami and their friends wouldn't have
much of an appetite at dinner, after a day of roughhousing, yet how
could they ignore such a tasty fruit from Funaho's homeland.

With half of her delicious treat gone, Ayeka realized that her carrier
hadn't tasted any of it. Slowly the princess bent down so to bring the
whitish fruit within reach of his lips. Ayeka saw a look of thanks upon
his sunny face then he carefully took a bite, munched it slowly before
saying, "Delicious, Ayeka-sama." But then Ayeka went stiff when the
face of the man below her gained a shy look. A bright blush touched
every part of the princess' face, as she realized her simple sharing of
the fruit between them meant she had indirectly kissed him and the tall
man's look meant he knew it too. Ayeka opened her mouth then closed it
then opened it again only to close it again, her thought to deny she
was indirectly kissing him warred with her desire to fill the
loneliness deep inside her. Even with her mothers' love, her father's
support and the reestablishment of her friendship with Akimi and Yoko,
there was still an empty place in her soul, the place a lover, a
husband fills. She once believed Yosho would close this hole in her
being and later she hoped Tenchi would stop the pain the emptiness
brought her but neither proved her savor.

Ayeka's indecision brought a third thought into her mind, was she, was
her heart attracted by someone who could pass for Yosho's twin, whose
words and deeds sometimes echoed with Tenchi's shy kindness yet with
boldness neither of her past loves' had, was she falling in love with a
man she had only known for the last three days. This and the other two
thoughts gave way to one overwhelming belief in her mind, like before
was she mistaking kindness for passion and even if he did truly love
her, did she have the right to sunder his soul when she died. With her
inner self, caught in the raging storm of her own making, Ayeka
suddenly heard a hiss of impatience slashed through her consciousness.

Looking around, Ayeka's ruby sight saw nothing that could have created
such a noise but it took only another second for her to conclude that
the origin of the sound came from within her, from the place where Yoko
told her to go. At first the slim lady hesitated at doing it due to
Tatsu's presence but her desire for guidance, even from the person she
suspected was there behind the veil, won out.

"Tatsu-sama, would you put me down at the log?" Ayeka softly said.
Hearing the wounded nature of her words, Tatsu gave her a nod. At the
fallen tree the tall man stopped and touched the ground with hands and
knees so the purple-haired woman could simply walk from his shoulders.
Ayeka carefully sat against the trunk, so her long hair wouldn't tangle
with the dead tree's brittle twigs, brought her vision to her companion
and precisely said, "I'm going into my consciousness to meet someone,"
then she added with a heartened smile, "do not worry, I will be fine."

"Ii zo," Tatsu's tone showed again his trust in her judgement.

Bringing her legs into a lotus position and closing her eyes, Ayeka
used the family's mediation technique to balance the yin and the yang
with her mind. As her awareness dropped through the many layers of her
selfness, a fuzzy image filled her inner eye. It didn't take long for
this vision to crystallize into a field of wild flowers. Looking
around, the princess found a little girl not far from her, dressed in a
white child's kimono with pink cherry blossoms embroidered upon it. It
didn't take her long to recognize the child who was  making the crown
of flowers with her little hands, not with that wild cyan hair on her
head. Lifting her amber eyes to look at the princess, the girl joyfully
called out in a childlike version of a very familiar voice, "Ayeka-
chan, look at what I made for you!"

It was now that Ayeka first looked at her own image and found she too
was a child again, wearing a light blue kimono with the red-black
Monarch butterflies upon it, also in her hands she found a ring of
yellow and white flowers. Wading through the flowers that came to her
waist, the purple-haired child made her way to the top of the little
hill where she knelt next to the girl with cat's eyes. Without
hesitation the happy child placed her crown of flowers on Ayeka's head
and the princess returned the flavor by placing hers amongst the sea
colored curls. Both children gave happy smiles to the other before the
ruby-eyed child said, "You know this isn't very original, Ryoko . .
. chan."

"So bite me, Oujo-chan," a Cheshire Cat's grin on Ryoko's face.

"I think I WILL," an impish grin on Ayeka's lips as she lunched herself
into the air.

"OME (HEY!)!" Ryoko shouted as Ayeka landed on top of her and they sank
underneath the multicolored ocean.

"Don't PINCH me there!" Ayeka's hot voice came out.

"Watch the HAIR, watch the HAIR!" Ryoko voice thundered as a small hand
clutching cyan hair rippled between the petals.

"No KICKING!" Ayeka fired back as the flashes of cyan, purple, blues
and white showed small bodies tumbling down the hill.

"Then stop biting my ANKLE!" a glimpse of a bare ankle with teeth marks
skimmed over the flower faces.

"But YOU said I could!" Ayeka's reply was made nasal by a hand twisting
her petite nose.

When the two children reached the bottom of the hill, they rolled apart
and ended up facing the other, breathing hard but gladdened grins upon
their faces. It was Ayeka who spoke first, "Domo arigato, Ryoko-chan,
that felt gu."

"It felt great, Oujo-chan," delight in the amber-eyed child's voice as
she began to float a few inches above the carpet of flowers, "you don't
know how maddening it can get without having someone you can blow some
steam off with. I can't do it with Sasami-chan or Tenchi, Mihoshi-san
is too good-natured, okachan gets out-of-control and Katsuhito-san
always finds a way to turn-the-tables on me."

"So whose idea was it for us to appear as shitei?" Ayeka asked, her
curiosity plainly visible upon her face.

"Washu-okachan thought it would help you if our first contact was made
as nonthreatening as possible," Ryoko replied as she crossed her legs
before the child with the ponytails, "besides I wanted to see if it was
true about you looking like Sasami-chan when you were a chibi (kid)."

"When did you realize we were linked?" Ayeka crawled over and knelt
beside her floating companion.

"When I woke up after the battle," Ryoko's voice took on a serious
tone, "three days before you left."

"Nanto?" Ayeka was sure she didn't give away any clue to her true
nature until just before she left and only to Washu.

"Okachan knew something was going on right after the battle when she
saw this," Ryoko reached with her right hand to pull down the kimono's
collar so her throat could be seen and then she half-raised her arms so
the sleeves would drop down, with both actions done three blue gems
were revealed: one just below her thorax and one on each wrist.

The sight of the Gems brought whispered words from Ayeka's lips,
"Ryoko-chan, I only wanted to save your life, I did not think this
would happen."

"It's more than that, Ayeka-chan," playfulness in Ryoko's tone as the
uchu kaizoku's face came within inches of the princess', "by placing
Ryu-oh's and much of your ki into me, we are now bondmates."

Ryoko's revelation rung truthful to Ayeka but it brought a new fear to
her heart, "Who told you . . . "

"Tsunami-megami came to me while I was still unconscious from the
battle," seriousness in Ryoko's voice.

"Then Sasami . . . " Ayeka fright echoed in her incomplete question.

"Iie, Tsunami-megami has kept your coming death from her," Ayeka saw
Ryoko's amber eyes glisten, "Sasami-chan knows something is wrong with
you but she thinks it's because of Tenchi's decision that you left us
and she hopes you will return," then Ryoko's voice became soft,
"Sasami-chan wants her oneesama back and so do we."

"Does Tenchi-sama know?" Ayeka barely able to keep her voice steady.

"Hai and he, okachan, Katsuhito-san, Nobiyuki-san and Mihoshi-san are very 
proud of you," admiration in Ryoko's words.

"I'm glad," Ayeka sighed as another demon was put to rest.

Ryoko turned and placed her hands on Ayeka's shoulders before saying,
"Ayeka-chan, promise me something."

"Nani, Ryoko-chan?" Ayeka replied.

"Promise me you won't stop living," sincerity in Ryoko's words.

"I might not have much choice in the matter," Ayeka countered.

"Just promise me you won't take from me the friend I call Oujo-chan,"
Ryoko stubbornly returned.

Seeing Ryoko would take only one answer Ayeka said, "I promise."

Giving a happy smile Ryoko hugged Ayeka, which the princess returned,
then the amber-eyed girl said, "Oujo-chan, I think your new friend is
getting worried."

Reminded of the world beyond the field of flowers Ayeka remembered one
of the reasons why she was here, "Ryoko-chan, you have been watching me
ne?"

"Ara . . . Yapi," Ryoko replied uncertainly as she lifted her hands
from Ayeka's shoulders.

"Then what do you think of Tatsu-sama?" Ayeka quickly asked before her
courage failed her.

"I think any shojo would swoon if he paid just a tenth of his attention
to her that he has given you," Ryoko lightly answered.

"Ryoko-chan, be serious," Ayeka's tone more to check her own fluffy
feelings for the man, "I have only known him for less than three days."

"I'm being serious, Oujo-chan," Ryoko's grin touching her catlike ears,
"when I say that I'm sure every piece of him would taste YUMMY!"

"RYOKO-CHAN!" Ayeka's eyes reaching saucer size, "such language from a
future Oujosama Jurai is not proper!"

"Nani?" Ryoko was confused by Ayeka's statement.

It was now Ayeka's turn to wear a crocodile grin as she said, "Do you
not know, that according to Juraijin tradition, once you marry Tenchi-
sama you become an Oujosama Jurai."

"Me, a notarin (brainless) oujosama like you," Ryoko made a face at
such a possibility.

"So expect your wedding to be a major event," Ayeka gaining some
pleasure on seeing the tables turned on the uchu kaizoku for once.

"Tenchi and I have already decided on a small wedding with just our
close friends," Ryoko countered an authoritative tone.

"Ne ne, you might want to talk to Sasami about that," Ayeka prepared
her final shot.

"What do you mean, Oujo-chan?" Ryoko's old flames returning to her
words.

"Sasami let slip to our okasamas about the wedding," the fire in
Ryoko's eyes showed Ayeka's dart had hit a bull's eye.

"So that why Sasami-chan wrapped herself in smoke whenever I've been
with her," a sharp edge to Ryoko's words but this heat quickly drowned
in Ayeka's laughter. Realizing she had lost the initiative Ryoko
switched into tease mode as she said, "So when are you going to tell
this Tatsu-san that you would like to be his esu efu?"

The shock of Ryoko's question brought to Ayeka was in seconds replaced
with painful anguish as tears suddenly spilled from her ruby orbs and
her voice sobbed, "I . . . I . . . am afraid . . . I'm doing . . . the
same thing . . . I did with . . . Ten . . . chi . . . sama."

Ayeka's child form felt small arms take hold of her and her purple-
haired head buried itself in the other form's shoulder. A cyan sea
filled her watery vision while the warm embrace called up more words,
"Do I see . . . only oniisama . . . only Tenchi . . . sama in him . . .
and . . . not what he . . . he . . . really is?"

"Of course you do, Oujo-chan," strength in Ryoko's response, "and I can
tell absolutely he's lost his head over you."

The rain of tears slowed yet Ayeka's lips quivered as she said,
"But . . . but . . . it has only been . . . three . . ."

"So what," Ryoko's words took on impatient sharpness, "you don't have
to wait five-thousand-years like I did to find ai again."

"But when I met Tatsu-sama . . . he said he was . . . attracted to
another onna . . . " Ayeka's dainty arms held onto Ryoko as if her life
depended on it.

"Masaka!" Ryoko shook her head with disbelief as she added, "Oujo-chan,
do you believe everything a man tells you!"

"What do you mean?" sniffed Ayeka.

"Don't you get it," Ryoko putting strong love in her words, "Tatsu-san
only said that so you wouldn't peg him as just another suitor for the
Saishono Oujosama Jurai."

"Honto ni?" a fragile hope in Ayeka's voice.

"I'll bet he was waiting all day in your garden just to sing that song
to you," Ryoko's words full of confidence, "Besides what words like,
'she acts like summer and walks like rain' or 'she listens like spring
and she talks like moonlight,' who else could he be talking about other
than you."

"Do you really think so?" Ayeka's hope becoming yearning.

"Look at the way he blushes when he's with you," mirth returned to
Ryoko's words, "his body is scorched because of you."

"Yet I know very little about Tatsu-sama?" Ayeka's princess training
kicking in, "Other than being obasama's musuko and an ongakukashu."

Ryoko broke their embrace and held Ayeka at arms' length as she looked
her friend straight in the eye, "Then do a little snooping if that's
the only way you can accept him as your koibito."

Ayeka's puffy face showed she took heart not only with Ryoko's advice
but also the affection she found in the uchu kaizoku's amber eyes. With
a nod Ryoko said, "I think it's time for us to part before your
boifurendo (boyfriend) gets really worried about why you were crying."

"You mean I was actually crying wa yo?" Ayeka's voice reflected how
horrified she was at such a private act being seen by another.

"Hai," Ryoko's grin showed she scored a direct hit on Ayeka's ego.

Quickly recovering her composure Ayeka shot back, "I still do not know
if I can accept such a bakemono as you as my bondmate."

Ryoko's grin reached Cheshire Cat's size as she countered, "do you
think I like being connected to such a bag of bones like you."

Because each heard the love they had for the other, one last hug was
exchanged between the two before Ayeka said, "Sayonara, Ryoko-chan."

"Oujo-chan, you . . . " Ayeka paused when she heard the great
difficulty Ryoko was having in getting the words out, " . . . you could
have had Tenchi to yourself . . . why did you . . . "

Ayeka knew this question would come since she would have asked the same
thing had Ryoko done the deed. With what nobility a child's body could
give her, the princess clasped her hands before her waist and used a
righteous tone in her reply, "I could have performed the duties of his
okusan, I could have bore his children and been at his side, even if it
meant I would never see Jurai again, but at night with his warm body
next to mine, I would know there is an emptiness in his kokoro that I
could not fill, that I was a pale substitution for the woman he truly
loved and I would hate myself for not having saved you."

"Oujo-chan, remember your promise," Ryoko's fading form said, "I don't
care if your whole kazoku comes as long as you're at my wedding."

"I will try," Ayeka softly said.

"You will try what, Ayeka-sama?" Ayeka heard the response but it wasn't
Ryoko's voice.

Ayeka eyes popped open and she found a very concerned Tatsu firmly
holding her right hand. Reaching up with her left hand, the princess
found her face moist. Dodging the question, Ayeka carefully pulled her
right hand from Tatsu's hold and retrived her makeup case. Tatsu
silently smiled as the purple-haired lady next to him cleaned and fixed
her face. But unknown to the man, Ayeka was using this action not only
to not answer his question, to hide her conversation with Ryoko, she
was using it to cover the fact she had felt something when her hand
parted from his grip, like a static charge of electricity.

When Ayeka closed her makeup case, Tatsu asked as he stood up and
offered his right hand, "Ready to head back, Ayeka-san?"

Curious, Ayeka accepted the help up. Again she felt the tickle of
energy from his touch and she wondered wordlessly, 'Did my emotional
state prevented me from feeling this before?'

Seeing the perplexed look on the slim lady's face, the tall man asked,
"Is something wrong?"

"Iie, just trying to recover from meeting my new bondmate," Ayeka
quickly covered her suspicions.

"Ara," Tatsu's tone showed he accepted her half-truth.

The trip back to Tenjyu was uneventful but Ayeka's mind was full of
Ryoko's counsel and the new aspect she had discovered of the man she
was sitting behind.
**********
Chapter Five: They Can't Take That Away From Me
The corridor outside Ayeka's Apartment

It was the later in the day of her journey to Tekko, Ayeka was heading
for her apartment and her mind was so full of consuming thoughts that
it took a clearing of a throat to snap her attention to the person she
just passed by. Whirling around her ruby eyes brought startlement to
her face as she said, "Otousama! I'm so shamed by my rudeness in not
greeting you properly!"

"Ayeka, it is pleasing for me to see you in such good health," a touch
of warmth in Azusa's calm voice as he clasped his strong hands in front
of his body dressed in a dark brown and deep green formal kimono.

"Arigato," relief in Ayeka's one word reply, glad for her father's
tactfulness but then the reason for her temporary blindness came to
the forefront and she asked her long-haired father, "Otousama, do you
know where Akimi-sama is? I went to the palace hospital to talk to him
but Kessho-isha said he had been released because his wounds were
healed."

"Akimi-sama has been given the assignment of being in charge of
security for our ambassador at Zyra Prime," Azusa's tone going neutral,
"I believe he has already left."

"I wish he had left a message to let me . . . " Ayeka's angry response
to the news was cut off by a sudden thought, 'Maybe he was not given
the option to tell me, maybe someone was afraid of what he would tell
me?' During her walk to and from the palace hospital, the slim lady was
rethinking the events of the past three days in accordance with what
Ryoko had suggested and she quickly came to a conclusion, a conclusion
she decided needed confirmation, "Otousama, can I ask you a question?"

For the third time in her life, Ayeka saw sorrow in her father's ruby
eyes before he responded, "Ayeka, let us go to your room, I have a
feeling your question should not be answered where unsealed ears can
hear the answer."

"Hai!" Ayeka was surprised by Azusa's willingness to make time in his
busy schedule for her.

Before they reached the door that was flanked by two guards, Azusa
pressed a hidden button on his collar and then said, "Takeuchi-san,
move my appointments back an hour."

"Hai," a disembodied voice replied.

As the two entered the princess' apartment, Azusa gave the two guards a
hot glare and both of them broke into a sweat as they knew what the
Emperor's unvoiced command meant, 'if one word of what I am telling my
daughter gets out, you both will find yourself at the Hegura Penal
Colony.'

Inside the spacious meeting room decorated with living plants in bloom,
Ayeka properly asked, "Otousama, would you like to sit?"

Azusa gave a nod as he walked forward and sat in a large chair near a
vase of purple lilacs but as Ayeka turned to go to her chair she heard
her father ask, "Yokereba Ayeka (If you like Ayeka), would you sit next
to me?" It was the sadness in his voice that pulled the young woman
around so she could see the barely disguised plea in her father's
scarlet orbs. With obedience born of love Ayeka walked over, sat on the
overstuffed stool that went with Azusa's chair and faced her father.

Looking up into Azusa's bearded face, Ayeka found not the Emperor's
stern face or the position's detached objectivity, instead there were
no barriers to hide the warmth he had for his eldest daughter. With
some trepidation the purple-haired woman placed her left hand on his
right and then asked, "Otousama, are you, okasama and Funaho-okasama
helping Tatsu-sama?"

"So you deduced our aid to him?" Azusa asked.

"With hindsight and a friend's counsel, I saw how a stranger was
allowed to meet me in my garden, how you and okasama made sure we were
together for the Fukuju and how okasama dressed me in the most
practical cloths so Tatsu-sama could take me to Yoko-chan," Ayeka's
tone filled with a hunger for understanding.

"When you told us you were returning to Jurai, I believed you had
outgrown your fascination with Yosho's mago and decided your duty as
Saishono Oujosama Jurai was once more important to you," Azusa slowly
answered as his right hand turned over and gently clasped Ayeka's hand,
"but when you told me how you sacrificed Ryu-oh and most of your ki to
save Hakubi Ryoko, after she had rescued Sasami, I felt only one thing,
pride. After thinking of you as just my musume for seven hundred years,
I found myself instead facing a grown onna, one who knew the value of
the things kept within one's heart, one who no longer kept selfish
thoughts.

"So when Tatsu came to me with a request to seek your hand-in-marriage,
I at first bulked at the idea of invading your privacy for I wanted to
let you live your last days as you saw fit," Azusa's left hand found
its way onto Ayeka's head, "but your okasamas convinced me Tatsu is a
good man, who should be given a chance to fill your life with
happiness."

Ayeka placed her head in his expansive lap and drew comfort from the
stroking of her hair by his hand, then she asked, "Is that why Utsumi-
sama adopted Tatsu-sama, so he would have the status to marry me?"

"In a way, Ayeka," Azusa kept his voice calm, "but even in matters of
the heart, you must remember that I'm the Kotei Jurai (Emperor of
Jurai). Even with kazoku decisions I must take into account what is
necessary for the survival of Jurai. I must keep a clear mind about
your illness just as I do about Sasami's special nature."

Lifting her head from his lap, Ayeka looked up at Azusa with some shame
at keeping such a secret from him but her father only smiled and
carefully squeezed her hand before he continued, "If I had been in the
same position as you, to keep Sasami's ki whole, I would have done the
same thing yet this special nature makes impossible Sasami's marriage
to any of the noble houses of Jurai or any other within our domain."

>From her tutors and experience at the Jurai court Ayeka continued her
father's statement, "Because should you die or retire and oniisama
refuses to take the throne, Sasami as Tsunami would be too powerful
instrument to be given to any power-hungry noble and she would not be
accepted as an unwed kogo (empress)."

"The chance you might find joy with Tatsu and marry him," a thorn of
pain in Azusa's voice, "would also prevent a civil war from consuming
Jurai."

"By making Tatsu-sama your heir should no other option be open to you,"
Ayeka finished her father's words.

"Ayeka, I ask you only to give him a chance to win your ai," Azusa
carefully asked.

"Hai, I will," Ayeka promised as she put her head back in his lap and
her father continued to stroke her silky hair. For uncounted minutes
the two remained in this way, each gained succor from the aura of love
surrounding them.
**********
Ayeka's Bedroom

After her father left, the woman with the wooden tiara upon her head
made her way to her bed, where she reached underneath the pillow to
retrieve a bracelet with a crab-shaped gem in the middle. Ayeka placed
the circlet upon her left wrist, closed the catch and pressed her right
thumb on the red ruby. It took only moments for the red gem to change
its color to blue and just a few more seconds for a transparent laptop
to appear on the light blue-covered mattress.

Again as countless other times, Ayeka was thankful for her parents'
decision to ask Washu to tutor her, Sasami and Tenchi. At first the
little genius wasn't thrilled with the idea of teaching again,
especially since she would be doing it at what she considered to be the
idiot level. But when Seto, Ayeka's grandmother and Washu's daughter by
adoption, added her voice in support of the idea, the redhead gave in.
As it turned out the role of tutor produced an unexpected side effect,
the return of Ryoko as Washu's daughter. Because Tenchi was going to be
in the class with Ayeka, Sasami and Washu, Ryoko automatically decided
she had to be there to make sure none of the other females try anything
with 'her Tenchi'. Of course Washu didn't spare her daughter the
necessity to learn just like the other students. Normally Ryoko is a
lazy thinker, depending on her mother to do the complex science and
inventing but Washu knew better, she remembered Ryoko before Kagato
erased her original personality. Using Ryoko's fear of looking stupid
in front of Tenchi as motivation, Washu carefully used tests,
assignments and readings to reawaken Ryoko's love for engineering. All
the other students showed a quick mind once Washu toned down the techno
gobbledygook: Ayeka displayed a proficiency in computer science, Sasami
showed she was very knowledgeable about biology and Tenchi gave hints
of a liking for mathematics. Then one night a scream woke Washu from
her sleep and brought Tenchi running out of his room and into the lab,
with the rest of the household right behind him. There, the group found
Ryoko standing over her class project, staring at a gash that ran the
length of her right hand and her mouth moving but making no sound.

'Ryoko-chan, what's wrong?' Washu used her link with her daughter as
the redhead took hold of the hand, the wound already knitting close.

"OKACHAN! I REMEMBER!" Ryoko shouted as she scooped Washu into her arms
and hugged the child-woman. Ryoko's tears poured onto Washu's face as
the ample lady repeatedly said, "I remember, I remember, I remember . . . "

It took only the light touch of Washu's mind to Ryoko's to cause the
cyan-woman's tears to be mixed by her mother's salty waters, this was
when Tenchi stepped forward and asked, "Washu-chan, what does Ryoko
remember?"

In a blink-of-a-eye Washu was no longer the woman in a child's body,
instead she was once more a fully-grown adult. Now her arms could
fiercely hug her daughter before she turned to their friends and
answered in joy soaked words, "Five-thousand-years-ago Ryoko-chan cut
her right hand while building her first project for me. Because the
situation was the same now as it was then, it triggered a massive
information retrieval to occur."

"I thought you said Kagato-san erased Ryoko-san's memory before she was
an uchu kaizoku?" Ayeka inquired as she came forward to stand next to
Tenchi.

"Just as on a floppy disk, a compact disk or a memory crystal, the
chemical footprints we call memory can be suppressed, written over or
destroyed by physical damage but Ryoko-chan's regenerative ability
prevented permanent loss," a triumphant fire in Washu's green eyes, "it
took a simple accident to give me my MUSUME again!"

As a sign of gratitude for helping in Ryoko's recovery, Washu gave each
of her students, including Ryoko, a platinum bracelet with a crab-
shaped ruby gem in the middle of it. The little scientist told them
that by placing it on their wrist and putting their right thumb on the
crab, it would give them access to a transparent laptop just like hers.
The see-though terminal would give the user admittance to a special
partitioned area in Washu's mainframe as well as a set of programs.

After the Washu's OS logo disappeared to be replaced with a wallpaper
picture of her family on Earth, Ayeka busily typed in the commands
needed to give her the information necessary to start her quest. It
took only a slip of the tea she kept on bed's nightstand for the first
part of the information to appeared, Tatsu's record from the Kishi
Jurai. The Kishi Jurai was an organization under Misaki's control but
it supplied not only personnel for bodyguards, it also was the manpower
source for Funaho's department. Since Tatsu was of royal blood, the
Kishi Jurai would have a record of them protecting him whenever
possible. The first part gave his name (Kamiki Tatsu a.k.a. Kubiha
Tatsu), date-of-birth, his mother's name (Kamiki Seto), his father's
name (Nami Yukio), blood type (AB) and occupation (Ongakukashu). The
history the slim lady read confirmed what Tatsu said about himself
except for one critical part the man hadn't mentioned, thirty-four
years before Ryoko's attack on Jurai, Tatsu saved a badly wounded Azusa
and a helpless Funaho from the before mentioned uchu kaizoku. A small
smile appeared on Ayeka's face as she thought, 'So that is why Funaho-
okasama kissed Tatsu-sama on the cheek.'

The next part of the history made the purple-haired woman suspicious,
for the next seven-hundred-years there was nothing on Tatsu until he
reappeared eight weeks ago, when his wreaked spaceship was discovered
by Funaho and Misaki, on a Class M planet in a previously uncharted
system. 'Why nothing on Tatsu-sama for seven-hundred-years and then my
okasamas rescue him while following the same course I used to reach
Jurai,' Ayeka wondered.

With determination Ayeka decided her next action was to hack into
Seto's personal computer. After successfully getting through the
safeguards and firewalls, her ruby eyes locked on the information she
had feared she would find there, a file containing letters of regret
for the honorable death of her grandmother's son, Kubiha Tatsu. From
the different sorrowful notes Ayeka pieced together how Seto's son
died, Ryoko had killed him but the long battle allowed Azusa's Space
Treeship, Kirito, to take her father and Funaho to Jurai. This
information brought a new insight into Ayeka mind, 'Ryoko-san didn't
react when she saw Tatsu through my eyes, even though she killed him,'
she knew Ryoko did take pride in being a legendary uchu kaizoku but
harbored deep guilt within her psyche of the people she slaughtered.

As Ayeka touched the ruby crab to shut down the laptop, her mind went
over the clues with increased calm. It was obvious to the princess that
her family here on Jurai had carefully planned this little operation,
may have involved her extended family on Earth but the reasons seemed
many. As she changed her clothes to a more nondescript fashion, the
princess thought of her family's reasons: Azusa clearly showed he had
to plan with hardhearted practicality for what would happen when his
daughter died, Misaki and Funaho wanted her to be happy in her last
days, Sasami wanted her sister back and Ryoko hinted the rest of her
earthbound friends wanted the same thing. Ayeka made a quick check with
her bedroom mirror to make sure her disguise was good enough, including
the removal of all her makeup. The purple-haired woman's spirit sank a
little when saw how her color of her eyes and lips made her face look
even more ghostly white. Then a ramrod determination put fire in her
ruby orbs as she thought, 'I must not let my vanity to stop me, I must
discover Tatsu's nature and not only for my own desire.'

Coming out of the bedroom Ayeka suddenly came to a dead stop for before
her sat the last person she was thinking of, Seto. "Gomen nasai,
Obasama, I didn't hear the guards announce your admittance," surprise
very visible in Ayeka's words and face.

The corners of Seto's lips lifted up into a flinty smile and she stood
up while saying, "That is because I came in by other means."

Ayeka gave an instinctive glance at the living room's open window,
before mentally berating herself for forgetting that Seto, Misaki and
Sasami used Tenjyu's bark and limbs to make secret visits. Putting on a
pleasant smile Ayeka asked, "This is a happy occasion, I have not had a
chance to meet you since my return to Jurai. Would you like some ocha?"

Ayeka could see her grandmother's cherry-colored eyes give her the once
over before answering, "From your green hooded cloak and plain brown
dress, I would say we have little time for ocha, ne?"

Only Ayeka's hood prevented Seto from seeing the paleness of young
princess' face, when she realized her garb gave away her intentions,
but it was Seto's next question that stopped her attempt at a witty
reply, "Ayeka-dono, did you find the answers you were seeking when you
invaded my personal computer?"

"Nanto . . . " Ayeka started to ask.

"Ayeka-dono, you forget I lived with Washu-chan for many years," Seto
walked over so she stood within arms' reach of the princess, who's face
had the look of a child caught with her hand-in-the-cookie-jar.

Aware deception or white lies wouldn't work with her grandmother Ayeka
decided to lay her cards on the table, "The man who others call your
musuko is actually someone under false gilding."

Closing her eyes didn't stop the pain from showing on the tall lady's
face as she replied, "Tatsu-dono would have been honored to have this
man carry his name."

Accepting Seto's sorrow, Ayeka was somewhat taken aback by her
grandmother's tone of acceptance. With some perplexity Ayeka asked,
"But he isn't your true musuko?"

"For me, for Jurai," the blue-haired woman opened her eyes as certainty
filled her voice, "he is my musuko."

These words made Ayeka wonder within her mind, 'Does obasama miss her
musuko so much she would accept another to bring him to life or is
there another reason?'

Ayeka was brought out of her silent musings when Seto asked, "Ayeka-
dono, I would like you to do something for me."

Noting the thread of affection in her grandmother's voice, Ayeka put
love in her reply, "If it is within my power, obasama."

"For your own sake, Ayeka-dono, could you give Tatsu-dono a chance,"
Seto thoughtfully asked.

"A chance for what?" Ayeka's reply showed that the woman in the dusty
blue kimono confused her.

Seto placed her right hand on Ayeka's left shoulder before saying with
tender words, "A chance to make you happy."

Again taken aback by Seto's directness, Ayeka fumbled out, "even . . .
after reading . . . the file on him . . . I know only a little about
his true character."

"But you going to change that wa?" gentleness in Seto's question.

"The Kishi Jurai report said he has been performing at the Aka Dokutsu,
a club in the city," Ayeka admitted.

"So you plan to watch him without him knowing about it wa yo," Seto
gently probed as she lifted her hand from Ayeka's shoulder.

"I want to know if the gentleness I see in him and affection I feel for
him," Ayeka words full of emotion, "is not my projection of oniisama or
Tenchi-sama upon him, clouding my sight of his true nature."

"Then we better leave, Ayeka-dono," Seto suggested as she walked toward
the window.

"Ara?" Ayeka's purple eyebrows went up at what Seto's movement seemed
too indicate.

"Ayeka-dono, you won't be conspicuous with Misaki-dono's men following
you everywhere ne," mischief in Seto's wise words.

Ayeka quickly caught up with her grandmother but hesitated as she
leaned out a little to see the distance they would have to scale to
reach the ground. With a little fear Ayeka said, "Obasama, I don't know
if I can do this, the sun has already set so it will be dark by the
time we are halfway down."

"Don't worry, oujo-chan," Seto took hold of Ayeka's left hand with her
right and gave a comforting squeeze, "I will go first so I can guide
your feet to the right footholds."

"But I could suffer a sudden attack . . . " Ayeka wanted so much to do
this but feared her weakened condition.

"Then we will do this a special way," Seto countered with a sparkling
voice as she bent her long legs, "I'll carry you down, piggyback."

"Obasama, are you sure?" a genuine concern in Ayeka's words.

"Upon my flesh and bones I have carried Misaki-chan, Azusa-chan,
Sasami-chan and you, oujo-chan, it is a weight I would gladly bear,"
Seto countered. Noting the tone of unconditional love in her
grandmother's words, Ayeka climbed onto the tall lady's back, wrapping
her legs around the woman's board hips and locking her hands over the
still firm breasts.

Looking neither up nor down Ayeka kept her eyes upon Seto's blue hair
but her guarded trust was replaced with awe when her ears filled with a
little ditty being hummed by her carrier. Even with the load upon her
back, Seto showed a goat's grace with each downward step and handhold.
As they reached the middle of Tenjyu, Ayeka tensed body relaxed as
Seto's cheerfulness washed away all of her childish doubts, by the time
Jurai's first moon crested upon the night's horizon, they were down.
**********
Tree City

With Seto's aid it was a breeze for Ayeka to leave the Tenjyu's grounds
undetected, but now she had to navigate the tree city unaided for even
with her hooded cloak and her purple hair in a bun, the princess feared
her tiara would give her presence away. A further complication was the
crowded nature of the walkways in the city. Whenever she visited the
cities on Earth or Jurai, the slim lady had someone as a guide but the
personal nature of her quest made this option unusable. So for better
part of an hour, Ayeka wandered about before her increasingly fear of
failure overwhelmed her fear of being discovered. Carefully looking at
the passing people, the ruby-eyed woman selected a man carrying a
Jurain ten-finger flute.

Holding her right hand up to catch the blond-haired man attention,
Ayeka cautiously asked, "Onegai shimasu, could you tell me where the
Aka Dokutsu is?"

The man with a couple of days worth of stubble on his face gave Ayeka a
civil smile before doing a half-turn and point with his instrument at
the huge tree he was walking from, "On the third floor, next to the Aoi
Ai."

"Go . . . Goshinsetsu o makoto ni arigato (Thank you very much for your
kindness)," Ayeka's autopilot politeness kicked in to overcome her
wide-eyed shock.

Misinterpreting the young woman's reaction as nervousness, the green-
eyed man gave the princess a toothy smile as he said, "Goseiko o
(Good Luck) on your first night!"

"But . . . but . . . " Ayeka sputtered out but the man had already
walked away from her.

Indecision weighed down Ayeka's frame as she stared at the entrance,
she knew such places existed even on such a perfect planet as Jurai but
she never thought her journey for truth would take her to such a place.
With purpose and properness warring within her mind it was then she
heard a snicker from the back of her mind. This unvoiced sound created
an instant response, Ayeka pulled herself to full stature, girdled her
courage and headed on strong steps for the tree's entrance. Unnoticed
by the slim lady, the man who answered her question had stopped to
watch her from a distance, when he saw her decisive steps he said to
himself, "Shinjare'kka yo (Man! Unbelievable)! A shinkai (virgin) at
her age!"

Upon entering the tree, Ayeka glanced at the directory on the wall to
make sure the Aka Dokutsu was on the third floor. It was. With ramrod
purpose the cloaked figure made her way to the teleport pad. Stepping
onto the device she thought of her destination and was transported to
the pad on that floor. Following the numbers above each door, it didn't
take long to find the club although the well-groomed men, in very
formal Jurain kimonos, standing in front of the entrances to both the
Aka Dokutsu and the Aoi Ai were one of many clues, the princess also
noted the oblique static fields over the openings preventing snoopy
people from seeing the clientele.

With head down to hid her face, Ayeka tried to go by the single guard
at the Aka Dokutsu's entry but the tall man put his meaty hand in front
of her face and then said, "Gomen, only members are allowed through
here. If you're an employee, you must go into the Aoi Ai first and use
the linking access."

Ayeka jerked her head left and up to look at the man with stormy eyes
but she bit her tongue to stop herself from declaring her authority,
instead her left hand touched the palm in front of her face and with a
little slight-of-hand, a Jurain 10,000 yen note appeared between her
index and middle fingers while she said at a volume that the guard at
the other door couldn't hear, "Can I get an unsigned membership card
with this?"

The guard whistled under his breath then his callused hand closed over
the currency note and he gave Ayeka a neutral toned, "Ee."

Ayeka took only a few shocked steps after going through the static
field, before the club's sight, the smell and the sound stopped her
cold at the welcoming desk. The music coming from the club's sound
system hurt her ears with its loud aggressiveness, the odorous mix of
powerful pheromone perfumes crinkled her nose and the two-by-three
blackboard behind the long bar on the room's left side, with prices
next to words, brought blood to her face because although the princess
couldn't specify what horse riding, a handy-pandy special or skin lip
was, she did recognize the term, white-lily-in-the-valley. Mihoshi told
her Washu once offered to do it for Tenchi and the blond woman gave her
a police description of the act. The expansive room was dominated by
two things, the already mentioned bar and an elevated forty-foot
circular stage in the middle. The stage had musical instruments at the
small section of the circle, which allowed everyone a clear view when a
performer was using the stage. Tables and seats formed three circles
around the stage, the first two ovals were made of small tripod tables
with four chair-like stools around each of them while the last circle
was of freestanding booths with heavy tables covered with cherry red
tablecloths. Except for the wall taken up by the bar, the other walls
were lined with intimate booths with the right one having a hallway
entrance in the middle of it, a sign over the doorway's top, Ai Aoi.

Just as Ayeka started to recover from the initial assault on her
psyche, a new discovery dropped her jaw, the waitresses. The waitresses
were from the various races of the Milky Way and beyond, yet each was a
match for what Juraijin culture considered beautiful, with all the
correct feminine bumps and features. The eyes or skins or hairs did not
paralyze the princess' mind, instead the costumes held her vision.
Unlike the upscale karaoke clubs and bars her extended family on Earth
went to, where the waitresses wore conservative uniforms, what she saw
here shocked her sensibility. She saw one woman, made to look like
Misaki, sitting at the bar seductively licking her male customer's left
ear while her left hand massaged a growing bulge in his pants. Another
woman of mature years wore the image of Seto as she slipped underneath
a table she shared with a man of the same age, only seconds pass before
carnal hunger owned his features with only the ground touching
tablecloth preventing others from seeing her experienced mouth in
action. This wasn't true of the Funaho lookalike with her royal kimono
lifted up so her exposed thighs could grasp the seated young male's
manhood, a sweaty lock of her pale green hair had slipped out from
under the black wig she wore as her small feet rhythmically lifted her
body up and down. These three acts caught Ayeka's attention yet there
were other waitresses dressed as Kishi Jurai, Galaxy Policewomen and
other symbols of authority, their clothing slightly modified from the
original so easy access could be gained by hand, tongue, fleshy pole or
foreign objects to the women's most private parts. The less adventurers
men and women in the club offered shouts of encouragement to the
already mentioned couples, as well a few others scattered about the
spacious room, or gave teasing hoots to blushing customers of both
genders as their selection led them to a private booth or down the
hallway to the Aoi Ai for a more long-lasting session.

The steel in Ayeka's mettle melted from the sexual heat her ruby eyes
saw and it took a voice from her left to stop her from bolting for the
exit, "Konbanwa, may I help you?"

Turning in that direction, Ayeka found herself staring at her mirror
image, ruby eyes with a halo of purple hair properly split into twin
ponytails and a slim body dressed in the most beautiful black Jurain
kimono embroidered with images of white doves. In those mirror eyes
Ayeka didn't find wickedness or dull soullessness instead there was the
sweetness of happiness. It was this goodness that shored up Ayeka's
spirit. Taking Ayeka's silence for shyness, the young woman behind the
welcoming counter asked, "Are you waiting for someone?"

Ayeka gave a silent nod.

"Then why don't you rent one of our private booths?" the woman gave
Ayeka a honey smile.

Again Ayeka gave a silent nod as she held out a large Jurain currency
note, she didn't want any part of her voice to hurt this kind lady's
feelings.

"Did you want to leave your cloak here?" a syrupy tone to the
look-a-like's voice as the green bill was delicately plucked from the
princess' fingers.

Ayeka gave a negative shake of her head for she didn't want her tiara
to reveal her identity.

"Ii ne," more than ever the checkout girl was sure she knew the nature
of the cat holding the hooded woman's tongue, then her eyes looked
beyond Ayeka as she called out, "Yui . . . eh . . . Ryoko-san, could
you take . . . " the woman paused so Ayeka could give a name.

Using her renewed spirit, Ayeka barely said above the loud music, "I'm
Ayame."

Giving the princess a soft smile, the Ayeka look-a-like refocused on
something beyond the princess and again shouted, "Ryoko-san, can you
take Ayame-san to a private booth?"

Ayeka's eyes went wide as she finally picked up on the name her double
used and she turned just as her ears heard the answer coming from
behind her, "Of course, Ayeka-san."

Ayeka's vision found a tall body with amber eyes crowned by cyan hair,
white fangs upon red lips and catlike ears bookend a sharp featured
face but the slim lady's lips quivered with withheld laughter as a
manly-womanish voice said, "This way, Ayame-san."

The young woman watched the two figures leave but her mind quickly
locked upon the proper posture of the cloaked lady's walk. She pressed
a button on counter and then said, "Akuma-chan, I think someone very
special just came in."

"I'll be there in a moment," a girlish voice came over the young
woman's camouflaged earphone.

Following the transvestite, Ayeka couldn't keep a Cheshire Cat's grin
from her face as she felt Ryoko's scream of indignation followed by,
'I'll rip me off of him! I'll really ragiri (penis cut) that he into a
she!"

'But Ryoko-san, the ryosei (both sexes) looks just like you wa yo!'
mirth in Ayeka's mental statement.

'Just as yours does!' Ryoko countered.

'Indeed, the shojo does,' calmness in Ayeka's return.

'It doesn't bother you?' puzzlement in Ryoko's words.

'The ojosan was nice to me,' pride found a home in Ayeka's explanation,
'she showed a regalness in bearing my image.'

'Dewa, I'm out of here!' Ryoko let out and before Ayeka could ask her
bondmate to stay, she heard someone noisily clear his or her throat.

Ayeka refocused her sight on the drag queen, whose head nodded at the
empty booth next to them before saying, "Ayame-san, will this do?"

"Ee," Ayeka kept her answer short so her amusement at Ryoko's
irritation wouldn't confuse him. She found the booth spacious with a
small bolted table surrounded by a deep circular couch with
multicolored pillows.

Ayeka took a step to the entrance but hesitated for a second as she
remembered who was next to her. Like he was reading her mind, the
womanish man said, "Don't worry Ayame-san, only when you're ready and
you've chosen a partner, will you be serviced the way you want it in
total privacy," then he showed her the control board on the inside wall
of the booth, "this controls the obliqueness, one-way vision and
soundproofing of the static field at the booth's entrance."

Again Ayeka reminded herself of the nature of her journey to this place
as she moved around the booth's table and sat in the middle of what she
found was a very soft coach. When she looked up at the Ryoko double, he
asked, "Can I get you something to drink?"

"Do you have sake?" Ayeka hopefully asked, the last time she had any
sake was months ago, when Ryoko found her staring out at the lake near
the Masaki home, her mind imprisoned by a black depression as she
remembered the events of seven-hundred-years ago. The cyan-haired woman
took the purple-haired lady to the floating onsen where both got drunk.
In the end, the princess shattered the bars of her cell and her new
friend tenderly hugged her shaking body while words, about an
unremitting search for unrequited love, matched her teardrops.

"Expensive but we have only the best here," the waitress answered with
a grin then added, "Chilled or heated?"

"Heated," in a few minutes with a saucer cup in her right hand and a
small ceramic bottle before her, the princess gave a pleasant sigh as
the liquid warmed both her body and her spirit.

Ayeka's right hand set the static field to one-way and allowed the sake
to relax her as she surveyed the coming and going of waitresses,
clients and barflies. The musicians had come on stage and were tuning
their instruments when the princess' roaming orbs noted two odd groups,
anywhere else they would have gone unnoticed but here they stuck out
like a sore thumb.

One group was sitting together at two of the small tables in the first
ring. Dressed in clothes that spoke of a middle-class upbringing, the
four young men and four young women carried laughter in their eyes,
gave friendly shoves at teasing words and poured drinks for each other.
To Ayeka these youths were most likely students from one of the
academies, maybe even from the Galaxy Academy.

This joyful atmosphere the young ones were immense in was a total
opposite to the icy ire surrounding the other group. Seated at one of
the freestanding booths, the young men in highborn regalia showed their
emotional state with shifting eyes, flexing fingers and the deathly
stares they gave the waitresses while nursing their drinks. What
bothered Ayeka a lot was the older youth among them, obviously their
leader due to the way the others looked at him and nodded at his every
utterance, because he looked familiar.

Satisfied with her scan of the room and not caring to practice any
voyeurism, Ayeka changed the setting of the static field to solid but
didn't make it soundproof, so she would know when Tatsu came on stage.
Ayeka downed another shot of sake with her head tilted up so she only
heard someone pass through the static field and then asked the princess
with a light sweet voice, "Ayame-sama, I hope you are enjoying
yourself?"

As Ayeka's lowered cup revealed a face just above the rim, the princess
gagged and spattered as sake went up her nose. With gapping mouth
astonishment, Ayeka choked out, "Sa . . . Sasami!"

"Yatta (Cool!)!" glee came from the lips of the young girl with blue
hair and pink eyes, "I've never gotten this kind reaction from anyone
before."

The young one's voice of puberty jarred Ayeka's critical mind into
action as it sized up the sight before her. Yes, the female before the
princess was short, even close to Sasami's size, but her eyes were a
darker pink than her sister's, suggesting contact lens-covered irises
of a different shade. Furthermore her clothing was a smaller version of
a woman's kimono instead of a child's kimono. While this knowledge did
bring relief to Ayeka's stunned mind, it also brought hot words from
her lips, "OJOSAN, you might find this FUNNY but I for one find someone
of your tender years in this place and in that COSTUME very
disgusting!"

The humor in the Sasami look-a-like was instantly replaced with wounded
pride as she shot back, "Shukujo (noblewoman), I'm not a chibi nor do I
have a shinkai (virgin shell)."

"I find it hard to believe you could be more than twelve," Ayeka's
righteousness very evident in her tone, "thirteen at the most."

The little woman stepped around the table and placed her left hand on
top of Ayeka's right hand while saying with certainty, "I might not
have okii chichi (big tits) like you, shukujo, but I do have karasugai
(very dense pubic hair)," then an unsettling glint entered her cotton
candy orbs as she moved the princess' hand toward her, "Would you like
to make sure by touching my asoke (pussy), feel my thing?"

Ayeka jerked her hand from the short one's grip with loathing plain on
her face and in her words, "You are an akurei!"

"Iie, shukujo, I'm Akuma Mayko," the blue-haired woman said with a
perverted grin as she gave Ayeka a deep bow and promptly banged her
head on the edge of the table.

"Eeee . . ." a painful cry came from Mayko's lips as she dropped upon
the coach next to Ayeka, her perfect hands holding her blue-haired
head.

The blow from the table showed to Ayeka that golden hair existed
underneath the young woman's wig. Unable not to feel some sympathy for
the person next to her, the princess said, "I don't see why you must
wear such disgraceful attire, especially since the spin gold you have
for hair is much more beautiful."

The sobs stopped as hands dropped to reveal inhabited gaiety dancing in
the youth's eyes as Mayko said, "But my clients have a naku (howl) at
the sight of an oujosama going down on their kyuri (cucumber)."

The young woman's enthusiasm clicked in Ayeka's mind why this little
one loved what she did, it was a game to her. With careful words the
slim princess said, "Don't you think it is wrong to look like a kodomo
just to fulfil some kochikan's horrible fantasy?"

"Isn't it wrong to murder children who have no kazoku, no father, no
mother," Mayko countered with old pain making her face cold, "children
who must live in sewers to avoid the death squads and eat from garbage
dumps while priests praise from gold studded churches?" Ayeka's heart
was ripped as she heard the awful hate in the little one's tone as she
continued, "I was lucky, a woman of your world stopped an aobuta (blue
pig officer) from caving in my skull. She offered this life to me and I
didn't question it, not for a moment," then her eyes filled with raw
certainty, "This is heaven, where I wear Jurain silk upon my body, eat
wonderful food and sleep in soft beds."

"But this will not last forever," Ayeka felt the suffering of the short
woman next to her.

"Don't worry, Ayame-san," Mayko winked at her, "I have the most prized
kemomo (hair peach) in all of Jurai and every man and a few women want
to nibble it and feel its juices running down their chin," then the
lightness of her tone became serious, "I'm saving as much of my money
as possible for I have plans," a deadly look filled her face.

Ayeka opened her mouth to ask another question but her train-of-thought
be interrupted by a high-pitched, male voice coming over the speakers,
"Konbanwa, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Aka Dokutsu, where all
cares are left at the door and all fantasies come true."

"That's Haiiro-san giving his opening monologue," a bored look on
Mayko's face matched her tone, "ever since he saw Cabaret on JC11, he
gets all dressed up in black, paints his face white and has us call
him, Haiiro-san, such a stupid name."

"In this place you will find the megami of pleasure has bestowed our
angels with the most heavenly bodies which will lift you on wings to
nirvana," a seductive tone in the mannish voice, "and each of them will
remember your name just like it was their first time."

A few barks of laughter came from the audience.

"And each of our angels is of perfect virtue," a playfulness to his
words, "each able to bring beauty to their pillow talk and each able to
touch the sky with their carnal song."

More voices joined the laughter.

"You don't believe me?" a note of shock in the voice, "You don't accept
my word?"

The laughter became stronger.

"Then ask them!" a daring tone in the words before the voice gave a
wicked laugh.

"Arigatai (Thank goodness), that's over with!" a bitchy tone to Mayko's
words.

"I sort of liked it," then Ayeka quickly added when the youth looked
cross-eyed at her, "In a perverse way."

"Not after you hear it day after day after day," bluntness in Mayko's
voice, "the only reason he's up there is because the customers like
him," then the short woman's words gained a hopeful tone, "at least
he's a good opener for Tatsu-san."

Hearing Mayko use Tatsu's first name instead of his surname, Ayeka
asked with interest, "You know Ka . . . eh . . . Kubiha-san?"

"Ee!" pleasure in Mayko's response, she then turned the static field
control to one-way before asking, "You see the crowd out there?"

"Hai," Ayeka's ruby eyes saw there were many more out there than when
she first came in.

"Before Tatsu-san came two weeks ago, the people came to get drunk,
watch us shake our ketsu on the stage and/or get laid," Mayko's voice
matched the youthful enthusiasm her body showed, "Now they come to
listen to his singing as well as all the above."

"I see," Ayeka noticed that part of the crowd was made up of girls as
young as Mayko, the princess didn't like that.

"In fact, some of my friends here are whining about their chitsu
(vagina) is hurting from getting too much action," mirth in Mayko's
voice, "since he came."

"NANI!" Ayeka face just inches from Mayko's, with daggers in her ruby
eyes.

"From the new customers," wide-eyed fright in Mayko's face.

"Oi," Ayeka said in a small voice, the slim lady realized she
overreacted.

Now it was Mayko's turn to stick her face right under Ayeka's nose and
she spotted the princess' tiara that Ayeka tried to hide under her
purple bangs. With pink eyes full of knowing, the short woman shouted,
"Ne ne! You're the one!"

"The one?" Ayeka's pretense at ignorance caused her answer to sound
hollow.

"His kore (girlfriend), baka wa!" Mayko countered as she made a fist
with her right hand and raised her little pinkie with its nail facing
Ayeka.

"Ara . . . eh . . . dewa . . . " Ayeka sputtered in indecision with
forehead wet with sweat.

"You know every shojo here has made a play for him," Mayko went dreamy
eyed with clasped hands beside her right cheek, "to have such a iro
otoko (sexy man) holding me, kissing me, loving me," the short woman
gave a slow sigh before she continued, "But he said a kindly no to me
and the others. A tachiyaku (masculine homosexual), who hangs out here,
even tried but he got even a more negative answer, punctuated by an aza
(a black eye)."

Sweat had gone from forehead to chin as Ayeka bit her lip as she
realized she was part of this club's rumor mill.

"Then three days ago those students started to come in," Mayko pointed
at the group of young men and young women Ayeka had spotted earlier,
"they said they were here to hear Tatsu-san's music but one of the
waitresses overheard that tall shojo, with the long chestnut hair, talk
about checking out the Saishono Oujosama Jurai's new raba (lover)."

Ayeka's eyes reached planet size at the implications of Mayko's
statement made but before she could push out her denial, the blue-
haired woman continued, "For the last two years we heard the oujosama
and her kawaii imoto were staying on Earth with a shonen she daisuki,"
then Mayko eyes gained a knowing look as she locked Ayeka's gaze into
hers, "but something happened and now you're back on Jurai, the owner
of Tatsu-san's kokoro."

"But . . . but . . . it's . . . not . . ." Ayeka's fumbled words are
stopped by a roar of voices as limelight focused on a figure appearing
from behind the musicians on the stage. Ayeka's mouth clicked shut as
her cheeks went bright scarlet at the glittering chains against the
background of a total black, short sleeved jumpsuit Tatsu was wearing.
To a non-Jurain the chains running from the neck-collar to his black
fingerless gloves and the chain belt around his waist would mask what
every Jurain in the house could see, the little silvery chains upon his
wrists. To every noble house within the empire of Jurai, Tatsu was
proclaiming himself a noblewoman's man. 'The red bands he wore when he
was with me was to hide the pale markings the chains would leave,'
Ayeka's revelation filled her mind, 'Ryoko was right, he loves me and
only me.'

With a small mike attached to his black-haired head, Tatsu reached the
middle of the stage when the long-haired woman with the students stood
up and walked to the edge of the elevated platform. Seeing the tall
lady approaching, the green-eyed man walked to the same place and
crouched down. A spark of jealousy lit up the princess' ruby eyes at
the friendly smile the man gave the woman but it quickly turned to
complete surprise when his eyes lifted up to stare straight at where
the cloaked booth hid the hooded princess, at her side she heard Mayko
let out a snicker before saying, "It looks like your disguise didn't
fool anyone."

With Ayeka's mouth silenced by the eyes that never left hers, Tatsu
stepped slowly back to the middle of the round dais before his hand
touched the mike and his words full of affection came out of the
speakers, "Konbanwa, everyone. Tonight is special for me because the
kami, who spin, measure and cut my thread of life have decided to weave
it with another string so there will be color in my gray existence. So
tonight I will sing a song I've written with my ki and give it to the
one I want to be together with, for all my future days."

"Uaa! He's going to sing to you!" Mayko's words fat with romantic
notions.

The musician with the ratty mustache strummed a stringed instrument
that produced deep sounds like a mandolin as Ayeka watched Tatsu closed
his eyes and relaxed his frame. After the drummer used a whisk to add a
soft sandy sound to the tune, Tatsu's voice came in:

My eyes looked at days past,
Remembered the caterpillar you were,
The little smile you would give me,
The cheeks with love's bluish,
But with dainty hands left unfilled,
Due to the shell of protocol.

Some call you princess,
Some call you highness,
They only see the caterpillar.

I've heard the quiet sobs,
I've seen the silent tears,
I want to kiss your face dry,
I want to hold you tight,
So I can heal your broken heart.

Some call you princess,
Some call you highness,
They only see the caterpillar,
But I've seen your purple wings.

Upon the fields of Troy,
You walked in terrible majesty,
But you gave life instead of death,
All in the name of love.

Some call you princess,
Some call you highness,
They only see the caterpillar,
But I've seen your purple wings,
Unfold from your broken shell.

When darkness filled your sight,
When the void robbed you of feeling,
When the ashes are your only food,
Your soul will be with mine,
You won't be alone.

Some call you princess,
Some call you highness,
They only see the caterpillar,
But I've seen your purple wings,
Unfold from your broken shell,
Lifting you up into the sunny sky.

Ayeka's mind was trapped by the romantic passion she heard in Tatsu's
words, her heart caught in the love she saw in his green eyes. Mayko
looked first at Ayeka then at Tatsu and back to Ayeka before sighing
with adoration, "Mechakucha gu (Fucked-up good)!"

Mayko's comment jarred Ayeka out of her trance and she gave the little
one an inquisitive look but before any words could be exchanged, a
movement grabbed her vision. The princess looked beyond the booth to
see Tatsu no longer on the stage, instead he was making his way to her.
At about halfway to her Ayeka noticed Tatsu's head turn to his right
and by following his line-of-sight, she found the group of nine young
noblemen, she had spotted earlier, was on an interception course with
him. Tatsu continued his walk to the princess but found the last few
yards blocked by the stony youths.

"Teme (Yo Asshole)!" one of the youth to Tatsu's right growled,
"Datoyari-sama would like a word with you."

Ayeka could tell Tatsu didn't like the way he was addressed by the
youth but he patiently turned to face the young man, who Ayeka had
deduced to be their leader, but before the red-eyed man could say
anything, Tatsu said, "If this is about me becoming Kotei Jurai, I will
help my okasama as a musuko should," then he glanced in Ayeka's
direction while adding, "and to find someone to share my life with."

Taken aback by Tatsu's directness, the one identified as Datoyari said
with chilled words, "I have no objections to you being Ayeka-oujosama's
koibito nor your marriage to her. You see, many of us no longer see her
as Saishono Oujosama Jurai, so great has she been corrupted by the
heresy of non-Juraijin ways, which was allowed by already polluted
ryoshin."

"I find such words coming from uchu kaizoku stock to be amusing," Tatsu
gave a very unfriendly smile to Datoyari as he sidestepped around the
group but kept facing them.

"That blood has been filtered pure from our veins and the vestiges of
that past will be purified from Jurai na," Datoyari eyes flashed with
fanaticism.

"I would be carefully of speaking the words of revolution," Tatsu words
took on warning tone, "Tsunami-megami still protects the Oken Kazoku
Jurai."

"Tsunami-megami is a myth created by superstitious primitives to
explain the Ko-Oh-Yoku (Lighthawk Wings)," contemptuous tone in the
younger man's words.

"If you say so," Tatsu took a tone used by parents on unruly children,
"Just remember the wave of change can't be controlled once it is
unleashed."

"Oi, we don't plan to rid Jurai of the Oken Kazoku," Datoyari slyly
said, "just subjugate it."

"Then I hope you will earn a star," venom in Tatsu's declaration,
"You'll have stiff competition from the dozens of other noble
plotters."

As Tatsu started to turn his back on the group so he could continue his
journey, Datoyari wickedly said, "Ara, but mine has the best chance of
success for while Ayeka-oujosama is beyond redemption, Sasami-oujosama
is not."

Tatsu frozen in his tracks, slowly turned toward Datoyari before saying
with a low tone, "Nani?"

Seeing he had finally scored a hit, the floppy youth in a bright yellow
and even brighter green men's kimono ignored the menace in Tatsu's
voice, stepped beyond his friends to continue his insidious words,
"Such a kodomo as Sasami-oujosama may have picked up some bad habits
from Ayeka-oujosama but such layers of impurity can be ripped . . . "
The youth with long green hair was unable to finish his statement for
in an instant his feet were no longer firmly on the ground, instead
they were dancing on air with the rest of Datoyari's body, hoisted up
by Tatsu's right-hand grip on the youth's neck.

"You touch Sasami-chan and no rock you will crawl under shall save
you," a violent death was promised in Tatsu's voice and then with a
little flex of his right arm he tossed the young nobleman into the
booth where the group came from, "now take your yakichi (dwarfs) and
leave my sight."

During this time, Tatsu's mike broadcast the words exchanged between
him and the youths with a very predictable result occurring, Ayeka was
getting mad. With each slur to her and her loved ones, with every
treasonous word, the fire behind her eyes burned ever brighter. Mayko
saw the purple fire in Ayeka's face and she sneered at the fallen
nobleman with relish, "I hope you like things hot."

When Datoyari's companions rushed to their fallen leader, they found
him storming back onto his feet and he reached underneath his obi for a
cylinder object with his friends aping him. That was the last straw for
Ayeka for without a lost moment, Ayeka's tiara burst into a bluish-
white light while she shouted, "IIE WA YO (NO!)!"

Gasps of surprise matched shocked faces as every lightsabre and pistol
found a home on the room's red ceiling. The sight of helplessness on
Datoyari companions' faces brought awe to Mayko's voice,
"Aaaa (Ohhh) . . . "

With red anger in his eyes, Datoyari snarled, "We don't need our
lightsabre to teach this upstart what his real place is on Jurai."

Fiendish smugness filled Datoyari companions' faces at the prospect of
a nine-to-one fight but this was short-lived as they beheld the
students get up from their chairs and step next to Tatsu. A student
with white hair, who looked like he went to the same barber as Ryoko,
cracked his knuckles as he said with eagerness, "I haven't kicked a
noble's ketsu in a while, so let's add our hands to this fight,
Li-chan."

"Of course, anata," the tall woman gave a snuggles reply to the short
man as she took up a battle stance next to him, her hair pilled
underneath the woven red-and-black checkerboard hat, although loose
strands of brown stuck out here and there, then she called over her
shoulder, "How about you, Ach-chan?"

The man with the buzz-sawed haircut and tailored red suit gave a frosty
smile as he said, "Nothing would please me more than to defend the
honor of the oujosama. I'm sure Le-chan and Jaf-chan would agree with
me."

A young dishwater blond woman in a pea green miniskirt gave a silent
nod while the redheaded man, whose hand she was holding, gave a
confident smile before saying in a dramatic voice, "Let's get
dangerous."

"Six versus nine is still a little uneven," A man with blackness as his
features appeared next to Li, "I hope you don't mind if I join you,
Li-chan."

"You are always welcomed, Horo-chan," huggles in Li's warm words which
earned the newcomer a glare from the wild-haired man.

"I would suggest you don't interfere in your betters' business,"
Datoyari's words to the students were full of contempt.

"This ketsu-nuke jan thinks he has a teppo (gun) in his pants," Jaf's
tone showed he didn't like Datoyari's words.

"When he only has an ikibari (a lively needle)," Le-chan finished for
her mate as they both stood next to Ach.

Hearing the last comment, Datoyari let out a roar and charged forward
with his men right behind him. The action unglued Tatsu, who shouted,
"LET'S DANCE!"

The club's bouncers moved forward to stop the fight before it got going
but Mayko clicked the static field to two-way and gave a quick slicing
motion with by her right hand which halted the big men, then the short
woman gave a thumb up with the same hand and the hefty guys got the
rest of the club's customers out of the fight zone. When the fight's
first punch was thrown the band on the stage started to play the
Rolling Stones' "Street Fighting Man."

High pitched screams mixed with the thundering music told everyone
watching that Datoyari's men had found out how dangerous it was to
fight a pair of wildcats like Li and Le for nothing was sacred when
women fought. The rest gave as well as they got with Mayko shouting
encouragement to Tatsu and the students until a painful moan stopped
her. Looking up, the woman with the ponytail wig found Ayeka with her
eyes rolled up into her skull, with sweat pouring off of her face and
shattered words passing through ashen lips, "I . . . must . . . not .
. . give . . . in," the princess' body started to sway, " . . . cannot
. . . let . . . them . . . hurt . . . Tatsu-sama . . . "

With full fright of what was happening to Ayeka, Mayko shouted at the
top-of-her-lungs, "TATSU-SAN, OUJOSAMA!"

The attack that came was like nothing before but Ayeka fought it,
pushing her spirit to help the one who loved her, the one she loved.
But with ruby vision laced with barely recognizable images, feeling the
wings of darkness closing over her consciousness, she couldn't stop her
body from sagging and falling backwards. With just a sliver of her
wakened mind left, she felt strong hands catch her and she heard a
distant girl's tearful voice call her name.
**********
Tenjyu Hospital

"Oujo-chan, it's time to wake up," Ayeka heard Ryoko's voice.

Ayeka's eyelids fluttered open and she found herself in her child form
again, under the covers of her bed, in her private room just like it
was when she was Sasami's age, all pink, pale blue and fluffy. Also,
held in her eyesight was Ryoko's child-like body with amber eyes full
of concern. With some curiosity the purple-haired girl asked, "Ryoko-
chan, you seem to be interested in my childhood ne?"

Ryoko's small body climbed onto the bed and sat next to the prone
princess while saying, "Maybe it's because my memories of that time are
like colorless pictures, I know they're mine but there's no emotion in
them," then Ryoko wrapped her small arms around herself as a romantic
look filled her childish face, "not like the ones I have of Tenchi,"
lastly the cyan-haired girl gave the princess a tender look, "or the
ones I have of you, Sasami-chan, Mihoshi-san, Katsuhito-san or
Nobiyuki-san."

"And Washu-san?" Ayeka carefully asked as she looked up at her friend's
joyful face.

"That is the gift my past gave me," Ryoko's reply full of warmth as she
started to float just above the blankets, "they showed okachan does love
me as a daughter."

"Even if it is in a strange way," Ayeka teased as her dainty left hand
quickly honked Ryoko's small nose.

"I wouldn't want it any other way," the uchu kaizoku's fanged mouth
made a pretense at biting the princess' retreating hand.

Ayeka sat up in bed and said to her friend, "Then I do not mind if you
are inquisitive and domo arigato for saving me."

"It wasn't me, Ayeka-san," Ryoko gave her friend a cattish grin.

"Oi?" Ayeka's surprise filled that one word.

Ryoko shook her head before saying, "Look at your right hand."

Ayeka brought the before mentioned appendage to her face and she saw a
golden radiance covered it from her fingertips to her elbow. With an
unasked question on her face, she looked at Ryoko, who said with
relief, "You almost died, Oujo-chan, giving Tatsu-san a chance against
that ketsu-Datoyari, now it's Tatsu-san's turn to save you."

"And this?" Ayeka asked as she glanced back at her radiant hand.

"He's in your room at the palace's hospital, holding your right hand
with both of his," Ryoko took hold of the little princess' left hand,
"using his ki to refresh your own ki, to repair the damage your body
suffered when you used your Jurain power."

With this new information confirming a theory she had been putting
together, Ayeka carefully asked, "He has done this before ne?"

"Hai," Ryoko reluctantly acknowledged.

"He is the reason I'm still alive, wa?" ventured Ayeka.

"Un," an edge of dread was in Ryoko's one word answer.

"Why is Tatsu-sama doing this?" Ayeka voice went up a notch.

"Because he loves you," Ryoko answered simply.

"Ryoko-chan, there is more here than his feelings for me," Ayeka voice
dropped to a whisper, "or mine for him."

"What do you mean, Oujo-chan?" Ryoko was confused by Ayeka statement.

"Ryoko-chan, how much do you know about the political structure of
Jurai?" Ayeka's face showed she was very serious.

"Dewa, up to three days ago I thought it was like other monarchies I've
seen in space and on Earth," a ghost of a smile on Ryoko's lips, "but
that whip and leather act I saw two days ago made me wonder a lot."

"Two days ago," Ayeka eyes went a little wide, "but that was
yesterday!"

"Mo, Ayeka-chan, you've been asleep for the past eight hours" Ryoko
smiled with some envy, "with Tatsu-san kneeling by your bed, his hands
holding yours, his lips touching your fingers."

Ayeka was touched by Tatsu's demonstration of love but she steeled her
mind to continue her train of thought, "Since the accession of Akane-
joosama to the throne of Jurai, the responsibility of the most powerful
woman," then Ayeka remembered her mothers, "or women of Jurai is to
protect the people of our domain from the greed and the lust for power
of the hungry individuals within the noble houses."

"In other words the Joosama Jurai is the real power behind the Kotei
Jurai," Ryoko surmised with eyes wide with delight.

"The day-to-day operations and most of the decisions are made by my
otousama," Ayeka clarified defensively, "but either okasama or Funaho-
okasama could step in and modify any of his decisions, should either
one of them feel he has gone beyond his traditional office."

"So they have him under their thumb," Ryoko stated more than
questioned.

"The covenant between the Onna Jurai (Woman of Jurai) and the Uchu
Kaizokus (Space Pirates) still exist not only in ritualized words but
also in everyday life," Ayeka put as much firmness as she could in her
child-like voice.

Then something hit Ryoko mind and she said, "Tatsu-san helping you
affected this ancient agreement wa?"

"Hai," now Ayeka's voice shook with sadness, "If he is the only reason
I'm alive, the only reason I continue to exist, many on Jurai would see
me as his mekake, unfit to become joosama."

"Oujo-chan, I know you as do others," Ryoko eyes flashed with anger,
"They know you're a kick ass onna who is no one's mekake!"

"But there are others like Datoyari-sama," hate in Ayeka's voice, "who
would use it to topple the Oken Kazoku Jurai, to found a new dynasty
where only they have the power and only they have any rights."

"So what will you do?" heaviness in Ryoko's question.

"I still need more answers to my questions," Ayeka looked deep into
Ryoko's catlike eyes, "and I venture to say I'm only going to get my
answers from Tatsu-sama." It was with those last words that she noticed
the soft light around her right hand had faded away.

Seeing Ayeka's line-of-sight, Ryoko said with a gentle tone, "It looks
like Tatsu-san has choose to give you some privacy when you truly wake
up."

On impulse Ayeka leaned over to Ryoko, kissed her friend on the cheek
and then said, "Sayonara, Ryoko-chan."

"Oujo-chan, daisuki da yo (Little Princess, I love you)!" unshed tears
caused flakes of gold to shimmer in Ryoko's eyes as her small hands
hugged her friend.

"Where we fought shoulder-to-shoulder upon hellish battlefields," Ayeka
returned the hug with much tenderness, "where we killed for each other,
where we died for each other, where we wept for each other, we came to
love each other as oneesama."

"For he today that sheds his blood with me," Ryoko responded with
heart, "shall be my brother."

"So you did pay attention to the movie ne," Ayeka accused her friend
with a knowing look.

"I still like the newer version better," Ryoko sniffled while rubbing
the tears out of her eyes.

"I prefer the older film," Ayeka said in a matter-to-fact tone.

"Of course you did," Ryoko replied with a false sneer, "with all those
dashing tin cans on horseback and flags flying."

"While you can't take your eyes off the blood and gore of the battles,"
Ayeka surmised with a smile.

"What can I say," Ryoko shrugged her shoulders as a touch of pride and
guilt entered her words, "for most of my life I was an uchu kaizoku,
the ultimate warrior and a ruthless killer. I've seen and caused the
same kind of death and horror those fighters suffered and I understand
it well."

"But you are more than that, Ryoko-chan," Ayeka put certainty in her
voice, "you are Washu-san's musume, you are Tenchi-sama's koibito and
you are my oneesama."

With this final touch of spirits, the world within Ayeka's mind
dissolved and Ayeka opened her real eyes. She lay on a bed with white
sheets while her room's four walls were just as white, only her scarlet
vision showed the closet door where she would find her clothes. It took
only a second for her to feel something flat and square in her right
hand. She brought it to her eyes and found it to be a business card
with Juraigo words upon it: Ayeka Fan Club.

It was then she knew why those students were so interested in Tatsu and
in her but it didn't stop her from saying, "Why would anyone devote a
fan club to me?"

Ayeka then felt some writing on the back of the card and turned it over
with her dexterous fingers. On the back she found these words: "You
represent every romantic spirit in the universe." Under the words was
the drawn image of a dragon in flight.
**********
Chapter Six: Butterfly
Ayeka's Apartment

Ayeka sat before her vanity dresser thinking about how to fix her face
for her meeting with Tatsu, Misaki stood behind her using a stiff-
haired brush to get the tangles out of her daughter's longhair. There
was a frightened softness to the way Misaki was pulling the brush
though the purple hair that worried Ayeka, like it was her mother's way
of cherishing something she would never do again. Deciding that her
mother's silent sorrow must end, Ayeka reached up with her right hand
to take hold of the blue-haired lady's right hand at the top of the
princess' purple head. With words full of love, the offspring of the
beautiful lady said, "Okasama, no matter what happens today I want you
to remember me with fondness, with happiness, and help otousama because
he will need your warm support."

All pretenses dropped from Misaki's figure as the brush clattered to
the floor when her strong arms and soft hands surround Ayeka's smaller
frame. Making cooing sounds to her mother, Ayeka heard the door to her
bedroom open. Looking up she saw Funaho looking at the pair with
heartfelt love in her brown eyes. With strong words covered in tears,
Ayeka's stepmother said, "Tatsu-dono is waiting in your garden."

Ayeka gave Funaho a nod of gratitude and then glanced at Misaki then
back to Funaho. With clear understanding, the black-haired queen walked
over and gathered her beloved spouse into her caring arms. It was then
that Ayeka decided makeup was unneeded for this encounter and her
simple light blue to a dark purple kimono with red obi would suffice.
Getting up she gave each of her mothers a quick kiss of farewell before
leaving.

The walk to her garden allowed Ayeka to organize the many questions in
her mind, but in the time not measured she found herself standing
before Tatsu, who spent the same time sitting on the rim of the water
fountain while admiring the approaching princess. When the purple-
haired lady reached him, the black-haired man stood up and gave her a
respectful bow, which she returned.

There were a few minutes of silence which Ayeka used to take a measure
of the man dressed in a maple leaf colored kimono with a wide green
obi, then Ayeka ventured her first question, "You are not the original
Kubiha Tatsu?"

"Iie, I'm not he who saved your otousama and your okasama by
sacrificing his life," Tatsu's tone stayed neutral.

"Although obasama has declared you her musuko," Ayeka probed.

"Seto-okasama gave me the name, called me her musuko and Misaki-imoto
accepted me," remembrance brought a smile to Tatsu's face, Ayeka knew
that the tall man had received one of Misaki's patented killer hugs.

Absorbing the information just given her, Ayeka asked, "Is it true that
for the past four days, you have been keeping me alive?"

"Hai, it's true," Ayeka could tell Tatsu didn't like to admit it.

"Why did you do it?" Ayeka's tone showed how serious this question was.

"There is a simple reason, Ayeka-san," Tatsu's eyes flashed with
fervor, "ai shite'ru yo (I love you)!"

The voice and tone so much like the way Ayeka envisioned Tenchi's would
be, should he tell her the same thing, "How is it you can love me with
so much force when you have only known me for these past few days?"

"I've loved you since the day I was born," Tatsu said.

Hearing complete conviction in his words, Ayeka stepped within arms'
reached of the tall man and asked, "What are you?"

"I'm a creation of love, of the kind loved ones have for another,"
gentle words came from Tatsu's lips, "and of hope born of desperation."

Tatsu's words triggered in Ayeka's mind the promises she had made to
Ryoko, to her father and the others. With words solid in their
deduction Ayeka said, "You are a clone of oniisama ne?"

"You're almost right, Ayeka-san," Tatsu gave a lopsided smile, "I'm a
clone of Tenchi-sama."

After so many surprises Ayeka didn't believe she could be caught off
guard again but she was. She had believed that Tatsu could be a clone
of Yosho, created by her father in the event his son refused the throne
and something happened to his daughters. In a dumbfounded tone Ayeka
started to say, "How can you be a clone of . . . " but then her own
mind locked upon the answer in Tatsu's green eyes, "Washu-san."

"Tadshii, Ayeka-san," Tatsu replied with approval.

Then Ayeka remembered something from the barroom fight and asked with a
knowing look, "Is that why you showed such affection for Sasami?"

"Such a being of goodness like Sasami, must always be protected," Tatsu
answered with warmth, "so her gentle hugs can heal broken hearts."

"But you are so much taller than Tenchi-sama ne?" confusion returned to
Ayeka's words.

"I'm as Tenchi-san will be when he is twenty-five years old," Tatsu
explained.

Taking what Tatsu already hinted at Ayeka asked with an affectionate
tone, "They did this for me wa?"

"They wanted to give you a reason to live," Tatsu voice full of hope,
"a reason to stay with your loved ones again."

"But the events leading to my decisions happened only a couple of
months ago," Ayeka's words held confusion, "How can a person like you,
be created in such a short ellipse of time," then added with serious
tone, "even by the greatest genius in the universe?"

"The little genius was able to deduce, from Ryoko-san's condition and
your already deteriorating body, what had happened and she told Seto-
okasama," Tatsu firmly said, "together they decided I was the best
chance for them to reawaken your desire for life."

"So Washu-san finally got her 'sample' wa yo," a thread of dislike in
Ayeka's voice.

"Ryoko-san gave it to her okasama," Ryoko grinned at Ayeka's
discomfort.

Having an idea at how Ryoko got Tenchi's sperm, Ayeka quickly asked, "I
can barely see how you can be Tenchi-sama's clone but how is it you
also have his kindness and his inherited power?"

"I'll answer the last part of your question first," Tatsu's right hand
patted the space next to him on the fountain's rim, "but it is
complicated."

Taking up his offer Ayeka sat next to Tatsu and then the man asked, "Do
you remember the Masu?" Ayeka nodded as her eyes lit up with
expectation of what the black-haired man was going to tell her,
"Tsunami-megami told Washu-san that a clone wouldn't have Tenchi-san's
ability to command the Ko-Oh-Yoku, so the little genius combined Tenchi
DNA with Masu and placed the amalgamation in one of her ova, just like
she did when creating Ryoko-san."

"So Tsunami-megami was involved in this little conspiracy wa?" Ayeka
was awed by the goddess participation.

"Tsunami-megami grieves for the loss of Ryu-oh but she shares Sasami-
chan's love for her neesan," Ayeka heard the deep affection Tatsu
placed in the last word.

Not ready to give her last question Ayeka requested, "Please continue
ne."

"Washu-san then used two of her new inventions to complete my birth,"
Tatsu's carefully explained, "a personality duplication device and a
time-space distortion machine."

Knowing Tatsu was probably not using the titles Washu had originally
created for her devices, Ayeka said, "I presume the first machine
created a copy of another person's nature," then her voice gained an
icy tone, "but the second one sounds like Washu-san's Dimensional Tuner
wa."

Tatsu grinned at Ayeka's reaction before he continued, "The time-space
distortion machine is based on Washu-san's research on the Dimensional
Tuner but instead of recreating reality around it, the machine creates
a singularity within a containment field inside of it."

"So the device aged you," Ayeka stated.

"In a sense, Ayeka-san," Tatsu smiled, "Washu-san told me what the
machine did was it sped up the normal progression of time so I was in
the machine for twenty-five years but only seven days passed for
everyone else."

A stab of doubt nailed Ayeka's heart and her voice went hollow as she
said, "Washu-san's personality duplication device made you experience
Tenchi-sama's life."

It was like the man could tell what the princess was thinking for Tatsu
gently asked, "Do you know why Tenchi-sama picked Ryoko-san?"

Even through she had turned her back to that question when Tenchi made
his choice, she still felt bewilderment over losing him to Ryoko, so
she gave the man before her a slight nod.

Tatsu took her hands in his and then carefully said, "There was no way
you could have known but Tenchi-sama has been in loved with Ryoko for
almost sixteen years."

Ayeka felt her doubt turned to pain as it spread throughout her whole
being but she steeled her spirit and asked, "Nanto?"

But instead of answering this simple question Tatsu asked, "What is
Ryoko-san like when she is around Tenchi-sama and the others?"

Puzzled by the change in direction but willing to answer the question,
Ayeka replied, "Even after her merging with Zero, Ryoko is either a
whirlwind of joy," a vexed look appeared on Ayeka's face, "caressing
Tenchi-sama and whispering hentai words in his ear," now a friendly
look found a home on the princess' features, "or a sleeping neko curled
upon a wooden beam, bathed in the warm sunlight with the whole world
passing underneath her."

"Nothing in between na?" Tatsu asked. Ayeka gave a slow nod and then
the tall man continued, "The cause of this behavior is something I know
Ryoko-san hasn't told you."

"What do you mean?" Ayeka was starting to get impatient with this slow
build up.

"When Yosho-ojisama defeated Ryoko-san, took away her Gems and
imprisoned her with the cave it was done for a purpose," Tatsu put
persuasion in his words, "Your oniisama knew, as did Tsunami-megami, of
Ryoko-san being the puppet of Kagato-san and they decided the only way
she could be saved was by breaking the demented character her master
had created in her over the thousands of years."

The pain Ayeka had felt vanished as sympathy for Ryoko washed across
her soul while Tatsu continued, "Like an onion, as each century passed
a layer of Ryoko-san's personality was peeled away. Like the
Christians' Lucifer she screamed defiance from her hellish prison but
the isolation, the lack of even a tormentor, reduced her from a once
proud akurei no hakai into quivering crushed soul, pleading for an end
to her captivity," then a touch of anger entered his strong words, "but
they misjudged."

"In what way, Tatsu-sama?" Ayeka wanted to know the complete truth.

"Originally Yosho-sama and Tsunami-megami believe it would be his
musume, Achika-sama, who would free Ryoko-san from the cave and shape
the akurei's new personality with her natural gentleness and strength
of character," it was here a sound of grief that shook his voice, "but
my . . . Tenchi-sama's okasama was meant for a different destiny and
Ryoko-san wasn't freed."

Ayeka saw Tatsu's struggle to control his sorrow, held her peace and
waited. When passion's war was ended by discipline, Tatsu continued,
"Five years passed before Achika-sama gave birth to Tenchi-sama but
Yosho-sama's joy at having a mago was crushed by what he and Tsunami-
megami found in the cave, Ryoko-san was dying."

Ayeka's hands tightened their hold on Tatsu's hands, it was as if her
own heart was caught in the words she heard, "The last years of
terrifying loneliness had gone beyond destroying the warped personality
Kagato had imprinted upon Ryoko-san, it now ate anyway her very ki,
siphoning away the life force while leaving behind an empty vessel,"
then Tatsu's harsh tone gave way to a jubilant one, "it was at this
point an akachan told them the way to save Ryoko-san."

"Sasami," Ayeka ventured a guess.

"Ee," Tatsu gave Ayeka a knowing look, "Sasami-chan never held anything
against Ryoko-san for what happened to her on Jurai, seven-hundred-
years ago. In fact she felt nothing but sadness over Ryoko-san's
imprisonment," Tatsu's green eyes showed pride for Ayeka's sister, "so
your imoto helped Ryoko-san when the chance came. She told Tsunami-
megami that the only way to heal Ryoko-san's inner wounds was to give
her something to care about."

Ayeka's face gained a knowing look as she said, "So Tsunami-megami gave
Tenchi-sama to Ryoko-san."

"Tsunami-megami bonded Ryoko-san with Tenchi-sama much in the same way
you are now bonded with Ryoko-san," Tatsu's voice gained a loving tone.

"It allowed Ryoko-san's astral body to leave her cave and share in
Tenchi-sama's life," Ayeka remembered the times Ryoko told her about
watching Tenchi growing up from a laughing child to a happy young man.

"It was more than that, Ayeka-san," a sound of regret was in his words,
"it made the kodomo aware of Ryoko-san's existence."

Ayeka knew what was coming next but she held her warring emotions in
check, only the slight trembling of her body gave away her anguish. "At
first he ventured to the cave out of inquisitiveness whenever his
ryoshin took him to see m . . . his ojiisama," now renewed was the
grief in Tatsu's voice as his words continued, "but all that changed
the day Achika-sama died," tears slowly made their way down his cheeks,
"Tenchi-sama's heart bled tears as his feet carried him to the cave
entrance, with his okasama's umbrella clutched in his tiny hands. There
he fell to the ground to cry out his sorrow and he found comfort from a
ghostly figure."

Feeling the need to do something Ayeka took her left hand from Tatsu's
grip, fished out her red handkerchief and started to dry the young
man's face with tender care while she asked, "But Tenchi-sama didn't
seem to daisuki with Ryoko-san when I found them on Earth?"

"Would you want your friends to know you are in ai with your invisible
childhood playmate na?" a grin found its way to Tatsu's face, "and he
even convinced himself that the spiky-haired woman was just a figment
of a child seeking companionship at his ojiisama's jinja," then Tatsu's
eyes gained a knowing look, "but deep in his subconscious mind he was
obsessed with the Ryokoakurei."

"Ryoko-san was not just his make-believe playmate," Ayeka suddenly
understood what Tatsu was leading to, "she became his surrogate
okasama."

"Whenever Tenchi-sama went to the cave, he found a soothing presence
there that lessen the sorrow in his heart and reinvigorated his
happiness," Tatsu's voice gained deep calmness, "and in the core of his
being, the man who was once a boy didn't want to lose that solace."

"So Tenchi-sama was ai suru with Ryoko-san," Ayeka's doubts were
revived by her own words, "it just took time for him to remember it."

"Of course Ryoko-san didn't help by almost smothering Tenchi-sama with
her kisses, drowning him with her ai," mirth in Tatsu's voice but again
his face took on an affectionate look as he said, "but there is
something you should know, Ayeka-san."

"Nani?" Ayeka couldn't keep misery from her question.

"If it wasn't for the bond between Tenchi-sama and Ryoko-san,"
certainty reflected in Tatsu's eyes, "he would have become your raba,
that is how close you came to claiming him as your own." Then Tatsu
brought Ayeka's left hand up to his face and pressed its palm against
the right side of his face before adding, "And there is something you
should know about me, Ayeka-san."

"Ara?" the slim princess' eyes shone with delicate hope.

"Although I have Tenchi-sama's memories," Tatsu turned his head
slightly to the right, "I don't have the bond Tsunami-megami created,"
then he kissed her palm before he finished, "so my heart was freed to
find boku no kanojo (my she)."

Tatsu's words lifted Ayeka's spirit out of her foggy doubts but her
happy face gave way to a questioning look as she asked, "You said you
were in the containment field for twenty-five years but Tenchi-sama is
only eighteen-years-old?"

With a chagrin look upon his lips, Tatsu said, "Those last eight years
represented my last day in the containment field and it was the same
day your okasama and Funaho-sama arrived at Tenchi-sama's home."
Ayeka's face took on a whimsical look as she anticipated the young
man's next words, "Washu-san used another of her inventions, a
three-dimensional-mind-projection device, to allow Misaki-sama's and
Funaho-sama's minds to enter the dream world my consciousness had been
growing up in."

Ayeka couldn't keep herself from giggling when Tatsu shivered at
remembering those times and his words gained a painful quality, "For
EIGHT years I was TRAINED by your okasama and her onee!"

Ayeka frowned at the derogatory tone Tatsu used and she told him with
an edge of a threat in her voice, "You will show proper respect for my
okasama and Funaho-okasama."

"You weren't with them 'alone' for EIGHT years, being trained to be the
perfect groom for their musume," Tatsu's rolled his eyes to the blue
heavens.

A knowing look came upon Ayeka's face as she said, "Is that why Funaho-
okasama kissed you that first night I saw you?"

"At dawn's light in my dream world, Funaho-sama would come into my
room, kneel by my futon and kiss me on the cheek to wake me up," a
touch of a smile upon his face.

"Funaho-okasama did the same thing for oniisama when he was growing up
and even when he would visit us while going to the Ginga Akademi
(Galaxy Academy)," then Ayeka's voice took on a thoughtful tone, "it
means Funaho-okasama has accepted you as okasama's ibokyodai."

"It seems I impressed Funaho-sama and Misaki-sama enough to accept me
as something more than a way to save their musume's life," surprise was
evident in Tatsu's words and face.

Ayeka barely heard Tatsu's last words as her mind focused on Tatsu's
comment about being trained as the perfect groom for Ayeka, 'Tatsu
isn't just an older version of Tenchi-sama, this man before me is MY
vision of Tenchi-sama. I told okasama and Funaho-okasama how I wanted
to give Tenchi-sama's birthright to him, how I wanted to train him by
my hand and by my heart to be my consort.' Then an icy thought pushed
through her joy and she suddenly pulled her hands away from Tatsu and
bounded from the fountain's rim to stand a few feet away from him with
her back to him.

"Ara . . . anoh . . . nani?" shock thundered in Tatsu's exclamation as
he half stood with his right arm reaching out toward Ayeka.

"Were you responsible for saving my life last night?" an icy calm
within Ayeka's question.

"Hai," Tatsu stood to his full height, "and I would do it a thousand
times just to have my arms holding you."

"And before that night when my ki became weak during the Fukuju," Ayeka
voice reached a freezing level, "you revived it."

"It is how my powers were shaped by Washu-san, Misaki-sama and Funaho-
sama," Tatsu took a few steps toward Ayeka with his right-hand still
reaching out, "to give you a chance for a long and happy life."

"And what about Jurai?" Ayeka's tone held only logic's coldness.

"Azusa-sama will wait for Yosho-ojisama to come to his senses and take
the throne," Tatsu voice carried a note of uncertainty for Funaho and
Misaki had warned him about Ayeka's loyalty to Jurai, "even if it takes
a few thousand years."

"But I know oniisama better than otousama does," slowly turned to show
rivers of tears upon her cheeks and her words had all the
characteristics of glaciers, "I know oniisama has turned his back on
Jurai but I won't."

"What do you mean?" Ayeka could see the fear in Tatsu's eyes and words,
"All I'm offering you is my heart and a chance for happiness."

"In a world where blood with fill Tenjyu's halls," the green grass
before the princess sprinkled with salty rain, "My oniisama won't take
the throne, Sasami merging with Tsunami-megami will rule her out as
heir and I will be perceived as too weak to become joosama because of
my dependence upon you."

"But it can be kept a secret," Tatsu knew this was a feeble argument,
"just look at how Sasami-chan's secret nature has been hidden from the
nobles."

"Only because Sasami is kept safe on Earth," Ayeka felt hollow for she
knew her own words robbed her of a chance for contentment, "under the
scheming gaze of nobles, no secret is safe."

"But that is countless centuries in the future," Tatsu pleaded with his
own eyes glistening with unshed tears, "like grains of sand upon a
beach walked by the Kami."

"Iie, Tatsu-sama," Ayeka felt her heart breaking again, "the blood of
uchu kaizoku flow in the nobles of Jurai and only our traditions keep
its cruel nature in check."

"But how will your DEATH prevent this from happening?" Tatsu stepped
close to Ayeka with his hands almost touching her shoulders.

"Because you will be here, Tatsu-sama," the ice in her voice finally
breaking into sobbing sorrow, "to take the throne, to . . . wed . . . a
strong okusan."

"Kya! Do you think I WANT some noble suke to share my bed with?" real
anger now found its way into Tatsu's words as both his hands grasped
Ayeka's hands and brought them to eye level, "can't you SEE, can't you
FEEL, my kokoro in your hands?"

The last bit of Ayeka's discipline was dissolved by Tatsu's touch and
she fell against his body as she sobbed, "I do . . . I do . . . my
itoshii."

Feeling Ayeka starting to slide down his body, Tatsu's strong arms
embraced her and he allowed both their bodies to sink to the ground.
With two hearts so close together, with two bodies touching the other,
it was without forethought the first kiss came as it was with the
second and the third. Yet with each kiss Tatsu could taste the salty
anguish in the princess' soul and as their lips part for the fourth
time, the purple-haired lady said with crushing finality, "I'm a
withered tree unable to bear fruit."

Looking down into ruby eyes full of vulnerability, aware that all the
barriers surrounding Ayeka's feelings were gone, Tatsu put force into
his tone as he said, "There is another way, Ayeka-san."

Her body wrecked by the desires of her spirit, wanting to trust the man
who held her with such tender strength, Ayeka found Tatsu's next words
full of purpose, "I can merge my body and ki with yours."

Such disbelief was Ayeka's that her voice stayed silent which allowed
Tatsu to continue, "Both Funaho-sama and Misaki-sama believed your
response to the first option would be negative, so Washu-san retained
in me the Masu's ability to merge with other life forms," the black-
haired man's right hand slowly rubbed the top of the purple-haired
lady's own right hand, "Ryo-ohki used it to merge with the Masu entity
that tried to kill Tenchi-sama and Ryoko-san used it to assimilate with
Zero," taking Ayeka's wide-eyed look as a sign of worry the tall man
added, "your current body would be a template for the new body, you'll
be taller because of my mass becoming part of you but the proportions
will remain feminine."

Hope burned afresh in Ayeka's heart but Tatsu kept his serious tone as
his words continued, "But there are dangers in what I purpose, Ayeka-
san. Both Ryo-ohki and Ryoko had Masu DNA but you do not," then the
brown-eyed man's filled with fear, "the act of merging will cause
agonizing pain as every cell in your body is combined with the cells in
mine, as our DNA is rewritten into one," his voice dropped to a
whisper, "you could go through all that torment and be left with a
shattered ki."

The fire of hope brought heat to Ayeka's soul and she replied with
resolve, "And what do I have now, itoshii?" the inner fire shining in
her eyes, "My mind is fearful that every exertion will coat my lips
with blood and death awaits at the edges of my vision," then Ayeka's
tone turned to heartfelt concern, "but what of you, will you survive
wa?"

"Does it really matter if I survive na?" Tatsu tried to lighten his
voice, "I'm but a shadow of Tenchi-sama, created to show you that as
long as you live there is a chance to find someone who will love you
just as much as you love him."

"MO!" Ayeka's words echoed all of her zeal, "I will not accept such a
occurrence."

"But . . . " Tatsu started to say.

Ayeka buried her lips into Tatsu's and stopped his plea. When her lips
part from his, the man saw great passion in her scarlet orbs,
"Ai shite'ru yo, itoshii (I love you, beloved!)!" her strong words
absolute, "I do not NEED to find another!"

"Then you know how I feel about you telling me to live after your
death, Ayeka-san," the boiling passion in Tatsu's words matched Ayeka's
but then he pushed it down so his next words were level, "I just don't
know if I will be able to retain this personality after I revert to my
Masu form," his eyes dropped down to stare at their held hands, "even
Washu-san didn't know," his face came back up and he gave the princess
a determined look, "but even if my consciousness is gone I will be with
you, body and ki, even in Yomotsu no Kuni."

Ayeka knew from Tatsu's hopeful eyes that the tall man holding her was
allowing her to decide which path they would take but that wasn't true.
Deep down Ayeka knew her true self, she was always a risk taker. Never
in her life had Ayeka taken the easy path: when Ryo-ohki and Ryoko had
attacked Jurai she and Ryu-oh had fought them instead of hiding in her
room, when Yosho and Funaho-Ki chased after the two criminals she
followed her brother as soon as she reached adulthood, when Kagato
killed Tenchi she charged forward with Ryoko to rain vengeance on his
murderer instead of fleeing, when Ryoko was captured by Dr.Clay she was
the first to stride forward to rescue her rival for Tenchi's love, and
when Ryoko sacrificed her Gems and her life to save Sasami it was Ayeka
who gave it back. With heart, body and soul united in clear purpose
Ayeka said to the holder of her love, "my kokoro is yours . . ."

"My kokoro is yours . . ." Tatsu's look showed he recognized this oath.

"My ki is yours . . ." Ayeka continued with her hands going to Tatsu's
neck and his hands to her shoulder.

"My ki is yours . . ." Tatsu repeated the words as he lifted Ayeka up
with a firm hold.

"Give me the kiss . . ." Ayeka's strong hands slowly pulled Tatsu's
black-haired head down.

"Give me the kiss . . ." just a sliver of air was between their lips.

"That will never end," Ayeka whispered the end of the wedding oath so
only Tsunami need hear it.

"That will never end," their lips met and it went from a tender touch
to passion's fire. Then it happened. Ayeka's mind barely felt Tatsu's
body softened under her own body but it was when her mouth filled with
honey-like fluid did the princess awakened to what was occurring. The
slim princess concentrated to keep herself from choking as the thick
substance flowing down her throat, to keep her mind calm as she felt
her clothes fall from her body. With eyes kept closed to keep her mind
calm, the lady could feel Tatsu's Masu form flow over her pink skin,
filling every cavity and lifting her from the ground in weightless
suspension.

It was at this point a bluish-white image touched her inner eye and she
found a naked adult Ryoko floating before with a happy grin. With a
princessly groan Ayeka said, 'Please come back later, I'm busy right
now.'

'I'm here to help, Oujo-chan,' Ryoko's grin reached Cheshire Cat's
size.

'Nani?' Ayeka had seen that demonic grin before and flashes of the
possibilities of Ryoko's intent went through her purple-haired head.

'Etchi! Na koto suruna! Kya!' Ryoko gave a mirthful reply as she cupped
her hands in front of her floating form and a ball of bluish-white
light appeared in her palms. Serious in voice, the ample lady said with
soundless words, 'I can't do anything about the suffering you will go
through but I can offer you this wedding gift.'

'Oi, kore wa nan desu ka?' Ayeka was caught off guard by Ryoko's
seriousness.

'You'll just have to find out,' Ryoko's response echoed in Ayeka's mind
as the glowing form faded from sight but the ball of light remained.
Before Ayeka could do anything, the pain came.
**********
Epilogue: Tapestry
Masaki Residence

The early morning sun was just peeking over the blue lake and Tenchi
once again found himself standing on the light brown wharf that
connected his home to the lake, dressed in his Sunday Best along with
Ryoko on his right, holding his right hand with her left, a bouncy
Sasami on his left, Washu beside her daughter with lively green eyes,
Mihoshi in her smartly pressed Galaxy Police uniform and a cool calm
Katsuhito just a step behind the little scientist. Not to be forgotten
was Ryo-ohki in her humanoid form as she stood next to Sasami. Some
months ago Tenchi watched a good friend leave but today was a much
happier occasion, the greeting of guests for his and Ryoko's wedding.
Making a last second check to make sure his light green obi was
straight, Tenchi glanced at Ryoko, and then checked to make sure his
zipper was closed. Satisfied with the last minute inspection, Tenchi
asked, "Washu-chan, did Funaho-san say who was coming down first?"

"Funaho-sama told me the Nakodo Oken Jurai Kon'in (Matchmaker of Royal
Jurai Weddings) will be the first to teleport down, followed by a
contingent of the Kishi Jurai as honor guards for the wedding," then a
puzzled look graced Washu's face as her right index finger tapped her
left cheek while she glanced at the two tree ships 500 feet above their
heads, "although I expected Misaki-sama to relay this information to
me."

A string of giggles came out of Ryoko's closed mouth which added
Tenchi's puzzlement to Washu's while both saw the pout the noise had
conjured onto Sasami's face. Looking behind Ryoko, Tenchi whispered to
the little scientist, "Washu-chan, what's going on with Ryoko and
Sasami-chan?"

"I don't know for sure, Tenchi-dono," Tenchi heard pride in Washu's
voice but noted the sad look on her face, "since Ryoko-chan's bonding
with Ayeka-san I can't eavesdrop on her thoughts anymore without her
permission."

"I knew there had to be a plus side to having to share a space in my
mind with such a ofukuro gyaru (mom girl)," Ryoko's biting words pulled
Washu's eyes up but the hurt in those green orbs changed to affection
when she saw the same feeling in her daughter's amber vision.

"Some people get to know everything," Sasami's pout deepened to match
her moody words, "while everyone treats me like a chibi."

"But you and Tsunami . . . " Tenchi began.

"Tsunami-neechan is just as bad as Ryoko-neechan," Sasami's tone showed
she was pissed, "She won't let me go to oneesama or visit okasama or
talk to Funaho-okasama."

"Imoto, just consider this as punishment for opening the eyes of your
whole kazoku to Tenchi and my wedding," Ryoko leaned forward a little
so she could give Sasami a hard look.

Sasami's face took on a guilty look but she still mumbled back, "I
didn't do it on purpose."

"Which reminds me," Tenchi said as he returned his gaze to Washu, "Domo
arigato, Washu-chan, for offering to house our guests in your lab."

"Except for otousama, okasama and Misaki-okasama who will be staying
with me at the jinja," Katsuhito corrected.

"And my ojiisama will be sharing Nobuyuki-san's room with him," Mihoshi
chimed in as she checked her side arm to make sure the safety was on.

"Hai," Washu's face lit up with devilish expectation as she rubbed her
hands together while staring straight ahead, "I've set up special rooms
for your wedding guests."

"I . . . eh . . . ah . . ." a sweat-dropped Tenchi fumbled over Washu's
statement.

"Don't hurt your heart, Tenchi-dono," Washu gave the youth a Cheshire
Cat's grin, "they won't remember a thing."

"I thought that was the reason," Tenchi said under his breath but added
nothing else, he knew full well that this was the price the Jurain
royal court would have to pay to Washu for coming uninvited to her
daughter's wedding.

It was at this point that a question close to Tenchi's heart left his
lips, "Do you think Ayeka-san is with them?"

"Ne ne!" Washu's grin reaching a new size while she looked up at her
bright-eyed and bushy-tailed daughter, "I'll say the . . . " the last
words of Washu's answer were drowned out by a thunderous musical
fanfare.

Everyone on the wharf locked his or her sight on an area of the wharf's
dock where a large bluish-white ball of light had appeared. Instantly
Sasami let out a joyful shout and charged out at the sphere as it
started to condense into humanoid size. At eight feet from the image,
with outstretched hands the littlest princess leaped into the air, her
momentum to carrying her body into the glowing figure. By the time the
child's small hands locked around the form's neck, it was a smiling
Ayeka who caught her sister in a loving embrace.

Tenchi's and Mihoshi's mouths dropped wide while Katsuhito's eyebrows
shot up and Washu gave a slow nod before saying, "So my calculations
were correct about her height being seven-feet-tall."

"Seven-foot-two-inches tall," Mihoshi said in a daze, "two-hundred-and-
twenty-one pounds."

"I stand corrected," Washu glared at the policewoman for stealing her
thunder.

"And she only took a half-step back," Mihoshi added with awe.

"Hai, Sasami's leap would've taken me off my feet," Katsuhito confirmed
with a stoic smile.

With her right hand reaching down to give Ryo-ohki a welcoming pat on
the head, Ayeka looked between her sister's ponytails to give the
others a sweet smile. This simple act broke the spell Tenchi and
Mihoshi were in and they broke ranks to greet Ayeka, but it was a
flying Ryoko who reached the two hugging princesses first and her words
stopped the young man and the policewoman dead in their tracks, "So
you've come to deny Tenchi the right to marry me?"

"As Nakodo Oken Jurai Kon'in," Ayeka's ruby eyes flash fire, "I have
the responsibility to make sure only virtuous people marry into the
Oken Kazoku Jurai!"

"And what if you find me without a noble bone in my body?" air between
the two women seemed to crackle as a wide-eyed Sasami looked back-and-
forth.

"Then it is my gimu to find a suitable suitor for Tenchi-sama," Ayeka's
back as straight as a ramrod.

"YOU!" a throaty growl punctuated Ryoko's accusation as she curled her
clawlike hands.

"DOZE, Ayeka-neechan, Ryoko-neechan!" Sasami's pink eyes matched her
tearful voice, "Don't do this!"

It was at this time that Tenchi noticed how Ryoko had to float off the
ground to have eye-to-eye contact with Ayeka and he caught Mihoshi's
curious comment, "Ee, Ryoko-san will ask Ayeka-san for her answer."

"So what is your answer, oujo-chan," Ryoko sneered with the sun's fire
in her eyes yet what rung in Tenchi's mind was how Mihoshi predicted
Ryoko's challenge.

"I say to you, bakemono," Ayeka purple eyebrows lowered to match her
powerful words, "that since I already have my own otto," with a
flourish Ayeka detached her right arm from around Sasami so everyone
there could see the two gold circles upon her ring finger, one a
delicate-made bride's ring while the other was the thick groom's band,
as Ayeka's voice became charged with joyfulness, "I find you a worthy
okusan for Tenchi-sama."

Sasami fiercely hugged Ayeka's neck while her sister added, "Don't we,
itoshii ne?"

All minds upon that wharf found wonderment when a masculine voice
touched their minds, "We do, Ayame."

"It worked!" Washu shouted as she leaped into the air and did a power
sign with both hands while a grin flashed across Katsuhito's face.

"Nani?" Tenchi looked back at the hopping girl-woman and then at Ayeka
and saw how a floating Ryoko embraced both Ayeka's and Sasami's before
saying with intensity, "Oujo-chan, don't you ever leave us again!"

"I didn't know you both watched 'As The World Turns?" Mihoshi
innocently commented.

Both Ryoko's and Ayeka's face took on a pensive look as Sasami's pink
eyes narrowed and she asked, "Mihoshi-neechan, what do you mean?"

"It's just like the confrontation and reconciliation between Terry-san
and Jimmy-san," Mihoshi said with a look of remembrance, "that happened
on the show several weeks ago."

"So that was an act?" relief in Sasami's voice touched with accusation.

"We thought it would help everyone to adjust to Ayeka-san's new look,"
the male voice filled their minds again.

"Our new look, itoshii," Ayeka gently corrected.

"Our new look, Ayame," affection in Tatsu's words.

"You're Tatsu-san na?" Tenchi asked as confusion started to clear from
his brown eyes.

"Ayeka is very much like an ayame," Katsuhito said with a light smile
on his face as he came up to stand next to Mihoshi before adding, "It
seems I can't call you my imoto-chan anymore zo."

"I'm just glad she's in ai with Tatsu-san," Ryoko spin away from Ayeka
to protectively embraced Tenchi, "I don't know if I would've won against
someone with such mune saiko wa yo (first class tits)!"

"Makes you jealous da ze," Tatsu fired back while scarlet touched
Ayeka's cheeks which made Sasami giggle.

"So Ayeka-san, what happened when you and Tatsu-san merged?" curiosity
rich in Washu's voice as she gave her daughter a cross-eyed look which
the cyan-haired woman responded to by sticking her tongue out, "Ryoko-
chan wouldn't tell me anything."

"When the pain subsided," Ayeka hugged Sasami a little tighter as she
spoke, "I fell asleep for a very long time," her words took on a
fearful tone, "and when I awoke, I panicked because I couldn't feel
either Ryoko-chan or Tatsu-sama," then a thoughtful tone came in, "but
I saw a ball of light that Ryoko-chan left." At this moment true
happiness lit up every part of Ayeka's face, "when my thoughts touched
it, it flashed and I felt my ki flooded with Tatsu-sama's
consciousness."

"Dan gu!" Washu exclaimed and held her right hand up to Ryoko, "lay
some skin on me, shojo!"

"Yapi!" Ryoko grinned widely as she gave her mother a high five.

"So I presume this is how your device was suppose to work?" Katsuhito
asked while taking his glasses off.

"I can't take all the credit," Washu smiled with pride at her daughter,
"Ryoko-chan's new powers made it possible more than anything else."

"New powers?" Tenchi asked with eyebrows going up.

"Ryoko-chan retains the powers her Masu DNA gave her," Washu calmly
explained, "but those abilities the Gems bestowed on her have
drastically changed thanks to Ayeka-san."

"But I thought there was no difference between Ryoko's Gems and the
power that comes from Tsunami-megami?" Tenchi's eyes widened when
realized what he just said.

"Listening at key holes again na," Katsuhito coolly said, although
beads of sweat could be seen on his forehead as he cleaned his glasses
with a tanned handkerchief.

"In a sense they are," Washu chose to ignore Katsuhito's discomfort,
"but the original power in the Gems was very raw and unstable."

"So the ki Ayeka-san used to save Ryoko-san is refined and stable,"
Tenchi carefully surmised, then his face matched his grandfather's at
what he carelessly said.

"Why do I feel suddenly insulted," Ryoko gave Tenchi a hurt look but
there was wickedness in her tone which caused the young man to sweat
even more.

"Crudely said but essentially correct, Tenchi-dono," Washu stepped next
to her daughter before continuing, "Ryoko-chan can now weave her powers
in much more complicated designs."

"And that design was the ball of light?" suggested Ayeka with approval.

"Tadshii!" Washu smiled at Ayeka's guess, "During your stay on Jurai, I
kept testing Ryoko-chan's new powers while carefully keeping a
psychological diagram of Tatsu-dono."

"A psychological diagram?" Ayeka wasn't sure she liked the sound of
that.

"It's oke, Ayame," Tatsu gentle words filled Ayeka's mind, "I allowed
Washu-chan to place a device on me that transmitted a detailed record
of my emotional development and experiences to her lab's mainframe."

"With the psychological reproduction the device created," Washu words
took up the story, "Ryoko-chan was able to create an ethereal sanctuary
for Tatsu-dono's ki and she placed it in Ayeka-san's mind."

"That which makes Tatsu-san unique and special was pulled into the
sphere so he could survive the merging and metamorphosis of Ayeka that
his Masu nature had triggered," Katsuhito finished with high regard in
his red eyes for the achievement of Ryoko and Washu.

"All in a day's work for the greatest genius in the universe," then
heartfelt warmth entered Washu's voice, "and the number one musume in
the universe." Unexpected Ryoko darted down and gave Washu a peck on
the redhead's lips before returning to perch on Tenchi's back, the
young man smiled at up at Ryoko's face resting on his right shoulder
and he reached down with his right hand to lightly squeeze her left-
hand resting on his hip.

"So did . . . " Washu paused to clear the huskiness from her voice, "So
did anything else happen?"

"Ara . . . eh . . . dewa . . . " Ayeka's face reached a new level for
blushing.

"We did do some cuddling," Tatsu supplied.

"Cuddling my eye," Ryoko smirked, "you two made me so hot I had to have
Tenchi yubizeme (finger attack) me."

"That is what you get for eavesdropping, Ryoko-chan," Ayeka smarted
back.

"Who's eavesdropping," Ryoko gave Ayeka a wicked grin, "I'm surprised
your wooden bondmates don't burst in flames from the heat you Juraijins
generate when you hameru (twin orgasm)."

"You three are doing adult-speak again," Sasami frowned at the two
women, "you know I'm older than I look."

"I know, Sasami," Ayeka gave her sister a look that was serious yet
affectionate, "but there are some things you should not know until you
are much older."

"That's what okasama said when I saw her kiss Funaho-okasama," Sasami
pouted.

"And when was okasama ever wrong?" Ayeka quickly asked in an attempt to
head off any ill-timed words from the others.

"Never," Sasami sighed knowing the subject was closed for now.

"Gu," Ayeka gave Sasami a little nod, "Now, why don't you go fix us
some ocha, ii ne?"

"Ii wa," Sasami's face became bright once more as she gave her sister a
quick hug before hopping out of the princess' strong arms and running
toward the house with dancing blue ponytails trailing behind her.

Once Sasami was out of earshot Tenchi said, "It must've been a shock
when you woke."

"It was," both Ayeka and Tatsu replied at the same time, causing both
to lightly laugh, then the princess said, "We going have to get use to
this new beginning."

"We have a lifetime to learn it, Ayame," sweetness in Tatsu's words.

"Hai, we will, itoshii," then Ayeka refocused her attention to the
others, "When I opened my eyes I found my body suspended in a clear
jelly-like substance. I couldn't see anything clearly so I groped with
my hands and found myself surrounded by some kind of a shell."

"It's a pupa, Ayeka-san," Washu told her.

"Like a butterfly's?" an awed Mihoshi asked.

"Ee," confirmed the redhead uncertainly.

"But where are Ayeka-san's wings?" Mihoshi questioned with sapphire eyes
full of good-nature, "Oi, they must be hidden underneath her beautiful
kimono."

Ayeka smiled at the look of consternation on Washu's face and decided
to continue her story before the little scientist acted on her impulse
to do mayhem on the blond bombshell, "With no other option open to me,
I used my fists to break out of the shell and I found I was in my room
at Tenjyu, upon my own bed." Everyone's attention locked on the purple-
aired princess' words, "I lay on the bed, retching to get the jelly
substance out of my lungs, learning how to breathe again," then an
elegant smile touched her lips, "it was at this point my wet skin felt
something warm cover me. I looked up to find my excited okasama had
bundled me in a huge robe and was crying tears of joy as she tenderly
held me with Funaho-okasama right behind her," a sly look found a home
on Ayeka's face as she ended, "you should have seen the look on
okasama's face when Tatsu-sama said he preferred Funaho-okasama way of
waking people up."

"So that's how your okasan found out you and Tatsu-san had eloped,"
Ryoko piped in.

Barely able to ignore Ryoko's barb Ayeka continued, "It seemed so
strange to look down at my okasama and Funaho-okasama," then an
embarrassed look reached her face, "and it took both of them to help me
to the furo, where they washed me like a new born kodomo," now a note
of suspicion entered her voice, "although I think 'some people' were
not brothered by it at all."

"I was a perfect gentleman," said Tatsu defensively.

"I felt something stir in me," Ayeka challenged, then her eyes bugged
out and she clapped both hands over her mouth when she realized what
she just said.

Ryoko burst into uncontrollable laughter while Mihoshi turned to Washu
and she asked without guile, "Washu-san, does this mean Ayeka-san has
two asoke?"

"Hai, it seems Ayeka-san's and Tatsu-san's body is hermaphroditic with
the mono internalized," interest plain in Washu's green eyes, "although
it is an unexpected development."

"I think it was my desire to have children with Tatsu-sama that caused
it to happen," Ayeka said in a small voice.

"That makes sense," Washu acknowledged, "Tatsu-dono's Masu nature
sensed Ayeka-san's strong desire and made the necessary changes to make
it possible."

"It also means Ayeka and her consort will be able to ascend the throne
once otousama, okasama and Misaki-okasama retire," Yosho added as he
put his glasses back on.

"The necessity of shitei to protect and uphold the traditions of
Jurai," Tatsu added with affection, "and to bring more joy into our
lives."

"Ikasu (Neat)!" Mihoshi exclaimed as she jumped into the air with arms
outstretched, "I get to be a nazukeoya for Ryoko-san's and Ayeka-san's
children!"

"So when do the other guests come down?" Tenchi asked while ducking
Mihoshi's swinging arms but Ryoko wasn't so lucky.

"In four hours," Ayeka answered, "otousama, okasama and Funaho-okasama
wanted to give us some privacy before the royal circus joins us."

"Dewa, we better head into the house before Sasami-chan's gets mad
because we let her ocha get cold," Katsuhito suggested which everyone
gave a nodding agreement.

Katsuhito led the way with Washu next, followed by Tenchi and Ryoko
with Mihoshi right behind them and Ayeka bringing up the rear, but this
changed when Ryoko teleported so she could float alongside the treetop
princess. Clearing her throat the uchu kaizoku asked the princess, "I
was wondering if I could borrow that black leather number, you know the
one with the whip."

"Not today," Ayeka calmly replied, "You have to wait until your
honeymoon when you are officially an oujosama," then a serious smile
touched her lips, "and you can only use the whip if Tenchi is yancha."

"Dewa, if Tenchi isn't ecchi before our honeymoon," Ryoko used a stage
whisper and smacked her lips loudly, "he will be afterwards." The cyan-
haired woman was very pleased to see the young man falter in mid-stride
and to see the wink her mother gave her.

Ayeka rolled her ruby eyes before she added with a sigh, "Can Jurai
survived Ryoko-chan's second invasion?"

'With the ai everyone here has for each other,' Tatsu's warmth filled
Ayeka's mind, 'it will be like a spring shower.'

'It will indeed, itoshii,' a knowing smile lit up Ayeka's face.

Unseen by Ayeka or Tatsu, are the grins on the others' faces at finally
seeing Ayeka's search for love completed.
**********
Notes
Story: This story came from two sources, a debate and a dream. About a
year ago I got into a debate with Dav over the reasons necessary for
Ayeka to leave the Earth and return to Jurai. We both agreed that the
reasons had to be dramatic but when Dav asked for me for specifics
causes, I bulked because I didn't want anyone else to use my ideas for
a story. Dav got tired of my generalities and he wanted to end our
debate, so I suggested an Ayeka story challenge. Dav's reply was a firm
no, although he said he would love the chance to shut me up, he already
had other irons in the works and that I would be a waste of his time.
He was probably right because while I did have some ideas about what
would happen to Ayeka on Jurai, I couldn't come up with a plausible
reason for Ayeka returning to her homeland without Sasami beside her.
I wanted my story to be Ayeka-centric and that wouldn't be possible
with Sasami there. My subconscious must have been working on the
problem because last December, I had a dream. I saw Ayeka standing
before and I asked her why I couldn't go with her. She replied that she
was dying. That locked it for me, it gave me the reason for Ayeka
deciding to leave Sasami behind with Tenchi and the others, people who
could comfort the grieving little princess after her sister's death.
Within seven days of the dream, I had the complete story in my head.

One of my prereaders suggested a pre-sequel to this story because of
all the events, I have hinted at, going on before the prologue. I might
do one but it won't happen until I've finished Strange Days Book Two.
The reason I did this story was to avoid the traditional Tenchi-Chooses
story, I wanted to deal with the repercussions of his choice, that
Ayeka's extended family would continue and Ayeka would have happiness.

Plotline: Not much of this story is original, at its core it's an Ayeka
meets a tall dark stranger. What my prereaders selected as original
were the ceremony and the nightclub.

Those who have read my other series, Strange Days, know I have included
ceremonies and rituals in them because of the nature of both Nihon and
Jurai. Like cultures in Europe and other Asian cultures, both of them
have traditions centered on ceremonies and rituals that we in the US
can barely comprehend due to the young state of our own nation. Just
think of the complexity of ceremonies and rituals surrounding a
civilization that existed, uninterrupted, for over twenty-thousand-
years.

The nightclub was something I came up with from my readings on Nihongo
slang. I do know of similar places like this exist in Europe and in
Asia (and in the US Asian districts), but I should give you a word of
warning. Such places are not for the weak of heart or the timid, in
such places you find people in their raw state, gangsters with lots of
attitude, sexy soap girls offering their wares, hard working blue-
collar men dropping by for a cold beer or a shot of warm sake, Buddhist
priest slumming and high school students out for a dangerous fling. Men
tourist should be careful what they say and women had better be ready
for some aggressive teasing and a proposition or three. Why did I have
Tatsu sing in such a place? Because it was in such places that Jazz,
the Blues and Rock-N-Roll came into being, from the cathouses of New
Orleans, the Cotton Club of Harlem, and the brothels of Hamburg.

Characters: One of my prereaders said I come up with weird characters
for my stories. What can I say, I read a lot of manga, watch a lot of
anime and study real people very carefully. I take all three
ingredients, mix them together and bake them at 420 degrees.

Ayeka: Like in my other series, I see Ayeka as a dramatic, complex
person. She cares a lot for her family (including her extended family)
and is loyal to Jurai (in her mind, her family and Jurai are the same).

Ryoko: A tough exterior used to hide a heart of gold yet an ecchi
person.

Tenchi: Although he loves Ryoko, he cares very much for the other
ladies and will do anything to help them, to protect them.

Sasami: Almost as complex as Ayeka, we have in the littlest princess a
person who is both a goddess and a child, learning to be both before
becoming a woman.

Washu: The greatest genius in the universe, who loves her daughter and
has deep feelings for the others, in many ways they are the family she
always wanted. Of course this does stop her from doing experiments on
them and she is just as much an ecchi person as her daughter.

Mihoshi: They are more than blond hair, red lips and blue eyes on that
head.

Misaki: A mother any child would like to have. Emotionally caring
person willing to hug anyone. She loves her daughters as well as her
husband and her soulmate, Funaho.

Funaho: A subtle person compared to her opposite, Misaki, yet will to
let her children go if it means they will develop into better people.
Only Azusa's love and Misaki's warm embrace can penetrate her shell.

Azusa: I think the Emperor gets a lot of bad rap from people. I think
he cares a lot for Ayeka and Sasami, maybe so much so he is unwilling
to give them up to anyone he sees as inferior. He has also shown he is
very loving of Funaho and does care for Misaki.

Seto: From the True Tenchi Novels, Seto is the oldest member of the
Oken Kazoku Jurai (five-thousand-year-old). As such, he has a great
deal of influence on family decisions. From my own speculations, I
believe she is the leader of the Pirate Guild and the adopted daughter
of Washu before she became part of the Oken Kazoku Jurai.

Tatsu: An older version of Tenchi with eight years of training thanks
to Funaho and Misaki.

Minor Characters: Kessho, Akimi, Yoko and Mayko are what they seem.
Kessho is the old wise sawbones, Akimi is the young hot head, Yoko is
the blind wise woman while Mayko is the streetwise tart (Mayko is based
on a manga/anime character and I've dropped several hints as to which
character it is).

