The Great Potato War
(Yes, your are not mixed up this is indeed a Tenchi Moyu Fanfic)

It was a typical morning in the Masaki residents. Tenchi woke up to smell of
Sasami's cooking. He didn't want to get up at first but the promise of a new
day was more than enough so he slowly lifted Ryoko's arm from his neck and
slowly rolled off his bed.  His nostrils flared as he opened the door out of
his bedroom and met Ayeka on the way to the kitchen.
        " Good Morning, Ayeka" Tenchi said happily.
        "(Sigh) Good Morning Lord Tenchi" Ayeka said yawning.
        "Boy you sound tired…"
        "Tenchi come back to bed!" Ryoko said cutting off Tenchi.
        "Leave Tenchi alone you Monster" Ayeka said with much anger in her voice.
"Just because you married him doesn't mean you can boss him around!"
        "Jeez, princess I'm sorry a bottle rocket flew up your ass at the wedding
last night!" Ryoko retorted sarcastically
" Hmmp " Ayeka said as she stomped her feet. Then a tear fell from her eye, to
think Tenchi had been so easily won over by that slut, after so many months of
Ryoko and herself fighting, she thought as she left for the kitchen apon Ryoko
come out of her room to hug Tenchi and then almost purposely kissing him in
front of Ayeka.
        "Breakfast is ready. Come and get it!" Sasami shouted from downstairs.
        It seemed like stampede as all of the family came rushing to this
surprisingly late breakfast, a rare thing that happened when Sasami cooked.
But when the Newlyweds came down the steps (Ryoko and Tenchi of course) they
seemed to glide as if floating a little off the floor.
        As soon as Ayeka saw the new couple coming down the stairs she stormed off
and went up to her room, or so everyone thought.
        "I'll go up and talk to her" Sasami said as she left her own food behind and
headed in the direction that her sister had.
        "I wish there was some way to show Miss Ayeka that Ryoko and I are not going
to be separated" Tenchi said softly.
        "Well we had BETTER do it after the Honeymoon" Ryoko said firmly.
        "No, Ryoko by then she will have left for Jurai or something" Washu
explained.
        "Yes, little Washu I think your right" Tenchi said
        "Ok, ok we'll do before the honeymoon." Ryoko agreed after hearing that this
is what Tenchi wanted
After breakfast was done, Ayeka came down from her room, as mad as before just
not crying, to notice Ryoko and Tenchi intently kissing.
" That is enough!" Ayeka shouted "I will no longer withstand this in this
house. "
" Who are you to say what is allowed in this House" Ryoko screamed.
" Well, who are you to?"  Ayeka asked.
" I am wed to the owner's son, you know" Ryoko said proudly. "In fact I don't
really care what you think about this house because I think you should leave
Earth and get it over with!"
"No, I refuse to leave and you are not the boss of this house" Ayeka shouted.
" Listen there is only one why to solve this problem "Washu interrupted.
" And what's that  Washu " Ryoko asked.
" POTATO WARS! "
         " Potato war?" Everyone said scratching there heads.
" Yes potato war" Washu replied.
" Um, Washu just what is potato wars?" Tenchi asked.
 "You don't know" Washu said with surprise in her voice.
" No" The room replied.
" Jeez " Washu let out before saying "Potato wars is a game I used to play
when I was young, it was in the season when the potato's were lush, you would
divide into teams (sigh) you could use any weapon you could make for a
potato."
" Like what, Washu " Sasami asked.
" Like, umm, a potato cannon or potato guns or even potato grenadiers "
" Wow this sounds fun" Sasami exclaimed.
" So who wants to settle this by having a potato wa.."
" I am not having a potato war like a uncivilized hulig…." Ayeka cut off
Washu.            " Crammit, princess" Ryoko cut off Ayeka and turned her gaze
to Washu " Mom that would be a great idea, who is with me?!"
" Me" whispered Sasami.
" I'm in," said Tenchi.
"I'll judge " added Kiyone said.
"Me to" Mihoshi said
" What? You mean you all actually all want to participate in this" Ayeka said
outraged.
" Yep"
" Sure why not"
" What's it going to hurt"
"Mmmmeeeeeoooooowwwwww"
" Okay , fine but this is the last of it, right ? this ends it, right?"
" You got it princess " Ryoko reply with a serious tone in her voice.
" Okay, lets go" Washu replied to the groups comments.

" First , you need to pick teams" Washu said. Everyone started to scurry
around choosing partners but soon enough they returned with a partner. Ryoko's
team had Tenchi, Washu and Ryo-oki. Ayeka's team had Azaka, Kamidake, and
Sasami.
"You don't have time to make your own weapons, so I will provide you with some
" Washu said " Here is are three potato cannons, each team will have one
cannon and I will hide one for a team to find. Second each player gets a
potato gun , other then that you are on your own. "
" What about ammo?"  Kiyone asked.
"You have to harvest your own ammo. And you have 25 minutes, Starting now"
Washu replied quickly.

25 minutes later everyone returned with more potatoes then Washu had ever seen
in her life. "Take your places!" Washu shouted as everyone started to run to
pick his or her place.
Immediately Ryoko was on the roof with a potato cannon watching Ayeka as she
headed for the direction were Ryuo was growing very quickly.
"Ha princess I've got you now!" Ryoko said to herself as she loaded the potato
cannon and took perfect aim towards Ayeka's head and blasted away.
"What is that noise?" Ayeka said just before being smashed in the head by the
largest potato Ryoko could find.
"Ha, princess" Ryoko laughed.
"I'm coming to get you " Ayeka said as she pulled out her gun. As Ayeka
started to climb up the latter to the roof she heard another loud noise much
like the one before and Go Sasami knock this monster from this roof. Go Sasami
g- but her thought was intercepted by a bash in the head with a potato.
" Eeerr!"
" Sorry Ayeka, I missed " Sasami yelled as Ayeka felt the ladder slowly going
downward.
"Aaaaahhhh!" Ayeka screamed as she eventually thumped to the dirty ground.
" Ayeka it seems as if even gravity doesn't like you, ether" Ryoko said as she
laughed

Meanwhile deep in the forest Tenchi had found Washu's hidden potato cannon.
"How do we use this Ryo-oki?" Tenchi asked.
" Mmmeoowww, mmmew"
"All right, load the potato, umm, stuff it in tight, umm, turn to high then
ai…" Tenchi was stunned when it accidentally fired off. oops." He said as the
potato flew up into the air. "Where did it go?" Tenchi said as he continued to
look upward.
"Meeeeeowww?" Ryo-oki answered just as confused.

Meanwhile Nobouki was walking home humming a tune, happy to be home after
working all day on a job site. I wonder what Sasami is going to make for
dinner tonight.
        Off in the distance he heard a whistling I wonder what kind of vegetables
she'll have, and she usually has vegetables with dinner. The whistling came
closer but Nobouki seemed not to notice. Carrots? Cabbage? , Squash? mayb…..
        "Potatoes!!!!!" he screamed as a potato came from above directly at his face.

        Ayeka was looking for a way to get on to the roof when finally she found a
way.  I t was a tree but in her happiness she stumble over a tree root and
discharged her gun and didn't notice it. She finally got to the tree and
hastily climbed up it , once she had gotten up she snuck up on Ryoko who was
watching over the land.
"I have you, monster" Ayeka shouted as she pointed her gun at Ryoko who had
turned around to see the princess. Ryoko herself pointed her cannon at Ayeka.
If they looked the same, you would see a mirror image.
"Now you die!" Ayeka whispered.
"Ha hahahahahaha!" Ryoko laughed diabolically.
"How dare you!" Ayeka shouted, "Now you truly die!" she said as she pulled the
trigger. CLICK. "What why didn't you shoot" she said yelling at her gun.
"Hahahahaha! Forget to relode your gun princess?" Ryoko said as she her self
started to pull the trigger.
The last thing Ayeka saw was a potato flying at her face and Ryoko with her
patented wicked smile.

Disclaimer: AIC and Pioneer, we do not own any of the characters in Tenchi
Moyu, but we do have a substantial offer on the rights to Ryoko's character it
consists of Everything we own and everything we can steal. (Fanfic readers
this might mean no more Fanfics from us for a while). So Pioneer and AIC
contact us as soon as possible, and we mean soon! Thank You.

        Dear Readers,
                  This is yet another weird Fanfic from your good friends
Ryoko39655…Oops! I mean Max Gilliland and Blugoon…dammit! I mean Rhys Doyle.
Well in case your wondering why this is so weird because of three small words
thought up by Rhys himself those words are Eighth Grade History. (Rhys thought
this Fanfic up on a rainy day in history class, and yes we are indeed in
eighth grade.)
By the by don't forget to read the sequel to this Fic coming soon! Here's a
little clue you can use to figure it out…Honeymoon!

Your friends
Max Gilliland and Rhys Doyle
You can contact us with your comments at Ryoko39655@aol.com or blugoon@Aol.com
Thank you!

P.S: If your wondering, Nobouki did have potatoes for dinner.