=====
MAGARU: Hey everyone! This is chapter three.
RAYANI: I think they knew already.
MAGARU: So what?
RAYANI: Well, you're just repeating things. Haha, how boring you are.
MAGARU: Why you...

=====

Chapter Three: Trouble's Form

Ryoko clenched her fist when she saw what caused the noise. "Damn you! What 
do you think you're doing with my son, Yume?" Ryoko growled in scorn. The 
cat-like genius smiled as she put a gun to Kenny's head.

"This is your son, eh? Well, I'm taking this boy with Hishima and me. I'm 
getting a nice payoff for this, all right?" Yume hopped out of the window as 
an all-too-familiar spaceship loomed up. Ryoko howled in anguish as she 
glared at the departing ship.

Ryoko growled and tore down the hallway. "Ryoko, what are you doing?" Ayeka 
yelled when she heard Ryoko thundering down the hall. When she saw the space 
pirate storming down the stairs, she frowned in confusion and followed 
quietly. As she peered around the corner, she saw Ryoko stomp into the 
kitchen in fury.

Sasami heard her come in and wheeled around from washing Ryo-ohki's head of 
soy sauce. "Oh, hi, Ryoko," Sasami said absentmindedly, scrubbing the 
cabbit's head with a bar of soap. Ryoko did not answer and grabbed Ryo-ohki.

"Take my husband, now my son, I'm sick of this!" Ryoko growled. She turned 
on Sasami, who backed away apprehensively. "Sasami, go get Washu. We're 
going!" Sasami nodded slowly and wiped her hands.

Washu was running some tests on a sample of Minagi's blood and comparing it 
with Ryoko's. "Washu, Rayani, you need to come outside! Ryoko wants you!" 
Sasami called from the door, smiling nervously. "I hope I haven't 
interrupted you." Smiling, Rayani looked at her and nodded.

"Okay. What is it?" she asked, wrapping her tail around Washu's wrist as the 
scientist tried taking a blood sample from her.

"I think Ryoko is going somewhere, since she took Ryo-ohki away." Washu got 
up at once, nearly pushing Rayani over.

"Okay. Let's go."

Ryo-ohki had already transformed into the huge spaceship and was waiting 
patiently for Ryoko's orders. Washu burst out of the door, worried. "Ryoko, 
where are you going? Are you following Yume?" Washu gasped, not bothering to 
close the door behind her. Ryoko cocked her head in curiosity.

"You knew that Yume came?" Ryoko asked slowly. Washu laughed airily.

"Of course I knew. I detected her ship when it got closer. I thought you 
could handle it, so I didn't say anything. Are you really going after Yume 
and Hishima?" Washu asked quietly. Ryoko nodded grimly. Washu smiled and 
clapped her hands. "Okay then, we'll go with you! Let's go and get Kenny 
back!"

=====

Magaru and Jakato had run out of fuel and were floating perilously between 
an asteroid belt and Jupiter. "Damn it!" Jakato yelled, banging his fist on 
the control board. "I forgot to check the fuel levels when we stole this 
ship!" Magaru patted his back.

"It's okay. We're alive, thanks to Washu, and I'm sure a patrol ship will 
pick us up soon," Magaru said, giving Jakato a hug, who returned the favor 
with a kiss on the cheek. Magaru shivered and danced about in joy.

The whole ship shuddered as an enormous spacecraft tore into the asteroid 
belt. It suddenly deployed the reverse boosters and made an about-face. A 
screen popped up and flashed. It was a mischievous looking girl with cat 
ears. "THERE you are!" the girl exclaimed. Jakato and Magaru were 
dumbstruck.

"Who are you?" Magaru asked, disregarding all manners and polite 
introductions. The girl laughed.

"I am Yume, the greatest SUPERgenius in the whole universe. Ka--" She was 
cut short by a remark from Jakato.

"I thought the greatest genius was Washu Hakubi," he pondered aloud. Yume 
fell down.

"Well, I am. Forget her. Anyways," she continued as if that little 
conversation never happened, "Kagato hired me to get Ryoko's son AND his 
own. We'll tow you to Kagato's ship all right?" Jakato's jaw fell open.

"But--but I thought Tenchi Masaki killed my father!" he sputtered. Yume 
shrugged.

"Well, he looked pretty beaten up when he called me. He just called on--" An 
earth-shattering crash threw Yume to the floor and Magaru into the seat 
behind her. "What was that?" Yume stammered as she got to her feet, swaying 
slightly. Is if in answer to her question, another screen popped up. Magaru 
gasped.

"There you guys are! Give Kenny back!" Ryoko roared in fury. "Ryo-ohki, 
attack!" There was more shaking as Yume attached a tow cord to Jakato's 
stolen ship.
The two connected ships wheeled around and sped off towards Kagato's ship in 
the distance. Yume's ship had a visible fuel leak so they had to make it 
posthaste.

Ryoko ordered Ryo-ohki to follow them, her limbs quivering in rage. Jakato 
was unconscious because he had bonked his head on the window when Ryo-ohki 
hit them with an energy beam. Magaru had put a conveniently placed helmet on 
Jakato to prevent any further injury and one on her own head. By the looks 
of the figures on the status screen, their outer hull was dented and their 
fuel tank was ruptured, which didn't really matter, since they had no fuel 
left anyways.

Yume gave Hishima the signal to steer the ship into a huge spacecraft that 
looked like a more primitive version of the Soja. Magaru managed to drag 
Jakato out and follow Yume and Hishima, who was carrying Kenny, into a wide 
corridor. Yume stopped and turned around, gesturing for Hishima to pick 
Jakato up also. "Thank you, Hishima," Yume said when he caught up. She 
stopped at a tall door and entered a code in the keypad to the left. The 
door slid open slowly, causing Magaru to back away in apprehension.

Kagato was standing, aided by some crutches, in front of a huge window with 
his back to the door. He heard the door open and turned around. "Ah, there 
you are, Yume. Thank you for your help. Here's your payment." Kagato bend 
down slowly and picked up a sack at his feet. He tossed it to Yume, who 
caught it deftly.
"I'll be seeing you, then," she said, and stalked off with Hishima, leaving 
Jakato and Magaru alone with Kagato. Jakato had woken up and was rubbing his 
head painfully.

"Son," Kagato said, his voice dangerously calm. "What are you doing with 
that girl?" Jakato choked.

"Father--I--er," Jakato stammered, "--she's my--" Jakato couldn't finish his 
sentence.

"Your WHAT?" Kagato snapped. "Your girlfriend?" Jakato gulped and nodded 
slowly, dreading what his father was going to do now. To his immense 
surprise, Kagato smiled. "And what about that girl interests, you?" Jakato 
didn't answer, unable to believe his luck.

"Father, you're not angry?" he asked, moving a bit closer. Kagato cleared 
his throat loudly.

"No. I am just glad that Ryoko did not harm you to any extremes." Jakato 
nodded and sat down on a metal box. Magaru looked pale as she joined Jakato.

"What's wrong, Maggie?" Jake asked, keeping his voice down.

"I thought your father was dead," she whispered in reply. Jakato shrugged.

"Father, I was wondering...I thought Tenchi Masaki killed you," Jakato 
asked, raising his voice slightly. Kagato laughed creepily.

"He did...twenty years ago. I'll tell you about it some other time," Kagato 
replied flatly, as if closing the conversation. There was silence for a 
while, then they heard a soft grunt. Kenny had woken up and last and began 
stirring.

"Wh--where am I?" he moaned, rubbing his head. He saw Magaru and Jakato 
sitting together and fell silent, glaring at them in fury.

=====

Washu decided that it was best to stay off the primitive Soja lest they push 
whoever had Kenny to kill him. Ryoko was staring blankly into space as the 
rest of her companions slept. It amused her to watch Ayeka snore softly, 
sitting up with Sasami using her legs as a pillow. Ryoko suddenly heard a 
different breathing pattern. It was different, more familiar. She turned 
around and yelled in joy.

"Tenchi!" she whooped, leaping into the air and skidding to a stop next to 
her sleeping husband. He opened one brown eye and grinned.

"Hello, Ryoko," he whispered. Ryoko hugged him, crying uncontrollably.

"Tenchi, why--you're--" She couldn't finish and continued sobbing joyfully. 
Tenchi sat up and gave her an equally loving hug.

"Tsunami told me that the temptation to ask me to sleep with her was too 
great, so she just sent me back. Stop crying, hey, please..." Ryoko tried, 
and it worked, and she contented herself by burying her face in his chest, 
her back heaving up and down.

All of Ryoko's sobbing had woken up the rest of the crew, and they all 
yelled happily when they saw Tenchi. After much hugging, sobbing, and the 
like, they told the prince their reason for being out in space. Tenchi was 
infuriated by the fact that Yume kidnapped Kenny. "I can't believe her!" he 
growled. Tenchi caught sight of the Soja-ship and pulled a disgusted face. 
"Is that the Soja? Washu?" He turned to Washu for an answer. The genius 
snorted indignantly.

"Of course not. That's such simple structure that I'm sure Kagato built it 
himself," she retorted. Tenchi nodded in understanding. They all brought 
Tenchi up to date with what was happening, and Ryoko was pleased to note 
that Tenchi did not approve of Magaru's relationship with Jakato.

A screen suddenly appeared, startling the group. "Kagato!" Ryoko yelled. 
Kagato smirked in a smug way.

"Prince Tenchi, you're alive," he said calmly. "We are back to our old 
conflict. You see, I have your son." Tenchi scowled and gave him a piercing 
glare that did not daunt Kagato one bit.

"If you harm my son, I will make sure you pay!" he growled in rage.

"You have my word that I will not hurt him, as long as you come to me, on my 
ship, understood?" Kagato said slowly. Ryoko sneered insolently at him.

"The word of an eternally wanted criminal isn't worth much," she spat. 
Kagato sneered in equal scorn.

"When I say you have my word, you should believe me, because I do not think 
you want anything to happen to your precious boy," Kagato snarled, then 
closed the comm port. Ayeka gave Ryoko a disapproving glance as the pirate 
issued her command to the cabbit ship.

"Ryo-ohki, get to that ship!" Ryo-ohki meowed in compliance as she sped 
towards the opening cargo bay.

=====

"Father, look what you've done," Jake said, kicking Kenny ruthlessly. 
"They're coming now, and they'll kill us!" He held Magaru's hand to stop it 
from its violent shaking. "Calm down," Jakato muttered. Magaru sighed and 
stopped at once because of the melting feeling that swept through her body. 
Kagato began pacing, many thoughts racing through his head.

"Son," he said suddenly, "take the boy and leave for a planet, any planet. 
Leave a message on my computer to tell me where you've gone." Jakato knew it 
would be no good to argue, so he stood up and reached for Kenny. Kenny gave 
him an adept kick in the face and a punch in the belly. Kagato sighed as he 
watched Jakato double over in pain. "What a bother you are," he said, 
throwing a force globe at Kenny.  Jakato straightened up as Kenny pounded on 
the clear walls of the force globe. "Just push it to your ship," Kagato 
said, turning around. Jakato nodded as he pushed the globe towards his ship, 
Magaru at his side.

=====

Tenchi and the others raced down a corridor, hoping that it would lead to 
Kagato. As Washu said, the ship was very simple and every passage probably 
led to one main chamber. They burst through a wall, looking about with alert 
eyes as the dust settled. Kagato was standing with his back to them, 
motionless. Tenchi was about to walk over and try to get an explanation out 
of the pirate, but Ryoko stopped him. "Shadow," she said tersely.

Washu laughed. "Here. Throw this at him." The genius pulled a large 
limestone rock from her pocket and handed it to Ryoko. Ryoko took the rock 
and looked from Ayeka to Tenchi. All three sighed when they heard Mihoshi 
trip and fall. Sasami helped Mihoshi up, grinning.

"Why would Washu have this?" Ryoko muttered to Tenchi, glancing at her 
mother, who was whispering something to Rayani. Grinning, Rayani leapt into 
the air, disappearing and reappearing to the right of Kagato, just beyond 
his sight. She caught Ryoko's eye and gave her a thumbs up. Ryoko smiled 
mischievously and hurled the rock at Kagato's back. It hit him right between 
his shoulder blades, causing him to yell and rub his back angrily.

"Why you wretched girl!" he howled, glaring at Ryoko. Rayani disappeared and 
appeared behind Kagato as he turned around. She grabbed him by the head and 
put her green sword at his throat. Kagato stopped moving at once, smirking 
at Rayani.

"That's not a very good way to keep me hostage," he said calmly. Rayani 
jerked his head upwards so that Kagato was staring right at her.

"Quiet! Don't think I've forgotten what you did to me 5,000 years ago!" 
Rayani growled. Kagato laughed evilly.

"Really, do you think you'd still be alive if I hadn't done what I did?" he 
said, smiling. "Don't think you would have lasted so long if I hadn't done 
it. Perhaps the professor will agree with me." Rayani gave him a tearful 
glare and pushed the sword a little harder onto his throat.

"Now," Tenchi said, walking closer, "where is my son?" Kagato sniffed 
angrily and disregarded Tenchi's demands, glancing at Rayani's green eyes.

"My, my," Kagato said, never losing control of his voice. "You're very 
beautiful. Let me go." Rayani narrowed her eyes in rage, striving to control 
her temper.

"Silence! I know what you're trying to do, and it won't work! Try and seduce 
me again and I'll make SURE that Tenchi gets his sword right--between--your 
eyes!" she growled. Kagato, undaunted, smiled and looked at Tenchi.

"Prince Tenchi, if you kill me, you will never find your precious boy."

"Tell me where he is!" Tenchi rumbled, his nose almost touching Kagato's. 
Kagato opened his mouth to answer, but a comm screen appeared. It was 
Jakato.

"Father, how--" Jakato stopped when he saw his father being restrained by 
that blue-haired woman and Prince Tenchi.

"I got him!" Washu yelled. "Sector 381B! Leave Kagato here and let's go!" 
Washu gestured for Tenchi to come. Ryoko growled as Tenchi reached her.

"Kill Kagato!" Ryoko groaned, tired of seeing their old nemesis return 
constantly. Tenchi shook his head and smiled, giving Ryoko a kiss.

"No. Can't you see it? He couldn't break Rayani's grip OR teleport away. 
He's too weak to do anything right now." Ryoko laughed but persisted 
stubbornly.

"He'll keep coming back, though," she said, watching Rayani, who was 
furiously saying something to Kagato.

"If he comes back, we can take care of it," Tenchi said flatly, not wanting 
to start a long argument. Ryoko sighed and gave in, nodding to Rayani and 
signaling for her to leave the space pirate. She nodded and pushed him none 
too gently to the floor as she walked over. They all laughed and ran over to 
Ayeka, who was waiting patiently for them to come.

When they had left, Kagato slowly got to his feet. "Foolish boy!" Kagato 
said, still controlling himself. Both father and son watched Ryo-ohki zoom 
off into space. "I could have reasoned with them and gotten something out of 
their little visit! Curse my luck." Jakato shrugged.

"At least they didn't kill you," Jakato said slowly. Kagato shook his head.

"Please understand, my boy, that if Ryoko gets her way, you'll be killed. 
Don't you know that Tenchi is the Prince of Jurai? His power is 
unbelievable. The professor must have a lock on your engine signature," 
Kagato continued. "You'll have to talk with them until I get there," he 
said, walking towards the gap in the wall, still able to keep up a dignified 
stride.

"What then?" Jakato snapped suddenly, his eyes blazing. "I just stand there 
and watch you get killed? Again?" His father laughed and did not turn around 
as he replied.

"Understand the facts. I have only truly died once, and that was when I had 
my battle with Prince Tenchi on the Soja twenty years ago." Jakato looked 
extremely shocked. He seemed speechless for a moment, then gulped and smiled 
weakly.

"I--I see. I'm sorry, father." Kagato sighed and smiled to himself as Jakato 
closed the comm port.

=====

Ryoko sat next to Tenchi, staring out at the stars. "So this is trouble's 
form, eh, Tenchi?" she laughed. "Kagato again..."

