~~~~~
RAYANI: Here's Chapter Two!
MAGARU: Isn't this a touching story?
RAYANI: Hey, hey! I didn't mean for this story to be a touching one!
MAGARU: So what?
RAYANI: Hmph. Anyways, we first have the disclaimer. We fully know that all 
these character rightfully belong to Pioneer and AIC, and we know that we 
don't own these characters.
MAGARU: Okay, we've satisfied the lawyers, now we have to satisfy the 
readers!
RAYANI: So we give you...
MAGARU: Chapter Two: For the Sake of Friendship.

~~~~~

Chapter Two: For the Sake of Friendship

Maggie and Jake were thrown out of the vortex and landed on a soft, green 
hill. "Jake, where are we?" she murmured, her voice quivering. Jake was 
looking around.

"We're on Jurai..." Jake looked at the garden and pointed. "That's Princess 
Ayeka's garden. We'd better steal a ship and leave. Maggie sighed in relief.

"Let's go to Earth. I want to apologize to Ryoko," she said, getting up 
slowly and helping her new love also. Jake shook his head.

"She'll kill you. You wouldn't believe the stories my father told me about 
Ryoko Hakubi."

"Ryoko Masaki," Maggie corrected. He nodded and waved his hand impatiently.

"Yes, whatever, Ryoko Masaki. We'd better leave quickly or the Juraians will 
find us. I think the ship hangar it over there," Jakato whispered, pointing 
to their right and giving Maggie a kiss on the cheek. Maggie shuddered in 
delight and steadied Jake as they shared her cloak.

When they found the hangar, Maggie and Jake hid behind an enormous tree and 
ripped her cloak up to make bandages for the wound Tenchi gave him. When he 
felt better, they slunk into the shadows, examining the best ship to take. 
There was a beautiful ship that Magaru wanted to use, but Jake pointed out 
that the beautiful ship was none other than the king's ship and, 
consequently, would be the most heavily guarded. After much deliberation, 
they settled on an old-looking ship that was scratched and chipped. Maggie 
looked a bit put out, but when Jakato gave her a passionate kiss, she felt 
like submitting to anything.

Jake used his strange penguin model to render the guards unconscious, then 
boarded the small, scratched ship while carrying Maggie. The control board 
was similar to the model on his father's ship, so it was no problem getting 
out of the hangar. They left Jurai, carefully avoiding the checkpoint 
stations, and laughed at their own cunning and cleverness. Jakato wanted to 
go to a beautiful resort planet and spend time with his "little sweet tart" 
and ended up with having Maggie in fits of joyful laughter.

Magaru was firmly against going anywhere but Earth, no matter how much he 
coaxed and sweet-talked. After fifteen minutes, Jake finally gave in and 
turned the ship back towards Earth. "Do you like it there, Maggie? I mean, 
on Colonial Planet #0315?" he asked, putting an arm around her shoulder. A 
wave of shivers shot down her back, and she smiled in delight.

"Yes, it's very nice there," she replied when she regained control of 
herself. Jake snorted.

"But it's a colonial planet. So primitive," Jakato remarked contemptuously. 
"I can't believe the GREAT Washu actually lives there." Maggie didn't answer 
and spent the rest of the journey in silence.

~~~~~

Ryoko was taking a nap up on the rafter she hadn't been on in twenty years. 
Kenny had taken all of this badly; he shut himself in his room and refused 
to eat anything or do anything at all. It was lucky that he was on a break 
from school. Princess Ayeka resided in her old room, which was kept empty 
after she left. Sasami was back to her precious kitchen and was humming an 
old Juraian song, trying not to think of what they could have all done 
together if the cursed Kagato hadn't returned. Ryo-ohki was following Sasami 
about the kitchen because she wanted some carrots and because Ryoko swatted 
at her every time she tried comforting the distressed space pirate.

Washu shut herself in her lab and was thinking about revenge, but the 
thought of Tsunami stopped her. They had all agreed on waiting until Ryoko 
overcame most of her sorrow before attempting to talk to her. Nobiyuki and 
Yosho had several sake drinking bouts under a cherry tree in the back yard. 
Mihoshi seemed clumsier than before and wandered about daydreaming. She even 
ended up walking into the lake once.

When Ryoko finally decided to speak again, she first went to Sasami, who was 
making some rice balls and miso soup. Ryo-ohki was happily munching on 
carrots in a corner and did not notice Ryoko walk in. "Sasami," Ryoko 
croaked. Sasami jumped at Ryoko's hoarse voice and turned around.

"Hi, Ryoko! What do you need?" Sasami asked, stirring the soup slowly.

"Tsu--Tsu--" Ryoko choked and couldn't finish her sentence. Her golden eyes 
welled up and she teleported away. Sasami nodded to herself.

"After dinner, we'll have time," she whispered, giving Ryo-ohki a small 
smile.

The space pirate reappeared in the lake and began swimming about underwater, 
looking for fish to catch. She knew that she wasn't really looking for fish. 
She wanted an excuse for taking a while to think. She remembered how she and 
Tenchi used to swim in the lake on hot summer days, splashing and laughing 
happily. Mihoshi used to stay in the shallows because she was a terrible 
swimmer, although she could hold out for at least ten minutes if she was 
forced to. Ryoko tried her best not to sob when she recalled the time when 
she got trapped in an underwater cave and Tenchi came to rescue her.

When Ryoko emerged, she saw a ship landing in the free space in the back 
yard. Intrigued, she flew up out of the water, her clothes soaked and 
dripping, and landed in front of the ship. Ryoko's eyes widened in anger 
when Magaru Sakari stepped out. Ryoko dashed to her and wrapped her sturdy 
fingers around Maggie's neck and began strangling her.

"I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU I NEVER WANTED TO SEE YOU AGAIN!" Ryoko yelled, 
tightening her grip. Maggie choked and squirmed about, trying to break 
Ryoko's grip. Fortunately, Washu was going outside to collect various 
spiders and saw her daughter.

"No! Ryoko, stop!" Washu yelled. Ryoko ignored her and tossed Maggie around 
by the neck.

Jake heard the yelling and rushed outside. He shrieked when he saw Maggie 
being thrown about and rushed to her aid as he pulled his father's sword 
out. Ryoko saw him out of the corner of her eye and put her foot in his 
face, giving him a bloody nose and a cut lip. Washu managed to grab Ryoko's 
arm and slapped her furiously. She wrenched Ryoko's fingers from Maggie's 
neck and glared at Ryoko.
"RYOKO, STOP!" Washu shrieked. Ryoko stroked the red mark on her cheek and 
sniffed. Maggie got up and rubbed her sore neck.

"I just--wanted to apologize," croaked Maggie. Ryoko looked ready to blast 
her, but a look from Washu made her stop. "I'm sorry--"

"Tell me, can saying 'I'm sorry' be enough to bring Tenchi back?" Maggie 
didn't answer. "Answer me!" Ryoko burst wrathfully. Maggie winced and walked 
over to Jake, cleaning his bloody face.

"No," Maggie murmured. She dipped the remains of her cloak into the lake and 
patted Jake's lip tenderly. Ryoko stormed inside, leaving Washu alone. The 
genius gave Maggie and Jake both a severe look.

"You two'd better leave. If Ryoko sees you again, she might do something 
drastic. Next time, I WON'T stop her, understood? Go," she said, jerking her 
head towards their ship. She looked at the house and saw Ryoko peering 
through the window. "I mean it. Leave. She's really angry and I wouldn't be 
surprised if she starts chasing you to get revenge." Magaru and Jakato 
needed no second warning. They gave Washu a grateful look and boarded their 
ship. Washu smiled to herself and watched as the ship flew out of sight, 
then walked inside.

Sasami waited until after Ryoko had eaten her dinner before mentioning 
Tsunami.
"Ryoko, do you want to talk to Tsunami now?" Ryoko nodded.

"Yes, please, Sasami." Sasami nodded and smiled as she cleared the plates 
and bowls away, then put them in the sink.

They all sat in the living room with Ryoko next to Sasami and Ayeka. Ryoko 
closed her eyes, thinking longingly of Tenchi. She suddenly found herself in 
a dark place.

Tsunami was standing in front of her and smiling. There was still, dark 
water all around and a Juraian tree behind the goddess. "Hello, Ryoko," she 
said calmly. Ryoko found that the tree spirit seemed to be radiating a 
soothing light. The pirate stood dumbstruck for a moment, then opened her 
mouth to speak. Tsunami held up a hand, silencing Ryoko.

"I will not bring Tenchi back," she said simply. Ryoko gave her a pleading 
look.

"Please, Tsunami," Ryoko moaned.

"Why?"

"Because...because I love him," Ryoko said quietly. Tsunami gave her a look 
that made her feel as if she was being scanned.

"I will not bring Tenchi back unless the need arises." Tenchi walked from 
behind the tree, smiling nervously. "Besides," Tsunami gave Tenchi a hug, 
"We're happy together." Ryoko looked furious.

"Hey, hey, hey! He's MY husband, not yours!" Ryoko said, accidentally 
spitting as she did.

"Yes, I know. Don't worry, I'll keep my hands to myself," said Tsunami, 
releasing Tenchi. Ryoko sighed in relief. "Go now. Your son will need you 
soon." Ryoko gave her a bemused look, but could not ask a question since she 
found herself back in the living room of her home.

Sasami would be unconscious for quite some time, but it was okay, since it 
was late at night already. Right when she was about to settle down on her 
rafter, Ryoko heard an unexplainable crash from upstairs. She phased through 
the ceiling into Kenny's room, casting her eyes about.

