-----
MAGARU: Before we begin, I have a few notices to give out. First, all first 
years--
RAYANI: Wrong fan fiction, Maggie!
MAGARU: Oh, heh heh, right. First, the disclaimer.
RAYANI: All of these characters, except for the ones with English nicknames, 
and Rayani, are all properties of Pioneer and AIC, okay? Don't sue us, 
please! The next notice, please.
MAGARU: Right. The next notice...ah, yes. Please disregard any of Rayani 
Kitsumuri's previous fan fictions for this story.
RAYANI: What's that supposed to mean?
MAGARU: PLEASE DISREGARD--
RAYANI: HEY, HEY!
MAGARU: --ANY OF RAYANI KITSUMURI'S PREVIOUS FANFICTIONS! YOU'LL REGRET IT 
IF YOU DON'T! Now, on to the story!

-----

Chapter One: Twenty Years Come and Gone

"Grandpa, please let me go into the shrine," Kenny moaned to his 
great-grandfather. Yosho sighed.

"Kenny, you need not enter that place. Come, let us begin your lesson." 
Kenny followed Yosho reluctantly to begin his lesson in swordplay.

Tenchi and Ryoko were slowly pulling the orange vegetables out of the 
ground, chatting to each other. "Haha, Tenchi, remember when Washu blew up 
the whole carrot field? That was really funny!" Ryoko laughed, pulling three 
carrots out at a time. Tenchi sighed.

"Of course. You know, after, what, twenty years, I can't believe Washu is 
still living here," Tenchi remarked, wiping sweat from his forehead and 
tossing the last of the carrots into the bulging basket. Ryoko grinned, 
picking up her basket of carrots.

"I can't believe Ayeka actually went back to Jurai after we had Kenny," 
Ryoko said, wiping dirt off her hands and clothes. Tenchi pursed his lips 
and didn't answer. They both walked in silence to the vegetable shed, where 
they set down the baskets of vegetables. They were about to go inside when 
Mihoshi burst out of the back door.

"Oh, hi! Ryoko, do you want to take Kenny's lunch up to him?" she asked, 
smiling in the oblivious way that she does.

"Sure, Mihoshi," replied Ryoko, taking the box from the still-Galaxy 
Police-officer. Rayani walked out of the door, smiling mischievously.

"Washu said she wants Tenchi in her lab," she laughed, twirling her tail. 
Tenchi sighed in despair as he plodded down to the unpredictable scientist's 
lab in the broom closet after giving Ryoko a swift kiss. Ryoko chuckled and 
teleported to a close distance from where Kenny was taught. Ryoko and Tenchi 
took great care to hide their powers from Kenny, and did a good job, 
considering the seventeen years they did it.

"Kenny, I brought you lunch!" Ryoko called, walking into view. Kenny 
momentarily lost his concentration, resulting in a bonk on the head by the 
piece of wood he was hitting with his wooden katana. Yosho cleared his 
throat.

"Good afternoon, Ryoko," he said cheerfully. He turned to Kenny, "Never let 
anything distract you from your focus. You're just like your father; strong, 
but you need more concentration. Ryoko, please demonstrate."

"Me? After twenty years, I don't know if I can still do this," Ryoko said, 
taking the katana from Kenny. "All right then," she sighed reluctantly when 
she saw the eager look on Kenny's face. Yosho picked up a handful of pebbles 
and began lobbing them at Ryoko. The katana became a blur as Ryoko deflected 
the pebbles deftly. Kenny's mouth was hanging open when Ryoko finished.

"Wow," he finally managed to say. Yosho laughed quietly.

"You've slowed down, Ryoko. Tenchi can do better," Yosho said, smiling. 
Ryoko shrugged in indifference.

Before any more conversation could be made, there was a tremendous 
earthquake, knocking Kenny to the ground. Kenny was amazed to find his 
grandfather and mother still standing. Ryoko began running and called over 
her shoulder, "She's back! She's back!" Yosho smiled and began slowly down 
the steps of the shrine. Kenny looked to his silent grandfather.

"Who's back? Why's Mom so happy?" Kenny asked. Yosho did not answer, but led 
him down the steps.

Kenny gasped when he saw what caused the earthquake. A huge spaceship had 
crashed in the pond, and also destroyed half of the wide jetty. Ryoko was 
hugging a purple-haired woman, who was smiling, tears flowing down her 
cheeks. A blue haired girl was playing with Ryo-ohki and giggling crazily. 
Kenny was very confused. He remembered the photographs in his parents' room, 
and laughed when he remembered one picture of his mother when she was drunk 
on sake. He ran down and stood a bit away from his mother, who was laughing 
joyfully. The purple-haired woman caught sight of Kenny and pulled herself 
off Ryoko. She moved closer to Kenny, examining him carefully.

"You must be Kenuru! You've grown so big! Last time I saw you, you were only 
a baby! You look so handsome, just like your father! Even if you ARE Ryoko's 
son," she added in an undertone. Ryoko heard and growled indignantly.

"Hey! What's that supposed to mean?" she said, walking over to Kenny. Kenny 
heard a tantalizing note in his mother's voice that he had never heard 
before. The purple-haired woman sniffed airily.

"You haven't changed at all. I remember that horrible day that Tenchi--that 
Tenchi proposed to...you..."

=====

Ayeka went downstairs to get a drink of water when she heard a rustling 
noise. Forgetting about her thirst, she slunk into the shadows of the living 
room, where the noises were coming from. It was about one in the morning, a 
time when everybody, even Washu, when she's not doing a super-important 
experiment, was sleeping. Ayeka heard a sleepy yawn and Ryoko's tired voice.

"Tenchi, whassa matter?" she yawned. Ayeka tried to stifle her gasp. Then 
she heard Tenchi's voice.

"Ryoko, this is important. Wake up."

"All right, I'm awake. What's so important?"

"Ryoko--will--will you--marry me?"

"Why--Tenchi--okay!"

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Ayeka yelled. She leapt out of the shadows, her face 
pale. Tenchi wheeled around and gasped.

"A--Ayeka!" he choked, turning extremely red. Ryoko laughed and put her 
hands on her hips.

"Well, I guess Tenchi chose me," she said. Ryoko held out her hand. "Truce?" 
Ayeka sobbed and bounded upstairs into her room without a second glance.

Sasami woke up when Ayeka slammed the door closed. She rubbed sleep out of 
her eyes and yawned. "What's the matter, sis?" she said, trying and failing 
to stifle another yawn. "Ayeka," said Sasami, becoming fully awake, "really, 
what's the matter?" Ayeka's lip quivered and she buried her face in her 
hands.

"Ryoko-Ryoko's going to-marry Tenchi," she managed to sob, then broke out 
crying into her pillow. Sasami patted her back sympathetically.

"It's okay, sis. Ayeka, please stop crying. Ayeka?" Ayeka wasn't responding 
to anything. It was as if she lapsed into another world, a nightmare world.

That morning, Nobiyuki went into fits of joy when Ryoko announced to 
everyone that she and Tenchi were going to get married. He ran up the 
stairs, down the stairs, to the shrine, to Achika's tombstone, and back in 
only ten minutes. Tenchi looked extremely nervous, because he felt that he 
hurt Ayeka's feelings and the other girls. Mihoshi just shrugged and 
congratulated them, Sasami was giggly for the whole morning, and Washu, like 
Nobiyuki, went into fits of joy that her demon daughter finally did 
something right. Kiyone, who was at a Galaxy Police rehabilitation center a 
few galaxies away because of Mihoshi's latest accident, had no idea.

=====

"Well, anyways, I have been ruling the EMPIRE under instruction from my 
father. You seem as lazy as you always were." Ryoko roared and threw a punch 
at Ayeka.

"Ayeka, of course YOU'D be doing that!" roared Ryoko. Washu tried pulling 
Ryoko away.

"No! Not in front of Kenny!" she yelled. Ryoko pushed her away as strange 
little logs appeared around the woman called Ayeka. The blue-haired girl had 
disappeared, and Tenchi was sitting on the porch, sighing in despair. Kenny 
yelled in shock and backed away as what looked like an orange sword erupted 
from his mother's hand. Ryoko brought it down on Ayeka, but the little logs 
provided a shield.

What happened after that was a blur. Kenny suddenly found himself in his 
living room, and everyone was around him in the sofa and the floor. "Kenny, 
we have something to tell you," Washu said solemnly. Kenny gave them a 
surprised look.

"What do you mean, Grandma?" Kenny asked. Tenchi sighed.

"I am the prince of planet Jurai," he said slowly. Tenchi saw his jaw fall 
open. Ryoko disappeared from her seat and reappeared next to the petrified 
Kenny.

"I'm not really thirty-seven years old. I'm 5,000 years old," said Ryoko 
slowly. "I never had a real father, since Washu created me in a lab. I can 
fly, teleport, and blast things." Kenny looked like he was about to faint 
with shock. It was Washu's turn.

"I'm not really forty-eight years old. Rayani and I are 20,000 years old." 
Washu sighed and gave him a supporting look. Rayani was floating in the air, 
trying to stifle her laughter. His other grandfather, Nobiyuki, was smiling.

"I am the first princess of planet Jurai," Ayeka said quietly. This was all 
too much for Kenny, and he passed out.

When he woke up, the blue-haired girl was standing over him. "Hi! I'm 
Sasami," she said cheerfully. He stared into her bright pink eyes. "Know 
what? Another one of our friends showed up!" A black-haired girl about as 
tall as Rayani walked in.

"Hi! I'm Magaru Sakari, but just call me Maggie. Nice to meet you!" Maggie 
said. Rayani walked in and laughed.

"Maggie! You're back! How long has it been...what, 700 years?" Rayani said, 
hovering in the air. Magaru shoved her friend away.

"It hasn't been THAT long! It's only been twenty years!" Magaru said 
playfully.

There was another earthquake, eradicating half of the living room. A man 
with silver-blond hair and gray eyes floated into the disastrous mess of the 
living room. Ryoko ran in and produced her sword at once, getting in front 
of Kenny. Tenchi pulled out his Tenchiken and produced the glowing blue 
blade. He, too, moved in front of Kenny. "Who are you?" Tenchi asked, his 
voice dangerously calm. The man smirked, and he looked oddly familiar.

"I come for the one you call Washu. My name is Jakato, but you may call me 
Jake," he said pompously. "Come with me, Washu Hakubi." Washu scowled and 
went into her adult form.

"Get away. I don't care," she said, a few feet talker that Jake. Before she 
could say anything else, a man with gray hair and yellow eyes walked into 
the mess. "Kagato!" Washu gasped. Kagato smiled.

"Professor Washu, I need you to do something for me," Kagato said. "I need 
the blueprints of the Soja."

Maggie was oblivious to all that was happening. When she locked eyes with 
Jakato, her mind had gone blissfully blank as they stared into each other's 
eyes. She felt a great calmness and unspeakable joy as she smiled longingly. 
Maggie found herself thinking of getting to know him and learning of his 
past. Magaru loved that silver-blond hair he had and the way his gray eyes 
bore into her mind. She waved dreamily and said, "Hi."

Every stopped looking at Kagato to look at Maggie. It was as if she was in a 
trance, waving absentmindedly at Jake. Washu waved a hand in her face, but 
Maggie's eyes looked distant and glazed. She was smiling and staring, 
oblivious to everything. Jakato, seizing this chance, bounded over and 
grabbed Washu.

Jakato had managed to escape with only a gash in his back from the Light 
Hawk sword. He and Kagato sat down for tea, smiling triumphantly. "Well 
done, my son," Kagato said, patting Jake on the shoulder. Jake winced, but 
smiled and looked at Washu, who was on a holo-computer. The glass containing 
her cracked as the wires embedded in it stopped glowing. Kagato stood up at 
once. Washu, who was back into her twelve-year-old body, smiled.

"I found a lot of flaws in your program. Your ship should be malfunctioning 
soon." Washu was true to her word. The lights on the ship began blinking on 
and off, and the whole ship began jerking wildly.

"Put--it--right!" Kagato bellowed. Washu pushed the button on her keypad and 
the ship stopped. She was grinning.

Suddenly, Tenchi and Ryoko burst through the wall of the ship. Tenchi and 
Ryoko had their swords out. Rayani followed, her green energy sword out, 
too. Maggie and Kenny walked in slowly; Kenny was very nervous, and Maggie 
was looking dreamily at Jakato, regardless of the thick dust.

"Prince Tenchi, another battle? Come then!"

Kagato pulled out a sword hilt and produced a dark green blade; very 
different from what he used 20 years ago. He lunged at Tenchi, who dodged 
and slashed Kagato on the shoulder, but to no avail. There was a great 
rumble and Tenchi was thrown into a stone pillar. Ayeka and Ryoko gasped. 
"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka yelled, holding Sasami close to her.

"Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled, flying up to the hole in the pillar. Tenchi was 
quivering with fury in his Juraian battle armor. The four marks on his face 
were present. "Come on, Tenchi!" Ryoko said, smiling and changing into her 
red and black battle suit. She flew Tenchi down and wiped his head of blood 
lovingly. "Just like old times, right?" Tenchi nodded and smiled, then faced 
Kagato.

He and Kagato lunged at the same time. With a blinding flash, Tenchi and 
Kagato had their backs to each other. Kagato straightened up as Tenchi 
looked over his shoulder. Kagato smiled and started to disappear like smoke. 
"You did it again. Well done," he said, smiling before completely swirling 
away. Tenchi sighed.

"That was easier than before," Tenchi said, smiling. Ryoko hugged him and 
shivered in joy. Ayeka landed on them both.

"Lord Tenchi, you haven't changed at all!" Ayeka wailed.

Jake and Kenny were looking at each other from 100 feet away, their eyes 
flaring. "Was that your father?" Jakato asked, cocking his head. Kenny 
nodded, trying to keep his temper in check. "YOUR father killed my father. 
How about that?" Jake said haughtily. Tenchi managed to break away from 
Ryoko and Ayeka and looked at Jake. Jakato glared at him and lunged. Tenchi 
dodged him punch easily. Jake picked up his father's sword and tried held it 
out in front of him, producing the dark green blade. It drained him of a lot 
of energy, but he kept it up and poised to attack. When Tenchi put up the 
Juraian stance, he seemed to be radiating good and powerful energy. Ayeka 
was shooting Ryoko angry glances as if she was still angry that Tenchi chose 
Ryoko.

Jake leaped, sword ready, and brought it down. Tenchi blocked it easily and 
forced Jake to the ground, giving him a deep gash in his chest. "I'll--kill 
you," Jake managed to say, "because you killed my father." Tenchi turned 
away, head bowed. Ryoko went up to him as he put his Light Hawk sword in his 
belt.

"Tenchi," she murmured, if you don't kill him, he'll get you again!" Tenchi 
shook his head, but gave her a hug.

"You do what you think is right, Ryoko," Tenchi muttered, giving Ryoko a 
solemn look. Her eyes were glittering with manic excitement that he hadn't 
seen in twenty years. Ryoko nodded and produced her energy sword. Kenny was 
standing a way off, unable to comprehend what was happening.

"Good-bye, Jake," Ryoko said, raising her sword. Maggie ran and stopped 
Ryoko before her sword impaled the pale Jakato.

"No! Don't kill him!" she yelled, giving Ryoko a pleading look. The former 
space pirate lowered her sword in amazement.

"What? Why?" Maggie turned pink and ran her fingers through her hair. Jake 
got up slowly, wincing. Maggie went over and helped him, an act that 
infuriated Ryoko. Maggie had no idea what Jake was doing as he turned slowly 
towards Kenny and threw the sword.

Tenchi realized the danger and dashed to Kenny, pushing his son away. The 
sword streaked through his chest and clattered to the ground. Tenchi 
staggered back and fell to his knees. Ryoko was at his side at once, 
cradling his head. "No..." she said, tears trailing down her cheeks. 
"Washu!" Ryoko yelled, but Washu was already coming. "Washu, please, make 
Tenchi better...please...no, Tenchi..." Tenchi had put his hand on Ryoko's 
cheek, smiling feebly.

"Ryoko, t--take care--of--Kenny..." he choked as a small trickle of blood 
flowed from the corner of his mouth.

"No, don't talk like that, Tenchi. No..."

"I--I--love--all of--you..." Tenchi voice trailed off as he closed his eyes. 
Ryoko and Ayeka wailed mournfully, both crying and shaking as they sobbed. 
Ryoko stopped abruptly and slowly turned to Maggie, who was enjoying being 
held by Jakato.

"Happy now?!" Ryoko roared, tears streaming down her cheeks. "My husband is 
dead because of you! Get out of my sight! I never want to see you again!" 
Ryoko produced her sword and walked slowly towards Maggie. "You have three 
seconds," Ryoko said quietly, her voice trembling, "to get off this ship 
before I kill you both!" She held up one finger. "One..."

"Jake, what do we do?' Maggie whispered, starting to feel the pangs of 
panic. Jake pulled out what looked strangely like a little penguin model and 
pushed the head.

"...two..." Ryoko walked a bit closer, still crying. Maggie began backing 
away apprehensively.

"...THREE." Ryoko leaped at them, getting ready to slash them both through 
the heart. A time vortex opened and pulled Jake and Maggie in before Ryoko 
could kill them. The space pirate bellowed in rage as the vortex closed, 
leaving Ryoko with only air in front of her. "NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

Kenny was sitting next to his father, his eyes glazed over and his mind 
racing. Only a few hours ago he had found out that his father was a prince, 
his mother a strange brute woman with terrifying powers, and his genius 
grandmother and his aunt Rayani were 20,000 years old. Now his father was 
dead, auntie Ayeka was crying, and Magaru was in love with someone who tried 
killing him. Kenny watched his mother pounding the ship floor in anguish, 
yelling Tenchi's name. His grandmother Washu had attached some wires to 
Tenchi and was attempting to revive him, but nothing was working. Even 
Rayani, who normally was bouncing around everywhere, was unusually quiet and 
subdued.

Ryoko stopped pounding the floor and walked back to the big group of 
bleary-eyed friends. She sat down next to Tenchi and stroked his cold cheek. 
Ripping the wires off of Tenchi, she lifted his head and kissed his lips, 
regardless of the cold that sent shocks throughout her body. Ryoko fell 
forward, sobbing uncontrollably. Washu glanced at Rayani, and then jerked 
her head towards Ryoko. Rayani gave her a confused look and smiled 
nervously. Washu sighed and shook her head. The genius walked over to her 
daughter and put an arm around her shoulder.

"I'm sorry, Ryoko," Washu said quietly.  Ryoko stopped sobbing and had a 
distant look. Washu gave her a loving squeeze and put her head on Ryoko's 
shoulder. Washu thought Ryoko had calmed down, but she suddenly broke out 
crying again. Ayeka was silent, but her chest was heaving up and down as she 
hugged her little sister, Sasami, who had buried her face in her knees.

Rayani was struck with a sudden idea. "Hey," she said suddenly, making 
everyone jump. "Why don't we, er, Ryoko talk to Tsunami and get her to bring 
Tenchi back?" Ryoko stopped crying and looked at the floor.

"She won't do it," Ryoko choked.

"Maybe she will," Sasami said hopefully. Ryoko shook her head.

"Remember last time we fought Kagato, we needed Tenchi badly?" Ryoko 
muttered, still staring at the floor. "She brought him back because he was 
needed, but now..." Washu gave Ryoko another hug.

"We've got to try, right? I don't want to see you so unhappy, now that 
you've...been happier than you've ever been." Kenny was very confused.

"Who's Tsunami? Who's Kagato? Can Tsunami really bring Dad back?" he asked, 
blurting out questions.

"We'll explain on our way home. First, let's get out of here," Washu 
replied, calling Ryo-ohki. They all boarded and left sadly for Okayama, 
Japan.

