                          The Power Of Masamune

The power of masamune is unqualled and to believe that boy tenchi masaki has
the power of the ultimate power of the Dragon hearts wings and the legendary
sword Masamune.i cant believe that this boy beat Zanon.it almost uheard of
he
was the strongest fighter in the universe,and to believe this overpowered
him
and he now had the power of the Dragon hearts wings.Tenchi am afraid that i
am
gonna have to kill you,you killed Zanon and know i am gonna kill you.

                          The Masaki house

It was 6:00 clock in the morning when tenchi had gotten up.tenchi had to get
up earl because washu was goin to do a seris load of test which would take a
very long time.tenchi had just awoken

uhh tenchi what are you doin up so early in the morning.asked ryoko

i have to go and get all the test done in the morning so i wont have to do
them later,just go to sleep ok my love.

as tenchi got dressed and he went to the bathroom.tenchi started to brush
his
teeth when he started to remember when everthing had changed completely.

to believe he thought(i cant believed everthin had changed so much in three
days,ayeka left,i have the Dragon hearts wing witch washu says is stronger
than the ligth hawks wings,and this sword Masamune mergerd with the
tenchi-ken
which give it god like power if not greater,i told ryoko that she was the
one
i loved,the crazed maniac Zanon tried to kill ryoko but failed.)

after tenchi finished brushing his teeth he went downstairs where sasami was
still asleep.tenchi went into washu lab,where washu was already up and was
just waiting for him.

goodmorning little washu.how are you feeling.asked tenchi

goodmorning tenchi i am doing fine,tenchi do you know why your here.

yes i am here because you said you wanted to do test on me and try to solve
th
epower of thr Dragon hearts wings,and the sword Masamune.

correct!,oh tenchi you wont be going to practice to day with your
grandfarther
i told him that i would teach him to day.tenchi for our first test is a one
one one battle with him.

who?asked tenchi

him,he is Model00,you re to try to beat Model00 in a classic sword fight
useing Masamune.

ok little washu your the boss.

oh and tenchi he is programed to kill so be prepared.

HE IS PROGRAMED TO DO WHAT?

get ready tenchi here he comes!

get ready Model00 cuz tenchi masaki is comine to get you.
                       Tenchi Vs Model00

a great battle ensued with tenchi and Model00.tenchi was suprised that
Model00
a sword just like ryoko but just a tad weaker.the battle was close.every
time
tenchi would attack he would get countered be Model00,it seem like 20
minutes
that Model00 and tenchi were sparing when model00 attacked tenchi.tenchi
slipped and Masamune went straight into Model00.

very good tenchi! cheered washu.

th....that was hard r.r.real hard.he huffed and puffd from being so tired
from
battleing Model00.

little washu that thing almost beat me,if i didnt slip and the sword didt
stick up and run threw Model00 the battle would have ensued.

that probably true but nonetheless you beat him.

he tenchi take this,this is a drink that will revitalize you.

i dont know w..uh little washu,but alright.he drank the drink and in one
minute he was completely revitalized.

very good tenchi very tenchi but no fight Model01.

aww na heck na you must be kiddin me i allmost got killed bye Model00 and
you
want me to fight this model?are you serious.

well yes, i need to see the power of the dragon hearts wings,and well they
didnt get clled on so well you must fight him,then your done for today.

(man for someone being the smartest in the universe she sometime acts like
the
biggest bitch in the universe)tenchi thought.

very well little washu but after this i am gonna get me somethin to eat.

here he is.

                      Tenchi Vs Model01

the battle started with Model01 shooting an extreme laser shot at him.tenchi
barely avoided it.with that attack tenchi charge Model01 but realized that
he
was just to fast.with out warning Modelo1 slashed tenchi on the
back,chest,both arms,and both legs,before tenchi could even strike
back.tenchi
was on one knee in pain when he realized that Model01 was chargeing and he
would have killed tenchi if Tenchi hadent summoned the Dragon Hearts
wing.the
power of these seven wings were unqualled and tenchi destroyed Model01 with
one strike.

wow tenchi look at you,you did it,you summond the Dragon hearts wings.

just then they dissapeared.well no matter i got the information from your
battle.you can leave now.

ok i will see you later little washu.

tenchi had had left when he saw sasami already up and was already making
breakfeast.

hello tenchi,your quiet up early this morning today,and why are you so
bruised
up.asked sasami

hi sasami i was up because little washu made me do some test and well thats
where i got all these bruises.

uh ok but i think you get some medcine on those bruises before Ryoko see
those,cuz you know who Ryoko is when you get hurt by little Washu.

yeah your right.well i will be right back.

as tenchi walked into the lab again he wanted to leave the lab when another
one came.

                         Tenchi Vs Model02

aww Little washu are you kidding me i thought you said that was all for
now.inquired tenchi while fighting Model02

well tenchi you came in my lab and well i just couldt resist it.besides i
need
to now if the Dragon hearts wings gets stronger when your in danger.

little washu you must be kidding me i came here to get the rejuvination
drink
to heal my bruises so Ryoko would not see them cuz you know how she acts
when
you try and hurts me.

thats true but its you fault you forgot it not me,come on tenchi give him
the
good ol one two.

Model02 was impossible to strike,his attacks were as fast as Ryokos in not
faster.(this is ridiclous i dont need this anymore,i am tired of these
Models!)he thought.with that the Dragon hearts wings appeared.tenchi slashed
Model02 when he realized that Model02 was hit by Masamune and the Dragon
heart wings and was still there.(this isnt good i just hit this thing and he
still here)tenchi thought.just then Model02 slashed tenchi on the
face.tenchi
was bleeding seriously.

what i cant believe this.said washu looking at her computer.tenchi power
with
Masamune and the Dragon hearts wings are getting stronger.his first battle
with Model00 Masamune was only at 69% of it true power.when he faught
Model01
Masamune was at 84% and the Dragon hearts wings were at an Unknown
percentage,and now Masamune is at wait this cant be this percentage just
dosent seem right,this readings is sayin that Masamune is at 921753,i dont
uderstand it,and the dragons hearts wing are still Unkown percent.

AHH tenhci shot a laser beam at Model02 and he was destroyed.

very good tenchi your mastering the wings and sword.

little was..hu can i have the drink now please!

here ya go tenchi.

tenchi drank the drink and was healed.little washu please tell me thats it
for
today.

yes tenchi but remember thought every time you come in her you will go
againts
one of my little ol Models.

i will remeber,are you comeing up for breakfeast.

yeah i will be up here in a minute.

tenchi left drinking the juice which healed him.when he left sasami was
setting up the table for breakfeast.

hello tenchi i see your better,can you go and wake up Ryoko because she
didnt
wake up yet.

ok sasami,but where is mihoshi i havent seen her today.

she left on a space patrol mission and she said that she will be back soon.

ok well i am gonna go wake Ryoko up now.

tenchi went up stairs and went into his new room cuz washu built a HUGE and
i
do mean HUGE room for me and Ryoko.tenchi went into the room where he saw
ryoko still asleep on the bed.

Ryoko honey wake up.hhmm was all tenchi heard.(man she is knoked out)tenchi
thought,come on Ryoko wake up as tenchi was moveing her alittle bit so she
wouldt be alarmed.

hello tenchi said Ryoko in a most tiresome feeling.

Ryoko dear its time for you to wake up,its time for breakfeast.

uh ok,i will meet you down stairs ok.tenchi kissed her and left the room.

tnechi went down stairs where he saw sasami,washu,grandpa,and dad already
there waiting for him.

hey tenchi where my little ryoko.asked washu

she is comeing in a bit.

they all waited when Ryoko appeared next to tenchi and the all just started
to
act like vultures at the table.

hey tenchi what did you do in washu lab anyway asked sasami.

some type of training,which was really difficult.

so Mom what did you find out about the wings and the sword asked ryoko who
actually called her Mom.

well lit... i mean ryoko i found out really nothin much about the wings but
the Sword Masamune is a different story.replied washu

what do you mean asked tenchi butting in the convasation.

well it seems that the more you are determind to do something the swords
gets
stronger,the sword Masamune it self is stronger all of juris power
combined,it
is even stronger than Tsunami.but it can only be achived if the person is
worthy.you can be evil and hold this sword or you can be good but it
Masamune
on lets people who are worthy hold it.i havent figured out how or why this
happens but i am trying to figure it out.ALSO that Masamune can corrupt the
mind and what i mean is if your say Evil you will be more Evil and vice
versa
if you good,or so i think i am not sure.replied washu

that sword is that dangerous little washu asked sasami.

yes thats why i am training tenchi to control its power,but i dont know why
Masamune and the Tenchi-ken merged.

                   Meanwhile in space.

general,when will we be arriveing at the sol system.

very soon,we will be there in about two hours,but what do we do when we
reach
there?

you shall see dont worry.

hmm to think this boy beat Zanon.as a picture of tenchi was displayed.and
now
he has Masamune.i must get that sword at all cost.Zanon you were lucky you
got
the sword before i did and now its gonna be easy taking it from this boy.

miss we arrived at the sol system,what do we do now?

very good general,go to the Moon of earth.we will get ready for an attack
there.

                  Back at the Masaki house

sasami that was really good,you know how to cook a meal leat me tell
you.said
ryoko in a joyes tone.

why thank you ryoko,i enjoy makeing food for everyone and i like hearing the
complements.replied sasami.

well i am gonna go for a walk tenchi do you wanna come with me.

sure ryoko i would be honered to go with you.

as tenchi went with ryoko out side washu went in her lab,dad went to
work,grandpa went to the shrin,and sasami cleaned the table and then played
with ryo-ohki.

tenchi?

yes Ryoko?asked tenchi
thank thank foreverthing,you have made my life truely complete.there is
nothin that can possible
go wrong in my life as long as i have you.

i have to disagree on that one it is you have done so much to me it was you
who was allways with
me when i was at the cave were your where imprisoned,it was you who so me
grow up when i
was i kid,it was you who was there when my mother passed away,and i was you
that all of us are
even here.so it is you who mak emy life complete my love.

wow thats so sweet,no one has ever said such nice things to me before.

Ryoko i love you and i will do what ever i have to do to make you happy.

tenchi sat under the great tree with Ryoko just laying there kissing each
other.

                                         Meanwhile in space

miss we made it,we are at the the Moon of earth.what will we do know
miss.asked the general.

we wait,we wait for the right time to strike.i want that sword and its just
a
matter of time before i
get it.

Halt! this is detective first class mihoshi you are under arrest for going
in
juri territory with out
permission.

what shall we do mistress asked the general.

blow that ship out of the sky.

very well.everyone get prepared to fire that main beam.

please give youself up.squelled mihoshi

FIRE!

with in one instant the great beam was fired. and struck mihoshis ship and
mihoshi ship fell to
earth.

that was to easy.

mistress that galaxy police detective was one of the people who had killed
Zanon.said the general

she what i refuse to beleave that that bubble head air head was on eof the
peopl efor Zanons
death.
                           Meanwile back at the house

hey Ryoko look at that,that kinda looks like mihoshi ship.said tenchi not
realizing what he said

uh tenchi that is mihoshis ship.repliued Ryoko/

with in one instant mihoshi was teloported out her ship by ryoko and her
ship
plunged into the
lake.

uh mihoshi what happend to your ship half of it is well missing.asked tenchi

well i was following this ship when i caught up to then i read them there
rights and they shot me
down.

yeah know kiddin.said ryoko.

where are they now.asked tenchi

they are around the Moon.

well lets go in side.as they went in side, mihoshi was happy to see everyone
there.

hello mihoshi how are you doin asked sasami

i am ok,its just that my ship was shot down that was well kinda like ryo-oki
but
bigger,stronger,and faster.replied mihoshi

hey washu do you know anything about another cabbit thats like ryo-oki asked
ryoko

yes ryoko i know of another cabbit that i craeted.before you were born i
made
a cabbit that was
completly crazy.it didnt listen to anyone.but one day  the cabbit left and i
never saw him
again.Gou-oki was his name.but if someone is controling him then we must be
introuble.Gou-oki
has the power to destroy the whole sol system.

tenchi get ready because we dont know when Gou-oki may decide to come down.

we must stop them before they try anything.said Ryoko

but we dont know if they are hostile.replied tenchi

hold on everybody i am getting a message from the Gou-oki.

hello i am looking for the warrior named Tenchi masaki.
i am tenchi masaki,and what do you want from us.replied tenchi in a angry
manner.

i want Masamune,i want that sword,i deserver the sword i have been looking
for it for ages.

why does it intrest you any asked tenchi

you should now that bye know The Power Of Masamune is unqualled.and it has
the ability to
create the power of the Dragon Hearts Wings thats why.

how do you know about the Dragon Hearts Wings and Masamune?asked washu

i had found out when Zanon had them.i was jealous that he had them and i
faugh him and lost that
was when i met Gou-oki.he seemed to know what i wanted,and all i wanted was
revenge.so fpr
many years i trained to beat him but he camed to earth to kill the legendary
space pirate
Ryoko,but failed and lost to this boy called tenchi masaki.so tenchi say
this
to you if you dont give
up the sword Masamune i will destroy the whole sol system with out warning.

who are you and whats your name.asked tenchi

my name?,no one has asked my name in over 19000 years,my name is Trista
molare.

very well trista we will come to you in 2 hours.said tenchi

i will be waiting for you boy.

tenchi are you crazy!
tenchi was slaped bye washu
Trista molare was the warrior who challenged the three goddess and allmost
won.

what do you mean.asked tenchi

listen because i am only goin to say this once.

when Trista molare faught Zanon and lost she went crazy and trained
unbarebly,she went to the
three goddess and asked why Zanon why he was able to have the Dragon Hearts
wings and
Masamune,all three godess replied saying he was worthy and she was not.this
made her more
jealous and attacked the goddess,Trista was not your average being she had
power that herself
that was only a little bit weaker than the godess.she faught the godess and
lost but swore she
would get Masamune and the wings,she searched for thousand of years when she
heard of him
being on earth to kill Ryoko but failed,so know she is on her way here and
you are an idiot and
challenged her.yelled washu

it dosent matter to me i am gonna beat her and were are all gonna make it
out
alive.said tenchi
tenchi i doubt that,our chance are 1 out of  1,000,000,000 and you think you
can possibly win
againt her,remember she faught all the godess and almost won.what makes yo
uthink yo ucan win
agains her.replied washu.

my family,i cant let her win cuz i know she will kill my family.

well at least you will be safe.said washu tearing.

tenchi walked up to her and pulled he rface up with his finger.

WASHU you are part of my family just as
ryo-oki,sasami,dad,grandfarther,mihoshi,ayeka,and
ryoko are.

do you meant it tenchi asked washu

of course i mean it you are part of my family like it out not.

thank you tenchi.lets go and get them.

yeah they all replied.

everyone got prepared for the great battle.this battle was goin to be one
not
forgotten.

tenchi you know that Trista is stronger than Zanon even though she dosent
have the Dragon
Hearts wings and Masamune.said washu in her adult form

i know but it dosent matter we can do this.

is everyone ready asked ryoko already in her battle suit ready for battle.

yes replied washu.

ok ryo-oki transform.said ryoko.

everyone was tranported aborded the ryo-oki.and arrived arounded the moon
where the Gou-oki
was waithing

i see you made it,and i see you brought the whole crew,Gou-oki prepared for
battle said Trista in
a screen the emerged the ryo-oki

             Ryo-oki Vs Gou-oki

fire!Gou-oki comanded Trista.

Gou-oki fired at the Ryo-oki and the Ryo-oki fired right back at him.the
Ryo-oki was not as weak as Trista thought.the battle ensued each cabbit
takeing blow after blow.laser for laser.

Ryo-oki fire main beam commanded Ryoko

Gou-oki fire main beam cmooanded Trista

both cabbits fired there main beams and realized that there power was
equalled.

what how can this be,Gou-oki is the srongest space ship in the universe and
yet this Ryo-oki is just as strong.

both cabbits were locked in a battle of which beam was stronger that who.it
was inevetable that both cabbits would run out of energy if this kept on
goin
like this.but to no avail they both didnt stop.what to do both Trista and
Ryoko thought.both thought the say thing and both cabbits kept fireing their
beam.suddenly both cabbits just stoped shoting there beam at each other.both
cabbits realized there power was equalled.

tenchi know our chance to invade the the Gou-oki.said Ryoko.

ok lets go.sasami you stay her and keep ryo-oki company.

Ryo-oki if Gou-oki tires to fire fire right back full force.

miya replied the spaceship.

Ryoko transported tenchi,mihoshi,washu,and herself abord the Gou-oki.they
all
went to the center room where Trista was waiting.

i see you finally made it ann you have Masamune with you.said Trista

yeah and what does it mean to you Trista your not goin to have it.replied
Tenchi.

ow is that so you think just you have three other people with you that i am
not prepared,you must be out you mind.

with a snap of Trista fingers three of her most Loyal servents came to her.

lets make it a four on four tenchi me and my loyal servants against you and
your family,does that suit you.asked Trista

do you think this is a game Trista we are not here for games.yell Tenchi.

my loyal servents introduce yourselfs to these people while i will go and
sit
on my thrown.

my name is Tiamat the master of energy elements
my name is Yuri the  master of intelengence
my name is lucraciana the master of speed
