TENCHI!!!
episode 2

    Tenchi's heart pounded. His dream has scared him. Ayeka was in a
wedding
dress with a shadowed figure. A man held a sword above Tenchi's head. As
he
brough it down, the shadowed figure forced Ayeka into a kiss. Though he had
been dead in the dream, he saw Ayeka. She stared at the head rolling across
the floor.
    "TENCHI!!" she had screamed. Tenchi wondered what this dream ment.
Then,
he heard crying. Tenchi walked into Sasami's room. She couldn't get over
what had happened to her sister. Tenchi frowned. Then he walked down the
stairs. The clock read 11:05 P.M. Then, Tenchi spied Ryoko. She was sitting
next to the window. As Tenchi looked into Ryoko's reflection in the
window,
he saw that silent tears ran down her face.
    "Ryoko??" questioned Tenchi. Ryoko quickly wiped away her eyes and
turned to him.
    Without waiting for Tenchi to speak, she began, "I never thought I was
this close to Ayeka. I always thought we were somewhere inbetween friends
and
enimies. Now I know better. She was the greatest friend I ever had. I miss
her so much!!" Ryoko threw herself into Tenchi's arms. "Why did they
take
her away?!?!"
    "Ryoko, I never thought you liked Ayeka. And I've never seen you
cry.
What's going on??" questioned Tenchi.
    "Everything we argued about was stupid, little things. Now I'm
thinking
about all the big things we did together, and I miss her!!!" cried Ryoko.
Tenchi sighed and huged Ryoko.
    "Wha..." said Ayeka. She just now noticed the horrible pain in her
wrists. As she looked, she saw where the Aurew's claws had dug into her
skin.
Ayeka thought about everyone.
    "Why was I always so mean to Ryoko? Why did I pretend I had an accent?
Why did I pretend I was a perfect Princess? I acted completely stuck up!!"
yelled Ayeka. "Why did I pretend my name was Ayeka. Why did I insist on
being
called that in Juria. I wanted to be thought of as delicate. But my real
name
is Akemi!!! Why didn't I like the name Akemi?!?! Akemi means bright and
beautiful. Why did I chose delicate over bright and beautiful!?!?" cried
Ayeka/Akemi. Then she stared down at her feet.
    "But I'll leave it up to them to deside what to call me."
    Sasami ran outside. The guardiens where sitting under a tree. Sasami
happily picked flowers to put in a vase. She tried not to think about Ayeka.
She had to take over Ayeka's job of picking flowers to put on the table.
Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Ryoko where in space looking for Ayeka. They said they
would stay out a month. The only way they'd return earlier is if they
found
Ayeka, or if Mihoshi blew up the ship. Washu had closed up her lab for a
month. In other words, the door under the stairs was no longer. Washu used
her computer to find Ayeka and did not want to be disturbed. She found food
somewhere else. Sasami and Tenchi were basically the only ones for a month.
Niboyuki and Yosho were on a vacation and they were out for a month.
Suddenly, Sasami felt scared. She didn't know why. Tenchi flashed through
her
mind.
    "I better go check on Tenchi," said Sasami to herself, figuring that
finding Tenchi would get rid of that unknown fear. Sasami walked back to the
house with the flowers in the vase. When Sasami came to the door, she
noticed
something. Smoke was coming from under the door. Sasami dropped the vase.
    "WHAT?!?!" she screamed. Sasami then heard a thud. Ryo-oh-ki finally
phased through the door. It let go of it's breath. Sasami realized Tenchi
was
trapped inside. She held her breath and ran inside. Poison gas was in the
air. Sasami checked everywhere. She knew where Tenchi was. He was in the
hardest room to get to. Sasami ran outside, got a really good breath and ran
as fast as she could up to the highest floor and down to the farthest room.
She saw Tenchi. He was barely breathing. Sasami was losing air and knew she
had to get Tenchi outside. She grabbed him under her arm, but she knew she
couldn't make it back down the stairs. Sasami did the only thing she could
think of, jumped out the window with Tenchi. Sasami landed with a hard thud.
Tenchi was still breathing, but not very well. He was unconsious. Sasami had
been knocked unconscious from the fall. Ryo-oh-ki, having heard the thud,
ran
over to Sasami. She was bleeding in several places from the glass.
Ryo-oh-ki knew what she had to do. She ran down to the lake with a bucket.
But the lake was frozen over. Ryo-oh-ki began throwing herself at the ice.
Finally, it broke. Ryo-oh-ki was thrust into icy water. She quickly got out.
Then, got as much water as possible in the bucket and began running the
twelve flights of stairs back to where Sasami lay, each flight of stairs
with
fourteen fairly large steps on it. Ryo-oh-ki made it back in about
twenty-five minutes. Tenchi was having an even harder time breathing. Sasami
also started to have trouble breathing. Ryo-oh-ki quickly gathered water in
her mouth and spit it as hard as she could at Sasami's face. After doing
that
twice, Sasami began to breath a little easier. Then, Ryo-oh-ki dumped the
whole bucket of icy water on Sasami's face. Sasami sat straight up.
Ryo-oh-ki
knew she didn't have time to celebrate. She pointed to Tenchi. Sasami
began
to cry. She quickly ran down three flights of stairs to the guardiens.
    "Azaka, Kimadake!! It's Tenchi, he's not breathing very well. He
inhaled
poison gas from inside the house. Someone's trying to kill us!!" she
cried.
Sasami then saw Ryo-oh-ki making her way down to the lake to get water to
spray on Tenchi. She was on her fifth flight of stairs. Azaka and Kimadake
quickly followed Sasami to Tenchi. Just as they got there, Tenchi quit
breathing.
    "I don't know what we can do!!" cried Azaka. Then, they heard a
laugh.
    "You fell for this nicely!! Sasami and Tenchi will come with me!!"
it
laughed. It was Muremono. Two demons appeared behind Muremono. One grabbed
the fighting Sasami, and the other Tenchi. Ryo-oh-ki ran and hid. She wanted
to save Sasami, but she knew she would have to wait.
    Sasami struggled for her life. But the grip from the demon was strong.
Though Sasami fought, she could not free herself.
    "Your so pesky. Why don't I just get rid of you now?!?!" Muremono
asked
himself. "Demon, let go of the girl!!" Next thing Sasami knew, she was
falling. Sasami closed her eyes. Suddenly, she felt arms holding her.
Slowly,
she opened her eyes.
    "Ryoko??" she asked. Ryoko smiled down at her, but her smile quickly
faded.
    "Tenchi is gone now, too," said Ryoko. Sasami bagan to cry and
buried
herself in Ryoko's arms. Then Sasami spotted something. The fimilliar
space
ship was going from tree to tree, trying to follow Tenchi. Sasami couldn't
stand it. The two people she cared most about were gone.
    "Washu's gone, too," said Ryoko as they landed. Mihoshi and Kiyone
had
gotten rid of the poison gas. Sasami walked inside. Washu's door was wide
open. The scarf Washu had been wearing was on the ground. A few drops of
blood was on the ground, too. Sasami began to cry.
    "NNNNOOOOO!!!!!!!!!" cried Ayeka as she saw Tenchi and Washu being
dragged down he dark hall. Washu was badly ingured and Tenchi unconsious.
Ayeka couldn't take it anymore. She reached in her kamono and pulled out
something she hadn't touched in 702 years. It was a knife with a silver
handle.
    "He will never marry me!!" cried Ayeka, and with that, she plunged
the
sword deep into her chest. Ayeka was tempted to cry out in pain, but she
held
it in. Ayeka fell onto the floor.
    "My name may be Akemi, but it doesn't suit me anymore. I am no
longer
beautiful. Ayeka suits me better. I am now delicate," she said. Then,
Ayeka
rolled onto her side. "Why won't the pain go away??" she asked
herself.
    "Because, Akemi, I have cast a spell upon you so that you will not die
until I do. To your friends, you may be Ayeka. But to me, your Akemi."
The Truth of Ayeka and Akemi
episode 3

    Ayeka pulled the knife out of her chest. Though the pain still remained,
there was no wound. Ayeka looked up. Muremono was gone. Ayeka then sat up,
enduring the slowly fading pain.
    "What can I do!?!?" she cried out to the darkness. Ayeka curled up
into
a ball and started crying. Sudenly, she felt a hand on her shoulder.
    "It's time you learn the truth, Ayeka," said a voice. Ayeka stood
up and
turned around at the same time. A figure was there. She looked much like
Ayeka. Her hair was purple, too. She had the one part of hair covering the
two pigtails, except her pigtails were braided. Also, the strip of hair
covering the pigtails was a in a partial ponytail.
    "Who are you?!?!" yelled Ayeka.
    "I'm Akemi," said the figure.
    "Akemi?" asked Ayeka, relaxing herself.
    "Yes. You know the story of Sasami and Tsunami, right??" Akemi
asked.
    "Well, yes I do," said Ayeka.
    "Do you remember where you were when Sasami was in there, when Sasami
died in front of Tsunami??" Akemi asked.
    "Ye, well, actually, I only remember someone telling me Sasami was
missing, then later, someone telling me she was found, so I don't
remember,"
confessed Ayeka.
    "You were chasing after her. When Sasami slipped, it was because she
was
turning around to reply to your call to her. You were in the same room as
her," explained Akemi.
    "What happened then??" asked Ayeka.
    "I guess I'll tell you the whole story," said Akemi. "You ran to
where
Sasami fell and looked over the edge. You saw her hit the side in several
places, then you watched as she fell into the darkness. You cried out her
names several times, but you heard no reply, and you knew she was dead. You
collapsed in tears and staggered to the nearest tree. It was me. You died
right there in front of me. You died of sadness. You had always been
fragile,
and your frail body couldn't take this, so you died. I felt sad for you
like
Tsunami felt bad for Sasami. I did what Tsunami did. Sasami was revived and
ran out of the room while I held you in my arms. Then, I joined myself with
you. That was when you became stronger. Your ran out of the room, grabbed
Sasami, and searched for Yosho for 700 years. Like Sasami, when you grow
older, you will become me." Ayeka thought a moment.
    "I don't mean to be rude, but how can I believe you? I don't
remember
this at all," said Ayeka in a calm voice.
    "Think back to when you chased after Yosho before he left," said
Akemi.
Ayeka thought awhile. Then, she gasped. She remember grabbing Yosho's arm.
"Quit following me!!" he yelled, and then he had threatened to hit
Ayeka.
Ayeka didn't believe him.
    "He hit me, hard," said Ayeka. "He hid me so hard, it sort of
damaged my
brain. I lost some memory. I lost memory of joining with you. I lost memory
o
f him hitting me. I lost many other memories, too." Ayeka sighed. "When
will I become you?" she asked Akemi.
    "Now," said Akemi. Ayeka gasped. Akemi's eyes turned purple. Ayeka
began
to be shocked with purple energy. She cried out in pain. Finally, it
stopped,
and Ayeka collapsed onto the floor, breathing hard. Her hand made a weird
noise when it hit the ground.
    "I'm sorry I had to put you through that pain, but I had to," said
Akemi. Then, she vanished. Ayeka opened her eyes, then looked down at her
hand. She saw what had made that noise. A purple ring was around her finger.
    "Someday, you will look like me. But not yet. But through that ring,
you
can access my power," said Akemi's voice inside Ayeka's head. Ayeka
nodded.
    "Captain Aurew, you get Ryoko and Sasami," said Muremono. Two or the
Aurews where soon off. They spied Ryoko and Sasami walking down the steps.
Ryoko and Sasami soon felt great pain in their backs. Both were lifted up
into the air.
    "Aurea, we have to ingure them or else our plan won't work,"
yelled the
Aurew with Ryoko.
    "You got it, Aureo," yelled the one with Sasami. Aureo went first
with
Ryoko. He dropped Ryoko. Ryoko soon was rolling down the steps.
    "I'm serounded in dark energy, my powers won't work!!" cried
Ryoko. She
fell to the bottom of the steps and lay there, hurt. But not bad enough for
Aureo. He picked her up with his feet and pulled her up into the air. He
took
her fifty feet up and dropped her, but didn't let her fall. Instead, her
began hitting Ryoko back and forth between his wings. Ryoko was getting hit
so fast that she wasn't falling an inch. Finally, Aureo let Ryoko fall.
She
landed on the ground with a hard thud. She was unconcious. Aureo picked her
up in his claws again. He was done with her.
    "Your turn, Aurea!!" cried Aureo. Sasami gasped. Aurea began batting
her
back and forth between his wings. Then he let her drop. Sasami landed on the
ground hard, but was still concious. But before she could get up and try to
get away, Aurea was on top of her. He tore the back of Sasami's shirt off.
Then, he grabbed Sasami's skin on her back and flew off with Aureo. The
rest
of Sasami's shirt was off. Suddenly, Mihoshi and Kiyone appeared. The
leader
Aurew, Aurewono, appeared also. He broke into their ship and grabbed both of
them by their necks with his claws. He threw Mihoshi on the ground and
knocked her unconscious. Kiyone, however, he smashed over and over against
the ground. Finally, he flew off with both of them unconscious. He also had
managed to grab Ryo-oh-ki.
    "Perfect," said Muremono as the Aurews landed in his domain.
"Throw them
into cells!!" Then, Muremono spied Sasami on the ground with no shirt on.
She
was awake but hurt. Muremono smiled. "Muremonza, I've got a surprise for
you," called Muremono. A younger boy, about the age and just a little
taller
than Sasami, emerged. He wasn't shadowed like Muremono.
    "What," asked Muremonza.
    "I've got a new toy for you. It's a young girl. She's yours,"
smiled
Muremono and he pointed to the shirtless Sasami. Muremonza smiled.
    "This will be fun!!"
Sad Love
episode 4

    Muremonza dragged the hurt Sasami into his room.
    "I want you to love me," he said. "I'll treat you well if you
will only
love me. I will bring you any food you want if you'll love me. I'll
treat
you like the true Princess you are. I won't hurt you like Muremono would I
let you sleep in a bed instead of a stone floor. But only if you'll love
me." Sasami sighed.
    "I'll love you if your kind like that. I know your genetically evil
so
it will be hard to be kind. But if you promise to be nice, then I guess I m
ight as well," sighed Sasami. Muremonza smiled. "I need one other
thing,"
said Sasami.
    "What??" asked Muremonza.
    "Do you have anything like a shirt or something??" asked Sasami.
    "Oh, sorry," said Muremonza. He tossed her a bra.
    "This isn't exactly what I meant, but it'll work," smiled
Sasami.
Muremonza then came up to her.
    "What do you want me to bring you for dinner??" asked Muremonza.
    "A little bit of everything, not to be rude or anything. I just want
to
find out what I like," said Sasami.
    "Fair enough," said Muremonza. And with that, he left the room.
    "He doesn't seem that bad at all," said Sasami to herself.
    "NO!!!!" cried Ayeka as she saw Kiyone, Mihoshi and Ryoko dragged
by.
Ryoko woke up. She somehow struggled out of The guards grasp and phased
through the door to Ayeka's cell. But the guard quickly pulled her out and
serounded her in dark energy. She couldn't phase or fight. She couldn't
teleport out of the domain either. She couldn't really teleport into the
halls, so what was the use. Ryoko, Kiyone and Mihoshi were thrown into a
cell
with Tenchi and Washu. Everyone else layed unconcious while Ryoko waited
until darkness fell. The guards were half asleep. Ryoko then realized that
she could teleport into Ayeka's cell. She did. Ayeka woke
