



Power of the Gods
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter 2: The Power of Tokimi
Note: I don't own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well, except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story
about them. I'd say that's one of the biggest forms of flattery out
there, to have such a great story that other's want to write about it. So
please, this is a fan appreciative story, don't sue me for using your
stuff OK? (Believe me, you wouldn't get too much any way....)
Author's notes: This fic picks up where my first series, Tenchi Muyo!
What Happens Next?, left off. You should read that series before you read
this one.


	

	"What have we got out here?" Washu asked as Ryo-Ohki joined the rest of
the ships near the outer ring of Saturn. 
	"Dr. Clay has set up quite an obstacle course for us." Ayeka responded.

"Yeah, and he could be hiding in any one of these systems." Hiro said
over the com link. A window popped up on Ryo-Ohki's bridge showing a
large map of most of the  galaxy, with several systems highlighted. 
	"How do we know these are the systems?" Ryoko asked.
	"I scanned them using my direct connection to Washu's Galactic Update 
Scanner
and found signature traces of that same power that Seliph had been using.
That could only be Tokimi."
	"Now why didn't I think of that?" Washu asked no one in particular. 
	"Alright then, we need to split up and check each system. I think that's
what Clay has in mind, since we have four ships and there are four
systems to check out, but it's the only way we can be positive." Tenchi
said. He paused for a moment and took a deep breath, "Although if the
same power that Seliph used is involved, I don't know how much good Ayeka
and myself are going to be...." 
	"Tenchi," Washu said, "There are only trace elements of that power. That
means they're an after effect of what ever power put these little road
blocks up for us. My guess is Tokimi called them into existence to help old
Octopus Head out."
	"So you think we'll still be able to use the Juri power against whatever 
is out there?" 
	"That's exactly what I think. Now, let's go. Ryoko and I will take the
Alpha 7 system, Yagami, you hit Alpha 8, Tenchi and his crew will take
Alpha 9, and Hiro and Nobuyuki will take Alpha 10. Are we all clear on
this?" 
	"Why are the systems all bunched together like that?" Tenchi asked. 
	"Those are the systems we'd have to go through to get to Juri." Ayeka
replied quietly.
	No one said anything for a few moments. Finally Hiro spoke, "He want's
us, Ayeka. He'll try to kill us before your parents. Only we'll get his
sorry ass first, I promise."
	"I second that motion!" Ryoko said, "Ryo-Ohki! Full speed to Alpha 7!" 
	"MYOW!" the cabbit ship responded and they flew off into space.
	"See you guys on Juri!" Ryoko called over the com link, "Last one there
is a rotten egg!" 
	"Oh, it's on now!" Hiro said with a grin and punched a few buttons,
"Lowrider, to Alpha 10, full speed."
	"Right away Hiro." the ship blipped out of existence as it flew off at
several times the speed of light. 
	"I guess we should get going then..." Tenchi said.
	"We wouldn't want to be the last one's there, would we?" Kiyone replied.
They laughed and their ships took off for their respective systems. 


	"Clay, you moron..." a beautiful voice said as it's owner looked down
upon the radiant pool before it. She was a Goddess, yes, but she couldn't,
for some reason, snuff out Washu... she'd have to do it the hard way.
Clay would never win this battle. 
	She waved her hand over the pool and smiled. This would definitely spice
things up a bit.



	"Um... Mom?" Ryoko said as she controlled Ryo-Ohki's flight patterns. 
	"Yes Little Ryoko?" Washu replied from where she sat with a small
device, tinkering with it.
	"I'm a demi-god, right? Does that mean I need these gems to actually have
power?" 
	"No, you'll remember that you have powers even without them. That power
could be cultivated and expanded, but it would take training. You rely on
the gems very heavily, because that's all you've ever known how to do.
We'll fix that when this is all over."
	"Oh..." Ryoko looked up at the view screen, "One more question." 
	"What's that?" 
	"That's the question."
	"Hmm?" Washu stood up and walked over to the view screen. She saw a
large chunk of something flying at them. It suddenly split up into
several thousand chunks and started flying at them even faster. Washu
suddenly sensed Tokimi's power. 
	"Graaa!" Ryoko yelled as a blast from one of the things hit Ryo-Ohki,
"Ryo-Ohki! Evasive maneuvers!" 
	Washu concentrated and saw the objects in her mind's eye. Loctus. They
were Loctus with blasters. Great. 
	"Shoot them all down." Washu said, "I'll see what I can do to get rid of
some of them." she suddenly changed into her Goddess clothing and
vanished. 
	Ryoko growled, "Thanks Mom." and started blasting. 



	Tenchi spun around and slashed with the his Light Hawk sword, creating a
wave of blue-white energy. The blast ripped through the last of Dr.
Clay's droids, bringing silence to the surface of the planet he stood on.

	A low rumble told him that Ryo-Oh had descended and was about to pick him
up. That meant that the fighter droids in space had been taken care of
as well. As soon as he was back on the bridge of the tree ship, they were
off to Juri again.
	"You did great down there Tenchi!" Sasami yelped as she jumped up and
hugged him. Tenchi reverted back to his normal Juri battle suit from his
Light Hawk armor and hugged back. 
	"I wasn't too bad was I?" he laughed with her and they turned to Ayeka.
	"We're almost there..." the elder princess said with a fair amount of
stress evident in her voice. 
	"Calm down Ayeka..." Tenchi said, putting a reassuring hand on her
shoulder, "Clay can't beat us... not with all of us working together like
we are." 
	"Yeah!" Sasami piped up, "I bet Hiro and Nobuyuki are there already and
they're blasting Old Octopus's ship apart! Blam blam blam!" she made
shooting motions and exploding sounds as she ran around Tenchi and
pretended to blast him. Ayeka smiled and relaxed.
	"We should be to Juri in less then an hour, provided Clay has no more
traps for us." she said. Tenchi nodded. Sasami clapped and smiled. 
	Ayeka steered Ryo-Oh in the direction of Juri. 



	"So why won't the forward plasma cannons work, Mihoshi?" Kiyone demanded
of her partner. 
	"I think I over charged them on that last shot..." the blond said. Sure
enough, when Brice checked the damage read out, he found that over
heating had blown the cannons up. 
	"I think you should concentrate on firing more and not as big..." he
said to the Detective. 
	"Right." Mihoshi said, and started shooting different guns. Kiyone
sighed. Her ditzy subordinate was going to destroy her Yagami before the
droid space fighters did...
	Another hit on the aft side yanked Kiyone's attention back to the battle
they were in. She picked up the evasive maneuvers she'd been engaging in,
and Brice started redirecting energy to the shields. 
	Minutes flew by, "How many of these damned things are there?" Kiyone
yelled. 
	"Lots more from what I can tell..." Brice said, "And we're running out
of power quick..." 
	"Then we need to disengage and regroup." Kiyone decided. Just as she was
breaking away from the combat, the message light started blinking on her
console. She hit it and a transmission from GPHQ popped up next to her. 
	"Attention all GP vessels in the area near HQ! We are under attack by
unmanned droid fighters and need help fast! Report immediately and shoot
down anything not GP! Repeat, fire on sight, any ships not GP!" 
	"Dammit!" Kiyone screamed. She jerked the controls and the ship took a
new heading, "Brice! Get on the horn and tell the others what's going on.
We're not going to make it to Juri."
	"Aye Captain." he said and made his transmission.


	"GP Head Quarters is under attack by Clay's forces, and we're going to
aid them in the fight there. Sorry everyone, but we won't be making it to
Juri." Brice said in Hiro's view window. 
	"Damn." he swore. He closed the window and looked over at Nobuyuki. The
eldest Masaki was flipping through the instruction manual in the fire
power section. He'd already made it through the drive system and the
navigational system, as well as aquatinted himself with the lay-out of the
ship. 
	"He definitely knows how to study..." Hiro thought to himself, "Must have
been all those years in college..." 
	"Is the forward pulse disrupter muti-directional?" Nobuyuki asked.
	"Yeah, it took me a while to figure out how to direct it though." Hiro
replied, "You use the small joystick on the firing column."  
	"Gotcha'." Nobuyuki made a thumbs up sign and closed the book, "I think
that's about all I need to know for now..."
	"Yeah, LowRider will help with the rest..." Hiro smiled. He loved his
ship...
	"So how far off are we?" Nobuyuki asked. 
	"I gave Tenchi and Ayeka a good lead so that they could get to
Juri first," Hiro explained, "I think Ayeka wants to take Clay out
herself. We should hurry though, now, if Kiyone isn't going to be there
to back them up..." 
	A blip on a screen next to Nobuyuki drew his attention, "What's that?" 
	"LowRider, identify ship." Hiro said.
	"Unknown class. Heavily armed, and built for battle." 
	"Shit." Hiro flipped on a scanning device, "You think you can handle the
guns?" he asked Nobuyuki.
"I can do my best." the elder Masaki replied.
	"That's all I want." Hiro smiled. His grin went away quickly when a
blast shook his ship.
	"We've taken a hit on the port engine block." LowRider reported.
	"Return fire." Hiro ordered. Nobuyuki flipped on a back view screen and
took the weapons controls. He aimed and fired at the quickly approaching
black ship. It dodged the blasts. 
	"Good moves..." Hiro said. He jumped up his speed above the ship behind
them and then hit the reverse thrusters quickly. The ship blasted past
them and Hiro changed direction again. They were now chasing it.
	"Ha!" he yelled. Nobuyuki's screen changed automatically to a front view
and he began to fire. He scored several hits before the ship in front of
them started to glow bright red.
	"That can't be good..." Nobuyuki said nervously.
	"No, it's not..." Hiro replied.
	"Detecting a strong energy build-up in the ship." LowRider said. 
	The ship they were chasing exploded. The wave of energy blasted into
LowRider and sent them spinning off into space. Hiro regained control of
his ship and blasted forward. 
	"Report!" he barked.
	"Thrust down to half power, most systems disabled...." LowRider paused,
"Frontal weapons systems still on line. Shock wave approaching."
	"WHAT?" Hiro looked at his screen. His eyes got wide and he pushed the
thrust to it's max. 
	"What's going on?" Nobuyuki asked. 
	"That ship created a rather large atomic blast. The shockwave from the
explosion will rip us to bits if I can't outrun it... and it looks like
I can't..."
	"That and we're flying into the sun..." Nobuyuki said. Hiro looked up.
Sure enough, he was on a dead course for a star. 
	"That's perfect!" he yelled, "We can use the star's gravity field to
sling shot us at a high speed away from the shockwave!" 
	"Great!" Nobuyuki checked a few read-outs, "What then?" 
	"We report to the others, and head for Juri as best we can."
	"Good." Nobuyuki sat back and looked at the star in front of them. It
sure was bright... he almost thought he saw an image of a beautiful woman
in it, with her hand crossed over her eyes. He blinked. He DID see the
image. 
	"Tokimi!" Hiro yelled, "What are you doing!" they both heard a faint
laughter, and then the star in front of them began to fall apart. 
	"What the hell?" Nobuyuki breathed.
	"She's collapsing a star to kill us? That'll blow the whole system to
bits! There are inhabited planets in this system!" Hiro screamed out,
"Tokimi, you bitch! You evil, sadistic bitch!" 
	"Does that mean we can't use the gravity from the star any more?"
Nobuyuki asked.
	"The gravity field will be too unstable..." Hiro said. 
	A shock wave behind them, a collapsing star in front of them. The two
men gulped.



	Ryo-Ohki rocked from the blast as another one of the loctus things hit
her. She meowed in protest, but Ryoko mentally urged her on. They had been
fighting for a solid half hour. It was taking everything both of them had not to 
die. 
	"Where are you Mom?" Ryoko asked no one. She got an answer a moment
later when a bright light flashed and Washu stood on the bridge with
her. All of the loctus were gone. 
	"There." Washu said, "Now on to the Zeta 9 system."
	"I thought-"
	"No, we're going after Tokimi directly. You and I. We're the only two
that can do this Ryoko." Washu was serious beyond a shadow of a doubt. 
	"Zeta 9 is in deep space." Ryoko said.
	"I know. It's where Tokimi hides out in this dimension." Washu nodded.
Ryoko directed Ryo-Ohki, and concentrated on the task at hand. 
	Washu frowned. Hiro and Nobuyuki were in big trouble. How would they get
out of it? She knew there had to be a way...



	"Where is it?" Brice asked.
	"It was always here before..." Mihoshi said, getting a little teary.
	Kiyone just stared blankly at what was left of the GP fleet. Mostly
scraps and glowing chunks of ship. HQ was nowhere to be found. 
	"They blew it all up..." she whispered. 
	Mihoshi started to cry a little, and Brice comforted her. Kiyone
absently scanned for signs of life in all the blasted hulls and gutted
ships. To her surprise, one faint signal came back to her. 
	She, her subordinate, and one other soul were the last three GP officers
in the Galaxy. She flew to that signal. 
	As they came upon it, they saw a chunk of the hull of a battle cruiser,
and clinging to it, was a figure in a space suit. The life signal was growing
fainter with every passing moment, so Kiyone beamed the poor soul
directly to the med bay and jumped up to go there. 
	"You two stay here and watch for signs of an attack. Shoot anything that
comes near us." she looked sternly at her two friends, "Brice, you have
the helm, Mihoshi, the guns." and she dashed off to the med bay. 
	Coming through the door, she could see the figure lying on one of the
beds, a stasis field already over it. She walked over and un-did the
clasps that held the helmet in place. Pulling it off, she gasped. 
	"Of all the people who could have lived..." she growled, "Why did it
have to be you, Mitsuki?"
	The red head moaned and opened her left eye. Her right eye was caked in
blood from a slash across her brow, and she couldn't open it. She looked
dazed but still in her right mind.
	"Kiyone?" she mumbled, "Oh damn..."



	"There it is!" Sasami cried as Juri came into view on the screen. Ayeka
sighed in relief. 
	"Dr. Clay's ship is closing on the planet fast..." Tenchi said, noting a
blip on another screen. 
	"We'll catch him...." Ayeka said, determination showing in her voice.
She increased Ryo-Oh's speed. 
	

	
	"Your Highness! What are we going to do about Dr. Clay?" a nobleman
demanded of Empress Fanaho as she presided over the Juri War Cabinet,
"He's blasted through our defense ring and is headed for Juri as we
speak!"
	"We can do nothing except trust in my husband, who wields incredible Juri
power, and in Tenchi, the Crown Prince, who holds the power of the Light
Hawk Wings. They will save us. Now if you will excuse me, I have to join
my Sister in a meeting..." the Empress rose from her seat and nodded to
the assembled nobles. 
	She walked slowly to her tree ship, and looked on sadly.  Juri fell
away from her as she rose into the sky. She had been ordered off the
planet, "just in case." She knew that meant that her husband was not very
optimistic about the situation. He planned on dying to preserve his
people, and wanted his wives to live on to rule in his stead, until Ayeka
or Tenchi took the thrown. 
	A lone tear ran down her cheek. 



	"That's Funaho's ship!" Ayeka said as they flew past it, "Why is she
leaving Juri!" the princess called up a com window.
	"What's going on?" she asked as Fanaho's face appeared.
	"Your Father plans on absorbing the blast Dr. Clay is powering up as we
speak. It will kill him, but he will save his people." she said simply.
Ayeka noted the tear that had run down her face.
	"But Dr. Clay's weapons have been given power by Lady Tokimi!" Tenchi
said, "There's no way he can stand up to that kind of blast! I have to
get down there to help him!"
	"Who's Tokimi?" Fanaho asked. 
	"A Goddess, like Tsunami, only more powerful..." Ayeka said, turning
very pale.
	"That blast can't be deflected without the Light Hawk Wings!" Tenchi
yelled. 
	"Father!" Ayeka screamed as she turned to the window displaying Juri.
They could see Clay's ship as it released a blast at the planet's
surface. A brief blue glow seemed to stop it, then the beam punched
through. There was a bright flash, and when they all looked again, a
large black spot where there had once been a chunk of land on Juri was
all that was left where the beam had hit. 
	It was over that fast. Tenchi stared slack-jawed. Ayeka and Sasami both
burst into sobs and Fanaho let her tears fall silently.   
	Dr. Clay's ship vanished then, and it was over. 
	"Clay's minions have overrun the Empire in only a short day." Fanaho
said finally, "And he has just wiped out the Emperor, all of the
nobles.... the entire ruling class except for you three, Misaki, and
myself. I'd say he's done a good job of getting rid of the Juri Empire."
	"So now what?" Tenchi asked.
	"We wait and see what develops. He may try to take the power for himself,
or he might just let things fall apart. In either case, there is little
chance that the people will rally around a fallen Empire." Fanaho shook
her head. 
	Ayeka fell to her knees and fainted. Sasami knelt down next to her and
held her sister's head in her lap. The young princess cried silently. 
	Tenchi looked to Fanaho. She looked back. Neither of them knew what to
do now. 



	"So this is Tokimi's place, huh?" Ryoko asked. 
	"Yeah...." Washu looked at the weird palace floating in deep space, and
shook her head. The convergence of dimensions was impossible. But then,
Tokimi was a God. 
	A sudden pain in her heart alerted her to the tragedy across the Galaxy
from them. She fell to her knees and cried out. 
	"Mom! Is it Tokimi?" Ryoko asked, rushing to her side. 
	"No.... it's.... the Empire has fallen... Clay won... the GP has been
wiped out..." Ryoko's face fell. 
	"Then we're too late..." she said flatly.
	"No, we can still beat Tokimi..." Washu said, standing up.
	A sudden pulse wave rushed through Ryo-Ohki and the Cabbit ship stopped.
Ryoko was blasted from her feet and to the floor. She stood, rubbing the
back of her neck. 
	"What the hell was that?"
	"A barrier designed to not let anyone in that Tokimi doesn't want in. We 
can
get past because we're Gods. I guess you really don't have the power you
need.... we'll have to resort to drastic measures." Washu grinned.
	"What are you going to do to me?" Ryoko asked backing away. She didn't
like the look in her mother's eye.
	"You're going to become a real Goddess...." Washu jumped forward and
caught her daughter, "This won't hurt..." she said. A glow surrounded
them, and Ryoko felt her power drain away, then come rushing back ten
fold. She looked at her wrists. The gems were gone. 
	"What....?"
	"You absorbed the power of the gems you had." Washu said. Ryoko suddenly
found that they were standing on a large flat area of light floating in
space. And they weren't alone. 
	Tokimi stood not ten feet from them, eyeing Ryo-Ohki, who hovered in
space next to them. 
	"That's an impressive work you've made, Sister..." she said to Washu.
	"Yeah, and Ryoko didn't turn out to bad either, don't you think?"
	"No she didn't." Tokimi waved a hand at the space pirate who screamed
and was hurled several feet away. A bloody hole opened up in her side,
but closed quickly, "But she's still pathetic." Tokimi laughed. 
	"Damn...." Washu turned to Ryoko, "You need the other gem to get all of
your power.... we need Hiro to..." she stopped. Turning to look at
Tokimi, she whispered, "You bitch..." 


	"Uh.... options?" Nobuyuki asked Hiro. 
	"None...." Hiro wracked his brain. There had to be something. 
	Frontal weapons systems still on-line. 
	Frontal weapons....
	There were dimensional disrupters in the frontal weapons....
	"We'll use the dimensional disrupters to blast that chunk of
Proto-Matter right there. That should cause a tunnel big enough for me to
engage the light-speed thrusters in time to get us through. The timing
will be tricky, but we'll make it..." he began to set the course. 
	"So wait," Nobuyuki turned to him, "You're telling me that to get away,
we have to travel to a different dimension?" 
	"That's right."
	"And then?"
	"Then we have to work on a way to get back here." Hiro replied, "Ready
disrupters."
	"Ready." Nobuyuki said as he flipped a switch and turned to his
controls. 
	"Fire." Hiro said. 
	Nobuyuki hit the button to fire the weapons, and Hiro hit the key to
engage the light-speed thrusters at almost the same time.
	There was a flash, and bang, and the LowRider was gone. 


	Tokimi laughed.
	"Ryoko," Washu said, turning back to her daughter, "Take Ryo-Ohki, and
get out of here."
	"What?" Ryoko stood, "You can't be serious!"
	"We can't take her alone!" Washu yelled, "We need you at full power, and
we need Tsunami! Watch over Sasami until she's grown, and as soon as Hiro
gets back to this dimension, get his gem!"
	"I don't understand..." Ryoko said.
	"GO!" Washu ordered and turned back to Tokimi.
	"You've lost Sister," the Goddess said, "Why don't you just give up?"
	"I haven't lost yet!" Washu smiled and lunged forward. She grabbed
Tokimi's robes and cackled maniacally.
	"What are you doing?" Tokimi screamed at her, and tried to shove her
away. Washu turned back to Ryoko,
	"Get out of here!" she yelled.
	Ryoko teleported to Ryo-Ohki, and yelled, "Let's get going Ryo-Ohki! To
Juri and the others!" the Cabbit Ship meowed her response and flew off
at top speed. Just as she left the area of Tokimi's fortress, the whole
thing vanished.
	Ryoko stared at the spot where it had been and sighed, "I hope you know
what you're doing Mom...."


	"Interesting move, Washu." Tokimi said to her sister, who stood in front 
of
her with a proud look on her face.
	"I am the greatest Genius in existence!" Washu proclaimed.
	They stood in Tokimi's fortress, floating in a sub space realm. 
	"I can't hurt you here, can I?" Tokimi asked.
	"No, you can't, just as I can't harm you." Washu replied, "Clever,
huh?"
	"Indeed... how do we get back though?"
	"When Tsunami and Ryoko join their full powers together and open the
seal in space, then we'll reappear." Washu explained. 
	"Then we'll just have to watch and see how things develop, won't we?"
Tokimi waved her hand, and a pool of water appeared next to them. They
looked into it as an image of Hiro appeared on the screen. He blinked and
opened his eyes.
	


	"Where are we?" Hiro asked no one in particular.
	LowRider answered him anyway, "Alpha Quadrant Seven, fifty billion
kilometers from the star."
	"What?" Hiro looked down at the screen in front of him. Sure enough,
they were in the exact spot they had been in when they left their
universe behind. He turned and shook Nobuyuki, "Wake up, Pops!"
	"What?!? Where are we?!?" the elder Masaki man shouted and almost fell out 
of his chair. 
	"We're in a different universe..." Hiro said as he scanned everything he
could think of, "The astral patterns are all different from ours... but
the layout of the whole thing looks exactly like our galaxy. That's too
weird."
	"Well, would earth be in the same place?" Nobuyuki asked.
	"Well, yeah... it would." Hiro replied. 
	"Then maybe we can go there and find our selves!"
	"What good would that do us?" 
	"Well, if we're there, then maybe Washu is too!" 
	"You're right! And if she's the Greatest Scientific Genius in THIS
universe, then maybe she can get us back!" 
	"Exactly!" Nobuyuki punched his fist into his palm, "Let's go!"
	"Lowrider, give me as much speed as you can to Earth!" Hiro ordered. 
	"We'll need to stop for repairs before we reach home." Lowrider replied.

	"Damn... where's the closest place we can find suitable parts?" 
	"Alpha Two system, planet Vrok." 
	"Vrok? What's that like?" Hiro punched a few keys on his console, "Uh
oh..." 
	"What?" Nobuyuki leaned over Hiro's shoulder and glanced at the screen.
Bright red letters at the bottom read, `Pirate haven! Be careful!'
