Power of the Princess
by CrystalHorse72
You Will Be My Bride
episode 1

    It was a bright, sunny day. Everyone in the Masaki household was happily
doing their chores. Everyone enjoyed their winter house. Sometimes it snowed
and they could have fun, but other times, it was bright and sunny. Even
though it was cold, a warm breeze blew through the trees. Ayeka was just
finishing sweeping. Tenchi was repairing the damage Ryoko had caused. She
had
drank a little to much and went nuts. Sasami was inside, cooking (what a
surprise). Ryoko was helping Washu create another door below these stairs
that would lead to her secret lab. Mihoshi and Kiyone were helping Tenchi.
Everything was going fine. But suddenly, things changed. Dark clouds moved
in
quickly. It was dark. Everyone was gathered together. A flash of lightening
shot across the sky. There, standing twenty feet from them, was a giant,
black lizard like thing. It stood on two legs. It's arms had huge claws on
them as well as the feet. It's tail was huge and clearly powerful. It's
teeth were huge and they looked like tiny knives. After the lightening had
passed and all was dark while the rain poured down, no one moved. Another
flash. Two more stood behind the first. They were only a bit smaller.
    "Prepare to die," hissed the first. Though none of the Masaki
household
knew what to do, Tenchi and Ryoke prepared to fight. Ryoko had her sword out
in two seconds.
    "Give it up," laughed Ayeka nervously as Tenchi pulled out the light
hawks sword. But, as usual, it didn't work. So he just used his regular
sword. Everyone else kinda sat there and watched. Ryoko and Tenchi jumped up
into the air at the same time. There were two slashes. The leader of the
black lizard thingys fell back. Ryoke jumped up into the air again.
    "We will be back," hissed the leader. Then, he and the other two
left.
The clouds cleared and it was as if nothing happened.
    "Ok, I'm completely clueless," said Ayeka. Everything went normal
for
the rest of the day. In fact, everything went normal for six days. On the
seventh morning, it began to rain again. Sasami was inside cooking. She was
deep frying.
    "Ryo-oh-ki, quit begging. Your supposed to stand back when I'm deep
frying, and you know it," Sasami sighed. But Ryo-oh-ki wouldn't stop.
Sasami
said it several times, but Ryo-oh-ki just stood their, being cute. Then,
Sasami hurried to the soup she was making. Ryo-oh-ki jumped up on the
counter, not knowing that Sasami was getting angry. Sasami began to stir.
Ryo-oh-ki put it's paws on the spoon to help stir. Sasami couldn't take
it
anymore.
    "Ryo-oh-ki, get out of here!!!" she yelled. Then, she realized what
she
just said. But it was too late. Ryo-oh-ki had already began to cry and shot
out of the room. Sasami ran after Ryo-oh-ki. Sasami then ran into Ayeka.
    "Ayeka, Ryo-oh-ki got out. I made her sad. Now, I'm gonna have to
catch
her and my cooking will be ruined. But I'm worried about Ryo-oh-ki," she
said. Ayeka sighed.
    "Well, I finished my chores, so I'll go look for her, you keep
cooking,"
she said.
    "But Aye..." started Sasami, but Ayeka stopped her.
    "It's not your cooking being ruined I'm worried about, it's
Mihoshi.
She loose in the house without Kiyone. You better go watch you cooking or
it's gonna be everywhere," laughed Ayeka. Sasami smiled and nodded. She
then
ran back into the kitchen. Ayeka then saw Ryo-oh-ki get outside. Ayeka
followed into the pounding rain. She heard Sasami crying in the kitchen and
she knew Sasami was worried about Ryo-oh-ki. Ayeka picked up her pace and
dashed after Ryo-oh-ki. Ayeka followed Ryo-oh-ki into the forest. It was
dark
in there and the rain was soaking Ayeka to the bone.
    "Ryo-oh-ki, where are you!?!?" she called. Ayeka then tripped. When
she
got up into a sitting position, she could tell some life form was near her.
There was a flash, and Ayeka found herself serounded by the black lizard
like
things.
    "You can call us the Aurews," said the leader. Ayeka screamed.
Everyone
inside the Masaki winter house ran outside and followed Ayeka's screaming
into the forest. Sasami, running next to Tenchi, suddenly felt something on
her head. Ryo-oh-ki was back. The Aurews were crowding around Ayeka. The
leader took Ayeka. It's wings spread. The other two followed. Tenchi and
gang
reached the clearing just as the leader Aurew took the back of Ayeka's
kamono
in his teeth.
    "Ayeka!!" screamed Tenchi.
    "Ayeka, don't go!! Please don't go, please don't go, don't
go," cried
Sasami, falling to her knees crying. She cried as hard as it was raining.
Ryoko tried floating up toward Ayeka, but the rain was falling to hard. It
forced her down. Suddenly, the leader dropped Ayeka from his teeth. Ayeka
screamed as she fell.  It then grabbed Ayeka's wrists with it's feet.
Ayeka cried as she watched her sister fall to her knees. She cried as she
saw
the sadness she had never seen before in Ryoko's eyes. She cried as she
saw
everyone else in great sadness because of her.
    "Good-bye," she whispered as she was flown away.
    The rain was now only a small sound on the roof. But the gloom outside
did not clear. Dinner was on the table. Though everyone was around the
table,
dinner was untouched. Everyone just stared out the window at the rain. It
was
now becoming louder. Ryoko tried to hold back the tears. Mihoshi wasn't
just
flooding like usual, but letting silent tears run down her cheeks while she
stared at the ground. Washu worked on her computer, trying to figure out
Ayeka's location. Kiyone had her arm around Mihoshi and was letting only a
few tears escape as she stared into the rain. The only two people who's
faces
weren't blank were Tenchi and Sasami. They had a picture inbetween them.
It
was a picture of Sasami, Tenchi and Ayeka. Everyone missed Ayeka. Sasami,
however, missed her the most.
    "AAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!" yelled Ayeka as she fell through darkness. She
woke
up to a cold floor. She was in a cell. She heard footsteps coming near her.
A
shadowed figure began to speak.
    "So, you finally came. Now, I can kill your friends without a worry of
harming you. You can basically forget you ever knew your friends," the
voice
cackled.
    "Who are you??" asked Ayeka as she moved to a sitting position.
    "I am the man you will wed. My name is Muremono. You will be my
bride,"
it cackled. "I understand that you care deeply for Tenchi. He will be
captured and brought here. The rest of your friends will die at home.
Tenchi,
however, will be killed at the wedding." Ayeka was puzzled.
    "Step into the light," she ordered. As the light fell upon the man,
Ayeka gasped, then fainted onto the cold floor.
    "She will have to get used to me," laughed the man.
    It was dark out when Ayeka awoke. It was about 11:00 PM.
    "Tenchi," Ayeka mumbled. She imagined Tenchi being brought into the
wedding room, his hands tied behind his back. He was pushed down onto his
knees. A man rose a sword up so that it's shadow was on Tenchi's neck.
Just
as it was being brought down, Muremono pulled Ayeka into a kiss after saying
I do. Ayeka was forced. She heard a painfull yell, a gasp, and then a thud.
Before going any further, Ayeka snapped herself out of the day dream.
    "Tenchi," she mumbled again. Ayeka then yelled "Tenchi!!"
Somehow,
millions of miles away, Tenchi woke up while sitting straight up in bed.
    "Ayeka."
