The Truth of Ayeka and Akemi
episode 3

    Ayeka pulled the knife out of her chest. Though the pain still remained,
there was no wound. Ayeka looked up. Muremono was gone. Ayeka then sat up,
enduring the slowly fading pain.
    "What can I do!?!?" she cried out to the darkness. Ayeka curled up
into
a ball and started crying. Sudenly, she felt a hand on her shoulder.
    "It's time you learn the truth, Ayeka," said a voice. Ayeka stood
up and
turned around at the same time. A figure was there. She looked much like
Ayeka. Her hair was purple, too. She had the one part of hair covering the
two pigtails, except her pigtails were braided. Also, the strip of hair
covering the pigtails was a in a partial ponytail.
    "Who are you?!?!" yelled Ayeka.
    "I'm Akemi," said the figure.
    "Akemi?" asked Ayeka, relaxing herself.
    "Yes. You know the story of Sasami and Tsunami, right??" Akemi
asked.
    "Well, yes I do," said Ayeka.
    "Do you remember where you were when Sasami was in there, when Sasami
died in front of Tsunami??" Akemi asked.
    "Ye, well, actually, I only remember someone telling me Sasami was
missing, then later, someone telling me she was found, so I don't
remember,"
confessed Ayeka.
    "You were chasing after her. When Sasami slipped, it was because she
was
turning around to reply to your call to her. You were in the same room as
her," explained Akemi.
    "What happened then??" asked Ayeka.
    "I guess I'll tell you the whole story," said Akemi. "You ran to
where
Sasami fell and looked over the edge. You saw her hit the side in several
places, then you watched as she fell into the darkness. You cried out her
names several times, but you heard no reply, and you knew she was dead. You
collapsed in tears and staggered to the nearest tree. It was me. You died
right there in front of me. You died of sadness. You had always been
fragile,
and your frail body couldn't take this, so you died. I felt bad for you
like
Tsunami felt bad for Sasami. I did what Tsunami did. Sasami was revived and
ran out of the room while I held you in my arms. Then, I joined myself with
you. That was when you became stronger. Your ran out of the room, grabbed
Sasami, and searched for Yosho for 700 years. Like Sasami, when you grow
older, you will become me." Ayeka thought a moment.
    "I don't mean to be rude, but how can I believe you? I don't
remember
this at all," said Ayeka in a calm voice.
    "Think back to when you chased after Yosho before he left," said
Akemi.
Ayeka thought awhile. Then, she gasped. She remember grabbing Yosho's arm.
"Quit following me!!" he yelled, and then he had threatened to hit
Ayeka.
Ayeka didn't believe him.
    "He hit me, hard," said Ayeka. "He hid me so hard, it sort of
damaged my
brain. I lost some memory. I lost memory of joining with you. I lost memory
of him hitting me. I lost many other memories, too." Ayeka sighed. "When
will I become you?" she asked Akemi.
    "Now," said Akemi. Ayeka gasped. Akemi's eyes turned purple. Ayeka
began
to be shocked with purple energy. She cried out in pain. Finally, it
stopped,
and Ayeka collapsed onto the floor, breathing hard. Her hand made a weird
noise when it hit the ground.
    "I'm sorry I had to put you through that pain, but I had to," said
Akemi. Then, she vanished. Ayeka opened her eyes, then looked down at her
hand. She saw what had made that noise. A purple ring was around her finger.
    "Someday, you will look like me. But not yet. But through that ring,
you
can access my power," said Akemi's voice inside Ayeka's head. Ayeka
nodded.
    "Captain Aurew, you get Ryoko and Sasami," said Muremono. Two or the
Aurews where soon off. They spied Ryoko and Sasami walking down the steps.
Ryoko and Sasami soon felt great pain in their backs. Both were lifted up
into the air.
    "Aurea, we have to ingure them or else our plan won't work,"
yelled the
Aurew with Ryoko.
    "You got it, Aureo," yelled the one with Sasami. Aureo went first
with
Ryoko. He dropped Ryoko. Ryoko soon was rolling down the steps.
    "I'm serounded in dark energy, my powers won't work!!" cried
Ryoko. She
fell to the bottom of the steps and lay there, hurt. But not bad enough for
Aureo. He picked her up with his feet and pulled her up into the air. He
took
her fifty feet up and dropped her, but didn't let her fall. Instead, her
began hitting Ryoko back and forth between his wings. Ryoko was getting hit
so fast that she wasn't falling an inch. Finally, Aureo let Ryoko fall.
She
landed on the ground with a hard thud. She was unconcious. Aureo picked her
up in his claws again. He was done with her.
    "Your turn, Aurea!!" cried Aureo. Sasami gasped. Aurea began batting
her
back and forth between his wings. Then he let her drop. Sasami landed on the
ground hard, but was still concious. But before she could get up and try to
get away, Aurea was on top of her. He tore the back of Sasami's shirt off.
Then, he grabbed Sasami's skin on her back and flew off with Aureo. The
rest
of Sasami's shirt was off. Suddenly, Mihoshi and Kiyone appeared. The
leader
Aurew, Aurewono, appeared also. He broke into their ship and grabbed both of
them by their necks with his claws. He threw Mihoshi on the ground and
knocked her unconscious. Kiyone, however, he smashed over and over against
the ground. Finally, he flew off with both of them unconscious. He also had
managed to grab Ryo-oh-ki.
    "Perfect," said Muremono as the Aurews landed in his domain.
"Throw them
into cells!!" Then, Muremono spied Sasami on the ground with no shirt on.
She
was awake but hurt. Muremono smiled. "Muremonza, I've got a surprise for
you," called Muremono. A younger boy, about the age and just a little
taller
than Sasami, emerged. He wasn't shadowed like Muremono.
    "What," asked Muremonza.
    "I've got a new toy for you. It's a young girl. She's yours,"
smiled
Muremono and he pointed to the shirtless Sasami. Muremonza smiled.
    "This will be fun!!"

Sad Love
episode 4

    Muremonza dragged the hurt Sasami into his room.
    "I want you to love me," he said. "I'll treat you well if you
will only
love me. I will bring you any food you want if you'll love me. I'll
treat
you like the true Princess you are. I won't hurt you like Muremono would.
I'll let you sleep in a bed instead of a stone floor. But only if you'll
love
me." Sasami sighed.
    "I'll love you if your kind like that. I know your genetically evil
so
it will be hard to be kind. But if you promise to be nice, then I guess I
might as well," sighed Sasami. Muremonza smiled. "I need one other
thing,"
said Sasami.
    "What??" asked Muremonza.
    "Do you have anything like a shirt or something??" asked Sasami.
    "Oh, sorry," said Muremonza. He tossed her a old shirt.
    "This isn't exactly what I meant, but it'll work," smiled
Sasami.
Muremonza then came up to her.
    "What do you want me to bring you for dinner??" asked Muremonza.
    "A little bit of everything, not to be rude or anything. I just want
to
find out what I like," said Sasami.
    "Fair enough," said Muremonza. And with that, he left the room.
    "He doesn't seem that bad at all," said Sasami to herself.
    "NO!!!!" cried Ayeka as she saw Kiyone, Mihoshi and Ryoko dragged
by.
Ryoko woke up. She somehow struggled out of the guards grasp and phased
through the door to Ayeka's cell. But the guard quickly pulled her out and
serounded her in dark energy. She couldn't phase or fight. She couldn't
teleport out of the domain either. She couldn't really teleport into the
halls, so what was the use. Ryoko, Kiyone and Mihoshi were thrown into a
cell
with Tenchi and Washu. Everyone else layed unconcious while Ryoko waited
until darkness fell. The guards were half asleep. Ryoko then realized that
she could teleport into Ayeka's cell. She did. Ayeka woke up.
    "Ryoko, I need to talk to you!!" whispered Ayeka. "I have a plan.
Tell
the guards your willing to become evil and ask to see Muremono. They'll
take
you to him and ask him to give you a tour around. He probably will, and that
will allow you to teleport all around the building. Then tell him that you
actually better not become evil and be locked away till everyone else is
dead
or else you might be overcome by emotion and turn against Muremono. Then,
when darkeness falls again and everyone is asleep, teleport all of us to the
exit and we can escape!!"
    "Not bad Ayeka, it might work. I have to go, the guards might catch
me.
Good-bye, Princess!!" said Ryoko. Then, she teleported away. Ayeka smiled.
It
was good to see an old friend.
    Muremonza sat at the table and put lots of everything on his plate. What
he couldn't finish, he left.
    "Muremono, may I be excused?? I'm gonna take this extra food I
didn't
eat and experiment on it. I'll test it on that girl, Sasami," he lied.
Muremono nodded. Muremonza took the plate of food up to his room.
    "Sasami, wake up," he said, shaking Sasami's shoulder. Sasami
awoke.
    "Here," he said, handing Sasami a plate of food with a fork.
    "Thank you!!" said Sasami. Sasami ate it all. The only thing she
liked
was the soup with the twenty different crackers, but she was polite and ate
it all.
    "I like the soup the best. I didn't really like the rest of the
stuff,
but I'd eat it if it was the only stuff there was," she said. Muremonza
smiled.
    "Sasami, can I tell you something?" asked Muremonza.
    "Sure," said Sasami.
    "You see, I"m not really evil. Me and Muremono used to be one. But
one
day, Jurians caught him. They hit him with a sword. That sepparated him from
me. I'm the good inside of him, and he is the evil. He's been trying to
turn
me evil ever since," said Muremonza.
    "Oh, I'm sorry. A lot of the Jurians are like that. But not me,
Ayeka or
Yosho. I don't think Queen Masaki or Funaho would do anything like that,
either. Dad, well, you never know. We are all the royal family. Yosho hated
the Jurian ways and fled to earth, never to return. Ayeka made many friends.
But Jurians thought maybe they were terorizing Ayeka since Ayeka came home
with bruises everyday. But that was only because she played rough with them.
But they still hung all Ayeka's friends, so she hated it ever since. She
tries to act proud, but I know that deep down, she hates Juria. Then
there's
me. I hated being a Princess because they never let me out of the palace.
They made me act way to propper. Life was boring. That's why you can trust
us. Just show my sister that you're good and she'll do everything she
can to
save you," said Sasami. Muemonza looked at Sasami.
    "Are you sure??" asked Muremonza. Sasami walked up to him.
    "I promise," she said, hugging him. As she backed up, she saw the
love
in his eyes. Yet, there was saddness in them. Sasami pledged right then and
there to do everything she could to save Muremonza.

Ryoko's and Ayeka's Plan
episode 5

    "Um, excuse me??" said Ryoko at dawn. One of the guards came up to
her.
    "What do you want??" he asked.
    "I've decided to turn myself to Muremono's side," said Ryoko.
"My power
is unbelievable and you would definatly want me on your side. I used to be a
space pirate, you know. Ever heard of space pirate Ryoko, the most wanted
criminal in the universe? Take me to Muremono. I don't care if I'm in
chains
or what, I want to talk with him." The guard nodded. He actually didn't
tie
Ryoko up or anything. He just led her to him.
    "This girl wants to become evil. She was the space pirate that Galaxy
Police had chased for years but never caught," he said. Muremono nodded.
    "I'll give you the grand tour," said Muremono. Muremono led her
around.
    "This room is the dining room. My little brother and I eat here. This
is
where we lock people up. We have plently of dead bodies in here. We have
over
200,567,309 bodies. The number will soon increase when your friends are
killed. We have a certain button we push that makes swords and knives pop
out
of the walls. We then close the walls in a little bit. Then, we realease the
Sonja. It will torture you and then throw your body against the swords and
knives. Then it will pull you off and devour your body until there is
nothing
left but bones. It does that one at a time. Nothing can hurt it. It body is
made out of three layers of steel. Now to the next room. This here is the
art
room. Sometimes, we bring the prisoners in here and draw them. To prove that
you will be evil, you have to model there. Now this next room, this one
right
here, is our battle station. Now anywhere in this entire place that you saw
stairs leading downstairs, they were leading to my room. Any upstairs where
leading to my brothers room. Well, that's basically it," finished
Muremono.
    "You know, I don't think you should let me actually fight until all
my
friends are dead. I still have some feelings for them and I'm afraid I
might
turn on you if I saw you torture them. But if I model, you have to promise
to
kill them at the regular time and I'll become evil. Agreed?" asked
Ryoko.
    "Agreed," said Muremono. Then he led Ryoko to the art room. Ryoko
sat on
the ground in a pose. Another girl was soon draged in there.
    Ryoko sat in that position for what seemed to her like hours. She also
wat
ched the other girl.  Ryoko watched as her portrait was done. The poor girl
shook and shook. Ryoko then saw the painter. He was drooling as he examined
her. Several other's crowded around the painter. Ryoko could tell
something
was up.
    "Done!!" Muremono's voice rang through the air. Ryoko got up and
walked
over to Muremono. The portrait looked exactly like Ryoko. Ryoko smiled.
    "You have wonderful artistic abilities," she commented.
    "Thank you," said Muremono. Then, Muremono hung Ryoko's portrait
amont ma
ny others. Then, she and Muremono joined the crowd around the painter.
    "He's almost done," commented Ryoko.
    "He's quick," replied Muremono.
    "He's good," said Ryoko.
    "Thanks," mumbled the painter. Every detail on the figure was their.
Ryoko didn't know how they did it. The painter made the last detail, then
put
his brush down and carried the painting to the model.
    "You like it??" he asked.
    "It's wonderful," stampered the figure. She relaxed herself. The
painter
hung the portrait up and then walked up to the girl. Everyone else crowded
around him. He smiled evily.
    "I'll take you up to my room," he said. Ryoko figured that was the last
time anyone would see the girl again.
    That night, Ryoko teleported to Ayeka's cell.
    "I'm afraid there is no way out. We need to get Sasami, I think she
was
awake when she came here," said Ryoko. Ayeka nodded. Ryoko then took
Ayeka's
hand and they teleported to the bottom of the stairs by Muremonza's room.
Both ran up the stairs and phased through the door.  Muremonza was asleep.
Sasami was, too. Ayeka picked up Sasami and Ryoko teleported them back to
the
cell. Ayeka shook Sasami till she woke.
    "Sasami, do you remember how the Aurews got in??" asked Ayeka.
Sasami
nodded.
    "There is a sheild you can just go through and then you come in
through
the battle station," said Sasami. Ryoko nodded.
    "We're going home," said Ryoko. Ayeka was about to teleport with
Ryoko
to the other cell to get everyone else and leave when a thought struck her.
Akemi flashed through her mind. Ayeka looked down at the ring.
    "Ryoko, take everyone back. I need to stay and fight," she
confessed.
    "Ayeka, I won't leave you hear alone. I'm coming back for you,"
said
Ryoko.

Unlock Akemi
episode 6

    "I'll get everyone home and then I'll come for you last, Ayeka,"
said
Ryoko.
    "Alright," said Ayeka. "But get everyone out of here fast!!"
Ryoko
nodded. She would take Tenchi first.
    "Ryoko, what about everyone else??" he asked.
    "I'm coming back for them," said Ryoko. She teleported to the
battle
area and left through the open area. Once out of the sheild, she teleported
home. Sasami shook everyone awake. Ryoko came back for her, next.
    "I have to defeat Muremono myself," said Ayeka to herself. Her ring
began to glow.
    Suddenly, Sasami's voice rang through Ayeka's mind.
    "Ayeka, Muremonza is good. He and Muremono used to be one. But Jurians
split them up. Muremonza is the good inside Muremono," she said. Ayeka
nodded. Her whole body began to glow and she floated into the air with new
power.
    "Washu," said Ryoko after dropping Sasami off. Washu opened her
eyes.
She was still seriously ingured.
    "Ry-Ryoko," she said painfully.
    "It's all right, mom. I'm taking you home, don't worry," said
Ryoko.
For the first time ever, she huged her mom. But unfortunatly, Washu
couldn't
enjoy it. She was in to much pain.
    "Let's go home," said Ryoko.
    "No, I'll be the last to go. You need to take everyone else. I'm
not in
as much danger as them," mumbled Washu. Ryoko was going to complain until
she
saw the fierceness in Washu's eyes. She nodded. Ryo-oh-ki was already
home,
so she just needed to take Mihoshi and Kiyone. She took them at the same
time. Washu then began to wonder off.
    "Muremono, I have come to fight with you!!" yelled Ayeka. Muremono
showed himself.
    "Oh really??" he asked sarcastically. Ayeka unleashed a beam of
power.
Muremono did, also. The battle was on.
    Washu journied through the hall till she reached the battle. A small
strip of energy that had been forced to the side hit her and she fell back.
Ryoko suddenly appeared above her mom.
    "Mom," Ryoko whispered, tears in her eyes. She picked up Washu.
    "This has been the first time you've ever called me that, and it
will
probably be the last," said Washu.
    "No it won't, Washu. You'll make it. Everything will be fine,"
cried
Ryoko, the tears really flowing.
    "That's the first time you've ever cried for me," said Washu.
Then she
squinted her eyes in pain. Her head rolled over onto Ryoko's shoulder,
eyes
closed. She was unconscious. Her fate was uncertain. Ryoko wanted to shake
Washu until she woke up, but she knew better. Ryoko quickly teleported to
the
battle station, then floated outside the sheild, then home. Once home, Ryoko
set Washu down on the bed very gently, as if she was a glass doll. Ryoko
wanted to stay by Washu's side, but she had to go. Ayeka was still there.
Ryoko stood up. She didn't even bother to wipe her tear. Soon, she was
back
inside.
    "Why do you fight me??" yelled Muremono. "I wanted only to marry
you!!"
    "Because you tortured my friends and I will not tolerate that!!"
yelled
Ayeka. She sent out a little more energy, but so did Muremono. Ryoko crept
in. Ayeka couldn't take it anymore.
    "UNLOCK AKEMI!!!!" she yelled. A huge blast of energy came out.
Muremono
was hit and fell. But before he hit the ground, he started floating
unconscious. So was Muremonza. The joined. A bright light hit, and Ayeka
knew that they had been reborn as one. Suddenly, she collapsed. Ryoko
hurried to her side. She took Ayeka into her arms.
    "Ryoko," Ayeka managed to say. "Tell everyone I said good-bye."
Ryoko
knew what Ayeka meant.
    "What are you talking about. There is going to be no good-bye!!"
said
Ryoko though she knew she was wrong.
    "I can feel the end is near, Ryoko," said Ayeka.
    "NO IT'S NOT!!" Ryoko yelled again. Ayeka turned to Ryoko and
smiled.
    "You always wanted Tenchi. Now, he's all yours. You don't have to
fight
with me anymore," Ayeka said.
    "But I want to fight with you, Ayeka!! It was always fun. Though we
seemed mad, we were always having fun!! Ayeka don't go!!" cried Ryoko.
    "Ryoko, good-bye," said Ayeka.
    "No!!!" cried Ryoko and she hugged Ayeka, her tears falling onto the
back of Ayeka's kamono. Then, her eyes opened quickly as she felt
Ayeka's
hand on her shoulder.
    "It will be okay," said Ayeka. Then her hand fell. Ryoko pulled
Ayeka
down from her soulder onto her lap again.
    "Ayeka??" Ryoko whispered. Ayeka used the last of her strength to
open
her eyes and look at Ryoko.
    "Good-bye, Ryoko," whispered Ayeka. Then, her eyes closed as her
head
fell.
    "Ayeka??" asked Ryoko. She felt Ayeka's pulse. There was none.
    "Ayeka??" she asked louder. She forced open Ayeka's eyes, but they
were
rolled back into her head.
    "NO!!! AYEKA!!!" yelled Ryoko, but it was too late. Ayeka was dead.
Ryoko morned at Ayeka's side for quite some time, but finally, she took
Ayeka's dead body and went home.
    "How will I ever explain to them??" wondered Ryoko as she floated
outside the Masaki summer house. She landed. Tenchi ran out. Then he noticed
Ayeka.
    "Is she...is she..." Tenchi began, but he didn't have to finish.
He knew
the answer. Ryoko gave Ayeka to Tenchi and he held her.
    "She died right in my arms," said Ryoko, looking at her hands. Then,
Washu limped out. Washu longed to hug Ryoko again, but she knew better. She
smiled at Ryoko. Ryoko smiled back, but it quickly faded.
    "Ayeka, she's..." started Ryoko, but Washu held up her hand.
    "I know. I know about Akemi and Ayeka," said Washu.
    "But I'm glad your okay, Washu," said Ryoko. Washu smiled, then
she went
back inside. Tenchi handed Ayeka back to Ryoko. He couldn't bare to look
at
her anymore. Suddenly, Sasami started to come out.
    "She can't see Ayeka, not yet!!" though Tenchi. Without thinking,
he hit
her, sending her flying backward into another room. Tenchi quickly ran up to
the door and locked it. Ryoko set Ayeka down and teleported inside the the
room. Sasami turned to her.
    "Why did Tenchi hit me!!" she yelled.
    "He will explain later. It's something that he didn't want you to
see,"
said Ryoko.
    "Where's Ayeka?? I need to talk to her!!" said Sasami, calming
down.
    "You can't talk to her now. For now, I'm sorry, but your going to
half
to stay in here. But hey, at least your locked in a room that isn't
completely dark and there is a TV in here with video games. I couldn't
think
of a better place to be locked in," said Ryoko. "I'm sorry Sasami."
Sasami
nodded and switched on the TV. Ryoko teleported out. She gathered up
everyone
and told them the news. Kiyone and Mihoshi set out to get the tombstone.
Washu, Tenchi and Ryoko began to dig the grave down by Ayeka's favorite
cherry blossom tree. Once they had dug the full six feet, they headed up to
get Ayeka's body.
    "Washu, are you sure there isn't any way to bring Ayeka back??"
asked
Ryoko.
    "I'm afraid not, Ryoko. Not while I'm in this condition. If I had
been
better, I could've. But since it would require a lot of running, I knew it
was impossibe. I would have to get it done while Ayeka's organs were still
alive. But they're not anymore. I'm afraid she is gone for good," said
Washu. Ryoko nodded. Once they had brought Ayeka back, they found Kiyone and
Mihoshi waiting there. They had placed the tombstone. Ingraved in the stone
it read:
R.I.P.

IN MEMORY OF:
AYEKA MASAKI
CROWN PRINCESS OF JURIA

    Everyone then set out to get Ayeka's favorite flowers. They tied then
together with Ayeka's favorite ribbon, the silk pink one. All placed the
flowers at the bottom of the stone. Now they would tell Sasami. He trudged
back. Tenchi unlocked the door. Sasami switched off the TV.
    "I'm sorry I hit you Sasami," said Tenchi.
    "It's all right, I understand," said Sasami. Then, everyone turned
their
backs to Sasami and motioned for her to follow. They led her down to the
Cherry Blossom Tree. They parted along side the tombstone.
    "What is this??" Sasami asked. Then she saw the words AYEKA MASAKI
written on the stone. Sasami looked up at everyone with tears in her eyes.
They nodded.
    "NOO!!!!!!!!" cried Sasami. She flung herself onto the tombstone,
hugging it. Slowly, she fell to her knees, crying.
    "Ayeka!!!!!!" she yelled.

Ayeka Forever
episode 7

    Sasami walked slowly to the store. She missed having Ayeka with her.
Ryo-oh-ki sat on her head as usual. Suddenly, something caught Sasami's
eye.
A girl who appeared to be as old as Ayeka was following Sasami. She also
looked exactly like Ayeka. But Ayeka was dead. It couldn't be Ayeka.
Sasami
walked into the store. The purple haired girl was still following. She
followed Sasami around the whole store, always staying an isle behind. She
waited at the door with absoulutly nothing bought. While Sasami purchased
the
usual things needed for her cooking, the girl watched and watied. As Sasami
left, she followed. Sasami was starting to get unconfortable. She picked up
her pace.
    "Who is she, why is she following me??" wondered Sasami. Then, she
noticed the girl speeding up also. Sasami began to run. So did the girl.
Sasami ran as hard as possible all the way home and didn't look back. She
finally reached home.
    "Whoa, whoa, Sasami, whats up??" said Tenchi.
    "This weird girl who looked like Ayeka was following me. I tried to
run,
but she chased me," said Sasami.
    "It's okay, there's no one here," said Tenchi, looking around.
That day
was the day that they were all going to sit around Ayeka's grave and name
ten
good things about her, then say a prayer, then just remember. Tenchi
motioned
for Sasami to follow. It was time. They walked down. Everyone sat down and
began to shed tears.
    "Okay, we have to name ten good things about Ayeka," said Ryoko.
"I know
one thing, she always tried to be good to others."
    "She was always nice and smiling," said Sasami.
    "She had great pride," said Mihoshi.
    "She had faith in her planet," remarked Kiyone.
    "She tried to fit in," sighed Washu.
    "Ayeka always loved to have fun with me," smiled Tenchi.
    "Her looks were to die for," said Ryoko, her face blank.
    "Ayeka always had a warm hug," wept Sasami.
    "She always tried and never gave up," Washu said, crying.
    "What's one more??" wondered Sasami out loud.
    "Though she was fragile, her faith in us and herself made her
strong,"
said a voice. Everyone turned to see the girl who had been following Sasami
sitting there. Suddenly, she got up.
    "I...I...I didn't mean to disturb you!!" she cried, great fear in
her
voice. Then, she turned around and started to run. Ryoko got up to run after
her, but Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder.
    "I don't think she meant any harm, Ryoko," said Tenchi. Ryoko
sighed and
sat down.
    "Well, she said the tenth good thing about Ayeka," said Ryoko.
Everyone
nodded. Who was that strange girl??
    Ryoko sat in her summer house room, staring out the window. Suddenly,
she
spotted the girl sitting next to Ayeka's grave, praying. Something white
started to rise out of the grave.
    "Oh my god no!!!!" whispered Ryoko to herself. Then, she teleported
to
the grave. The girl looked up. The only difference between her and Ayeka was
that the hair that was over the pigtails was in a partial ponytail and her
pigtails were braided. She got up started to run again, but Ryoko caught
her.
    "What the hell are you doing with Ayeka's grave!?!?" yelled Ryoko,
turning the girl around and shaking her.
    "I won't ever tell!!!!" yelled the girl, braking free of Ryoko's
grasp.
She fell to the ground. Ryoko pulled out her sword.
    "Well I'm not letting you touch it again!!" yelled Ryoko. She
jumped for
the girl. But the girl pulled out a wooden pole from inside her kamono. It
enlarged from five centimeters to three feet. She jumped at Ryoko. The items
clashed. Both of them fell back.
    "What?!?! My sword should've cut right through that wooden pole!!"
thought Ryoko. She sprag up and pointed her sword right at the girls chest.
The girl quickly jumped up and held the pole vetical. A purple force shone
around her and the pole. All of it then focused on the pole. A metal needle
about three inches long came out. Two blades stuck out of the sides of the
metal needle. The pole had become a lance. The top looked like an arrow
head.
Ryoko gasped and backed up. The strange girl jumped towards Ryoko with the
lance. Ryoko couldn't get out of the way in time. She fell to the ground.
The
girl then ran off into the forest. Ryoko put her arm down to push herself
up,
but then screamed in pain. The pain shot through her shoulder like nothing
before. The lance had cut deeply into Ryoko's shoulder. There was a puddle
of
blood forming below Ryoko's arm. From inside, Tenchi saw the blood and
quickly ran out with several rolls of toilet paper and a bucket of water..
Without a word from Ryoko, Tenchi wet the toilet paper and cleaned the
wound.
He then bound it with toilet paper.
    "Change the toilet paper in an hour and then leave it," said Tenchi,
helping Ryoko up.
    "I knew that girl was trouble, Tenchi!!" said Ryoko, houlding her
shouder where it was bound. The girl watched from the forest as Ryoko and
Tenchi walked away.
    "I'm sorry, Ryoko," she said to herself, then she turned around
and ran.
    "I say we find her and kill her!!!" said Ryoko as they discussed the
girl over dinner.
    "I'm afraid we might have to if she's messing with Ayeka's
grave,"
sighed Kiyone. Then Sasami asked, "But do we have to be that violent??
Can't
we just take her hostage?? Her eyes remind me of Ayeka."
    "I'm afraid also that we have to kill her. Tomarrow, we'll all
hide
around Ayeka's grave. When she comes, Ryoko, you teleport to right behind
her
and hold her arms. Everyone else will pull out their weapons and point it at
her chest. If she doesn't tell us what she's doing, then I guess we will
have to kill her," sighed Washu. Everyone agreed.
    "Ryo-oh-ki, you watch the grave tonight. Make sure she doesn't come.
If
she does, then scream your loudest and attack her. If you can't hold her
back, then become a space ship, okay??" said Ryoko.
Ryo-oh-ki nodded. After dinner, she truged out to the grave with a basket of
carrots and jacks to play with. Everyone else slept soundly till light
streamed through the window. Sasami peered out her window. She had slept on
the couch so that she could watch over Ryo-oh-ki. Everyone else came down
the
stairs. They all walked out to the grave. Mihoshi and Kiyone had guns.
Tenchi
had a sword that he found in Yosho's trunk. Sasami carried a different
sword.
Washu had a wooden pole with a metal tip. When Washu pushed a button on the
pole, a painfull laser would shoot out. Ryoko had her normal sword.
    "Ryo-oh-ki, go inside and get some rest," said Sasami to the droopy
eyed
cabbit. Ryo-oh-ki walked slowly inside. Then, everyone hid. Tenchi and Ryoko
hid in the cherry blossom tree above Ayeka's grave. Kiyone and Mihoshi
stood
behind some trees to the right side of the grave. Washu and Sasami stood
behind some tree's in the forest to the left side of the grave.They
watched
and waited. It wasn't long before the girl showed up. She looked around,
then
walked towards the grave. Ryoko appeared behind her and grabbed her arms.
    "HEY, LEMME GO!!!!!!" she yelled. Everyone else jumped out and
pointed
their weapons towards her chest. Dark clouds had settled in overhead.
    "Tell us what your doing!!!!" yelled Ryoko.
    "NNNNOOOOO!!!!!!!!!" she yelled. Somehow, she broke free of
Ryoko's
grasp and started running towards the grave. Ryoko appeared in front of her.
The young girl quickly pulled out her lance. She bashed Ryoko with the
wooden
part, knocking her to the ground, then kept running. She dodged the fires
from Kiyone and Mihoshi, then hit them to the ground, too.
    "I don't know if I can do this!!!" said Sasami to herself as she
watched
Washu run out there but quickly get knocked down also.
    "Think of this Sasami, it's for your sister!!" said Sasami to
herself.
She ran out. The first blow was blocked with her sword, but a second knocked
her down. But Sasami swung the sword at the girls ankle, cutting it deeply.
She tried to run, but fell. Tenchi, the last one, ran out with the sword.
Closing his eyes tightly, he raised the sword. The clouds then let go of
their rain. Outside was dark. Tenchi opened his eyes. Lightening flashed.
Tenchi got a good glimpse fo the girls face.
    "A..Ayeka??" he whispered. The girls eyes were like Ayeka's
exactly.
They seemed to penetrate through Tenchi. Thoughts flooded into Tenchi's
mind.
He fell to his knees, then to the ground, though still conscious. The girl
got up and ran toward the grave. Her ankle wound tripped her again right in
front of the grave. She crawled toward it.
    "Angle of light, here me cry!!!
     Let the deeds be undone, let your spirit fly!! (the white mist began
rising out of the grave)
     Angel of light, let me see your face!!!
     Angel of light, begin to take shape!!! (a figure began to appear out of
the white mist)
     Angel of death, the same thing!!!
     As the angel of light, born from the same king!!!
     But Angel of light, here my cry!!!
     While you stive, let the angel of death die!!!!" she screamed. The
white
mist became a person made of mist.
    "Kanji-su-antigel!!! Kanji-su-antigel!!! Kanji-su-antigel!!!"
chanted
the girl as the mist figure from inside the grave came toward her. Everyone
watched in horror as the girl chanted the last words.
    "Jonteca-umo!!!" she cried. The rain fell harder than ever as
lightning
pierced the sky many times. Wind blew fiercely. The white mist figure then
settled down into the girl. A purple force then serounded her. She closer
her
eyes and spun very slowly while floating upwards. Then, all of the force
formed a small ball about five feet away from the girl. A puple light shot
from it and circled her. A familiar kamono appeared on her. The top layer of
hair came out of the partial ponytail and the pig tails were no longer
braided. Then, she stopped spinned. The ball was directly in front of her
face. Suddenly, a purple laser shot out of it straight into her forehead.
The
ball began getting smaller as it shot more and more of itselt towards her
forehead. Finally, it was nothing. A blue glowing spot appeared on her
forehead. Suddenly, Ayeka's tiara appeared. From it shot two purple forces
that settled on a front part of her hair and created the golden plates with
the two beads hanging down. The girl then floated down and landed on her
feet. She opened her eyes. The rain stopped. The figure walked towards
Ryoko.
The toilet paper had fallen off Ryoko's arm and the cut looked very
serios.
The new girl knelt down by Ryoko's arm.
    "Who are you!?!?!?!" yelled Ryoko. The girl just smiled. Then, she
closer her eyes and put her hand out three inches away from Ryoko's wound.
A
purple light serounded her again as she closer her eyes. Then it stopped.
She
put down her hand and opened her eyes. Ryoko looked at her arm. It looked
like nothing had ever happened to it!!!!
    "You don't remember me??" came a fimiliar voice from the new girl.
    "Ayeka??" said Ryoko, sitting up. She shook her head.
    "No, Akemi," she said. "You remember the story of how Sasami and
Tsunami
were joined, right?? Well, the same thing happened to me. Only I died from
the saddness of seeing Sasami die. I died in front of a tree named Akemi.
While Sasami was joined with Tsunami, I was joined with Akemi. Ayeka is dead
forever. She will never be back. But I am Akemi. It was time for Ayeka to
become me, and she is. Our only difference is that I am more powerful. I am
the third most powerful ship of Juria. But you may call me Ayeka or Akemi,
for I am both."
    "I think we'll call you Ayeka," said Tenchi. Ayeka smiled.
Everyone then
shot forward to hug her.
    "I'm sorry that the small girl who kept coming around here hurt you,
but
her whole mission was to resurect me. She was made in Juria. But because
that
was her whole purpose in life, she got carried away," said Ayeka,
embracing
everyone. They all smiled. She was back!!!!!

Preivew of Power of the Princess part2
    Ayeka's back and more powerful then ever. But she is also back with
bad
news. An evil soverign is coming. She will soon over take the life of a
young
girl of which she lives in. They have to stop her from overtaking the life
of
the young girl, or she will destroy the universe. But who could the girl
be??
