Update Log: command executed
Time Stamp: Washu Year 21,138: March 15th, 13:34
Last Update Was: Washu Year 21,138: March 7th, 18:44
Log Recording: You can speak when you are ready, Washu

        Well, here I am again. I used to update my log once a month, maybe,
and
now it
seems like I’m doing it just about every week. I guess I just have more I
want to
remember now days...
        So much has happened since we fought Seliph and the KalMor in space.
Since the
day I reclaimed my power as the Middle Goddess of the Sisters. I don’t
feel any different
really, except that now I can do pretty much what ever I want to...
        I must say, being omnipotent and knowing all the secrects of the
universe certanly
does take away from being a scientist. I’ve spent only three whole days
in my lab since the
my last update. Only three. The rest I spent with Tenchi and Sasami and
Ayeka, helping
them clean up the dead leaves left from winter, and making the shrine
presentable for
visitors when they start coming. Sure, I’m a Goddess, but I still get
pleasure from
working with my hands, doing some honest work instead of just making
things the way I
want them.
        My Daughter and my soon-to-be Son-in-law moved away from the Masaki
home
almost two months ago now. They’re happy living in Hiro’s old place in
town, and the
wedding plans are going smoothly. I hope they have a splended wedding and
honey moon.
        Well, knowing Ryoko, they’ll have a hell of a honeymoon.... he
he....
        Any way, so they’re happy. Brice keeps Mihoshi and Kiyone busy by
feeding them
cases for their PI buisness, and the two GPO’s are still doing regular
patrols. It seems
they’ve started they’re own little family, also seperate from ours.
        Tenchi and Ayeka are getting on just fine. They haven’t planed any
weddings yet,
becasue they still want to confirm plans for sucsestion to the thrown of
Juri. Tenchi
doesn’t want that kind of responsibility, and Ayeka wants to stay with
him. Neither of
them want to push it on to Sasami though, so another soulotion must be
found. That will
develope further I’m sure.
        What else? Ah! Nobuyuki has finnally come to terms with the fact
that
I’m the
same old Washu. I felt that he needed to know if our relationship was
going to continue.
He stamered around it for a few weeks, but I think he can see now that
I’m not going to
change and become a Goddess full time just because I remembered that I
was one.
        Other then him, I’ve told Tenchi and Kiyone. Tenchi because I wanted
to
reasure
him about Yosho’s happieness, and Kiyone because she was smart enough to
figure out
that I hadn’t fiered any kind of weapon at Seliph in space. She knew that
I had done
something weird, and so I told her. She took it rather well, and just
shook her head and
mumbled something about not ever being able to write an honest report.
        I’m going to go eat lunch now. I’ll have to keep it small. Sasami
always
prepares a
feast for family dinner nights once a week. Everyone should be comming
home in a few
hours. I’ll have to remember to get Ryoko in to my lab so I can fit her
dress for the
wedding. And Hiro’s tux will be next week... oh I’ve always wanted to
plan my daughters
wedding and now I get to! It’s a blast! Computer, end.

Log Update Compleat
Saving.... done.

Power of the Gods
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter 1: The Power of The Earth
Note: I don’t own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well,
except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. I’d say
that’s one of the
biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a great story that
other’s want to write
about it. So please, this is a fan appreciative story, don’t sue me for
using your stuff OK?
(Believe me, you wouldn’t get too much any way....)
Author’s notes: This fic picks up where my first series, Tenchi Muyo!
What Happens
Next?, left off. You should read that series before you read this one.

        Spring was a great season at the Masaki shrine. Acually, every
season
was pretty
great at the Masaki shrine in one way or another. Spring was an
especially nice season
though, because it brought a sense of re-birth with it, and this year,
re-birth was a most
wealcome thing.
        Tenchi swept the steps of the shrine with a whistful far off look in
his
eyes. It
seemed like so long ago now that they had fought Seliph and Washu had
remembered her
God-hood. She had said that she would battle with Tokemi eventually, and
Tenchi was
sure they couldn’t help with that, but he worried some times that the
evil elder sister of his
‘Auntie Washu’ might send more minions like Seliph to destroy the family
her wayward
sibling had gathered about her.
        For now though, things were peaceful. Hiro came by three times a
week to
train
with Tenchi, so they could both keep in shape. Without Yosho around to
train the young
Masaki, he feared he might never advance any further. Washu had assured
him that he was
no where near his full power, and that he’d adavance further if he
trained hard enough, but
Tenchi found it difficult to train with out getting sentimental.
        Ryoko and Hiro had moved out of the house soon after the battle in
space, and it
had seemed so mundane without them around. As much as he hated to admit
it, Tenchi
acually missed their non-stop arguing and blantent displays of affection.
They gave an air
of comic relife to the place that it just hadn’t had since they left.
Ryo-Ohki had left with
her mistress, so not even she was around to engage in her normal cabit
anctics.
        Mihoshi still lived with Kiyone, and now Brice as well. The three of
them got on
quite well, though Tenchi did feel sorry for Kiyone, who had to live with
her friends
constant make-out sesstion, and the sounds they made at night (she had
discribed them to
him as animilistic and sickening.) The new priest of the Masaki Shrine
chuckled at the
GPO’s bad luck.
        Ayeka had seemed worried for several months now. She feared what her
father
would do about neither her nor Yosho’s grandson wanting to take the
thrown. Sasami
definetly didn’t deserve that fate, and she would be a Goddess when she
grew up any way.
So who would take the thrown? Tenchi had sat up with her long into the
night several
times discusing it, and so far they hadn’t reached a soulotion. They
didn’t want to leave
Earth, and the empire couldn’t be ruled from where they were.
        Tenchi sighed. They would figure it out eventually, he was sure.
        His thoughts then wandered to Washu. The diminutive woman who used
to
live in
the broom closet in a sub space lab, now had a regular bed room in the
house, and acually
used it more then four times a week. She had seemed so distracted from
her work lately.
Tenchi chalked it up to her being a Goddess, and already knowing
everything there was to
know, but still, she should still get the rush of inventing something
new, shouldn’t she? He
shook his head.
        That woman had become a compleat inigma to him and the rest of the
family.
Except for one person, he quickly reminded himself.
        His father, Nobuyuki, had taken it quite well when Washu had told
him
about her
true nature. He just brushed it off, and had said, “Well, as long as
you’re still the same
Washu I fell in love with, then I don’t care what you are.” Washu had of
corse then
jumped on him and asked if he truely did love her, and if so, could they
get married and
have children and a little cottage with a white picket fence and a cat
and a dog and.....
        Tenchi smiled at the thought of his poor father realing from the
verbal
assult of the
short red headed girl. The smiled faded though, and then vanished.
Something was close...
        Quick as a flash, Tenchi dropped the broom and darted to one side.
The
ground he
had been sweeping was blasted by a rush of air as something touched down
there and then
jumped again, faster then the eye could track. The Tenchi-Ken was out and
ready in a split
second, and Tenchi had rolled to his left before the attack came at his
new location.
        Standing and spinning about, Tenchi held up his sword in a defensive
pose, and a
green energy saber crossed it with a flash and a strong impact that hurt
his arms. He
concentrated for a moment, and his Jurian battle uniform appeared on him.
Hiro appeared
at the same time, dressed for battle as well.
        “You have damn quick reflexes, bud.” Hiro grinned, his sword still
crossed with
Tenchi’s.
        “And you’re getting better at sneaking up on me.” Tenchi smiled
back.
Suddenly,
they flew into a flurry of strikes and blocks that would have made a
normal person dizzy
just watching. They seperated and panted for breath.
        “Don’t hold back now, Tenchi....” Hiro said.
        “I don’t want to use the Light Hawk Wings on you yet... I don’t know
if
you can
take that kind of abuse....”
        “Well, we wont know until we try will we?” Hiro smiled and lost his
sword,
“Dodge this, punk.” he said, and started to hurl energy blasts at his
friend. Tenchi jumped
back and started to dodge the blasts.
        “Not this close to the shrine!” he yelled as a stray blast ripped a
huge
hole in the
ground.
        “Better figure out how to move the fight then!” Hiro yelled back and
powered up a
huge blast. He threw it with a scream, right at Tenchi, who stood before
the shrine.
        The blast hit and exploded, but the explostion was contained. When
the
dust
cleared, Tenchi floated off the ground a few feet, and his uniform had
changed to the
white and blue of the Light Hawk Wing outfit. The glowing sheild before
him seperated
down to the three glowing wings, and he grasped one. It became a sword,
and the other
two flew about him, acting as protective sheilds.
        Hiro grinned and started his attack again, throwing blast after
blast.
Tenchi simply
floated where he was and the shields blocked all of the energy balls.
Hiro put both hands
together and pointed them at his friend, palms out, and a beam of green
energy streaked
forth, hitting one of the shileds, but not going any further.
        Tenchi took on a grim exprestion, and bellowed out a battle cry
suddenly. Hiro’s
beam fed back on it’s self, becoming blue white as it did, and blasted
into him. He was
thrown back into the woods, and took out several trees as he tumbled down
the hill.
Tenchi flew after him with his sword in hand.
        Hiro blasted up out of the small crater he had made when he finnally
stopped and
flew at his friend with a cry of blood curdeling anger on his lips. He
crossed swords with
Tenchi, and was pushed away. They engadged in battle in mid air, fighting
until they both
seperated and were panting. Hiro knew he was fighting a losing battle
though.
        They came back together, and this time Tenchi had a definet upper
hand.
He
shoved Hiro back and kicked him in the chest. A green glow surrounded
Hiro and he
blasted back at Tenchi with all of his might. They met again, but Tenchi
caught hold of
him this time, and pounded his fist into Hiro’s face, sending him spining
to the ground.
Tenchi nodded, sure that his friend wouldn’t get up after that blow, and
started to decend
slowly.
        His sheild suddenly spun about to block a huge blast of red energy.
He
was
knocked back from the blow, and when he looked up, Ryoko was already on
top of him.
They exchanged a few blows, but he wasn’t any where near as fast or as
strong as she
was. With two gems and a better understanding of her powers, she out
classed him by a
long shot.
        He put up a good fight, but soon found that he was pulling himself
out
of a crater
right next to one that Hiro still lay in. He looked down at his friend
and heard him grown.
        “You okay in ther Hiro?” Tenchi called.
        “I’m fine.... waiting for my leg to heal up.” Tenchi noted the blood
staining his
frineds pant leg, and looked over at Ryoko as she landed next to him.
        “You hit my baby...” Ryoko said to him with a smirk, “And I wanted
my
revenge!”
        “Well, if Hiro can’t increase his power much more, I may have to
start
training
with you any way.” Tenchi looked back at Hiro as he pulled himself out of
his hole.
        “I’ll get better... just let me train a bit more... I’ll be as
powerful
as the two of
you.” he nodded at them.
        “Hiro,” Ryoko said, “Maybe we should talk to Mom and see if you can
get
more
powerful. We don’t even know if you’ve maxed out your power level without
more then
just one gem.”
        “I know I can get better.” he replied, “I can feel it. I just have
to
train harder.”
        “Well... just don’t push yourself too hard...” Tenchi said.
        “Let’s get back to the house.” Ryoko smiled at the two young men,
“I’m
hungry
and Sasami should have dinner ready soon.”

        “Hey Mom?” Ryoko asked as she stood on a stool in the middle of a
room
in
Washu’s lab.
        “Yes Little Ryoko?” Washu replied as she stuck another pin in the
hem of
the
flowing white dress that her daughter wore. It really was a lovely dress.
They had picked it
out from a window of a little shop in Venice, where the owner sewed
everything by hand.
It looked wonderful on Ryoko.
        “Is it posibal for Hiro to push his power further then what only one
gem
would
normally give him?”
        “Why do you ask?” Washu made a mental note of the height of the hem,
and
stuck
another pin in to hold it.
        “He seems to think that he can push his power level up to where
Tenchi
and I
are...” she said with a fair amount of concern in her voice.
        “And you’re worried that he’ll push too far?” Washu looked up at her
and
smiled,
“Don’t worry about it. He can increase his power a little, but not to
where you are. That
would take another gem, or... something else...”
        “Well he’s going to kill himself if he keeps up the way he is.”
Ryoko
sounded
slightly angry now, “I don’t want to be widowed after two months because
he feels the
need to fight against Tenchi and the Light Hawk Wings.”
        “He wont. He’ll come to terms, or he’ll find that something else.
That’s
all there is
to it.” Washu stood back and looked Ryoko up and down, “You’re breath
taking,
Daughter.”
        Ryoko spun in a slow circle, and let the dress billow out a little.
She
stopped and
let it swirl around her legs, “You think so?”
        “I do. You’ll make a lovely bride.” Washu walked over and hugged her
daughter’s
legs.
        Ryoko put a hand on her mother’s head and smiled, “Thank’s Mom.”

        Hiro pushed himself up again. Working out every day had become a
habbit
he
couldn’t seem to break. Even on days when he was sore from a long
afternoon of fighting
Tenchi the previous day, he still got up in the morning and worked out.
        1,500 push-ups. 2,000 sit ups. He ran five kilometers a day, and
went
through
several fighting manuvers in the yard behind the apartment complex he and
Ryoko lived in.
The little kids from around the area came and watched him, and they even
tried to mimick
him now and then. He had doctored more then one skined knee or bumped
head as a
result, but he tried to show them how to do some things every now and
then.
        He was now getting ready for his run, just finishing his push ups.
There
had to be a
better way to work out then to just do all of this every day. Some way to
make it harder,
so that he would get more out of it. He thought about that the whole time
he was running,
and then it was at the back of his mind as he taught several kids how to
do a simple kick
and punch combo that he engaged in for a warm up.
        All that day at his job at a day care facility, he thought about
soulotions. He
finnally just commited to going and talking to Washu about it. She would
be able to give
him a device of some sort that would help.
        After he had seen all of the children off, and cleaned up, he told
his
boss good bye,
and walked home. There, he changed his cloths to his normal street
clothing, and
teleported to the Masaki home.
        He appeared in the living room, floating above the couch. Looking
down,
he saw
Ayeka taking a nap, so he floated over to the door to Washu’s lab
silently. Sasami walked
out of the kitchen and crossed the room on tip toes. She looked over and
saw him as she
passed, and waved. He smiled and waved back, and then she went up the
stairs, and he
ducked through the lab door.
        “Washu?” he called as he walked in.
        “Over here!” she called back. Hiro wandered through the dense
foliage
that was
the diminutive woman’s garden, and found himself in a room full of sewing
suplies. Washu
stood in front of a stool with a grin on her face.
        “What’s this?” he asked.
        “Your fitting for your tux.” he opened his mouth to protest, but she
cut
him off,
“No arguing. I’ve been trying to get you in here for a week and a half
now, and you keep
comming up with some excuse or another. Up on the stool now.” she pointed
and he hung
his head. Dejectedly he took up his position on the stool.
        Washu waved her hand and his clothes instantly changed to the tux he
would be
wearing for the wedding. It seemed to fit him perfectly. Washu blinked.
        “Oh... well,” she smiled, “I guess I got it right on the first try!”
        “Well, you did mesure me down to the nanometer...” Hiro replied.
        “I supose I did...” Washu tossed her pins aside and waved her hand
again. Hiro’s
normal clothing returned, and he stepped down from the stool, “Now what
brings you to
my lab today Hiro?” she asked him.
        “I wanted to ask a favor or you.” he replied.
        “What would you like? Anything for my son-in-law.” Washu smiled.
        “I need a better way to train. I want to work out, and to be able to
power up with
out blowing half the area I’m in to little bits. Do you have any spare
sub-space rooms
sitting around I could use or something?”
        “Um....” Washu thought for a moment. She snapped her fingers, and
shouted, “Ah
ha!” She had not snapped her fingers because she had a bright idea, she
had done it to
activate her powers. She found it easier to make something when she made
a motion or
snapped her fingers. She was still getting used to her powers again.
        In this case, she had created something in another part of the lab.
She
grabbed his
hand and pulled him along, “I have just the thing for you!” she shouted,
and laughed
manicly.
        “Oh boy...” Hiro said as she pulled him to a teleporting pad.

        “With this device,” Washu said, motioning to a 40 foot tall, 50 foot
wide, 60 foot
deep box, “You will be able to train like you’ve never trained before!”
        “How is that?” Hiro asked.
        “Well, when you enter it and turn it on, it slows time down for
you.”
she said.
        “Really? So I could stay in there and train for hours and then come
out
only a few
minutes latter?”
        “If you wanted. It has variable setting, so you could acually stay
in
for 20 years
and come out maybe a day or two latter if you wanted.”
        “That’s amazing. When can I start?” Hiro looked at the huge box with
a
dreamy
look in his eyes.
        “Right now if you want. I’ll set it to end at dinner time,” she
looked
at her watch,
“in two hours. How long do you want to spend inside?”
        “What will I do about food?” Hiro asked.
        “There’s a food replecator on the inside, as well as a mat for you
to
sleep on.” she
said.
        “Then I’ll stay in for a month.”
        “Are you sure? It’ll get pretty lonely in there...”
        “I’m sure.” Hiro nodded and walked over to the door in the side of
the
thing.
        “Oh, Hiro! I almost forgot!” Washu walked over and started punching
in
commands on the controler next to the door, “Inside, there’s a gravity
controler. You can
make yourself weigh more to increase your acually strength if you want.”
        “Cool. I’ll see you in a month.”
        “And I’ll see you in two hours.” she smiled as he walked in. The
door
shut behind
him, and Washu sighed. Ryoko would not be happy with her. She was
positive though,
that if there was a way to gain power beyond what the gems gave him, Hiro
could find it.

        “Has anyone seen Hiro?” Ryoko asked as she walked into the kitchen
of
the
Masaki house.
        “Oh Ryoko!” Sasami said as she dumped a plate full of carrots into a
boiling pot,
“I didn’t know you two would be over for dinner!”
        “Well, we weren’t planing on comming, but it smells so good that I
think
I might
stay. I just haven’t seen Hiro all day, and I was wondering if he came
over here...” Ryoko
frowned. It wasn’t like Hiro to just up and vanish. He should have been
home from work
almost three hours ago.
        “I don’t know Ryoko,” Tenchi said from the table where he sat
balancing
the
family’s spendings for the month, “I haven’t seen him.”
        “I have.” Washu said from where she was rolling out dough for
cookies
she and
Sasami were making.
        “Well why didn’t you say so?” Ryoko flew over to her mother, “Where
is
he?”
        “He’s in my lab, in a Hyperbolic Time Chamber.” Washu replied.
        “A what?” Ryoko asked, going pale.
        “A room that lets him train for a month in two hours. His time is
almost
up though,
so if you want to go with me to get him out...”
        “Mom!” Ryoko yelled, “How could you?” she growled at her mother.
        “He asked me to! I wasn’t going to tell him no! Listen Ryoko, I
think he
can do
this...”
        “I don’t care what you think! He’s going to kill himself trying to
get
more
powerful! I don’t care how powerful he is! I just want him to be alive!”
tears streamed
down Ryoko’s face.
        Tenchi frowned. She was being really emotional about all of this.
Maybe
it was just
the stress from the weading starting to get to her...
        “Come on then...” Washu said, taking her daughter’s hand, “Let’s go
get
him out,
and I’ll take it apart tomarow.”
        “Okay...” Ryoko sniffed and let Washu lead her to the lab.
        “That was really weird.” Sasami said after they had gone, “What’s
wrong
with
Ryoko?”
        “I don’t know Sasami...” Tenchi said, “I don’t know....”

        Ryoko and Washu stood before the door to the Hyperbolic Time Chamber
watching the timer. It ticked down the last few seconds and stopped with
a ‘bing!’
        “Nice,” Ryoko commented, “make’s him seem like a microwave
dinner....”
        “Let’s see how he’s doing.” Washu said as she shut down the time
dampening
effect. She punched a button and the door to the chamber slid open. Hiro
stood on the
other side, and Washu and Ryoko both gasped when they saw him.
        His hair had grown slightly, but that was normal when he let it go
for a
month. His
facial hair had grown in too, and he looked scruffy. Most noticeable was
how bulked up
he had become. His muscles bulged from under his ripped and torn
colthing, and he wore
a exprestion of grim satisfaction. A strange quirky smile played across
his features as he
stepped out of the chamber. He hugged Ryoko, and she felt how strong he
was.
        “You’re squeazing a bit hard dear...” she gasped out.
        “Oh, sorry...” he stepped back and rubbed his neck, “I guess I’m
just
used to a
different gravity level...”
        “A different gravity level?” Ryoko threw a withering look at Washu,
“He
really
could have killed himself!” she said, “How much gravity do you have on in
here?” Ryoko
asked as she stepped into the chamber.
        “Ryoko, no!” Hiro shouted and grabbed for her, but it was too late.
She
stepped
into the chamber and immedietly fell to her hands and knees. She growled
and strugled
against the gravity.
        “What the hell?” she growled as she stood slowly. The gems in her
wrists
were
glowing fiercely.
        “I have it set to 50X gravity....” Hiro said. Ryoko fell back to one
knee.
        “Help me....” she growled at him. Her jaw was pushed open by it’s
own
great
weight.
        “You should really check the display before you step in here.” Hiro
scolded her as
he stepped into the chamber like it wasn’t any different inside. He
helped her up and out of
the chamber. She gasped as the air came back to her lungs.
        “50X gravity is quite a lot, Hiro.” Washu said with interest, “How
high
did you set
it?”
        “Well, 50 was my normal level for the past week or so, but I had it
on
75 or 100
when I was acually training.” he replied.
        “That’s nuts!” Ryoko said, “You’re going to kill yourself!”
        “I can do back flips in 100X gravity,” Hiro said with a smile, “I
don’t
think I’m
going to hurt myself.”
        “You should rest for tonight.” Washu said, “Stay here so I can
moniter
any side
effects.”
        “Are you expecting any?” Hiro asked as he yawned.
        “No, but it’s a precationary thing.” Washu waved her hand in
dismisal of
any
thoughts of the chamber being harmful.
        “I want to go again tomarrow, for longer.” Hiro said.
        “I’m going with you then.” Ryoko said.
        “No, Ryoko, you don’t need this like I do.”
        “I wont be out done Hiro,” she said with a devilish grin, “Besides,
I
want to keep
an eye on you...”
        “Alright, but how long shoud we go?”
        “A day would be a year.” Washu said, “If you keep the same amount of
time to
time ratio.”
        “Then let’s bump it up a bit, and say 6 months in 4 hours. That
should
be a good
morning work out....” Hiro grinned.
        “Fine by me!” Ryoko said. They smiled at each other, then at Washu.
        “You guys are nuts.” Washu said as she turned around and walked
away.
        Ryoko and Hiro burst out laughing.

        Tenchi swept the steps of the shrine with the determination of one
who
was totally
commited to what they were doing. Ayeka sat near by and watched her
lover. She smiled
at his figure moving in such a graceful,and repeditive pattern.
        The princess was suddenly awear of another presence behind her, and
turned to
see Ryoko rubbing her neck.
        “Rough night with Hiro?” Ayeka asked with a giggle, poking her in
the
ribs.
        Ryoko winced, “Ow... more like a rough morning...”
        “Don’t you two ever stop?” Ayeka covered her mouth to contain her
laughter.
        “What?” Ryoko looked at her, confused for a moment, then realization
dawned on
her, “Oh! No! Not like that... we’ve been training...”
        “In Washu’s new invention?” Ayeka asked.
        “Yeah. Six months in four hours....”
        “You two were in there for six months?” Ayeka almost fell over,
“Why?”
        “Hiro wanted to train that long. I hate to say it, but he beat the
crap
out of me a
few times. I wasn’t even used to the gravity until the third month. I
swear he has some
determination...”
        “What level of gravity were you training at?” Ayeka was confused.
        “Well, we trained most of the time at 150X gravity, but we lived at
only
50X.”
        “You’re kidding right? That would crush you...” Ayeka laughed a
little.
        “Nope. You have to remember that neither of us are exactly normal
humans
or
Jurians here Princess. We’re both pretty tough, and just getting tougher.
I never knew
anyone could take as much abuse as I dished out to Hiro...”
        “How baddly did you hurt him?” Ayeka looked concerned.
        “Nothing he couldn’t heal, and don’t feel to sorry for him! He
busted a
few of my
ribs and blasted a hole in me once!”
        Ayeka gulped. Only Ryoko and Hiro could almost kill one another and
then
get
married a month latter. Maybe it would be best to change the subject to
that topic....
        “So how are plans for the wedding coming?” she asked quickly.
        “Great!” Ryoko seemed to perk up quite a bit, “We had tons of time
when
we
weren’t training to talk about it in the chamber!”
        Ayeka sighed. That blasted time chamber would be all she heard about
for
a while,
she was sure of it.


        Hiro lay in the floating baths, just soaking. He was sore all over.
Ryoko sure let
him know who was still more powerful...
        The sound of foot steps came to him, and he opened his eyes with out
moving.
Kiyone walked into the baths and looked around. He was compleatly still
and had stopped
breathing, so her eyes passed right over him. She nodded, sure that there
was no one else
there, and dropped her towl to the floor.
        Wading into the water, she walked over and sat not five feet from
Hiro,
still not
noticing him. She hummed a tune while she splashed a little water around,
then sighed and
sank down to her chin.
        Hiro suddenly moved rapidly and dunked her under the water. She
gurgled
and
came back up with a gasp and a look of pure anger on her face. She saw
him floating in
the air in front of her, rolling around like he was on the floor, and
laughing like a hyena.
        Kiyone scowled as she stood up and sluged him in the side. Her fist
hit
him and
stopped. It felt like she had just hit a brick wall.
        “Yow!” she yelled and stummbled back. She held her hand and looked
up at
her
friend, “What the hell was that?” she asked.
        “What? Oh! You’re hand... I’m sorry... here,” Hiro teleported over
to
Kiyone’s
towl and grabbed it, then teleported back to her with it in his hand. He
was wearing his
when her reappeared, “Cover up before Ryoko comes in here...” he glanced
over his
shoulder fearfully.
        Kiyone laughed as she wrapped her towl around herself, and then
inspected her
hand. It seemed to be fine.
        “How’d you make your body so hard?” she asked.
        “I trained for a long time.”
        “Must have been every waking moment since I saw you last Tuesday...”
she
said
with half grin.
        “Washu invented a Hyperbolic Time Chamber.”
        “Wait... so you can train for several weeks in just a few hours?”
        “Six months in four acually. At 150X gravity.”
        “You’re nuts.” Kiyone shook her head. It acually came as no suprise
to
her that
Hiro was able to do something like that, or that he had.
        “So how’s things?” he asked, floating a little ways away and sinking
back into the
water.
        “Not bad... Kiyone looked about again, then quickly tossed her towl
aside before
sinking back down herself, “I just wanted to get away from Mihoshi and
Brice for a little
while...”
        “I can see that.” Hiro grinned.
        “No doubt.” Kiyone sighed, “Hiro, I need a man...”
        “Yes, you do. Sorry, I’m taken.”
        “I know, I know.... I need a man though... badly.” she sank up to
her
hair line, then
sat back up.
        “Have you tried looking in singles bars?”
        “All over town...”
        “Maybe you should start a galaxy wide search...”
        “Maybe...”
        “I know! We could have Washu find you the perfect man!”
        “Huh,” Kiyone laughed, “Washu could just make me the perfect man...”
        “Yeah, but genetic growing is so unpredictable...”
        “Wha-” Kiyone caught herself. Hiro didn’t know....
        “Wha...?” Hiro looked at her quizicly.
        “Oh, nothing.” Kiyone dismissed it with a wave of her hand, “I’m
just
not up to
snuff on my genetic growth of male partners I guess...” she laughed.
        Hiro chuckled as well, “Well, I guess you’ll just have to keep
looking...”
        “What’s up in here?” Ryoko asked as she fazed into exictence above
them,
compleatly nude. She caught sight of the Galaxy Police officer, “Hey
Kiyone,” she asked
with a suductive edge to her voice, “Trying to put the moves on my man?”
        “Uh.... no?” Kiyone more asked then ansawered, “That is, unless
you’re
in to that
sort of thing, in which case I’d be more then happy to-”
        “Oh just shut up!” Ryoko said and splashed Kiyone. The teal haired
woman
yelped
and laughed as she splashed water back and soon the three of them were in
a splashing
contest to see who could get who with more water.

        The days seemed to float by to Tenchi. Was this what life was going
to
be like for
the rest of time? His days had become just blurs, one flowing into the
next, the same
events repeated over and over. He got up, trained, worked the fields, did
up-keep on the
shrine, argued with Ayeka, made up with Ayeka, ate meals, trained....
        When was something going to happen? Tenchi found himself hoping for
an
intergalactic crisis to arise so he could get off the planet again and do
something.
        The life of a Shinto Priest was just too dull for a nineteen year
old.
        It was these thoughts that Tenchi was contemplating when Hiro jogged
up
the
path to the shrine. He saw Tenchi’s far off gaze and slowed down as he
came up to the
steps.
        “Hey Tenchi....” he said softly.
        “Hey...” Tenchi didn’t stop staring off into space.
        “You, uh... busy?”
        “Not really...” Tenchi shook his head and turned to his friend,
“What
can I do for
you?”
        “I was just wondering if we could talk for a bit. We haven’t in a
while,
and... well,
I’m getting married in a few weeks Tench! I’m all stressed and I need a
guy to talk to!” he
grabbed Tenchi and shook him like a rag doll, “These woman are all
driving me nuts!”
        Tenchi laughed, “So they finnaly got to you too huh?”

        The two of them sat in the branches of Fanaho and talked about their
lives. They
both agreed that things had become quite dull lately.
        “I just can’t see setteling into a normal life...” Hiro said.
        “You and Ryoko could always go off and be space pirates...” Tenchi
laughed.
        “And you could be the Emperor of Juri if you wanted...” Hiro shot
back.
        “I still don’t know what we’re going to do about all of that...”
Tenchi
sighed.
        “Well, I’d like to help, but you know I can’t. It’s none of my
buisness....”
        “I know...”
        They sat in silence for several minutes. Tenchi suddenly frowned,
then
Hiro did
too. They looked at each other and then around the clearing.
        “What is that?” Hiro asked.
        Tenchi had the same feeling in his gut, “It’s Dr Clay...” he said
with
and edge to
his voice.

        Ryoko was sun bathing on top of the house with Mihoshi when the
shadow
dropped across them. She took off her sun glasses and looked up just in
time to see the
energy build up in the ships main cannon.
        “Shit.” she said and grabbed Mihoshi’s arm.

        Washu looked up from where she was playing cards with Nobuyuki and
Brice. She
frowned.
        “Damnit.” she yelled jumping up, “Why can’t she just leave us
alone!”

        Ayeka and Sasami were taking a load out of the laundry when the
rumble
started.
        “Ayeka...?” Sasami looked worried.
        “I don’t know...” Ayeka said, standing up and touching her crown.
She
gasped.


        Kiyone looked up at the huge ship as it’s main weapon gathered
energy.
She had
seen the symbol on the side and knew who it was.
        “Clay!” she screamed, yanking her blaster out. She started to empty
the
energy cell
at the ship in a display of defience.

        Dr Clay laughed evilly as he punched the large red button that said,
‘FIRE.’ The
blast from the cannon hit the house and drove into the earth with an
intencity not seen on
earth ever. He would just destroy the whole planet, and then pick Washu
out of the mess
that remained. Tokimi had assured him that her powers as a Goddess
weren’t fully
developed yet and that she could be knocked out by a big enough blast.
        As the red light faded, Dr. Clay looked out at his handy work.
        The house was gone, and there was a large blast area around where it
had
been,
but other then that, the planet had been unharmed. He zoomed the veiw in
and saw the
reason.
        Princess Ayeka stood at the center of a large blue dome, holding the
force feild
that had just absorbed the blast from his super weapon.
        “How in the hell did she do that?” he yelled.


        Ryoko appeared in the clearing with Tenchi and Hiro, who were
already
starting
for the house, “Hey guys!” she yelled as she dropped Mihoshi to the
ground.
        “What just happened?” Mihoshi asked, looking around franticly for
Kiyone.
        “I’ll tell you,” Washu said as she and her two card partners
appeared,
“Tokimi sent
another laky to try and real me in!”
        “Damnit!” Hiro yelled, “Doesn’t she ever give up?”
        “Guess not...” Tenchi said, “Washu, where’s Ayeka and Sasami?”
        “They were doing laundry...” she said, suddenly turning very pale.
        Tenchi’s eyes got wide and he took off at a dead run for the place
where
the house
had been. Hiro followed him, and Ryoko was right on their heels.


        Kiyone stumbled over a blackened chunk of tree stump as she ran to
where
Ayeka
had just fallen to the ground. Sasami held her sister’s head in her lap
and looked up
defiently at the huge ship above them.
        The Galaxy Police woman skidded to a hault next to Sasami and
scooped up
Ayeka.
        “Come on, Sasami!” she yelled as she ran for the single door that
still
stood in the
area. Washu’s lab was their only hope...
        The cannon started to charge again.
        Kiyone screamed as she tossed Ayeka through the door and shoved
Sasami
through. The cannon fiered.

        Hiro heard Kiyone scream and vanished mid-flight.
        “Hiro!” Ryoko yelled, and flew faster. Tenchi jumped into the air
and
formed the
light hawk wings on command. They took on the form of huge feathered
wings on his
shoulders, and the third formed into a sword in his hand. He flew off
after Ryoko.

        Hiro appered in front of Kiyone just as the beam from the cannon was
about to hit.
He shoved his hands up into the air and screamed out as loud as he could
as he formed a
huge blast of energy. Green fire burst up all around him as his beam
collided with the one
from Dr. Clay’s ship.

        Dr. Clay looked on dumbfounded as this boy’s energy beam acually
stopped
his
and was battleing it for ground. He increased the power, moving energy
from the drive
system. He started to win the battle.


        Hiro was losing. He dug down deep into the core of his being,
looking
for the
power he had tapped into only once while he was in the time chamber. He
had done it
while Ryoko was asleap one night, and it had scared him too much to try
again. He had
reached a new level, and didn’t know if he could control that kind of
power yet.
        The gem in his wrist burned green as his power suddenly jumped. The
beam
was
still gaining ground against his, but not as fast now.
        A short distence away, Tenchi and Ryoko stood and looked on in utter
amazement
as Hiro acually battled the energy blast from Clay’s ship. The green fire
seemed to engulf
him and crumble the ground around him.
        Hiro knew he was fighting a losing battle. He thought about Kiyone,
who
he had
to save, Tenchi, his frined and commapanion, who he had to stay alive
for, and Ryoko, his
lover and wife to be, who he had to marry...
        “I will not be defeated!” he screamed as he found the power inside
of
himself. His
power. Not the power Washu had given him, or the power of the gem in his
wrist. This
was the power that was the core of all the hearts of all the people of
earth. The power of
life and the power of love. He screamed as the power came in full.


        Dr. Clay looked on as the green energy engulfed his beam cannon and
blew
it to
small glowing chuncks. He growled and pounded the com button on the
control panal
before him,
        “Washu!” he yelled out to the large forest surrounding the area, “I
know
you can
hear me! If I can’t find you, then you’ll come to me! I’m going to Juri
now, and if you
want these people to not lose the Emporer or his wives, then you had best
come and get
me!” with that, he flew up into space and blasted away.
        Ayeka burst out of the door to Washu’s lab, “What did he just say?”
she
demanded
in a franctic tone.
        “That he’s going to assasinate the Emporer if we don’t stop him...”
Kiyone replied
from where she sat on the ground behind Hiro. Hiro for his part was
slumped forward and
breathing hard. Green energy still surged up and down his body, and he
had his eyes
squeazed shut so tightly that tears were starting to form.
        “Hiro!” Ryoko yelled as she felw up to him. She wrapped him in a
huge
hug and
he fell into her, “Don’t you ever do anything like that again!” she
scolded him.
        “Hey!” Kiyone said.
        “Oh,” Ryoko looked down at her, “Sorry... I didn’t mean it like
that...”

        “Don’t worry about it...” Kiyone looked to her left just in time to
see
Mihoshi. She
screamed as the blond slammed into her and hugged her, bawling her eyes
out.
        “Oh Kiyone! I was so worried that I’d never see you again and that
you’d
be
blown up and that Hiro wouldn’t be able to stop the blast and then I’d be
all alone and I’d
never see you again and-”
        “Mihoshi!” Kiyone bellowed, “Get a grip!”
        As Mihoshi calmed down, Tenchi ran up with the rest of the group,
“Did
Dr. Clay
say what I thought he said?” he asked.
        “Yes he did.” Washu replied, “And we’ll have to get a move on if we
want
to stop
him.”
        “Then we need ships...” Ryoko looked around, “Where’s Ryo-Ohki?!?”
she
cried
suddenly and dropped Hiro, who fell to his knees. She began to run around
franticly
calling for her cabbit. Hiro stood slowly and walked over to Washu.
        “Hey...” he said, “I wouldn’t have been able to stop Clay if you
hadn’t
let me train
in the Time Chamber... thank you...”
        “I’m proud of you for being able to become so powerful. You found
power
of
your own... you may not even need the gems any more...” Washu pinched his
cheek, “But
why don’t you hold on to it for now any way...”
        Hiro smiled down at her. Ryoko suddenly spun him around and yelled
in
his face,
“Hiro! I can’t find Ryo-Ohki anywhere!” she burst into tears.
        “Ryoko!” Sasami said as she limped out of Washu’s lab, “Ryo-Ohki is
with
me!”
the cabbit jumped down from atop Sasami’s head and hopped over to the
space pirate.
She jumped up into Ryoko’s open arms and nuzzled her mistress with a
meow.
        “Ryo-Ohki! Don’t hide from me like that!” Ryoko squeazed her
compainion
and
Hiro smiled.
        “Are you okay Sasami?” Tenchi asked, kneeling next to her, “I
noticed
that you’re
favoring your right ankle.”
        “I just twisted it when Kiyone threw me in through the door. It’s
better
then being
blasted to little bits...”
        “Yeah, I guess so!” Tenchi laughed.
        “Enough sitting around and regrouping! We have an Empire to save!”
Washu
yelled. Suddenly floating above them were the Yagami and the LowRider,
and much to
everyone’s suprise, Ryo-Oh, Ayeka’s tree ship.
        “How’d you do that?” Hiro asked in wonder.
        “There’s a lot you don’t know about me yet Hiro...” Washu said
softly,
“Now let’s
get going. Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Brice, you three take Yagami, Ryoko and I
will go on
Ryo-Ohki, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Sasami will go on Ryo-Oh, and Hiro and
Nobuyuki will go
on The LowRider.”
        “But I want Hiro with me!” Ryoko protested.
        “And when did I become part of the fighting bunch?” Nobuyuki asked,
backing
away.
        “Hiro is the best at operating LowRider, so that’s why he’s not
going
with you
Ryoko,” Washu replied, “and you, dear,” she pointed a finger at Nobuyuki,
“are going to
be safe, and the safest place in the Universe is on LowRider with Hiro.
You’re smart
enough to figure out how to opperate it, so start learning!”
        “Yes Dear...” Nobuyuki said, looking at the ground. A smile played
across his lips
how ever. He was going to be able to help for once.
        “Let’s get going then.” Hiro said, and grabbed Nobuyuki’s arm. The
fadded out of
exictence, and Hiro’s voice came as the went, “We’ll see all of you out
by Saturn...”
        Ayeka nodded, and she and Tenchi and Sasami all glowed bright blue
for a
moment, then vanished, up to Ryo-Oh. Kiyone touched her earing and she,
Mihoshi, and
Brice were all beamed abourd Yagami. The three ships all flew up into
space, and faded
from view.
        Ryoko turned to her mother, “Now why did you REALLY want to go alone
with
me?” she asked in a somewhat cross tone.
        “We have much to talk about....” Washu said as she took on her adult
form. Ryoko
raised an eyebrow at her.
        “You decide to grow up for this little adventure?” she asked.
        “I don’t think I should hide behind a mask any more Ryoko... and
you’ll
find out
why while we track down old Octopus Head....” Washu nodded to Ryo-Ohki,
who
jumped up into the air with a miyow! and transformed into her huge black
space ship
form. Ryoko and Washu both teleported to her bridge and stood facing one
another.
        “Ryoko,” Washu said taking a deep breath, “you’ve always been a
special
girl...”
        “Yeah?” Ryoko said, “I kinda’ like who I am...”
        “Yes, but now you’re going to find out just how special you really
are....” Washu
said in a deadly serious tone.
        Ryoko listened.