Power of the Gods
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter 3: No Need For A Different Universe!
Note: I don't own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any of 
them up (well, except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. 
I'd say that's one of the biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a 
great story that other's want to write about it. So please, this is a fan 
appreciative story, don't sue me for using your stuff OK? (Believe me, you 
wouldn't get too much any way....)
Author's notes: This fic is set in the Tenchi Universe setting, NOT the Tenchi 
Muyo setting. Hiro and Nobuyuki ended up here after blasting... oh never mind... 
just read Chapter 2 and you'll get it.... any way, don't get confused as to why 
everyone is all of a sudden different....




	On the planet Vrok, one has to watch what one says and does. If you make 
the wrong person angry, you may very well be killed on the spot. In a place 
where there are more pirates then police, and the police that there are there 
are all courupted, there is little room for the laws that govern most civilized 
areas. 
	Not that any one would ever think of calling Vrok civilized. Even the 
pirates think of it as a hole. But that's the way they like it, so that's the 
way it stays. 
	On a planet like Vrok, few people that hunt the pirates are brave enough 
to even enter the atmosphere, let alone walk the streets of one of the planet's 
four major cities. The police hide behind the re-enforced walls of the prison 
that holds only the pirates stupid enough to get caught, and the bounty hunters 
never go near the place. 
	Well, not all of the bounty hunters. There is one that is brave enough, 
and sure enough of herself to walk the streets in broad daylight, and not have 
to worry about any one bothering her.
	So it was that Nagi found herself walking to the Cat's Claw Inn, a bar and 
inn that housed some of the toughest, meanest, most ruthless criminals in the 
galaxy. Not that she cared... she was Nagi, the legendary bounty hunter. 
Everyone knew that when she was after a bounty, it was between the pirate and 
her, and no one ever interfered. 
	Pushing open the doors and letting Ken-Ohki scamper in to find some 
carrots or some other food, she walked over to the bar, her hood drawn up around 
her head. The bar tender (a tall fat man, with a scar running down his face and 
neck, and a greasy shirt and apron on that looked as if they hadn't been cleaned 
in years) saw her coming and prepared himself for the worst. 
	"What do you want, Nagi?" he asked in a quiet voice as she sat down.
	"I'm looking for Marcus. His bounty was boosted to 200,000 Juri, and I 
plan on taking it. I heard he had fled here to Vrok until things cooled off, and 
I came after him." she looked up at the bar tender, "You haven't seen him 
anywhere have you Jim?" 
	Jim's hands shook, "Look Nagi, if I tell you where he is, he'll kill 
me..." 
	"Well then we'll just hope I get to him first." Nagi hissed, "Tell me, or 
I start ripping this place apart."
	"He's in the back corner." Jim said in a fearful tone. He quickly ducked 
into the kitchen. 
	Nagi turned and looked at the back corner. Marcus sat with his back to the 
corner, and dealt another hand of cards to two other men sitting with him. The 
bounty hunter smiled and stood up. Walking across the room to where the pirate 
was sitting, she stopped right in front of him.
	"What?" he asked, looking up at her.
	"Are you the one they call Marcus?" she asked.
	"Yeah, who wants to know?" 
	"Nagi, bounty hunter." she said, and drew her sword. Bringing it down on 
the table, she laughed as the other two men shoved away from her and fell to the 
floor. Marcus stood up quickly and pulled his own sword out from behind him. 
	"I haven't had a good work out since I killed those three Juri knights!" 
he said, "And from what I hear, you're suposed to be pretty good, Nagi!"
	"I'm the best, and don't let yourself forget that." she said coldly and 
evenly. Their blades crossed and they seperated. Several more clashes latter, 
and they seperated again. The room was starting to get more and more trashed. 
	"Well, you're good..." Marcus said as he circled her slowly, "But not half 
as good as me!" he lunged in and moved blindingly fast. A glancing blow spun 
Nagi across the room and she rolled as she hit the floor. Getting back to her 
feet, Nagi stood just in time to be blasted back by a running shoulder block 
from Marcus. The pirate laughed as he followed with a quick downward slash, 
meant to end Nagi's life. 
	His blade descended into a glowing green bar, and sliced it's self in half 
as it hit the energy sword. The tip stuck in the floor next to Nagi's head. 
Slowly, both she and Marcus looked over to see a young man holding the energy 
sword in one hand. He had a dark brown cloak on, hiding his body, but his hood 
was pulled back, revealing his face in full. He had sharp features, and a look 
of wisdom that spoke of hardships beyond his years. His hair was black and stood 
on end in such a way that it looked as if it was floating. 
	"Who the hell are you, boy?" Marcus growled.
	"No one important." the young man said, "Just helping the lady out." he 
nodded to Nagi.
	"As much as I'd like to thank you for saving my life, "Nagi said, "I'll 
have to ask you to step back and stay out of this."
	"Hey, I was just trying to keep the good guys alive..." the young man 
said, pulling back and making the sword vanish in a flash. He turned his back to 
them and started to walk away, "Sorry for trying to help out!" 
	Marcus growled and pulled a blaster from his side. He pointed it and fired 
at the young mans back. Moving faster then anything Nagi had ever seen, he spun 
around, and put one hand forward, catching the blast. There was an explostion, 
and when the light faded and the dust cleared, the young man still stood there, 
his hand extended, no outward wounds visable. 
	"How in the hell..." Marcus fired three more shots, but the young man 
stood his ground. All three shots angled down and blasted holes in the ground 
just before they reached him. A sort of green energy aura was glowing for his 
body, deflecting the energy.
	"Don't make me angry." he said icily. Marcus gasped for breath as Nagi 
suddenly kicked him in the gut. He recovered quickly though, and punched her in 
the temple. Knocking her back to the floor. She looked dazed. 
	"Why don't you give up Nagi?" he asked, pointing his blaster at her, "I 
hear that you let Ryoko go... why not me?"
	Nagi suddenly regained clarity and shouted at him, "Don't you talk about 
Ryoko! She is far more noble and far braver then you or I will ever be!" 
	"Ryoko..." the young man whispered. 
	"For someone who hunted her for so long, you sure do seem to want to 
defend her now that it's been proven you can't beat her! Die you worthless 
bounty hunter scum!" Marcus blasted off four shots, but they never reached their 
target. They were absorbed in the aura of green energy suddenly flaring up 
around the young man who now stood in front of him. 
	"Wha... how did you move that fast?!?" Marcus stumbled back. 
	"I'm sorry, but I can't have you killing her now... not until I find out 
about Ryoko." The young man held up one hand. 
	"What are you doing?" Nagi demanded of him. 
	The young man started to scream and green fire burst up around him. His 
cloak blew around him, and his hair became streaked with green stripes. Black 
markings became viable on his face, and his eyes changed from brown to green. 
Marcus's eyes grew wide and he shouted, "No!" just before the beam of energy 
lanced forward and blasted him back into a wall, boring a hole through him and 
then blowing the whole wall, along with him, to atoms in a matter of seconds. 
	Closing his hand and turning back to Nagi, the young man let the fire die 
down, and his appearence changed back to normal. Nagi looked around him at the 
missing wall of the bar, then back up at him, "Who... WHAT are you?" 
	"My name is Hiro, and I'm from Earth." he said.
	"Where did you get that kind of power... only one other person in the 
galaxy has that kind of power, and no where near that level..."
	"Ryoko?" Hiro asked.
	"Yeah... you know her?" 
	"Sort of... can we talk on the way to my ship?" Hiro held out a hand to 
her.



	The streets were cold, and an icy wind blasted across the two cloaked 
figures as they made their way to the space port. Nagi looked over at Hiro and 
saw that his face held no emotion. This kid was definetly hard core.
	"So start talking." Nagi said flatly after a few minutes, "Who are you, 
and why did you kill my bounty? He was 200,000 Juri dead, but you didn't leave 
too much for me to take in."
	"Like I said before," Hiro smiled down at her. He was several inches 
taller then she was, and she felt like a kid looking up at an older brother, "My 
name is Hiro, and I'm from Earth. I killed whoever that guy was back there 
because I need you to help me find Ryoko. You see, I'm not from around here..."
	"Well no shit, buddy. You're from Earth..."
	"No," Hiro chuckled, "I'm from Earth in a different Universe altogether." 
	Nagi stopped and grabbed his arm, "What? You're from a different 
Universe?"
	"That's what I said. Now I need to find Ryoko, because she should be able 
to help me find Washu. I need Washu to help me get back." 
	"Oh...." Nagi started walking again. No wonder he was so powerful. He made 
the Juri power look like chump change. A thought came to her, "Wait a second... 
how do you know about Ryoko and Washu if you're from a different universe?"
	"Because I'm from a parallel continuality."
	"Now you're starting to sound like Washu." Nagi shook her head. 
	"It's just like this Universe... at least physically. That much we know 
for sure. I'm not sure how everyone will be different though. Are Washu and 
Ryoko still related?" 
	"What?" Nagi laughed, "No! Why? Are they in your continuality?"
	"Washu is Ryoko's mother in my world..." Hiro shook his head and smiled. 
He looked at her suddenly, "Is Tenchi still in this universe?" 
	"You mean the boy that Ryoko is so in love with?" Nagi raised an eye brow, 
"Yeah, he just found out he was the crown prince of Juri." 
	"Hey, same thing in my continuality." Hiro stopped in front of a green 
ship, "Here we are, the Lowrider." 
	"Kind of a silly name isn't it?" 
	"Well what do you call your ship?"
	"Ken-Ohki." Nagi smiled as the cabit jumped out of no where and landed on 
her shoulder. 
	"Hey! You have a cabit! Does Ryoko still have Ryo-Ohki?" Hiro petted Ken-
Ohki on the head, smiling at him. At the mention of Ryo-Ohki's name, Ken-Ohki 
mewed excitedly and looked at Nagi.
	"Yes, we're going to go find them..." Nagi groaned, "Ken-Ohki has 
something of a crush on Ryo-Ohki..." 
	"Oh... I see..." Hiro smiled and they were all surounded by a green light. 
Suddenly they were standing in the Lowriders hall way, just out side the control 
room, "Hey, Nobuyuki! We have guests!" 
	The older Masaki man walked out of the bridge and smiled at Nagi, "How do 
you do?" he asked.
	"That's Tenchi's father!" Nagi stared slack jawed. 
	"Yeah, he's my gun man." Hiro grinned. 
	"But he's so inept!" 
	"Maybe in this continuality..." Hiro reminded her.
	"Oh.... right...." Nagi knocked on her head. 
	"So.... who is this?" Nobuyuki asked. 
	"This is Nagi." Hiro said. 
	"Nagi:" Lowrider repeated, "Downloading profile from GP files now. Done."
	"Let's hear it." Hiro said.
	"Female Ulithian. 34 years of age. 5' 9'' tall, 136 pounds. Bounty Hunter. 
Kills: 246. Captures: 7."
	"Thank you, Lowrider." Hiro said, then turned to Nagi, "A little on the 
brutal side aren't you?"
	"You have quite the AI..." Nagi noted.
	"Washu did make it..." Nobuyuki said with a shrug.
	"How are repairs coming?" Hiro asked. 
	"Quite well." Lowrider responded, "We can leave in two hours."
	"After we get the money to pay for all of this..." Hiro said with a sigh. 
	"No luck finding a job or anything?" Nobuyuki asked. 
	"No, but I did find Nagi. She's gonna' help us find Ryoko and Washu."
	"Oh... you after Ryoko?" Nobuyuki asked.
	"Not any more..." Nagi said. An idea came to her. There was some big 
bounty on this planet, and with this kid... "Hiro, how do you feel about bounty 
hunting?" 
	"That depends on the criminal. I don't want to take out any one who didn't 
do anything wrong." Hiro raised an eye brow, "Why do you ask?"
	"There's a man called Boris the Pirate King on this planet. He's a major 
mob figure. His bounty is...." she thought for a second, but Lowrider beat her 
to the punch.
	"400,000,000 Juri." 
	"What?" Hiro stumbled back, "What'd he do?"
	"Class A Criminal." Lowrider responded, "World Destroyer. Destroyed two 
planets in the Clevitar system, including the Clevitar home world. Destroyed New 
Clevitar two years latter effectively whipping out the whole of the Clevitar 
civilization."
	"And that's just the major offences." Nagi said.
	"Holy... how'd he do that?" Hiro was interested now. This guy had killed 
an entire race of people?
	"He has some power that he picked up on a planet out in deep space. At 
least that's what the rumors say." Nagi shook her head, "I didn't think even I'd 
ever be able to get my hands on him, but if you help me..." 
	"I don't know if I can..." Hiro frowned, "I don't think I could blow up a 
planet. That's way beyond me..."
	"I don't know..." Nobuyuki cut in.
	"What?" Hiro looked at him.
	"You stopped Dr. Clay's beam cannon, and that was meant to blow up the 
Earth..." 	
	"Yeah, but then I was trying to keep Kiyone and Ayeka alive...." Hiro 
frowned a little more.
	"You still have that annoying police officer and the bratty princess in 
your universe?" Nagi smiled.
	"Yeah, they're not that bad..." Hiro smiled at the thought that he might 
get to see Kiyone again. 
	"Well, I think that the two of us can take down Boris if we try. We could 
split the money, you're docking fees and repair bills would be taken care 
of...."
	"And you'd be one rich little bounty hunter..." Hiro laughed.
	"I don't do this for the money." Nagi hissed at him.
	"Okay then...." Hiro smiled and his eyes flashed green, "Where is this 
guy, and when do we leave?" 
	"Well, we don't want to advertise that we're going after him, so how about 
tonight? Just a random visit." Nagi grinned.
	"Good. I'll be ready." Hiro nodded to them, "I'm going to meditate for a 
while to try and focus. Don't want to be blurry around a potential threat."
	"I'll make sure the repairs get done." Nobuyuki said, and went back to the 
bridge. 
	Hiro turned around as he was walking down the hall, "Make your self at 
home Nagi. The kitchen is that door there if you're hungry." 
	"You sure are trusting for someone who just met me." she smiled.
	"Oh, Lowrider would take care of you if you tried anything." Hiro smiled 
back and walked through the door into his quarters. 
	Nagi gulped and walked into the kitchen. 



	"You two come back now!" Nobuyuki said as they stood in front of the 
Lowrider, "I don't want to have to get back on my own!" 
	"Just wait for us on Lowrider." Hiro said with a reasuring smile, "We'll 
be back by day break." 
	"We'd better get a move on." Nagi said.
	"Alright. Where to?" Hiro took hold of her cloak.
	"First to a little pawn shop I know where we can get some information." 
	"You have a street name?" 
	"Hell's Way."
	"I was at the corner of Hell's Way and 34th this afternoon. Hold on." they 
were there as fast as it took Hiro to teleport them. 
	"You can do that trick too?" Nagi asked, feeling slightly disoriented. 
	"Yeah. Where is this place." Hiro was suddenly all buiness.
	"Down this way a little." Nagi led him to the a store called 'The Pawn 
Shop' and they walked in.
	"Hello Hank!" Nagi said, walking over to the counter and jumping up so she 
could sit on it.
	"Nagi!" Hank said, looking at Hiro with scrutiny, "What brings you here?" 
his voice wavered a bit.
	Hank was a tall thin Jurian, clean shaven, with a nice looking shirt and 
tie on. His slacks were black, and he had a chain the held his glasses around 
his neck. He glanced back and forth between Nagi and Hiro nervously. 
	"We need some information." Nagi smiled at him, "You done anything for 
Boris lately?"
	"The Pirate King?" Hank stuttered out, "No... nothing at all... I don't 
deal with him anymore... not since he killed Gathko." 
	"Gathko was Hank's partner in this little shop of wonders until he sold 
Boris a faulty Proto-atomic Bomb. It didn't go off, Boris didn't get his target, 
and Gathko was chopped up and made into lizard stew." Nagi explained. 
	"So he was reptilian then?" Hiro asked casually. He saw the scare tactics 
Nagi was trying to use.
	"Listen, I don't know anything about Boris..." Hank said with a pleading 
look.
	"Do you know about any new toys he has, or by chance, where he is 
tonight?"
	"He's at his fortress, where he is every night. He does all his deals 
there now." Hank licked his lips, "That, and I hear he has a new assassin in his 
gang. Molidar."
	"Molidar? When did he hook up with Boris?" Nagi frowned. 
	"Is Molidar bad?" Hiro asked.
	"He's good at what he does." Nagi said simply, "If he's there, we can bet 
we'll have trouble."
	"You two are going after Boris?" Hank asked.
	"You tell a soul and I'll kill you." Hiro said flatly. 
	"Oh, I wont tell anyone." Hank stuttered out.
	"Right..." Nagi smiled, "Sorry, can't take that risk." she slugged him in 
the face and he fell to the floor. 
	"We'd better move quick. We don't want him waking up and calling Boris." 
Nagi jumped down from the counter top at the back of the store, and she and Hiro 
walked out.
	"Where's his fortress?" Hiro asked.
	"About two hundred kilometers away." Nagi said with a frown, "I was hoping 
he'd be in town for a meeting or something. I should have brought Ken-Ohki..."
	"I can get us there." Hiro wrapped his arms around her and flew up into 
the night sky. When they were at a high enough not to be spotted altitude, he 
asked, "Which way?"
	"North West." Nagi replied. Hiro started to glow green, then energy burst 
around them and they flew off into the darkness.



	The two guards in the east tower of the Pirate King's fortress looked out 
over the wind blasted desert before them. No one ever came near the place 
without the alert going to all guards on duty. 
	Both guards never knew what killed them, or even that they'd been killed. 
Hiro set Nagi on the ground silently, and his green energy saber vanished. 
	"Alright." Nagi looked down the hatch in the floor that led to the court 
yard of the complex, "Boris will be in the house some where. We have no way of 
telling where. It's going to be a fight the whole way."
	"I'll take care of the guards. You find Boris, and alert me when you do." 
Hiro handed a small com unit to Nagi and phased out of existence. A few seconds 
latter, a resounding boom told Nagi that he was going to be quite a distraction. 
She jumped down the floor hatch and dashed across the court yard.


	Hiro flew left as quickly as he could, dodging all the blaster fire. 
	"Damn there's a lot of these guys!" he said to himself as he back peeled 
and ducked. Green flame burst around him and he threw several energy blasts in 
the direction of the blaster fire. Still more guards and robotic sentinals came 
after him. His sword came out and he started slashing at the robots. When they 
were all firing at him and blasting each other apart, he flew up and started 
throwing more energy blasts at the guards. 	
	Spinning away from that combat, he put both of his hands out and blasted a 
huge beam of energy into the front gates taking most of the stucture down. A 
laser hit his leg, and he lost control of his flight for a moment, but regained 
it quickly. He powered up a bit more and started throwing more energy balls. 


	Nagi peeked through the door in the heart of the house. There he was. 
Boris The Pirate King. 
	He sat in a control room with three other men, watching Hiro blast apart 
the army of robots and guards. Nagi noted with a smiled that a worried frown 
adorned Boris's face. 
	"He's good..." a man dressed all in black said. Nagi stopped smiling as 
she looked at him more closely. Molidar. She backed away from the door and hit a 
button on he com unit. 



	Hiro got the message on his com unit and blasted straight at the house 
that sat in the middle of the courtyard smashed through the roof and landed in a 
hall way. Looking down at his com unit, he started tracking Nagi's signal. Down. 
He dashed off to the stair case he saw at the end of the hall. 


	Nagi tucked the com unit away and stood up. She pulled her sword out and 
kicked the door open. All four men looked up at her with shocked looks on their 
faces. Two of them were dead before then could even see who it was that had just 
burst in on them, but Molidar and Boris both jumped away from her sword. 
	"Nagi!" Molidar said with a fair amount of respect in his voice, "What 
brings you here?" 
	"A Pirate King with a bounty too good to pass up." she smiled and pointed 
her sword at Boris.
	"Oh? Well, I'm sorry, but I can't let you take him. He's my employer now 
you see...." Molidar shrugged and drew a sharp sword from it's sheath on his 
back. Nagi kicked the power on to hers so that it started to glow with energy. 
She knew Molidar had a few powers of his own, not the least of which was the 
ability to turn his blade into an energy sword. 
	"I thought better of you then to go in with such a low life." Nagi smiled 
and shook her head, "I'm not going to enjoy killing you." 
	"Well I don't plan on dying, so that's okay." Molidar lunged at her and 
she parried the blow. Jumping back and to the side, she dodged the knife that he 
stabbed at her with in his other hand.
	"You know my style..." Molidar grinned.
	"I've worked with you before." she reminded him.
	"True." he lunged again and they began to fight with quick slashed and 
jabs. Boris stood back and watched them battle out into the hall way, then to 
the left. He would let his assassin take care of that problom, but he wanted to 
know more about this boy. Where had he gone?
	"Excuse me." Boris turned to see the strange green haired young man 
standing in the room with him, "Are you Boris?" 
	"I am." the Pirate King said in a low gravel like voice, "And who might 
you be?"
	Hiro sized him up. Boris was tall and well built. A scar ran down his 
face, but it accented his features more then it ruined them. Hiro wondered 
briefly if it had been made intentionally. Boris wore a black and red jump suit, 
loose fitting enough to fight in, but not so lose that it would be easy to grab 
onto. No weapons were visable on his person.
	"My name is Hiro. That's all I really need to tell you. I'm just going to 
kill you any way."
	"Is that so? Well, you have quite a bit of power, but I don't think you'll 
be a match for me." Boris held out one hand and a red wave of energy blasted 
out, slamming into Hiro and destroying the wall behind him. As the dust settled, 
Boris stumbled back in shock. 
	Hiro hadn't moved. He glowed green, then the green fire flared up. His 
green eyes flashed. 
	"Well then, if you want to kick it up a notch!" Boris vanished. Hiro 
sensed out where the power had gone to, and teleported outside, to the air above 
the house, "Let's do this then!" Boris yelled at him and he threw a blast of red 
energy at Hiro. 
	The Earthling knew that the blast would hurt this time, and he countered 
with one of his own. He pulled on the energy deep inside of him and matched the 
power. Boris poured more into it. Hiro matched it again, and again, Boris pushed 
more power into the blast. How much more could he put out? Hiro growled and 
pulled more power up. He would not lose this one.



	Nagi jumped back again as the dagger darted at her again. She frowned as 
she moved back away from Molidar. She had taken a hit across her ribs, and the 
bleeding was starting to get to her. She didn't think that he knew yet, so he 
wasn't going for a killing blow. As long as she didn't let him know that she was 
hurt, she could keep him on his toes. 
	"Nagi, you're really no match for me..." the bounty hunter knew that the 
assassin wasn't bragging. It was a fact, and they both knew it. She couldn't 
beat him in a straight fight. But then, Nagi had never belived in a fair fight.
	"Well Molidar, I'd love to stay and chat with you about how much better 
you are then me..." she lunged forward with her sword and he dodged the attack. 
He stabbed at her side with the dagger, but she was expecting it. Catching hold 
of his wrist and spinning to the side, Nagi dropped her sword and pulled her 
whip from her hip. It snapped out and wrapped around his neck in a split second. 
Dropping to the floor and rolling away with the whip still in hand, Nagi jerked 
on it as hard as she could. 
	Molidar did a flip as the whip was pulled tight and landed on his back. 
Nagi jumped up and threaded her end of the cord through the bare pipes over 
head. She pulled down with all her might, and Molidar was pulled up into the 
air. She waited until his feet stopped kicking and his breath stopped wheezing 
before she dropped him to the floor. She checked his pulse and found his heart 
still beating. Gathering her weapons, Nagi left him on the floor, barely alive. 



	Hiro was still stuck in the energy battle with Boris. The whole roof had 
been blasted away after a few minutes, and now the energy run off was starting 
to rip apart the rest of the house, and the walls that surounded the complex. 
Hiro didn't know how much longer he could keep this up.
	Nagi rushed out of the house and looked up at the two in the sky. She 
marveled at the power for just a moment, then ran for the decimated gates. 
Jumping over the ruins of the wall, she dashed out into the desert. She was sure 
that she wouldn't want to be around when one of them won that little contest.
	Hiro knew he was losing. He could feel his blast losing ground to Boris's. 
The Pirate King laughed and blasted even harder. 
	Hiro bit his lip. He hadn't wanted to power all the way up. He was afraid 
he would damage the planets atmosphere with that kind of energy, but there was 
nothing out in the middle of the desert any way. He found his center of calm, 
and let the power out. 
	Boris's eyes grew large as the energy the boy was putting out suddenly 
doubled in intensity. His beam was over come in a matter of seconds and he was 
hit with the full force of Hiro's power. He could feel his body begin to break 
down at the atomic level.



	Nagi watched as the green light suddenly grew much brighter, then stopped. 
She was wondering what had happened when Boris's body slammed into the ground 
only three meters from her. She was blown back by the impact, but unhurt when 
she stood back up. Walking over to the hole in the ground, she peered down in...
	And Boris lunged out. He grabbed her and tackled her to the ground, 
screaming. His face and body were both covered in blood and burns, and his jaw 
moved in a sick and twisted way, showing her that it was barely connected to 
him. She kicked him up over her head and rolled away, coming up with her small 
blaster that she kept for emergencies. 
	Boris had rolled up to a crouch when the five blaster shots hit him in the 
face and the chest. He flew back and landed with a thud. Three smoking holes in 
his face and two in his chest told Nagi that he was dead this time. 
	Hiro landed next to her and she looked up at him with a faint smile. 
	"Looks like you got him." he said, and returned the smile. 
	"Yeah...." Nagi fell over, her hand clutching the wound across her ribs, 
where blood seeped out. 
	"Nagi!" Hiro yelled and knelt beside her. As he inspected the wound, 
several Galaxy Police ships flew over head. A spot light came on them and a 
voice called out,
	"This is the Galaxy Police! Put your hands up and surrender now!" Hiro 
stood and complied. 
	After two of the ships had landed and a small army of combat ready 
officers ran out to see what was going on, Hiro got to tell his story. The 
Captain who was writing down his statement shook his head in wonderment as a few 
doctors treated Nagi's wound. 
	"So that's Boris The Pirate King?" the Captain asked, pointing to the 
charred and bloody body. 
	"That's right. We got him dead. How much is the bounty on that?" Hiro 
asked.
	"Well now, I don't know if I want to give you the bounty." the GP man 
cracked a sly grin, "I could just report this as a GP sting, and you'll rot in a 
cell for the rest of your life!" he took out a pair of cuffs.
	"Do you like being alive?" Hiro asked him.
	"What?" the Captain's face took on an angry expression. 
	"I just killed a man who blows up planets for fun." Hiro said in an even 
tone, "So what makes you think I'll just give up and go with the Galaxy Police, 
who only brought four cruisers to arrest me? I could take all of you out in 
three minutes." his eyes flashed green, "So why don't you just give me the 
bounty, and let me take my friend home?" 
	"Kid, you have a lot to learn about how this Galaxy works..." the Captain 
slapped the energy cuffs on Hiro's hands and grabbed the back of his neck, 
"Let's go punk."
	Hiro didn't budge. Lifting the cuffs so that the GP man could see them, he 
sent a surge of power into them that fried the energy stream and made them fall 
to the ground. He then turned and looked at one of the cruisers. He put a hand 
out, "Now, let's try this again. If you don't give me the bounty on Boris The 
Pirate King, right now, then I'll blow that ship up." Hiro started to glow 
green, "Understand?"
	The GP captain stumbled back as he felt the power surge off of Hiro, 
"Uh... yeah... sure..." he pulled a computer pad from his belt and punched a few 
figures into it. He then swiped a card through a slot on one side of it and 
handed it to Hiro, "I knocked off 100,000,000 Juri cause he was dead."
	"Fair enough." Hiro replied, walking over to where Nagi was. He lifted her 
from the bed where she was sleeping, "Now don't bother us any more, or I'll get 
mad." he flashed bright green, and then he was gone.



	Nagi woke up in a sick bay bed. She sat up and looked around. It looked 
like the Lowrider...
	Checking the wound in her side, she found that it was gone. Not even a 
scar remained. "How...." she wondered aloud.
	"I found that the medical tech. in this Universe isn't quite up to what 
ours is." Hiro said as he walked into the med bay. 
	"Did we get the cash?" she asked suddenly, grabbing his shirt front.
	"Hey! Yeah, we did! I paid for the repairs and the docking fees, and we 
left. You've been out for almost two days."
	"Where are we going?" Nagi asked. 
	"We're on course to the Nablikor sector." Hiro said, "I just kind of 
picked one. I didn't think it'd be safe to stay on a pirate world after what we 
did..." 
	"Good thinking. Change course and head for Earth." Nagi got down from the 
bed. She found that she was wearing a t-shirt that said, "I WANNA' ROCK!" across 
the front, with a picture of some rather buff looking woman screaming, "And 
where are my clothes?"
	"Oh... sorry about that. The regeneration bed doesn't work when you have 
clothes on, and I just stuck you in one of my shirts when you were healed up... 
why are we going to Earth?" Hiro walked over to a drawer and pulled Nagi's 
clothing out of it and handed it to her. 
	"To see Tenchi. If I know Ryoko, that's where she'll be. Washu seemed 
quite taken with him as well, so she'll probobly still be there." Nagi went 
about changing her clothes and Hiro turned away. He looked down as Ken-Ohki 
bounded into the room. 
	"Hey, you little fur ball!" Nagi said as the cabit jumped up onto the bed 
next to her. She stood up and pulled her hair back like it always was, "I'm done 
now." she said to Hiro. He glanced at her and smiled weakly. His face was rather 
red. 
	Nagi laughed. A deep belly laugh that sounded to Hiro very strange for a 
woman her size. He rubbed the back of his head and grinned stupidly. 
	"Oh..." Nagi wiped a tear away from her eye, "It's been too long since a 
man looked at me like that..." she chuckled again. 
	"Oh, hey." Hiro pulled a credit card from his pocket, "Here. It's the rest 
of the money after my spending. We only got 300,000,000 because he was dead, but 
I spent so little out of that, that you wont even notice it's gone." 
	"You don't want any of it?" she arched an eye brow. 
	"What use would I have for it?" he shrugged, "I'm from a different 
Universe."
	"Well then!" she patted Ken-Ohki on the head, "Maybe we can take a 
vacation for a few years!" 
	"Myia!" the cabit replied and jumped to her shoulder. 
	"Nobuyuki?" Hiro asked into a com pad on the wall.
	"Yeah?" came the response from the bridge.
	"Set course for the Earth. We're going home.... sort of."
	"Aye aye!" Nobuyuki called out. 



	At that very moment, a few hundred light years away, Nobuyuki paused at 
the door of the Masaki home on his way to work, and sneezed. He looked up as if 
he should say something, but couldn't think of what it was. He smiled at Sasami, 
who was busy fixing breakfast and walked out. He was only slightly upset that he 
would be missing the wonderful breakfast she was making, because this was the 
day he had a meeting with the executive board of his company to decide if they 
were to give him the funding for a major project. He hoped it would turn out 
well.
	No more then five minuets after he walked out the door, Tenchi walked down 
the steps in his school uniform, briefcase in hand, and sat down at the table in 
the kitchen. Sasami smiled when she saw him.
	"Good morning Tenchi!" she said brightly. 
	"Meow!" Ryo-Ohki greeted from atop the little princesses head.
	"Good morning you two!" Tenchi smiled at them and pulled a piece of paper 
out of his briefcase, along with a pencil. He started going through and checking 
the work on the take home test he had just barely finished the night before. 
After the fight that Ryoko and Ayeka had, he had to fix a large hole in the 
wall, then stay up half the night doing math. 
	Despite all that, he was in a good mood, like he was most mornings. A new 
day meant that Ryoko and Ayeka would forget about what they had been fighting 
about the day before (unless the fight had been about him) and be at least civil 
to each other until he got home from school. The mornings were the times that 
Tenchi liked the best at his house. 
	As he checked over the test, Tenchi suddenly got a strange feeling. His 
head snapped up and he felt the hands griping at his chest before he heard or 
saw the space pirate they belonged to.
	"Tenchi...." she whispered.
	"Uh... hi Ryoko..." he said, and tried to shrug her off as she appeared 
out of thin air, floating behind him. 
	"Don't I get a good morning kiss, Tenchi?" she asked, trying to move 
around in front of him, with little luck, considering the amount the object of 
her affection's was trying to get away. 
	"Ryoko, we go over this almost every morning... if Ayeka were to come down 
here and see me giving you a kiss, there wouldn't be a house left! Please, just 
sit down?" Tenchi pried her hands off of him and pulled her around in front of 
him. She floated over the table and looked down into his eyes. She saw the 
pleading look.
	"Okay..." she said sullenly, and floated down into one of the chairs. She 
sat watching him as he continued to check his home work. 
	"Good morning, Washu!" Sasami said as the diminutive scientist half 
staggered into the kitchen. Tenchi and Ryoko looked up and saw the way she was 
dragging her feet. Her normal bright grin was replaced by a frown, and her face 
had an almost green color to it.
	"Are you feeling alright Little Washu?" Tenchi asked, his voice full of 
concern. Ryoko shot her a look of steaming hatred, but it softened a second 
latter. Tenchi was just concerned for her well being because she was a house 
guest, not because he cared about her the way he cared about the space pirate. 
She was sure of it. 
	"Acually, I'm feeling a little worn..." Washu sat at the table, "Could you 
fix me a cup of tea, Sasami? Spike it if you could..." 
	"Um... sure..." Sasami went about fixing the tea and finding a suitable 
drink to spike it with. 
	"You don't usually drink this early in the morning..." Tenchi noted.
	"Is it morning? I lost track of time..." 
	"You always know what time it is though..." Ryoko said. Now even she was 
getting worried. What had the slightly mad woman so weirded out?
	"What's wrong Little Washu?" Tenchi asked, speaking for both himself and 
Ryoko.
	"There's been a disturbance in space time..." she replied, "It seems 
something caused a hole in the fabric of space and came through, then it 
vanished. I couldn't track it..." 
	"So what's so bad about that?" Ryoko asked.
	"What's so bad about that?!?" Washu jumped up in her seat and started 
yelling, "Only that the thing that came through is from a different universe, 
could be hostile, and is advanced enough to the point where my equipment, the 
most advanced equipment in this universe, can not track it! It could be in orbit 
above us right this minute, getting ready to blow up the galaxy, and I wouldn't 
be able to find it!" 
	Tenchi and Ryoko were almost blown away by the force of Washu's yelling. 
Tenchi meekly spoke, "So what should we do about it?" 
	"There's nothing we can do..." Washu slumped back down, "I've been pouring 
over every report form the galaxy police and the Juri military for any reports 
of strange occurences. Only one came up, and that was an unusual power source on 
the planet Vrok, said to have destroyed the Pirate King Boris."
	"What?" Ryoko jumped up, "Oh wow! That guy was tough!" 
	"I know... anything that can take him out has to be powerful..." Washu 
shook her head, "I don't even know if Tenchi would have been able to do it..." 
	"Even with the Juri power he has?" asked Ayeka from behind the three of 
them. They looked up, seeing her for the first time since she came down.  
	"Yes, even with the Juri power." Washu nodded a thanks to Sasami as the 
princess set a cup of tea down before her. She took a big gulp of it.
	"So there's no way we can defend ourselves if this thing comes here?" 
Tenchi asked.
	"No there's not." Washu replied, "I didn't think I'd ever come across any 
thing I couldn't figure out, but this..." she shook her head again.
	"Well, what are the chances of it coming here any way?" Ryoko asked. 
	"Well, we do seem to draw attention for some reason..." Ayeka said sitting 
at the table with them. 
	"Still, if it comes, we'll deal with it, and if it doesn't, we'll let it 
be." Ryoko nodded.
	"You just don't think about the far reaching consequeces of anything do 
you?" Ayeka asked, giving Ryoko a sharp look. 
	Tenchi jumped in before a fight could evolve, "I think that Ryoko's plan 
is the best for now. We'll see what comes of it. Little Washu, could you keep 
looking for clues while I'm at school today, and then discuss this with us some 
more when I get home?" 
	"Sure... I'll get back to it after breakfast.
	"Thank you." Tenchi smiled at her, then turned to Sasami, "That smells 
wonderful Sasami!"
	"Well it's almost done, so everyone to the dining table!" her statement 
was met by cheers as the whole group got up and shuffled to the dining room.



	"How far off are we?" Hiro asked as he noted Pluto flying by on his course 
display. 
	"We are four hours from Earth Orbit." Lowrider responded. 
	"Great." Hiro turned and looked at Nagi, "Are we going to Japan?" 
	"Yes, just look for the Juri energy signals. They'll be there." 
	"Cool. Nobuyuki?" 
	"Yes Hiro?" 
	"Let's get ready in two hours. It might be a little weird seeing our 
selves..."
	"Right." 
	"I don't remember seeing you with them before." Nagi said to Hiro. 
	Hiro blinked. He hadn't thought of that. He hadn't met any of Tenchi's 
houseguests until after they had all come together. That may not have been the 
case in this Universe. He might not even be there at all. 
	"Well, we'll see when we get there. Lowrider, maintain speed."	
	"Sol is a restricted area... the GP are gonna' get pissed if we start 
blasting through the system at full speed." Nagi noted.
	"We're no where near full speed." Hiro smirked, "Besides, they can't pick 
this ship up on any kind of scanning equipment."



	Mishoshi snored loudly as the Yagami cruised through the Sol system. Just 
past the astroid belt, and she was already zonked out. Kiyone sighed and checked 
the display. No sign of an ships. Not even a taxi taking a short cut. What a 
dead end assignment.
	As the teal haired woman pulled a romance novel out from behind her seat 
to prepare for another boring patrol, she got a funny feeling. She checked the 
display again. Still nothing. But something was nagging at her. She opened a 
window to check the visual. 
	The screen came up just in time to see a ship moving way over the 
restricted speed limit blast past them. Kiyone tossed her book aside and slugged 
Mihoshi in the arm, "Wake up!" she yelled as she steered Yagami quickly on a new 
heading. She began chasing after the unidentified ship.
	"What's going on?" Mihoshi asked sleepily. 
	"That ship up there is way over the speed limit. I don't know why they're 
not showing on our scanning equipment, but I can sure see 'em!" Kiyone increased 
the speed of her ship, "Send them a hail and tell them to stop."
	Mihoshi punched a button and yelled into the com unit, "This is the GP 
cruiser Yagami! You have violated the speed limit in a restricted area! Please 
stop at once!"
	"Hey! Mihoshi!" a voice came back over the unit. Both detectives blinked.
	"Excuse me sir, but I asked you to stop your ship..." Mihoshi replied 
after a few seconds,  sound much meeker now. Kiyone stared at the ship ahead of 
them.
	"Hey, is Kiyone there too?" the voice asked.
	"Well, yes she is.... but...."
	Sounds of laughing were heard over the com link. Kiyone punched the button 
with a scowl, "This is First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi of the Galaxy Police! 
You will stop your ship now, or I will open fire!" they were nearing Mars now, 
and if they were going to stop this guy, they'd have to do it soon.
	"Oh... alright... I guess I can stop." the stranger on the other end of 
the link said. The green ship started to slow down. They came to a stop just 
short of Mars orbit, and Kiyone opened the com link again. 
	"Alright now, you were going way to fast. By GP regulations, I am to 
inspect your ship for any contraband, or illegal materials. Prepare to be 
boarded."
	"Of course." the stranger said, and a docking port opened on the side of 
the ship. Kiyone extended a tube to the port, and once it was sealed, she stood 
and checked her blaster.
	"Mihoshi, I'll need you here. If they start doing anything funny, I'll 
contact you. If they start to pull away, blast them until they can't move any 
more. Don't worry about me." she put a finger up, silencing any protests from 
her partner. Her face grew softer and her voice kinder then, "I'll be fine 
Mihoshi. You back me up though, okay?"
	"Okay Kiyone!" Mihsohi turned back to the display and targeted the green 
ship. She had the same silly grin she always had. Kiyone smiled and walked to 
the hatch. Down the tube to the port that had opened, Kiyone pulled her blaster 
from it's holster and held it at her side. She pushed the button to open the 
door to the ship, and it slid open with a hiss.
	Her eyes grew wide at what she saw on the other side. standing there was a 
young man with black and green hair who she had never seen before, wearing Earth 
clothing and a lopsided grin. What really shocked her was his two compainions. 
	Tenchi's father, dressed in a military jump suit, and Nagi, the most 
ruthless and feared bounty hunter in the universe, both grinning from ear to 
ear. Ken-Ohki sat on Nagi's shoulder, mewing happily. 
	"What...." Kiyone took a step back. This had to be a trick. 
	"It's going to take a while to explain this one Detective," Nagi said in 
her normal even tone, "Why don't you and your partner come on over for some 
tea?"


	"So what am I like in your universe?" Kiyone asked Hiro over the tea and 
cookies. 
	"Well, you're very independent, you love your work, and Mihoshi is your 
best friend, even though you might not realize it some times." Hiro shrugged, 
"Same as here it looks like, except that you seem to have a larger cup size in 
this universe."
	Kiyone sat back in silence for a moment to contemplate the information. 
This guy knew a lot about them. Even that she and Mihoshi really did get along 
quite well in spite of the difficulties they faced. Only some one who knew them 
well on a personal level would have been able to tell that. Deciding that Nagi 
wasn't running a big lie on them, she looked back up. 
	"So you need to be in contact with Washu?" Kiyone asked.
	"That's right. We need to figure out a way to get back to our own 
universe." Hiro nodded.
	"Well, then she's the one to talk to..." Mihoshi said with a laugh. 
	"Good. We are in kind of a rush, so would you mind if we got going?" Hiro 
looked almost pleading. He wanted to get back home and finish the fight they had 
started. 
	"Alright. But no speeding this time!" Kiyone said with a stern glare, then 
she blinked, "Wait a sec! What did you say about my tits?!?" she stood up and 
clenched a fist at her side. Nagi burst out laughing. 


	Washu sat at her computer in her lab, looking for any more clues about the 
mysterious rip in space time. A signal bleeped in then, and she punched the 
button to except it. It was a standard frequency she used to talk to Kiyone on 
when they were in orbit, so she assumed it was the GP officers. 
	"Yes?" Washu asked.
	"This is the Spacecraft Lowrider, requesting docking permission for the 
sub-space lab of the Greatest Scientific Mind in the Universe, Little Washu!" 
came a strange voice. Washu arched an eye brow. Who ever it was, they sure knew 
how to impress a girl, and she was curious any way. There was no way they could 
hurt her in her own lab, so she opened the portal to the hanger she had, and 
scanned the ship. 
	Her mouth dropped open. It was a compleatly alien design to her, and the 
material it was made from was highly rare, and produced only in lab settings. 
She couldn't get an interior scan because of it.
	A thought came to her. Maybe this was what had come through that riff in 
space and time! If that was the case, and they knew about her and her 
reputation... 
	"I must be the greatest scientific genius in several universes!" Washu 
proclaimed madly as her two puppets popped up on her shoulders.
	"Washu you're the greatest!" Puppet One said.
	"Washu you're a genius!" Puppet Two said.   
	"Washu! Washu! Washu!" they cheered. 
	She cackled with manical glee as she rushed off to the hanger.


	Washu stood and watched as, of all people, Nobuyuki and Nagi appeared 
before her in a flash of blue light. A young man also appeared, but he faded 
into existence, much like Ryoko did. That was strange. 
	"How did you get into a space ship with Nagi?" Washu asked Nobuyuki, 
noting that Ken-Ohki was still on the bounty hunters shoulder, "And why are you 
not using Ken-Ohki?" 
	"I can explain all of that." the young man said, stepping forward. Washu 
inspected him. He was around six feet in hight, with a slim build. His hair 
stood almost on end, and it was streaked black and green. His clothing was 20th 
century earth, but he seemed to have an alien vibe about him. Mostly because he 
was floating a good foot off the ground. 
	"Who are you?" Washu asked, "And what universe are you from?"	
	"My name is Hiro, and I come from a universe very much like this one. A 
different continuality is my guess." Hiro landed and walked over to her.
	"You have a nice ship." Washu said, looking past him at it.
	"Yeah, well, you made it so I guess it can't be that bad..."
	"Really?" Washu looked the ship up and down again. It did look like a 
design she would think of, "So I exist in your universe as well?" 
	"Yeah... so does everyone else. Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, Yosho.... and even Nobuyuki." Hiro turned and looked back as Nobuyuki 
stepped forward. 
	"Hello, Little Washu." he said, and winked at her. 
	"Does he do that in your universe too?" Washu asked Hiro.
	"Actually, in our universe, you're dating him...." Hiro rubbed the back of 
his head and laughed a little.
	"Well, no accounting for the taste of my counterparts I guess." Washu 
shrugged, "Now why don't you start explaining?" 



	It took Hiro almost two hours to explain the whole story to Washu, who 
kept asking questions about varius events the young man described. She seemed 
very interested in the part about Ryoko being her daughter, and how she had 
created the space pirate. When Hiro explained how he had dropped them into this 
universe, Washu grinned. 
	"That was quick thinking. Only I could have taught someone to use their 
ship like that. I guess your story is satisfactory, which leaves me with one 
question..." the diminutive genius's eyes sparkled.
	"What's that?" Hiro asked, expecting the worst.
	"What would you like me to do about it?" Washu asked. 
	"Well... um...." Hiro blinked. Didn't that seem obvious? "I guess I was 
kind of hoping that you'd be able to help us get back to our own universe so we 
can stop Tokimi from destroying it." Nobuyuki nodded.
	"Well, I guess I can do that.... if you'll let me run a few tests on 
you..." she grinned with a slightly mad look in her eyes.
	Hiro sighed. The worst she could do was hurt him, and he could always heal 
anything she did. He nodded his head and slumped in his seat. 
	"Great! The let's go see the rest of the gang." Washu jumped up and 
started off. The young man, the older man, and the bounty hunter all shrugged at 
each other and followed. 


	Nobuyuki started at himself with pride. 
	"I look even better then I thought!" he said. The Nobuyuki from their 
current universe nodded in agreement,
	"We do look dashing don't we?"
	"I'll say! Hey, you pick up many chicks? Want to go cruising?"
	"You're spoken for Nobuyuki." Hiro reminded him, tapping his Maskai on the 
shoulder. 
	"This is just too weird." Ryoko said, floating over, "I mean, one Nobuyuki 
spying on us when we're changing is bad enough, but two of 'em?" 
	"And what did you say your name was again?" Sasami asked Hiro cutely. 
	"Hiro." he responded with a smile. 
	"Well, welcome to this home, Lord Hiro. It is a pleasure for us to have 
you here." Ayeka smiled at him and bowed slightly. 
	Hiro bowed back, "Thank you Princess, and Ryoko, it's nice to see you 
again too." his voice softened when he looked to the pirate, making her a little 
nervous under his gaze. 
	"Um.... would you like me to show you around?" she asked him, suddenly 
getting a little annoyed by his look. 
	"No, I already know my way around." Hiro said while he shook his head with 
a laugh, "I live here too."
	"Oh... in a different universe." Ryoko nodded, "Man, this is gonna' get 
confusing..."
	"So do any of you know me at all?" Hiro asked. They all shook their heads. 
He sighed. Oh well....
	"You're working on the Giomotso project too?" one of the Nobuyuki's 
exclaimed. Both of them walked off to the study, chattering about the building. 
	"Oh boy..." Hiro said. Everyone in the room sweat dropped. 
	"So, um... Nagi..." Ryoko asked, floating a little ways away from the 
bounty hunter, "How's buisness?"
	"Better then ever, thanks to Hiro. He helped me take down Boris." Nagi 
grinned as Ryoko's mouth feel open.
	"I did a few jobs for that bastard once..." she shook her head, "Kid, you 
must be something if you can take him down."
	"It wasn't easy..." Hiro said, blushing a little, "He did hurt me..." 
	"My Empire is greatful for your help, Lord Hiro," Ayeka nodded, "I trust 
you were rewarded properly?" 
	"I'll say," Nagi said with a laugh, "He earned us enough cash to live four 
lives in comfort, and he just gave all of it to me!" she laughed even louder, "I 
think I'm going to take a vacation for a while!" 
	"So... you don't want to kill me any more then?" Ryoko asked.
	"I didn't say that." Nagi stopped laughing and turned on her, "But I have 
no reason to now that you've been pardoned by Juri. At least not legally, and I 
have a feeling our good friends in the Galaxy Police wouldn't take kindly to my 
murdering you on their watch." Nagi nodded to the door as the two GP officers 
came in.
	"You're damn right I'm not letting you two duke it out..." Kiyone said 
with a fair degree of finality, "I'll bring you both in for violating pre-
contact planet regulations." 
	"I have to start dinner!" Sasami said, and dashed off for the kitchen. 
Hiro watched her go and shook his head.
	"She does that here too? Just randomly wants to go make dinner?" 
	Ayeka and Ryoko nodded their heads.
	"What a weird little girl..." Hiro smiled and shook his head again, "I'm 
going to the shine to pay my respects to Yosho, and explain what's going on to 
him...." his voice trailed off as he floated up into the air, "I'll see you guys 
in a bit." he vanished.
	"He can teleport?" Ryoko asked. She liked being the only one that could 
pull that trick. Now it seemed that this guy could do it too...
	"I wonder why he wanted to go see Yosho?" Ayeka asked no one impaticular. 
	"I do." they all turned and looked at Nagi, "He told me that Yosho had 
died in his universe." 



	Hiro stood before the shrine doors and clapped twice. He then reached up 
and knocked.
	"Come in." a familure voice called from inside. He opened the doors and, 
careful to remove his shoes as he stepped inside, walked to where the old shinto 
priest sat at a table drinking tea and writing. 
	"I sense that you are not of this world." Yosho said, looking up to him.
	"I'm not even of this universe." Hiro said with a wry smile. He sat at the 
table. 
	"So what brings you here?" 
	Hiro sighed and began to explain the whole story over again. Yosho 
listened intently. 



	Tenchi walked up the path from school and whistled a tune. What a day. He 
had done so much school work at school that his hands hurt from all the writing. 
It would pay off when he didn't have much to do over the weekend. 
	Thinking that it had been awhile since his father and his grandfather had 
gone fishing with him, Tenchi decided to stop by the shrine before he went to 
the house and had to deal with the girls. He walked to the shrine area and 
dropped his brief case next to a small statue off to one side as he walked into 
the middle court yard.
	The doors to the shrine opened, and two figures walked out. One Tenchi 
knew right away was his grandfather, but the other stopped him dead in his 
tracks. 
	Hiro Yehmi. 
	He stood stock still as the two of them walked up to him.
	"Tenchi! Say hello to Hiro! He's a guest here at the shrine!" Yosho 
ordered.
	"H-hey, H-h-h-Hiro...." Tenchi waved a littled and laughed, "What brings 
you all the way out here to my Grandfather's shrine?"
	"Are you feeling alright, Tenchi?" Yosho asked with an arched eye brow. 
	"Yeah... I'm fine." Tenchi's eyes never left Hiro. He laughed again, very 
nervous. 
	"So... um...." Hiro looked Tenchi up and down. He looked like the Tenhci 
from Hiro's universe, but he seemed to act much differently. 
	"I like what you did to your hair... and the green contacts add a nice 
touch too..." Tenchi said in a strained voice. He was almost shaking in fear. 
	"Are you scared of me?" Hiro asked as reality set in.
	"No! Not at all!" Tenchi backed away. Yosho raised his eye brow and 
frowned. 
	"Tenchi... I'm not the Hiro you probobly know..." he shook his head, "And 
I'm sorry if I've done anything to you in this universe to make you afraid of 
me." of all the people he could have been, it had to be some bully Tenchi was 
frightened of. Great.
	"This universe?" Tenchi asked. 
	"It's complicated." Hiro said. He searched for a way to prove it, "Here, 
look. My hair isn't dyed. It just does this. And I'm not wearing contacts." he 
opened his eyes really wide so that Tenchi could see that indeed, he wasn't 
wearing contacts.
	"So, you're from a different universe then? Like Washu's lab?"
	"Sort of. She has a pocket dimension. I come from a whole different 
universe. A parallel continuality, where we both still exist, along with 
everyone here, but with different events guiding our lives." Hiro smiled, "I'm 
really a nice guy in my world."
	"Oh..." this was definetly going to be a bizare weekend for Tenchi, "So 
you came her to...?" 
	"We need Washu to help us get back to our own universe." Hiro said with a 
shrug. 
	"Wait... am I here too?" seeing himself might be a bit more then he could 
take at the moment. 
	"No... but your dad is!" Hiro exclaimed. Tenchi face faulted.




	Tenchi braced himself as he strode up to the door of his house and pushed 
it open, "I'm home!" he called.
	Less then two seconds latter, Ryoko had tackled him to the ground and 
Ayeka was doing her best to pull the space pirate off of him. Tenchi sighed as 
Hiro looked on quizically, then shrugged and walked into the kitchen. 
	As Tenchi stood up and walked past Ryoko and Ayeka (who were now in a 
heated argument) he noticed Nagi standing in the corner. He carefully walked 
over to her and smiled weakly, "Um... hi there Nagi... what brings you to this 
end of the galaxy?" 
	"Hiro." she replied simply. 
	"Are you from his universe then too?"
	"No, but I ran into him in this one. He helped me out, so I'm helping him 
out." she smiled a smile that Tenchi found quite unsettling. 
	"Um... okay..." Tenchi reassured himself that she had helped them defeat 
Kagato, and she was on their side, and he smiled wider, "Well, welcome then! 
Will you be staying with us?" 
	"No, I think I'll be getting my own place in town. I want to stay near by 
though." she looked around with an annoyed look, "Now where did that blasted fur 
ball go? Ken-Ohki!" she shouted, walking off in the direction of the kitchen. 
	Tenchi shook his head. If he was right, Ken-Ohki was with Ryo-Ohki, and 
they were off having fun together. He smiled as he headed for his father's 
study. He still wanted to take that fishing trip, and his Grandfather had agreed 
that it was high time that the three of them did so. He slid open the door to 
the study and looked in. 
	"Hey Dad! I..." Tenchi trailed off as he noticed that there were two 
Nobuyuki's working at the desk. 
	"Yes Tenchi?" one of them asked. 
	"Are you my real dad?" Tenchi asked the one who had spoken. 
	"Yes I am. I'm guessing you've met Hiro then?" 
	"Yeah... hey, did you want to go fishing tomarrow with Grandpa and me? We 
haven't been in awhile, and this place in going to be crazy with all these new 
people..." Tenchi looked hopeful. 
	"I don't know if we should just leave with guests in the house..." his 
father replied. 
	"Oh don't worry about it!" the other Nobuyuki said, slapping his 
counterpart on the back, "We'll be fine here! The girls can play hostess while 
the three of you are gone!"
	"But I have to finish this project too..." 
	"Oh... hey! I'll do it!" 	
	"Really?"
	"Well, I am you, so we do think alike. I'll have it done by the time you 
get back in the eavning."
	"Well thanks! Wow, it really helps to have two of me!" 
	"Twice the good looks to boot!" 
	"You said it!"
	"So we're going then?" Tenchi asked, rubbing his temples.
	"Yup! Now go help Sasami with dinner. We have to get back to work!" 
	"Right...." Tenchi walked off to the kitchen. There he found Hiro helping 
Sasami cook. 
	"You two doing alright?" he asked. 
	"We're good..." Hiro said as he floated over to the stove and stirred the 
stew boiling there. 
	"Um... you can fly?" 
	"Yeah... I got my genes mixed up with Ryoko's in one of Washu's 
expariments..."
	"Oh... so you have all the powers she does?"
	"Yeah, but I'm much more powerful as far as I can tell. Can she blow up 
planets?"
	"I don't think so..." Tenchi gulped.
	"Yeah, then I'm more powerful."
	Tenchi didn't know if he liked the way Hiro had casually talked about 
blowing up planets or not, but a crash from the living room and a scream of rage 
from Nagi tore him away from the conversation. 
	He rushed out of the kitchen to find Ayeka and Ryoko pushing against each 
other, and Nagi getting up from where she had apperently just been knocked over. 
She drew her sword and charged in. Tenchi jumped forward and knocked Ryoko and 
Ayeka aside just as Nagi was swinging at them, and her sword stopped just inches 
form his head. He held his breath and teetered on one foot. 
	"You almost killed Tenchi, you bitch!" Ryoko screamed and flew at Nagi, 
who quickly turned to her and took up a battle stance. She lunged as well, but 
Tenchi caught her in mid-flight, and held her. He wondered why Ryoko hadn't hit 
them yet and glanced over his shoulder. 
	Hiro floated behind the space pirate and held her in place by the back of 
her neck with one hand. Tenchi sighed and started to put Nagi down, but she 
helped him out before he could do so. Her elbow slammed into the back of his 
neck and he crumpled to the floor. Nagi lunged forward, her sword extended, 
intent on killing Ryoko. Hiro jerked the space pirate back out of her reach, 
grabbed hold of her wrist in a lightning fast move and then they all vanished. 
	"Tenchi!" Ayeka cried, running to his side. 
	

	
	"Now, do you two promise to behave?" Hiro asked. He held Ryoko by her 
ankle in one hand and Nagi by her wrist in the other. They floated almost five 
hundred feet above the Masaki house. 
	"Fine..." Ryoko replied.
	"We wont fight anymore..." Nagi grumbled. 
	"Okay... no more fighting, no verbal abuse of each other, and no beating 
anyone else up, alright Nagi?" Hiro shook her gently. 
	"Alright! Just put us down!" Nagi said. 
	"Okay." Hiro teleported back to the ground, and set them down outside the 
house. Ryoko stormed off inside, and Nagi glared at him.
	"You had no right to interfere you know." she said to him.
	"I wont have you fighting with our host or his friends." Hiro replied, 
"We're guests here Nagi, don't forget that. You and I are going shopping 
tomarrow too..."
	"What? Why?"
	"To get you some new clothes." Hiro smirked.
	"What's wrong with my clothes?"
	"They don't exactly look 21st century earth, Nagi..." 
	"Well..."
	"You have to blend, or Kiyone's gonna' be pissed." he frowned at her.
	"Fine..." she mumbled. 
	"We'll look for a place you can stay after that. I'll have Kiyone help 
us."
	"You sure seem to be chummy with her, conisidering you've only known her 
for a few hours."
	"She's my best friend in my universe." he said simply. 
	"Right." Nagi laughed and they walked back into the house. 




	"Now I'm counting on you two to keep things under control while I'm gone 
for the weekend..." Tenchi said to Ryoko and Ayeka as he threw a glance over his 
shoulder at his dad and grandfather packing the family van for their fishing 
trip. The two girls stood in the front door way, and Tenchi stood before them on 
the porch. 
	"You can count on us Tenchi!" Ryoko said cheerfully.
	"Yes, we will keep an eye on our new house guests, and keep the house 
running while you are away. No worries." Ayeka added with a smile of her own. 
	Tenchi felt a bead of sweat start to form on his temple. Why was he not 
reassured? He had wracked his brain trying to find a way to get the two powerful 
girls to not fight too much while he was gone, and the only way he'd come up 
with was to put them in charge of running the house while he and his father were 
gone. That way they'd have to work together, and wouldn't be as likely to fight 
as much.
	Or they would argue more and the house would be leveled by the time he got 
back.
	Gulping down his fears, Tenchi put on a confident smile. He knew the girls 
wouldn't let him down, "Thanks." he said, and then as an after thought, just to 
be sure, "And I want the house in one piece when we get back too."
	"Don't worry about that at all." they all turned to see Hiro standing in 
the hall behind Ryoko and Ayeka, "I can keep them from doing any major damage."
	"Ha!" Ryoko laughed at him, "You couldn't stop us if you tried! Why don't 
you let those of us with REAL power take care of things around here, and you can 
just sit back and do what you're told to!" Ryoko sneared at him.
	Hiro rolled his eyes and turned away, "Hey Nagi! Kiyone! It's time to get 
going! Are you two ready yet?"
	Ryoko fumed at his apparent lack of respect, but Ayeka put a hand on her 
arm to calm her, "Let him think what he will Ryoko. No need to go starting 
fights before Tenchi is even out of the driveway." she wispered.
	"Right..." Ryoko grit her teeth and turned back to Tenchi with a smile. 
She glomped onto him and squeezed, "I'll miss you Tenchi!"
	Ayeka pinched her hand and Ryoko let go to rub the sore spot. The princess 
stepped forward and pushed Ryoko out of the way, "I too will be awaiting your 
return with... eagerness..." Ayeka said prudently, and bowed. 
	Tenchi smiled at the two very different, yet equally caring ways of saying 
goodbye, "I'll see you two tomarrow night then. Bye!" he ran off to the van 
where Yosho and Nobiyuki were waving. The two girls waved, and Sasami poked her 
head out between the two of them.
	"Bye Tenchi!" she yelled and waved.
	As the van drove off down the street, Ayeka and Ryoko turned back to Hiro, 
who was yelling up the stairs, "Hey! What in the name of God are you two doing 
up there? Let's get going before Ryoko and Ayeka decide that I need a talking 
to!" he turned to see them glaring at him, "Uh oh..." he mumbled. 
	"Hiro..." Ayeka said, stepping forward and smiling polietly, "We need to 
set a few ground rules while Lord Tenchi is gone."
	"Um... okay..."
	"Rule number one!" Ryoko said, appearing next to him, "You do what you are 
told at all times!"
	"Screw that." Hiro snorted. 
	"Rule two is you don't talk back!" Ryoko hauled back a fist, "Or you'll be 
punished!" she let the blow fly and it came within two inches of Hiro's face 
before he caught her hand and held it fast. Ryoko couldn't move her arm back or 
forward. Hiro's face was a mask of calm. 
	"Don't do that." he said, realasing her gently. 
	"What the hell..." Ryoko growled in confusion. Kiyone had just appeared at 
the top of the steps in time to see the space pirate throw several more punches, 
all of which Hiro blocked or ducked. She moved to stop the fight before it 
started, but Nagi held her back.
	"I want to see Ryoko learn a lesson." she wispered. Kiyone just nodded and 
watched as Ryoko grew more frustrated. 
	"Ayeka! Help me out here!" Ryoko yelled. 
	"I don't think that you guys should be picking fights...." Sasami said 
meekly. 
	Hiro smiled at her, "A wise child you are..." he said. 
	Sasami bounced and smiled, "Thanks!" she beamed. 
	Ryoko slugged Hiro in the gut. He didn't move. 
	The space pirate drew her hand back and looked at it. It had felt like she 
had just punched a wall she couldn't break. It hurt like hell, but she wasn't 
about to show a sign of weekness in front of this punk or Ayeka, so she flew 
back and powered up a blast of energy. 
	"Take this then, ass hole!" she threw the energy blast and is streaked 
towards Hiro. He looked up and put a hand out.
	The blast hit and exploded around him. When the energy cloud had passed, 
he still stood with his hand out, not a mark on him, or anything else around 
him. He gave Ryoko a lopsided smile. 
	"I'll be going then. Ladies?" he turned and looked up at his two 
companions for the day. Kiyone was wearing shorts and a white tank top over a 
purple long sleeved t-shirt. Nagi was dressed tight jeans and a red strapless 
tube top, over which she wore a denim vest. 
	"Well...." Hiro smiled, "Didn't know I'd be going out with two such lovely 
ladies..." he walked for the door.
	As Kiyone and Nagi walked past Ryoko, the bounty hunter turned to the 
pirate, who's mouth was hanging open in astonishment at how Hiro had blocked her 
blast, and said, "I was really looking forward to seeing him kick your ass 
too... maybe latter..." she laughed as Ryoko growled, but didn't do anything, 
showing a remarkable amount of self control. 
	When they were gone, Ayeka walked over to the space pirate and looked at 
her quizically, "What happened?" she asked.
	"I don't know... he just.... blocked it..." Ryoko shook her head and 
floated up, "I'm gonna' go get Mihoshi up and have her clean the walks and the 
porch, then I'm gonna' clean the banisters and steps."
	"I guess I'll start on the living room, then the bathrooms..." Ayeka 
rolled up the sleaves on her kimono. 
	"I'll start lunch!" Sasami yelled, and ran off for the kitchen. 
	The two older girls sighed. 



	"You like this color on me?" Nagi asked Kiyone as they browsed the racks 
at a clothing store Hiro had brought them too. He had thought that Nagi would 
like this one because of the selection of 'alternitive' clothing styles they 
offered. Sure enough, she had stocked up on high laced boots, baggy jeans, t-
shirts, and form fitting tops. A few dresses and a bit of jewlery latter, and 
the two woman were looking at swimming suits. 
	Kiyone looked at the suit Nagi was refearing to. It was MUCH more 
conservitive then the one she had won the pagent with while the Masaki family 
had been on the run from half the galaxy, but it still showed a lot of skin. The 
color was a neon green. 
	The GP happened to glance over Nagi's head and see the bobbing green hair 
of Hiro as he walked past. The suit matched his hair almost exactly. 
	"Um... maybe you should ask Hiro..." she smiled and pointed. Nagi turned 
and looked at his head. Hiro looked back and blinked, "What?" he asked. 
	"Nothing..." Nagi said with a chuckle, putting the suit back on the rack. 
	They spent a few more minutes browsing before both woman found suits to 
their liking, and then bought the large amount of clothing all at once, with 
Washu's special brand of credit card. Hiro whistled at the price, but smiled 
when he saw how happy the two girls were. He held up a newspaper, "Now off to 
find a place to stay..." he said. 
	Four hours latter and Nagi was signing the lease for a small one bedroom 
apartment on the east side of town. It was a far cry from the MioKio place, 
which was almost two miles down the street on the west side of town. Kiyone 
grumbled about not ever making enough money to get anything better, and her two 
companions nodded sympatheticly, knowing the cause of her anger was actually her 
partner. 
	"I'll be staying here then, from now on." Nagi said to them as they 
reached to door, "The landlord said I could move in right away, and I've got 
some old furniture stored away in Ken-Ohki's hold... he'll be happy to get rid 
of it..." she laughed and Kiyone and Hiro joined her after a moment. 
	"Well... um... I guess it's been nice getting to know you and stuff..." 
Hiro scratched his head, a habit he had picked up from Tenchi, "Will I see you 
again before I leave?" 
	"Sure, I'll see you around." Nagi smiled at them again, "Detective..." she 
nodded to Kiyone, who nodded back and waved. The door shut and Kiyone and Hiro 
walked off down the steps to the street. 
	"You think she'll come after Ryoko?" Kiyone asked. 
	"No..." Hiro threw her a lopsided grin, "Don't ever tell Ryoko this, but I 
found Nagi when I saved her from a guy she was fighting. She was actually 
defending Ryoko's honor..." he shook his head, "From what I've seen, she's not 
that bad a person in this universe, but still a little rude..." 
	"She's not that bad once you get to know her..." 
	"Man, now even the Galaxy Police are defending her..." Kiyone pushed him 
and he stumbled. He turned on her quickly, "Feeling playful, DETECTIVE!" he 
laughed. 
	"What?" she demanded, "I took the demotion so I could be near my friends 
again. What's so wrong about that?" 
	"You're a Captain in my Universe..." he chuckled as Kiyone's mouth dropped 
open.
	"No way! What rank is Mihoshi?" she looked almost fearful.
	"First Class Detective... she's the only officer under your command..." 
	"That bites..." she frowned.
	"But you have me!" he smiled at her.
	She shoved him again. They laughed then, and started for the bus stop to 
go home. 


	
	In a dark corner of a universe not yet born, a small spot of light pirced 
the nothingness. No matter existed in the void, except for the one spot of 
light. In the center of this spot of light, floated an island. 
	The floor was light blue, and lacking any kind of luster at all. There 
were tropical looking plants all over the place, and two beds at either end of 
the island. Not that the occupents of the place needed to sleep at all, but 
Washu thought it was a nice touch. 
	Nothing but hospitality for her sister...
	Tokimi and Washu stood over the large pool that dominated the center of 
the island. The scene that reflected there was of Hiro and Kiyone, walking along 
the street laughing. Washu smiled at Hiro's ease of blending in, even after 
having been thrown into a different universe. He was a testiment to the power of 
will. 
	Tokimi smiled over at Washu and spoke in a lovely voice that reminded the 
red head of Tsunami, only slightly older, "Sister, this game is too easy for you 
to win..." 
	"That's the point, Nimrod..." Washu smiled back.
	Tokimi laughed, "Always the angry one..." she shook her head, "Where did 
you get all that anger and red hair from?"
	"I don't know... none of us do." Washu pointed out.
	"Yes, you are right. At any rate though, you know I cannot let you win so 
easily."
	"I thought you might say that sooner or latter..." Washu sighed, "Well, if 
you get to tamper, even indirectly, then so do I."
	"Fair enough." Tokimi waved a hand over the pool and the water rippled for 
a moment, "My move is finished. Take all the time you need with yours, but don't 
take too long, or the game might be over..." 
	Washu frowned and looked down at the pool. She remembered how her sister 
loved to play "games" with the lives of mortals. It was fun when it was just a 
love triangle, or someone having a bad day at work, but this was different. 
	This time they were playing for keeps, and Washu was determined to show 
Tokimi who the better Goddess was. She looked intently into the pool to see how 
best she could counter Tokimi's move.



	Hiro stopped suddenly and Kiyone bumped into him, "What's up?" she asked 
him.
	"Something's not right..." he looked around. His eyes flashed green for a 
moment, "Do you have your blaster with you?" he asked.
	"I always have my blaster with me." she cocked her head to one side, "So 
what's wrong?"
	"Down! Now!" he yelled and grabbed her. As he yanked her down to the 
ground with him, three small objects whizzed over their heads from three 
different directions. Hiro teleported twenty feet away as three large figures 
all landed and hacked at the spot they had just been with large axes. 
	Kiyone looked around her and saw three mettle stars sticking out of the 
brick walls of the buildings around them, and three large gray lizard men 
standing before them. They were each eight feet tall with reptilian heads, long 
arms that ended in talons sharp enough to rip through stone, stood erect on two 
legs, and had long tails that ended with several long spines sticking off of 
them. Other then that, they were built like body builders on way too many 
steroids. 
	"What the hell are those things?" she breathed as one of them lifted it's 
tail and thrashed it back into the ground, creating a sizable imprint. 
	"I have no idea," Hiro responded as the lizard men sized them up, "but 
I'll bet all of the credits of Washu's card that Tokimi has something to do with 
this..." 
	"Who?"
	"I'll explain in a bit." Hiro glanced around as the other by standers ran 
off in all directions. He stood up and the lizard men hissed a challenge. 
Forming an energy sword, he threw her another one of his lopsided grins, "Cover 
me, and try not to him me, okay?"
	Kiyone yanked out her blaster as the first of the lizard men charged. Hiro 
flew at it suddenly, with a battle cry and his sword leading the way. The other 
two lizard men started to advance as well, but quickly back pealed as blaster 
fire from Kiyone rained about them. One jumped behind a bench near the bus stop 
and the other lunged into an ally way. Kiyone continued to fire at their 
locations. 
	Hiro flew straight at the lizard man and it ran at him with blinding 
speed. They both screamed out cry's of pain as they flew past each other, and 
Hiro landed on the other side of the beast. He stood up and turned to Kiyone, 
who watched in amazment as the wound across his chest closed and healed in a 
flash of green light. 
	The lizard man he had hit fell into two parts. 
	"The bigger they are..." Hiro shrugged at Kiyone. The detective glanced 
over his shoulder and her eyes grew large.
	"Hiro! Watch out!" but it was too late. Two more stars from the other two 
lizard men buried themselves in the young man's back and he pitched forward. 
Kiyone took the chance while they were out of cover to take a shot at on of the 
lizards, and it's head vanished in a spray of blood and gore. The other one 
ducked back into the ally and her next shot took a chunk out of the wall. 
	Carefully and slowly, Kiyone advanced around to the ally way. She held her 
blaster level with where she knew the monster would be, ready to move it if need 
be to hit it. It couldn't come around the corner and throw one of it's stars at 
her without her hitting it first. She dashed the last few meters to get her shot 
off quickly, but the lizard man wasn't there. She blinked. 
	Then she heard the hissing from above. She looked up in time to see her 
target decending from where it had climbed the building and jumped at her. She 
raised her gun, but it seemed like she was moving in slow motion. 
	"Damn! And I took a demotion to come BACK here!" she cursed to herself in 
her head as she watched the lizard man's axe start the downward stroke that 
would end her life. 
	Suddenly, everything sped up again as a green beam of energy lanced out 
and the monster disinigrated in it before her eyes. She looked over at Hiro, who 
threw the second of the bloody stars he had pried out of his back to the ground 
and stood up. 
	"I'll take care of the bodies, you gather the weapons up so I can blast 
them into atoms too." He walked over to the body of the monster her had cut in 
half and held his hand out too it. One blast of energy and it was gone. 
	Kiyone shook her head as she stared at the holes in the back of his shirt, 
blood still soaking the fringes. His skin was smooth and unharmed. She set about 
gathering the weapons up, still shaking her head. 
	After Hiro had destroyed the weapons, Kiyone faced him, "Now what's going 
on here?"
	"Well, you see, this evil Goddess Tokimi is trying to kill everyone I know 
for some odd reason back home... I guess her power can extend this far, because 
those things were definetly her doing." he shook his head, "Even more reason 
Nobuyuki and I have to get home as soon as we can." 
	"You think there will be more?" 
	"There probobly already is. Tokimi wouldn't just go after us to tip us 
off. She'd try to eliminate all of the people who could help me."
	Kiyone's eye's grew large, "The house!" 	
	"Yeah, but Ryoko and Ayeka and Yosho are there... they should be fine 
unless an army shows up. Tokimi underestimated me, so she'll probobly 
underestimate them as well. I'm more worried about Nagi..." a crash made them 
turn back around and look down the street. A lizard man feel to the floor from 
the second story window of Nagi's new apartment, and the bounty hunter came out 
after it a moment latter. She plunged a sword into it's chest and twisted it 
until the monster stopped thrashing. 
	"I have no idea why..." Kiyone said as they both sweat dropped. 



	Sasami was busy with lunch when she heard the first hiss. She turned to 
the stove expecting to see her rice boiling over, but that wasn't it at all. A 
large lizard like head stuck in through the window of the kitchen sniffing the 
pot. She froze and her eyes popped wide open. 
	Ayeka walked into the kitchen just then and saw Sasami's state of shock, 
"What is it Sasami?" Ayeka asked and followed her sister's eyes to the window. 
Her eyes popped open in the same way that her sister's had, but instead of 
freezing in place, she formed a protective ring of Juri power logs around the 
two of them. (And Ryo-Ohki, who happened to be perched atop the little 
princesses head.)
	The lizard man growled and pulled back it's gray lips to reveal rows of 
sharp teeth. It bunched up it's next and the rest of it's body and lunged 
through the window, taking part of the wall with it. As it struck the ring of 
power it was blasted with electricity and flung back into the stove. It moaned 
then sat up straight. Yelping like an hurt puppy, it jumped off the boiling pot 
of rice and flung it's self through the door into the living room. 


	Ryoko, drawn by all the noise from where she was sweeping the upstairs 
floor started to faze down through it to see what was going on. Half way there 
she stopped and looked on in utter shock as a lizard man climbed the stairs, 
growling and hissing the whole way. She formed an energy sword and materialized 
herself right in front of it. Sword to it's throat, she demanded answers.
	"Who are you, and why the hell are you here?" she shouted. 
	It growled at her and, faster then she had thought it could move, swatted 
her aside with a battle axe. She went right through the wall, then came back up 
through the floor with her sword ready. The lizard was cut in half from groin to 
the top of it's head. 
	Spinning around and flying back down the steps, Ryoko fazed into her 
battle suit. She had a pretty good idea what all the noise had been. Ayeka could 
take care of herself and Sasami, but just in case...
	She almost flew headlong into the fleeing lizard man as it ran from the 
kitchen. Her sword led the way however, and another reptile hit the floor, dead. 
Ayeka rushed from the kitchen, clutching Sasami to her, and saw the grizzly 
scene. She nodded in apprciation to the space pirate and turned her attention to 
the front door, which had opened with an ominous creek. Two more lizard men were 
there, brandishing throwing stars. 
	Ryoko threw an energy blast and Ayeka discharged her Juri power at them. 
The entry way exploded in a spray of wood and lizard parts, and the two 
advanced. 
	"Ayeka!" Sasami shouted.
	"Go to Miss Washu's lab!" Ayeka called back over her shoulder. 
	Sasami turned and ran for the lab, but stopped short when another huge 
lizard man came in the back door. They were surrounded. 
	Ayeka and Ryoko rushed to the front door and looked outside. At least 
twenty of the lizard men were standing before them, all brandishing battle axes 
and throwing stars. Ryoko growled and powered up an energy beam. Juri power logs 
appeared before them in a protective shield. 
	Hiro, Kiyone, and Nagi suddenly appeared in the middle of the throng of 
lizard men. Several of the monsters turned to them with confused looks on their 
reptilian faces.
	"Oh! Hey Ryoko! Hi Ayeak!" Hiro looked at them and saw the build up of 
power. He looked around himself. "Oh!" he repeated. Nagi and Kiyone both ducked. 
	Hiro's sword came out and slashed in a large circle all around him. Three 
lizard men when down, and he took to the air. Nagi and Kiyone had broken free of 
the throng in the confustion, and were both pulling weapons. Hiro called down 
from his lofty position.
	"I'm going to check on the shrine!" he yelled and blasted off for the 
temple. Ryoko grinned.
	"More fun for us then!" she shouted, and let fly with the built up energy. 
Juri energy flew right behind it, and Kiyone started to empty her clip into the 
mass of lizard men. When the dust cleared, several of the monsters were dead, 
but eight still stood their ground. 
	"Two each!" Nagi bellowed and charged the nearest one with her sword. 
Ryoko formed her own and flew in. Kiyone prepared to cover them, and Ayeka, 
power logs blazing charged after Ryoko. 



	Sasami backed away from the beast as it advanced on her, "Ayeka..." she 
called meekly, to frightened to really yell. The lizard man raised it's axe and 
lunged but came up short when a hissing and spitting Ryo-Ohki jumped in front of 
the princess. 
	The lizard man seemed to contemplate the cabit for a moment, then it began 
to chuckle. A hissing, rasping sort of sound that annoyed Sasami to no end. "Get 
that thing Ryo-Ohki!" she ordered. 
	Ryo-Ohki jumped into the air and head butted the lizard man back, it 
doubled over in pain. The cabit jumped again and used one paw to slug the 
monster in the jaw. It's head flipped up and it stumbled back some more. 
Finally, Ryo-Ohki (a white head band much like Tenchi's now holding her ears 
back behind her head) jumped high and executed a perfect spin kick. The lizard 
man's spun a full circle, then fell to the ground. Ryo-Ohki landed on it's back 
and mewed happily. 	
	"Wow! Ryo-Ohki!" Sasami rushed forward and hugged her cabit defender. Then 
Washu's door opened. 
	"How do you expect a genius to get any work done around here if you people 
keep making all this noise?" she shouted. The Washu puppets came out. 
	"Washu needs her peace!" Washu puppet A declared.
	"Washu needs to concentrate!" Washu puppet B announced. 
	"Washu is a-" Washu Puppet A didn't get out another word, for just then, a 
throwing star hit it and it flew from the diminutive scientist's shoulder. 
	"No!" Washu screamed and threw herself on the floor next to her personal 
ego booster. 
	"Get them for me... Washu...." the puppet coughed, "You can do it.... 
you're a gen.... uis....." It feel silent and it's eyes closed. 
	"Who did this?" Washu asked, deadly quiet as she looked up at Sasami, 
tears streaming down her face. Sasami pointed blankly out the back door, where 
ten more of the lizard men were advancing on the house. The genius scientist 
stood, walked out the door and faced the coming threat with no fear in her eyes. 
	"Fine!" she yelled, "You want to play like that?" from seemingly no where, 
she pulled a huge repeating plasma cannon. She cocked it and pointed it at them. 
"Die! All of you shall pay for your evil!" she laughed lick a true mad woman as 
she pumped off round after round at the lizard men, blowing them apart. When not 
one of them stood, she walked back to the Washu Puppet, scooped it up and 
carried it gently back into the lab. 
	"I'll need your help in the surgery, Sasami." Washu said sadly. 
	"Okay!" Sasami nodded, truly sorry that the Washu puppet had been killed. 
With one last glance over her shoulder to be sure Ayeka and Ryoko were okay, she 
ran off into the lab. 


	Hiro kicked the last of the fifteen lizard men away from him and it fell 
off his sword. The carnage was extensive.
	"Man, I'm going to be here all day scrubbing the stones..." he grumbled, 
"Damn you Tokimi... couldn't you have made monsters that didn't bleed so much?" 
He teleported back to the front yard and saw Ryoko already disposing off the 
bodies of the dead monsters there. He helped her, blasting their bodies into 
nothing. When they were done, they regarded each other, floating twenty feet off 
the ground. 
	"You found more up by the temple?" she asked.
	"Fifteen. All dead." 
	"Very good. They were strong... who sent them?"
	"Tokimi... she's an evil goddess from my world... very powerful..."
	"Well then, maybe you should hurry up and get back to your world." Ryoko 
said harshly.
	"Trust me," Hiro said with a half grin, "I want to more then you want me 
to." The space pirate was caught off guard by that. Most of Tenchi's visitors 
usually wanted to stay for extended periods of time. 
	"So... you can fly and stuff too?" Ryoko started for the temple, Hiro 
following. 
	"I got all my powers from you... only you're much more powerful in my 
world... especially with these." Hiro showed her the gem in his wrist. 
	"That thing enhances your power?" she looked at it closely. It looked like 
the one's in Tenchi's sword...
	"Yeah, quite a bit... I do have a bit of my own power... it took me 
forever to train hard enough to get it though." he smirked remembering the time 
chamber. It seemed like weeks ago now. It suddenly hit him that with all the 
space travel to get here, it had been almost two weeks. 
	"I think I've seen those before..." she said. 
	"Really?" Hiro came up short, "Where? Please, you have to tell me!" 
	"In Tenchi's sword... but what does it matter? They're just 
decorations..."
	"Maybe... or maybe not... I'll have to check it out when he returns... if 
they really are just like these... then maybe I can have full power when I 
return to my own world..." 
	"So you could beat this Tokimi chick?" 
	"Right. Not even she would stand a chance against the power of six gems!" 
	"Well, you'll have to talk to Tenchi about that..." Ryoko looked down at 
the temple grounds, "You're scrubbing the blood up." 



	Washu pondered what to do as Tokimi seethed next to her. Without any help 
from Washu, the mortals had defeated her minions. She wouldn't underestimate 
them next time. 
	Washu knew that of course, and was plotting her next move carefully. She 
had to figure out a way to keep Tokimi from sending any more of the horde of 
demons she kept about to that world. That would require a dimensional wall of 
some sort. Something that would let Hiro out but not let anything else in... 
	A simple device that would generate that kind of field jumped into her 
head. Since a dimension was only massive in real space, a device such as the one 
she was thinking of would only have to be placed in subspace, and hooked up to a 
power source roughly the strength of seven or eight stars. A simple task for 
her, even before she became a Goddess. 
	  She nodded her head. Her plan was set to motion just that quickly, and 
she continued to ponder, to make it look like she hadn't done anything yet. 
Hopefully, by the time Tokimi caught on, her mortal self would be done. 



	"Nobiyuki?" Hiro asked, poking his head in through the study doors. The 
Masaki man was hunched over a blue print, drawing a line with a straight edge. 
	"I'm busy Hiro..." he said in a distracted voice. 
	"Didn't you hear the fighting?" 
	"I figured you guys would take care of it."
	"Well... we did, but you really should be more careful... Tokimi knows 
we're here, and she's trying to kill us." Hiro couldn't conprehend how this man 
had just sat and worked on a blue print while huge lizard men had been tromping 
around the house.
	"Mmhmm." Nobiyuki nodded his head.
	"You aren't worried?"
	"Washu will take care of it... if Tokimi can do it, then so can she." 
	"What are you talking about? Washu isn't a Goddess..." 
	"Actually Hiro," Nobiyuki turned and faced him, a serious look on his 
face, "in our world, she is." 
	"What?"
	"Yeah, she's the middle sister. Tokimi is the oldest, and her little 
sister is Tsunami."
	"So... Sasami is Washu's little sister too?"
	"Yeah, I guess."
	"That's so messed up..." Hiro plopped down into a chair, "Why didn't she 
tell any of us?" 
	"She didn't want you to treat her any different." Nobuyuki shrugged, "She 
told me, because I'm her boyfriend, and she told Tenchi to reassure him that his 
Grandfather was in a good place." Hiro seemed to perk up at that, and smiled 
faintly. 
	"Does anyone else know?" he asked.
	"I think she told Kiyone, because she figured out what really happened in 
space when you guys were fighting Seliph." 
	"She always was smarter then the rest of us..." Hiro laughed a little, 
then fell silent again, "Wow." he finally said. 
	"Yeah, wow." Nobuyuki smiled. 
	"Hiro?" Sasami looked into the room, "Washu wants to see you in the lab." 
	"Okay, I'll be right there." Sasami smiled and nodded, then withdrew. 
Turning to the Masaki man, Hiro said, "I'll see what she wants... hopefully it's 
good news... we need to get out of here as soon as we can."
	"I'll just finish this up then..." Nobuyuki rubbed his hands together and 
went back to work. 
	

	
	"So this just appeared in the memory banks of your computer?" Hiro asked, 
looking at page after page of detailed instructions and blueprints. 
	"Yup!" Washu looked excited.
	"What does it do?" Hiro asked. He wasn't too stupid, and he could normally 
figure out what Washu's inventions were from looking at the prints. This one 
baffled him though.
	"It's a dimensional wall. It blocks outside threats from entering, but 
there's an ingenious little part of it that will let you out... only you 
actually. It's tuned to your astral pattern!" 
	Thank you, Washu Hiro thought to himself, then turned to the Washu from 
this dimension, "How long will it take to build?" 
	"Four hours!" 
	"That's it?" 
	"It's a simple device..." Washu waved a hand at him as if to say, "Don't 
patranize me..."
	"Well, let's get started!" Hiro rubbed his hands together.
	"I already have my droids building it! I called you here because I want to 
study you!" 
	"Oh... great..." Hiro winced as four robotic arms shot out of the darkness 
overhead and grabbed him by his arms and legs. 
	"This will only hurt a little..." Washu said, now wearing a nurses out fit 
and pulling on a rubber glove.
	"Um... Washu? Washu?!? Give me back my pants! WASHU!!!!" his voice was 
heard echoing to the far corners of the massive lab. 




	Hiro stumbled out of the door of the broom closet and slammed it behind 
him. He was gasping for breath when Ryoko appeared in front of him and held out 
a bucket of soapy water and a scrub brush. He took them and sighed. 


	The last thing Tenchi or Yosho expected to see after they had come home 
and gone right to the shrine for sword practice was Hiro on his hands and knees, 
scrubbing the last of several blood stains off the stones, and humming an old 
shinto song. He didn't notice them until they walked up and inquired about his 
cleaning. 
	Looking up at them, he laughed nervously, "Well, you see, we were attacked 
by these lizard men things and I came up here to see if they were going to burn 
the shrine or something, and I killed a few of them and their blood got all 
over..." he laughed again.
	"Thank you for taking the time to clean the stones." Yosho smiled down at 
him, "Now how about a little sparing? Ryoko tells me you're pretty handy with a 
sword."
	"I try to keep in shape... but I don't know if Tenchi is ready for the 
kind of training I do..."
	"Oh?" Yosho raised an eyebrow.
	"Uh yeah... I like to train with a little juice behind me... you know, 
tossing energy blasts and doing real damage. If Tenchi can summon the Light Hawk 
Wings, then we might be able to go at it-"
	"Excuse me?" Tenchi asked, very curious, "The Light Hawk What?"
	"Wings... you can't summon them?"
	"I've never heard of them. What's he talking about Grandpa?"
	"I have no idea. What is it you speak of?"
	"Oh well..." Hiro stood up and rubbed the back of his neck, "In my world, 
Tenchi has the ability to create three blades of power that are capable of 
matter converstion... that is the creation of objects. It's the power granted 
him by the Goddess Tsunami."
	"So there are more Goddesses in your world?" Yosho asked.
	"Only three. Tokimi, Tsunami, and Washu."
	"Washu?!?" they both burst out at once. 
	"Yeah, kind of a shocker huh?" 
	"I'll say!" Tenchi stumbled back, "Wow!" 
	Hiro lunged suddenly. His sword flared to life and he flew at Tenchi. 
Almost on instinct Tenchi had his sword out and had blocked the blow. He pushed 
Hiro's sword aside and jabbed at the opening. Hiro vanished and appeared above 
him. Tenchi rolled and ducked out of the way. 
	Yosho just stood as the two battled. He hadn't moved when Hiro had 
attacked, and he didn't now. He simply watched. He knew Hiro could power up and 
defeat Tenchi in a matter of seconds, but he was training at a low power so that 
Tenchi could keep up. Barely. 
	"Come on Misaki!" Hiro growled as they locked blades, "You have to be 
better then that!" 
	"I don't usually train with real sword!" Tenchi shouted back, but Hiro 
shoved him back with so much force that he flew through the air. Tenchi was 
forced to put up a meager defense as Hiro came in hard again. They fought for 
several minutes. Hiro finally pushed Tenchi back and then flew in for a killing 
blow. He screamed as he flew at his foe. 
	A sudden blast of blue light shone from Tenchi and he cut at Hiro in the 
same instant Hiro cut at him. They landed facing away from each other, and when 
they stood and faced one another, Tenchi gasped. 
	He had been able to dodge Hiro's blow, but his had scored a hit along the 
other young man's chest. A long bloody gash extended from his neck to the middle 
of his chest. 
	"Oh God! Hiro I'm sorry, I-"
            "Don't worry about it!" Hiro smiled. The wound was already closing 
up, "I have a few abilities that your Ryoko doesn't!"
            "But...." Tenchi looked on in awe as Hiro healed to perfection once 
again, "How?"
            "The gem I have in my wrist." Hiro explained, showing it to Tenchi, 
"It increases my abilities and gives me regenerative powers."
            "That's great!" Tenchi smiled, then squinted at it, "And it looks 
just like these..." he held up the sword he held in his hand and stared at the 
three gems there.
            "I know..." Hiro's eyes gleamed, "I wanted to see if they held the 
same kind of power that mine does..." he held out his hand and Tenchi shrugged 
and handed the sword over. Hiro held it for a moment, then his face fell, "No... 
they're just decoration... nothing powerful about them at all."
            "I'm sorry..." Tenchi took the sword back when Hiro offered it to 
him, "Hey, let's go see if Sasami has dinner ready yet... I'm starved!" 
            "Yeah, that's a good idea... hey, you're not half bad with a sword 
Tenchi!"
            "Well, I learned from the best!"
            "Yosho, you have a great Grandson." Hiro slapped his shoulder.
            "I know." Yosho nodded, "Now if only he'd get over his shyness and 
actually go out on a date with one of the woman we live with..." 
            Tenchi face faulted and Hiro sweat dropped. 
	

	
	Tokimi growled at Washu, "You're not playing fair Sister!"
	"It's well within the rules to aid them the way I have." Washu smiled 
smugly.
	"Yes, I guess it is..." Tokimi turned back to the pool and watched as 
Tenchi and Hiro laughed on their way back to the house for lunch. She needed to 
concentrate her efforts more on taking out this fool who held one of the gems. 
His friends were powerful even in this dimension, and she wouldn't underestimate 
them again, but without her minions to do her direct work for her, she was at a 
loss. It seemed Washu knew this as well, and the younger Goddess wouldn't wipe 
that silly smile off her face. 
	Tokimi didn't care much at that point if she lost this little game. She 
just wanted to hurt Hiro as much as she could. With a flick of her wrist, she 
used her next move and then turned to Washu.
	"What use is that?" Washu asked, screwing up her face. The time flow had 
been disrupted. 
	"You'll see if we ever get out of this place..." Tokimi said harshly, 
"It's your move Sister. You've won yourself a little more time to prepare, so 
use it wisely."
	Washu looked back at the pool of water and saw Hiro eating and laughing. 
Her sister was up to something, she knew that, but what? And how would it effect 
Hiro? Her move would have to be a quick one. She looked hard at the face before 
her. 



	It was almost midnight when Hiro finally fell asleep. Almost instantly he 
found himself in a dream. It struck him as odd that he could tell he was 
dreaming and he knew it, but he pushed that aside without too much concern. 
Weirder things had happened.
	And then a weirder thing did happen. Washu stood before him in a wide 
grassy field, with mountains on all sides. She was wearing a black dress, with 
gray highlights. Red strokes shimmered up and down it's length when it moved 
about her, which it seemed to do of it's own accord, as there was no wind. She 
was in her adult form, something Hiro had rarely seen, and it struck him how 
beautiful she really was. 
	"Washu... what's going on here?" 
	"You're dreaming. It's the only place I can really talk to you."
	"Are you.... are you the Washu from this dimension, or are you my Washu?"
	"I'm your Washu."
	"You're a Goddess." he said it flatly. 
	"Yes."
	"Why didn't you tell me?"
	"I didn't know until just a few months before all this started to happen. 
After that, I just didn't see how it effected out relationship." she shrugged. 
	"I'm going to marry your daughter!" Hiro burst out, "How could this not 
effect our relationship!" 
	"How does my being a Goddess effect your love for Ryoko?"
	"If you're a Goddess, and you used your own DNA to make her, then she must 
be part Goddess too." 
	"You're a sharp one Hiro." Washu smiled warmly, "That's what I've always 
loved most about you." she paused and stepped forward so that she was closer, 
and she lost some of her formality, then she continued, "Yes, Ryoko is a Goddess 
as well. Or she will be as soon as you get back. She needs the last Gem to 
Ascend."
	"But... that'll weaken me... I wont be able to fight as well any more." 
	"This isn't a fight you can help her with Hiro." Washu shook her head, 
"Even if you did become as powerful as Tenchi... not even he can match the 
levels of power that will be needed to fight Tokimi directly."
	"So it will be you and Ryoko?" 
	"And Sasami. Or Tsunami, which ever way you choose to look at her."
	"She's still just a child."
	"Tsunami is pushing more, and Sasami knows her duty to her people and to 
her Universe. Alone, my sister and I would not be able to overcome Tokimi. She's 
too powerful. Ryoko with us, however, might just be enough."
	"So all I have to do is get back to our dimension and give Ryoko my Gem?"
	"That's all I ask you to do." 
	"Then I'll do that." Hiro nodded.
	"Thank you Hiro. I know it's hard for you not to be able to help."
	"I know what's important. I'll help as much as I can, but if I can't fight 
Tokimi, then so be it. I'll give someone else the power to do so."
	"Good boy. Farewell, Hiro. Come back soon."
	"I'll see you in another time and place." Hiro replied. 
	Then he woke up. 
	And saw Washu hovering over him. 
	"I was just dreaming about you...." he mumbled, still half asleep. 
	"Aw! How sweet of you!" she smiled down at him, "Now get up and help me! I 
need to calibrate the Dimension Tuner to your particular astral pattern, then do 
a few tests to see if it works right!"   


	
	Hiro stepped down from the platform and walked over to where Washu was 
busily tapping away at her holocomputer, "What's the news?"
	"You're from a different universe." she said flatly, "What did you 
expect?"
	"I dunno... maybe some strange conjecture about my extra-universal origins 
or something. A witty remark anyway."
	"Last time I built this Dimension Tuner, the girls got their hands on it 
and I went through no end of trouble fixing the mistakes and messed up realities 
they created. No chances this time. There is no room for error. I've designed it 
take a particular astral pattern and stick with that. I'm taking it apart as 
soon as you're home safe."
	"I guess something like this is a little dangerous just to have lying 
around isn't it?" 
	"Exactly. Even I have morals." she thought about that for a moment, "Not 
too many, but some..." 
	Hiro shook his head and turned away, "How long before we're ready to go?"
	"Thirty four hours. That gives me enough time to do the experiment runs."
	"Great. You don't know how much this means to me."
	"I've got a good idea though." she winked at him. He winked back.
	"See you at lunch, Little Washu?"
	"I'll be there."



	Hiro walked out to the living room and looked over to see both Nobutuki's 
exclaiming over the prints on the coffee table before them. 
	"These are great! Just what I had in mind!"
	"Great minds think alike!" 
	"And have handsome faces to go with them!"
	"Damn straight!"
	"Did you see the north wall of the fifth floor? I put a set of windows 
in..." Hiro shook his head as the voices faded. He had moved through the living 
room and into the kitchen. Sasami was busily fixing lunch, and he picked up a 
knife to cut the carrots on the tray to her right.
	"Thanks Hiro!" she said as she stirred the pot on the stove. 
	"It's my pleasure, kid." Hiro replied as he chopped up the carrots with 
lightning speed. He shoved them aside a moment latter, having cut them all. 
	"Wow! That was fast!" 
	"I'm a pretty fast guy!" Hiro patter her on the head and pet Ryo-Ohki from 
her perch on the little princesses shoulder. 
	From there he moved out side. Taking to the air, he flew around the house 
a few times. With nothing better to do, he flew up to the shrine. There, he 
landed and picked a bokken. He swept it through the first few Jurian Katas 
Tenchi had taught him, and then moved to more complicated patterns of thrusts 
and slashes he had formed himself as practice moves. When he had finished, there 
was clapping off to one side. He turned to see Ryoko floating on her side, 
lounging in mid-air. 
	"How skillful of you. Care to try your hand against me?" she formed an 
energy sword. 
	"Sure, but I don't think it'll be much of a challenge." she growled at 
him. Seeing his mistaken warning, he quickly added, "For you, that is."
	"Well, I'm getting rusty just sitting on this rock, so why don't you give 
it your best shot?" 
	"Alright, but go easy on me." he couldn't help but to smile. He briefly 
considered letting her win, but then changed his mind. Sometimes it was better 
just to put the haughty in their place, and worry about their pride latter. 
	Ryoko flew at him with a battle cry and he tossed away the bokken. Forming 
his own sword he paired her first few strikes then shoved her away. She flew 
back in after a pause to consider his strength. He hadn't even really tried to 
shove her. He just had. With both hands this time, she continued to slash at 
him. They rose into the air, still fighting.
	After almost a solid four minutes of slashing at him, Ryoko growled, "Are 
you going to fight, or is this just a game?"
	"Fine." Hiro's smile vanished and he pulled down on his sword, pushing 
her's out to the side. His whole body was open and Ryoko made for a slash at his 
chest. Her cry of victory was cut short by his scream. Green flame burst around 
him and a force wave blaster Ryoko back through the air almost forty yards. She 
stopped herself and looked on in awe as Hiro's green hair waved in the energy 
field that surrounded him. His eyes glowed green, and his sword burned even 
brighter. 
	He was in front of her then, his sword gone. She could feel the gentle 
heat of the power that surrounded him, but only for a moment. The next thing she 
knew she was spinning end over end up into the sky, the bottom of her jaw 
hurting quite a bit. 
	He had uppercut her.
	Her assent was stopped suddenly by his knee in her back. She gasped for 
breath even as he slugged her right between her shoulder blades, sending her 
back to the earth. 


	Tenchi had just gotten home from school and had run directly to the shrine 
to start training. Yosho had said he wanted to start early today for some 
reason. 
	As he ran across the court yard of the temple, he got a funny feeling. 
Looking up he saw a dark form flying at him from the sky. He jumped out of the 
way just in time, and the thing slammed into the stone next to him with a grunt. 
	"Wait a second... things don't grunt..." Tenchi said as he rolled over and 
looked to see who had fallen from the sky. Ryoko lay in the caved in part of the 
ground, out cold, with blood trickling from her lips. She moaned and began to 
stir.
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi was at her side in an instant, "Who did this to you?" He 
looked up and saw Hiro coming down. He landed next to them and knelt with Tenchi 
next to her.
	"Damn... guess I shouldn't have hit her so hard..." he leaned over an 
inspected her face. He pushed open one eye and looked at it, "She's not hurt too 
much... just banged up a little."
	"Banged up a little..." Ryoko mumbled in a mock up of Hiro's voice, 
"Whatever... I'm lucky to be alive!" 
	"You're no wimp Ryoko." Hiro said, "But I did warn you." 
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi helped her sit up, "You do know how powerful Hiro is, 
don't you?" 
	"Well, obviously a little more powerful then me!" she growled, looking at 
him.
	"He told me once he could blow up a planet." Tenchi said softly.
	"I'm not sure of that." Hiro said with a laugh, "I've never actually tried 
before."
	"Where do you hide it all?" Ryoko asked, now somewhat impressed. This kid 
was really a powerhouse.
	"It's all inside me..." Hiro smiled a little wider, "Come on, I'll help 
you back to the house." 
	"Naw..." Ryoko shoved them both away, "I'm not hurt that bad..." she stood 
up by herself and grinned sheepishly, "and you did warn me... I got a though 
lesson in how not to be prideful today, didn't I?"
	"That was the point." Hiro patter her arm and she winced, "Sorry..." he 
shook his head.
	"I'll patch myself up back at the house... you boys have fun with Yosho 
now..." and she vanished. 
	The two young men turned to see Yosho walk down the steps of the shrine 
and over to them. He looked down at the hole in the ground then back up at Hiro.
	"Uh...." Hiro scratched the back of his head, "I guess I'll go find a 
block to replace that one..." he took to the air, "I'll be back in a bit... 
might need to cut one out of the cliff... It's granite right?" Yosho nodded, 
"Then have a good practice Tenchi!" and he zoomed off. 
	"You sure do know how to scare someone don't you Grandpa?" Tenchi asked 
dryly. 
	"It comes in handy when ordering around someone who could tear you limb 
from limb in a matter of seconds. Hiro is much stronger then you or I, but his 
sense of honor and duty is enough to give me the edge. Now, where's your 
training clothes? And your sword? Let's get started!" 
	"Yes sir!" Tenchi dashed for the temple where his clothes were. He wanted 
to make this a good practice.



	When Tenchi had returned to the temple for his clothes and his school bag 
(Yosho had gone straight to the house for lunch) he found Hiro cutting the rough 
edges off the block of stone he had re-fit into the court yard. His sword 
flashed over the block quickly, hacking away the bits of rock that didn't look 
right. When he was satisfied that it looked almost the same as the rest of the 
yard, he stepped away from it and smiled. He looked up and saw Tenchi walking 
over.
	"Not to bad, eh?" He motioned to the stone. Tenchi did have to admit, it 
looked just like the rest of the stones in the yard, only a bit newer. 
	"Yeah, it's good." he smiled at Hiro who nodded, "Hey, it's time for 
lunch." 
	"Don't want to go another round?" Hiro asked, deftly tossing the bokken 
he'd discarded earlier during his fight with Ryoko into the air with his foot 
and catching it. 
	"I think Grandpa already wore me down enough..."
	"And you think your foes will give you time to rest on the field of 
battle? 'Oh yeah, you've had a rough fight or two Tenchi, go ahead and rest!' 
Bah! I don't think so Masaki. Defend yourself!" Hiro lunged at him.
	Tenchi parried the blow, and spund a quick full circle, whacking Hiro 
across his shoulder blades hard enough to send the young man reeling. Hiro stood 
and faced him. 
	"That was good..." his face twitched into a half smile, "Way to end a 
fight quickly... I guess Ryoko's not the only one who gets a lessen in 
underestimating one's foes today." 
	Tenchi smirked, they replied, "Some times it's good to be brought back 
down to earth." he took in Hiro for a moment, then smiled warmly, "Hey, why 
don't you go grab some lunch from Sasami and meet me over at the Tree?" 
	"Okay... something on your mind?" 
	"Sort of... that and it'll be nice to have a guy to talk to... well, one 
who's not my Dad or Grandpa..."
	"I hear that." Hiro smiled and blinked out. 



	After they had eaten, Tenchi and Hiro sat in the branches of the Tree and 
talked about this and that. Tenchi asked about differences in the two worlds, 
and Hiro filled him in on the different adventures he and the others from his 
world had had. 
	"So what is it you wanted to talk about?" Hiro asked after a while. 
	"Oh... I was just wondering... I've noticed you looking at Ryoko a bit 
differently, then the other girls..."
	"How's that?" 
	"I dunno... like you've seen her naked or something..." 
	"Well, if Ryoko still acts like Ryoko around here, so have you..." 
	"I mean like you've seen her more then just naked... you know what I 
mean..." Tenchi's face was red and he was squirming. 
	"Yeah... you know you used to be like this in my world too... that is 
before you started sleeping with Ayeka..." 
	"I'm screwing Ayeka in your world?" Tenchi almost fell out of the tree.
	"I wouldn't call it 'screwing' her..." Hiro reached out and steadied the 
other young man, "I would call it 'making love' to her, as the two of you are 
very much in love."
	"But... what about the others? What about Ryoko?"
	"Is it like that here then too? You're trying to decide between Ryoko and 
Ayeka?"
	"That wasn't my question." Tenchi glared. 
	Hiro sighed, "I'm supposed to be getting married to Ryoko in a month or 
so." he said with a smile, "And we're damn happy together. I guess I just miss 
her a bunch..." he closed his eyes.
	"What about the rest of them?" Tenchi asked softly.
	"Mihoshi has an old flame who dropped by the planet and decided to stay... 
his name's Brice... Kiyone is still out of luck, the poor girl. Sasami is still 
to young for boys, or Ayeka thinks so any way... Washu is...." Hiro cracked up 
then calmed a little, "Washu is dating your dad!" he burst out laughing and 
after a moment of letting that sink in, Tenchi laughed as well. They stopped and 
sat in silence for a few moments, then Tenchi spoke again, very softly, and 
staring at the ground.
	"Is my Mother..." he choked on the words, and couldn't finish.
	"She died when you were young, just like she did here." Hiro said, just as 
softly.
	Tenchi wiped the tears from the corners of his eyes. He smiled up at Hiro, 
"Well, I'm glad you're getting married! Congrats!" 
	"Hey, thanks! I just hope she'll still be willing and ready after this 
whole fight with Tokimi..." 
	"Why wouldn't she be?" 
	"Well, I've just found out recently through a few dreams, and your dad 
from my universe, that Washu is a Goddess, sister to Tokimi. Since Ryoko is 
Washu's daughter in my world, that makes her a Goddess as well...." Hiro trailed 
off. 
	"You're worried about her leaving you?" 
	"Yeah."
	"Well, if Washu stayed with my Dad, then why wont Ryoko stay with you?"
	"I don't know... I guess it's just one of those things you worry about..." 
	"I hear you there..." they lapsed back into silence until the sun started 
to go down, then climbed out of the tree and started down the path to the house. 
	"So what about you, Tenchi? Which girl do you see yourself with?" Hiro 
asked as they walked down the stairs.
	"I don't know... I'm so afraid of hurting any of them..." Tenchi shook his 
head.
	"You do know that's a bad thing right?" Hiro asked.
	"How is not wanting to hurt them a bad thing?" Tenchi stopped walking and 
faced Hiro, "And who are you to judge what's right and wrong for me?"
	Hiro saw the gathering storm clouds on Tenchi's face, "Look, I already 
fought with you about this kind of thing back in my universe, and I'll tell you 
now, I made that a fair fight by not using super strength or teleporting or 
anything. I wont this time." That seemed to take a little of the anger away from 
Tenchi, who calmed a bit, but still fumed. He shook his head.
	"You don't know what I go through..." he began.
	"I know pretty damn good I think. Things aren't that different in my 
world, if not worse. I've been through it already." 
	"Still, you can't know what it's like to be stuck in the middle of all 
these woman-"
	"You don't get it do you?" Hiro yelled suddenly, making birds and small 
animals fly and run off in all directions around them. Tenchi was stunned by the 
sudden out burst and didn't reply. Hiro continued to rant, "You just don't 
fucking get it, do you Masaki? You sit here, with all these girls fawning all 
over you, and you don't even show them the affection they deserve! It's ripping 
them up inside to have you sit and just stare back when the show how much they 
love you! And they do, Tenchi, they do. All of them. I know you love them all as 
well, but damn it all, you have to choose one, or two or all of them!" Tenchi 
stumbled back a few paces from Hiro's intensity, "These girls wont stay forever 
Tenchi." Hiro's voice had grown quiet, "That's why Ryoko ended up with me. She 
loved you so much, but she fell in love with me too, and I was willing to have 
her then. You were just stalling, so she went with me. She was sick of waiting."
	Tenchi beat himself up inside. He had been so selfish! He'd been thinking 
so much about not hurting the girls, that he hadn't stopped to consider what his 
actions were doing to them. Inaction was just as bad if not worse then action...
	"But how do I choose? It was easy for me in your world... Ryoko was gone, 
and that left Ayeka..." 
	"I don't know." Hiro said as he jerked his head down the path to indicate 
that they should keep walking, "But you're aware now of the reality of the 
situation... and I hope you're able to act accordingly."



	The two were, needless to say, somber upon their return to the house. 
Tenchi gently told Ryoko and Ayeka (both of whom had accosted him at the front 
door) that he need some time to think about something important, and retreated 
to his room. Questioning Hiro hadn't turned up any positive results, so the 
girls gave up and went to take a bath. 
	Hiro was lounging in the living room, chatting with Sasami and the 
Nobuyuki's when a knock at the front door sounded. 
	"I'll get that... no, it's okay... don't worry about me being a guest or 
anything..." he shooed Sasami and the present universe's Nobuyuki back to their 
seats. Floating over to the door, he opened it and looked outside. 
	Nagi stood there, dressed in her Earth street wear, with Ken-Ohki perched 
on her shoulder. The white cabbit jumped down and scampered off to find Ryo-Ohki 
as soon as the door was open.
	"Blasted fur ball..." Nagi grinned in spite of her harsh words, "How are 
you Hiro?" 
	"I'm not too bad Nagi... what brings you to the Masaki home at this time 
of night?"
	"Just stopping by... and shutting up that infernal long haired rat of 
mine..." Hiro grinned as well and stepped aside to let her in. She removed her 
shoes and they walked into the living room. 
	"Hey everyone! Look who dropped by!" Hiro said as they entered.
	"We saw Ken-Ohki run by!" Sasami said, jumping up and running over to Nagi 
she bowed cutely, "How do you do Miss Nagi?" 
	"Very well, thank you Princess." Nagi bowed back. 
	Ryoko walked into the room, drying her hair with a bath towel, "Hey, has 
Tenchi come down from his room..." she trailed off and stared at Nagi, "You're 
coming for visits now? Gra!" and she turned and floated up and faded away.
	"She's not too happy to see me..." Nagi smiled.
	"You did hunt her across the galaxy for a few years there Nagi..." Hiro 
reminded her as they all sat on the couches. 
	"I guess that could make someone like Ryoko want to hold a grudge." Nagi 
smiled wider.
	"You two should learn to get along. I think you'd make great friends!" 
Sasami said.
	"I don't know if we could be friends Princess." Nagi said with a snorted 
laugh.
	"Oh? Why's that?" Sasami asked innocently.
	"I-" Nagi stopped. Other then the fact that Ryoko had always evaded her, 
and that pissed her off a great deal, she really didin't have any grudge against 
the pirate. She wasn't a law breaker any more, and the anger at her constant 
escapes had become more of a respect then a pet peeve, "I don't know..."
	"From the mouths of babes..." Hiro shook his head.
	"You think I'm a babe?" Sasami asked, blushing. 
	"Uh...." Hiro smiled weakly. Nagi nudged him in the ribs.
	"I thought you had a woman back home..." she cackled as Hiro sweat 
dropped.




	"It IS your move...." Washu prompted her Sister.
	Tokimi smiled, "I'm waiting for the right moment... you should learn to do 
so as well. There's no clock on our time is there?" 
	Washu fumed silently. This was becoming almost as boring as watching a bad 
soap opera. Only with no twisted plot lines. These guys really liked to keep 
things simple...
	"Well, a new day, and a new adventure..." Tokimi said, waving a hand over 
the pool. It was the next afternoon, and Washu saw Hiro and Nobuyuki sitting in 
the cockpit of the Lowrider. What was Tokimi up to now?



	"All systems check out green." Nobuyuki reported. 
	"Good. Washu?"
	"Yes Hiro?" 
	"We're ready."
	"Alright." A screen popped up and they saw the whole of the Masaki family 
standing there, plus Nagi, waving. 
	"Hey, we'll miss you guys!" Ryoko called.
	"Yes, it was a pleasure meeting you. We wish you a safe trip home!" 
	"Come back after you've defeated this Goddess of yours and stay for a 
little longer!" Tenchi called to them, "Oh, and Hiro?"
	Hiro leaned forward and pushed the com button, "Yeah Tenchi?"
	Tenchi took Ryoko and Ayeka's hand's in his and smiled as they both jumped 
from the feeling of his touch, "Thanks."
	"Any time, Tenchi. Any time." Hiro smiled warmly and looked over to Nagi, 
"And you behave yourself." 
	"Don't worry about me." Nagi smiled her bounty hunter smile, "I think I'll 
get on just fine around here." she put a hand on Ryoko's shoulder and the space 
pirate threw her a glance that told Hiro they had talked. He sat back and 
smiled.
	"Alright Washu. Hit it." 
	"Aye aye!" she said and punched the button marked, "IT!"
	The Lowrider lifted off the ground as a large portal opened above it. 
Hovering up into the portal, Hiro smiled at his new friends one last time. Then 
there was nothing but a purple glow around the ship and things started to shake. 
	"Warning," Lowrider intoned, "Unusual amounts of sub-dimensional counter-
flow detected. This may have adverse effects on the ship and it's crew."
	"What the hell does that mean?" Nobuyuki asked as he studied a read out. 
	"I have no idea..." Hiro braced himself as the shaking grew worse.
	


	"What are you doing?" Washu screamed as she watched the Lowrider get hit 
by a beam of violet light, "You cold destroy more then just the two dimensions 
involved her, Tokimi!" 
	"I'm very aware of that." the elder sister said calmly.
	"You bitch!" Washu shoved her. Actually shoved her away, "Screw this 
little game of yours!"
	"You know just as well as I that we can't get off this little island in 
the middle of nothing." the statement was quite accurate. Washu did know that 
they couldn't leave, and the little island they were on was literally in the 
middle of nothingness. The middle Goddess fumed. 
	"My move." she said suddenly.
	"Very well, but your last one." Tokimi shrugged. 
	Washu looked back at the pool. 



	"Hiro!" Hiro looked up as the voice in his head spoke, "Washu? What's 
happening?"
	"This is the Goddess Washu, Hiro, and let me tell you... nothing good!" 
Hiro laughed shortly.
	"Can you help?" he asked thin air. Nobuyuki prayed silently that Hiro 
hadn't lost his mind. He couldn't get them out of this himself...
	"I can tell you what to do. Nobuyuki?"
	"Yes Dear?" he responded on instinct before he knew what he was doing. He 
looked around, "Where are you?"
	"In your head. Now listen, you need to fly the ship straight at that 
little black ball at the end of the portal, okay?"      
	"I can do that, I think." the elder Masaki pointed the ship. 
	"Hiro, you can survive in very adverse conditions, such as a dimensional 
warp. You need to get outside the ship and use the power of the gem to counter 
Tokimi's power and push the beam of sub-dimensional counter-flow she's directed 
at you. Can you do that?"
	"Let's hope so." Hiro looked at Nobuyuki, "Hey, if I don't make it, you 
have to get the gem from me... even if it means chopping off my hand. You got 
it?" Nobuyuki nodded gravely, "And... if I don't come back... tell Ryoko I love 
her."
	"I will. But we don't have to worry, because you are coming back." 
Nobuyuki squeezed his arm, "You'll do great. Good luck."
	"You too." Hiro smiled at him, then vanished. 
	Nobuyuki looked down the tube of light at the black spot, "Alright you 
Tokimi whore!" he yelled, "Do your worst, 'cause I'm gonna' ram this ship right 
down your Goddamn throat when I get my hands on you!" He punched the thrusters.
	


	Hiro appeared in the whirling storm of energy and force. He saw the violet 
beam that engulfed the ship and flew right into it. It hurt. Gods it hurt, but 
he kept going.
	"Ryoko...." he growled, "Ryoko I will come back to you!" he shoved his 
arms out to his sides and screamed, "I've come to far to be stopped now!" and 
powered up. 
	All the way. 
	The blast tossed the Lowrider out of the beam like it was a tin can and 
parted the purple energy, causing a pause in the violent storm about him. Then 
the beam crashed back, stronger, and he pushed at his power limit. He could feel 
his body starting to lose form and shape. The end of the portal was so near...
	A face drifted across his vision. A laughing face of an exotic woman. His 
anger flared. 
	"Tokimi," he said, softly and deadly, "I'll see you become Nothing." and 
let go of his power. 
	No longer trying to control it, Hiro felt the energy rip out from him, and 
then there was a blast of green behind his eyes. He saw Washu smile in his minds 
eye, then he knew no more.



	Nobuyuki pulled his head up from the controls and looked about. Blood 
trickled down the side of his head, still fresh. He must not have been out for 
long. 
	"Damage report?" he asked the ship.
	"All systems are functioning normally. Six percent of the hull was 
stripped away in an even amount all over the ship."
	"That's impressive." Nobuyuki checked the damage, and found that the hull 
could still withstand the force of a few nukes at least. He'd have it repaired 
fully when he got to a planet or something. 
	Where was he any way? He checked a few star maps and then told Lowrider, 
"Pinpoint location and time." 
	"We are currently adrift in deep space two hundred trillion kilometers 
outside the Zeta 7 Sector. Nearest repair facility is 29 hours and 47 minutes 
away. The Earth time is-" there was a pause, "1900 hours exactly, April 15th, 
2010."
	Nobuyuki's face paled. It had been 1998 when the left. Twelve years had 
passed. 
	"Lowrider..." he said, suddenly feeling dizzy from his head wound, "Plot 
course to the nearest inhabited planet, and wake me up four hours out."
	"Aye Sir." the ship responded. Nobuyuki stood up and looked over at the 
Captain's seat. He started.
	"One more thing." 
	"Yes?"
	"Scan for Hiro. If you find him, wake me up instantly." the ship responded 
and he left the bridge for the medical ward. He needed to be in good shape if he 
wanted to find his family. Hiro had made it through. He knew he had.
	He refused to believe otherwise.     



Ending Notes: Well, that took me forever to finish. Things should pick up after 
this one though, so expect much more drama, much more action, and of course, 
much more comedy in the next few chapters. As always questions, comments, and 
all other remarks may be sent to Japhith@Juno.com. Have fun, and if this 
confused the crap out of you, read the other instalments, including What Happens 
Next? Which was the first part of this story. Have fun kids.
-Jake

	  



	    


	 



	
