and we will destroy the like of you.

i will take Tiamat said Ryoko

very well Ryoko then i will take Yuri,cuz i am the smartest,replied washu.

uh i guess that leave me with lucraciana.cried Mihoshi

good luck to all of you my family i am gonna take Trista.said tenchi

                      Tiamat Vs Ryoko

the great battle betwenn the two warriors was cruciel.Ryoko slashed Tiamat
but
barely and he sliced her in the thigh.

aaaaaaah scremed Ryoko.

woman you are no match for me give up i can see that your allready getting
weaker.said Tiamat.

aaah.both enegry swords clashed and Ryoko said do you actually think i am
gonna give up you are out you dam mind,cuz i dont care how strong you are i
am
gonna kick you ass.replied Ryoko.

Tiamat was supriesed by Ryokos onslaught and he got sliced right in the arm
and stomach.

ahh Ryoko you are very good,better than what i orignally thought but as you
already know i aint gona give up with out a fight.said Tiamat.

the two warriors kept on fighting each blocking and attacking each
other.this
battle was quiwt equalled.Tiamat attacked Ryoko and missed and Ryoko slashed
him right on the back,legs,and arms before he could even turn around.

aahhhh you bitch screamed Tiamat,take this.

Tiamat had fired a energy beam straight at ryoko who was flying in the air
and
did not see it and was struck and hit the floor hard.

Tiamat walked slowy at ryoko who looked knocked out to him.

time to die woman tiamat said as he raised his energy sword to kill ryoko.
he would have succeded if ryoko was knocked out but she wasnt and she ran
her
energy sword right threw him.

you idiot replied i cant believe you fell for that.replied Ryoko

man washu is fighting Yuri


                       Yuri Vs Washu


the great battle battle between the smartest people in the universe was not
pretty.weapons of mass destruction were in play.but they botyh agreed to
make
a dome for there private battle cuz thed destroy the hole ship.that was the
only time that they both agreed on somethin.in side the dome it was
HELL!bombs,lasers,cannons you name it and it was used by the two.whole
planets
would have been destroyed if they haddent put up the dome.

take this you over egotistical bitch screamed Yuri

as she created a super criogenic freezeing death ray and shot it at her.it
was
to no avail.to the fact washi had created a super uncriogenic flamieng life
ray.

what ever you can do i can do better than you Yuri.replied washu.

this was a battle that both genuis could not figure out in there life to
win.then it came to washu.she dosent have the ability to use and energy
sword
but i do.just then Yuri created another weapon.

take this WASHU!,it my new weapon the X bomb take this.

as Yuri Threw the X bomb washu created her version of a bomb and called it
the
Z bomb.both bombs collided and sent each genius back.both got up.and started
building other weapons.Yuri built a “death star” and shot it and struck
the
dome.washu on the other hand buit the good ol fashion human cannon and she
got
in the cannon and fired it.washu was sent flying right at Yuri was caught og
guard and was struck right in the chest and was hit hard and went ot the
floor.

yuri got up haveing a hard time breathing and made a katana adn started
attackin washu.

very good Yuri that a good choice of weapon but i have something better.said
washu

Yuri was brought her blade down on washu when washu creat he energy sword
and
completley dicentigreted it.now now Yuri dont runway mad just run away.said
washu in a joyess tone.Yuri threw a standered net grenade.and caught washu.

it is eye who one washu now die Yuri said as she brought new katana out and
sliced the net by accident which made washu free.

a pittful mistake and was just ended Yuris life bye stabing her right in the
heart.

you truely were smart Yuri but you didt have the skill of fighting with it
that was your flaw.good bye Yuri.

just then ryoko came to washu.

hey mom i see you made it.

and i see you did to my daughter,but where is mihoshi.uh she is right there
trying to hit Lucraciana with her gun.

look there she goes replied washu

                        Lucracina Vs Mihoshi

this fight was certainly intreasting fight.one with incdible speed and one
with incredible nothiness in her mind that is.Lucraciana was just to fast
for
mihoshi.every time mihoshi would fire her pistol she would hit something
else.then Mihoshe remembered the new gune that she got from the galaxy
police.it was there new AK9000 SERIS.mihoshi picled up the gun and fire at
Lucraciana but to no avail she was still just to fast

you are under arrest put you hands behind your head and give up said
Mihoshi.

yeah right you have got to be kidding me you you bubble head,you cant even
hit
meand you want me to give up you must be jokeing! replied Lucraciana.

mihoshi go tmad and fired a barage of bullits in all directions and she hit
Lucraciana.

ah i cant believe that i was hit bye you,hey look thres Ben stiller.yelled
Lucraciana.

where?asked Mihoshi just then mihoshit was punched right in the face by
lucraciana.

ahhh that hurt why did you go and do that for.

are you that dumb you air head i am a crimanal and i am supposed to not get
arrested so of course i am gonna hit you you idiot.

stop calling me that i am not an idiot!yelled Mihoshi i may not be the
smartest person in the world but i am smart enough to kick you ass you slut!
just then mihoshi shot at Lucraciana and hit her 9 more times.

i commend you mihoshi but do you have the heart to kill me well do you.asked
Lucracina.

i..i dont know but if i am forced to i guess i will have to.replied Mihoshi

just then Lucracina was moveing at incredible speed.so fast it seem like she
dissapeared.

wow that was cool Lucraciana do it again.asked Mihoshi

i cant believe i am fighting this girl.sighed Lucraciana.

Mihoshi prepare to die,cu i am sick and i tired of this pathetic fight and i
am tired of YOU!

just then Lucraciana pushed Mihoshi to the floor and was getting ready to go
punch Mihoshi but she ran and Lucracina punched the floor.but it wasnt the
floor that she punched the AK9000 Seris selfdestruct button and
Lucraciana.she
looked at Mihoshi and said nothin but an air head and she died bye the guns
explosion.

just then Mihoshi ran in to Ryoko and Washu.

i see you all beat your advisarys.asked Mishoshi

yeah we all did,and i see that you did to.hey sin when do you use bigs word
like advisary?asked washu

huh what do you mean washu.whats that mean replied mihoshi.

uh never mind lets go and fine tenchi.

ryoko you coming?

of course i am,let me just get a breather cuz i had a hard time.

yeah well all did.replied washu.

ok lets go.said ryoko.

as the a daring trio finally saw tenchi there.

Ryoko,Mihoshi,and Washu i you all made it.asked tenchi

tenchi what happend i thought you were gonna get Trista?asked ryoko

i am its just i got lost.replied tenchi lets go and find her.said ryoko.

the four some finnaly reach Tristas room.

i am suprised that all of you survived. no matter i will take on all of
you.said Trista

no Trista its just you and me,you want Masamune then come and get it.replied
tenchi

very well Tenchi i will enjoy killing you and taking Masamune for
myself,prepare yourself boy.yelled Trista

                      Trista Vs Tenchi

the great battle had started Tenchi holding the one thing that Trista wanted
most,Masamune this was the thing that she wanted most.Trista was holding and
energy sword which was quiet impressive.th great battle had started with
Trista going on the attacked.tenchi was suprosed that Trista was so
strong.she
allmost knocked Masamune out of his hands.Trista kept on the attack never
letting off she had hit tenchio twice one the arm and one in the thigh.but
theh battle was still the same.

ahh tenchi you are quiet good i can see why Zanon had i hard fighting
you.but
it dosent matter i will prevail.just then Trista slashed tenchi right in the
stomach.

no kaniveing little bitch ahhh i cant take anymore of this Trista i am gonna
stop you.

just then Masamunes power lit up and the Power of the Dragone hearts wing
appeared.the seven magnificent wings appeard on Tenchis back.

woah look at you,yo uhave the Dragon hearts wings and Masamune.i am not
scared.come on boy lets see what you got.

the great battle ensued this time Tenchi was the one over powering
Trista.she
was now on the defensive guarding evey blow tenchi attacked.Trista was going
to lose this battle if this kept on going like this.

very good tenchi.heavily breathy deadly beauty Trista.but is that all you
got,is that how strong you can make the Dragon hearts wings become,well its
time for you to know a little secret.i have not showed you my true power and
quiet frankly i didnt think i would have to but you proved me wrong.i comend
you now it time to show you my true abilitys.

just thrn a blueish aura surronded Trista.everyone could feel her true
power.a
power which was unheard of.

Tenchi its time to show you my true power behold.with a giant explosion
Trista
had changed in which she called herself a different name.

TENCHI ARE YOU SCARED NOW ARE YOU SCRED OF MY POWER,WELL YOU BETTER BE FOR I
AM SHIN TRISTA,NOW DIE!

                    Shin Trista Vs tenchi

the battle was no where near over Shin Tristas power was unbeliaveable,her
power would scare the mightest of men.very few people had ever made her
change
into her true form.tenchi felt weaker but barely,he realized that he might
actually lose this fight.

it over Tenchi you cant win a am supreme and you are not,i am gonna feast on
your soul,and then i am gonna kill you friends for the fun of it.said Shin
Trista.

no i wont let you,i dont care how stronger you are i am gonna beat
you,because
you are not worthy!.replied tenchi yelling

do you think because you he the Dragon hearts wings and Masamune i am
scared,you must be jokeing you dont know how much power you posses,the
Dragon
hearts wings get there power from everthing and you dont seem to care why is
that.said Shin Trista.

because unlike you i dont need power to be happy i have my friend and my
family and i am not going to let you take them away,they all have a right to
life even you!replied tenchi

just guve me Masamune and this will be over as she sleshed tenchi but it was
guarded by one of the Dragon hearts wings.

why why does this sword intrest you so much,what does sword do that makes
you
want it so much.please Shin Trista tell me.

that sword,The Power Of Masamune has the power of EVERTHING.it knows all and
can do all,thats why i want it.

i am sorry Shin Trista but i can let you have the sword.look at you,your
completly crazy.
