The Power One Has

Standard disclaimer: Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo and other characters 
related to the series, I do not own these characters nor do I have 
permission to use these characters so if this story offends you in 
anyway please contact me at ironwolf_tenchi@hotmail.com 

{Translation}
<Internal thought>

Chapter #1: NO NEED FOR INTRODUCTIONS

"Wow.What a beautiful forest" I said aloud as I hike up an unbeaten 
path toward the peak of the mountain located somewhere outside of 
Oakanowa. I had been backpacking through Japan for about a year now and 
I had never seen such beautiful scenery and I thought it couldn't get 
any better, that is until I reached the top. 

 As I stood atop the mountain, I looked down the other side and 
saw a sight that took my breath away, there was a sizable lake at the 
bottom of the mountain. Next to the lake was a house that was quite 
large compared to many of the houses that I've seen in Japan.  Running 
along side the house was a long stone path that led to a well-kept 
shrine.

Remembering that I was running low on rations, I thought that 
maybe the residence of the house could tell me where I could get some 
supplies, I decided against it believing that it would be rude.  
Instead I decided to ask the shrine keeper first so as not to bother 
the occupants of the house.

As I started my walk down the hill towards the shrine I began to 
admire the beauty of the trees and shrubs. As I looked at the greenery 
I noticed an old man meditating in the middle of an opening of trees.  
He looked quite old. By the fashion he was dressed he appeared to be 
the Shrine's Priest, so I started my descent down the mountain in the 
man's general direction.

  As I was came within about two hundred yards from the old man, 
I saw a figure moving in the shadows of the trees just behind the old 
priest, whether this person was friend or foe I did not know.  As the 
figure crept from the trees, I noticed that he was obviously trying not 
to be detected by the old man, I looked harder, squinting my eyes as I 
did, I saw that he carried what resembled to be a wooden sword in his 
hand.

I came even closer, my speed now increasing to a moderate jog, I 
saw that the figure that crept behind the old Priest was a young man 
about my age with short black hair and a small que at the base of his 
skull.  He raised his wooden sword above his head as he approached the 
old man from behind who still appeared to be unaware of the young man 
approaching behind him.  With out missing a beat I remove my pack and 
dump it on the ground, my jog now an all out sprint, I break through 
the brush and into the opening.  Just as the young man begins to bring 
down the wooden sword I lunge and tackle him to the ground. After a 
short struggle, I force him on his stomach while bringing his right arm 
behind his back then up toward his head, at the same time placing my 
knee in his mid-back and quickly applied pressure.

 Still caught up in the excitement of the events, I was 
completely caught off guard when I heard the old man laughing 
hysterically.  Looking at him like a Puppy trying to solve an Algebraic 
equation, I ask him "what's so funny?" pausing for a moment as I 
searched for words "this guy just tried to kill you!"  I said with as 
much sereneness in my voice I could muster.  

A short time later the old man seemed to subside his laughter 
then cleared his throat.  "I am sorry about that you'll have to let me 
explain, that is my grandson, Tenchi" my jaw drops at these words. The 
way he spoke was just short of perfect English.  

After a short period of silence I spoke up again "If he's your 
grandson then why was he trying to hit you with that Stick?" the old 
man chuckled. "That STICK is called a bokken, it's a wooden sword used 
when practicing, and to answer your question he's not trying to kill, 
just trying to get back at me for attacking him when he came to wake me 
a while back." It took me some time to take all this new info in. Then 
I remembered the old mans grandson, as quickly as I could I released 
him from the hold and stood, bringing him up with me as I did.

 Using my hand, I tried to brush as much foliage and soil from 
him as I could while he stared at me with a confused look on his face. 
"I'm very sorry,." I said as I removed the remaining debri from his 
clothes. ".are you Okay?" I asked

"I am fine thank you" he answered in English but not nearly as 
impressive as his grandfather had.

"Man am I glad to hear that, uhhh.Tenchi isn't it?"

"Yes, my name is Tenchi, may I ask your name?" asked Tenchi

"Yes my name's." before I could finish a beautiful young woman 
suddenly appeared out of thin air right at Tenchi's side. 

"Are you Okay Tenchi, I thought I heard you in pain I came as 
soon as I could." The young women said this in Japanese and very fast 
making it impossible for me to understand because I didn't understand 
much Japanese.  But what caught my interest wasn't what she said nor 
was it her oddly cyan colored hair, it was the fact that she had 
appeared from no where.

"She just. uhh. I mean How'd she.uhh. what just happened?" I 
stuttered with a most confused look on my face as the young lady turned 
and starred at me as I did her.

"Well Tenchi it looks like we have some explaining to do for this 
young man" said the old man to Tenchi also in Japanese. Then he turned 
to me and said in English so I could understand. "Come with me please 
and I will explain" he then turned back to Tenchi and again in Japanese 
says "Tenchi, please retrieve this young man's things and take them to 
the house" 

"Hai" says Tenchi as he started up the mountain from the 
direction that I had come.  The woman followed after Tenchi still 
looking at me quizzically and I at her as I followed the old man.

"My name is Katsuhito, I am the Priest of this Shinto Shrine" said the 
old man as we walked towards the lake.

"It's nice to meet you Mr. Katsuhito, I mean uhh." I pondered a moment 
as i searched through what Japanese I did know  "Hajimemashite. Dozo 
yoroshiku. Katsuhito-san." 

"Ahh so you do understand Japanese" said Katsuhito 

"Japanese o sukoshi dake hanashimasu." {I speak a little Japanese} I 
said in a monotone style as if I was reading from a book.

"Well it sounds like I know more English than you do Japanese so we'll 
just continue our conversation in English for now"

"Thanks, but who was that young lady who appeared out of the air like 
than, why was I the only one to find this a bit odd and what do you 
mean by "for now"?"

"All those answers will come in time but first I have a question for 
you?"

"Sure"

"What is your name?" he asked

"Well, my name's. John Smith" I lied through my teeth

"It is nice to meet you, John" said Katsuhito empathizing on the "John"

	After hearing him linger on the word "John" I began felling 
guilty and ashamed for lying to Katsuhito about my name after he had 
just been so polite to me, but I was just trying to be cautious. After 
all I had just gone through some pretty weird stuff, which reminded me.

"Now that I've answered your question would you mind answering mine" I 
asked trying not to sound threatening or angry.

"Her name is Ryoko"

Trying to sound as patient as possible I replied with "Thank you, 
but her name isn't what I asked"

"I am afraid I cannot tell you how she does it. But there are two 
people who do know, one being Ryoko and I do not believe she 
understands any English at all."

"And the second being?"  I asked rather confused

"And the second being Washu"

	"Washu?"

	"She is Ryoko's mother"

	We reached the house and Katsuhito slid open the door and took 
off his shoes and asked me to do the same "Dozo ohairi kudasai" 
{Please, come in/have a seat}.  After I had removed my shoes Katsuhito 
handed me a pair of house slippers, which were rather small for me so I 
just let my heels hang out the back.  He then led me to what looked 
like the dinning room and asked me to sit at the table while he went to 
the kitchen to retrieve some tea for us.  As he entered the kitchen and 
I scooted myself under the able, a young girl entered the room. She had 
red hair that was longer that she was tall and had a pair of very 
beautiful green eyes. As she entered I greeted her "Konnichi wa" {good 
afternoon}I said trying to be as polite as possible.

	She responded by smiling and speaking very fast in Japanese then 
bowing.

	"Sorry, you'll have to excuse me but I don't speak much Japanese" 
I said, feeling very embarrassed.

	She looked at me and smiled "No need to be sorry"

	Surprised that such a young girl could speak English I commented 
"I am very impressed that such a young girl, such as yourself could 
speak such good English"

	"Well I AM the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe" she 
responded very proudly

	Thinking that she was joking I simply smiled "Well it's nice to 
meet someone as smart as you" I said with a slight chuckle in my voice, 
"May I ask your name?"

	Before the young girl could answer my question, Katsuhito entered 
the room carrying a tray with a kettle and two upturned shallow 
teacups.

"Aww. I see you've meet Washu"

"Washu? You mean Ryoko's mother?"

"The one and only" replied the little girl

"But you can't be her mother, you're so young" I noted 

"Well I am little" She commented proudly as she tilted her head to the 
side and placed a finger tip against her cheek 

"Now I'm really confused" I stated as I scratched the side of my head 
in thought 

Just then Tenchi and Ryoko enter the house, Tenchi stopping, drooped my 
stuff by the door and remove his shoes as Ryoko floated over to the 
table.  

I quickly stood as she approached, my eyes starred at her feet, which 
were levitated about six inches above the ground.

"How in the world." I stammered in a low soft voice.

"Before we go on an further in our explanations lets introduce 
ourselves to our new guess" recommended Katsuhito

"That's not necessary, I would just like to know where I could get some 
supplies?" Things were now getting too strange for me and I needed to 
get out of there before I got in way over my head.

"It's late, why don't you stay with us tonight." recommended Katsuhito

"No, no I couldn't impose on you like that" 

"I insist, it's the least I could do for someone who looks out for the 
wellbeing of other" said Katsuhito, referring to the event's that had 
happened earlier

"Umm.Okay, if you insist" I said unsure if I really wonted to, normally 
I would of continued declining the offer but it had been some time 
since the last time I slept indoors, while hiking I slept in a sleeping 
bag on the ground.

After I had given my answer, two girls descended from the stairs, each 
dressed in very elegant kimos.  The first girl looked to be about the 
same age as Washu, she had silky blue hair, which parted into two long 
ponytails, the second girl looked to be about the same age as Ryoko.

When they reached the bottom of the stairs they both spotted me, the 
first girl gave me a warm comforting smile, which made me feel welcomed 
and much more at ease. The older girl, on the other hand looked at me 
as if judging me on the spot, making an opposite affect on me, than the 
younger one's smile had done.
As they approached Katsuhito gestured his hand, palm up, towards the 
younger girl, "This is Sasami." hearing her name the young girl bowed, 
I then bowed to her.  Katsuhito then shifted his hand to the second 
girl ".and this is Ayeka" at this the older girl bowed her head as I 
bowed.

"Hajimemashite. Dozo yoroshiku" said Sasami 

(In Japanese)- "I'm afraid he doesn't know much Japanese Sasami" 
Katsuhito said to the little girl

"A problem easily solved" Washu said as she brought her hands out in 
front of her, suddenly what looks like a transparent laptop appears at 
her fingertips as she begins to type away on it.  After a moment she 
looks up at me and presses a final key, the second she stroked that 
last key my head suddenly felt as if it was going to burst, I 
reflexively clutch my head with both hand and drop to my knees.

Sasami steps forward when she realizes that I am in pain, "Are you 
okay" she asked in Japanese as she kneels down next to me.

"Ya, I think so," I answered

"What happened?" asked Sasami still speaking Japanese and looking very 
concerned. 

"I don't know, it was like my head was. wait a minute" I finally 
realized that I could understand everything she was saying.

"Well then it works" Wahsu said 

"Now what works?" I asked

"My microbe-translator-implant'

"Your what?"

"It's a super micro chip which is now implanted in your head"

"What?!!"

"Washu, how could you be so rude" scolded Sasami as she helped me to my 
feet.

"I feel light headed" 

"A side effect that will pass shortly" Washu said as she walk up to me

<Man. now I'm really over my head> I thought to myself as Washu circled 
me.

"Umm excuse me but would you mind explaining to me why that thing is in 
my head"

"As I said it's a translator chip, it allows you to understand and 
speak Japanese" she said as she completed her circle.

"Well how will I be able to speak Japanese" I asked

"Just like you are now" she said looking at me like with a friendly 
smirk.

"You mean I'm speaking Japanese right now?"

"Yes, the chip just makes you think your speaking in English"

"Well then how do I speak in English again?"

"When you have the desire to speak in English the chip will 
automatically allow you to speak in English"

"Well I guess I should thank you." I offered

"There's not need to thank me, but there is a favor I wish you could do 
for me"

"Sure"

"Just come to my lab later so I can run some test"

"Test!?"

"I don't think that would be wise." I heard Tenchi say as he walked 
over and stood at my side, he then whispered in my ear ".trust me I 
know from experience"

"I'll take your word for it"

I then turned to the little girl who had helped me off the ground 
"Thank you" I said gratefully as I bowed to her once more, as I came 
back up, I looked at her face, her face reminded me of someone. When I 
realized who she reminded me of, I quickly diverted my eyes and tried 
to fight back painful memories.

Unknown to me, Washu had witnessed my actions with great interest.

"Well it's a pleasure to meet you all" I said trying to get my mind on 
another subjects

"I don't believe we caught your name" Ryoko pointed out I somewhat of a 
hostile manner

"Ryoko!" scolded Tenchi

"My name is John. John Smith" again I lied, feeling even guiltier than 
the time before

"It's very nice to meet you John" said Sasami in a very kindly. "Would 
you like to stay dinner?" She asked

"um. sure, if it's all right with everyone else" I asked nervously

"It would be an honor if ate dinner with us" said Katsuhito

I suddenly began to feel rather ashamed and embarrassed when I saw that 
Ryoko and Ayeka looking at me and muttering to each other, bits and 
pieces of the conversation catching my ear such as "He looks fifthly." 
and "When was the last time he shaved."
Hearing these words, I looked down at myself and realized that I hadn't 
bathed properly in quite some time because of my packing through the 
mountains.

I turned to Tenchi "Is there a rest room I could wash up in"

"Sure just follow me" he answered. I grabbed my bag as he lead me up 
the stairs and down a hallway, stopping in front of a door. "If you 
need anything else just ask?" he offered. I walked in and caught a 
glimpse of myself in the mirror, I then quickly spun around and asked 
"Do you have a razor I could use?".  

"Sure, theirs extras under the sink"

"Thanks"

I closed the door and locked it, I turned toward the mirror again and 
looked at myself, I then saw what brought on the comments by the two 
girls.  I was a young American about 17 years old with untidy dark 
brown hair, I stood at about 6 feet tall with dark blue eyes, I 
apparently needed a good shave and a change of clothes.

I then undressed and grabbed a towel from the rail and wrapped it 
around my waist rolling the top down to hold it in place. I then looked 
in the cabinet, and found the razor and some shaving cream, after I 
finished shaving I was looking forward to a nice hot shower, but being 
in Japan they only had a tub. So after a short soak and wash I dried 
myself and grabbed my pack and placed it on the counter. I then grabbed 
my dirty clothes and shoved them into a compartment of my pack and 
zipped it, I then reached into a different compartment, in which I 
removed a stack of clean clothes.

Minutes later I walked down the stairs. When I stood at the bottom of 
the stair I looked at the dinning room table. I saw Ayeka and Ryoko 
sitting on either side of Tenchi with their backs turned towards the 
stairs, at the head of the table sat Katsuhito and sitting across from 
him was another man who I had not yet met. Sitting across from Ryoko 
was Washu who had two empty cushions to her left. <Apparently one for 
Sasami and the other for me>

As I started my walk towards the table, Sasami exited the kitchen on 
the other side of the table, carrying a pot of rice with what looked 
like a rabbit on her head, she stopped when she saw me.  "SEE, I told 
you he'd clean up nice" she said with a cute smile and a look of, I 
told you so, on her face.

At this Ryoko and Ayeka turned around to she what she was talking 
about, when they saw me their jaws dropped. My hair had been combed 
neatly and I had a clean shave,
 I was clad in pair of tan cargo pants with a black belt and a tight 
fitting black T-shirt, which I wore just for the reason of showing off 
my muscular yet slim form.  <Which is quite impressive for my age> 

"So this must be John" said the man "Katsuhito was telling me about 
what you did today." his eyes wondered to Tenchi and then back to me 
"My name is Nobuyuki, I'm Tenchi's father"

"It's an honor to meet you Mr. Nobuyuki" I said as I bowed

Sasami took her seat across from Ayeka. So I sat between her and Washu. 
During the meal not much conversation came up except for my 
complementing on the food (which was very delicious) that Sasami had 
prepared. Towards the end of the meal though I was bombarded with 
questions.

"So how long have you been backpacking through Japan?" asked Tenchi

"Almost a year"

"About how far have you traveled" asked Katsuhito

"From about the north shore line of Japan to Tokyo then to hear"

"Wow, you must have seen a lot of beautiful places?"

"Yes, I did but none of them where as beautiful this places looks from 
the top of mountain above the shrine"

"Yes, you are correct about that" cooed Ayeka as she snuggled next to 
Tenchi, reliving her memories of hear and Tenchi atop the mountain 
overseeing the Shrine.

"May I ask what brought on your decision to start your trip across 
Japan" asked Washu

At this question I froze and began to sweet "Well uh." I tried to think 
up an excuse on why I was backpacking through Japan (not wanting to 
give the real reason why).

Katsuhito saw my unease and interrupted with a loud yawn. "It's late, I 
think that it's best time to start heading for bed, Tenchi could you 
retrieve a futon and quilt for John" at this everyone started to 
disperse.

Katsuhito left for the shrine, Nobuyuki went up to his room, as did 
Ayeka. Ryoko surprised me again by this time floating straight up and 
through the ceiling. Washu went to what looked like a broom closet 
under the staircase, opened the door and entered, I found that to be 
rather odd as well. Tenchi went to retrieve the futon and quilt as he 
was instructed and Sasami started to clean off the table.

"Do you mind if I help" I offered

"Are you sure?" she question

"Please, it's the least I could do to thank you for such a lovely meal"

"You mean it, you really liked it?"

"Are you kidding, of course, it was the best I ever had"

"Thank you" she said while blushing
 
As I helped Sasami clean the kitchen, I saw that the rabbit thing was 
still on her head  "That's a neat little rabbit you have there" I 
commented

"She's not a rabbit silly" said Sasami with a childish giggle "Ryo-Oki 
is a cabbit"

"Well then, it's nice to meet you Ryo-Oki"

"Meyaa" Ryo-Oki greeted kindly

"Hey, you think she understands what I'm saying?"

"Of course she can, she's very smart" said Sasami proudly

We carried some dishes into the kitchen as we carried on the 
conversation

"So can she do any tricks?" I asked

With that, the cabbit hoped off her head and with a loud "POP" she 
changed her form into that of a cute yet hairy little girl.  She stood 
in front of me as my jaw dropped, she began to sing/meyaa the song 
Twinkle Little Star.  When she finished my mouth was still wide open 
and I remained motionless, when she saw my reaction she began to 
whimper. Not sure what I had done to make her cry, I looked to Sasami, 
when Sasami saw my confused expression she began to clap, following her 
example I started clapping and complemented Ryo-Ohki with "That was a 
great trick". 

When Ryo-Oki saw that I had enjoyed her song she ran over and wrapped 
her arms around my waist, still in shock I stood there frozen.  After a 
moment, Ryo-Oki ran to Sasami with her arms out to her sides like wings 
and she proceeded to run circles around Sasami, suddenly stopping and 
with another loud "POP" she jumped back onto Sasami's head in cabbit 
form.  Sitting up tall on Sasami's head, Ryo-Oki let out a loud "Meyaa" 
as if to say thanks. Sasami giggled.

As I helped with the rest of the kitchen, Tenchi returned with a futon 
and quilt.  

"I hope this is alright" asked Tenchi

"Trust me, It's a million times better than sleeping on the ground" I 
said with a slight bit of sarcasm

"Ya, I guess you're right about that" he said as we both chuckled

"Well thanks for the futon and all your hospitality, you and your 
family are very generous and kind, I am sorry if I've been any 
inconvenience"

"It's no problem, I guess we have a thing about taking in people" he 
said with a grin

As Tenchi and I talked, Sasami started off to bed, stopping at the 
bottom of the stairs.

"Good night Tenchi, Good night John"

"Good night Sasami" said Tenchi 

"Sweet dreams" I added

She then continued up the stairs to her room.

"She's really something" I commented

"She sure is, if it weren't for her we'd probably be eating instant 
noodles every night" Tenchi chuckled

"Hey uhh. Tenchi," I started

"Yes"

"Do you think I could ask you a question"

"Sure"

Taking a deep breath, I said, "What in the world is with everyone in 
your house? I mean you have a little rabbit thing that can transform 
into a human, a girl who can fly and go through walls, has a mother who 
looks about 11 and lives in a closet AND has placed a chip in my head 
without even touching me."

Tenchi, taken back by my sudden outburst, stammered backwards.

"Sorry," I said after I caught my breath, "I didn't mean to yell at 
you, it's just that these are pretty abnormal things" 

Tenchi stepped forward and placed a hand on my shoulder. "Ya, I guess 
your right, now that I think of it, all this stuff is pretty weird, I 
guess I've just gotten used to them."

"Sorry again that I lashed out at you like that, but do you think you 
could fill me in a little" I asked, unsure if I really wonted to know.

"Sure, but could it wait till morning it's a long story and I'm kinda 
tired" He said drowsily 

"Ya, sure I guess" 

"Well I'll see you tomorrow morning" said Tenchi "Good night" he said 
as he walked up the stairs

"Good night" I said as I laid out the futon and spread the quilt out on 
it. I then undressed down to my boxers, got underneath the quilt, and 
said softly to myself "Tomorrows going to be a long day" as I closed my 
eye's and drifted off to slept


Well? What'cha think?  Sorry if any parts seem like they didn't have 
enough detail or story line, but I'm just trying to set a starting 
point, I promise the next chapter will be better and I'll try to finish 
it ASP. 

P.S. 
   I would like to know what you think about "John"?  Although it's not 
his real name it's the only one you know him by so far, and if you have 
an idea on what you wish his name to be please E-mail me. The next 
chapter will be mostly dedicated to his past and what made him start 
his trip. I promise it'll be a real good chapter, titled NO NEED FOR 
MEMORIES 
