their battle was still the same both equal or so it seems.tenchi word ment
nothing to Shin Trista.now tenchi dosent have any other choice but to do
what
he didnt want to do,he was forced to go and try to take her life,but tenchi
didnt want to take her life,she deserved to live like anyone else,but this
was
ridiclous she jus wasnt listening to reason.there was nothin left then to
kill
her.

                       Shin Trista Vs Tenchi
                             Part 2

fell my power boy and cower before me.yelled Shin Trista.

Shin Trista please stop this is ludicrus,you dont need to go after this
sword.it has done nothin to you except pain and anger,please stop.

no tenchi i haved searched for this sword for many years and i am not about
to
go and give it up righ her and right no,so you might as well stop talking
and
give me the sword.yell Shin Trista.

the battle was goin crazy tenchi rememberd thta he could throw energy beam
at
her.the battle with the models did help.tenchi started to throw energy ball
at
Shin Trista but avast sh ewas tp fast and she struck him right in the
shoulder.tenchi pushed her of and regained his stance.

Shin Trista i am sick and tired of these fin and game it is time to end this
now!,i didnt want to do this but you leave me no choice.yelled tenchi

come on kid show me what you got,show me The Power Of Masamune,show its
potentional so when i have it i will be prepared,come on hit me with your
best
shot,or dont tell me you wont try and kill me cuz i am a..a girl.replied
Shin
Trista.

i Tenchi Masaki call on The Power Of Masamune and The Power Of The Dragon
Hearts Wings to rid this beig from the face of the universe.yelled tenchi.

with that said and concentrated the great power surronded tenchi with a
orange
aura which was completly pure and strong.

Shin Trista this is you last warning please stop this none sense, i dont
want
to have to kill you but you are leaveing me no choice.yelled tenchi

come on boy you know i am not gonna give up just hit me with your best
shot,because i am not afraid of death so just hit me already.yelled Shin
Trista.

i didnt want to do this bu ti guess i have no choice.with that said tenchi
fired the energy beam straight at Shin Trista.i giant explosion was heard
and
piles of smoke were in the abyss.

i didnt i killed her,i wish i didnt kill her but i didnt have achoice.tenchi
said talkin to himself out loud

wrong boy i am not dead,said Shin Trista in pain.this is it th final
battle,no
more fun and games,this is it,yelled Shin Trista


                   Shin Trista VS Tenchi
                          Part 3

the battle was coming to a close.Shin Trista took the hole beam and is still
alive.though severly weakened she wont give up.she truely wants this
sword.ince again they were fencing each other for a while,tenchi got the
upper
hand and punched her right in the face.

ahhh tenchi so i see you hits girls,haha like i care come here fool,just
then
tenchi punched her again.wow arent we resourcefull.

Shin Trista flew into the air concentrateing and made a beam.this beam had
HATERD,EVIL,DESPERATION,SPITE,GENOCIDE,AND TENCHI written all over it,Shin
Trista fird the beam and it went staright after him,tenchi saw the beam and
blocked it with the Dragonm hearts wings.he was severly weakened.

you have lost tenchi not give me the sword now!yelled Shin Trista.

never i will never give the sword to a dumb little bitch like you.replied
tenchi.

why you.Shin trista slaped him in the face sending him three feet away.

Shin Trista picked up tenchi with one arm lifteing him of the floor.whhat do
you have to say for yourself boy,huh well what do you have to say,everythin
you diashed out i took and now what,what can you do now to hurt me.what do
you
have to sayfor yourself no huh.

Shin Trista droped him and kicked him next to his family who was wacthin the
whole time.

Shin Trista you are stringer than me even with the Dragone hearts wing and
Masamune,but you are not stronger then the dragon hearts
wing,Masamune,me,and
my FAMILY,sinice i cant beat you alone it looks like my famile will beat
you,is everyone ready said tenchi

ya damn right Tenchi i cant let you die i love you to much.replied ryoko

i agree tenchi we all love you and we will allways be there for you just
like
now.said washu

yeah tenchi lets go teach her a lesson she wont ever forget.said mihoshi

hmm so four againt one huh.this is goin to be intresting.



                    Shin Trista Vs  Tenchi
                                    Ryoko
                                    Washu
                                    Mihoshi

This was the last thing tenchi wanted to do,he didnt want to fight her four
one one,he wanted to fight her one an one but she was just to strong.so now
it
lead to a four on one.tenchi already realized that Shin Trista was loseing
her
power,i was inivatable that she was goin to die,yet she didnt give up.never
in
tenchi life he had ever seen a person with such determination in their eyes.

Shin Trista was no fenceing Washu,Ryoko,and Tenchi,while mihoshi would fire
her pistol at Shin Trista.the battle was drawing to a close finaly.both
Ryoko
and Washu had struck Shin Trista in her both arms and legs.this battle was
going to be over soon.just then Shin Trista dissapeard an reapeard in back
of
them seriously hurt.

i see,she said stagering this is the power the Dragon hearts wings.

no Shin Trista,this is the power of family.family is the greatest power if
you
have completle trust.said tenchi.

no i wont give up i cant give up i want The Power Of Masamune!Shin Trista
said
yelling chargine staright at all four.to the suprise Shin Trista struck all
of
them.they were all down in pain.she saw ryoko who was the closest and
decided
to kill her first.as her energy sword came to ryoko one of the Dragon Hearts
Wings appeared and blocked the sword.ryoko got up and slashed her right in
the
chest.

ahhhhhh Shin Trista screamed,no i dont care how wweak i am i am gonna win!

Ryoko,Washu,Mihoshi,and Tenchi got up all looking at the staggering warrior.

you have lost and you know it.yelled tenchi,give up there no way you can
win,you are out numbered and seriously hurt.

no!i..i.wont give up.i come on i stil here.

thats it i am tired of you mouth DIE!.

ryoko lunged at Shin Trista,thats was a mistake,ryoko attacked her and
missed.Shin Trista ducked and struck ryoko right in the chest,its over now
you
die,just then washu took the attack for ryoko,both were alive but
barely.mihoshi came and siad how could you and Shin Trista slaped her and
Mihoshi was hit so hard she was thrown thrity feet away from the slap and
was
knocked out.

looks like its just you and me again boy,now give me Masamune.

why do you want it so much

i told you already,now give it to me or you will die.

no your lying you want it from somethin esle,but what is it.

i dont care if yo udont believe me or not give it to me.Yelled Shin Trista

FINE YOU WIN I WILL GIVE IT TO YOU!yelled tenchi

no tenchi dont do it.saod ryoko.

                        The  Final Act

as tenchi walked up to Shin Trista he realized what he had to do,there was
no
other choice,this was his last idead but i might just work.

give it to me now!yelled Shin Trista

here take it.

just then as Shin Trista was about to take it she was struck right in the
heart by tenchi forceing it into her.

ww...hy you,marv...elous,i .n..ever though.t you ..h..had it in .yy.you to
g.ggg.go and dont somet..hing liek that.i c..comend you.

i am sorry Shin Trista vbut you left me no other choice,now tell me why do
you
really want the sword,i refuse to believe that a warrior such as you just
wants it for power,i have never seen such determination in a single person
before.not tell me the TRUTH!.tenchi replied.

i...i .nee....d tt.the s..w..sword c..c.cuz..i..i.i am poss..esed.by by t..
THE FOURTH GODDESS.he..help me...

i shall,jsut relax.tenchi said

tenchi thought to himslef(i cant believe i am doin this,she tried to go and
kill everyone and now i am helping her just cuz she says she is possesed by
the fourth goddess.i thought there was only three.who is the fourth goddess)

tenchi cancentrated his power to Masamune to exile the goddes frome Shin
Trista,it took awhile but what Shin Trista was telling the truth,she was
possed but i did look like a goddess.or less much of anything.Shin Trista
was
healed in the process ans so was eveybody else,Tiamat,Yuri,and Lucraciana
were
brought back to life.

ohh my acheing head.said Shin Trista,tenchi i thank you for saving me and
bring my friends back to life.

Shin Trista where will you go now.asked tenchi

i dont know really,hey Lucraciana,Yuri,and Tiamat,where yall wanna go.asked
Shin Trista.

hmm i know said Tiamat.we can go to my place on Rygal9 its a small planet
but
i am wealthy there.

ok good now we have a destination point.Shin Trista said.

well goodbye yall.Shin Trista said.

just then tenchi,ryoko,washu,and mihoshi were teleported on the ryo-oki

good bye Shin Trista said tenchi.

TENCHI!We meet again you fool,i am gonna get for this i promise.you fear me
once again,i am Shin Trista and will kill you!

with that said the Gou-oki left at blazeing speed.

i cant believe this then what did i get rid of.said tenchi.

tenchi all you got rid of was ome of her energy that took form.said
washu,she
is cleaver real cleaver.

lets fo back to earth.with that said the ryo-oki wen straight to th emasaki
earth.

tenchi whats wrong asked ryoko

i am worried about Shin Trista,we barely beat her if you cane even say we
beat
her.and she is still out there probably as mad as ever.

dont worry like you said the power of family will allways prevail.

                         THE END

legal disclaimer: the charcters of tenchi muyo belong to AIC and PIONEER so
dont go and sue me cuz well i dont kinda have alot of money.so please dont
sue
me.
i guess the charcters i made up and i are mine so yes!

this story take place 2 months after Love at last.

in this Story a mysterious woman is going after the sword Masamune.

ok comments are extremly appreciated cuz i wint to go and get better at
being
a writter so please e-mail me at ED KID 2L@AOL.COM