I neither own nor profit from these characters. Please don't sue me.

Precious Memories
By, Clayton Overstreet

Part 1: Memories lost

  Ryoko peeked inside Washu's lab. She could see the small scientist bent 
over her computer. "Washu... I need your help with something..." Washu 
turned to her smiling. "Little Ryoko, you know what you have to do before I 
help you."
  Ryoko gritted her teeth and said, "Ok, mom. Will you please help me."
  Washu looked at her. "Wow, you gave up without a fight. Must be serious." 
Ryoko walked over to her. Washu looked up at her and smiled. "So what can I 
help you with?"
  Ryoko bit her lip and looked around at the machines and monitores around 
her. "Well I was actualy wondering if you could help me with a memory 
problem?"
  Washu nodded. "Sure, no problem. What do you want to remember?"
  Ryoko shook her head, "No, you don't understand. I want to forget some 
things."
  Washu frowned and looked up at her. "What things?"
  Ryoko bit her lip and a tear fell from her eye. "Some of the things Kagato 
did to me... the nightmares... I can't stand it anymore. I just need to 
forget alright?"
  Washu looked up at her worriedly, then nodded. "I can do it. But you have 
to understand that memories are what shape our personalities. This could 
change you in ways even I can't predict."   Ryoko laughed and shook her 
head. "That's alright. I was never too attatched to this personality 
anyway." Washu frowned again. It always hurt her when he daughter said how 
much she despised herself. It reminded Washu of her failures.
  Washu lead Ryoko to the usual metal table and motioned for her to lay 
down. Ryoko did so and a metal band lowered over her head. "Alright Ryoko, 
first I have to take a reading of your memories. Then I'll have the computer 
scan them and pick out the ones you want buried. I can't exactly erase them, 
but I can bury them alright?"
  "Will this stop my nightmares?"
  Washu nodded, "It should, as long as I don't put them in your subconsious. 
Don't worry Ryoko, this wont hurt." The band around Ryoko's head glowed gold 
and Washu turned to the screen. Images flashed by. It seemed to be the short 
term memory. Things that had happend lately. Washu hit some keys and the 
images changed.
  A young Tenchi ran past the cave chasing a dragon fly. Washu giggled and 
hit afew more keys. Now all she saw was darkness. That was before Ryoko 
learned to leave her body. Washu worked her way backward, past her fight 
with Yosho, past the attack on Jurai. Then she stopped. She saw some of the 
things Kagato did to her daughter on a daily basis. Saw what he had done for 
over thirteen hundred years. Washu shuddered and began the process. She 
looked over at Ryoko. "How much do you want gone?"
  Ryoko turned and looked at the screen. She shook her head. "No... not 
that. That was to easy stuff. Hold on a second." Ryoko closed her eyes and 
the screen changed again.
  Washu stared in horror. "So much blood..."
  Ryoko nodded at her. "Things like that." Washu's hands shook as she buried 
this memory. Then they moved onto the next one and the next. By the time 
they were almost done Washu wanted to puke.
  "What are you two doing?" Mihoshi asked.
  Washu jumped and looked at her. "How did you get in here?" Mihoshi 
shrugged. Washu sighed. "Ryoko is having her memories overhauled."
  Mihoshi smiled . "Oh? Can I help?" She reached for the large red button on 
the console.
  Washu's saw what she was doing and screamed. "No! Not that one!" Suddenly 
there was a huge explosion.

  Mihoshi shook Washu's shoulder. The tiny scientist was out cold. "Oh my. 
Well I guess she needs her rest." Mihoshi looked at Ryoko who was laying on 
the table. "Would you like to come to dinner?"
  Ryoko looked at her and nodded. "I suppose. I am hungry." She reached up 
and slid the band off of her head. Together they walked out to the dining 
room.
  Sasami and the others smiled at them. "Is Washu coming too Mihoshi?"
  Mihoshi shook her head. "No. Something blew up and she fell asleep." 
Sasami sighed and nodded. Things like that happened a lot. Ryoko sat down 
next to Mihoshi and the others looked at her strangely. Tenchi wondered why 
she wasn't in her usual place next to Tenchi. Oh well, she was probably just 
trying something new.
  They began eating and listened as Noboyuki told them about his day at the 
office. Tenchi noticed that Ryoko was not eating with her usual abandon. 
"Are you feeling alright."
  Ryoko smiled at him pleasantly. "I feel... great actualy. Like I have no 
cares really."
  Tenchi smiled. Aeka noticed this and frowned. "Ryoko, could you pass the 
noodles?" Aeka asked. Ryoko sat there quietly eating her noodles. "Ryoko, 
can't you hear me? Ryoko!"
  Ryoko looked to her left and right. "You mean me?"
  Aeka frowned and said, "Do you know anyone else named Ryoko?"
  Ryoko bit her lip and thought about it. "I don't know. Do I?"   Aeka's 
face turned red. "That isn't funny!"
  Ryoko looked genuinely confused. "What do you mean miss... what was your 
name?" Aeka stopped and looked at her closely. Everyone else stared too.
  Suddenly Ryo-oki came hopping into the room, having finished her carrots. 
She looked up at Ryoko and meowed. Ryoko smiled down. "Oh you are cute. 
What's your name little fella?"
  In her mind Ryoko heard a voice answer, 'It's me, Ryo-oki. What's the 
matter with you Ryoko?'
  Ryoko's eyes got real big and she let out a suprised squeek. "Ah! It 
talked to me!" The others looked at her in disbelief.
  Tenchi got up and walked over to her. "Ryoko... do you know who I am?"
  Ryoko looked up at him and shook her head. "No. In fact I don't know who I 
am."
  The group at the table gasped. "It's me, Tenchi." He said.
   Ryoko smiled and extended her hand. "Happy to meet you Tenchi, I'm... 
what was my name again?"
  Suddenly the door to Washu's lab flew open. "Mihoshi next time I tell you 
not to push a button... what's everyone lookign so upset about?"
  Tenchi looked at her and said, "Ryoko doesn't remember anything. Not even 
her own name. What happened Washu?"   Ryoko looked between them with 
interest. "Do you mean me?"   Washu looked at Ryoko then back at Tenchi. "Oh 
no."

  Two hours later Washu had finished her tests on Ryoko. She went out to the 
living room and told the others what she had found. "It seems that the 
machine short circuted when Mihoshi blew it up. It totaly buried all of 
Ryoko's main memory and left the basic information."
  Mihoshi looked down guiltily. "I'm sorry Washu."
  Tenchi looked at Washu, "Is there anything we can do to help her?"
  Washu thought about it. "Well this is broken so I can't use it. But maybe 
if you show her something familiar she might start to remember." Tenchi and 
the others nodded.
  Ryoko looked at them all, "But didn't you say I wanted my memory erased 
Washu?"
  Washu looked at her and shook her head. "No. You asked for part of your 
memory to be erased. Some things happend to you that shouldn't have."
  Ryoko nodded and then asked, "Then maybe I don't want to remember."
  Tenchi sat down next to her. "But Ryoko we'd miss you. You are a part of 
this family. Isn't that right everyone." The others all nodded except for 
Aeka. She was thinking that this would be a perfect opertunity to get rid of 
Ryoko forever.
  "Are you sure Tenchi? I mean if she realy doesn't want to we shouldn't 
force her."
  Tenchi thought about it and then turned to Ryoko. "What do you want?"
  Ryoko frowned and looked down. Then she smiled up at them all. "Let's just 
see what happens. If I remember I'll remember. If not, then I wont."
  Tenchi smiled at Ryoko and patted her hand. "That's more like you."
  Ryoko smiled back, "Is it?" The others laughed, though it was obvious that 
they still felt bad about what had happend. Ryo-oki hopped into her lap and 
meowed again. Then she turned into a furry child, causing Ryoko to jump. 
Ryo-oki looked up at her and tears formed at the corners of her eyes. Ryoko 
was immediately appologetic. "I'm sorry. You just suprised me is all."
  Ryo-oki smiled and hugged her. "What do you mean sister?" Ryo-oki looked 
up at her again. "Oh I see. So that would make Washu our mom." She smiled at 
Washu. "Why didn't you tell me?" Washu rubbed the back of her head, "Well 
you aren't exactly pleased by the relationship."
  Ryoko frowned. "I'm sorry."
  Washu smiled at her. "That's alright."

  The next week was hard on Ryoko. She had to learn the routeen of the house 
and get used to it again. When she asked where she slept everyone told her 
that she usualy slept on the rafter. She looked up at it wonderingly. "But 
how do I get up there? And wont I be hurt if I fall off."
  Sasami giggled. "Well you fly. And if you did fall you'd do more harm to 
that floor than yourself."
  Ryoko looked at her shocked. "I can fly? How? I don't have wings."
  Sasami shrugged. "I don't know. You'd have to ask Washu. But if you want 
I'm sure Tenchi could get a bed for you."
  Ryoko looked up at the rafter then down at Sasami. "I think that would be 
a good idea." And from then on Ryoko slept on a spare bed in one of the 
guest rooms.
  One morning Ryoko woke up and found herself floating above her bed. She 
let out an ear piercing scream and Tenchi came running in. "Ryoko, what's 
wrong?"
  Ryoko looked at him worriedly. "I'm... I'm flying!" Tenchi smiled at her 
and took her hand, pulling her onto the ground. Ryoko immediately held him 
tightly, afraid she would lift off again.
  Aeka came running around the corner. "Ryoko, get your hands off of my 
Tenchi this instant."
  Ryoko looked up at her. "Oh I'm sorry." She immediately let Tenchi go. "I 
didn't know you two were a couple. Anyway he was just helping me get down."
  Tenchi blushed and looked at her.   "Well we aren't a couple."   Aeka 
frowned and looked at him. "Be that as it may she shouldn't have her hands 
all over you."
  Ryoko apologized again. Then she looked at Tenchi. "I've decided I'd like 
to remember now. It's too confusing."
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "Ok. I'll go see if my dad has any pictures or 
video tapes you can watch."
  He turned and let the room with Aeka and Ryoko standing opposite 
eachother. "So, something I'm confused about. Are you and I friends or not?" 
Ryoko asked.
  Aeka stiffend up. "Well... um... we kind of fight alot."
  Ryoko shrugged. "Oh, ok."
  She walked past Aeka and followed Tenchi into the living room. He had 
gotten a hold of some photoalbums and videos. Ryoko sat down on the couch 
and began leafing through the pages of photographs. "Wow... how do I make 
those pretty light?"
  Tenchi looked and saw a picture of Ryoko holding her energy sword. "I 
don't know, you just do." After they finished with the albums Tenchi hit 
play on the VCR.
  Images of the family flashed by but Ryoko didn't recognize any of it. "Why 
do Aeka and I fight so much? And over such silly things."   Tenchi blushed 
and said, "Well you and Aeka are usualy fighting over me."
  Ryoko snorted. "Well that's stupid. It's not like we could influence you 
either way beyond your will. And anyway all it does is hurt you. Look at 
that." Tenchi looked at the screen and saw him standing between the two. 
Their energy waves hit him, leaving him unconsious on the ground.
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. "I know. But you two seem so set on fighting 
that nothing I say ever makes a difference." Ryoko picked up the remote 
control and turned it off.
  "You seem to know a lot about me. What is this weird gem in my wrist?"
  Tenchi looked down and smiled. "That's the source of most of your power. 
It's one of three that were taken from you when you fought with my 
grandfather and set in the hilt of the master key."   Ryoko looked at the 
gem and said, "Then why don't I have the other two?"
  Tenchi looked up. "Well... you see... I... I don't know. Do you want 
them?"
  Ryoko thought about it, then shook her head. "No, I don't think so. maybe 
later. Why don't you tell me more about myself?"   Tenchi smiled and sat 
back thinking. "Well you love to lay in the sun every chance you get. You 
like flying and fishing..." As Tenchi talked more and more facts spilled 
out. The way she laughed, how she sometimes teased him in the baths, and how 
her nose wrinkled when she sneezed. "...and you like to run your fingers 
through your hair when you are thinking." Tenchi stopped and smiled at her.  
  Ryoko smiled back at him. "It sounds like you know me very well." Tenchi 
blushed and nodded.
  Washu came out of the lab just then. "Tenchi, I think I may have found a 
way to get Ryoko's memory back."
  Tenchi looked at her. "Realy Washu? How?"
  Washu smiled and said, "If you give her back her other two gems her memory 
should be restored."
  Ryoko smiled, then frowned. "What about the memories I wanted gone?" Washu 
shivered slightly, remembering what she had seen in Ryoko's mind. "Yes... 
those too."
  Ryoko nodded and looked out the window. "I think I want to wait then. 
Until I'm sure I don't want to do it." She stopped and looked at Tenchi. She 
saw sadness in his eyes. "Are you alright with that?" Tenchi nodded, but 
still looked sad. Ryoko smiled and said, "Thanks. I think I'll go work on my 
chores now." She got off the couch and walked away. Tenchi and Washu watched 
her go.   "I know how you feel Tenchi, but you don't know everything."   
Tenchi looked at Washu. "What do you mean?"
  Washu looked at him for a minute, then told him what she had seen in 
Ryoko's memory. The pain, the blood, and most of all the sound of her 
screams.
  Tenchi turned away and looked outside, watching Ryoko sweep up the patio. 
"So it's a choice between herself and pain, or this new her without a past."
  Washu nodded. "Yes, I'm afraid so."
  Tenchi closed his eyes. "I don't want to loose her Washu... but I don't 
want her to feel that pain either."
  Washu walked forward and put her hand on Tenchi's shoulder. "I know 
Tenchi. I know."
  Neither of them saw Aeka standing on the stairs. "So he does love her..." 
Aeka shead a tear and ran back up the stairs.

  The next morning Ryoko decided to ask the others about their opinion. See 
what they thought of the old Ryoko. Unfortunately by the time she got up 
only Mihoshi, Sasami, and Ryo-oki were left at the table. Noboyuki and Yosho 
made it quite clear that they were avoiding the entire affair. Tenchi had 
gone to the fields to work and Aeka didn't usualy wake up for a while yet. 
So Ryoko sat down and looked at the faces around her. Mihoshi seemed 
carefree as always. Ryo-oki and Sasami, however, were looking at her 
worriedly.
  "Could you pass me some pancakes Sasami?" Sasami nodded absently and 
handed them to her.
  Ryoko noticed and set the plate down without taking any. "Do you realy 
miss Ryoko?"
  Sasami nodded and so did Ryo-oki who said, 'She... you are my sister 
Ryoko. I just want you to get better.' Ryoko smiled at Ryo-oki, who stared 
back from across the table. She was in her toddler form again and looked 
very cute.
  Ryoko looked at Mihoshi. "How about you?"
  Mihoshi shrugged. "I like you. You're a good friend of mine Ryoko, but if 
you decide to stay the way you are I'll be just as happy for you."
  Ryoko nodded then looked at Sasami. "What was so great about Ryoko? From 
what I hear I almost killed you and destroyed your planet."
  Sasami shook her head, "That isn't true. Kagato did all those things. 
Ryoko has always been a good friend to all of us. You were always so happy 
just to be a part of Tenchi's family."
  Ryoko bit her lip and looked at them. "But... what about now? Could you 
like me as I am?" Sasami smiled at her pleasantly.   "Of course...we just 
miss you the way you were."
  Ryoko nodded and got up from the table. "I'm not so hungry after all. I'll 
see you later." Ryoko turned to leave. As she walked out the door in the 
knob she saw Ryo-oki look after her sadly and Sasami give her a hug. A tear 
trickeld down Ryoko's cheek as she left the house.

  Ryoko sat on a rock outside the cave. She didn't know why but she felt 
safe here. The cave itself scaed her, but sitting at it's entrance in the 
warm sun helped her relax. She smiled and leaned back. From somewhere to her 
left she heard footsteps. She opend her eyes and saw Tenchi smiling at her. 
"I brought you some orange juice if you want it." He offered her a glass and 
she took it. Sipping the juice Ryoko studied his face.
  Finally she set the glass on the ground beside the rock. "You want me to 
remember don't you?" He sighed and sat back.
  Tenchi sat there for a minute looking up at the sky. Then he said, "I do, 
but I can't ask you to do that."
  Ryoko looked at him curiously. "Why not?"
  Tenchi smiled at her. "Because I respect your wishes."
  She frowned and leaned back, mirroring his pose as she to stared at the 
clouds. "Do you love her?"
  Tenchi looked at her startled. "Who? Aeka? Well, she'd like family to 
me..."
  Ryoko shook her head. "No, not Aeka. I mean the other me. Do you love 
her?"
  Tenchi bit his lip. Then finaly he nodded, "Yes... yes I do."   Ryoko 
turned to face him. "Do you think you could love me? As I am?"
  Tenchi sighed and looked at her closely. "I don't know. You are her, but 
at the same time you aren't."
  Ryoko nodded in understanding. Then she turned back to the sky. "I'm still 
considering it. Just give me time Tenchi." He nodded and closed his eyes.
  Aeka came around the corner then and looked at them. "Lord Tenchi, do you 
mind if I talk to Ryoko?" Tenchi looked up curiously and then nodded.
  He turned to Ryoko, "I'll see you later." Ryoko nodded, but kept looking 
at Aeka. Tenchi reluctantly walked away. Once he was gone Aeka sat down on 
the rock he had vacated.
  "I suppose you want me to remember aswell?" Ryoko asked.   Aeka shook her 
head, "No, just the opposite. I was hoping you would decide not to remember 
any of it."
  Ryoko looked at her oddly. "You realy hate her don't you?"   Aeka nodded. 
"I know I shouldn't. She saved all our lives several times over, but I still 
hate her."
  Ryoko sighed and shook her head. "Why? What did she do that was so bad?"
  Aeka bit her lip and looked away. "She got Tenchi, alright? You got him 
and I can't stand that."
  Ryoko moved forward and put her hand on Aeka's shoulder. "Do you love 
him?"
  Aeka took a deep breath, then looked at Ryoko. "We were meant for 
eachother. My brother left before we could marry and when I came here and 
found out about it, I knew that Tenchi and I were meant to be together."
  Ryoko frowned and looked her in the eyes. "You didn't answer my question. 
Do you love him?"
  Aeka snorted, "Love has nothing to do with it. Royal blood is what 
matters."
  Ryoko look her hand off Aeka's arm . She shook her head and stepped back. 
"I haven't known Tenchi as long as the rest of you. Certainly not as long as 
Ryoko has. But even I know that love has nothing to do with blood. I begin 
to see why Ryoko dislikes you." She turned and walked away leaving Aeka 
sitting by the shrine.
  As she walked Ryoko looked around her at the forest. It was such a 
beutiful place. And it was all she'd ever realy known. 'No it isn't.'
  Ryoko looked around suddenly. "Ryo-oki? Is that you? Or is it Washu?"
  The voice giggled. 'Nope. My name is Zero.'
  Ryoko looked around again. "Where are you?"
  Zero laughed again, 'I'm inside you. Ryoko merged with me a while ago to 
save my life.'
  Ryoko sat down and sighed. "So now I have a voice in my head."
  Zero was silent for a minute, then said, 'I'm sorry but I needed to talk 
to you. You see I know what Ryoko would be doing right now. If she had been 
here when Tenchi siad he loved her she would have held him close and never 
let go.' The voice seemed sad, almost envious.
  "But what about me?"
  Zero sighed. 'I know what you are going through. I was once a machine, 
used to impersonate people and take their place. But when I merged with 
Ryoko something changed. Her feelings, especially for Tenchi, were 
incredible... you have no idea what a thrill it is being Ryoko.'
  Ryoko sighed and shook her head. "No I don't. But I do know there were 
some things Ryoko didn't want to remember. Do you know what they were."
  Zero's voice faltered slightly as she spoke. 'Yes. Yes I do. I could show 
you some of it if you want.'
  Ryoko nodded. "Please."
  Scenes flashed through her mind. Of a man with white hair doing horrible 
things to her. Things no creature was meant to live through. But for her it 
was the same as watching the videos Tenchi had shown earlier. She was 
sickened by what she saw, but it was someone else.
  As the images faded Ryoko shook her head. "I see why she wouldn't want to 
remember that. But why do you think it is so great to be Ryoko?" This time 
new images flew by her eyes. A young boy running past the cave chasing 
dragonflies. That same boy camping by the cave cooking sweet potatoes by the 
cave. Then the boy running to the cave holding an umbrella and crying for 
his grandmother. Ryoko watched images of Tenchi as he grew into the young 
man he was. Then saw the times she had spent with him after he had set her 
free. Parties, battles, and fights between her and Aeka. "Why does he always 
seem to ask me to stop the fights."
  Zero giggled again. 'Do you think Aeka would have listened? I know how you 
feel though. Both Ryoko and I used to think he blamed us for every fight.'
  Ryoko thought about it. "When do you suppose he realized that he loved 
me?"
  Zero replied, 'I don't know. You would have to ask him.'
  Ryoko stopped walking and leaned back against a tree. "Thank you for 
talking to me Zero. I think I know what to do now. But could you tell me one 
thing? Is being Ryoko... is it realy that good?"
  Zero was quiet for a long time before replying. But after a while she 
said, 'Being Ryoko is probably the best thing in the world when she is 
happy. The worst when she is sad. Just like being anybody else.' Ryoko 
smiled and walked back towards the house. It was time she faced up to who 
she was.

Part 2: Memories recovered

  Tenchi looked at Ryoko for a minute, holding the sword out infront of him. 
"Are you sure about this?"
  She nodded quickly. "Yes."
  Tenchi closed his eyes and focused his energy. The sword began to glow 
blue and the gems faded away. They reapeared on Ryoko's neck and right 
wrist.
  Her eyes shot open and energy crackled through her body. "Ah, I'd 
forgotten how good that felt." Suddenly she blinked. "Tenchi what are you 
doing here? Why did you give me my gems back?"   Tenchi looked at her in 
shock. "You don't remember?"
  Ryoko shook her head. "Remember what? The last thing I remember was going 
to see Washu about... some nightmares I was having."
  Tenchi sat back. "I know Ryoko."
  Ryoko looked at him in shock. "How... how do you know about that?" Tenchi 
looked up at her. He told her what had happend since the accident.
  Ryoko looked at him in shock. "Realy?" He nodded. Ryoko shook her head in 
disbelief.
  "Ryoko, I almost lost you completely. I'm sorry I didn't..." He was cut 
off by Ryoko's smile.
  "It's alright Tenchi. I don't blame you. Could... could I have some time 
to think?"
  Tenchi smiled and nodded. As he turned to leave Ryoko grabbed his hand and 
pulled him to her. "You don't really think you can tell me you love me and 
get away withouth kissing me do you?" Ryoko smiled at him and Tenchi smiled 
back. Slowly they leaned close to eachother and kissed. Ryoko let out a 
contented sigh and Tenchi smiled into her eyes. Then she let him go and 
smiled. "Now you may leave." Tenchi nodded and turned to walk out the door.
  Once he was gone Ryoko lay back on his bed. Washu laughed in her mind, 
'Very convincing Ryoko. Think you'll ever tell him that you remember 
everything that happend?'
  Ryoko shook her head. "Maybe... but you don't tell him."
  Washu laughed again. 'Well ok. If you'll just do one thing for me.'   
Ryoko smiled and shook her head. "Mom, you are hopeless."   Washu laughed 
and cut off the link. Ryoko smiled and closed her eyes. She now had 
everything she had ever wanted. Ryoko slowly slid off into sleep. For some 
reason she didn't think she would be having any nightmares this time.

  Sasami and Ryo-oki ran up to Ryoko the next morning when she got up. She 
had woken up in Tenchi's bed with him asleep on the floor next to her. She 
had smiled down at him and left him there to get ready when he woke up. "So 
Ryoko are you feeling better?" Sasami asked.
  Ryoko grinned down at her. "I guess."
  Ryo-oki hugged her tightly. 'I missed you.' Ryoko leaned down and hugged 
them both.
  Meanwhile Aeka watched her from across the room. Despite her composed face 
Ryoko could see hatred in her eyes. She let go of Ryo-oki and Sasami and 
walked over to her. "I'm sorry Aeka."   Aeka shook her head. "I don't care." 
She turned and walked back of the stairs. Ryoko watched her go trying to 
decide if she felt sad or angry. She could understand why Aeka would be mad. 
But even Ryoko wouldn't blame her or Tenchi for this. She was going to have 
to watch Aeka for a while. Something just seemed wrong. Sasami noticed the 
odd look Ryoko had and asked if she was alright. "Yeah Sasami... just 
thinking."
  Sasami smiled at her. "Don't worry Ryoko? How mad could she be?"
  Ryoko made a noncommital noise then smiled down at Sasami. "Anyway did you 
miss me while I was gone?"
  Sasami nodded at her. "Yeah. I mean you were o.k., but we missed you the 
way you were. I'm sorry you couldn't have it both ways Ryoko."
  Ryoko smiled and ruffled her hair. "Don't worry Sasami. It was a good 
break. Plus I got a nice suprise when I got back."
  Sasami and Ryo-oki smiled up at her. "So Tenchi told ya huh?"   Ryoko 
looked down at them both suprised. "You knew?"   Sasami and Ryo-oki laughed. 
"Well duh! Ryoko I know we all joke about being Tenchi's girlfriend, but I 
don't think anyone but Aeka actualy believed it. Right Mihoshi?"
  Mihoshi turned away from the television. "I guess, though I do kind of 
envy you Ryoko."
  Ryoko laughed. "Well thanks guys. You are all great friends... better than 
I deserve realy."
  Sasami put her hands on her hips. "Now Ryoko enough of that. You do 
deserve to be happy." Ryo-oki meowed her agreement.
  "I have to agree with them Ryoko." Ryoko smiled at Tenchi who had walked 
down the stairs behind her.
  "Good morning Tenchi. Did you sleep well?"
  Tenchi nodded. "Better than I have in quite a while actually. I actualy 
missed you watching over me while I sleep." Ryoko blushed, while Sasami, 
Mihoshi, and Ryo-oki laughed at them.   Finally Ryoko managed to smirk, "And 
how would you dad feel about that?" Now it was Tenchi's turn to blush.
  Sasami smiled up at him, "He'd probably tie the two of you together for 
the weekend until you agreed to get married." Tenchi's eyes widened at the 
mention of marriage.
  Ryoko noticed and decided to tease him more. "What's the matter Tenchi? 
Don't want to marry me?"
  Tenchi gulped and began to stutter. "Well... I'd... I'd love to Ryoko... 
but I have school.. and I..."
  Ryoko laughed and reached forward to rub his cheek. "It's alright Tenchi. 
I know you have things to do." She leaned forward and looked into his eyes. 
"But when you are ready I will take you with me to the stars."
  Tenchi smiled back at her. "I'd like that Ryoko. I realy would."   Sasami 
sighed and looked at Ryo-oki. "Isn't this so romantic?"   Ryoko and Tenchi 
looked at her and laughed. "Are you through teasing us?" Mihoshi laughed 
along with Sasami again.
  Aeka watched sadly from the top of the stairs. Maybe it was time she left. 
She looked down at Sasami. She could tell the counsel that Sasami had gone 
with her. They would never think to double check with Earth. Sasami could 
live here happily. She would be sad if Aeka left, but she would get over it. 
After all she had Mihoshi and Ryo-oki. Her ship would be ready soon. Maybe 
Aeka would take the time to see the other planets in the universe. Maybe if 
she had enough time she might also come back to Earth or Jurai one day.

  Tenchi worked in the field while Ryoko watched him from a tree at the 
other end of the feild. Suddenly she saw a brown blur run past Tenchi 
carrying a carrot. "Ryo-oki! You put that back right now!" Tenchi yelled and 
began chasing the cabbit.
  Ryoko had to laugh. She laughed harder when Tenchi tripped and fell into a 
mud puddle. Ryoko teleported over to him and smiled down. "Why Tenchi, I had 
no idea you were that worried about your complextion."
  Tenchi looked up at her from the mud and sat back. "Ha ha! Very funny. Now 
you can either stop laughing and help me out or..."
  Ryoko raised an eyebrow and chuckled again. "Or what?"
  Tenchi reached into the puddle and scooped up a hand full of mud. Ryoko 
looked at t and smirked. "You wouldn't dare."
  Tenchi smirked back. Ryoko's eyes widend as a glab of cold mud hit her 
just above the neckline of her shirt.. "You did it! You actually hit me with 
mud!" She landed next to him and scooped up her own mud. Tenchi tried to 
back away, but slipped into the mud. What followed was probably the messiest 
mud fight in history and ended with both of them sitting in the puddle. 
Ryoko smiled at Tenchi who smiled back. "That was fun Tenchi."
  Tenchi laughed, "Yeah, it was. Oops, missed a spot." He scooped some mud 
onto the end of his finger and tapped it onto Ryoko's nose.
  Ryoko smiled and grabbed him for a deep kiss. When they broke apart Tenchi 
looked down at himself. "I think I need a bath." Ryoko smiled evily and he 
held up his hand. "No!"
  Ryoko pouted and slapped the mud. "Why not? It's not like you haven't seen 
me naked before."
  Tenchi nodded. "That's why. Everytime I do I get a nose bleed and faint."
  Ryoko giggled. "But you are so cute when you do. But how about this. I'll 
keep my towel on and I will stay on the other side of the wall. That way we 
can talk."
  Tenchi thought about it. "You promise to keep it toned down?" Ryoko smiled 
and nodded. Tenchi sighed and smiled at her. "Ok then. But I am keeping my 
towel on too."
  Ryoko snapped her fingers. "Rats."

  As she lay back in the warm water, Ryoko thought about her life as it 
could have been if she hadn't gotten her memory back. Ryoko absently rubbed 
the gem in her neck. It had been so long since she had her full power. 
Ofcourse she realy didn't need it. If she had ever wanted to she could have 
swatted the guardians aside like fleas. And Aeka's attempts to hurt her were 
just funny. But if it made Aeka feel better she was happy to help. 
Unfortunately Aeka didn't realy seem to want to fight any more. She had 
become withdrawn and Ryoko realy wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a 
bad thing. She realy did consider the princess to be a part of the family, 
just like Tenchi did.
  Tenchi leaned over the wall and tapped her on the shoulder. "What are you 
thinking about Ryoko?"
  Ryoko smiled and turned to him. "Aeka actually. I'm worried about her."
  Tenchi's looked at her suprised, then smiled pleasantly. "I know what you 
mean. I knew telling you that I loved you might do something like this. But 
I kind of thought she would handle it better." Ryoko sighed and splashed 
some water with her finger tip.
  Tenchi leaned back on his side of the wall aswell. He had been worried 
that Aeka might leave and that she might take Sasami with her. He never 
wanted them to go. They were like sisters to him.   "Do you think she'll 
leave Ryoko?"
  Ryoko sighed and shook her head. "Maybe she will. You know Tenchi, despite 
our differences I always considered Aeka a friend. If I didn't I probably 
wouldn't put on such a show for her when we fight."
  Tenchi chuckled ruefully. "I know what you mean. How much does she 
actually hurt you when you fight?"
  Ryoko snorted. "Well her power actually just tickles a bit. If I wanted to 
I could just brush her aside, even without my gems. When she uses the master 
key on me it shocks me... but I've been through much worse."
  Tenchi bit his lip, remembering what Washu had told him about Kagato's 
tortures. "I'm sorry Ryoko."
  Ryoko turned and stuck her head through the wall next to him. "Don't be 
Tenchi. If it weren't for you I might never have had any happy memories at 
all." She reached up and rubbed his face, causing him to do the same. Tenchi 
leaned forward and kissed her gently. Ryoko closed her eyes and smiled.
  When they broke apart Tenchi smiled at her. "I love you Ryoko."   Ryoko 
smiled and nodded. "I know Tenchi. I love you too. You and my other friends 
are everything I have."
  Tenchi rubbed her hair. Ryoko smiled back at him. "Are you sure I can't 
join you over here?"
  Tenchi laughed. "Oh why not? Come on."
  Ryoko phased through the wall and sat next to him. "I think we should talk 
to Aeka later." Ryoko said as she lay her head on Tenchi's shoulder. Tenchi 
nodded and stared off into space.

  At dinner that night everything was quiet. Yosho was fasting so he wasn't 
there and Noboyuki had to work late at the office again. Aeka was so somber 
that the others weren't sure what to say.
  Finaly Ryoko elbowed Tenchi in the ribs and he looked at Aeka. "Are you 
alright Aeka?"
  The princess looked at him, then at Ryoko. "Why do you ask?"   Tenchi 
frowned. "Because you are family Aeka. None of us wants to see you unhappy."
  Aeka tried to stay calm but tears fell down her cheeks. She set her fork 
down and looked at him. "No I am not fine. I wanted you to marry me. To rule 
by my side. But instead you picked her." She shot a glance at Ryoko.
  Tenchi sighed and shook his head. "I do love you Aeka. I love all of you 
and I never wantd to hurt anyone."
  Aeka sobbed and buried her face in her hands. Sasami put a hand on her 
back. "Aeka, it's not his fault, it's not Ryoko's fault, and it isn't your 
fault. It just happened."
  Aeka looked up at her and sniffled. "But why couldn't I see it? Why did I 
keep deluding myself?"
  Sasami hugged Aeka tightly. "Aeka, just let it go. We all love Tenchi. But 
that doesn't mean we have to marry him. I know it's been hard on you with 
first Yosho and now this, but it has happend. Can't you just be happy for 
them?" Aeka looked at Ryoko and Tenchi. She saw the look on Ryoko's face. 
Not the usual smirk or look of disgust.
  Mihoshi and Washu were looking at her too. Suddenly it hit Aeka that they 
didn't feel sorry for her. They felt sad because she was sad. They were her 
real friends.
  Another sob racked her body. "I'm... I'm sorry." They all gathered around 
her.
  Mihoshi smiled and said, "Cheer up Aeka. If you want you can have my piece 
of the chocolate cake Sasami made for desert." She said the last part with 
such regret that Aeka had to laugh.   "No, that's alright. I think... I 
think I am alright now." She stopped and looked at Tenchi. "You are realy 
happy with Ryoko?" Tenchi nodded and Aeka smiled at him. "Then I won't press 
the issue. Though technicaly as a Juraian you could have to wives..."
  Ryoko looked at her and shook her head, while Tenchi chuckled. Aeka smiled 
and winked. "I guess not."
  Sasami giggled up at her. "Are you feeling alright now Aeka?"   Aeka 
thought about it, then shook her head. "I feel better, but not alright. That 
will take some time." They all sat back down to eat. After that the 
conversation seemed to pick up. Tenchi and Ryoko told the others about their 
mud fight, which ofcourse got a giggle out of most of them. Aeka even 
laughed, though she did comment that it seemed to undignified to play in wet 
dirt.
  After dinner everyone spread out to do their own things. Washu grabbed 
Tenchi for some experiments, Sasami was doing the dishes with Ryo-oki, and 
Mihoshi was watchign television and exercizing in the living room. This left 
Ryoko and Aeka sitting at the table. They sat there quietly for a while, 
then Ryoko looked at her. "So... what would you like to do?"
  Aeka looked at her for a minute. "I don't know. What would you like to 
do?"
  Ryoko grinned and shook her head. "I don't think either of us is used to 
this yet. But there is something I would like to know. Why don't you like 
me? I mean specifically."
  Aeka turned to look at the window. "I think it's because I am jealous of 
you. You have everything I don't. That's why I asked you to stay the way you 
were I guess."
  Ryoko sighed and looked at her. "I can't say I was hurt by that. I didn't 
even know who you were Aeka. But, now I do know and it still doesn't hurt. I 
just feel a bit... empty in the spot I keep your memory in. I realy do 
consider you a friend Aeka. But if you tell me that I am not your friend I 
will accept it."
  Aeka looked at her strangely. "Why do you think of me as a friend? I tried 
to kill you so many times I lost count. We've fought every day since we met. 
And..."
  Ryoko smiled and shook her head. "It's not something I did on purpose 
Aeka. It's up to you though. If you want I am willing to put everythign 
aside and be friends." Slowly, almost unnoticed Aeka nodded. "I think I woul 
like that Ryoko."

Epilogue: New memories

  Ryoko smiled down at the wedding dress she was wearing. The pattern of the 
lace caught her eye. Behind her Aeka stood and smiled at her. "You look 
beutiful Ryoko."
  Ryoko looked back at her and nodded. "Thank you Aeka." There was a quiet 
knock at the door.
  Sasami peeked her head inside. "It's time." Ryoko nodded and looked at 
Aeka. Aeka handed her the flowers she was supposed to carry, then followed 
behind her.
  Sasami and Ryo-oki walked ahead of Ryoko, each in matching pink dresses. 
As they walked they sprinkled flower petals.   Through her veil Ryoko saw 
people gathered on either side. Asuza and his wives were there along with 
many of the Juraian counsel and court. On the other side were friends and 
family from the area. They had been told that the Juraians were from the old 
world, which was more or less true. Yosho stood behind the podeum waiting to 
officiate the cerimony.
  Noboyuki and Tenchi stood waiting for them come forward. Washu was on the 
other side smiling broadly. Ryoko smiled and walked confidentaly towards the 
altar. The cerimony was a blur, mostly because the author doesn't know how 
they do things either in Japan or on Jurai. At the end however Tenchi 
removed her veil and kissed her deeply. As the crowd cheered Ryoko tossed 
her veil off and laughed. They enjoyed a great party, then after the other 
guests had left the family gathered by the lake. Washu had made Tenchi and 
Ryoko their own space ship so that Ryo-oki would be able to stay with Sasami 
and so that they could have some privacy.
  "We'll miss you two." Sasami said. The others agreed and hugged them all.
  "We'll be back soon enough Sasami." Ryoko said.
  As they boarded the ship Ryoko looked at Tenchi and smiled. "I think this 
will be alot of fun Tenchi." He smiled back and put an arm around her waist. 
Aeka and the others stood and watched them lift off and disapear into the 
sky. It wasn't an ending realy... just a way for me to finish this and 
possibly tie it in with a story I already wrote.

The End

Authors note
  I was going realy well right up until the end there. I just couldn't 
figure out how to handle a wedding. Don't worry though, I am actually 
considering doing a wedding fic already. In the mean time tell me what you 
thought about this fic at clayton_n@hotmail.com

