Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any of its affiliates, blah blah blah,
though I do own the character Sonora and all others I made up (basically all
the ones you don't recognize).  So don't sue me because I have no money.
Thanks, and enjoy!

The Prince of Darkness ~ Chapter Three:
Escape for But One Night

Back in Kagato's chambers, he sat pondering the day's events while gazing
dazedly out his window.  His mother was in the process of scolding him,
though he wasn't really listening.  He couldn't stop thinking about that
girl, Sonora.  Her sparkling hazel eyes haunted him, and the fluid motion of
her body and her sword as one filled his thoughts.  As he began mentally
undressing her, his thoughts were interrupted by his mother's sharp tone.

"Kagato, listen to me," she ordered, and he turned to face her.  Her face
was
flooded with concern, so he figured he'd better listen to her.  "Certainly
you cannot think that your actions today were appropriate, interrupting the
presentation for your silly little games."

"Mother, it is perfectly alright for a prince of Jurai to challenge a
soldier," he responded.  "Father wouldn't have lied to you about that,
especially not in front of all those soldiers, and not to mention the
General.  She looked formidable, and I was simply testing her skills."

His mother's eyes suddenly became glazed, a sad smile melting her stern
face.
 "My dear, you cannot possibly get caught up in infatuations right now," she
told him, taking his hands in hers.  He looked at her, confusion in his
face,
but she simply smiled.  "You know you must be married by your sixteenth
birthday, and you haven't gone suiting yet, but you mustn't get caught up
with a soldier.  You must marry into your own rank."

"But…uh...mother…what I mean is…I never…" Kagato tried, but his face
was
turning bright red despite his efforts.

"It's alright, dear," his mother replied, silencing his senseless jabbering.
"I had fantasies about marrying soldiers too when I was your age.  But
that's
all they were, fantasies.  Of course, I was quite a different story, but we
won't explore that subject any further.  All I'm saying, son, is not to let
yourself get caught up in any relationships between you and that soldier
girl.  It will only result in pain for both of you, and you know that that's
the last thing I want to happen."

Kagato just sat in stunned silence, taken aback by his mother's words.  He
had no idea she was so perceptive about his…attractions.  Still, she was
right.  Sonora was infatuating.  She wasn't what you would call gorgeous,
but
she had a simple beauty about her, an enticing quality that was so unique he
could find no words for it.  In his eyes she was the most beautiful woman in
the world, and nothing else could possibly take his thoughts off of her.

*   *   *   *   *

"I cannot believe that guy!" Sonora exclaimed as she sat in her bunk that
night.  She was rubbing her foot tenderly while talking to her befriended
bunkmates about the day's proceedings.  "I mean, first he flings a clip at
me, then he totally eyes me, and then he embarrasses me in front of the
General and the rest of the royal family.  He's just so arrogant it
astonishes me.  He thinks that he can do anything he wants and get away with
it!"

She sighed, falling back on her bed.  Her friend Cassie, who claimed the
bunk
above her, looked down over the rim of her bed and swung down next to her.
"Look at it this way, San," Cassie began, "it was, in a way, a gain for
you."

Sonora sat up, rubbing the back of her head.  Jase, who slept in the bunk
across from her, lifted her head from where she lay to look up at her
bewildered friend.  "What are you talking about?" Sonora asked, a puzzled
look on her face.

"Well, for one, that's way closer than I've ever been to Prince Kagato,"
Jase
told her matter-of-factly as she came to sit at her feet.  "And he is sooooo
hella fine."

"Secondly, you really impressed the General with your fighting skills,"
Cassie continued.  Sonora raised an inquisitive eyebrow, looking between the
two of her friends, and Cassie continued.  "You beat the prince of this
region," she explained politely.  "Not a lot of people can do that."

"Well, I guess you guys are right," Sonora admitted, letting go of the smile
she'd been holding back.

"Of course we are," Jase replied, and the three of them giggled.  "Now, what
do you say we hit the hangout?  I need some time to relax before we go
running off to battle."

"Sounds great to me," Cassie replied, and Sonora nodded.  "But we'll need
something really great to wear.  If I'm going to battle I wanna get lucky
first."

The girls burst out laughing and dispersed to rummage through their trunks
and bags.  This wasn't going to be as easy as they'd thought; they hadn't
expected to bring something really incredible to training camp, though they
did happen to have something up their sleeves.

Jase, who was on her third outfit, examined herself in the tall mirror
propped up against one of the bunk walls; she was wearing a pair of tall
black leather boots, a stiff black leather skirt with a silver waist chain,
and a tight white tee shirt.  Cassie, who was wearing a pair of faded jean
capris, a black tank top, and white platforms, came up behind her, examining
the outfit she'd just chosen.  "It looks great to me," she commented,
smiling
playfully at Jase.  "You sure bring a lot of obscure outfits to training
camp."

"Yeah, well at least I came prepared," Jase replied teasingly, smoothing the
shiny black surface of her leather pants.  "Sonora," she called over her
shoulder, "are you done changing into that outfit yet?"

Sonora shyly stepped forward from behind her bunk, her cheeks tinted a
bright
red.  She was wearing a tiny red dress, dipping down into a low v-neck held
up by two tiny red straps and barely covering her; underneath was a black
leotard that extended up into a high neck, and on her feet was a pair of
three-inch red heels.  "I don't know, Jase, it's really small," Sonora said
timidly.

"That's the point," Jase replied, ending her own fussing and turning around
to face her.  "Cass, could you grab me two rubber bands and a brush?" she
asked courteously.  Cassie reached over to her accessory box sitting beside
the mirror, from which she pulled two identical rubber bands and a small
white brush.  Jase took them from her without a second glance backwards,
uttering a perky "thank you" and stepped towards Sonora.

Sonora raised a questioning eyebrow at her friend's thought-filled
expression.  "We have got to do something with your hair," Jase told her
knowingly.  "Sit down on the bed," she added, waving a hand in the general
direction of her mattress.

Sonora, fearing her friend's reaction if she didn't, took a seat slowly on
the creaky mattress, smoothing her dress out beneath her nervously.  Jase
quickly set to work at brushing her long, smooth hair, running the brush
through her shiny brown locks until they shone.  Taking a rubber band in
between her front teeth she divided Sonora's hair into two sections and
braided each one, securing them with a rubber band.

"There," she exclaimed, stepping back to admire her work.  "Looks pretty
good, don't ya think, Cass?"

"Looks great!" Cassie replied enthusiastically.  "Well, what are you waiting
for, San?  Let's get going!  We don't want to miss another valuable hour
now,
do we?  You girls ready?"

By now Sonora had lost all nervousness about her attire, completely
distracted by her friends' cheerfulness, reminding her that she was in the
company of friends, and that she wouldn't have to worry about anything but
having fun.  "Girl, I was born ready," she replied, smiling broadly, and
together the three exited their bunk, ready for the perfect evening.

*   *   *   *   *

Katagouya had long left Kagato's bedroom for her own, leaving Kagato to
return to his thoughts about Sonora.  He had been thinking about the
situation since his mother had left, and he knew what he needed to do.  He
had to see Sonora one last time, or he knew that he would regret it for the
rest of his life.  The wind stirred his hair, illuminated in moonlight as he
stood on his balcony watching the braches sway in the breeze, and in a flash
he launched himself up and over the railing to hit the ground below at a
full
out run.

*   *   *   *   *

Inside the hangout, music was blaring in the speakers.  Cassie, Jase, and
Sonora were taking a break from dancing, sitting at a small round table in
all their glory and sipping coffee while inspecting their fellow soldiers,
lost in the beat of the music.  Sonora was taking another sip of coffee when
someone tapped her on the shoulder.  Looking up, she promptly spit her
coffee
back into her mug.

"Prince!" she cried, sitting up straight in her seat.  "I - uh - didn't
expect to see you here."

"Please, my name is Kagato," he replied coolly.  "I don't want anyone
dragging me away, ya know?"  He winked at her playfully.

Cassie poked Sonora, snapping her out of her stupor.  Had he really run away
from the palace to see her one last time?  It seemed nearly impossible, and
yet there he was, standing right in front of her.

"Care if I join you?" he continued.  Their response came in a jumble of
words
which he took to be a yes.  He pulled up a chair gracefully beside Sonora,
turned it around, and took a seat, his legs on either side of the chair
back.
 Sonora glanced over at him, then blushed profusely at his…generous groin
area; she couldn't believe she had actually looked at a guy's balls!   "So,
where exactly are you from?" he asked to no one in particular, though he was
staring at Sonora.

"Jase and I are from the western sector," Cassie jumped in.  "And Sonora is
native to the eastern.  Oh, that's so rude of me!  I'm Cassie, and this is
our friend Jase; I believe you already know Sonora," she added slyly,
shooting a wink in Sonora's general direction.

"It's nice to meet you both," he replied courteously.

Sonora smiled graciously at him.  "So, what brings you here?"

"I just wanted a chance to hang out with the soldiers who were going to
protect Jurai," he replied, smiling, and nudged her arm playfully. "There
was
one in particular I was planning on spending some quality time with,
though."

"Well, we certainly are honored by the presence of such a delicious guy,"
Cassie told him devilishly; Jase promptly kicked her under the table,
causing
her to flinch.

Kagato laughed, attracting Sonora's undivided attention.  She had never
realized how beautiful his smile was before.  She shook her head; maybe
she'd
had one too many cups of coffee.

"Ya know, Kagato, Sonora here isn't just a fighter," Cassie pointed out,
steering the conversation away from a stale ending.  "She's a singer, too."

"That's right," Jase piped up.  "She has her own band and everything.  She's
the lead singer.

"You guys," Sonora cautioned between clenched teeth, but they ignored her
subtle protest and continued with the conversation.

"Sonora, you shouldn't be ashamed of your talents," Cassie shot back, giving
her a slight tap on the arm.

"You guys!" Sonora tried in protest as Jase joined her, but she couldn't
help
herself from laughing as they came together in dragging her out onto the
dance floor.

The two finally succeeded in getting her over to the DJ, who, after
recognizing her from her band (Dragon's Kiss) more than happily agreed to
let
her sing to Dimension of Love.  Slightly bashful for the first time singing
(mainly because of the size of her dress), she took the mike and stood
before
her fellow soldiers as the music started.

When the cherry blossoms start to bloom,
Meet me here in my lonely room
We'll find a passion filled fantasy,
And this time you will stay with me

As she sang, her body and voice lent themselves to the music, and she soon
fell into a rhythmic movement synchronized with the beat of the song.

All the misery we knew before,
Stays away when you are at my door
My heart will sing at every gentle touch,
And, oh, you'll want me twice as much

Kagato watched her from where he stood, entranced by her beauty.  He felt he
could see her soul when she sang, and it was the purest, most beautiful
thing
he had ever had the privilege to behold.

A new dimension of love,
A bold adventure waiting for you
The true dimension of love
A soaring flight, a dazzling view

Kagato, lost in the music and the beauty of her magically swaying body,
stepped closer to her until he was directly behind her.  She glanced over
her
shoulder at him and smiled brightly, happy to have him so near.  Encouraged
by her reaction, he came closer, stepping slightly to her side, and wrapped
his hand around her own, holding the mike passionately.

We're gonna take it all the way,
We'll make the dream so totally real
See greater wonders by the day,
Then tell the stars what glorious rapture we feel

He pulled closer, parting his lips as his mouth closed in on the mike.  From
his lips poured the most beautiful voice Sonora had ever heard before as he
joined her in her glorious harmony.

Soon, with the start of spring
We'll know our hearts are changing
Leave the hurt behind
I'll be true and kind
Be the best you'll ever find

The crowd stood in wonderment as the two created such beautiful music
together.  Quieting, they dispersed from the dance floor to watch in silent
awe as they continued.

We don't ever have to cry or fight
Something tells me we can make it right
Enough of wandering far and wide
I just can't forget you though I've tried

I've never been so happy in my life, Sonora thought, leaning into his
muscled
chest.  Taking this as a sign and blushing slightly, he brought his other
hand down to wrap comfortably around her waist.

This is destiny so why pretend
Close your eyes and kiss me once again
I'll always be the only one you need,
So go where your deepest longing leads

Sonora slipped into a new state of bliss as he pulled himself closer to her
and they moved in rhythmic syncopation.

A new dimension of love
A bold adventure waiting for you
A true dimension of love
A soaring flight, a dazzling view

For once he felt happy, as if he really belonged in the world.  The rest of
the room faded out leaving just the two of them, alone, lost in their own
little world where everything was wonderful.  He felt there was no better
place in the universe.

We're gonna take it all the way,
We'll make the dream so totally real
See greater wonders by the day,
Then tell the stars what glorious rapture we feel

"They're so cute together," Cassie commented to Jase, who nodded dreamily.
"Imagine that, a prince and a soldier sharing their souls together."

Soon, in the April breeze
We will bring alive the memories
Yes I'm sure we will
Bring back every thrill
Make them all the lovelier still

"What do you mean?" Jase asked, turning her head slightly to look at Cassie,
who gazed over at the happy hair, smiling.

When the cherry blossoms start to bloom,
Meet me here in my lonely room
We'll find a passion filled fantasy,
And this time you will stay with me

"They say that a person bears their soul when they sing," she replied.  "You
can tell by the way they make such a beautiful harmony together that they're
in love."

All the misery we knew before,
Stays away when you are at my door
My heart will sing at every gentle touch,
And you will want me twice as much

The crowd cheered as the two finished their beautiful duet and the music
faded away.  Sonora blushed and took a bow; Kagato, seizing the opportunity,
grabbed her hand and held it up.  She looked over at him and he flashed an
encouraging smile, and the two took a simultaneous bow before walking off
the
"stage."

As the crowd started filing back out onto the dance floor, Sonora headed
back
towards the table they had been sitting at before, but stopped when Kagato
wrapped his hand around her wrist.  She turned to him inquisitively.  "May I
have this dance?" he asked.  She smiled at his gentile voice and the soft
touch of his hand.

"Of course," she replied, smiling uncontrollably.  He led her out onto the
dance floor as the quiet tune of a romantic slow song came over the
speakers.


Kagato pulled her into his warm embrace, holding her close against the
warmth
of his body, never wanting to let her go.  She sighed, melting into his
embrace, and was content to let her head rest on his willing shoulder as
their feet moved together slowly across the dance floor.

A few moments into the dance, Kagato whispered, "Have you ever heard the
story of the prince and the mage?"

Sonora lifted her head slightly but set it back down on his shoulder.  "Of
course I have," she replied.  "In Rose is one of my favorite books."

Kagato smiled.  "Mine too."

Sonora made a curious face, though he couldn't see.  "Why do you mention
it?"

"Well, in the book the prince falls in love with the mage because the two
sing a song together," he replied with slight hesitation.  "Because when two
people sing together, they bare their souls to each other, and no secret is
hidden…"  He trailed off, turning a bright red.

She smiled as her cheeks burned, and a single teardrop streamed down her
cheek to land on the soft fabric of his white undershirt.  Neither one had to
say anymore, and in truth Kagato needed not even mention In Rose, for she
already felt the same as he did.

As the song ended, Sonora reluctantly lifted her head from his shoulder,
wiping the tear stubbornly from her face with the back of her hand.  As
Kagato started heading back towards the table, she grabbed his wrist, smiling
naughtily.  "Oh no you don't," she said devilishly.  "You're staying for at
least a few more dances."

"I wasn't about to leave, ya know," he replied playfully.  "But even a prince
needs a rest."

"Well, now, you must be one lazy prince," she commented, cracking a smile as
she pulled him close.

"Well, I've been known to slack off a little," he replied, "but I always get
the job done, one way or another."

"So then, can you spare your loyal subject a few more dances, or is his royal
highness too weak to continue?"

Kagato smiled impishly, pressing himself close to her body.  "I think I could."

The two danced for several more dances, talking intermittently and thoroughly
enjoying themselves.  At last, even Sonora got worn out, and the two returned
to their table, this time without either Cassie or Jase.  Kagato glanced at
the clock: around two AM.

Leaning closer to her across the table, he whispered, "I really don't want
to leave tonight," taking his hand gently in his.

"But you do, right?" she asked, finishing his sentence for him.  He nodded
regretfully.

"But I don't want it to end like this," he added quickly.  "I want to take
you somewhere, far away from here, where can be alone."

"I would like that," Sonora replied, smiling gently.  "But you have to have
me home by four, okay?'

He smiled.  "I promise."