09/30/00


	     (Standard disclaimer begging for mercy)

         Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and the characters are
    not mine. They are owned by Pioneer/AIC (I think). I
    found them, and I'm just having a little fun with
    them. I'm not trying to make any money with them. This
    is simply for my own entertainment. Well, I hope it
    entertains a few others also, possibly. But please, 
    don't sue me. OK? Pretty please?
	  

      (This is and updated version. I fixed a few errors.
       If you notice any more feel free to point them out.
       I can't fix the story though, it is what it is.)






                 "The Prince and the Pirate"
                           -Part 1-


	"Ryo-Ohki is dropping out of warp. We are matching speed.",
 the computer's monotone voice chimed. The forward screen provided
 a image of the fleeing spacecraft, a shining speck in the vast
 ocean of space.

	"Magnify.", a man's voice quietly ordered.

	The ship now filled the screen, angular projections jutted
 out from the central hull, its spiky appearance resembling a
 collection of crystal more than anything else. The light of the
 nearby star struck it's multi faceted surface setting it alight.
 It was as beautiful as it was deadly.

	"What system is this?", he asked, casting a curious glance
 at the yellow star.

	"The Sol system."

	"Sol?", he wondered aloud. Why did that name sound so
 familiar?
	
	Their lengthy pursuit had taken them out of the galactic hub
 and into the less populated spiral arms of the galaxy. Never in
 his life had he been out so far. Ryoko and her ship, the
 Ryo-Ohki, were extremely cunning and dangerous opponents, only
 his dogged determination had enabled him to follow them this far.
 Now their flight had ceased and it appeared that the inevitable
 battle was at hand. The battle he'd been waiting for.

	On the ship's monitor Ryo-Ohki spun bringing its central
 crystalline projection in line with his ship, Funaho. Beams of
 energy arched out, lancing across space, slamming into the
 Funaho's shields. The ship rocked with the impact, shuddering as
 the shields strained to dissipate the blow. At the ship's helm
 Yosho struggled to keep his footing.

	"We are under attack.", the computer imparted, oblivious to
 the pointlessness of its information.

	"Initiate evasion pattern Yosho One!", he barked, as
 Ryo-Ohki loosened another barrage. 	
	
	Funaho's impulse engines revved to full, bearing in on the
 stationary Ryo-Ohki at top speed. Ryo-Ohki's plasma burst swung
 wide, its target was now barreling straight towards it. It tried
 to draw a bead on the closing Funaho again, but there was no
 time, the ship was on a course to ram. Ryo-Ohki swung back
 around, initiating its drive in an attempt to evade the suicidal
 attack. Funaho roared in, missing the fleeing Ryo-Ohki by no
 more than a hundred meters.

 	"FIRE!", Yosho screamed as the ships passed.

	Funaho fired off a withering broadside, plasma cannons along
 the ship's side erupting in sync. At such close range it was an
 attack that would have destroyed most ships. Ryo-Ohki, not being
 most ships, reeled away, blown backwards by the force of the
 combined blasts, spinning out of control, leaving a trail of
 debris in its wake. With his ship now at full speed Yosho fought
 to bring Funaho around to take advantage of his adversary's
 distress, but the Ryo-Ohki had already recovered and set off for
 a nearby blue green planet.

	"Colonized planet 315.", the computer reported, as the
 planet filled its viewer. "The Earth."

	"Earth?", he wondered, as half forgotten memories of
 childhood stories came flooding back. "Of course! Mother's
 planet."

	He had always known that his mother was from a distant
 planet, though he had never known its coordinates. Occasionally
 she would tell of her life there, before she had met his father.
 It had been a primitive world when she left all those years ago,
 with no knowledge of space travel or even electricity for that
 matter. He gazed down at the blue world with awe. So this was
 'Earth'.
	
	His ship was closing with the damaged Ryo-Ohki, its shields
 glowing red as it skimmed the planets outer atmosphere.
 Unexpectedly, Ryo-Ohki turned and fired on them, desperately
 trying to drive its pursuers away. 

	"Initiate evasion pattern Yosho Two!", he shouted, cursing
 his distraction. But it was too late, there was no evading the
 attack. The plasma bolts struck them head-on, Yosho was sent
 flying across control center. The ship howled in outrage as its
 shields buckled. Pieces of interior woodwork ricocheted around
 the cabin, becoming deadly projectiles. An ultra-sonic keening
 rose above the din, somewhere the hull had ruptured.
	"Damage report!", he yelled over the wailing.

	"Forward shields recharging, but temporarily nonfunctional.
 Primary and secondary hulls breached in aft section G seven.
 Anti-air guard number two damaged. Stellar drive is off-line."
	From his position on the floor he could see the Ryo-Ohki
 charging its main weapon for another volley. If that blow fell,
 he would be dead. Had he come so far only to be defeated by his
 own inattention?

	Distantly he could hear his old Academy Professor scolding
 him. "Yosho, you are an excellent swordsman, possibly better even
 than me, but you are your own worst enemy.", said Master Nisaki,
 after defeating him for the thousandth time. "Would you like to
 know how it is I manage to beat you time and time again?", he had
 asked with a gleam in his eye. "I know that all I really have to
 do is match you, given time you always defeat yourself.", he had
 laughed, clapping him on the shoulder. "If you ever learn not to,
 God help your opponents!"

	He had done it yet again, and this time it might very well
 cost him his life. He'd been a fool, following the most dangerous
 pair of criminals in the galaxy out into this desolate sector.
 Now he was going to die smoldering on the planet of his mother's
 birth with no one to mark his passing, no one to plant the Royal
 Teardrops upon his grave. There would be no songs would be sung
 about this battle. All that would be left was the story of the
 foolhardy prince who left to fight and never returned.
	He couldn't let it end like this, this was his moment. The
 defining moment of his life, even if it killed him he was going
 to be victorious.

	"Bring the ship hard around, one hundred and eighty
 degrees!", he ordered, struggling to his feet. If he was going to
 die, he was going to die fighting. 

	Thrusters fired and with agonizing lethargy Funaho's bow
 swung around. Ryo-Ohki's plasma bolts pounded the ship starboard
 side as it continued to turn. Gripping the control center's
 railing Yosho weathered the blistering fire. The control room
 glowed an eerie red as both ships plunged into the planet's
 atmosphere. Yosho eyes locked onto the ball of fire that was
 Ryo-Ohki. There had to be a way to defeat the ship. He'd already
 damaged it, and if it could be damaged, it could be destroyed.
	As the thought passed through his mind he noticed something
 strange about Ryo-Ohki's corona.

	"Magnify.", he quickly ordered. The screen zoomed in on the
 falling ship. His attack had been more effective than he had
 first realized. The irregularities in the ship's corona were made
 painful obvious now, in several places Ryo-Ohki's shields had
 completely collapsed leaving gaps in its protection. The fleeing
 ship was delicately orienting itself in just such a way to keep
 it from burning on reentry. There was his advantage, if he could
 only utilize it!

	"Shield status!"

	"Forward shields now at forty percent.", the computer calmly
 replied.

	Only forty percent? It would have to do.

	"Computer, mark points of shield weakness on the Ryo-Ohki.",
 he ordered.  "Rotate the ship back to prime and prepare to fire."
		
	The ships dropped into the Earth's lower atmosphere,
 friction slowing their speeds. Ryo-Ohki immediately oriented
 itself to fire on the pursuing ship, but Funaho struck first,
 dropping in with cannons blazing. Shots rang off Ryo-Ohki's
 shields as the ship attempted to returned fire. Funaho shook as
 the ship took several strikes on the forward shield, wafts of
 smoke were starting to drift through the cabin, but at least one
 of Funaho's bolts had struck home. 
	Ryo-Ohki turned to flee, leaving a trail of smoke and
 debris. Funaho, in hot pursuit, dropped in behind it, continuing
 to rain fire down. Bolts lashed the fleeing ship and the ground
 below. Pulling up, Ryo-Ohki returned fire as best it could.  

	"Computer, target the areas of shield weakness,", he
 ordered. "and prepare to fire!" This was it, he would never get a
 better chance.

	"FIRE!"
	
	Beams laced out from Funaho's cannons as Ryo-Ohki
 desperately turned, trying to orient its remaining shields, but
 it was hopeless. Fire erupted from a half dozen places along its
 hull; large sections of its fuselage were blown away. Mortally
 wounded, the Ryo-Ohki attempted to climb, but began to roll
 pitifully. Losing speed and attitude control Ryo-Ohki plummeted,
 spiraling in. Yosho followed the stricken ship as it blazed its
 way earthward. 
	Ryo-Ohki slammed into the ground, a massive fireball rising
 from its crash. The impact sent up a mushroom cloud of debris,
 vaporizing an area of the forest below. 

	Yosho brought Funaho in to hover above the smoking remains
 of Ryo-Ohki. Elation swept through Yosho. He'd done it! He'd
 defeated the undefeatable pirate. The pirate who had terrorized
 the galaxy for millennia, who'd had the audacity to attack planet
 Jurai, to attack the very palace itself. 

	There was no way anyone could have survived that crash, but
 then again Ryoko was not just anyone. The powers and abilities
 she had were incredible. He hadn't believed in them himself until
 he'd witnessed them on Jurai. Some rumors said that she wasn't
 even human, a robot perhaps or some other type of man made
 monster. There was only one way he could be sure, he would have
 to see her body with his own eyes. He would have to search the
 wreckage.
	
	He set the badly damaged Funaho down in a nearby clearing,
 and had himself teleported to the ground. Once outside the ship
 he had the chance to survey the extent of the damage. Only then
 did he realize just how lucky he had been. Funaho's hull was
 horribly scared, smashed and buckled in several places. One
 anti-air guard, a wing for travel in the atmosphere, hung
 uselessly from the ship. If he touched it he was sure it would
 fall off. But the worst damage was in the ships aft, the
 compartment that held the ship's stellar drive. There was a
 gaping hole in the hull, the drive inside was completely
 destroyed. Without that drive hyperspace was impossible, and
 there weren't any developed systems in the area that he could
 reach under impulse power. If someone didn't come looking for
 him, he was going to be stuck here, in the middle of no where,
 for a long, long time.
	With a sigh he looked across the devastated area to the
 crater that held the body of Ryo-Ohki and began to walk. A
 hundred small fires burned, filling the air with acrid smoke,
 darkening the sky. The countryside was deathly quiet. Colonized,
 the computer had said, there should be inhabitants about, though
 he had no idea as to how sophisticated they might be. According
 to what his mother had told him it was very likely that they'd be
 hiding. Tentatively, he gripped Tenchi-ken, the master key, as he
 neared the crater's rim. Looking down from the rim on Ryo-Ohki it
 seemed as though the hand of a angry giant had crushed it.
 Several of the ship's crystal spines lay broken about it, the
 hull appeared ruptured in places. The once feared ship looked
 like nothing more than a smashed crystal flower. 
	
	A cold chill washed over him, the hair on the back of his
 neck standing up. Something was wrong. He spun around bringing
 Tenchi-ken to life just in time to deflect the blow that surly
 would have killed him. As it was, he took a strike across his
 forehead right above his eyes. He could feel the blood beginning
 to flow. 
	The sight that greeted him was one from a nightmare. Howling
 with rage at her defeated attack Ryoko swept in, her energy sword
 blazing, viciously slashing, pounding her opponent's defenses.
 Her eyes, fiery holes filled with a pure primal rage. 
	With the efficiency of a machine she went work on Yosho,
 driving his sword high, driving his sword low, looking for
 weaknesses, but Yosho was the best swordsman on Jurai, which made
 him one of the best swordsman in the entire galaxy. He fell into
 the battle's rhythm, feeling out his foe. She was very powerful,
 but thankfully, she didn't seem particularly skilled. Her attack
 routines were well executed, but very basic, soon he had her
 meter and began to anticipate her moves. 
	The tide began to turn for him, his sword would shoot out
 intercepting blows that hadn't even been launched yet, he drove
 her back. The rage upon her face, was joined by expressions of
 frustration. He worked her sword low, forcing her on the
 defensive. Then with a snap of his wrist he brought his sword up
 and over her lowered defenses, striking for her shoulder. With a
 hiss of shock she vanished right before his eyes. 
	Startled, for a moment he hesitated, then tucked into a
 forward roll just as he felt her sword cut into his back. Yosho
 leapt to his feet facing her. He could feel the blood coursing
 down his back. Ryoko stood, one hand clutching her shoulder, her
 left arm hanging limp. Even as he watched the wound began to
 heal visibly. An eerie smile lit her face, and a horrible mocking
 laughter rang out from her.
	
	It seemed to say, "I can take this kind of punishment all
 day, but how long will you be able to take it?"

	Realizing the depth of his trouble he rushed in. He had to
 keep her off balance, and injured if possible. His felt his
 wounds already beginning to take there toll, he was tiring. Just
 as he drew close enough to strike, Ryoko shot into the air, out
 of reach. The mocking laughter continued as she leveled her hand
 at him, a bolt of energy shot out. 
	Tenchi-ken arched up to meet the incoming missile,
 deflecting it. Several bolts followed in quick succession as she
 toyed with him, giving herself the time to heal her wound. Yosho
 swung his sword about, deflecting each missile as it came. There
 wasn't much more he could do, she could stay out of reach firing 
 bolts at him all day, gradually wearing him down. He could block her
 bolts for hours if he had to, but eventually it was going to come
 down to one sword versus another. If he wasted his energy like
 this he would never survive the coming fight. He had draw her in,
 to choose the time of that fight himself. An idea came to him.

	"Devil!", he yelled, during the lull.

	Her laughter floated down to taunt him. That was not the
 reaction he'd been hoping for.

	"So this is the 'Great' pirate Ryoko is it?", he sneered,
 changing his tact. "Just a little girl with a few parlor tricks
 to impress the ignorant?" 
	"How terribly impressive.", he said, a sarcastic smile on
 his face. Ryoko's fiery eyes bored into him. The laughter had
 stopped.
	"I was expecting a fight, but all I got was a magic show.",
 he laughed. In the air above him, Ryoko seethed.

	"You've been a very naughty girl, little Ryoko.", he said,
 slapping Tenchi-ken in the palm of his hand. "Now what do we do
 with naughty little girls? Oh, yes. Spank them. Is that what you
 need Ryoko? A spanking?"
	
	Ryoko floated, quaking with rage. Her eyes flared red, the
 gems imbedded in her body flared in sync. Yosho's eyes narrowed
 in suspicion.
 
	Those gems, what were they? He hadn't noticed them before.
 One at her throat, and one on each wrist. Did they have something
 to do with her power?

	"Why don't you come down here so I can put you across my
 knee?", he sneered. With an inarticulate howl of rage Ryoko
 loosened her most powerful bolt yet, the gem on her wrist flashed
 as the power was released. 
	Yosho was sure now, the gems were the key, he had to get
 them from her if he was ever going to win. With the help of a
 shield from Tenchi-ken, Yosho managed to deflected the bolt away,
 hearing it explode somewhere behind him, his arm ringing with the
 effort. It was time to put his theory to the test.

	"I've had enough of these games, coward!", he growled,
 challenging her. "Come on, show me what you've got!"
 
	Ryoko swooped on him like a bird of prey, shrieking as she
 came. Straight down came her blade, Yosho brought his sword up to
 block, but was dropped to his knees by the force of the blow.
 Their swords flared as they struck, a shower of sparks engulfed
 them both. With a snap roll to one side, Yosho quickly put some
 space between himself and his opponent, but Ryoko was on him
 again in seconds.
	His arms were still numb from the blow, he felt lucky they
 weren't broken. Incredible! He'd never experienced anything like
 it before. How could one person possess such power?

	Her sword came in almost too fast for the eye to follow.
 Acting almost purely on instinct Yosho brought his sword around,
 intercepting the strike. There was no time to think, only to act.
 A half dozen other slashes followed in quick succession. He back
 peddled, giving ground, buying time. Relentlessly she attacked,
 her strikes coming fast and furious. While managing to deflect
 the most sever blows, he was unable to stop them all. Blood
 flowed down his arms, ran into his eyes, it glued his tunic to
 his back. He was losing.

	Yosho struggled to regain his balance, his calm. He had to
 control himself before he could hope to control the battle. He
 knew his adversary, he knew her attacks. Even though they were
 coming much faster, they were still the same attacks. He had to
 get inside her head, to find her rhythm. There were patterns to
 be found; an overhand strike, followed by a sweeping slash,
 followed by an underhand leg strike. He had to use her
 predictability to his advantage, to allow her to defeat herself.

	He took the initiative, timing his move for the proper
 moment. In came her sword sweeping across his midsection as he
 parried. With a spin, back came the sword at his legs. He leapt
 over the blade, spinning, bring his sword around. Expecting him
 to parry, her sword arm swung wide of the target, vulnerably
 exposed. Down came Yosho's sword striking her on the wrist,
 severing her hand, striking the gem embedded there. With a gasp
 Ryoko reeled back clutching her damaged arm, her severed
 appendage vanishing in a quickly dissipating cloud. Yosho stared
 in wonder at the blade of his sword, and the gem entrapped there.
 As he watched, it slowly descended though the blade.
 
	Howling with fury Ryoko charged him again, her hand
 regenerated, her sword flashing back to life. But this time the
 blows she stuck seemed less potent, less effective. Yosho was on
 the offensive now, his sword waiting for the next opening. Now
 that he knew what to do, he had to end this, and end it soon,
 before he became too weak to win out. Confident now, Yosho
 executed an series of deft parries, sending her into a routine he
 knew well. Ryoko swung her sword high, arcing down towards his
 head. He rushed in, halving the distance between them. Caught in
 the midst of her swing she was unable to stop it, up came Yosho's
 sword arm, his blade held horizontally. The momentum of her
 strike drove her arm right onto the waiting blade. Ryoko
 staggered back, her face a mask of agony, she stumble and fell
 sprawling, twitching in the dirt.

	Yosho, panting for breath, watched as the gem flowed down
 the blade to join the other, reappearing, embedded in
 Tenchi-ken's hilt. He turned to regard the fallen woman who
 writhed on the ground. Sudden her movements stopped and for a
 second he thought the end had come, but slowly her arms pushed
 out as she levered herself off the ground. She rose to her feet,
 her back to Yosho. Slowly she turned to him, a horrible smile on
 her face, her eyes aflame. Yosho set his feet, ready his sword,
 and awaited the inevitable. Screaming, mindless, she charged
 him, arms out before her, fingers curled, clawing for him like an
 animal. Ryoko lunged at him and he struck, piercing her throat.
 He held her at bay on the end of his sword, as she grasped for
 him, her hands clenching and unclenching. Her vacant eyes
 glowing, she bared her teeth in a macabre grin. As the sword drew
 out the last gem her struggling slowed, becoming weaker. Her arms
 dropped to her sides. As the fire in Ryoko's eyes was
 extinguished, her legs buckled. She collapsed in a heap at his
 feet.

	Yosho fell to his knees, gasping for breath. He looked down
 at Ryoko where she lay, deathly still, her battle suit
 dissipating. Was it finally over? Was she really dead? He looked
 at the hilt in his hand, he gazed at the three shining gems now
 embedded there. The gems kept moving in and out of focus. He
 tried to get to his feet, but his vision swam, his legs
 shuttered. 
	With the heat of battle now gone, massive fatigue crashed
 down on him, he'd lost a lot of blood. He had to get to Funaho,
 to the med. unit on board, his injuries were sever. It was
 possible he could die, he realized. Once again he tried to stand,
 but as he did his head spun, a wave darkness swept over him. His
 eyes rolled back in his head as he lost consciousness. His last
 conscious image was of the ground rushing up to meet him, as he
 crashed to earth next to his fallen foe.



	Nearly a half hour had passed before several figures warily
 emerged from their hiding place at the edge of the clearing. The
 man at their head clutching a battle worn sword, his blade at the
 ready. He was follow by three other men, all frightenly wielding
 farming implements as weapons. Cautiously they made their way
 across the blasted ground to the pair lying near the crater.
 Moving quietly, alert for any sudden movements, they slowly
 covered the dozen meters to the fallen warriors. At the last
 second, the two trailing men balked, too scared to continue,
 their voices raised in fear. The warrior silenced them with a
 sharp motion of his hand as they fell back. He waved the
 remaining man back as well, continuing on alone. Upon reaching
 them he knelt examining the fallen samurai whose battle he had
 watched so intently. He bled from a dozen wounds, his hand still
 griping the hilt of his sword, but it's amazing blade was now
 extinguished. As he rolled him onto his back, the samurai
 groaned. The other men jumped at the sound, shuffling backwards,
 ready for flight. But the strange samurai remained unconscious,
 his breathing steady.

	'This one will live to fight again.', the old man thought. 
	
	His eyes drifted over to the warrior's demonic adversary.
 Was this really the monster he had seen fighting so viciously?
 The naked figure of a girl lay face down, her arms sprawled to
 her sides. Cautiously he reached out, feeling her neck for a
 pulse. Her neck was warm to the touch. For some reason he had
 expected the flesh of a demon to be cold, icy, like death. To his
 surprise, he felt a pulse, strong and steady. She lived. He
 rolled the young woman with the strangely colored hair over. This
 was a demon? She lay there, her eyes closed, her face serene as
 that of a sleeping child. There was no blood, not a single wound
 marred her. Demons come in many forms, and he had seen this one
 fight. He knew well enough not to be fooled by her appearance.
	Standing, he sheathed his sword and walked back to his
 waiting companions.

	"Yoshi, fetch some rope. Bind that one.", he said, nodding
 in the girl's direction. "You two, fetch a couple of sturdy
 planks, we'll take these two back to the shrine."

	"B-but, sir!", one of the men stuttered, nervously eyeing
 the smoking crater and the strange air-ship that loomed in the
 far clearing. "What if there are more of them!"

	The swordsman turned to regard the ship. "If there were more
 of them they would have showed themselves by now.", he said.
 "Hurry now, I want that demon bound before she awakens. Unless of
 course you'd like her to get loose and perhaps pay a visit to
 your farm, eh, Manaki?"

	The man's eyes went wide with alarm, as he took a step back.
 "Gods no, Sir!", he choked.
	"Then you had better get moving,", he suggested. "all of
 you." Manaki ran off at a breakneck pace for the woods, Yoshi
 hot on his heels. The last man hesitated.
 
	"Father?", he asked.

	"I'll wait here for you. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine,
 Kanida", he said, to ease his son fears. "Now go and help Manaki,
 all right?"

	With a final look over his shoulder, Kanida set off in
 pursuit of two men. The old man watched as his son vanished into
 the trees. Stretching, he turned to regard the two distant
 figures laying on the ground. He squatted, taking a seat to wait
 for the return of the others. 

	"A strange day indeed,", he muttered to himself. "When
 creatures of myth walk the earth." 

	He'd heard legends, but never had he thought he'd see
 such things himself. Perhaps they were more than just legends
 after all. He look around the hazy clearing, smoke from the
 smoldering fires burning his eyes. And to think, he'd come to
 this valley all those years ago to escape a lifetime of warfare.
 He'd come here to spend his remaining years in peace and quiet.
 
	He chuckled to himself.
 
	He'd come here because nothing of interest *ever* happened
 here.



                         (more to come)
	



     [I'd like to thank Richard Hall, Nik (who needs no last name)
 and John K. Wright for proofreading, giving me advise and helping
 me grammatically. Anything you find disagreeable with the writing
 or story can of course be attributed to them. (I'm kidding, 
 thanks guys!)]		
 

	

	          Questions? Comments? Angry rants? 

			 Contact: Ocristiii@aol.com