Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any of its affiliates, blah blah blah,
though I do own the character Sonora and all others I made up (basically all
the ones you don't recognize).  So don't sue me because I have no money.
Thanks, and enjoy!

The Prince of Darkness ~ Chapter Two:
The Beginning of the End

Kagato squeezed his mother's arm in reassurance.  At the end of the hallway,
a huge crowd of loyal Jurains awaited their appearance.  He took a deep
breath, turning to smile quickly at his mother, as they stepped up to the
grand entryway doors.  His mother smiled gracefully at the guards standing
in
front of it and they stepped aside, pulling the doors slowly open to reveal
a
huge group of people shifting restlessly and chatting quietly amongst
themselves; Kagato truly admired his mother's courage.

Outside the doors, down a row of ballroom steps, the crowd quieted with
respect as the two stepped out into the bright sunlit afternoon.  The two
continued down the stairs, smiling respectively at the people lining the
bottom of the stairway.  At the foot of the stairs, standing alone in the
crowd, was his father, King Shinji Amanos.  Kagato led his smiling mother to
him, and he took her hand, looking so tiny in his great big one.  The
smiling
prince walked behind his mother and father as the crowd parted to let them
through.  It wouldn't take long to get to the flats, where the troops would
be waiting.

At the end of the pathway, lined with eager citizens, the tall General
Tasuki
Osotako stood, bedecked in uniform and looking quite professional.  Kagato's
parents stepped in front of him, smiling, yet still keeping that formality
that they donned in public.  Shinji and Tasuki shook hands, and the General
fell into step with them, Kagato's mother walking on the other side of the
General, and Kagato still slightly in tow.

"It was very good of you to come, Lady Katagouya," the General said without
turning.  "With all the people here, I feared for your safety, should there
be a riot."

"General, there should certainly be nothing to worry about," Katagouya
replied, keeping her focus straight ahead.  "These people are loyal Jurains,
devoted to the royal families of Jurai.  They feel blessed by our presence;
they certainly wouldn't do anything to harm us.  Not when we are coming to
present the soldiers."

"Ah, madam, you are too faithful in your people," the General told her
matter-of-factly.

"They are faithful in me, General," Katagouya replied confidently.  "There
is
no reason they do not deserve the same."

Kagato politely strained an ear to listen to their conversation, which
wasn't
very difficult to do due to the silence around them.  Finally the crowd
dropped away to reveal a wide, flat landscape devoid of any change in the
elevation except for the snow capped mountains in the distance.  A few miles
away he could just make out the troop settlement, where rows and rows of
Jurain soldiers were lined up in rigid formation.

Directly before them were two buggies, bedecked with the royal crest and
intricate designs carved into the framework.  Katagouya, Tasuki, and Shinji
boarded the larger one at the head of the two with flowing red velvet
curtains covering the entryway, and Kagato silently seated himself in the
smaller one to the rear.  Once inside he was alone, able to lose himself
amongst the rhythmic clacking of the wheels and the steeds' hooves against
the ground.  Sighing, he leaned his head against the window, gazing out
across the barren flats and watching solemnly as his splendid palace faded
away.

He was stirred from his silent thoughts as the steeds pulled to a halt, and
the curtains of his buggy were pulled back by a bowing servant.  Kagato
smiled, though he felt disgusted; he hated the way there were so many people
under them, the way they always seemed to do all work.  He continually
wondered whether they could be as happy about their jobs as they said they
were.

Spread out before them was a landscape completely different from the lush
landscaping of the palace's gardens.  Troops, fighter jets, carriers, and
land vehicles attended by scattered mechanics were gathered in clumps all
around.  Kagato turned his attention to his parents' buggy and watched with
false interest as they stepped down to the level ground before stepping up
and falling into stride with them.  Behind them he could hear the clatter of
the buggies as they pulled away.

Led by General Tasuki, they stepped before the troops lined up in a rigid
formation perfected down to the very inch.  As they passed, the soldiers
saluted, gathering themselves quickly to attention.  Tasuki stopped with
instantaneous reflexes and they fell up beside him, without such rigid
precision but with the same formality.  The General took a few steps
forward,
keeping his eyes pinned to the soldiers in front of him.  Clearing his
throat, he began his ritualistic speech that marked the beginning of the
presentation of the soldiers:

"Today is the beginning of a new era.  It will mark the beginning of a
battle
that you are willing to fight, and you will face it with courage, strength,
and skill, as you have been prepared to do, because you, as the best of this
nation, will represent Jurai."

As the General continued his speech, Kagato began to zone out, since he had
heard the General's speech so many times he could practically recite it by
heart.  His eyes scanned the soldiers in front of him casually, and his
breath caught in his throat as his eyes caught on a solitary figure.  He
raised a tentative eyebrow at the familiar curves, her flowing dark brown
hair pulled tightly into dual buns raised high on her head, her hazel eye
looking straight in front of her.  His mind flashed back to the balcony; it
was the girl who had caught his clasp.  No one seemed to notice as his keen
eyes swallowed her up, inch by inch.  It looked as if she had been poured
into her uniform, her nicely toned muscles showing through where her white
undershirt hugged her curves; but the one thing that really caught his eyes
was the other half of his clasp, pinned neatly to her uniform jacket.

Though she knew she should have remained at attention and avoid eye contact,
she was burning up inside.  If any other guy had been staring at her so
hungrily for so long she would have nailed him by now, and no matter how
hard
she fought the urge, it eventually won.  She flicked her eyes over to the
prince, and they immediately went wide upon recognizing him from earlier.
She
hadn't even noticed his outfit then, but it fit perfectly.  The hair, the
eyes, even that mischievous little smile that broadened when he noticed her
eyes.  As quickly as she could she snapped back to attention, but the damage
was already done.

"You," Kagato said, desperately fighting back a haughty smile.  The General
had been interrupted mid-sentence, and he waited attentively for the prince
to state his excuse for interrupting such an important ceremony.  Kagato
stepped directly in front of Sonora, and she could feel the others' eyes
glued to the two of them.  She remained at attention, retaining her
confidence, though it took all her memories of training to keep from socking
him right in the face.  "What is your name?"

"Sonora Okouyama, my prince," she replied as solemnly as her patience would
allow.

"You stepped out of attention," he told her, trying out his commandeering
prince voice.  "A soldier is never supposed to look directly at a member of
the royal family when they are at attention unless the royal family member
presents themselves directly in front of the soldier, am I not correct?"

Sonora's rage was building, though it was quite clear to her that the prince
was enjoying himself.  Reluctantly, she bowed before him on one knee,
lowering her head to him.  "Forgive me, my prince," she replied, regaining
her composure.  "I was out of line."

"Stand up," the prince ordered firmly, though when she stood he was smiling.
>From his belt he drew his sword, facing her at the ready.  There was an
audible gasp from Katagouya, but the rest of the company remained silent.
Flames flared in Sonora's eyes.  "You appear quite the formidable soldier."
He poked her lightly with the tip of his sword, and it was all she could do
to keep from flinching.  "Quite strong, good posture.  Since I am a warrior
in training, I would like to challenge you."

"Surely that is not-" his mother started, but his father placed a hand on
her
shoulder, stopping her mid-sentence.

She turned to Shinji and whispered something inaudible from where Kagato
stood, and Shinji shook his head.  "The boy can challenge a soldier to prove
their worth," he told her, loud enough for him to hear.  "Even if it is in
the middle of a very important ceremony," he added, with a sharp sideways
glance towards his son.  Katagouya gripped his father's arm tightly and
watched uneasily as the two exchanged glances.

Kagato raised an eyebrow, and Sonora stepped from her rank to face him,
slowly drawing her own sword from its sheath at her back.  A ray of sunlight
danced across the blade of Kagato's sword as he turned it casually in his
hands, its power showing through in its remarkable craftsmanship. The two
touched swords, then took a step back.

"Don't expect me to go easy on you just because you're a prince," Sonora
growled, though her tone had a playful tone to it.

"Just as long as you don't expect me to go easy on you because you're a
woman," Kagato replied, hoping to provoke her into making the first move.

His plan worked; nothing got Sonora more enraged than a stuck-up male
insulting women's strength.  Intent on revenge, Sonora launched at him,
thrusting sharply to the left.  The short was blocked, then parried as the
clash of their swords rang out in a precise and rhythmic dance.  She brought
her sword up towards his head, which he easily blocked with his own blade
and
thrust her back and away from him.

"You're going to have to do better than that to beat me," Kagato commented
with a mischievous smirk on his face.

"And you're going to have to stop avoiding me," she shot back, thrusting her
sword foreword again.  Their swords clanged as they met once again.

She pulled back, striking diagonally to the waist, and was blocked, then hit
again to the chest, and was again blocked.  Attempting to distract him, she
made a procession of quick jabs to the left and right at repetitive
locations
all over his body, though she never expected to actually make contact with
any of those hits.  Sonora could see his impatience growing in the way his
motions became more agitated, and she knew that soon he would make the move
that would put her on top of this battle.

Her instincts once again proved correct; seeing him draw back, as quick as
it
was, to make a strong foreword jab, she grasped her sword between her teeth,
and, launching off her feet, did a few quick flips backward just in time to
escape the taste of Kagato's blade.  She landed on her feet, blade in hand,
standing at the ready.  Kagato, irritated that his best attack hadn't
worked,
ran towards her, his blade held fast in front of him.  The clang of metal
rang out as their swords met again, neither of them yielding to the other.

"You're pretty good," Kagato uttered through clenched teeth as he braced
himself against his sword, their bodies suddenly close together.

"You're not so bad yourself," she replied with a playful grin, "but you're
not good enough to beat me, whether you're a prince or not."  She wasn't
about to let the fact that he was a Jurain prince keep her from the victory
that was so rightfully hers.

With that, Sonora flung him backwards with a strong and unexpected push
outwards on her sword.  Just as he was regaining his footing, she launched
full at him, her blade at the ready.  But when he thought she was going
straight at his mid-section, she launched off the ground and sailed over
him,
turning in mid-air and landing with her sword at his throat.  They were both
panting, but she was smiling triumphantly.

She slowly lowered her sword, putting it at rest once again in its humble
sheath at her back.  Kagato turned around to face her and bowed
respectfully.


"Thank you for allowing me this battle," Sonora said, bowing respectfully
before falling back into rank.

"You are the one who does me the honor of allowing a battle," Kagato replied
modestly.  He stepped towards her, extending his hand.  After a moment's
consideration, she shook it gratefully before returning to rigid attention.

Kagato strode back to his parents, his mother looking quite relieved though
agitated and his father with a stern kingly look upon his strong face.  He
was once again the regal prince he had been a few moments before, as if the
entire duel had never taken place.  The General looked at the king and
queen,
one eyebrow raised inquiringly, then turned back to his troops with a sigh,
shaking his head slightly.

"In the midst of battle you must never forget who you are," he continued,
disregarding the prince's rude interruption.  "You are Jurain soldiers,
proud
of your nation and your planet.  You will stand tall when faced with danger
and will not fall at the hands of the enemy.  You are strong, and you will
face the future not with fear, but with courage.  And so, we welcome a new
day, where soldiers will lead Jurai to victory."

He stepped back behind the king and queen, allowing them to face the
awaiting
soldiers with an inspirational speech of their own.  "We are glad to have
you
serving our planet," Katagouya announced, her voice surprisingly willing to
carry to all the soldiers.  "You are a fine bunch of soldiers, the best of
the best, and we have faith in you."

"This is the beginning of the end," Shinji continued.  "It is the dawn of a
new era, in which darkness shall be eminent.  But we shall face this
darkness
with your courageous will to stand against it, and protect this planet.
Remember, you are soldiers of Jurai, and soldiers of Jurai never fight
losing
battles."

With these final words, the entire group of soldiers saluted as one, the
General along with them.  The presentation had been completed, unsurpassed
in surprises by any before it.
