Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer 
LDC.  That means I own only the writing.  (Author throws the 
story in a steel safe and closes the door with a clang.)  
So keep your filthy paws off it.  (Author grins.)  Well, 
here we go.  Thanks for reading.


The Princeless Bride


	Cutting through space like a wooden man of war from 
medieval Earth history, the massive starship, Bandakar, was 
silent as it proceeded on its way through the vast network 
of star systems that was the galaxy.  Sitting in an ornate 
if not lavishly decorated room aboard this ship, Prince 
Jadarin of Edel stared at the viewscreen and shook his head 
in disgust.
	"Really, what do these Jurains take me for?"  he asked 
aloud.  "Word gets out I'm looking for a suitable bride, and 
all of a sudden, I've got kings trying to unload their 
daughters on me.  Not even half of them are warriors and the 
other half are wastes of perfectly good oxygen."
	Standing next to him, Jadarin's First Nakrakai, Bovarin, 
nodded in agreement.  "It seems that they misunderstood the 
'suitable,' part of the announcement."
	"Heh,"  was Jadarin's only reply as he inserted a new 
datacrystal into the control port.  "Let's see what King Azusa 
has to say about *his* daughter."
	A picture appeared on the screen of a purple-haired 
woman with two long tresses.  Then the scene changed to what 
appeared to be combat footage.  The woman, in a Jurain battle 
outfit was fighting a man with glasses.  Jadarin shook his 
head and sighed.  "At least he had enough sense to understand 
what I meant by 'suitable,' but she doesn't even come close."  
He was about to turn the viewer off when someone caught his 
eye.  He paused and watched.  A cyan-haired woman was also 
fighting the spectacled man, only she was putting much more 
heart into the fight.  Jadarin sat back and watched as the 
spectacled man slammed her into a fallen marble column and 
struck down with his sword, only to see that the woman had 
sunk into the marble.
	Jadarin watched transfixed, fast forwarding through 
images of the princess to get to images of the other woman.
	"Bovarin, who is this woman?"
	Bovarin was looking at the letter that came with the 
crystal.  "It says Ayeka and 'other,' whatever that's supposed 
to mean."
	Jadarin didn't spare him a glance.  He was rewinding 
the tape again.  "Send a copy of this to the homeworld, the 
Galaxy Police, and our contacts within the Jurain Secret 
Intelligence Service.  I want to know everything, and I mean 
*everything*, about this woman."
	"I obey, My Prince."
	Jadarin didn't watch him leave the room.  He was too 
busy watching the viewscreen.

	It was several days later that Bovarin entered the 
Prince's chambers and found him blowing his nose into a 
handkerchief.
	"Are you ill, My Prince?"  Bovarin asked worriedly.
	Jadarin waved the idea aside.  "No, no, I just got done 
watching the crystal the SIS sent me.  Imagine, Bovarin, being 
trapped in a cave for seven *hundred* years!  Unable to 
practice the art you love so much, unable to fly or walk or 
gaze up at the stars.  Unable to hunt or make war upon your 
enemy, an enemy that resides within walking distance of you!"  
He shook his head.  "She deserves better.  She deserves a 
life of unending conquest, a life of war and song."  His voice 
turned bitter.  "Instead of being trapped on a provincial 
planet, forced to live with a stuck-up Jurain princess who 
treats her as trash and a male who is so dense, he doesn't 
realize what a treasure he could possess."
	Bovarin listened raptly.  He had never heard his Prince 
speak so respectfully in regards to a woman.
	"What planet did you say she was on?  Urth?"
	Bovarin nodded.
	"Then we shall go to this Urth and rescue her.  I will 
give her the glory, honor, and happiness she deserves, and 
she will be my queen!  Bovarin, order the helmsman to make 
for Urth!  Flank speed!"
	Bovarin bowed, excited that his Prince had finally 
chosen a bride.  "At once, My Prince!"

	"I'm telling you, Washu, she's having a bad reaction 
to it!"  Ryoko tried again.  Baby Mayuka was screaming in 
Washu's arms as the petite scientist tried to feed her the 
bottle.
	"Nonsense, Ryoko!  My formula is one hundred percent 
safe!"
	Ryoko growled.  "Washu, listen to me, I really think 
it's making her sick!  Tenchi, help me on this!"
	Standing off to the side, Tenchi looked uncomfortable.  
"I don't know, Ryoko.  I mean, Washu does have experience at 
this kind of thing."
	"But Tenchi..."
	"You heard him, *Little* Ryoko,"  Washu interrupted.  
"Now you just leave this to me."
	"But..."  Ryoko gave up, growled, and stormed out of 
the room.  Tenchi watched her go.
	"Um, Little Washu, you're *sure* the formula is okay?"
	Washu blinked at the question.  "Well....reasonably 
sure."
	Tenchi sighed and started making a new batch of formula.

	"We are in orbit around Urth, My Prince."
	"Excellent,"  Jadarin said.  "I will leave at once."
	Bovarin blinked.  "My Prince, you mustn't."
	"Eh?"
	Bovarin explained.  "It's tradition.  Royal brides are 
summoned, not sought after.  Allow me and two Nakrakai to 
summon her.  To go yourself would be...unseemly."
	Jadarin hmm'd in thought.  "I don't want to appear 
unseemly," he thought out loud.  "Very well, Bovarin, I will 
trust in your judgement, however, I must caution you.  Lady 
Ryoko will undoubtedly wish to test your worth.  Do not 
disappoint her."
	"I will not, My Prince.  I will bring honor to your 
noble house."
	Jadarin smiled.  "I know you will, old friend."
	"I will take Nalia and Rokara with me, if it suits you."
	"Very well.  The War Gods be with you, Bovarin.  I 
will prepare for my bride's glorious arrival."
	Bovarin bowed and left.

	Ryoko stormed into the woods, scowling.  Imagine, she 
was five thousand years old and still being called, "Little," 
by a mother she had never known in a condescending attitude.  
That formula was making Mayuka sick.  She knew it.  She could 
sense it, but did they stop and think for a second that she 
might know what she was talking about?
	Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo.
	She was still mentally berating Washu for insulting her, 
Tenchi for not backing her up, and herself for walking out 
without a fight when she stopped suddenly.  She sensed 
something.
	"Lady Ryoko,"
	She almost jumped out of her skin.  The voice came from 
right behind her.  She turned and activated her lightsword.  
A man in a light brown cape stood there.  He was dressed as 
a warrior, right down to a light chain mail that covered his 
chest.
	"Who are you?" she asked.
	"I am Bovarin, and I am here to summon you to your 
destiny."
	She sensed two more people behind her and turned.  A 
trap!  She leapt into the air and at the man called Bovarin.  
Bovarin ignited a lightsword of his own and blocked, but 
Ryoko lashed out with her foot and sent Bovarin into a tree.  
Ryoko turned to the others, two women, one with long black 
hair and another with blue hair just a shade lighter than 
Sasami's.
	The black haired one held a staff of some kind.  She 
began to chant, the decorative end of the staff began to glow.  
Suddenly, the world got dark, the air became still.  Ryoko 
couldn't see or hear anything!  She began to panic.
	Suddenly, her gem came to life, flashing bright red.  
The world came back to her.  She saw the woman approaching 
her.  She snarled.  The woman's eyes widened in shock.
	"She can see me!" she gasped.
	Ryoko lunged, swinging her sword around.  The woman 
screamed.  "Nalia, help!  She's gonna kill me!"
	The blue haired woman leapt forward and slammed into 
Ryoko, knocking her down and landing on top of her.  Ryoko 
pulled her legs back to her breast and planted her feet on 
her opponent's chest.  She pushed with all her strength.  
The woman went flying.  
	By this time, Bovarin had recovered.  He reached into 
his pocket and produced two crystals.
	Ryoko wasn't stupid enough to hang around with three 
to one odds.  She flew into the air...
	Just as Bovarin threw the crystals.
	The crystals spread apart in midflight, an arc of 
electricity passing between them.  The crystals passed on 
either side of the fleeing Ryoko, the electical arc hit her.
	Like a bola, the crystals began to wrap around Ryoko, 
channelling more of the arc into her.  She screamed and fell 
from the sky, hitting the ground with a loud thud.  She tried 
to get up, but the crystals were still emitting an incredible 
amount of power.  She screamed.
	Nalia got to her knees and shook her head.  Rokara 
offered a hand and helped her to her feet.  "She could see 
me,"  Rokara said in amazement, throwing a look to Ryoko.  
"Even after I stilled the world around her.  Amazing."
	Bovarin watched as Ryoko fell into unconsciousness.  
He sighed in relief.  For a moment, it appeared that victory 
would evade them.  He looked at his fellow Nakrakai.
	"Our Prince has chosen well," he remarked.  The two 
women nodded.

	Ryoko's eyes opened slowly.  She expected to be lying 
on the hard, plasticrete floor of a prison cell, or, in the 
best case scenario, on the forest floor near the Masaki 
shrine.
	She was baffled when she realized she was on neither.  
She was lying on a soft bed, the most comfortable she had 
ever slept in.  She sat up in bed and studied her surroundings.  
She was in an immense, luxurious bedroom.  The walls were 
painted gold, after all, it *couldn't* be *real* gold, and 
the room was lit by several chandeliers.  She could hear 
the sound of flowing water nearby and saw a fountain and 
onsen off in the corner.  Her hand went to her forehead, 
her head was still pounding.  She heard the gentle clinking 
of metal.  She opened her eyes and saw she was wearing gold 
bracelets.  
	And that wasn't all.  All of her clothes were different.  
She was in a simple, but luxurious, dark blue dress that went 
all the way down to her ankles.  She was also wearing a blue 
cape lined with white fox fur.  She looked from side to side 
in shock.  Then she saw them.
	There were two of them.  One of them she recognized from 
the forest, the blue haired one called, "Nalia."  The other 
was a blonde woman she had never seen before.  They were 
kneeling before her bed.
	Ryoko grit her teeth and dematerialized, reappearing 
inches from  Nalia's face, her lightsword in her hand.
	"All right, now what's the big deal, huh!?"
	Nalia bowed lower. "Good afternoon, Your Ladyship.  
Did you sleep well?"
	"Considering you helped put me in that sleep, you'd 
probably know better than I would!"  Ryoko accused her.
	Nalia blinked, unsure of how to interpret the comment.
	"Now, who are you?!"
	"I am Nalia, this is Gelna.  We are your Nakrakai."
	"My guards," Ryoko spat.
	Nalia blinked again.  That was *one* translation for 
Nakrakai.  She nodded.  "Yes, Your Ladyship."
	"What do you want with me?!"
	The sound of awe, respect, and envy crept into Nalia's 
voice.  "You have been chosen by My Lord Prince Jadarin."
	Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "What do you mean, 'chosen?'"
	Nalia blinked.  She seemed uncertain.  "Perhaps, My 
Lord Prince should explain."  She tapped a pendant hanging 
from her throat.  "My Prince, Her Ladyship is awake 
and...disoriented.  Perhaps My Prince should come down 
and explain things to her?"
	"I'll be right down, Nalia.  Stand by."
	"Yes, My Prince."  She tapped the pendant again and 
looked up at Ryoko, who was still pointing her sword at 
her.  "My Prince shall be down momentarily."
	"What do you mean, 'chosen?'"  Ryoko repeated.
	"You have been chosen to be the bride of Prince 
Jadarin."
	Ryoko's eyes went wide.  "Excuse me?  Run that by me 
again."
	Once again, respect/awe/envy entered Nalia's voice.  
"You will be the next Queen of Edel."
	Before Ryoko could say anything, the door opened and 
three men stepped inside.  One of them was the man who helped 
kidnap her.  Another was dressed similarly.  The one in the 
front, however, was dressed more elaborately.  He wore a grey 
cape lined with white fox fur.  He wore a gray suit that 
reminded Ryoko of Tenchi's Light Hawk armor.  He saw her 
and smiled.
	She didn't.
	She was on him in a second.  She dematerialized and 
reappeared right in front of him, tackling him to the 
ground.  She landed on top of him, holding her sword at 
his throat.
	"Okay, you rat bastard!"  she began, "It's time for 
the two of us to have a conversation!"
	He looked up at her in awe.  "You're fantastic," he 
whispered.
	This threw her.  "Why did you kidnap me, huh?!" she 
demanded.  "What do you want with me?!  What the hell does 
she mean, your 'bride?'"
	Jadarin laughed.  "Please, Lady Ryoko, I will answer 
all your questions, but you really should relax.  You're 
safe here, among friends."
	"Friends wouldn't have kidnapped me!"  Ryoko bit out 
between clenched teeth.
	He smiled.  "I promise, I'll answer all your questions, 
but first..." he grinned.  "Why don't we get up off the 
floor before our Nakrakai have  simultaneous heart attacks?"
	Ryoko looked up and saw that the four guards were 
staring at her, Jadarin...
	And each other.
	That threw her for a moment.  The two women were 
staring at the two men, their hands on their weapons.  
Ryoko blinked.  The light sword winked out.  She got to 
her feet.  Jadarin got up and dusted himself off.  Ryoko 
got a good look at him for the first time.  He had dusty 
blonde hair and light grey eyes.  His face seemed at its 
most natural in a smile.  Ryoko tried to see an evil man, 
a man like Kagato...
	But couldn't make it happen.
	The man cleared his throat. "I am Jadarin.  It's an 
honor to finally meet you in person.  I feel as if I've 
known you all my life."
	Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "Well if we're old friends," 
she said bitterly, "What's with the muscle?"  She chucked 
a thumb at Nalia and Gelna.
	"Once we are on Edel and properly wed, you will have 
the luxury of choosing your own Nakrakai.  Until then, I 
have detailed these two to act in that role."
	"Nakrakai?"  That was the third time she had heard 
that word.
	Jaradin nodded.  "They are your personal bodyguards.  
They will obey any command you give them."
	Ryoko smiled evilly.  "And if I order them to kill 
you?"
	Nalia tensed.  Gelna looked uncomfortable.
	Jaradin smiled.  "Then they will kill me, or die in 
the attempt."  Ryoko said nothing.  "But let's not talk 
about such morbid things."
	At that time, another man entered the room and whispered 
in Jadarin's ear.  The prince brightened.  "Excellent."  He 
turned to Ryoko.  "Dinner will be ready in half an hour.  We 
can have our first real conversation over roast gramut.  I'll 
leave you now so you can freshen up."  He turned to go.
	"Now wait just a minute!"  She grabbed him by the 
shoulder and whirled him around.  "I'm not staying here!  
You're turning this ship around and taking me home this 
instant!"
	He smiled.  "We *are* taking you home," he told her.  
"To a home where you will be loved and respected for the 
warrior you are.  I know that this must seem very confusing 
right now, but you are among friends here.  You are a part 
of our family now.  Soon, you will understand this."
	Ryoko's lightsword appeared at his throat.  "I don't 
think you heard me," she said dangerously.  "You are going 
to turn this ship around right now, or I'm gonna take your 
head off."
	His face fell, more in disappointment than fear.  
"Do as you must, Milady.  I will not turn this ship around.  
Not when it would mean returning you to your prison."
	Ryoko blinked.  Seven hundred years ago, she would've 
cut his head off without a passing thought...
	But that was seven hundred years ago.
	The sword didn't move.  Could she kill in cold blood?  
Jadarin made no move at all.  Bovarin and Jadarin's other 
Nakrakai looked on apprehensively.  Nalia and Gelna watched 
the scene unfold before them.  Nalia licked her lips 
anxiously.
	The lightsword disappeared.  Jadarin took a relieved 
breath.  "For a moment, I was sure I would meet my god," he 
told her with a smile.  She said nothing, just glared at him.  
"I will leave you to freshen up."  He turned to Nalia and 
Gelna.  "Be sure to escort her to the dining hall at the 
appropriate time."
	They bowed to him.  Jadarin gave her another smile and 
left.  Ryoko floated next to a small, red marble statue, and 
with a cry of fury, crushed it with her bare hands.  Nalia 
and Gelna looked on in awe.

	The dining hall was mammoth.  This single room could've 
contained the Masaki home three times over.  The walls were 
once again painted with gold.  A T-shaped table ran down the 
center of the room.  At the head of this table, where the two 
lines of the T met, sat Jadarin.  
	When Ryoko entered the room, she was struck by the sheer 
decadence of it all.  She was sure that not even King Azusa of 
Jurai had anything like this.  The room was a bustling ant 
hive of activity as waiters and chefs poured wine or set out 
plates of entres.  Jadarin saw her and stood up, motioning for 
the three Nakrakai next to him to follow his example.  He 
approached her and smiled.
	Ryoko frowned and walked past him without a word, her 
two Nakrakai followed her.  She was about to take a seat at 
one of the corners of the table when a well dressed waiter 
stopped her and led her to a seat at the head, next to 
Jadarin's.  She sat down without another word and plastered 
a haughty look she had seen on Ayeka on her own face.  
Jadarin sat next to her and poured some wine for her.  
Ryoko ignored him.
	She saw other men and women begin to take seats at 
the table.  She guessed there were probably twenty of them 
there, leaving much of the table unoccupied.  She wondered 
how many other Nakrakai this ship usually carried.  Nalia 
had taken a seat on her right while Gelna took a seat farther 
down the table.  Jadarin was on her left, with Bovarin sitting 
next to him on his left.
	The waiters began to serve them.  Ryoko sniffed the 
meat cautiously.  She could detect most poisons, but so far 
it seemed okay.
	Jadarin saw what she was doing and smiled.  "I assure 
you, it's safe."  He poured himself a glass of wine.  "Now 
then, where shall we begin?"
	"How about with an explanation?"
	Jadarin nodded.  "Fair enough.  As I said, my name is 
Jadarin.  I'm the crown prince of the planet Edel which is 
several thousand light years from here.  We Edels are what 
the Jurains might call a warrior race.  We learned a lot 
from the Jurains.  Some even believe that the Edel 
civilization is a long lost colony of Jurai that was forced 
to thrive under very harsh conditions."
	"Is there a point in here, somewhere?"  Ryoko asked.
	Jadarin smiled.  "Sorry.  Anyway, we Edel respect 
warriors.  So when the time came for me to search for a bride,  
I naturally began searching for a warrior, but all I could 
come up with were weak, brittle, little Jurain countesses, 
like the kind my younger brothers married."  He shook his 
head.  "Fragile little things.  If you gave them a sword, 
I swear they'd cut their own heads off with it."  Ryoko 
arched an eyebrow at this.  "I started searching for a 
*real* woman.  I wanted a woman I could relate to, someone 
I could talk to, love, respect.  During my search, King 
Azusa sent me a recording of some footage of his daughter 
in combat."  Jadarin adopted a curious expression.  "For 
some reason he seemed very anxious to get his daughter 
married.  Kept using the phrase, 'before it's too late.'  
Anyway, I watched the footage, and wasn't impressed."  He 
brightened.  "Then I saw something.  It was like seeing a 
War Angel from heaven.  She was on the same recording, in 
the same battle.  She was...magnificent."  He breathed this 
last word.  
	He turned to her.  "I was intrigued, so I began to 
investigate.  The more I learned of this woman, the more I 
wanted to learn, and one of the things that became painfully 
obvious to me was that she *deserved* better.  She, above all 
the others I've seen, *deserved* to be Queen of Edel.  She, 
who had endured so much, who had fought so hard against 
overwhelming odds, *deserved* to be loved, *deserved* to be 
respected, *deserved* to be treasured, and *deserved* to wear 
a crown of Edel.  When I realized this, when I realized that 
this woman could stir such a reaction in me, then...then I 
knew."
	He turned to her, looked into her eyes, and announced,  
"I love you, Ryoko."
	Ryoko went dead white.  She stood there speechless as 
the color returned to her cheeks, but in force.  She was beet 
red within a minute.  She blinked, she couldn't speak.
	<He...loves me?>  No one had ever said those words to 
her.  Not Tenchi, not Washu, the people she considered to be 
the most important in her life had never even come close to 
muttering those words to her.  
	She had dreamed, of course.  She had dreamed of Tenchi 
coming to her and telling her he loves her, but she had no 
idea that those words, even muttered by a stranger, could make 
her feel so...so...she couldn't even describe it.  A part of 
her felt ill.  She felt warm all over.  
	And she didn't know why.
	"Are you okay, Milady?"  Jadarin asked.
	Ryoko blinked.  "Huh?" she asked, confused.
	Jadarin smiled again.  "You act as if no one's ever 
said that you."
	Ryoko blushed despite herself.  Then she realized what 
was happening and shook her head.  "I'm *not* marrying you!"
	Jadarin's smile didn't slip.  "There's time to discuss 
it."
	Ryoko couldn't believe what she was hearing.  She was 
about to renew her argument when Nalia spoke up from beside 
her.
	"If it pleases My Prince, I have finished a new song.  
Would My Prince like me to sing it for him?"
	Jadarin brightened visibly.  "Yes, Nalia, I think we 
all would."  Jadarin clapped his hands together, and the room 
fell silent.  Nalia got up from her seat and stepped up onto 
the table.  She turned and faced Jadarin and Ryoko.
	She cleared her throat and began to sing.  Ryoko blinked 
at the sound of her voice.  It was beautiful.  The only other 
woman she had ever met who even had a voice that came close 
was Tsunami, but Tsunami had nothing on Nalia.  Her song and 
voice were melodious, low, haunting, and beautiful.
	The audience listened raptly as Nalia sang.  Ryoko felt 
something warm on her cheek.  She touched it with her finger 
and found tears there.  She blinked, and the tears began to 
flow a little faster.  She looked over and saw Jadarin blinking 
tears back as well as he listened.
	It was amazing.  To be moved by something like music.  
Nalia had a true gift.
	Nalia's voice trailed off.  Like an outgoing tide, it 
ebbed away.  The others at the table began to applaud.  Ryoko 
realized that she was among them.
	Nalia smiled and curtsied.
	Jadarin stood up as he applauded.  "Beautiful, Nalia!  
Absolutely beautiful!"
	The blue-haired Nakrakai curtsied again.  "It is my 
pleasure to serve My Prince in all things."
	Ryoko's eyes went wide as she suddenly realized something.  
She recognized Nalia's tone and body language.  Hell, she 
had seen it on Ayeka enough times.  
	Nalia was looking at Jadarin the same way Ayeka looked 
at Tenchi.
	Ryoko blinked as a wave of jealousy came over her.  
What did she have to feel jealous about!?  She was getting 
out of here at the first opportunity!  She didn't have feelings 
for Jadarin!  Okay, so it was nice when he told her he loved 
her, but still, he wasn't Tenchi.
	<Tenchi never said he loves you...>  a voice in her 
head pointed out.
	So?  That doesn't mean anything.  So Tenchi's a little 
shy.  So what?
	<Shy?  Shy is when a guy is reluctant to kiss on a first 
date, not when a guy *tries* to push you away.>
	Tenchi doesn't do that.
	<Really?  When was the last time Tenchi gave you his 
undivided attention?  Or the last time he said *you* were 
fantastic?>
	<When was the last time he told you he loved you?>
	Shut up!
	<Whatever gets you by.>
	"You can't keep me here,"  Ryoko told Jadarin point 
blank.  "And if you try," she grinned, "You'll get hurt."
	Jadarin looked at her and grinned.  "A contest then,"
	"Huh?"
	"A wager, Milady Ryoko, a wager.  You and me, one on 
one.  If you win, I'll take you back to your prison."
	Ryoko frowned.  "That's the second time you've called 
it that."
	"Is it not a prison?"
	"I could leave whenever I wish.  *This* is the prison."
	"I beg to differ," Jadarin told her.  "Sure, you could 
leave, but where would you go?"
	That brought Ryoko up short.  
	"You forget that I've studied you, Ryoko."  His voice 
turned sympathetic.  "And I know that you must believe freedom 
and loneliness to be the same thing."
	Ryoko gritted her teeth, but didnt' reply.  "What if 
you win?"
	He smiled.  "Then you agree to stay."
	Her eyes narrowed.  "Just to stay?  No wedding bells?"
	"I would not force you to marry me, Ryoko.  I have time.  
I can wait for you to come to me.  I just want you to stay."
	Ryoko grinned.  "You're awfully cocky.  You're gonna 
lose, you know."
	He smiled and shook his head.  "No, Ryoko.  I have fate 
on my side.  You are *meant* to be here."
	This statement unnerved her.  
	<Fine, if he wants to act overconfident, let him.  It 
won't help him.>
	"Agreed," she said, extending her hand.  Jadarin took 
it, but instead of shaking it, he kissed it.  She felt herself 
blush again.
	<Stop that!>  her mind yelled at her.  <Remember 
Tenchi?!>  Ryoko felt a wave of guilt.
	"Let's get it over with," she growled.  Jadarin nodded 
and got up from his seat, offering his hand to Ryoko.  She 
ignored him and got up on her own.  
	"Shall we fight here, or somewhere else?"
	"It's your ship."
	He grinned.  "Here, I think."  He waved to the Nakrakai, 
who got up from their seats and stepped back.  Ryoko 
dematerialized and reappeared at the other end of the table.  
She ignited her lightsword.
	Jadarin felt a wave of joy overcome him.  Ryoko was 
*fighting* him.  She was beginning to come around.  He only 
hoped he would prove worthy.  He extended his hand.  A ball 
of silver-white light formed in his hand.  He closed his palm 
around it and a silver lightsword appeared.  He hopped up 
onto the table and adopted a defensive stance.
	"After you, love of my life."
	Ryoko launched herself at him, swinging her sword at 
him with a growl of fury.  
	Jadarin took a single step to his right and spun, Ryoko 
flew right past him without even coming close to hitting him.  
She managed to stop herself before striking wall.  She turned 
and saw Jadarin entering a combat stance.  She growled in 
frustration and vanished, reappearing right in front of him.  
She lashed out with her sword three times in quick succession, 
and three times it was deflected by Jadarin.  They both jumped 
back, landing on opposite ends of the table.  
	Ryoko grinned and flew into the air.  She extended her 
hands and let loose a couple of power balls.  
	Her eyes widened as Jadarin seemed to burst into white 
flame.  The energy balls impacted against him and detonated.  
When the smoke cleared, Jadarin, in flames, stood at the center 
of the crater.  He bent at the knees and jumped, launching 
himself into the sky, climbing higher until he was at the 
same height as Ryoko, and hovered there.  
	<So  the “flame” is a forcefield, huh?>
	Jadarin smiled.  “You are very powerful Ryoko, but you 
must learn to address your flaw,”
	“My what?!”  Ryoko asked, slightly miffed.
	Jadarin nodded as he floated.  “Every warrior has flaws, 
but there is one in each warrior that will cause his or her 
death.  Your flaw is not in your technique, but in your 
attitude.”
	Ryoko howled and launched herself at him.  Jadarin 
blocked her slashes and countered with a few of his own.  
Ryoko had to do some fancy flying to avoid them.  She 
back-flipped in midair and landed a kick on Jadarin’s chest.  
The prince flew back twenty feet, but managed to right himself.  
He laughed.
	“Nicely done!”
	Ryoko growled in frustration.  She flew toward him, 
intent on putting her sword right through his chest.  Jadarin 
stood there for a moment, then,
	"Tachyon Evade!"
	Suddenly, there were two Jadarin's!  One where he was 
before and one several meters to his right.  She aimed for 
the original.  Suddenly he disappeared.  She felt a blow to 
her back that launched her forward.  She hit the wall and 
fell to the ground.  She shook her head and opened her eyes 
to see Jadarin’s sword at her throat.
	Ryoko tensed.
	“That was fun,”  Jadarin said with a smile.  The 
lightsword winked out and he offered his hand to her.  The 
demon blinked.  Jadarin smiled down at her as she took his 
hand.  “I’m delighted that you’ve agreed to stay.”

	Sasami entered Washu’s lab and started searching.  
“Ryoko!  Are you here?!”  she shouted.  
	“Sasami?”  The little princess turned and saw Washu 
approaching her from deep within the lab.  “What’s wrong?”
	“I’m looking for Ryoko, but I can’t find her.  Me and 
her were gonna take Mayuka to the park.”
	Washu smiled.  “Well, don’t worry.  Ryoko is angry with 
me right now, so she’s probably just sulking in her cave or 
something.”
	“But she promised, Washu.  I don’t think Ryoko would 
forget her promise just because of that.  Can’t you tell me 
where she is?”
	Washu smiled again.  “Sorry, Sasami, but I try not to 
read my daughter’s thoughts when she’s mad at me, they tend 
to hurt.”
	“Puh-leeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaassssssseeeeeeee, Ms. 
Washu?”
	The scientist sighed.  “Okay, I’ll find her.  Just gimme 
a sec.”  Washu closed her eyes and began searching for her 
daughter’s mental essence.  After a minute she opened her 
eyes and blinked in shock.  She tried again, but couldn’t 
detect her.
	“What the hell?!”
	“Is something wrong, Ms. Washu?”
	Washu shook her head.  “I can’t feel her, Sasami.  I 
can’t feel her anywhere!”

	“When am I gonna learn not to open my big mouth?”  
Ryoko ground out between clenched teeth as she paced.
	Standing near her in Ryoko’s room, Nalia blinked.  
“Surely Her Ladyship is happy at this turn of events,”
	Ryoko looked at her in awe.  “Happy?  Why should I 
be happy!?  First he kidnaps me, then he humiliates me!”
	Nalia blinked again.  “How so?”  Ryoko’s eyes went wide.  
“Surely you did not expect to win against My Prince Jadarin?  
He is the greatest warrior of Edel.”
	Ryoko’s eyes narrowed.  “Now she tells me,”
	“Huh?”
	“Nothing, Nalia.”  Ryoko sighed and sat on the bed.
	Nalia sensed   her change in mood.  “Would Her Ladyship 
like me to draw her a bath?  It *has* been a very hectic day.”
	An idea came to Ryoko, and she grinned.  “Sure, Nalia, 
that sounds great.  Why don’t you join me?  I would like the 
company.”
	Nalia bowed slightly.  “If that is what Her Ladyship 
wishes.”
	“Great, you draw the bath, I’ll get the *sake*.”

	“Gone!?”  Tenchi cried out.  “Whaddya mean, ‘gone?!’”
	Washu nodded from the center of the living room.  “Ryoko 
is no longer on the planet, and since Ryo-Ohki is still here, 
we can only assume that she was taken.”
	“Ms. Washu,” Ayeka began.  “Doesn’t Ryo-Ohki have a 
connection to Ryoko just like you do?  Perhaps she knows 
what happened.”
	Washu grinned.  “An excellent deduction, Ms. Ayeka.  
Ryo-Ohki!”  The cabbit ran up and jumped into her arms.  
Washu stared into her eyes.  “Tell Mommy what happened to 
Ryoko.”  Ryo-Ohki began to miya frantically.  Washu’s eyes 
went wide.  “Well why didn’t you *say* something?!”  Ryo-Ohki 
miya’d a few more times.  “You were asleep!?  What kind of 
an excuse is that?!”  There were a few more miya’s.  “You’re 
damned right it’s a bad one!”
	“What happened to Ryoko, Little Washu?!”
	“Ryo-Ohki says some people came from the sky and took 
her.”
	“You mean she was kidnapped?”  Sasami asked.  At this 
time, Mayuka began crying from her crib in the next room.  
Sasami ran to comfort her.
	“It would seem so,”  Washu confirmed.
	“Then I’m going after her,”  Tenchi announced.  Washu 
nodded.
	“Once we’re in space, I can use Ryo-Ohki’s sensors to 
home in on her gem.”
	Ayeka stood up.  “Well, Lord Tenchi isn’t facing danger 
without me!”
	Tenchi smiled.  “Thank you, Ms. Ayeka.”
	Kiyone and Mihoshi stood up from the couch.  “Count us 
in too, Tenchi,”  Kiyone announced.  Mihoshi nodded.
	Tenchi nodded at them.  “Then let’s go.  Sasami will 
stay here and look after Mayuka.  The rest of us will go 
rescue Ryoko.”

	Ryoko poured Nalia another cup of sake.  “So, tell me, 
Nalia,” Ryoko said with a smile.  “Where did you learn to 
sing like that?”
	“I didn’t,”  Nalia told her.  “I taught myself ever 
since I was a young girl.  It was my first passion.”
	The two women were sitting in the onsen, sharing their 
third bottle of Edellian sake.  Ryoko smiled as she watched 
Nalia take another sip and saw the color rise to her cheeks.
	“When I heard the call…”
	“The call?”  Ryoko asked.
	Nalia nodded.  “Every Nakrakai hears a call of service.  
Usually in a dream.  I heard mine when I was thirteen.  
Anyway, when I heard my call, I thought I would have to give 
it up.  When Prince Jadarin chose me as one of his Nakrakai, 
I was so happy, but a part of me was saddened that I could no 
longer sing.”  She brightened as she continued.  “But then, 
Prince Jadarin found out about my first passion and insisted 
that I continue with it, that I practice and write songs.  He 
said that he would provide the audience if I would provide the 
song.  So now, my two passions coexist.”
	<Two passions, huh?>  “You love him, don’t you?”  Ryoko 
asked with a grin.
	Nalia looked at her in fear.  “My Ladyship, I did not 
mean to imply that I..that I would…”  She bowed her head to 
Ryoko.  “Please forgive me for any disrespect I have shown, 
I would not dream of trying to rival you, My Ladyship!”
	Ryoko smiled.  “Relax, Nalia.  I know what it’s like.  
You *do* love him, though, don’t you?”
	Nalia said nothing.
	“So why didn’t you say anything?!”  <Dammit, if this 
woman would’ve just seduced Prince Charming, I wouldn’t be 
in this mess!>
	Nalia faced her.  “Brides are summoned, they do not 
pursue,” she said pointedly.
	Ryoko grimaced.  “Puh-lease!”  Nalia gasped.  “You have 
to be more aggressive, Nalia!  See what you want and take it!  
Don’t stand by and hope he comes to you!”
	“But..My Ladyship, *you* are to be his bride now!”
	“Let me let you in on a dirty little secret, Nalia.  I 
don’t intend to be his bride.  I don’t intend to stay here.  
I’m sure as hell aren’t planning on arriving at Edel and 
marrying your precious Prince Jadarin.  I’m looking for a 
way out.”  Her voice turned mischievous.  “And if you help 
me, I might be willing to help you get Jadarin before I go.”
	Nalia gulped.  “Betray My Prince?  My Ladyship!  You 
promised him you would stay!  You *promised*!”
	Ryoko’s eyes narrowed.  “You’re *my* Nakrakai, right, 
Nalia?”
	Nalia nodded slowly.  “I serve the House of Edel.  For 
now, My Prince has ordered me to serve My Ladyship.”
	“Good, then I’m ordering you to help me.”
	Nalia looked miserable, and for a moment, Ryoko thought 
about telling her to forget the whole thing.  Then, Nalia 
nodded slowly.  “I…obey, My Ladyship.”
	Ryoko looked at her sympathetically.  “I’ll help you 
get Jadarin, okay?  It’ll turn out all right.  You'll see.”
	Nalia said nothing, just stared at the water.  Ryoko 
bit her lip.  These Edels could be a touchy bunch.  She 
wondered if Nalia would betray her to Jadarin and what Jadarin 
would do if she did.

	Jadarin turned the corner and approached Ryoko’s room 
with a smile.  He thought she was warming up to her.  He 
knocked on the door and waited.  His two Nakrakai bodyguards 
waited beside him.  The door opened, and Ryoko stood there 
arrayed in the dress he had given her.  He smiled.
	“Lady Ryoko, I was wondering if you would like a personal 
tour of the ship.  We’re going to be on it for a few more months, 
after all, and the sooner you know your way around the better.”
	Ryoko smiled.  “Sure, just give me and Nalia a minute to 
freshen up.”  She closed the door in his face.  Jadarin stood 
there and blinked.  Next to him, Rokara offered him a reassuring 
smile.
	Jadarin waited for ten minutes.  Finally, the door opened 
again, and Ryoko stepped out, followed by Nalia.  He blinked.  
Nalia was different, somehow.  She was no longer in her Nakrakai 
battle outfit, but in a long blue dress that matched her hair.  
She was also wearing make-up, which Jadarin couldn’t recall her 
ever doing before.
	“Nalia, you look different.”  Ryoko beamed.  Nalia 
seemed unsure.
	“My Ladyship believes I would be more effective if I 
made an effort to blend in.”
	Jadarin nodded.  “Lady Ryoko is wise.”  He turned back 
to the demon.  “Well, then, shall we?”

	Jadarin showed Ryoko the entire ship with pride.  Ryoko, 
to his delight, was taking an interest and asking questions, 
questions he was only too happy to answer for her.  Of course, 
he didn’t realize that Ryoko was taking an interest only because 
it gave her the lay of the land.  She was memorizing the ship’s 
interior.  
	He led her to a balcony overlooking what appeared to be 
a large gymnasium. A few Nakrakai were down there, practicing.  
	“This is where we train,”  Jadarin told her.  Ryoko 
nodded.  “I like to come here and watch them.  It’s like 
watching children play on a playground.”  Ryoko winced as a 
Nakrakai down on the ground was flipped into a wall.
	“Some playground,”  Ryoko muttered.
	Jadarin nodded.  “Yes, but they revel in the art.  It’s 
what they do best.”
	“Hmmm.”
	He leaned against the balcony rail and turned to her.  
“Ryoko, do you mind if I call you Ryoko?”
	She shook her head.
	“Ryoko, have you ever sought after something you were 
sure you would never find?”
	Ryoko thought of Tenchi and nodded.
	“I’ve searched after perfection all my life,” he told 
her.  “No matter what it was, if it didn’t meet my standards 
of approval, I didn’t give it a passing thought.  When I fight, 
I demand perfection of myself.  When they designed this ship 
for me, I sought perfection, but I’ve never really seen 
perfection until now.”  He was looking at her.  Ryoko found 
herself blushing and mentally cursed herself.   He smiled.  
“You know, my mother is going to absolutely love you.”
	Ryoko blinked at this.  She had never considered 
herself the type you bring home to meet mom.  He saw the 
look on her face and continued.
	“My mother is a warrior, Ryoko.  She was one of my 
father’s own Nakrakai.  He fell in love with her when she 
was still one of his guards, but she wasn’t interested in 
him.  Rather than force her or order her to marry him, he 
stood back and waited.  He never pressed, because he was  
*certain* that eventually she would come to him.  He waited 
thirty years, but it happened, and they’ve lived happily ever 
since.”  He smiled.  “She is *still* one of his Nakrakai.  
She refused to leave  her station even though my father offered 
her a title.  She is much like you, and I think she’s going 
to adore you.”
	<Thirty years?>  This scared her.  To wait for a woman 
for thirty years was the height of obsession.  On the other 
hand, wouldn’t *she* wait for Tenchi for thirty years?  She 
really didn’t know.
	“You know, Jadarin,” she began.  “I’m really not 
marriage material,”
	“Of course you are.”
	“No,” she bit out, “I’m not.”  It was time to implement 
the plan.  “First off, I’m rather old for a young prince such 
as youself.  I’m nowhere near as young as say…Nalia, for 
instance.”	
	Jadarin shook his head.  “Irrelevant.  My father always 
told me that experience had its charms.”
	Ryoko forced a smile.  “Riiiiigggghhhhttt.  Well, I’ll 
have you know that I’m very free with my opinions.  I have no 
problem with killing someone who insults me or implies that 
I’m wrong.”
	“You will have a problem there, Ryoko.”
	<Finally!>
	“It will be difficult for you to kill the man before I do.”
	<DAMMIT!>
	She growled.  <Okay, it’s time to put some of that crap 
Ayeka’s always saying about me to good use.>
	“Well, I’m a horrible cook, my hair is constantly a 
mess, and I’ve been known to lose my temper over the 
slightest thing…”
	Jadarin smiled.  “We have cooks, your hair is untamed 
and beautiful, and I will help you with your temper, Ryoko.  
I know what kind of life you’ve had, and I want to help you 
heal.”
	Ryoko frowned.  “Oh, you’re not going to make this at 
all easy, are you?”
	He grinned.  “I love you, that means I love your 
faults as well.”
	Ryoko took a deep breath.  “I *don’t* love you, 
Jadarin.”
	“I know, but like I said, there is time.”
	Ryoko stared at him, then acted.  She grabbed him by 
the front of the shirt and pushed, bending him over the side 
of the balcony rail.  He stared up at her in shock.
	“TAKE ME HOME!”
	“I am,” he said, desperately  holding on to his calm.  
“We’ll arrive on Edel in about two months.”
	“I MEAN EARTH, DAMMIT!”
	He took a breath.  “You wish me to prove I love you,”
	“If you love me, take me home!”
	“It’s because I love you that I can’t.  That place was 
slowly killing you.  I could not stand idly by and watch 
that.”
	"My Ladyship, please!"  Nalia begged from behind her.
	"If you wish me to prove my love for you, Ryoko,"  
Jadarin said seriously, "Then drop me.  I will not stop my 
fall."
	Once again, he was giving her an option.  She could 
kill him or let him live and stay with him.  
	<Dammit!  Doesn't he know what kind of risk he's 
taking?!>
	<Maybe he does.>  A voice in her head pointed out.  
<Maybe *you're* more important to him than the risk.  Did 
you ever consider that?  Wouldn't you be willing to die for 
Tenchi if the roles were reversed?  Wouldn't you be willing 
to risk yourself to prove you love him?>
	<That's different!  I *know* Tenchi!  This man doesn't 
know me!  How can he possibly love me!?>
	<How can you possibly ask that question?  Is it so 
unfathomable to believe that someone *loves* you without you 
having to throw yourself at him?>
	This made Ryoko pause.  Jadarin continued to stare up 
at her.
	<How would you feel if the roles were reversed, you 
offerred to prove your love to Tenchi with your death, and 
he took you up on it?  If he said he *wanted* you to die?>
	Ryoko looked at Jadarin's face, and her expression 
softened.  She pulled Jadarin to his feet.  The Nakrakai 
began to relax.
	"You don't understand,"  Ryoko tried again.  "I have 
a family."
	"Do you?"  Jadarin asked softly.  "Tell me about them 
Ryoko."
	She wanted to tell him about them, to prove that her 
life on Earth wasn't a bad one.  "Well, there's my mother..."
	"Mother?"  Jadarin asked.  "And when was she a mother 
to you?"
	Ryoko was brought up short.  Okay, so Washu wasn't an 
ideal mother.  Okay, so she wasn't anywhere near a halfway 
decent mother.  Okay, bad example.  Move on.
	Her heart warmed as she thought of Tenchi.  "Then 
there's Tenchi.."
	He raised his hand.  "Don't get me started on Tenchi," 
he said, anger creeping into his voice.  "The man has done 
nothing but ignore you until he he needed something from you!"
	Ryoko fought down the urge to defend Tenchi.  Getting 
angry wasn't going to help her here.
	"Mayuka," she said simply, her voice was sad, wistful.
	Jadarin sighed.  "Mayuka," he repeated.  "Of all the 
people you could name, she is the one I feel most sorry for.  
She deserved to have you as her mother."
	Ryoko thought she might finally be getting through.
	"But she's *not* your daughter, Ryoko.  She's *his* 
daughter.  I know how much you wish it were otherwise."
	She felt her stomach sink.  She had always loved Mayuka, 
had always treated her as if she were her own.
	But she wasn't. 
	At best, she was Tenchi's.
	At worst, Yuzuha's.
	And the middle ground, she was the Masaki's.
	So where did she fit into that?
	Jadarin watched as she considered this.
	<Where do I belong?>
	<Belong?>  the voice in her head laughed.  <You *belong* 
in a Jurain prison!  You *belong* on the Soja, acting as 
Kagato's killing machine!  You *belong* in that cave!>
	<No!  That's not true!  Tenchi...>
	<Tenchi what!?  Huh!?  When did Tenchi ever make you 
feel like you belonged!?>
	Ryoko blinked several times, trying to clear the tears 
out of her eyes.  Jadarin couldn't be right.  He couldn't!
	Jadarin gave Nalia and his guards a curt nod.  They 
gave a short bow and left the balcony, shutting the door 
behind them.  Ryoko didn't notice their departure.  She felt 
warm tears run down her cheeks.
	<He can't be right.  I can't believe it.  I *won't* 
believe it!>
	<Grow up, Ryoko!>  her mind snapped at her.  <You've 
never run from pain before, but that's what you've been 
doing!  You convinced yourself that Tenchi really loved you 
because the idea that he didn't hurt too much!>
	<That's not true.>
	<It *is* true!>  her mind shot back.  <He's done 
nothing but push you away, and just like a broken dog, you 
kept going back to the man who beat you.  The only difference 
is that Tenchi never laid a hand on you.  He never *had* to.>
	The tears welled up.  She turned from Jadarin, unwilling 
to show a weakness to him, her enemy.
	<Does he *have* to be the enemy?>
	Before she could answer this thought, she felt Jadarin's 
hand gently rest on her shoulder.  She pulled away from him 
and began to cry.  He grabbed her and pulled her close, 
embracing her as she cried.  She wept into his tunic.
	"Cry, Ryoko," he whispered.  "Cry.  Let it out.  It 
won't start to heal until you let it all out."  
	She didn't fight him this time.  She didn't have the 
strength.  She just cried.  Jadarin held her there, on the 
balcony, and made soothing noises.
	"You're not alone anymore, Ryoko," he whispered softly.  
"I swear it now on my family's blood, you'll never have to be 
alone again.  You'll never have to endure the darkness or fear 
the night of loneliness.  I love you, and you're a part of my 
family now, our family, and a powerful family it is.  Not only 
through blood, but through the Nakrakai, we share a bond that 
goes beyond friendship and in some ways, even beyond family.  
So cry, let it out, Ryoko.  You're safe now..."
	"And I'll never let it be otherwise ever again."
	
	Tenchi paced on Ryo-Ohki's bridge.  He was in his Jurain 
battle outfit, just in case they had to act quickly.  Washu 
was sitting in the command chair, going over some calculations.  
Kiyone and Mihoshi were trailing behind Ryo-Ohki in the Yagami 
and the Yukinojo.
	Ayeka came up beside him, she too in Jurain battle dress.  
She sighed.  "You know, rescuing her is becoming a full time 
job."
	Tenchi didn't even dignify the remark with a response.  
Ayeka seemed to sense his reaction and said, "I'm sorry,"
	He shook his head.  "It's okay.  We're all feeling the 
strain."  He turned to Washu.  "How long?"
	Washu's eyes never left the computer screen.  "They got 
a good headstart, but we're faster.  Even so, it could take 
days."
	Tenchi nodded.
	<Hang on, Ryoko.>

	Ryoko sat in the onsen and closed her eyes.  She was 
so confused it was scary.  Jadarin had held her on the 
balcony for close to an hour, just held her there.  He never 
told her to stop, or to go away, or that he was busy.
	He had made *her* a priority.
	She didn't know how to interpret that.  It couldn't be 
love.
	Could it?
	What did she *really* know about love?  She knew she 
loved Tenchi.
	Tenchi.
	Did Tenchi love her?  There was a time when she would've 
said "yes" immediately to that question.  Now, she found 
herself hesitating.  He had rescued her from the Soja, but 
he would've done the same for Ayeka.  The rest of the time, 
he did his utmost to get away from her, and no matter how 
hard she tried, he wouldn't let her near him.  Then, he had 
slapped her during that whole Yuzuha thing.  Okay, she *had* 
been screaming for Mayuka's blood, but try as she might, she 
couldn't see him slapping Ayeka or Mihoshi.
	As hard as she tried, she couldn't picture it.
	She sighed.  What did she know about love?
	Not much.
	She heard footsteps from her right and turned.  Nalia 
stood there, back in her battle outfit, a short blue cape 
hung behind her back, and a curved lightscimitar hung from 
her belt.
	"Hello, Nalia."
	Nalia seemed unsure of what to do.  "Does My Ladyship 
require anything?"
	Ryoko didn't answer right away.  "Nalia, why do you 
love Jadarin?"
	Nalia hesitated.  "He is a good man.  A fine warrior.  
And...and he's always been nothing but kind to me."
	Ryoko faced her.  "That's it?"
	"Does My Ladyship require more?"
	The demon found herself nodding.  Nalia sighed and 
knelt next to Ryoko.  "My Ladyship, I...I don't know what 
to tell you.  A part of me wishes you would escape, that you 
would leave and never return, but another part *hopes* that 
you will stay with My Prince."
	Ryoko blinked.  "Why?  If you love him, why would you 
want *me* to have him?"
	"Because it is *his* wish, My Ladyship.  I would give 
all that I have if My Prince asked it of me, but he does not 
wish that of me.  As much as I may want it, he sees me as a 
loyal Nakrakai and nothing else.  I learned to accept this, 
and I am happy to be that for him.  I do not wish you to leave 
because I know it would hurt him, and I do not want to see 
him hurt."
	Ryoko thought on this for a moment.  She thought about 
all the times she and Ayeka had fought, all the times they 
had leveled Tenchi's house, or destroyed his garden, or 
forced him to yell at them.  If one of them had been big 
enough to simply let the other have him, life might have 
been easier.  But neither of them had been willing to make 
the choice Nalia had.
	"You're a better woman than I am, Nalia," she said 
simply.
	Nalia said nothing.
	What was she going to do now?
	Suddenly, the lights in her room turned red.  Nalia 
looked up and frowned.
	"What is it?"  Ryoko asked.
	"General Quarters," she said simply.  "The Bandakar 
is going into combat."

	"Replay the message,"  Jadarin ordered, sitting at 
the command chair on the Bandakar's bridge.
	The sound of a frightened man came over the speaker.  
"This is Rentara Colony to any Jurain ships in Grid Epsilon!  
We are under attack!  Our only ship has been destroyed!  
They're landing ground troops!  Our shield is holding them 
off for now but we don't have the powe...."
	"Message jammed at the source, My Prince."  the 
communications officer told him.
	"Helm, lay in a course for Rentara, flank speed."
	"Yes, My Prince."
	Bovarin appeared beside him.  He knelt forward and 
whispered to Jadarin.  "My Prince, we are not running with 
a full crew complement, we've only twenty Nakrakai aboard."
	"Would you have us leave them to their deaths?"  
Jadarin whispered back.  Bovarin said nothing.  "We are 
Edels,"  Jadarin stated matter-of-factly.  "If it is our 
destiny to die here, I can think of no better cause than the 
defense of a besieged colony."  He looked up as Ryoko, flanked 
by Nalia and Gelna entered the bridge.  He stood up and faced 
her.  "A nearby colony world is under attack.  We don't know 
by whom.  We're going to assist."
	Ryoko found herself nodding.  "How can I help?"
	Jadarin smiled.  "Go into battle with me?"
	Ryoko felt the color rise to her cheeks.  
	"We'll need all the warriors we can get."
	She nodded.  "Okay, but this *isn't* a date."
	He grinned.  "As My Ladyship wishes."

	"It's a marauder outfit,"  Bovarin told them.  "We're 
getting sensor data now.  It's the Black Clouds gang.  Three 
hundred space pirates in about twenty or so small warships.  
The largest is a frigate, the Scarlet Cloud."  Bovarin pointed 
at a viewscreen that showed a schematic of an old Galaxy 
Police frigate.  Ryoko, Jadarin, and twenty other Nakrakai 
were assembled in a large assembly room.  Ryoko got the 
feeling that briefings such as these were usually conducted 
for a much larger audience.  Jadarin was listening intently 
as were the other warriors in the room.
	"Status of the Scarlet Cloud?"  Jadarin asked.
	"It's two hundred years old and in disrepair.  Whatever 
ship the colony lost must have been either a poorly armed 
yacht or caught completely by surprise.  The Bandakar will 
have no problem on this end.  However, we know that they've 
landed troops and are now bombarding the colony's shield 
with tetryon charges."
	Ryoko raised her hand.  "Tetryon charges?"
	Jadarin turned to her.  "They're like Electro Magnetic 
Pulse shells, but act in a way that break down the subspace 
field of most force fields."
	Bovarin nodded.  "This is what the gang usually does.  
They swoop in on a poorly guarded colony or installation, 
knock down the shield, and then overrun the colony, taking 
what they want and killing the rest.  According to the Jurain 
records we have, they're into everything.  Smuggling, drug 
trafficking, gun running, slavery...the works."
	"How many troops?"  Rokara asked.
	"Seventy five, but that's only our best guess."
	Nalia smiled.  "Seventy five.  Doesn't seem fair, does 
it?"
	Jadarin grinned.  "We'll be graceful about this, and 
offer them a chance to surrender."
	Ryoko blinked.  There were only twenty-one of them, 
including herself.
	"We will reach the colony in fifty two minutes,"  
Bovarin told them.  "Once there, we will transport into the 
colony and join whatever forces the colony has prepared to 
meet the threat."
	Jadarin nodded.  "A fine plan, Bovarin."
	"Thank you, My Prince."
	"We shall assemble in the transport room in thirty 
minutes."

	Ryoko fired off another energy blast and watched as 
the tower in front of her collapsed, burying the pirate's 
hover transport.  She dematerialized and reappeared behind 
a wall, just as another group of pirates fired on the spot 
she had been standing upon.  She flew up and ignited her 
lightsword.  She saw the three pirates step back a pace in 
fear.  
	They brought their weapons up.  
	Suddenly, Nalia was behind them, her blue lightscimitar 
cutting into one of the pirates.  They turned to the new 
threat, and Ryoko struck, decapitating one pirate while 
impaling the other by his throat on her sword.
	Nalia gave her a short bow.  Ryoko returned it.
	The estimate of seventy five was slightly off.  It was 
closer to one hundred and seventy five, but the Nakrakai and 
the colonial defense forces were doing far better than Ryoko 
thought they would. They had arrived just as the shield was 
going down, and the fight had  moved within the city.  
	Ryoko and Nalia started for the next street over, where 
they could hear weapons fire.  Gelna joined them a second later, 
her green energy lance giving off a dull hum.  They turned a 
corner and found Jadarin and two Nakrakai fighting hand to 
hand with a dozen or so pirates.  Another hover transport came 
into view.
	One of Jadarin's Nakrakai, a man named Velden, stood 
before it and reached out with his hands.  Ryoko blinked in 
astonishment as thin tendrils of light shot from his fingertips.  
These tendrils, no thicker than thread, began to wrap around 
the armored car.  Ryoko heard a metallic screach and watched 
amazed as the tendrils tightened around the car, crushing it 
like an empty soda can.  She heard the pirates inside screaming, 
but those screams were cut off as the car shrunk to the size of 
small file cabinet.  Velden pulled his hands back, and the 
light tendrils retracted back to his fingertips.  
	Ryoko made a mental note to ask him how he did that.  
She had noticed that each of the Nakrakai seemed to have a 
unique ability that the others did not, a special attack that 
was theirs alone.  She remembered how Rokara had managed to 
blind her when they first met.
	Jadarin decapitated another pirate and blocked several 
energy blasts from another with his shield.  Ryoko flew up 
and dispatched the gunman herself.  Jadarin grinned. 
	"Many thanks," he said, and kissed her.  Ryoko blinked 
in astonishment.  They were in the middle of a firefight!  
This wasn't the time!
	<So why don't you break away from him?>  the voice in 
her head said.
	<Will you just shut up already!?>  she screamed back.
	Jadarin pulled back and looked into her eyes.  Ryoko 
no longer heard the sounds of combat around her.  Finally, 
Jadarin said something,
	"Ryoko, my love,"
	"Huh?"  was the best she could do.
	"Duck,"
	"What?"
	"DUCK!"
	She hit the dirt as Jadarin reached out with his hand 
and launched several, silver-white energy blasts over her head.  
There was a mammoth exposion and the sound of burning metal.  
Jadarin reached down and helped Ryoko up.  Jadarin laughed.
	"We should be more careful.  It's easy to get swept by 
the moment."
	Ryoko looked back at the burning hovercar Jadarin just 
destroyed and nodded.
	
	When it was all over, half the city was leveled, but the 
casualties were very light.  Most of the colonists were in 
shelters during the attack.  Twenty colonial policemen were 
killed and two Nakrakai had been wounded.  Aside from them 
and the crew of the freighter that had been destroyed during 
the pirate's initial attack, there were only cuts and bruises 
to be tended to.
	The Bandakar had made short work of the Scarlet Cloud, 
and the other ships had withdrawn.  
	"It's been a good day,"  Jadarin said simply as he stood 
at the head of the dining room table.  He held a wine goblet up 
in toast, the other Nakrakai, Ryoko included, did likewise.  "We 
have the thanks of the colonists, who will begin to rebuild what 
they have lost.  We have fought on behalf of the weak against 
the strong and have emerged victorious."  He grinned.  "Now, we 
celebrate!"
	"NAKRA!"  the Nakrakai shouted, before drinking their 
wine.  They sat down as Jadarin did.  
	Ryoko found herself smiling.  She had done a good thing 
today.  She had helped a group of people for no other reason 
than they had needed it.  She had to wonder if she would've 
done the same thing if she had not been with the Edels.  
	She looked up at Jadarin and smiled without realizing 
it.
	Dinner consisted of several courses.  Zewrin soup served 
chilled, wine, roast gramut spiced and glazed, wine, raw 
Gallian condor eggs, a very rare delicacy, served with wine.
	Ryoko began to feel her nose going numb, a sure sign 
that she was having a little too much to drink.  There was 
a good deal of laughing up and down the table.  One of the 
Narkrakai, a man named Cordaran stood and raised his glass.  
	"To Edel!"
	Everyone around the table raised their glasses and 
echoed the toast.
	Another Nakrakai, Rokara stood up, "To the Great Ship, 
Bandakar, and her immortal crew!"
	"TO THE GREAT SHIP, BANDAKAR!"
	Bovarin stood.  "A toast to My Lord Prince and his 
bride!"
	"TO OUR LORD PRINCE AND OUR LADYSHIP, RYOKO!"
	Ryoko was unsure of what to say, but drank anyway.
	She leaned over to Jadarin.  "Is it always like 
this?"
	"Only after a victory, after a defeat we become a 
little rambunctious."
	Ryoko blinked at this.  It must be the wine making 
her hear things.  "Jadarin," she said, just a little tipsy, 
"What if I never marry you?"
	He smiled.  "Then I will never be married."
	Ryoko grinned.  "Shhure you would," she slurred.  
"After all, you haffve Nalia waiting in the wingsss."
	He looked down at her and blinked in shock.  "What?"
	It was at that point that Ryoko passed out.

	Bovarin entered Jadarin's chambers to find the prince 
of Edel standing toe to toe with another man.  Neither were 
speaking.  The strange man was motionless.  He *seemed* 
familiar, but Bovarin was sure that he was neither a Nakrakai 
or a member of the crew.
	"Come in, Bovarin,"  Jadarin ordered seriously, never 
turning his gaze from the other man.  Bovarin approached and 
saw the strange man...flicker.
	<A hologram.  That explains it.>  He now, also 
recognized the man.
	"Do you know who this is, Bovarin?"  Jadarin asked 
him.
	Bovarin nodded.  "He is Tenchi Masaki, My Prince."
	Jadarin nodded.  "One of the things I hold against 
this man is how he treated Ryoko," he said quietly, "The 
way he pushed her away, not even acknowledging her feelings 
or desires.  Even if he didn't share them, he should have at 
least realized they existed."  Jadarin clenched his fists.  
"I *hated* this man for that.  And now, I find I may be 
guilty of the same crime."
	Bovarin blinked.  "My Prince?"
	"Ryoko said a very disturbing thing to me last night 
at the banquet," he told his First Nakrakai.  "Tell me, 
Bovarin, what is your opinion on Nalia?"
	Bovarin paused.  "She's a fine warrior.  Inexperienced, 
but with the potential to be a great Nakrakai."
	Jadarin said nothing.
	"My Lord Prince," Bovarin began, "Did Her Ladyship say 
something to you to imply that Nalia has....feelings....for 
you?"
	Jadarin nodded.  "I've seen the kind of pain Ryoko 
carries around with her because of what Masaki had done to 
her.  I wouldn't wish that kind of pain on anyone, most 
especially on one of my own Nakrakai.  The thought that I 
could be doing just that...it shames me, Bovarin."
	Bovarin took a breath.  "Has Nalia ever implied to you 
that she possessed feelings for you, My Prince?"
	He shook his head.  "But that's just it, Bovarin.  I 
haven't been looking.  I didn't even think to look.  I should 
have been more attentive."
	Bovarin smiled and shook his head.  "More likely Her 
Ladyship was making a joke last night.  She did have quite 
a bit to drink, after all."
	Jadarin turned away from the hologram and faced him.  
"You think so?"
	Bovarin nodded.  "Nalia is quite attractive, and it is 
possible that Her Ladyship feels....threatened by her."
	Jadarin thought back on the conversation.  Ryoko *had* 
been a little tipsy.
	Bovarin decided to try another tactic.  "It is a common 
tradition on Jurai that a king have two wives.  It's been 
known to happen on Edel as well.  If you like, you could 
marry both women."
	"That's absurd, Bovarin, I would never betray Ryoko 
in such a..."  He blinked and saw Bovarin smiling.  "Trying 
to lift my spirits with bad jokes doesn't help, Bovarin," he 
said with a smile.
	Bovarin smiled.  "I am sorry, My Prince, but you seemed 
to need it."  A thought suddenly occurred to Bovarin.  "Unless 
you find yourself drawn to Nalia."
	"Explain."
	"Well, My Prince, she *is* seen as something of a pet 
of yours.  Allowing her to continue with her singing, for 
instance."
	Jadarin raised an eyebrow.  "You deny she has talent?"
	"Not in the least, but I know that allowing her to 
continue it was a breach of tradition and highly unorthodox."
	"I will not deny that Nalia is one of my...favorites.  
I would not have entrusted her with the protection of Ryoko 
if she was not, but that does not mean that I love her."
	Bovarin raised an eyebrow.  "I never said, 'love,' I 
said 'drawn.'"  He smiled.  "Perhaps, My Prince, you *should* 
consider a double marriage."
	Jadarin's eyes widened.  He shook his head.  "No, I 
will not betray Ryoko like that.  She's been betrayed far 
too often in her life, I will not add my name to that list."
	"What if Ryoko were not here?"  Bovarin asked.  "We 
never considered Nakrakai in our search for your bride.  
What if that was an oversight?"
	"It was not.  I found Ryoko."
	"If there was no Ryoko, would you have considered 
Nalia?"
	Jadarin was brought up short.  He hesitated before 
saying, "Nalia is a fine Nakrakai and a cunning warrior."
	"That's not an answer,"  Bovarin told him.
	Jadarin paused again.  "I would not have dismissed the 
idea out of hand."
	Bovarin arched an eyebrow.  Then he smiled.  "Father 
was the same way," he commented.  "What is it about our 
family that has the men falling for their Nakrakai?"
	Jadarin gritted his teeth.  "I have *not* fallen for 
my Nakrakai.  Have a care, little brother.  You are still 
one of *my* Nakrakai."
	Bovarin's grin got wider.  "Who else but your brother 
would dare to give you an honest opinion?"
	Jadarin took a breath.  "You're right, Bovarin.  No 
one else would."   He sighed.
	The second prince of Edel shook his head.  "Jadarin, 
do you remember when Father told us what our flaws were?"  
Jadarin nodded.  "I remember when he told you yours.  You 
had no idea what to make of it, or what it meant, or how it 
was even a battle flaw."
	Jadarin nodded.  "He told me I would always try to 
please everyone."
	Bovarin nodded.  "It would seem that he was right."  
He patted his elder brother on the back.  "Nalia does not 
appear to be hurt by your decision.  As a matter of fact, 
she seems as happy for you as the rest of us.  There is the 
difference, Brother.  Masaki knew Her Ladyship loved him, 
and ignored it.  Nalia knew you did not, and didn't press.  
She is a fine woman, but this does not seem to affect her 
in the same way such a thing affected Her Ladyship."
	Jadarin nodded.  "Yes, he *knew*.  That's what makes 
me hate him.  He *knew* and let her wallow in loneliness."  
He turned to his younger brother.  "Thank you, Bovarin."
	"Anytime, My Prince."  
	"I would like a moment with my thoughts,"
	"Of course, My Prince."  Bovarin turned and left the 
room.
	Jadarin stared at the hologram of Tenchi for hard minute.  
Suddenly, he spun around, his lightsword appeared in his hand, 
burning a bright silver-white.  It stopped just at Tenchi's 
neck.  
The smile on the hologram's face didn't waver.
	"Never cross my path, Tenchi Masaki," he growled.  
"Never cross my path."

	Tenchi sneezed.
	"Bless you, Lord Tenchi,"  Ayeka told him. 
	"Thanks,"  Tenchi said, wiping his nose.  He turned 
back to the colonial governor of Rentara.  "We want to thank 
you again for seeing us, Mr. Rizaki."
	Mr. Rizaki waved it away.  "It's no trouble.  If you had 
come yesterday, then you may have had a problem."
	"Yes, we noticed,"  Washu said looking around herself at 
the wreckage, which the colonists were busy cleaning up.
	Rizaki nodded.  "Had it not been for a passing Edel 
ship, we would not even be here."
	Washu blinked.  "An Edel ship?"
	Rizaki nodded again.  "Yes, they helped us beat back 
the marauders."
	Washu held out a crystal and tapped it.  A six inch 
hologram of Ryoko appeared above it.  "Did you, by any chance, 
see this woman among them?"
	Rizaki nodded.  "Yes, I believe so."
	Tenchi pushed his way forward until he was face to face 
with governor.  "How long ago?"
	Rizaki blinked.  "Yesterday.  Why?  What is this about?"
	"Was she okay?"
	"Yes, of course.  Only two of their warriors were 
wounded in the fighting.  Now, what is this about?"
	"This is my daughter,"  Washu told him.  "She was 
kidnapped three days ago."
	Rizaki blinked.  "She did not appear to be in distress.  
She was at the forefront of the fighting with her husband."
	"HUSBAND!!!???"
	Rizkai stumbled backward.  "I *believe* so.  Their 
leader kept referring to her as his 'bride.'"
	"Do you know where they were headed?"  Ayeka asked.
	The governor nodded.  "They gave us their course and 
position in case the pirates came back.  I will make sure you 
have them before you go."

	Nalia sang another scale and and trailed off.  She took 
a deep breath and was ready to continue when she heard 
clapping from behind her.  She turned.  Bovarin stood at 
the door of the empty room, applauding.  
	She gave him a short bow.  "First Bovarin."
	"Hello, Nalia.  That was beautiful.  Did you write it."
	Nalia stifled a laugh.  "No, First, it was merely a 
scale, a warm-up exercise for my voice.  I have not yet 
started singing."
	Bovarin blinked in astonishment.  "Well, you sang it 
beautifully."  He meant it.  Nalia's voice made even a simple 
scale sound beautiful.
	She gave him another short bow.  "Thank you, First.  
Is there something you need me for?"
	Bovarin entered the room and waited for the door to 
shut behind him before continuing.  "Nalia, I need to talk 
to you.  About Our Lord Prince."
	Nalia blinked.  "Is My Prince unhappy with me?"
	"No!"  Bovarin said quickly.  "Not in the slightest.  
He has only the highest regard for you, Nalia.  However, he 
has recently come to believe that he has wronged you in some 
way."
	Nalia opened her mouth, speechles.  "Wronged me?  I 
don't understand."
	Bovarin took a step toward her as he tried to find a 
way to word it.  He decided to be blunt.  "Nalia, how do you 
feel about Our Lord Prince?"
	Nalia began to turn red.  "First Bovarin, I...I feel...
Respectfully, I do not see the relevance," she finally got 
out.
	Bovarin smiled.  "You are not in trouble, Nalia."  He 
sighed.  "Jadarin is afraid that he may have treated you as 
unfairly as Masaki treated Her Ladyship."
	Nalia shook her head frantically.  "No, First!  Please!  
I never meant to imply such a thing!  My Prince has treated me 
with nothing but kindness!  I am grateful to him for that!  
I don't wish for him to think that I am not or that I feel 
wronged by him!"
	Bovarin studied her for a moment.  "It's true, isn't 
it?"  Nalia took a step back.  "You love Jadarin."  Nalia 
felt her face turn red again.  Bovarin sighed again.  "Nalia, 
I understand.  I really do.  That is why I must ask this."  
He turned to her.  "Will your feelings compromise the safety 
of your charge, Lady Ryoko?"
	There was a quick hiss of indrawn breath from Nalia.  
She was shaking in anger that she, a Nakrakai of the House 
of Edel, would be asked such a thing.  "Of course they 
wouldn't," she breathed, hanging onto her composure with 
the last bit of conscious will.
	Bovarin studied her again and nodded.  "Good, Nalia.  
I am sorry I had to ask such a thing, however, as Our Lord 
Prince's First, I am bound to act in what I believe to be 
his best interests."
	Nalia swallowed a bitter retort.  
	"I feel that it might be better if you spent some time 
on another assignment.  Once we reach Edel, I will inquire 
into a transfer to His Majesty's Nakrakai."
	Nalia's jaw dropped.  "You can't," she breathed.
	"Nalia, it's for the best."
	"I won't go."
	Bovarin's eyes widened.  "It's a fine promotion, Nalia.  
The King's Nakrakai is the very elite.  You will go."
	Nalia felt tears welling up.  "Please," she whispered.  
"I don't wish to go."
	"I don't wish to send you, but I cannot risk a personal 
conflict within the ranks.  I'm sorry."
	Bovarin turned and left the room, leaving Nalia alone.  
She turned back to the room.  Suddenly, she didn't feel like 
singing anymore.  She fell to her knees and began to cry.

	Tenchi faced Ryo-Ohki's viewscreen and tapped his foot 
nervously.   Images flashed into his head.  Ryoko being 
controlled by her kidnapper like Kagato used to.  Ryoko forced 
to marry him, to...  He didn't want to think about it.
	"Washu, how long?"
	"I got them on the screen now.  We'll be there in an 
hour."  
	Kiyone's face appeared on the screen.  The viewer 
image split, showing Mihoshi's face on the Yukinojo right 
next to Kiyone's.  "Tenchi, we have their ship on our screens.  
How do you want to handle it?"
	Tenchi thought for a moment.  "Washu?  What do you 
think?"
	"I think Kiyone and Mihoshi should come aboard with 
us.  Ryo-Ohki has stealth equipment.  We can sneak up behind 
them and get aboard with no one noticing."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Kiyone?"
	The GP detective nodded.  "We'll set our ships on 
autopilot and come right aboard."

	Nalia and Rokara walked down the passageway towards 
the gymnasium.  Something had been troubling Nalia recently.  
Rokara was sure of it.  
	"Is there something wrong, Nalia?"  she asked her 
friend.
	"Hmm?  Oh, no, Rokara, nothing."
	Rokara blinked.  "Are you sure?"
	Nalia nodded.  "Yes, quite sure."
	"All right."  Rokara tried to put it out of her mind.  
She stopped when she heard something odd.  "Nalia, do you 
hear that?"
	Nalia stopped and listened.  Her eyes widened.  
"Something's docking with us!"
	Right on top of them it would seem.  The deck lurched 
beneath them as they struggled to retain their balance.  
Suddenly, a massive, black crystal shard broke through the 
bulkhead.  Nalia and Rokara blinked in shock.  
	Four figures materialized before them.  In seconds, 
two of them had blasters out and another had a blue light 
sword.
	Nalia's combat reflexes kicked in, and she charged.  
The one with the light sword took a step forward.  <Fine,> 
she thought, <He shall be first.>  He brought the lightsword 
up for an overhand slash, but Nalia blocked with her left hand.  
She held his arm up and delivered three quick punches to his 
right side.  Then, she pivoted and threw him to the ground.  
She turned and looked up as another intruder, a teal haired 
woman in a GP uniform leveled her blaster at her.  Nalia jumped 
at her...
	And was thrown back twenty feet as Kiyone's laser blast 
struck Nalia in the throat.  She hit the ground, her hands 
went to the burned mass of blood at her neck.  She tried to 
scream, but it came out as a strangled gurgle.
	"Nalia!"  She was still trying to speak, to scream out 
in pain, as she felt Rokara put her arms around her, but it 
still refused to come out.  Rokara tapped the pendant on her 
neck.
	"Rokara!  Two to the infirmary!  Intruder alert!"  
Nalia and Rokara disappeared in a flash of blue light.

	"They came in through a sensor blindspot,"  Bovarin 
told Jadarin on the bridge.  Jadarin was looking at the 
security footage.  His eyes went wide at what he saw on the 
screen.
	"The intruders are currently on deck ten.  I can have 
the Nakrakai attack now, this'll be over in min..."
	"No!" Jadarin told him.  "Seal off deck ten and post 
security at every access point.  Then activate the automated 
security systems.  Have them set to stun.  Then, seal off 
every door on deck ten except the ones on this route..."  
Jadarin pointed to a schematic of deck ten, trailing his 
finger along a specific route that ended at the gymnasium.
	Bovarin blinked.  "But why, My Prince?"
	Jadarin pointed to the camera footage.  Bovarin studied 
it and gasped.  "Tenchi Masaki," he breathed.
	"Bovarin, choose two Nakrakai and have them ready to 
transport to the gymnasium."  Bovarin nodded.  "How long do 
you think it will take them to fight their way to the 
gymnasium?"
	Bovarin studied the schematics.  "Assuming they are 
armed and competent, thirty minutes."
	Jadarin nodded.  "I will meet you and the Nakrakai 
in the gymnasium, there are some things I have to take care 
of."
	Bovarin nodded.
	
	Ryoko had been lying in bed, thinking, when the ship 
had lurched.  She was about to go to the bridge to find out 
what was going on when there came a knock at her door.  
Gelna  stood in front of the door and drew a thin-bladed 
assassin's knife.  The Nakrakai waited until the scanner 
identified Prince Jadarin before opening the door.  Jadarin 
strolled in as Gelna bowed, five Nakrakai followed him.
	Ryoko stood up.  "What is it?  What's happening?"
	Jadarin took her by the shoulders.  "Ryoko, we have 
been boarded...by them."
	She blinked.  <Them?  *Tenchi!*>  "Jadarin!  Listen 
to me!  You can't beat Tenchi.  Let me go.  They won't attack 
if you let me go."
	Jadarin shook his head.  "Ryoko, I wish this didn't 
have to be.  I wish they had just left us alone, but this 
is now neccessary."
	She shook her head.  "Jadarin!  Dammit!  Don't do 
this!"
	His face was sad.  "I wish you could go into battle 
with me, but I fear of what would happen to you if you were 
forced to face them, to face *him* again."  He closed his 
eyes.  "Next time, we will fight together, I promise."
	"Damn you, Jadarin!"  She activated a lightsword as he 
tapped a jewel on his cape.  Suddenly, Ryoko was encased in 
crystal cylinder that seemed to just burst into existence 
around her.  She tried to break the cylinder with her sword, 
but it merely bounced off.  She could see Jadarin through 
the crystal.
	"I'm sorry," he whispered.  "But I dare not risk you."
	Her eyes went wide.  "JADARIN!  LET ME TALK TO THEM!  
DON'T DO THIS!"  She wasn't sure who she was more afraid for, 
Tenchi or Jadarin.  Jadarin had kidnapped her yes, but she was 
convinced he wasn't an evil man, and Tenchi was coming to 
rescue her.  Now, Jadarin felt he had to protect her, to 
*protect her* from Tenchi.  She didn't know whether to laugh 
or cry.  He reached out and touched the glass, offered her an 
encouraging smile.  Then he turned.
	"Nakrakai, defend my bride with your lives," he ordered 
as he walked out of the room.
	"NAKRA!"

	Nalia opened her eyes and found Jadarin looking down at 
her.  She was lying on a bed in the infirmary.  She tried to 
greet him properly, but when she opened her mouth, all that 
came out was a painful gurgle.  Her throat was in agony.  
Her breath quickened in fear.
	"Shhh," Jadarin said, brushing a stray hair from her 
face.  "Don't try to speak."  She blinked up at him.  She 
felt tears start to run down her face.
	The ship's doctor, a Nakrakai named Bashin, approached.  
Jadarin turned to him as he gave his prognosis.  "The damage 
is severe.  I've healed all I could, however her voice will 
never again be what it was.  I'm certain she will not be 
able to speak above a whisper for the rest of her life."  
Jadarin closed his eyes in sympathetic pain.
	"Do what you can for her and make her comfortable 
until my return."
	"Yes, My Prince."
	Jadarin smiled down at her, tried to reassure her.  
<This woman was wounded in my service.  Her sacrifice shall 
not be forgotten.>
	Nalia reached up and took his hand in hers.  She held 
it close to her chest and squeezed it.  Jadarin, surprised 
at first, squeezed back.
	"I am going to do battle against those who did this 
to you," he whispered.  "And I swear, they will know your 
name before they die."  She squeezed his hand again.  A tear 
made its way down her cheek.  He gently wiped it away with his 
finger.  "Rest now."  He stood up and walked out the door.  
Nalia tried to call him back, but she couldn't form words.  
She watched him go and cried as her head fell back against 
the pillow.

	Tenchi pulled the Tenchi-ken from another robot sentry 
and watched the nightmarish hulk hit the ground.  Behind him, 
he could hear the sound of Mihoshi and Kiyone's blasters as 
they picked off more of those tiny, flying, robot gun pods.  
The sound of Ayeka's forcefield was also clear as she used it 
to great effect, picking off other sentries.
	"This way!"  Tenchi called behind him as he continued 
down the hall.  He found an open doorway and took it, Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, and Kiyone right behind him.  He knew Washu was back 
on the Ryo-Ohki, scanning for Ryoko so that she could contact 
them with her location.  In the meantime, the goal was to get 
farther into the ship with the hope of finding either Ryoko or 
the people who kidnapped her.  So far though, they had had no 
luck.  They rushed through another door and stopped.
	The room they were in was mammoth.  It was the size of 
a football field.  They turned as the door slid shut behind 
them.  That's when they noticed them.  There were four of them, 
one of them was one of the two women they had seen when they 
first came aboard.  She was staring at them and clutching a 
long staff as she gazed at them in hatred.  The other three 
were men.  The one in front wore a grey outfit and cape.  He 
stepped forward.
	"Tenchi Masaki, out of respect to Ryoko's wishes, I 
give you this one opportunity to surrender and leave with 
your honor intact."
	Tenchi stood forward.  "Where's Ryoko?!  What have 
you done to her!?"
	"She's safe."
	"Safe?!"
	Jadarin didn't bat an eye.  "Yes, safer with me than 
any creature in the universe.  And you, are a dead man 
unless you leave now."
	Tenchi raised the Tenchi-Ken.  "Give Ryoko back!"
	Jadarin's eyes narrowed.  He smiled dangerously.  
"Thank you," he whispered, "Thank you for letting me kill 
you, you son of a bitch!"  He turned to the Nakrakai.  "Do 
what you will to the others, but no one kills Masaki but me."
	Rokara was glaring at Kiyone.  "I ask for the green 
haired one,"
	Jadarin threw the GP detective a look.  "She is the one 
who shot Nalia?" he asked.  Rokara nodded.  "Then take her....
but slowly."
	Rokara grinned.  "Yes, My Prince."
	Jadarin turned to Tenchi and activated his silver 
lightsword.  "Then it begins."
	In less than a second, the attack came.  Tenchi brought 
his sword up and blocked a downward slash sent his way by 
Jadarin.  He tried to counter, but Jadarin kept after him, 
never giving him a chance to counterattack.
	Mihoshi stood before her adversary warily, but managed 
to keep her blaster still in her hand.  "You are under arrest, 
under Galaxy Law three-two-seven-seven-one-five-oh-three, 
subsection four.  Now freeze!"
	Velden grinned and extended his hands toward her.  
Several hundred tendrils of light shot forth.  The first of 
them wrapped around Mihoshi's gun hand, then advanced up her 
arm.  She screamed as the tendrils wrapped around her entire 
body.  Her scream was cut off as the tendrils covered her mouth.  
Velden used the tendrils to lift her off the ground,then hurled 
her against the bulkhead.  Mihoshi hit the ground unconscious.
	Kiyone had her own problems, and couldn't help her 
partner.  Rokara stood before her, her staff began to glow.  
Kiyone raised her blaster for a shot, but suddenly, the world 
went black.  She couldn't see!  She called out to the others, 
but couldn't hear her own voice.  What was going on with her!?  
Was she struck blind *and* deaf!?  She cried out suddenly as 
something struck her gun hand.  Her blaster flew from her hand.  
She didn't hear her own shout or the gun hitting the ground.  
She twisted around, trying to shake the blackness from her.  
She grunted as something struck her in the stomach.  She 
doubled over, but flew backward as she was struck in the 
chin.  She couldn't see or hear, but she could still *feel*.  
That was painfully obvious.
	Ayeka fired another power blast at Bovarin, but the 
Nakrakai dodged it.  The princess continued to fire at him.  
Bovarin leapt at her, his lightsword blazing at it made 
contact with her forcefield.  Seeing the futility of such 
an attack, Bovarin leapt back before Ayeka could counterattack.  
He reached into a pocket and removed his crystal bola.  
Ayeka's force field crackled as she charged it for another 
blast.  Bovarin leapt to his right just as she fired and 
flung the crystals at her.  The bola spread apart, an arc 
of electricity passing between them.  Ayeka cried out in 
surprise as the electrical arc hit her forcefield.  The 
field crackled as the crystals began to orbit the princess.  
Ayeka gritted her teeth as she struggled to keep the 
forcefield up.  The crystals orbited her faster and faster.  
Finally, the force field collapsed, and the arc struck her.  
Ayeka screamed, and the crystals enveloped her in their 
field.  She struggled, but the crystals won out in the end.  
Ayeka hit the floor unconscious.
	Kiyone was struck in the face again and spat blood as 
she fell to her knees.  For good measure, her attacker kicked 
her in the face, knocking her back to the ground.  She blinked 
as the world rushed back to her.  Her raven-haired assailant 
was standing over her, the end of her staff pointed at her.  
A wicked blade suddenly appeared at the end, pointing at 
Kiyone's throat.
	The woman hissed at her.  "I should kill you for what 
you did to Nalia, but I want to watch you hang."  Kiyone 
took a deep breath of defeat and bit her lip in frustration.
	Tenchi grunted as Jadarin kicked him in the stomach.  
He fell to his knees.  Jadarin stood over him.  He raised his 
sword and shook his head.  "Pathetic," he commented in 
disappointment.  "How did you keep her under your thumb for 
so long?" he asked himself.  He brought the sword down on 
Tenchi's head...
	Only to have the sword blocked by a shaft of blue light.  
Jadarin's eyes went wide.  He jumped back and watched as two 
more blue wings appeared around Tenchi.  The Jurains knew them 
as the Light Hawk Wings.  The Edels had a similar legend.
	"The Light of the Falcon's Heart," Jadarin whispered.  
"So that's how he did it."  Tenchi took a step toward him.
	Could he beat someone with possession of the Falcon's 
Light?  According to legend, no Edel ever had.  He took a breath 
and regarded his enemy with a tad more caution, not respect, 
just caution.  He couldn't win, he knew that.  Someone with 
the Light of the Falcon's Heart was invincible.  His hand 
tightened on his sword.  
	<I'm sorry, Ryoko,> he thought.  <I cannot bring you a 
victory today.>
	He glared at Tenchi.  "Ryoko..Nalia...how many more 
women will you hurt?"  Tenchi blinked and took a step back.
	"What?"
	Jadarin seemed to burst into white flame as he launched 
himself into the air.  He hurled himself at Tenchi.
	The battle was joined.

	Ryoko slammed her sword into the crystalline wall again 
and again.  There wasn't even a scratch on it.  She tried to 
get the Nakrakai to obey her, but they were bound to obey the 
last order of their prince.  They faced the door, their weapons 
up, ready to throw themselves at any attacker that dared poke 
his head through it.
	Focused on the door, they didn't see the dimensional 
portal open behind them.  A small, child's hand reached out, 
holding an airhorn in it's diminutive grasp.  Ryoko saw what 
was happening and covered her ears.  A finger pressed the 
button on the horn's cap.  Ryoko braced herself, but no sound 
that Ryoko could hear emerged.  It seemed that the crystal 
was designed to block all threats, and a horn at above a 
hundred and fifty decibels was a loud enough threat.  The 
Nakrakai, however, heard it loud and clear.  As one they 
dropped their weapons and clapped their hands over their 
ears.  Some of them shouted in pain and fell to their knees.  
In a few seconds, they were all unconscious.
	The dimensional hole widened, and Washu stepped out.  
She shook the airhorn can a few times, checking to see if 
there was any compressed air left, before shrugging and 
tossing it over her shoulder.
	"Washu!"  
	Washu turned to her and rushed to the crystal cylinder.  
She examined it for a minute.
	"Dammit, Washu, get me outta here!"
	"Hmmmmmmmm," Washu intoned.  She summoned her holotop 
and began working.  "Just gimme a sec, Little Ryoko.  Mommy's 
working."
	Ryoko waited as Washu typed.  She tapped her foot on the 
floor impatiently.  "What's taking so long?!"
	Washu shook her head.  "The lattice matrix is extremely 
complex.  I'm having trouble finding a frequency that will 
disrupt it.  Just hold on."
	"Hurry, Washu.  Before they kill each other."  Washu 
looked up in puzzlement.

	Jadarin was thrown back and up, through the gymnasium 
wall with a crash.  A second later, he flew back into the 
room through the hole in the wall, his flame shield was 
flickering as he struggled to keep it in place.  Tenchi 
appeared now in his Light Hawk armor, his Light Hawk sword 
in one hand while using another wing as a shield in the other.   
He raised this shield now as Jadarin hurled energy blasts at 
him from the air.  Tenchi recoiled from the impact of the blasts 
against the shield, but it held.  He reached out and grabbed 
the third wing from the air, throwing it at Jadarin like an axe.  
Jadarin just managed to dodge it.  The wing struck the ceiling, 
causing a rain of debris to fall to the floor.
	The Nakrakai and Tenchi's friends (those who had 
regained consciousness, anyway) watched in awe as the two 
men fought.  Jadarin landed in front of Tenchi and brought 
his sword down on Tenchi's.  He brought his knee up into 
Tenchi's gut.  Tenchi doubled over, and Jadarin brought his 
sword up to cut Tenchi down with it.  A Light Hawk Wing 
obediently appeared at Tenchi's back, blocking the death 
blow.  Tenchi swung around with his sword!  Jadarin jumped 
back for more room.  He blinked as he felt an odd sensation 
on his abdomen.  He looked down and saw a trickle of blood 
seeping from a shallow gash in his stomach.  It wasn't a bad 
wound, but what gave Jadarin a trickle of fear was the fact 
that Tenchi's sword had cut through his shield as if it weren't 
there.
	<If I can't win,> he thought, <Than I will make him pay 
for it with blood.>  He howled and threw himself at Tenchi 
again.

	Washu cackled in triumph as the crystal cylinder was 
reduced to dust.  "Piece of cake!" she cried.
	Ryoko didn't hang around to join in celebration.  She 
disappeared.  She had to get to them before one of them died.

	Bovarin flinched as one of the Light Hawk Wings slammed 
into Jadarin and threw him backwards into a wall.  The battle 
was not going well for his brother.  That wasn't unexpected.  
He who controlled the Light of the Falcon's Heart was said to 
be invincible.  He wanted to join in the fight, to help his 
older brother, but he knew that to do so would go against his 
brother's orders.  He bit his lip, his sword pointed down at 
Ayeka, now conscious but bound in the crystal bola.  She was 
watching Tenchi in awe.
	Jadarin's shield winked out.  He struggled to get to 
his feet.
	"Where's Ryoko?!"  Tenchi asked, his Light Hawk sword 
pointed at the prince's chest.
	Jadarin lost the battle to get to his feet and fell to 
one knee.  "You...can't....have her," he ground out between 
clenched teeth.
	Tenchi bit his lip in apprehension.  "Tell me," he 
ordered.
	"...No..I won't....let..you hurt...her....anymore."
	Tenchi blinked.
	Rokara and Velden looked ready to leap on Tenchi, but 
a quick look from Bovarin stopped them.
	Jadarin focused all his energy into his hand.  A 
lightsword flashed to life, flickering with a lack of power.  
With a cry, he launched himself at Tenchi for a final attack.  
Tenchi raised his Light Hawk sword.
	As he rushed at Tenchi, Jadarin had time for one last 
thought.  An image of Ryoko flashed into his head.  <Goodbye, 
Ryoko.>  He mentally smiled a second later as an image of 
Nalia followed.  <Goodbye, Nalia.>  He leapt into the air 
and raised the sword.  Tenchi brought the sword up.
	Suddenly, there was a flash of blue and Jadarin was no 
longer there.  Tenchi turned to see Ryoko flying by him at
mach two with Jadarin in her arms.
	Jadarin blinked at his savior.  "Ryoko..."
	Ryoko was blinking tears out of her eyes.  She circled 
around and landed next to Tenchi, putting Jadarin on his feet.  
Tenchi and Jadarin raised their swords again, but Ryoko stood 
between them, her own sword ignited and forming a glowing red 
barrier between them.  They both looked to her in shock.
	Ryoko took a deep breath.  "That's enough," she whispered, 
"Both of you."  She turned to the Nakrakai who were holding 
Ayeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi captive.  "Let them go," she said 
simply.  Bovarin threw a look to Jadarin.  The prince was 
silent a moment, then he nodded curtly.  Bovarin and Velden 
stood back.  Rokara threw Kiyone a venomous look, spit on her, 
then stepped back with the others.
	"Ryoko!"  Tenchi cried.  "Are you okay?!  What happened!?  
What's going on!?"
	She raised her hand up to stop him.  She took another 
breath and continued.  "I'm fine Tenchi.  I'm okay."
	"Well, what the hell is going on!?"
	"It's a very long, very complicated story.  But the gist 
of it is that this is a huge misunderstanding."
	"Misunderstanding!?"
	She nodded.  "They never meant me any harm, Tenchi, as a 
matter of fact, they thought they were helping me."
	Tenchi blinked in astonishment.
	She turned to Jadarin and took his hand.  "Jadarin, for 
the past few days, you treated me like a princess, and I'm 
grateful for that.  I am, but I can't marry you.  I..." she 
swallowed before continuing.  "I love Tenchi."  Behind her, 
Tenchi flinched in surprise.  "I know you don't believe that, 
and I know you don't understand why, but I do.  Please, if 
you love as much as you say you do, let me go back with them."
	Jadarin squeezed her hand and shook his head.  "Ryoko, 
please, think about what you're saying.  If you go back, 
nothing will change.  He'll never appreciate you for who you 
are, he'll see you as nothing but an inconvenience, something 
he has to put up with."  He reached out and caressed her face.  
"You will be Queen of Edel and treated with the respect you 
deserve for the rest of your life, all you have to do is say 
that you'll stay."
	She blinked back a tear and shook her head.  This was 
hurting her in ways she couldn't describe.  She had never felt 
so divided in her life.  "I can't.  I'm sorry."  She took a 
step back away from him.
	"Ryoko.."
	"Please, Jadarin.  I'm begging you.  Stop."  Her voice 
was a whisper, pleading with him.
	Jadarin sighed and turned his back to her.  "Very 
well," he said, mustering as much authority as he could into 
his voice.  "I will entrust you to Masaki."  He turned back 
to her and stepped forward, taking her hands into his.  "But 
if you ever need me, for anything, you need only summon me."  
He put a rueful smile on his face.  "I will be there when you 
need me."
	She smiled.  "I heard about Nalia, Jadarin.  Right now, 
I think she needs you more than I do."
	Jadarin blinked.  "Yes, I think you may be right.  Thank 
you, Ryoko.  I'll never forget the time we've spent together."
	"Nor will I."
	He straightened and faced Tenchi.  "Masaki," he said in 
a dangerous voice, "You will treat her respectfully and 
honorably, because I swear now that if you do not I will return 
to your Urth and not stop until every member of your species is 
dead.  Do you understand me?"
	Tenchi blinked, but nodded.
	Jadarin stood back and nodded.  "Then you and your 
companions may leave."
	Ryoko smiled.  "Thank you, Jadarin."

	As Ryo-Ohki sped away from the Bandakar, Ryoko gazed 
out at the stars on the viewscreen.  Tenchi stepped up and 
stood beside her.  He looked over at her, saw the intensity 
of her expression and wondered what it was that had happened 
to her on that ship.  She reached out and took his hand.  For 
once, he didn't chase her away.
	"Ryoko, are you okay?"
	She looked to him and sighed.  "Yeah, Tenchi, I'm okay.  
It's just that...this experience has forced me to look at a 
few things in my life, and I don't like what I see there.  But 
it's gonna change."
	Tenchi didn't know what to say that.  "Change how?"
	She squeezed his hand.  "Ask me again, sometime."
	He nodded.  "Do you think Jadarin will be okay?"
	She nodded and smiled.  "I have a feeling Jadarin will 
be just fine."

	Nalia entered the room and paused as the door slid shut 
behind her.  Her hand went up and scratched the bandage that 
was around her neck.  It still hurt, in more ways than one.
	Jadarin stood up from his desk and circled around it.  
He leaned against it and watched as Nalia bowed to him.
	"Nalia," he began, "how are you feeling this morning?  
Any better?"
	It had been three days since the battle in the gymnasium, 
and there was still no improvement.  "No," she rasped, and 
fought down the tears that threatened to overwhelm her every 
time she heard the hoarse whisper she would be cursed with 
for the rest of her life.  Her voice, her beautiful voice, 
was gone, and gone forever.  
	"How may I serve My Prince?" she croaked out.
	Jadarin regarded her for a moment.  "Sing for me, 
Nalia."
	She closed her eyes as the tears overtook her.  
"My Prince, please.  I...I cannot.  My voice..."
	He took a step toward her and rested his hands on 
her shoulders.  "Your voice is beautiful to me, Nalia.  
It always has been, and it always will be.  This only means 
that I must stand closer to you when you sing, that's all."  
He leaned forward and gently embraced her.  Her pulse 
quickened at his touch.  "My Prince?"
	"Please, Nalia," he whispered to her,  "I...I am 
sorry I did not see it sooner.  But I see it now.  Sing 
for me."
	She blinked as the tears streamed down her face.  
Softly, she began to whisper the song she had wrote for him, 
the one she had sung at the banquet thrown in Ryoko's honor 
only a few days before.  She rested her head on his chest as 
she sang and let the tears flow, but these were tears of joy.  
Though she had lost her first passion, she had found her second.
	And now she sang only for him.


Author's Notes:

Well, I hope you enjoyed it.  Special thanks go out to Cav 
and Meg for proofing this for me and giving me feedback.  
Thanks you guys.  Send any C&C or flames to:

Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com