Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters. This takes place after the 
Tenchi Universe continuity.


	Author's Note: this is a serious Fan Fiction. This is what I truly believe 
would happen. Some of you may 
disagree, some of you won't and that's fine. But this is what I believe.


	"We must all come to terms with the world around us. We can't stay 
children forever. One day we have to 
become men, one day we have to make a choice." 

	Tenchi awoke that morning like any other morning. It was a bright day 
today. 
The sun shined into his room through his skylight window over his bed. He could 
smell food coming from downstairs. 

"Hmm.Sasami must have started breakfast already." He thought as he changed into 
his clothes.

	He walked down the staircase into the living room and was greeted by an 
embrace from Ryoko.

 "Tenchi! Your up! I f you had slept in any longer I was going to go personally 
wake you up." She whispered into his 
ear.
 
"...um.Ryoko." Tenchi began to say before Ayeka spoke up.

 " Release him at once you foul cretin!" she fumed.

 "Cretin? Who says cretin?" Ryoko teased.
 
"Girls c'mon it's too early to do this now. Lets just have some breakfast, 
alright?" 

	The girls hesitantly agreed. They all ate; Sasami had made a very good 
meal that morning and every one had 
cooled down a little bit. Later Tenchi went off to work in the vegetable garden. 

	It hasn't been all that long since they went to Jurai together and 
defeated Kagato. He had learned that he, 
Tenchi Masaki, was a juraian royal family member and the rightful heir to the 
throne. It had been bugging him lately. At 
first he didn't know what to do about it. Eventually he turned down the position 
of ruler of the universe. And actually he 
didn't regret that choice. He felt he made the right decision but it had still 
been on his mind.

 "What does it mean? Is their any thing else I don't know about myself?" 

	And this power, he had recently ascended to a place were he can summon a 
great power from inside of him. 
This power of Jurai, what will he do with it? 

"Should I just ignore it? Or should I embrace it and grow stronger? If I can 
develop it I could become stronger than 
grandpa. But what will happen to me?" 

	He was afraid that if he did do this the power would consume him like it 
did Kagato. His heart was full of 
questions without answers.

	Ayeka had been walking about when she noticed Tenchi sitting against a 
large tree in the woods. The look of 
seriousness and concern on his face did not go unnoticed.

 "Lord Tenchi, um.are you alright." 

"Huh.oh.Ayeka I didn't notice you were there. Yes I'm alright." He said 
unconvincingly. 

" Then may I join you?" She said while implying to sit next to him. 

" Yeah that would be nice." 

He seemed happier that she was there. 

" That's good." she thought. 

After a brief silence, 

" Tell me what your thinking lord Tenchi. " she said out loud. 

" I.its just all this stuff about Jarai. What does it all mean? What should I 
do? What if what happened to Kagato 
happens to me?"

  " That won't happen Tenchi! He was a sic man driven by greed and jealousy your 
nothing like him."

 "But Kagato started out as a good guy too and it was the power that drove him 
over the edge!" Tenchi stated with 
much concern. 

Ayeka saw that he was legitimately worried that it could happen to him. 

" But he was alone Tenchi. He had no one to help him and he fell into despair. 
But your not alone you have your grandfather, and the other girls. You. Have. 
Me." 

	Tenchi just realized then how close he was to Ayeka. He was so caught up 
in the conversation; he didn't realize 
his face was only a few inches from hers. They both blushed and moved back a 
little bit 

" I'm here for you Tenchi. Any problems that come up we will handle together." 
She continued. " Kagato had twisted the 
power to his own regard. The power of Jurai is a peaceful and noble one. Don't 
forget lord Tenchi I posses the power 
too." 

Tenchi thought for a moment. " Thank you Ayeka."

	Many weeks passed and Tenchi had slowly learned to cope with his newfound 
responsibility. He had decided 
not to train and develop it much, but not to ignore it either. Ayeka had been 
extremely helpful. After he finished school 
everyday the two of them would get together and Ayeka would tell him all about 
Jurai and their philosophies and 
culture. He had begun to really enjoy spending time with Ayeka. Of course if 
Ryoko knew about them she would 
probably blow up the house, so they kept it a secret. When they got together it 
would usually be at night, in the woods 
or When Ryoko was napping. 

	One night they had gotten together in the woods under the same tree that 
they had been under when Tenchi 
had first told Ayeka of his troubles. The moon was full that night and it was a 
beautiful evening. 

" Lord Tenchi, remember when we first met and grandfather told you to show me 
around."

 "Yes." 

"You took me to this very tree and I tripped and you caught me. Do you remember 
that Tenchi?" 

"Yes I do Ayeka."

 " That's.that's when I first fell in love with you Tenchi!" she confessed. 

Tenchi was surprised and yet he knew it was just a matter of time when it came 
to this. 

" Ayeka.you know I could never chose between you and Ryoko."

 "I know Lord Tenchi, but I can't hide my feelings for you, I love you more than 
you know!" she said as she held back 
her tears. 

The anguish in her voice could easily be heard. She was heartbroken for as much 
as she wanted him to return 
her love she knew that that may never happen. And worse yet that he may choose 
Ryoko over her. She was not blind; 
she could see how attractive Ryoko must be to him. She's always trying to seduce 
him. It's a testament to his character 
that he hasn't given in to her yet. 

Tenchi then spoke up "as I was saying: I could never chose between you and 
Ryoko, but that was before. 
Before you were kidnapped by Kagato, Before you stayed on jurai when I came back 
to Earth, before you stood by me 
when I needed help...Ayeka I.I.I love you too." 
 
" Oh Tenchi." she said as she ran to him. 

He caught her in his arms and they held each other as Ayeka wept onto his 
shoulder. They weren't tears of 
sadness as before but tears of complete and utter joy. It was bliss to be in his 
arms and it was the happiest moment in 
her entire life.

	The next morning was an awkward one for they had decided that they would 
tell every one the news that night. 
Ryoko unaware of the recent developments was her usual flirtatious self, but was 
surprised to see that Ayeka was not 
her usual self at all; in fact she didn't seem to mind in the least. 

" Hey princess what's the matter? Finally realize your no match for me?" 

" Oh I just don't think it's necessary to fight over him anymore." She said in a 
very calm and collected voice. 

" Your up to something princess but it won't work. Tenchi and I have sworn to 
die together!" 

Ryoko said as she snuggled close to Tenchi. Tenchi sighed and hung his head. He 
was more afraid that he 
would be the one dieing after Ryoko hears the news.

	The day went by quickly and soon it was dinnertime. Everyone was there 
Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi, and 
Kiyone, Dad, and Grandpa, and Ayeka and Ryoko. We ate with usual type of 
conversations, you know who blew up 
what and all that. Dinner was finally finished and it was time for our 
um.announcement.

" Um excuse me everybody but I have something I have to say." Tenchi said then 
stood up.  "Um.well.I don't know 
how to say this but well." 

" Speak up boy" grandpa said. 

" Okay well.everyone, Ryoko, I'm in love with Ayeka." 

"Oh My God! The day has finally come my boy has chosen a wife!" yelled Tenchi's 
dad.

" Yay! Ayeka!" said Sasami who was happy for her sister. 

" Well what do you know he actually chose." Said Kiyone. 

 " Wow, I thought he was going to chose Ryoko." Subtly said Mihoshi. 

" Knew it." Said Washu.

"Hmmm.interesting." was all grandpa said. 

And Ryoko well.

	Ryoko did not take it well. The second she heard him say it she stood up, 
grabbed Ryo-ohki from Sasami's head 
went outsidee, threw her into the air and teleported onto her bridge. Ryo-ohki 
had transformed into a ship and shot off 
into outer space before Tenchi could stop her. 

"Ryoko! Wait! Come back!" but it was too late, she was gone. 

Ayeka was quickly by Tenchi's side. 

" Don't worry, she's hurt but she'll come back. She's loved you for as long as I 
have. She won't let you go that easy." 

	"Stupid Ayeka." Ryoko said while crying in her captain's chair aboard Ryo-
ohki. 

Deep down she knew that he would have to choose one of them, and if it wasn't 
her it would have been Ayeka. 

"Damn it! Why not me? Why Ayeka?" she was sobbing hard now. 

She had a feeling that this might happen. When they were at the old royal palace 
of Jurai she over heard them 
talking. Tenchi had just found out that he was a juraian prince and Ayeka was 
there for him. 

"She would always be there for him in a way I couldn't be.I'm not from Jurai " 
Ryoko stopped crying. " Heh, the prince 
and the princess, as if they were made for each other. Well I can't say I wish 
them happiness but I'm a good sport, I'm no 
sore loser." She started getting louder " I'm Ryoko the space pirate! I never 
give up."
 
She started yelling now " Tenchi! Even if you've chosen Ayeka I still love you 
and 
I'll always be there for you no matter what!" she got even louder! " You hear 
that 
Tenchi I'm coming and I'm never going to let you go! Ryo-ohki! Full speed to 
Earth!" 

"MMRRRRREEEOOOOOOOOOOWWWWW!"

          Ayeka and Tenchi were sitting next to each other cuddling looking up 
at the sky when suddenly Tenchi jumped 
up. 

" What's the matter lord Tenchi?" 

Tenchi: "I don't know I just suddenly felt a chill?"


                                                                        -END-             
 
   


 
