 09/30/00  



         (Standard disclaimer begging for mercy)

         Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and the characters are
    not mine. They are owned by Pioneer/AIC (I think). I
    found them, and I'm just having a little fun with
    them. I'm not trying to make any money with them. This
    is simply for my own entertainment. Well, I hope it
    entertains a few others also, possibly. But please, 
    don't sue me. OK? Pretty please?
	  
      (This is and updated version. I fixed a few errors.
       If you notice any more feel free to point them out.
       I can't fix the story though, it is what it is.)






                  "The Prince and the Pirate"
                            -Part 3-



	Yogami stood on the steps of the shrine waiting for the
 return of her father and prince Yosho. They had been gone for
 almost an hour now and she was starting to get worried. What if
 something had happened to them? 
	Her father in law had explained the nature of the
 strange 'woman' the men had brought to the shrine that day. Apart
 from her unusual hair she had seemed normal enough, but when the
 old priest began describing the what he had seen she had taken on
 a much more menacing appearance. Now she was out there somewhere,
 loose. If anything had happened to the men, how could she hope to
 protect herself and her daughter from such a creature?
	She caught her breath as a figure appeared from the trees,
 after a second another followed. Relieved, she quickly recognized
 the two men returning. Hatori raised an arm, waving to her. She
 quickly descended the steps to meet them. 

	"No luck?", she asked as they drew close. Hatori shook his
 head, stopping to mop his brow with the sleeve of his robe. Both
 men were soaked with sweat from the walking they had done.
	"I take it she hasn't returned here?", the old man said.
 Yogami, cringing at the mere suggestion, shook her head. 
	"Perhaps she's run off," Hatori said turning questioningly
 to Yosho. "Perhaps she's gone for good." 
	A weary looking Yosho, didn't reply. 

	Maybe it would be better if she never returned? No. She was
 too dangerous to be allowed to roam free. If she didn't return on
 her own he would have to track her down yet again. She was his
 responsibility now, he would have to deal with her.

	At that moment though, he didn't even feel capable of
 dealing with the shrine's steps. If he didn't sit down, he
 realized he was probably going to fall down. Yogami, noticing his
 discomfort, quickly rushed to his side putting an arm around him.
 She began helping him to the stairs.

	"Father!", she said, shooting the old priest a disgusted
 look. "Are you blind, have you forgotten how badly hurt he was?"
 Hatori, abashed, quickly moved to help her.

	"Gods, boy! Why didn't you say something?", he draped
 Yosho's good arm across his shoulders, walking him to the steps.

	"I'm fine!", Yosho protested, knowing full well that he
 wasn't. "I just need to rest for a minute."

	Yogami gave him a disparaging look as they helped him down. 
	"What you need to do is get some sleep.", she said
 reprovingly, but the expression on her face told him that she
 understood. He couldn't, not while Ryoko was still missing.
	"Wait here a moment, I have some chilled tea inside for both
 of you.", she said as she hurried up the steps and into the
 shrine.

	Hatori groaned as he took a seat next to the younger man.

	"You should have told me Yosho.", he gently reprimanded him. 
	"You're not going to be of any use to anyone if you pass out
 on us.", he said clapping him on the shoulder. 

	The jar to Yosho's shoulder knocked Tenchi-ken from his
 weakened grasp. The master key clattered as is fell to the
 ground, coming to rest at the bottom of the steps.

	"I'm sorry.", Hatori gasped embarrassed. "I'll get it."

	Before Yosho could react to warn him, the man had leaned
 out, reaching down to pick up the sword. Aghast, Yosho waited the
 for the inevitable consequences of the man's actions. To his
 profound shock Hatori picked up the master key, dusted it off and
 held it out for him. The confusion must have been apparent on his
 face. 

	"Is something wrong?", the old man asked, an eyebrow raised
 in curiosity. His hand hovered, still holding out Tenchi-ken.

	Yosho was too stunned to speak as he took the sword back. He
 sat examining it closely, as though it had somehow been switched
 with a duplicate. But there was only one Tenchi-ken, and this was
 it. How was it possible? The master key could only be handled by
 members of the royal family. Anyone else who tried found the
 experience unpleasant in the extreme. Tenchi-ken would lash out
 with a burst of electricity if it found its handler unsuitable.
	"You...You picked this up," he said bewildered, his
 expression dazed. "With your bare hand!"

	Unable to understand Yosho's reaction, Hatori looked
 worriedly at the younger man, his brows knitting. He was acting
 very strangely indeed, maybe he was becoming delirious.
	"Are you sure you're okay?", he said anxiously. "Perhaps
 Yogami's right, perhaps you do need to lie down for a bit."  

	"Miyana!", Yogami suddenly gasped from behind them. 

	The men spun to regard her. She stood in the shrine's
 doorway, a tray clutched in her trembling hands. Following her
 line of sight they discovered the cause of her distress. Crossing
 the flagstones from the direction of the shrine's concrete steps,
 came Ryoko hand in hand with the little girl. Upon seeing her
 mother, Miyana pulled free and ran towards the group.

	"Mommy!", she yelled happily. "Grandpa!"

	Quickly setting the tray aside, Yogami ran down the stairs
 to meet her. She wrapped her in an embrace, kissing her. 
	"Are you all right?", she asked, worriedly brushing the
 girls hair from her face to look her over.

	"Yeah! Me and Ryoko were just playing.", Miyana said, a bit
 confused by her mother's reaction. 

	"Playing?", Yogami said, casting a wary glance at the
 approaching woman. 

	"I told her she could stay for dinner.", the girl continued.
 "That's all right isn't it?"

	"Yes honey, that'll be fine.", Hatori said, having gotten up
 and crossed to the pair. "In fact Ryoko's going to be staying
 with us for a while."

	"She is?!", Miyana exclaimed. "Great!"

	"You didn't tell me you knew my grandfather.", she said as
 Ryoko drew to a stop before the trio.
	
	"I didn't know that I did.", she said, with a trace of
 amusement in her yellow eyes as she regarding the man.

	"I guess I never did properly introduce myself.", he said, a
 bit abashed, bowing formally. "I am Hatori Masaki, the priest of
 this shrine."
	"This is my daughter in law, Yogami," he continued. "And her
 daughter, Miyana, whom you've already met I see."

	Ryoko regarded the woman who knelt before her, looking up at
 her. Her arms were wrapped protectively around her daughter. She
 was sadden by the distrust she saw in the woman's brown eyes, the 
 fear that she recognized all too well. 

	"Miyana, why don't you come help me fix dinner?", the woman
 said, taking her eyes from Ryoko to regard her daughter. She
 stood up, taking the girl by the hand.

	"But...", Miyana began to protest, looking back at Ryoko.

	"Don't worry, you'll see Ryoko later.", Hatori reassured
 her. "Go and help your mother."

	"Okay.", Miyana acquiesced unhappily, waving as she was lead
 away. Ryoko held up a hand in response.

	Ryoko and Hatori stood side by side watching as Yogami
 ushered her daughter around to the back of the shrine.

	"She's a beautiful little girl, the light of my life.", he
 sighed, glancing at Ryoko out of the corner of his eye. "I don't
 know what I would do if anything ever happened to her."

	She stiffened at his inference, knowing exactly what he
 meant.
	"I would kill myself before I allowed any harm to come to
 her.", she said quietly, turning her gaze on him, indignant at
 even having to say such a thing.

	The old man studied her intently for a moment before
 replying. 
	"Yes, I'm sure you would.", he said confidently. "But that
 won't be necessary. If you can just keep her from falling down
 the concrete steps all the time, or beating up Yoshi's son again,
 that would be more than sufficient." With a smile he turned to
 her bowing his head slightly, apologetic. 
	"I have a few things to attend to. I'll return to collect
 the two of you for dinner later.", Hatori said, turning to the
 shrine's steps.	
	"I expect you'll be easier to find now that I've gotten you
 away from my grand daughter.", he said with a disarming chuckle. 
	
	Yosho had watched the proceedings quietly from his perch on
 the steps, immeasurable relieved that he hadn't needed to
 intervene. He knew there was a fine line between wisdom and
 folly. His decision regarding Ryoko had apparently fallen into
 the former category. Hatori approached him, a quirky smile on his
 weathered face.
	
	"I guess you were right after all.", he whispered as he
 passed, heading for the main doors. He stopped abruptly before
 reaching them though.
	"Ah," he said, stooping to retrieve the discarded Yogami's
 discarded tray. "We forgot all about the tea." Turning he brought
 it to where Yosho was seated. "Well, maybe you can share it with
 my other guest."
	With a final wink he departed, leaving the pair to fend for
 themselves. Yosho glanced out into the courtyard where Ryoko
 still stood looking ill at ease, her eyes looking anywhere but at
 him. Sighing, he picked up the pitcher and poured himself a cup
 of the chilled tea Yogami had left. It was very good, slightly
 sweetened, not too strong. 
	"Would you like some tea?", he called to her, feeling that
 he should at least make the effort. "It's a local blend, it's
 delicious, really."

	Ryoko glanced about before turning to him, as if he might
 have been addressing someone else.
 
	"Have a seat, and try some.", he coaxed. Pouring another
 cup, he held it out for her. 
	With one final look around Ryoko walked the final few yards
 to the shrine stairs. Accepting the offered cup she took a seat
 across from him. Yosho watched as she sniffed the its contents.
 Satisfied that it was at least non-lethal she took a small sip.
 He smiled when he saw her expression of curiosity change to one
 of delight. In a couple of gulps she had downed the whole thing.
	"See? I told you.", he said, picking up the pitcher to
 refill her cup, which she eagerly held out. Setting the pitcher
 back down he retrieved his own, taking a sip. 
	
	He couldn't help but reflect on the bizarre twist his life
 had taken. If someone had told him two weeks ago that he would be
 sitting on the stairs of a shrine on his mother's planet,
 drinking tea with the most dangerous criminal in the galaxy, he
 would have told them they were crazy. Yet, here they were, the
 Prince and the Pirate. 
	Glancing over, he studied her profile. She looked like she
 was in her late teens. Her hair was a wild mane of teal, her eyes
 a golden yellow that glittered when struck by the sun. Her
 features were finely boned, her neck long and graceful. How could
 someone as delicately built as she was, have wielded so much power?
 She seemed so harmless now, almost meek. It was hard to believe
 that he'd nearly been killed by this woman. 

	When Ryoko became aware of his attention she fidgeted
 self-consciously. 
	"What?", she finally asked. "What is it?"

	"Sorry, I was just thinking.", he said, forcing himself to
 look away.

	It was strange. He had *known* she would return. Just as he
 *knew* they were in no danger from her, despite what common sense
 said. What he couldn't figure out was just how he knew.

	The odd pair sat quietly gazing out across the countryside.
 The afternoon sun hung low in the sky. The heat of the day was
 filling an already tired Yosho with a dreamy languor. The tea had
 helped revitalize him somewhat, but what he really need was
 sleep. Now that Ryoko had appeared, thankfully on her own, there
 was the possibility he might get it. He turned to regard the teal
 haired woman again.
	
	"You had us pretty worried you know.", he said offhandedly.
 "Running off like that." 
	Ryoko stiffened a bit at his comment, but didn't reply. It
 didn't appear as though she was going the allow herself to be
 dragged into conversation. Yosho lapsed back into silence, Ryoko
 pointedly ignored him. 

	Curiosity had gotten the better of him though. She was a
 mystery begging to be solved. If only he could only get her to
 talk he might be able to make some headway. 

	"Who are you Ryoko?", he mused, speaking aloud the simple
 thought that had passed through his mind.

	"What do you mean?", she asked, taken aback by his question.

	"Just that. Who are you?", he said, taking a sip of his tea.
 "Where do you come from?" For some reason she seemed troubled by
 these questions. Silently she sat, her hands restlessly toying
 with her cup.

	"I don't know.", she muttered after a few moments. 

	"Well, how did you become a pirate?", he probed, not ready
 to give in just yet. She turned and gave a look that pleaded for
 him to stop, but he met her gaze, unrelenting. He wanted to
 understand her, he needed to know. It seemed for a moment as
 though she was going to get up and leave, but she stopped
 herself. The cyan haired girl appeared to be fighting some sort
 of inner conflict. He watched curiously, waiting for its
 outcome. After a few moments she became very still, then she
 began to speak.
	
	"There's a man named Kagato.", she said, her voice nearly a
 whisper, her head bowed, her face shadowed. "He's my master,
 he...owns me."

	Yosho stared at her in shock. Ryoko was a slave?  

	"I've been with him as long as I can remember. He...", she
 paused taking a breath. "controls me. He uses me, to do things,
 to get things. "
	She placed a hand to her head. "Until now he's always been
 with me, in my mind, telling me what to do.", she said, her eyes
 unfocused. Her voice was strangely trance like. "When you took
 the gems you must have broken his power over me." Suddenly she
 tensed, withdrawing.
	"Who am I?!", she hissed sarcastically. She snapped her head
 around, facing him.
	
	"Nobody!", she yelled, without warning. Angrily she hurled
 her cup out across the yard. "Without him, I don't know what to
 think! I don't know what to do!" Yosho, who had been hanging on
 her every word, rocked back in shock at the unexpected eruption
 of emotion. The girl had gone wild.
	"I don't know who I am!", she cried, hysterical tears
 streaming down her face. "I don't know!"
	
	Yosho watched in horrified silence as the young woman
 disintegrated before him. What had he done? Ryoko sat shaking
 violently, her face buried in her hands. He felt compelled to try
 to comfort her. Tentatively he reached out a hand, but as he
 rested it on her shoulder she jerked away. 

	"Don't!", she gasped warningly as she turned to him, her
 eyes narrowing. "Don't touch me." 
	As he withdrew his hand, she faded from sight. Alone he sat,
 staring at the seat she had so recently occupied. With a sudden
 flash of insight he thought he knew the cause of her reaction. He
 thought he knew the cause of her pain. 
	She was empty. There was no Ryoko. Like a new born babe, she
 was a blank slate. All she had left were the ghostly echoes of
 her master's desires. 

	

	
	In Miyana's grove Ryoko sat clutching the garland of flowers
 that had been her crown. The weak light slanting through the
 trees left the clearing shrouded in shadows. It was as if the
 color had been sapped from it. Her hands fumbled with the floral
 wreath as she plucked petals from it. She sniffed, a tear rolled
 down her cheek. She angrily wiped away. 
	Nothing made any sense anymore. All her life she had
 secretly wished, deep down in place Kagato could never reach,
 that one day she would be free of him. Now she had her freedom,
 only to discover that she was lost without him. She was
 incomplete. Even without his power she was still his slave.
	"Damn you...", she cursed him, tears flowing again. She
 brought a hand to her face to wipe her eyes. She looked down at
 the moisture on her hand. Tears, after all these years. Was she
 making up for lost time?

	She found herself wishing that things were back to the way
 they had been. Where everything made sense, where there was no
 pain. She knew that he would eagerly take her back, he was
 probably looking for her right now.
	
	"NO!", she shouted venomously, shaking her head to dislodge
 the treacherous thought. She would never go back to him! A
 lifetime of confusion and pain was better than one more hour
 under his thumb. She was strong, she could handle it. She was
 going to do what she did best, she was going to survive. She
 would learn to live on her own terms, to be her own person. She
 would learn to deal with it. 
	But it was so hard, in ways she never would have suspected. 
 Ryoko looked down at Miyana's crushed wreath in her hands. At
 least she wasn't completely alone now.

	
	
	
	"I don't want you around that woman.", Yogami told her
 daughter, as she busied herself in the kitchen preparing dinner.
 Miyana, who was helping looked up at her dumbfounded.

	"But why?", she asked confused.

	Yogami turned to her daughter, her expression sober.
 "Miyana, just do as I say."

	"But she's my friend!", she protested. "She said we could
 play together!"

	"Miyana!", her mother snapped. The girl shrank away at her
 angry tone.

	When she saw Miyana's reaction Yogami put down the knife she
 had been using and knelt down before her. She took hold of Miyana
 by the arms, looking her in the eye.
	"Miyana you don't understand, you don't know the things I
 know about her.", she said reasonably, pleading with her. "I just
 don't want anything to happen to you. She's dangerous..."
	
	"But she's not!", Miyana interrupted, struggling in her
 mother's grasp. "She's my friend!"
	
	"Miyana!", Yogami said sternly, giving her a shake. "I want
 you to promise me that you won't go near her when I'm not
 around!"
	"Promise me!" Tears were running down her face. Miyana,
 disturbed by her mother's distress, began to cry as well. She
 didn't know how, but she done something to upset her mother. Now
 she had to make it better.

	"I promise, mommy.", she cried. A relieved Yogami gave
 Miyana a teary eyed smile before wrapping her in her arms,
 holding her close.



	As he had promised, when dusk descended, Hatori appeared.
 Somewhat to Yosho's surprise Ryoko reappeared as well. Subdued
 and quiet she said nothing about their previous conversation. She
 didn't speak at all in fact, following them as silently as a
 ghost. The old priest said that dinner would be at Kanida and
 Yogami's home. 
	Back behind the shrine, a short way down the hill lay
 Hatori's son's humble home. It was modest, even spartan; as
 befitted a hard working farmer's family. Four rooms, a kitchen in
 the back, but small as it was, it was filled with life. Yosho had
 lived in a palace all his life. Hugh and impersonal, it dwarfed
 all those who lived within it. Dust never collected in the
 corners, the polished gleam never left the woodwork, and its
 residents never left their mark on it. It was like living in a
 museum. The family's rather ramshackle quarters by comparison
 spoke volumes about them. It was the little things; muddy shoes
 left in the entrance way, dried flowers hanging in a corner,
 umbrellas leaning neatly by the door, the smell of cooking
 wafting through the room, clothing hanging on a line. To his
 surprise he found himself envying them their hovel. They 'lived'
 here. As small as it was, it was theirs.

	Ryoko stood quietly off to one side in the family's main
 room listening while Hatori explained to Yosho the duties of a
 shrine's resident priest. The population of the valley being as
 small as it was, there wasn't much to do. Apart from the
 occasional wedding and funeral (one time on the same day, he
 chuckled morbidly as he recounted the fate of one particular
 elderly couple), he only had to preside over the local festivals.
 This left him to his own devises for most of the year, which was
 just as he liked it. 
	The activity in the kitchen drew her attention, she craned
 her neck trying to catch a glimpse of little Miyana. As she stood
 watching, the girl stopped in the doorway, basket in hand.
 Catching her glance Miyana gave her one strange sad look, then
 continued on. Ryoko stood wondering at its meaning when a call
 from the front of the house drew her attention.

	"I'm home!", Hatori's son, Kanida had returned from a day in
 the fields.

	"Papa!", a high pitched voice cried from the kitchen. A
 two-legged blur streaked through the doorway and leapt into the
 man's arms, nearly knocking the wind out of him.

	"Well, hello sunshine. How was your day?", he chuckled as he
 lifted his daughter. His laughter trailed off when he noticed his
 visitors. Hatori and Yosho both rose from the table where they
 had been seated. Kanida took it all in with frank surprise, his
 eyes lingering longest when he came upon Ryoko. He turned to his
 father with consternation. Hatori gave him a calming smile in
 reply.

	"Allow me to make the introductions.", he said
 diplomatically. Stepping aside Hatori held out his hand. "Kanida,
 this is Prince Yosho of Jurai."
	Kanida's face went white as he attempted a low bow with
 Miyana firmly tucked into his hip. Yosho smiling, nodded in
 return. Taking a couple steps to his left Hatori again gestured.
	"And this is...", he hesitated, seeking a proper title for
 the woman, one that wouldn't arouse his son's fears, but failed.
 "Ryoko."

	Politely, Kanida slowly bowed, never taking his eyes from
 the strangely dressed woman. Ryoko remained aloof, barely
 acknowledging the gesture. 

	"Ryoko's my new friend!", Miyana said, all smiles, breaking
 the building tension of the room. Kanida looked down at the girl
 perched on his hip with thinly veiled concern.

	"Oh...", he said devoid of enthusiasm, before looking back
 to the cyan haired woman. "That's nice honey." Yogami, who stood
 silently in kitchen doorway watching the exchange, caught his
 eye. They shared a brief but intense look before she spoke up.

	"Dinner will be ready in a just a minute.", she called.
 "Miyana, let your father rest. Come and help me set the table."

	"Go help your mother.", Kanida said letting the girl down,
 giving her a playful swat on the rump to send her on her way.

	"'Kay.", Miyana said as she scampered off. Kanida noticed
 curiously how Ryoko eyes followed the girl, her strange
 expression. For a moment their eyes met as she tuned back. Ryoko
 quickly looked away, but not before he saw the odd sadness
 evident on her face.

	Hatori gestured for Kanida to take a seat at the table. The
 men sat as Hatori poured a cup of tea for his son. He refilled
 Yosho's and his own cups as well. Ryoko, setting herself apart
 from the group, hovered in the background. They sat talking,
 pointedly avoiding her as a topic of discussion.
	Ryoko listened in on their conversation for a while. It
 seemed to involve an upcoming harvest. She found it all mind
 numbingly dull. As her attention wandered she occupied herself by
 studying Hatori's son. 
	She supposed he was a handsome man, he looked as she would
 have imagined Hatori to look if he were his age. Rather short but
 well built, he carried an aura of quiet strength. His hair and
 eyes were so dark that they appeared as almost black in the low
 light of the room's lanterns. The man wore the dirt of the field
 as another man might wear his finest clothes. His rich voice had
 the ring of authority to it when he spoke, but the similarity to
 his father faltered there. There was something almost indefinably
 different about him, something lacking, something the predator
 inside her could sense. Was it that hint aggression, that promise
 of violence embodied in the older man? A person attuned to such
 things couldn't miss it. Hatori might be a lion, but he had
 raised a son who was a lamb. Weakness, she could almost taste it.

	The trio's voices rang with laughter as Kanida related the
 problems inherent with following a plow horse cursed with over
 active bowels. 

	Ryoko drifted in the shadows, circling the small room,
 unobtrusively watching the interaction of the men with curiosity.
 She came to a stop leaning on one of the home's supporting beams,
 quietly blending in with the background. For a flickering of an
 instant Yosho's violet eyes met hers, marking her presence. There
 was nothing preylike about that one. 
	She rested her head against the wooden beam, it's coarse
 surface cool against her cheek. The fatigue on his tightly drawn
 face was obvious to her, though he gamely hid this fact from the
 others. He was a tough one alright. His left arm hung in a sling
 around his neck, several closed lacerations evident on his face.
 She absently brought a hand up to rub the base of her throat.
 Smooth, as though the gem had never been there. Closing her eyes
 she could feel the missing gem's ghostly presence, followed by a
 strange burning sensation that began growing in intensity. Her
 eyes snapped open fixing the Yosho with a stare. No, there was
 nothing preylike about that one at all.

	"Dinner's ready!", Yogami called from the family's dinning
 room. Ryoko trailed behind as the men rose and trooped into the
 adjacent room. A low table sat in its center, set with a
 surprising variety of dishes. She watched uneasily from the
 doorway as the group sorted out their seating arrangements.

	Yet another hurdle to cross, an intimate dinner. Anxiety
 warred with her amusement at the ridiculousness of it all. Of
 course she was no stranger to eating, but she'd never had to eat
 with others before. One did not have a quiet dinner with master
 Kagato, and there was never such a thing as a 'guest' on the
 Souja. Ryoko couldn't help but grin at her own discomfort.
 Etiquette, what an absurd thing to worry about. 

	Hatori turned to her from his seat at the end of the table.
 He smiled back at her, unaware of the true origin of her grimace.
	"Well, don't be a stranger.", he said, gesturing to the seat
 on his right, as all eyes turned to her. "Have a seat right here,
 next to me."

	Nonchalantly she strolled over, taking the offered seat
 between the priest and the prince. She surreptitiously watched as
 the others began to eat, aping their actions. 
	She'd never seen anything quite like it. There was so much
 to choose from and everything smelled so good. 

	A meal aboard the Souja had always been a dicy affair. While
 the food the ship's replicators produced was definitely
 nutritious, it had always left a great deal to be desired in the
 way of taste. They had been programmed to create a hundred
 different meals all of which tasted similar to, if not exactly
 like, dirt. Fed up with the infernal machines she had once
 stopped eating altogether, only to discover that she really
 didn't need to. But eventually some deep seated biological urge
 had driven her back to them for yet another plate of their damned
 gruel.

	This was a different experience entirely. While she would be
 the first admit that she didn't have the most well developed
 sense of taste. She had had no idea there could be so many
 different flavors. It was like colors in a rainbow of taste. She
 soon lost herself in the process of trying to sampling
 everything, unaware of the rather amused looks she was drawing. 

	"Try the fish Ryoko!", Miyana urged from the far corner of
 the table, egging her on. "Momma let me fix it all by myself!"

	'Fish?', she thought as she spied a likely looking dish. She
 added a bit of the plate's contents to her own, it smelled
 wonderful, and tasted even better.
 

	The whole thing began innocently enough as a slight tickle
 in the back of her throat, then she sudden started sweating, her
 eyes began to burn. Within seconds her mouth was aflame, gasping
 she reached for her glass quickly gulping it in an attempt to
 extinguish the raging blaze. To her dismay it only seemed to
 spread the fire. Losing control she sputtered, coughing, her eyes
 tearing, as she fanned her mouth.


	"Eh?", Hatori looked at her curiously, noticing her
 discomfort. With a quick bit of deduction he sampled the fish
 himself. Coughing, he grabbed his cup swigging it, realizing a
 second too late that that had been a bad idea. 
	"Gods!", he gasped pounding his fist on the table, drawing
 everyone's attention.

	"Did I use too much Wasabi?", a confused Miyana asked her
 mother innocently as both Hatori and Ryoko writhed at the far end
 of the table. 

	"Just how much did you use?", Yogami asked her, a little
 worried.

	"All of it.", she replied casually.

	"All of it?!"

	"Well, yeah. But I mixed it in real good!", Miyana said a
 bit defensively.

	Suddenly understanding the problem, both Yogami and Kanida
 turned and began offering helpful, if contradictory, advise.

	"Quick! Rinse your mouth out with tea!" 
	
	"Scrape your tongue with a bamboo shoot!"

	"Hold your breath!

	"Breathe through your nose!"

	"Rice! Eat lots of rice!"

	"No, soy sauce! Take a mouthful soy sauce!"

	"Sake!", Hatori wheezed cutting them off. "Get some sake!"
 Even if it didn't help it might at least make it bearable
	"Quick!", he urged, as Yogami jumped to her feet and trotted
 into the kitchen. She quickly returned carrying a large white
 stoneware bottle, which Hatori snatched from her grasp just as
 soon as it came into range. Discarding the top he upended the
 bottle, pouring a measure into his empty cup. He downed in one
 long swallow. 
	Yosho watched all this with curiosity. Glancing back and
 forth between Ryoko and Hatori, he tried to figure out just what
 was going on. The old man, refilling his cup, now wore an
 expression of mingled agony and ecstasy. Ryoko sat frantically
 looking about for some source of relief.

	"Here girl.", Hatori gasped out, handing the bottle to her,
 wheezing even worse than before. "Get a bit of this into you."

	As he watched wide eyed, Ryoko took hold of the bottle,
 pressing it to her lips she tipped it back. That hadn't been
 quite what he had in mind. Her throat worked as she quickly
 downed the entire thing. Finishing, she set the empty bottle down
 on the table with a gasp of relief. Hatori, despite himself, was
 rather impressed by this demonstration of drinking prowess. It
 wasn't just anyone who could polish off a bottle of sake like
 that. An odd expression came over Ryoko's face, she turned an
 even deeper shade of crimson. Without warning she erupted in a
 hacking, sputtering cough. Thinking fast, Yosho gave her a quick
 swat on the back which seemed to help her regain her control.
 Silence descended on the room, punctuated by Hatori and Ryoko's
 panting breaths. 
	A tiny voice spoke up from the far end of the table.

	"Um...", Miyana said with embarrassment as everyone turned
 to her. "I'm sorry?"

	"Miyana! Really!", her mother scolded, exasperated.

	"It's all right, Yogami.", Hatori said, holding up a hand to
 calm her. "We'll survive." Managing to produce a reassuring smile
 he glanced over at Ryoko. She sat staring off glassy eyed,
 swaying slightly. A concerned Yosho exchanged looks with
 him.
	"I think...", he amended, his brow knitting.



	It was several minutes before Ryoko finally snapped out of
 it. She had gained a rosy blush on her cheeks, and a quirky
 lopsided grin, but otherwise seemed none the worse from her
 experience. Her appetite appeared unaffected, she picked up right
 where she left off, sampling dishes. 
	Once the offending fish had been properly disposed of the
 rest of the group resumed eating as well. Miyana's cooking skills
 became the main topic of conversation, much to her embarrassment.
 Quite a bit of creative energy was put in to naming her new dish.
 Although 'Miyana's Surprise' was thought to be the most
 appropriate, 'Flaming Fish of the Fiery Sun' was judged the most
 artistic. Even Miyana giggled when her grandfather rose to accept
 the accolades of the crowd.

	As dinner drew to a close Hatori spoke up. 

	"Ahh, a fine meal. Do you know what a meal like this calls
 for?", he asked rhetorically, a large smile on his face.

	"Sake?", Kanida answered with a knowing grin.

	"Sake?", Miyana piped up.

	"More sake?", Yogami said wryly, giving the old man the evil
 eye.

	"Sake!", he exclaimed, as though they had never spoken. "If
 you would be so kind, Yogami." With a shake of her head the woman
 rose. She returned in short order with the requested bottle and
 several clean cups.
	"What do you say Ryoko?", he said turning to her, offering
 her a cup. "Would you care for some more?"

	"Please!", Ryoko said eagerly accepting it. 

	As Yogami cleared the table Hatori set about distributing
 glasses to everyone. Yosho sipped his drink experimentally, it
 was very strong. Even before he had finished it he could feel its
 warmth spreading through his tired limbs. It had been a long day,
 while Hatori and his son discussed their plans for the coming day 
 he found his eye lids drooping. The old priest took note of
 Yosho's difficulty.

	"I think it's about time for us to be going.", Hatori said
 when he noticed Yosho starting to nod off.
	"And it's about time for you to be going to bed young
 lady.", he said to Miyana, who was sitting quietly at the far end
 of the table. A frown colored her face. "We have a big day
 tomorrow."

	Ryoko, who had been pouring herself another cup of sake,
 glanced at the unhappy Miyana. She gave Hatori a questioning
 look. 

	"Tomorrow I'm taking her to town to enroll her in master
 Kobayashi's class.", he explained. "She's going to school." 
	Everyone's attention was drawn by a loud crash of dishes.
 Yogami snatched up her tray and walked into the kitchen,
 purposely making as much noise as possible.
	"Yogami doesn't approve.", Hatori said with irritation as
 his daughter in law disappear through the doorway.

	"Doesn't approve?", Ryoko asked confused. "Why not?"

	"Yogami's very traditional." Kanida answered her sadly, his
 eyes on the doorway. "She feels that it's unseemly for a girl to
 be educated."
	
	"My mom says that no man would want a wife smarter than he
 is.", Miyana told Ryoko, a hint of worry in her voice.

	"No grandchild of mine is going to go through life
 ignorant!", Hatori said vehemently, his blanket statement ending
 the discussion. Ryoko had the impression that she was witnessing
 a very old argument. 
	"Just be ready in the morning.", he said turning to Miyana,
 his tone softening. "It's important for you to make a good first
 impression on the master."

	"I'll be ready.", she said with her head bowed, still not
 sounding particularly thrilled. She glanced up at Ryoko and her
 face suddenly brightened as an idea struck her. "Grandfather, can
 Ryoko come with us too? Please?"

	Kanida shot Miyana a surprised look before glancing to
 Ryoko, then to his father. Yogami, who had been eavesdropping on
 the conversation, appeared in the doorway with a shocked look on
 her face. Hatori sat considering Ryoko, absently stroking his
 mustache. A mischievous smile grew on his weathered face.

	"Well...why not?", he chuckled strangely. Miyana's parents
 looked positively stricken. "If she'd like to come that is."

	"Please Ryoko?", Miyana begged. "Please?"

	"Sure, I guess.", she replied. A trip to town did sound
 interesting, and she really didn't want to disappoint the girl.
 Miyana leaped up and came around the table, wrapping a surprised
 Ryoko in a hug.  

	"Oh, thank you!", Miyana said happily. "I'll feel so much
 better if you're with me."

	From across the room, Yogami's look threw daggers at Ryoko.
 She glared at her husband, demanding he to do something. Kanida,
 while uneasy about the situation, was inclined to trust in his
 father's judgment. He remained silent. Unnoticed by the others,
 Yogami shot him a withering look before storming back into the
 kitchen.

	"Now off to bed with you.", Hatori said waving Miyana away.
 "We'll see you in the morning." The girl said her good nights to
 everyone before scampered off.
	"And we should be getting this one to bed as well.", he said
 motioning to where Yosho was seated. He had fallen asleep sitting
 at the table, quietly snoring. 

	Hatori woke Yosho with as much dignity as was possible and
 Kanida helped him get the man to his feet. The strain of the day
 had finally caught up with the prince. Yosho wobbled unsteadily,
 the old priest had to put an arm around him to help him to the
 door. While the others were occupied Ryoko stealthily claimed the
 unfinished bottle of sake for herself. She fell into step behind
 the men. Yogami watched their progress from the shadows of the
 kitchen, her hands nervously wringing a wash rag, her knuckles
 white with the effort. 
	She didn't trust that Ryoko woman, not one inch. And Kanida
 had stood by and done nothing while his father put their daughter
 right in harm's way. Ryoko was dangerous, Yogami could feel it in
 her bones. Why couldn't they see that?

	Kanida return after seeing the trio off. Sliding the front
 door of the house closed he turned and walked back to the dinning
 room. Yogami stood one hand resting on the door jam, a pained
 expression on her face. He took a step towards her, holding a
 hand out. Before he could speak she icily turned her back on him,
 angrily walking away. Kanida dropped his hand back to his side
 and stood looking at the empty doorway. 
	He understood why she was angry, but he didn't have any idea
 how to dissuade her from it. There were things he knew with his
 heart that he would never be able to explain. One of them was his
 trust in his father, he was the wisest man he had ever known. If
 his father said a thing was so, you could be certain it was so.
 Unfortunately, his father's casual manner did nothing to reassure
 Yogami. She was just too serious a person to trust in the
 judgment of someone who was so easy-going. He knew his father's
 manner grated on her, but she put up with it, for his sake. They
 were like two sides of the same coin, both were opinionated and
 stubborn as mules.
	Frustrated, he looked about for the sake bottle. Where the
 hell had it gone to? He sat at the table retrieving the half
 finished cup he had left behind. He took a drink, sighing sadly
 as he lowered the cup.
	Perhaps that had been what had attracted him to Yogami in
 the first place, those traits she shared in common with the man
 he loved the most. Well, that and the fact that she was the most
 beautiful woman in the world. A fleeting grin crossed his face. 
	Yogami and his father were so much alike. If only they could
 find some common ground.



	With Ryoko's help Hatori had seen Yosho to his room. The
 prince had been fast asleep before his head even touched the
 pillow. That he would ever show such weakness was a surprise to
 Ryoko, perhaps he had simply reached the limits of his endurance.
 Hatori urgently ushered her out of the room. He tiptoed in a
 ludicrous manner, trying to be quiet as possible even though it
 was obvious that the prince was beyond hearing them. Once the
 door was closed he leaned heavily on it letting out a sigh of
 relief. He flashed her a mischievous grin that she couldn't help
 but reply to. 
	Smiling back, she found herself liking the old man. There
 was definitely more to him than first met the eye. 
 
	His grin turned into a warm smile as he stood up. "We'll
 leave for town a little after dawn tomorrow. Wear your best
 traveling clothes."
	"Perhaps something a tad more conservative?", he said
 looking her over critically. She looked down at her outfit before
 glancing back to him.

	"Conservative?" She thought she had some idea of what he
 meant after seeing how Yogami was dressed.

	"Please?", he asked. She nodded her acceptance. "I'll see
 you tomorrow bright and early then."
	Hatori sketched a short bow bidding her good night. Turning
 on his heel he walked off toward building's doorway. Stopping as
 he reached it he turned back.
	"Oh...", he said with a wink. "And don't drink too much
 sake, you might over sleep." With that he closed the door behind
 him. Ryoko pulled the bottle from its hiding place in her sleeve
 with a wry smile. She was going to have to keep an eye on that
 one.

	She considered the door to her room for moment. She probably
 should try to get some sleep, but she really didn't feel tired.
 She walked to the building's entrance, sliding the door open. The
 night air rushed in to greeted her. A light breeze blew past,
 carrying with it the strange smells of the new land. The stars
 stretched out overhead, blanketing the sky from horizon to
 horizon. The planet's one lonely moon hung high in the sky, a
 giant eye frozen in the midst of a blink. She stepped out into
 the darkness of the courtyard. Closing her eyes she let the wind
 wash over her, she listened to the sounds of the valley. The
 patter of little feet in the brush, the beating of wings in the
 air, the calls of the creatures in the night. But nowhere could
 the presence of humans be detected. Standing there with her eyes
 closed she imagined for a moment that there were none, that she
 was alone in the world. For some reason that thought wasn't so
 frightening anymore.
	Opening her eyes she looked up at the waiting moon, it
 called to her, begging for her company. She glanced around,
 spying the peak of the building's roof she pictured herself
 standing there. With the effortless speed of a thought she found
 herself perched on the roof looking out across the valley. 
	Her strength was beginning to return she realized. If she
 could conserve her energy in a few days she would have enough
 stored to replicate a duplicate gem. 
	She sat gazing out over the treetops, the silvery moonlight
 lent the view an other worldly appearance. Her thoughts turned to
 the gems; Yosho had them. She had seen them on the pommel of his
 sword. Should she try to get them back? Could she get them back? 
	Did she really want them back? She felt like a different
 person without them, true, but it was not an altogether pleasant
 feeling.
	She pulled the stopper on the bottle, raising it to her
 mouth she took a long pull on it. With a sigh she set the bottle
 in her lap, looking up at her silvery companion in the sky.
 	She asked herself the question she still had no answer for.
 Could she really live the rest of her life like this?

	The moon shown down on her, adrift on it's sea of stars, she
 eyed it wistfully. If her friend up there had the answers he was
 not sharing them.






                         (more to come)
	



     [I'd like to thank Richard Hall, Nik (who needs no last name)
 and John K. Wright for proofreading, giving me advise and helping
 me grammatically. Anything you find disagreeable with the writing
 or story can of course be attributed to them. (I'm kidding, 
 thanks guys!)]		

 

	
	          Questions? Comments? Angry rants? 

			 Contact: Ocristiii@aol.com

