I don't own Tenchi Muyo and I never will, so please bear 
with me. Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer
LDC and probably many others. Please don't sue me, because
I don't have many money. Everything the author wrote
is his/her property and therefore shouldn't be distributed
without his/her permission. Emperor Mena-Chi is mine and 
so is Dark Thunder, and several otheres. Please don't copy 
my ideas unless I agree.Anyways, since this is my first 
Tenchi Muyo fanfic, I felt the neccesity to blab a bit. 
So, here goes...


Princess Ryoko Jurai (A Tenchi and Ryoko Story)
by Real Name-Yaoli Pu, Pen Name-Asa Negaverse

Notes: This story takes place in the Tenchi Universe. How-
ever, just imagine that Ayeka's father is Azusa and is now
the king, k? Thanks! ^_^


Part One
    "Ryoko, come back here!" Ayeka Jurai shouted in her usual 
haughty manner. Grumbling very unprincesslike words, she went on 
a hunt for that "monster woman".
    "That Ryoko, always skipping her chores. Today's her day to do 
the laundry. I don't know how I can put up with her these days," 
Ayeka muttered to herself, as she started to dump the pile of dirty 
socks and such into the washer.
    Tenchi Masaki strolled home with his bookbag swung over his
shoulder. He smiled, inhaling the sweet air of spring. Almost on cue, 
a figure wrapped her body around him, pressing him close. Instantly,
a huge drop of sweat dripped down his head. He turned red, trying 
to get out of Ryoko's grip. Meanwhile...
    "YOU WHAT?!" Ayeka screamed, her hair raising.
    "Well...um..Ryoko did say she'd welcome Tenchi home from 
school..." Mihoshi said nervously as she flexed her fingers. Letting 
out a sharp yelp, Ayeka dashed for Ryoko.
********
    "Emperor Azusa, Emperor Mena-Chi from the planet of Callista has 
arrived," a messenger replied, bowing low.
    "Emperor Mena-Chi? What brings him here?" Azusa said, looking
sternly at his royal messenger.
    "He wants to talk about the issues of his niece," the royal
messenger informed. Waving his hand, Emperor Azusa excused him as he 
stood up to welcome his unexpected guest.
    "Emperor Mena-Chi," Azusa greeted his friend as they hugged.
    "I think you've held out long enough, Azusa," Mena-Chi began.
Azusa raised an eyebrow.
    "I think that you should tell Ryoko of her past. You are her 
father, after all," Mena-Chi continued. Azusa paled.
    "I don't wish to ever talk about it," Azusa retorted stubbornly.
    "It is her birthright to be the Queen of Jurai, as much as 
Ayeka had wanted to," Mean-Chi coaxed.
    "My empire was ashamed when Ryoko became a space pirate."
    "Does your Juraian people know of this lost heir?"
    "No matter... I can't let Ryoko take the throne. She is a most 
wanted criminal."
    "And why is that?"
    "Hmph."
    "She deserves an answer."
    "I suppose you're right. Will you be a friend and accompany me 
to see her?"
    "Of course, Azusa," Mena-Chi said as they aboarded the ship to 
Japan.
********
    "Please Ryoko..." Tenchi stuttered as Ryoko drew circles 
on his chest.
    "RYOKO! Get off Lord Tenchi this second you filthy slut!" 
Ayeka cried, pushing Ryoko away.
    "Lord Tenchi, are you alright?" She asked. Tenchi sighed with
relief.
    "Ayeka, stay away from my Tenchi..."
    "What do you mean 'your Tenchi'?"
    "You heard me. We were about to show our undying love to each
other, right Tenchi?"
    "Um..." Tenchi began. He squirmed as lightning seemed to come 
from the two girl's eyes. They engaged in kill/kill mode. Ayeka 
prepared her wooden "blocks" and Ryoko held out her light saber. 
But realizing a shadow casting over them, they stopped immediantly 
and gazed in awe at a large Juraian ship hovering over their house.
Two figures teleported down. One was Ayeka's father, who was kid-
napped by Kagato when he had pretended to be Lord Yosho. After 
Ayeka had escaped to Earth again, they found Emperor Azusa and 
he reclaimed his throne.
    "Emperor Mena-Chi, father!" Ayeka greeted, running to them.
Soon, the whole gang was there, even Washu.
    "What brings you here, father?" Ayeka inquired.
    "I'm here to aknowledge Ryoko, space pirate..." He started.
    "So you're here to take her to prison?" Ayeka asked innocently,
smirking. Ryoko growled, looking at the emperor.
    "No, my daughter. I'm here to tell First Princess of Jurai, 
who is Ryoko, that she's the heir to all of Jurai." Everyone 
blinked several times in disbelief, and face-faulted.
    
Part Two
    "What is the meaning of that, father? Surely you jest... 
I am the First Princess of Jurai and the heir," Ayeka growled. 
They were inside, siping tea. Ryoko gave a thoughful look.
    "Does that mean I can send Ayeka to exile?" She finally said 
with a playful grin. Ayeka turned red with fury. Azusa held out 
his hand, silencing both of them.
    "Ryoko, your mother was the First Princess of Callista. I 
fell in love with her when I was there to negotiate with them about
trading. we had you. Emperor Mena-Chi here is your mother's twin, the 
First Prince of Callista. I brought you home to Jurai since she was 
assasinated. Who did the killing, we still aren't sure. My mother
was very mad about this. I was suppose to marry Misaki, Ayeka's mother 
in a month. So, you were sent ot the Royal Jurai orphanage. She told me 
to tell you of your birthright when you're 17 years old. But, you broke 
out of the shelter when you were 15. By becoming a space pirate for the 
next 1,009 years, I was unable to contact you. You are, I shall repeat, 
the very First Princess of Jurai and therefore, the future queen." Ryoko 
sat there, stunned. Ayeka clentched her fist in anger. Tenchi looked 
surprised and so was the others.
    "Wow, daddy! Ryoko's my sister!" Sasame said in joy, eyes 
sparking. Azusa nodded. Ryoko scratched the back of her head, 
speechless.
    "So, little princess, I guess I'll have to take your throne now," 
Ryoko teased.
    "Why you dirty piece of trash! You demon! You..." Ayeka roared,
face twisted with anger. Azusa held out his hand again.
    "Also, as Princess of Jurai, Ryoko should visit Jurai with 
us. With an escort," Azusa said, eyes hard on Ryoko, who fidgeted.
Ayeka cringed as the truth sank in.
    "Ryoko, don't you dare..."
    "I'll take Tenchi," she said quickly, flashing a leer at the 
princess. Tenchi looked helplessly at the two women.
    "Ayeka, let her take Tenchi. He is, after all the descendent 
of mighty Yosho and is blessed by the Juraian Trees. With his 
help,the people of Jurai will except Ryoko in no time."  Ayeka 
blinked and backed down, bowing her head. Ryoko smirked, challenging 
the princess. 'Why that...' Ayeka though angrilly.
    "So...I am the Second Princess of Jurai?" Ayeka questioned
softly. Azusa stared apologically at his daughter and nodded. For
a moment, Ayeka though that this was all a dream, a nightmare.
But she knew it isn't. Tears drizzled down her cheeks. Shaking 
her head, she stormed out. Ryoko's smirk softed, instead, a look 
of concern was shown. She was going to go after her, but Azusa 
stopped her, shaking his head. Tenchi stared at Ryoko. He realized
just how beautiful she looked. Without her smirk, she seemed 
gental. Her golder orbs soft and bright. In fact, her skin 
glowed. A breeze stirred her soft cyan hair and caressed her skin.
    "Are you ready to leave?" Mena-Chi said, standing up.
    Ryoko hesaitated, but quickly pushed doubt away. She nodded, 
and looked at Tenchi, her soft, azure eyes pleading silently. 
Tenchi knew his answer, but he also doubted. At the look of her 
eyes, it was too much. Slowly, he nodded his head. Ryoko's fave
broke into a large smile. She gave him a bone-crushing hug. 
'Oh, no, what have I done?' Tenchi wondered as they approached 
the ship. Saying a final goodbye at the gang, they left.

Part Three
    "Tenchi, you didn't have to come with me..." Ryoko whispered 
softly. Tenchi was surprised at this side of Ryoko. He smiled.
    "I'm glad to be able to see Jurai again," he said. Ryoko 
smiled, looking throngh a window. she saw stars. It reminded 
her of the last time when she and Tenchi were together under 
the stars. That was the day when she messed with the time machine 
Washu haven't finished building. 'I'm never doing that again.' she 
thought, a faint smile on her lips.
    "I just love stars, like diamonds in a dark velvety blanket..."
Ryoko said, gazing at the endless jewels.
    "Ryoko..."
    "Yes?"
    "Why did you escape the orphanage?" Ryoko paused, shaken by Tenchi's
question. A silver tear appeared, followed by another. Soon, endless
streams of tears ran down her cheeks. Confused, Tenchi placed his 
hand her shoulder. Grabbing him, Ryoko buried her head on his chest 
and wept.
    "I don't want to talk about it..." She said, voice cracking. 
She mentally kicked herself for crying like a baby. She was a 
space pirate, a strong and agressive person. How can she protect 
Tenchi if she cries? Standing up, she walked silently away, her Juraian 
robes trailing behind her. It has been made of the finest Juraian 
Star Silk and Ryoko liked the cool feeling of it against her skin. 
When  they arrived, Azusa has kindly shown her a whole new wardrobe 
of many elegant Juraian gowns and other items, such as her jewelries. 
Boy does she love jewelry, although she rarely wears them. As the 
First Princess of Jurai, she was entitled to many fine privilages. 
But, besides from all these new luxuries, she worries for Ayeka. 
Sure, she admittes that the princess isn't her favorite person 
in the world, but she also doesn't hate her. In fact even though 
they have a grudge against each other, she would consider her a 
friend even, once Tenchi chooses her, of course. Sighing, she 
hopes that Ayeka would over grow her strong sense of pride and 
stubborness.
    She looked at herself in the mirror. She  seems... like a 
different person. Her dress reflected a person of proper manners 
and graceful disposition. Sighing, she removed her robe, her inner 
kimono and her inner shirt, letting them be a small puddle next 
to her. Opening her closet, she pulled out silk nightgown in a 
lavender tint. Then, deciding to lay off torturing Tenchi for the 
day, she wrapped a matching robe over her shoulders. And besides, 
this is a royal ship. Brushing her spikey hair for a while, she 
also grabbed a towel, preparing to relax in the ship's own floating 
onsen. And to hopefully convince Tenchi to join her. Stretching, 
she left and walked to Tenchi's room across from her's. Ryoko had 
intended to phase through the wall, but decided against it. Instead, 
she knocked.
    "Who is it?"
    "It is I, Tenchi. Could I come in?"
    "Of course, Ryoko... the door's open."
    Grinning, Ryoko opened it, facing Tenchi sitting on his bed. 
    "Tenchi..." She said coyly. Tenchi groaned, backing away from 
her.'Here goes...' he thought.
    "Would you like to take a bath?" She inquired, voice husky
and low, holding her towel. Tenchi shifted nervously, looking 
downward. Ryoko arched an eyebrow and floated next to him, drawing 
circles on his chest again.
    "Would it please you for me to wear a towel and a bathing 
suit?" She asked curiously. This was a different tatic to get Tenchi. 
She reasoned to herself that no matter what style she uses, as long 
as Tenchi spends more time with her, he'll realize excatly how they 
click together. But then again, she also wanted to soak and talk 
seriously to Tenchi at the same time. Still, she just can't help teasing 
him a little. 
    "You would do that, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, truely amazed. He has
never saw Ryoko naked before, and he don't ever plan to. Still, 
he looked into her cat-like eyes. There wasn't a hint of mischief 
in them. He nodded, picking up a towel as well... 
***********************************************************************
    "Ah, this is life..." Ryoko murmered, relaxing in the water.
Tenchi couldn't help but look at her. Inside, he cursed his boyish
hormones, which are going overdrive.
    Ryoko wore a soft yellow one-piece that accented her curves 
perfectly and wrapped her towel around her legs. Tenchi wore swimming
shorts and made sure to keep his distance. Stretching, Ryoko sank
into the water, sighing contently. She gave Tenchi a sly look out
of the corner of her eye and winks, causing him to be in an alluring
shade of scarlet. She giggled at his response.
    "Tenchi, I need to to talk to you..."
    "Yes, Ryoko?"
    "Well... I'm scared of becoming the future queen."
    "That's ridiculous. You're a natural leader."
    "Tenchi... I'm a space pirate. I don't know a thing about 
ruling. I'm afraid of the life ahead of me..." Ryoko said. Tenchi
could sense, below her whining and rough voice was a grain of terror.
He smiled soothingly at her, hoping to ease her anxiety.
    "I'll be with you all along the way, Ryoko. Until you are 
perfectly comfortable with being a queen, I'll be by your side, 
and so will the others. They will all help you."
    "Thank you..."
    "Um... Tenchi?" Ryoko said, deciding to tease a little.
    "Yes, Ryoko?" He said with caution. He didn't like the sound
of her voice.
    "Does that mean you'll dump Ayeka and stay with me to help
me be queen?" Ryoko asked, looking at Tenchi in her usual smirk.
Tenchi groaned, turning red, and collapsed into the water

Part Four
    "Hello Ryoko, good to see you," Mena-Chi said pleasantly. 
Ryoko looked at him and nodded. She smiled slightly, looking at 
her uncle. He looked like her, with the same angular face and high 
cheekbones. Although his eyes are pale jade, their cyan hair are 
a perfect match, spikes and all.
    "You look like me..."
    "Are you surprised, Ryoko? Your mother is almost like an 
identical twin to you, except with sea blue hair."
    "Tell me... uncle... what's my mother like?"
    "Well, she's very beautiful and is very kind. Still, she can
be a little devil at times and loves to laugh. I consider her my
best friend. Your mother was a playful one, but is willing to do
anything for the ones she love, even sacrificing her own life."
    "Gee...I wish I knew her."
    "I wish you knew her, too."
    "Uncle, when do we arrive Jurai?"
    "In 1-2 days... Three at the most. Why? Are you nervous?" 
Ryoko nodded slowly, her eyes filled with fear and uncertaintly. 
Mena-Chi laughed.
    "No need for worries, my little Ryoko. As far as I'm concerned,
when you saved Jurai, all of your crimes have been forgotten. And
the prople of Jurai consider you a hero."
    "Really? I found that hard to believe. Still, now I'm glad I 
never had looted on their territory. If will make a bad impression."
    "You will make a good queen."
    "How can you be so sure? I am a most wanted space pirated, after
all. You should fear me, and think I'm greedy, sluty, selfish, a
liar..."
    "Ryoko... listen to yourself. If you truly are a greedy, sluty,
selfish person, you wouldn't have admitted that. Any evil person
would accept the throne without doubt because all they can see
is the money and the luxuries. You care for the people of Jurai.
In all of your crimes, you have done nothing be steal. You even
risked capture to save some people. Which leads us to this question:
Why did you escape the orphanage?"
    "I don't want to talk about it," She grumbled, looking away.
    "Ohayo, Ryoko!" Tenchi greeted, smiling.
    "Ohayo, Tenchi! Did you sleep well?"
    "Yes, the quarters are truly luxurious. I could get used to 
sleeping in that soft bed for a while."
    "Aye, the Juraians are famouse for their large and spacious 
quarters and strong and powerful weapons. Sill, I think that
they still need to work on their speed... Ryo-oh-ki can easily
surpass them."
********
    Meanwhile, Ayeka lays in her room, still crying. Her face is
swollen and her eyes puffy. She is still actually in a state of
shock. 'No! I refuse to deny this... Ryoko, why must you hurt me
so? Why?' She screamed in her mind, her anger boiling. She hated
the demon space pirated... the filthy, slutty, arrogant bitch. More
tears came to her eyes. 'You have taken my throne and Tenchi! How
can one be so cruel?'
    'Do you love Tenchi?' A part of her mind asked. 'Yes, of course
I do... but do Tenchi love me?' She thought about Tenchi. How could
a mere mortal of some back water planet earn the attraction of a 
royal princess? But she do love him... her face burns and her heart
aches when she sees him. He was different from all the other princes
who see her as a way to gain more power. He was humble and kind, 
willing to do anything for the ones he love. Tenchi was an honest
man, and a gental one. Such men are hard to find in a world of
tangles of lies where everyone wants to be the first, the richest,
or the most powerful. Tenchi... Tenchi treats her like a real 
person, an equal. If she did something wrong, he would scold her,
not like some other men who would bow at her feet, hanging on to
her every word. She remembers his smile, the way he hands her
that roasted sweet potatoe ever so gentally. Tenchi is a considerate
man, who worries about the wellfare of other people's feelings.
'Does she love Tenchi?' Yes, she does. She love his every fiber of
being.
    'Does Tenchi love you?' Was a harder question. In truth, she
really don't know. But she was scared of the answer. Usually, he
would favor her, cringing each time Ryoko nears him. But, deep in
his heart, Ayeka knew that there was a special place for Ryoko.
She remembers the day she asked him to forget Ryoko, for she was
surely dead. He would ignore her, and whisper her name when he was
alone. He would ask of Ryoko, but no answer was given. She remembers
how he had turned down her offer of the throne with her, vowing to 
find the pirate. Finally, sick of all his pleadings, she had told
him, gentally, to forget her.
    "How can you be so cruel, Ayeka? She nearly died for us!" His
bitter voice rang in her head, over and over again. Of course, Tenchi
was easy to forgive and later apologized to her. Still, it was like
thorns, forever buried in her heart. Does Tenchi love her? She really
can't tell. Is is because she's ugly? She does admit that Ryoko is
one of the most beautifulest people she's ever met. The answer to the
question scares her. She already knew a long time ago, that Tenchi
would probably choose Ryoko. Ryoko... how she loath the name. 
    She stared at her reflection, and a sorrowful, puffy face stared
back.
    "Oh, Tenchi, was I too ugly for your taste?" She whispered, 
her throat ached. She cried once more, choking on a sob. Lost in the 
sea of emotions and hate for her rival, she fell asleep.
    "Samsami, is Ayeka still in there?" Kiyone asked worriedly. Sasami
sighed deeply, letting out a whimper. Kiyone frowned. She always knew
Ayeka can be a sensitive person, but... she gotta admit, this has gone
way too far. Ayeka is selfishly ignoring her sister, who's half worried
to death about her. Kiyone looked at the little girl, who's still 
crying. Many times, Sasami had tried to talk to her sister, but was 
rejected followed by strings of bitter curses. In fact, Ayeka dissed
everyone who nears her. Sasami, never seen her sister like this, took
it deeply. She had lost her cheerful smile and optimistic attitude.
'When are you coming out Ayeka? Before Sasami stayed this way permenatly?'
She thought angrily. Ayeka had been there for a little more that a
day now, and had shown no sighs of coming out. She sighed as well. 
Of course, seeing Ryoko as the future empress of Jurai is a little
far-fetched, but not entirely impossible, but after all that she's
done, Ryoko deserves it, in a way. Kiyone suspected it before, but
now she's certain. Something happened happene at that orphanage. 
She pondered for a while. And then, it came back! There was something 
about a rapist in the orphanage... what was his name? Oh yes, it was
Umino. Unfortunatly, the rapist escaped before the GPs ever arrested
him. 'Could Ryoko be a victim?' She questions, remembering the
case. Her brow furrowed. If so, she pitied Ryoko. It is sad to 
see her as a victim of child abuse. No wonder she paled every time
the word orphanage was brought up. Kiyone smiled, pressing her lips
to a grim line at the sheer irony of it.

Part Five
    "So, the little wenchi's becoming an empress. And to think she's 
going to be killed by the same hand that killed her mother and had
beaten her. how very amusing indeed. I shall get you again, Demon-
Caller. And let you suffer one last time," an evil voice laughed 
in the darkness...
    Ryoko was having that dream again, the dream that had her haunted 
her for years. She was walking down a very dark, yet familiar hall. 
She was now her younger self, in her orphanage nightgown. A figure 
approached her, giving her a chilling laugh and send ripples of fear 
within her. Reaching out, he tore her robe open. Yup, it was the same 
routine every single day. She cringed, trying to cover her naked body 
as he grabbed hold of her long thin neck and squeezed, lifting her off 
the floor.
    Yes, it was a dream of her younger years and the terrifying nights
when he came to her. From then on, Ryoko made sure that all of her 
friendly, kind and gental side were forever concealed. She never wanted
to be weak ever again. Instead, she became tough and wasn't scared of
anything. She was never the same, ever again after the orphanage. It
destroyed her, letting her loose a piece of her, her ability to laugh
and love. From then on, she choose the life of a space pirate, stealing
countless banks, leaving hundreds, if not thousands of people poor.
    Tenchi woke instantly at the sound of a terrified scream. Quickly,
he dashed to Ryoko's bedroom, and saw her twisting in her sleep. Sweat
dripping down her face as she gasped for breath.
    "No... Tenchi, save me... somebody please!" She screamed, sobbing
violently. Tenchi ran to her and held her in his arms. She continued
thrashing, moaning in pain. Then, she started to sob again, still
shaking.
    "Help me! Please, I beg you... Umino, stop! Umino, please, stop!
You're hurting me," she continued to mumble.
    "Ryoko, wake up! It's me, Tenchi. Ryoko? Ryoko, WAKE UP! RYOKO!!!"
Tenchi shouted, shaking her gentally. Slowly, she opened her eyes and
screamed...
    "Are you alright, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked in concern. Ryoko looked 
at the kind face of Tenchi and said nothing. She got up, and walked 
toward the window, staring at the stars. Tenchi walked beside her, 
looking at the beautiful girl. He wanted an answer,
    "Ryoko, what was that all about?" he asked quietly. Ryoko forwned,
turning away. She was about to leave Tenchi's side when he grabbed
her arm.
    "Ryoko, please?"
    "Tenchi, somethings are just meant to be forgotten."
    "It's the orphanage, isn't it?" Even in the darkness, Tenchi
could see the pain in Ryoko's eyes.
    "Tenchi, I'll tell you when I'm ready... Now, if you'll excuse
me, I'm going back to sleep." Tenchi nodded as he sat on a chair
beside Ryoko's bed, watching her sleep. She seems so innocent, her
beauty glows a soft light of it's own. For a whild, Tenchi looked 
at her, observing the rise and fall of her chest. Unfortunaly, Ryoko 
was not destined to have a good night sleep that day.
    "No, please stop, stooooooooooopppp!"
    "Ryoko WAKE UP!" Once again, Ryoko opened her tear filled eyes.
    "That's it, Ryoko! You're telling me your dreams."
    "Tenchiiiii..."
    "No! I can't stand you like this..."
    "Tenchi, I escaped the orphanage," Ryoko began as she wiped her 
tears away, "because I was hurt and beaten. He abused many of my 
friends. Especially me. Every other day, he would come to reopen my 
wounds." Ryoko cried some more before lifting her nightgown and guiding 
Tenchi's hand across her smooth stomach to a huge purple scar on her 
back. Tenchi gasped in surprise, running his hand over the uneveness 
of her skin.
    "Ryoko..."
    "Don't pity me, Tenchi..." Instinctly, Tenchi wrapped Ryoko in 
his arms, holding her for the rest of the night. Needlessly to say, 
her nightmares never reoccured.

Part Six
    "Tenchi?"
    "Yes?" Came a reply next to her. Ryoko blushed, standing up. She 
had always dreamed of how Tenchi would comfort her and hold her to 
sleep, but now, all of the sudden, it didn't seem like such a big
deal. She looked out the window and saw, for the first time, the 
warmth of sunlight. They were close to Jurai now, and see could see
Jurai's blazing sun above them. Smiling, she stretcher, looking at 
Jurai ahead of them. It was a beautiful green planet with rings of 
logs. It is amazing that one of the most mightiest planet in the 
universe could base it's forces on trees.
    "Tenchi, how beautiful Jurai is..."
    "Yeah, it's gorgeous."
    "Tenchi?"
    "Yes Ryoko?"
    "Thank you for everything..."
    "It's alright, Ryoko."
    "Tenchi, you can sleep in my bed any time you wish," Ryoko added 
seductively, laughing as she saw Tenchi turn scarlet. She really like 
to tease the poor boy, who she is deeply in love with. Tenchi smiled, 
deciding to let that comment drop.
    "Sure, Ryoko, I'd love to help you with your nightmares."
    "Tenchi, I'm sorry for the way I teases you."
    "Nonsense, Ryoko... you keep me guessing." Now it was Ryoko's 
turn to blush. She don't know who Tenchi manages to hate her flirting, 
but can so innocently make her heart swoon.
********
    "You want the throne, don't you Ayeka?" A dark voice asked, almost
gental. Ayeka, in her dreams, nodded, admitting her desires. All she
could see is a cloaked figure with glowing blue-violet eyes.
    "Then you will alow me to eliminate her?"
    Driven by a sudden surge of jealousy and rage, she found herself
nodding.
    "Give me your powers then, little Princess and you will get what
you wish," it said, voice sincere.
    'No!, don't!' A part of her head screamed, but Ayeka, as if in a
trance, grasped her headdress and handed it to the figure. It tilted 
it's head, as if smiling and glowed brightly. In a jolt, Ayeka felt 
great energy drained from her. Her back arched in pain. Exhausted, she
collapsed and drifted away from conciousness.
    "Ayeka? Wake up!" Sasami cried. Her older sister has been asleep
for two days now and is still unconcious. Washu typed madly with her
computer. Still, she couldn't figure out Ayeka's problem. It's as if 
all of her powers had died out, bearly maintaining Ayeka's life. Without
her Juraian energy, Ayeka will be like a regular Earthling of 700 years
old. Since an Earthling can't live that long, Ayeka will surely die.
Creating a clear shield around Ayeka, Washu managed to keep her stable
so far. But, she needed the Juraian energy and fast. But, only Tenchi
can do that, and he's on Jurai...
    "Now I have Ayeka's energy, all I need is Sasami's. With their
energy and my own, I'll be able to call forth the legendary ship
of Tsunami. Then, I'll be able to catch up with Azusa's puny ship
and strip Ryoko of her powers. When I'm done, I'll become invincible!"
the dark voice said as it entered the mind of Sasami. 'Yes, it'll
be an easy trick,' he thought with glee as an idea formed.
    "Sasami," Ayeka said in her dreams. Sasami smiled, reaching her
sister.
    "Listen to me, Sasami. You must give me your Juraian energy. You
must for me to live!" Ayeka said, grabbing Sasami harshly. The little
girl cried in her cold and painful grasp. Deciding force isn't going
to work, he (a.k.a. Ayeka) gave Sasami a gental smile.
    "Sasami, I love you... but I am dying. If you hand over your Juraian
energy, I'll come back to you." 
    "But Washu said never to give my Juraian energy away, or bad things
will happen." 'Damn that Washu... when I take Ryoko's power, I'll make
sure she dies a slow death!'He thought angrily.
    "But... Sasami, don't you want me to come back to you? Don't you
want me to live? I thought you loved me..."
    "I do..."
    "If you do, you won't let me die will you?"
    "If I give it to you, you'll awake from your sleep, right Ayeka?"
Sasami asked innocently. her sister smiled nodding. Sasami, tricked
by Ayeka nodded and her triangle mark started to glow. She screamed
in pain and felt all life disappear from her body.
    Washu, in her lab, was startled when an alarm rang through her
working area. She typed on her computer, monitoring Sasami and 
Ayeka. Her sleepy eyes snapped open and her mouth hung loose.
    "That's IMPOSSIBLE! Fist Ayeka, now Sasami?" Washu said in
alarm. Typing furiously, she analyzed her data and rushed to aid
the little girl...
  
Part Seven
    "We're under attack! Fire back!" Azusa commanded his ship. His
eyes widened when he saw his enemy.
    "Kami sama... Tsunami?!" Mena-Chi asked surprised. It was the
legendary ship of Tsunami, the tree goddess of Jurai.
    "We lost all control of weaponary engines. Estimated time of
recovery: 2 hours 24 minutes," a robotic voice rang from the ship.
Azusa rammed his fist against the control tabe in frustration.
Ryoko and Tenchi eyed the massive enemy ship with tension. Unknown 
to them, the evil cloaked figure was behind them. Reaching out with
one graceful fluid motion, it grabbed Ryoko and yanked her beside
it. Ryoko screamed in surprise.
    "What do you want?" Tenchi inquired, drawing his sword, Ryoko 
tried to use her energy against her captor, but failed.
    "Ju... Juraian energy... too stong... help me...don't let him
capture me... please..." Ryoko struggled weakly to speak as she
was coaxed into a deep sleep.
    "RYOKO!" Tenchi screamed, rushing to help her. But just as he 
neared her, she vanished in a burst of black fire.
    "RYOKO!" Tenchi cried one last time, tears falling down his
cheeks. <Tenchi...> A voice whispered.
    "Ryoko?"
    <Tenchi, don't come after me. I'm being prepared to be 
tortured as we sleep. The enemy wants something, I think it's 
my powers. I remeber him mention briefly that it will help
him bring darkness to the world. Don't worry, I won't let him do
it, I'd rather die. Go back and tell Ayeka to be the heir. She
can have the throne back. I want you to marry her and be happy.
Please don't risk your life for me. I'm not worth it.> She
said as her voice disappeared. 
    "No, damn it! Ryoko, I don't want to lose you..." he said, 
but Ryoko was already gone.
    "You love her, don't you?" Mena-Chi asked gentally. Tenchi
looked away, suddenly confused. Does he love Ryoko? He half
smiled, remembering her gental eyes and her beautiful smile. There
was a gentalness in her, a kindness that'll warm anyone's heart.
Yet she concealed it underneath her rough voice and harsh atitude,
almost as if she's scared of showing it. She's a brave person of 
strong will and heart, being glad to sacrifice anything for
her friends. He remembered the time when she almost bleed to 
death for them to end Kagato. How she survived is still a 
mystery... a story she's unwilling to tell.
    He remembered her zest for life and the way she glances at
him to make him scarlet. And the time when he spent beside her,
comforting her tears.
    But then, there's Ayeka. A snotty person at times, but a 
good one. She lived her life in luxury, but cared for everyone,
well, almost everyone. She has a sensitive and caring soul, 
unless Ryoko was there to glomp on him, which is one of the few
things that drives her crazy. But Ayeka lived a life different
that his. Ayeka lived with servants at her heels and traditions
he don't understand. She mingles with royals while he talks to
the common. He is a simple person, wanting a simple life...
with... Ryoko. 'Ryoko, where are you?' He remembers the time
when they were star gazing on the roof and she told him she'll
always be in his heart. For the first time, he realized where
his heart is, who he means to protect. He saw through the veil
she had covered herself with, scared to show her tender side.
He loves Ryoko, a brash person, yet not a selfish one. She did 
told him to be happy and alive with Ayeka, haven't she? She had
be willing to be tortured to death, than having him die.
    Tenchi looked at Mena-Chi and smiled sadly. "Yes, I love her.
I am ashamed for not seeing it for such a long time. I'm going to
rescue her." Mena-Chi smiled and nodded. 
    "Earth to Tenchi..." A nasal voice cracked over the transmission
screen. A familiar red-head appeared, lines of worry on her face.
    "What is it, Little Washu?"
    "Bad. Ayeka and Sasami are both dying. Juraian enery keeps 
them alive and something robbed them of it."
    "How are they, Washu?"
    "Bearly alive. He happens in their dreams... somehow, the 
enemy tricks them into giving him their energy. I just did a memory 
scan on both of them. He appears that the enemy is a cloaked 
figure with blue eyes. He first promises Ayeka her throne and 
the elimination of Ryoko and then, posing as Ayeka, drained 
Sasami. Mihoshi and Kiyone are now searching the galaxy police 
files for previous criminals. Beware, Tenchi... I have studied 
when I was young that if the two princesses of Jurai's energy 
plus another force could very possibly be able to summon Tsunami, 
the most powerful ship of Jurai."
    "Oh, no..."
    "What is it, Tenhi?"
    "We have just been attacked by Tsunami and Ryoko have been 
captured."
    "WHAT?" Washu yelled in surprise. Suddenly, Kiyone's face 
appeared beside Washu's.
    "I've got it! Criminal Class Type A1 Umino Drieaner of the
Atatta Base Sector 374 A, at least that's one of his names...
birthday unknown, blood type unknown, species unknown, gender
unknown, but is in it's male form for the present. Special
power... draining energy and stratedy. Don't go after criminal
unless in contact with headquarters. Extremly dangerous and
powerful, attacking best through dreams. Wanted for murder,
assualt, burglary, rape, child abuse, destruction of several
planets, world domination..." Kiyone read as the list went on
and on.
    "So, in conclustion, this guy's dangerous. Don't go near him!"
Washu warned.
    "But Washu, how are we going to get Ryoko, Ayeka and Sasami
back?" Washu frowned, thinking for a solution.
    "I have to beat him, don't I?" Tenchi asked. Washu looked
at him, seeing the determination in his eyes. She nodded
slowly.
    "Wait, let me send you a special hand cuff that will
hopefully tell you wether the things around you are either real
or an illusion once you enter Tsunami for illusions are the
enemy's specialty." Immediantly after Washu spoke, a golden
cuff appeared. Tenchi reached it, and snapped it on, studying
it's intricated carvings.
    "Now, a protal will appear in front of you directing you 
to Tsunami. Good luck, Tenchi." Washu instructed as she started
to cry. She knew that Tenchi's chances of living are bleak. 
But, she also knew that Tenchi is the only one who might 
have a vhance against the villian.
    "Washu..."
    "Tenchi, just go!" Shrugging, Tenchi entered the portal.
'Ryoko, where ever you are, I'm coming!'

Part Eight
    Ryoko started at the dark surrondings. She knew that she
was inside a ship. Shivering against the coldness, she 
struggled against her bonds. A man appeared in front of
her. He had white, almost silvish hair and blue eyes. Grinning
evily, he caressed her soft cheek. She thrashed, struggling
against the rough ropes that held her.
    "Ryoko, do you know why I am imprisoning you?" Ryoko looked
at Umino, shaking her head.
    "Every 30,000 years, the first female of Callista will have
great powers. My true name is Drek de Thunder. I rise from the
dead every 30,000 years. Each time the female is born, I shall 
rise and go after her power. She, of course, will try to kill me
until the next female is born. Little Ryoko, you are the chosen 
female. I killed your mother when she protested against me taking
you. While being your guardian, I enjoyed toying with you. Now, 
Ryoko, give me your energy and you won't get hurt..." he said.
Ryoko knew that unless she willingly offered him the energy, he
won't get it.
    "You have Juraian energy..." She stalled. He smiled ever so 
slightly.
    "Of course... I drained Ayeka and Sasami. You should have 
killed me when I was just resurected, not a few hundred years 
later. Now, I am strong from draining so many people. Now, it 
is almost impossible for you to seal me. Submit to me!" The 
madman screamed, grabbing her neck. Ryoko winced in the abuse. 
Her lungs burned ahd she's starting to see dots in her vison.
    "No! I will never let you destroy the world! Never!" She 
screamed. Ryoko, deep down, was scared. But she knew that if 
she allow him to get her energy, the universe will be destroyed.
    "Very will, then... I hope you have a high pain tolerance," 
he said almost sadly as he held out a long whip. Dark electricity
cracked ominously around it. Then, he striked, giveing Ryoko a 
nasty red mark on her back. Ryoko arched her back, screaming in
pain. Her back felt like fire. A small tear appeared on the corners
of her eye as she cried for her Tenchi.
********
    Tenchi walked down the dark hall, his sword ready. He cringed
when he heard a blood curling scream. 'Ryoko!' He mentally
shouted, running fast in that direction...

Part Nine
    Tenchi opened a door that's at the end of the hallway. He saw
a field of flowers. Breathing in the calm air, he continued his
way. A woman appeared in front of him, her icy moss green hair
blowing in the wind.
    "How do you do?" She asked.
    "Fine, thank you..." Tenchi said quietly as he went on his 
way.
    "Would you please stay and talk?" The woman asked, catching 
up to him. Tenchi shook his head, continuing walking to the door 
he saw ahead of the field. The woman grabbed his arms, stopping 
him. She narrowed her eyes, asking the question again. Tenchi 
shock his head once more, prying away from her hands. He ran, 
running closer to the door. The woman rang after him, calling him. 
Opening the door, he disappeared. Tenchi sighed in relief, but he 
knew that that room was his easiest test. He looked and saw fire 
before him, a wall of flames ragging. Squinting his eyes, he could 
bearly make out the outline of a door. Sweat dripped from his brow. 
He struggles to breath as the smoke engulfed him. His cuff glowed, 
warning him that it's only an illusion, but it seems real enough 
and hot enough for him. Taking a deep breath, but ended up choking 
more smoke, he entered the wall. Every cell of his body screamed 
as the fire wrapped itself around him. He groaned in pain as he 
kept going. He was now numb with pain, and lost control of his limbs. 
Another burst of flame wrapped itself around his chest. Tenchi screamed 
in pain, like sharp needles pierce his body. He walked, feet unsteady 
from all the pain and opened the door...
    Now he was in another room, a dark dungeon. Tenchi examined his
clothes. His muscles still ached in pain, but eveything seemed fine.
Focusing his vision to get used to the darkness, he saw a familiar
figure before him. His cuff glowed again, but he argued that she
seems too real. There was Ryoko, smiling at him. 
    "Tenchi...DIE!" She shouted as she charged at him. Taken by 
surprise, he recieved a large jagged cut on his chest. Tenchi doubled 
in pain as she kicked him. Finally aware that this was an illusion. 
He drew his sword, and slashed. Ryoko whimpered in surprise as the 
blade sliced through her. She chocked on her own blood and died. Tenchi 
stepped back in disbelif as he looked at his hands, drenched in Ryoko's 
blood. 'It's just an illusion...' he repeated, walking to the next 
room. He heard a scream again, and ran into that direction...
********
    "You've had enough?" The enemy asked as he flashed the whip again.
Her raw back is now bleeding from the abuse. He licked his dry lips, 
using his tongue to savor the sweet taste of her blood. Yes, he was 
enjoying this. Laughing, he slashed Ryoko's back once more.
    'Tenchi... where are you?' Ryoko asked, shutting her eyes. Her
throat is now hoarse from the screaming and the pain is overwhelming.
She started to cry, the pain's so intense that she was now almost 
on the verge of unconciousness. 
    "Submit your strength!" He demanded. Stubbornly, Ryoko shook 
her head. The man shrugged, tearing her clothes. Grabing his whip, 
he grinned, slashing the soft, more sensitive skin of her stomach. 
    "Do you submit?" He asked again. Gathering her strength, she 
shouted her usual answer. He frowned, and decided on a different
tactic. Leaving, he decided to torture her of the mind. 'Yes. that
will make her submit.'
    Ryoko walked in the darkness. Tenchi appeared before her. Laughing,
she ran to him. Instead, he shoved her away roughly, and slapped 
her. Ryoko cried, looking at him.
    "I hate you Ryoko. When will you stop glomping and bothering me?
You know I love Ayeka. You are just like she said you are, a worthless
slut!" He shouted. Ayeka appeared beside him, kissing him affectionatly.
She looked cruely at Ryoko and laughed a high pitch laugh, her eyes
pirecing through Ryoko.
    "I have won. I always have, and I always will." She declared, as 
Tenchi grabbed her close and kissed her, this time in passion. Ryoko
cried, curling herself into a ball.
    They faded away and she saw all of her friends, hung and impaled, 
nothing but a bloody mess. Tenchi's eyesocket was both removed, and
blood was everywhere.
    "Why, Ryoko, why?" He asked before collapsing.
    Then, she saw herself screaming in pain as she was beaten for the
first time. 
    "Stop this, please, stop this?"
    "If you submit..." A voice said. For a while, Ryoko had been considering
doing so. She couldn't stand the pain anymore. But she thought of Tenchi
and shock her head. Standing up, she braced herself for the images of 
Ayeka and Tenchi to come. She knew that she doesn't deserve Tenchi. 
Ayeka, rich, beautiful and intelligent, also powerful. She just couldn't 
stand on the same level as her. She realized that Tenchi will never love 
her, ever. Who would love a most wanted criminal anyways? Crying, she 
remembers his warm smile. 'I'll never have you, ever...'she concluded, 
as all of her hopes sank.

Part Ten
    "Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted. He had passed all of the 12 rooms already
and survived. But now, he was bloody, tired, and torn. A burst of
andreline rushed through his body as he saw his beloved in a trance-
like stage, crying and shouting in pain. His eyes traveled to her 
body, bloody, and cut. There was bruises all over her, and dried blood
caking her skin. 
    "You! You silly mortal... you're the one that the first female
of Callista loves? Pathetic!" The enemy, Drek cried sneering. Wiping
blood from his lips, Tenchi ran to Ryoko. Using his sword, he slashed
away the bonds. Ryoko fell, freed from the mind spell, and drifted away
to a forced sleep. Tenchi cried when he saw her, how much hurting did
she endure, just for them? He growled in anger at Drek and punched 
him. Drek smiled in amusement and ran away with ease. Tenchi, and Drek
battled. He could feel himself faltering. His body ached,and struggles
at each block. But then, he would remind himself of Ryoko, the woman he
loves and continued. But he was too weak, too tired. Missing a step,
he found himself to be pinned on the ground by Drek, a big black energy
aiming for him. But, something pushed him away. He looked beside him to
see Ryoko, her body charred and her lush cyan hair in ashes. He tenderly
kissed her, cradling her in his arms. Tears fell as he moarned for his
dead lover.
    "Why, why must you be so stupid, Ryoko?" He screamed, crying. Looking
at Ryoko. Kissing her cold lips again, he charged, calling opon his blessed
Juraian power. Three blades appeared before him. It was the legendary Light
Hawk Wings, another one of Tsunami's possesions.
    Grabbing two of them, he transformed to his usual Juraian armor (please
see OVA episode 6) and the third formed a sword.
    "That's impossible! The sword of Tsunami!" Drek said as Tenchi sliced it
into him. Screaming in pain, he disappears in a pile of ashes.
    Tenchi ran to Ryoko, wrapping her protectively around his arms. He 
sobbed, looking at her pale face. Pressing a button on his cuff, he and 
Ryoko disappeared.

Part Eleven
    "Ryoko," Tenchi murmered, holding Ryoko's soft and warm hand between
his own. It has been five weeks since the incident and Ayeka and Sasami
have been healed. Tenchi confronted Ayeka and surprisingly, she nodded
her understandment of Tenchi choosing Ryoko. Of course, she cried and
was gloomy for days, for she will always love him, but now, she is back
to her haughty self. She also apologized repeatedly to Sasami for being
cruel, which Sasami was more than glad to forgive. Afterwards, Washu
immediatly tries to bring Ryoko back, after losing her a few times, the 
scientist accomplished her goals. Washu also healed her wounds, and gave 
her some medicine that eliminated any scarring, not that Tenchi cares. She 
is the greatest scientific genius after all. Of course, Washu did give herself 
to much credict, but Tenchi was too happy to be annoyed. He had stayed by her 
side every day, as she slept.
    "Tenchi?" She said, opening her eyes for the first time after she 
was resurrected.
    "Ryoko?"
    "Tenchi, I had the most beautiful dream. We were together under
the stars, and you told me that you loved me..." Realizing that it will
never happen, she looked down sadly, tears coming out of her eyes.
    "Ryoko, why are you crying?" He asked.
    "Because it will never happen. Tenchi, I know that you love Ayeka."
    "Ryoko... I want to confess to you something..."
    "What is it?"
    "Ryoko, I love you... "
    "But you really do?" Ryoko said in disbelif. Tenchi nodded, caressing
her face.
    "I know this is sorta sudden, but since I almost lost you, will... will 
you marry me?" Tenchi asked nervously, holding a ring. Ryoko, blinked in 
surprise, tears of joy running down her cheeks.
    "Tenchi... yes... of course I'll marry you!" Ryoko declared, as 
Tenchi inched forward, kissing her deeply.

Epilogue
    "Do you take Tenchi Masaki as your husband, to love him until you die?"
The priest asked. They were on Jurai a few months after the proposel. 
Ryoko went back to Jurai afterwards to claim her throne since Azusa 
resighed. Ayeka and Sasami were named governers of the two major "countries"
of Jurai. Ayeka, though her love for Tenchi remains, wishes them well.
    "I do."
    "Do you take Ryoko Jurai as your wife, to love her until you die?"
    "I do."
    "If anyone who objects to this couple's marriage, please say so... 
then I announce you husband and wife, emperor and emperess of Jurai... 
you may kiss the bride." The crowd cheered as Tenchi and Ryoko kissed 
passionatly. 
********
    "Ryoko..." Tenchi said, looking at the stars. For their honeymoon,
Tenchi and Ryoko decided to spend their days on Earth, their favorite 
planet.
    "The stars are beautiful, Tenchi..." Ryoko whispered, patting her 
already slighty swollen stomach. 
    "Yeah, did I mention that they are nothing compared to you?" Ryoko 
flushed, cuddling closer to her new husband. In the depths of the night,
they kissed, engulfed in their love...
********
Thank you sooo much  for taking time to read this! : ) I really like comments
so email me at sailoryaoli@hotmail.com. Thanks again! But go easy on the
flames, this is my first time ^_^ Please, I beg you, go to www.gurlpages.com/crystalscout.com
for my site. I know, I know, it sucks, but pleassssseeeee??? Anyways, now I wonder
if I'll do a sequel. Well, it depends. So, if I received enough mail saying: I want a sequel!
I'll consider it. And please, never let my mailbox go lonely!