Of Probabilities and Programs
Chapter Two: No Need for Battle!

    The shuttle landed in the forest clearing, its cloak rippling and giving
off a rainbow of colors before becoming the stable.  The roar of the engines
faded away and the clearing seemed empty of both motion and sound right
before the hatch opened with a hiss.  Out came Bee Dee.
    A human, using the somewhat limited spectrum of visible light, would see
a pretty Japanese girl, slim, with long jet-black hair and brown eyes.  Her
uniform, while a tad tight in some areas, was more than acceptable for most
public appearances.  True, her expression was somewhat too calm for a young
teenage girl, but it could be she was somewhat mature for her age.
    Bee walked down the invisible ramp to the planet's surface, her optical
system already cycling through the spectrum.  The lenses behind her eyes
changed from visible light, to infrared radiation, to microwaves and back
again. The wafer thin nano-circuitry sandwiched within the CPU inside her
left shoulder was already trying to collect as much data as it could, even
while she started walking up the slope, towards her target.  On the other
side of the wooded hill would be the lake and the Masaki household and
shrine.
    The walk would be an easy one for Bee Dee because she was not a
schoolgirl but a battle droid.  Her bones and armor made from polymers and
silicones, her muscles made from synthetic 'smart' fibers and
micro-filaments
which linked her many systems to her power cell.  As if that was not enough,
she was also in touch with Rift's ship, using its own computers and power to
add to her own.
    Even as Bee Dee moved through the forest she was careful not to use her
right arm to push or shove aside the branches and underbrush.  It housed a
very special weapon and even while well protected, one could not be too
careful, not even a robotic war machine with no fear.

    Washu blinked as the computer beeped.  Even before she could react it
renewed the screen, showing a local map of the Earth-Moon orbit.  Washu
leaned forward and whistled.  "Looks like a data and power link between
something in orbit and something..."    Washu frowned and typed into the
keyboard of her ethereal laptop.  "Three miles away?"
    Washu rubbed her chin.  "I still can't get a reading from whatever it is
and I should be able to pinpoint it with a power output that high."  '
Whatever it is, it has to be what set off the alarm earlier.  I don't like
this.  Its not normal.  Of course, nothing around here is EVER normal.'
    Washu and stood up, slipping off her floating cushion.  "Might have to
check it out myself. Whatever it is in space on that end of the link, the
other end is getting closer."

    Ryoko stood up and wiped the sweat off her forehead.  She looked over
the
carrot field she was working on and realized she still had a few hours to go
before quitting time and dinner.  Princess Ayeka worked beside her, stilling
using the hoe to work on the soil.  'Boy', thought Ryoko, 'this stinks.
Even
during work we can't be near anybody else.  They made a schedule and
everything!  We WOULD have to work Sundays.'
    Ayeka did not point out that Ryoko had stopped working.  The Princess
had
to admit to herself that the other woman had been pulling her share and than
some over the past few days, and did not wish to start a fight over a few
minutes of well needed rest.  Frankly, she might need it herself later.

    Tenchi looked blankly at his Grandfather and than at the two floating
Guardians.  "They'll be doing what?"
    Katsuhito smiled and nodded towards Azaka and Kamidake, "They will be
teaching you history, starting today."
    Tenchi licked his lips and said, "But I thought I was going to have
sword
practice today?  I don't see what Jurai history have to do with my lessons
for becoming a Shinto Priest?"
    Katsuhito cleared his throat and Tenchi sighed to himself, 'Lecture
time.'
    "As you have said, you are training to be a priest of the shrine, to
serve it and protect.  You feel that Jurai history will not add to your
skills, but you are wrong."  Katsuhito paused, as if selecting just the
right
words.  "As a priest you must do more than pray or purify.  You must
understand people, for they will come to you for help.  You must learn the
matters of money and politics.  You also ARE a prince of Jurai and our house
has many enemies, as you well know.  Even the ancient samurai of Japan
learned how to make tea and how to write poetry.  A priest must learn the
importance of balance between the soul and the rest of the man.  Do you
understand?"
    Tenchi nodded, "I think so.  By learning of the history of both planets,
of both my homes, I can better prepare myself and also better help others."
    Katsuhito smiled, "But it is not just that.  You should also take some
time to learn what it is to be young, so when you are older you can help
those young ones who come for your guidance."
    Tenchi frowned, "Huh?"
    Katsuhito smacked the table with his left palm.  "GIRLS!"
    "Oh."

    Tenchi slid the door shut behind him and listened to the voices drifting
in from the kitchen.  Sasami and Mihoshi were working on lunch which he had
been able to smell from outside.  Whatever it was had a nice scent and he
was
sure that, with Princess Sasami's skills, it would taste even better.
Sundays were always so relaxing and slow.
    'Never thought Grandpa would ever demand that I take time out of my
training to be with the girls.  I guess it makes sense.  A priest has to
help
people with problems and if he has no experience how can he really know how
to help?'  Tenchi placed his bag on the floor, next to the door.  'Still, I
would think that it was the job of the shrine's kami.'
    Tenchi suddenly stood up straight and said to himself, "Now there's a
thought.  If Ryoko is no longer in the Masaki Shrine, is there some other
kami that live in it now, or is it empty?"  Tenchi remembered the sacred
rope
within the shrine.  'It was around that big rock that blocked my only way
out
after I broke the blade of the sword.  I wonder if that means...I'll ask
Grandpa later.'
    Tenchi stepped into the kitchen and smiled, "Hello.  MMM...that smells
good, what is it?"
    Princess Sasami looked up and smiled, "Oh, we're just having some
stir-fried beef with noodles.  Mihoshi was nice enough to help get some plum
wine too."
    Mihoshi smiled up at Tenchi, from where she was kneeling on the floor,
playing with Ryo-Ohki.  "Hi Tenchi!  I went into town.  Do you know they
have
a sale on shirts!  20% off!  Can we go tomorrow, after you come back from
school?  I think the sale ends Tuesday.  They had some lovely silk scarfs
too
and some nice slacks."
    "Sure," said Tenchi, for the first time noticing how well Mihoshi's tan
went with the rest of her features, "I can meet you outside my school if you
want.  That way we can walk over to the shops and have lots of time for you
to try out stuff before they close.  The public buses run till almost
midnight anyway."  'How did she get a tan in SPACE?'
     Princess Sasami looked up and asked, "Can I come too?"
    "Sure."  Tenchi smiled and leaned against the wall, "It will be fun.
Why
don't you pack something so we can have a picnic in one of the small parks?
I don't think they can toss us out for bringing our own food if we are
shopping at the stores.  Kurashiki has some nice museums also."  'Tanning
booth?'
    As both girls cheered, Tenchi thought, 'Funny, I don't think I ever went
shopping with any of the girls before.  True, with Ryoko or Ayeka it would
have ended up with us being kicked out of the stores and being chased by a
crowd armed with pitchforks and torches.'  He chuckled himself.  'The worse
Mihoshi might do is damage a new dress or accidentally forget to shut the
door to her changing room.'
    Tenchi blushed and looked over at Mihoshi. 'Hey, keep the thoughts clean
or you'll end up with a nose bleed.  Which reminds me, I HAVE to see a
doctor
about that.'

    Nobuyuki Masaki was soaking in the hot water, as the onsen gently
floated
high above the lake.  He was feeling very relaxed. Last night drinking sake
with his father-in-law and today just spending time with himself. Nothing
could go wrong, nothing.
    "Hello Mr. Masaki," said Washu's voice right over his head.
    "AAAHH!"  Nobuyuki almost jumped out of the water, but realized his
mistake just in time and sat back down, splashing Washu and the surrounding
trees.  "What the hell are you doing here?"
    "Oh don't mind me," said Washu as she started to type into an instrument
panel hidden behind one of the bushes.  "I'm just reprogramming the onsen to
home in on and follow the receiving end of an energy link.  I think its
getting very near, so it should be easy to track."
    Nobuyuki just stared at her, trying to unpack what she had just said.  '
Maybe this is not going to be the relaxing day I had hoped for.'  "Energy
link?"
    Washu nodded, "Yep."
    Suddenly the floating onsen started to change direction.
    "YES! I am so smart!"

    Ryoko frowned and looked up from her work.  "Hey, Princess, we got
company."
    Princess glanced up and noticed the schoolgirl step out of the forest
and
start to walk towards them.  "What is she doing way out here?  Do you think
she is a friend from Tenchi's school?"
    "Maybe," said Ryoko as she leaned on her hoe and tilted her head in
thought, "but why is she in her school uniform?"
    "Hello," greeted Ayeka, while a slight bow, "are you lost?"
    The girl stopped, arms held at her sides and seemed to stare at then for
a few moments.

Analyzing data - Search memory for face imprints:
Subjects found within memory:
ID: Ryoko.  Power source: Gems of unknown property.  Offspring of Washu.
ID: Princess Ayeka of the Jurai Royal Family.  Power source: Jurai's Trees.
Unimportant to mission.
Responses:
    No.
    Yes.
    Maybe.
    Do you know the way to the nearest restroom? I have to pee.

    "Yes," said the girl, her voice strangely smoothing.  Ryoko could not
help but wonder if the girl was planning on becoming a singer or maybe a
radio DJ.  'Too bad she seems as smart as a brick.'
    "Oh," said Ayeka, "well, are you looking for somebody?"

    Bee Dee was about to reply when a message from the ship popped into her
CPU.
    <New plan.  Kidnap Ryoko.  Her DNA might hold the key to understanding
Washu and why Lady Tokimi wishes to take her alive.>
    Bee activated the particle stunner in her right arm and smiled, "Yes,
you."

    Ayeka and Ryoko gasped, as the fingers on the girl's right hand seemed
to
snap backwards against the forearm, leaving behind a small gun port where
the
palm use to be.  Than there was a flash of light.
    As the light faded Bee Dee picked up Ryoko's unconscious body and,
carrying it on her left shoulder, started the short track back to her
shuttle.  Princess Ayeka lay on the ground, perfectly still, the hoe still
in
one hand.

    Washu hit the instrument panel of the floating onsen in defeat.  "Damn
safety codes won't allow the onsen to go beyond the edge of the lake EVEN
after I shut off the drainage systems."
    Nobuyuki glanced down at the rising water level from the rock he was
sitting on.  "So, it was all for nothing?"
    Washu sighed and looked down at water which was up to her knees.  She
snapped her fingers and the holocomputer appeared before her. "No, I'll just
have to redesign the whole thing."  She started to type onto the shadowy
keyboard, but suddenly the screen was flashing, a new window appearing over
her work.  "What?"
    "What is what?" asked Nobuyuki, as he tried to calm himself by thinking
happy thoughts.
    "Somebody just used a particle stunner...oh my God, where's Ryoko?"
Washu seemed to turn pale, "I can't feel her anymore!"


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters was made and is owned by AIC and
Pioneer.
 I have nothing to do with them, I don't even know where they live.  Rift
and
other characters in the story are made and operated by me.  Don't sue me.
Bee Dee is available for office parties and birthdays.
