Of Probabilities and Programs
Chapter One: Enter the Rift.

    The work shed was well lite, with two lamps which did a decent job at
beating back the darkness of the night.  The remains of a dinner, two plates
with some rice, a couple of tea cups and a jug of sake was on the floor next
to the two small bedrolls.  Two women sat close, one gently trying to brush
out the other's hair.
    "Ouch.  Ryoko, you're tugging too hard."
    Ryoko sighed and tried to slow her brush strokes.  "Sorry Princess, but
I
was never trained as a maid.  Just don't jerk about so much...please."
    Princess Ayeka almost nodded, but stopped herself in time and said, "I
know.  I'm just tired.  Even a long soak in the onsen has done nothing for
my
nerves."  She played with a strand of her hair and asked, "Lady Ryoko, if
you
want I could do your hair afterwards.  Not that it needs it, but if you
wanted."
    Ryoko became still for a few seconds and than replied, "You know, that
sounds nice.  Thanks, I'll take you up on the offer."
    Ayeka smiled and said, "I always had my sister to help me.  I never
noticed how relaxing it felt till last week when we moved out."  'Oh, those
first few days had been very bad.  I wanted to blame you for everything.
The
smell of oil and fish in the shed, the way the lamps barely gave enough
light
till we learned to adjust them and even how the potatoes we tried to cook in
the ashes were either too raw or too hot..'
    Ryoko chuckled and started to braid Princess Ayeka's hair, "Now if we
could just add a few more rooms and a kitchen to this dump we might feel at
home."
    Ryoko focused on the Princess's hair.  'Amazing, it only took us a week
to start acting civil.  Of course, Tenchi is not around to make us jealous.
And the meals of rice, fish, rice, potatoes and, oh yes, more rice is
starting to drive us insane.  Or sane?  Never enough wine too.  I hate being
sober.'
    Princess Ayeka allowed herself to close her eyes and try to pretend she
was back at the house, but no matter how she tried it didn't work.  'Most
likely because I can tell Ryoko is working on my hair, not Sasami.  Well, at
least Ryoko is wearing normal kimonos instead of going around half naked.
True, Tenchi is not around, so there is no reason for her to show off her
body.  And we don't seem to be as tense as before.'
    Ryoko finished one braid and started to work on another.  'This is going
to fail.  Oh, we'll get along for the next eleven weeks or so, but once
Tenchi is back between us...'
    Princess Ayeka smiled and said, "It was nice of Mihoshi to visit today
and bring us some plum sauce for the rice.  Maybe next time somebody visits
we could ask for some books."
    "Or a radio," suggested Ryoko as she tilted her head, trying to untie
one
of her fingers she had gotten caught in Princess's hair.

    Just beyond the orbit of the moon, in its very shadow, was a ship.  It
was a simple looking ship, a small sphere of gray and black, not very
impressive.  Few weapons, a standard faster than light engine and antimatter
power plants.
    The thing that was impressive about the ship was its sensors and
computer
systems.  90% of its surface was nothing but data collectors, radar disks,
heat probes, mass detectors and systems so advanced that they did not even
have names yet.  Within this ship, this web of metal, glass and energy, was
a
control bridge.
    It did not look like a control bridge.  There were no chairs or screens
or even furry dice.  It was no bigger than a footlocker.  But inside it was
the Rift.  THE RIFT.  A computer made of molecular pathways in liquid
crystal, a computer designed to think and act and investigate.  A computer
assisted and aided by other computers, who while powerful and fast, did not
have the spark that the Rift had.  For its designers had given it a sense of
curiosity.
    That curiosity was why it was now here.  The need to know answers
bubbled
within it.  It needed to know, not just for its owners but for itself.  It
had come to solve the greatest mystery in the known universe.
    Miss Washu.

    Katsuhito and Nobuyuki were enjoying warm sake outside the house,
quietly
chatting by the lake, while Tenchi and Mihoshi played chess on the dining
room table.  Princess Sasami, a sleeping Ryo-Ohki in her lap, sat and
watched
the chess game.  Tenchi won all of them, but Mihoshi never gave up and was
always willing to try again.
    'Lord Tenchi and Mihoshi really do get along,' thought Sasami, as Tenchi
made a move with one of his pawns.  'Everybody thinks Mihoshi is so stupid,
but she really isn't.  She just has a short attention span.  Why, she's
great
help in the kitchen and she is always helping grandfather at the shrine.'
Sasami stroked the snoring cabbit's tummy.  'Without Ryoko and Ayeka around
to upset her and yell at her, well, she really has had a chance to shine.
She always finishes what she starts, she just has a habit of doing it her
way.'
    Sasami smiled, as Mihoshi lost again.

    Washu was typing into her shadow keyboard, checking on something she had
noticed a few hours ago.  A blip on her computer's map of local space.  It
had only lasted for a tiny span of time, a sliver of time so tiny a few
million of them could have fit within a second.  But it was just that kind
of
event, that kind of mystery that drove the smartest creature in the known
and
unknown universe.
    She was surrounded by water tanks full of alien creatures and power
sources from distant galaxies.  Yet she ignored them and typed away,
checking
and rechecking the data.  Again and again she ran the holocomputers through
the information, trying to force them to give up something more, just
another
droplet of knowledge.  A vapor trail or energy field or an outline of a
ship.
    Something HAD been out there, something not fast nor powerful but smart
enough to approach the Earth ALMOST unseen.  It had been only exposed itself
once during its arrive into the solar system. 'It looks like in this case,
almost unseen might be good enough,' thought Washu to herself as she typed
in
the same series of commands again.  'There is just NOT enough of an energy
pattern to even guess.'
    Washu leaned back in her chair to stretch her back and crack her fingers
with a series of pops.  'I need to come at this from outside the box.  Hell,
I need to find the box!  Maybe if I take a break and get some cookies?'

    "Quiet night," said Katsuhito as he peeked up at the sky.
    "Oh yes.  Lovely night," added Nobuyuki.  "In fact the whole week has
been pretty relaxing. Some of my gray hair has gone back to black again."
    "You had gray hair?"
    Nobuyuki smiled sadly.  "A few strands were appearing.  Stress related
no
doubt."
    Katsuhito grunted and glanced down at his cup.  "We should enjoy this
while it lasts."
    "Who knows," said Nobuyuki as he refilled his father's cup, "maybe the
two girls will learn to get along with each other.  Maybe in a few months we
will all be living in happiness and peace."
    Katsuhito grunted again and examined Nobuyuki's eyes, "How much have you
been drinking?"

    Rift checked on the progress of the battle droid.  The ship's systems
reported that the robotic chassis and onboard systems for the droid had been
finished and that the final stage, of covering it in a camouflage fit for
the
region of the planet called Japan, was just about completed.  The battle
droid would be online within half an hour, ready to be sent down to the
planet.
    Rift had its doubts.  The Bee Dee was the best design available in its
memory and had a 99% success rate.  Yet Rift knew that Zero, while not the
most heavily armed of robots, had been very smart and very flexible.  Yet
Zero had turned, not just failed, but had TURNED on its maker.  Rift knew
this and other pieces of information as it had been supplied with file after
file from the spies within Galaxy Police's own computer centers along with
sources from spies on Earth itself.  Yet there were so many unknowns.  Its
sensors, for example, could detect alien power sources around the target
area.  There were the trees from Jurai and than there were the gems that
Washu had created or maybe had found?  The Light-Hawk Wings made the human
called Tenchi a whole new problem in himself.  Maybe it had better start
working on a Plan B?
    Even while this thoughts flowed within its brain the ship alerted it to
the fact that the Bee Dee was almost really for action.  Rift started the
warm-up procedures for the small shuttle the Bee Dee would be using on its
mission to the planet.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters were made and are owned by AIC and
Pioneer.  Rift and all other characters were made by and are owned by me.
Don't sue me.  :)
