Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  The proceeding story, though based on pre-existing characters, is 
the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
All original characters found herein are also the property of the author and 
may not be used without permission.  (Did that sound official?  I hope so.)

Note to reader:  It all comes down to this.  The conclusion of weeks upon 
weeks of effort appears on these pages.  I’m proud of myself for seeing it 
through to the end, but I’m also kind of sad its over.  I had a lot of fun 
writing this, and I’ve gotten some very positive responses.  Thanks to 
everyone who read this saga, and a special thank-you to those who wrote 
to me about it.  And, a super special thumbs-up to M.H. Torringjan for 
pre-reading all of the episodes.  If you enjoyed this saga, you may be 
interested to know that I will be starting on a third, so look for that in a 
few months.  Until then, I present to you the conclusion of Project 
Pinnacle.

No Holding Back

Chapter 1:  The Demon Within

    “Oh, my God!” Kiyone blurted.  “Look at his eyes!”
    “Is this... is this Arcese’s full power?” Ayeka stammered.
    Washu checked her computer.  “I don’t believe this,” she said with 
amazement.  “His power reading is impossible; it can’t go that high!  He’s 
fighting at over one hundred thousand!”
    “What?!” Tenchi shouted.  “But... but you said that Apex was up to 
thirty thousand.  Does that mean that he can go higher?”
    “I don’t know,” Washu said matter-of-factly.  “We’ll just have to 
wait and see what happens.”
    Apex stood before Arcese with uncertainty, though his calculated 
expression did not betray it.  Arcese seemed transformed; his face clearly 
did not express what it did before.  His legs were tensed, and his fists were 
clenched tightly.  And his eyes.  His eyes were a frightening, intense, 
glowing red, a chilling fire that expressed no trace of a soul, only anger.
    “Interesting...” Apex thought aloud.  “You certainly look more 
powerful, at least.  Still, I doubt that your energy even comes close--”
    Apex did not finish his sentence before he found Arcese standing 
mere inches from him.  Quicker than the blink of an eye he had traversed 
the distance between them, and now stood staring at him with his beastlike 
gaze.  In another movement that Apex could not see, Arcese swung his fist 
and made contact with his chest, the clenched hand not stopping until it 
found its exit from Apex’s back.
    “Whoa!” Mihoshi yelled in surprise.  “Did you see that?”
    “He’s... he’s so fast!” Tenchi marveled.  “He punched right 
through him!”
    Washu breathed a sigh of relief and silently praised Sasami’s 
bravery; her plan had worked.
    Arcese flipped his arm and cast Apex from the extremity that he 
had been impaled upon.  With that, he left the android on the ground with 
a gaping hole in his chest and picked up Sasami’s lifeless body.  With the 
corpse of his most cherished one in his arms, he walked steadily towards 
the hiding place of Tenchi and the girls.  They all stared wide at Arcese, 
not sure what to make of his blood red eyes or his blank expression.  
Without a word, he laid Sasami’s body on the ground next to Ryoko, who 
was still unconscious.  Ayeka knelt beside her sister and lightly ran a hand 
over her cold cheek.  “Oh... oh, Sasami,” she sobbed.  Ryo-ohki crouched 
next to her and began to wail mournfully.
    “No more,” Arcese said evenly.  Without another word, he turned 
around and began walking back towards his enemy.
    Apex stood up, as his yawning wound filled in with other cells.  A 
look of anger crossed his face.  “You’re really getting on my nerves, you 
know that?” he asked through clenched teeth.  “No matter; I will deal with 
you swiftly.”
    At Apex’s remark, Arcese lifted off and flew towards him with a 
speed that surpassed most bullets.  Once the distance had been closed, he 
again swung his fist and landed it square on Apex’s jaw.  Apex reeled at 
the hit, sprawling back several meters and clattering to the ground.  Arcese 
stood over him as he got to his feet, the same inhuman expression 
adorning his features.
    Again on his feet, Arcese wasted no time.  He grabbed Apex by the 
shoulders and hoisted him up over his head.  He then began bringing his 
hands together, crushing him around the middle.  Apex tried desperately to 
maintain his form, but he was no match for Arcese’s current strength, and 
failed against the attempt to crush the life out of him.  So much energy was 
used in the clutch that Apex, for the first time, felt pain.  A searing agony 
invaded his body, and he let out with a scream.
    “Does it hurt yet?” Arcese asked.  “Does it hurt, you piece of shit?  
Tell me it hurts.  Tell me about the indescribable pain you’re feeling right 
now.  Do you want it to stop?  Do you want death to deliver you from your 
suffering?  Scream it out loud, Apex.  Scream for me!  Let me hear more 
of your symphony of agonizing death!”  With one more mighty clamp, 
Apex’s body gave way, and his mass oozed from Arcese’s hands into an 
oily puddle at his feet.  Still, Apex’s cells began to reform themselves into 
humanoid form.
    All the while, Washu had been monitoring Arcese from her 
position among the trees.  She noticed a disturbing trend.  As Arcese’s 
power increased, the structural integrity of his individual cells suffered.  
He was literally falling apart.  She leapt up and began running towards 
him.
    “Washu!” Tenchi protested.  “Where are you going?”  She did not 
respond as she kept running, finally to stop short of the battle ground.
    “Hey!” she shouted to Arcese.  “Your power is too high!  You need 
to power down!  You weren’t meant to absorb this much energy!”
    “Quiet,” Arcese hissed.
    “But, if you continue fighting at this rate,” Washu went on, “Then 
you’ll die!”
    “I said QUIET!” Arcese thundered.  He swept his arm at her, and 
an invisible wall of energy seemed to push Washu back towards the trees.  
She slid back to her previous observation point on her back, unable to 
stand firm against the force.
    “Washu, are you okay?” Kiyone asked.
    “I’m alright,” Washu said as she struggled to her knees.
    “Why did Arcese do that?” Tenchi wondered aloud.
    Washu breathed deep.  “His anger has completely taken over,” she 
explained.  “Even I can’t get through to him like this.”
    “Is it true what you said?” Ayeka queried.  “Is he going to die?”
    “If he keeps fighting at this level of power,” Washu replied, “then 
yes.”
    Able to retake his solid form once again, Apex saw his 
opportunity.  At the moment, Arcese was distracted by the goings on 
amongst the observers.  He grabbed Arcese by the arm and swung him 
over his shoulders like a sack of flour.  He then slammed him into the 
ground with all his might.  Refusing to stop there, he spun him around and 
flung him towards the house, which he hit, plowing through several walls 
before coming to a stop.  Apex then took flight and powered up as much 
energy into a blast as he could handle.  With both hands glowing white 
hot, he shot a tremendous ball of energy at the house.  When it impacted 
the residence, a cornucopia of shrapnel exploded upwards.  Glass and 
lumber swirled about in the air as if propelled by a whirlwind.  That which 
was not cast skyward was ignited, burning down to its very foundations in 
a great flash.  Tenchi and the girls shielded themselves from the debris as 
it came down upon them.  Their eyes were fixed on the house; what had 
not rained down from the sky was utterly incinerated.  The foundation was 
reduced to nothing more than a bonfire, thick, acrid, black smoke pouring 
off of it, and reaching skyward in great ominous curls.  Apex hovered 
down from the air.
    Everyone stared blankly at the fire.  Tenchi, gawking at the 
destruction of his home, looked like he had just swallowed a porcupine.  
Everyone else seemed very unable to comprehend what had just happened.
    “Oh... Oh, no!” Ayeka stammered.
    “Oh, my God!  Arcese!” Kiyone blurted.
    Washu tried to get a fix on Arcese’s energy signature, but the heat 
from the fire interfered with her instruments.  She couldn’t tell whether or 
not Apex’s attack had destroyed Arcese along with the house.  She waited 
tensely, watching for any signs of what had transpired.
    “Wait a minute,” Mihoshi said.  “I think... I think I see something 
moving in there.”
    Apex recoiled in horror as he saw the same movement Mihoshi 
had.  From among the burning rafters and melting insulation a figure 
began to walk towards him.  He could not believe his eyes when Arcese 
emerged from the flames, none the worse for Apex’s effort.  His steps 
were slow and deliberate as he steadily chewed up the distance between 
himself and Apex, whose fear froze him in place.  Even against the 
backdrop of the fire, his eyes still glimmered red, overshadowing even the 
hot flames he had just walked through.  One of the flaming rafters 
collapsed in his path, and Arcese gave it a stiff-arm that sent it spiraling 
away in two pieces.
    “You’re not Pinnacle!” Apex shouted, his voice high and shaky.  
“You can’t be!  Who are you?!”  Arcese did not respond.  He only 
continued to walk towards him.
    “How can you be that powerful?” Apex continued, backing away.  
“No one is as powerful as me!  Where did you come from?  Who in God’s 
name are you?!”  Still, Arcese said nothing.
    “Answer me!” Apex demanded.  “Say something, dammit!  Say 
something!”
    This time, Arcese did say something.  He stopped his approach and 
raised his splayed palm towards him, energy crackling between his fingers.  
As his palm began to glow an ethereal blue, with a mighty yell he gave 
Apex his one word answer:
    “DIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE!”
    A blast the likes of which the universe had not seen for a long time 
erupted from Arcese, aimed straight at Apex.  Not having time to dodge, 
Apex folded his arms over his face in an attempt to block.  However, when 
the attack hit him, his worst fear was realized as he felt his cells slipping 
away, destroyed by the astounding energy that engulfed him.  He tried 
desperately to hold himself together, but was no match for Arcese’s 
energy.  He felt himself fading away as the blue blast made a meal of his 
cells, and with his final glance caught sight of Arcese’s eyes.  His last 
thought was that he was not looking at Pinnacle, nor was he even looking 
at Arcese.  He was staring at the merciless face of death itself.  Then, there 
was nothing.  Where Apex once stood was nothing but empty space, as the 
energy dissipated and silence returned to the landscape.
    Washu checked her computer.  “I’m not reading another energy 
signature,” she said.  “Apex has been completely destroyed!”
    “Wow!  He did it!” Mihoshi celebrated.
    “Yes, he did,” Ayeka said sullenly.  “But... Sasami...”
    As everyone got up to acknowledge Arcese’s victory, they watched 
in shock as he shuddered once, then collapsed to the ground.

Chapter 2:  Back From the Dead

    “Dammit!” Washu spat as she began sprinting towards where 
Arcese had fallen.  Everyone else followed.  “We have to get him back 
into my lab,” Washu said.  “His cell structure is continuing to degrade.”  
Even at that point, Arcese’s human form was beginning to liquefy into the 
viscous substance he had originally been found as.  Washu summoned her 
computer and typed furiously, opening two subspace portals.  One was for 
storage, and from it, she pulled several dozen containers.  She began 
scooping Arcese’s mass off the ground into the glass receptacles.  
“Everyone help me get him into these containers!” she commanded.  
Everyone else did as they were told.  It was an odd feeling, scraping their 
friend off the grass in an attempt to save his life.  They worked feverishly, 
however, since his life was in the capable hands of the greatest genius in 
the known universe.
    Once Arcese’s cells were all contained, Washu motioned for 
everyone else to follow her through the other subspace portal, which 
connected to her laboratory.  However, Tenchi ran back to the trees first, 
and emerged carrying the unconscious Ryoko.  With much less urgency in 
her gait, Ayeka retrieved the body of her sister.
    “Washu, can you help Ryoko?” Tenchi asked, cradling the space 
pirate in his arms.
    “Ryoko hasn’t been hurt at all, as far as I can see,” Washu told 
him.  “She should be just fine on her own.  Set her down on one of the 
tables over there to rest.  Right now, we need to make sure we can stop the 
damage to Arcese’s cells.”
    “Washu, what about...” Ayeka trailed off.
    Washu looked at the limp form that hung in Ayeka’s arms.  “Give 
her to me,” she said.  Ayeka did so, and Washu brisked to another nearby 
part of the lab.  She laid the body down on a table that rested at the foot of 
a large machine that glowed with a soft green light.  In contrast to many of 
the other machines in the lab, this one seemed to have no definite shape.  
A criss-cross of wires seemed to contort in every imaginable direction, the 
cables that apparently breathed the green fire of life into this monstrous 
contraption.  The only part of it that the eye could focus on lay in the 
center, a structure that resembled a stasis tube of sorts.  Within that tube 
was a sight that made Ayeka nearly keel over in confusion and excitement.
    “Is that... Sasami?!” she asked.
    “That is Sasami’s true body, yes,” Washu said.
    Ayeka hurriedly shifted her eyes back and forth between the two 
bodies of her sister.  “True body?!” she shouted.  “What is going on, 
here?!”
    Washu seemed to pay no heed as she connected a series of wires to 
both of Sasami’s bodies.  Over her shoulder she shouted, “Tenchi!  Do you 
see that large container to your left?  The one on top of that console?”
    “Yeah, I see it,” Tenchi responded.
    “Make sure that all of Arcese’s cells are put in that container,” 
Washu continued.  By that time, everyone else had drifted over to where 
Washu tended to both Sasamis.
    “Washu!” Ayeka shouted hotly.  “Please explain to me why there 
are two Sasamis!”
    Washu took a deep breath, trying very hard to find the right words 
to explain.  “The body that you saw destroyed was not Sasami’s original 
body,” she began.  “That body was merely a bioandroid shell that I 
constructed using some of her DNA.  Using the unique physiology of 
Arcese’s cells, I was able to construct a body that was at first glance 
indistinguishable from a normal human.”
    “So that body is made of Arcese’s cells?” Mihoshi asked.
    “A reasonable imitation of them,” Washu explained.  “I hooked 
Sasami up to this machine here in order to separate her consciousness and 
store it in the shell.  Sort of the way that Ryoko is able to separate her 
astral body from her physical body.  Sasami was able to control the 
movements of the shell, while still technically remaining here, like a 
metaphysical remote control.”
    “But, if Sasami’s consciousness was in the shell,” Ayeka mused, 
“then it was destroyed.”
    “No, it wasn’t,” Washu replied.  “You see, her consciousness is 
still stored within the shell, the same way a computer’s memory is kept 
even when the machine is turned off.  As long as her original body remains 
intact, then her consciousness is anchored to this plane.”
    “So, she’s... alive?” Ayeka asked hopefully.
    “Mm-hmm,” Washu confirmed as she typed a command line into 
her computer.  “It’s just a matter of rejoining Sasami’s consciousness with 
her physical body.  The process may take a while.  Ayeka, why don’t you 
wait here and monitor the transfer.  I need to take care of Arcese.”
    “Wait!” Ayeka called after her.  “What exactly do I do?”
    “Just keep an eye on those monitors in front of you,” Washu 
instructed.  “If you see anything unusual, or if any of the numbers go in the 
red, call me over.”
    Ayeka nodded dumbly, turning her attention to the dozen-or-so 
screens in front of her, still in shock from learning that her sister was still 
alive.  Washu hurried over to the storage container into which Tenchi was 
just finishing the transfer of Arcese’s cells.  Tenchi had heard flashes of 
the conversation Washu had had with the others.  “So, Sasami is alive?” 
he asked.
    “Yes,” Washu responded.  “The transfer of consciousness should 
go without a hitch, seeing as how it was performed flawlessly yesterday.”
    “Yesterday?” Tenchi echoed.  He figured that it must have 
occurred when Washu had called Sasami into the lab supposedly just to 
talk.  For a full day, he had been fooled.  Then, he realized that that was 
the point.  “I think I understand now,” he said as Washu continued to type 
into her machine.  “You had Sasami pilot that body and deliberately get 
killed in front of Arcese so that he would get mad and fight.”
    “Very observant, Tenchi,” Washu said, not bothering to look up 
from her work.  “That was the plan all along.  Unfortunately, I couldn’t 
foresee the effect that the energy absorption would have on Arcese’s 
cells.”
    “What did happen?” Tenchi asked.
    “His cells were not designed to absorb that much energy,” Washu 
explained.  “The reinforced vacuole within each cell has broken down, and 
the energy damaged the cells.  I’m not sure if I can repair the damage.”
    “So, what are you going to do?” Tenchi asked.
    “I’m going to see if I can download all of Arcese’s program files 
into another computer,” Washu replied.  “That way, we can at least keep 
him alive until I find a way to either fix his body or get him a new one.”  
She entered one final command into her holo-top.  “I’m now transferring 
his files into a separate database.  I just hope that they haven’t been 
damaged, as well.”
    “When will we be able to find that out?” asked Tenchi.
    “As soon as Arcese’s files have been transferred,” Washu said, 
“I’ll access his core consciousness.  If that has remained intact, then I see 
no reason that the other systems would have been affected, either.  But the 
amount of data in Arcese’s database is tremendous.  The process will take 
several hours.”
    The waiting was horrible for everyone.  Tenchi eagerly waited for 
any sign of consciousness from Ryoko, who still lay motionless on the 
table where she had been placed.  Ayeka and Ryo-ohki tirelessly kept a 
vigil over the instruments that measured her sister’s life signs, her eyes 
glazing over as she looked at all the monitors at once, but saw nothing in 
particular.  Washu continually observed the transfer process of Arcese’s 
files.  It was anybody’s guess whether or not she was seeing every single 
file as it downloaded, but her eyes were intent enough to give that 
impression.  Kiyone and Mihoshi hovered between the three injured 
individuals, in a haze over the magnitude of the afflictions that faced each 
of them.  The laboratory was silent, save for the blips and whirrs of the 
machines that surrounded everyone.
    After an interminable span of time that might as well have been a 
hundred years, Tenchi’s heart leapt as Ryoko’s eyelids fluttered.  She 
slowly peeled back her eyelids revealing the soothing amber within.  The 
first thing she saw was Tenchi leaning over her, a hopeful smile on his 
face.  “Ryoko, you’re awake!” he said excitedly.
    “Tenchi...” she trailed off, still feeling like her head was full of 
cotton.  “Where... what... what happened?”
    Everyone else rushed over to where Ryoko gingerly sat up, her 
hand to her head.  “You’re in my lab,” Washu said.  “Everything is okay 
now.”
    Suddenly, she remembered why she had been rendered 
unconscious in the first place.  “Apex!” she blurted.  “Where is he?”
    “Destroyed,” Kiyone said.  “Arcese beat him.”
    “Really?” Ryoko asked.  “Wow.  I can’t believe he really did it.  
So, where is he?”
    Washu patiently explained all that had happened after Ryoko 
passed out.  She told her about her plan involving Sasami, and what had 
happened when Arcese thought she was killed, and about the current state 
of his cell structure and program files.  Ryoko, with a perpetually shocked 
expression, absorbed what had been told to her.  Events had taken an 
unbelievable turn, what with Sasami’s faked death and Arcese becoming 
unimaginably powerful.  She doubted that she would have believed it even 
if she had been awake to see it.
    “So,” Ryoko mused aloud, “you’re still not sure if Sasami and 
Arcese are going to be okay?”
    “I’m fairly certain that Sasami will be just fine,” Washu said.  “But 
Arcese... it’s too early to tell.”
    “So, I guess we’ll just have to wait, huh?” Ryoko asked.  Then, her 
eyes were drawn to Tenchi, who looked at her with a thoughtful gaze.  
“You okay?” she asked.
    Tenchi broke out into a wide smile and hugged Ryoko as if he 
hadn’t seen her in years.  “I’m so glad you’re okay,” he said into her ear.
    Ryoko returned his smile and his hug.  “I’m glad, too,” she replied.
    “Washu!” Ayeka shouted, waving her arms frantically.  “Come 
quickly!”
    Everyone followed the scientist to where Ayeka seemed to be 
beside herself with worry.  Ryo-ohki was meowing and hopping furiously.  
“All the monitors just started beeping,” Ayeka revealed.  “What’s 
happening?”
    Washu took a look at the monitors and smiled.  “Nothing to worry 
about,” she said with ease in her voice.  “The transfer of consciousness 
was performed without a hitch.  Sasami should be waking up very soon.”  
Everyone crowded around where Sasami lay.  “Back off a little!” Washu 
insisted.  “She’s going to be a little out of it when she comes to, so try not 
to hound her too much.”
    Keeping what was deemed a safe distance, everyone waited 
anxiously for any movement.  Their anticipation reached a crescendo when 
they heard a weak groan from Sasami.  They leaned in for a better look as 
she seemed to shudder into consciousness.  Her hand slowly lifted from 
her side and went to her head.  She opened her eyes part way and shifted 
them about.  She recognized the ceiling above her as the last thing she had 
seen before the original transfer into the bioandroid shell.  She assumed 
that she had been successfully transferred back, and everything had gone 
according to plan.  The question was, did it have the desired effect?  
“Arcese...” she trailed off, finding speaking a true chore with the pounding 
in her head.
    “Don’t try to talk just yet,” Washu said soothingly.  “You’re still 
very weak.  You’ll be able to sleep it off in a couple of hours.”
    Sasami sank back into her resting place, and closed her eyes to try 
and stop the room from spinning around her.  Ryo-ohki looked at Washu 
with a tentative glance.  Washu smiled and nodded, knowing what was on 
her mind.  Ryo-ohki hopped up on Sasami’s stomach and gently nuzzled 
her chin.  Sasami wrapped one arm around the cabbit and smiled, feeling 
much more comfortable.  In no time at all, they were both asleep.
    Washu turned her attention to Ayeka.  “Sasami will be just fine,” 
she said with a confident smile.
    Ayeka almost burst out with tears of joy.  “I’m... oh, thank 
goodness...” she trailed off before she began to wobble on her feet.  
Kiyone caught her before she fell over and led her to a chair.  Washu 
quickly got her a glass of water.  Ayeka sat, utterly exhausted, a blank 
smile on her face.  The day had been trying for her.
    “Hey, Washu,” Kiyone said, “have Arcese’s files finished 
downloading yet?”
    Washu checked the numbers.  “About seventy percent of the data 
has transferred.  And I can’t check his core consciousness until all of it has 
been transferred.  We’ll have to wait.”
    “I hope he’s okay,” Mihoshi said, echoing the sentiments of 
everyone else.  Even Ryoko had a worried look about her.  This surprised 
Tenchi, who got the impression that she was always very standoffish with 
the android.  Another period of insufferable waiting began, as the fate of 
Arcese remained up in the air.

Chapter 3:  Prognosis

    A little over two more hours passed before all of Acese’s files were 
transferred.  Washu was able to see that each file had been downloaded 
successfully, but she couldn’t tell whether or not they had been damaged.  
For that, she would need to interact with Arcese and view his functions.  
For such an undertaking, she restored power to the holographic training 
arena.  It had not been used since the day Masato was killed.
    “I’ll access Arcese’s files with the holographic projector,” Washu 
explained to everyone.  “That will project his image for us, and allow him 
to perceive extraneously.  However, he won’t be able to leave the arena, 
nor will he be able to use his empathic abilities.”  Washu made the 
necessary modifications, and turned the projector unit on.  Everyone 
waited with baited breath for Arcese to appear in the center of the arena.  
With a fuzzed, static flash, his form began to take shape.  After a few 
moments of visual adjustments, his familiar form looked out among the 
throng of faces.  He stood blinking confusedly, and said nothing.
    Washu swallowed hard.  Her biggest fear was that his memory 
would have been wiped clean, like it was when he first crashed on Earth.  
She hesitantly approached the arena.  “Arcese?” she asked.
    Arcese directed his eyes to her.  “Washu, what am I doing back 
here?” he asked.
    Washu breathed a sigh of relief; his memory seemed to be largely 
intact.  Still, she had to be sure.  “Do you remember who we are?” she 
asked him.  “Do you remember where this is?”
    “Of course I do,” Arcese said impatiently.  “I think the question is: 
what am I doing here?”
    “What’s the last thing you remember?” Washu inquired.
    Arcese thought a moment, then furrowed his brow.  “Apex,” he 
hissed.
    “Apex is dead,” Washu said.  “You killed him.”
    Arcese looked down at the floor.  “And Sasami was...” he trailed 
off.
    “Sasami is--” Ayeka began, trying to explain that she was alright.  
However, she was cut off.
    “You don’t have to say it, Ayeka, I know,” Arcese said sadly.  “I 
said I wouldn’t let you down, and I did.  I let her down.  There’s no excuse 
for that.  You have every right to be angry with me.  All of you do.”
    “But, Sasami is--” Ryoko began before she, as well, was cut off.
    “I can’t believe I let her die!” Arcese shouted, as he sank to his 
knees and pounded the flat of his palm on the floor.  “Why couldn’t I have 
destroyed Apex in the first place?  I guess he was right; I am weak.”
    “Shut up!” Washu shouted sharply.  Arcese jumped in surprise, as 
did everyone else.  “We’re trying to tell you,” she continued, “that Sasami 
isn’t dead!  She’s--”
    “Arcese?” a voice from behind interrupted her.  Everyone turned to 
see Sasami staring at the android with wide, hopeful eyes.  The couple 
hours of sleep had cleared her head considerably.
    Arcese’s power of speech failed him.  He gaped at the pigtailed 
princess, unsure whether he had just died and met Sasami in heaven, or if 
he was looking at a ghost.  But, she seemed so real.  Her expressive pink 
eyes shone with all the luster of life that had ever been present.  Still on his 
knees, Arcese stammered, “S-S-S-Sasami?  Is that... is that... are you...”  
He could not articulate the rest of his thoughts before Sasami rushed into 
the arena and hugged him with all the might her small body could muster.
    “I’m so glad you’re okay!” she said joyfully.
    Arcese buried his face in her hair.  “I don’t believe it!” he said.  
“You’re alive!  It’s a miracle!”
    “Nope, just me,” Washu cut in with an ego-tainted smile.
    Arcese looked up, his face quite evidently over come with joy.  
“What did you do?” he asked.  “How did this happen?”
    “Long story short,” the scientist began, “I made up a spare body, 
put her consciousness inside it, and switched it back after you killed 
Apex.”
    “But... but why?” Arcese asked, confusion wrinkling his forehead.
    Washu breathed deeply.  “I suppose I have a confession to make,” 
she said.  “I knew that you only reach your full power potential when you 
get emotionally stressed, so I had to come up with a way to create that in 
you.  And, I supposed that the most drastic way to create those feelings 
was if you watched someone you love get hurt.  So, I talked things over 
with Sasami, and she agreed to allow her consciousness to be transferred 
into the fake body.  When I saw that you weren’t capable of defeating 
Apex, I sent her out to provoke him into basting her.”
    Arcese’s face was blank.  He couldn’t believe what was being told 
to him.  “Sasami, is this true?” he asked.
    “Yes,” she confirmed.  “I was hoping that I wouldn’t have to do it, 
but Washu said that there was no other way.  She said that, if I didn’t do it, 
then you would die.”
    “So... this was all planned?” Arcese marveled.
    “Since yesterday,” Washu said.
    “Wait a minute,” Arcese mused.  “If Sasami was still alive in your 
lab, then how come I didn’t sense her empathically.”
    “I created a small device that masks emotional signatures,” Washu 
revealed.  “I put one on her real body so you couldn’t sense her.  I was 
wearing one, too.”  She reached behind her neck and pulled off what 
looked like a band-aid, with a microchip-sized device adhered to it.  “I was 
the only other person who knew about the plan, so I had to keep my 
emotional signature a secret from you.  Otherwise, you might not have 
believed she was really dead.”
    “Wait a minute, Washu!” Ayeka spat angrily.  “You mean to tell 
me that you had these devices all along?  Why couldn’t you have told us 
about all this and given each of us one of those things to wear?  Was it 
really necessary to make us all think that poor Sasami had died?!”
    “Calm down, Ayeka,” Washu insisted.  “I wanted your emotions to 
reflect true sadness because I figured Arcese would pick up on that.  I 
needed to add to the realism.  The illusion had to be so convincing that 
Arcese would have had no choice but to believe that Sasami was dead.”
    Tenchi shook his head in amazement.  “Wow,” he said.  “You sure 
had me fooled.”
    “Listen, everyone, I’m really sorry about all of this,” Washu said.  
“I felt horrible about tricking all of you.  Especially you, Arcese.  I know 
Sasami means a lot to you, and that you would never want to see her hurt 
in any way.  But I really had no choice.  I saw the only opportunity I had to 
keep everyone safe, and I had to take it.  I only hope that you all 
understand the position I was in, and that this was not an easy decision.”
    Tenchi was the first to speak up.  “Well, the important thing is that 
we’re all okay,” he said.
    “Agreed,” Kiyone concurred.  Everyone else seemed to nod their 
heads in assent.
    “Arcese?” Washu asked, waiting for some word of forgiveness 
from him, if any would come at all.
    His eyes were focused vacantly on the floor, his arms still wrapped 
tightly around Sasami.  An uncomfortable silence ensued.  “You did what 
you had to,” he said finally.  “We all did.  You have nothing to apologize 
for.  I’m just glad that everyone is okay.  I was so afraid that you all would 
get hurt.”
    “Well, we’re al still standing!” Mihoshi said cheerfully.
    “And we have you to thank, Arcese,” Tenchi added with 
enthusiasm.
    Arcese smiled, and directed his attention back to Sasami.  “You’re 
a very brave girl, Sasami,” he said.  “And you reminded me just how much 
I care about all of you.  Thank you.”
    “Arcese...” she trailed off as she tightened her hug.
    Washu sighed.  “Well, I hate to put a damper on the mood,” she 
said, “but I kind of have some bad news, Arcese.”
    “Oh?” he asked.
    “Because you absorbed so much energy,” Washu informed him, 
“all of your cells have been damaged.  Because they don’t relate to one 
another or are connected in some way like human cells, I need to repair 
each one individually.”
    “Individually?” Arcese asked.
    “Well, just how many cells are we talking, here?” Ryoko asked.
    “Oh, a couple trillion,” Washu said nonchalantly.  A collective 
gasp swept through the lab.
    “And you need to do each one by hand?!” Arcese spat.
    “Well, of course, I’ll find a way to automate the process,” Washu 
said confidently.  “Even so, the repairs will take several months.  I’m 
afraid you’ll be stuck in my computer until I can get your body ready.”
    “But you made Sasami a body, right?” Arcese asked.  “Why can’t 
you make one for me that quickly?”
    “Because Sasami had DNA for me to work with,” she explained.  
“You don’t have any.  I’m working from scratch, here.”
    Arcese’s head sank.  “So’ I’ll be stuck in your computer for 
months, huh?” he asked dejectedly.
    “Don’t take it so hard,” Washu bade him.  “I can always manifest 
your consciousness in this holographic training program, which allows you 
to see and talk with others.  It won’t be so bad.”
    “Considering what might have happened,” Ryoko cut in, “it sounds 
pretty sweet to me!”
    “Yeah!  It’ll be like a vacation!” Mihoshi joined in.
    “And I’ll come visit you every day, I promise,” Sasami said.
    “Then, I guess everything is going to work out,” Arcese said with a 
smile.
    “Oh, my God!” Tenchi realized.  “My house!  It’s been burned to 
the ground!”
    “Oh, my goodness, that’s right!” Ayeka shouted.
    “Well, where the heck are we going to live?” Ryoko asked.
    Six pairs of eyes reminiscent of lost puppies fixed on Washu.
    Washu sighed.  “I suppose you can stay here until the house is 
rebuilt,” she said, only half trying to mask her annoyance.
    “Oh, thank you, Washu!” Mihoshi said.
    “I guess I’ll set up my bedroll right next to Tenchi’s, then,” Ryoko 
said suggestively.
    “As long as I must share a room with you,” Ayeka said with forced 
patience, “I must insist that you do not make a spectacle of yourself.  I will 
not tolerate inappropriate behavior.”
    “Really?” Ryoko asked playfully.  “Gee, that’s too bad.  Good 
thing you and I got that out of the way last night, eh, Tenchi?”  She gave 
him a poke in the ribs and a wink.
    “Ryoko!” Tenchi scolded.
    “You’re giving yourself a little too much credit, don’t you think?” 
Ayeka asked coyly.  “After all, it’s only been a few days.  Tenchi 
wouldn’t--” she cut her self off when she saw the conflicted look on 
Tenchi’s face.  “Oh, no!” she said.  “You mean, last night... you... and 
she...”  Tenchi remained silent, but the bright red on his cheeks was all the 
answer Ayeka needed.  She began to wobble on her feet.  “Oh, dear,” she 
whimpered.  “I feel faint...”
    Sasami rushed to her sister’s side and supported her by the arm.  
Tenchi began trying to push away Ryoko, who had gotten a little too 
clingy for public. 
    “You shouldn’t be upset, Ayeka,” Mihoshi said.  “After all, Tenchi 
and Ryoko are boyfriend-girlfriend now, so I think it’s really sweet that 
they want to be together.”  Ayeka promptly fell over.
    “Mihoshi, you’re not helping!” Kiyone hissed.
    Washu stood next to Arcese in the arena and shook her head.  
“And I used to come here to get away from all this,” she sighed.

Epilogue

    The flagship of the Jurai royal family loomed large over the 
landscape.  Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryoko stood stoutly on the lawn.  
Yosho and Washu stood some distance behind them all.  From the 
gigantic ship, Azusa and his wives were transported down in front of the 
procession.  It was only a matter of seconds before Misaki lurched forward 
to begin her round of overenthusiastic hugs.
    “Sasami, I’ve missed you!” she wailed to her younger daughter as 
she hugged her forcefully.
    “I missed you, too, Mommy!” Sasami said with added enthusiasm.
    “And Ayeka!” Misaki said, virtually jumping to her from Sasami.  
“It’s been so long since I’ve seen you!”
    “I’m so glad to see you... Mommy,” Ayeka said, a little more 
shrilly than she would have preferred.  Initial encounters with her mother 
were always laced with a hint of discomfort.
    “I’m so glad you’ve decided to come home,” Misaki went on in her 
fawning.  “The palace is so dreary without my little girls!”
    “Well, every vacation has to end sometime,” Ayeka said with a 
sigh.
    Misaki barely seemed to hear her as she moved over to clutch 
Tenchi tightly.  “Thank you so much for taking care of my little girls!” she 
swooned.
    “Oh, it was nothing, really,” Tenchi said, a little tightly due to the 
pressure Misaki was putting on his abdomen.
    “I can’t thank you enough!” Misaki continued.  Suddenly, a 
glimmer of gold on Tenchi’s right hand caught her attention.  She broke 
the hug and grabbed Tenchi’s hand, inspecting it thoroughly.  She gasped 
excitedly.  “Is that... a wedding ring?” she asked.  “Who’s the lucky girl?”
    From behind her husband, Ryoko cleared her throat and waved 
pleasantly.
    Misaki’s eyes positively lit up.  She gave them both a 
simultaneous, bone-crushing hug, one in each arm.  “You two look 
adorable together!  Oh, congratulations!”
    “Can’t... feel... legs!” Ryoko struggled to say.
    Funaho stepped over to her son’s side.  “Quite a bit has happened 
since we were here last, hasn’t it?” she asked in her stately manner.
    “You have no idea,” Yosho replied knowingly.
    “Are you sure you won’t reconsider returning to Jurai?” Funaho 
asked.  She already knew the answer, but what kind of mother would she 
be if she didn’t ask?
    “You know my feelings about Earth, Mother,” Yosho replied.  
“And you know my feelings about Jurai.”
    “Of course,” Funaho said.  “I understand.  I am glad to see you are 
well here.”
    “I have no complaints,” Yosho responded.
    “By the way,” Funaho said suddenly, “where is the new one?”
    Yosho snapped to attention.  “Oh, of course,” he said.  “Ayeka!  
Sasami!  Where is Arcese?”
    “He’s still inside getting some things for us,” Sasami replied.  “I’ll 
go find him.”  Sasami scampered into the house, the rebuilding of which 
had concluded several months previous.
    Sasami emerged from the house a few moments later, followed 
closely by Arcese, who was carrying an ungainly pile of boxes and bags 
that surpassed him in height, and possibly in weight.  Halfway across the 
lawn Arcese dropped them onto the lawn.  “Are you sure that’s 
everything?” Sasami asked.
    “That’s everything you told me to bring,” Arcese said.  “If there’s 
nothing else, I think we’re set to go.”
    “Great!” Sasami sang.
    Suddenly, seemingly from out of nowhere, a small bird fluttered to 
Arcese and landed on the top of his head, chirping merrily.  Sasami looked 
on in wonderment.  “Someday, Arcese,” she said, “you’ll have to teach me 
how to do that.”
    “I suppose I could try,” Arcese said.  “After all, I did promise to 
spend an entire day with you, didn’t I?  And that’s a promise I fully intend 
to keep.”  With a last friendly twitter, the bird parted company with 
Arcese’s spiky black hair.
    “Arcese, I want you to meet my mommy,” Sasami said merrily.  
Sasami led him over to Misaki, whom Arcese regarded with a warm smile.
    “Lady Misaki, right?” he asked.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”  He 
held out his hand for her to shake.  Instead, he found himself encircled by 
the vice grips that were her arms.
    “My little Sasami has told me so much about you!” she told him.  
“I feel like you’re a member of the family!”
    “That’s very kind of you to say,” Arcese said, a bit uncomfortable 
with how tightly he was being grasped.
    At the appearance of Arcese, Azusa stepped forward.  As usual, he 
dispensed with pleasantries.  “So, you are Arcese,” he said to no one in 
particular.  “I understand you wish to be a bodyguard for my daughters, am 
I correct?”
    “Yes, sir,” Arcese said as Misaki released him.
    “I see,” Azusa said evenly.  “And, what makes you think that I 
would approve of such an appointment.”
    Arcese smiled.  “Oh, Ryoko,” he called.  “Would you mind a small 
demonstration?”
    “I would be delighted,” Ryoko said with the same sly grin.  Her 
energy sword extended from her hand as she rushed forward.  With a wild 
swing, she gave a swipe that would have decapitated most people.  
However, Arcese stood unaffected, grinning widely, the orange shaft of 
energy pressed against his neck.
    Azusa could not help but raise an eyebrow.  “Impressive,” he 
admitted.
    “I’m surprised you’re still standing,” Ryoko said smugly.  “After 
all, you can’t absorb as much energy as you used to.”
    “I get by,” Arcese said.  “You should be taking it easy yourself; 
what with your little passenger, and all.”
    Ryoko deactivated her sword and put an arm around her stomach.  
She was entering her third trimester, and her pregnancy was beginning to 
show.  “Nah, she’s a tough kid,” Ryoko replied.
    “So it’s a girl?” Sasami asked excitedly.
    “Yep!” Washu cut in.  “I performed the examination myself.  It’s 
going to be a healthy baby girl.”
    “Wow, neato!” Sasami chirped.  “Have you thought of any names 
yet, Tenchi?”
    “Well, we’ve thrown a couple around,” Tenchi said.  “Speaking of 
which, there’s... something I’d like to ask you, Ayeka.”
    Ayeka looked at him quizzically.  “What is it, Lord Tenchi?”
    Tenchi’s hand nervously grasped the back of his head.  “Well, we 
were just wondering...” he trailed off.  He looked at Ryoko with 
uncertainty.
    “Go ahead,” she said.  “Ask her.”
    Tenchi turned back to Ayeka.  “We were kind of hoping that you 
would... that you would be Godmother to the baby.”
    Ayeka gasped.  The suggestion came completely out of the blue.  
She never would have dreamed that Tenchi and Ryoko would even think 
of considering such a thing.  “Godmother?” she marveled.  “Are you 
serious?”
    “Of course we are,” Ryoko said.  “So, how about it, princess?”
    Ayeka was still shocked at the suddenness of the proposal.  Off 
guard as she was, she did not have to think long about her answer.  She 
smiled warmly at the couple.  “I would be honored,” she said.  “Thank you 
both so very much.”
    “Thank you, Ayeka,” Tenchi said as he hugged her.  “It was the 
least we could offer you, since you mean so much to all of us.”
    Misaki seemed completely overcome with joy.  “Oh, this is so 
wonderful!” she said.  “My little Ayeka is going to be Godmother to 
Tenchi’s child!”
    Interrupting the celebration was the roar of another ship overhead.  
Everyone cast their eyes skyward to see what was causing the disturbance.  
The ship began its landing approach, and touched down on the lawn next 
to the lake.
    “It’s Yagami!” Sasami shouted excitedly.  “Kiyone and Mihoshi 
are back!”
    Sure enough, the two Galaxy Police officers emerged from the 
cruiser and excitedly trotted to the gathering.  The appropriate hugs and 
handshakes were exchanged.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were especially 
surprised to see Arcese.
    “Hey, looks like Washu fixed your body up,” Kiyone observed.  
“When we left, it was still just a lump in a big mason jar.  You look good.”
    “Thanks,” Arcese responded.  “I can’t shapeshift anymore, but I 
wouldn’t want to, anyway.  I like this body.”
    “Hey, Kiyone, how are things at headquarters?” Tenchi asked.
    “Pretty slow,” Kiyone confessed.  “After all we’ve been through 
with you guys, a shift at headquarters might as well be a vacation.”
    “Well, then, I guess the transfer worked in your favor then, huh?” 
Ryoko asked.
    “It sure did!” Mihoshi chimed in.  “Me and Kiyone get to spend so 
much time together at the office.  We work on paperwork together, we go 
over case files; we get to spend the whole day together!”
    “Don’t remind me,” Kiyone said under her breath.
    “We’re really glad you came to visit,” Sasami said.
    “Well, duty calls,” Kiyone responded.  “The Galaxy Police wanted 
to send someone to escort Sasami and Ayeka back to Jurai, and when Lady 
Funaho and Lady Misaki heard that we were willing to do it, they 
insisted.”
    “Wow!  So you’re making the trip home with us!” Sasami 
exclaimed.
    “Yep!” Mihoshi confirmed.  “We’ll be right by your side the whole 
time.”
    “It’s a shame you two can’t stay longer,” Tenchi said.
    “I wish we could,” Kiyone replied.  “But Mihoshi and I have some 
vacation time coming up, and we’ll be sure to stop by and see you.”
    “By all means!” Tenchi said enthusiastically.  “The house hasn’t 
been quite the same since you two got transferred and went to 
headquarters.”
    “I’m sure it’s been a lot quieter,” Kiyone said, “especially without 
Mihoshi.”
    “Well, it’s been so boring around here without you two that Tenchi 
and I had to make our own fun,” Ryoko said, nudging Tenchi.
    “Ryoko, cut that out!” Tenchi scolded.
    “Oh, yeah, that reminds me,” Kiyone said, “how’s the baby?”
    “She’ll be due in three months,” Ryoko said.  “She’s already 
started kicking.”
    “Let’s hope that she doesn’t kick as hard as you do,” Kiyone said 
with a smirk.  “Otherwise you’ll need stitches.”  Ryoko returned her smirk.
    While Kiyone and Ryoko conversed, Azusa spoke with his eldest 
daughter.  “Tell me,” he said to her, “how is it that you came across 
someone as powerful as Arcese in this remote region of the galaxy?”
    “Well, you could say that he just dropped in on us,” Ayeka said.
    “Hmm...” Azusa considered.  “Just like Masato, eh?  You’re not 
planning on marrying this one, too, are you?”
    “No, I’m not, Father,” Ayeka said with a chortle.  “However, 
Sasami will eventually be of age...”
    Sasami’s hand went to her mouth.  Arcese looked like someone 
had just stepped on his foot with a pair of cleats.  Azusa’s eyes darted to 
Sasami, and then glared menacingly at Arcese.  Arcese palmed his 
forehead.  “And that’s how rumors get started,” he said thinly.
    Ayeka began laughing.  “I’m teasing!” she revealed.  “However, 
Father, Arcese has proven to be a very trustworthy friend to both of us.  I 
think you will find that he makes an excellent bodyguard.”
    Azusa studied Arcese for several moments.  Then, 
anticlimactically, he shrugged.  “I suppose an extra bodyguard certainly 
couldn’t hurt.”
    “I think it’s wonderful that Ayeka and Sasami have someone like 
Arcese to watch over them,” Funaho said.  “It certainly sets my mind at 
ease, knowing that they’re in such good hands.”
    “I only hope that those good hands can keep their distance,” Azusa 
said bitterly.  “I trust there will be nothing... ‘going on’ between you and 
Sasami, Arcese.”
    Arcese smiled at him nervously.  “I can assure you, sir,” he 
addressed him, “that she and I are merely friends.  Platonic friends.”
    Azusa nodded slowly.  “I’ll hold you to that,” he said.
    “You needn’t concern yourself with such details, your highness,” 
Washu interjected.  “Arcese was designed personally by me to be the 
perfect gentleman.  And, just between you and me, he’s absolutely pathetic 
with women.”
    “Gee, thank you for your vote of confidence, Washu,” Arcese 
mumbled with dark sarcasm.
    Azusa grunted in response.  “We shouldn’t dally,” he said evenly.  
“We will leave now.”
    Misaki took that as her cue.  “Ayeka, sweetie!” she called.  
“Sasami, darling!  We will be leaving soon!”
    “Very well, mother,” Ayeka responded flatly.
    Kiyone motioned for Mihoshi to follow her back to Yagami.  
“Well, it looks like we need to be going, as well,” she said.  “Your 
highness, we’ll rendezvous with you in orbit.”
    “Yes, that will be fine,” Azusa replied.
    “It was so nice seeing everyone again!” Mihoshi said.
    “Yeah, just like old times,” Ryoko said wistfully.
    “We’ll be sure to visit again soon!  I promise!” Mihoshi said.
    “Well, we’ll all look forward to it,” Tenchi said heartily.  “Take 
care of yourselves, you two.”
    “We will,” Kiyone assured him.  “We’ll be seeing you!”  With a 
final wave, Kiyone and Mihoshi boarded their ship and took off, leaving 
the others to wave after them.
    With a final round of hugs and well-wishes, Misaki joined Funaho 
at Azusa’s side to be transported back to the ship.  Azusa was about to 
bark at her daughters to hurry, but he checked himself when he saw the 
pained look in Ayeka’s face as she stared at Tenchi.  He cleared his throat.  
“We will wait for you on board, Ayeka,” he told her.  “Do not be long.”
    “Yes, Father,” Ayeka promised as her elders, along with Ayeka and 
Sasami’s belongings, were enveloped by a green light and sent back to 
their ship.  she looked again at Tenchi with sad eyes.  “Well, I guess this is 
it,” she said with a degree of finality.  “I’ve been dreading this for weeks.”
    “Hey, don’t be so down about it,” Tenchi said reassuringly.  “It’s 
not like we’re never going to see each other again, right?”
    “That is true,” Ayeka said.  “But it will be quite a long time before 
I will be able to come here again.”
    “Well, that’s what Ryo-ohki’s for,” Ryoko said.  “Don’t worry, 
we’ll be along to crash your party one of these days.  Count on it.  Besides, 
I’d hate to keep her away from Sasami for very long.”
    With that comment, Sasami scampered over to the corner of the 
yard where Ryo-ohki sat dejectedly, saddened by the impending departure 
of her friend.  Ryo-ohki meowed curiously as Sasami stood over her, then 
scooped her up in her arms.  “I’m really going to miss you, Ryo-ohki,” 
Sasami said.  Ryo-ohki meowed a similar sentiment.  No longer would she 
be able to assume her safe, comfortable resting place on the top of her 
head.
    “You make sure Ryoko brings you to visit soon, okay?” Sasami 
requested.  Ryo-ohki responded with a sad-eyed meow as Sasami hugged 
her for the last time, and placed her back down on the grass.  She followed 
her back to the gathering, and stopped at Ryoko’s side.  Ryoko reached 
down and picked her up, and the cabbit rested in one of her arms.
    Sasami hugged Tenchi around the waist.  “Thank you for 
everything, Tenchi,” she said.
    “You’re welcome, Sasami,” Tenchi replied.
    Ayeka stepped forward when Sasami let go of Tenchi.  Judging by 
the expression on her face, she seemed tremendously forlorn about her 
departure.  “Tenchi, I... I can’t find words...” she confessed.  “These last 
few years have been so wonderful.  Thank you so much.”
    “You’re one of the reasons why they were so wonderful,” Tenchi 
said with a thoughtful gaze.  “Thank you for being a part of my life.”
    “Oh, Tenchi, I...” was all Ayeka could say before tears choked off 
her words.
    Tenchi hugged her softly.  “Take care, Ayeka.”  So emotional was 
she that Ayeka could not respond, even though she wanted to thank Tenchi 
a thousand times for all he had done for her.  She only continued to stand 
there, holding onto him tightly, wishing that she would never have to let 
him go.
    “Hey, Ayeka,” Ryoko cut in, “leave some for me, why don’t you?”
    Ayeka chuckled at Ryoko’s unique humor and backed away.  “I 
suppose you’re right,” she said.  “Otherwise, I’ll never leave.”
    Ryoko smiled.  “See you around, Princess Prissypants,” she chided.
    “You, too, mummy-woman,” Ayeka said, returning her grin.  She 
stepped in beside her sister, ready to be transported.
    Before they could leave, however, Arcese had to finish up his 
goodbyes.  He smiled warmly at Washu.  “I guess you already know this,” 
he said, “but I owe you my life.  I just want to thank you for everything 
you’ve done for me.  I can’t tell you how much it means to me.”
    “Oh, the pleasure was all mine!” Washu informed him.  “I learned 
a lot from studying you.  Plus, you kept me company in the lab all those 
times.”  Her face then adapted a more serious expression.  “I guess I never 
really let on, but, after a while, you became more like my son than 
anything else.”
    “Really?” Arcese asked with a hint of surprise.  “I never thought 
anyone could see me that way.”
    Washu smiled at him.
    “Well, then,” Arcese said as he made to join Ayeka and Sasami, 
“take care... Mom.”
    Washu felt her heartstrings being tugged.  “You too, Arcese,” she 
said, her eyes misting over just a shade.
    Arcese ambled over to where the two princesses stood.  “We 
ready?” he asked.
    “As ready as I’ll ever be,” Ayeka said.
    “Goodbye, everyone!” Sasami shouted.  “I hope you can visit us 
soon!”
    “We’ll work something out,” Tenchi said.  “Have a safe trip.”
    “Thanks again, everyone!” Arcese called out.
    “No problem,” Washu said.
    Amidst frantic waving from both parties, Ayeka, Sasami, and 
Arcese were swallowed up by the green light and transported aboard the 
ship.  After a few moments pause, the Jurai flagship laboriously slugged 
out of view range.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Yosho, and Ryo-ohki watched 
for as long as they could.  Eventually, the ship became a mere dot in the 
sky, and then blended into the blue.
    Tenchi sighed.  “I miss them already,” he said.
    “Me too,” Ryoko concurred.  “Guess things will never be the same 
around here.”
    “That my be true,” Yosho said.  “But the past never changes.  You 
leave it and go on to other things, but it’s always there, waiting for you to 
come back to it.”
    “Yeah, we’ve had some pretty wild times, haven’t we?” Washu 
wondered aloud.  “Even the worst of it didn’t break us apart, so why 
should this?”
    “Yeah, what’s a few billion miles?” Ryoko asked sarcastically.
    “I guess we’ll always be like a family, huh?” Tenchi asked.
    “Mm-hmm,” Ryoko said as she folded her arms around Tenchi’s 
neck.
    “Probably the weirdest family ever,” Washu offered.
    “I would have said something more along the lines of ‘special,’” 
Yosho said.
    “It is special,” Ryoko said.  “More than I could have ever asked 
for.”
    Simultaneously they all turned around and went back into the 
modest residence that Tenchi and six very special ladies had made into a 
home.  The house seemed very empty, indeed.


THE END


Coming soon:  Sanyasi
