Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  The proceeding story, though based on pre-existing characters, is 
the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
All original characters found herein are also the property of the author and 
may not be used without permission.  (Did that sound official?  I hope so.)

Note to reader:  Well, I guess I've been tap-dancing around it long enough.  
I guess I'd better get around to having Tenchi choose.  Some people will 
be happy with my decision of whom he should choose, and some will be 
screaming for my head.  Nevertheless, I stick by it, and remind everyone 
that it is just a story, and that I always try my best not to offend anyone.  
No matter what your opinion, I invite you to e-mail me and tell me what 
you think.

Needed

Chapter 1:  A Long Time Coming

	Tenchi wrapped his jacket around him tightly as he crossed the 
lawn.  <Gosh, it's cold out here this morning,> he thought to himself.  <I 
hope everyone's okay out here in this weather.>  His thoughts came to a 
crashing halt when a nearby tree disintegrated with a loud explosion and a 
shower of bark and splinters.  The shockwave sent him to the ground 
forcefully as he yelped.
	As he slowly came to his feet, he saw Arcese, Ryoko, and Washu 
rushing towards him, concerned looks on their faces.  "Tenchi, are you 
alright?" Ryoko shouted.
	"Yeah, I'm okay," Tenchi replied as he fully righted himself.  
"What was that all about?"
	"That was my fault, Tenchi," Arcese confessed.  "I was practicing 
my energy blasts, and that one kind of got away from me.  Sorry."
	"I told you, you nitwit!" Ryoko spat at him.  "You have got to 
improve on your aim.  You almost killed poor Tenchi, you lamebrain!"
	"Hey, it was an accident!" Arcese said defensively.  "I said I was 
sorry!"
	"Sorry doesn't change the fact that Tenchi is almost dead because 
of you!" Ryoko snapped.  She gnashed her teeth at Arcese.
	"Look, you said yourself that my aim wasn't all that good," Arcese 
contended.  "That's why we have these little sparring sessions, right?"
	"It'll be a lot more than a spar if you ever do that again!" Ryoko 
roared in response.  She tensed up and looked like she was about to attack 
him.
	"Ryoko, don't," Tenchi halted her.  "It's okay, really.  See?  I'm 
fine.  Don't worry about it."
	Ryoko, who had been paying attention to Tenchi's plea, leered over 
at Arcese.  "Just watch it, pal," she said caustically.  "You're already 
treading on thin ice with me."
	"It was an accident!" Arcese insisted.
	"Alright, that will be quite enough," Washu interrupted, addressing 
Ryoko more so than anyone else.  "The important thing is that nobody got 
hurt.  And I think the question remains, Tenchi:  what are you doing out 
here to begin with?  You know how dangerous it is to be walking around 
on a battlefield."
	"Well, your training session lasted longer than normal," Tenchi 
said with a nervous scratch of the back of his head.  "I just wanted to come 
out and tell you that Sasami has breakfast ready."
	Washu looked at her watch.  "Wow, it is late," she observed.  
"Alright, let's call it a morning.  But please, Tenchi, be more careful, 
could you?"
	"Oh, you don't have to tell me twice," Tenchi assured her, the 
image of the pulverized tree still fresh in his mind.
	"Alrighty, then," Washu replied.  "Arcese, come back to the lab 
with me, please.  I need to run over some numbers with you."
	"Sure," Arcese said.  He was about to look back and ask if Ryoko 
was coming, but he sensed that she did not feel like talking to him.  After 
all, there was no point in angering her further.  He bit his tongue and 
followed Washu back to the lab, leaving Tenchi and Ryoko to go back to 
the house at their own pace.
	As the two watched Washu and Arcese make their way to the 
house, Ryoko sneered.  "That guy really gets on my nerves sometimes," 
she revealed.
	"I noticed that you two don't get along," Tenchi observed.  "What 
is it with you and him?"
	Ryoko sighed and sat down on a rock.  "Haven't you noticed?" she 
asked.  "It's like he's trying to drive a wedge between us."
	"What on earth makes you say that?" Tenchi inquired anxiously.
	"Well , first of all, he was originally designed to kill me," she 
began.  "I don't take too well to that idea.  And he's always trying to fool 
me into kissing him.  Like the time Sasami got sick, he just picked me up 
and helped himself.  And lest we forget the day he impersonated you; that I 
still have a hard time forgetting.  And, most of all, for the past few weeks 
he and I have had to train together in the mornings, when he knows full 
well that I like to be with you when you get up.  I'm sick and tired of him 
ruining my time with you."
	"Don't you think you're being kind of unfair?" Tenchi asked, 
sitting next to her.  "I mean, with a very few exceptions, none of that has 
been his fault.  I, for one, can't really blame him for what's happened.  
After all, isn't the reason he's training because he wants to protect you?"
	Ryoko cursed to herself.  She still felt a little resentment towards 
Arcese for being appointed as her protector.  Often, that resentment 
manifested itself as the largely unfounded hatred she felt at the moment.  
Blinded by such emotion, she failed to see how ridiculous her accusations 
were, but nevertheless could not contest the fact that Tenchi was right.  
Still, she had a hard time admitting to herself that she was wrong, let alone 
admitting it to anyone else.  "Once all this is over," Ryoko said evenly, 
"I'm not going to let Arcese come between us anymore."
	"He's not trying to come between us," Tenchi assured her.
	"He may not be trying to, but he is," Ryoko said.  "And once he's 
finished his job of protecting me, he'd better stay out of my way."
	"Ryoko, don't talk like that," Tenchi pleaded.  "He's a decent guy, 
really.  Actually, I'm sure he thinks very highly of you."
	"Really?" Ryoko asked coldly.  "Is that why he thinks he needs to 
baby-sit me?"
	"Well, you know that Washu is very concerned about this whole 
situation," Tenchi said.  "I'm sure that Arcese wouldn't interfere in any 
kind of a fight if he thought that there was another way."
	Ryoko sighed.  "I just want this all to be over," she said.  "How 
many trials must we go through before we can just live out our lives in 
peace?  Can't we just enjoy our time together anymore?  Just settle down 
to a quiet life?"
	Tenchi was shocked.  Did he just hear Ryoko say she wanted to 
live a quiet life?  She never seemed to be the kind to want to settle down.  
He had always thought that living with him was just a brief stop in her life 
before she would want to begin traipsing around the universe again, 
leading him along by the arm.  Tenchi couldn't get past it.  Ryoko settled 
down; what a concept!
	Ryoko scooted close to Tenchi and put an arm around his waist.  
"I'm cold, Tenchi," she said, pressing against him.  "Maybe we should go 
inside."
	Tenchi felt funny, as he so often did when Ryoko was in such close 
proximity to him.  However, this time, it was different.  It wasn't an 
uncomfortable, nervous feeling, but something that at once excited him 
and made him at ease.  He looked down at Ryoko, not really sure what had 
overtaken him.  Maybe it was the way the soft morning sun glinted off her 
hair, or maybe it was the way she sighed softly and stared off into the 
distance.  Maybe it was the softness of her arm around his waist, or maybe 
it was simply what she had said before about wanting to lead a quiet life.  
Something compelled him to speak.  "Ryoko?" he asked softly.
	"Yes?" she responded, turning her soft amber eyes to him.
	"Ryoko, I..." Tenchi began, still unsure if he could find words.  "I 
think that... you should know that... well, I...  I... what I mean to say is..."
	"Tenchi, what is it?" Ryoko asked with concern.
	Tenchi kept moving his jaw up and down, but no more words 
emerged from his mouth.  There was so much that he wanted to say, but 
found himself unable to articulate.  His mind tried feverishly to jump-start 
his mouth, but it, too, failed him.  However, there was more than one way 
to communicate.  He pulled her towards him ever so gently and kissed her.
	Ryoko was so shocked that, for a few moments, she had no idea 
what was going on.  She felt dizzy and lightheaded, just staring at Tenchi 
as his lips made contact with her own.  She felt that what was happening 
could not be real, but at the same time knew that what she was 
experiencing was sweeter than any dream.  When she finally realized fully 
what was happening, she closed her eyes and snaked her other arm around 
Tenchi, lightly grasping the back of his head.  She pulled herself closer 
and moaned softly.  One thing was for sure; she certainly wasn't feeling 
cold anymore.
	Tenchi felt so many ways at the same time.  He felt as though a 
tremendous weight had been lifted from him.  For a long while, he 
wondered what it would be like to kiss Ryoko; that is, to really kiss her.  
Now, holding her in his arms, on his terms, of his own free will, it was the 
most wonderful feeling he had ever experienced.  It was a moment that 
would end in time, but would live forever in his memory and his heart.  It 
was a moment that he himself felt that his life was leading up to, and now 
found supreme joy in experiencing.  Loathe to end his embrace of the 
woman he loved, but knowing that they would have the rest of their lives 
to spend together, Tenchi pulled back from the kiss that changed both of 
their lives forever.
	Ryoko looked at Tenchi with love in her eyes.  "Oh, Tenchi," she 
said, "does this mean--"
	"Yes, it does," Tenchi cut her off.
	Ryoko grinned ear to ear and tightly hugged him.  "You don't 
know what this means to me!" she said joyfully.  "I was so worried that it 
wasn't going to be me.  I'm so happy!"
	"I'm glad," Tenchi said with a warm smile.  "It took me so long to 
make up my mind, I was afraid you were getting angry with me.  I'm sorry 
about that."  
	"Shh," Ryoko whispered as she put a finger to his lips.  "I would 
have waited a million years for you, Tenchi.  All that matters is that we're 
together, and that I love you."
	"I... I love you, too, Ryoko," Tenchi said, finally.
	Ryoko sighed contentedly and snuggled closer.  "I could stay like 
this forever," she said.
	"We will, Ryoko," Tenchi said as he stroked her hair.  "We will."
	Ryoko then looked at Tenchi.  "So, when are we going to share the 
news?" she asked.
	Tenchi winced, as he recalled all five reasons why he had agonized 
about declaring his love.  "I don't know what we're going to tell the 
others," he confessed.  "Especially Ayeka.  She's going to take it hard, I 
know."
	"Tenchi, why are we all here?" Ryoko asked rhetorically.  "We got 
to where we are because we all stuck together and worked things out.  This 
time will be no different.  I know how you feel about the others, Tenchi, 
and I'm not far from feeling the same way.  We'll all be there for each 
other."
	Tenchi smiled back at her.  She had matured so much, and grown 
into the woman that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.  Still, that 
life would feel very empty without his friends being a part of it.  "You're 
right," Tenchi said.  "I guess the sooner the better.  Let's tell them at 
breakfast."
	"Which happens to be right now," Ryoko said as she leapt up.  She 
took Tenchi's hand and began leading him back to the house.  Tenchi 
rethought his former position, and came to realize that it wouldn't be so 
bad if Ryoko led him by the arm just a little.

Chapter 2:  Decision

	In Washu's lab, Arcese suddenly perked up and let out with a 
muffled gasp.  Washu noticed this.  "What is it?" she asked.
	"I think," he began, "that you'll find out soon."  Washu wrinkled 
her brow in confusion at Arcese's statement.  "Breakfast will be in a few 
minutes," he continued.  "I think I'll sit in today.  It would be a good idea 
if you did the same."  With that, Arcese stood up and quietly glided out of 
the lab, leaving Washu to look on in bewilderment.
	"What's gotten into him?" she asked aloud.  Still, for some reason, 
she felt as though she should comply.  She put down her work and made 
her way to the breakfast table.
	Tenchi and Ryoko were the last to sit down.  Before Sasami could 
serve the food, Tenchi stood up and asked for everyone's attention.  "I was 
debating whether or not to tell all of you individually," he said, "but I 
decided it would be better if we were all together."  For a brief moment, 
his eyes were drawn to Arcese, who leaned against the wall.  He looked at 
him and nodded, indicating he knew what news was coming.  Tenchi 
nodded back to him, then turned his eyes back to the others.  "I know that 
this has taken me a while, but it was an important decision that I had to 
think about very carefully.  You've all been very patient, and I thank you 
for that.  I've finally chosen who I want to be with, and it's Ryoko."  
Tenchi looked at Ryoko, who smiled back happily.
	Arcese pursed his lips.  All at once, he felt, to various degrees, five 
hearts breaking.  It was a difficult episode to experience; he knew how all 
the girls felt about Tenchi, and this news was definitely a compromise to 
those feelings.
	Washu smiled thinly and leaned back in her chair.  "Well, it's 
about time," she said.  "I was wondering if middle age was going to creep 
up on us before you made up your mind."  Washu tried to mask her 
disappointment.  However, it was easy to accept, because she knew that 
Ryoko cared for Tenchi a great deal, possibly more than she ever could.  
She knew that they were right for each other.  Her smile widened as she 
thought of the happy life that they would lead together.
	"Congratulations!" Sasami said excitedly.  "I'm happy for you."  
She promptly rushed over to Tenchi and hugged him.  "I know you two 
will make a great couple."
	"Thank you, Sasami," Tenchi said as he returned her hug.  Sasami 
was truly happy for them, knowing that the decision would do little to 
impact her relationship with Tenchi.  Her interest in him had never really 
evolved into anything more than a schoolgirl's crush.  Even having chosen 
Ryoko over her, he would still be the big brother figure in her life, a role 
that she was glad he had undertaken.  She then rushed to Ryoko and 
hugged her in the same manner.
	"I'm glad you two have found each other," Kiyone said.  
"Congratulations."  Kiyone smiled warmly, despite the fact that she was 
exceedingly disappointed.  After living so long without someone to share 
her life with, she felt that Tenchi might have been the one she was waiting 
so long for.  Her heart became heavy with the knowledge that she would 
have to wait longer.  Still, seeing Tenchi with a smile on his face made her 
feel good, so she really had no choice but to share in his joy.
	Mihoshi was too moved to speak.  She merely sat looking at the 
happy couple, her hands clasped and eyes wide.  She, too, realized that it 
was not a foregone conclusion that Tenchi would choose her, but her 
happiness was mixed with a sadness, as well.  She had always held a secret 
hope that Tenchi would sweep her off her feet, and they would go off into 
the sunset together; just like on TV.  However, as Mihoshi so often found 
out, things didn't always turn out the way they did on TV.  As far as real 
life was concerned, though, this was a happy ending.  "This is so nice," 
was all she could say, and with considerable effort.
	From his position against the wall, Arcese examined the emotions 
of the girls.  They were all happy, and they were all sad.  When he got to 
Ayeka, however, his heart sank; her feelings were of alienation and defeat.  
He looked at her as she tucked her hands behind her and gave the fakest of 
smiles to Tenchi and Ryoko as she said, "I'm sure you will be very happy 
together.  I wish you both the best."  A single tear slid down her cheek.  
Her tumultuous emotional state was too much for Arcese to bear; it was 
far greater than any pain he had experienced on his own.  He shut his eyes 
tightly to try and block it out, but he could not.  It was overpowering, and 
utterly consumed him.  It was horrible.
	"Excuse me, I have to leave," Arcese said quickly as he breezed 
out of the kitchen, trying to put enough distance between himself and the 
terrible agony he was sensing from the princess.  The others watched him 
walk out the door in curiosity.
	"What's gotten into him?" Washu asked.
	"I'm not sure," Kiyone confessed.
	Tenchi cleared his throat, and once again six sets of eyes were on 
him.  "Now that I've finally said that," he said, "I don't want this to 
change anything between us.  I value you all as my closest friends, and, of 
course, you are all more than welcome to continue living here as long as 
you like.  Just because I want my life to be with Ryoko doesn't mean I 
don't all want you as a part of it, too.  You all mean a lot to me.  That's 
why this decision was so difficult for me to make.  Please, don't think that 
I care any less about any of you."
	"Of course not, Tenchi," Kiyone said with a smile.  "We care about 
you, too, and we would never think anything like that."
	"Yeah, we're behind you all the way, Tenchi!" Mihoshi interjected 
enthusiastically.
	"Oh, I almost forgot!" Sasami said as she rushed over to the 
platters of food on the counter.  "Breakfast is getting cold!"
	With that, breakfast commenced, as the conversation was abuzz 
about the latest exciting development.  Words flew across the table, 
begging to learn every last detail of Tenchi and Ryoko's relationship.  All 
ears hungrily drank in what was told to them.  All except Ayeka, who 
merely sat quietly and picked at her food, her fabricated smile still frozen 
and lifeless on her face.

	After breakfast, and a final congratulation to Tenchi and Ryoko, 
Washu decided to catch up with Arcese in an attempt to find out what had 
distressed him so much.  He seemed to be upset about something, but 
couldn't figure out what.  The morning had turned out to be a joyful 
occasion, at least by her standards.  Curiosity and concern for the android 
caused her to search for him around the house.
	She finally found him, out on the balcony, staring at the ice-
rimmed surface of the lake.  She slid open the door, and shivered once as 
the cold morning air enveloped her.  She leaned on the railing next to him.  
"You okay?" she asked.
	"I'm fine," Arcese said, still looking at the lake.
	"So, what got you so upset back there?" Washu inquired.  "Don't 
tell me you wanted Tenchi to choose you."
	Arcese couldn't help but laugh.  "No, no, it's nothing like that," he 
chuckled.  "It's just that... Ayeka, she--"
	"Say no more," Washu cut him off.  "I could tell she was upset.  
Everyone could."
	"Yeah, I'm sure you could tell," Arcese said, "but you couldn't feel 
it.  I did, and it broke my heart.  That poor girl.  She feels so alone..."
	Washu nodded.  "I knew this would happen," Washu said.  "Ryoko 
would have felt the same way if Tenchi had chosen Ayeka.  Those two 
have been the biggest rivals from the get-go.  Granted, they developed a 
friendship, but I think underneath it all, they were still in competition with 
each other.  I was kind of hoping that, because of their friendship, Ayeka 
would have an easier time accepting this.  I suppose that was just wishful 
thinking."
	"Yeah," Arcese agreed.  "How about you; are you okay?"
	"Me?" Washu asked.  "I guess I'm okay."
	Arcese looked at her.  "I'm here for you," he said.  "You know 
that, right?"
	Washu smiled.  "Don't worry about me, Arcese," she assured him.  
"More than anything else, I'm glad it's over.  No more waiting."
	"But you love him, too," Arcese observed.
	"Of course I do," Washu said.  "That's why I'm happy for him 
now.  I'm happy that he's happy."
	This time Arcese nodded.  "They are happy, aren't they?" he said 
as his eyes turned back to the lake.  "But I still can't help but feel bad for 
Ayeka.  I hope she'll be okay."
	"She will deal with this however she sees fit," Washu said.  "Only 
time will tell."
	"Still, I want to talk with her," Arcese said.  "Maybe I can help her 
get through this."
	"This might be something she has to do on her own," Washu 
speculated.
	"But it hurts so much to see her like this," Arcese confessed.  "I 
mean, I know that Tenchi didn't mean to hurt her, but she really doesn't 
deserve this kind of distress."
	"Like I said, she'll deal with it however she needs to," Washu 
replied.  "The best thing you could do is help her when asked to, and leave 
her be the rest of the time."
	Arcese shrugged.  "Well, your guess is as good as mine," he said 
with a dumb smile.  "After all, I think I have successfully demonstrated 
that I have no idea how love works."
	"On many occasions," Washu said with a smirk.  "Now let's get 
the heck inside; it's freezing out here."
	"Not quite," Arcese said.  "It's 1.43 degrees centigrade, give or 
take a hundredth."  Washu shot him an annoyed look.  "But, hey, who's 
counting?" Arcese added quickly.
	"Just get in here, you walking thermometer," Washu said.  The 
walking thermometer did as he was told and followed the pink-haired 
genius into the house.  Upon entering he found Sasami in the kitchen 
washing dishes.  He made up his mind at that point to talk to Ayeka, 
despite Washu's advice.
	"Sasami, do you know where your sister is?" Arcese asked.
	Sasami paused from her washing to address him.  "She went up to 
our room after breakfast," she said.
	"Did she say anything?" Arcese asked.
	"No," Sasami responded simply.
	Arcese nodded.  "Thank you," he told her.  He then walked upstairs 
to the closed door that led to Ayeka's room.  She was still unbelievably 
upset.  Arcese guessed that she was probably crying, despite the fact that 
he could hear no sound emanating from the room.  He was determined, 
however, to speak with her, in the hopes of assuaging her feelings of 
abandonment.  He softly rapped on the door.  "Ayeka?" he asked quietly.  
"It's Arcese.  May I come in?"
	"I do not wish to be disturbed," Ayeka said from within.  There 
was a tremble in her voice.  "Please go."
	Arcese hung his head.  He still wanted to speak with her, but he 
certainly would not be well received if he entered her room now.  Perhaps 
waiting until tomorrow would be a better course of action.  "If you need 
anything, Ayeka," he said through the door, "please don't hesitate to ask 
me."  Ayeka gave no response.  Arcese could only hope that she had taken 
his offer to heart as he walked back down the stairs.  There was another 
person he felt he should talk to.
	He found him in the living room, talking to Ryoko on the sofa.  He 
walked in in the middle of their conversation.  "All I'm saying," Ryoko 
said, "is that it doesn't make much sense for us to have separate rooms 
anymore.  Why don't you move in with me?  I've got a nice, big, comfy 
bed with lots of give, and with posts that are perfect for tying things to, 
and--"
	"Maybe we ought to, uh, hold off on that," Tenchi said tightly.  
"Besides, I kind of like my room anyway."
	"Okay, then I'll move in with you," Ryoko offered.  "But I think 
that puny little bed of yours would break under the stress."
	"I intend to keep my bed in perfect condition, if you know what I 
mean, Ryoko!" Tenchi countered, visibly flustered.
	"Okay, then I guess we could use your floor," Ryoko said 
nonchalantly.  "Maybe your desk, the closet..."
	"Maybe we should talk about this another time!" Tenchi suggested, 
his face turning a little red.
	Ryoko only laughed and hugged him.  "Tenchi, I'm only kidding," 
she said.  "I don't feel like I need to try and seduce you anymore.  Still, I 
might do it anyway, just for old time's sake."
	"Great," Tenchi said exasperatedly.
	Arcese took this moment to make his presence known.  "I'm sorry 
to interrupt," he said, "but I need to talk to you, Tenchi.  Ryoko, could you 
excuse us for just a moment."
	Ryoko leered at him; she would not let this happen again.  "Not 
this time," she nearly growled.  "Anything you have to say to Tenchi, you 
can say to me."
	Arcese thought a moment.  "Very well," he said finally as he took a 
seat across from them.  "Tenchi, I'm worried about Ayeka."
	Tenchi sighed.  "I am, too," he said.  "I could tell she was really 
upset at breakfast.  I think I'll talk to her later."
	"We should wait until tomorrow," Arcese suggested.  "She's in no 
condition to talk right now.  Maybe once she has a good cry and a night to 
think things over, she'll be a little more receptive.  Let her be by herself 
for today, but tomorrow you should definitely talk to her.  For that matter," 
he continued, looking at Ryoko, "I think we all should."
	"Is she really that bad?" Ryoko asked.
	"Yes," Arcese responded flatly.  "In fact, I have never seen anyone 
this upset before."
	"This is all my fault," Tenchi said dejectedly.  "I tried so hard to 
stop this from happening.  Since you and Ayeka became friends, Ryoko, I 
was hoping that this wouldn't happen.  I don't want her to be like this; not 
over me."
	"Tenchi, don't blame yourself," Arcese said.  "You said yourself 
that you care about her, and that you will help her with anything.  
Tomorrow, you'll do just that, and everything will work out.  You'll see."
	"I hope you're right," Tenchi said.
	Arcese stood up.  "Well, that's all I needed to tell you," he said.  
"I'll let you two get back to whatever it was you were talking about."
	As Arcese walked away, Ryoko resumed their previous 
conversation.  "So, we were talking about our honeymoon," she recalled.
	"Yes," Tenchi replied, "and I still don't think that it's traditional to 
have the honeymoon before the wedding."
	"But we can make our own traditions, Tenchi," Ryoko cooed as 
she cuddled next to him.  "As long as we love each other, then I don't see 
what the problem is."
	"I just think that we ought to slow things down, here," Tenchi 
responded.
	Ryoko looked at him sardonically.  "Tenchi, I have patiently kept 
my hands off of you for quite some time, now," she stated plainly.  "Well, 
for the most part, anyway.  And now that you said yourself that you want 
to be together with me, you still want to wait?  Tenchi, how much longer 
is it going to be?"
	"I don't know, Ryoko," Tenchi said as he ran a hand through his 
hair.  "But I just don't think I'm ready for that just yet."
	Ryoko them got a devilish look on her face.  She brought her lips 
up to Tenchi's ear and whispered, "Gee, that's too bad.  Because I can't 
tell you how much I've thought about it.  All the nights I've spent lying 
awake in bed, caressing myself, imagining that it was your fingers that 
were working their magic on me.  My very body is set afire with passion 
when I think of us, writhing as one in a fit of supreme pleasure, making 
love to one another up one side of this house and down the other.  For 
hours, the most amazing ecstasy that has ever been imagined.  Hour after 
breathtaking hour, Tenchi."  She finished her taunting with a slow, 
deliberate lick of Tenchi's cheek.
	Tenchi looked like he had just been punched in the stomach.  His 
face was bright red, and he appeared to be struggling to breathe.  Ryoko 
stood up and ran her hand lightly across his cheek.  "I'll let you think 
about that," she said slyly, "to help you make up your mind."  She then 
walked away, swiveling her hips excessively.
	Tenchi all but drooled as he watched the nubile pirate exit the 
room.  A few more episodes like that, and Ryoko certainly would not have 
to wait very much longer for what she wanted.

Chapter 3:  Come Crying To Me

	Ayeka arose before the sun the next morning, after having cried 
herself to sleep the night before.  She wrapped a warm quilt around her to 
combat the chill of the morning.  Careful not to wake Sasami in the bedroll 
next to hers, she quietly stepped through the door.  Before shutting the 
door behind her, she took a look at Sasami, who continued to sleep 
peacefully.  <Goodbye, my sweet sister,> she thought.  <You shall make a 
grand empress someday.>  She softly closed the door.
	Before making her way downstairs, she took a look at Tenchi's 
closed bedroom door.  Had she not cried her eyes dry the night before, she 
may have erupted into sobbing at the thought of the unattainable 
individual who slept in the room.  However, her tears had been shed, and 
her mind was focused.  <Farewell, my beloved,> she thought to herself.  <I 
wish you all the happiness in the universe; all the happiness that I could 
not give you.>  She blew a kiss at the door to his room before she quietly 
plodded down the stairs.
	She turned on the light in the kitchen, hoping that the disturbance 
would not serve to wake anyone.  She procured a piece of paper and a pen 
from a counter drawer and sat down at the table.  She sighed; she had 
shared many happy times at this table.  On the paper, she wrote a simple 
message, and left it to be discovered later.  She arose and turned off the 
light.  In the soft darkness that precedes the dawn, she left the house and 
quietly closed the front door behind her, setting out for the lengthy walk 
that lay before her.
	Some time later Sasami awoke, and took great curiosity in the fact 
that her sister had woken up before her.  She dressed and went to find 
where she might be, but could not find her.  She began to become quite 
worried; her sister would not be one to venture outside in such cold 
weather.  Truly concerned, she rushed to Washu and Arcese as they 
emerged from the lab.
	"Ayeka's missing!" she said with distress.  "I can't find her."
	"You mean she's not still sleeping?" Washu asked.
	"No, she was gone when I got up," Sasami informed her.
	"Maybe she went out to get something to eat," Arcese speculated.  
"After all, she didn't come down to dinner last night."
	"I don't think so," Sasami replied.  "She usually just waits until 
breakfast."
	Washu sighed, speculating that Ayeka had just gone somewhere to 
be by herself for a while.  More in an effort to ease Sasami's troubled 
mind than out of genuine concern, she said, "Okay, let's wake everyone 
and tell them what's going on."  The trio visited each bedroom and 
informed the rest of the situation.  Everyone arose quickly and met in the 
family room.  Sasami continued to frantically search for her sister.
	"Who saw her last yesterday?" Tenchi asked.
	"I imagine it would have to have been Sasami," Washu said.  "She 
didn't leave her room at all since breakfast ended."
	"And she doesn't know where she is?" Tenchi inquired.
	"No, she says she has no idea," Washu said.
	"Oh, no!" Everyone heard Sasami yell from the kitchen.  She came 
running out of the kitchen brandishing a piece of paper.  "I found this on 
the kitchen table!" she said.
	Tenchi quickly grabbed the piece of paper from her hand and read 
it.  Everyone else caught a glimpse of it over his shoulder.  The paper 
simply read, "I love you all.  Goodbye."  It was written in Ayeka's 
sprawling, luxurious script.
	"Oh, God, she's run off!" Tenchi wailed.  "Where could she be?"
	"Surely she can't be leaving for good," Kiyone said with worry.
	"We have to find her!" Sasami said firmly.  "I want my sister to 
come back!"  She began to sniffle a little as she fell into the arms of the 
nearest person, who happened to be Washu.
	Washu stroked Sasami's hair lightly.  Her eyes turned to Arcese.  
"Can you use your empathy to find out where she is?" she asked.
	"I think so," Arcese said.  He had considered that option 
beforehand, but had decided not to, since he didn't want to compromise 
Ayeka's privacy if she indeed just wanted to be alone.  However, with the 
situation quickly escalating, there appeared to be no other option.  He 
concentrated on her emotional signature, attempting to pinpoint her 
location.  He did indeed find her, and was surprised to see that she was 
quite far from the house.  More than that, however, his attention was 
drawn to her emotional state.  He sensed something amiss, something dark 
and foreboding.  He thought hard about what state of mind could cause 
such emotions; it far surpassed mere sorrow.  Then, he caught just a flash 
of Ayeka's intentions, at which point all the color drained from his face.  
"Oh, my God," he gasped.  Without wasting another moment, he gathered 
a large amount of energy and took to the air, flying through the front door, 
smashing it to splinters.  The others watched as he flew with blinding 
speed into the woods.
	"What was that for?" Mihoshi asked.
	"I don't know," Washu said.  "But I think something is very 
wrong."
	Arcese was not in the habit of praying.  To begin with, he had no 
idea who he should pray to.  Having been created by another sentient 
being, he had no reason to believe that a supreme being existed.  He 
wasn't sure if there was a God, and, if there was, just how God applied to 
his life.  In this case, however, he took exception.  <Please, please, 
please,> he prayed to whoever might have been listening, <please let me 
get to her in time...>

	Ayeka stood overlooking the valley, gazing vacantly at the leafless 
trees that sprawled out beneath her.  It had been a long time since she had 
come here; not since the day she walked with Masato to distract him while 
the others set up his surprise birthday party back at the house.  She 
snickered, recalling what had happened when they both got up to leave.  
Losing their footing, they had both fallen down, Ayeka landing on top of 
him, staring into his gorgeous, bewildered blue eyes.  It had taken 
considerable willpower to prevent herself from kissing him right then and 
there.  She remembered fondly the night after the party, when she had 
given him the amethyst pendant--the color of her eyes that he could never 
draw right--and told him that she loved him.  Back on Jurai, the pendant 
still rested around his neck.  It was fitting that she should come back to 
this place; such peaceful memories.
	Her eyes drifted from the trees down to her feet.  She slowly took 
small steps forward until she found herself standing at the edge of the 
precipice.  She looked down at the sheer drop, and at the rocks that lay 
many meters below.  Her fear had long since vanished.  Now, all she felt 
was sadness, a feeling that she would be more than happy to leave behind.  
She tilted her head up and looked into the brilliant morning sky.  With a 
final goodbye to the world that seemed to take pleasure in causing her so 
much pain, she closed her eyes and fell forward.
	The air whistled through her ears as she fell, and its iciness stung 
her cheeks.  However, Ayeka knew that it would not be long before the 
pain, all of her pain, would be gone.  It was sad to her that she was leaving 
all whom she cared about behind, but there was nothing left for her.  
Ryoko had taken away what she had held most dear.  If life could be so 
cruel as to bring her so close to happiness, only to repeatedly tear her 
forcefully from within its grasp, she wanted nothing more to do with it.  
She was completely at peace as she fell, waiting for the rocks.
	The impact came with much less force than she had thought.  In 
fact, it was almost as though she had landed on something a lot softer than 
stone.  She felt none of the pain that she had suspected she might.  Another 
strange feeling overtook her as she felt herself no longer falling, but rising.  
Something was carrying her skyward.  She smiled, thinking that it was an 
angel who had been sent to retrieve her poor tortured soul into heaven.  
She nestled more snugly in the arms of the one who would deliver her into 
everlasting serenity.  Just as abruptly as her journey skyward had 
commenced, it was over, as she felt her feet being set on solid ground.  
Curious, she opened her eyes.
	"Arcese!" she blurted, the android tightly gripping her shoulders.  
"What... what..."
	"Ayeka, are you crazy!?" Arcese shrieked.  "What the hell do you 
think you're doing!?"
	Suddenly it became clear to Ayeka what must have happened.  
Arcese caught her before she had hit the rocks, and had brought her back 
to the top of the cliff.  Angry, she exploded from Arcese's tight grip and 
turned her back to him.  "Get away from me!" she thundered.
	"Do you have any idea what you just did?" Arcese asked.  "You 
almost got killed!"
	"Yes," Ayeka replied.  "Now, leave me be!"
	"Ayeka, you can't be serious!" Arcese shouted.  "I know you're 
upset, but this is not what you want to be doing right now!"
	"It is exactly what I want!" Ayeka insisted.  "It's the only way."
	"No, it's not," Arcese tried to persuade her.  "Look, you know 
Tenchi still cares about you--"
	"Don't you get it?" Ayeka snapped.  "This isn't just about Tenchi.  
This has been happening my whole life!"
	Arcese raised an eyebrow.  Apparently, he had hit upon something.  
"What do you mean?" he asked, trying to get her to talk.
	Ayeka took a deep breath.  "First it was Yosho," she said.  "I was 
to marry him when I came of age.  After being lost to me for seven 
hundred years, I find him here on Earth, living a perfectly happy life that 
didn't include me in any way.  I resented him so much for abandoning me 
the way he did, not caring that I feared that he might be dead.  I thought 
that I would be able to fulfill that destiny with his grandson, but, as if fate 
decided to play a cruel joke on me, in came the others.  Especially Ryoko.  
It tore me apart that I seemed destined to be with him, but that his 
attentions were so divided.  It was getting to where I couldn't stand it.
	"Then I met Masato.  I turned him away at first; the idea of a 
commoner suiting a princess did not appeal to me.  However, over time he 
awakened a human side in me that I did not know that I had.  He showed 
me how to be a person first, and a princess second.  He allowed me to be 
the person who I wanted to be, as opposed to the person that I was 
supposed to be.  That more than anything else, the intoxication of freedom, 
is what made me love him.  His love for me was so complete and pure that 
it was so easy for me to return it.  If life were fair, we would have been 
married almost a year now.  Instead, I have to carry around in my head the 
look on his face as he died in my arms, leaving me to fend for myself in a 
world which I did not truly start to experience until I was with him."
	Ayeka turned her face to Arcese.  She was crying freely.  "Tenchi 
was my last hope," she continued.  "Over the years I've lost so much.  He 
was the only thing I had left to hold on to.  But now that that hope is gone, 
I have nothing."  She shuffled back towards the edge of the cliff.
	"How can you say that?" Arcese asked.  "Have you stopped to take 
a look around you?  You live in a house where everyone thinks the world 
of you.  You have a sister that benefits from your guidance.  You have a 
special, uncanny friendship with someone who was once your greatest 
enemy.  And you still have Tenchi.  If only I could make you understand 
how much he loves you!  He would give anything for you."
	"Then why didn't he give me the only thing I wanted from him?" 
Ayeka asked.  "Was it so hard for him to give me his love?  Instead, he 
gave it to someone else."
	"Tenchi gives you his love everyday," Arcese assured her.  "You 
just might not see it all the time because he does it so much it seems like 
he's not even trying.  That's just the kind of person he is.  You can't blame 
him for that, can you?"
	"I can blame him for giving me false hope," Ayeka returned coldly.  
"For flagrantly driving a stake through my heart."
	"He tried so hard not to upset you," Arcese said.  "If only you knew 
how long he thought about how to tell you--"  Arcese suddenly cut himself 
off, not wanting to betray any more information than he needed to.
	Ayeka, however, was able to read between the lines, and 
considered the empathic abilities of the android.  Her eyes grew wide.  
"You knew, didn't you?" she asked evenly.  "You knew this whole time 
that Tenchi was going to choose Ryoko, didn't you?"
	Arcese sheepishly hung his head.  "Yes," he said, "I did."
	Ayeka stepped sharply up to Arcese and slapped him across the 
face.  "So you just kept your mouth shut and let him string me along," she 
accused.  "You just went ahead and let him set me up just so he could 
crush me.  You're no better than he is!"
	"If I had said anything," Arcese began, "you wouldn't have listened 
anyway.  You would have called me a liar and hated me.  I didn't want 
that.  Besides, I thought it best if you heard it from Tenchi."
	Ayeka turned back towards the cliff.  "I don't want to hear it 
anymore!" she said firmly.  "I am sick and tired of being unloved.  If I 
can't find love in this life, then maybe I shall find it in the next one."
	"You are loved, Ayeka!" Arcese pleaded.  "Believe me, I can tell 
that everyone here loves you very, very much.  And they would be upset 
beyond anything else if you went through with this.  Maybe it's not put 
into words as much as you'd like it to be, but you are appreciated and 
cared about, more than you can possibly imagine.  Do you really think 
Sasami wants to go on without a sister?  Do you think Ryoko wants to go 
on without a best friend?  Ayeka, no matter what you've been through, or 
will go through, nothing will ever change how much we all love you.  I 
can't tell you how much you mean to all of us.  Please come back."
	Arcese waited for a response, but none came.  Ayeka continued to 
stare down to the bottom of the precipice  He couldn't get a clear reading 
from her emotions; everything was so cloudy and confused.  He hoped that 
he had gotten thorough to her, but could not shake a sickening feeling that 
she might jump anyway.  Not knowing quite what else to do, he took a 
huge gamble.
	"I can't stop you," he said calmly.  "Oh, I'll be here to catch you 
now if you decide to jump, but if you really want to do this, you will.  It 
might be a day from now; it might be ten years from now.  The point is, 
there will be a time where no one will be there to save you.  So you're 
going to have to make up your mind now."  He stretched out his hand to 
her.  "You can either come back with me to all the people in your life who 
love you, or you can die alone at the bottom of this cliff.  Make your 
choice, Ayeka.  Life or death.  The rocks, or me."
	Arcese wasn't sure what he sensed from Ayeka.  It was such inner 
turmoil that he could not isolate one single underlying emotion.  It seemed 
as though she were reliving her entire emotional life in a few brief 
moments.  Ayeka would indeed reach her decision in a few moments, only 
he was not sure which decision it would be.  For the second time that day, 
and only the second time in his life, Arcese said a prayer in his mind.
	Ayeka took a step back from the cliff and sank to her knees.  She 
began sobbing heavily.  "I'm so scared," she whispered.
	Arcese knelt next to her and put his arms around her gently.  
"Change can be scary," he said softly.  "But you don't need to go through 
it alone.  We'll all gladly share in your bad times as well as your good 
times.  Everything is going to be okay, I promise."
	Ayeka could not help but turn around and wrap her arms around 
Arcese tightly and cry into his jacket.  Arcese looked down at her and 
smiled, knowing that, indeed everything was going to be alright.  As he 
comforted Ayeka he noticed that she was shivering.  With good reason; the 
morning was very cold.  He began to absorb just enough energy to fend off 
the chill.
	"You're warm," Ayeka said between sobs.  Arcese said nothing, 
and pulled her closer into him, deciding to let her cry her tears away for as 
long as she needed.

Chapter 4:  To Terms

	"It's all my fault," Tenchi said, clearly distressed, his head in his 
hands.  "How could I have let this happen?"
	"Tenchi, there was no way you could have known," Ryoko said, 
trying desperately to comfort him.  "You tried to make this as easy on her 
as possible."
	"And I failed miserably!" Tenchi wailed.  A few tears squeezed 
from his tightly shut eyes and rolled down his face.  "Now she's gone, and 
God knows where she is and if she's alright.  I just want her back!"  Ryoko 
put her arms around him and tried to mollify his distress as much as 
possible.  But even she knew that the only thing that would satisfy Tenchi 
would be to see Ayeka back safe and sound.
	"How long has Arcese been gone?" Kiyone asked.
	Washu checked her watch.  "Almost two hours now," she reported.
	"I can't stand this anymore," Sasami said as she stood up sharply 
from her chair, a tremor in her voice.  "I'm going to look for her!"
	"There's nothing you can do now," Washu informed her.  "Arcese 
is the only one who knows where she is, and he has the best chance of 
bringing her back.  The best thing you can do is stay here and wait for her 
when she does come back."
	Reluctantly, Sasami sat back down.  "I hope she's okay," she said.
	"I'm sure she'll be just fine," Washu said, trying her best to set 
Sasami's mind at ease.  In her own mind, however, she was not so sure.  
<Arcese,> she thought, <bring her back safely.  We're all counting on 
you.>
	"Why?" Tenchi asked, his face still hidden by his hands.  "Why did 
things have to turn out this way?  She shouldn't be doing this because of 
me!  I'm not worth it!"
	"Tenchi, don't say that," Ryoko said.  "Ayeka made her own 
choices, and so did you.  It's not fair to blame yourself for this."
	Everyone's ears perked up at the sound of heavy footfalls coming 
in thorough the doorway.  Into the house stepped Arcese, cradling a 
motionless Ayeka in his arms.  Everyone exploded from their seats at the 
kitchen table and rushed to him.  "Ayeka!" Sasami blurted.
	"Is she alright?" Tenchi asked anxiously.
	"What happened?" Mihoshi asked.
	"Shh," Arcese said quietly.  "Ayeka is just fine.  She's asleep now.  
I'm going to take her to bed.  I'll tell you all what happened once she's 
tucked in."  Without another word, Arcese took the sleeping princess 
upstairs and closed the door of her bedroom behind him.  Everyone 
downstairs let out with a collective sigh of relief.
	"Thank God!" Tenchi said as he sank into a nearby chair, his hand 
moving up to his forehead.  "I was so worried."
	Washu smiled and looked upstairs.  <I knew you could do it,> she 
thought.

	Ayeka slowly opened her eyes, and was surprised to find herself 
lying in her bedroll.  She quickly sat up, wondering what was going on, 
and was startled to find Arcese sitting in a chair next to her bed.  His 
kindly eyes had turned a shade of light purple.  "Ah, you're up," he said 
soothingly.  "I hope you slept well."
	"What... what am I doing here?" Ayeka asked.
	"You cried yourself to sleep in the woods," Arcese explained, "so I 
brought you back here where you would be more comfortable."
	"What are you still doing here?" she asked.
	"I just figured it might be better if you didn't wake up alone," 
Arcese responded.
	Ayeka looked bewildered, like she had just woken up from some 
fantastic dream.  The whole morning was a complete blur to her.  She had 
experienced such a whirlwind of emotions that, even after a long sleep, she 
felt drained.  She slowly sank back down onto her pillow and stared at the 
ceiling.  "Did I do what I think I did?" she asked.
	"Yes, you did," Arcese said.  "But I think I can understand why.  
I've never seen anyone that upset before."
	Ayeka sighed deeply.  "Tenchi," she murmured.
	Arcese slid off his chair and knelt next to Ayeka.  "I can't tell you 
how relieved everyone was when they saw me carrying you inside," he 
said.  "They were all so happy to see you.  They didn't care about anything 
else."
	"They all must think I'm crazy," Ayeka said, "doing what I did."
	"Well, I wouldn't say that," Arcese said wryly.  Ayeka raised an 
eyebrow.  "I didn't tell them what happened," Arcese confessed.  "I told 
them you were crying when I found you, and that you told me that you 
were just running away."
	"So... so they don't know...?" Ayeka trailed off.
	Arcese smiled and shook his head.  "That will be our little secret," 
he said.
	Ayeka returned his smile.  "Why do you take such interest in me?" 
she asked.  "My life is of little consequence to you, and yet you took such 
measures to save it."
	"All life is important to me, Ayeka," Arcese explained.  "Since 
I've come here, and since Washu was able to allow me to think and feel on 
my own, I have come to realize just how precious life is.  Everyone should 
be allowed to experience such a precious gift.  To end it just because 
you're going through some tough times would be a great injustice.  And, 
most of all, I did it because I would miss you.  I would miss your smile.  
Has anyone ever told you that you have a beautiful smile?"
	Ayeka blushed.  "My, that's very superficial of you," she said.
	"I value anything that brightens my day," Arcese replied.  He then 
stood up and walked to the door.  "Speaking of brightening days," he said, 
"There are some people who want to see you."  He opened the door and 
leaned out.  "She's awake," he said.
	Sasami, Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Yosho, and 
Ryo-ohki all stepped into the room.  Ayeka sat up as the procession 
entered.  Sasami quickly rushed over and hugged her.  "Ayeka, I'm so glad 
you're okay!" she said.
	"Yes, Sasami, I'm alright," Ayeka confirmed.  "Thank you."  Her 
eyes then met with Tenchi, whose own eyes were soft and watery.  A tear 
streaked down his cheek.  He knelt next to Ayeka and nearly smothered 
her in his arms.
	"I was so worried," Tenchi said.  "Please, Ayeka, never leave me 
again!"
	"I... I won't Tenchi," Ayeka said, a little surprised at his words.  "I 
promise."
	The next several moments passed in much the same fashion, with 
everyone expressing their relief that Ayeka was well and that she had 
come back.  In the back of the room, Ryoko stood with Arcese watching 
the scene play out.  "She must have been so upset," she said, "to just run 
off like that.  You know, maybe she just needs some more time alone."
	"Ayeka has had enough time alone," Arcese told her.  "I think that 
having all of her friends and family around her like this is the best thing 
for her."
	Ryoko took the hint, and made her way through the crowd to 
Ayeka.  She gave the princess a great big hug and told her how happy she 
was to see her.  She, like everyone else in that room, meant every word 
that she said.

	That evening Sasami made a very special dinner, with Ayeka 
named as the guest of honor.  The evening was made special by Yosho 
making a rare appearance at the table for dinner.  Even Arcese, who did 
not eat, had had a seat reserved for him, just to be able to participate in the 
family affair.  Conversation was of a very light and non-threatening nature, 
as everyone took pains to attempt to restore a certain degree of levity to the 
house.  During the course of the meal, Ayeka finally got around to giving 
Tenchi and Ryoko a heartfelt congratulation.  After the way he had 
embraced her earlier, Ayeka knew that Tenchi would never stop loving her 
just because he had chosen Ryoko over her.  Also, she knew that everyone 
else would never forsake her for any reason.  Arcese had proven that to 
her; after all, she could see it in his eyes.
	Ayeka found it ironic that it was at the very table where she wrote 
her final goodbye that her love for life and the people in it would be 
reaffirmed.  She often glanced to where the rice sat, which occupied the 
space where she had dropped the note.  In retrospect, she wondered how 
she could have ever conceived of the notion that no one cared about her.  It 
was so clear to her now, glancing around at the faces that laughed together 
with her, and looked upon her with such kind and understanding eyes, that 
all the love she could ever desire was right there.
	"So, Tenchi, when will the wedding be?" Yosho ribbed.
	"Grandpa!" Tenchi scolded.
	"How about tomorrow?" Ryoko asked eagerly.
	"I think it will take longer than that to plan," Kiyone said.
	"Oh, you're right!" Ryoko said.  "I'll have to pick out a dress, send 
out all the invitations, have a cake made, hire a caterer, reserve a church; I 
imagine that could take a whole week!"
	"Boy, talk about blinded by love!" Washu said.
	"Ryoko," Ayeka explained, "a wedding is something that takes 
months of planning.  In fact, on Jurai it is not uncommon to begin 
planning weddings five years in advance.  I see little hope of a successful 
ceremony being planned in a week."
	"Oh, really?" Ryoko returned.  "Then why are there drive-thru 
wedding chapels in America?"
	"There are?" Mihoshi asked.
	"Sure," Ryoko confirmed.  "There all over the place in Las Vegas."
	"What's so special about Las Vegas?" Sasami asked.
	"Apparently, it's some big gambling town in the middle of a 
desert," Ryoko said.  "I was thinking of visiting it someday.  You know, 
get some extra cash."
	"Well, a drive-thru wedding chapel certainly keeps with the theme 
of the town," Ayeka said.  "It certainly is a gamble."
	"You could have the ceremony at the shrine," Yosho suggested.  
"And, being a Shinto priest, I can legally marry you."
	"I can bake the cake!" Sasami declared.
	"And we can all be your bridesmaids!" Mihoshi offered.
	"I guess I could be the best man," Arcese said, "unless you had 
someone else in mind."
	"Well, it's settled, then!" Ryoko said as she hugged Tenchi.  
"We'll get married at your grandfather's shrine.  Oh, I can't wait!"
	Tenchi looked rather confused.  "Did I say anything about a 
wedding?" he asked openly.
	"Well, you're the one who wants to keep with tradition," Ryoko 
replied.  "And think about it; the sooner we have the wedding, the sooner 
we can have the honeymoon."  She traced a few circles on his chest with 
her finger.
	"Oh, jeez, would you two get a room already?" Washu asked with 
mock exasperation.
	"Believe, me, I would like nothing more," Ryoko said.  "How 
about it, Tenchi?  Your room or mine after dinner?"
	"Well, how about I go to my room, and you go to yours?" Tenchi 
suggested.
	"Well, if you're not sure about what room to use," Ryoko said 
coyly, "we could just meet halfway."
	"Wouldn't... wouldn't that put you in the hallway?" Sasami asked.
	"That's nothing you need to concern yourself with, Sasami," Ayeka 
said.  "I can assure you that Tenchi and Ryoko will not be using common 
areas in the house for... personal recreational use.  Isn't that right, Ryoko?"  
Ayeka shot Ryoko a sharp look.
	"Well, I can tell I'm the only adventurous one around here," Ryoko 
said.  "Besides, Ayeka, it's not like I wouldn't let you watch."
	"Is it just me, or did it just get really warm in here?" Arcese asked, 
tugging at his collar.
	"I wouldn't accept your offer anyway," Ayeka said with dignity.  "I 
find such exhibitionist displays very distasteful.  And I believe Tenchi 
would agree with me."
	"I just want to be able to sleep nights," Tenchi said.  "I'm not sure 
Ryoko wants to let me do that."
	"Oh, you can sleep any old time," Ryoko said with a flip of her 
hand.  "Besides, it's not like I wouldn't give you a break every now and 
then.  After all, I need my sleep, too."
	"Ryoko, you once stayed up for six days straight just because there 
was a good run of programming on TV," Washu recalled.  "That's 
frightening."
	"Yes," Tenchi concurred.
	"Man, it is hot in here," Arcese said.  His face was a vivid shade of 
red.
	"Well, I can't help it if I'm too hot to handle," Ryoko said with a 
seductive smile in Tenchi's direction.  Tenchi groaned and sank his head 
to the table.  There was no avoiding it anymore; one of these days, he 
would be in for a very long night.

	After dinner, Ayeka felt the need to be by her self for a moment, 
just to reflect.  In one day she had been to the bottom of the pit of sorrow, 
only to be resurrected to experience supreme happiness.  She leaned on the 
railing of the balcony looking out over the lake, a shawl wrapped tightly 
around her.  The moonlight that shone down from the crisp night 
illuminated her breaths into translucent apparitions that slowly floated 
from her mouth to disperse into nothingness.
	Ayeka was startled from her musings when she caught movement 
out of the corner of her eye.  She wheeled around and saw that Arcese had 
joined her at the railing.  He didn't speak; he only watched the moon's 
reflection dance in the smooth surface of the lake.  Ayeka resumed her 
former position and did the same.
	"Masato used to do this all the time," Ayeka said after a lengthy 
silence.  "Almost every night I would see him out here, just staring at the 
sky, or the lake, or the hills.  Sometimes I would come out here with him 
and we would just talk.  Other times, we would just stand here and watch 
the moon rise and never say a word.  It's really ironic that the simplest 
things we shared were the most precious to me."
	"Never take the little things for granted," Arcese said.  "Because, 
once they're gone, you finally realize just how much they did mean."
	"But the big things mean a lot, too," Ayeka replied.  "That's why I 
feel that I've lost so much today."
	"You haven't lost anything," Arcese assured her.
	"Perhaps nothing you can see," Ayeka said, "but a big chapter in 
my life has ended.  And I feel I must find a way to move on."
	"Move on?" Arcese asked.  "What do you mean?  Do you plan on 
going back to Jurai?"
	"Eventually," Ayeka answered.  "But not before Ryoko and Tenchi 
get married.  I need that closure.  Plus, I want to share in their happiness."
	Arcese carefully examined Ayeka's emotions.  He found that the 
disappointment that he had sensed earlier was present, but it no longer 
lorded over her.  Instead, he discerned a very secure peace of mind, as well 
as acceptance.  Mixed in was also a gladness for Tenchi, and a joy of just 
being alive.  Arcese smiled.  "It's really cold out here," Arcese said.  
"Maybe we ought to head inside."
	"You're right, it is freezing out here," Ayeka said, clutching her 
shawl more tightly.
	"Actually, it's below freezing," Arcese said.  "It's -1.22 degrees 
centigrade."
	"What are you, a thermometer?" Ayeka asked.
	Arcese was a little annoyed at hearing that.  "I am much more than 
a thermometer," he insisted.
	"You're right," Ayeka said with a snicker as she walked towards 
the door.  "You're also a space heater.  And a darn good one at that."
	Arcese hung his head and sighed.  "Great," he said dejectedly as he 
followed Ayeka inside.  "Now I'm an empathic appliance."
	"Arcese," Ayeka said as she turned to him, "I want to thank you for 
saving my life."
	"Ayeka, in the end it is you who has to save yourself," Arcese 
explained.  "I just got the ball rolling."
	"Nevertheless, I feel I owe you my life," Ayeka replied.  "For some 
reason you have been nothing but a good friend to me.  I don't know what 
I would have done without you.  Thank you so much."  She hugged Arcese 
tightly.  "I don't know how to repay you."
	"Seeing you at the dinner table tonight," Arcese said, "watching 
you laugh again and enjoy yourself, is all the thanks I need."
	Ayeka stepped back and regarded him with kind eyes.  "You are 
too perfect," she said.
	Arcese blushed.  "Well, I wouldn't quite go that far..." he trailed 
off.
	"Oh, don't sell yourself short," Ayeka returned.  "Someday you 
shall make a wonderful husband for Sasami."
	Arcese's eyes grew wide.  "H- h- hu- husband!?" he stuttered.
	Ayeka giggled.  "I'm only teasing," she informed him.  "But I have 
watched you two together from time to time.  You really care about her, 
don't you?"
	"Er, well, so I've been told," Arcese said tightly.  "Still, 
considering my inexperience with such matters, I don't think I have the 
authority to make that judgment."
	"Oh, I think you do," Ayeka said with a smirk.  "Your eyes just 
turned pink."
	Arcese rolled his pink eyes and turned his head away in 
embarrassment, which made Ayeka giggle again.  His embarrassment was 
heightened when Sasami walked into the room, Ryo-ohki sitting on her 
head.  She quickly noticed the look on Arcese's face.  "I'm not 
interrupting, am I?" she asked.
	"Not at all, Sasami," Ayeka said.  "In fact, we were just talking 
about you."
	"Really?" Sasami asked.  "What were you talking about?"
	"I think Arcese can explain it far better than I can," Ayeka said 
slyly.  She made her way to the stairs.  "I'll leave you two to talk about it."
	"Gee, thanks," Arcese said under his breath.
	"So, what were you two talking about?" Sasami asked anxiously.
	Arcese's hands began to tremble a little.  "Well," he began, 
searching desperately for a way out of the conversation, "we were just 
saying, um... that you were... er, uh, that you were... um, just a really nice 
person.  Yeah, that's it."
	"Oh," Sasami replied.  "Well, thank you very much!  I think you're 
a nice person, too, Arcese."
	"You do?" Arcese asked.  "Well, er, thank you."  Arcese suddenly 
was drawn to Ryo-ohki, who seemed to be smiling knowingly.  He 
searched the emotions of the cabbit, and found that she more than likely 
knew about Arcese's feelings towards Sasami.  He could only smile 
nervously as she meowed.
	"Don't mention it!" Sasami said enthusiastically.  She then 
bounded up the stairs to catch up to her sister, leaving Arcese standing by 
himself in the middle of the floor.
	Unbeknownst to him, Washu had been observing for a few 
moments.  She silently crept up behind him and put a hand on his 
shoulder.  "You see?" she said.  "I told you you liked her."  Without 
another word, she retreated back into her lab.
	Arcese tilted his head back and stared at the ceiling.  "Am I the 
only one who doesn't know how I feel?" he asked.
