Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  The proceeding story, though based on pre-existing characters, is 
the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
All original characters found herein are also the property of the author and 
may not be used without permission.  (Did that sound official?  I hope so.)

Note to Reader:  I have omitted a few minor characters, because their 
appearances would not have contributed further to content.  This saga is 
meant to be read after “The Masato Saga.”  If you haven’t read it you 
won’t be totally lost, but it helps.  As always, feedback is more than 
welcome, so please drop me an e-mail.  In fact, I insist.

Eyes of a Child

Chapter 1:  Cabin Fever

    “Washu, can I ask you a question?” Arcese queried.
    Washu was a bit startled.  She had been gathering data on Arcese’s 
mechanical structure for the past two weeks, working tirelessly in the 
laboratory.  During that two week span, Arcese uttered not a word; he only 
silently complied with Washu’s testing.  She had almost forgotten that 
Arcese had a voice with which to speak.  “What is it, Arcese?” Washu 
asked.
    “Why haven’t I been outside the house yet?” Arcese asked.
    Since his arrival, Arcese had barely been out of the laboratory, let 
alone the house.  Washu silently cursed herself; she had worked so hard to 
give Arcese his own emotions and feelings, and she was too wrapped up in 
her studies of him to consider that he may have felt cooped up.  “Well, I’m 
just anxious to gather all the information I can about you, Arcese,” Washu 
replied in a half-hearted attempt to justify herself.  “There’s a lot I can 
learn from you.  You are an amazing creation.”
    “I guess I understand,” Arcese remarked.  “But I really wish there 
was something more for me to see than these walls.  I really appreciate that 
you all are letting me stay here with you, and I feel I should at least make 
an effort to get to know all of you better.  I really can’t do that here.”
    Arcese had a point.  Again, Washu cursed herself for not taking 
Arcese’s feelings into account.  Arcese sensed Washu’s self-
disappointment.  “You don’t have to be so hard on yourself, Washu,” 
Arcese assured her.  “I know that my physiological makeup fascinates you 
to no end.  It’s understandable how you would want to keep me here.”
    “Well, for two weeks we’ve been doing what I want,” Washu said.  
“I guess I’ve gathered enough raw data to keep me busy for a while.  You 
go on ahead and grab some fresh air.”
    “You’re not going to need me for anymore tests?” Arcese 
questioned.
    “Not for a while,” Washu returned.  “You’ve been cooped up here 
too long.  Go and take a walk, or something.”
    “Okay, thanks.” Arcese said with a polite smile.  “Would you like 
to join me?”
    “Thanks, but no,” Washu replied.  “I’d really like to go over these 
test results.”
    “If you insist,” Arcese said as he made for the exit.
    “Arcese, one more thing,” Washu said before Arcese could exit.  
“You are your own person; never forget that.  You don’t have to answer to 
me or anyone if you don’t want to.  It’s very nice that you think about 
others so much, but in the long run you have to do what makes you happy.  
Let yourself be your guide in life.  I upgraded you so you could do just 
that.  Follow your own dreams.”
    Arcese carefully drank in what was told to him.  “Okay, I’ll 
remember that,” he said at length.  He then swiftly glided out of the 
laboratory, leaving Washu to her analyses.

    Arcese breathed a heavy sigh as he closed the door of the lab 
behind him.  Washu’s thirst for knowledge was admirable, but he was 
beginning to think that he would never see the light of day again.  Happy 
that he now had freedom of movement, Arcese jauntily made his way out 
the front door.
    The first person he came across was Ayeka, who hummed a tune as 
she hung some laundry on the clothesline.  Not wishing to startle her, he 
called to her while he was still some distance away.  “Hello, Ayeka!” he 
shouted from across the lawn.
    Ayeka brought her eyes up from her work.  “Oh, Arcese!” she said 
with surprise.  “What are you doing out?”
    “I asked Washu if I could take a break from all that testing,” 
Arcese replied as he approached the princess.  “So, how are you today, 
Ayeka?”
    “Very well, thank you,” Ayeka said, then added with a chuckle, 
“But I suppose you knew that already.  I mean, you are empathic, aren’t 
you?”
    “I am,” Arcese confirmed, “but it would still be very rude of me 
not to ask.”
    Ayeka chuckled, then cast her eyes to the ground.  “You must 
know a lot about me,” she said.  “Being able to tell what I’m feeling.”
    “It doesn’t quite work that way,” Arcese explained.  “What I read 
is the emotion that is most prominent at the moment.  For example, right 
now you’re feeling cautious towards me, probably because you’re 
uncomfortable with my empathic abilities, or maybe just because you 
don’t know me very well.  All the other emotions you may be having are 
kind of lumped together in the background.  I know they’re there, but I 
can’t make heads or tails of them.”
    “So you don’t know... everything?” Ayeka queried.
    “Absolutely not,” Arcese announced.  “I guess more than anything, 
I use your emotions to help me know who and where you are.  For 
example, I can tell that Tenchi is in his room, Yosho is in the shrine, 
Kiyone and Mihoshi are on patrol, Washu is in the laboratory, and Ryoko, 
Ryo-ohki, and Sasami are watching television.”
    “Amazing,” Ayeka marveled.  “How were you able to find 
everyone without seeing them?”
    “It would be really hard for me to try and explain it,” Arcese said.  
“For me, it’s kind of like a reflex.  Washu explained it to me, and she says 
that everyone has what she calls an ‘emotional footprint;’ a basic pattern 
of emotions that characterizes an individual.  I simply tune in to that, and I 
can get a fairly accurate reading of where everyone is in relation to me.”
    “Sort of like second sight,” Ayeka interjected.
    “I suppose that’s a good way to describe it,” Arcese said with a 
smile.
    “So, what’s my emotional footprint like?” Ayeka asked, truly 
curious as to how her emotions were viewed by one with such an insider’s 
knowledge.
    “It’s hard for me to put into words,” Arcese confessed.  “I guess 
the most outstanding feature of it is a sadness.  It’s a sadness I feel from 
everyone in the house, but it’s strongest from you.  It’s a dreadful, empty 
feeling.  I can’t begin to guess what caused it, but I can only imagine how 
horrible it was.”
    Ayeka nodded slowly.  She knew exactly what Arcese was 
referring to.  “It was horrible,” Ayeka confirmed.
    “Would you mind telling me what it was?” Arcese inquired.  “I 
must say, I’m very curious.”
    Ayeka breathed deeply.  Though in her heart she had come to 
uneasy terms with the death of her fiance, she still felt very uncomfortable 
talking about it.  Around the house, it was a subject that was not discussed 
openly, because of all the emotional scars that would be reopened.  Ayeka 
felt that she was not yet healed enough to talk about it.  “I really don’t 
think I want to tell you, Arcese,” she almost whimpered.
    As Ayeka spoke, Arcese could feel the sadness he sensed in her 
almost completely take over.  A deep melancholy flared up, and Arcese 
silently scolded himself for being the catalyst that renewed Ayeka’s 
misery.  “I’m sorry, Ayeka,” he said in his most comforting voice.  “I 
shouldn’t have brought it up.  I didn’t realize how deeply it affected you.”
    “No, it’s alright,” Ayeka said as she straightened up.  “It’s just that, 
well... I just...”
    “You don’t feel comfortable telling me,” Arcese finished, sensing 
again Ayeka’s caution towards him.  “I understand.  I hope that we can get 
to know each other well enough so that you’ll confide in me, though.”
    Ayeka was satisfied; obviously, Arcese didn’t know everything.  
Arcese’s hopes were a far cry from her own.  “I hope so, too,” was all she 
could say as she flashed him a fake smile.  Arcese returned her smile, but 
his was genuine.
    “I was planning on taking a walk through the woods this 
afternoon,” Arcese announced.  “Would you like to join me?”  Arcese 
already knew the answer; he only asked as a gesture of friendship.
    “Well, actually, I’m quite busy,” Ayeka said.  That was not the 
whole truth, however.  Mainly, Ayeka declined because she still felt very 
uncomfortable around Arcese.  “Perhaps my sister would like to go with 
you.”
    “Okay, I’ll ask,” Arcese said as he turned to leave.  “Thank you, 
Ayeka.”
    “You’re welcome,” Ayeka said reflexively, unsure of just what she 
had been thanked for.

Chapter 2:  Feelings Made Public

    As Arcese had earlier revealed, Ayeka’s sister and Ryoko were 
both watching television, with Ryo-ohki perched on the top of the couch, 
only paying half attention.  As Arcese approached the three, Ryo-ohki 
gave a curious meow.  Ryoko and Sasami both turned around, breaking 
their gaze from the television.  “Oh, hi, um...” Sasami trailed off, 
forgetting the name of their newest guest for the moment.  It had been two 
weeks, after all.
    “Arcese,” he completed.  How are you today?”
    “Great, thanks,” Sasami replied enthusiastically, a wide smile 
across her face.  Arcese could not help but widen his own smile.  Sasami’s 
disposition was so warm and accommodating, he could not help but feel 
much more at ease in a house filled with people he barely knew.  And, yet, 
through all her childlike innocence, he sensed a maturity that transcended 
her age.  Instantly, he recognized Sasami as s very complex and intriguing 
individual.
    “So, how loud did you have to scream before Washu stopped 
testing you?” Ryoko asked coyly.
    “There was no screaming involved,” Arcese replied.  “All I had to 
do was ask.”
    “Well, that’s uncharacteristic of Washu,” Ryoko thought aloud.  
“I’m surprised she didn’t keep you locked in a cage, or something.  
Consider yourself fortunate.”
    “Since I’ve been here, Washu has treated me with nothing but 
respect,” Arcese said.
    “Does it have anything to do with her giving you emotions?” 
Sasami asked.
    “Maybe,” Arcese speculated.  “Now that you mention it, I did 
notice something strange about her while she tested me.  When I first met 
her, I sensed an emptiness in her.  Since she began to experiment on me, it 
seems that that emptiness has lessened.  It’s still there, but it’s smaller.”
    “Maybe Washu sees you as her adoptive son,”  Sasami suggested.
    Arcese was taken aback.  “Why would she think that?” he asked.
    As Sasami regarded him with her gaze, Arcese drank in her 
expressive pink eyes.  “Well, Washu is the one that helped you get well 
again,” Sasami said.  “It’s really because of her that you’re alive, I guess.  
Maybe that has something to do with it.”
    Arcese’s brow wrinkled in thought as he considered what had been 
told to him.  “Interesting,” was all he could say.  As it was, Arcese was 
very unsure of his place.  The thought of being considered a family 
member, especially because of his physical makeup, had seemed 
somewhat out of reach.  To be told that he was considered someone’s son 
was very shocking, and a bit unbelievable.  He searched Sasami’s 
emotions to see if she was telling the truth.
    Not only did he find that she meant no malice by saying what she 
did, but the caution that he had sensed in Ayeka was completely 
nonexistent in Sasami.  She seemed perfectly calm and unthreatened.  
“You’re not intimidated by me in the least, are you?” he more said than 
asked.
    Sasami giggled.  “Why should I be?” she asked innocently.  
“Washu seems to trust you, and she’s awfully smart.  If she trusts you, then 
I guess I can, too.”
    “Besides,” Ryoko interjected a little coldly, “Sasami knows I’m 
here.  If you tried anything, I would tear you apart.”
    Arcese nodded slowly, a little puzzled at the comment.  “I can 
assure you that there will be no need for violence,” Arcese said to Ryoko.  
“I have no intentions of harming anyone.”
    “I’ll keep that in mind,” Ryoko said dismissively as she turned her 
eyes back to the TV.  “But I’m watching you, Arcese.”
    Arcese was more than a little disappointed that Ryoko should 
assume the worst about him.  However, upon searching her feelings, he 
discovered that it was not so much caution that prompted Ryoko’s words, 
but her protectiveness of Sasami, as well as of everyone else in the 
household.
    “Ryoko, that wasn’t a nice thing to say!” Sasami scolded.  “I think 
Arcese is a nice person.”
    “It’s okay, Sasami,” Arcese said quickly, trying to avert a possible 
argument.  “Ryoko’s feelings are understandable.  She doesn’t know me.  
Frankly, I’m not sure I know me, either.”
    “I thought Washu explained all that to you,” Ryoko said flatly, not 
bothering to turn from the TV to face him.
    “She told me what I am,” Arcese said.  “She didn’t tell me who I 
am.  I know that I was created and sent here to do something, but I just 
don’t know what.  What was I placed here to do?”
    “Isn’t that the eternal question,” said a voice behind the group.
    The three turned to face the foot of the stairs.  Ryo-ohki hopped up 
and turned completely around in midair to catch site of the speaker.  She 
meowed happily when she saw Tenchi.  “Tenchi, sweetheart!” Ryoko 
playfully squealed as she leapt from her seat and ran to him, clasping him 
in a firm but gentle hug.
    “Jeez, Ryoko, it’s only been a couple of hours!” Tenchi said 
loudly, referring to the last time the pair had encountered each other.
    “Every second without you is like an eternity to me!” Ryoko 
replied as she tightened her hold of him.
    “Gee, that’s flattering,” Tenchi said tightly, “but would you mind 
letting me go so I can get that glass of water I wanted?”
    “Stay right there!” Ryoko said as she made a beeline for the 
kitchen.  “I’ll get it for you, dearest.”
    “Er, thank you,” Tenchi said.  He assumed Ryoko’s former 
position on the couch next to Sasami.  “Anyway, Arcese,” he addressed his 
latest houseguest, “I couldn’t help but overhear what you were saying 
before.  About why you’re here.”
    “Do you have some idea?” Arcese asked.
    Tenchi chuckled.  “Sorry, can’t help you,” he said.  “You’ll have to 
find that out for yourself.”
    “But I can’t begin to guess what I’m supposed to do here,” Arcese 
said desperately.
    “Arcese, you’re not ‘supposed’ to do anything,” Tenchi said.  “You 
have to just let things happen and create your own destiny.”  Tenchi was 
cut off as Ryoko hovered from the kitchen with a glass of water in hand.
    “Here you are, my love,” she said breathlessly as she 
simultaneously handed him the glass and took a seat in his lap.  “Is there 
anything else I can do for you?  Would you like a pillow?  A foot-rest?  An 
erotic massage?  Oops! did I say that out loud?”
    Tenchi breathed nervously, being that Ryoko was apparently in one 
of her flirtatious moods, and also that she was in uncomfortably close 
proximity to his nether-region.  “Ryoko, could you possibly find a seat 
somewhere other than my lap?” he asked politely.
    Ryoko sighed.  “Fine,” she said dejectedly as she moved to the 
other side of the couch, disappointed that her advances were once again 
rebuffed.  She shrugged to herself; it never hurt to try.
    Tenchi took a sip from his water glass and turned again to Arcese.  
“As I said, you have to make choices for yourself,” he continued.  “You 
aren’t just given a place in life.”
    “Weren’t you?” Arcese asked.  “Washu told me about your royal 
heritage.  You are the crown prince of Jurai, are you not?”
    “Well, that’s my birthright,” Tenchi elaborated, “but that doesn’t 
mean that I’m necessarily going to do it.”
    Arcese furrowed his brow.  “So you’re telling me,” he began 
slowly, “that you’re going to purposefully avoid the task that you were 
born for... because you want to?”
    “Well, I haven’t decided quite what to do just yet,” Tenchi said 
with a light chuckle.  “But, if I decide that I do not want to be the emperor 
of Jurai, then I won’t.”
    “And you can do that?” Arcese asked.
    “Of course I can!” Tenchi said enthusiastically.  “My own 
grandfather did the same thing.”
    Arcese looked at Tenchi blankly.  He had a lot of trouble 
understanding how one could have a path so clearly outlined before him, 
and choose a completely different direction without severe repercussions.
    Sasami saw the confusion on Arcese’s face.  “He’s trying to tell 
you that you can do what you want,” she said.
    “That’s right,” Tenchi chimed in.
    “Huh,” Arcese grunted as he considered the true depth of his 
freedom.  With the help of Washu, he had been given a very precious gift:  
the power to choose.  He held his own destiny in the palm of his hand, to 
shape as he saw fit.  He marveled at how much control he truly had.  
Choice was not a power to be taken for granted, and Arcese was amazed 
that he should be afforded something that required so much responsibility.  
Despite the enormity of that responsibility, Arcese was confident that his 
choices would be the correct ones.
    “Well, then,” Arcese said after a pause, “I guess what I want is to 
take a walk.  Sasami, I would very much like it if you would accompany 
me.  I need someone to show me around, after all.”
    “Hmm,” Sasami said as she considered.  “I won’t need to start on 
dinner for a while, so I guess so.”
    Thank you, Sasami,” Arcese said with a hearty smile.  The pair 
exited the house for a short journey around the woods, leaving Tenchi and 
Ryoko by themselves.
    “Tenchi,” Ryoko began, looking at him with thoughtful eyes from 
across the couch, “why don’t you want me near you?”
    Tenchi almost choked on the sip of water he had taken.  “What 
makes you say that?” he asked in a tone of mild outrage.
    “Every time I get close to you, you push me away,” Ryoko stated.  
“Did I do something wrong?”
    “Well, not... not really,” Tenchi stammered.  “It’s just that you’re, 
um, you’re... a bit... aggressive, that’s all.”
    “Tenchi,” Ryoko said, “I don’t know how else to show you that I 
want to be close to you than by doing just that.  If I seem aggressive, it’s 
only because I want so badly to be near you.”
    Tenchi swallowed hard.  “Ryoko, we’ve been over this before,” he 
said.  “I really like you a lot.  I’m just not ready, that’s all.  Please, it’s 
nothing personal.  I used to do the same thing with Ayeka, remember?”
    “But, when you did it to Ayeka, I always thought that it was 
because you wanted to be closer to me,” Ryoko said.  “Every time you get 
my hopes up, it seems you just shove me aside.”  A tear began to slowly 
make its way down Ryoko’s cheek.
    Tenchi sighed.  Since the girls had all arrived at his house, he had 
been placed in a very awkward situation.  He loved them all so much; he 
took pains to avoid hurting any one of them.  Despite his best efforts, 
however, the girls--especially Ryoko and Ayeka--seemed to be in some 
form of emotional distress, all stemming from himself.  Sometimes the 
situation was almost too much to bear, causing Tenchi to lash out at his 
housemates during the few moments when no one was within earshot.  
Even though the situation was trying at times, Tenchi knew that he was 
well off having his housemates.  After all, what was the alternative; having 
never met them?  That would be a far worse situation, indeed.
    “I guess sometimes it seems like I don’t appreciate you,” Tenchi 
admitted solemnly.  “But, frankly, I just don’t know how to handle you 
sometimes.  I mean, one minute you’ll be sharing your deepest thoughts 
with me, and the next minute you’ll be clawing at my crotch like a tiger on 
speed.  I know you’re a very affectionate person, but sometimes I wish you 
would just tone it down a little.”
    “But, Tenchi,” Ryoko pleaded desperately, “I’m so worried that, if 
I don’t do something to win you over, someone will take you away from 
me.  I couldn’t live with that!  All I want is for you to tell me that you and 
I will be together forever!”  Ryoko broke down and began sobbing.
    Tenchi looked at Ryoko with pity in his eyes.  Ryoko was a decent, 
beautiful girl, and had the misfortune of falling in love with someone who 
was unsure where his feelings lay.  Tenchi wished that he didn’t have to 
put Ryoko through such distress, but it was really out of his hands.  He slid 
next to her on the couch and brushed away a tear with his hand.  “You’re 
so special,” he said as he smiled sweetly.  “How could I ever think of 
living my life without you in it?  Ryoko, wherever my heart leads me in 
the future, I promise, one way or another, that you and I will be together 
forever.”
    Ryoko lifted her gaze and stared longingly into the soft brown eyes 
of the man she loved.  The answer she was given was not quite what she 
had in mind, but it did make her fell better knowing that Tenchi cared 
enough about her to say what he did.  Her crying ceased and, as her 
breathing returned to normal, she lightly clutched Tenchi’s arm and laid 
her head on his shoulder.
    Tenchi was surprised that, as Ryoko held him, he did not develop 
the tight feeling in his stomach he usually did when she embraced him.  
For once in his life, he felt comfortable around her.  He reached over with 
his free arm and took Ryoko’s hand in his.
    Ryoko sighed contentedly as she felt Tenchi’s warm fingers 
intertwine with her own.  This was how she wished it could be forever.  
The two of them continued to hold each other, oblivious to the soft glow 
of the television that had gone unheeded for several minutes.

Chapter 3:  The Outside World

    Arcese and Sasami walked side-by-side down one of the several 
weed-lined towpaths that snaked through the woods.  They chatted merrily 
about the beautiful, sunny weather and the gorgeous greenery that 
surrounded them.  Arcese looked around him in silent wonder.  Despite 
the fact that Arcese’s knowledge of trees and plants, as well as the small 
birds that twittered among the leaves, was among the files that were intact 
after the crash, it was the emotions that Washu had given him that allowed 
him to appreciate what he saw on an entirely different level.  Had Sasami 
understood that, she may not have been so surprised when she looked at 
Arcese’s face.
    “Arcese, what happened to your eyes?” Sasami asked, slightly 
alarmed.
    “What’s wrong with them?” Arcese asked, not feeling as though 
his eyes were any different.
    “They’re... they’re green!” Sasami said.
    Arcese had no idea how to react to the news.  However, he was 
anxious to see for himself.  He bent over a nearby puddle and gazed at its 
reflective surface, and noticed that his eyes, which before were a light 
bluish-gray, were now a deep green.  “That’s strange,” Arcese said, almost 
nonchalantly.
    “What does it mean?” Sasami asked, concern still evident in her 
voice.
    “I’m not sure,” Arcese replied as he stood up.  “I’ll ask Washu 
about it later.”
    “I hope nothing’s wrong,” Sasami said.
    “I wouldn’t worry about it,” Arcese said as he kneeled down to 
eye-level with the pigtailed princess and smiled.  “I feel fine.  I’m sure it’s 
nothing.”
    “I hope you’re right,” Sasami said.
    Arcese again straightened up and said, “Let’s keep going.  I’m 
really anxious to see the rest of these woods.”  Sasami complied in silence, 
not able to bring herself to speak.  Why had Arcese’s eyes change color?  
He was a shapeshifter, but how come he did not change his eyes until 
now?  Arcese seemed surprised himself, so Sasami speculated that the 
change may not have been voluntary.  Did it have something to do with the 
green leaves that surrounded them on all sides?  Sasami could only 
wonder.
    Further down the path, Arcese stopped to look at a bird that 
chirped on a nearby branch.  Sasami watched as the bird noticed Arcese 
and seemed to inspect him.  Then, at short intervals, the bird deftly hopped 
from branch to branch, drawing ever closer to Arcese.  After several hops, 
the bird was stationed on a thin limb less than a meter from Arcese.  
Slowly, Arcese stretched his arm out until the tips of his fingers hovered 
mere inches from the bird.  With seemingly no hesitation, the bird hopped 
onto Arcese’s hand.
    Sasami continued to stare in fascination as Arcese slowly retracted 
his arm and brought the bird within inches of his face.  The bird cocked its 
head to one side and chirped.  It then leaned forward and lightly touched 
its beak to Arcese’s nose.  Arcese smiled and brought his free hand up 
from his side.  The bird again chirped as Arcese stroked the top of its head 
lightly with one finger.
    Sasami was in silent awe.  She had never seen a wild animal get so 
close to anyone willingly before.  What was it about Arcese that made that 
little bird so fearless?  Sasami took a step forward to get a closer look.  
The bird took off from Arcese’s hand in a flurry of wing beats and a noisy 
twitter.
    Sasami cast her eyes to the ground.  “Sorry,” she said.  “I scared 
it.”
    Arcese turned to her and smiled.  “It’s okay,” he said.  “Birds are 
naturally cautious.  I could sense that it was unsure of you.  It’s not your 
fault.”
    “But why did it come so close to you?” Sasami asked, curious and 
slightly jealous.
    Arcese shook his head.  “I’m not sure,” he admitted.  “I could tell 
that, for some reason, it was not afraid of me.”
    “It was afraid of me?” Sasami asked, a little crushed that a small 
bird should fear her.
    “Don’t take it so personally,” Arcese said soothingly, sensing 
Sasami’s distress.  “Like I said, birds are naturally cautious of others.”  He 
added quietly, “Kind of the way Ayeka is with me.”
    “My sister?” Sasami cut in.  “She’s afraid of you?”
    “I think ‘afraid’ is too strong a word,” Arcese said.  “Intimidated, 
maybe.  Definitely cautious.”
    “I wonder why?” Sasami asked, more to herself than to her 
companion.
    “I’m not sure,” Arcese responded.  “I just wish there was 
something I could say or do to let her know that I just want to be her 
friend.  I just want to be everybody’s friend.  You’ve all been so nice to me 
since I came here.  The least I can do is give you my friendship.”
    “I’ll be your friend, Arcese!” Sasami announced enthusiastically.  
“I think you’re a great person.”
    Arcese smiled wide.  “Thank you, Sasami,” he said.  “That means a 
lot to me.”  He could read nothing more than warmth and acceptance in 
Sasami’s emotions.  Sasami never ceased to amaze him; behind all of her 
complex maturity were emotions as simple and pure as those of the bird he 
had petted.  Despite all he was sure she had seen in her life, she still 
radiated an innocent and youthful vigor.  Arcese was mesmerized by this 
small girl who, through all the trials and tribulations of life, had remained 
unscathed and optimistic about the future and the people in her life.
    “Arcese, you did it again!” Sasami shouted quite suddenly.
    “What did I do?” Arcese asked.
    “Your eyes,” Sasami began.  “They changed again.  Now they’re 
pink, like mine.”
    “Really?” Arcese asked, more out of exasperation at being unable 
to determine the cause of the changes in pigmentation.  “This is getting 
weird.  Maybe we ought to head back.  I’d really like Washu to explain 
this to me.”
    “Me, too,” Sasami agreed.  “Although, I kind of like your eyes that 
color.”
    “You do?” Arcese queried.
    “Yeah!” Sasami replied with enthusiasm.  “I think pink eyes make 
you look kind of cute.”
    The corners of Arcese’s mouth turned up in a nervous smile as he 
experienced another involuntary pigment change on his face, a 
phenomenon known to humans as blushing.  Sasami giggled as she noticed 
Arcese’s cheeks flush.  Arcese didn’t know how to respond to Sasami’s 
declaration.  Normally, such a compliment could be construed as empty 
flattery, but Sasami’s emotions revealed that she meant exactly what she 
said.  He hoped that he would be looked upon as a friend, but cute?  That 
exceeded even his own expectations.
    “Come on, Arcese,” Sasami said as she took his hand and led him 
back towards the house.  “Let’s see if Washu can find out what’s going on 
with your eyes.”
    “Yeah, let’s,” was all Arcese could think to say as he was led from 
the woods by Sasami’s guiding hand.

Chapter 4:  Windows

    Washu chuckled as she inspected Arcese’s pink eyes.  “Sasami 
made quite an impression on you, didn’t she?” she asked coyly.
    “As a matter of fact, she did,” Arcese responded, having taken a 
seat on a metal table in the laboratory.  “But why did you bring that up?  It 
has nothing to do with my eyes changing color.”
    “Actually, it does,” Washu said with a snicker.
    Arcese raised an eyebrow at the pink-haired genius.  “What do you 
mean?” he asked slowly.
    “Okay, well I suppose I’d better come clean,” Washu began.  
“After I found out that you were empathic, I didn’t think it was all that fair 
that you would be able to read all of our emotions, but we would have no 
idea what you were feeling.  So, I created a program that I installed in your 
processor that causes your eyes to change color depending on what you’re 
thinking.”
    Arcese was dumbstruck at Washu’s audacity.  No matter how 
unfair it may have seemed that he should be granted a power that others 
lacked, he questioned the ethics involved in Washu’s actions.  “Have you 
taken any other... liberties with my programming?” he asked rather coldly.
    “Nothing you need to concern yourself with,” Washu assured him.  
“Aside from your eyes, I tried to keep you as human as possible in every 
aspect.”
    “I still don’t know why you had to give me ‘mood eyes,’” Arcese 
muttered.
    “Because it was a heck of a lot easier than making everyone else in 
the house empathic,” Washu replied almost flippantly.  “Besides, this way, 
we’re all on equal footing.  Once everyone knows that they can see what 
you’re feeling by looking into your eyes, I’m sure that they’ll feel a little 
more comfortable around you.”
    Arcese nodded slowly.  Washu did have a point, after all.  
Knowing how Ayeka and Ryoko felt about him, he softened at the 
prospect of being able to set their cautious thoughts at ease.  And so what 
if everyone else knew what he was thinking; he had nothing but the utmost 
respect for everyone in the household, and wanted nothing more than to be 
considered a friend.  Upon taking better stock of the situation, Arcese 
realized that Washu’s motivation was not unethical, at all.  In fact, it was 
rather admirable.  She had made him an equal.
    “If it really bothers you that much,” Washu continued with a tone 
of disappointment, “I suppose I could delete that program from your 
database...”
    “Don’t worry about it,” Arcese said flatly.  “What’s done is done.  
Besides, it might not be such a bad thing, after all.  All I want is to be 
accepted.  Maybe this will help.”
    “My sentiments exactly!” Washu said.  “I’m glad you feel the same 
way.”
    “Hey, Washu,” Arcese said suddenly, “have you had any luck with 
those damaged files you found?”
    “Sorry, no,” Washu replied.  “Whatever wiped your memory really 
did a job on those files.  It’ll take a while before I can reconstruct them 
enough to read them.  Sorry, but I just don’t know anything, yet.”
    “It’s okay,” Arcese said as he looked down at the floor.
    Washu put a hand on his shoulder.  “I know it’s hard not knowing 
who you are,” she said soothingly.  “I know it seems like you’re all alone, 
but we’re all here for you.  We want to help in any way we can.”
    Arcese nodded.  He at least knew that Washu spoke for herself; she 
had done so much to help him.  It would have been much easier to leave 
him as several viscous puddles on the charred ground.  However, with 
tremendous personal effort she deciphered his programming and gave him 
a chance to live a life.  He only hoped that he could make Ayeka, Ryoko, 
and the rest of the residents there a part of that life.

    After a dinner where Arcese reintroduced himself to Kiyone and 
Mihoshi, Sasami found herself next to the artificial being washing dishes.  
Arcese told her why his eyes changed color, and Sasami blushed.  He 
hadn’t told her exactly why his eyes had changed to pink, but she was able 
to put two and two together.  She was flattered that she should be the 
principle thought on Arcese’s mind.  She glanced over to him, and for a 
moment recalled another man whom she used to wash dishes with; one 
who also thought very highly of her.  One who was responsible for her 
being alive.  Sasami sighed deeply and looked away, returning to the 
mechanical motions of scrubbing dinnerware.
    Arcese sensed an uneasiness in her.  “Is anything wrong, Sasami?” 
he asked.
    “No,” she replied.  “It’s just... I was thinking of someone.”
    Arcese furrowed his brow.  He sensed in her the exact same 
sadness that had overtaken Ayeka earlier that afternoon.  Apparently, the 
sadness was the result of the individual of whom Sasami was speaking.  
Overcome with curiosity, Arcese asked, “Who?”
    Being naturally more open than her sister, and having no feelings 
of caution towards Arcese, Sasami began to speak.  “Someone who used to 
live here with us,” she explained as she paused from her task.  “His name 
was Masato.”
    At the mere utterance of his name, Arcese felt an incredible 
melancholy almost permeate the room from where Sasami stood.  This 
Masato had obviously meant a lot to both Ayeka and Sasami.  But why 
would thoughts of him conjure such sadness?  And, if the feelings between 
them all were so strong, why was Masato not here now?  In a flash, 
however, the answer suddenly came to him.  “He died, didn’t he?” he 
queried.  Sasami did not say a word, only nodded her head.
    After an uncomfortable silence, Sasami said at length, “He saved 
Ayeka’s life.  He died trying to protect her.”
    “That’s why Ayeka became so distraught when I asked her about 
it,” Arcese said more to himself than to Sasami.
    “That’s not the only reason,” Sasami revealed solemnly.  “Ayeka 
and Masato were engaged.”
    Arcese let out with a muffled gasp.  At last, Ayeka’s emotions 
were clear to him.  The feelings of caution that she harbored were not 
directed at him, but at everyone.  After losing the one she loved, she 
became so afraid of the pain of loss that she turned inward, and shut 
herself off from anyone who would come into her life.  It also explained 
her friendship with Ryoko.  Being immensely powerful and possessing a 
long lifespan, Ayeka would never have to worry about losing Ryoko.  
Arcese set the dish he was holding onto the countertop.  “That’s so 
horrible,” he said, referring to both Masato’s passing and Ayeka’s 
emotional state.  “No one deserves that.”
    Sasami’s eyes began to tear over.  “I really miss him,” she said.
    Arcese was completely absorbed in the magnitude of Sasami’s 
sadness.  From what he had heard, he assumed that Ayeka’s feelings ran 
far deeper still.  It was no wonder that Ayeka had removed herself from 
the world.  But, it was an injustice nonetheless.  Even though he had only 
recently been given the ability to feel, Arcese realized that it was an 
important facet of life.  Ayeka was depriving herself of such feelings, and 
it was not right.  Emotions are not something to be suppressed, to be 
squandered in favor of false peace-of-mind.  Arcese quickly spun around 
on his heels.  “I have to talk to Ayeka,” he said as he stepped out of the 
kitchen.
    Sasami snapped out of her reflection just in time to see Arcese exit.  
She wrung her hands nervously.  “I hope I didn’t upset him,” she said.

    After several minutes of searching, Arcese finally found Ayeka.  
His eyes caught her form as he brisked past the sliding doors which led to 
the balcony.  Her silhouette was an inky blue against the cool white glow 
of the rising moon.  He noiselessly slid the door open and stepped into the 
night.  “Ayeka, we need to talk,” he said softly.
    Startled, Ayeka spun around to see who was addressing her.  
“Arcese, you scared me,” she said, clutching her hand to her chest.
    “I want to talk to you, Ayeka,” Arcese said in a firmer tone than 
before.  “I want to talk to you about Masato.”
    Ayeka’s eyes widened in surprise.  Why would he bring that up?  
What was so important about it?  She swiftly spun around again to bathe 
her face in the moonlight.
    “Ayeka, please!” Arcese said.  Ayeka did not respond.  She 
continued to stare off into the distance.  What right did he have to know, 
anyway?  She should not have to discuss a very intimate part of her life 
with someone she had barely known two weeks.  In a wave of bitterness, 
Arcese sensed Ayeka’s countenance ice over.  It was clear that she wasn’t 
going to cooperate.  Nevertheless, he knew all that he needed to know.  All 
Ayeka had to do was listen.
    “He meant a lot to you,” Arcese began.  “I can tell.  Losing him 
was the most horrible thing that you should have ever had to go through.  I 
can understand your pain and your anger.  What I can’t understand is how 
you can let it rule over your life.  You’ve let the fear of losing those you 
love take over, and now you have put a wall around your heart.  Just 
because you might lose someone is not an excuse to push them away.  
What would life have been like if you had never known him?  Would you 
know happiness?  Would you know love?  If you keep running, you’ll 
never experience any of that again!”
    In the brief pause that followed, tears began to slip from Ayeka’s 
eyes.  As much as she didn’t want to believe it, Arcese was right.  But, in 
her heart, Ayeka wondered if she would ever be ready to admit it.  Masato 
had allowed Ayeka to free her emotions, break away from years and years 
of royal conditioning.  With him, she was not the crown princess of Jurai; 
she was Ayeka, and that was who she longed to be again.  But was it worth 
the risk of having her happiness snuffed out in one fell swoop?
    “You can’t hide yourself from the world,” Arcese continued in a 
more desperate tone.  “You’re depriving everyone around you of what I 
think is a good and decent person.  And I, for one, want to get to know that 
person better.  I don’t expect you to feel the same way about me as you did 
about Masato.  But I want to be there for you, Ayeka.  Why won’t you let 
me, Ayeka?  Why won’t you let me in!?”
    “Stop!” Ayeka begged as she began to cry uncontrollably.  “Please 
don’t say anymore!”  She leaned on the railing to balance herself as her 
mournful sobs began to echo out across the lake.  Why was Arcese saying 
these things to her?  Was he trying to hurt her?  No, he was trying to help!  
He had only said what Ayeka had known to be true in the back of her mind 
all along.  After releasing her feelings, after being allowed to be truly free, 
she could not stand to keep herself bottled up any more.  “Masato, why did 
you have to die!?” she wailed.
    “Ayeka, if there’s one thing I’ve learned in my short life,” Arcese 
said in a soft voice, “it’s that life doesn’t always turn out the way you want 
it.  But just because things aren’t going your way, you shouldn’t just give 
up.  Let me ask you something:  If you had known that Masato was going 
to die, would you have prevented yourself from falling in love with him?  
Could you have?”
    Ayeka did not have to think long about her answer.  One moment 
with Masato--one touch of his hand, one embrace from his arms, one kiss 
from his lips--was worth more to her than a thousand lifetimes.  “I guess 
not,” she said, wiping her tears away with the sleeve of her kimono.
    “Then stop torturing yourself,” Arcese pleaded.  “It’s not worth the 
pain.  Life is for living; all those wonderful emotions are meant to be 
experienced.  You owe it to yourself, Ayeka; everyone owes it to 
themselves.  Live, Ayeka.  Live.”
    Ayeka sat down on the rough wood of the balcony, determined to 
take Arcese’s words to heart.  The tears she had shed for Masato, the tears 
that she thought she would never stop crying, dried on her cheeks.  It was 
time to leave the past behind, and look to the future, wherever it may take 
her.  She felt that she finally had the courage to live.
    “I guess it might seem like I’m being a little hard on you, Ayeka,” 
Arcese admitted as he sat down next to her.  “It’s only because life is so 
precious.  It’s not something to be squandered.  I don’t want to see you 
waste such a precious gift.”
    “You’re right, Arcese,” Ayeka conceded as she snuffled.  “I just 
can’t help missing him.”
    “You’re not the only one,” Arcese revealed.  “Everyone in the 
house has had trouble letting go.  I mean it when I say that they share your 
pain.  And I’m sure, if you ask them, they’ll help you through yours.  
They’re there for you, Ayeka.  And, for what it’s worth, so am I.”
    Ayeka took a long look at Arcese.  Why did he take such an 
interest in her?  Did Washu program him that way?  Was he just a 
manifestation of Washu’s take on the household?  That was impossible; 
Washu couldn’t have known the feelings that she harbored.  Only Arcese, 
with his empathic abilities, was able to bring them to light.  As hard as it 
was for Ayeka to believe, it was obvious that Arcese had attempted to 
comfort her of his own accord.  The question remained, why?  She was 
completely puzzled as to why Arcese had singled her out.  Before today, 
they had only met once previous.  Was it possible that, in their brief 
encounters, he had somehow grown to care about him?  Ayeka’s confusion 
was compounded when the moonlight caught Arcese’s face, and she could 
see his eyes.
    “Is it just me, Arcese, or are your eyes purple?” she asked.
    Arcese chuckled.  “Actually, it’s more me than you,” he answered 
as he helped Ayeka to her feet.  “Come on inside; it’s a little cold out 
here.”
    As the pair made their way to the warmth of the house, Arcese 
smiled.  He had accomplished the only thing that he had wanted to do 
since he found himself among these people.  He had made a friend.
