As always I make no claim to the Tenchi Muyo characters and am not making a 
dime off this. I'm just
bored and like the show so I spend my free time writing fan fics. Stay tuned 
after the story for the
author's notes and my appologies for making you read my oppinion.

Prom Night
by, Clayton Overstreet (clayton_n@hotmail.com)


Part one

  Tenchi had come home from school for the last time. He had finally 
graduated and now was going to
learn how to take over his grandfather's shrine. His dad hadn't been too 
happy about it. He was hoping
that his son would get a job working with his as an architect, but he was 
alright with it. He understood
that Tenchi felt like getting into a nice, quiet life after all the 
adventure he had. Plus the fact that he might
need to leave the planet at any moment to fight aliens realy didn't leave 
time for a full time job.
  Tenchi himself however hadn't even thought of it like that. He had just 
decided that he wanted to be
like his grandfather. As he topped the steps leading to his house, Tenchi 
instinctively ducked as a streak
of light blue hair flew overhead yelling, "Tenchi, you're home!" He smiled 
as Ryoko looked at him a little
disapointed that she had missed, "Whats the matter Tenchi? Aren't I pretty 
enough to hug when you get
home?" Ryoko stuck out her bottom lip and pouted. Tenchi just couldn't stand 
to see her like that and
sighed, "Ok, one hug. But just a quick o..." He was cut off as Ryoko tackled 
him to the ground.
  Finaly she let him go, allowing him to breath again. As he lay there 
catching his breath, Tenchi stared
up at the sky, watching a passing cloud. Ryoko sat next to him smiling 
gently as she reached out to rub
his face. As always she leaned down and whispered in his ear, "Tenchi, why 
don't we run away
together? Just you and me? We could see the stars." Tenchi felt himself 
begin to panic, just like he
always did when confronted by the beutiful space pirate. He almost got up 
and ran away when a
thought struck him. If this worked Ryoko might tone it down a bit, if not... 
well he realy did want to
see the stars.
  "Ok Ryoko, let's go." He turned and smiled at her stunned expression. 
"Wha...what?" Tenchi grinned
from ear to ear, "Why not? Schools over, what else have I got to do? I'll 
just pop into the house, leave
a note and grab Ryo-oki. Then we can go on our trip and be back in afew 
years." Ryoko looked at him
shocked. "But Tenchi... what about the others. They'd miss us, and Sasami 
would hate it if we took
Ryo-oki away and..." Suddenly understanding dawned on her and she smacked 
her forhead, "I walked
right into that didn't I?" Tenchi started to laugh at her expression. At 
first she was a bit mad but then she
quickly joined in. "Ok...ok, the jokes on me. But seriously Tenchi, one day 
do you think we could take
that trip?"
  Tenchi smiled and looked into her eyes, "Well Ryoko, maybe when..." 
Suddenly he was cut off at
Ayeaka appeared next to them. Seeing Tenchi on the ground she automatically 
looked at Ryoko.
"What did you do to him you monster?" Ryoko looked between her and Tenchi, 
suddenly giving her
best evil grin. She latched onto Tenchi and said, "We were just discussing 
our honeymoon princess."
Ayeaka's face turned red and she reached out to grab Tenchi away from her. 
"You lieing harlot. Tenchi
would never go anywhere with you!" Ryoko growled, "Yeah, well I think he'd 
rather go with me than
with a stuck up snop like you. Right Tenchi?" Tenchi, about to be torn in 
half just groaned. Ryoko saw
that she was hurting him and let him go. He fell into Ayeaka's arms, "Don't 
worry Tenchi, I'll protect
you from that demon." Gasping for air Tenchi couldn't realy respond. He 
glanced back at Ryoko and
saw a tear trickle down the side of her face.

  Durring dinner that night, after everyone had congradulated Sasami on her 
cooking, Nobiyuki turned
to Tenchi, "Isn't tonight supposed to be that end of school dance at your 
highschool Tenchi?" Tenchi
nodded, "Yeah, but they canceled it because somebody toilet papered the 
principle's car." Ayeaka
looked at Tenchi, "Well I wish you had told us about it Tenchi. I am an 
excelent dancer and when you
took me there, we would have made everyone else look clumsy." Suddenly Ryoko 
stood up, and
walked out. "Where are you going Ryoko?" Sasami asked. She turned back and 
looked directly at
Tenchi, "I'm just...going out for some fresh air. I'll be back later." With 
that she turned and left.
Nobiyuki looked at the rest of them, "I wonder what's bothering her."

  As she sat out by the shrine Ryoko looked up at the stars. Tears fell from 
her eyes and hit the cold
stone benether her. "I wish I could have gone with him to his dance." She 
smiled and thought of how
it would be. Him walking into the dance, her holding his arm. The look in 
his eyes as he took her in his
arms... and suddenly her fantasy took on a darker tione. She tried to dance 
with him, but didn't know
how. She tripped over his feet and suddenly everyone was laughing at them. 
Ayeaka would then show
up and dance with Tenchi, and he would forget all about her. More tears 
followed the first.
  She knew she would never get the chance to dance with a boy like him. She 
was a space pirate,
what could he possibly see in her? As she lay there Ryoko's gaze was drawn 
to the moon. She sat
back and watched it. If only Tenchi could hear her sing. But no, she 
couldn't sing, not with him
watching. Alone she sat and began to hum. Suddenly a sad, sweet melody, 
unlike anything else, began
to flow. She lay there, singing quietly staring at the moon. Suddenly she 
could picture Tenchi standing
there. He would smile and say something like, "That was beutiful." Suddenly 
Ryoko jumped up. She
hadn't been immagining it. Tenchi was actually there and had heard all of 
it.
  Ryoko couldn't ace it. He face turned red and she turned to leave. "Wait 
Ryoko, don't go." She
turned back. "Why are you so sad Ryoko? Why are you crying?" Tenchi looked 
into her eyes and
waited for an answer. "I don't want to talk about it Tenchi." He looked at 
her, her eyes reflecting the
moon. "Is it because of that dance?" She stopped breathing for a second, 
trying to hold her tears in. "I...
I'll never get the chance to..." Suddenly she buckled forward, falling 
towards the rocks. Tenchi ran to
her and caught her, "Are you alright Ryoko?" She looked up at him, staring 
into eyes that reflected hers
right back. "Tenchi, who would you have taken to the dance?" He looked at 
her, totaly caught off
guard. Then suddenly he knew. Instead of answering her he leaned forward and 
gently kissed her lips.
Ryoko's ters continued to flow as she pulled him closer and kissed back. 
When they finaly parted she
looked at him, trying to figure out what had just happened. "Tenchi... I... 
I love you so much." He held
her close and ran his finger's through her hair. "I love you too Ryoko."
  She looked up at him and ran a hand across his cheek, "Tenchi will you... 
would you dance with me?
I know I'm probably not as good as Ayeaka would be but..." Tenchi smiled and 
helped her up. "I
would love to dance with you Ryoko." They walked hand in hand over to the 
dock by the lake. Tenchi
bowed to Ryoko and she curtseied back. Taking eachothers hands they stepped 
forward. Tenchi put
his free hand around her waist, while Ryoko put hers behind his neck. With 
him leading they twirled
and spun, each hoping this moment would never end. Ryoko began singing, the 
same song she had
when Tenchi had found her. None of the words made any sence to him, but 
Tenchi was lost in them
all the same. Suddenly he got an idea. Using his Jurai power, formed a small 
forse field under their
feet and stepped off the dock. Ryokp's voice faltered for a second, but she 
quickly regained her
composure when she saw Tenchi smiling at her. Floating out over the lake, 
the moonlight sining in
eachother's eyes, everything was perfect.

  Back at the house Sasami was sitting on the porch with Ryo-oki, listening 
quietly to the song Ryoko
was singing. Ayeaka had agreed to do the dishes so was at the other end of 
the house. The others
though, had heard Ryoko singing and one by one had come out on the porch to 
watch them. Suddenly
Ayeaka came out too, "I finished the dishes Sasami. What is going on out..." 
She looked out on the
lake, "Why that monster!" She started to run out after them, when she felt 
hands holding her back.
"Ayeaka, wait a minute will you. Just wait a minute and actually look at 
them!" Sasami pleaded.
Ayeaka Stopped, "What do you mean Sasami?" Sasami shook her head, "Just look 
Ayeaka." She
turned back to the two on the lake. Ryoko's song finaly drifting to her 
ears. The look on Tenchi's face.
Nodding Ayeaka slumped her shoulders. "I see Sasami. But I'd be lieing if I 
were to say I wasn't still
jealouse of her." Sasami nodded. Suddenly she felt Ryo-oki in human form 
tugging on her leg.
"Myah!" Sasami smiled at her, "You think so?" She turned to look at the rest 
of the group, "Ryo-oki
thinks we should dance too."
  Everyone smiled and nodded. Sasami took Ryo-oki's hand, Washu grabbed 
Nobiyuki, and Mihoshi
and Kyonei smiled and took eachother's hands. Ayeaka sighed and looked out 
at the lake. Suddenly
she felt a tap on her shoulder, "I don't believe I have a partner yet 
Ayeaka." She turned and saw
Yosho the man she had once decided to marry. Smiling gently at the old man 
she took his hand and
they too began to dance to Ryoko's song.


The end

Author's note

This wasn't the longest fic i've ever done, but I didn;t realy intend it to 
be. I just had this vision of Ryoko
and Tenchi, together on the lake, and things built up from there. I actually 
wrote alot more to it, but I
started complicating things and drcided to stop while I was ahead. All in 
all I think you will agree that
there is nothing more romantic than two people dancing together. Feel free 
to continue this fic as you
see fit. I don't have the balls to write a lemon, but I am sure some of you 
might. There are only two
things I insist upon. A: Ryoko and Tenchi are together and so are Mohoshi 
and Kyonei. B: It is to be
done tastefully and with as much romance as possible. Anything you wish to 
add must be emailed to me
at clayton_n@hotmail.com
