This is my first fanfic on Tenchi Muyo!  I know it's just the prologue, but
I hope you like the way I had setup the mystery.  If you see any
inconsistencies, as Tenchi Muyo! is not actually a stable universe on it's
original own, please tell me so.  C&C can be directed privately of publicly,
but since it's only the prologue, I'm not looking for much.

Thanks to all those that answered my question a while ago.  But, I still
don't know what's the emperor's name is.

Well here it is...straight from my retirement home.

----------------------
The Secret of the Past
----------------------

By Florencio B. de la Merced, Jr. (fmerced@pworld.net.ph)

A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic Series: All rights belong to AIC, PIONEER, etc..not
mine.
--------

Prologue
--------


Galaxy Police Academy, Mirai System
GPC 1050-A
Political Science and Government History Class


The small auditorium, which serves as the classroom, was filled up to the
upper rafters.  Students, aspiring Galaxy Police recruits, in their blue and
black trim uniform were busily doing what most young people would do if they
were waiting for the teacher.  Chatting with their seatmate, drawing some
awkward stuff at the back of their notebooks, sleeping and more of that
unusual fanfare. Unfortunately, the professor was already in front of the
podium, giving a long and boring lecture that seems to be missed of the
attentive participation of most of the audience.  Who would indeed find this
subject interesting anyway?

"Professor, can I ask something?" The hand of a spirited young man, sitting
in the front row came up.  Most of his classmates looked at him
displeasingly.  For them, he was not only breaking their teacher's
monotonous pace, which will eventually delay a quick and abrupt ending of
the lesson, but he was one of the best it that class.  He was smart and
intelligent at the same time, making him the envious target of most of his
peers.

The professor cleared his throat and fixed his glasses before looking up
from the book that he had been reading.  Almost instantly the room fell dead
silent.  A solitary hand was raised, a plea to ask a dubious query.  "Yes,
what is your question young man?"

He stood up, much to the disliking of his classmates.  Was this going to
take long?  Most of them murmured behind him.  He, however, was serious and
collected in his inquiry.  "Thank you, Professor.  I was just wondering why
the Sol System had been classified as a Non-Interference Sector?  I've tried
to find the reason in the past thousand years of record edicts and decrees
and treaties in the database of the Galaxy Police..." He was cut short by
the raised hand of his teacher.

"The Sol System is a very remote sector of the known Universe, young man.
Nothing ever happens there, so it had been deemed that..." It was his turn
to be cut off.

"But, Unlike the Lodoss and Ranamok Systems, which all have the same
stature, there is no know history of why it was given that rating,
Professor.  Don't you think it's kind of strange that..."

The teacher had his arm up, his hand holding his chin.  "Yes, that is
strange.  But, that's quite normal.  Maybe the record for that system is
included in the archived records before the last turn of the millenium."
The student wasn't satisfied.  "I'll go ask the main computer."  All of the
students sighed.  Initiating an archive search would take, like forever, and
that meant they all had to stay a wee-bit longer in class.

A huge blue screen appeared in front of the small stage.  The professor
keyed in his log on name and password.  He was online with the Academy's
main computer a few moments later.  Meanwhile, the curious student was the
target of some of his friend's paper balls.  "Stop it, I was just curious."

"You're going to make us late for our next class." His nearest classmate
said.

"But it's only Lunch Break that's after this."

"Exactly."  Back to the display, a red warning sign appeared and began
flashing.

"That's strange.  Computer, bypass security lock with high level pass code."
The professor keyed in another password.  He hoped that would eventually
remove the obstacle that was in front of him.  However, the computer only
returned another error.  "What?  My high level pass code doesn't work."  He
picked up the nearby panel and typed in the number for the office of the
General Director of the Galaxy Police Academy.

"Hello there, Kino.  Never expected a call from you this early in the
morning.  Are we still on for that golf game later?"  The professor, though,
had another question in mind.

"Director Meiji, I can't seem to use my pass code in retrieving some data
from the archives.  I was wondering if you could do the favor for me."
Behind him, the rowdy students were already picking on the unlucky soul that
was responsible for the delay in class.

"Of course, Kino.  Unless it's something really incriminating."  The
director laughed, though his friend didn't join in.  "Ok, I see you are
serious.  What exactly was the search parameter that you were looking for?"

"I was searching for the history records for the nature of the
Non-Interference Status of the Sol System."  His friend on the other end of
the conversation was a bit surprised.  "Yes, I know it's trivial, but some
of my students want to know..." He turned around, only to be greeted by the
sight of unruly students fighting among themselves.  "Hold it!  Get back to
your seats!  That's an order!"  They all scattered like mice preyed on by a
herd of cats.

"Kids, eh, Kino?  I wonder how you could tolerate being a teacher all these
years."  Half the screen was instantly filled with data.  "Well, looks like
I'm gathering field reports from that area in the last millenium."
Professor Kino looked at the scrolling data with equal interest.  "Strange,
all field reports."

Soon, another error screen popped up into view.  "What the...?"  The
Director punched a few keys, but the error remained.  "What's this?"

"Meiji?"  Soon both screens were filled with another screen.  This time it's
a security breach warning.  A warning that these records were prohibited,
even by the security level held by the Academy Director himself.

"Kino, I don't know what this means?  My passcode should retrieve any data
in the archives, but it seems that the piece of information that you need is
secured by a higher security level."  The director leaned back into his
chair.  "But, I don't know of any higher security level."

"Strange indeed.  Thanks anyway, Director.  I'll just see you later at the
course."  The screens disappeared the instant Professor Kino touched a
button on the podium.  "Well, where was I?"

"Professor, can we go now?" A student in the second row asked.

"Of course."  The teacher gathered his things as most of his class started
their way towards the several exits in the auditorium.  He made his way
towards the nearest exit.  The young student that had asked the question
earlier was waiting for him.  "Ah, Takagi.  I'm sure you're wondering if I
have an answer." His student just nodded.  "Well, it's quite simple.  The
reason for the Solar System as having a Non-Interference stature is
because," he cleared his throat," it's not for us to know."

"Huh?"

"Someone high up doesn't want you, or me to know why, Takagi.  I guess it's
best we kept it that way."

"But..." His teacher walked past him, not anymore interested in continuing
the conversation.  He was left with more questions in his head.  He thought
for a moment, thinking about what his teacher had just said.  "Higher?
Well, in that case I'll just go ask my grandfather about it.  Nobody can be
higher than him."  He thought to himself as he made his way towards the
cafeteria.


-----


Earth, Sol System
Masaki Shrine, at the steps on the hill.


It was his early morning routine for Tenchi to climb up to the shrine of his
grandfather and seek him out.  It was time for breakfast anyway, and he
still had to clean the temple and it's surroundings of fallen foliage later.
He knew Sasami would join him later and probably Ayeka as well.  If only she
wasn't too busy fighting with another guest of the house.  Yes, fighting was
a constant between the first princess of Jurai and Ryoko.  He never felt
peace again down at his father's home.  So he never regrets coming up all
the way to his grandfather's shrine.  There, he would almost always be
alone, cleaning up most of the time, but that was all the peace and quiet he
needed.

"Good morning, Tenchi."  The young lad was surprised to see his grandfather
up and about so early in the morning today.  Was it a special day for him,
he asked himself.  "I suppose Sasami is already calling everyone to
breakfast."  His grandson could only nod.

"Why are you up already, grandpa?" Tenchi and his grandfather started their
way down the long trek of steps.

"Today is a special day, Tenchi."  They walked past their training grounds.
"I will have a special visitor today, so I woke up early."

"Visitor?" Tenchi thought for a moment, before realizing he too knew of the
special guest coming today.  "Oh, so you already know, grandfather.  I was
going to tell you when I came up here, but I guess..." Yosho looked puzzled
at Tenchi's news.

"Who's coming, Tenchi?"

"Oh, I thought you knew?" Tenchi realized he might have made a mistake.
"Ayeka's and Sasami's mother is coming over for a visit.  And I guess great
grandmother will also be coming too."  That made Yosho stop.  He looked high
up in the sky.  Tenchi was concerned by his grandfather's reaction.  "What's
wrong, grandpa?  Aren't you happy to see Lady Funaho again?"  Tenchi had
heard of stories, but he believed little of it.

"I see.  Then we have to prepare for their arrival."  Yosho turned around
and continued his walk.  This time, however, he ascended and returned toward
the Masaki shrine.  "Today is quite special, indeed?"

"Grandpa?  Breakfast."  Tenchi climbed up a few steps before he was told to
head down on his own.  Yosho was going to prepare the shrine, and gave the
strict orders to Tenchi that no one must be allowed to climb up the steps
and enter the shrine today.  Tenchi tried to ask why, but he was never given
an answer.

"Well, at least I don't have to clean the shrine today."  He started his
descent again, with his grandfather's orders occupying his thoughts.

-----


Galaxy Police Headquarters
Aries System, Planetary orbit


The corridor was unusually crowded that morning.  Kiyone, Detective First
Class, was on her way to report to her supervisor.  She threaded her way
through small groups of people that had camped outside the Station commander
's office.  That didn't surprise her though, since this was the time of year
when promotion announcements were posted on the bulletin board outside the
commander's office.  She too wanted to peek at that list; maybe she was
included this year.  But, she was ordered to report immediately at his
supervisor's office.  The General Investigation Division was a few more
rooms down the hallway.

"Kiyone, aren't you going to wait for the list?"  A peer mate recognized her
and asked her immediately why she was heading the other way.

"Maybe later, Hiroshi.  I've got to report to my commanding officer."  She
had almost broken through the rough crowd when the first post was seen at
the electronic bulletin board.  She expected to be crushed a bit before she
finally parted from everyone.  But she only heard a few sighs, and some sad
"oh my" that caught her suspicious attention.  "Huh?"

"My God, what happened to him?  Where did he go?"

Kiyone waited, the rumor eventually reached her spot.  "He disappeared?  The
chief of the Special Intelligence Investigation Unit had gone AWOL?
Impossible!"  She couldn't believe it either.  The SIIU was the elite
division of the Galaxy Police.  There was nothing, well almost nothing they
didn't know.  Although most of its operatives were concealed and hidden deep
into the thousand of civilizations that was governed by the Galaxy Police,
it's chief was a highly exposed official.  He was one of the best officers
that the Academy had ever produced.  He was even a favorite among the
leaders of the federation of galaxies.  He was also the youngest of the
special staff under the Galaxy Police Marshall.  She should know, he,
Director General Takeshi, was her classmate.

Her watch beeped and shook her from her momentary trance.  She knew she was
late.  So she hurried off towards her supervisor, before she really gets
into more trouble.  But all the way there the recent news was all on her
mind.

-----

Earth
Galaxy Police Patrol Ship
Planetary Orbit



Ukinojo, the interface computer robot of the ship, pulled out of its recess.
It hoped that the detective first class that owned the shuttle was in her
supposed cockpit.  He was disappointed.  He did the next best thing.
"Mihoshi!  Mihoshi!"  This beckoning was accompanied by the appropriate
electronic signal to its master's watch.

"Alright, alright!  What's the big emergency?"  Mihoshi was in her uniform,
but wet all over.  She took off her coat, squeezing and twisting the excess
water off.  "Oh boy!  I should stop dropping into the lake every time I..."
She looked up, a visibly and audibly irritated robot looking at her.  "Oh, I
'm sorry.  I guess I wasn't listening.  Can you playback the emergency call
again?"

A screen in front of the pilot seat removed all the graphs and windows on
it.  Ukinojo began again.  "Mihoshi, a special emergency report has been
received from Galaxy Police Headquarters.  Report continues."  Mihoshi fixed
her hair and took a seat in front of Ukinojo.  "The Director General
Takeshi, of the Special Intelligence Investigation Unit had suddenly
disappeared from the SIIU headquarters on the planet..."

Mihoshi pulled out her cube, and tried to pull out a cup of coffee.
Fortunately, she did manage to pull it off on the very first try.  "Ah,
coffee.  How wonderful!"  Ukinojo wasn't amused.

"As I was saying.  Director General Takeshi was reported missing from the
SIIU headquarters since 0400H this morning, Mihoshi.  All operatives must
keep vigilant on further news, and if you notice anything unusual you should
report it to headquarters."  Mihoshi sipped at her cup, but she instantly
threw up in front of her robot's face.

"Eeek.  It's cold!  I can't have cold coffee."

"Mihoshi, were you listening?"  That got the blond-haired girl looking up at
the screens.  A recent full screen facial picture of the missing official
was in front of her.

"Is that the Director General that was kidnapped?"  Ukinojo immediately blew
some steam.  "He looks familiar."

"That's because he was your classmate, Mihoshi.  Don't you remember?"

"That's Takeshi, the nerd in my class?"  Mihoshi sipped her second cup, it
was hot this time.  "Yes, now I remember.  He was the top in our class,
right?"  Ukinojo confirmed her assumption.  "Yeah, Kiyone was so angry at
him." She started to laugh, making her spill some of her hot coffee on her
uniform.  "Ow! Ow!"

"Yes, your former partner, Detective First Class Kiyone finished second in
your class, Director General Takeshi was number one."  Ukinojo brought out a
picture of Kiyone.

Mihoshi cleaned herself off.  She turned and took her seat again.  "Oh, my.
Don't they look like they were made for each other?"   Mihoshi pulled out
Takeshi's picture and paired it nearby Kiyone's.

"Mihoshi?  Didn't the two always fought each other after your graduation?"
Ukinojo pulled out a new window.  It listed incident reports that had two
names in common.

"Well, that's was just Kiyone blowing off some steam because she's always
never considered for promotion, and he was."  Mihoshi took another sip, and
ate a rice cracker too.

Ukinojo wanted to disagree, knowing who really was responsible for Detective
first class Kiyone's miserable promotion history.  "Well, were suppose to
wait for another transmission in the next few minutes from headquarters."
Mihoshi stood up and stretched out her arms.

"Then I'll just get some sleep while we wait."  Ukinojo pleaded for Mihoshi
to stay and not go off to her sleeping quarters.  It didn't have any effect
though.  She left as quickly as she came a while ago.

-----

Masaki residence


Tenchi walked out into the wooden platform that served as the house's
foundation, complete with wooden stilts and pier.  Ever since his original
home was destroyed by one of the girls living in the household, they had to
construct a new home built on the lake itself.  Only a pier like pathway
connected the house on the shores of the lake.

"Hello Tenchi, are you excited?"  Sasami, the second princess of Jurai
greeted Tenchi first.  Ayeka, her sister, greeted the young host too.  Ryoko
appeared from out of nowhere, grabbing him from behind.

"Ryoko! Stop it!"

"Tenchi.  What are we doing here?  Let's leave all these royalties here."
Tenchi tried his best to shrug off Ryoko.  But being elevated a few feet off
the ground made that task a little bit more difficult.

"Ryoko!  Get your filthy hands off him!"  Ayeka grabbed Tenchi's field
jacket, hoping to drag him back to the ground.  "I will not let you dishonor
Lord Tenchi in front of our parents."

"Ryoko, please!" Sasami pleaded, though both women were not giving an inch
of each other's advantage.  Washu amusingly looked on from a distance, she
thought of joining in, but there were more important things to do at the
moment.

"Tenchi.  Let's go."  Ryoko pulled him up, she failed though to break away.

"Ryoko!"

Just then, the view of an imperial ship of Jurai emerged from behind the
distant hills.  It was the ship of Tenchi's great grandmother, Lady Funaho.
Ryoko immediately settled down, much to Tenchi's comfort.  Ayeka and Sasami
looked on in anticipation.  Washu held on to Ryo-ohki tightly.  Tenchi fixed
his clothes that had crumpled with Ryoko's mischievous behavior a while ago.

The Jurai ship settled slowly in the middle of the lake.  Both princesses
stepped forward.  Ryoko grab hold of Tenchi's arm, smiling at the same time.
Tenchi thought didn't mind.

-----

>From a distance higher up the hill, Yosho looked on.  He fixed his glasses,
the morning sun reflecting from it.  He had prepared for this day all his
life, but somehow the presence of the two queens of Jurai, made the
situation a little bit more complicated.  He had already prayed for
guidance.  Though he was still asking himself why wasn't he had been told of
the arrival of the Royal Family of Jurai on this particular day.

Was it fate?  Or had his friend intended this to be.  He truly didn't know.
He was almost sure that he was being tested again.  Like he had been tested
a long time ago.  But he knew perfectly well that he failed the first time.
What made his mentor change his mind?  Or did he?  His thoughts were all the
more confusing him.  The long time memories were overlapping with the
pressure of the coming days ahead.  He only hoped he had done everything to
prepare his grandson for the same task he had failed to fulfill a long time
ago.  "Achika, I hope your sacrifice would finally bear fruit." He prayed
silently again.  He walked back into the shrine.  There he would wait for
his guest.

-----

Galaxy Police Headquarters
Aries System
General Investigation Division Office


Kiyone walked inside the anteroom, where she logged on her passcode.  The
computer directed her towards the left corridor, towards the office of her
supervisor, Director Raikon.  An older man that Kiyone had learned to
respect and fear at the same time since she had been assigned in this
division.  She never liked him, though, they saw eye to eye on a lot of
things.  Like the case of her former partner.  If it weren't for Director
Raikon, she would have never been rid of Mihoshi, Detective first class.
Though she had to relearn the ropes of operating alone again, she never
regretted her decision of dumping Mihoshi.  Well, she didn't actually dump
her.  She just nominated her partner for the job of being the sector officer
assigned in the most remote region of known space.  "I wonder what she's
doing right now?"  She asked herself, just as the door leading to her
supervisor slid open.

"Come on in, Detective Kiyone."  Raikon swirled around in his seat, holding
a catalogue in his hands.  He had been reading the most disturbing piece of
news he had ever seen. The sudden disappearance of a line officer, a truly
respectable man of immeasurable competence in the accomplishment of the laws
and by laws of the Federation and that of the Galaxy Police, was truly
disturbing news indeed.  He looked up, one of his best officer saluting at
him.  He quickly acknowledged her and ordered her to take a seat.

"You have heard about Director Takeshi's disappearance, detective Kiyone?"

"Yes, I heard it just a minute ago, sir."  Raikon closed the catalogue
folder he had and slid it over towards Kiyone.  "What is this, sir?"

"That's Director Takeshi's file.  All that we have on him before he had
assumed the position of chief of the Special Intelligence Investigation
Unit."  Raikon waited for Kiyone to stop browsing at the records.  "As you
can see, we can't give you anything that deals with the SIIU." Kiyone fully
understood the high level security the SIIU had operated.

"Does this mean I'm being assigned to find him, sir?"  Raikon fell back on
his chair.  Kiyone closed the file and waited for an answer.

"I know that you know him...quite well, detective Kiyone."  A frown replaced
the stone cold expression on Kiyone's face.  Raikon coughed a bit, hoping he
had not been too intrusive on personal matters.  "I'm sorry, but you are not
the only one who's being assigned to find him."

"I see."

"Kiyone.  Takeshi...is important, that's all I can say.  And I know the two
of you go a long way back.  The two of you graduated with the top honors
when the two of you graduated from the Academy.  And, that you're the...how
should I say this..." Kiyone flinched.

"Closest person that had been...attached to him?"  She hated to say it, but
it was true.  She didn't particularly like those days in the academy,
remembering those days towards the graduation of her batch.  She finished
second to him.

Raikon knew he had to douse the fire burning in front of him.  "Ah,
well...yes, something like that.  We make it a point to...I mean...darn."
Raikon removed his sensitive side for the time being.  "Detective Kiyone!
You have been given the assignment of searching for Director Takeshi."
Kiyone almost jumped up, hearing the tone in her officer's voice.

"Yes, sir.  I understand."  Kiyone was about to leave when Raikon stopped
her.

"There is another thing, Kiyone.  I want you to take a partner."  Kiyone's
eyes' twitched at the sound of that word.  She hoped sincerely that it wasn'
t... "Detective first class, Mihoshi.  She'll be in the Sol System.  I want
you to start your search in that area." Kiyone's heart almost fell on the
floor.

"No, sir.  You can't mean..."

"No questions, Kiyone.  This order came from the Marshall himself.  Besides,
Detective Mihoshi is a great investigator."

"But, she stinks!  Please...don't..."

"Oh, the Marshall also promoted you to Provisionary Second Lieutenant,
Detective Kiyone.  I guess you should show your appreciation by considering
not disobeying direct orders from the Marshall."

"My...life...is over."  Kiyone slowly walked out of the room.

Raikon looked strangely at Kiyone's exit.  "Strange, I thought she would be
happy being promoted.  She had been waiting for that promotion for years
now."  Raikon shrugged his thoughts off, and tried to get back into the
situation at hand.

-----

Earth, Sol System
Masaki residence


The household was bustling with activity.  The two ladies were seated
comfortably in the living room, and were served an auspicious meal cooked by
Sasami herself.  Both women had given their thanks to the gracious host,
Tenchi, and of course, Noboyuki, his father, for allowing the two of them to
stay a couple of days.

"Of course, Ladies.  The house can still accommodate a few more gorgeous
women."  Noboyuki was on the receiving end of Tenchi's elbow, and then
after, Lady Misaki's stranglehold-like hug.

"Oh, you're so nice, I'm so happy to hear that from you."  Noboyuki had
never resisted a good hug, especially from a beautiful woman, but this was
too much even for him.

"Mom!"  Ayeka rescued Tenchi's father from further injury.  "It's not nice
to kill our host.  Mother."

"Oh, I'm sorry.  Anyway, I'm so happy to see you again, little Ayeka!"  It
was Ayeka's turn to turn blue.  Sasami called everyone towards the table.
Washu had turned on the television screen, hoping they would catch their
favorite romance program.

"My, did you cook all these, Sasami?" Funaho politely asked the little girl
sitting across her.

"Yes, auntie.  I'm the cook around here."  That made Funaho stare at Misaki.
Ayeka's mom soon realized what her sister was trying to tell her.  She
immediately turned and looked seriously at her oldest daughter.  Ayeka
almost choked, even if she hadn't touched any bit of food yet.

"Why aren't you the one cooking, Ayeka?"  Ryoko wanted to burst out
laughing, only Washu was preventing her.

"Um, I'm...Mother, I'm the one doing all the washing and cleaning and
laundry in the house."  Ayeka was evading the question, but she couldn't
face the humiliation, especially in front of her mother.  "I'm..."

"See, Funaho.  She's the one doing all the laundry.  That's at least
something she had learned over here."  Lady Misaki, looked back at Ayeka.
Being greeted by her daughter's quizzical look, she tried to comfort her
feelings.  "There, there, Ayeka.  You'll soon learn to cook, just like
Sasami. You don't have to worry."  Ryoko blinked at the surprising
statement.

"Um, what do you mean mother?"

Lady Funaho placed down her cup of tea.  "She's just telling you that when
you are finally going to marry Tenchi, you'll have to be able to cook."
That almost rocked the whole dinner table.

"He.."  Tenchi had lost the words.  Who could talk when a lot of women are
talking about your own future?

"Wait a minute!  Tenchi is mine!"  Ryoko stood up in protest.  Washu asked
her daughter to sit down, but Ryoko wasn't listening.  "If you think that I'
ll let you get my Tenchi all because you are royal..."

"Don't be so upset, Ryoko.  It's up to my great grandson, Tenchi to decide."
Funaho looked pleasingly at the young man at the end of the table.

"Um, can we talk about something else...like the weather, perhaps?"  Tenchi
made everyone at the table laugh, except those of Ayeka and Ryoko.  For a
minute now, Ayeka has been silent and still.  Ryoko had already returned to
her seat, but she too fell quiet.  Sasami asked her sister if there was
something wrong. But Ayeka calmly calmed her sister.

"Oh, my.  I'm sorry to have brought that up."  Lady Misaki took a sip of
tea.  "My, this is wonderful tea.  Sasami you're such a good cook!  I'm sure
Tenchi will like your cooking..." Ayeka and Ryoko looked displeasingly at
Misaki.  "Oops.  What am I saying?"

"Really, Mommy?  I can be Tenchi's wife too?"  Everyone fell deafeningly
silent.  No one wanted to answer that question.  Everyone knew the
disastrous consequences of the time bomb they had just lit up.  "What?"
Ryo-ohki just purred out to everyone.

"Of course, Sasami," Lady Misaki sweated before answering, "it's up to
Tenchi, remember?"  Funaho sighed, looking down at her plate in frustration.

Ayeka was irritated at first.  She wanted to shout at her mother.  But that
wouldn't do her any good.  Ryoko, on the other hand, crossed her arms and
was thinking.  Washu knew what her daughter had in her mind.  She wanted to
help Ryoko, but what can she do.  What she needed was a mother on her side.
She wasn't that competent for her.  In fact, she too had interest in Tenchi.

Noboyuki decided to break the ice.  "Don't forget Mihoshi, too.  She likes
my son too."  That made everyone sick.  The hardest hit was Tenchi.  What
can a poor boy do?

-----


Astral Dimension
Palace of the Heavens
Lady Tokimi's chambers


Lady Tokimi's chamber was a huge circular room that had a dome shape
ceiling.  The pillars extended even up to the small circular window up in
the center of the dome.  Her bed was elegant.  It was draped down with the
finest silk like curtain anyone had ever seen.  Her floor was made of the
finest marble like material that glowed into a shimmering shine, and it was
tiled into several floral patterns that was quite exquisite.  The most
distinguishing feature of her room were the plants.  It was literally
endowed at the periphery with a vast assortment of flowers and foliage.  It
was truly marvelous sight indeed.

"Lady Tokimi, it is time."  The voice came from the double door entrance.  A
figure slowly stirred from the bed.  It was Lady Tokimi, and she was
beautiful even if she had just awakened from bed.  Her golden brown locks
were neatly hidden inside a bonnet that she quickly took off when she walked
off her bed.

"Please prepare for my departure."  She spoke quietly, yet forcefully.

"Yes, Lady Tokimi.  Your transport for the Sol System will be ready."  The
servant disappeared as soon as the doors closed.  Tokimi sat down in front
of her huge mirror desk.  She pulled out a comb and started fixing her hair.

"It is time."  Tokimi caught a glimpse of a picture that was sitting on her
desk.  There were three girls in the picture, and a tall young man in the
middle.  She took it, and stared at it closely.  "It is time, father."  She
finished up, and headed for her clothes closet.  While picking out some
appropriate clothes, she kept holding the picture frame in her hand.  "It's
up to me, now, and my sisters.  And for the chosen one."  She finally left
her room, still carrying that picture with her.

Unnoticeable to anyone, a shadowy figure had leapt off the circular window
high above the chamber of Lady Tokimi.  It was floating high above the bed
before a small black hole sucked it out of existence.

-----


Earth, Sol System
Planetary Orbit
Galaxy Police Patrol Ship


Ukinojo called Mihoshi again, but he wasn't getting any answers.  The
message from Galaxy Police Headquarters had arrived an hour ago, but Mihoshi
couldn't be woken up.  "Mihoshi!"

Finally the doors of the cockpit opened, and a sleepy Mihoshi finally
appeared.  "Ah! What a beautiful sleep I had."

"Mihoshi!  There was a transmission from Galaxy Police Headquarters an hour
ago.  Do you like me to play it back for you?"  Ukinojo was not going to
wait for an answer.  A blue screen appeared in front of Mihoshi.  She had
taken a nap refuge on her pilot seat.  Ukinojo didn't bother to wake her up
again.  The robot just played back the message at twice the volume.

"Detective First Class Mihoshi."  A picture of a long black-haired woman
appeared on the screen.  "Mihoshi?"

Mihoshi stirred in her seat. "Kiyone? Is that you?"

"MIHOSHI!!!"

Mihoshi was startled and stood up almost reflexively.  She looked around,
even if her head was aching.  "That should wake you up, bubble-head."  She
turned to the screen, and she was surprised to see who it was that had sent
the message.

"Kiyone!  Oh, how wonderful of you to see me."

"Mihoshi, I'm on assignment to search for the missing Director of the
Special Intelligence Investigation Unit.  Director Takeshi."  Mihoshi was
jumping up and down in jubilation, not really being attentive at the
message.  "I'm to start my search at the Sol System.  I don't know why, but
I'm suppose to pair up with you and begin the search in such a desolated
place as that."  Mihoshi caught what Kiyone's message had just said, and she
was all the more joyous of her reunion with her old partner.  "Listen, I'll
be there in an hour or so, don't go anywhere."

"End of Message" Ukinojo announced.

"Oh, wow.  I'm going to be partners with Kiyone again.  Isn't this
wonderful, Ukinojo?"  Mihoshi hopped all the way out of the cockpit.
Ukinojo muttered something about the end of the world or something like
that.

-----

Masaki shrine, on the steps on the hill


"But why can't I see my son, Tenchi?"  Lady Funaho was a little bit curious
why her own son, Yosho would not want to see her.

"I don't know, great grandma.  He just told me that he's having a guest over
there, and that no one, not even you or me should come up to him.  Or
disturb him."  Tenchi had accompanied Lady Funaho up to the last mezzanine
of the steps up the hill.

"Do you think...he has a girl up there, Tenchi?"  Funaho was as puzzled by
her question as Tenchi was in answering it.

"Girl?  Grandpa?  No way, great grandma."

"Um, Tenchi.  Can I ask you a favor?"  Funaho started to descend down the
steps.  Tenchi followed, and nodded.  "Please don't call me...great
grandma."  Tenchi smiled, realizing he was a little bit rude, seeing Funaho
looked only a bit as old as his father.

"I'm sorry, Lady Funaho."

"That's all right."  Funaho smiled, "But you should always call Misaki,
great grand auntie." She laughed, and Tenchi realized what she was joking
around for.

"So Tenchi, who are you going to choose?"  Funaho thought it was a perfect
time to ask his great grandson such an intimate question.  They were alone,
and he hoped nature that was blossoming around them would make her great
grandson calm and brave enough to answer her.

"Um, Lady Funaho, I don't think I..." He was cut short by the shouts coming
from further down the steps.  "Huh?"

"Tenchi! Tenchi!  Someone is here to see grandpa."  Sasami was climbing up
the steps at an incredible pace, too fast for her own age.  Tenchi was
relieved that he had been distracted.  The guest of her son, on the other
hand, intrigued Funaho.  Sasami finally reached the two.  "Tenchi, this man
is looking for Grandpa."  Tenchi looked behind Sasami.  A tall young man,
not much older than he was, was climbing up the steps behind Sasami.  He
didn't recognize his face.

"Oh, my lord!"  Lady Funaho fell immediately on her knees.  Tenchi scratched
his head.  The young man immediately came to Lady Funaho's aid.

"Are you alright, lady?" Funaho couldn't bring up her face to see the smile
on the stranger.  "You fell, are you alright?"  Tenchi kneeled down towards
Lady Funaho's side too.  Sasami was curious as well.

"Great grandma, are you alright?"  That drew a look and stare from the
stranger.

"Are you alright, lady?"

Funaho could only muster a few words.  "My lord...What are you doing here?"
She still couldn't look at the stranger.

"Auntie, this is grandpa's stockbroker." Sasami looked at the stranger.
"What's a stock broker anyway?"

Lady Funaho finally looked up, and a face that was very familiar to her
greeted her.  But it wasn't exactly who she thought the young man was.  She
was having doubts.  "Oh, I'm sorry.  I thought you were someone else?"  The
two men helped Funaho up on her feet.

"Forgive me for being rude, I'm Kensuto.  I've been dealing stocks for the
priest of this shrine for years."

Tenchi frowned.  "So that's his big secret, gee."

Kensuto asked if he could see Tenchi's grandfather.  Tenchi obliged and
pointed towards the shrine near the top of same hill where they were.
Kensuto bade goodbye and started to climb up again.

Sasami cheerfully accompanied Tenchi and Lady Funaho down the stairway.
"That guy is sure is weird."

"Gee, I never knew grandpa was dealing in stocks.  He must have made a ton
of money for years."  Sasami pulled on Tenchi's jacket.

"What's a stock broker anyway?"  Tenchi scratched his head again.
Meanwhile, Lady Funaho was in deep thoughts herself.  Some question in her
head was looking for answers.  But the answers could only come from his son,
and even he didn't want to see her.  Who was that boy?  That was mainly what
Funaho had in her head.

-----


Nether Dimension


A shadow crept up towards a single man that was sitting in the middle of a
huge open wasteland.  The shadow spoke in a language never before heard of.
The man, human in form, with his pale white face, a scar across his left
cheek, started to laugh.  He waved his hand and a thousand pair of silver
white eyes popped out of the vast darkness that encompassed the horizon of
the wasteland.

"It is time!"  The man continued to laugh, and it sinisterly echoed
throughout the whole existence of that dimension.   Something was about to
happen, something that was foreseen a long time ago was about to be
fulfilled.  "It is time, prepare!"  The clapping and howling was deafening,
and the solitary man seemed to be enjoying every minute of it.


-----

End of Prologue

-----


Created February 14, 1998


NOTES:

If you find some inconsistencies, please tell me.
If you like it, please support me
If you hate it, don't talk to me. ^_^
If you love someone else, kiss her for me. ^_-
Hey, it's Valentine.