Ryoko's Profiles: Aeka
By BGlanders

*****

Bitch.  That's the best word that best sums up the First Crown Princess of
Jurai.
  She's a greedy, over-bearing, selfish, lying, manipulative little bitch.
Hmm, maybe I 
 Should go easy on her...

Naw.

     As much as I hate to say this, Aeka's attitude towards me isn't entirely
unwarranted.  After all, I did try to kill her and her entire royal court.
Hey, that wasn't my fault, that was Kagato's.  If it were up to me, I probably
would have avoided Jurai like the plague.

     Aeka grew up surrounded by luxury.  She never had a want that couldn't be
fulfilled, never a desire that her pampers couldn't provide.  She grew up in a
fairy-tale world where everyone loved her, where everyone made her happy.

     It took me a while to realize that maybe Aeka (I can't believe I'm saying
this) and I have more in common that we think.  Both of us grew up under a
microscope; I was under Kagato's while she was under Jurai's.  I was denied
love while she was offered false feelings from would-be suitors.  We grew up
in solitude, but at least she had Sasami and her mom, I had nothing.  She
thinks that her life as a child was hell.  She has no idea what hell is.

     When she first came to Earth, she had one goal on her pea-sized brain;
marry Yosho.  Almost instantly she turned her 'love' towards Tenchi.  She says
it was because Tenchi was unlike anyone she had ever met before.  I know the
truth though; she was jealous.  She knew that Tenchi and I had a bond between
us and she was bound and determined to see that bond shattered.  If I didn't
exist, she would have brushed Tenchi off in a heartbeat.

     She has only one goal, to rule.  She doesn't have her court, so she
improvises on Tenchi and Mihoshi.  Tenchi does what she asks out of
politeness, while Mihoshi is following the orders of the Crown.  She's starved
for attention and will do anything to get it.  She wants everyone to think of
her as the sweet, innocent little virgin princess.  Humph.  Who does she think
she's kidding?  She's a bigger disgrace than I could ever be every time she
screams out, 'Miss Ryoko, let go of Lord Tenchi!' I swear she thinks he's a
god or something.  Come on, 'Lord?'  Tenchi may have been a gift from the
gods, but he's no Supreme Being.

     I still remember that night she tried to sleep with him.  We had finally
gotten everyone out of the way, and she was making her way towards Tenchi's
bedroom.  She flatly denied it, but when someone's hormones are so potent that
they can be smelled from across the house, they aren't heading to the man of
their dreams bedchambers to 'quietly converse'.  She probably would have
gotten away with her sick little scheme if I hadn't been there to stop her.
Just the thought of that flat-chested slut trying to seduce Tenchi... Now the
thought of me seducing him?  That's a different story all together...

     Now don't think I haven't tried to make friends to that prissy little
bitch, I have.  I even tried opening up to her once in the hot springs.  I
poured out a piece of my soul that had remained locked up for 700 years, and
all she could do was tear my feelings to shreds.  I actually thought that I
could bury the hatchet between us, that we could start over, you know?  All
she did was laugh at my feelings, my body, my background.  In a heartbeat she
had reverted into what I've started to call 'Bitch-cess mode'; a royal wit
behind a tongue like a dagger.  

     I can't count how many nights I've dreamed of her death.  I've thought of
everything; beheading, dismemberment, burning, torture, beating the shit out
of her with my bare hands, everything.  I've thought of it, and wished for any
one of these to come true, but when we were on the Soja, I saved her from that
falling pillar.  I could have let her get crushed, to see my greatest dream
fulfilled, but I opted to save her life.  After all, there was no need to kill
her since Tenchi had died. I may have killed in my lifetime, but I'm no
murderer.  Then to find out Tenchi was alive after all, I had only one thought
regarding my saving Aeka's life; damn.

     Sasami would make such a better princess.  If I had to give Tenchi up to
anyone (not saying I would, mind you) I would give him to Sasami.  She's light
years beyond Aeka in every respect.  Sometimes I have to wonder how a bitch
like Aeka and an angel like Sasami could ever possibly be related.

     Aeka calls me a demon.  She calls me a monster.  Tell me, when someone
cares enough to pour out all their feelings, their soul in order to make
friends.  When someone saves a person's life, even though for all intensive
purposes life would be easier with that person dead, and then to have that
person call their savior, their would-be friend a demon and a monster, I ask
you; who's the real monster? 

*****

Well, there's another one finished and off to press.  I've got a Washu one
lying around here, and personally I think it's my best one yet, now if only I
could find it...

Please send some C&C, and read some of my other stuff.  If you have a strong
stomach, read LEGENDS, it's the first part in my attempt to crossover Tenchi
Muyo and Sailormoon.  I know, the thought is too frightening to think, but I
thunk it, so cope.  

All Tenchi characters, places, crap, whatever are property of AIC and Pioneer.
See ya later folks!!!

All C&c should be directed to BGlanders@aol.com 