Reality Check

This story is yet another little ficlet I wrote when I should have been working 
on my Master's Project.  It 
takes place after the events of "Mother's Day", which in its self takes place 
after "Ghost in the Machine". 
And if you want to start at the very beginning, read "Little Ryoko" first.



Mini Chapter One


Deep purple sparks blossomed into sprays of gold and orange against the night 
sky, wreathing trails of 
smoke in their wake.  As soon as the colors faded away, a sharp pop heralded 
another display this time in 
reds and greens.

"Yay!" Sasami giggled, waving an ignited sparkler around, creating lingering 
arcs of light in wide circles.  
Ryo-Ohki jumped at the sparks and batted at them with her paws, crying out her 
delight in soft meows.


It was mid-summer now, and to escape the heat most of the Masaki household was 
gathered on the  porch, 
enjoying ice cold lemonade and Yosho's pyrotechnic display.  Only missing was 
Ayeka who had taken to 
seclusion as she came to terms with Tenchi and Ryoko's relationship.  Even Washu 
had been coaxed out of 
her lab to participate, her hair glowing and changing hue under the colorful 
explosions.  

Washu smiled at Sasami's antics and took a long drink of tea.  She shifted, 
trying to get more comfortable.  
She permanently wore her adult form now, as it seemed more appropriate.  She was 
a mother after all. 
However, having more mass made sitting on the hard wooden porch less comfortable 
than it had been when 
she was lighter.  Washu smirked as Sasami barely avoided singeing Mihoshi with 
the sparkler. Thank every 
deity that little Ryoko had never been near fireworks during her childhood.  
Disaster would be an 
understatement.  Her developing powers had been enough on their own, thank you.  
Speaking of which, 
where was Ryoko anyway?  She had been sitting by her only moments ago.

Washu looked around and noticed Tenchi was missing as well.  Those two. they 
were worse than 
honeymooners.  A quick check of her mental link with her daughter allowed her to 
pinpoint Ryoko's 
current location.  Washu got to her feet and walked over to Yosho as he set up 
the next rocket.  Smiling at 
him, she changed its angle just before he lit the fuse.

Yosho met her eyes with a mischievous grin.  He knew exactly what she was up to 
and agreed completely. 
It was time for two certain youngsters to be social.  He touched the glowing end 
of the puck to the fuse and 
stood by Washu to watch the show.

The rocket whizzed towards the porch, eliciting a shocked scream from the 
spectators which turned into a 
sigh of relief as the slope of its trajectory carried the rocket up to the roof, 
where it exploded in a shower of 
sea foam green sparks.

"Hey!" squawked an unhappy Ryoko from the other, hidden, slope of the roof.  

The people on the porch erupted into laughter.

"Ha. Ha. Laugh it up," complained a charred Ryoko as she and Tenchi appeared, 
hand in hand, in front of 
Washu and Yosho.

Washu reached over and rubbed a bit of soot off of Ryoko's cheek.  "Ready to 
join us now?"

"You could have just asked us, you know, like normal people," Ryoko stated in 
mild annoyance as she 
brushed more soot off of her teal and pink dress.

" `Normal' ? "  Washu snorted.

"Yes, Tenchi could have been hurt," Ryoko said tightly, some of her old, bitter 
feelings towards her mother 
boiling to the surface of her mind.  "You can't go around blowing things up 
around him."

Washu recoiled a little, sensing a tiny flavor of Ryoko's feelings through the 
link.  "I'm sorry," she 
apologized hastily, hurt that Ryoko was reacting this way.

Yosho crossed his arms.  "Consider it part of his training.  Someday someone may 
surprise him with 
something more dangerous than stones," he intoned, referring to his habit of 
pelting Tenchi with small 
rocks to make him stay aware of his surroundings.

Ryoko shrugged as if it didn't matter, but her eyes still flashed.  She might be 
getting along with people 
better these days, but she still could not tolerate anyone endangering her 
Tenchi.

Seeing this, Tenchi gently took her hand.  "Let's just watch the fireworks, 
Okay? It's fun."

Her expression softening, Ryoko nodded.   She allowed Tenchi to lead her to the 
porch where they settled 
with Ryoko leaning against Tenchi's chest.

Washu watched this interchange and wondered how Tenchi did it.  That boy 
certainly had more going for 
him than the ability to conjure the lighthawk wings.

Yosho laid a hand on Washu's shoulder and looked down on her.  "Love changes 
everything, doesn't it?" 
he observed wisely.

Washu nodded, her mouth twisting into an annoyed slash.  Love had helped Ryoko 
begin to overcome her 
personal demons, but it was also consuming her.  Washu never would have put 
Tenchi in danger, she had 
calculated the rocket's trajectory perfectly.  Ryoko should have known that.  
Besides what else could she 
have done to get her daughter's attention?  Ryoko was spending so much time with 
Tenchi, Washu hardly 
saw her anymore.  Washu crossed her arms and scowled.  Who could blame her for a 
little prank?

In short, she was jealous.

Seeing Washu's downswing in mood, Yosho gathered up handfuls of firecrackers, 
the kind that served only 
to make loud noise, and passed them around.  Soon the yard was full of laughter 
and mini explosions as 
everyone set them off.  

Trying to shake off her mood, Washu made some quick alterations to her 
firecrackers and joined in the fun.

Sasami giggled and lit the fuse of her firecracker.  Before she could throw it 
down she noticed that Washu's 
firecrackers had somehow been taught to sing a naughty tune right before they 
went off.  "Wow!" she 
giggled, forgetting what she was holding.

"Sasami!" Ryoko shouted batting the cracker out of her hand just before it 
exploded.

The blast caught Ryoko's hand instead, and she screeched as the small, but 
focused explosion burned her 
hand.

Sasami stumbled backwards in shock, tears welling in her eyes as she feared for 
Ryoko's safety.

Ryoko hissed and shook her hand in the air, trying to get the sting out.  "Oh, 
geeze!"

"I'm sorry Ryoko!  You could have lost your hand!" Sasami wailed throwing her 
arms around Ryoko's 
waist. Her face was hidden, but the quivers in her blue pony-tails revealed her 
tears.

"Hey there Kiddo, I'm okay.  I'll take more than a little fire cracker to hurt 
me!" Ryoko said patting 
Sasami's head.  She narrowed her eyes and looked at Washu.  < Mom, I can't 
believe you.> 

Sasami pulled back and looked intently into Ryoko's yellow eyes.  "Really?"

<What did I do?>  Washu snapped waspishly across their link.

Ryoko ignored Washu for the moment and smiled down at Sasami.  "See?" she said, 
showing Sasami her 
intact hands.  "Be careful okay?"

"Okay!" Sasami said clearly, her earlier vibrancy returning.  "I promise!"  She 
selected a safer sparkler and 
was soon back to dashing about and chasing Ryo-Ohki.

Ryoko returned her gaze to Washu.  <Don't goof off when the little one is 
playing with explosives.>

Washu crossed her arms, hating to be chastised by her own daughter, and the fact 
that Ryoko was right 
made even harder to bear. She frowned, but nodded her agreement.

Ryoko relaxed.  "Thanks.  I don't want her to get hurt."

Washu's annoyance was mediated by feelings of pride.  Ryoko had a maternal 
capacity to her that few 
would ever guess. The depth of care and protection Ryoko unconsciously offered 
Sasami was 
heartwarming. And besides, Ryoko had just called her `Mom' during a fit of pique 
instead of reverting to 
`Washu'.  It was hard to stay annoyed at someone she loved so dearly.  Maybe 
they should spend more 
one-on-one time together.  

Washu slid an arm around Ryoko's shoulders.  "What do you say to a drink?"

Ryoko arched an eyebrow.  "There's some sake here on the porch."

"I was thinking more of a good glass of red wine and fresh oysters on the half 
shell."

"Now?" Ryoko asked a little surprised.

"Sure, why not?  I think these firecrackers make you too nervous anyway," Washu 
said knowingly.

Ryoko winced, sheepishly.  "You're right.  They remind me too much of. the 
past."

"Let's go then." Washu nudged Ryoko with her hip and they started to amble off 
to the house.

Ryoko looked back over her shoulder and made eye contact with Tenchi.  He nodded 
with a smile and 
made shooing motions with his hands, letting her know he didn't mind her leaving 
him on such short 
notice.

Washu caught the exchange and snickered darkly.  "Getting permission from 
Tenchi?" she teased, the edge 
to her voice surprising even her.

"No," Ryoko said with a tone of annoyance.  "I was just making sure he didn't 
mind."

"Oh, there's the difference," Washu said dryly.


Mini Chapter Two


The two women sat at a quiet table in a private lounge high atop a Science 
Academy building.  The 
Penthouse's glass ceiling revealed a clear sky and the streaking lights of a 
meteor shower.  The inside was 
decorated in muted tones of blue and green.  Overstuffed chairs pushed right up 
to the glass tables and 
candlelight made it a place of peace and relaxation. Only the top professors and 
their guests had access 
here. It had been, of old, a regular hang out for Ryoko and Washu.

Ryoko dreamily watched the falling stars as she sipped from her wineglass.  "I 
always loved coming here.  
I remember now."

Washu smiled quietly and nodded.  "You did.  If you hadn't been so in love with 
rocks, I might have 
thought you would be an astronomer."

Ryoko tilted her head. "Hmmm. I think if my life had been more straightforward I 
might have been both," 
she said wistfully.  

Washu's lips angled downward as she picked up on her daughter's mood.  "It's not 
too late for that.  You 
know I want you to go back to school," she said her earnestness making her crab-
leg-like bangs quiver a 
little.

"So remind me, how do they position this building in order to catch all of the 
really neat atmospheric 
effects?" Ryoko asked idly, clearly avoiding the subject at hand.

Washu selected an oyster from the silver serving plate.  "You know as well as I 
do that they can control the 
cloud cover, and that there are always interesting atmospheric effects going on 
around here. It's the 
Astronomy Department's planet, after all."

"Oh, right." Ryoko shrugged and took an oyster as well. She placed the shell to 
her lips, tilted it back, and 
swallowed the slick muscle in one gulp, smacking her lips as it slid down her 
throat.  "Hey, I know!  Let's 
do some oyster shots!"

Washu refilled their glasses with wine and shook her head. A drunken Ryoko would 
be even harder to talk 
to. "And to think the last time I brought you here you were only interested in 
the banana split sundaes."

Ryoko's eye's sparkled.  "That sounds really good!" She motioned to a waiter.

Washu turned pale green.  "Ice cream and oysters? Ugh, you can't be serious."

"Ice cream, oysters, and Merlot!" Ryoko said with a wink.  She turned to the 
waiter.  "One banana split 
sundae please!"  She slid an eye over to her grossed-out mother.  "With two 
spoons."

Washu folded her hands and watched Ryoko inhale the ice cream.  For safety's 
sake she had asked the 
waiter to remove the remaining oysters and wine.  A steaming cup of coffee sat 
untouched by her right 
elbow. She was busy watching her present daughter and an overlay from the past 
dance before her eyes.

.. A teenaged Ryoko sat uncomfortably in her chair, hers eyes puffy and red from 
recent tears, despite her 
attempts to act like nothing was wrong.  Her fork toyed listlessly with her 
dinner, and she was ignoring the 
spectacular comet tracing across the sky above their heads.  Washu looked across 
the table at her daughter 
with true concern.

"Ryoko, are you okay?"

Ryoko nodded, pushing a vegetable around her plate.

"Sweetie, something happened in the cave didn't it?"

Ryoko looked up in surprise.  She brushed the locks of hair that usually hung 
before her ears behind them.  
"Who told you?" she asked quietly.

"Your body did. You usually are happy after we explore the caves.  You are not 
happy now. So, as the 
greatest scientific genius."

".in the universe, you can only make a logical guess." Ryoko finished with a 
tired smile. "Mom. You 
need a new line."

Washu smiled at her daughter's attempt to change the topic.  "Won't you tell me 
what happened, my little 
Ryoko?"

Ryoko hunched her shoulders and looked down at the table.  "I got lost.  I 
wasn't paying attention.  I ended 
up alone in the `Fat Man's Misery' part of the cave."

Washu nodded. She hated that part of the cave herself.  It was very deep within 
the caverns, a tight, wavy 
fissure cut into the rock by an ancient trickle of water.  There were body 
measurement rules about who 
could and could not safely fit through that section of the trail.  Even for 
people as lithe as she and Ryoko it 
was uncomfortably narrow.  "But you weren't gone very long.  I hardly noticed 
you had left us."

"I wanted to check out a calcite formation, to see if it had changed since we 
had last been by it."  Ryoko 
paused and gulped.

Washu waited patiently.  Ryoko was clearly working herself up to tell the whole 
story.

"So I phased through the rock, trying to take a short cut," Ryoko said softly, 
looking up at Washu expecting 
a reprimand.  She had just started to learn about that ability and wasn't 
supposed to do it unsupervised.

Washu's lips tightened, but she chose her words carefully.  Any scolding now 
would just silence Ryoko.  
"Well, since you sneak and do it at home, I can see why you would do it at the 
cave also," she said calmly 
trying to keep the irritation out of her voice.

Ryoko smiled weakly.  It figured that Washu knew about that. "Anyway. I got lost 
in the rock. It - it went 
on and on forever.  I couldn't see, and I couldn't breathe," Ryoko's voice 
tremored with the remembered 
fear.  "It took me a little while to remember that I didn't need to breathe if I 
didn't want to.  I finally figured 
out which way to go and found the trail again.  I was just behind you guys."

Washu swallowed thickly.  Ryoko would have died if she had been dependent on 
oxygen.  Her knuckles 
whitened as she gripped the edge of the table.  Thank goodness Ryoko had been 
designed otherwise.  
Washu motioned to the waiter.  She murmured something to him and looked at Ryoko 
sternly.

"So you can see why I might make some simple requests of you?" she asked grimly.

Ryoko let out a puff of air and nodded, sensing what was coming next.

"It's always pushing the limits with you, Ryoko.  I do not make rules to 
inconvenience you. I do it to keep 
you safe." Washu stretched out her fingers and her holographic laptop appeared 
under them. She began to 
type.  "Since you cannot follow the rules, I have inhibited your teleportation 
ability.  I will only re-engage 
it when we are training together. Understood?"

"Yes, mother," Ryoko said meekly.

"And you are grounded for two weeks. That means no class trip to Jurai this 
weekend."

Ryoko groaned, but wisely stayed silent.

Washu arched a brow. "I don't want to hear it.  You brought this on yourself."

The waiter unobtrusively set a banana split between he two of them and deftly 
handed each a spoon.

Washu took the first bite.  "I'm glad you are okay my little Ryoko," Washu said 
around a mouthful of hot 
fudge.  She was never one to linger over an infraction once punishment had been 
dealt.  This most 
important thing was Ryoko's well being.

Ryoko relaxed and took up her own spoon.  There were few ills that ice cream 
couldn't cure..


Letting the memory of the past fade away, Washu watched her grown daughter 
eating the ice cream with a 
child-like gusto.  She smiled, happy Ryoko had somehow made it to adulthood in 
one piece despite her 
many difficulties. She retrieved the spare spoon and licked off the strawberry 
syrup coating its bowl.  
Maybe her jealousy wasn't fair.  Of course it wasn't. 

Washu regarded her spoon thoughtfully.  She just wanted Ryoko to realize her 
full potential. She had so 
many dreams for her.  And as a mom, she had a duty to help Ryoko succeed.

As she carefully scooped up some ice cram she asked a casual question. "So are 
you going to ignore my 
statement about school?"

Ryoko swallowed and waved her spoon around.  "School.  Can you see me in a 
school?  I sure as hell 
can't."

"Why not?  You are more than smart enough for the Academy. Waaaay more," Washu 
said, deftly beating 
Ryoko to the last maraschino cherry.

"Yeah, well, I may have the brains, but I've forgotten so much that I used to 
know," Ryoko turned her eyes 
back to the shooting stars, longing to lose herself amongst their streaking 
light. "I wouldn't know where to 
start in school."

"You are a free woman now.  You can do what ever you want with your life," Washu 
stated firmly, 
knowing Ryoko was really referring to how much her life had been interrupted and 
changed by Kagato.

"But what am I good for now? Really?" Ryoko sighed.  "I don't have a lot of 
ambitions anymore.  I just 
want to be happy."

Washu nodded.  "What makes you happy?"

A dreamy smile drifted across Ryoko's lips.  "Tenchi."

Washu chuckled uncomfortably.  "I knew that. But what else?"

Ryoko frowned.  "I don't need anything else."

Washu frowned back.  "So you are just going to be Tenchi's wife? That's it?!" 
she asked incredulously.

"Hold your horses. Who said anything about getting married?  And if we did, 
what's wrong with being 
Tenchi's wife?" Ryoko growled.

Washu placed her palms flat against the table and leaned forward.  "I'll tell 
you what's wrong with it!" 
Washu roared.  "I gave you too much intelligence, attitude and talents for you 
to throw it all away by 
becoming a house wife!"

"Well I'm not you!  I don't want to be "The Universe's Greatest" ANYTHING!  Stop 
trying to run my 
life!" Ryoko roared back.

They both started at each other, their faces flushed with pique.  Then, almost 
at the same time, the corners 
of their mouths began to twitch. Soon they were both leaning back in their 
chairs laughing with abandon.

"Did - did we just have a normal `mother/daughter' argument?" Ryoko wheezed.

Washu nodded happily.  "Yes we did.  That has been brewing for weeks. Couldn't 
you feel it coming? Oh, 
but I feel better now it's over," she said holding her aching side.

"If you are wondering whether or not you were annoying the hell out of me, then 
the answer would have to 
be yes," Ryoko said tartly, sending the two of them back into gales of laughter.

Washu basked in the normalcy of it all.  During her darkest hours, suspend in a 
crystal prison, Washu had 
given up hope of being with her daughter ever again.  Lately they had been 
learning to love each other 
again.  And now, they were feeling secure enough to have a little fight. This 
was real.  A real, human 
relationship with her daughter. 

<Ryoko, I'm just asking you not to pin your entire identity on Tenchi.  There is 
so much more to you than 
that,> Washu whispered lovingly into Ryoko's mind.

<Mom,> Ryoko thought back warningly.

Washu pressed on.  <It's not fair to Tenchi.  You can't ask him to bring all 
meaning to your life, its too big 
a burden for him.>

<. . .> Ryoko was silent, but a feeling of honest consideration flavored her 
side of the mental connection.

Washu reached across the table and took Ryoko's hand.  <I know this all new to 
you.  Just take your time 
and never give up on yourself.>

Ryoko grinned with a wryness that she felt to the tips of her toes.  She had 
been dependant on Kagato for 
everything, even for her very life.  To be independent was new. It was scary.  
And the most annoying thing 
was that Washu was right.  Again. She squeezed Washu's hand back.

"I'll try," she said slowly, not wanting to make a commitment to any course of 
action just yet.

Washu nodded and closed down her side of the link and busied herself with the 
check.  Ryoko was still 
getting used to her freedom. Being free for such a short time was only a blink 
in the scheme of Ryoko's 
long torments.  She needed time to adjust.  But one thing was for certain, Washu 
needed to provide 
guidance not control. Ryoko needed to find her way on her own, even if Washu 
felt certain she knew what 
was best for her daughter.

Yes, being a mother was wonderful, but it was difficult too.





