Disclaimer: These characters belong to AIC and Pioneer
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Red Waters
                                  Ryoko's Pain

	This isn't supposed to be how it ends.  Not at all.  I'm not sure how it
was supposed to end anymore, but this was not it.
	I keep telling myself that there is nothing I could've done.  I admit 
that the signs were there, but there was no way I could've known what they 
meant.  And it's the truth.  Nobody else figured it out either, and Tenchi and 
Washu are much better at reading people than I am.
	Somehow that doesn't make me feel better.
	The first signs were this morning.  Ayeka froze, right in the middle of
eating, her food inches from her mouth.  Without a word, she stood up, and left.
I figured it was just "that time of the month."  Tenchi followed her, with
Sasami behind him.  Hey.  His funeral.
	After breakfast, I went to the roof, to rest in the sun.  After a short
catnap, I noticed her.  She was washing her white robes, the ones she first
showed up in. I think they're her official ones or something, but I never really
cared.  She hadn't worn them since, which made me curious.  They looked pretty
clean to me, but she kept washing them.
	"You know, if you don't stop that soon, you'll be the first person ever 
to bleach white." I said with as much insult in my voice as I could muster.
	Ayeka froze for a second, then continued her work.  "I must make sure. 
It is important that they are spotless for what is to come."
	"And that is?"
	"Just some Jurian diplomacy.  I must deliver a message.  Do not trouble
yourself, Miss Ryoko." Now it's hard to see a tear fall into sloshing, soapy
water, but the more I think back, the more I'm positive that it was.
	Damn!  That was some message she sent!
	I spent the rest of the morning tormenting her, occasionally teleporting
out to check on Tenchi.  When she went to clean her room, I hovered in the air,
pointing out dirt spots that didn't exist, and stuff like that.  Ayeka didn't
snap at me once.  The more I taunted her, the more she worked.  And the lower
her shoulders dropped.  I didn't notice that at the time either, but I
should've.  I guess, technically, I did, but I didn't acknowledge it.
	She finished working to watch our favorite soap, the one that the whole
family, short of Nobuyuki and Katsuhito, gather to watch, the one that even
Ayeka and I put aside our differences so we can watch without interruption.
	Except this time.  Ayeka kept staring at me.
	"Hey!  Cut that out!  Watch the stupid program, Princess!" I'd snapped
at her.
	"Sorry, Miss Ryoko." She'd murmur and avert her eyes
	"Shh!" the others would hiss.
	And then, several minutes later, I'd notice her watching me again.  The
entire scene repeated itself every five minutes.  Ayeka had found a new way to
annoy me.
	And I believed that.
	Then Ayeka ate a very big lunch.
	"With that kind of appetite, it's no wonder that Tenchi likes me better
than you." There!  That should get her.  Just to be safe... "What, did Tenchi
knock you up or something?"
	I don't think Ayeka even heard me.  Her entire mind seemed to be focused 
on eating.
	After lunch, she disappeared on a walk.  I could've found her, but that
would be too much work.  Besides, I didn't care.  This gave me free time to
flirt with Tenchi.
	She didn't come back until evening, when we were watching the news. 
Well, THEY were watching the news.  I just wanted to be with Tenchi.
	Ayeka came in very slowly, drawing everybody's attention to her.  Slowly
her eyes moved from person to person, studying each of us.  I didn't like it.
She seemed to be memorizing every detail about me.
	"If anybody needs me, I shall be in our room.  Please, do not interrupt
me unless it is important, I do not wish to be disturbed."
	Slowly she disappeared up the stairs.  She had the strangest face.  I'm
not good at reading those kinds of faces.  Even now, I have no idea what she
was feeling, what was going through her head and heart.
	"Miya?" Ryo-oki asked.
	"I don't know, Ryo-oki." I smiled.  This was my last attempt.  If this
didn't get Ayeka, I must have slipped into a parallel universe.  "Maybe she's
creating a secret carrot stash."
	That was all Ryo-oki needed.  Dropping into her cabbit form, she darted
up the stairs.
	"Shh!" Tenchi hushed with a smile on his face.  We listened, and, sure
enough, a soft thud was heard, as Ryo-oki forgot to phase through the door.
	Everybody burst out laughing.
	"Wait!" Tenchi said through his laughs.  We listened for it again, when
Ayeka would inevitably chase her out.
	For a long time, no sound came.  For some reason, Ayeka's face floated
in my mind, wearing that strange expression that I could not read.  Then we 
heard a loud crack, as Ryo-oki came bolting down the stairs.
	"Ryo-oki!" I gasped.  "Slow down!" I clutched my head, as Ryo-oki's
thoughts filled my mind.  I tried sending her some soothing, warm thoughts,
about Tenchi and carrots, to calm her down, but she didn't even seem to notice
them.
	Ayeka, sleeping.  Something was wrong about the way she slept.  She wore
soft pink robes.  Red water flowed from her futon, across the floor.
	Pink robes...
	Red water...
	"Oh my god!" I screamed as I teleported into Ayeka's room.  And it was
true.  Ayeka lay there, sleeping serenely, a silver dagger plunged through her
heart, a piece of paper in next to her head.  The blood had stained her dress a
beautiful pink, and it flowed, across the floor like red water.  Tenchi knelt in
the doorway, sobbing, the blood lapping against his legs.
	This isn't supposed to be how it ends.  I am supposed to win Tenchi,
make him realize that he loves me in a way he could never love Ayeka.  Or at 
least Ayeka wins, and makes him realize he loves her as he could not love me.  
But this... I cannot win be default...It's blasphemy.
	"Tenchi?  Ayeka?  What happened?" Oh no!  Sasami!  I turned to the door.
I gasped as Tenchi backhanded Sasami, Sasami went crashing into Mihoshi's room.
Tenchi leapt up and locked the door.
	I stared at Ayeka's form in disbelief for God knows how long.
	With a sigh, I teleported into Mihoshi's room.
	Sasami crouched, prepared to dart out the door the moment somebody
opened it.
	"Sasami..." I whispered.
	"What's going on?  Where's my sister?  I want to talk to Ayeka!"
	"You can't." I said, fighting back the tears.  I had to be strong.
Sasami needed me to be strong.  "Not now."
	"When?  When will I be able to see her?"
	"Never..." Was all I could say as I exploded into tears.  I failed.  I
could not be strong for Sasami.  I was weak.
	"That's not funny Ryoko." She yelled.
	"It's true." I choked on my emotions.
	"You're lying!" Sasami screamed, hatred flaring in her eyes.  That
looked so odd.  Hatred was completely "not-Sasami" and it was a complete 
contrast to her innocent face and soft pink eyes.
	I only had a moment to observe this before she struck me.
	My ultimate defense.  I enjoy pain.  I'm not sure why, but I do.  Did
Kagato program that into me?  Or did I create it myself, as a way to block the
anguish of those dark deeds, to accept them.
	However, this did nothing against Sasami's attack.  I had only felt this
kind of pain twice before, when I came in contact with the master-key.  I do not
understand why I cannot enjoy this pain as I enjoy other pain.  Perhaps it is
because Tsunami is the Goddess of Life, and it is not actually pain, but rather
absense of no-pain.  I'll probably never understand it, just as I will never
understand why I feel good when my body is struck.
	Sasami's attack filled me with this alternate pain.  It sapped my
strength, dropping me to the floor, and there was nothing I could do, as it
ravished my life energies.
	"I'm...sorry..." I gasped.  I do not know who I was apologizing to.
Ayeka,for not realizing what she was going to do, until it was too late?  Tenchi 
for not sparing him from the pain of Ayeka's death?  Sasami assumed that I
apologized to her, for she dropped her attack, but I do not think that was it.
	I was apologizing to myself, for letting everything fall apart, even as
it did.
	My earlier thoughts were wrong.  It was not supposed to end with one of 
us winning Tenchi over the other, although that's what we both thought.  The 
true ending was not supposed to exist.  It was supposed to continue in the same
manner, forever.  Sasami cooking, Ryo-oki eating carrots, Ayeka and I engaging
in friendly little fights.  Nothing was supposed to change.
	The ending is not wrong, although it isn't right either, it can't be.
When I think about it, I have no idea how else it could've ended.  There were
others possibilities of course, but I do not know what they were.  I'm pretty
sure that all of them would have been sad, some not as sad as this, possibly
some even sadder.  Not that it mattered, for this was the ending, whether it be
right or wrong.
	It's not that the ending is wrong, but rather that there was not
supposed to be an ending at all.
	Sadly, I teleported back into Ayeka's room.  Tenchi would need me.  I
needed Tenchi.
	Mihoshi lay unconscious on the floor.  Tenchi was not in sight!
	The note!  I hurried to Ayeka's side, but the note was gone.  Tenchi
had taken it.  Where was he?
	I felt Ryo-oki transform.  Tenchi was with her.  I teleported outside,
but Ryo-oki was already out of the atmosphere.  The anger in her mind blocked
out any attempts to communicate with her.  I could get very little from
Ryo-oki's mind.  Images of her trying to befriend Ayeka came out more than 
anything else.  Ryo-oki had just lost a great friend, one that she had worked
very hard to get.  And she didn't understand why.  But Tenchi did, and Tenchi
would make things right.  At least that's what Ryo-oki thinks.  I'm not so sure.
	"Tenchi...Ryo-oki...what are you doing?"
	What is it that Tenchi knows?  What can he possibly do, and why does he
need my Ryo-oki?  Why can't he need me too?  I need to do something, or, at
least, to have someone with me.
	I enjoy pain.  But not this kind of pain.  It hurt even more than
Tsunami's pain.
	This isn't supposed to be how it ends.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
C&C lighthawkwings@masakishrine.com