Regretful Messiah

Note: These characters are not mine, they are property of Pioneer and AIC
and
no one else. This story is mine but if you want to use it any way just
e-mail
me at JZDs@aol.com. Send any complements, criticisms, and spelling
correction
I need to make there too. If you are completely clueless on the OVA Tenchi
Muyo series, go to the bottom of this story and the notes contain all the
information you need.

    It had been two Terran months since Tenchi had left Jurai and his post
as
Emperor having essentially killed all the government officials on Juria when
he destroyed the royal capital. They had tried to force him into conquering
the universe in the name of Juria, tried to make him start a Jihad. He
refused, but only after a short campaign in which he killed several billion
in wars with the old League of Democratic Worlds.
    Upon returning to his grandfather's shrine, which he had left less than
half a year ago to him, he found eight years had passed.
    His grandfather had shed his disguise completely and carried the Master
Key at his side constantly, except when Sasami needed to use Tsunami.
Mihoshi
and Kiyone had returned to Galaxy Police, and their exploits with the new
Jurian Emperor had become the stuff of legend around the GP. Kiyone was
promoted to head of GP station thirty-two while Mihoshi's grandfather had
her
appointed his personal aid and bodyguard. To Kiyone's delight, the positions
were about two hundred light years apart.
    Washu left the portal to her lab in the house but had moved her lab into
an uncharted area of sub space. Ryoko'd disappeared completely a week before
Tenchi'd left for Jurai. Ryo-Oki'd gone with her master. Tenchi's daughter,
Mayuka, was thankfully visiting her Aunt Sasami and wasn't left in the
empire
that considered her the bastard child of the greatest traitor in Empyreal
history.
    Sasami had opted to stay and take care of the shrine and her nephew in
law. She had bloomed into a beautiful woman since he left, almost the
spitting image of Tsunami now. She was barely thirteen when he left but now
she was Tenchi's age.
Inside the lake was his late father in law/great grandfather's wedding gift,
the battleship Tsunami. Tenchi'd left it here on Earth because the owner of
the Master Key refused to leave and Sasami'd need the ship to finish the
assimilation. Besides, he was more powerful than an entire fleet of Tsunamis
and the tree helped support his life was Tsunami and she was safer here.
    He knew all this before he was even to the planet though. Sasami had
insisted that he be connected with the rest of the household before he'd
gone
on his forced Jihad. Tenchi landed about a mile from the main house. He
needed to think, and he thought best on his long walks. About three-quarters
of the way back he heard Yosho coming down the same path he was on. He
quickly used an ability he used far too frequently on Jurai to slip out of
an
idiotic meeting and fell into sub space. By accident he fell into Little
Washu's lab. "Huh, Tenchi!" the twenty three thousand year old child
exclaimed. She'd missed Tenchi more than she'd let on. She'd buried herself
in work for over almost a  decade now, barely coming out to eat.
    Now she'd latched herself around Tenchi's waist, not waiting to hear his
reason for coming home. 'Finally, maybe this'll brighten up Sasami's days.
She's been a little to melancholy for our tastes lately. Hasn't even had a
boyfriend for about a year.' Washu thought as she began to let go of the
former Emperor. "Tenchi! You're home! But why didn't you send a message that
you were coming?"
    Tenchi's face began to pale. "That's the thing, uhhhhh, did you detect a
big change in Jurian space about an hour, I mean a month ago?"
    "Well, yeah, it seemed like your kind of power but I figured it wasn't
anything important, after all, you've got more power even than the gems.
Why'd you ask?"
"Because I'd just destroyed the Jurian capital."
    Washu was horrified at the news. He was the people's Emperor, not some
kind of heartless monster. Sure, the government had convinced him to go on a
universe wide Jihad that destroyed a dozen planets and required he become
one
of the first Jurian emperors to practice polygamy and marry into the ruling
class of every civilization he conquered. But that was all in the past. He
was Emperor now, and the other wives left him alone. "Tenchi, why? Where's
Ayaka?"
    "Dead. The Congress had decided to kill you and take your technology.
They also wanted to destroy whole civilizations in Juria's name for a few
more resources. Ayaka'd made up a plan to take over Earth, enslave the
populace, and kill her sister. And worst of all, they were going to make me
do it all."
    "WHAT!?"
    "I renounced my title as Emperor when I found the plans and killed
Ayaka.
Then I shifted the entire royal capital into useless resources and dust. I
came back to think, don't tell Sasami or Yosho, it was hard enough on them
when they found out their father had lost his mind and killed their mothers.
Dad's got enough stress with the women who come into and out of his life and
house. Especially with his heart condition."
    "Don't worry about that, your father's in the city, he move back a few
days ago. He wants to start up a new business. Yosho's been out in the
forest
seeking some guidance from the shrine gods. Sasami's…, oh dear. Tenchi,
you'd
better get to Tsunami quick, Sasami's about to send you daughter home…"
She
finished just as  Tenchi landed on the bridge.

*       *       *

    "Time to go home Mayuka." Sasami said cheerfully as she started the main
engine with the Master Key Yosho'd lent her so she could go see Tenchi.
She'd
begun to realize something wrong with her sister after the marriage was
announced, but she reasoned it was Tsunami thinking but after a while she
realized that she never saw any affection between Tenchi and Ayaka in the
whole time on Earth. She began to see that Ayaka ignored all of Tenchi's
advances but if anyone ever called him on it he said that they did things in
private.
    But that didn't matter now, she was going home with Mayuka. Mayuka'd
brightened up her life so much. After Tenchi'd left, she'd almost killed
herself but Tsunami sped up the assimilation to help her deal with his
departure. It helped her realize just how much she loved him. Ayaka'd
manipulated Tenchi into the empyreal dynasty that was being created. 'Why
can't he see was Ayaka's been doing to him. She hoped her secret love had
finally stood up to her and the congress and stopped the foolish Jihad that
he'd been forced into.
    "Auntie Sasami, why are we taking the ship instead of sending for mommy
and daddy's?"
    "I'm going to visit your father and mother for a while."
    Sasami/Tsunami barely finished when a familiar figure picked up Mayuka
and gave the young princess a huge followed by a familiar voice asking
"How's
my little girl?"
    "Daddy!" Mayuka screamed as Sasami turned around to see her love
standing
behind her, his right leg still in the sub space portal.
    "Tenchi? I mean Emperor Nasaki, what are you doing here?"
    Tenchi, having put Mayuka down, leaned close to her and whispered, "I'll
tell you later." Then he straitened up and said to his daughter, "Still want
to go home or would you rather stay here with me and your Auntie for a
little
while longer?"
    To Tenchi's relief she answered an enthusiastic "I want to stay Daddy!"
He didn't know how he'd ever be able to tell his darling little girl her
adopted mother was dead, her home destroyed, and friends probably gone with
the rest of the Empyreal Congress.
    Tsunami took this opportunity to tell Sasami what her sister'd been up
to. Sasami hadn't thought of Ayaka as her sister in years but she found
herself thinking about 'How could my sister do this?' She told her of how
Ayaka manipulated Tenchi's emotions to make him lead the Jihad, the war of
destiny, for the Jurian people who became convinced that they were Gods made
flesh. She told her of how Ayaka had made up the plans for a full invasion
of
all the non-Jurian worlds and the enslavement of their inhabitants. And she
told Sasami of how her sister had planned to kill Tenchi and Sasami and
Washu
once the Jihad was over and she was the ruler of the first universal
dynasty.
    Sasami was disgusted and her rage took her over so violently that it
took
Tenchi almost an hour to bring her back to consciousness.

*       *       *

    Mayuka'd fallen asleep on the bed role in the small living quarters of
Tsunami. next to her and Tenchi was bending over next to Sasami. "Thank
God."
Tenchi said to himself quietly. "I couldn't lose two of the women I love in
one day."
    "You love me Tenchi?"
    "Huh, of course Sasami, I love you and Mayuka and Kiyone and Mihoshi and
Washu and Ryoko and Ryo-Oki."
    'Oh,  he meant like that' she thought to herself. Then she thought to
ask
the question, "Why'd you come back Tenchi?"
    "Well, to start with, your sister is…"
    "Dead, I know, and I haven't thought of her as a sister in years. I
meant
why'd you come to Earth, there are plenty of other places to go."
    "Tsunami's here, Washu's here, Yosho's here, and you're here. I'll need
the most powerful battleships in the universe, their pilots, the greatest
inventor in the universe, and the wielder of master key blade. I need you
Sasami. I need this ship. I need Yosho's mastery of the Tenchi. I need
Washu's brilliance. I may need even my daughter's powers in the battles to
come. Sasami, will you help me?"
    "Tenchi. Yes. I will, but how can we use Ryo-Oki? She went with Ryoko."
    "That's what Tsunami's and Washu are for. I need you to pilot this ship
and Washu to find them. I think they might still be on this planet but if
they're off world we'll have to go out searching for them."
    "Have you told Washu about this?"
    "No, it's only been about three days on Juria, I figure they'll need at
least a week to come look for me. We'll need to pack up all our belongings
into Tsunami and Washu's lab. Even the Jurians don't have the technology to
use control sub space like Washu does. We can consider the house and shrine
as good as destroyed. No one can stand up to Tsunami as it is but I think
Washu could improve even her with a couple of gems, if we can restore her
memory. Ryo-Oki with Tsunami should be able to stand up to the Jurian fleets
as long as they don't combine fleets. Washu'll be able to create a ship of
equal power to any of Juria's fleets with a little work I'd wager. We'll
need
to get to GP station thirty-two and the GP head office fast and get Mihoshi
and Kiyone before the Jurian spies in the Galaxy Police take them into
custody and try to torture them into giving up any information they have on
us. Damn it! Why did this have to happen, could it really be Juria's destiny
to rule the universe!?"


    "Tenchi, how can you ask that, there isn't anything to merit their rule
over anyone. You aren't really Jurian, you're more human than Jurian, and by
now, so am I. I've spent more time on Earth than on Juria. And Tsunami
doesn't consider herself a Jurian tree anymore. She considers herself the
servant of a riotous ruler. She declares you that ruler."

*       *       *

    Ryoko and Ryo-Oki watched from the shadows where they'd spent almost ten
years. After Tenchi left, they stayed on Earth, not talking to anyone, not
being seen by anyone, never leaving the shadows of the Nasaki home or
Ryoko's
cave. Now Tenchi was home, but this wasn't the homecoming they'd hoped for.
"Ten…" Ryoko tried to say but her voice was horse and cracking. She tried
again after clearing her throat, "Tenchi!" She yelled as load as she could
but it was still barely a whisper. She flew out of the corner and into
Tenchi's face as Sasami left to check on Tsunami's operating systems.
    "AHHHHH! Ryoko, is it you?"
    "Yeah, I… wh, where's Ayaka?"
    "Dead. She was going to kill us and take over the universal dynasty she
was getting me to create."
    "Ayaka, the little princess, she was that devious?"
    "Yeah, she never loved me in the first place, she just used me for the
Master Key at first and then my light hawk power later. I was just the
spearhead for her Jihad."
    "Ohhh, Tenchi…"
    Tenchi didn't give Ryoko time to finish. He left the room as Ryo-Oki'd
worked up the courage to come out the shadows. The former Emperor walked
into
the living quarters Tsunami had created for him when he was given the ship
for his marriage. He was tired, very tired. Tenchi'd spent hours on his feet
and had expended a great deal of energy. He needed time to rest, to regain
his power, but he wouldn't get it.
    "Tenchi! You need to see this!" Washu burst into his room, just as
Tenchi'd lay down on his bed, of course, and turned on his galaxy net view
screen. To his surprise a dozen galaxy leaders, over two thirds of which
he'd
attacked on the greatest mistake of his life, sat around a half-circle
table.
The leader of a small system of worlds that had long kissed Juria's tree
maintained ass spoke. "…hereby renounce our support of the Jurian
civilization and declare that we shall stay loyal to the Emperor Tenchi
Nasaki, Knight of the Light Hawk. We also decree that we shall support him
in
his campaign against the Jurian Government. And we, the new League of
Democratic Worlds decree that the sacred text know as "The Emperor And The
Knight" be the official religious text of the League. Thank you for your
coming, more to come in the future."
    With that the dozen stood and walked out of the room and a humanoid
announcer came on the screen and began a long and commentary that Tenchi
didn't want to hear. "Tenchi, what's this Emperor and Knight thing?"
    "Something Ayaka made me write and the Congress turn into sacred text to
justify the Jihad. On Juria it was never circulated. Ayaka and the Congress
decreed Jurians the favored race of the universe there. On the conquered
planets, a text copy was given to all the inhabitants that survived. It says
that I'm the messiah that will lead the riotous on a campaign of
purification. That's how Ayaka and Congress edited it anyway, it started as
my life story and most of it was left in there but changed to make me seem
more godlike."
    "So, these people think you're the new leader of all the universe,
spiritually and politically."
    "Yeah, and I've already destroyed all the ships of the ones with decent
armies and navies. The rest have a fighting force that's completely
insignificant to Juria, even combined." Tenchi slowly stood up and turned
off
the screen. "Why do these things always happen to me!?"
    "Tenchi, Ryoko just came into my lab, she said you were planning to get
our missing members together and attack Juria. She said you wanted me to
start production on a new ship for my use in battle. Is that right Tenchi."
    "I'm not attacking anyone.  I want to go get Yosho, Mihoshi, and Kiyone
together with us. I want you to get those weapons you never used before
because they were too dangerous up and running and implant them into
Tsunami,
Ryo-Oki, the ships Mihoshi and Kiyone bring with them and a ship you're
going
to make. We're going to need a fleet to defend against the Jurians. They'll
attack soon and I can't put those planets I've hurt back into danger any
more
than they've already done themselves. Washu, grab my father back from
whatever he's been doing and bring him onboard and send Ryoko to get Yosho.
Get her, Yosho, and Ryo-Oki to help in the lab with whatever you have after
you've done that. I never thought I'd be leading a military force again so
soon." Tenchi sat down on the bed as Washu left the room. Sasami walked in
slowly and sat down beside her widowed brother in law.
    "Are you ok Tenchi?"
    "No, Sasami, you shouldn't have to do this, especially after all I've
done to you. I've killed your sister, made you an outcast on your own
planet,
destroyed your home and killed your friends on Juria, and after all that
burst back into your life again and expect it to be just the same as it was
before. God, what have I done to my friends, my wife, my father and
grandfather. I killed millions, maybe even billions in the name of a dynasty
I just destroyed. I don't deserve to live."
    "Tenchi, don't say that." She said, and then she decided to do what
she'd
wanted to do all her life. She kissed the man she loved. And she kept
kissing
him for what felt like an eternity.
    And then Washu burst into the room holding a box containing several
holographic images. "TENCHI! The Jurians just announced that you're worth a
hundred billion credits and fifty billion for each of us. What's worse is
that the Jurian fleets just destroyed the boarder worlds on all of the
League. They say anyone siding with you just forfeited their right to live!"
    "Side with me? I'm not a side! I just want to live in peace!" Tenchi
exclaimed as he looked at the holo images Washu gave to him as he rushed to
the bridge.     "Washu, is the portal to your lab onboard?"
    "Yes, we've got Yosho and your father safely in one of the guest rooms,
why?"
    "I'm going to take this ship to get Mihoshi and Kiyone before the entire
Galaxy  Police force tries to take their heads to whoever's leading Juria
now."
Tenchi arrived on the bridge just before Washu and Sasami while Yosho and
Tenchi's father arrived when the ship began to move. Ryo-Oki and Ryoko were
in Washu's lab pulling up information on Washu's most dangerous projects and
watching the official declaration of war from the Jurians to all of the
non-Jurian worlds in the universe. "The fools!" Ryoko screeched at the
screen
as she threw a bottle of sake she'd been drinking through the holographic
screen and into the wall behind. The company on the bridge began plotting a
course to GP station thirty-two where Kiyone was while Ryoko and Ryo-Oki
jumped ship and started to the GP main headquarters. 'I'M NOT LETTING ANYONE
ELSE DIE FOR ME TODAY!' Tenchi though as the ships jumped through two sub
space portals.

*       *       *

    On the Jurian home planet a black figure with half a face draped himself
over the thrown he rightfully deserved. "It's good to be me." Cain began to
laugh as he thought back on how easy it had been killing the insipid little
princess and impersonating her until Tenchi would marry the bumbling little
idiot. Then he took over the government as Ayaka and lied about where she'd
been when Tenchi destroyed the Congress. Now, Cain had control over the most
powerful fleet in the universe. Now he would rule, just as it should be!

To Be Continued…
*       *       *

Notes:
Yosho was Ayaka's brother and fiancée. He left to fight Ryoko after she
destroyed a large part of Juria. He fathered Tenchi's mother and used his
Jurian power to seem older than he really was but, in fact, he is still
looks
just as he did the day he left Juria.

Ayaka went to look for her brother but found only Tenchi, who had
accidentally freed Ryoko after thousands of years of imprisonment in a cave
where Yosho had left her for safekeeping. When she awoke, she transported
Tenchi's house and father to Tenchi's grandfather's shrine in the mountains.
To make a long story short, Ryo-Oki, Ryoko's space ship and cute little pet,
blew Ayaka and Sasami's ships out of the sky, trapping them on Earth.

Mihoshi's a Galaxy Police detective who fell to Earth chasing Kagato. She's
the typical blond airhead who stayed on Earth because she thinks Tenchi's
her
'destiny.' She once had a partner named Kiyone who hate her and was stranded
in the middle of outer space because of Mihoshi's bumbling stupidity.
Another
long story, buy the tape.

Kagato was the villain who imprisoned Washu and tried to kidnap the Jurian
princesses in the original OVA. He simply wanted control over the battleship
Tsunami that is the single most powerful battleship ever made.

For all those who couldn't get their hands on the
second  season of the original Tenchi Muyo, Sasami died during the attack by
Ryoko when Yosho left the planet Juria. Tsunami, the royal tree she died
near, took pity on the girl and began assimilated with her. When Sasami
reaches a certain age, she will become a humanoid version of Tsunami.

The Master Key is the sword Tenchi used to free Ryoko and what Kagato tried
to kill Tenchi for in the original OVA series. The Master Key is the control
device for the battleship/Jurian tree Tsunami. It is also known as Tenchi.

Cain is villain from the original Tenchi Muyo movie. If you haven't
see it, you aren't a real Tenchi Muyo fan. Tenchi's mother died because she
expelled too much energy saving Tenchi and his father from the monster but
he
was never confirmed dead, just shot with a dimensional cannon, one of
Washu's
more dangerous weapons.

Mayuka is Tenchi's daughter from the second Tenchi Muyo movie,  I believe.
She was created by a demon to take revenge on Yosho for not coming with her
into her dimension. Mayuka was turned into a gem like jewel helping Tenchi
but Washu later revived her but as a baby.

A Jihad is an ancient term for a holy or divine war. It has been used
by many science fiction authors but I assure you, it was originally a holy
war.

This fan fiction was inspired by a fan fiction by KingKiller called "Duty,"
please read it, it's well worth it. I did not intend for this story to be a
sequel to his and I have done my best to keep it from becoming a sequel.

This fan fiction is based on the premise that Kiyone came to Earth at some
point in time, although I left it up the reader to decide how. On this
website there are dozens of stories on how if you'd like to have a written
account of the story.

