Relaxation!
By Loose Juice (loosejuice@geocities.com)

All characters used are property of their respective creators and all 
that copywrite stuff...This story is based upon the OAV versions of the 
Tenchi Muyo Ryo-Ohki series. (duh) 


Chapter Ichi

"yawn... I wonder what's going to happen today.." Tenchi moaned while 
getting out of bed. He finally drags himself out and starts toward the 
restroom. 

"Tenchiii!!" Ryoko shouts when she spots him down the hallway. She 
immediately dissappears and reappears with her arms wrapped around his 
neck. 

"Do you mind leaving me alone for a sec'?" Tenchi groans. 

"But why..." Ryoko asks. A flick of his wrist and Ryoko understands. 
(door: Restroom) Tenchi begins to take off his shirt when he notices 
something out of the corner of his eye. He slowly turns his head,"Get 
out! And STAY out!" 

Ryoko immediately lifts her head out of the wall and starts to slump 
down and slowly walks towards the kitchen. Ayeka can be seen waking up 
and walking down the stairs toward the kitchen also. Ayeka's and Ryoko's 
eyes meet, and battle aura begin to form around them. Right when they 
are about to storm each other, Tenchi appears on the top of the stairs 
and starts walking down. "Tenchi-sama, ohio!" Ayeka exclaims. 

"Oh, morning Ayeka!" Tenchi replies. In the background, Ryoko's battle 
aura becomes bigger, but then begins to decrease in size, and eventually 
tears start pouring out of her eyes. Sizzling can be heard in the 
kitchen, and Ryo-Ohki's familiar meow's could be heard outside. 

"Ohio! Breakfast is almost ready..." Sasami exclaims. Nobody can hear 
her because of the cooking, and also of the constant chattering between 
Ryoko, and Ayeka. Tenchi, siezing this chance to be alone slips out the 
back door. 

"Whew! Sometimes I just wish those two could get along so I can get some 
peace and quiet like my life before," just as Tenchi says that, he 
begins to think back when he first met Ryoko, the start of all of this. 

The Masaki legend foretells that the demon that sleeps in the Masaki 
shrine will once again be released, and when it does, it will be a 
menace to the general public! Too bad for Tenchi, this demon has been a 
menace for him. Not saying that she's not pretty or anything, she's just 
a little on the harsh side, that's all. Ayeka on the other hand... 

A sharp snap wakes Tenchi up from his daydream. His eyes begin to focus 
and he starts to see sparks fly in front of him. He takes his shirt and 
rubs his eyes with it to see what is making those sparks. Just as he 
thought, it was Ayeka and Ryoko fighting. "Not again..." Tenchi moans. 
It's been almost like a daily ritual where Ayeka and Ryoko would fight 
until something is destroyed and then apologizes to Tenchi for the rest 
of the day. Seems like this would be no exception. 

Not wanting to deal with this, he slips back into the kitchen unnoticed 
by Ayeka or Ryoko. Sasami however knew exactly what was going on. 
"Tenchi-ni-chan, is Oneisama and Ryoko fighting again?" 

"Yes, Sasami-chan the same every morning..." They decided that it would 
be best for both of them to just leave them alone today. No butting in 
to break it up. Sasami, and Tenchi sits down and begin to eat breakfast. 
"Sasami-chan, does Washu know you cooked this wonderful meal?" 

"I sent Mihoshi to get her... about forty-five minutes ago," Sasami 
answers. Just then Mihoshi crashes through the door yelling 
"WAAAAAAA!!!!!" and boxes, machinery, and the occasional laser beam 
flies through behind her. Soon, Washu follows behind her. 

"I told you not to TOUCH ANYTHING!!" Washu screams and then slams the 
door behind her. Teardrops form behind Tenchi and Sasami's head. 

All four sit down and starts eating breakfast. It's going to be one of 
those days.... 


Chapter Ni

Tenchi squats down and begins to pluck out carrot after carrot and 
tosses them into a convenient basket next to him. Ryo-Ohki can be heard 
in the background munching on one carrot. "Tenchiii... do you need some 
help with that?" Ryoko says in her most erotic voice. 

"Umm, yeah, why don't you take Ryo-Ohki back to the house because I'm 
almost finished here," Tenchi answered. 

"That's no fun, Ryo-Ohki can find his own way home, let's have some 
"quality" here," Ryoko insists. Ryoko advances toward Tenchi while 
Tenchi retreats. 

"Uh.. hmm.." Tenchi mutters. Tenchi begins to search for anywhere he can 
run off to and spots his escape route. He starts sprinting towards the 
lake, and jumps over Ryo-Ohki. Ryo-Ohki slightly puzzled by Tenchi's 
reaction, starts to chase after him. Ryoko, spotting him running away 
from her, begins her hunt. "Boy, he can sure run.." Ryoko thought to 
herself. 

"It looks.. (pant) like (pant) I'm gonna (huff) ug.." Tenchi muttered 
when Ryoko catches up to him and grabs and bear hugs him. (Of course 
Tenchi has the worst of luck so Ayeka spots Ryoko doing this and flames 
start to shoot out of her ears) "Ryoko.... you... are... DEAD!" 

"It's not what you think... I.." Tenchi muttered. It's too late. Ayeka 
has already surrounded the both of them with her mini-logs and 
electricity can be heard crackling around Tenchi and Ryoko. Tenchi, 
sensing immediate danger takes a mighty leap forward with Ryoko still 
clutching him, and crashes onto the ground while behind them, the logs 
emit a huge bolt of electricity right where they would've been. 

"Oh!! Tenchi, you saved me!" Ryoko exclaims and clutches him even 
tighter. 

"Can't... breathe..." Tenchi sputters out and eventually faints. 


Chapter San

Tenchi's eyes slowly lift and five distinct blury images can be seen. 
"Ugh..." 

"Look, he's waking up!" someone screams. Tenchi then feels the familiar 
grasp of Ryoko, and is immediately awakened. Ayeka swiftly kicks Ryoko 
off of Tenchi, and asks "Are you sure you're alright, I cooked some soup 
for you." 

Images of fish heads, squid tentacles start to appear in Tenchi's mind. 
"Yes, oh yes, I'm quite sure I'm alright!" 

"Aw, darn, now I'll never know how the soup tastes..." Ayeka cries. 
Tears start to stream down her face. 

"Okay, okay, I'll try a small sip," Tenchi says. The tears and Bambi 
eyes were just too much for him. 

"Are you sure that is wise my boy.." Jitchan says leaning closely to 
Tenchi. Tenchi replies, "Don't worry, I'll just pretend sipping a 
little, and no one will be the wiser!" 

The gang walk into the kitchen where a steaming pot of "something" sits 
on top of the stove. Tenchi takes out a spoon and dips it into the pot. 
When he takes it out, he is surprised to see that the spoon head is no 
longer attached to the handle. On everyone's eyebrow appears a small 
teardrop. "Eh.. soup's not suppose to do that is it?" Ayeka asks. 

"Sasami, where's Tenchi?" Mihoshi asks. 

"Oh, he's at Washu's now. That reminds me, could you go get them for 
dinner?" Sasami replies. 

"But it's only four in the afternoon. Don't you think it's a little bit 
too early?" Mihoshi says with a puzzled look on her face. 

"Umm.. it's an early dinner," Sasami answers. With that, Mihoshi 
disappears out the door and begins her search for Tenchi, and Washu. 

At Washu's lab..... 

"Ahhhhh!!!! Washu, what are you doing?!" Tenchi exclaims. 

"Oh, I just need a couple samples to test out why you can create the 
Wings of the Light Hawk... that's all," Washu replies with a soothing 
voice. 

"Okay, but none of that sperm sample stuff again..." Tenchi answers. 

"What?! I can't hear you, the machine is making too much noise. Did you 
say go GET sperm samples? Okay!" Washu says. 

"Ahhhh!! NO! AH! GET AWAY! THAT'S EXACTLY NOT WHAT I SAID!" Tenchi yells 
out. It's too late, Washu already pulled on his boxers, and starts to 
reach in. 

"Now how do you want me to do this, I... think I'll go for the full 
course!" Washu says. Just as Washu was about to reach in.. "Oh! Washu, 
are you playing doctor again with Tenchi?" Mihoshi asks. 

"Ah uh, yeah..." Washu answers. 

"You seem to play doctor a lot..." Mihoshi ponders to herself. As she 
sits down, she presses a button and sparks begin to fly everywhere in 
the lab. 

"Ahhh!! Not again!" Washu exclaims. Luck is on Tenchi's side because 
when Mihoshi pressed the button, the cuffs holding him also released and 
he was free! Tenchi slips out of Washu's lab unnoticed by her and 
escapes to his room. 

He puts on some clothes, and lies down on his bed. Except, something 
doesn't feel right. There's not the usual bouncyness the springs usually 
emit, then all of a sudden a pair of arms wrap around him, and he can't 
move anymore. "I have you now!" Ryoko whispers into Tenchi's ears. 

"Groan.. Come on Ryoko, I've already had a rough day, don't do this to 
me anymore..." With that Tenchi slowly sleeps in Ryoko's arms. Ryoko, 
sensing him telling the truth lies there with him until... 

"RY...O...KO...." Ayeka shouts waving a huge club and smacks Ryoko right 
in the face. Ryoko can be seen flying through the sky and landing right 
into the lake. Even with the yell, Tenchi is still fast asleep. 

Ayeka, seeing her chance, nudges Tenchi to make sure he's really asleep. 
After checking, she gets in to his face closer and closer and closer.... 
For once in his life, Tenchi is truly relaxed... 


Well, that's it! At least the first part. Tell me what you think. Does 
it suck? Is it good? Could there have been better things done to it? 
Please e-mail me with replies! 