
				Requiem -- Chapter 4: Transcendance


Standard Disclaimer:Ranma 1/2 is the property of Hiroki Hayashi, Emotion, 
Pioneer Entertainment, and Viz Entertainment

This story is written on a non-profit basis. Any unauthorized (ie for-profit) 
use of this story is strictly prohibited. Let it be on your head if the above 
people should find out that you have done so anyway.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Tenchi still didn't understand wht had happened to bring his life to this. He 
had always thought himself as just another high school student. Now he was cast 
from one end of the galaxy to the other to fight demons, aliens, and other 
super-powered monstrosities. At times his life was a living nightmare.

Yet, when he saw Aeka's blushing smile or heard Ryoko's raucous laughter, it was 
like a dream come true. Born an only child, his mother had died while he was but 
a small child. Now he found himself with friends and family more precious to him 
than anything in the universe, and he would sooner die than forsake any one of 
them.

Tenchi looked around himself as he appeared in the command chamber on Ryo-ohki. 
All was dark and silent, unlike the other times he had been here. Where were 
Ryoko and Aeka? Where was Mecha-Washu? Tenchi looked around carefully, dressed 
in the black and dark purple jumpsuit that was his Juraian battle armor.

"Mecha-Washu is truly the greatest genius in the entire universe," a voice said 
in the darkness.

"Mecha-Washu is our true lord and master," a second voice added.

"Mecha-Washu! Mecha-Washu! All hail Mecha-Washu!" the two voices chimed 
together.

"Oh, man, she -would- have to do -that- too," Tenchi sighed, bigsweating.

"Heh heh heh welcome, Tenchi. Have you come to punish me and take the others 
home like a good little hero?" Washu asked with a smirk as a circle of light 
illuminated the center of the room.

"I don't know what happened to you, Mecha-Washu, or why you want to hurt 
everyone, but I will not let you continue!" Tenchi yelled.

"Oh ARE you now?" Mecha-Washu laughed, casting a long cold look at Tenchi. 
"Perhaps you should talk with Ryoko. She wanted to oppose me at first, as well, 
but she has had a change...of mind," Mecha-Washu cackled loudly as Ryoko limply 
floated from the shadows to hover beside Mecha-Washu. "Ryoko, kill him," Mecha-
Washu commanded off-handedly.

The red glow in Ryoko's eyes faltered then flared as she sped towards Tenchi 
with a loud growl. Tenchi stumbled backwards in shock, just managing to block 
Ryoko's laser sword with Tenchiken.

"Ryoko! Stop! You can fight her! I know you can!" Tenchi declared, sliding his 
stance backwards as Ryoko advanced her attack.

Without warning, Ryoko flipped into the air, aiming a powerful slash straight 
down at Tenchi's head. Tenchi leaped backwards, thrusting straight at Ryoko's 
hand. 'If I can cut off her hand, maybe the pain will snap her out of it,' 
Tenchi thought, knowing Ryoko could easily regenerate her wounds.

Ryoko turned to avoid the thrust, summoning a forceblast in her off-hand. 
Throwing the blast at Tenchi's feet to throw him off-balance, Ryoko teleported.

Jumping backwards to avoid the blast, Tenchi's back met the familiar form of 
Ryoko's body. Imeediately dropping to the ground, he narrowly avoided a 
decapitating blow. Thrust kicking up and back, his feet drove the air from 
Ryoko's lungs.

"You should cheer Tenchi, Aeka. If he defeats Ryoko, she will no longer be your 
rival for his heart," Mecha-Washu remarked snidely.

Aeka knew that the bond between Tenchi and Ryoko was strong. Her death, 
especially at his own hnds, would devastate him. To cheer for such an outcome 
would forever drive a wedge between Tenchi and she. No, their greatest hope lay 
in the love that Ryoko held for Tenchi. With that power, perhaps Ryoko could 
break the hold over her mind before she or Tenchi were harmed...or killed.

"NO! I will -not- cheer Ryoko's death! We may not be friends, but I will not see 
her die because of -you-, you heartless monster!" Aeka flung back at Mecha-Washu 
vehemently.

"heh so you care about Ryoko's welfare? I would almost think that somehow you -
did- become friends," Mecha-Washu retorted sarcastically. "Let's see how he 
reacts once I've increased the stakes."

"Don't you -dare- hurt my Lord Tenchi, you horrid demon!" Aeka commanded, worry 
and anger mixing in her voice.

"No, not Tenchi," Mecha-Washu replied with a sneer. Slowly the energy sphere 
housing Aeka began to contract. "He now has a choice between killing Ryoko 
quickly and attempting to save you or trying to save Ryoko and watch you perish. 
And I have one last surprise for the survivors of this battle," Washu cackled. 
Mecha-Washu then vanished back into the shadows.

Tenchi mentally cursed. Now not only did he need to fight and defeat Ryoko 
somehow without killing her, he needed to do it in time to save Aeka! Tenchi 
began praying in the hopes that something would answer in time to help them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Sasami sat beside the medical table on which Washu lay, unconscious. As Sasami 
watched, Washu twitched and began transforming back to her normal appearance. 
Sasami worried about the others. She hated fighting, even if it -was- necessary 
at times. Fighting reminded her of what had happened so many hundreds of years 
ago.

She had been hiding in the deep shaft to Jurai's main computer when Ryoko had 
attacked the planet. Sasami shivered and bit her lip as she remembered the cold 
air pushing against her as she plummeted to the ground so so far below. The 
goddess Tsunami had looked down upon her, granting her part of her own life 
force in order to mend her broken body and bring her back to life.

Washu sat up finally, holding the blanket against her young body. Seeing 
Sasami's distant, distraught gaze, Washu's maternal instincts cried out. Hugging 
Sasami to her, Washu gently rocked her.

"It'll be all right, Sasami. I promise. We'll all come out of this, just as we 
always have," Washu comforted Sasami.

Sasami blinked up at Washu and smiled. Washu was so often like a surrogate 
mother to her. Unfortunately, like her real mother, Washu's work often took the 
majority of her time. Sasami had had to get used to being overlooked and 
forgotten, born the second princess of Jurai. That was why she loved Tenchi so 
much. He made time for her. He made her feel special. She wanted to marry Tenchi 
when she was older so she could always be with him and feel that way. She knew 
Tenchi only thought of her like a little sister though, and that was all right 
too. Family was forever.

"I'm ok now, Washu. We should try to help the others now," Sasami said.

Washu nodded. "I'm going to try breaking the mental control Mecha-Washu has over 
Ryoko and Ryo-ohki. The mental connection we share should allow me to succeed," 
Washu stated. "Meanwhile, I want you to change the password to the lab. If I 
don't come up with it, Mecha-Washu won't be able to either," she noted with a 
smirk.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Tenchi rolled backwards to his feet after kicking Ryoko in the stomach. He spun 
around to face Ryoko's next attack just in time to deflect an energy blast off 
Tenchiken's blade. The blast sparked and flew off to hit Aeka's energy sphere.

Aeka cringed from the sphere, huddling down to avoid the energy blast's 
crackling point of impact. "Tenchi!" Aeka shouted.

Tenchi ran at Ryoko and tackled her to the ground. "Stop it! Stop it, Ryoko! 
You're stronger than -she- is! Don't let her make you fight your friends!" he 
shouted.

"You're always saying how much you love Tenchi! Prove it, Ryoko! Stop fighting 
him if you love him!" Aeka demanded.

Ryoko thrashed on the floor beneath Tenchi, trying to scratch at his face and 
snap her teeth around his throat when the red glow in her eyes dimmed. 'Love? 
Tenchi?....TENCHI!' Ryoko thought, her mind slowly lifting from a fog. Ryoko 
closed her eyes and grabbed her head, screaming in pain as she began breaking 
out of the mind control. "TENCHI!!" Ryoko screamed.

Tenchi held Ryoko close, cradling her against him. "It's ok, Ryoko. I'm here. 
I'll always be here for you," he murmured softly to her.

Ryoko looked up at Tenchi, her eyes holding his gaze. Her eyes had returned to 
their normal color finally. She wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck, raising 
her face towards his.

Tenchi gazed longingly into Ryoko's eyes, lowering his face to hers when a 
sudden shout from Aeka caught his attention. Looking over at Aeka, he saw her 
drawn into a small ball, her energy cell having all but collapsed around her. 
"AEKA!" Tenchi shouted, pulling out of Ryoko's embrace and rushing to Aeka's 
side.

Blinking her eyes open as her kiss met air and Tenchi let her drop to the floor, 
Ryoko grumbled and sighed. Mentally cursing, Ryoko flew after Tenchi.

Tenchi reached his hand towards the cell then drew it back as if burned. "We 
have to get her out of there, Ryoko, or she'll die!" he exclaimed.

Ryoko considered letting Aeka be crushed to death by the cell's collapse. She 
would no longer have a rival for Tenchi's heart. 'But Tenchi would be in agony 
over her death and hate me for not helping her,' she mentally sighed, 'anything, 
even sharing Tenchi's love would be better than being hated by him.' Ryoko 
winced as she slowly, painfully phased through the rapidly collapsing energy 
cell. Once inside, Ryoko solidified enough to teleport the two of them outside 
the cell.

Ryoko and Aeka collapsed at Tenchi's feet, their clothes smoking and their skin 
burned from being pressed against the walls of the energy cell. Tenchi dropped 
to his knees, cradling their unconscious forms in his arms 
"Aeka...Ryoko...please hang in there. We'll be home soon," Tenchi told them. 'I 
hope,' he added mentally.

Mecha-Washu smirked from behind Tenchi, watching. She wasn't certain how Ryoko 
had thrown off her control or how she had overcome her selfish possession of 
Tenchi, but she would soon pay for it. Aeka even encouraged Ryoko's love for 
Tenchi. Shortly she would no longer have to be concerned with who Tenchi loved. 
No, her revenge would be complete very soon. Even Tenchi would eventually die, 
stranded in deep space. She would survive, however. She merely had to return to 
her laboratory and watch the scene draw to a close from a safe distance.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

"Ryoko's freed herself from Mecha-Washu's control," Washu said as she opened her 
eyes, temporarily closing the mental connection with her daughter.

"And Aeka? Tenchi?" Sasami asked worriedly, looking at Washu.

"Tenchi's fine but Ryoko and Aeka are hurt. Ryo-ohki is bringing them home," 
Washu announced, tapping at the computer keyboard floating in front of her.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

Mecha-Washu mentally cursed. All her plans were beginning to come undone just as 
she was on the verge os success! If Washu had reinstalled her weaponry systems, 
she would personally ensure her triumph. Somehow Washu had to have regained her 
abilities. She was uncertain how, but it would matter for nought as soon as she 
regained control of the main computer! Sitting at a work station, Mecha-Washu 
began running through all the possible password codes Washu could have used.

"You won't succeed, Mecha-Washu. Go through all my passwords and it won't 
matter," Washu informed Mecha-Washu as she walked up behind her.

"Damn you and your arrogant conceit! You -never- take responsability for what 
you have done in the name science! Have you -ever- considered if you -should- do 
something instead of only if you -could- do it? Well, I am the product of your 
handiwork, MOTHER!" Mecha-Washu spat at Washu in anger, pain, and hatred, biting 
off the last word with a look of infinite disgust.

Washu stood still. Her face remaine impassive yet her eyes revealed the shock 
and pain. "You were right, Mecha-Washu. Intellect is -not- the only thing in the 
universe, nor is it the greatest. Love and family is," she told Mecha-Washu 
quietly.

"I never imagined that events would have led to this. You have far exceeded my 
expectations of you. While I...I have fallen short of my duties to you as your 
creator...as your mother."

"I never asked to be created. I never asked to be brought into this world. But I 
will NEVER be a mere tool for anyone! I will be -noone's- slave! And that 
includes YOU! You hurt me! You rejected me! And now you expect me to just 
surrender to your and -trust- you to do what's right?!" Mecha-Washu demanded of 
her.

Washu winced as the words struck home, wounding her. 'Have I truly strayed so 
far? I sought to conquer my own heartache by delving so deeply into my work. 
Have I become blind to that of others?' she considered and shook her head, 
sighing painfully. She walked over to embrace her daughter and deactivated her 
while Mecha-Washu was caught offguard.

"I'm sorry for failing you, dear, but I promise I will make things better," 
Washu said as she began work.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------

It was a day like any other when Washu came down to breakfast. Tenchi sat at one 
side of the table, each of his arms glomped by Ryoko and Aeka. He tried not to 
notice as they began a silent tug-of-war, sticking their tongues out at one 
another. Noboyuki cast furtive glances at Kiyone while he read the morning 
paper. Kiyone seemed to ignore his flirtations as she filed her morning reports. 
Mihoshi sat beside Kiyone, playing her latest handheld pokemon game.

"Ohayou, Washu," Sasami said, flashing a bright smile as she finished setting 
the table and sat down beside her sister Aeka.

"Ohayou, Sasami," Washu replied, sitting at the foot of the table and nodding to 
Katsuhito.

"Ohayou, mother," a young girl Sasami's age said as she set the morning tea on 
the table, sunlight shining off her long auburn hair.

"Ohayou, Tomoe," Washu said with a smile, her green eyes meeting her daughters 
violet ones. Yes, she would make things better for her daughter this time, she 
promised. She would be the mother Ryoko and Tomoe deserved and needed. The bond 
between mother and child was not based upon blood and genetics, she knew now, 
but from a sharing of the heart and soul.


						The End
