I don't own Tenchi Muyo! in any way shape or form or any of the
charactors there after, (e.g. the ones in this fic, exept one)
if this fic is anything like anyone elses it is probebly coinsidental,
and if I have read yours and this is sililar it is merely a mark of
respect. (P.S. Tenchi Muyo! is owned by PIONEER LDCA) please don't
sue me, i have nothing but an old computer you wouldnt want.

on with whatever the hell I end up writing...

**********************************************************************
Chapter 1: The Blues and Salvation

It was cool autumn morning in the courtyard of the Masaki residence as
Tenchi and Ryoko set about taking in the washing, which incidentally
had frozen rock solid during the night.
As Tenchi thought about the last three years he had spent with his
alien companions, he thought about how strange it was the Ayeka had
become so withdrawn since the summer one year previous.

"Ryoko, have you seen Ayeka since breakfast?" Tenchi asked as he beat
the ice out of an old towel.
"Well...." she said "She was going to the onsen last I saw, why Tenchi,
do you need her sweet body right now?" Ryoko added with a grin then a
laugh. As she looked up Tenchi was right in front of her.
"What, just a lil' joke Tenchi, don't cry about it!"
Tenchi looked away. "I'm...."
"What is it Tenchi? you're what?" Ryoko was puzzled by Tenchi's tone,
he hadn't spoken that way since he last spoke about his mother, his
voice was low and sad, his eyes looked toward the frozen lake as he
uttered the next few words-
"I'm....I'm worried about Ayeka, you can't say she's the same as
always, like last night, when you stole my trousers at the onsen,
then whipped her towel off" Tenchi broke off into a more hurried,
worried state as he finished his sentence.
"Well, she did just give me one punch, didn't even say anything."
Ryoko turned her head toward the onsen floating on high to her left.
"You think she's that upset about the incident that she'd...." Ryoko's
eyes became like slits as she tried to focus more at the onsen.
"....Do something stupid..."
Tenchi gasped as he thought...
Then, they heard something, off in the distance, to the left-
a scream, a familiar scream, Sasami's scream!
They wasted no time as Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's wrist and they faded
in to the air.

Tenchi and Ryoko set down just inside the gate that led to the largest
of the pools in the women's bath, what they saw was a pool, of red, the
blood had dispersed quickly in the warm water.
As they surveyed the scene Ryoko noticed a familiar reflection, Sasami
standing in a towel at the other side of the pool, she was like a
pillar of stone, she didn't move, didn't breath, didn't blink, she
could only stand, eyes locked on the pale body resting adilicly just
below the surface of the water.
    Like so many waterfalls Ryoko's eyes began to stream, she broke
down and wept, she collapsed to her knees and just let the tears flow.
Tenchi stared, looking at Ayeka's face in the water, she was smiling,
her soft pink eyes, glazed with the water in them seemed full of joy,
he observed her body, whiter then usual, he thought she looked like an
angel, her robe had spread like wings over her.
His trance was broken by Sasami's high pitch scream, it pierced his
mind and he awoke.
Jumping in to the pool he could care less about sword Tenchi falling
out of his pocket and in to the water along with his keys and wallet,
he grabbed Ayeka out of the water and some of the blood caught in her
robe spilt on to him and stained his jacket.
     He dragged her lifeless body to the platform where Ryoko slowly
came to her senses again.
"Is she still breathing?!" Ryoko asked frantically as Tenchi pulled
away the damp robe on Ayeka's chest to put his ear to her heart.
There was a long silence...Tenchi's solemn face grew whiter, but then
turned his frown in to a smile, he even let out a slight sigh of
relief.
"Her heart is still going, only just, but she's not breathing.. go get
Washu" Tenchi looked into Ryoko's glazed eyes as he spoke, she looked
away, and fixed her gaze on Ayeka.
"NOW!" Tenchi willed up all the aggression he could and Ryoko vanished.
Sasami fainted but was kept from falling into the water by Ryo-ohki
grabbing the edge of her towel and
lowering her gently to the floor, away from the water where she would
have fallen. Tenchi never learned first aid and didn't know what to do,
he could only continue to watch as a trickle of blood formed in the
slashes on the princesses arms. The look of bliss on Ayeka's face
would stay with him forever, a fallen angel in a sea of red.

--------------------------------------
Washu was in her lab happily drinking tea and chatting to Mihoshi about
Noboyuki's porn addiction, when a flash near the ceiling of her lab
brought Ryoko down with a thud.
"Forgot about the shield huh'...." Washu didn't even look at Ryoko as
she took another sip of tea.
With her newly gifted second gem from the hilt of Sword Tenchi on her
birthday Ryoko healed almost instantly, but not before whimpering an
agonized "Don't....worry...about.. me..."
She stood up and Mihoshi and Washu both looked at her with shock.
"Damn it Washu! Be serious for a second!" Ryoko held back a tear and
opened her mind to Washu, it only took a moment for Washu to jump up
(covering Mihoshi with hot tea) and materialized a load of equipment
into a large subspace hole.
"Lets go people!" Washu stared at the two as she rushed through the
dark tunnel toward the point of infinity. Ryoko looked at the weeping
Mihoshi trying to clear up the tea by sucking it out of her T-shirt.
Ryoko sighed then grabbed her by the wrist and jumped into the tunnel
with the luck driven GPO in tow.
--------------------------------------

"Tenchi.....?" Ayeka opened her eyes but she found herself in complete
darkness, she could see herself, almost as if bright lights were
focused on her from every direction. But still she could see nothing
around her.
Suddenly she heard a distant echo, Tenchi's voice-
"Ayeka!"
"Wake up Ayeka! Please!"
"Tenchi! Where are you?! Tenchi!! Help me!" She cried out but there was
no response.
"Tenchi! I'm here! Please help me! Tenchi......"
Ayeka looked around, unable to find any trace of the one she called
out for, the echoes had ceased and all around her, she could see
nothing.
"Tenchi...."She knelt in thin air and wept-
"Why... why must you leave me, my Tenchi..."
"It's just like..."

--------------------------------------
That summer, only 4 months ago.....
--------------------------------------

"Tenchi, its time." Noboyuki gestured for his son to come outside.
"Dad. Do you really think we should go ahead with all this? I mean we
could wait and see if Ryoko returns in the new year, couldn't we?
Tenchi stared up at the star filled sky and then over to where he could
see the lights in the sukura trees down the hill.
"Tenchi, its been a year, and you said yourself it was time to make a
decision, and you choose Akeya." Noboyuki put an arm around Tenchi and
fixed his collar.
"Lets go Tenchi, don't keep her waiting" Noboyuki gave a quick thumbs
up before leaving the room, followed closely by Tenchi.

Katsuhito and Noboyuki stood near the back of the guests and watched
with twin smirks as Tenchi and Ayeka pledged their love in wedding
vow's.
"Do you both accept the bond of wedlock to be together forever?"
The Jurai priest placed his hands on the foreheads of Tenchi and Ayeka.
"Ayeka Jurai, first princess of Princess of planet Jurai and all
territory there after, do you accept the bond?" The priest looked down
upon her as she gently smiled and said-
"I do, take heed of this vow upon my heart to pledge my love for Tenchi
Masaki in wedlock, - forever" Ayeka put her hand on Tenchi's and closed
her eyes.
"Tenchi Masaki, male heir to the thrown of Jurai, first and only born
of the late Lady Achika and Noboyuki of Earth, do you accept the bond?"
The preist looked at Tenchi's head.
Tenchi thought about what this union could mean, he was twenty years
old now, and could live to possible thousands, could he spend that time
not being sure if he really loved Ayeka, or if his real love was
roaming the stars, or had perished on some distant planet far away?
Or, was his real love right here, and he could break her heart and
leave them both sad and lonely- forever..

Now was not the time to decide, or was it? Tenchi gulped and then-
"I Tenchi Masaki, accep-"
He was broken of by a high pitch screech, like a cat, only slightly
more individual...
Tenchi looked up. "Ryo....ohki....?"
Everyone looked up in shock to see the crystalline ship streaming
through the sky like a comet with billowing smoke as its elongated tail.
A number of Jurai ships dodged away from the speeding Ryo-ohki before it
crashed with an almighty explosion into the lake.
Tenchi burst into a run leaving Ayeka standing by the side of the priest
in a daze.
"Ten..chi...." Ayeka stared at Katsuhito, then at her father Azuza.
Azuza's face dropped slightly into a cold stare before he turned to the
priest who was quite speechless by now.
Ayeka hiked up her dress as much as she could despite all the many
layers of fine silks and gold trinkets-
"TENCHI! Come back!"
She ripped off the long cloak about her shoulders and broke into a
sprint, as the congregation realized the situation everyone tried to
get out of their seats at once, which of course left them all flat on
their backs.
"Ryoko!"
Tenchi nearly leaped out of his skin when he saw Washu out running him
in adult form followed closely by Sasami who was clutching a carrot
shaped teddy-
"Ryo-ohki!!"
Tenchi nearly kept pace but fell behind when Ayeka caught up to him, he
thought she would stop him but she kept running as well.
As the two reached the jetty they saw Mihoshi and Washu standing
slightly in shock, more in fright. One of the larger of Ryo-ohki's
prongs obscured Tenchi and Ayeka's  view so they moved further along
the splintered jetty until they were up with Mihoshi and Washu.
What they saw was Ryoko, bandaged and bleeding, unconscious....
In the arms of a quite pleasing looking man, he was quite tall tall,
maybe six-ten without his shoes'. Washu regarded his face with some
what familiarity, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it, he had
reasonably long purple hair, styled like hers, but it was shorter, and
for some reason looked more masculine on him, he had quite seductive
eyes, almost like Ryoko's but they were brown, and there was definably
more friendliness about them, something Ryoko doesn't have unless she's
talking to Tenchi..
Washu took a step back then began to work at the familiarities in her
head. Mihoshi nearly suffocated as she forgot to breath, she looked
down his body at the rippling muscles beneath his torn battle suit, it
was paint-on black like Ryoko's and had green patterns here and there,
she paused, stared at his neck then winced as something fazed off the
flesh, it had been red, that was all she caught of it, as she put
her finger to her mouth to think of what to say, she looked up as the
man was now in front of her, with Ryoko still in his arms, he half bent
, half knelt down to her face and-
"what are you lookin' at gorgeous??"

Tenchi broke the long silence and stepped forward.
"Who are you!" He willed up a slight stare.
"And what have you done to Ryoko!?" Tenchi gripped sword-Tenchi on his
right hip.
The man winced at him, then seemed startled by his appearance
momentarily but then recomposed himself and then with a stare that
could peel onions gazed directly at Tenchi
and introduced himself.
"My name is Tagatashi, and I haven't done anything to Ryoko, except
maybe saving her life." There was a short silence, then Tagatashi
added-"Call me Tag for short, k."
He winked, then broke into a grin.
Washu stepped forward, looked at Tag's infectious smirk then stared
down to Ryoko.
"What happened?" She stroked Ryoko's cheek, then surveyed the injuries.
"By the way, I'm-"
Tag interrupted- "Washu, right?"
"How did you know that?" Ayeka stared at Tenchi and looked up puzzled
by the blank expression on Tag's face.
"erm..."  There was silence for a moment until he explained that Ryoko
had told him about them all on the way here.
"And as for what happened.." he continued
"She was in a little skirmish with several hundred galaxy police
cruisers at the Xenian borders and I thought it was unfair so I
joined in, by the way that new dimensional cannon on their flagship
really packs a punch."
Tag chuckled a little then exclaimed at the large slash across his arm,
cursing and blowing on it.
Mihoshi ran forward.
"If they used the dimension cannon how come you're still here, Ukinojo
said that it kabooms space or something and then the perps', I mean
the criminals get zapped into subspace if they aren't fried like
bacon..."
"Told you she was a genius..." Washu smiled then patted her on the
head. Everyone else who had all ended up with their legs in the air
after the blonde revelation got to their feet.
Washu turned on her stone cold stare again and looked right at Tag..
"So how did you survive?" Washu was about to use her patented 'I'm so
above you.' Face when she was shocked by an answer from Tag who was in
the process of levitating off  Ryo-ohki's carcass.
"Well I figured Ryoko had been killed or was unable to fight back for
some reason, Ryo-ohki was practically adrift, so when they powered up
the cannon and the GP units backed off I moved my craft in to a
defensive position in front of Ryo-ohki, that cannon damn near burned
me..."
"Would somebody put Ryoko somewhere warm please, she just needs rest
now.." Tag set Ryoko in to Katsuhito's waiting arms while Tenchi
tried to fathom the events of the last few moments. Washu willed up
her lab-top and downloaded the battle report simulation from GP
central command.
Washu's  jaw hit the ground with a loud thud.
"What kind of ship do you have....or did you have?!?! I mean it
looks like you got away clean after the impact" Washu waited with
baited breath for an answer, when she received none she looked to
see what Tag was doing.
He was descending into the wreckage, seemingly looking for....something.
Washu's jaw hit the floor again.
"What is it miss Washu?" Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder as
something grabbed him from behind.
"Hey what happened why aren't you married yet?! I want grandchildren,
like now buster!" Misaki had ambushed him and he was in a choke hold.
"What happened to Ryoko?" Washu turned to meet her friend Funaho.
Washu turned to the lake;
"Dimensional cannon."
"Ah."
The two women looked out over the wreckage as Misaki swayed Tenchi,
Ayeka and Sasami back and forth while soaking them with tears.
"That guy must be something if he can pass through solid matter like
Ryoko" Thought Washu, trying to think where there was an indigenous
species with that sort of power, the only two that came to
mind were either blue with yellow globule like testicles or breasts
which eclipsed their bodies, or they were completely 2D , this guy was
neither.
As the remaining congregation joined them next to the lake, Tag
floated up with something moving and a familiar black egg.
He scanned over the numerous people who had appeared since he was last
up here and then moved to Washu and handed her the egg.
"This is yours I believe.." Tag rubbed the back of his glove over the
egg to dry it then turned his attention to the black ball of sneezing
fluff in his left hand.
Washu checked the egg for cracks, then pointed at the fluff;
"What's that?" She looked all over for some sort of distinguishable
feature, but only found fluff.
"This? Why this is my ship." Tag grinned a little the grabbed a limb
from inside the fluff and shook it briskly with his right hand.
The crowds attention was drawn by the cat like snarls.
"Come on Shinjiquo, you'll catch a cold otherwise." He stopped the
shacking and cradled the small creature in his arms, it hissed at him
then he tickled it and it broke in to a purr.
"That looks like a cabbit, but how can it be?" Washu was bemused.
Washu looked at it black fur, longer than Ryo-ohki's, and with a blue
stripe running dead center from it's nose to the base of its tail. As
she tried to get a closer look it jumped up on to Tag's shoulder and
hid about his neck. As it jumped Washu noticed what looked  like wood
running along some its features, mainly the exo-spine that seemed to
jut out in two directions from its actual spine, it wasn't terribly
mean looking, or spiked, it was just there.
"Oh he is a cabbit, but I couldn't tell you anything more about him."
Tag pulled Shinjiquo off then put him down where it looked for some
where to hide.
Washu looked at Tag criticly-
"How old is it? Where did you get it?"; She gazed at the egg in her
arms then at her feet where Shinjiquo was staring up at it.
"Well, he's about fourteen hours old now, he should increase his
size to his adult stage momentarily..."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Ayeka stared out across the lake at the group who were talking to Tag;
presently most of the guests had either retired to their ships or had
come inside to sleep.
Her eyes were glazed and she hardly noticed even when Tag and the
others finally left the jetty for the warmth of the house.
"Tenchi.." Ayeka, with her head in her hands screamed into her tear
drenched cuffs. her face went red as she thought of the space pirate
only two doors along.
"That bitch!"
"Venomous whore!"
"Evil slut!"
Ayekas body wrenched and contorted as she thought about how many ways
she could get rid of Ryoko in seconds, and then-
How much it would hurt Tenchi.

Downstairs Tenchi was debating things over in his mind, if he wanted
to ring the neck of the man sitting next to him or if he should shake
his hand and thank him for saving Ryoko. There was something fishy
going on, this guy was a bit too friendly, almost as if he were
hiding something.
But there, at the back of Tenchi's mind, there was something about
him that made Tag seem like a trustworthy friend.
Washu wasn't really involved in the conversation between Tag and
the others because she was still trying to figure a great many things
out,
was this man a creation a Kagato? That would explain the abilitys he
had shown thus far, but what was really bothering Washu was this so
called Cabbit, she certainly didn't create it, and if kagato had, it
would probebly be somewhat more furocious or would just have a generic
cuboid form etc, then there was the question of the wood like material
jutting out in some places, none of it made sence.

"so anyway, where are you from Mr Tagatashi?" Noboyuki handed him a cup
of hot tea then sat down.
"Well, I don't really remeber, no memory loss as far as brainscans can
tell."
"-and call me Tag."
Tag took his other hand out of the blanket around him and switched the
cup from his left hand, to his right.
Washu, who had been staring into space saw something glint on his wrist
and broke her trance.
Tag's head snapped around to Washu and whatever Washu thought she saw
vanished.
Tag glared at her until finnaly Katsuhito decided the atmosphere was a
bit too thick.
"Well I don't know about everyone else but I sure am tired, whats say
we all turn in?"
He grinned from ear to ear as everyone nodded in agreement.
As everyone started sorting out thier beds on the living floor
mostly as many had given up thier beds for others Tenchi went to Tag,
just before he started Tag interupted him-
"Hadn't you better go and see Ayeka, Tenchi?
"Oh no, I forgot!
Tenchi ran to the stairs, lept over Mihoshi and Sasami and was away
in a flash.
Tag looked on in astonishment before moving so Tenchi's aunt could
go to sleep on the raised platform where they had been talking.
As he walked over to sit on the stairs Washu crept up behind him and
tried to pull out a hair and was shocked when no matter how hard she
pulled, even when Tag let out a slight whimper, she couldn't grab
even a single hair.
"Dammit Washu! If you want to do any tests just ask!" Tag met the
now miniturised scientist with a slight grin.
Washu was slightly taken aback, then gave a cheeky smile and
escorted Tag to her lab.

     "Ayeka please!" Tenchi dodged a vase.
"How could you Tenchi?! It would have taken you a minute at a stretch
to finish the vows, but no, you're still hung up on the monster woman!"
She threw another vase, this one bounced off tenchi's shoulder, he
whimpered and she started toward him, then stopped and remembered the
point of the throw.
"Ayeka! She isn't a monster!" Tenchi begged her to quieten down at
least to let the visitors sleep.
"What a surprise, I knew you'd take her side again, I knew from the
start you were only marrying me so you wouldnt get bored waiting for
that intergalactic slut to return from another galaxy-wide romp!"
As Ayeka turned to her head to see Tenchi's reaction he bowed his head
and a tear dropped to the floor, he quickly wiped his eyes with his
thumb and forefinger before turning red faced to Ayeka.
"I'm sorry Ayeka, but things keep changing, I can't keep up, if I felt
even the slightest bit less for either of you I would inform you and
then try to decide on that, but my feelings for each of you are the
same." Tenchi walked over to the window and peered over the lake at
Tsunami's emence refrlection, even though the might ship was
invisible over head.
"But I thought Ryoko's absence tipped the scale, you told me that
it was her long absence that made you decide on me-" Ayeka broke down
again.
"Why?! Why Tenchi?!"
Tenchi embraced her and let her cry.
"I a perfect world yes, but Ryoko's absence created worry in my heart
and my feelings were set aside, I'm sorry for playing with your heart
Ayeka."
Tenchi kissed her head and then stared out the window at the beam of
light creeping over the mountains, illuminating the imperial flagship.
As he gazed on for a while to come, he noticed Ayeka's whimpers had
diminished and she had exausted herself to sleep.
He held her close again, then set her down on the futon next to her
ripped, shreded dress.

Sometime in the little hours Tag had escaped the 'Angel of Mercy' and
changed his clothes and crept through the living room and leaped on to
a rafter were he spent the night.
He, and everyone else in the house, apart from Ryoko awoke to the
broom closet door slamming open and then shut with Washu running out
shouting about various numbers and equations.
Misaki, discruntled, and looking the way one does when one has had a
rather late night and been rudly awoken snapped up as if on a spring
and slapped Washu seventeen times consecutavly.
Mihoshi giggled as Misaki hit the floor with a six by eight sign
reading;
'Anyone who wakes me before breakfast shall be vandalised.'
Sasami got up, stretched then crept over to Washu and moved, with a
few others, fearing Misaki's wrath into the kitchen. Tag stretched a
little, then, still lying down, floated off the beam and through the
porthole to the kitchen.
"Washu, what is it, why all the shouting? We all thought you'd hurt
yourself again!" Sasami visualy examined Washu looking for
laserations, as shelooked over her face she was met with the same
look of shock she had seen as Washu entered the living room.
Mihoshi took this opertunity to see if throwning water at someone
really makes them 'snap out of it'. Before anyone could react she
had drenched them all with the hose attatchment on the tap.
Washu sis snap out of it, but before she expplained herself she
withdrew the genius comment from the previous night.
"It's him!!!!!!" Washu extended an hysterical finger at Tag.
Mihoshi was puzzled-
"Whats him little Washu?"
Washu thought for a moment what her origional point was-
"HOW CAN ANYONE HAVE A FIFTEEN STRAND DNA STRUCTURE?!?!?!?"
All eyes in the room converged on Tag, who was flossing a fang with a
piece of string. He looked around put his hands to his sides and
looked around again.
"What?" Tag could see most peoples lungs from the way thier jaws were
dragging.
Tag let out a chuckle then criticly analysed the room for something.
Sasami composed herself then moved through the small crowd to where
Tag was leaning against a work surface.
"What are you looking for?" The was a slight pause...
"Anyone know where i can take a shower becuase wooooo! I been space
for a lil' bit too long, know what I'm sayin'!"
Once again everyone was flat on thier backs, legs dangling in the air.

Ayeka awoke not long after she had fallen asleep, Tenchi had clearly
just drifted off in a chair next to the window. She took this
opertunity to slip out of the window on the oposite side of the room
and acroos the flat roof on the back of the house.
She slid across the slope above the deck where the jetty used to be
and let herself down onto a rainbutt, from here she made her way to
the onsen without Azaka and Kamadake bothering her.

  During a fight with Ayeka, Ryoko had oblitorated the bamboo fence
between the 'Tenchi' section and the substantial womans baths.
Ayeka undressed, clened herself then slid into the small, but
sheltered pool she had always come to when the world seemed against
her. She soon drifted away in to a state where she was niether asleep
nor awake.
Her tranquility was shattered by the sound of someone entering one of
the pools close by, Ayeka remembered the other reason she liked this
pool, she could see everything from the secluded high pool, and I
mean e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g. She silently crept over to where you left
you're clothes, she saw her purple kimono and her shoes neatly piled
up in the corner, but nothing else, she stretched out a little more
and saw that there was some black clothing, indistinguishable due to
the fact it was black, and some armour plates, they could have
belonged to any of the jurai nobleman invited to the wedding, and was
quite satisfied that whoever it was would probebly be in and out
quickly.
As she resettled herself in the pool she could hear humming from below,
she thought nothiong of it and continued trying to recapture her
previous state, it took fourteen seconds for her quriosity to get the
better of her. She crept to the point where she normally watched
Tenchi bathe she had to lean on a plant to get a look as this person
was sitting slightly further away from where Tenchi normally sat.
She looked over at someone with black hair , she couldnt see how long
because they were sitting low in the water, from what shecould see,
the person was very muscular, she suspected it may have been Tenchi
until a flash of light from a Jurai ship landing in the lakeglinted
against the persons hair and it shone deep purple.
"Tagatashi?" Ayeka spoke outloud then covered her mouth as Tag glanced
over his shoulder, only to resettle and pay no heed.
"He looks so musch like Tenchi with his hair wet.." Ayeka ran over the
simularities in his face.... "Yes, very much like Tenchi'.." She
thought.
She heard a loud 'Moai!' from the entrance and she ducked back into
the pool. Some thing about the size of a large cat hobbled in and sat
by the side of Tag, he turned to face it-
"Breakfast ready?" Tag smiled and the cabbit jumped up and vanished.
Tag stood up in the water and Ayeka blushed as she watched on.
"You can get a better look if you come down here princess..." Tag knew
that Ayeka was now as red as a beetroot and trying to hide away, he
chuckled and stepped out of the water.

At the thousand strong breakfast aboard the imperial flagship, Misaki
invited Tag along so Shinjiquo wouldn't miss his owner.. (She had
cornered his in the bathroom at the Masaki house and wouldn't let him
go..)
Tenchi wasn't saying anything, Ayeka was talking it out with Funaho,
Washu was discussing the tactical aplications of fish with Azuza, who
was desperatly trying to get out of the conversation and the rest were
at the far end of the great table chatting to noblemen etc, of course
Sasami was with Misaki on a platform to the left of Azuza's thrown at
the pinickle of the great hall. They were playing with Ryo-ohki and
Shinjiquo, Ryo-ohki was mesmerised by finnaly meeting something the
same as she was and Shinjiquo was desperatly trying to get the pink
ribbons Misaki had nearly strangled him with.
Meanwhile no one was talking to Tag, he stood up, mid-way through the
first course, exused himself to Funaho and telaported out of sight,
this did bring some silence to the table but conversation was soon
reformed.

Ryoko was just coming around as she put a leg out of bed just to find
she was in her own bedroom at the Masaki residence. She fully awoke
instantainiously to find all her injuries had healed, and the
dimensional cannon the Galaxy Police were raving about must have
been a dream. Then she thought about it, if that was a dream then
why did she have a hazey memory of something big eclipsing the light
of the GP ships, and then of alot of pain, and a man talking to her
when she was hurt...
What happened? Who was that guy? Why is most of the royal Jurai
fleet out there? Where are my socks?

***********************************************************************


Ok what did you think of that? This is my first fic and I'm not sure
how good it is, so I would greatly appreciate any creative critosism
or thoughts on how I could improve it, there are more chapters
to come, I had to stop ther because my computer says there isn't
enough memory to keep going, oh well. Thankyou for reading this
chapter, hope you'll read the next...
Next Chapter: Shall we dance?

E-mail address for any comments, complaints: Mochi_man_uk@hotmail.com
