Intro: Yo peeps, what up? o.O Yes I know, the sky...
Anywho, this story takes place at maybe two weeks
after The Goddess War. Well they are all heading back
to Earth. Tenchi is excited to be able to see his
little girl again/and depressed over Rinoa‘s death,
Ryoko herself is still depressed about Rinoa and Ayeka
now knows about Tenchi and Ryoko’s relationship. So
now, picture this, The screen in your imagination is
black and in a water wavy type of thing the title of
the story focuses into view in white lettering...?
-Blinks-

Tenchi Muyo: The Return Home

        Ryoko sat in the room she shared with Tenchi. She had
a single light on. She sat on the bed alone and
depressed. A tear slowly made it’s way down her right
cheek. She still couldn’t believe that Rinoa gave up
her life to save Ryoko. Ryoko held a single and the
only picture she had of the girl. They had taken the
picture about two weeks after they rescued her and
Ryoko for found posters.
        Rinoa was smiling and looked happy. Ryoko hadn’t let
the photograph out of her site since the day she had
died. Whenever Ryoko went to sleep Rinoa’s death would
replay in her mind. It was a horrible nightmare that
would never end. This was the first actual death she
had actually gone through. She hated the feeling of
loss and grief.
        She heard knocking at the door, she didn’t reply to
it though. The door opened up and to Ryoko’s surprise
Ayeka was standing in the doorway. In her right hand
she held a box of tissues. She then walked in with a
small smile.
        Ayeka sat down on the bed next to Ryoko. “What are
you doing here?” Ryoko asked with a sniff. Ayeka just
chuckled. Ayeka has never really seen Ryoko like this
before. The thing she was chuckling about was the way
Ryoko asked why she was in the room. She handed Ryoko
a tissue. “I know that you’ve had a hard time in that
war.” she replied. She then smiled some. “I thought
you could use some company...”
        Ryoko took the tissue and wiped her eyes with it. She
then sniffed and looked away from the princess. Ayeka
just allowed the space pirate’s actions. She knew that
Ryoko was grieving for the girl.
        “I thought you would be mad at me.” Ryoko said
quietly. Ayeka looked to Ryoko. She raised an eyebrow
at the comment. She didn’t understand what Ryoko was
talking about. “Mad for what?” she asked. Ryoko wiped
the tears away and turned to the princess. “About me
and Tenchi.” she replied. Ayeka just smiled. “I’ll be
mad at you later.” she said with a smile.
        Ryoko smiled for the first time in two weeks and even
chuckled. She was glad that Ayeka was being a good
sport at a time like this. It seemed to help Ryoko out
allot. Ryoko patted Ayeka on the back and said,
“You’re alright kid, you’re alight.” with a sniff.
        Just then Tenchi walked in through the open door. He
immediately spotted Ayeka and Ryoko. He raised an
eyebrow. “What’s up girls?” he asked. Ayeka brought
her left hand to her mouth and giggled. Ryoko just
gave a small weak grin. “Ayeka is making me laugh.”
Ryoko then hit Ayeka in the shoulder playfully and
continued, “Damn you   Ayeka”
        Tenchi smiled and shook his head. He sighed and
walked over to the bed. He looked down at Ryoko and
Ayeka. “I’m going to get something to eat, care to
join me?” he asked. Ryoko’s stomach growled. Washu had
taken Ryoko’s gems for research thus she got hungry.
She had been ignoring her stomach though, she didn’t
seem to have much of an appetite. She and Ayeka both
nodded. Tenchi held his hand out and helped them both
off the bed one at a time.
        Ryoko leaned up against Tenchi’s left side and he put
his arm around her shoulders. Ayeka was hurt at this
but tried her best to hold her feelings back. She knew
that Ryoko had gone through allot in the past two
years and needed a break from it all. The last thing
the space pirate needed was Ayeka freaking out on her.

        Nobuyuki rushed up to the shinto shrine smiling the
whole time. He had just got news that Tenchi and girls
where coming home finally. He was also happy to hear
that Tenchi had finally made his choice. He was also
happy to hear that they were all coming back in peace.
        Once he reached the top of the long stretch of stairs
he shouted out, “Hey dad, Mayuka! Where are you two?!”
His voice sounded quick with excitement. Yosho and
Mayuka made their way out to the panting Nobuyuki.
        Yosho looked the same as always. The little girl next
to him was dressed in a cute little red dress with a
picture of a yellow baby duck. Soon Ryo-ohki trailed
along behind the girl. “What is it, Nobuyuki?” Yosho
asked.
        Nobuyuki gave a winning smile to his father-in-law.
His glasses gleamed over as he spoke, “Tenchi and the
girls are coming home. Oh, and Tenchi has finally made
his choice.” Yosho raised his eyebrow. “And?” he
asked. Nobuyuki looked a little confused. “And what?”
he asked. Mayuka shook her head.
        She knew her grandfather as nothing more than an
airhead. “Who did daddy choose?” Mayuka asked in her
cute mannerly way. She could practically get away with
anything when Nubuyuki was around.  “Ohhhh! He chose
Ryoko.” he informed. Yosho had seen that one coming.
He turned away and left Nobuyuki and Mayuka alone.
        Mayuka giggled happily. She had some recollections of
her father and the girls from the Yuzuha incident. She
remembered mostly the good things. Sometimes it all
seemed like a series of weird dreams though. She
remembered the final battle too. Though she remember
some of those times when her body and mind where 15
she now had the normal mind of two years. “Does that
mean I have a mommy?” Mayuka asked. Nobuyuki nodded.
Mayuka squealed happily and ran back to the shrine
shouting out, “I have a mommy, great-grandpa!”

        Ryoko was picking at her rice with her chopsticks.
Her mind was far off in a distant past. Her face
showed little emotion if any, her eyes seemed empty
and vacant.
She just wasn’t feeling like her old self anymore.
Tenchi had noticed this and placed a his right hand on
her shoulder. “Hey, are you alright?” he asked
quietly. She blinked a few times and looked at Tenchi.
His face was full of concern. His gentle voice and
touch brought her back to reality.
        A tear once again ran down her cheek. He cupped her
face trying to stop her from shedding anymore tears.
Ayeka looked up from her food and to Ryoko. “Is she
alright, Lord Tenchi?” she asked. Tenchi shrugged
lightly as he tried to read Ryoko’s face. He saw
nothing but sadness. Ryoko then collapsed into his
arms where she began to cry in his chest.
        Tenchi had never seen Ryoko so sad. She barely slept,
she would hardly eat she hasn’t even talked much. It
was a major change from her normal carefree self.
Ryoko usually wasn’t the type to get depressed so
easily and yet here she was.
        Tenchi looked to Ayeka. “I’m going to take her back
to bed, she needs some sleep.” he said. He slowly got
up bringing Ryoko with him. “Alright.” Ayeka said as
she watched Tenchi help Ryoko out of the dinning area
of the Yukanojo.
        Ryoko leaned on Tenchi’s left side. He had his arm
around her waist for support. Once they reached their
room he opened the door and helped her over to the
bed. He sat her down on it. When he tried to get back
up she grabbed him by the wrist and gently pulled him
back down. “Please stay.” she said quietly.
        She didn’t want to be alone, not right now. Tenchi
put his right arm around her shoulders and she rested
her head on his shoulder. “Alright.” he said. She
sniffed once again. “Rinoa saved me back in that
prison camp, then she saved me in the battle with
Tokimi.” Ryoko said quietly.
        Tenchi looked down at Ryoko who was trying to subside
her tears now. “How did she save you from the prison
camp?” Tenchi asked a little curious. He also figured
that if she told him of all the things she and Rinoa
did together she would feel better.
        Ryoko closed her eyes as the memory of the little
girl sacrificing herself for Ryoko rushed through her
mind. She could feel her heart jump a bit. “She took
some of the torture for me. I really don’t know why,
we had only just met the day before.” Ryoko said with
a sniff.
        Tenchi brushed her locks away from her face. She
turned to face him. “She told me that she took the
pain for me in there because there was something in
the future that I had to do and when we got out of
there she said that you and I where meant to be
together.” she continued. Tenchi looked at her with an
unreadable face.
        She took in a deep breath and turned away from him.
“What I’m still wandering about is how she got into
the middle of our fight.” she confessed. Her tears had
left and she seemed more upset now than hurt and
depressed.
        Tenchi shrugged. He really didn’t have the answer for
that. “Rinoa was the first person, besides you, to
save my life.” Ryoko said quietly. Tenchi took her
hands in his and looked at her. Ryoko just looked back
at him. She didn’t know what he was going to say or do
next.
        “Think of it like this, she’s with her parents again
and with any other relatives that had died in that
war. She’s in a better place.” Tenchi said in a
soothing tone. Ryoko nodded. Now that he mentioned it
in that way it seemed to help Ryoko relax.
        He smiled at her and kissed her right hand before
setting it back in her lap. She turned to face him, a
small smile was planted on her face. He was facing her
now. He put his right hand on her left cheek. “You
feeling better now?” She nodded. He smiled at her. He
was concerned about Ryoko’s actions and attitude. He
was afraid that Ryoko would do something dramatic.
        But before he could do anything Ryoko had put her
arms around his back and leaned forward. “I love you.”
she whispered. He blinked. He felt the hotness in his
cheeks as he turned red. She just smiled at him
weakly. He then smiled back and held her closer to
him. “I love you too.” he said back to her. He then
felt her kiss him softly full on the lips.
        This was the first time she had been so open and so
willing to talk to someone in a couple of weeks.
Tenchi felt as though he finally got through to Ryoko.
Perhaps he even gave hope to her now. He had nothing
but undying love for Ryoko, in fact he was still
falling in love with her.
        She then pulled away. “Thank you for being there for
me.” she said. He just smiled and nodded. He would
always be there for her not matter what the
circumstances where. He knew that she would always be
there for him too.

        The week of traveling came to an end. Yukanojo had
touched down right along side of the house in the
lake. Tenchi looked out the window. It felt so good to
be finally home. “Well people, we are home at last.”
Kiyone said over the intercom. Sasami rushed down the
hall with a backpack in hand. She giggled as she ran
past Tenchi.
        Tenchi bent down and picked up his old high school
backpack and hung it over his right shoulder. He then
grabbed a suitcase and walked over to the room he and
Ryoko where using. Ryoko was just picking up her large
duffle bag when he entered. “Ready to get out of
here?” Tenchi asked.
        Ryoko stood back to her full height and turned
towards Tenchi. She smiled in that ’I’m glad to be
home’ sort of sense. She nodded and walked over to his
side. They both walked towards the exit. Once they
reached it everyone was standing about. “Well guys, I
think it’s time for everything to go back to normal.”
Washu said. Everyone had agreed by nodding their
heads. Kiyone punched in a code and the docking door
opened up.
        The fresh air entered the Yagami. Tenchi breathed in
that country air deeply along with everyone else. They
could never get tired of that smell. Everyone piled
off and looked around. Nothing had changed, everything
was just the way they left it. Bright and cheery.
        Once Tenchi got off he spotted his dad, grandfather
and Mayuka. Mayuka had a large smile on her face when
she saw her daddy. She ran to him, arms wide open and
ready for a bear hug. Tenchi knelt down and Mayuka ran
into his waiting arms. “I missed you daddy!” the
little girl shouted.
        It was all a cute scene. Everyone smiled and awed at
it. Once Mayuka and Tenchi released each other she
asked, “Is it true about what grandpa said?” Tenchi
raised an eyebrow and looked over to his father who
had a goofy grin and winked at him. Tenchi looked up
to Ryoko who was blushing slightly. “Is it true that I
have a mommy?” she questioned.
        Tenchi turned red at this. Ryoko seemed to have
gotten even redder. Ayeka just raised an eyebrow. “How
disgusting.” she said under her breath. Ryoko looked
over to Ayeka with an icy glare. “Quiet you.” she
said.
        Mayuka blinked a couple of times then prodded Tenchi.
Tenchi shifted his view back to Mayuka. “If she wants
the job.” he said as he looked back up to Ryoko with a
playful grin. Ryoko, redder than ever, nodded at the
two.
        Mayuka broke away from Tenchi and ran up to Ryoko.
Once the little girl reached her new “mommy” (-snicker
snicker-) she hugged her leg tightly. Ryoko blinked
and looked down at the child. She was completely
baffled. What was she to do? She had no idea of how to
be a mother!
        Tenchi smiled and chuckled silently at the sight. Now
even Ayeka had to admit, this was cute yet funny at
the same time. As a matter of fact Ayeka was smiling
and chuckling at this. Ayeka had never seen a child
with Ryoko like this before, it was quite amusing.
        Ryoko sat her duffle bag down. Mayuka let Ryoko’s leg
go when she heard the light thud of the bag touching
down to the ground. Ryoko knelt down to the girl’s
level and smiled. Once again Mayuka hugged the woman.
Ryoko returned the embrace.
(-Giggles- ^.^ Oh my god so cute! -squeals- o.O)

        It was later in the evening now. Nobuyuki had
prepared a large dinner for everyone. The dinner
contained fried rice, chicken, mashed potatoes and
gravy, some fried prong, and lot’s of other good food
like that.
        Everyone was eating like they had never ate before.
Especially Ryoko. Since her mother still had her gems
she was hungry and never was able to actually taste
her food.
Besides that she hadn’t eaten good in at least three
weeks now. She was still upset about Rinoa but was now
to the point where she was able to mostly cope with
the loss.
        “Mm! This is the best meal I have ever had in a long
time!” Tenchi exclaimed with a small mouth full of
food. Ayeka frowned. “And obviously it’s been a while
since you used your dinner manners” she pointed out.
Everyone laughed at this. Everything seemed to be
returning to normal. It felt nice to know that they
could relax and not worry about anything.
        Yosho pointed at Tenchi and said, “Tonight you get
the honors of doing the dishes.” Everyone stopped
laughing and talking when they heard Yosho’s order to
Tenchi. Ryoko glared at him. “My Tenchi is not doing
the dishes tonight.” She then looked to Ayeka and
grinned. “But she could.” she remarked as she pointed
the back end of her chopsticks at her.
        Ayeka glared at Ryoko and growled. “Why don’t you do
them? You never had helped out around the house!”
Ayeka shot back Ryoko stuck her tongue out at Ayeka.
She then got an evil grin on her face. “Yeah well, I’m
the one that won that war you know.” As the fight
between Ayeka and Ryoko continued Tenchi couldn’t help
but smile. Everything seemed to be normal once again.

        Everyone had gone to bed now. Yosho wouldn’t allow
Ryoko to sleep with Tenchi yet so she was sleeping in
her old room. She was lying on her left side. Rinoa’s
picture was in her right hand. Her arms where in a
crisscross position at about a foot and a half away
from her body.
        The death of Rinoa was playing back in her mind. But
there was something different about it. Something had
changed. She knew what it was as soon as she noticed
it. Rinoa’s ghostly figure was floating about a foot
away from Ryoko. “Beware, he still lives.” Rinoa said.
        Ryoko didn’t understand what Rinoa meant. “Who still
lives?” Ryoko questioned. Rinoa didn’t answer. Instead
she slowly faded away. What did she mean ‘he still
lives‘? She sat there trying to figure this out. But
she soon woke up before she could really ponder at the
girl’s words.
        Ryoko slowly woke up to the gentle shaking that was
being caused by someone. She turned over to see Mayuka
sitting next to her. Ryoko blinked a few times and
yawned. She looked over to the clock on her
nightstand. It read 11:42 PM.
        Ryoko rubbed her eyes. “What is it?” she asked
calmly. Ryoko sat up and yawned again. “I had a scawry
dream.” the little girl said. (I know I spelled scary
wrong, but this is a little girl talkin’ here.... o.O)
Ryoko looked at Mayuka. She stretched out and said,
“You did? What kind of a scary dream?”
        Mayuka sniffed and held a little stuffed tiger that
looked to be very worn by how it’s stripes were faded
and how it’s fur was all ruff closely to her. “This
big scawry man came and tried to hurt evewyone.” she
said in a small voice.
        Ryoko was concerned now. “What did he look like?” she
questioned wide awake now. Mayuka looked a little
confused but answered the woman’s question. “He was
tall... Oh an he had white hair with glasses on. He
had a big gween glowy thingy too.” Ryoko knew who that
was all to well. “Kagato? It can’t be!” she said in a
scared/confused manner.
        Ryoko through her blanket off and looked at the girl.
“We’re going to talk to daddy about this.” she said in
a calm tone. Ryoko scooped Mayuka up in her right arm
and walked for her door.
        There was no way she was going to get peace yet was
there? She made her way to Tenchi’s door and knocked
on it. Tenchi shifted around in his bed. “Who is it?”
he asked in a groggy tone. Ryoko opened the door and
walked in. “It’s me and Mayuka.” Ryoko said.
        Tenchi was a bit confused. “Is something wrong?” he
asked as he suddenly sat up in his bed. He couldn’t
but be a bit jumpy. Anymore it was like a natural
reaction. Ryoko made her way to his bed. He watched
her for a brief moment then turned his reading lamp
on. “Well Mayuka had a nightmare about someone we
know.” Tenchi was even more confused. Ryoko let Mayuka
go and the girl flopped down in between her mother and
father. “Go ahead honey, tell daddy what you told me.”
Ryoko said in a motherly tone.
        Mayuka blinked. Did she hear Ryoko correctly? Did she
say that they knew the man from her dream? “Well, a
big scawry man came and tried to hurt us. He was tall,
he had white hair. Oh yeah he wore these little
glasses and he held a green glowy thingy.” Tenchi
looked from his daughter to Ryoko. “The funny thing
is, Rinoa came to me in my sleep and said ‘Beware, he
still lives’.” Ryoko took in a deep breath. “Then she
woke me up and told me about her nightmare.” Ryoko
finished.
        Tenchi was in disbelief. How could Kagato come back?
Tenchi had killed him over three years ago. He shook
his head. “It’s just a coincidence. It has to be.”
Tenchi protested. Ryoko shook her head in
disagreement. “How can our daughter have a dream about
Kagato if she never even heard of him?” Ryoko
questioned.
        Mayuka liked the sound of that. She still couldn’t
believe she had a mom. Finally after two years of
living with her grandpa and great-grandpa she got her
daddy back. She even got a new mommy in the same day!
        Tenchi nodded. Ryoko had a good point. He looked at
Mayuka, a renewed smile on his face and asked,
“Mayuka, what did the man do?” Mayuka looked up to her
father and her face twisted up into concentration. She
then remembered what the man had said to her new
mother in the dream. “He said something like ‘I want
revenge for what you and that Ju-ju,” “Juraian?”
Tenchi asked in a sort of helping out his daughter
manner. “Ya! Juraian’s done to me’.  That’s what he
told mommy anyways. ” she stopped and raised an
eyebrow. “Whatever revenge and Ju-ju-raian mean.” she
said sounding out the word Juraian.
        Tenchi and Ryoko where sure of this now. It had to be
Kagato. Ryoko didn’t understand why Mayuka was
dreaming about him though. Then the thought struck
her. Maybe Rinoa was trying to warn them! Maybe this
was the only way she could! Ryoko looked to Tenchi. “I
think Rinoa is warning us! I mean come on! She tells
me that he still lives and then Mayuka has a dream
about Kagato.” she said calmly. She didn’t want to
upset Mayuka.
        Tenchi nodded. That seemed to be the case. But why
now? Why after all this time? Kagato could have taken
advantage in the war and caught them off guard. But
then again Tenchi was glad that Kagato didn’t attack
in the middle of the war. But he didn't understand
some things still. Like how could he be alive? Tenchi
had killed him... or he thought he did anyways.
        Ryoko seemed to have been thinking about the same
thing. Only Tenchi caught a tear rolling down her
right cheek. “Mayuka, are you feeling better now?”
Tenchi asked as he switched his eye sight to his
confused daughter. She nodded and he smiled. “Why
don’t you go back to bed. Mommy and I have to talk
privately.” Tenchi said calmly and quietly.
        Mayuka nodded and rolled off the bed. “Night mommy,
night daddy.” she said as she rushed out of the room.
Tenchi scooted over to Ryoko. He placed his hands on
her shoulders. “What’s wrong?” he asked. She sniffed.
“We won’t ever get away from fighting will we?” he
heard her say.
        He knew that they haven’t had much for peace in a
long time. He was getting tired of the fighting too
but he had to keep everyone’s spirit up. He gently
placed his right hand on her cheek. She grabbed his
hand and then grabbed him in a exhausted embrace.
        She felt him put his arms around her. She was so
tired of war, fighting, disease and death. She was
tired of reality. About the only good things that
happened to her in the past two years where, meeting
Rinoa, Tenchi confessing his love for her and Mayuka
being her new daughter. Everything else just seemed to
go horribly wrong.
        But as she thought of all this she fell asleep in his
arms. He gave her a weak smile and kissed her
forehead. Screw his grandfather, he thought. Ryoko was
just going to stay here for the night. She was tired,
angry, confused, and depressed all in one package.
This had to be stressing her out. He never thought
that things could get so bad for the space pirate.

         He slowly lied her down on his bed. He then pulled
the covers over her. She let out a small yawn in her
sleep. He then lied down next to her and carefully
pulled the covers over himself. He settled down and
folded his arms behind his head. As he stared off into
space he began to drift off into a state of sleep.

        The next day had rolled by. Everything seemed back to
normal. This was how life should be, Tenchi thought.
Calm yet chaotic in a good sort of way. Ryoko was
surprisingly helping Sasami and everyone else clean
the house up. Tenchi guessed that in that war Ryoko
had matured some. He didn’t mind how she could be a
wild woman, but in fact that was one of the many
things that he loved about her. So relaxed and care
free. But that was one thing she was lacking these
days.
        Ryoko was dusting the TV now. Tenchi had been
cleaning the bookcase up. It was obvious to everyone
that Nobuyuki hardly cleaned certain things. Tenchi
stopped and sighed. He then wiped his brow and said,
“Few, all done here.” Tenchi looked to Ryoko who was
now wiping the TV screen with a wash rag.
        He smiled at her. She was wearing headphones and he
could just barely hear the music that was playing in
her disk man. She was lightly tapping her foot on the
floor to the beat. Tenchi chuckled. No matter what
happened to her she would always keep at least a bit
of that daring side.
        Ayeka was getting jealous at the way Tenchi was
looking at Ryoko. It was so loving and loyal. Ayeka
couldn’t keep her feelings to herself any longer. She
stood up from where she was cleaning the table top. “I
cannot take this anymore!” she shouted Tenchi looked
over to Ayeka. Ryoko, hearing Ayeka over her loud
music, also turned to look at the princess.
        Ryoko took her headphones off and raised an eyebrow.
The loud music was clear enough for everyone to hear
now. “What is it, Ayeka?” Ryoko asked a bit confused.
Ayeka huffed and stormed over to the stair case. She
then marched up the stairs thumping her feet on them
as she made her way to her room. Then Tenchi and Ryoko
heard the loud slam of her door.
        Ryoko looked to Tenchi. “What’s her problem?” she
asked. Tenchi shrugged. He honestly had no idea what
had gotten into the princess. Whatever it was it made
her mad. Ryoko shrugged and put her headphones back on
and went back to cleaning the TV.

        Ayeka paced around her room trying to keep her cool.
It wasn’t working. She picked up her pillow and
through it across the room. It hit the wall to the far
right and bounced off landing on the floor. “Why does
he have to flirt with that monster woman?! Why does he
have to stare at her so lovingly?!” Ayeka shouted out.

        She wasn’t quite used to the new relationship that
had formed between Ryoko and Tenchi. In fact she never
wanted to get used to it. She hated Ryoko’s guts for
it. The dreams Ayeka had about her and Tenchi settling
down all went down the drain. She was just so angry
for what had happened. She wanted to blame it all on
Tenchi too.
        She didn’t understand what Tenchi saw in Ryoko. Ryoko
was a mannerless woman that robbed banks and blew up
homes and in the past blew up planets. Even now Ryoko
was destructive, maybe not as much, but still. Ryoko
had ruined her life, so she thought. Ayeka had to let
the universe know what she was feeling. She was angry,
lost and lonely.
        “Lunch is ready!” Ayeka heard Sasami say from
downstairs. Ayeka huffed and went to her door. She
opened it and walked to the staircase. She marched
down them in her angry fit. She went over to the table
and flopped down on her pillow next to Sasami.
        Ryoko and Tenchi sat down on the other side of the
table where they used to sit before the war. Sasami
and Nobuyuki came out of the kitchen holding platters
of food. They sat the food down on the table and took
their seats.
        Everyone began to dig in. “I forgot just how good
your cooking tasted, Sasami!” Tenchi exclaimed after
he gulped down some of his food. Kiyone and Mihoshi
agreed and Ryoko cheerfully slurped down some noodles
and rinsed with some of her sake. “Yeah! And my sake
tastes better aged!” Ryoko chimed in. Everyone
laughed, all except Ayeka who was fuming at the space
pirate.
        She hated her guts even more than usual. Actually she
felt more betrayed than jealous. Ryoko, one of her
best friends, had taken the one man she loved. (Loved
being the key word. o.O Don’t ask, It’ll explain
itself in due time...) Sasami, noticing the fuming
Ayeka, got a bit worried.
        “What’s the matter Ayeka?” Sasami asked. Ayeka
immediately stood up. She pointed at Ryoko and yelled
out, “That woman is what!” Ryoko looked up at Ayeka
with a confused look. “You! You took him! I will never
forgive you, you traitor!” she continued.
        Ryoko was on her feet now. She never toke Tenchi, he
came to her and she was ready to tell the princess
this. “Traitor?! I would never betray my friends or
family!” Ryoko shouted out angrily. Ryoko was hurt at
the sudden outburst that had occurred. Ayeka huffed
loudly. “Ha! That’s a new one! Please tell me more!”
Ayeka had tears in her eyes now.
        Tenchi stood up from where he was sitting. He looked
from one girl to the other. He never saw them get into
such a personal fight before and didn’t know how to
handle it. Mayuka was getting upset at the sudden
rampaging fight between her mother and aunt.
        Ryoko was shouting back at Ayeka now with a hint of
hurt in her voice. “I would never steal anyone from
you or any of the other girls in a million years!
Hell, I wouldn’t do it at all!” Ryoko had some tears
running down her face now. She wasn’t about to let
Ayeka walk all over her though, no not like that.
        Tenchi looked to Ayeka now. “Ayeka, she didn’t do
anything, I made the choice.” Tenchi said quietly.
Ayeka looked to Tenchi. Did he say that he made the
choice?! This had hurt Ayeka badly now. After three
years of knowing him, after seeing him tell Ryoko to
leave him alone. He chose her?! Ayeka shook her head
as she backed away from the table.
        Ayeka was devastated. More tears seemed to have
gushed out of her eyes as she heard this from him. She
looked around to see the others who where still trying
to understand what had just happened. “I won’t believe
it! You! You could hardly stand having that woman hang
on you! How could you chose her?!” she demanded.
        Tenchi sighed. “The only reason why I told Ryoko to
back off was because I was afraid to lose a friend.”
The others already knew that. They just could tell.
Every time Ryoko would hang on him or force herself
onto him and he told her to stop they knew he didn’t
really want her to.
        Ayeka looked back at Ryoko. “This is all your fault!”
She yelled. She then turned and ran to her room. They
all heard the loudest slamming of a door they had ever
heard. The people at the table still couldn’t stop
their heads from spinning. This fight had just came
out of nowhere at all.
        Ryoko, who was very upset at the whole thing, said,
“This is my fault.” then disappeared from sight. Ryoko
was blaming herself for something that wasn’t in her
power to begin with. Ryoko just wanted to be alone so
she could think. She was having a very hard time with
life recently and she didn’t know just how much more
of this she could handle.
        Tenchi sighed and ran outside. Everyone wandered what
he was doing but figured that he too wanted to be
alone. Once he reached the front yard he turned and
looked to the roof. There she was lying on her left
side. He ran back to the house and rushed up the
stairs and to his room leaving the others with
confused expressions on their faces.
        Once Tenchi reached his room he ran to the door that
lead to his porch. He opened  it up and exited his
room and onto his porch. He walked over to a ladder
that went to the roof. He climbed up it slowly and
slowly Ryoko filled his vision completely. He stepped
onto the roof and slowly walked over to her.
        Ryoko noticing Tenchi turned to her right side
exposing her back to him. Tenchi continued to walk to
her and sat by her once he got to her. “Leave me
alone, Tenchi.” she said quietly, her voice breaking.
Tenchi sighed and looked out to the lake.
        “Ryoko, it’s not your fault.” he told her firmly.
Ryoko sniffed and wiped the tears away with her left
arm. There was a slight breeze and flowed through
Ryoko’s hair and it cooled the back of her neck. She
sighed and then rolled onto her back and looked up at
the sky. Tenchi never looked away from the lake
though. They just sat there in silence and with out
movement for what seemed like hours.
        Ryoko closed her eyes and breathed in the calming
smells of the country wood and leaves. It was a
relaxing scent. She had always enjoyed the scenery
too. “I’m sorry, Tenchi.” she said breaking the
silence. Tenchi looked down at her. “For what?” he
asked calmly. “For blaming myself.”
        Tenchi gave a small smile and shook his head.
“There’s nothing to be sorry about.” he told her. She
sat up and scooted up next to him. She  wrapped her
arms around his shoulders and rested her head on his
right shoulder and sighed. He put his arm around her
shoulder and kissed her on the forehead.

        Ayeka had been putting things back in her suit cases.
She couldn’t stay here anymore. She wanted to go back
to Jurai. She had enough of this life. She was going
to help take care of the throne back home. She just
couldn’t stay here and continuously see the face of
the woman that betrayed her.
        She left her room still in a mad fit from earlier.
Everyone except Tenchi, Ryoko and herself had went
back to cleaning the house. “Where is Washu?” Ayeka
questioned Kiyone. Kiyone looked to the storage unit
and sighed. “She said she was going to ‘clean’ her
lab...” she answered.
        Ayeka turned away from the GP officer and walked over
to the storage unit. She knocked on the door and
Washu’s face appeared on a little screen. “What is it?
I’m busy, go away!” she said impatiently. Ayeka barged
right into the lab anyways.
        Ayeka had left the door wide open when she stormed
in. The girls swarmed around the door and listened in
on what was going on in the lab. They heard Washu
screaming at Ayeka and Ayeka was yelling right back.
The next thing they heard was the loud rumble of a
space ship.
        Ayeka then came storming out of the lab. The girls
stepped away from the door and watched Ayeka go back
to her room. They then swarmed around the window like
a bunch of stupid tourists crowding the deer at Yellow
Stone Park like they never seen one before.
        Ayeka came back down luggage in hand and outside to
her tree ship that had appeared out of nowhere. Sasami
then saw Azaka and Kamidaki float over to Ayeka. A
green glowing bubble thing surrounded them and they
teleported to the ship.
        Sasami got scared now. What was Ayeka doing? Sasami
ran out to the front yard right as Ayeka came back for
more luggage. “What are you doing Ayeka?” Sasami asked
as she followed her sister back to the house.
        Ayeka went up the stairs and to her room. Sasami sat
at the bottom of the stairs. Ayeka came out of her
room again with more suit cases. “I’m leaving! I
cannot stand that space pirate or Tenchi!” she shouted
out. Sasami was confused now. Why was Ayeka in such a
mood, Sasami wandered.
        Ayeka left the house and headed for Ryo-oh her space
ship. She teleported inside and a minute later was
back outside. She looked up to the roof and saw Tenchi
trying to help Ryoko stop crying. “I’m leaving now!”
she shouted out.
        The reason why Ryoko was crying was because she saw
the ship and knew that Ayeka was going to leave.
Tenchi was trying his best to help her stop but he was
failing miserably. Ryoko started to cry even harder
now. She was upset and hurt at what Ayeka was doing
and all Ayeka was thinking about was herself.
        Sasami, hearing Ryoko crying, rushed outside and to
Ayeka. “What are you doing? You aren’t the only one
with problems you know!” Sasami shouted. This just
didn’t seem like Ayeka at all. She was stuck on her
feelings and no one else’s.
        Ayeka huffed loudly and turned for her ship. She
stopped right then, her sanity catching up to her. She
blinked a few times and looked around. What was she
doing, she asked herself. She turned back around to
see that Sasami was starting to get upset at her older
sister’s actions. She then shifted her view up to
Ryoko and Tenchi.
        Ayeka sighed and bowed her head. This was no way for
the first crown princess of Jurai to act. “I am sorry,
Sasami. I must be stressing myself out and I shouldn’t
be blaming others for it.” she said quietly. Sasami
looked up at her sister and wiped the tears from her
eyes.
        Ayeka then looked up to the roof. Ryoko was crying
into Tenchi’s shoulder now. Tenchi had his arms around
her trying to comfort her. Ayeka was very ashamed at
what was going on. She knew that Ryoko would be very
sensitive for a while but she didn't take that into
consideration.
        Ayeka walked past Sasami and back to the house. She
slowly went up the stairs and to Tenchi’s room. His
door was open and she looked around. The room was
still nice and tidy, except he hadn’t made his bed
yet.
        She walked in and to the porch and stepped outside.
She could hear Tenchi trying to calm Ryoko down who
was still crying in his shoulder. Ayeka climbed the
latter and saw the two sitting there.
        She was going to apologize to them and try to make it
up to Ryoko. She felt very bad and ashamed for what
she had done to the space pirate. She stepped onto the
roof and straitened her kamono out. “Excuse me. I
wanted to say I’m sorry for what I have done.” she
said quietly.
        Tenchi looked over his shoulder and to Ayeka. She was
fiddling with her right sleeve and had her head bowed.
She looked like she had just realized what she did.
Ryoko was sobbing lightly now. When she heard the
princess’s voice she turned away from both her and
Tenchi.
        “I’m really sorry for my actions and I could
understand if you don’t accept my apology but I want
to make it up to both of you.” she said. Tenchi looked
back to Ryoko who was wiping the tears from her eyes.
Ryoko then stood up and turned to the princess.
“Well I don’t accept. Not right now. But you can help
me by telling me why you blew up on me like that.”
        Ayeka looked out to the lake. She really didn’t know
why she got so angry. It was like she lost her sanity
and everything else. She looked back at Ryoko and
shrugged. “I really don’t know what happened. I guess
I’m stressed.....” she trailed off not knowing what to
say.
        Ryoko sighed and let her body relax a bit. “I’m sorry
if Tenchi and I are hanging all over each other in
front of you. I can understand that your hurt about
that, but like I said before, I wouldn’t steal anyone
from you or the others.” Tenchi was looking at Ryoko
with a small smile. He knew that she could be
understanding at times like this.
        Ayeka nodded and sighed. “I’m sorry that I....
expressed my feelings about it in the wrong way. I
know that you and Tenchi love each other and that it
must be hard to restrain yourselves from showing that
to each other when you’re around everyone.” Ryoko and
Tenchi blushed then nodded. That was exactly the
truth. They haven’t even begun to show each other just
how much they loved one another.
        Ryoko had a small smile on her face now. Perhaps she
could have some peace after all. But just then Ryoko
felt a ping. The ping was the energy of someone.
Someone that she knew and was afraid of. Ryoko turned
and looked up at the sky. There it was, the new Soja.
“It can’t be!” she shouted.
        Ayeka and Tenchi looked up to the sky now and saw
what Ryoko had noticed. Sasami too was looking at the
Soja now. Ayeka was in disbelief. “That can’t be
Kagato can it?!” she demanded. Ryoko was shaking all
over her body now. She sensed his power and it was
greater than it had ever been.
        Sasami was scared also. She was confused too. How was
Kagato alive? she wandered. “Sasami, go get the
others!” Tenchi shouted down at her. Sasami turned and
ran to the house as fast as she could. Once inside she
shouted, “Guys! It’s Kagato, he’s back!”
        Mihoshi and Kiyone turned and looked at the little
princess in a confused manner. Kiyone shook her head.
“Tenchi killed him almost three years ago.” she said.
Mihoshi nodded and continued to clean the kitchen
shudders.
        Sasami ran up to the teal haired GP and grabbed her
shirt’s sleeve and pulled her to the window. “That’s
the Soja, his ship!” she protested as she pointed to
it. It was in the process of reaching their position.
Kiyone raised an eyebrow and tore away from Sasami and
rushed outside to get a better look. The others ran up
behind her seconds after.

        Kagato grinned as he watched the group from a view
screen. Everyone was there except for Washu. He
chuckled to himself as he watched a computer monitor.
It read 20,000 feet above the ground and they where
getting closer by the second.
        He turned away from the view screen and walked over
to another computer. He looked it over and it said ten
minutes before they reached the Earth’s surface. “They
will all pay.” he said silently. He meant it too. He
was going to kill them if it was the last thing he
did.

        Tenchi ran back to the house to get his sword. Kiyone
and Mihoshi had ran in after him three seconds later
for their uniforms and GP Blasters. Ryoko was scared
but she was not about to show the others that. She
hated the feeling too and she wished that she could
get rid of that emotion.
        A minute later Tenchi came back out just as the Soja
was hovering about 50 feet over head. Tenchi was at
Ryoko’s side now and was holding his sword in his
hand. Ryoko looked to Tenchi who had a look of
amazement and confusion at the same time.
        Ryoko took his hand in hers and he looked at her.
“I’m scared.” she told him quietly. He nodded and put
his arm around her shoulder. “It will be all right.”
he said in a reassuring tone. She sighed and looked
back up to the Soja.
        Then Kagato appeared from a green glowing sphere. He
had a wicked grin and he looked just as evil as
before. Tenchi let Ryoko go and stepped out in front
of her. He ignited the brilliant blue blade of the
Tenchi-Ken. “Well, I see you haven’t lost your spunk,
eh Tenchi.” Kagato said with an evil smile.
        Kagato then shook his head. “I haven’t come here to
take my revenge on you, though I should. I just want
Ryoko back.” he said in a calm manner. Tenchi didn’t
like the sound of that.
        Just then Mihoshi and Kiyone came out with their
blasters in hand and dressed in their uniforms. Washu
was also with them. Kiyone, seeing Kagato for the
first time, already didn’t like him just by his looks.
Her eyes narrowed at the space pirate and readied
herself for a fight.
        Washu glimpsed at Ryoko and then transferred all of
her gems to her. Ryoko noticed this and nodded at
Washu. Washu smiled at her daughter and then looked to
Kagato. Her eyes thinned as she stared at her former
student.
        Tenchi clenched his sword even tighter. “You will not
get her. You will have to kill me first.” he said in a
low tone. Kagato chuckled. He then shook his head.
“Fine, we’ll do this the hard way.” he said.
        Just then an electrical charge surrounded Ryoko. She
screamed out in pain then fell to the ground, barely
conscious. It was just like before when Kagato had
first shown up at the Masaki residence. “Ryoko!”
Tenchi shouted as he rushed to her side. Just as he
reached her though she and Kagato vanished. “If you
want her back so bad, come and fight me. We’ll decide
who gets Ryoko.” came Kagato’s voice out of nowhere.
        Tenchi looked to Mihoshi and Kiyone. “We’ll get
Yukanojo ready.” Kiyone said quietly. She and Mihoshi
then turned and ran back to the house. Tenchi turned
to Ayeka. “Can you, no will you help us?” he asked her
in a pleading manner. She nodded in silence.
        No matter how they acted to each other in front of
the others Ryoko is one of her best friends. She
wasn’t about to let her down either. She gave Tenchi a
weak smile and then looked up to the Soja.

        They where up in space now. Tenchi, Ayeka, Mihoshi,
Kiyone and Washu stood around the cockpit of Mihoshi’s
ship the Yukanojo. The Soja was on the view screen and
Tenchi was getting more and more angry at Kagato.
        There was a beeping noise as the robotic machine
named Yukanojo came out of the ceiling. A small see
through screen appeared and a message quickly rushed
into view. Kiyone and Mihoshi both read it over. They
both looked at each other and nodded.
        “Alright Tenchi, Kagato sent a message saying come
aboard.” Kiyone said as she stood up from her seat.
Mihoshi got to her feet too. Tenchi gave a nod and
turned around to Ayeka. “I appreciate what you’re
doing.” he said. Ayeka shook her head and waved her
left hand. “Ryoko is one of my best friends and I
wouldn’t let her down.” she admitted finally.
        Then a green orb surrounded everyone, except Washu,
and they were off of the Yukanojo. Once the shimmering
green light dimmed and faded away they found
themselves in the middle of a hallway in the Soja.
        Tenchi was in his battle attire as was Ayeka. Mihoshi
and Kiyone where in their regular GP uniforms with
rifle blasters in their hands. They where ready for a
battle. Tenchi, though, was weary for battle. He
didn’t want to fight anymore but he had to save his
beloved. He loved Ryoko with everything he was and so
much more. He wanted her in his arms and he wanted to
feel her soft touch.
        He was angry now. This time he would definitely would
make sure Kagato stayed dead. He wasn’t going to haunt
Ryoko any more. Tenchi’s grip on his sword tightened
and he gritted his teeth trying to keep calm. It
wasn’t working.
        Just then Tenchi broke out into a full run. As he ran
through the halls he ignited the Tenchi-ken. Ayeka and
the others where running behind him trying to keep up
with his pace. They soon reached a large open room.
Pillars where lined up in one long row on each side of
the room. The floor was made of what looked to be
marble. Tenchi looked around and soon spotted Ryoko.
She was chained by her wrists, ankles and waist to a
hard vertical metal table. She was unconscious and her
head hung.
        Tenchi got even more pissed at this. “KAGATO!!! COME
OUT AND FACE ME!!” Tenchi shouted out. His tone and
expression scared Ayeka. She had never seen Tenchi so
angry. She looked at him and she could swear he was a
different person all of a sudden. She guessed this was
what happened when one was in love and their love was
kidnapped right in front of them.
        She heard a small groaning noise and turned to see
Ryoko regaining consciousness. Tenchi had also noticed
this and had immediately rushed over to her. “Ryoko!”
he yelled out. Ryoko slowly lifted her head and saw
Tenchi running towards her. Once he reached her she
gave him a weak smile. He cupped her face in his hands
gently. “I’ll get you out of here.” he said quietly.
She took in a deep breath. “I know you will.” she
replied.
        He then kissed her fully on the lips. She tried her
best to return the kiss to the best she could. Then a
deep laughter filled the ship and Tenchi broke away
from Ryoko. He let her face go and turned just in time
to see Kagato appear about three feet away from them.
        “Oh, how sweet.” Kagato began. “So, the mighty prince
of Jurai is in love with a worthless space pirate like
Ryoko.” he ended in an evil tone. Tenchi didn’t like
what he had just heard. Ryoko wasn’t worthless, not in
Tenchi’s eyes or the family’s eyes for that matter.
“Ryoko is not worthless.” Tenchi said in an angered
tone. Kagato just raised an eyebrow.
        Just then, Tenchi advanced Kagato at full force. He
raised his sword over his head and yelled out, “I will
take Ryoko with me!” then slashed his sword down at
the space pirate. Tenchi got nothing but air as Kagato
turned himself sideways. Tenchi landed on the ground
with a light thump and turned to face the man.
        He once again advanced by swinging his sword at his
midsection with all of his might. Kagato caught the
blade in his hand and grabbed Tenchi by the wrist
lifting him off of the ground. “I will tell you what I
told you three years ago,” he started. “If you had
only left her behind you could have remained alive.”
Tenchi, with an angered expression looked Kagato
straight in the eyes. “And I’ll say the same thing I
said three years ago. I’d rather die than forsake
Ryoko.” Kagato threw Tenchi across the room and he hit
the wall to the far left with a loud thud.
        Ryoko watched with horror at the whole scene. Ayeka
had then charged Kagato and she too was sent flying
across the room and into a pillar. Mihoshi and Kiyone
shot off multiple shots with their rifles but they
reflected off of him and rickashayed everywhere.
Ryoko’s anger was building up inside of her and she
was about to explode. This was her family Kagato was
messing with and she wasn’t about to let him get away
with it.
        She struggled and tried to break out of the chains.
“Stop it! Leave them alone!” she shouted out with
anger. Kagato looked at Ryoko. That was a mistake.
Tenchi had sliced Kagato’s right arm open. Kagato
shrieked out with pain as he held his arm. Tenchi once
again advanced noticing that Kagato was bleeding.
Perhaps last time he had only fought a shadow of
Kagato. It was possible. Kagato had noticed Tenchi
attacking again and shot an energy burst at him. Once
again Tenchi was sent flying across the room.
          “I SAID STOP IT!!” Ryoko shouted out in even more
anger. She broke out of one of the restraints now.
With her right hand free she created her energy sword
and freed herself. Kagato turned just in time to see
Ryoko slash her sword down at him. He barely got away
though by teleportation.
        Now Tenchi and Ayeka where attacking him at full
force. Kagato easily threw Ayeka off course but Tenchi
wasn’t as easy to deal with. Kagato had powered up
just enough energy though to blast an energy ball at
him. He shot it out at Tenchi’s midsection. It
connected and he went right through a pillar.
        Ryoko stopped in mid-advance when she saw Tenchi hit
and went through the pillar. She noticed some blood
come out of his mouth. “No!” she said in just a
whisper. Tenchi hit the floor with a loud thud and was
out cold. Large pieces of pillar where falling down
towards him now. Ryoko quickly teleported to him and
grabbed him, she then teleported away just as one
large boulder was a foot above them.
        When she reappeared she was sitting on the floor. Her
legs where folded under her and Tenchi was lying on
the hard cold metal floor. She held his upper half on
her lap. She caressed his right cheek gently. A tear
rolled down her face as she stared at him. It was hard
to tell if he was alive or dead.
        She then gently lied him on the floor. She stood up
and faced Kagato. She wasn’t going to lose Tenchi. She
loved him and she knew that his daughter needed a
father. “I will never let you get away with this.”
Ryoko said, her voice seemed to be breaking. The tears
began to rush down her face as she clenched her hands
into tight fists at her sides. Her gems began to glow
and a blue aura surrounded her.
        Kagato recognized this. He shook his head. “That’s
impossible!” he shouted as he backed away from Ryoko.
The blue light got brighter and then a white light
filled the part of the room where she was. Once the
light cleared Kagato looked at Ryoko in shock and in
fear. Right in front of her was the ten wings of the
light hawk. “How can this be?!” Kagato demanded.
        Everyone else was also in shock. They had no idea
that Ryoko could do that. The only people who knew
about it was Tokimi, Rinoa (Who is dead o.O) Tenchi,
Ryoko, and Washu. The others had no idea what so ever.

        Ryoko’s clothes then changed to her battle suit but
it was different than before. It was more like a
dress, a slit running up each leg to give her more
flexibility. She then created the Lightning Eagle
sword. (AKA The Light Hawk Sword, if you people forgot
or didn’t know...)
        Kagato was in major disbelief. “But your not even a
Juraian!” he shouted out as if trying to make it all
seem like it was his imagination. But no matter how
hard he tried to block it out she was still standing
there with the Lightning Eagle Sword.
        Ryoko then advanced with great speed and obvious
power. She brought her sword to her left side as she
flew right for him. “No! You cannot do this!” Kagato
shouted. Ryoko didn’t reply, she just sliced his
stomach wide open. Blood rushed out and ran down
everywhere. His organs where also seen as he fell to
his knees. He shook his head. “This can’t be...” he
then fell to his right side. He had finally perished.
Ryoko stood over him still in her Light Hawk attire.
She huffed loudly and made her way back to Tenchi.
        Once she reached him she knelt down to him. She
placed her left hand on his chest. She felt the steady
beat of his heart. She sighed with relief. He was
alive and would be alright. He groaned quietly and
began to come back to the waking world.
        The first thing Tenchi had noticed was the pain all
over his body. The next thing he felt was the gentle
hand on his chest. He slowly opened up his eyes and
noticed Ryoko. He saw that she was in her Light Hawk
transformation. He slowly got up and rubbed his head.
“Ouch.” he said with a grunt.
        A single tear ran down the cyan haired woman’s right
cheek. Tenchi didn’t notice this for he was looking
around the ship. He then converted his view to Ryoko.
She was smiling weakly at him. He smiled back at her.
“Is everyone ok?” he asked suddenly looking around for
everyone.
        Ryoko nodded “They all headed back for Yukanojo after
I created the light hawk wings. I guess they thought
that they would be in the way.” she said calmly yet
quietly. He placed his left hand on her right cheek.
She placed her hand over his and calmed down at his
touch. The Light Hawk Wings then disappeared and she
was back to her normal wear.
        She slowly began to stand. She took Tenchi’s left arm
and helped him to his feet.
He put his right arm around her shoulder. “Lets go
home.” he said with a smile. She nodded and put her
left arm around his back and they slowly made their
way to the Yukanojo, Tenchi walking with a noticeable
limp.
        Once they made it on everyone greeted them with all
the happiness that they could express. Kiyone helped
Ryoko get Tenchi to the infirmary where there was some
new invention made by Washu. It was an instant heal
machine of some sort and they placed Tenchi in it. The
machine automatically came to life and healed Tenchi
with in two minutes.
        Tenchi stepped out of the machine to see Ryoko
standing there waiting for him patiently. He smiled at
her and she smiled back. She walked up to him and put
her arms around his neck and looked him in the eyes.
“Thanks for coming to get me.” she said in his left
ear. He blushed a bit and nodded. “Well, I love you,
and no one will ever hurt you as long as I’m around.”
he told her. She knew by the sound of his voice that
he was being honest to her. She then kissed him fully
on the lips and he was busy returning the kiss.
        He placed his hands on her waist as he tried to
deepen their kiss. Then flashbacks of when he first
met Ryoko entered his mind. He couldn’t help but
seeing that as funny. She first tried to kill him and
then she had fallen in love with him and he had fallen
in love with her. Actually he couldn’t help but to
continue to fall in love  with the pirate. She was
beautiful, intelligent, elegant, wild, funny and
gentle. He had loved her and will always love her.




More Notes: Ok, I admit, not the best fan fic of mine
and it was short but there is more to come. oO I have
noticed that I can’t quite make a story without some
action. Well anyway I will make more stories soon.
Well c-ya people around! Watch for my next story
coming soon. For comments email me at
the_demon_sumoner_ryoko@yahoo.com and label the
subject The Return Home comments or I will discard
your comments cause I don’t like to open email from
complete strangers.
