Introduction:
	Hi.  This is my first fanfic, so please bear with me.  What I am 
trying to do is slowly merge the Tenchi TV series with the OAV series.
I may make a few errors here and there, but please don't go running 
out to MST my work immediately.  By the way send all comments and 
criticisms to aleen634@hotmail.com.  Now that I finally have my life 
organized I got my own e-mail account! No more sharing for me!  
It's about time.

Notes:
	This fan fiction takes place after the movie Tenchi Muyo! in Love,
so KAIN is mentioned.  You have been warned!
Some minor characters in this fic are from the OAV and TV series, but 
I've changed some of their histories a bit.  You have been warned!
Details are sparse to allow you to use your imagination.  You have 
been warned!

Legal Disclaimer:
	Tenchi Muyo OAV and TV belong to Pioneer and AIC, please don't 
sue me.  I'm very poor and can't afford any lawsuits.  Please do not 
post my work without my permission.  And finally, if Pioneer or AIC 
want to change my work into actual shows write me!! (I'll laugh if 
that ever happens!)  The songs also belong to Pioneer and AIC.  The 
characters Admiral Watara, Admiral Yasunori, Admiral Hitoshi, Cadet 
Naoko, Cadet Takeshi, Cadet Togawa, the Alderman, Councilman Konichi, 
General Hiroki, Admiral Atsushi, Lord Yomi, General Tanto, Admiral 
Miyamoto, Tsuki Oni, Kusari, Fundo, Doctor Seiku Oniro and the 
Hanbatsu Empire all belong to me.  If you plan to use any of 
these characters, ask me for permission first!  Special thanks to 
GenSao for the translation to "Yamerarenai Yamerarenai".  Also thanks 
to Literary Eagle for proofreading.

An original work by: AleeN, 1998. Really. 

The Characters: Slight notes before the story

Ayeka: She has become the Empress of Jurai after the Kagato incident.  
Sasami: She is second Princess after Ayeka.  
Ryoko: The space pirate is starting to have doubts about her stay on 
Earth.
Mihoshi and Kiyone: The Galaxy Police quickly promoted the officers 
after the disappearance of their headquarters.  These positions are 
temporary.
Washu: The scientist still does what she enjoys, science!  She tutors 
Tenchi so he can pass school.
Nobiyuki: Still Tenchi's lovable dad.
Katsuhito: Still Tenchi's trainer and grandfather.  
Tenchi: Hero of Jurai.  He is treated with respect on Jurai, and 
disrespect from his friends on Earth.
	The "new character" profiles are at the bottom of the fan fic!
I recommend reading the story first, though.

Fan Fiction starts here!

Katsuhito (voice over): A long time ago, in a galaxy near Jurai, 
there was said to be a massive battle.  There were many powers that 
fought for control of the galaxy.  The survivors decided to end the 
violence and bloodshed.  However, they all vowed to return and fight 
again.  In the meantime, they would rest and regain their powers.  
One of the powers at the battle was called Tsunami.  Tsunami landed on 
Jurai and turned into a giant tree to regain her power.  She used what 
was left of her power to create the Royal family.  The Jurians were a 
peaceful race.  They colonized large parts of the galaxy.  However, 
it is said that one day the evil shall return and could end with the 
destruction of everything Tsunami had worked for.  Perhaps even 
everything in the universe.....  

		Tenchi Muyo!: in Return to Jurai

Deep space near Jurai.  The Juraian fleet stands near the planet.  
Ryo-Oh-Ki launches from the Yagami near the combined Galaxy Police force.
  The ships are flying in no particular formation.

Ayeka(aboard Ryo-Oh-Ki):  Princess Ayeka asking for an open channel to 
the Holy council alderman.  
Controller: Granted, most honorable Empress.
Alderman: Empress Ayeka what a surprise.  I see you finally decided it
was time to run the Juraian Empire.
Ayeka: No.  I am strictly here to aid the Galaxy Police in the recovery
of their headquarters.  
Kiyone(aboard Yagami): As acting commander of all Sol system operations,
I must say that the recovery of our headquarters after the KAIN incident 
is our utmost priority.
Ayeka(aboard Ryo-Oh-Ki): I shall address the empire in a special speech,
then I shall need to borrow the main fleet to watch over the recovery 
operations.
Alderman: Princess... I mean, Empress Ayeka, we are still having a hard 
enough time trying to recover all the descendants to the throne.  
Dividing the fleet will hamper the progress even longer.
Ayeka (a tear running down her cheek): So no word on which world my 
parents were banished to?
Alderman: No. Kagato made sure to have traces of all members of the royal 
family destroyed, and he died knowing their locations.
Ayeka(regaining composure): Never mind we have more important matters 
to discuss.
Alderman: Yes. Permission granted to land.  Welcome home.
Ayeka: I'm glad to be back.  Well Sasami, I guess we're home for a while.
Sasami: I'm just glad Ryoko let me borrow Ryo-Oh-Ki like that.  
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myiaa.
Ayeka: Oh, that monster woman.  She must be glad that I'm away and 
that she can have Tenchi all to herself.
Sasami: C'mon sis, have a little faith in Ryoko.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia.

	Ryo-Oh-Ki nears the treetops of Jurai escorted by the standard 
wing of fighters etc.  and lands near the palace.  The Alderman and 
several officials are waiting on the platform.

	Deep cave on the planet Hiro.  Inside it appears that it has 
collapsed very recently.  

Goon1 (picking up rocks): How come we have to do all the work?
Goon2 (also picking up rocks): Yeah Amarubei, get here and help us!!
Amarubei (running towards the goons): Sorry! Don't blow a gasket; I 
didn't set off the trap. 
Goon3 (lifting boulder): Shhhh.  The boss will hear you.
	The four goons continue removing rocks, when a shadow appears 
behind them.
Goon1 (jumps): AHHH.  Who is it?
Nagi (from the shadows): Just your employer.  Now shut up and get back 
to work.  (Thinking to self)  I can't believe I went from chasing Ryoko
to this!!  Well, work is work.
Goon2 (sees light through cracks): Boss, I think we broke through.
Nagi: Good.  Out of my way.
	Nagi pushes the goons aside and walks into a larger cave. The 
cave has a large green crystal inside.
Nagi(walks up to crystal):  Not broken.  (she taps on the crystal) 
Well doctor, it looks like you're coming with me.

	Nighttime on the planet Jurai.  Ayeka is in the main 
communications room of the palace.  Several reporters and officials 
are standing around.  Admiral Watara of the Galaxy Police is sipping 
some tea.

Reporter: And so the A1 class criminal KAIN was recently captured.  In 
other news, an address to the empire is going to be given by Empress 
Ayeka.
Ayeka: Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen.  Tonight I come to you with a 
sad message: recent events have severely crippled our empire.  Let it be 
known that though the fake Emperor has been defeated and KAIN was 
captured and possibly destroyed, our empire is in a state of disarray.
The Galaxy Police have lost their headquarters. This single act 
destroyed the major force of law and order in the galaxy.  Even 
though the Juraian military has taken actions to fill the peacekeeping 
duties of the Galaxy police, criminal activities are slowly rising 
across the galaxy.  Therefore, with the help of our armed forces a 
combined effort to recover the Galaxy Police headquarters is underway.  
Never before has the need to assist our allies been so great.  The 
Juraian fleet will be under my command, the Galaxy Police force will 
be lead by Admiral Watara, and leading the recovery operations will 
be former honorary President of the Universal Science Academy, 
Professor Washu.  Never before is so much being used to try and 
return a symbol of peace to the galaxy.  Therefore I ask that all 
Juraians pray for success in our operation.  Admiral Watara please 
give us your opinion on the situation.
Admiral Watara (clears throat): Thank you, Empress Ayeka.  Recent 
events have severely curtailed the efforts of the Galaxy Police to 
protect the galaxy from organized crime.  Recent reports indicate that
crime is slowly on the rise.  In the Sol system alone criminal activity
has risen 75% and is still rising.  Therefore with the cooperation of 
the House of Jurai, we shall recover the Galaxy Police headquarters in 
an effort to reunite our operations in one command center.  Thank you.   
Ayeka: Next, I have given the Holy Council of Jurai the power to rule 
certain sections of the Empire as Sasami and myself have decided to 
take a prolonged vacation to rest from the current events.  I wish them
great luck in running the empire.  Thank you for your time.  May the 
spirit of Tsunami guide us to the right and honorable future.
Reporter: And so ends this broadcast of ....

	Ayeka left the communications room before she could hear him 
finish.  The Alderman follows. 

Alderman (trying to catch up with Ayeka): Empress Ayeka.  I am very 
impressed.  Never before have I seen you address the entire empire in 
such a frank and concise message. (pauses) I guess you will not 
reconsider staying here.
Ayeka: No, Supreme Alderman.  I have decided to leave the empire in the
capable hands of our planetary council.
Alderman: Very well.  If an unforeseen crisis arrives how shall we 
reach you?
Ayeka: That will be taken care of after we recover the Galaxy Police 
headquarters.
	With that, Ayeka boards her Juraian command ship.  Sasami is 
already waiting inside.  
Ayeka (placing crown on her head): Attention all hands!  We are 
preparing to leave.  For the glory of Tsunami!
Other crewmembers: For the glory of Tsunami! 

	Deep space several days later.  Numerous Juraian ships and 
Galaxy Police ships are orbiting.  A small space platform is in the center of the fleet.  Washu is standing on the platform, Admiral 
Watara is boarding his shuttle so he can board his command ship 
Liberty.

Washu (on platform): Well it took me 78 hours but I've done it!!  In 
5 minutes we shall begin the recovery process.
Ayeka(aboard command ship): Are you sure this is safe?
Washu: Of course.  The greatest scientific mind in the universe 
doesn't make mistakes.  KAIN may be a master criminal, however I am 
sure these ships can handle any traps he may have laid.
Sasami(aboard a different command ship): KAIN gives me the creeps.
Ayeka: Don't worry, KAIN's not here to hurt you now.
Kiyone(aboard Yagami): Ayeka, we blasted KAIN with the dimensional 
cannon and we still can't confirm his/her death.  
Mihoshi(also aboard Yagami): Kiyone, don't you ever think positively?
Kiyone: Don't you ever think negatively?  
Washu: All right, countdown beginning now.  Move your fleets into 
defensive positions.
Mihoshi: Ok.  Admiral, the three blind mice are running into the 
kitchen. Repeat, the three blind mice are running into the kitchen. 
Admiral Watara(on platform): Message confirmed.  All ships prepare for
anything.
Ayeka: All ships open the Light Hawk Wings.  (Ayeka concentrates for a 
few moments we notice that her crown is glowing)

	One after the other the ships began to move into new positions.  
Then the Juraian ships circling the platform began something rarely 
seen.  They all emitted three beams of light from their hulls.

Washu (thinking to self): Fantastic!  The Light Hawk Wings! The perfect
balance of energy for maximum ship defense.  Anyway, back to work.
	
	A portable laptop appears before Washu.  She begins to type 
wildly.  A ripple begins to open near the platform.  The ripple begins 
to grow larger until the faint outline of a battered Galaxy Police 
headquarters begins to appear.

	Meanwhile, another battle somewhere else was not going as well.
The tattered remains of the Juraian 179th fleet are escaping from the 
planet Funaho.  The mysterious fleet takes high orbit over the central 
collection of trees near the planetary central city.  Inside one of the
ships...

Captain (inside ship): General Tanto, we have destroyed the Juraian 
fleet, shall we pursue the remnants?
General Tanto (also inside ship): Negative.  Sooner or later we shall 
destroy the Juraian fleet in battle.  We must complete our objective 
now.
Captain: Shall I send a message to Lord Yomi now?
General Tanto: Yes.  And add, The first strike at Tsunami lies here.
Captain: Yes sir. (looking at a screen) Incoming message from Nagi.  
She has found the doctor.
General Tanto (tapping fingers together): Excellent add 10,000,000,000 
extra credits for getting the job done so quickly.
Captain: Already done sir.
General Tanto(thinking): And so the puzzle is coming together.

	Former site of Galaxy Police headquarters.  3/4 of the 
headquarters has already reappeared.

Washu (on platform, she is still typing): 3...2...1...0.  I've done it!  
	In front of Washu stood the remains of the Galaxy Police 
Headquarters.
Washu: Nobody can stop the most intelligent scientist in the universe.
Puppet A (appears from behind Washu): Yes, Washu you are a miracle 
worker!
Puppet B (also appears from behind Washu): Washu is number 1!
Puppets: Washu rocks! Washu is number 1!
	Aboard the Yagami
Kiyone (happy): There it is Mihoshi!  Headquarters back in all its 
glory.
Mihoshi (stretching): I wonder if they still make that excellent 
ramen.
Kiyone (facefaults): I'm sure that's our first priority.
Ayeka (aboard command ship): Mission accomplished, close the wings.  
(she stops concentrating)
	With that the energy from the Juraian ships disappeared from 
whence they came.
Admiral Watara (aboard his command ship Liberty): We may have recovered
the headquarters, yet most of the home fleet is missing.
Washu  (still celebrating): Well Admiral, KAIN is a master criminal.  
Just be happy that I got anything back.
Admiral Watara: I guess you're right.  

	Low Orbit over planet Funaho.

General Tanto: Open communications.  Fire all guns!!!
	The energy from the fleet guns completely destroyed the 
collection of trees in the center of the city.

	Sasami's command ship

Sasami (grabbing forehead, marks glowing): Ohhhh. My head.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia?
	With that she collapses.  A sudden flurry of activity overtakes 
the bridge of the ship as people start calling for medics and others 
rush to look at Sasami.
Deck officer (yelling): Call Empress Ayeka!  We have a situation here!
Communications officer (worried): Empress Ayeka, Sasami has collapsed!
Ayeka (shocked): What? Is Sasami ok?
Deck officer (yelling in background): We just placed her to bed.  She 
seems fine now.
Ayeka: Miss Washu, could this be a trap from KAIN.
Washu: No, KAIN would never target one specific Juraian like this.  Not
even he had the time to plan something like this in advance,if he 
did...  Sasami would have died by now.
Ayeka (thinking): Ok.  I want an all day watch placed on Sasami.  If 
anything happens, tell me.
Communications man (still worried): The ship medic has arrived.  If 
anything else happens we'll contact you.
Commander (onboard Ayeka's ship): Empress Ayeka, what are your orders?
Ayeka (long pause): I shall return to Earth with Sasami.  There I shall
watch her until she is better.  The rest of the fleet will return to 
Jurai and await orders from the Council.

Kiyone (onboard Yagami): Admiral it looks like our job is done.  I 
request to return to regular patrol duty in the Sol system.
Admiral Watara (onboard Liberty): Granted.  Thanks for the help.
Mihoshi (onboard Yagami, she looks at her with big eyes): Kiyone, can't 
we stay a little longer?
Kiyone (pauses): Ok.  Don't forget to give this to acting 937th 
commander Mitsuki (handing Mihoshi a piece of paper with a red X 
over the third planet from the star) so she can find us if she ever 
needs us. (Thinking to self) I hope she never does, that little suck-up.
	With that the fleet of ships begin to break up while numerous 
repair ships began to circle the Galaxy Police headquarters.
  
Tenchi (voice over): Little did we know that Sasami's problem would 
become ours as well...

	The season is late summer near the Masaki household.  Inside, 
the home is empty, probably because everyone is outside.  Mihoshi, 
Ayeka, Washu and Tenchi are searching for something in the forest.  
Nobiyuki is standing next to the family van.  

Mihoshi (picking up rock): Do you see it, Tenchi?
Tenchi: No. Are you sure you crashed near here?
Mihoshi: Not really.  But headquarters told me to reprogram Yukinojo's 
old memory banks into the AI of my new ship.
Washu (typing on her laptop): This is turning up to be hopeless.  My 
computer can't find anything because of all the ship wreckage around 
here.
Tenchi: Well, let's keep looking, it has to be somewhere.
Mihoshi: Kiyone are you having any luck?  Kiyone? Kiyone? (tears 
welling up in her eyes) Kiyone? Where are you? Ouch!  Hey, guys I 
found where I crashed!!!
Washu (sweatdrop): How does she do that?
Tenchi (sweatdrop): Don't ask me.

	Out on the lake.  A small boat with 2 fishing poles dangling from
the side.

Ryoko (packing away her 7th sake): And that's when I decided to return 
to Earth with Ryo-Oh-Ki.
Kiyone (very drunk): Well you thought you had problems.  Try staying 
with Mihoshi as your partner.  It's no picnic.  
Ryoko: Well I bet you I'll catch a fish before you do.
Kiyone: Well, I'll see about that.  (Hic)  If the pole will just stand
still enough for me to check.  
Ryoko (drinking 8th sake): Only 2 sakes left.  You want one?
Kiyone (already drinking): Make that one.  I don't care if I don't 
catch any fish.  This was fun.  Let's do this again later ok?
Ryoko: Alright next time I'll buy the sake. HAHAHAHa.
Kiyone: HAHAHAHAHa.
Both: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa.
Nobiyuki (on shore yelling): Hey Kiyone, Ryoko, we found whatever 
Mihoshi was looking for, bring the boat back!
Kiyone: (Hic) Ok. Ryoko could you grab the paddle on the right.
Ryoko: Which (hic) side is (hic) right??
Kiyone: Just (hic) grab (hic) a (hic) paddle (hic) and (hic) row (hic) 
to (hic) shore (hic).
Nobiyuki (sweatdrop): Think I should go out and help them?
Ayeka: No.  I'm sure they'll figure out where the shore is eventually.

	Half an hour later, everyone is inside the Masaki family van.  
Nobiyuki is driving with Tenchi in the other seat.  Kiyone and Ryoko 
are sleeping on each other's shoulders in the middle seats.  Ayeka, 
Mihoshi and Washu are in the back.  Mihoshi is holding what appears to 
be the battered head of Yukinojo.

Mihoshi (looking at the damage): Do you think you can fix him, Little
Washu?
Washu (thinks a moment): Well, he took a beating in the crash but I 
might be able to save him.
Ayeka: Why did the Galaxy Police issue you a new ship anyway, Mihoshi?
Mihoshi: It's not a new ship, just the shuttle/fighter component.  Just
 like Yagami is Kiyone's ship, Yukinojo is my ship.
Washu: Soooo, Yagami and Yukinojo are related?
Mihoshi: Yup. Yagami is like the mother and Yukinojo is the child.
Washu: Man, you set yourself up for a bad joke right there.
Tenchi(looking at the back): How much do you think they drank (pointing
at Kiyone and Ryoko), Li'l Washu?
Washu: Enough to kill a horse, I think.  You can smell the sake coming 
off their clothes.
Nobiyuki: At least they found the shore 29 minutes ago. 
Tenchi: I guess you're right, dad.  (Turning around to the back again) 
Hey, Mihoshi you are coming with Kiyone to the party aren't you?
Mihoshi: Oh course! I'll never miss anything that important.  
Ayeka: I don't see why you have to throw a party for that, that monster 
woman.
Tenchi: Be quiet.  If I never found Ryoko in the woods like that, then 
you may have never landed on Earth the way you did.  
Mihoshi (changing subject): Tenchi, did you ever see someone sleep that 
much? (pointing to Kiyone)  
Tenchi: I couldn't say that I did. (quietly) Well maybe I could.
Nobiyuki (something dawning on him): Oh my gosh, I'll miss the turn!!!
	The van suddenly veers across three lanes on 2 wheels to the 
interchange.
Ryoko(jarred awake): Huh? What's going on?
Tenchi (shaken): Dad almost missed a turn.
Ryoko: Well.... That's very nice. Zzzzzzzzzzzz
Washu: How much coffee should we give her this time?
Tenchi: Maybe the whole can?

	Later that evening, the van is parked outside of the Masaki home.  
Everyone is inside.  Mihoshi is reading a manga. Kiyone is lying on the
 couch with an ice pack on her head.  Ayeka is in the kitchen with 
Sasami.  Nobiyuki and Katsuhito are reading the paper.  Washu is in her
lab and Tenchi is feeding Ryo-Oh-Ki.
Ayeka (cutting vegetable): Are you sure you don't want me to help, 
Sasami?
Sasami: No sis, I'm fine.  (pauses) Whatever happened in space doesn't 
seem to bother me anymore.  
Ayeka: If you're sure. 
Kiyone (speaking slowly): Ohhhh.  Why did I drink so much?
Mihoshi(looks up): Uh. You were bored?
Kiyone: You're not helping, Mihoshi. 
	Sasami enters.  She is wearing her carrot apron.
Sasami: Supper, everyone!
Kiyone (getting up): Just give me a minute.  Where's the bathroom?
	Katsuhito points. 
Kiyone: Thanks. (hold hands over mouth) MMMPHHHH!!
Tenchi (entering room): Yum, supper.  Hey, where's Ryoko?
Washu (exiting lab): Outside, I think.
Tenchi: I'll go get her.

	Ryoko is standing near the lake looking at the sky.
Tenchi: Ryoko, supper is ready.
Ryoko (appears distracted): Hunh. Oh, supper.
Tenchi: What's wrong?
Ryoko: Do you ever look at the stars and wonder how many civilizations 
are out there?
Tenchi: What are you talking about?
Ryoko: Just, do you ever think that maybe it was my destiny to land here
on Earth?
Tenchi: Well, maybe once or twice.  
Ryoko: I never thought of the civilizations I've robbed as people with 
feelings.  Just another opportunity to make a quick buck.
Tenchi: Well, Ryoko...  I can't tell you everything.  But here's one 
thing my dad once told me.   Sometimes the greatest gift one can give,
is the gift of self.
Ryoko: Such moving words.  Are you sure your dad said that?  
Tenchi: He ....... could have meant something else.  Hey, look. 
(points to shooting star) Beautiful, isn't it?
Ryoko: Sometimes, it takes one thing to bring out the best changes in 
people.
Tenchi: I think supper is getting cold. Let's go.
Ryoko: Ok Tenchi.

	Inside, everyone is getting ready to eat, Tenchi and Ryoko join 
them.  Kiyone is still missing.  

Everyone: Bon appetit! (they start to eat)
Nobiyuki (chewing on some rice): Soooo, Tenchi, Ayeka was just saying 
how she and Sasami will go into town with you to buy some groceries.  
Sasami (nodding): Un-hunh. We are running low on everything.
Nobiyuki: Oh, I thought you were going on a date with Tenchi.
Ayeka: Oh, Mr. Masaki!
Nobiyuki: Just kidding. (picks up some vegetables)
Tenchi: Hey dad, how is Kamidake working out at the office?
Nobiyuki (picking up some beef): Well, he is very efficient at the 
office.  I could swear he was trying to take my job.
Tenchi: Dad...
	Kiyone enters.  She is about to sit down, she suddenly clasps her
hands against her mouth and runs out of the room.
Ryoko (eating fish): I told her not to drink so much.
Ayeka: Like you didn't.
Washu (looks up): Ryoko, if you're not doing anything tomorrow maybe you
could help me with something. 
Ryoko: I'm kind of busy Washu.
Washu (disappointed): Ok. 
Mihoshi (helping herself to more rice): I could help, Kiyone is working
all day tomorrow anyway.
Washu (worried): I don't think so.
Mihoshi: Please?
Washu: I'll see.
Katsuhito (looking at Tenchi): How's school going, Tenchi?
Tenchi: Nothing major. Homework's getting a bit heavier though.
Katsuhito: As long as you have enough time to train.
Tenchi: Grandpa!
Katsuhito: Your studies and training should go hand and hand Tenchi.  
Remember, by keeping the perfect balance nothing can stop you.
Tenchi (picking up some vegetables): Well, I could train after supper...
Sasami: Ayeka, how is Azaka doing?
Ayeka: I heard he got a job as a cook.
Sasami: Really?  WOW! Maybe he could teach me something.
Ayeka: I don't think so. He works at McDouglas & Friends.
Sasami: Oh.  We should visit him sometime though.

	A bright and sunny day greets the Masaki household.  Tenchi, 
Ayeka and Sasami are all waiting at the bus stop.

Man: Did you here about the shooting star last night?
Man2: Yup, I heard a piece fell off it.
Man: Nah. That would have of made a large noise.
Man2: So what.  You afraid that space men came from the rock?  Don't 
worry, it's not like they look exactly like humans or anything.  They 
probably have 3 eyes or green skin.
Tenchi(to Ayeka & Sasami): If they only knew.
	All three start laughing.
	
	The three go their separate ways.  Ayeka and Sasami head downtown
while Tenchi goes to school.  

Teacher: So, the answer is 25 pies squared.  Yes Tenchi?
Tenchi(stands up): I got 27 pies squared.
Teacher: Let me check.  Sorry looks like you were right.  You may sit down Tenchi.
Teacher: Ok. Students, we have a new student here today her name is Oni,
Tsuki.  Please make her feel welcome.  Tenchi I want you to help her 
learn the local area. 
Tenchi: Why me? 
Teacher: You are one of my brightest students I want you to take care 
of this matter personally.
	Students mumble "teacher's pet" as Tsuki opens the door.  
Tsuki: Hello, my name is Tsuki.  I'm sorry to interrupt, but... is this
room 104?
Teacher: Why yes, it is.  Welcome to my class.  Let me explain a few 
rules.  The first rule in my class... (continues talking)
	As the teacher starts to talk, one of Tenchi's friends leans over.
Friend (whispering): Hey Tenchi, what's your secret?
Tenchi (also whispering): What?
Friend: You know, with math?
Tenchi: Let's just say I know someone.
Friend: Maybe I should visit the shrine sometime...
Tenchi: Uhhh. Not a good idea.
Friend: Huh? Why?
Tenchi: Well you see..
Teacher: AND FINALLY NO TALKING OUT OF TURN!!! THIS MEANS YOU, TENCHI!!!
Tenchi (stands up, normal voice): Sorry sir.
Teacher: Very well.  Tenchi, don't forget what I told you.  
Tenchi (sits down): I won't.

Lunchtime at school.  Tenchi sits with his friends and they are talking 
when Tsuki shows up.  

Tsuki (addressing Amagasaki): Hello.  Are you Tenchi?
Tenchi(waving): Uhh. Over here.
Tsuki: Nice to meet you.  Sorry about taking up your time.  
Tenchi: That's alright.  Where do you live?
Tsuki: Nearby the school.  My parents are in Tokyo so I guess I'm by 
myself.
Tenchi: That's very sad.  I live with my dad and grandpa.
Friend: Hey Tenchi, you think she is interested in you?
Tenchi: Naw.  She looks too innocent and sweet to be interested in me. 
(In Tenchi's mind he sees Ayeka and Ryoko pummeling him)
Tsuki: Well, I'm kind of busy I'll see you after school.
Tenchi: Alright.

	Meanwhile at a McDouglas.
Azaka: Thank you for ordering at McDouglas next please.
Ayeka (snickering): Yes I'd like 2 teriyaki burgers and 2 diet sodas 
please.
Azaka: You want fries with that?  Hey, wait a minute! (huge sweatdrop) 
Empress Ayeka, its you!!
Ayeka: Please just call me Ayeka.
Azaka: Whatever you want, Ayeka.
Manager (yelling): Hey, AZAKA ARE YOU SLACKING ON THE JOB!?
Azaka: NO, sir! (to Ayeka) Would you like fries with your order?
Ayeka: Sure.
Azaka: Thank you for shopping at McDouglas.  Next, please.

	Washu's Lab
	Washu is running a self-test on Yukinojo's memory.
Washu (looking at Yukinojo's eyes): Hello, can you hear me?
Yukinojo (trying to talk): K045JNF98F7T344UV? 4275125VNXKRU125!
Washu (typing): Voice chip, reactivated.
Yukinojo: Hello, how may I help you?  What, you're not Mihoshi!
Washu: That's right.  Mihoshi wanted me to transfer your memory banks 
into the newer unit.
Yukinojo: Wait.  Scanning memory banks.  OH the crash!  Now I 
understand.
Washu (typing): Good, just a few more things to fix....
Mihoshi (entering lab, she is carrying a tray with a sandwich and a 
soda): Washu! Washu! I brought you some lunch.
Washu (notices Mihoshi): Stop Mihoshi!  Don't move!  Slowly place the 
tray on the floor and take 2 steps back.
	Mihoshi follows Washu's orders then notices that Yukinojo is 
functioning again.
Mihoshi (straining to see): Yukinojo?
Washu (afraid something bad is going to happen): No!
Mihoshi (jumps over tray and runs up to Yukinojo): Yukinojo! How are 
you? I'm so glad you're finally back.
Yukinojo (tries to look at Mihoshi): Hello Mihoshi.  How may I help 
you today?
Mihoshi: Don't worry soon everything will be like old times.
Puppet A: Isn't that sweet?
Puppet B: Just like Washu to treat machines like us with respect.
Washu: Well I try.  Mihoshi, I really need to finish so can you please
leave?
Mihoshi: Ok.
	Mihoshi walks out, carefully walking around the tray.  After she 
closes the door, a little drop from the cup of soda spills over.  The 
drop heads to a complex mess of wires.
Washu: NOOOOOOO!!!!!
	BOOOOMMM!!!!!

	Afternoon after classes just finished.  Ayeka and Sasami are 
waiting by the gates of the school.  Tenchi walks out of the door.

Tenchi (walking over to them): Ayeka! Sasami! There you are!
Ayeka (holding bag): Ah. Lord Tenchi, we are ready to go home.  Are you 
ready?
Tenchi: Sure thing.  Oh wait, I have to see if Tsuki is doing all right.
Ayeka: Tsuki? 
Tenchi: New student.  She is not used to the area, the teacher told me 
to help her.
	Tsuki exits building.
Tsuki (walking up to Tenchi, notices Ayeka and Sasami): Hi Tenchi!  Oh, 
you have friends. 
Tenchi (points in general direction): Yes these are Ayeka and Sasami 
uh...
Ayeka: Kawai.
Tsuki (shakes hands): Pleased to meet you.
Sasami: You too.
Tsuki (rather quickly): My, my.  (to Sasami) What a good little girl 
you are.  Maybe we should become friends some day.
Sasami (blushing): Maybe.
Tenchi (to Tsuki): Are you going to be alright?
Tsuki: Sure.  I can handle myself.
Tenchi: Alright, take care of yourself.

	Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami are getting off the bus.  Mihoshi and Kiyone
are getting on.  Mihoshi is carrying Yukinojo.

Kiyone (getting on bus): Oh, hi Tenchi. 
Tenchi (getting off bus): Hello.  Taking Yukinojo home, are we?
Mihoshi (getting on bus): Yup. We need to install him properly.
Ayeka: Good luck.
Sasami: Have fun, Mihoshi.
Mihoshi: Oh, I will.  (To Yukinojo) Isn't that right Yukinojo?
Yukinojo: Yes Mihoshi.  

	Ayeka, Tenchi and Sasami are walking up the stairs to the shrine.
Ryo-Oh-Ki is waiting near the top and jumps on Sasami's head.

Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia! Myia! Myia!
Sasami: Did you miss me?
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myiaaa!
Sasami: Alright, I'm here now.  Let's go so I can cook you some dinner.
Ayeka (turns head to look at Tenchi): It's good that Sasami has some 
friends.
Tenchi (to Ayeka): Maybe I should invite Tsuki to be friends with her 
some time.
Ayeka: Maybe.  She seems a little too nice, don't you think?
Tenchi: Well, she is a little strange.  Perhaps once she gets settled.
Ayeka: Once she's settled.

	Later that night.  Tenchi is in the den with Nobiyuki.  They are 
reading the paper.
Nobiyuki (shuffling through the sections): Tenchi, do you have the 
business section?
Tenchi (hands him the section): Right here.
Nobiyuki (picks it up): Thanks.
	DING-DONG Ding-Dong
Tenchi (gets up): Who could that be?
Mitsuki: Oh Hi.  (Holds up picture of Mihoshi and Kiyone)  Have you 
seen these two around?
Tenchi: They left a few hours ago.
Mitsuki: That's alright.  When you see them, hand this to them.  (Hands 
him a piece of paper)
Tenchi: Is that all?
Mitsuki: Well one more thing, tell them Mitsuki said hi.
Tenchi (still wondering what's going on): Alright.  
	Mitsuki disappears into the darkness.  Leaving Tenchi with the 
piece of paper. 
Nobiyuki (looking up): Is everything alright?
Tenchi (looks at piece of paper): I think so.

	Deep space.  We see the mysterious fleet orbiting a planet.  On 
the planet we see several generals and admirals all in one room.  
General Tanto is present along with 2 mysterious men.  

General Tanto: Our operation on the planet Funaho was a success.  We 
eliminated the enemy force and destroyed the head offices of senior 
officials.  We also occupied the planet 5 hours later.
Lord Yomi: Excellent.  Soon the greatest power in the galaxy shall be 
destroyed.  General, you shall be well rewarded.  
Admiral: My operation in sector 863 was also a success.  I inserted the 
spy just as directed.
Lord Yomi: This is very good news.  What about our allies?  
Admiral 2: They have pledged their support in the upcoming operations.
Lord Yomi: Well Doctor, I guess it's time I talked to you.
Man: Well, you know who I am.  Do you know my power?
Lord Yomi: Of course! The power you gave to your students.  Shame you 
don't possess it anymore.
Man: You know too much.
Lord Yomi: I make sure I do.  Admirals, Generals please leave.  I have 
a matter to discuss with our friend.
	The other people left the room, leaving Lord Yomi and the man 
alone.
Man: So what do you want?
Lord Yomi: I freed you from your prison.  All I ask is 3 things.
Man: I guess I should be grateful.  My name is Doctor Oniro, Seiku.
Lord Yomi: Not one of my requests, but anyway.
Doctor Seiku: What was?
Lord Yomi: Tell me of one of your students, Hakubi, Washu.

	It was a sunny weekend in front of the Masaki household.  Tenchi 
is outside with Ryoko doing the laundry.

Ryoko: You know Tenchi.  I love how you always help me with the chores.
Tenchi: Isn't it the other way around?
Ryoko: It could be....
	Kiyone and Mihoshi appear.
Tenchi: Hi!  Oh.  I have a message for you. (runs inside the house)
Kiyone: Doing the laundry Ryoko?
Ryoko: Well it was such a nice day...
Mihoshi: Don't tell me you spilt something on his clothes.
Ryoko: Well.... Uhhhh..... Yes.
Tenchi (comes running back): Here.  By the way Mitsuki says hi.
Kiyone: Mitsuki gave this to you?
Mihoshi (excited): Read it! Read it!
	Kiyone opens the letter and reads out loud
Kiyone: Due to the recent events in the galaxy, the Galaxy Police are 
under tremendous pressure to return to normal operations.  All officers 
are advised that trainees are arriving to learn the basics in tactical 
starfighter combat.  Officers Makibi, Kiyone and Kuramitsu, Mihoshi are 
to teach the incoming officers how to live in the local planet.  Earn 
money and continue with patrolling the system.  Please teach the 
officers the necessary skills for ship to ship combat.  Acting Director
of starship operations Admiral Watara.  Additional: The Sol system is
considered non-interference territory.  Do not raise the suspicions of 
the local populace.
Mihoshi: Does it say when they are coming?
Kiyone (rereading the paper): No.
Tenchi: More resident officers?
Kiyone: No, worse: trainees.  I heard of this in the academy.  In a 
crisis situation, officers are to train each other in certain fields 
of expertise.  
Tenchi: This is bad?
Kiyone: Normally, training is a breeze.  However, since the Sol system 
is a non-interference sector, we have to keep the training as low key 
as possible, while achieving maximum results.  
Mihoshi: Well it couldn't be that hard.  Look at us.  
Kiyone: Mihoshi, if you weren't paying attention our computers aren't 
exactly getting along.
Mihoshi: So?
Kiyone: Would you imagine what pranks they could pull during training 
exercises.

	Cut to the Yagami's hangar bay. The AI units Yagami and Yukinojo 
are looking at each other.

Yagami: And another thing, what makes you the head starship?  You fit 
inside of me, so I'm the mother ship.  Baby out of the mother. Remember?
Yukinojo: I don't need you to mother me.  I am the latest Galaxy Police 
fighter, the latest in care and precision.  I am graceful like a dancer,
yet as powerful as a bear.  
Yagami: Too bad I couldn't say the same about your pilot.
Yukinojo: You want a piece of me?
Yagami: Right here!

Return to the Masaki home.  Ayeka, Ryoko, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, 
Sasami and Ryo-Oh-Ki are watching a soap opera.  Katsuhito is outside 
sweeping.  Three mysterious people are walking towards the household.  
The woman looks like an older version of Kiyone with blue hair, the 2 
men look similar, but one of them has brown hair while the other one 
has black hair.  They are all dressed in Galaxy Police uniforms.

Katsuhito (noticing the 3 mysterious new faces): Hello! Who are you 
looking for?
Man: Uhh.  Do you know where to find this lady.  (holds picture of 
Kiyone)
Katsuhito: In there. (points to household)  Don't forget to ring the 
doorbell.
Man: I won't.
	The three mysterious people walk to the house.
	DING-DONG Ding-Dong
Ayeka (captivated): Somebody get that?
Ryoko (interested with the TV): Shhhh. It's getting good. 
Mihoshi (chewing a cookie): Kiyone would you get the door.
Kiyone(watching screen): Oh my! 
Washu (getting up): I'll get it.
	Washu gets up and answers the door.
Washu (opening door): Hello, who might you be?
Man (taken away at the site of Washu): Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh.
Man2: My dumb founded friend here is a GP cadet along with the rest of 
us.
Washu: I see. Hello.  (waves arm in front of the dumbfounded officer)  
Anyway I'll go get who you want.
	Kiyone appears at the front door.  All three salute.
Kiyone (surprised): Oh! You're the GP cadets.  
Woman (points to herself): My name is Naoko.  Cadet 3rd class.
Man2: Hi.  I'm Takeshi.  And my non-moving friend is Togawa.  Both 
cadets 3rd class.
Kiyone: You chose a bad time to come, but since you're here you should 
come in.
Naoko: Thank you.
	Kiyone, Naoko and Takeshi enter the house.  Togawa is still 
standing at the door.

	Tenchi and his father are at the local supermarket buying some 
fish.
Merchant: I can sell you a love potion. 
Tenchi (Worried): It's ok.  
Nobiyuki: Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi, you should never refuse anything that 
could help you move on in life.
Tenchi: Dad!
Nobiyuki: Oh well, your choice.  Let's get some fish.
	Tenchi rounds the corner and sees Tsuki.
Tsuki (just notices Tenchi): Hi, Tenchi.
Tenchi: How are you, Tsuki? 
Tsuki (pauses a moment): I'm doing fine.  I'm all settled and I'm 
getting used to the local area.
Tenchi: That's good.  There is my dad. (pointing to Nobiyuki)
Nobiyuki (to clerk): How much??  That's really expensive.
Tsuki: Is he always that cheap?
Tenchi (sweatdrop): No, just when buying fish.
Tsuki (looking around): Sasami isn't here.
Tenchi: No, she's at the shrine.  
Tsuki: What a shame.  Maybe I should visit some day.
Tenchi: Yeah, by the way, where do you live?
Tsuki (looks at watch): Oh my!  Look at the time, gotta go!  (runs off) 
Bye, Tenchi.
Nobiyuki: Tenchi, do you have change for the fish?

Mysterious fleet.  High orbit over unidentified planet. War room inside,
 General Tanto's ship.

Reporter (on the holo vision): In other news, the Juraian consulate has 
issued a message stating that Empress Ayeka of the Juraian Empire has 
begun to get settled in her new position.  The Holy Council is still 
trying to deal with the new powers granted in this current state of 
galactic disarray...
Lord Yomi (pushes button to turn off the holo vision): Soon war shall 
be upon us again.  General what are the enemy's status?
General Tanto (checking papers): The Galaxy Police have recovered 75% 
of their strength after the KAIN incident.  The Juraian Empire is 
currently in a state of disarray after the transfer of power from the 
Empress to the Holy Council.  The ...
Lord Yomi: That's enough.  Jurai is not prepared.  Cadet Yura, 
prepare the following message.
Yura (appearing): Yes sir.
Lord Yomi: As of today, a state of war exists between the Hanbatsu 
Empire and the Juraian Empire.  The Juraians have unlawfully tried to 
force the galaxy to submit to their will.  The Hanbatsu Empire will 
combat this expansionism to the furthest reaches in space.  The end 
of Tsunami starts now.
Yura (stops scribbling the message): That's all?
Lord Yomi: Yes.  General Tanto, Admiral Miyamoto, I want you to launch 
operation loose rings immediately.  I shall prepare my fleet for the 
attack.
Admiral Miyamoto (bows): Yes sir.
General Tanto: Same objectives?
Lord Yomi: Yes.  By the way, don't forget to return the Doctor to the 
Academy.
General Tanto: That's not until second phase operations.
Lord Yomi: Don't worry.  First phase operations will be completed in no
time.
General Tanto: Yes sir.
	General Tanto and Admiral Miyamoto leave.
Lord Yomi: Cadet Yura, prepare for my speech to our Empire.
Yura: I'll send this message to dispatch right away.
	Yura leaves.
Lord Yomi: Well Doctor, finished already?
Doctor Seiku (appears from darkness): Easy stuff.
Lord Yomi: Impatient are we?  Well Doctor you can leave.  Is the Kodo-ha
fully operational?
Doctor Seiku: Yes. Just one question.... 
Lord Yomi: My plans are none of your concern, Doctor.  Remember 
galactic peace is within our reach.  Soon this galaxy shall be under 
Hanbatsuian control.  
Doctor Seiku: ......

	It is a late sunny afternoon at the Masaki household.  Kiyone is 
with Mihoshi and the cadets.  They are all in front of the stairs and 
are dressed in civilian clothes.  Togawa is looking at Washu.  Takeshi 
and Naoko are watching Kiyone give an explanation about the cube key.  
Washu and Ryo-Oh-Ki are watching them.  You can see Ryoko and Ayeka 
taking down the laundry.

Kiyone: As Galaxy Police cadets, you must learn the exact uses of the 
Cube Key.
Mihoshi (holds up her cube key): This is the Galaxy Police standard 
issue cube key.  
Kiyone: The cube key is the only link between you and your ship.
Mihoshi: You can change clothes with the cube key.  (turns the cube 
key one way and her clothes change from civilian to her GP uniform)
Kiyone: Remember, just turn it once.
Mihoshi: You try.
	The three cadets try to operate the cube key.  Naoko gets it on 
her first try.  Togawa disappears and reappears in place, unfortunately 
his uniform is on backwards.  Takeshi turns the key several times, 
appears in the basket of laundry outside, and then reappears indoors 
with his uniform on correctly.
Kiyone: Togawa, please try to get is right.
Togawa: Sorry.  I was distracted. (looks in direction of Washu)  It 
won't happen again.  (turns cube key his uniform appears properly) 
See, I got it now.
Mihoshi: Great!  Whoops. (her cube key falls to the ground, Mihoshi 
disappears)
Kiyone: What Mihoshi has just shown you is very important.  Never drop
your cube key.
Takeshi: What happens if you do?
Kiyone: The key could malfunction and you would be in very big trouble 
in a crisis situation.  The cube key is a valuable piece of equipment.  
Besides your partner, it is your best friend.
	Mihoshi reappears, she is soaked from head to toe.
Mihoshi: Ewww.  My uniform is soaked. (turns the cube key and her dry 
civilian clothes reappear) That's better.
Kiyone: Maybe I should show them the next part. 
Mihoshi(shaking head to get the water out of her hair): Ok.
Kiyone: Next is to get to your ship.  You turn your cube key like this 
and this.   
	Kiyone disappears.
Mihoshi: Now you try.
	Mihoshi is the first to disappear.  Second is Naoko and then 
Takeshi and Togawa.
Washu: Interesting.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
	Takeshi comes running down the stairs.
Takeshi: Whoops.
Washu(sweatdrop): I think they left already.
Ryo-Oh-Ki (laughing): Myia myia myia! 
Takeshi (stuttering): Th-th-thanks.  (he turns his cube key and 
disappears)

	Nighttime on Jurai, late night meeting of the war council
Alderman (worried): Dear Lord, this is terrible news.
General Hiroki: Captain Sagami, please tell us of the fate of the 179th
fleet. 
Sagami (his arm is bandaged): The fleet was totally destroyed by the 
Hanbatsuian force.  The remains have merged with the home fleet.
Alderman: This and the declaration of war.  
Councilman: Surely Lord Yomi has gone mad.  He was defeated in the 
previous war with Jurai.
Alderman: Yes, but this time things are different.
Councilman2: What? How? 
Alderman: If the legend is true.  The power Lord Yomi possesses is said
to outrank that of Tsunami.
Councilman: Surely the legend can't be true.
Alderman: Don't count on it. Here's what we are going to do.  The entire 
Empire is at war, all reserves are to be called into active service.  
Send a message to the Galaxy Police, we must know the location of 
Empress Ayeka.  If she were to die, the whole government would collapse.
Sagami: What do we do until then?
Councilman (pauses): We fight.
Messenger (running into room): Sir, the Universal Science Academy has 
fallen into enemy hands.  
Alderman (stands up): What?

	It is late evening at the Masaki household.  Sasami is cooking 
the fish Nobiyuki bought.  Everyone is at the table talking.

Ryoko: So are you sure what you are saying is true?
Naoko: Yes.  After your apparent death Jurai imposed the Statute of 
Limitations upon your Juraian most wanted file.  Since a little under 
a week ago, the Statute has taken effect.  Jurai is no longer trying 
to arrest you.
Ryoko (overjoyed): Hear that Tenchi, I'm no longer wanted on Jurai!
Tenchi: Don't thank me, thank Ayeka.
Ryoko: What?
Ayeka: It's true.  We all thought you were dead.  You did help Lord 
Tenchi reach the palace, so we found it only fitting to honor you this way.
Ryoko: Thank you, Ayeka.  I think.
Togawa (putting down cup of tea): I'm here in a room with a former 
criminal, two princesses, a legendary swordsman, and the hero of the 
century and (turns head towards Washu)...
Washu (points to Togawa): What's with him?
Takeshi: He had a messy breakup with his last girlfriend.  She kinda 
looked like you.
Washu: Oh.
Nobiyuki: Tenchi, who was that girl we met at the store?
Tenchi: Oni. Tsuki Oni.  She's a new student.
Ryoko (interested): New student?
Tenchi: Yup.  She said she just transferred here.  
Ayeka: She seems nice enough.
Naoko: Appearances can be deceiving.
Togawa: Don't say that! (start crying)
Kiyone: Calm down Togawa.  Your ex-girlfriend must by light years away.
Togawa: Maybe. (stops crying)
Katsuhito: Tenchi, did this girl ever have an interest in Sasami?
Tenchi: Yes. How did you know?
Katsuhito: She may have come by the shrine a while ago.
Tenchi: Really?
Katsuhito; She said she was looking for you or Sasami.
Ayeka & Ryoko: Really, Tenchi.
Tenchi: It's not like that, I can explain.
Ryoko: Good, please explain to us Tenchi.

Hanbatsuian fleet orbiting the former Juraian held planet of Sakuya.

General Tanto: Excellent, prepare to fire on the central tree cluster.
	The ships began taking position.

	Earth the same moment.
Sasami: Here's the fish!
Tenchi: It looks delish.
Sasami: I try.

	Tree cluster, planet Sakuya.
General Tanto: Fire.
	In a bright flash of light every ship's weapon fired onto the 
trees.  The trees themselves split into a million parts. 

	Earth the same moment.
Sasami: Huh, what?  (grabs head, the fish falls on the floor) My head.  
(Sasami collapses)
Ayeka (standing): Sasami!

	High orbit over planet Sakuya.  The Hanbatsuian fleet is awaiting
the orders of General Tanto.
General Tanto (aboard his command ship): Admiral Miyamoto, break up the
fleet to reach the targets in minimal time.  
Admiral Miyamoto (on holo screen): Yes General.  Your targets?
General Tanto: Secot system, Gamha system and Sol system.  
Admiral Miyamoto: Easy stuff, see you at the rendezvous point.
General Tanto: Sol system?  Humph.  Militarily unimportant.

	Earth several days later.  It is a sunny day.
Azaka (on phone): So how is Sasami doing?
Tenchi (also on phone): She'll be fine, Grandpa says she has a little 
cut, nothing more.
Azaka: By the way are you still holding the party?
Tenchi: You bet.  It's in about 2 weeks.
Azaka: OK. Bye Tenchi.
Tenchi: Bye.
	Tenchi hangs up the phone.  Washu takes a ruler and slaps his 
hand.
Tenchi (rubbing hand): Hey! What was that for?
Washu (snickering): You wanted me to help you in math and you spend all 
the time on the phone.  Do you want to stay in school the rest of your 
life?
Tenchi (looks at the math problem): I don't get it.
Washu: Think, Tenchi, think!!
Puppet A: Think, Tenchi! Think, Tenchi!
Puppet B: You have to try harder, Tenchi!
Tenchi (scribbling on paper): Is that it?
Washu: Hmmmm. Hmmmmm. (looks closely) No.
Tenchi (falls over): What?
Washu (slaping ruler on wrist): You're missing something.
	DING-DONG Ding-Dong
Tenchi: Who's that?
Washu (slapping Tenchi's hand with a ruler): No slacking! I'll get it.
	Washu answers the door.  Naoko is standing there.
Naoko (huffing and puffing): Oh hi!  Is Kiyone here?
Washu: You're late.
Naoko: I know, and on test day too.

	Deep space over Earth.  Three spaceships are present.  One of 
them is Yagami.

Kiyone (aboard Yagami, she is annoyed): Will you please open the hangar 
bay door, Yagami?
Yagami: No.  I will not open the door for that stuck-up self-centered 
ship.
Yukinojo: I heard that!
Mihoshi (aboard Yukinojo, she is sobbing): Can't you two ever get 
along?
Kiyone: I've had enough of this.  Manual override.  Code clearance: 
Muffet tuffet.
Yagami: You can't do this to me!  (Yagami reenters his ceiling compartment)
Yukinojo: Serves him right.
	Slowly the hangar bay doors to Yagami open up.  Yukinojo enters 
the Yagami's hanger bay.
Togawa (inside test ship1): Where's Naoko?
Kiyone: She was late.  Therefore she cannot participate.  All Galaxy 
Police members have to be on time.  Crime waits for no one.
Takeshi (inside test ship2): I told Naoko not to drink so much.
Kiyone: Never mind.  Today's test is very simple.  You are to make a 
flyby of Yagami and inspect the cargo hold.
Mihoshi (entering cockpit): Kiyone, there's nothing in the hangar bay.
Kiyone: Shhhh. It's a test.  I inserted program 628A.  
Mihoshi: Oh the one with the...
	Kiyone slaps her hand over Mihoshi's mouth.
Kiyone: Anyway, Takeshi, make the run.
Takeshi: Roger.

	Back on Earth.  Tenchi's school.

Tsuki (standing): The answer is 4/5 of a pie.
Teacher: Incredible work, Tsuki.  Class, please try and follow Tsuki's 
example.  Now turn to page 200 in the textbook.  Tsuki, what is your 
answer?
Tsuki: There is no answer.  (she sits down)
Teacher: Sorry, Tsuki.  I'm afraid an answer to this problem exists.  
Tenchi, do you have an answer?
Tenchi (stands up): The answer is 27.823519572810562185962859 by 
744.7451956484324945.
Teacher (checking textbook): Oh my gosh!  (Teacher runs up to Tenchi 
and hugs him) I had a PHD in math and I couldn't solve this equation.
	Other students grumble.  Tenchi sits down.  The teacher returns 
to the front of the class carrying Tenchi's workbook, so he can show the
rest of the class how he got the answer.
Friend (whispering): Tenchi.  Hey, Tenchi.
Tenchi (whispering): What?
Friend: Can Amagaski and I come to your house this weekend?
Tenchi: What?
Friend: We want to see you do these math problems.
Tenchi: Uh... not a good idea.
Friend: What, it's my best idea yet.  See you this weekend.
Tenchi (to self): Great.

	Early morning on planet Jurai, the Alderman is out for his walk.
Man (running to Alderman): Alderman we have a crisis.
Alderman (turns around): What is it?
Man: Look at what am I holding.
	Alderman looks and sees a leaf.
Alderman: So?
Man: Look. (turns head towards the tree of the Royal Palace)
Alderman: My, these are dark times.
	The tree is shedding leaves very rapidly.
Alderman: If this continues, soon all of Jurai will descend into 
darkness.  (pauses) Send another dispatch to the Galaxy Police! If we 
don't get more resources into the war, Jurai is doomed.  
Man: Yes sir.  (runs off)
Alderman: Empress Ayeka, we need you.

	General Tanto's command ship.
General Tanto (checking off list): Gamha occupation complete.  Next 
target?
Soldier: Sol system.
General Tanto: Intelligence report.
Soldier2: Sol system. Non interference zone.  One Galaxy Police patrol 
ship in system.
General Tanto: Damn.  We really have to up the intelligence budget.
Soldier3: Message from Lord Yomi.  
General Tanto: Play it.
	A hologram of Lord Yomi appears.
Lord Yomi: A message to all members of the Hanbatsuian Empire.  The 
time for a galactic revolution is upon us.  Right now our brave soldiers
are battling the expansionistic Juraians.  However, they hold one thing 
more powerful than our entire starfleet.  The Light Hawk Wings.  These 
weapons have been a thorn in our side.  Now is the time to say, "Let the
 Wings come"!  Our scientists have developed a weapon far more superior! 
Ladies and gentlemen, our battlecruisers are rearming as I speak.  The 
Wakizashi technology that was developed will give us the edge we need
to win this war.  Where Kagato has failed, where KAIN has failed, where
 I have failed, the destruction of Jurai, we now have the edge needed 
to finally turn the tide.  May the past guide us, the present teach us 
and the future, welcome us.  
	The hologram disappears.
Soldier: Your orders, General Tanto?
General Tanto: We shall return to the capital, signal Admiral Miyamoto. 
We must rearm ourselves before we continue.
Soldier2: Yes, sir.
General Tanto (thinking): And so Doctor Seiku was worth the price.

	Hanbatsu, capital world of Hanbatsuian Empire.

Lord Yomi: Cadet Yura!
Yura (running): Yes, sir.
Lord Yomi: Is the Doctor ready for his journey?
Yura (checks holo pad): Yes, sir.  We are awaiting the return of General
Tanto to safely escort him.  By the way, Doctor Clay is angry that you 
have not told him who has developed the Wakizashi gun adapter.
Lord Yomi: Excellent.  He may leave once a proper escort is ready.  Tell
 him I shall personally send him a gift, once we conquer Jurai.  Tell 
the other Doctor that this is none of his business.  I shall tell him 
when the time is ready.
Yura: That is all?
Lord Yomi: Yes, please leave.
	Cadet Yura leaves.
Lord Yomi (to self):  May the past guide us....
	Flashback, we see Lord Yomi with Kagato, they are at a table 
drinking tea. 
Lord Yomi (sipping tea): Are you prepared for your journey?
Kagato: Yes, I thank you for offering me safe passage.
Lord Yomi (places cup on table): Don't worry.  Remember, in return you 
promise better relations with my Empire.
Kagato (picks up cup of tea): Try excellent relations.
Lord Yomi: One thing I do not understand.  Why ask me to help you?
Kagato: Jurai is a powerful Empire, I need another powerful one to help 
me return.
Lord Yomi: I lost one war, I don't plan to fight another.
Kagato: You know in my journey, I visited many planets.
Lord Yomi: So?
Kagato: Ever hear of Doctor Seiku?
Lord Yomi: Only as a legend, he was the best.
Kagato: One of the best, only his students were better.  (sips tea) You 
know, I hear the planet Hiro is nice some times of the year.
Lord Yomi: I don't understand.
Kagato (places cup on table): Some day you will.  I'm off.
	Return to present.
Lord Yomi (thinking to self): Only his students were better....

	It is a sunny morning at the Masaki shrine.  Ryoko is sitting in 
the tree Ryu-Oh with Ryo-Oh-Ki.  Ryoko appears to be sad.

Ryoko: Look Ryo-Oh-Ki, the sun is so nice this time of year.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia.
Ryoko: I know: just the two of us.  Just like old times.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
Ryoko: You know something, Ryo-Oh-Ki?
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia? 
Ryoko: Maybe it's time for a change.  Maybe it's time for me to change.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia? Myia, myia, myia myia.
Ryoko: I guess you're right.  Maybe we changed the second we reached 
Earth.  But maybe we haven't changed at all.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
Ryoko: Look at the sun.
	The two sit silent and watch the sun peak over the horizon.
Ryoko (sun shinning in her face): Beautiful.
Washu (appearing): Guess who?
Ryoko (nearly losing balance): Washu! What do you want?
Washu: Just want to ask you something.
Ryoko (turn head away): What?
Washu: You want to follow Tenchi to school today?
Ryoko (turning around, now very interested): What?  Why?
Washu: You know Tsuki, the new student?
Ryoko: Yes.
Washu: Well I did some checking on her background.  She seems too good 
to be real.  
Ryoko: What?
Washu (notices the sun): Nice view.  
Ryoko (grabs Washu): If Tenchi is in danger...
Washu: No, no, no, it's her record, she excels in almost everything.
Ryoko (lets Washu go): So?
Washu: Nobody is perfect, Ryoko.  Not me, not you, not even Tenchi.
Ryoko: Oh, now I get it.
Washu: Just pretend to be related to Tenchi or something when you 
follow him.
Ryoko (snickering): Ok.

	Inside the Masaki home. Nobiyuki is cooking breakfast with Sasami.
Everyone else is getting up.
Nobiyuki (flipping pancakes): Man, has it been a while since I cooked.
Sasami (breaking some eggs): Well, at least the pancakes came out right.
Nobiyuki: American style breakfasts... just give me rice and miso soup 
any day.
Sasami: Well, change is good.
Ayeka (entering kitchen): Sasami, how are you today?
Sasami: Well, my head hurts from time to time, but now I've learned to 
handle it.
Ayeka: As long as you are feeling a bit better.
Sasami: Big sister, you worry too much.
Ayeka: I care for you that's all.
Sasami (tears welling in eyes): So did mom.
Ayeka (comforting Sasami):  There there, mother may not be here now, 
but soon we shall find her.
Sasami (wipes away tears): Thanks, Ayeka.
Nobiyuki: Uh, excuse me?
Sasami: Yes?
Nobiyuki (points to a pot): The eggs are ready.
Sasami: Ok, place....
	Cut to outside of the dining room.
Katsuhito: Your studies are getting in the way of your training.
Tenchi (yawning): I'll try harder, Grandpa.
Katsuhito: Tenchi, if you are to master your bokken skills, the first 
step is not to try.
Tenchi: What?
Katsuhito: True power is achieved within, if you try hard then you've 
failed.  Mastery involves forgetting what's going on around you and 
dealing with the battle at hand.  Only then do you achieve the mental 
mastery for whatever may await you.
Tenchi: Ok, I'll try.
Katsuhito (pics up tea cup): Ahem.
Tenchi: Oh, I mean I'll show up for training today.
Katsuhito (sips tea): That's better.
	Ayeka begins setting the table.
Ayeka: Lord Tenchi, will you help me here?
Tenchi: Ok.
	They both begin to set the table.  Both hands touch as they set 
the napkins.
Ayeka: Oh.
Tenchi: Oh.  I'm sorry.
	Washu, Ryoko, and Ryo-Oh-Ki enter.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
Tenchi (to Ryo-Oh-Ki): Oh hi!  Sasami is in the kitchen.  I think she 
has some carrots for you.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!! Myia! Myia! (runs into the kitchen)
Washu: Lord Katsuhito, how goes your shrine duties?
Katsuhito: Oh, the usual: work, work, sweep and teach Tenchi.
Washu: I see.  Have you ever seen Tsuki around recently?
Katsuhito: Can't say that I have.  I've seen Naoko the other day though.
Washu: Oh yeah, she was late for the flying test.
	Nobiyuki and Sasami place pancakes, eggs, sausage and maple syrup
on the table.
Nobiyuki: Everyone's here?  Ok, let's eat.
	Everyone sits down.  
Everyone: Bon appetit!
	Ryoko wraps the egg and sausage inside the pancake.
Ryoko (chewing): Yummy.
Ayeka: Well, Sasami and Nobiyuki are good cooks.
Katsuhito (reflecting): Reminds me of my trip to Canada.
Tenchi: You were in Canada?
Katsuhito (picks up teakettle): I was there once, a while ago, such a 
long story.
Nobiyuki: Did you meet any girls there?
Tenchi (picks up his orange juice): Dad!
Katsuhito: No.
Washu (slicing pancake): Ryoko, didn't you want to ask Tenchi 
something?
Ayeka (interested and annoyed): Yes, what were you going to ask him?
Ryoko (mouth slightly full of food): Oh yeah! Tenchi, can I go to 
school with you today?
Tenchi (spit-take): WHAT! 
Ryoko: Can I go to school with you today?
Nobiyuki: I think she said...
Tenchi: I heard her, dad.  Why, Ryoko?
Ryoko: I'm so lonely here all day. I should get out of the house more 
often.
Tenchi: Well, I see no problem in it, (turns head) Ayeka are you all 
right?
Ayeka(her face is very red): No .... not ..... at .... all. 
Tenchi: I don't want to hurt your feelings.  
Ayeka (slowly regaining composure): I'll ... be ... fine. 
Ryoko: Well Princess, you seem angry for someone who just ate 5 
sausages.
Ayeka: What, and I'm sure you didn't eat anything.
Nobiyuki: Please girls, calm down.  Remember what you said, no fighting
until after I leave the house.
	Both girls calm down.
Nobiyuki: That's better. (sips tea)

	Kiyone and Mihoshi's apartment.  The duo are eating breakfast.  

Kiyone: Pathetic.  Look at Togawa's results yesterday.  Not only would 
the unidentified ship have shot him down, he would have lost his 
wingman as well.
Mihoshi: I thought Takeshi did quite well.
Kiyone (slurping some ramen): Well, at least he survived.
Mihoshi: Well, perhaps with a bit more training. (starts drinking her 
tea)
Kiyone: Listen Mihoshi, I never want to go up there with those 2 insane
ships of ours.
Mihoshi (stops sipping): Kiyone, notice how Naoko didn't go yet?
Kiyone: Right.  Maybe she'll do better.

	Galaxy Police headquarters.  The Grand Marshal is present along 
with Admiral Watara and Mitsuki.

Admiral Watara (standing): You called for me, Grand Marshal?
Grand Marshal (sitting in a chair): Yes.  I've read the progress 
reports on the training.  Excellent work.
Admiral Watara: Thank you, I never would have imagined reaching 200% 
recovery so quickly.
Grand Marshal: Anyway, that is not why I called you here today.
Mitsuki (also standing): Then why did you call us?
Grand Marshal: I've just received a disturbing message from the 
Juraian Empire.
Admiral Watara: What was it?
Grand Marshal: Twenty standard galactic days ago, the Hanbatsuian 
Empire has declared war upon the Juraians.  While they have not 
attacked any of Jurai's allies, we must consider ourselves at war with 
Hanbatsu.  War means fleets must be commanded.  I want you to command 
the newly formed Galaxy Police 532nd fleet.
Admiral Watara: I'm honored.
Mitsuki: That's great, but why did you call me?
Grand Marshal: You must tell us the location of Empress Ayeka of Jurai.
Mitsuki: What?  How did you know that I knew the location?
Grand Marshal: The cadets in the Sol system reported that several 
important figures in the Galaxy live in the Sol system.  I figured that 
the Empress is vacationing there.
Mitsuki: Well, I'll have to get the location in my room.
Grand Marshal: Another thing.  You are reinstated to fighter wing duty.  
You are now assigned to wing 279 of the 532nd fleet.
Mitsuki: Why, after all I've done to help?
Grand Marshal: During the Kagato incident on Jurai you failed to 
mention that he had connections to the Hanbatsuians.
Mitsuki: I deemed it unimportant.
Grand Marshal: In policing nothing is unimportant.
Mitsuki: Understood.
Admiral Watara: Wait a minute! If the Hanbatsuians are at war with 
Jurai, why did they let us rebuild the fleet?
Grand Marshal: The Hanbatsuian intelligence division is badly in need 
of upgrading.  That's beyond the point anyway.  Myself I shall once 
again command all fleet operations here.  Admiral Watara, you and 
Admiral Yasunori will command our two token fleets to Jurai.  Admiral 
Hitoshi will assist the 532nd fleet with the 945th fleet.
Admiral Watara: He's still alive?
Grand Marshal: Yes, Admiral Hitoshi survived the rim world encounter.  
He will meet you shortly.
Mitsuki: Is that all?
Grand Marshal: Yes.  You may leave.
	Mitsuki leaves, Admiral Watara is about to leave but stops at the 
door.
Admiral Watara (turning around): One last thing... I thought the 
Juraian press said that Empress Ayeka is still on Jurai.  
Grand Marshal (standing up): The Royal Family is one of the last 
things that keeps stability on Jurai.  With most of the family members 
still missing, the government would collapse if Ayeka were to leave as 
well.  Now if you don't mind I must prepare the Tribunal into the KAIN 
incident.
Admiral Watara: Yes sir.

	Hanbatsuian fleet high orbit over Hanbatsu.  General Tanto is 
speaking to Admiral Miyamoto and Lord Yomi by holotransmission.
General Tanto (aboard command ship): Refitting on most ships complete, 
my fighter squadrons are severely depleted though.
Admiral Miyamoto: Shame, my fighter squadrons are full, however my 
ships need to be refitted.
Lord Yomi: Your early return has caused a severe delay to our 
operations.
General Tanto: Then don't hide your toys away from me.
Lord Yomi: At any rate, let Admiral Miyamoto refit his fleet, you must 
take care of the Doctor.  He is very impatient.
General Tanto: Fine, 5 standard galactic days until I reach the Gamha 
system, then 3 more to reach the Sol system.
Lord Yomi: 8 days lost because you returned rather quickly.
General Tanto: If you want me to return one of my gems...
Lord Yomi: I've never demoted one military official yet.  I do not plan
to start now.  
General Tanto: Very good.  End transmission.
	The holographic screens disappear. 
Doctor Seiku (appears from darkness): Wait!  I've done my part, you 
live up to yours.
General Tanto (turning to face the Doctor): Lord Yomi will kill me if 
I delay any longer.  The trip to the Academy will take an additional 2 
days.
Doctor Seiku: I've given you the steps to adapt the Wakizashi gun and 
you can't spare 2 days...
General Tanto: Fine, you'll owe me something though.
Doctor Seiku: No, I won't.  I could give you the true power of the 
Wakizashi gun, yet you use it as a mere toy...
General Tanto: I do not care about the gun.  Tell me about...

	Earth. The sun shines brightly as Ryoko is wearing her dress with 
the tail and waiting for Tenchi outside the Masaki household.

Ryoko: So Azaka, how do you like Earth?
Guardian Azaka: Just fine thank you.
Guardian Kamidake: Same here ma'am.  Look, there's Tenchi.
Tenchi (approaching): Ryoko, you can't seriously wear that to school.  
Can you?
Ryoko: What's wrong with it?
Tenchi: Try the moving tail, for one thing....
Ryoko: Fine, what do you want me to wear?
Tenchi: Well, how about one of Ayeka's old dresses?
Ryoko: You wouldn't ask me to wear one of those...

	Five minutes later.  Tenchi and Ryoko are on the bus.  Ryoko is 
wearing a white shirt and a blue and green skirt.

Ryoko: I feel so stupid.
Tenchi: Shhh.  And try to act normal.  
Ryoko (acting innocent): Who, me?
Tenchi: Yes, you.
Student (walking up to Tenchi): Hey, Tenchi.  Who's your girlfriend?
Tenchi: I uh uh uh uh...
Ryoko: Hi.
Student: Cat got your tongue, Tenchi?  Never mind.  
Ryoko: Bye.  (Student walks to the back of the bus)  What's your problem?
Tenchi: I forgot to think up some reason on why you're coming to school 
today.
Ryoko: Don't worry, Washu came up with a good idea.
Tenchi: That doesn't make me feel any better.

	Galaxy Police 532nd fleet and 945th fleet departing to Sol system.
  Bridge of the Liberty.
Admiral Watara (aboard the Liberty): Are you sure this is the exact 
location?
Mitsuki (also aboard the Liberty): Yes, this is the only piece of paper
 I was given.
Admiral Hitoshi (on holo screen, aboard his command ship the Freedom):
Guess work, my favorite.
Admiral Watara: At least I'm trying.  Time to location?
Deck hand (aboard the Liberty): 12 standard galactic days.
Admiral Watara: All ships prepare to depart.
Admiral Hitoshi: Now the fun begins.

	Hanbatsuian fleet departing from Hanbatsu.
General Tanto (aboard his command ship): Time to destination?
Soldier (to General Tanto): 5 days to the Gamha system, 2 days to the 
Academy and 3 days to the Sol system.
General Tanto: Well, this gun had better be worth all the trouble for 
you, Doctor.
Doctor Seiku (standing in background): As one of my students said, 
compact and powerful is the intelligent way.
General Tanto: All ships prepare to depart.

	It is cloudy over Tenchi's school.  Classes have not yet begun.  
Tenchi and Ryoko are entering his class, several other students are 
present.

Tenchi (to Ryoko): Remember, act normal.
Ryoko: Oh Tenchi, stop it.
Student (running up to Tenchi): Hey Tenchi, why didn't you invite me 
over to your house?
Tenchi: Well I figure that Amagasaki and ...
Student: Hey, who's the babe, (nudging Tenchi) bring her back during 
your prolonged absence from school?
Tenchi: What? No.  She's just someone I know.
Ryoko: Hello, how are you?
Student: Fine. (blushes) I've got to go. (runs off)
	Tsuki and several other students enter the class.
Tenchi: Hi Tsuki! Over here!  (Tsuki turns her head and notices Tenchi 
is with Ryoko)
Tsuki (notices Tenchi, walks towards him): Hello Tenchi.  (to Ryoko) 
And you are...?
Ryoko: A friend.
Tsuki: Oh.
Tenchi: Never mind, how did you find the math last night?
Tsuki: Easy and hard.  
Friend (walking up to Tenchi): Hey, who's your new friend?
Ryoko: Oh are all boys alike?
Tsuki: Pretty much.
	Ryoko and Tsuki both look at each other.
Both: HAHAHa.
Tsuki: Haha.  Maybe we should become friends some day, Ryoko.
Ryoko: Uh...
Tenchi: Oh dear.  The teacher...
Teacher (entering the room): Ok class.  (everyone in the class sits at 
a desk, Ryoko sits next to Tenchi on a chair) Take out your textbooks 
and ... I'm sorry.  Tenchi, did you bring a friend to class?
Tenchi: I'm sorry I'd like to introduce to you...
Ryoko (stands up): Hello, my name is Ryoko Masaki.
Tenchi (facefaults): What?
Teacher: Glad to meet you Ryoko.  So you are related to Tenchi then?
Ryoko: Not yet.  Tenchi and myself promised to get married under the 
stars.  Then, I can truly use the name Masaki.
Teacher: Ok.  Class please calm down, Ryoko is a guest.  
Ryoko (sitting down): Thank you, sir.
Friend: Tenchi, are you all right?
Tenchi (regaining composure): I don't think so.
Teacher: Well first let's correct yesterday's math assignment.
	The students start opening their books and grabbing pencils.
Teacher: Yesterday, I think I assigned pages 235-237 is this right, 
class?
Tsuki (standing up): Yes sir.  
Teacher: Excellent, Tsuki.  Please give me the answer to number one.
Tsuki: The answer is, 12 by 13264.1239856534745.
Teacher: You may sit now, Tsuki.
Ryoko: Uh sir, I have a question.
Teacher: Please Ryoko, if you have a question raise your hand first.
Ryoko (standing up): Sorry. (she bows)
Teacher: That's all right, we all make mistakes.
Class clown: Except Tenchi and Tsuki.
Class: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa.
Teacher: Please class, it's not nice to treat people like that.  Ryoko, 
please say your question.  Uh, Ryoko?
	The teacher looks and sees Ryoko holding the class clown by the 
neck.
Ryoko: Never ever make fun of my Tenchi.
Class clown (gasping): I ... can't ... breathe.
Teacher: Uh, Ryoko?
Ryoko (drops the class clown who quickly starts gasping for air): Uh 
honorable professor, how did the answer become .1239856534745.  I 
think that the answer is .1239856534712.  
Teacher:  Let me check.  (teacher looks at math book) No I'm sorry, 
Tsuki was right.
Ryoko (sitting next to Tenchi): Yes sir.

	The sun breaks through the clouds to shine brightly on the Masaki
household.  Washu is in the lab.

Washu (thinking): Can it be possible that Tsuki is not from Earth?  No. 
The odds of so many aliens being on Earth are about...  Ok, let's say 
that Tsuki is from another world.  Why is she here?  To kill Tenchi, 
unlikely.  To kill Mihoshi, Kiyone or Ryoko, impossible.  Then that 
leaves... oh my gosh... Sasami or myself.
	Knocking at door.
Sasami: Washu?
Washu: Yes.
Sasami: Do you think we can talk a while?
Washu (pauses): Ok.
Sasami (walks into the lab): Thanks.
Washu (looks at Sasami): What's on your mind?
Sasami: This morning Ayeka and I were talking.  Do you think that you 
can create a device to find my parents?
Washu (confused): What? Sorry that's something that is even out of my 
league.
	Sasami has tears in her eyes, she sniffles.
Washu: Look Sasami.  Your parents were banished by Kagato.  If anyone 
knew where they were, it would be him.  Since he was destroyed, the 
secret left with him.  Sasami, I cannot actually find them.  Yet they'll
always be nearby in your memory.
Sasami(crying): Oh, Washu thank you.
Washu (hugs Sasami): There, there, Sasami.  Sometimes the memories are 
all you have...

 	Deep space over Earth.  Naoko has just finished the test.
Yagami: Results completed now.  Naoko has passed with a 67% hit rate.
Kiyone: Impossible.
Mihoshi: What's impossible?
Yagami: This makes her the second highest score for test 237B.  The 
highest belongs to Detective First Class Mihoshi with a 70% hit rate 
and all objectives completed.
Mihoshi: You mean that wasn't a video game?
Kiyone: Never mind.  Ok class, I want you to practice entering and 
exiting the orbit of Earth without attracting the attention of the 
local populace.
Cadets: Yes Kiyone!
Mihoshi: Do you think that Naoko has taken the test before?
Kiyone: No. She is a cadet 3rd class, only 2nd class cadets retake all
the tests in the book. 

	Tenchi's school, it is a bright and sunny afternoon.

Tsuki: So then the police officers says, one cup or two?
	Everybody except Ryoko is laughing
Tenchi (sandwich hanging from mouth): Oh, that's funny.
Friend: Hey Tenchi, you never did tell us how you met Ryoko.
Tenchi: It's such a long story.   I prefer that I don't.
Ryoko: It's okay I'll tell them.
Tenchi (worried): I don't think they're that interested.
Friends: No, tell us!
Ryoko: It all started one day when I became lost in the woods.  I found
Tenchi there walking home from school.  He was so nice and caring.  That
 evening we talked and talked, until the stars were in the sky.  We 
pledged that evening to get married under the starry sky.  So that's 
the whole story.
Tsuki: How romantic, Ryoko.
Friend: Tenchi, you sly guy.
Amagasaki: Finally listened to your dad eh, Tenchi?
Tenchi: I don't remember the story exactly like that.
Ryoko: Well I may have changed a few parts, (hugs Tenchi) but that's 
the story of our love.
Tsuki: How nice.
Tenchi: Ryoko, I think you really should stop stretching the truth.
Friend: Speaking of truth Tenchi, when are you going to tell us about 
how you do the math problems so quickly?
Amagasaki: Tell us Tenchi?
Tsuki: Yes, tell us?
Tenchi: Well, uh, you see, uh, you'll find out this weekend.
Friend: Fine.  Hey Tsuki, wanna come?
Tsuki: Sure, it'd be the first time I've been to the shrine.
Tenchi: Great.
Ryoko: Hey Tenchi, tell them about the time we ran off together.  Just 
you and me.
Tenchi: Ryoko!  I'm warning you.

	The sun is setting behind the Masaki home.  Nobiyuki and Washu are
watching the television.  Sasami is cooking.  Ayeka and Katsuhito are 
playing chess.  Tenchi is doing his homework, Ryoko is drying Ryo-Oh-Ki.

Reporter: ... the astronomers society could not find any connection to 
today's atmospheric disturbance and the recent shooting star.  In 
business news, SyncroniCity version 2.3 was released...
Nobiyuki: Interesting.  
Washu: Very interesting.
Katsuhito (moves piece): Checkmate.
Ayeka: That's not very fair.
Nobiyuki (to Ayeka): Well, he was tired of losing to me.
Ayeka (cleaning up pieces): Fine Lord Katsuhito, let's play another 
game.
Ryoko: Hey Washu!
Washu: Yes.
Ryoko (lets go of Ryo-Oh-Ki): Tsuki is coming here this weekend.
Washu: What!
Ryoko: Tenchi's friends were talking in school and decided to visit 
this weekend.
Washu: Oh dear!  Not this weekend, I was planning to clean out my lab.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia, myia, myia.
Ryoko: Ok Ryo-Oh-Ki, you're dry, you can go.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia! (she scampers off to the kitchen)
Ryoko: So ... is Tsuki some kind of super alien or something?
Washu: I can't tell.  Did she do anything unusual?
Ryoko: I can't remember.  Oh wait!  She said my name even before I told
 her.
Washu (curious): I'll make a note of it.
Tenchi (walking downstairs): I hate to say it dad, but we have visitors
 this weekend.
Nobiyuki: Who?
Tenchi: Friends from school.
Washu: I've heard this conversation before. (she enters her lab)
Katsuhtio: Tenchi are you forgetting something?
Tenchi: What? I took out the trash.
Katsuhito: No.  Your training.
Tenchi: Oh right!  Let's go, Grandpa.
Ayeka (finishes moving piece): Checkmate!
Katsuhito (looks at board): ??????

	Planet Jurai, Imperial War room.

Alderman: Progress report.
Soldier: The enemy was halted near the planet Sakuya.  Reoccupation of 
the planet has begun.
Admiral: The 7th fleet was completely destroyed near sector Alma.
Admiral2: The force sent to recover the Universal Science Academy has 
fled to the planet Misaki to rearm and regroup.
Alderman: Status on the tree.
Woman: Still losing leaves everyday.
Alderman: Allies?
General: The Galaxy Police have begun preparations to send a fleet to 
Jurai.
Alderman: Planetary Council?
Man2: Falling apart.
Alderman: Councilman Konichi, why have you not united the council?
Councilman Konichi: I've tried, and failed.  We need a symbol of the 
royal family here to run the council efficiently.  
Alderman: Did the 9365th fleet join the Galaxy Police force heading 
to the Sol system.
Soldier2: Yes.
Alderman: Time to destination.
Admiral: 1 standard galactic day.

	Hanbatsuian fleet heading towards Sol System.  General Tanto is 
communicating with Lord Yomi.

Lord Yomi (on screen): You are not being followed?
General Tanto (sitting): The enemy force has retreated.  
Lord Yomi: Did the Doctor get home?
General Tanto: Yes.  I've also learned something very interesting.  
Lord Yomi: Something I'm sure that I know.  Prepare to meet my fleet at
 Rally Point Z235694367.
General Tanto: I shall arrive at the target in 1 standard galactic day.
Lord Yomi: Excellent; on schedule. 

	A sunny weekend greets the Masaki household.  Tenchi is inside 
the living room talking to Ayeka, Ryoko and Washu.

Tenchi: Please, don't do anything weird today.
Washu: When did I ever do anything to hurt you?
Tenchi: Not exactly in words...
Ryoko: I'm sure we can all act mature enough.
Ayeka: I know I can, you can be another story entirely.
Ryoko: You want to fight?
Tenchi: And another thing, NO FIGHTING!
Ayeka & Ryoko: Ok Tenchi.
	DING-DONG Ding-Dong
Tenchi: They're early.
	Tenchi answers the door.  Mihoshi, Kiyone, Togawa and Takeshi are
 at the door.
Tenchi: What are you doing here?
Mihoshi: Well, you invited us remember?
Tenchi: Oh no! I did.  Oh well.  You might as well come in.
Kiyone: Thank you.
Nobiyuki: Ah! More guests.
Takeshi: What, where!
Washu: No, silly!  Tenchi's friends are coming over today.
Takeshi: Oh.
	Sasami enters
Sasami: Where's the party?
Tenchi: No party yet Sasami.
	DING-DONG Ding-Dong
Nobiyuki: I'll get it.
	Nobiyuki answers the door.  Outside stand Tsuki, Amagasaki and 
Tenchi's other friend.
Tsuki: Hello, you must be Tenchi's honorable father.
Nobiyuki: And you must be Tenchi's girlfriend.
Tsuki (blushing): No.
Nobiyuki: Just kidding.  Come on in he is expecting you.

	Galaxy Police 532nd combined fleet. Onboard the flagship Liberty.

Admiral Watara: Open reverse engine.  Slow down so as not to alert 
the local space traffic.
Admiral Hitoshi: Non interference zones, so many rules involved.
Admiral Watara: Keep the rest of the fleet here.  Let's try not to 
frighten the locals.
Mitsuki: Can I come with you?
Admiral Watara: Why?
Mitsuki: Kiyone and I go way back to the Academy, I'm sure she'd like 
to see an old friend.  Besides I have a bad feeling about what's 
coming up.
Admiral Watara: Fine, get your squadron prepared to cover the 
landing operations.  
Mitsuki: Thank you, Admiral. 
	The fleet begins to break up as several command ships continue 
forward.

	Hanbatsuian fleet.  General Tanto's command ship.

General Tanto: One battle cruiser will be sufficient.  The rest of the 
fleet is to wait for orders to occupy the planet.
Commander: Yes, General.  Holding the fleet.
	General Tanto's command ship continues alone.

	Unsuspecting Earth.  It is now afternoon at the Masaki household.
Tenchi and his friends are doing math.  Washu is watching them.

Tsuki (holding up red hands): How old are you?
Washu (holding ruler): Uh. Twelve.
Friend (rubbing sore hands): You're really smart.
Washu: I try.
Tenchi (trying to write with his red hands): Sorry, I should have 
warned you.
Agamasaki (shows bandaged hands): I think so.
Friend (turning arm slowly): Oh my look at the time, I have to go 
home now.
Agamasaki: Me too.
Tenchi: You sure you don't want to stay a little longer?
Both of them: YES!
Agamasaki: Maybe I'll visit again soon.
Washu: Ok. I'll show them out.
	Washu opens the door for the pair as they leave, Naoko appears 
over the horizon.
Naoko: Hold the door open, Washu!
Washu: Strange, you're late again.
Naoko: It's those late night drinking parties.  I've really got to 
cut down.
Ryoko (appears behind Washu): Did I hear drinking party?
Naoko: Maybe.
	The three enter the living room where Tsuki and Tenchi are 
packing their books.  Sasami enters with Ayeka carrying a tray of 
cookies.
Sasami: I baked cookies.  Hey, where is everybody?
Tsuki: They left.  It looks like it'll just be me and (points to 
Naoko)...
Naoko: Oh, I'm sorry.  My name is Naoko and yours...
Tsuki: Oni, Tsuki.
Ryoko (shuffling through a pile of tapes): Do you sing karaoke?
	Tsuki and Naoko look worried.

	High orbit over Earth.  The Yagami and 2 training ships are 
present.

Kiyone (aboard Yagami): Today, we're going to practice a crisis 
situation.
Mihoshi (aboard Yagami): Really?  Which one?
Kiyone: It'll be similar to situation 628A.  Since you both almost 
failed I'll take you through it.
Takeshi (aboard ship1): Hey Togawa, I heard Naoko say yesterday that 
she has missed every test we've had so far.
Togawa (aboard ship2): But, we saw her come and pass all of them.
Takeshi: What's that?  (points to an approaching unidentified ship)
General Tanto (aboard his command ship): Damn.  I thought there was 
only one patrol ship in the system.
Kiyone: Ok.  This is the real deal! Take up positions and follow the 
Yagami's lead.
Togawa: The real deal!
Takeshi: Where is Naoko when you need her?

	Masaki household.
Ayeka: You'll find karaoke very relaxing.
Ryoko (drinking a sake): And very fun.
Tsuki: Karaoke.  Are you sure?
Tenchi: Where's dad?
Sasami: He's making some special drink.
Tenchi (sweatdrop): Oh dear.  Last time he tried, we had to throw out 
the juicer.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
	Washu appears.
Washu: That's it, now I understand.
Naoko: Understand what?

	Galaxy Police force heading to third planet of Sol system.
Admiral Watara: Estimated time to destination.
Deckhand: 10 minutes.

	High orbit over Earth.
Kiyone: I do not have the authority to surrender the system.
General Tanto: Those are my final offers.  You have 5 minutes.
Soldier: They're scanning the ship.
General Tanto: Let them.  If they fight, we win.  If they flee, we win.
Mihoshi: What do we do, Kiyone?
Kiyone: Get Yukinojo out and flying.  I have a plan.

	Masaki household
Washu: Could you excuse us a minute, Tsuki?
Tsuki: Ok.  (Tsuki leaves the room)
Tenchi: Ok, Little Washu what is it?
Washu: I can't be certain, but I think we are in danger.
Ayeka: What?

	Galaxy Police force
Admiral Watara: All hands prepare for anything.

	High orbit over Earth
Yukinojo: Are you sure, Mihoshi?
Mihoshi (aboard Yukinojo): Yes, Kiyone said to target the...
General Tanto (aboard command ship): Your reply, Detective Kiyone?
Kiyone (aboard Yagami): Please wait.  We are scanning for unpaid 
parking tickets.
General Tanto: What?
Togawa (aboard ship1): I'm in position.
Takeshi (aboard ship2): Beacon activated.

	Masaki residence
Washu: Now I'm sure.  I've heard over my inter-galactic television 
that Jurai is at war with the Hanbatsu.
Ayeka: What?  Is this true?
Washu: Very true.  So true in fact that some research has proved the 
shooting star that passed by recently was nothing more than a 
Hanbatsuian shuttle.
Tenchi: This is bad?
Washu: The shuttle may have dropped off a spy.
Ryoko: SO who is the spy Washu?
Washu: The spy is...

	High orbit over Earth
General Tanto (aboard command ship): I cannot wait any longer, all 
hands prepare to fire!
Kiyone (aboard Yagami): Wait! If you fire we will be forced to 
retaliate.
General Tanto: I have no choice, you refuse to answer the request 
of surrender.  All hands...
Kiyone: Now.
Mihoshi (aboard Yukinojo): Fire!
Yukinojo: Yes Mihoshi!
	With that, Yukinojo fires a mysterious metal tube.  The tube 
hits General Tanto's command ship. 
Deckhand: General Tanto!  They hit the reactor!  The Wakizashi systems 
are down.  We lost 65% of our weapons energy.
Yagami: Lucky shot!
Kiyone: Shhhh.  You'll lose your concentration.
General Tanto: Signal the fleet.  Executive order 176829, send 
assistance immediately.  (he opens holographic communications) What did
you do?
Kiyone: We fired an ion cluster bomb at your ship.  If you do not leave 
the Sol system immediately, we will fire again.
Togawa: What's that? (points to another group of incoming ships) 
General Tanto: Excellent.  Target the Yagami all remaining guns.
Soldier (aboard General's command ship): Yes sir.  (the ship's guns 
slowly turned towards their new target)  Lock acquired.  
General Tanto: Prepare to fire...
Kiyone: Mihoshi, guys, help me.
Admiral Watara (aboard the Liberty): This is the Galaxy Police force 
battle cruiser Liberty.  Hanbatsuian vessel you are to return from 
where you came.  If you do not leave peacefully, we shall be obliged 
to force you to leave.
General Tanto: Never!  Under the name of Lord Yomi, we shall fight to 
the bitter end.
Admiral Watara: You leave me no choice.  (to communications screen) 
All ships this is Admiral Watara, engage the Hanbatsuian ship.  Force
a withdrawal, do not destroy.
Admiral Hitoshi (aboard the Freedom): My favorite game.  Launch all 
fighters!!
Mitsuki (inside her fighter): You don't need to tell me twice.
	The Galaxy Police force in perfect formation begin to launch 
their fighters.
General Tanto: Open fire upon the Yagami!
Kiyone: This looks like the end.
Yagami (being rocked back and forth): Shield strength down to 95%, 
75%, 27%, prepare for shield collapse!
Naoko (arriving in test ship3):  Nobody kills our commanding officer 
and gets away with it!
	Naoko's ship absorbed the brunt of the next laser barrage.
Naoko: Ha! That'll show you!
Mihoshi: Yukinojo, do something!
Yukinojo: Roger, Mihoshi.
	Yukinojo fires an energy blast towards the Hanbatsuian ship.
Soldier (aboard Hanbatusian ship): General, shield systems are down!
General Tanto: Direct all energy to shields and repair systems! 
(regretfully) We must retreat!
Mitsuki (aboard her fighter): Engaging enemy ship.   
 	With that several dozen ships race after the fleeing Hanbatsuian
command ship.    
Takeshi: Cover me, Togawa.
Togawa: Only if you cover me.
	Takeshi's ship went in for a low pass over the hull.
Takeshi: You can actually see the gunners!
Togawa: Shut up and concentrate!  You want to end up as space debris!?
	Togawa's ship drops a small bomb, which explodes with deadly 
precision.
Soldier (aboard ship): The shields are out!
General Tanto: Begin a roll!
	The massive ship begins to spin slowly.  However, not fast enough
to prevent Mitsuki to fire a tracking beacon on the ship.  
General Tanto: Return Fire! All guns.
Soldier (aboard Tanto's command ship): Acknowledged.
Yagami: Are you all right Kiyone?
Kiyone: Ouch.  (standing up) Damage report.
Yagami: This ship isn't going anywhere.   
Mitsuki (over com link): Kiyone are you all right?
Kiyone: Just give them one for me.
Mitsuki: Whatever you say.
	With that Mitsuki's squadron, drops a surprise into the hangar 
bay of General Tatnto's ship.
Engineer (inside the hangar bay): Prepare to launch our fighters.  
Soldier (also inside the bay): What's that! (he points to the incoming 
bombs)
Engineer: Run!!!
BOOM!!!!!
Mitsuki: Scratch one hangar bay!
General Tanto: Activate the sublight engines.  Order the fleet to 
withdraw.  Rally point 45312741.
Galaxy Police Pilot: The Hanbatsuian ship is leaving!
Admiral Hitoshi: Recall all ships!  We have completed our objectives.
Admiral Watara: Do not pursue.  Repeat, do not pursue!  We must ensure 
the safety of the Earth.    
Mitsuki: Roger Admiral, all ships break off.
	With that the Galaxy Police halt their pursuit. Reentering 
formation and returning to their assigned cruisers.  The battered 
Hanbatsuian battle cruiser retreats.
Admiral Watara: Well done, everybody.  The first action by the Galaxy 
Police in this war has ended in ... victory!!
Admiral Hitoshi: A job very well done indeed.  Now this is what war is
 all about.  Damage report.
Deckhand (aboard the Liberty): Losses of 2 fighters.
Kiyone: Thanks Admiral, I owe you one.  Naoko, why did you come so 
late?
Naoko: Oh my!  We must return immediately!  I'll tell you on the way 
down! 

	Hanbatsuian fleet withdrawing to rally point 45512741.
General Tanto: Well done, Detective Kiyone.  There is no such thing as 
an ion cluster bomb.
Deckhand: Lord Yomi requests a progress report.
General Tanto: Open a channel, we must discuss the operation to attack 
Jurai.  Place all available energy into repair systems.  (pauses) And 
check the hull for tracking beacons.

	Meanwhile, at the Masaki home
Washu: ... the spy is ... ow!  (Washu is thrown against the wall by an 
energy net released from Naoko's gun)
Naoko (holding gun): No need to tell them Washu!  I'll tell them.  
Don't move! (she points her gun toward Ryoko)
Ryoko (standing): Naoko, how could you?
Tsuki (reentering the room): That's not Naoko.  Kusari!  The charade 
is up!  
Naoko: Fine.  (The image of a woman not much older than Tenchi 
replaces the image of Naoko) I am Kusari of the Hanbatsu secret service.
Tsuki: I knew you'd catch on sooner or later.  Kusari, detain Ryoko 
while I deal with the princess.
Ryoko (lunging towards Tsuki): You monster!
	Kusari fires a bolt of energy at Ryoko, completely trapping her 
inside.  Tenchi grabs the Tenchiken, which was in his pants pocket.
Ayeka (looking at Ryoko): Oh dear! Ryoko are you alright? (faces Tsuki)
 I will not allow this! (she forms an energy shield with logs)  
Tsuki: Don't use that primitive toy! (Tsuki makes an energy sword that 
is blue in color, she grabs Tenchi and points the blade at his throat, 
and Tenchi drops the sword) I have beaten you!  
Tenchi (trying not to get cut): Why, Tsuki?
Tsuki: I'm paid to do my work.  I came to Earth to destroy the remains 
of the Royal Family.  (backs up towards the kitchen door) Kusari! Take 
the professor and let's go on our way.  
	As Tsuki backs up Nobiyuki opens the door.  He is carrying a tray
 with a pitcher of juice on the top.
Nobiyuki: I made juice.
Sasami (yelling): Watch out, Mr. Masaki!
Nobiyuki: Hunh?
	Nobiyuki slams the tray on Tsuki's head, knocking her unconscious.
  Tenchi: Thanks dad.
Nobiyuki: What's going on in here?
Ayeka: Where's Kusari?
Sasami (being held by Kusari): Help!
Kusari (makes a green energy sword): Any closer and Sasami gets it.
Ayeka (grabs the Tenchiken): I will not allow this any longer! (she 
activates the sword and slices off Kusari's hand) 
Kusari: AAHHH! (holding stub of arm) You may have won this round 
Empress, but we will win the war.  (she opens the front door running 
past Kiyone, Naoko and Togawa)
Kiyone: Freeze! (she points her gun toward Kusari) 
Togawa: I'll get her.  (he runs after Kusari tackling her to the 
ground) 
Kiyone (running towards Togawa and Kusari): You have the right to...
	Meanwhile, inside the Masaki home
Ayeka: Sasami, are you all right?
Sasami (scared): Yes, big sister.
Kiyone: I'm glad I came in time.  Where did Kusari go?
Tenchi: She ran outside.
Kiyone (running outside): Thank you.  (thinking to self) Fools.
Washu (weakly): That's ... not ... Kiyone.
Tenchi: WHAT? (turns toward the door) Too late, she's gone.
Nobiyuki: Can somebody explain to me what's going on?

	Outside the Masaki home
Mihoshi (getting out of Yukinojo, she notices Tsuki/Kiyone): Hey 
Kiyone! Kiyone!
Kiyone/Tsuki (worried): Wh-What Mihoshi?
Mihoshi: You promised to wait for me.  What happened?
Kiyone/Tsuki: I was distracted. (trying to change subject) I think 
Tenchi was looking for you.
Mihoshi (taking off helmet): Really? (Mihoshi looks at Kiyone/Tsuki and 
notices she isn't wearing her red headband) Where's your headband?
Kiyone/Tsuki: Uh... 
Kiyone (running towards Mihoshi): Mihoshi! Come here and help me!
	Mihoshi slowly begins to realize that there are 2 Kiyones.  She 
slowly raises her gun out of its holster. 
Mihoshi (pointing the gun at Kiyone/Tsuki): Freeze, Kiyone! (swings gun 
to face the other Kiyone) Freeze, Kiyone!
Togawa (running up to Mihoshi): There you are.  Could you ...(turns his 
head and notices 2 Kiyones) Um.  What's going on here?
Mihoshi: That's what I'd like to know.
Kiyone/Tsuki (pointing at Kiyone): She's the fake.  She's really a spy 
from Hanbatsu.  (Togawa raises his gun towards the real Kiyone)
Kiyone: Now just wait a minute!  I'm the real Kiyone! (points to 
Kiyone/Tsuki) She's the spy!
Togawa: I'm confused.
Mihoshi: I'm not. (Mihoshi pauses a moment and she starts to sing) ... 
'cause in the middle of our kiss I saw his hairpiece come off.
Kiyone/Tsuki (continues the song): ... You should have known ...
Kiyone : ... better my friend.  No matter ... (continues singing)
Mihoshi (turns head both ways): Now I'm confused.
Togawa: This could last all night.
Kiyone (getting annoyed): Fine.  Ask me a question that only I could 
know the answer to.
Mihoshi (thinks a moment): Do you enjoy being my partner?
Kiyone/Tsuki: Of course.
Kiyone: ...
Mihoshi  (pointing her gun towards Kiyone): Arrest that fake, Togawa!
Kiyone (shocked): Wait, Mihoshi! That's not fair.  Ask something I 
could answer.
Mihoshi: Ok.  Um.  How did you get your headband?
Kiyone/Tsuki: I had it since I was a child.
Kiyone: Ha!  Wrong.  That's the story I made up.  Mihoshi bought it 
for me after we had completed training at the Galaxy Police Academy!
Mihoshi (pointing gun towards Kiyone/Tsuki): You are under arrest.
Togawa: You have the right to remain silent on any crimes that may 
have...
Tsuki (reverting back from looking like Kiyone): Well, you Galaxy 
Police aren't as dumb as I thought.  I enjoyed our game, but I have to 
leave.  I have an appointment with Jurai! (she claps her hands together 
and disappears in a flash of light)
Kiyone (hugging Mihoshi): Thanks Mihoshi!
Mihoshi: Oh Kiyone, I knew it was you all the time.
Kiyone (shocked): What?  How?
Mihoshi: Because (pause) we have the best partnership in the Galaxy 
Police.
	Kiyone and Togawa fall over.

	The Masaki household.  Tenchi is removing the bits of debris 
from the floor.  Ryoko is sleeping on the couch.  Washu is talking with
Ayeka, Kiyone and Mihoshi.  Several Galaxy Police officers and Juraian 
guards are present.  Mitsuki is pouring herself some of Nobiyuki's drink.
Nobiyuki and Katsuhito are cleaning the walls.  Sasami is sleeping in a 
folding chair; Ryo-Oh-Ki is dozing on top of her head.  Admiral Watara 
and Admiral Hitoshi are standing.
Togawa, Takeshi and Naoko are in the corner talking.

Tenchi (sweeping): Why do I always have to clean up?
Nobiyuki (trying to remove scorch marks): Are your friends always this 
messy?
Katsuhito (fixing chairs): I've got to enforce the rule of no killing 
in the house.
Washu: Tell me the story again.
Ayeka: Very well.  In a time of great crisis to Jurai, Tsunami shall 
chose a person who is pure of heart to lead Jurai out of the darkness 
and into the light.  Tsunami herself is said to reappear to fight the 
final battle.  This battle shall decide the fate of all Juraians 
everywhere.  If Tsunami were to lose, it is said the galaxy would 
suffer a worse fate than the Juraians.
Mihoshi (scratching head): Um Ayeka, who's Tsunami?
Ayeka: Not who, what's Tsunami?  Tsunami is said to be the center of
the Juraian Empire.  Only the Emperor or Empress can call on the power
 of Tsunami.  It is said that the current site of the Royal Palace is 
the tree where Tsunami landed aeons ago. 
Kiyone: Wait!  Why didn't Kagato use Tsunami against us?
Ayeka: Only the true ruler of Jurai, one who is pure in heart and soul
can use Tsunami.
Mitsuki (sipping juice): So what's Tsunami's power?
Ayeka: Tsunami's power is said to out rank that of the entire Juraian 
fleet.  Most Juraian ships can only produce 3 Light Hawk Wings.  
Tsunami can produce 10 Light Hawk Wings.
Togawa (to Naoko): So Kusari disguised herself as you.
Naoko: Yes, she must have slipped something into my drinks and 
pretended to be me while I was out.
Juraian guard: Empress Ayeka, while we waste time chatting, 
the Hanbatsuian Empire moves against Jurai.
Admiral Watara: It's true.  Before we lost the beacon, the Hanbatsuian 
battle cruiser was headed to Juraian territory.
Washu: That's impossible!  If I could have downed the planet's shields 
I would have done so.  Nothing can pass those three defensive barriers.
Katsuhito (dipping rag into bucket): We managed to pass the barriers.
Washu: But that was different, because you knew how to pass the 
barriers.
Admiral Watara: At any rate, Jurai is preparing for an invasion.
Tenchi: Isn't there anything we can do?
Admiral Hitoshi: Perhaps.  If Ayeka were to return to Jurai, perhaps 
she could properly conduct a counter attack.
Ayeka: It looks like I have no choice, I must return to Jurai.
Sasami (waking up): But, big sister!  If we return then we may never be 
able to return here.
Ayeka (regretfully): I know.  However, that is a chance I am willing to 
take.
Tenchi: I'll come too.
Washu: We might as well save some time and say we're all going.
Juraian guard: Unfortunately, Lord Yosho must stay here.
Katsuhito: I know.  If something were to happen, at least one member of 
the Royal family must have a known location.
Nobiyuki: And I have to go to work. 
Kiyone: Well then I guess our choice is simple, return to Jurai and stop
 the Hanbatsuians.

Tenchi (voice over): And so our journey to save Jurai began...

	A bright and sunny day welcomes the Masaki household.  Nobiyuki, 
Katsuhito and the knights Azaka and Kamidake are standing by the shore 
of the lake.  Ryo-Oh-Ki is already in spaceship form and only Tenchi, 
Washu and Ryoko are still on the shore.

Ryoko: Don't worry, I'll bring Tenchi back in one piece.
Azaka (bowing): I'm sorry we cannot follow you.
Kamidake (bowing): We must guard Lord Yosho's life.
Tenchi: That's ok.  
Nobiyuki: Tenchi I'm sorry that I can't see you for a while, so 
remember this, as your father I have the responsibility to raise you 
without your mom.  I'm sure she would be as proud of you as I am.  You 
bring a lot of joy to this old man's heart.
Tenchi (hugs Nobiyuki): Thanks dad.
Katsuhito: Tenchi, remember your training.  The battle ahead may bring 
many hardships, much concern and much pain.  However, heed these words, 
the true road to victory lies on the path of defeat.
Tenchi: Anything else?
Katsuhito: Try not to forget to do your homework.
Washu: Just send it to us with the device I set up.
Ryoko: Alright everyone, the show's over so let's head up to the big 
black.
	With that Tenchi, Ryoko and Washu enter Ryo-Oh-Ki.  Ryo-Oh-Ki 
takes off.  
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
	Azaka and Kamidake salute while Nobiyuki and Katsuhito shout words 
of encouragement. 
Nobiyuki (yelling): Good-bye, Tenchi!  Remember how proud I am of you!
Katsuhito (yelling): Remember what your name means, heaven and earth.
Tenchi (aboard Ryo-Oh-Ki): I won't.  (talking to Ryoko) Do you think I 
made the right choice?
Ryoko: I don't know, Tenchi.  All I do know is that I've never seen 
you make a wrong one.
Tenchi: Thanks Ryoko.

	Hanbatsu 1st fleet deep space, contested space.  Onboard Lord 
Yomi's command ship the Kodo-ha.

Lord Yomi (aboard Kodo-ha): Do not worry, General Tanto, we shall 
return to the Sol system after we occupy Jurai.  
General Tanto (aboard Kodo-ha): But, sir, I've failed.
Lord Yomi: Don't worry.  You are one of my best Generals.  Anyway, as 
long as the Doctor is secure we need not worry.
General Tanto: So what is the battle plan?
Lord Yomi (pushes button, a 3D hologram appears before the generals 
and admirals present): Gentlemen, this is the Juraian system.  We 
shall conquer the outer planet here, before moving onto Jurai.  There 
I shall personally guide the attack.  Order Admiral Miyamoto to move 
his fleet to cover our borders with our allies for joint defense.
General Tanto: Shouldn't we wait until we have finished rearming all 
the fleets before we enter Juraian territory?
Admiral: I second the motion.
Admiral2: I agree.
Lord Yomi: Very well, we shall rearm and then attack.  A fleet running 
at 100% efficiency is far better than one running anywhere less than 
that.  Either way, Jurai shall be ours!

	Galaxy Police combined 532nd fleet.  Mihoshi and Kiyone are 
aboard the Yagami.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu and Ryo-Oh-Ki are aboard the 
Liberty.  Ayeka and Sasami are aboard the Juraian ship, Azusa.

Tenchi (doing homework): Over 5000 light years away from Earth and I 
still have to do homework.  
Washu (slapping his hand with a ruler): You can't keep missing school,
so Nobiyuki and I agreed this is the only way for you to keep up with 
your studies.
Tenchi: Ouch.  Why do you have to keep hitting my hand with that ruler
anyway?
Washu (giggling): It's the only way you'll learn.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia, myia.
Ryoko: What is it, Ryo-Oh-Ki?
	Mitsuki enters, she is carrying a basket of carrots.
Mitsuki (trying to be polite): Hello, I heard you like these.  (She 
gives one to Ryo-Oh-Ki)  
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
Ryoko: So how's the interrogation working out?
Mitsuki: Not very well.  Kusari refuses to tell us anything.  But 
for some reason she wants to speak to Washu.
Washu: Who, li'l me?

	Cut to interrogation room.  Admiral Watara and several Galaxy 
Police officers are present.  Kusari is sitting on a chair.  She 
appears to be tired and worn out.

Admiral Watara (sitting behind desk): What was General Tanto doing 
in the Sol system?
Kusari (quietly): You saw, didn't you?
Interrogation officer1 (pacing): Look, we are trying to get you off 
with a light sentence.  If you don't want to help...
Interrogation officer2 (yelling): We'll throw you into the deepest, 
darkest prison we have.  No food, no visitors; you'll go nuts.  So 
what was General Tanto doing?
Kusari (quietly): Let me speak to Professor Washu.
Interrogation officer1 (picks up a glass of water, starts drinking 
it): Would you like some water?
Interrogation officer2 (takes pitcher of water away): No water for you, 
until you give us some answers.
Kusari: Let me see Washu.
	Washu enters the room. 
Washu (closing door): What's up, Admiral?
Admiral Watara (tired): Kusari refuses to cooperate.  She says she has 
a message for you.
Interrogation officer2 (in Kusari's face): Well, tell her!
Kusari: No. I must tell her alone.
Interrogation officer1 (pacing): What?  Can't you share with the rest 
of us?
Kusari: No.
Admiral Watara: We must leave.  (to Washu) If anything happens, tell 
us.
Washu: Ok, Admiral.  (the interrogators and Admiral Watara leave)
Kusari: I have a message from someone.
Washu: Who?
Kusari: I thought you'd know.
Washu: What are you talking about?
Puppet A: She's trying to fool you, Washu!
Puppet B: Be careful, Washu!
Kusari: Such annoying antics.  No guesses, professor?
Washu: I give up, tell me.
Kusari: Shame a genius like yourself didn't get it.
Washu: I may be smart, however your games tire me.  Tell me or I'll 
leave you with the Galaxy Police.
Kusari: You drive a hard bargain.  Here it goes, Doctor Seiku is back.
Washu (shocked and disturbed): No ... it can't be true.
Kusari: I've seen him with my own eyes, he really wants to see you 
again.
Washu (still shocked): Doctor Seiku... (pauses a moment) guards, I'm
done here.

	The Yagami
Admiral Hitoshi (on communications screen): You fired a garbage pod?
Kiyone: Yes, that is correct.  The beacon that Takeshi used jammed the 
control panel of the Hanbatsuian ship.  I made up the ion cluster bomb, 
to hide the fact that Yagami was altering the panel's output.
Mihoshi: That's right.  It was all Kiyone's plan.
Kiyone: Is that all Admiral?
Admiral Hitoshi: Oh yes. (checks paper) Takeshi, Naoko and Togawa have 
all been sent to Mitsuki's squadron just as requested.
Kiyone: That's good.  Their first duty might also be their hardest.
Admiral Hitoshi: That's the way war is.

	The Azusa, Ayeka is standing on the bridge with the Guardians 
Azaka and Kamidake.  Sasami is reading a manga.

Guardian Azaka: Empress Ayeka, why do you do this?
Ayeka (sad): It's time I stopped hiding from my responsibility of 
running Jurai.
Sasami: Why, Ayeka?  It tears you up inside.
Ayeka: As first princess of the royal family, it is now time to admit 
that the past shall never return.  Though I've enjoyed my vacation, it 
is all but over.  
Sasami: Over?  Big sister, it has barely begun!
Ayeka: Someday you'll understand.
Deck officer: We have a message from the Alderman!
Ayeka (turning head): Play.
Alderman (on view screen): Empress Ayeka, I'm so glad you are 
returning to Jurai.  However, we have kept one secret from you.  See 
for yourself.  (the alderman moves to reveal that the tree containing 
the royal palace has lost nearly half its leaves)  I'm afraid the power 
of Tsunami might be fading.  We must discuss this upon your return. 
Long live Jurai, long live Tsunami.  (the message ends)
Ayeka (to Sasami): You are in charge of the ship, Sasami.  I must 
prepare a speech for our return.
Sasami: Oh, Ayeka.
Guardian Kamidake: Princess Sasami, you must realize that Jurai is 
at war...
Sasami: I know, it just hurts me to see Ayeka work so hard.

	The Liberty, Tenchi is napping.  Admiral Watara is 
communicating with Admiral Yasunori.  Yasunori is a young woman 
with blond hair and green eyes. 

Admiral Yasunori (holographic image): Well, my fleet is all here.  
What is the status on yours?
Admiral Watara (standing in center of room): We should arrive shortly.  
Admiral Yasunori: The Juraians are near a state of panic, make sure 
to bring the Empress here safely.
Admiral Watara (pointing to self): Hey, it's me.
Admiral Yasunori: That's why I'm worried.  By the way, when do you 
want to transfer Kusari?
Admiral Watara: As soon as I arrive.  That troublemaker is costing 
me a bundle of time.  And all for nothing, she refuses to talk.  She 
kept asking for Professor Washu, and she told me that Kusari talks 
nonsense.
Admiral Yasunori: Well, that's one thing that the Hanbatsu are known 
for... their spies.

	Jurai the next day.  A ceremonial honor guard awaits the 532nd 
fleet.  All the ships - Galaxy Police and Juraian - are lined up one 
by one in formation.  Everyone is onboard the Liberty.  At the Royal 
Palace, an honor guard stands with all the Holy Council members on one 
side and the Alderman and other officials on the other side.  As the 
Liberty lands the spectators below start cheering.

Spectators: Hurray for Ayeka, Empress of Jurai!  Long live Tsunami!
Tenchi (watching them from the Liberty): Are they always like this?
Ayeka (wearing a formal dress): Jurai is a planet bound by tradition.
Mihoshi (dressed in her Galaxy Police formal uniform): Don't worry 
Tenchi, we're all as clueless as you are.
Kiyone (also dressed in a formal uniform): Mihoshi, don't make Tenchi 
more nervous than he already is.
Sasami (in formal dress): Now I remember why I hated this. (she starts 
tugging on the bow in her hair)
Guardian Azaka (sparkling from top to bottom): At least the sun doesn't
reflect off your body.
Guardian Kamidake (also sparkling): I can't see.
Washu (wearing her Universal Science Academy uniform): Formal 
ceremonies, what a waste of time.
Ryoko (wearing a normal dress): Hold still Ryo-Oh-Ki so I can comb 
all your fur.
Ryo-Oh-Ki (half her fur has been combed already, the other half is 
frizzy): Myia.
Ryoko: Complaining won't help.
Admiral Watara (wearing a white Galaxy Police uniform): Remember, we 
are guests so don't do anything to offend the Juraians.
Admiral Hitoshi (wearing the same uniform): I agree with Professor 
Washu.  Who needs formal ceremonies?
Mitsuki (wearing a formal Galaxy Police uniform): Now I can see if 
that diplomacy 101 class at the academy finally pays off.
Kiyone (whispering): Don't count on it.
Ayeka: The door is opening.
	With that the Honor guard begins playing the Juraian national 
anthem.  The Alderman walks in front of a podium, and starts reading 
a prepared speech.
Alderman: My fellow Juraians, we stand at the turning point of the 
war.  Empress Ayeka has just returned from her short trip, and she 
has returned with Jurai's greatest hero!  With the power of Tsunami, 
the Hanbatsu will fall just like they have before!
	Cheering.  The door to the Liberty is now fully open.  Ayeka 
begins to walk outside, the sun shines brightly overhead.  Sasami is 
following her.  The honor guard salutes the both of them.  Ayeka walks 
up to the podium.
Ayeka (clears throat): Greetings.  I have returned.  (audience cheers) 
The dark times that were brought by Kagato are all but over.  Now is 
the time to rebuild and retake what is ours.  With the power of 
Tsunami behind us not even the Hanbatsuians can reach Jurai.  Soon 
peace and order will return to the galaxy.
Sasami (takes over at the podium): Ayeka is right.  Peace and order 
shall return to the galaxy.  (pauses) But let the whole galaxy 
remember the terrible cost in lives, money, hopes and dreams...

	Galaxy Police cruiser, high orbit over Jurai.  We see Kusari 
in a prison cell...

Reporter (on Jurai):  Here come the Guardians Azaka and Kamidake, my 
look how shiny they are!
Jailer (watching TV): Man, do they look silly. (sips cola container)
Woman: Ahem.
Jailer (turns head and sees Kiyone and Mihoshi are standing in front of
him): Oh!  I thought you were on Jurai! (places container on desk)
Kiyone: Well, we can't be in 2 places at once.
Mihoshi: We are here to transfer the prisoner. (holding clipboard)  
Jailer (looking at papers): But the transfer isn't for another 47 hours!
Kiyone: Do you always believe the paperwork?
Jailer: Well, I guess I shouldn't.  
Mihoshi (handing him a folder): Here are the correct ones.
Jailer (looks at the papers): Well everything is in order.  (picks up 
keychain) Cell 743 is this one...
Reporter (on Jurai): Here are the Galaxy Police officers Mihoshi 
Kuramitsu and Kiyone Makibi...
Jailer (dawning on him): Wait you're ... AGHHH.
	Mihoshi has just shot him with her gun.  He is trapped against
the wall in an energy net.
Kiyone: Did you have to that, Fundo?
Mihoshi/Fundo: Did you want him to blow our cover, Tsuki?
Kiyone/Tsuki: No.  Grab the keys and let's go.
	Mihoshi/Fundo takes the keys from the jailer's hand.
Kusari (at cell entrance): It's about time.
Kiyone/Tsuki (holding package): Sorry, Lord Yomi has reassigned us.
Mihoshi/Fundo (opens cell): Here's your package.
	Kusari picks up several strange devices and puts them on.
Kiyone/Tsuki: Wear these. (handing her a pair of handcuffs)
Mihoshi/Fundo (checking watch): Quick, the net lasts only 30 more 
seconds.
Kusari (wearing handcuffs): Let's go.
	The three walk pass the Jailer who in still trapped in the 
energy net.
Jailer (yelling): Stop!  Those aren't Mihoshi and Kiyone!  They're 
taking Kusari back to the Hanbatsu!  Stop them!
Kiyone/Tsuki (picks up yoyo): Sorry, but you're becoming quite a 
problem.  (she slams the yoyo on his head) WHAM!!!
Mihoshi/Fundo: And you said I was violent.
Kiyone/Tsuki: He won't be a problem anymore.  Let's move out.

	Meanwhile on Jurai, Tenchi is giving a speech on how wonderful
Jurai is.  Washu and Admiral Hitoshi seemed bored out of their minds.  
Everyone else seems captivated with his speech.

Admiral Hitoshi (whispering to Washu): Do speeches always take this long?
Washu (whispering back): Only when they're boring.
Tenchi (at podium): ... so, um ... to conclude, Jurai is a unique planet,
with uh ... very tall trees, which makes it quite special.  Thank you.
	The whole crowd below starts cheering, the council members clap.
Councilmember Konichi (takes over at podium): Thank you for showing 
your support for the Juraian Empire.  Jurai will defeat the Hanbatsu, 
it is our destiny, it is our right! (crowd cheers) May Tsunami guide us...
	Overhead, wave after wave of Juraian and Galaxy Police fighters 
fly in perfect formation.  The crowds and council members start 
cheering and clapping.

	Galaxy Police cruiser, over Jurai.
Officer (holding clipboard): Taking off?
Kiyone/Tsuki (holding ID card): Yes.  I'd like one shuttle, please.
Kusari: No, please don't transfer me.
Mihoshi/Fundo: Please be quiet or I'll have to detain you.
Officer (checking papers): Give a sec. (answers flashing button on 
control panel) Yes.  I see.
Kiyone/Tsuki: Any problems?
Officer: Just one.  (raises gun)  You're under arrest!
Mihoshi/Fundo (also raises gun): Damn! Tsuki, take Kusari and get 
out of here!
Kiyone/Tsuki (creates energy sword): I never leave anyone behind! 
(she lunges at the officer)
	The officer is quickly overpowered and Tsuki, Kusari and Fundo 
steal one of the shuttles.

	On Jurai, the same moment.
Mitsuki (flying in her fighter): Repeat, commander?
Commander (on Liberty): Enter high orbit.  Look for escaping ships!
Mitsuki: All squadron members, pull up and look for a ship trying to 
escape!
	Then in the dozens of waves of ships, one Galaxy Police squadron
 pulls up while still keeping perfect formation.
Admiral Watara (on ground): What's going on?
Ayeka: I guess it's part of the show.

 	Jurai, several hours later.  Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, Admiral Watara, Admiral Yasunori, Admiral 
Hitoshi and several other important figures are seated in the Royal 
Juraian War room.  They are watching on a large holo screen.

Reporter (on Galaxy Police cruiser): So the Hanbatsuian agents, 
disguised to look like Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi, have escaped 
with agent Kusari of the Hanbatsu.  A brief firefight ensued, however, 
the shuttle escaped.  This is Ronald Wiley for the Galaxy Police News 
at Noon.
Announcer: This is GPNN.
Ayeka (annoyed): Turn it off.  (the screen turns off) So Admiral 
Atsushi, what is our status?
Admiral Atsushi: As you can see, I have deployed my armada in a 
similar fashion to the way I had deployed it for when you tried to 
enter Jurai.  Of course, we let you get through.
Ayeka : Of course, Admiral.
Ryoko: You!  You almost killed me! (teleports across the table, grabs 
the Admiral) I should do the same to you! (she makes a fist)
Tenchi (stands up): Ryoko!  What's done is done, we have more important
matters to worry about.
Ryoko (lets go of fist, and drops the Admiral): Ok.  But only because 
I believe you've learned your lesson.  (she teleports to the other side
of the table and sits down)
Admiral Atsushi (gasping for air): Yes... yes... I have.
Ayeka: With that matter settled, have the Galaxy Police chosen which 
admiral will lead there fleet?
Admiral Yasunori (she stands up): Yes, we have.  We have chosen 
Admiral Watara.
Ayeka: Has the Holy Council sent requests to our allies to enter 
the war?
General Hiroki (mumbles): I don't see why we can't prove to the 
galaxy that Jurai doesn't need any help.
Ayeka: General, as much as we value your opinion, the Hanbatsuians 
have massed over 50% of their armed forces to invade Jurai.  If we 
fall, our allies must be willing to help recapture the capital.
General Hiroki: Who needs allies?
Washu: I've analyzed the reports just like you asked.  And all I can 
say is that the claims about the Wakizashi technology have some 
fact in them.
Ayeka: Please explain.
Washu (types on keyboard, an image of a Hanbatsu ship appears): 
The Wakizashi is placed on a rotating turret here. (points to 
the top of the ship) The gun can overpower the shields of almost 
any ship.  I think the Light Hawk Wings can deflect the energy, or 
at least absorb it.  (the image disappears)
Admiral Atsushi: You're guessing!
Washu: I can't be certain.  Without a proper inspection of the 
technology, I cannot confirm anything.
Ayeka: Thank you, Miss Washu.  General Hiroki, do you have a question?
General Hiroki: Yes, I propose that the Galaxy Police force be under 
independent control on the condition that the battle plan shall be 
drawn up by we Juraians.
Admiral Watara (slams fist on desk): Now that's unacceptable!
General Hiroki: I know that I may have a prejudice against other 
races, yet I find this the only fair way to win this war.
Ayeka: Now gentlemen, we will go with General Hiroki's plan on the 
condition that the Galaxy Police can issue changes depending on the 
situation.
General Hiroki: Very well.
Admiral Watara: I agree as well.
Tenchi: Empress, what shall the rest of us do?
Ayeka: Good question.  We shall stay here on Jurai and stop any 
occupying forces.
Alderman: Empress, I hate to bring this up, however the Royal Tree 
has lost over 75% of its leaves.
Ayeka: I know.  Washu do you have an answer?
Washu: I checked the Royal Tree and all I can say is that it looks 
healthy.  It might be dying of its own free will.
Sasami: Maybe the tree is losing its will to live, because of the 
other dead trees.
Admiral Atsushi: How did you know that!
Sasami: I read some reports recently, and all I can say for certain 
is that every time the Hanbatsu occupy a planet, they destroy the 
tree facilities.
Ayeka: Interesting.  Have special operations look into it.
Ryoko: If all we do is talk, nothing is going to get done.  Let's get 
rolling with our plans!
Messenger (running into room): The Hanbatsu fleet is attacking 
platform 4764.
Ayeka: Very well, Admirals, Generals I leave the forces of Jurai 
in your hands.

	Hanbatsuian 1st fleet, around the fleet a great battle is 
taking place.  Fighters are darting in and out between the 
superstructures of Juraian and Hanbatsuian ships.

General Tanto (aboard his command ship): Turn 25 degrees to port, 
enemy carrier headed this way.
Soldier (aboard Tanto's ship): Incoming message from Lord Yomi!
General Tanto: Play it!  It must be urgent!!
Lord Yomi (appearing on holo screen, flickering): To all generals 
and admirals, charge up the Wakizashi guns!  We end this battle 
now! (the flickering image disappears) 
General Tanto: Charge the gun!
	The Hanbatsuian ships begin to turn the guns into position.  
Admiral Miyamoto (on communication link): General Tanto, I've 
selected the battle ship Bright Hope! Will you cover me?
General Tanto (yelling): Turn the Wakizashi gun 78 degrees to 
aft!  Launch remaining fighters.
	Slowly the Hanbatsu fleet moves in towards the picket line 
of Juraian battleships.
Juraian admiral (aboard Juraian flagship Bright Hope): Attention all 
ships, evasive maneuvers!
	Slowly the picket line breaks up.
Juraian pilot (inside fighter): Captain Sagami!  Bandits, 3 of them 
behind us!
Sagami (inside fighter): Pull up!  (his ship pulls up just in time 
avoiding several missiles) 	  
Pilot2 (noticing something): Sagami!  Landing transports!  (points 
towards the platform, which is receiving some uninvited guests)
Platform commander (over communications link): We are under attack!
Open Light Hawk Wings, all Juraian ships stay clear!
	The circular platform opens up with three energy blades, a 
Hanbatsu battle ship launching transports is immediately sliced in 
2 parts.  The platform now resembles a pinwheel.  Another Hanbatsu
cruiser is about to hit another blade.
Hanbatsu Admiral (aboard ship, sweating to death): Move the ship out 
of the way!
Soldier (also aboard ship): We can't stop!!! AGHhhh! 
	BOOOM!
	The ship is sliced right through the center.  
Sagami: The platform's safe, let's get those fighters!

	Imperial War room, planet Jurai.  Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Admiral 
Watara, Admiral Hitoshi, Admiral Yasunori, General Hiroki, Admiral 
Yatsushi and several others are watching a 3 dimensional holographic 
representation of the battle in the center of the room.  Communications 
are being played, to get a further understanding of the battle. 

Admiral Hitoshi (excited): Chalk one up for the good guys!
Ayeka (to General Hiroki): Why haven't our battleships used the Light 
Hawk Wings?
Washu (pointing towards the center of the hologram): Look! 
	The Hanbatsu ships begin to fire large blasts of energy all over 
the place.  One by one Juraian ships disappear from the map.
Admiral Atsushi: Get them out of there!
Juraian admiral (at the front): This is the Bright Hope requesting 
orders!  Look out... (static)
	The platform however has become the new target of the Hanbatsu.

	Platform 4764, Juraian space
Sagami (in fighter): Protect the platform! (his ship dives into a wave 
of Hanbatsu fighters)
Juraian pilot: Sagami, the orders are to pull back and regroup!
Sagami (disbelief): We can't lose...
Juraian pilot: No time to talk!  Withdraw! 
	The Juraian ships slowly begin to leave the front.  
Platform commander (explosions all around him): Evacuate the ship!
Gunner (aboard Platform, abandoning post): Commander, aren't you 
coming?
Platform commander (strange tone in voice): You go, I'll give you 
enough time to leave.
	
	Imperial War room, Admiral Atsushi is grabbing his head.

Admiral Atsushi (angry): Why are they leaving!  We still hold a 
two-thirds majority!
Admiral Watara (pointing at the Kodo-ha): It's preparing to fire.
Ayeka: Well Washu, let's see if you're right.
	The hologram of the Kodo-ha fires a Wakizashi blast at the 
platform.  The Light Hawk Wings close to absorb the blast, after 
much crackling of energy the Wakizashi blast disappears.
General Hitoshi: It worked.
Commander (pointing): By all that is right in the world...
	The platform suddenly breaks apart, and explodes.
Platform commander (over comlink): This is platform 4764, we have 
successfully absorbed the blast, those guns aren't so... (static)
Ayeka (leaving room): I've seen enough.
Sasami (worried): Ayeka... (chases after her)
Admiral Atsushi (to general Hiroki): Well general, let's plan.

	Jurai later that night.

Tenchi (walking down hallway): Hey Kamidake, have you seen Ayeka?
Guardian Kamidake: I saw her enter the room on your right.
Tenchi (running inside): Thanks.
	Tenchi runs down a short hallway and opens a set of doors.  On 
the other side is a large room with many trees of all shapes and sizes 
inside.  Ayeka is sitting near the ledge of one of the platforms.  
She appears to be crying.
Tenchi (walking up to Ayeka): What's wrong?
Ayeka (sobbing): Lord Tenchi...
Tenchi: What?
Ayeka: Don't you see what's going on?
Tenchi (noticing Ayeka is holding a leaf): What's that?
Ayeka: This is from the tree where the Royal Palace is located.  Our 
studies have shown that it is probably the first Royal Tree, making 
it Tsunami.
Tenchi (sitting beside Ayeka): That's not it, is it?
Ayeka: Lord Tenchi, promise me one thing, should the end come we'll 
meet in here and die together... (starts sobbing harder)
Tenchi: Oh, Ayeka... (places his arm to comfort her) Everything will 
work out, it always does.
Ayeka (sobbing): It's not that simple... if the Royal Palace is 
Tsunami...
Tenchi: Go on...
Ayeka: ... then Tsunami is losing the will to live... Jurai has 
lost... I thought I could rule Jurai just like my father.  However, 
things are different.  Please Tsunami, don't forsake Jurai... 
Tenchi: Oh, Ayeka...
	The pair sit silently, watching the trees sway back and forth 
in the artificial breeze.

	Late night meeting, War Room on the Kodo-ha

Lord Yomi (aboard Kodo-ha): The way to Jurai is open.  Admirals and 
generals, in the battle ahead should anything happen to me, I want you 
to act accordingly.
General Tanto (aboard Kodo-ha): What could happen?  The Juraians have 
felt the power of our technology.
Lord Yomi: Our technology may be superior, yet their will is stronger.
At any rate, soon the final battle shall take place.

	Late night meeting, War Room of the Juraian War council

Councilman Konichi (yelling): Order, keep order here!  (pounds gavel) 
General Hitoshi, your plan, please.
General Hitoshi (standing): Finally.  (clears throat) Our plan 
(a hologram appears of the Juraian system) is to engage the Hanbatsu 
out here. (points to an area outside of the first defensive shield) 
The fleet will have maximum space while remaining within range of 
Jurai's shields.  Yes, Empress.
Ayeka (sitting in center chair): General, your plan is fascinating, 
but what if the Hanbatsu were to break through the fleet?
General Hitoshi: The rest of the fleet will be deployed here.  
(points to location behind the second defensive shield) If the 
Hanbatsu do break through, we shall engage them behind the shields.
Ayeka: Excellent plan general, any questions?
Admiral Yasunori: What do you plan to counter the Wakizashi guns?
Admiral Atsushi: We shall rely on the shields and Tsunami to guide us 
through the trouble ahead.
Ayeka: General Hitoshi, you are to stay on the planet to conduct 
regional defense, I shall go up in space with my command ship.
General Hitoshi: Empress Ayeka, you can't go engage the Hanbatsu.  
If you were to die...
Ayeka: That is the chance I am willing to take.
Tenchi: If you go, I'll come as well.
Ryoko: Well, it's a better plan than staying here.
General Hitoshi: I will not stay here on Jurai, Empress you must allow 
me the honor of fighting beside you.
Ayeka: Very well, general. (she stands up) Thank you everyone, get some 
sleep, and see you tomorrow.
	There is quiet talking from officials and council members.

	Early morning, Juraian fleet at high orbit, exiting the 1st 
defensive barrier.

Ayeka (onboard her command ship Azusa): All ships prepare to depart.
Sagami (onboard Juraian fighter): 73rd squadron, move out.
Admiral Watara (on board the Liberty): Prepare to follow the Juraian 
fleet.
	Slowly, ships of all sizes and shapes begin to move out, 
fighters dart in and out like bees.
Mitsuki (on board GP class fighter): All fighters check in.
Togawa (in fighter1): Togawa checking in, all systems functional.
Takeshi (onboard fighter2): Takeshi here, everything is go.
Naoko (onboard fighter3): Naoko here, shields charged and set.
Kiyone (onboard Yagami): Yagami is fully operational, Admiral.
Yukinojo: Glad to see that they could find enough spare parts.
Yagami: Do you want me to shoot you down?
Mihoshi (onboard Yukinojo, high-pitched voice): Please, stop fighting.
Admiral Hitoshi (onboard Freedom): Stop arguing, there'll be plenty to 
shoot at when the attack force arrives.
Ayeka: Washu, do you see anything?
Washu (in Juraian war room): Negative. (taps keyboard) Wait, enemy 
force dropping out of sub space, sector 462.
Ayeka: General, please command the fleet.
General Hiroki (onboard Azusa): Move out.  One ship capture and hold 
that ship, the others destroy it.
	As the fleet flies further from Jurai, the first of several 
Hanbatsu battle cruisers become visible.
Hanbatsu Admiral (onboard Hanbatsu ship): A welcoming committee, how 
nice.  Fire at will!
Ayeka: All ships engage as you please.
	The fighters dart out from the protective cover of their mother 
ships.  The fighters race towards each other...
Mitsuki: Here we go.  Engage! (she fires several laser rounds, they 
hit the Hanbatsu fighter) I hit one!
Naoko: 2 more fighters coming in at port.
Kiyone: Yagami, cover Yukinojo, fire at those two ships behind her!
Yagami: Yes, Kiyone.  (Yagami fires several rounds, destroying both 
pursuing ships)
Mihoshi (ship shaking): Oh, why do they always shoot at me?
Juraian Pilot (ship shaking): I can't shake them! (BOOM!!)
General Hiroki (asking Ayeka): The first enemy ship is within range, 
do you want me to capture it? (Ayeka nods her head)
	The Hanbatsu cruiser slows down and stops as 2 rows of logs form
a circular formation around it.  The 3 Juraian ships surround it and 
pump it full of laser fire.
Kiyone: Something's not right here. (however, she has no time to think 
about it as Yagami enters a dive towards the disabled cruiser) Yagami, 
fire a torpedo!
	Yagami fires a torpedo onto the ship, which explodes on the side 
of the cruiser.  Kiyone notices that the Wakizashi gun is slowly turning.  
Kiyone (on comlink): Mitsuki, can you take out the Wakizashi gun?
Mitsuki (on comlink, explosions are rocking her fighter): I'll try.  
Togawa, Naoko!  Cover me on the pass.
Togawa (flying his ship to the left of Mitsuki's ship): I'm in 
position.
Naoko (flying into formation with the other 2 ships): The gun is 
preparing to fire!
Hanbatsu Admiral (aboard the disabled cruiser): Fire the gun!
	The gun fires at the closest Juraian battleship, however the 
Light Hawk Wings suddenly appear.
Tenchi (aboard the Azusa): Ayeka, do you think the wings will work?
	The blast is absorbed by the wings, which then branch out and 
split the Hanbatsu ship in half.
General Hiroki: Prepare to capture another ship!
Ayeka: Your plan is working, general.  Well done.
Mitsuki (over intercom): We've got problems here!
Ayeka: What's going on?
Washu (high static): Another Hanbatsu force is entering the area, 
they're going for the gap in the shields from where the fleet is 
coming!
General Hiroki: WE MUST PULL BACK!!! (The Juraian fleet slowly begins 
to turn around)
Admiral Watara: What are you doing?
General Hiroki: Jurai is threatened, all ships pull back.
Admiral Watara: We can't, we're too far out.
Ayeka: General, don't tell me you're going to leave the Galaxy Police 
force outside.
General Hiroki: We have no choice.  There are not enough ships to hold 
off the Hanbatsu.
Admiral Watara (static as the Juraian ships are further away from the 
Galaxy Police): Wait for us!!!
General Hiroki (sighs): Status on arrival.
Soldier (aboard Azusa): Juraian fleet 10 minutes, Hanbatsu 12 minutes, 
the Galaxy Police 15 minutes.
General Hiroki: We have no choice, raise the shields after we enter.
Ayeka (she stands up): General, you are unfit to run the fleet 
operations. Guards!  Take general Hiroki away from the bridge.
Guardian Azaka (to general Hiroki): Please come with us.
Guardian Kamidake (beside Azaka): We must escort you off the bridge.
General Hiroki: Wh-Why? (he begins to leave the bridge)
Ayeka: You are willing to lose the Galaxy Police in order to protect 
Jurai.  Your personal hatred of non-Juraians has clouded your vision.  
Return when you are ready to place aside your prejudices.   
Admiral Watara (cut to bridge of the Liberty): Change in plans, 
everyone return behind the shields!
Mitsuki (to squadron): All ships retreat!
	The Juraian ships already behind the shields begin to shoot 
wildly as Hanbatsu fighters begin to fly through the hole in the 
shields.  Slowly the Galaxy Police force reenters Juraian held space.  
Ayeka (yelling): Close the shields!
Kiyone (onboard Yagami): Wait, some fighters are still outside!
Ayeka (to comlink): Close the shields on my mark...
	The few remaining GP fighters enter the hole, weaving to avoid 
the Hanbatsu ships firing everything they got.  The Hanbatsu ships 
suddenly slam into the shields and explode into thousands of pieces.
Ayeka: Call all members of the General Staff, we must rethink our plans.

	Hanbatsu force outside of Juraian first line of defense, 
Lord Yomi is talking to his admirals and generals over holo net.  
He is aboard the Kodo-ha. 

Lord Yomi (aboard Kodo-ha): Our plan is working.  However, Empress 
Ayeka is now commanding the fleet.  (pauses) All ships charge the 
Wakizashi guns to maximum power!
General Tanto (on screen): Is this wise?
Lord Yomi: The shields will fall one way or another.  All other 
ships begin general bombardment of the shields.

	Juraian war room aboard the Azusa.  Ayeka, Tenchi, Ryoko, 
Ryo-Oh-Ki, Washu are present in the room.  Admirals and generals 
are present on various screens.

Juraian Admiral (on a screen): I must protest!  This plan is 
nothing more than sheer suicide!
Ayeka (sitting on throne): We've run out of options, we must enter
the Kodo-ha.  We might create enough of a problem to allow the fleet 
to destroy the Hanbatsu.
Admiral Watara (on another screen): However, the Kodo-ha is protected
by a strong shield system.  
Washu (standing in corner of room): The shield cannot stay up forever, 
perhaps if enough firepower were to hit it...
Admiral Hitoshi (on another screen): Guess work!  We could lose more 
than enough ships, just trying to attack the Kodo-ha.
Washu: Well, we know that the Kodo-ha is adding something very special
to the Wakizashi gun.
Tenchi (stands up): I believe in Ayeka's plan.
Ryoko: I hate to say this, but I think Ayeka is right.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
Admiral Atsushi (on screen): I've never said no to the Emperor or 
Empress before...
Washu (typing on laptop): What?  (yelling) Everybody brace for impact!!
(she dives under the table)
Puppet A: Get down! (peeking from under the table)
Puppet B: Listen to Washu! (peeking from the other side)
	Everybody dives under the desk.  The screens that fill the room 
suddenly disappear.  A large crashing sound followed by an explosion 
surrounds the room.
Ayeka (under table): What happened?
Washu (typing): The shields are down!  
Tenchi (trying to stand up): On the Kodo-ha?
Washu (typing faster): Worse.  The Kodo-ha has lost shields and Jurai 
has also lost shields.
Admiral Atsushi (appears on a screen): The first lines of defensive 
shields have been destroyed!  The other lines are losing power rapidly!
(typing) Second and third lines are now disabled! All the shields are 
down!
Ayeka (stands up): Attention all general staff, open the Light Hawk 
Wings on all ships (adjusts crown).  We are now the last line of 
defense for Jurai.  (to Ryoko) Get Ryo-Oh-Ki ready, we're going to 
visit the Hanbatsu.

	Jurai that same moment

Sasami (running to control room): Uncle, what happened?
Uncle: The shields are down...
Alderman: Jurai has lost.
Sasami: No, Ayeka and Tenchi are up there, they'll fight until we win.
Uncle: Sasami, Ayeka just sent me a message, she is going to board the 
Kodo-ha.
Sasami (gasps): I'll be back! (she runs off)
Uncle (chasing after her): Sasami!

	Every single fighter squadron and ship around Jurai are now 
facing the Hanbatsu fleet, Ryo-Oh-Ki is being escorted by a wing of 
Galaxy Police fighters and a wing of Juraian fighters.  Yagami is 
escorting Yukinojo.

Yukinojo (to Mihoshi): Why are there so many people inside of me? 
Mihoshi (aboard Yukinojo): Well, (motions to Tenchi and Ayeka) 
Tenchi and Ayeka need a lift to the Kodo-ha.  These Juraian special 
soldiers (motioning to back of cockpit) need to protect Ayeka.  And 
those (motioning to far back) Galaxy Police operatives are going to 
help secure the docking bay.
Yukinojo (sweatdrop): Mihoshi, please read to me the maximum 
occupancy sign.
Mihoshi (straining to find it): OH, here it is.  Maximum occupancy 
10.
Yukinojo: Do you know how many people are in the ship?
Mihoshi: Uh, nope.
Yukinojo: Never mind.
Tenchi (straining to reach the front): Sorry, Yukinojo.
Sagami (inside his Juraian fighter): Approaching the Hanbatsu fleet, 
keep your eyes open.
Togawa (aboard GP fighter): Enemy squadron, section 362!
Naoko (aboard GP fighter): Another one, sector 642!
Mitsuki (aboard GP fighter): Split up and engage!
	The Galaxy Police fighters break up into pairs.  Mitsuki places 
her ship into a dive, to take out a torpedo boat attacking Yagami.
Kiyone (aboard Yagami): Yagami, incoming!
Mitsuki: I got it.  (several laser blasts and the Hanbatsu ship 
explodes) Piece of cake!
Takeshi (ship rocking violently): I can't shake him.  (continues to 
swing ship left and right) My shields are out!
Naoko (out of nowhere): Watch out, Takeshi! (her ship fires a missile
at the enemy ship) My, my how the hunter becomes the hunted.
Ryoko (aboard Ryo-Oh-Ki): Mihoshi, the fighters are occupied.  Let's 
go.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia!
	Ryo-Oh-Ki and Yukinojo make a dive towards the Kodo-ha, a 
fighter appears but Ryo-Oh-Ki quickly changes that.  The Kodo-ha 
fires lasers and missiles all over the place.  Ryo-Oh-Ki and 
Yukinojo roll and weave to avoid being hit.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia, myia, myia.
Ryoko (aboard Ryo-Oh-Ki, steering): Just a little farther.
	Ryo-Oh-Ki and Yukinojo fly near the hull of the Kodo-ha.  
Gunners try desperately to shoot them down, yet they keep on 
advancing.  The Galaxy Police and Juraian fighters make the job 
more difficult by attacking the ship with bombs and torpedoes.
Togawa (entering dive): Anyone out there to cover me?
Sagami (flies next to him): I'll do it.
	Togawa and Sagami's ships enter a dive, the latter firing laser 
blasts at the Kodo-ha.  Togawa's ship nears close enough to launch a 
bomb. 
Togawa (looking at bomb): Bull's eye!  (explosion) I am the best!
Sagami (over speaker): Pay attention, Togawa!
Togawa (turns head forward, just in time to see the Hanbatsu fighter 
fire a laser blast at his ship): Ahhhhh! (BOOM!)
Naoko: Togawa! (she follows the ship that shot Togawa down and fires 
a volley of lasers into its hull until it explodes)
Ryoko: We're entering the hangar bay, cover us!
Mihoshi (panicking): Ahhh! (Yukinojo flies right into the hangar bay 
of the Kodo-ha for a perfect landing, Ryo-Oh-Ki follows)

	Galaxy Police command ship the Liberty, Washu is on the screen 
with Admiral Watara.

Admiral Watara (aboard Liberty): The enemy is starting to move 
forward, Professor Washu (on screen):  Will they fire the Wakizashi 
guns again?
Washu: Yup.  (typing) In fact, right now! (disappears from screen)
Admiral Watara (yelling to staff): Brace for impact! 
	The silvery blue shots of the Wakizashi guns hit the Juraian 
ships with incredible force, several are destroyed and others break 
apart.  However, the blasts cause all of the Juraian Light Hawk Wings 
to disappear.
Admiral Hitoshi (appears on screen): Well, the Light Hawk Wings are 
gone... Now its time for my game, fight to win!
Admiral Watara (sighs): We have no choice.  (turns on holo net to all 
ships)  This is Admiral Watara of the Galaxy Police battleship Liberty,
we are moving out!  I suggest you do the same. (closes transmission) 
Admiral Yasunori (appears on a screen): Let's go have some fun!
Admiral Atsushi (on com link): This is Admiral Atsushi of the Juraian 
fleet, we are going to join you.
General Hitoshi (also over com link): I'm sorry for not apologizing, 
but I have to visit the Hanbatsu in combat.
Admiral Watara: Move out!

	Hangar bay of the Kodo-ha, a fierce firefight is underway.  
Ryoko, in her battle clothes, dives on a mech. She stabs her energy 
sword through its head.  Tenchi, in Juraian battle armor, is using the
Tenchiken.  Ayeka, also in battle armor, is uppercutting a soldier.  
Mihoshi is using a really big bazooka.  The guardians are rolling on 
their sides to trip the soldiers and robots.  Other soldiers are 
fighting with each other.

Ryoko (flying above the action): Fools.  (she dives and destroys 
several robots with her sword)
GP operative (Being overpowered by a Hanbatsu soldier) : Help!
Ayeka (giving the Hanbatsu a new definition of nutcracker): There.
Tenchi (slicing several robots): That's all of them!
Mihoshi (gun fires): Whoops.  (a piece of the ceiling falls on a still 
operational robot) Never mind. (to Ayeka) What do we do now?
Ayeka: Take Yukinojo with the operatives, soldiers, and Ryo-Oh-Ki and 
get out of here.
Juraian soldier (holding arm): But Empress...
Ayeka: The time for us to save Jurai is now, I'll give you a signal to 
get us out of here.  Now go.    
Guardian Azaka: Would you like us to leave as well?
Guardian Kamidake: Empress?
Ayeka: No.  You'll come with us.  I need you to look for traps.
	The groups begin to split up.

	On Jurai, Sasami is in front of the Royal Tree praying.

Sasami (tears streaking down her face): Tsunami, please give Ayeka and 
Tenchi your blessing... (hears something)  Who's there?
Uncle (approaching): Just me.
Sasami (wiping away tears): Oh, Uncle.  
Uncle (kneeling beside Sasami): Room for 2 to pray?
Sasami: I guess that's all that's left.
	The Royal Tree now has very few leaves remaining.

	Hanbatsu command ship the Kodo-ha, Lord Yomi's throne room.  It 
is a large room with curtains on one side and black walls on the other.
Large maps of the spaceship battle decorate the other walls in the 
room, Lord Yomi is sitting on his throne. Explosions can be heard 
outside.  

Lord Yomi (thinking): Soon they shall be in here.  (pushes button)  
Time until we can fire the Wakizashi gun again?
Man (answering on intercom): 7 minutes and counting.
Lord Yomi: Very well.  Tell the gunners to concentrate on the 
Juraian ships in the meanwhile.  (releases the button, and stands 
up) Well, aren't you going to introduce yourselves?
Ayeka (appears from darkness): I am Ayeka, the Empress of Jurai.  
Lord Yomi, I request that you have some compassion for the millions
on Jurai and halt your advance now.
Lord Yomi: I'm afraid I'll have to ask you the same.
Tenchi (standing beside Ayeka): Why, Lord Yomi?
Ryoko (standing beside Tenchi): He's a nut ball Tenchi.  Plain and 
simple.
Lord Yomi (stands up): I'm not crazy.  I'm just doing what is right 
for the galaxy.  (to Ayeka) You, Empress, are the one who is mad.  
Running away from home so long, you know your parents awfully miss you.
Ayeka (angry): And what should you know! (leaps at him and gives him 
a force punch into the chest, Lord Yomi goes flying)
Ryoko: That's it, Ayeka!  You show him!
Lord Yomi (getting up): Unfortunately, if I die, Jurai dies with me.
  (creates energy sword) You know that if I don't defeat you, the 
Wakizashi gun will.  (Waves hand, the curtains drop and reveal the 
planet Jurai in the center.  Galaxy Police and Juraian spaceships 
are flying all over, shooting Hanbatsu fighters and cruisers that 
are ahead of the Kodo-ha)  See, Jurai is about to get the largest 
present since the arrival of Tsunami.  All thanks to this.  
(Waves hand, the panels behind them drop to reveal a tree with many 
wires coming out of it)
Ayeka: A royal tree!
Lord Yomi: No.  This is a Hanbatsu tree, the energy in it is more 
than enough to power the gun.  (notices how angry Ayeka looks) I 
thought you'd be happy, since I borrowed from your example.  Using 
trees to power spaceships, what a novel idea.  Novel indeed.
Ayeka: Lord Yomi, this is the last chance for you to surrender your 
forces properly.
Lord Yomi: I cannot. (lunges with sword toward Tenchi) Ah, the 
legendary boy who saved Jurai.  See if you can save yourself.
Tenchi (blocking every blow): You're crazy! (slashes at Lord Yomi's 
chest, but misses) 
Lord Yomi: You are quite good.  (raises other hand, he fires an 
energy blast into Tenchi's chest, he flies across the room, Ryoko 
catches him)
Ryoko (placing Tenchi on the ground): You monster! (jumps up and 
lunges towards Lord Yomi, her sword drawn) Take this!!
	While Ryoko and Lord Yomi fight, Ayeka jumps behind Lord Yomi 
and punches him.  The guardians Azaka and Kamidake land next to Tenchi,
shielding him from debris.
Lord Yomi: Agh. Two against one?  Not very fair, are we? 
Ayeka (moving aside): Destroying the lives of millions? Are you fair?
Lord Yomi (dodging Ryoko's sword): Well, you are quite something, 
aren't you Empress?  Enslaving large parts of the known universe, and 
you call me unfair.  (Lord Yomi falls over, Ryoko points her sword at 
Lord Yomi's head)
Ryoko: You've lost.  
Lord Yomi: I told you, I've won! (swings his sword and knocks Ryoko 
halfway across the room) You misfits saved Jurai? You can't even save 
yourselves!  (turns around to see Ayeka about to punch him)
Ayeka: Save yourself! (WHAM!)
	Lord Yomi flies across the room.  He lands near his throne.  
His energy sword disappears.  Tenchi begins to stir.
Guardian Kamidake: Are you alright?
Tenchi (getting up): I'm fine. (picks up the Tenchiken) 
Ryoko (firing energy blasts from the air): Damn, he's too strong. 
AHHH! (Lord Yomi hits Ryoko with an energy net, she falls to the ground)
Tenchi (running over to Ryoko): Ryoko! (turns to face Lord Yomi) 
You'll pay for that.
Ayeka (dodging Lord Yomi's energy blast): Be careful, Lord Tenchi! 
(she falls)
Lord Yomi (smirks, places hand over button): Goodbye Jurai, from 
the powers given to me, I stab at thee... huh.  (Tenchi is standing 
in front of him with the Tenchiken pointed at his throat)
Tenchi: Don't push that button!
Lord Yomi: You are something else, you're willing to give your life 
for these... women.
Tenchi: I'd rather die knowing I tried, rather than knowing I failed.
Lord Yomi: Let's raise the stakes. (points hand at Ayeka) Kill me and
the Empress of Jurai will die.  If you save her, then Jurai is lost. 
(Tenchi pauses a moment, he lunges to move Ayeka out of the way)
Lord Yomi: Very well. (he hits the button)

	Juraian command ship the Azusa

General Hiroki (aboard the Azusa): The enemy is trying to break through
sector 39695!  Send help!
Washu (aboard the Azusa): General, look!  (points) The Kodo-ha is 
firing the Wakizashi gun! 
General Hiroki (regretfully): This looks like the end.

	On Jurai at that moment

Uncle: Sasami!
Sasami (she is turning pale white): What's going on? (she is now 
almost transparent)

	The blue light of the bolt of energy streaks towards an 
undefended Jurai.  Everything slows down, then out of nowhere a 
spaceship appears.  It absorbs the energy of the blast, then opens 
the Ten Wings of the Light Hawk!

Ayeka (aboard Kodo-ha): It's Tsunami!
Tenchi (turning head): Tsunami?
Lord Yomi (angrily): Tsunami!  (pushes button) Recharge the gun, order 
General Tanto to fire his in the meantime. (releases the button)  Well 
boy, Tsunami may protect Jurai... (creates energy sword)

	Meanwhile on Jurai

Alderman (running): What happened?  Where's Princess Sasami?
Uncle: She has disappeared.
Alderman (looking at Royal Tree): Tsunami, guide her well...
	The Royal tree loses another leaf.  Only three leaves remain on 
the tree.  

	Deep space above Jurai

Admiral Watara (aboard the Liberty): Incoming fighter squadron! Red 
wing, intercept at once!
Mitsuki (placing ship into dive): Acknowledged, command.  Takeshi,
Naoko, come with me.
Naoko (ship weaving to avoid fire): Takeshi is tied up, so it's just 
you and me.
Mitsuki: Just the women.
	Mitsuki and Naoko dive into the wave of Hanbatsu fighters, 
taking 3 out on the first pass.  The nearby Juraian battleship 
fires a volley of lasers into the formation, until it is shot down 
by the squadron of ships.
Juraian admiral (on com link): Mayday!  This is the battleship... 
(Static)  
Naoko: We're too late!
Kiyone (aboard Yagami): It's never too late! (Yagami fires a torpedo at
the Hanbatsu fighters)
Mihoshi (aboard Yukinojo): Wahhh! Wait for me! (Yukinojo fires several 
shots at a nearby Hanbatsu cruiser)
Admiral Hitoshi (aboard the Freedom): 2 more Hanbatsu battleships are 
entering the area at point 472.  Move to intercept!
	The Freedom moves within point blank range with the Hanbatsu 
battleship.  The two ships begin to exchange fire.

General Tanto (aboard Hanbatsu battleship): Damn!  Fire the Wakizashi 
gun at Tsunami! (explosion) Then turn it onto that Galaxy Police 
cruiser.
Soldier (aboard ship): General!  Is this wise?
General Tanto (trying to regain balance form explosion): Order, 
carriers 2 and 45 to get over here now!  (looks toward Tsunami) Open 
fire!

	The Wakizashi gun fires a silvery blue blast of energy at 
Tsunami, it is easily deflected, however the Light Hawk Wings begin 
to fade.

	Bridge of Tsunami, a reflecting wall is seen, Tsunami is 
looking straight out at the two warring fleets.  On the other side 
is Sasami whom is looking at Jurai.  

Sasami (turning around): What am I doing here?
Tsunami (turning around): You are on Tsunami, the flagship of the 
Juraian fleet.
Sasami (walking closer to the screen): And you are?
Tsunami (walking closer to screen): You are inside of myself.  For I 
am the image of Tsunami, the living side.
Sasami (confused): What?
Tsunami: I am more than a spaceship.  I represent the best part of 
Juraians.  The human part.
Sasami: Oh.
Tsunami: Sasami, you are here because you were selected for a special 
purpose... (the Wakizashi gun blast hits the Light Hawk Wings, Tsunami 
falls to her knees) Ungh...
Sasami (Banging head on reflecting wall): Tsunami!

	Meanwhile on Jurai

Alderman: Look!
	Another leaf falls off the tree.
Alderman: Two more leaves...
Uncle: Isn't there anything we can do?
Alderman: It is all up to Tsunami now.

	Bridge of the Kodo-ha, Lord Yomi is advancing towards Tenchi, 
who is protecting Ayeka.  Both Lord Yomi and Tenchi have swords drawn,
the Guardians Azaka and Kamidake are helping Ryoko.  She is trying to 
cut off the energy net.  Ayeka is trying to stand up.

Lord Yomi (advancing towards Tenchi): Well boy, Tsunami may protect 
Jurai, you may protect Empress Ayeka, however, who's going to protect 
you! (lunges towards Tenchi with sword)
Tenchi (raising sword to block): Ayeka, get out of here!
Ayeka (trying to stand): Lord Tenchi!
Tenchi (blocking, to Ayeka): Help, Ryoko!  Do (blocks energy blast)
 something!
Ayeka (getting up): You're right.  (punches Lord Yomi in the back of 
the head)  You'll pay for your evil deeds.  (Lord Yomi flies across 
the room)
Ryoko (trying to get up): Tenchi!  Can you help me get this net off!
Guardian Azaka (leans over): Here, let us help you.
Guardian Kamidake (starting to glow): Ready Azaka?
	Both Guardians start to glow, the net dissolves and Ryoko finally 
stands up.
Ryoko (wiping off dirt): Thanks.  (Tenchi flies across the room) Tenchi!
Tenchi (landing): Aaah!  I can't defeat him! (Ryoko appears beside him) 
Ryoko, be careful!
Guardian Azaka (appearing beside Tenchi): We'll handle him!
Guardian Kamidake (also appearing): Leave it to us!
	The Guardians charge towards Lord Yomi, only to be thrown into a 
neighboring wall.  
Guardian Kamidake (to Azaka): We've got to stop charging at everything... 
Guardian Azaka: Right.
Lord Yomi (standing beside throne): Well, this is the best Jurai has 
to offer.  Pitiful.  (pushes button) Well Empress, say goodbye to 
Tsunami.  Commander, fire the Wakizashi gun! (releases button)
	The Wakizashi gun slowly turns to target Tsunami.  All around, 
space ships are flying about, trying to gain an advantage over their 
opponents.  Battleships go on desperate slugfests.  No side appears to 
have the upper hand.

Washu (aboard Azusa): The Kodo-ha's energy is reaching critical 
levels!  You must attack it now!
Admiral Watara (on screen): The shields are still up!  We need 
more time!
General Hiroki (aboard Azusa, to staff): Anyone have a plan?
Admiral Hitoshi (on another screen): I do.
General Hiroki: Tell us, Admiral...

	Space over Jurai, fighters are desperately trying to prevent 
the Hanbatsu from attacking the surface of Jurai.

Takeshi (ship entering dive): Cover me, Mihoshi.
Mihoshi (aboard Yukinojo): Ok.  (Yukinojo enters a dive beside 
Takeshi's ship)
Takeshi (targeting the cruiser's bridge): Target locked.  Look for
enemy fighters.
Yukinojo (scanning): Two fighters, approaching angle 23.
	Mihoshi fires several shots, causing the Hanbatsu fighters to 
break off.  Takeshi fires a torpedo into the bridge of the Hanbatsu 
ship.
Hanbatsu commander (aboard ship): Ahhh!! (ship explodes)
Kiyone (aboard Yagami): What's our shield status?
Yagami: 63% over the entire ship, and climbing.
Kiyone (over intercom): Mitsuki, did you get the new orders yet?
Mitsuki (aboard GP fighter): Which ones?
Sagami (over intercom): Follow us and stand by.

	The Kodo-ha's Wakizashi gun has locked onto Tsunami.  

Sasami (aboard Tsunami): Can you stop it?
Tsunami (to Sasami): I'll try.  (pauses) Wait, I have a better idea...

	Bridge of the Kodo-ha

Lord Yomi (aboard bridge): Fire.
Ayeka (beside Tenchi, on bridge): No!

	Bridge of the Azusa

Washu: Now general!
General Hiroki: All ships attack!

	On Jurai

Alderman: This is the end.
Uncle (looks around): Look!

	Every tree on Jurai is glowing, and the energy beams are all 
being directed towards the Royal Tree.  The energy is then directed 
into space toward Tsunami.  Tsunami then fires a small beam towards 
the Kodo-ha.

	The bridge of the Azusa

General Hiroki (shielding eyes from the light): All ships ignore the 
light and continue attacking.
Washu (typing rapidly): Amazing!  The energy of the trees of Jurai is 
being channeled through Tsunami!

	The bridge of the Kodo-ha 

Lord Yomi: No, it can't be!
	Tenchi is floating a foot off the ground.  He has dropped the 
Tenchiken, he is hardly visible in the light.

	The blast finally hits Tsunami, she losses her concentration and 
the energy stops flowing.  The Light Hawk Wings disappear.

	The bridge of the Kodo-ha

Soldier (on intercom): We are under attack!  What are your orders?
Lord Yomi: Do not turn on the shields!  Repel them with everything 
we've got.  Reroute all available energy into weapons.  And recharge 
the Wakizashi gun! (to Tenchi) Amazing.  Tsunami has given you much 
power.  However, two can play that game.  (he waves his hand, his sword 
glows) I can tap into the power of my tree as well!
Tenchi (feet touching ground, his Juraian armor has been replaced with 
white armor): I've not been following Grandpa's advice.  (starts to 
concentrate)
Ryoko (to Tenchi): Tenchi?
Ayeka (pointing): Watch out!
	A blast of energy hits Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka with full force.  
Ayeka and Ryoko are blown to the sides.  Tenchi, however, is safe 
because of three energy blades that have appeared in front of him.
Lord Yomi (shocked): You're good, warrior.  Come and get me.
	Tenchi uses two of the blades to complete his outfit, he turns 
the third blade into a sword.  He begins to run towards Lord Yomi.
Tenchi (running): Yahh!!!
Ayeka: The Light Hawk Wings!
Ryoko (recreating energy sword): Tenchi! 
	Tenchi and Lord Yomi place their swords against each other.  
Crackling can be heard, sparks start flying.
Lord Yomi (concentrating): You... are ... quite... good...
Ryoko (joining Tenchi): So are you. (starts applying more force to 
her sword) Ayeka, we could use some help here!
	Ayeka, stunned, realizes what is going on.  She picks up the 
Tenchiken, and jumps to the top of the throne.  She lunges at Lord 
Yomi and slashes at his chest.
Lord Yomi (falling over into throne): AAAHHHHHh!!  (smirks) The Light 
Hawk Wings ... Tsunami, why did you chose him? 

	On Jurai

Alderman: One leaf remaining...

	Deep space over Jurai

Admiral Watara (aboard Liberty): Concentrate all firepower upon the 
Kodo-ha!
	Several galaxy Police cruisers and Juraian battleships begin to 
pour lasers all over the hull of the Kodo-ha.
Mitsuki (aboard fighter): Enemy squadron, point 425.
Kiyone (aboard Yagami): I've got them.
	Yagami fires a blast of lasers, destroying half the squadron.
Sagami (over comlink): Watch out!
	Yagami dives just in time to avoid a Wakizashi gun blast 
targeting a nearby cruiser.  
Admiral Yasunori (aboard the cruiser, falling over): Watch out for 
those blasts.
General Hiroki (aboard Azusa): How much longer?
Washu (aboard Azusa): Not long, the shields will be operational in 
3 minutes.

	The bridge of the Kodo-ha

Tenchi (to self): I've won. (out loud) Lord Yomi, you are beaten!
Lord Yomi (breathing heavily, pushes button): Captain, fire the 
Wakizashi gun.
	The tree starts glowing heavily.
Ryoko (jumps): Not again! (she fires an energy blast at the tree, 
the tree explodes into thousands of pieces) 
Lord Yomi (ship starts shaking): You fool!  The power is out of 
control!
Ayeka (to Lord Yomi): Let's help get you out of here! 
Lord Yomi (holding onto throne): No, (breathing gets heavier) Lady 
Tokimi, why have you forsaken us? (weakly) Channeling the power of 
heaven and earth through the boy... very... clever...(slumps in chair)
Tenchi (after long pause): He died a warrior.
Ayeka: How do we get out of here? (ship shaking harder)
Ryoko: I thought you had a plan!
Ayeka: Well, I thought we'd take control of the ship, not destroy 
it!
Tenchi (looking at hands): What's happening?
	Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko and the Guardians disappear from the 
bridge of the Kodo-ha.

	On Jurai
Alderman (in war room): The Kodo-ha is reaching critical mass!  
Finish it off!
	Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, and both guardians appear.
Soldier (shocked): How did you get back in here?
Tenchi: That's what I'd like to know.
 
	The Kodo-ha explodes into a ball of blue and silver energy.  The 
energy races towards Tsunami.
	
	Bridge of Tsunami

Sasami: I'm scared!! (the marks on her forehead start to glow)
Tsunami (to self): Don't worry, it'll all be over soon.

	The ship Tsunami turns into a ball of pure white light.  The two 
balls of pure energy race towards each other.

	On Jurai, Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka are looking at the Royal Tree

Ayeka: Come on, Tsunami... (she notices the one leaf left on the tree)
Tenchi: Everything will work out, it always does.

	The energy of both ships begin a tug of war, neither one appears 
to be gaining an advantage.  Then, a tremendous explosion rocks space 
and both energies are gone.

Ayeka: Tsunami!! (the last leaf falls off) Oh, no! (she starts crying)
Tenchi (comforting Ayeka): It can't be...
Ryoko (pointing): Look, Ayeka!
	A bud sprouts from the Royal Tree of Jurai.
Ayeka (sobbing): What? 
Sasami (running): Ayeka!  Ayeka!  (she hugs her big sister) I'm ok!
Ayeka (stops sobbing): Tsunami... (she walks over and picks up the leaf)

	Space over Jurai, Hanbatsu command ship

Soldier: The Kodo-ha has been destroyed, first fleet is awaiting your 
orders!
General Tanto (looks around; to the left of him, he sees a Hanbatsu 
cruiser going down in flames, to the right he notices fighters 
firing missiles at a neighboring Hanbatsu battlecruiser, and in front
stands the Juraian fleet.  The Juraian fleet has regained the Light 
Hawk Wings and is bearing down on his own fleet): I don't know...
Soldier: The Juraians are approaching!  We need a decision now!
General Tanto (pauses): Withdraw.  We are returning to Hanbatsu.
Commander: Yes sir!
General Tanto (to self): Jurai will pay.  Sooner or later, Jurai will
pay.

	Bridge of the Azusa

Soldier: The Hanbatsu are retreating!!
General Hiroki (cheering in background): Let them run, we've defended 
Jurai! (in the background soldiers and commanders are hugging each 
other on a job well done) Washu?
Washu: Alright. (she gives him a hug)
General Hiroki (blushing): That's not what I meant.  I couldn't have 
done it without you.
Washu: Well, I am the smartest scientist in the Universe.
Puppet A: Yes Washu, you are the greatest!
Puppet B: Yes Washu, you're number 1!

	Bridge of the Freedom

Admiral Watara: Well done, everybody.
Admiral Hitoshi (on a screen): Well, that's why you're in charge.
Admiral Yasunori (on another screen, she has a bandage over her leg): 
The Galaxy Police have recovered a long way since the KAIN incident.
Admiral Watara: Message to all ships, thank you for your support.  
Return home so we can celebrate.

Mihoshi (aboard Yukinojo): Did you hear that, Kiyone?  We can go back 
now.
Kiyone (aboard Yagami): Ok. Opening hangar bay now.
Yukinojo (to Yagami): I'm surprised you're still functioning.
Yagami: I still function because I want to outshine you!
Yukinojo: Oh yeah?
Yagami: Yeah!
Mihoshi:  Oh! Don't you two ever give up?
Kiyone: We can only wish.
Mitsuki (aboard her fighter): Be quiet, we're heading back.
Naoko (aboard her fighter): Oh, Togawa...
Takeshi (aboard his fighter): Can it be?  Is Naoko showing some emotion?
Naoko (to Takeshi): Shut up or I'll knock your block off.

	War room, planet Jurai.

Alderman (cheering in background): Yes, Jurai has won!  Tell the 
Empress we await her orders.
Uncle: I think we should leave her alone.
Guardian Azaka: You're probably right.
Guardian Kamidake: Let's leave Ayeka alone.
Councilman Konichi: Perhaps it's for the best.

	Jurai later that night

Ryoko (following Tenchi): Where are you going?
Tenchi (walking down hallway): Come with me, Ryoko.
	Tenchi walks into the Royal nursery.  Ayeka is there holding 
the leaf she had picked up that afternoon.
Ayeka (turns around): Lord Tenchi!  Miss Ryoko!
Tenchi: I knew you'd be here!
Ryoko: What is this place?
Ayeka: A place I hope we never have to return to... (clutches leaf) 
Lord Tenchi, Ryoko, would you please leave, I'll join you in a moment.  
	Tenchi and Ryoko walk out.  Ayeka lets go of the leaf and 
watches it flutter into a pool of water.  Ayeka slowly turns around 
to leave the room.  Tsunami appears where the leaf landed.  She is 
looking at Ayeka, smiling.
Ayeka (thinking): Thank you Tsunami. (out loud) Lord Tenchi, why did 
you let Miss Ryoko in here!

Tenchi (voice over): And so the crisis on Jurai was over.  Ayeka had 
successfully led her people from defeat to victory.  Afterwards, she 
and Sasami decided to return to Earth.  

	Ayeka, Sasami, and both Guardians are in the Azusa.

Ayeka (aboard Azusa): Are you ok, Sasami?
Sasami (reading manga): Yes, big sister.
Guardian Azaka: Message to Jurai complete.
Guardian Kamidake: Shall we move out?
Ayeka (pauses): Let's go.

Tenchi (voice over): The Galaxy Police were glad to have a face-saving
victory from the battle.  Mihoshi and Kiyone returned to duty in the 
Sol system.  Togawa, Takeshi, Naoko and Mitsuki were assigned to the 
combined fleet to hunt down the rest of the Hanbatsu force.  Admiral 
Watara was placed in command of the 532nd fleet along with Admirals 
Hitoshi and Yasunori.

	Everyone is in the Grand Marshal's office, drinking tea.
Grand Marshal (in office): Well done indeed. 
Admiral Watara (standing): Don't thank me, it was a team effort.
Mihoshi (to Kiyone): Just like you and me.
Kiyone (nervous laughter): We're one of the greatest teams in the 
Galaxy Police.
Togawa (arm in cast): Thank you for rescuing me, Takeshi.
Takeshi (sipping tea): Well, Naoko was with me...
Naoko (laughing): I just care about my squadron mates.
Mitsuki (standing): Well, just remember we all tried our best.
Admiral Yasunori (sitting in chair, she has a cast on her leg): Our 
best?  It didn't help my leg!
Admiral Hitoshi (placing teacup on table): Our victory is a universal 
victory.
Grand Marshal: Still, we have many things to do.  I thank you for 
your time.   Move out! 

Tenchi (voice over): Ryo-Oh-Ki, Ryoko, Washu and myself all returned 
to Earth.  Ryoko has never treated me the same after the battle on 
the Kodo-ha.  Washu, well, she still stays in her lab all day.

	It is a sunny day at the Masaki household.  Everyone is outside.
Ryoko (lifting basket of laundry): Here, Tenchi!
Tenchi: Thanks, Ryoko. (he lifts up a smaller basket) My, look at how 
much laundry we have!
Nobiyuki: Well, we kinda of fell behind after you left.
Katsuhito (sweeping): I'm glad you remembered what I told you Tenchi.  
You've made me proud.
Tenchi: Really, Grandpa?
Katsuhito: Yes.  (pauses) Do you want to play chess tonight?
Tenchi (sweatdrop): That's alright.
Washu (appearing from behind the home): Hi, what's up?
Nobiyuki: Laundry day.
Washu: Oh good.  (snaps fingers, a basket of laundry appears) Can you 
wash these?
Tenchi: Sure, Little Washu.
Katsuhito: By the way, today's the big day!
Tenchi (shocked): Did time really pass by that quickly?
Katsuhito: Yes.  Time does fly by.

	Nighttime at the Masaki household, the lights are on downstairs 
and the sound of music can be heard.

	The living room has a banner that reads: Welcome back to the 
carnival, Ryoko!  Everyone is around the karaoke machine and having a 
good time.  Washu is finishing a song.

Katsuhito (sipping some tea): Very good.
Kiyone (drinking sake): (Hic) Good song.
Ryoko (packing sake away): Told you I (hic) was buying.
Nobiyuki (placing empty can on table): Ah.  Hey Tenchi, why don't you 
sing a song? (hic)
Tenchi (drinking a coke): That's just great, dad.  I'll think about it.
Mihoshi: Kiyone, let's sing a song!
Kiyone (getting up): Which one?
Mihoshi: I know!
	Mihoshi and Kiyone start singing.  
Mihoshi (singing): I was so naive... (continues singing)
Kamidake (drunk): Ayeka (hic) saved Jurai.
Azaka (drunk): Yes, she (hic) did.
Guardians: She was great!
Ayeka (drinking): Oh hohohohohoho (hic) I couldn't have done it without
Lord Tenchi's (hic) help.
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia myia myia.
Ryoko (to Ryo-Oh-Ki): I know.  (to Ayeka) Princess, we helped too.
Ayeka: (Hic) That's empress to you.
Tenchi: Where's Sasami?
Ayeka: (Hic) She's outside.
Washu: I'll get her.
Puppet A: Oh boy, a walk.
Puppet B: We could use some fresh air.

	Outside, Sasami is standing alone, looking at the stars.

Washu (appearing): Sasami?
Sasami: Yes, Washu?
Washu: It's getting cold.  You want to go inside?  
Sasami: I never forgot what you told me.
Washu: You mean, that sometimes the memories are all you have left?
Sasami: Yes.  I'll never give up hope.  My mom and dad are out there 
somewhere.  
Washu: How do you know?
Sasami: I know.  Someone higher up told me.  (she turns around) Let's 
go.
Washu: Ok, Sasami.  
	The 2 turn around and walk back inside.  A shooting star passes 
overhead.

Ryoko: You're just in time.
Washu (picking up sake): For what?
Nobiyuki: (Hic)  Speech!
Tenchi: Oh.  (clears throat) On this day, Ryoko fell to Earth.  My life 
has never been the same afterwards.  Perhaps you could say that it was 
turned upside down.  One thing I do know is that I never do regret 
finding Ryoko in the forest that late fall day...
	Everyone toasts and takes a drink from their glasses.
Ryoko (stands up): (Hic) (places arm around Tenchi) We are unstoppable!
(Hic) As a team, nothing can stop us! Start the music!

	Country western music starts on the karaoke machine.  Everybody 
is holding a microphone.

Washu: Unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable
Kiyone: Sleeping in, staying up late, an afternoon nap

Ryoko: Unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable
Sasami: Sneaking food, midnight snacks, a light meal

Tenchi: Unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable
Ayeka: TV shows, karaoke 

Nobiyuki: Unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable, unstoppable
Mihoshi: Sunbathing, an outdoor bath

Tenchi: Making sidetrips
Sasami: Chatting
Mihoshi: Long baths
Washu: Wasting money
Ryo-Oh-Ki: Myia myia myia
Ayeka: Long phone calls
Kiyone: Unrequited love
Ryoko: Forbidden love

Everyone: Unstoppable, unstoppable  
However old we might get, unstoppable, unstoppable
Even dead, even transformed, even born again

Kiyone: Unstoppable, unstoppable 
Washu: Unstoppable, unstoppable
Azaka & Kamidake: Cup of ramen, going out
Ayeka: Man hunting, gossiping

Sasami: Dozing off
Tenchi: Early lunches
Kiyone: Manga
Katsuhito & Nobiyuki: Working late
Washu: Nit-picking
Ryoko: Free booze, barhopping, drinking again the next day

Everyone: Unstoppable, unstoppable
Ayeka: No matter how old we might get
Everyone: Unstoppable, unstoppable
Sasami: Even dead, even transformed
Ryoko: Even born again

Tenchi: More than something you want to do,
Sasami: Love is
Mihoshi: Something unstoppable

Kiyone: Standing around reading
Ryoko: Shopping and eating
Mihoshi: Eating mandarin oranges while under a quilted foot warmer
Ryoko: High hopes
Ayeka: Luxuries
Washu: Pachinko, mahjong, horse races 

Everyone: Unstoppable, unstoppable
However old we might get, unstoppable, unstoppable
Even dead, even transformed, even born again

Everyone: Unstoppable, unstoppable 
Tenchi: Even if they tell us 'Stop!'
Everyone: Unstoppable, unstoppable 
Ryoko: Even dead
Kiyone: Even transformed
Mihoshi: Even born again
Everyone: Even dead, even transformed, even born again

	Close-up group shot, everyone is looking happy.

Early morning the next day, the sun shines brightly on the Masaki home.

Tenchi (getting up): Oh my, look at the time!
	Tenchi jumps out of bed and goes to the washroom.  Afterwards he 
runs downstairs to find Ayeka and Ryoko passed out on the couch.  He 
runs into the kitchen.

Sasami: Hi Tenchi!  You're late. 
Tenchi (grabs lunchbox): Well, I'm off.

	Tenchi's school

Teacher: Ok class, get settled.  Tenchi, how was your flu?
Tenchi (standing up): I'm better now.
Teacher: All right sit down, Tenchi.  (Tenchi sits) Class, who's 
absent?  Let me check. (shuffles through book) Is Tsuki here?
Tenchi (about to stand again): Uh, sir...
Tsuki (opens door, she has a piece of toast in her mouth and her bag is
over her shoulder): I'm here!



Author's notes:
		Kagato: Professor, I'm going to show you an experiment just
like the old days.

	Well, this is my first fanfic, so I'd really like comments and 
criticisms.  I might turn this into a series of fanfics, depending on
the feedback I get.  I have several ideas lying around, so don't worry 
about it becoming unoriginal.  Also, the ending song was changed just a 
bit to cover the fact that Ryo-Oh-Ki sang in Shin Tenchi. By the way, 
did you enjoy how I mentioned as many characters as I could that 
appeared in the Tenchi Universe?  In the possible continuation I'll talk
about a MIA Galaxy Police operative A, the Universal Science Academy 
and the 639th Hanbatsu fighter squadron.  This is my first fanfic, so 
I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.  
Special thanks to the creators of the Tenchi Muyo! series.  Don't 
sue.  

New Characters and the rest.

Juraians 

General Hiroki: General of Planetary defense.  He tends to hate 
non-Juraians, though.
Alderman: Head of Jurai in the Empress's absence.  In charge of the 
Holy Council of Jurai.  Old, he has a white beard and wears glasses.
Admiral Atsushi: He is in charge of the Juraian fleet for home defense.
Councilman Konichi: Not very important in this story, he will be later.
He is a member of the Holy Council of Jurai.
Kagato: Deceased fake Emperor of Jurai.  Pretended to be Yosho to gain 
access to the throne.  Banished all other members of the Royal families 
to distant planets. (TV 24, 25) 
Sagami: Helped Tenchi reach Jurai during the Kagato Incident. Promoted 
to fighter pilot afterwards. (TV 22)
Uncle: Sasami's Uncle.  Was in charge of defensive platform at the 
first line of defense. Now works on Jurai. (TV 22)

The Galaxy Police

Admiral Watara: Temporary chief of operations of Galaxy Police.  He 
is calm and confident.
Admiral Hitoshi: The trigger-happy admiral, as he is referred to by 
his friends.  Recently returned from restoring order to a star system 
in civil war.
Admiral Yasunori: The female admiral, she is intelligent and level 
headed.  Has green eyes and blond hair.
Cadet Naoko: Trainee sent under Galaxy Police emergency pilots act.  
She is a fair pilot.  However, appearances can be deceiving.  She 
looks like an older version of Kiyone except with blue hair.
Cadet Takeshi: Ambitious cadet, he is trying to aim for squadron 
leader. Has black hair.
Cadet Togawa: Overconfident pilot.  Has brown hair.  He recently had 
a breakup with his girlfriend of 2 years, who looked like Washu.  
Grand Marshal: Head of all spaceship operations. (OAV 4)
Mitsuki: Kiyone's friend from the Galaxy Police Academy.  (TV 15)

The Hanbatsu

Lord Yomi: Leader of the Hanbatsu Empire, knows many things.  He has 
already had a border disagreement with Jurai.  
General Tanto: 1st general in Hanbatsu army.  Very traditional, he is 
next in line to become leader of the Hanbatsu combined fleet.
Admiral Miyamoto: General Tanto's best friend since the previous war 
with Jurai.
Kusari: Secret agent. Classified.  Looks to be several years older 
than Tenchi.
Fundo: Secret agent. Classified. Looks similar to Kusari.
Doctor Clay: Head researcher of Hanbatsu armaments wing.  Invented 
Wakizashi gun technology.  Also invented his assistant Zero. 
(OAV 11, 12)
Cadet Yura: Was girlfriend of Amarubei.  Helped him steal the 
Yagami.  Joined military to get a career in life. (TV 19)

The rest

Nagi: Bounty hunter who chased Ryoko for a while.  She is currently
trying other jobs.  Ken-Oh-Ki is her spaceship/cabbit. 
(TV 10 and several others)  
Tsuki: The new student, not trying to go for Tenchi's love.  She is 
very intelligent and excels in math.  But nobody's that perfect...
Amarubei: Punk who stole the Yagami.  He is now doing odd jobs. (TV 19)
Doctor Seiku: Former Doctor/Professor at the Universal Science Academy. 
Was banished for currently unknown reasons.  He is thin and wears 
glasses.  He has blue eyes.
Friend: Tenchi's friend from school.  Made friends with Tenchi after 
his return to Earth from Jurai.  
Kazuhiko Amagasaki: Tenchi's friend from school. (OAV 1)
Yagami: Kiyone's spaceship. Main ship assigned to the Miho/Kiyo duo.
(TV 5)
Yukinojo: Mihoshi's spaceship. Fighter/shuttle component to Yagami. 
(OAV 4)
KAIN: A1 class criminal.  Currently recaptured in sub space net.  
(Tenchi Muyo! in Love)

	I will leave the descriptions vague so you can use your imagination
when reading about these characters.  (Translation: I'm too lazy to 
write proper descriptions)

Send all comments and criticisms to: aleen634@hotmail.com .  

	This story belongs to AleeN, do not use it without permission. 
Copyright 1998.  The other stuff belongs to Pioneer and AIC, don't sue. 
