Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC and Pioneer, so don't think that I made 
all the stuff up in this story. Just the actual 
story line. The characters are not mine, and the setting is not mine.
Authors notes: Well, this isn't quite like the rest of my fics, but I wanted to 
write something different. This is in the OVA 
continuality, exclude all movies and stuff like that. 

"Revelations" 
A Fan Fiction story by Jacob McDonald 


"Ryoko!" Ayeka screamed as she stomped down the steps at the Masaki home. Her 
face was red and she held a hair brush in 
one had that had cyan hairs sticking out of it every which way. She found the 
space pirate on the porch, sunning her self. 
"What is it Princess?" Ryoko asked, not taking off her sunglasses, or even 
moving for that matter. She slurped at her lemonade. 
"What do you think you're doing, using my hair brush?" Questioned the some what 
enraged First Princess of Juri.
"I was brushing my hair.... I hadn't done it in a while and I like the way it 
feels..." being able to simply phase her hair into the
proper shape, Ryoko didn't actually have to brush it, but she did on occasion.
"Well I would like it if you'd ask permission from now on before using my 
things. This house is not just another place for you to 
plunder and take what you want!" Ayeka replied in a curt tone.
"Listen to you, acting like you're the woman of the house!" Ryoko sneered, "What 
gives you the right?"
"Well I certainly do more then you do around here!" 
"Sasami still does twice as much as you! So why do you get to make the rules?" 
"Lord Nobuyuki makes the rules! I just follow them, unlike you!" 
"Well maybe you should learn to break the rules now and then, Princess!"
"And maybe you should learn to follow them!" the two woman stared at each other 
and bolts of lightning sprang from their eyes, 
causing sparks to fly. Power logs formed around Ayeka, and an orange energy 
sword appeared in Ryoko's hand. Their powers
charged and they let fly.
	

Tenchi was walking up the path from the carrot fields when he heard the first 
boom,  and he sighed. Those two girls.... 
As he walked through the gates into the front yard, the two guardian logs spoke 
to him,
"Good afternoon Lord Tenchi." Azaka said.
"Fine weather today, isn't it Lord Tenchi?" Kamidake intoned.
"Hey you two. Yeah, it's nice out." he smiled at them and walked around the 
house to put his sack of carrots in the shed. No
 sooner had he dumped the sack on the ground then Ryoko appeared behind him and 
glomped onto his neck.
"Tenchi! That mean old Ayeka started another fight!" she said, "And look! She 
bruised my neck!" Ryoko pointed to a small 
black and blue mark on her neck, "Want to kiss it and make it better?"
"Ryoko...." Tenchi sighed. He walked out of the shed with a look of total defeat 
on his face, Ryoko trailing behind him, floating
in the air and holding onto him around his neck. Ayeka ran around the corner of 
the house and saw this. She ran up and tackled
Ryoko to the ground. 
"You leave Tenchi alone!" she screamed and began to grapple with the space 
pirate. Tenchi sighed again and walked into the
house.
Sasami was making lunch when he walked in, "Oh! Hello Tenchi! Lunch should be 
ready soon!"
"Thanks Sasami, it smells great, but.... if you don't mind, I think I'm just 
going to take a nap today. I'll eat an extra large dinner." 
he smiled at the young princess.
"Okay, Tenchi! I'm sure Ryoko will eat your portion!" 
"I'm sure she will." Tenchi walked into the house and over to the closet door 
under the stairs. He knocked and Washu's face 
appeared in the small window, "Come in!" she said, so Tenchi walked in. 
"Tenchi!" Washu said from her perch on her floating seat pillow, "How nice of 
you to visit!" 
"Hello Little Washu... I came to ask a favor." 
"You usually do." she turned and smiled at him.
"Sorry to impose so much..."
"Don't worry, I enjoy helping you. What can I do for you this time?"
"Well, I'd like to take a nap..." 
"But you're worried you won't be able to with Ayeka and my pesky daughter 
running all over?" 
"You have such a way of getting right to the heart of the matter, Little Washu." 
Tenchi grinned.
"Well, here." Washu pointed to a door and it opened to reveal a plush bed 
chamber, "Take your nap and I'll wake you for 
dinner. You don't mind if I study your brain wave patterns while you sleep do 
you?" 
"If it means I can get some sleep for a few hours, you can study whatever 
patterns you want to." Tenchi walked into the room 
and shut the door. It vanished as he did. It suddenly faded back into existence 
and he poked his head out, "Thank you Little 
Washu!" 
"you're welcome Tenchi!" she said, and he went away again. Washu smiled, cracked 
her knuckles and went 
about setting up the various screens that would allow her to study Tenchi's 
brain while he slept. 



Ayeka wandered around the house for almost a half hour before she finally went 
to the kitchen.
"Sasami, have you seen Lord Tenchi?" she asked. 
"Not since he got home, Ayeka. He did say something about taking a nap though." 
the cute little princess smiled at her sister.
"Thank you Sasami." Ayeka patted her on the head, and walked up stairs. She 
would just drop the mail that Tenchi had
 received on his desk quietly. She stopped when she reached for the door handle 
however. Should she really just walk in 
uninvited?
Thinking back to Ryoko's comments earlier in the day, she decided that for once, 
she could bend the rules. She slid the door 
open quietly and softly padded inside. 
As she dropped the mail on Tenchi's desk, she glanced over to his bed. She froze 
and the gears in her head started turning. 
Tenchi was not in his bed. Why would he tell Sasami he was going to take a nap 
if he wasn't in his own bed?
"Tenchi..." Ryoko crooned as she slipped inside his room. She stopped when she 
saw Ayeka, "Well well, Princess... what are 
you doing here?"
"Not what you came to do, I can assure you of that!" Ayeka spit at the space 
pirate, "I simply came in to drop Tenchi's mail off
 to his desk, only to find that he's not here!"
"But Sasami told me he was taking a nap..." Ryoko scratched her head.
"She told me the same.... But why would Tenchi not be here if he was taking a 
nap?"
"The better question is where could he be?" Ryoko phased out then back in a few 
seconds, "Well, he didn't rush off to my room
 and wait for me there," Ayeka rolled her eyes, "and we know he sure as hell 
didn't go to YOUR room..." Ryoko snickered.
"We should find him...." Ayeka said in a worried tone. Ryoko nodded and they 
left Tenchi's room. 
"I'll look out in the forest...." Ryoko said, floating off.
"I'll look around here, then at the shrine." Ayeka replied. 
	


Washu stepped out of her lab as Ayeka was walking past.
"Oh! Little Washu, have you seen Tenchi?" Ayeka asked sweetly.
"Well yes actually, he came to my lab only a few hours ago." the diminutive 
scientist shut the door behind her.
"Really? Is he still there?" Ayeka's tone became threatening.	
It didn't faze Washu in the least however, "Yes he is. Sleeping." she started to 
walk away like that settled everything. 
"What?!?" Ayeka grabbed Washu's arm and stopped her, "Miss Washu, what do you 
mean? Why would Tenchi take his nap
 in YOUR lab?"
"Because he was afraid you and Ryoko would bother him and he wouldn't get any 
sleep." Washu replied smoothly. She looked
 at Ayeka's hand on her arm then back up to the princess.
Ayeka let go with great haste, "Yes well... when he wakes up then, can you tell 
him his mail is on his desk in his room?" 
"I'll do that. Now, time to eat! That lunch that Sasami made smells wonderful!" 



"Ryoko!" Ayeka called into the forest. Where was that blasted demon when you 
needed her?
"Right here Princess. No luck finding Tenchi?" she smirked a knowing smile.
"More then you!" Ayeka shot back.
Ryoko frowned, "Where is he?" she demanded. 
"Taking a nap... in Washu's lab!" 
"What? Why would anyone want to sleep in that place?"
"Washu said it was because he wanted to stay away from us! Like we were going to 
bother him while he was trying to sleep!"
"Well... we both did go in his room...." Ryoko said, looking at the ground.
"Well, yes... but that's beside the point! If we didn't fight so much, Tenchi 
wouldn't have to hide from us!"
"Well then, I can only see one solution to the problem!" Ryoko floated up off 
the ground and cracked her knuckles.
"As do I!" Ayeka said, jumping back and transforming into her battle gear. The 
two flew at each other and started to fight to the 
death.
	


"Tenchi!" Washu said, shaking him awake, "Tenchi, wake up!"
"Wha..... mmmfffmmm..... what is it Little Washu?" Tenchi rolled over again.
"Ryoko and Ayeka are trying to kill each other!"
"So? What else is new?"
"For REAL this time Tenchi!" Washu yanked him out of the bed and he fell to the 
floor.
"What? Why?" he stood up and grabbed his shoes and socks.
"Because they think they've scared you off by fighting too much. They've decided 
to end it once and for all so that you won't
 be scared any more!" 
"Oh man! What have I done?" Tenchi dashed for the door of the lab, "All I wanted 
was a nice peaceful nap!" 
"They're out by the cave!" Washu called to him as he left. 



Tenchi crashed through the forest on his way to the cave. He could hear the 
sounds of battle up ahead. He did have enough 
sense to grab the Sword Tenchi before he left the house, just in case he needed 
to break up a really nasty fight. 
As he burst into the clearing. He watched in wonder as Ayeka and Ryoko blasted 
and dodged. Neither looked to be giving 
in any time soon.
"Girls!" Tenchi called as he rushed forward, "Stop this right now!" 
"Stay back Tenchi!" Ryoko called out to him, "This time we're gonna' finish 
this!" she blasted Ayeka back several meters.
 Tenchi dove to one side and caught her before she hit a tree. 
"Thank you Lord Tenchi, but Ryoko is right. We have to finish this. And I will 
win!" she grabbed the Master Key from his belt 
and turned just as Ryoko was about to grab her from behind. She stuck it into 
Ryoko's gut and watched with a maniacal gleam 
in her eye as Ryoko writhed in pain. 
The space pirate grit her teeth and put a hand out just the same. She powered up 
a blast and as Tenchi screamed for them to 
stop, let it fly. 
One of Ayeka's shields deflected the blast into the ground, where it blew a 
sizable hole beneath them. The earth suddenly gave
 way, and all three of them fell down into a dark shaft. The shaft that led down 
to Ryoko's former tomb. 
As they fell, more earth came down, blocking the way back up. They landed in a 
heap inside the tomb. 


Washu was going over the data she had gathered on Tenchi's brain when it 
happened. The link to her daughter was cut off. 
She looked up from her screen. 
"Ryoko?" she asked into the darkness that had once been the pirate's mind. No 
response came back. Now she was worried.
 This meant that Ryoko was no longer awake. There was no way Ayeka could have 
beat her, and the red headed genius
 would have known if Tenchi had used the light hawk wings to defend himself from 
her.... 
Quickly scanning the area, she found no power signatures at all. That meant that 
Ayeka was out too. And Tenchi... she 
scanned quickly for his brain waves, and found them near the cave. So he was 
still there. She got up. Time to get Yosho and 
go find them. 


Tenchi used the Master Key to give him light as he fumbled with some matches he 
had in his pocket. Lighting the torches around
 the room, he went back to Ayeka and Ryoko. The space pirate looked to be burned 
and bruised, but not hurt beyond that. 
The princess had a nasty looking cut on her head, and her ankle wasn't sitting 
quite right, but she didn't look to bad other
 then that. Tenchi himself had a few bumps and bruises, and a scrape along his 
forearm. He sat Ryoko up and propped her
 against a wall. He would have to talk to her when she came around, but right 
now, he had to stop the bleeding on Ayeka's 
head. 
Ripping a strip of cloth from his shirt sleeve, Tenchi wrapped the wound 
tightly, and held compress against it until the bleeding 
had stopped. He then sat the princess up right as well, and plopped down between 
the two woman. He let their heads fall 
onto his shoulders, and put his arms around them.
Washu would be by soon enough to help them out, or Ryoko would wake up and blast 
them out. He sighed as the two 
warm bodies on either side of him pulsed with life force. Looking down at Ryoko, 
then over at Ayeka, smiled. Setting his 
head back against the wall, he closed his eyes.
"You know girls, you two sure do know how to scare me. I mean, I thought you 
were going to kill each other up there. It 
was a good thing I came by, huh? You don't really want to kill each other, you 
just want me. I don't want to sound big headed 
or anything, but it's true...
"All I wanted was to take a nap today, with some peace and quiet... is that too 
much to ask? You two are always fighting over
 me... don't you know that that's what drives me away half the time? If you 
would just stop fighting for once, and let me explain
 things to you..." he sighed again. 
Ryoko opened one eye, then the other, but stayed still as Tenchi continued 
talking,
"Ryoko, you think that I hate you because you fly and go through walls and break 
things all the time.... but I don't really. I 
mean, yeah, I'd like it if you'd stop breaking things all the time, but if 
that's how you take out aggression, then we always have
 Washu around to fix stuff. I love the way you can be sometimes, when you just 
sit and stare off into space. I always wonder 
what you're thinking about... and find myself hoping that it's me..." he smiled 
as he hugged her a little tighter, "I think I would like
 being with you, Ryoko, but I can't just give up on the others! Ayeka 
especially. It's the two of you that I guess I've fallen in
 love with." Ryoko pinched Ayeka's leg with the hand that lay across Tenchi's 
lap, and the princess came awake suddenly. She
was about to get up when she heard Tenchi's voice, "Ayeka, you can be such a 
snooty little royal thing sometimes, but it's when
 you're so nice and blushing and cute like that... all because you love me. I 
like the way you blush when I do something nice for
 you... you look so pretty then....
"Not that Ryoko doesn't. It's so strange to see you blush though, Ryoko... but I 
like it. Knowing that I can make you blush... 
You're a very sexy woman, but it's when you're confused and embarrassed that I 
think you're the cutest. That's when the real 
you shines through. Gentle and kind, just like Ayeka is. 
"You're both so alike, and you can't really see it. You both have kind hearts, 
and loving eyes. You both love your friends and 
family, and you both want to help them when they need your help. You two are so 
much like sisters it's almost funny..." Tenchi 
took a deep breath and noticed the smell of the two woman's hair. With a laugh 
he said, "Hell, you two even use the same 
shampoo!" 
"I guess what I'm trying to say here, is that I love you both. I don't know what 
I'd do with out both of you in my life... I 
couldn't stand to live without Ryoko, and I wouldn't want to go on without 
Ayeka... you both mean so much to me...." he
 opened his eyes and looked down at them. His smile went away. 
Ryoko and Ayeka both stared back up at him. They had wore sad smiles, but the 
light in their eyes told him that they weren't
 sad at all.
"Um... how long have the two of you been awake?" he asked with a nervous laugh.
"Long enough...." Ayeka said, sitting up. Ryoko did like wise and they stared at 
Tenchi. After a long pause, in which Tenchi 
stared down at the floor dumbly, Ayeka finally spoke, "I had no idea you felt 
the way you do, Tenchi." 
Tenchi was surprised to hear her drop the formal 'Lord' before his name, but 
even more surprised when Ryoko spoke,
"Yeah, neither did I... but I guess I'm not that upset really..." 
Tenchi face faulted as Ayeka said, "I too am not upset at all." 
"So... you two understand?" Tenchi asked.
"I think that we need to understand..." Ryoko said, looking at Ayeka, "I think 
the two of us need to have a long talk, Princess...." 
"I think so too..." they turned back to Tenchi. He smiled. They did understand 
what he had been talking about.
"Thank you, Tenchi," Ayeka said, "For all you said about both of us." 
"Yeah..." Ryoko smiled at him, "So you do love me then?"
"I do... Tenchi smiled sheepishly and his face turned red, "And I love Ayeka... 
you see, it's not a choice I want to make. 
If I chose one, I lose the other..."
They sat in silence for a good long while. Ryoko spoke after several minutes, 
"So what now?" 
"I guess we need to find a way out of here..." Tenchi said, looking up at the 
blocked off passage. 
"No, I mean about us." Ryoko said, waving a hand at the three of them. 
"I.... um.... I don't know..." Tenchi said. 
"Maybe we should have that talk before we start to decide anything..." Ayeka 
said. 
"I think that may be best." Ryoko smiled at Ayeka, and the princess smiled back. 
"Um...." they both looked at Tenchi. He leaned forward and put a hand on Ryoko's 
neck. He slowly and gently, kissed her lips.
 To Ryoko it lasted forever, but it was over in only a few seconds. Turning to 
Ayeka, Tenchi smiled as her face turned red and
 she put a hand to her cheek. Tenchi reached out any way and guided her face to 
his. He kissed her as well, the same slow
 loving passion going into the kiss. 
He leaned back and grinned stupidly, "Sorry.... I've had that pent up for months 
now..." he said. The two girls laughed and
 leaned back onto his shoulders. 
After a while, Ayeka asked, "Ryoko, are you going to blast us out of here soon? 
I think I may have a broken ankle..." 
"Naw, I'll just teleport us to the house." they all appeared at the kitchen 
counter then, Tenchi holding Ayeka up for support. 
Washu stood a short ways away, helping Sasami finish dinner. 
"Take Ayeka to my lab if you would, Tenchi. Ryoko, I want to talk to you." 
Tenchi and Ayeka turned to go to the lab as 
Ryoko gulped. Tenchi reached out and squeezed her hand briefly as he gave her a 
'good luck!' look and helped Ayeka limp off. 
Washu took her daughter's hand and led her out side. They phased out and ended 
up on the roof. Looking out over the lake 
as the sun set, Washu smiled.
"What did you want to talk to me about.... Mom..." Ryoko asked.
Washu turned to her with a look of astonishment on her face, "You called me 
Mom!" she said, hugging her daughter. Ryoko 
went ridged for a moment, then slowly eased into the hug and wrapped her arms 
around Washu. They sat like that and watched
 the sun go down. 
"I was just wondering..." Washu finally said.
"What's that?" Ryoko asked. It felt good to be hugging her own mother.
"Is he a good kisser?" Washu suddenly asked, jumping back with a gleam in her 
eyes.
"Mom!" Ryoko said, pushing her away, "Do you have to look into my head all the 
time?" 
Washu cackled with glee as Ryoko teleported them back down to the dining area, 
where Sasami had the table all set and 
ready to eat. Ayeka sat next to Tenchi in her usual spot, but a bit closer then 
normal. Ryoko smiled at that, and sat down next to
 him on the other side. The two woman smiled at each other. 
"Meet me in the baths after dinner for our little chat?" Ayeka asked.
"I'll be there." Ryoko said.
"But it's your turn to do the dishes..." Sasami reminded her sister.
"I'll do them tonight." Tenchi said, winking at her. Sasami seemed to catch the 
hint and smiled in delight. 
Nobuyuki looked at all of them with a surprised look on his face, and glanced at 
Yosho, who shrugged his shoulders and 
folded
 his hands, "Shall I bless the food then?" he said.


Well, there you are. I think this may turn into a series... if I can work it in 
around Tenchi 2000 and the Power of the
 Goddesses... my OTHER two series, both quite long and in the works... this was 
a much tamer then my fics usually get. 
No violence (well, not too much), the swearing was a minimum, and the story was 
more about Tenchi's feelings then the
 events that happen around him. I just wanted to write a love fic for once... 
sue me. Unless you're AIC and Pioneer. 
You two can't sue me, because I have a disclaimer at the top! Ha! 
As always, questions and comments are welcome at Japhith@Juno.com


	
