Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  I created a few of the characters.  Thanks 
and enjoy the story.


Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter Eight:  Holy War


The storm raged with fury over the Vatican.  The pope's 
guards surrounded the small nation's palace.    A guard 
strolled along the path.  His eyes were empty and inhuman.  
He stood ready for anything as his staff rested on his 
shoulder uneasily.    The guard stopped at the sudden sound 
of a stone.  He turned around quickly and next was driven 
unconscious as he was slammed into the wall.

"Nighty night."  Latrus whispered and walked slowly to the 
entrance gate.

"Master!"  Katrina whispered.

"What?"  He asked.

"Why take the front gate?" She asked wearily.

"Because any other entrance will be guarded by the demons 
and all the wizards, that caused Chaos's plan to foil the 
churches, will be waiting there."  He answered and signaled 
her to silence with a wave of his hand.

Latrus breathed steadily as he saw a shadow appear before 
him around the corner.  He quickly swung his right hand 
around and grabbed the figure towards him and covered the 
owner of the shadow's mouth with his left.  The figure 
struggled desperately to get away, but Latrus released his 
grip at the sight of spiky cyan hair.

"What are you doing here, Ryoko?"  He hissed in anger.

"She is here to save everyone's lives."  Tenchi answered 
from behind.

"I don't want your help.  You don't know what your being 
here can do."  He snarled taking a threatening step towards 
Tenchi.

"You don't have a choice.  We are already here."  Tenchi 
challenged back.

"What did you do with the boy?"  Latrus asked turning back 
at Ryoko.

"He's with me."  She replied.  "I never break a promise."  
She said starring aggressively into his eyes.

Ryshu stepped from behind Tenchi and walked slowly towards 
his mother.  Ryoko picked him up and kissed him on the 
forehead.

"Very well.  Ryoko, you are with me.  Tenchi go with 
Katrina.  We will split up when we enter the front gate."  
He said and then a look of wonder appeared on his face.  
"Where's the rest?"  He asked.

"They are with Gratin-Lar and Ayeka's forces.  They plan to 
take out the minor demons and wizards."  Tenchi answered.

"What forces?"  Katrina asked.

"Apparently the creator sent them an army of guardians to 
help out."  He said.

"Enough.  We move.  Ryoko stick close to me, and you will 
live."  Latrus said and moved toward the gate.

The group followed him.  Latrus made a pushing gesture with 
his hand and the gate slowly opened.

"Strange."  He said.  "There is no magical ward on this 
door, Katrina.  Be careful, my destiny is near and my 
opponent wants me fresh."  He smiled and ran silently into 
the courtyard.  He stopped at the army of armed guards that 
met them.  Armed with guns and staffs.  The guards charged 
in rage.  Latrus prepared to strike, but almost lost his 
footing as a bright light took the sky.

"Its Ayeka and the others.  They have started the attack."  
Tenchi yelled from behind.

"Well then, let us CHARGE!"  He raged summoning a red 
sword from the palm of his hand he struck down the zombie 
like guards.

He saw a man standing by a gate.  His arms were crossed as 
his crimson robes slid over his feet.  The door was open as 
the man leaned on it.  It was as if he was inviting them to 
come in.  The hooded man moved his head upward and a white 
glare sparkled from the man's shaded face.  He was smiling 
and ran inside.

"This way."  Latrus hollered stroking a guard down with 
the back part of his blade.  He charged to the door where 
the hooded man stood.  

"Latrus!"  Ryoko screamed.  "Its a trap."  

"I know, but this is my destiny."  He yelled and jumped 
back as two figures appeared from no where.

"Well, Latrus is it?"  Said the long, slick, black haired 
Miser in his emerald robes.

"Kat, damn you.  I told ya not to fight Nimbus."  Glark 
said, as his Irish accent made him sound like he was 
yelling.

"It's too late, Da.  Nimbus has gone too far."  She said 
and summoned her sword as a golden rod appeared out of thin 
air.  She stood ready to attack.

"I see.  I will have to kill you to save this world."  He 
said and he summoned a black half moon axe.  The two 
contestants stood and at the blink of her eye they charged.
***
"Well, Latrus.  Time to die."  Miser smirked and a flash 
of emerald light struck at Latrus.  He blocked it with his 
sword staying parallel with the ground.

He charged with his sword and the red light glowed brighter 
and began to flash violently.  He leaped into the air with 
the tip of his sword pointing toward the ground.  

"Crimson Tide!"  He summoned and pulled the blade at an 
upward motion as red energy blasted toward Miser.

"Impressive."  Miser cooed.  He teleported to the ground 
as the energy crashed into another building, destroying the 
entire structure.  "Now, my turn."  He boasted and 
launched his hands into the air as lightning struck the 
figure of Latrus.

"AHHHHH!"  Latrus screamed and fell to the ground.
***
Katrina swung her sword at Glark's head, but Glark blocked 
with an upward swing.  His strength in the block made her 
fly into the air.  She landed behind the ox and flipped 
backwards so she could face him.  

"No, need to fight.  You can't win.  For the last time, go 
home."  Glark pleaded.

"Never."  She snarled and swung to take his legs out, but 
the man vanished.
***
"Ryoko, can you help them?"  Tenchi said knocking another 
guard to the ground.

"No."  She said holding a guard at bay.  Her left hand 
placed by Ryshu as she made sure he was behind her.

"Tenchi!  Ryoko!"  Called a familiar voice.

"Washu!"  Ryoko cheered.

She turned behind her to see a guard instantly light on 
flames.  She looked up to see Washu and Tokimi flying above 
them and land beside them.

"I never thought I would be saying thanks to you."  Ryoko 
said.

"I take your thanks."  Said Tokimi and fired another blast 
of fire at a pair of charging guards as they lit into 
flames.

"Go!  We can handle this."  Washu ordered and struck a 
guard down with the same colored blade as Ryoko's and 
Katrina's.  She also has already aged herself and was 
wearing the same armor when they first fought the being 
pretending to be Chaos.

"Right."  Tenchi acknowledged and the couple ran to help 
Katrina and Latrus.
***
"What do you think?"  Ayeka asked.

"These wizards and demons have no power.   We are 
slaughtering them."  Gratin-Lar said watching as his flying 
guardians swooped down and kill the wizards that held their 
hands high, but nothing was released from their fingertips.

"They probably can only summon spells."  Ayeka said 
grasping his shoulder.

"Yes, but they are not summoning.  Chaos must want us or 
someone to enter."  He said grimly.  

"You think, Ryoko?"  She asked.

"I don't know, but the battle will be in the main chapel.  
That is where we need to be.  Our forces can take care of 
the outside.  You agree?"  He asked with a small smile upon 
his face.

"Yes."  Ayeka said returning the smile.  She floated to 
the sky as her ivory armor and cloak blew around her .  
"This wind is not natural."  She said beside him.

"No, it is not.  It is being caused by a summoning spell, a 
big one."  He whispered to himself.  "Come let's go."  He 
said as they floated to the chapel.
***
Latrus continued with a thrust for Miser's chest, but the 
man moved again.

"Nice try."  He gloated and shot an emerald ball of fire 
at his opponent.

Latrus glided through the air at such incredible speeds that 
he went right through the wall of one of the buildings.  He 
slowly got to his feet and was ready to fight, when another 
blast of energy hit him from the side.  He clenched his 
teeth in pain as he fell to his knees.
***
Katrina threw a spear of energy for her father's throat.  He 
moved his head to the side to dodge, but she charged towards 
him as soon as she released the energy.  Her sword came 
slashing down, but sparks flashed as she connected with his 
axe.

"Father, why?"  She asked as she jumped into the air to 
dodge his swinging axe.

"Because Nimbus can free us from our misery."  He 
answered.

"He can't.  He is a demon sorcerer.  He works for Chaos and 
is going to destroy everything."  She screamed.

"Your wrong.  He is going to bring a new reign to the 
demons."  He said and jumped into the sky.  His axe came 
for her throat, but she teleported to the ground.

"You stupid, old man.  Why don't you see that he is no 
different than Chaos?  Look!"  She said pointing at Miser.  
"LOOK!"  She yelled again as the man followed to where she 
was pointing.  "That demon is one of the followers of 
Chaos.  I saw him go into our dark master's chambers.  No 
one has seen the lord, except his followers.  Miser is an 
enemy and if he is with Nimbus, then so is Nimbus."  She 
said and took a deep breath.

"No, it can't be."  He muttered in disbelief.  "IT CAN'T 
BE!"  He yelled and charged his weapon's energy as it began 
to glow brighter and pulse quicker at each beat.

"WAKE UP!"  She screamed as her weapon did the same.  

They charged each other.  Katrina raised her weapon into the 
sky as Glark did the same.  She was not even five feet away 
when an arch of energy left her sword.  Glark's sword did 
the same, and when the arches connected a radiant blast of 
energy covered over the battle area of the two demons as 
everything vanished by the touch of the strange light.
***
Latrus starred in fear as the dome of light disintegrated 
everything it touched.  Fury fled through his soul now.  He 
felt his muscles regain strength.  His body flared as red 
energy surrounded his existence.

"What's this?"  Miser asked a little startled.  

"Your death."  He said calmly and stabbed his sword into 
the demon's chest.

Miser growled in pain as green blood spewed down his robe.  
His robe sizzled at the touch of his blood.

"Damn!"  Latrus cursed.  "Your blood is venom."  He 
opened his hands and jumped back as his sword vanished.

"You...can't beat...me that...easily."  Miser said as he 
stood perfectly straight as if nothing had happened.

"I can and did."  Latrus smiled.

"Did you?"  Miser hissed as his wound began to heal.

"Impossible."  Latrus said in shock and began to quiver in 
fear.
"Yes, isn't it?"  He gloated again and released bolts of 
emerald lightning on to Latrus's body.  Latrus faltered to 
the ground in pain.

"I thought you wanted me."  He quivered and spoke as if to 
a god.  "Then, why end it this way."  He said and closed 
his eyes while screaming in pain.

"Latrus!"  Ryoko yelled running with sword ready to 
strike.

"Foolish girl."  Miser said and fired a bolt at her head.

Ryoko jumped back, but she was too late the bolt was still 
coming toward her.  She closed her eyes and waited for the 
painful blow.

"Ryoko."  Tenchi screamed.

"Mommy."  Ryshu screamed in fear as well.

Ryoko opened her eyes, nothing happened.  She looked up to 
see Glark standing in front of her.

"Go.  My daughter is right.  Nimbus is working for Chaos.  
I will handle Miser."  He said not removing his eyes from 
his opponent in front of him.  "Kat, my child, do not look 
back."  He said grimly.

"How touching, Glark!"  Miser taunted.  "Now come and die 
like the rest of them."

"In Hell!"  Glark roared and black energy surrounded him.  
"Go!"  He screamed.

Katrina picked up Latrus and they ran into the chapel.  
Tenchi, Ryshu, Washu, Tokimi, and Ryoko followed from 
behind.

"Now, we die."  Glark said and screamed an agonizing sound 
as the energy left his body.

"What?  WAIT!  I can't stop it."  Miser panicked as the 
dark energy surrounded his body as well.  "MASTER, I 
FAILED...AHHHHHH!"  He screamed in deathly pain and 
vanished with the light, as well did Glark.
***
"Father."  Katrina whispered to herself as a tear dropped 
down her cheek.

"He did it for us."  Latrus said running beside her.  
"Mother."  He said and sighed as they climbed the 
staircase to the chapel.
***

"What are you doing?"  Asked the woman her features were 
all shaded like a shadow.

"I'm going to help save the world."  Cheered the little 
boy.
The woman giggled and stroked his dark hair, as his features 
were also shaded.  "Well, we will have to leave soon.  
Trouble is coming."  She smiled.  "I love you, my son."  
She said.

"I love you too, Mommy."  Said the little boy.
***
Latrus flashed his eyes at the door in front of him.

"Chaos, will die."  He snarled to himself.

"Behind these doors lies our threat."  Katrina said.

"Let's not keep them waiting."  Tenchi said and kicked the 
doors open.

"Glad you can make it."  Nimbus cheered.  "Why have you 
come to stop me?  You know, what I am doing can save us 
all."  He declared.

"By you becoming god."  Tenchi said in rage.

"Yes, if I must."  Nimbus smiled at the thought.  His 
white suite and trench coat shuttered violently against the 
strange wind blowing around him.

"It ends now."  Latrus said leaping to take his head off.

Nimbus raised his hand and Latrus fell to the ground unable 
to move.

"You can't hurt me.  You are a demon.  I can control your 
every movement."  Nimbus said annoyingly.  He moved another 
strand of his blonde hair from his face.  "This is a huge 
chapel, isn't?"  He smiled in awe.  "They say it could 
hold up to two thousand people.  I could have been at the 
altar waiting for you, but I figured we would fight the 
battle here."  He said vigorously.

"Die."  Tenchi yelled and flew back into the wall as 
Nimbus pushed him back.

"Tenchi."  Ryoko cried and summoned her sword and followed 
him.  

"So you want your shot.  Well, here it is."  Nimbus 
gloated and he summoned a crimson colored sword of his own.  
He swung for Ryoko's waist, but she parried it away.

Ryoko swung low to take out his side, but Nimbus backhanded 
her into the wall.  He kissed her passionately on the cheek.  

"I kissed the granddaughter of Chaos."  He said.  "Now, 
die."  He said slowly, and stabbed his sword forward, but 
found nothing.  "What?"  He looked up and immediately 
jumped back as Ryoko slashed downward.  

"Take this."  Came a scream.

Nimbus looked behind him and saw Tenchi running towards him.  
He back kicked Tenchi and swung back for Ryoko's head, but 
stopped as he met eye to eye with Washu.

"Washu!"  He gasped and walked backward.  "Daughter of 
Chaos, stay back."  He threatened.  

"I can't."  She said and a sword appeared in her hands.  
She swung at his left leg, but he jumped in came down with a 
kick in her face.  She flew back.

Tokimi jumped in, but Nimbus blew a kiss and a fireball 
knocked her into the wall.  He jumped forward and tackled 
Ryoko to the ground.  He hopped to his feet and threw his 
fist into Tenchi's jaw knocking the boy to the ground.
***
"Come, Ayeka.  This way."  Gratin-Lar said.  "Let's crash 
through the roof."  He smiled.  "What do you say?"

"That sounds like an invitation to me."  She smiled back.  
She pushed her hands forward releasing a violet energy ball 
crash through the chapel's roof.
***
"What?"  Nimbus jumped back as the roof fell to the ground 
from above.

"Are we late?"  Gratin-Lar asked throwing an orange energy 
disk at Nimbus.

"You're right on time..."  Nimbus said jumping back onto a 
pew.  "time to meet your maker."  He laughed as two clear 
disks left his hand and flew up to the two flying guardians.

Both Ayeka and Gratin-Lar fell hard to the ground.  Nimbus 
took one giant leap to where they laid and went for the 
finishing blow.

"No!"  Washu yelled grabbing his foot and knocking Nimbus 
to the ground.

Nimbus retaliated by kicking his foot back into her face.  
He stepped back while Washu wiped the blood away that was 
pouring out her nose.

"Witch!"  He screamed.

"I'm not finished."  Washu hissed in pain.  She pushed 
herself to the air and  fired bolts of energy at the ground 
below her.

"Nice try, but it would work if I was standing there."  
Nimbus said calmly and punched the shocked Washu in jaw 
knocking her back down to the ground.

"Now, who's next?"  He challenged with a grin.  

"Me!"  Tenchi roared throwing a kick into Nimbus's gut.  
He threw his elbow downward on Nimbus' back while the man 
leaned forward in pain.  Nimbus was released and fell to the 
ground.  

He looked up and gave a wry smile.  "Get down here, kid."  
He said as his hand released a dark blue light toward 
Tenchi.  Before Tenchi could move it hit, bringing him back 
down to the ground.  "AND DIE!"  He yelled at the now 
unconscious Tenchi.

"NO!"  Ryoko screamed, but was too injured to move.

"That's right!  I have to kill you."  He said raising his 
sword above his head over the paralyzed Ryoko.

"NO!"  Yelled both Ryshu and the stoned Latrus.

Ryshu summoned his sword like his mother and ran toward the 
dangerous man.  He raised his sword ready to cut the man in 
half.

"I see, a little warrior.  Dead."  He said raising his 
hand up at the charging boy.

"NO!"  Ryoko screamed in motherly rage.  "I don't care if 
evil or not, but give me the power to kill this monster.  I 
need it now."  She prayed and then a bright golden light 
surrounded her body, and Ryoko's eyes remained closed.

"What?"  Nimbus freaked at the sight.  "What's going on?"  
He asked as a blast of golden energy knocked him flying into 
a wall.  He scribbled back to his feet, and looked back at 
the golden energy that possessed Ryoko's body.  Her hair was 
flying into the air by an unknown force.  She was also 
floating towards him.  "Who ARE YOU?"  He screamed in pain 
and fear.

"I am the darkness.  I am the destroyer of life.  I am the 
creature that you have been terrorized of.  I am hell to 
you.  I am Chaos."  Replied the monstrous voice from 
Ryoko's body.  "Now prepare the fate that you have made for 
yourself."

"NEVER!"  He screamed and summoned all of his magic for 
one last fight.

The creature did the same and at an instant Nimbus released 
his energy as it surrounded the beast, but Chaos' energy 
blasted it away and began to disintegrate his arm.

Nimbus screamed in an unbearable sound of agony.  "NO!  
THIS IS IMPOSSIBLEEEEE!"  He screamed as the light fully 
surrounded him.

"Ryoko!"  Tenchi said watching the unbelievable sight in 
front of him.

"That is not Ryoko.  It is now Chaos."  Washu croaked 
trying to hold Tenchi back..

"What?"  Tenchi asked in surprise.  He straightened 
himself and took a step forward.  "No, she is in there and 
I am going to bring her back."  He pushed Washu back and 
ran toward the golden globe as it began to rise into the 
air. 

"What?"  Washu gasped as she heard Tokimi scream.  She 
turned to see Tokimi lying in a pool of blood in the back of 
the altar.  "Tokimi!"  She cried and then saw the hooded 
man his hand soaked in blood.  "Chaos."  She said to 
herself.  "LOOK!  It's him.  IT'S HIM."

Latrus glared at the figure.  "You."  He snarled.  He 
leaped to his feet with Washu and Katrina behind.

Gratin-Lar and Ayeka stood still and could only watch for 
they are not allowed to fight Chaos.  Their light energy was 
not strong enough to beat his black energy.  They watched 
Tenchi disappear into the golden globe and could only pray.

The crimson robed man knocked Washu down, and kicked Katrina 
into a wall.  He grabbed Latrus by the throat and threw him 
to the ground.  

"Who are you?"  Latrus asked as he gasped for air at the 
same time.

"I am Latrus."  He replied.

"Huh."  Washu got to her feet puzzled.

"How?"  Latrus asked the crimson robed man.

"Okay, tell me your name, and I will tell you mine."  He 
smiled.

"I am..."  He whispered his name into his ear.

"And I am the one who has been waiting for you, Chaos.  
Nice to meet you."  The crimson robed man smiled.

"Let's see what you look like."  Washu said ripping the 
man's hood off from behind, but a plow of red hair made her 
falter backwards.  "What?"  She stood in shock for she saw 
herself in front of herself.

"Surprised."  Said the robed Washu.

"Yeah."  She answered, but looked down as blood dripped 
from a hole in her chest and she fell.

"DIE!"  Latrus said from behind and turned the thing 
around and was met with himself.  "How?"  

"I am everything I see, and I see you."  The robed Latrus 
said and knocked him into a wall.  Latrus coughed blood out 
as his stomach ached in pain.
***
"Ryoko, I will not let you go."  Tenchi called as the 
golden light tried to hurt him, but had no effect.

Ryoko's corpse flowed through the energy with her eyes still 
closed.  She opened them as Tenchi drew near.  "Ten..chi."  
She spoke sadly.

"NO!  Don't leave"  He called and stretched his hand to 
reach her.  He reached and took her left hand and the light 
faded and the two lay exhausted back in the chapel.

Ryoko looked up and saw Washu badly injured and Katrina 
unconscious.  She looked back and saw Ryshu laying on the 
ground quivering in fear.  She reached for his hand and 
pulled him to her.

"What's going on?'  She asked him comfortingly.

"Thaaaaat iiiss Chhhhaaaos."  He muttered out in fear.

Ryoko watched as Latrus' life was draining by the choke.

"Die." Chaos uttered.

"Not, yet."  Latrus struggled and kicked the demon into a 
wall and took in deep breaths of air.

He got up and summoned is blade and stood ready to fight.  
"Now, this is for me."  He yelled and punched the beast in 
face.  "This is for Washu."  He said kicking him in the 
gut.  "This is for Kat."  He raged on and gave an uppercut 
to the chin.  He pulled Chaos toward him.  "And this."  
Raising his fist tauntingly.  "This is for my MOM!"  He 
yelled pushed his sword into the gut of the demon.

The fake Latrus dropped to the ground in pain.

"What?"  Ryoko questioned, as she didn't notice it before.  
That was her son fighting.  It was an older Ryshu, but how.  
She had to help him.

Latrus swung his sword downward, but fell to the ground by a 
kick from below.  He leaped to his feet and was met by a 
punch into the face.

"Now, we die."  Chaos cheered.

"RYSHU!"  Ryoko called out in worry.

Latrus looked back and gave a smile of thanks.  He grabbed 
his opponent and hoisted him into the air.  "Now."  He 
called while Chaos struggled to be released of his hold.

"What are you going to do, boy?"  Chaos asked tauntingly..

"This!"  Washu called as her saber sliced into the neck.

"Get down."  Latrus pushed her down and the best exploded 
in a hell blast.

Latrus slowly crawled to his feet.  He looked back and saw 
Ryoko running toward him.  He looked back down, as Washu was 
unconscious under him.  

"You used the rest of your strength to save me.  Thanks."  
He said and sighed in relief as she was still breathing.  He 
looked up to see Ryoko standing above him.

"You are my son.  Aren't you?  She asked sincerely, but 
happily.

"Yes."  He replied as she gave him a hug.  A hug that he 
has not felt in centuries.  He pushed her back as a tear 
fell down his cheek.  "I have been through hell since this 
day arrived.  You and Tenchi entered that golden globe and 
never came back.  Chaos came and raised me and Katrina to be 
his chosen ones."  He stopped and looked at the black void 
that he has never noticed before.  His face began to 
enlighten with happiness and fear as he knew what was left.  
"Its not over."  He said.

"Yes, it is."  Ryoko argued.

"No, it isn't."  He said sadly.

"Chaos, I remember what he looks like.  That was not him.  
That was a mirror spell.  It reflects whatever it sees and 
is only controlled by the magician that summons it.  Lift 
that robe and you will see broken shards of glass."  He 
said.

Tenchi pulled the crimson robe away from the ground and saw 
the broken piles of glass.  "Chaos it still here."  He 
said in disappointment.
  
"Chaos is waiting for me in there."  He said nodding his 
head toward the darkness.

"Where does that lead?"  She asked.

"To the demon's world and hell.  The throne of Chaos is in 
there and my destiny."  He said glancing back at the 
ground.

"You can't fight."  Ryoko pleaded.  "You did this to 
regain your family, your life.  You can't go fight him.  He 
will kill you if he is powerful as you say he is."  Ryoko 
cried.

"That is my destiny.  I have to go because I will never 
have gained my life back until that beast of hell is 
destroyed.  I have no choice."  He said grimly.

"Let us come with you."  She said with hope.

"I can't.  Only two people can enter the room.  That is 
Katrina and I.  You have good energy from Jurai flowing 
through your body now.  You will die at the first step, so 
will Tenchi and the others."  He said and got to his feet.

"Washu?"  She begged.

"Washu is in there possessed by Chaos.  At least, my 
grandmother in the future is.  He will only possess your 
Washu too.  We are the only ones that can go."  He said 
walked over to help Katrina to her feet.

"But, your injured.  Stay and heal, then go."  Ryoko cried 
again.

"Chaos will heal me.  This is our duel planned by God and 
him.  He and I have to be equal in health for the battle to 
take place.  Otherwise, God will fight him and his chances 
are good as none in that fight.  I will be all right."  He 
assured her placing his hand on her shoulder.  "Besides he 
is your son.  He needs you, and I need your memories."  He 
smiled.  "You all can wait here, for if I fail my future 
will not change, but if I win we will come out of this 
portal."

"Amazing, if we allowed Nimbus to succeed, Chaos would have 
been stopped."  Katrina said looking at the broken shards 
of glass.

"Maybe."  The older Ryshu said looking back at the gate.

"What do you mean?"  Tenchi asked.

"Nimbus was possessing the churches of the universe by 
destroying them.  He would, then, be able to bring Chaos 
into this world.  Doing that, he could control Chaos, and 
have it destroy itself."  The older Ryshu explained.

"I wonder why he was so determined to risk billions of 
lives to destroy Chaos?"  Kat said looking down at her 
feet.

"Men of revenge do anything to satisfy their soul no matter 
the cost."  The older Ryshu said. "Let's go, Kat.  Don't 
want to make destiny wait forever."  He said and took her 
hand.  They walked toward the gate and starred at it for a 
while.  

"Ready?"  She asked.

"Ready."  He replied and they walked in while the rest of 
their party can only wait and pray.
***
The small child remained in the darkness his eyes still 
closed.

"Come."  He summoned.
***
"Chaos!"  Ryshu yelled in the darkness.

"Yes."  Replied Washu as she appeared.

"I did everything to get to our fight, now show your true 
self and cast my grandmother aside.  This is between you and 
me."  He said challenging the demon god.

Washu's body fell unconscious and dropped to the ground.

"And the girl?"  Asked the voice of a ten-year-old child.

"She is here to help me escape this world.  No more.  No 
less."  He said.

"So you think you will win."  Replied a laughing child.  
"Let's just see."

Ryshu listened as footsteps came closer to him.  They grew 
louder.  He looked forward as a boy surrounded by golden 
energy came up to him.  The boy's hair stood straight up 
like Ryoko's did before, and wavered too.  His eyes were 
empty.  There were no pupils.  He was dressed in a knight's 
black armor.  His shoulder pads had a dragon's head on each 
pad with two horns pointing upward.  A golden sword rested 
at his side.  He looked comical for the sword was twice his 
size.  The sword looked like a normal Excalibur, except for 
the bull face at the tip of the golden hilt.

"So it is the little demon of legends that is behind this 
madness.  No wonder Chaos knew how to fulfill your prophecy, 
because you are Chaos."  Ryshu laughed to himself in 
disbelief of falling for a simple plan.  It was so simple 
that everyone never thought about it being possible.  "Are 
you prepared to die, Chaos?"  Ryshu said with a malicious 
grin.

"I don't plan to die, but first."  Chaos said and blinked 
his left eye as golden energy surrounded Ryshu's body.  The 
energy vanished with another blink of an eye.  "That should 
heal your wounds.  God planned this duel, so lets see if his 
champion can win."  Chaos said and began to laugh 
victoriously.

TO BE CONTINUED...

This is the end of chapter eight.  What do you think?  Chaos 
is out in the open and there is just the final battle, and 
the saga to Ryoko's Precious Secret is over.  Continue 
reading to find out what happens next in Chapter Nine:  The 
Duel of Destiny, Good vs. Evil.  I love to read comments 
about my story or questions.  So if you have any, e-mail me 
at washu@saiyan.com.  And to answer one question that some might 
have.  Yosho stayed to host all of the other Jurians.  
Thanks and continue reading my fan fics.


