Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and Pioneer.
  Please do not sue me.  Enjoy the sequel to Ryoko's Precious Secret.

Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter 1: Revived

It has been a week since Ryoko's funeral.  Tenchi was in his room
remembering everything that happened when Chaos was on the mortal plain.  He
wanted to go to the depths of hell and slay the demon for its crimes, but
Washu told him that it was impossible and suicidal.  He also remembered why
Ryoko could not be revived.

"There was nothing I could do."  Tenchi said staring at the picture of
Ryoko, Ayeka, and him.  "If only Chaos was of this mortal plain, I could
heal your wounds, but Washu said demons take lives no matter what your
healing ability.  I am sorry.  I have failed you."  Tenchi said biting his
lip.  He got to his feet and left the room.

Tenchi walked down the stairs.  He stopped at the sound of someone calling
him by a familiar name.

"Daddy."  Ryshu called and jumped into Tenchi's arms.

"Hello, Ryshu."  Tenchi said and smiled at the boy in his arms.

"Are you going to see mommy?"  He asked with tears falling down his cheeks.

"Yes, I am."  Tenchi replied and looked into the boy' eyes, who was now his
son.  "Don't cry little one."  He said and waited for his son to give a
reply.

"I just miss her, daddy."  Ryshu said trying to wipe the tears off his face
with his hands.

"I know you do.  We all do.  Do you want to come with me?"  Tenchi asked and
gave a big smile.

"Aunt Ayeka says that I have to go to bed."  He said with a frown on his
face.

"Did she now?"  Tenchi said and Ryshu nodded his head yes.  "Well, she and
everyone else will have to come with us."  He said with a smile.  "Why don't
you go get everyone, and we will meet down stairs in five minutes?"

"Okay."  Ryshu said and jumped out of Tenchi's arms and ran into Ayeka and
Sasami's room.

Tenchi walked to the bottom of the stairs, and saw Nobyoki looking at him.
"What's wrong dad?"  Tenchi asked.

"Mihoshi said there is a disturbance in sector 12-Y.  She told me to tell
you and the others bye.  Something about a church rivalry."  He said.

"Okay, dad.  But that is not bothering you.  What is?"  Tenchi asked.

"You are.  You need to stop going to the cave every evening.  I am not
saying to never go there again, but I am saying you need to slowly move away
from it.  If you don't, you will be miserable for the rest of your life.
Try to do what your Grandpa does.  He goes to Grandma's grave once a year.
If you do that, you won't have to feel so guilty.  It just hurts me to see
you this way, my son."  He said staring into Tenchi's eyes.

Tenchi could only stare at his father.  It was one of the few times his
father has given him advice on life and death, and he always took the
advice, but this time his father was asking too much of him.

"Dad, I don't know if I can, but I will try."  Tenchi said and looked into
his father's eyes.

"I know it will hurt for a while, but in time you will feel better.  I
promise you that."  Nobyoki said.  "Do you want me to go with you tonight?"

"Sure, dad.  I am inviting everyone to come."  Tenchi said and gave his dad
a hug.

It was dark and the stars were shining bright.  A group of shadows stood in
front of a cave.  One was in the center of the group.

"It is time men."  Lanch said looking at his team.  He pulled out a flat
disk from his army vest and laid it on the ground.  He pushed a green
button, and a hologram of a man in a white suite with white shoes stood
before them.  He had blonde hair.

"Gentlemen, let's not forget the mission.  To take the body of Ryoko, and
erase her from the memories of the family at that shrine.  Especially the
boy and the girl named Washu, who can change into a woman.  I am giving you
three hours to complete it.  Fail and die that is my motto to you men.
Remember, three hours."  The hologram said.

"Yes, Mr. Nimbus."  Lanch said and kneeled down and pushed another button
and the hologram disappeared.  Lanch stood up and faced his men.  "You two
in the front; come with me.  The rest of you stay guard and let me know when
we have company.  Is that understood?"  The men saluted him.  Lanch walked
into the cave with the two men he selected following behind him.

The cave was dark, but Lanch could see every stone in the cave, with the
help of the light emitters from Nimbus Industries.  The goggle could produce
light without any enemy from seeing the light.  They continued their walk.
They stopped at a dead end.  Lanch looked to his left and put his hand on a
loose stone.  The surface under them collapsed and they slid down the broken
surface without a sound.  They reached the bottom and noticed the room was
emitting light.  Lanch took off his goggles and walked toward an object in
the center of the room.

"She is indeed beautiful."  Lanch said and walked toward the tomb of the
deceased Ryoko.

He placed his gloved hand on her forehead.  He could feel the power
radiating through her.  She was dead no doubt about it, but her power was
still there.  Lanch signaled the two men to come to his side.  They
immediately ran to him.  He pointed at Ryoko, and one of them pulled a cube
from his pocket.  He laid it on the ground, and pushed the giant yellow
button in the center of it.  It began to stretch out forming flat metal bed.
  He pushed a green button on the side of the bed and it began to levitate.
  He then walked over to Ryoko's side and picked her up.  He walked back to
the bed and laid her on the bed.  He then reached into his pocket and pulled
some kind of control device from his pocket.  The other man stood guard
holding a weapon that looked like a snake.  Lanch stood in silence staring
at the dead Ryoko.

"Let's move out."  He ordered and they turned and began to climb out of the
cave.

(Ten minutes later outside the cave)

"Contact the chopper.  We got her."  Lanch ordered and one of the men pushed
on a headset he was wearing.

"They are on their way, sir."  The man replied.

"Good."  Lanch said.  He then looked back at Ryoko.  His thought was
interrupted by one of his own men running toward him.

"We got a group of people coming up here, sir."  The man replied.

"No bother.  I hear the chopper, now."  Lanch smiled as the wind began to
pick up at the sound of the helicopter.

They looked up and saw their ride, but there was a man on the side of the
helicopter.  He was wearing a white suite and trench coat, which was
unbuttoned. The helicopter slowly began to land.  The man jumped down and
walked over to the men who were trying to stand on their feet because of the
helicopter's wind it was creating with its blades.  The man had no problem
keeping his balance.  He walked toward them as if the helicopter was not
there.

"Greetings, Lanch.  Where is she?"  He asked pulling some blonde strands of
his hair from his face.

"Right behind me, Mr. Nimbus."  He moved to the side, so Nimbus could see
her.

"She is indeed beautiful, but beauty is nothing to me.  Is her power still
in tact?"  Nimbus said with an evil grin on his face.

"Yes, sir."  Lanch said.

"Good.  Thank you boys.  You have done well."  Nimbus said as an object
slipped out of his hand and fell in between them.  During the confusion
Nimbus threw an object at Ryoko, and pushed a button in his coat with the
other hand.  Lanch and his men began to scream as a bright light surrounded
them and the helicopter.  When it vanished, they were all gone.  "That was
impressive.  I am sorry Lanch.  You were a loyal servant, but I can't have
any witnesses.  I guess I will have to fly the helicopter on my own."
Nimbus said with that evil smile on his face.

He pushed a button inside his coat and the metal bed with Ryoko's body on
top floated into the open helicopter's door.  He pushed another button and
the helicopter began to fly releasing a ladder as it took off.

"Now that family, and then I can leave them in peace.  I want to kill them,
but that would cause a battle.  I can't be forced to fight that boy."
Nimbus spoke to himself as his smile changed into a face of anger.

He looked left and saw a group of people running toward him.

"Who are you?"  One of them yelled.  Nimbus looked closer to see the boy.

"I am nobody.  You will remember nothing."  Nimbus said and pulled a rod
from his jacket.  He also pulled out white sunglasses and put them on.
Smiling at his pursuers, he broke the rod and a bright red light emitted
from it surrounding the entire area around the cave.  When it vanished, his
pursuers lay motionless on the ground.

He grabbed the ladder above him and reached into his coat to push another
button, and the helicopter flew higher and then left the site of the cave in
darkness and silence.

(Ten minutes later)

"Where are we?"  Tenchi asked.

"It appears we are by the cave."  Ayeka replied.

"Daddy, why are we by the cave?"  Ryshu asked Tenchi.

"I do not know."  Tenchi replied.

Tenchi held his head tight as an image of a woman with cyan hair appeared in
his mind, but who couldn't remember who she was.

They all got to their feet and walked back toward the house.

(Nimbus Industries in Australia)

"This should revive you, my dear."  Nimbus said looking at Ryoko.  He turned
around to look at his new lab.  It was small, but effective to his cause.
He enjoyed the killing of his men.  The device he used destroys all flesh,
but not plants, or stones, as well as machines.  It was effective to
disintegrate their bodies.  He couldn't have that family wonder about having
dead bodies on their holy ground.  Then, there were the scientists and men
that built the lab.  They were all assassinated earlier that evening.  No
one alive could know about his new laboratory.

He looked back at Ryoko.  She was on a bed and strapped to it with some sort
of energy bands.  He stripped her of her clothes.  He hated looking at her.
She was so beautiful, but full of innocence as well.  He walked over to a
control room and entered the small room.  He looked at the controls and
began to type commands on the control panel.  Two giant machines on top of
the control room, which looked like assault cannons, turned to face Ryoko.

Nimbus looked into the monitor before him.  The target was over Ryoko.  It
was too perfect that he reached to his right and pushed a red switch up and
the two cannons fired streams of violet light on Ryoko's body.  Nimbus used
his left hand to move a lever up, and each time he moved it up, the thicker
the streams of the violet light became.  He pushed it upward to the maximum
level and stood up straight and gave a half grin.

"You will be among the living soon. Enjoy the trip, Ryoko."  He said and
watched the light show in front of him.

"This dark tunnel is so long, but I am almost toward the light."  Ryoko said
as she was getting scared of the darkness around her.

She continued to walk toward the light, but felt a force began to push her
back.

"What the..." She screamed and began to float backwards at incredible speed.

She screamed and then darkness surrounded her and she lost consciousness.

"She appears to be reviving."  Nimbus grinned and looked at his monitors.
The straight lines began to move in a wave faster and faster.  "Good."  He
said and pulled the lever down and pushed the button.  The cannons stopped
and the violet light was gone.

Nimbus walked over to the sleeping Ryoko.  She was still unconscious.  He
put his hand on her cheek.  It was warm.  He smiled in triumph that his
machine worked.  Just then the girl's eyes began to open.

Ryoko did not know what happened and tried to open her eyes, but they were
so heavy.  When she opened her eyes, the light blinded her.

"Welcome back to the living, Ryoko."  An unfamiliar voice said.

It sounded like a man, but she could not see him.

"I cannot see."  She moaned in pain.  Her lungs were sore.

"That is because your eyes have been closed for quite awhile.  I also assume
your lungs hurt as well."  The voice said.

"Yes, how do you know?"  She asked.

"Because I brought you back to the living."  He said.

"Why?"  She asked.

"You are very important to me.  Let us leave it at that."  He replied.

"Who are you?"  She asked as her lungs were now used to her breathing.

"I am Nathaniel Nimbus."  Nimbus said.

"Where are my son and Tenchi?  Where are my friends?"  She asked.

"I am afraid they were killed in a car accident a couple of days ago.  I am
sorry.  Now, get some rest.  I will be back in a couple of hours, when you
are able to see again.  Until then, rest well."  He said.

She had no feeling in her body and felt like she was dead, and lay there in
sadness mourning the loss of her son and friends.

"That went better than I expected.  Soon, this world will be no more and I
will be God."  Nimbus said and began to laugh maniacally.

To Be Continued...

This is the end of chapter one.  Keep reading to find out the mysteries of
Nimbus and his reason for wanting Ryoko.  Enjoy Chapter two: Plans, when I
am finished with it.  Thank you for reading my fan fics.  I would love to
hear your comments, so e-mail me at washu@saiyan.com.  I have been having
trouble getting to animenation to check my mail, so you might need to e-mail
me at locknear@hotmail.com.