Disclaimer:  The characters in this fic are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  Only a few are my own creations.  Enjoy the 
conclusion to Revelations.


Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter Nine:  The Duel of Destiny, Good Vs. Evil


	Darkness surrounded the combatants.  The cool breeze 
blew with more intensity.  Ryshu looked at Katrina in 
worry.

	"Get out of here.  What happens next is between him 
and me," he ordered.

	"But," she complained.

	"NO BUTS, GO!" he roared charging toward Chaos.

	She turned and ran toward the bright light behind her.  
Tears of bitterness dripped upon her shirt, as the light 
grew brighter.  She closed her eyes, as the brightness was 
too much to bear.

	"So you challenge God," the boy laughed.

	"You're not GOD," Ryshu yelled swing to take the 
demon's head.

	Chaos vanished and reappeared behind him.  His sword 
resting in his sheath.  The demon raised his hand and 
watched as Ryshu flew deeper into the darkness.  

	"It's no use to fight me," he yelled into the 
darkness.  "For those who defy God, shall die," he said 
tightening his fist and swinging it toward his chest as 
Ryshu flew back at him.  He opened his hand and Ryshu 
dropped to the ground.

	"Fight me.  Or can you only use your power to beat 
me," Ryshu taunted.

	"No, but I am God, and shall do as I wish," replied 
the child's voice.  His long red hair standing straight 
into the air.  It only moved when the wind blew through it.

	"Draw your sword and fight," Ryshu grinned eagerly.

	"You are thinning God's patience," he said annoyingly 
and unsheathed his golden sword.  The golden blade shined 
brightly through the darkness.

	Ryshu leaped and parried with the demon, but Chaos 
kicked him in the chest and sent him flying back.  Ryshu 
landed a few feet in front of Chaos and gasped as his ribs 
were broken by the kick.  Chaos was stronger than he looks.
***
	Tenchi tried to pull Ryoko away from the portal, but 
she kept looking in fright.  He tapped her shoulder and 
when he didn't receive a response.  Then, he felt her 
shiver and looked up to see a shadowy figure walking out of 
the portal.  Tenchi prepared to fight, but dropped his 
sword when he saw Kat step out.

	"WHERE IS MY SON?" Ryoko roared.

	"He is fighting Chaos, and I was sent back because 
Chaos might try to use me to win the fight," Kat replied as 
her own voice was shaky.

	"Come Ryoko, let's go home.  There is nothing we can 
do now, but..." his words were interrupted by a low voice 
mumbling in pain.

	"Die," came the words right after Tenchi's unfinished 
sentence.

	Tenchi turned around slowly to see a severely burned 
Nimbus standing to his feet.  A black energy rod glowed in 
his hand.  Nimbus tightened his fist and the rod turned 
into a scythe.

	"Ryoko, get everyone out of here.  I will handle him," 
Tenchi said and opened his hand, and the tenchiken floated 
with incredible speed into his hand.  He summoned the blade 
and charged toward Nimbus.  

Nimbus swung his scythe to take Tenchi's head, but Tenchi 
blocked, and brought his sword to take out Nimbus' legs.  
Nimbus blocked and with his free hand punched Tenchi in the 
jaw sending him into the wall across the room.

	"Now it can truly be finished," he smiled and it 
disappeared as two figures floated past him.  "NOOOOOO!!!   
He's mine," he hissed and followed the fighting figures.

	"Latrus," Ryoko screamed as the older Ryshu and Chaos 
were now outside of the portal.

	Nimbus came from behind to fight Chaos and leaped back 
as Chaos almost took his head.  Chaos kicked Ryshu to the 
ground and leaped on top of Nimbus taking him to the ground 
as well.

	"So you want to dance," came the small boy's insane 
voice.

	"Yes," replied Nimbus.

	"Good," Chaos smiled and leaped into the air, taking 
Nimbus with him.  He stopped above the burning city and 
dropped Nimbus.

	"AGGHHHHH!" screamed Ryshu as he swung for Chaos' body 
again.  "Let's take this some where else.  The fight is 
between you and me."

	"Agreed," replied Chaos and they floated higher into 
the sky.

	"NO, RYSHU!" Ryoko screamed and jumped into the air, 
but someone pulled her down.

	"Ryoko stop it.  That over there is your son and he 
needs you, not Latrus.  That man knew his destiny when he 
came here.  Now, help your son that is here.  Maybe he will 
come back alive," Tenchi suggested with a small grin.

	"But I can't stand the thought of him dying in his 
future," she cried.

	"The future isn't always written to stay the same.  It 
could change," he whispered to her and pointed to a crying 
and worried little boy.  "Go to your son."

	Ryoko got to her feet and walked over to her son.  She 
picked him up in her arms and cradled him to comfort him.  
She turned back at Tenchi.

	"GO!  I will give you more time," he yelled and 
charged toward a now enraged Nimbus.

	She held back her tears and ran toward Gratin-Lar and 
Ayeka.  They were helping the injured Washu to her feet. 

	"Come, I got her.  Let's get out of here," Gratin-Lar 
said sternly and all five of them flew into the nightly 
sky.
***
	Ryshu swung to take out Chaos' arm, but the demon 
laughed and parried it away.  He barely blocked the evil 
creature's next attack as he lost his balance from his own.

	"There is always someone who wants to take out God, 
but don't you understand I am invincible," hissed the demon 
boy.

	Ryshu brought his blade to his chest and tossed it out 
to take Chaos' heart, but Chaos parried it away.

	"Get a clue.  You are not God," he said with rage and 
threw his knee into the demon's chest bringing the beast to 
its knees.  "So you can feel pain," he smiled.

	"And you will die.  For NO ONE STRIKES DOWN GOD AND 
LIVES," he yelled firing a huge bolt of energy.  Ryshu 
teleported behind Chaos and watched as the energy created a 
super nova as it hit a star.

	"Nice, but not good enough," he said hastily as 
blocked a blow for his face.  He looked up to see the 
insane appearance of the long fire red haired boy.  His 
eyes blinked uncontrollably.  His cheeks did the same.  He 
moved as if his flesh was about to leave his body.

	"I am your God.  Why do you rebel against me?"

	"You know, I am getting tired of your sentences not 
making sense," he said as his fist collided with Chaos' 
nose.

	Chaos leaped back as blood poured out of his nose.  He 
starred at the blood for what seemed like a long time.  His 
body was shaking worse than before.  Ryshu watched as he 
almost thought he could see the rage within the boy.

	"Blood, my own blood.  You shed my own blood," he 
muttered insanely.  "You are erased from heaven, and this 
mortal world forever," he laughed and the charge was on.

	Ryshu parried his blows while dodging the kicks.  
Ryshu glared at Chaos with hate and pushed the demon back 
with his own attacks.

	"If you are God, then you will be erased, and the 
universe will be a new and better place," he yelled and 
kicked the beast in the chest sending it flying in space.
***
	Tenchi blocked Nimbus' attack for his skull swung his 
own blow for the chest, but Nimbus stopped his attack.  
Nimbus was good, and Tenchi had doubts of his own skills.  
He blocked a shot for his leg and kicked Nimbus back.

	"You are going to lose this fight, boy," Nimbus said 
as he faltered back from the kick.

	"We shall see," he said with a grin.  This was a fight 
that somehow he didn't want, but the thrill of seeing who, 
is the best pierced his every ambition.  Tenchi felt 
stronger as he parried the blonde man back.  "It will take 
a lot more than childish fights to stop me," he sneered.

	"This fight is between Chaos and me, not you," Nimbus 
huffed as he parried another of Tenchi's lethal blows.  

	"Everything that we know can end, if you try to 
interfere in that fight," Tenchi said bringing Nimbus to 
the ground.  "You fight Chaos and you will die.  It is not 
your fight.  It never was, now stop this nonsense and wait 
for destiny to take place."

	"Yes, you are right.  You will die," Nimbus roared 
pushing Tenchi high into the air.  Tenchi flew back into 
the wall.  Blood painted the wall as he slid down.  "Now 
that is a sight to treasure, but I must confront my 
destiny.  Chaos is MINE!" he screamed in fury and floated 
off the surface.  He flew higher and higher, then a fist 
knocked him down.  He glanced up to see some woman pushing 
him down.  Her red hair blew across his face.  "Youuuu," he 
hissed.

	"Aye, and now it is over," Kat said as her fist glowed 
in fury.  Nimbus screamed as blood poured out of his mouth.  
Kat pushed her fist in and smiled as she felt her hand 
crush through bone and flesh.  She pushed further and 
admired her work as her hand appeared from the other side 
soaked in Nimbus' blood.  "Now, your soul belongs in hell," 
she whispered.  "Have fun, asshole," she chanted and 
watched as a pale light flashed out of the screaming 
Nimbus.  She tossed the light into the dark portal and 
looked back at the corpse that fell to the ground.  She 
looked around and saw Tenchi's body.  She descended to the 
ground and kneeled by Tenchi's side.  He was breathing.

	"Katrina," he whispered.

	"Yes, it is, Tenchi," she said helping him sit up.

	"Nimbus?" he asked weakly.

	"Dead," came the flat and lack of regret reply.

	"Ryoko and the others?"

	"They are safe for now.  Come I have to get you to 
them," she said carrying Tenchi into her arms.

	"I'm all right," he said tiredly.

	"The hell you are, lad.  Now shut up and let me get 
you out of here," she shouted like he insulted her.  With 
that, she leaped into the sky and they vanished.
***
	Ryshu glanced at the sight before him.  He has been 
fighting Chaos that he didn't notice the scene before him.  
The demon was no where to be seen.  It vanished after he 
kicked it.  

	The light was so bright, but there was warmth emitting 
from it, but yet not as hot as the fire in a star.  It was 
odd.  

	"What is this place?" he asked to himself.

	"It is the center of the universe, the place where the 
devil started the creation of the mortal plain," came the 
evil voice.

	"You're wrong.  It is the place created by God," Ryshu 
yelled into the light.

	"I would not create such a weak and barbaric place," 
came the voice.
	"Then remember this Chaos.  If you are God, then I 
will rather burn in Hell.  It will be much better than 
living with you," Ryshu sneered.

	"Well, then.  You should always watch your back," the 
voice came and Ryshu raised his sword back and blocked the 
blow.  He twirled around to see his opponent.

	Chaos' flesh bubbled as if it was tearing.  Ryshu 
glanced into its empty eyes and understood what must be 
done.  He swung his blade for it's feet and slice his blade 
up to cut the beat in half.

	"Chaos, I know your secret.  Just as you knew my 
mother's," he smiled maliciously.

	"And what is that?" it asked.

	"You can't live in your own body anymore.  You are too 
powerful.  It is shredding before your very eyes.  That is 
why you wanted Washu's body.  She has the only body that 
might be able to with stand your power," he explained as 
his fist connected into the demon's jaw.  He pulled Chaos 
up and smiled.  "One more thing.  You are powerful enough 
to bring God in to the mortal world, and you know he will 
beat you.  You're too much of a threat to the mortal world, 
and all I have to do is break your body and it is 
finished."

	"You are clever, but the devil will never win, and 
neither will you.  I am too close for my plans to fail.  
TOO CLOSE!" it screamed and threw its sword for Ryshu's 
chest.  Ryshu didn't move in time, but speared his sword 
through Chaos as well.  

	The blades glided past each other and flew into their 
targets' chests.  Ryshu fell back and watched as the 
child's body expanded like a balloon.  Darkness leaked 
where flesh once was and grew in size.  The darkness 
continued its growth.  It was the size of a planet, but 
remained growing.

	"So that is the true power of Chaos," he coughed and 
paid no heed to his own blood as he fell into the dark 
abyss below. 
***
	Kat rested Tenchi on to the ground by Ryoko and the 
others.  She shivered as the wind began to pick up and a 
low bellow echoed through the sky.  The roar of the 
darkness was unbelievable.  All of the dead were crawling 
from their crypts.  The dark sky began to shine as fire lit 
the universe.	

	"What is that cold wind?" Tenchi shivered.

	"That is Chaos," Kat replied sternly.  She walked away 
from the party and starred into the evil surrounding them.  
"Latrus, come back," she whispered as a tear fell to her 
lips.  

	"Tenchi, hang in there," Ryoko spoke sadly.  "You will 
be all right."

	Tenchi coughed, as he felt so relaxed, "You're right.  
I will be fine.  Live your life to the fullest, and take 
care of Ryshu," he said weakly.  He took another breath of 
air as he looked into the sky.  
"I...see...my...mother...and grandmother.  They are so 
happyyyy," and with that his breathing ceased.

	"Tenchi," Ryoko nudged him a little, but no response.  
"TENCHI!" she screamed.  "WAKE UP," she rested on her head 
on his chest.  "Don't leave me," she cried. 
***
	"God has come my children," echoed the sinister voice.

	Kat's face was bitter and filled with hatred.  She 
circled around screaming at the voice.  "Chaos!  Fight me.  
You took Latrus from me.   Now pay the price."

	"You, my little Katrina.  I am afraid you will join 
him soon enough.  This mortal plain is about to be 
destroyed," came the voice.  "But if you insist," the voice 
laughed and a red beam of light struck her down.  She 
screamed in pain and fell to the ground. 

	Katrina struggled to get up, but the blast weakened 
her completely.  Her muscles ached at the thought.  Tears 
flowed down her cheeks as hope was taken away.  "How can it 
end like this?" she cried.  

But at that, a trumpet sounded the sky and traveled 
throughout the universe.   Light flowed from the far 
reaches of the plain and traveled quickly to the source.  A 
lighted figure strolled up to her and gathered her in his 
arms.

	"Who are you?" she asked as warmth emitted from just 
his touch.

	"I am one who is here to stop the darkness.  I have 
traveled here to stop my children's crying.  I have allowed 
him too much freedom, but no more.  Rest her child and I 
will set things right," said the heavenly and calm voice.

	Katrina tried to see his face, but the light was so 
bright.  She watched as he took to the sky and became one 
with the light.
***
	Gratin-Lar cradled Ayeka in his arms as they waited 
the inevitable.  The sound of a trumpet alerted him and he 
looked up to see the light travel through the burning sky.

	"Look love," he cheered.  "Our lord is here.  He is 
here," he jumped up in joy.  "Take out that snake," he 
screamed.
	
	Ayeka starred at him in happiness, but remained 
silent.  Tenchi was dead and so was Ryshu.  Washu was also 
nearing death.  She knew she would be able to see them in 
the sky, but her friends would not.  She looked up into the 
light and prayed.
***
	"I am God.  Tremble at my feet," gloated the darkness.  
At the prime of its victory a trumpet sounded.  Chaos' joy 
vanished and it looked for its new challenger.

	"You believe your own lies, my son," came the heavenly 
voice.

	"At last, the devil comes to meet his demise as well," 
it cheered.

	"You know I had hope for you.  I hoped that you would 
change, even though I knew you wouldn't.  That is what hope 
is, believing in the impossible," echoed the voice as the 
light could now be seen by Chaos.

	"How can you be so nice to me?  You call yourself God 
and that is what I am.  I am here to destroy your 
creations, devil.  So why are you nice to me?" it screamed 
and attacked the bright light.

	"Goodbye Chaos," came a sad voice.  The light grew 
brighter and disintegrated the darkness at the touch.  

	It pushed through the dark as if it wasn't there.  The 
light then surrounded it and moved in.  The trapped 
darkness still fought the light, but the ending was not 
going to change.  The light put out the fires in the plain, 
and peace flowed throughout the universe as the darkness 
shrank in size.

	"NO!" Chaos bellowed in fright.  The light broke 
through the darkness and a boy was seen in it.  His red 
wings folded behind him.  His red fire hair rested on his 
shoulders.  His eyes opened at the light.

	"Rest my son," came the voice from the light.  

The light touched and engulfed the boy as Chaos 
screamed at the touch, "I can never dieeEEEEE!!!"  The 
darkness vanished without a trace and the light flowed 
throughout the universe.
***
	"Tenchi, please wake up," Ryoko mourned.  

	The sky was filled with sunlight as a white light 
soaked the earth.  The living dead vanished as the light 
touched them.  It flowed across the destruction caused by 
Chaos and everything was a new.  Trees were green again.  
Fallen buildings now stood tall like the giants they once 
were.  The light flowed across a green meadow and over the 
people in it.

	Ryoko looked up as the light passed her.  She jumped 
as something moved from under her.  She glanced down to see 
Tenchi's chest moving up and down.  She immediately hugged 
him in relief.  "You're alive," she cried out.

	Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and kissed her 
forehead.  "Of course, I am alive.  Chaos?" he asked.

	"I don't know.  I can't feel him and Kat hasn't 
spoken.  I think Latrus is dead," she said sadly trying not 
to mention him as her son's name.  She pulled her sleeping 
son to her lap and the three remained in an arm's embrace.

	Kat walked over to a tree with bright fruit on it, the 
fruit was golden in color.  Two figures lay in front of the 
tree.  One had redwings, and the other had black.  She 
glanced over at the lifeless body of Chaos and turned away 
in fright.  The corpses' empty eyes were now a bright green 
color.  She walked over to Latrus' body and heaved his head 
into her lap.

	"Why did you do that?" she asked sadly.  "You and I 
could have lived together for the first time, and now you 
leave me again."

	The older Ryshu opened his eyes slowly and grabbed her 
hand in his.  At the touch, her wings ripped through the 
back of her shirt and vanished into smoke.  Ryshu's did the 
same.

	"Now we both are free," he smiled.

	"Don't," she shook her head sadly.

	"I want you to go back to our home," he spoke in a 
whisper.

	"But why didn't God bring you back to life?" she 
cried.

	"Go home and you will understand," he said weakly.  
Looking up at the tree he smiled.  "Amazing this is where 
it all began and now it ends, the Tree of Life."

	"Latrus," came a woman's voice from behind the couple.

	"Mom," he whispered.

	Ryoko ran up to them and sat beside Katrina.  She 
placed her hands on his damp forehead.

	"Don't see me like this," he said sadly.  

	"Future or not.  You are still my son," she said 
sternly.

	"Then, raise me as you intended and live your life 
out.  Don't leave me alone.  I love you both," he said 
looking at both women.  "See you soon, Kat.  Goodbye 
moth...errrr," he said releasing his last breath of air as 
his body rested silently on Kat's lap.

	The two women cried in silence as a group of friends 
stood on the hill behind them.
	"He saved us all," Ayeka said solemnly.

	"He did and more," Gratin-Lar said with one arm around 
Ayeka's shoulder.

	"You know I think Ryoko will get over it.  Won't she 
Ryshu?" teased the fully revived Washu.

	"I guess so grandma," came the little boy's reply.
	
	"Come everyone.  Let's let them be for a while.  They 
are going to need some time alone," Tenchi said from behind 
and took Ryshu's hand.  The group slowly walked the other 
way.
***
One week later...

Tenchi, Ryoko, Ryshu, and a little red haired girl sat 
in a green field having a picnic.

"Hey Kat.  Let's go roll down the hill," cheered the 
little boy.

"Okay," replied the enthusiastic girl and they ran up 
the hill.

"Amazing.  Isn't it?" Tenchi asked Ryoko with a huge 
smile on his face.

"Yeah," she sighed in his arms.  "They were meant for 
each other."

"And you and I were meant for each other," Tenchi said 
and kissed Ryoko.  The two remained in each other's embrace 
as the kids rolled down the hill.
***
	The future...

	Kat walked up to a cliff and looked down to see 
nothing but green grass.  The presence of death was gone.

	"Looking for somebody?" asked a man's voice from 
behind.

	"No, not re..." she paused and immediately turned 
around and ran into the man's arms.

	"Easy, Kat," giggled Ryshu.

	"You knew.  Didn't you?" she asked happily while 
stroking his now cyan hair.

	"Of course," he teased.  "There can't be two Ryshu's 
living in the past.  Now can there?" he laughed.

	"I missed you," she cried on to his shoulder.

	"And I you, but now we can be together without fear of 
Chaos taking over our minds," he said and kissed her for 
the first time.  The two shined as the sunlight lit the 
horizon.  


	"Live on my children, and evil will be gone for Chaos 
is no more," said the voice of the true God.


THE END


	That was it.  The ending to the Ryoko's Precious 
Secret Saga.  Chaos is gone and peace is throughout the 
land.  Sorry it took me so long to get this chapter out, 
but I can only hope you enjoy it.  Thanks for reading and 
send comments or questions to washu@saiyan.com.  Thanks 
again.

	


