Disclaimer:  The characters in this story are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  Only a few of the characters are mine.  This is chapter 
six where Nimbus holds Latrus as his prisoner, but what is the 
Dark Master up too.  He is not making any attempt to escape, or 
maybe he knows he can't...

Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter 6:  Jurai's Fall

Darkness surrounded the boy.  His eyes closed as if a sleep, but 
a wry smile lingered upon his face.  The boy sat in the middle of 
the darkness as it caressed the very essence of his body.  

"Come."  The boy chanted with his eyes closed.
***
Ryshu opened his eyes in terror.  The boy that has appeared in 
his dreams so many times has returned.  The boy that looked like 
him but did not sound like him.  Ryshu fell back to the floor 
weary and tired as some strange sleep took over.
***
Nimbus played the keys of his organ with delight and passion.  
His fingers stroked the keys gracefully, and he smiled as he 
played his piece.  A dark smile crossed his lips as he played the 
last note.  He turned slowly on the stool to face the man behind 
him.

"You like?"  He asked tauntingly.

"NO!"  Cried out the man as he fell to his knees with his hands 
pressed aggressively on his head.

"The Instinct calls you.  Doesn't it?  Well, don't fight it let 
it win."  Nimbus spoke convincingly.

"What...is...the name... of the dark music you were playing?"  
Latrus stuttered trying to control himself.

"It is a piece called, Infernal Dance of Kastchei's Court by 
Igor Stravinsky's, The Firebird.  He composed the music, while 
Sergei Diahhilev wrote the Russian legend opera, but enough.  I 
want to know why you are after me?"  Nimbus said rubbing his 
thumb on Latrus's face.  "What wrong have I done to you?"  

"A wrong that your death will not fix, but Washu's will."  
Latrus snarled.

"I see, and why her?"  Nimbus asked and spoke, as silence was 
the answer.  "Why are you after her?"  He asked again losing 
his patience.

"Because her death will end the curse."  Latrus replied as he 
collapsed to the floor in exhaustion.

Nimbus stroked some strands of his hair from his face, and walked 
back to the organ.  "Well, fighting the Instinct will either 
kill you or you will succumb to it."  Nimbus murmured.
***
Tenchi stood in wait out of Washu's lab.  Something was a miss, 
and this demon woman was going to answer the riddle.

"Tenchi."  Ryoko called climbing down the staircase.

"Yes."  Tenchi replied.

"I have to take Ryshu back to the cave."  Ryoko said hurriedly.  

"Why?"  Tenchi asked in astonishment.
"He has some illness.  It comes and goes, but I have a device 
that seems to heal him when these attacks emerge."  Ryoko 
explained with worry upon her features.

"I'll go with you."  Tenchi said leading Ryoko up the 
staircase.  
***
She listened closely to the couple's discussion.  A child sick?  
Questioned her mind.  She had to see this for herself and grabbed 
her almost healed side as now a scar formed from the burned 
flesh.

"No machine can heal it, but I can."  She whispered to herself 
and disappeared in a flash of fire.
***
"Tenchi, Ryoko!"  Washu yelled.

"What's wrong, Washu?"  Asked Tenchi with Ryoko behind him.  
They were halfway up the staircase.

"The girl is gone.  She vanished in a heap of fire."  Washu 
panicked.  

"We will find her."  Tenchi replied with determination in his 
brown eyes.

"Will you?"  An Irish woman's voice taunted from the top of the 
staircase.

Tenchi looked up to see the woman with a paled face Ryshu cradled 
in her arms.  Tenchi stood ready to fight.

"Let him go."  He demanded.

"I would, but for him to live you will have to trust me."  She 
pleaded.

"That is not true Ryoko is his mother and knows how to cure 
him."  Tenchi argued.

"I know of such devices, but they are useless now."  She said 
with sadness in her eyes.

"Why?"  Ryoko asked as she leaped in front of Tenchi to get her 
son back.

"Move to the center of the room and let me heal him.  He only 
has a few minutes left."  She bellowed in frustration.

"Do as she says"  Washu ordered from below.  She gave a cold 
stare at the Irish woman, but nodded her head in agreement as 
Katrina returned the nod.

Tenchi and Ryoko stepped down and walked to the center of the 
room with Katrina walking not far behind them.  They stood and 
watched as she lay Ryshu flat on his back.  She sat herself on 
her knees and positioned her hands parallel above the boy's 
chest.

"Promise me to knock me out after you see the boy's color return 
in his cheeks."  She demanded.
Tenchi almost spoke, but Washu's hand blocked his lip.  "We 
will."  She replied.

Katrina's his glowed a golden light.  The light pulsed and grew 
around her body as Ryshu's did the same.  Tenchi and Ryoko shaded 
their eyes as figures of light replaced the woman and child's 
bodies.  She then leaned to the boy's forehead and pressed her 
lips on his young, soft skin.  Instantly, the light faded and 
Katrina fell to the ground as soon as the light vanished.

"I did as she said."  Washu said starring at the unconscious 
woman.  "How's Ryshu?" She asked.

"He appears to be okay, mom."  Ryoko said a little worried as 
the boy's eyes opened wearily.

"Good, take him to bed and let him rest.  I also suggest you all 
do the same.  We will find out more of our guest in the 
morning."  Washu ordered and watched everyone walk up the 
staircase.  She looked down at the sleeping woman on the ground 
very curiously.

"I don't know why I trust you, but tomorrow maybe I will."  
Washu confirmed to herself.
***
"Sleep, dreams, essence of evil."  A woman's voice rang through 
the black void that surrounded Ryshu.

"Who are you?"  The little boy quivered in fear.

"I am the one that saved you from the trance."  Katrina said as 
she appeared from the darkness.

"Who are you?"  Ryshu asked again snuggling his arms around his 
knees.

"I am Katrina, a friend.  The only friend you will ever have."  
She said sincerely.

"My mother is my only friend."  Ryshu pouted.

"Not  here she is not.  Here I am the only one that can help 
you."  Katrina said taking a step toward the shivering boy.

"Where is here?"  Ryshu asked looking at the dark surrounding 
around him.

"This is the dream world.  A world where demons overtake the 
hearts of mortals, just as angels are said to do the same, but 
you are not having an ordinary nightmare.  This place is known as 
the void, the place in between the dream world and hell."  She 
said spinning in a circle with her arms raised.  She looked like 
a spinning cross.  "You were fighting a demon, or yourself."  
She said as her eyes were constantly moving as if she was 
searching for something.

"What are you looking for?"  Ryshu asked curiously as he slowly 
crawled near her.

"I am trying to sense who was the demon that was here, but I 
sense none.  Which probably means you led yourself here and met 
your dark half."  She said starring back into the petrified 
boy's golden eyes.  She gave a warm caring smile in return.

"How are you in my dreams?"  Ryshu asked trying to understand 
what she had told him.

"I am also a demon."  She said.

Ryshu jumped back and slowly crawled backwards.  The terror in 
his eyes brought tears down his cheeks.  

"Do not be afraid."  Katrina said calmly.  "Not all demons are 
bad, only the ones that allow Chaos to control them."  She said.  
"And if I was one of them, you would be dead by now."  She said 
and teleported to Ryshu's side as he leaped to make a run at the 
sound of death.  "Easy now."  She whispered in his ear.  "To 
prove myself, you will have the best dream of your life, 
tonight."  She smiled and gave the terrified boy a wink for 
reassurance.  She stood up and raised her hands into the air and 
in a flash of light she was gone, and so was the void.

"Wow!"  Ryshu said as he now stood in a green field with cherry 
blossoms all around him.

"Enjoy your dream."  Katrina's voice echoed from the heavens of 
the fields.

Ryshu looked behind him to see a little girl standing behind him.  
"Who are you?"  He asked uncertainly.

"I am Kat."  She replied.  "What's your name?"  She asked with 
the same uncertainty.

"I am Ryshu."  He replied sheepishly.

"You want to go play in the fields."  She asked longingly.

"Sure."  He replied with a cheerful smile and ran after the 
little red haired girl.
***
Morning came and the Tenchi household slowly woke up except for 
one.  Tenchi walked hurriedly to Washu's door and knocked.

"Washu, it's me, Tenchi.  Washu, are you up?"  Tenchi whispered 
through the crack in the door.

He was answered with a, "Hiya, Tenchi."  Washu said cheerfully 
from behind.

Tenchi jumped and hung to the door as if it were going to protect 
him.

"Washu."  He said annoyingly.  "I wish you would not do that."  
He shrugged.

"I can't help it.  You were there and I was here, so I did it."  
She said mischievously.  

"Okay, where is that girl?"  He asked regaining his composure.

"She is in my lab, of course."  Washu said.

"Good, are we ready to question her?"  He asked.

"Yes, I am, but you will not be participating."  She replied 
dryly.

"What?"  Tenchi asked in disbelief.  "Why not?"  He pleaded.

"Because you are too emotional.  You made this matter personal, 
and that is dangerous.  Even your grandfather would agree with 
that."  She said solemnly.

"But."  Tenchi moaned, but was interrupted.

"No!"  Washu affirmed her answer.  "You and everyone can watch 
the interrogation, but I will be asking the questions.  Is that 
clear?"  She asked, but it was more an order.

"Crystal."  Tenchi huffed through his breath and walked off 
angrily.

Washu watched and starred back at the floor.  "I am sorry 
Tenchi, but it is for the better.  You will get answers you want, 
but not the ones that will help us in whatever Nimbus or Chaos 
are up to."  She looked up to see Ryoko flying above her.  "You 
know what to do."  She smiled.

"Sure, but I am a little uncomfortable about doing this."  
Ryoko said unsure of her mother's plan.

"Don't worry, you two will be fine.  I just want you two to 
return in one hour."  Washu said.

"Okay."  Ryoko replied still uncertain of her mother's plan and 
vanished.

"I hope I know what I am doing."  Washu spoke to herself and 
returned to her lab leaving the door open.
***
A dry wind passed over Jurai.  A wind that chilled the very spine 
of people walking the roads and streets now surrounded the cities 
and towns.  

Azusa let out a deep sigh and continued to stroll toward the 
bedchamber.  He stopped as his spine chilled as the dreary wind 
blew on his beard.  He shook it off and continued to the chamber.  

"Majesty!"  A man's voice called through the silent night.  

Azusa stopped and slowly turned around.  His eyes were met with a 
man's that was at least one hundred fifty years younger.  The 
man's brown eyes were so similar in appearance to Tenchi that he 
could have killed the man, but the man had brown hair, not black.  
He took a deep breath of the strange wind before he spoke.

"Speak."  He ordered like a true emperor.

"Sire, there is trouble at the holy church of Tsunami.  The high 
priest himself has demanded that we abandon Jurai."  The soldier 
said uncertainly.

"What?"  Azusa screamed in anger.  "I will speak with the 
priest myself.  I have never heard of something so ridiculous.  
Ready my coach.  We leave at once."  He demanded in rage.

"Sire."  The man bowed and ran in front of Azusa to ready the 
imperial court.
***
The priest kneeled before the first holy alter of Tsunami.  He 
began praying that the Emperor heeds his warning and leaves.  He 
opened his eyes at the disturbing sound of a fight and turned to 
face the intrusion, but was met by guards and the Emperor walking 
hurriedly towards him.

"Priest!"  He yelled in anger.

"How can I serve the Emperor."  He asked calmly as if nothing 
was wrong.

"Why have you ordered my people to abandon our home for no 
REASON!"  He yelled as his fist cracked the pew next to him.  
The priest only stuttered in fear.  "Answer!"  He yelled again.

The priest regained his composure and spoke, "You are about to 
see a war that has nothing to do with you, and my..."  He spoke 
the last word with an accent that the emperor understood his 
position in the matter.  He continued, "people, including 
yourself, will surely die in it."  

"How can you say that when there is no enemy in sight?"  Azusa 
complained.

"Because you are fighting an opponent that is evil itself.  Only 
the religions that no of its existence shall fight and die, but 
our deaths will be avenged by the chosen one."  The priest 
smiled at the thought of the war ending by such a legend in every 
religion.

"What is this evil you speak of?"  Azusa asked impatiently, but 
his anger slowly subsided as curiosity took over.

"I speak of the ruler of evil, himself, the smallest and 
strongest of all demons, Chaos."   He shivered at the very name 
of the demon, but smiled a little as the Emperor shivered from 
the same thing.

"That's nonsense."  Azusa laughed in disbelief.

"Is it?  Then, why are you shivering?"  The priest pointed out 
as his argument was turning for the better.

"How come we never heard about it, but all the priests know of 
this matter?"  Azusa continued with the interrogation.

"Because it is a battle for us and not you.  We can slow him 
down, until the chosen one arrives.  Now heed my warning and 
leave."  The priest warned.

"Your grace."  Screamed a boy.  Everyone turned to a boy who 
came running to the head priest.  He was very young, and blonde.  
His pale blue eyes watered in fear.

"Go on child."  The priest said encouraging the boy.

"They're...he..re."  The boy mumbled.  Every priest in the main 
chapel ran out, and took their positions on the church.

"You are stuck with us."  The priest said a little annoyed.  
"Emperor stay here and let us do what we must, but know that 
your life and all the people here will die in this church.  I 
just don't know when."  The priest walked by the dazed emperor 
and was almost near the huge gates of the chapel before he 
turned.  "Contact your family, and tell them for everyone to 
abandon Jurai and have them make sure the Galaxy Police do not 
get involved.  We are the only ones that can fight this, and 
Tsunami help us to win."  He said sympathetically and left the 
chapel with his blue robes dragging behind him.

"Tsunami, what have I done."  He spoke to himself as if 
everything the priest said was true.
***
Ryoko saw Tenchi sitting on the porch watching the sunrise.  She 
took a deep breath and took a step toward him.  The wind grew 
cold and she shivered at the touch.  

"Sorry, Washu."  She said to herself and ran make into the 
house.

She leaped over the sofa and knocked heavily on the lab door like 
a frightened child.

"Mom!"  She cried and sank to her knees in fear.  Her cries 
were answered with someone cradling her.  She looked up to see 
Tenchi looking at her worriedly.  Then, she heard a door squeak 
open, and saw her mother.  For the first time in her life, Washu 
looked worried about her.

"What is it?"  Washu whispered soothingly.  She knelt down and 
stroked Ryoko's hair.

"I feel sadness and silence.  I did what you said, but then I 
saw the Jurian Church on fire, and the planet empty.  I also saw 
the people in the church dead, and the Emperor also.  All that 
was left were men in crimson robes and another in a dark purple 
outlined in crimson.  I couldn't see his face.  All these images 
came when the wind blew as if calling me."  Ryoko cried onto 
Washu's shoulder.

"It's all right.  You just had a bad vision.  Your imagination 
was probably playing a trick on you."  Washu said hugging Ryoko 
tighter.

"Unfortunately, you are wrong."  Ayeka said walking into the 
room with Gratin-Lar and Tokimi behind her.

"What do you mean?"  Sasami asked eavesdropping as she climbed 
down the staircase.

"Sasami, our father is dead and the people of the church with 
him.  Everyone else left and mom will call us shortly."  Ayeka 
said as tears dropped down her cheek.  Sasami ran to her sister 
crying as Ayeka caught her in her arms.

"Why?"  Sasami asked.

"Because Chaos wants Gratin-Lar and me to pay for defying him."  
Ayeka said.

"Why?"  Tenchi interrupted.

"Because Ayeka is now what I am.  The creator transformed her, 
and because she and I are linked emotionally and mentally.  What 
she feels I feel."  Gratin-Lar answered sadly.

"Chaos is also after the main religions of the universe and 
destroying them, so that his church will be the only one left."  
Tokimi spoke bitterly.

"So Earth is next."  Washu exclaimed.

"No."  Tokimi said.  "Earth has already been taken over.  
Someone on this planet already receives the praises of this 
world, including all of the major religious leaders."

"Who?"  Yosho asked sitting on the sofa silently before all of 
the commotion started.

"Nimbus."  Tenchi snarled in anger. 
***

The earth rumbled as Azusa and the priests watched a horde of men 
in crimson robes chant at the front gates.  Azusa's eyes were in 
absolute awe, but slowly looked down as a man in a purple robe 
outlined in crimson stepped up.

"You know what we want.  Now, join or die."  The man called 
out.

"You have come, but you know the answer."  The priest 
challenged back.

"What is your name foolish one?"  The faceless man asked.

"I am Dorin Hadelic, high priest of Tsunami.  And yours?"  The 
priest asked back.

"I am Latrus."  He yelled back and raised his arms in the air.  
"Die!"  He screamed as a huge gush of wind blew the men on the 
church off their feet.  Some fell to their deaths, but others 
stayed and flew into the walls.

"If it is a fight you want, then I challenge you alone."  The 
emperor yelled in fury.

"Sire."  The priest begged.

"If I am supposed to be the most powerful mortal in the 
universe, than I am the best choice for us to even have a 
chance."  Azusa claimed with no anger or sadness.  He was more 
at peace with himself, a sight many would have liked to see in 
him due to his temper covering it.  It is amazing what happens to 
a man when death is in the air.

"I accept."  Latrus bowed.

"READY!"  Azusa screamed as leaped off the roof and some how 
landed on his feet in front of Latrus.  "Here are the rules of 
our duel.  Swords, no magic or special speed skills, just you and 
me in sword combat.  Agree."  The Emperor proclaimed allowing 
everyone to hear their duel.

"Agreed."  Latrus said arrogantly and bowed his head.

Azusa pulled out his hilt and summoned his Jurai energy to form 
his blade and positioned himself to attack.  He leaped for a 
slash on the man's head.  He smiled as the man did not raise of 
lift his head, but just stood there in silence.  Azusa sliced 
down and screamed in utter pain.  He fell to the ground and got 
to his knees to see a blade the looked like a lightning bolt in 
his chest.

"How?"  The emperor muttered as his last minutes were passing 
him by quickly.

"Let me show you."  Latrus taunted and walked up to Azusa and 
allowed the emperor to look inside the hood.

The emperor's eyes flared in ultimate terror at the sight and 
died on his back screaming his fear.  He stopped and froze with 
eyes and mouth opened in fright.

"Now church of Tsunami, good bye."  Latrus announced raising 
his hands into the air and kneeled to the ground as he began to 
chant.  With his left hand, he picked up the dust at his feet, 
and let it catch in the wind as it twirled faster and bigger.  
Faster and larger it became in every spin, until it was the size 
of the temple, but the sky heated in flames.  "Chaotic Wind"  
Latrus spoke in summoning and the priests of the temple prayed 
for Tsunami to forgive them as they were shortly soon to join 
her.
***
Kiyone and Mihoshi were on their way to Jurai with a large fleet.  
They saw the planet in the distance, but were greeted with a 
Jurai armada.

"State yourselves, and why you are in such large numbers."  
Kiyone announced.

"I am Lady Funaho, Co-Empress of Jurai.  We are abandoning our 
world on the order of his majesty the Emperor."  She announced.

"Abandon Jurai, why?"  Kiyone asked a little afraid of what 
could give Jurai such a scare.

"We do not know.  We only know that an evil force, which has 
probably ended his majesty's life, is after our church.  We are 
also ordered not to let you pass.  By force, if necessary."  She 
said seriously and not even a tear fell down for sorrow of her so 
called dead husband.

"You are a true empress, Lady Funaho, but..."  Kiyone was 
interrupted with the planet exploding in a rage of fire.  

The ships were hit heavily with rocky debris and strange floating 
flames as they were engulfed in Jurai's destruction.  Kiyone 
stood up and dusted herself off.  

"Report."  She ordered.

"We have minor damage.  It looks like the Jurai ships took the 
most of the blow away from us."  A young officer stated.

"Lady, are you okay?"  Kiyone asked in worry.

"We are all fine.  Our shields are totally gone, but otherwise 
no casualties."  She announced.  "If you will excuse me, I must 
take my fleet to Earth.  We have business there."  She spoke as 
a tear fell down her cheek.  She turned away as the communication 
link was broken.

"Report this to headquarters.  It looks like this church group 
is something else."  Kiyone ordered as she took her seat.  
"What are we going to do?  Jurai has fallen for good."  She 
said in worry.
***
Everyone in the household remained quiet.  They all waited to 
see, if Ayeka's prediction would come true.

"Guys, I have a link to one of many in a Jurain cortege."  
Washu announced wearily and hand Ayeka the communication device.  
Sasami leaped to by her sister and looked at the device hoping 
the dreadful prophecies have happened.  Washu took her place and 
held her scared daughter closer.

"Yes."  Ayeka answered to the communication device.

"Daughters, I have some depressing news."  Misaki cried in 
tears.
"I know."  Ayeka said as tears began to fall down her eyes.  
"Father is dead and the holy temple is destroyed."  Ayeka 
cried.

"How?"  Misaki asked in surprise.

"I will explain when you and everyone arrive safely to Earth."  
Ayeka said trying to regain her composure.

"Very well."  She said.  "We will settle until we find a new 
planet."  She announced.

"What?"  Ayeka leaped in surprise.  "What do you mean?  I knew 
about father and the temple, but not our home as well."  Ayeka 
cried as Gratin-Lar held her up and let her cry on him.

Sasami cried on Yosho's shoulder as he also slowly wept.  Tenchi 
could not believe it.  Everything changed so quickly.   He almost 
wished that he was fighting Kagato or Tokimi instead.  Everything 
seemed to get worse.

"Yes, my children.  Jurai has fallen."  Misaki said as she 
signed off.



TO BE CONTINUED...


This is the end of chapter six.  Keep reading and find out what 
happens to Katrina and Latrus.  Why does he have the same name as 
the faceless, Latrus?  Only the future knows.  If you have any 
questions or comments, please send them to washu@saiyan.com.  I love 
to hear your comments and answer questions that you may have.  
Thanks for reading.
