Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and Pioneer.  I hope you enjoyed the previous two chapters.  For this one is a special one.  I can't tell why, just read to find out.  Enjoy.


Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter 3:  Reunion and Healing


Ryoko opened her eyes slowly.  She couldn't see anything but light.  She squinted her eyes at the brightness of the light as her eyes slowly focused and the light diminished.  She closed her eyes tight letting tears roll down her cheeks as she reopened them.  She looked around.  There was garbage scattered all over the ground.  She also noticed the two buildings that shadowed her.  The sun made them shine like the magnificent towers they were.

"I must be in an alley."  She spoke to herself.  She placed her hands in front of her to help push her off the pavement.  She was ready to try, but the thought of not feeling the pavement startled her and she fell face first into the pavement.  "Damn, that son of a bitch gave me huge quantities of the drug."  She cursed.  "I must be careful."  She said rolling on to her back.  She rolled gently for her entire body has no feeling.  "If anyone comes near me, I will see them as killers due to the drug.  But unlike Kagato's droids, my targets could be people.  I don't know how to defend myself without hurting anyone.  I must try to get to my feeeAHHHHHHH!"  She scream as her head throbbed in pain like someone threw a knife into her skull.  She rolled back and forth violently squeezing her head with her hands.  She began to cry as the pain got stronger and stronger.

Tenchi could feel her presence, but he didn't know where.  He could see everything she was seeing.  The picture of the towers remained in his mind.  He pushed through the busy crowd on the streets.  He walked until he noticed the buildings across the street.  He immediately ran across the street.  He jumped over a cab.  He didn't care if people saw him hurdling over cars without injury.  He knew he had to get to Ryoko.  He reached the other side ignoring the angry drivers cursing behind him.  He was half a block away when a familiar scream rang through his ears.

"Ryoko."  He whispered in disbelief and ran toward the center or the two buildings.

The pain was intense.  She had trouble breathing.  She felt someone coming and looked up to see a man with a knife standing over her.  She tried to ignore the pain and move, but couldn't.  She breathed faster as fear ran through her veins.  The man had the dagger ready to slash down upon her chest.  He raised it and slashed down.  She closed her eyes and waited for death to follow the blow.  

Tenchi couldn't believe it.  Ryoko was alive and rolling violently with her hands holding her head.  
"She is in pain."  He said in worry running toward her side.  She looked at him in fear.  It is okay Ryoko.  It is me, Tenchi."  He told her, but the fear did not change.  He took a step forward and noticed her eyes close tightly.  "I must not worry what is running through her mind.  I will let Washu help her.  That is the best thing I can do for her."  He said and slowly picked her up in his arms.  Holding the device Washu gave him.  He pushed the button and a light flashed around them.  When it vanished they were back in the lab.


"Good Ryshu."  Washu smiled as the boy produced a golden sphere in his hand.

"What do I do now, Grandma?"  He asked with fascination of the glowing object in his hand.

"Now, squeeze it.  Try to focus the energy of the sphere through the upper opening in your fist to create a golden rod."  She said with a smile.

"Like this."  He said as an energy sword formed in his hand.

"Yes."  She said clapping in joy.  "Exactly like..." She stopped as a light shined over the house.  "Come on.  Let us go see your mom."  She smiled taking his hand and leading him back to the house.

"What do you mean?"  He asked in confusion.

"You will see."  She winked at him.

They ran until two figures stood before them.

"Greetings Gratin-Lar and Ayeka.  Follow me."  She yelled at them and ran passed the shocked couple.

"You heard her."  Gratin-Lar said taking Ayeka's hand and ran after the scientist.

They ran into the house.  Washu stopped at the door to her lab.

"Are you all ready?"  She asked.

"Ready for what?"  Asked the little boy.

"Yes for what, Washu?"  Ayeka asked.

"This."  She said opening the door and dragged the little boy inside.  

They ran to see Tenchi holding Ryoko in his arms.  Washu stopped running at the realization something was wrong.  "Stay with Ayeka and Gratin-Lar."  She said and looked back at the couple behind them.  "Stay with Ryshu.  This does not look good.  I don't know why, but the least amount of people around her the better."  She said and ran to Tenchi's side.

"Tenchi."  She called.

"Washu."  He replied turning around to face the little scientist.

Washu's expression of happiness changed to one of worry.  Ryoko was afraid, but of what.  "Lay her on that lab table."  She ordered.

Tenchi did as told and gently laid Ryoko on to the table.  Washu follow behind with a green rod in her hand and began to change a bright red color as it traveled down Ryoko's body.

"She has been over dosed with a drug.  She is probably hallucinating.  That would explain the terror in her eyes.  I can fix the hallucinations, but I am not sure what the drug is, or its other side effects."  She said grabbing an object out of her pocket.  She placed it against Ryoko's neck, and then put it back in her pocket.  "That should handle the hallucinations."  She said.  

"Washu, but she is still in pain.  She has some sort of headache.  It is practically killing her.  I mean look she is still holding her head."  He spoke in worry of seeing his love's tears of pain roll down her cheeks.

"I see.  This will end the pain, my daughter.  Mommy will make it all better."  She said with a mother's voice.  "Stand back.  Technology cannot help her, not with the drug I used to stop the hallucinations."  She waited for Tenchi to step back and raised her arms above Ryoko's head.  "Relax, I am here."  A golden light surrounded her fingertips.  It grew around her hands.  She waited until she could not see the flesh of her hands.  She lowered her arms until the light was just above Ryoko's head.  She closed her eyes and the light moved toward Ryoko's forehead and glowed brighter as Ryoko's body head glowed with the light, then in a flash the light was gone.

"Mom."  Ryoko said.

"Yes, it is me.  How is your head?"  Washu asked.

"I can't feel the pain anymore, but I lost all of the feeling in my body.  I don't know what he did to me.  I know he gave me a dosage of Thraxis 9."  She whispered as sleep was slowly winning her over.

"WHAT?"  Washu gasped in anger.  "How could he get that drug?  He would have to be from another world."  Washu stopped at the realization of the identity of Ryoko's captor.  "Tenchi, do you remember his name?"  She asked.

"Yes, Nathaniel Nimbus."  He replied.

"Nimbus."  She said to herself.  

"Do you know him?"  Tenchi asked.  

"I am not sure."  She said lost in thought.  She looked back at Ryoko.  "I stopped the headache and hallucinations, but he gave you a lot of Thraxis 9.  Otherwise, you would not have lost feeling in your body.  You will feel that pain again, when your feeling returns."  She glanced back at Tenchi.  "I am counting on you to stay with her until she is through the pain she is about to go through.  Use your Jurai energy to stop the pain."  She said and signaled him to step away from Ryoko.  She led him a few feet away and whispered to him.  "I scanned her for any abnormalities in her body, and there was one."

"What is it?"  

"There are no signs of Chaos inside her."

"That is great news."

"Yes and no.  That only means Chaos is not using her body and probably never was."

"What do you mean?"

"Chaos used her as a puppet.  She was never intended to be its new body.  She was used as a decoy."

"Why?"

"I have a feeling Chaos was keeping us busy, but I don't know for what reason."

"So that means the real Chaos is still on the mortal plain."

"Exactly, and will try to distract us again.  For some reason, it wants us out of the way."

"I see.  Then, the war is far from over."

"I am afraid so."  She said and looked back at Ryoko.  "Go to her.  She needs you now.  I will talk to the others about our new discovery."

"Right."  Tenchi said and walked toward Ryoko.

"And Tenchi."

"Yes"

"Do not tell her about what is going on.  I think it is best we wait for her to recover from the drug and the pain the side effects will cause."

"I understand."  He said and continued toward Ryoko.

Tenchi looked at his love's eyes.  Her golden orbs looking into his.  She was beautiful.  

"Ryoko, I am here for you and shall always be.  You do know that?"  He said and waited for an answer.

"Yes, I do."  She said and worried about her son.  "Where is my son?"  She asked as the worry in her eyes shown.

"He is with Washu.  She thought it best that you two should meet when you are feeling better.  We all had a tough time since..." He stopped at the thought of mentioning her death to her.

Ryoko starred into his eyes and looked down toward the ground.  "I died."  She said in disgust.

"Yes, I am sorry.  I should have not brought it up." 

"It is okay.  I know you and the others understand and are willing to continue with your lives, but Ryshu is so young.  I don't know how he feels about me dying then returning back to life.  I just don't want him to think that life is meaningless, and that he could get killed in a life and death situation and come back to life."  Her eyes were of worry.

"Washu assured me that he will be okay and not make those sort of mistakes."  He smiled and placed his hand on her shoulder.

"I hope so.  Especially with Chaos being alive in the mortal plain."

"What?"  Tenchi gasped in surprise.  "How did you know?"  

"I can't feel it in my thoughts anymore.  It is gone, but I know it is still in the mortal plain.  Can't you feel its power?"

"No."  Tenchi replied in confusion

"Close your eyes.  Feel the mass around you.  Remember how it used to feel and compare to the way it feels now."

Tenchi closed his eyes and focused on his surroundings.  "You are right.  Everything seem unbalanced."

"Exactly, the purpose of Chaos is to unbalance life on the mortal plain.  That is how you know it is here.  The only problem is that Chaos is effecting the entire mortal plain, so we cannot find its location."

"So what do we do?"

"We find Nimbus.  I have a feeling he knows Chaos's identity, or is Chaos.  Why would he bring me back to life?"

"I agree."  Tenchi said and looked back at Ryoko's eyes.  Tears were falling.  "Ryoko?"  He called.  She did not reply.  "Are you okay?"

"Hurts."  She whispered as her features contorted in pain.

"It has begun.  Ryoko, I am focusing my Jurai power as we speak.  Hold on."  He said and felt his power surround his body.  His body is glowing a bright blue color.  The power was warm and comforting.  He looked at the crying Ryoko.  He gathered her in his arms and let the power surround them.  

The pain was too much.  She was ready to scream, but she felt someone pick her up and instantly the pain stopped.  She looked up at her savior.  Tenchi smiled at her.

"I told you it will be okay.  Now, I am going to lay you on the ground.  The pain will return, but I have to have room to release this power into your body.  Are you ready?"

She cuddled into his chest.  It was sanctuary from the pain, and she did not want to leave it.   "I am ready."  She whispered in his ear.

He laid her gently on the ground and watched as her eyes squinted in pain.  He rested his knees on to the ground and raised his hands over Ryoko's chest.  He concentrated his energy into his hands, and felt the powers around his hands increase.  His hands shined the blue light violently.  He waited until all of the power was in his hands and with one thought the power released from his hands and into Ryoko's chest.  Her body was glowing the same blue light.  She opened her eyes slowly.

Ryoko could feel the unbearable pain no longer and let out a scream, but she could not hear it.  It hurt too much to scream.   Then, she felt peace enter her chest and spread along her body.  The pain was gone.  She opened her eyes to see Tenchi looking at her.  She placed her hand on his cheek.  She felt warmth.  She could feel his skin.  Her feeling was back.  The cement under her was cool, but it felt great to feel again.

"I have my feeling back."  She smiled in happiness.

"That is wonderful."  He said laying beside her.  He rolled her over to face him.  He looked at her eyes.  "It has been a long time since I have seen you as your normal healthy self."  He smiled and moved closer to her lips and kissed.  It was right.  He felt her emotions through the mind link.  She was excited and lost in passion.  She wrapped her arms around his back and rubbed his back up and down.  He rubbed down her side and closed his eyes to be lost in their love, but as soon as it started it ended.  He opened his eyes to see Ryoko starring back at him with a smile.

"I figure we might want to wait before we move any farther."  She said with a grin.

"Fine, I will settle that here and now.  Ryoko, I love you.  Will you marry me?"  He asked grabbing the ring his father gave him after the funeral out of his pocket.   He opened the black case and pulled out a gold ring band with three diamonds in the middle.  He slid it on her finger.  

"Will this do for an answer?"  She asked and kissed him again.  She broke it before he grabbed her again.  She did not know if she could resist his touch a second time.

"That will do fine."  He smiled and rose to his feet.  He held out his hand and helped her up to her feet.  "Come let us tell the others."  He smiled taking her hand and leading her to the lab door.


The dark towers hovered in the darkness that surrounded them.  The mob outside hungered for the blood held with in its doors.  A man covered in a purple cloak raised his hand to silence the angry mob behind him.  He walked to the steps that led to the towers and the highly crafted architecture cubicle they surrounded.  

"Listen to me!"  The man yelled at the giant structure in front of him.  "This battle will end here.  Your god has no place in the world.  There is only one true god.  Worship our god and live.  Do not, and die.  What will it be worshipers of Talpret?"

"Never!"  Replied a voice inside the temple.

The hooded man placed his hands together.  He began to chant in a musical tone.

"It is a summoning spell."  Cried the young man.  He looked no more than the age of fifteen.  His brown hair lay on his shoulders.  "High Priest Letro?"

"This is the end, lad.  I can't hold this shield up forever."  Said the old high priest.  The bald priest walked over to the edge and looked out of the tower windows.  "Indeed, he is summoning one of his so called god's spells.  Let us pray before we are taken to the depths of hell."  The old man and boy kneeled to their knees and began to pray.

Outside the winds blew violently.  The man's purple cloak waved in the direction the wind blew.  "You are my god.  Together we will torture our enemies with pain and suffering.  Our power will grow in their fear and blood.  Darkness will engulf our tracks.  We are one and no one will be left to stand in our way."  The hooded man chanted and raised his hands into the air.  "I summon Devastation Wave."  
Fire blew with the wind.  The blazing flames surrounded the purple robed man.  He pointed his index finger towards the palace and the fire circled the temple.  The flames spun around faster and faster.  Then stopped and opened up like two doors in a church.  Only the flames took the shape of hideous wings of a deformed bat.  The wind ceased and silence surrounded the temple for the evil that was about to happen.  With in an instant the wings of fire closed wrapping the temple inside the unholy flames.  After being engulfed the temple did not blow up in flames, but disintegrated.   The screams from inside the temple were loud and could bring a chill up a man's spine.   The hooded man lowered his hands and looked at the effects of the carnage he placed on this temple.  Bodies burned and the temple was gone.  The only thing left was the steps in front of him.  All that remained of the temple was the burning robes and bones of the men that were inside.  He smiled and signaled for !
the crowd to leave.


To Be Continued...


This is the end of the third chapter.  I know that this one was a little more relaxing than the previous chapters before it, but I did add in a little tension at the end.  Tenchi and Ryoko married?  Who would have thought?  After all she did die earlier in the series.   But enough about that, we have a new mystery.  Here are some questions to think about as I continue to write this fan fic:  "What is a mob destroying another church?  What is the deal with summoning a god's power?  And who is the man in the purple robes?  Read to find out.  I enjoy hear from my fans on their comments on my fan fics, so feel free to write comments or suggestions you have on my fan fics.  You can e-mail me at washu@saiyan.com.  Thank you for reading my fan fics.
