Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are not mine.  
They are property of AIC and Pioneer.  Thank you and enjoy 
the story.


Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter Five:  The Dark Master

The present, December 1999.	

He walked with Katrina on his right.  They had finally made 
it.  Now, it was time to complete his mission and end the 
curses placed on him and Katrina.  He is known as the Dark 
Master, a title he did not want, but you must do anything to 
survive.  That is how it is with Katrina and him.  They did 
everything to survive.  That was the purpose of this mission 
to survive.  He looked at Katrina and tried to choke on his 
tongue as he fought the force of darkness, they called the 
Instinct.  

She glanced over at her master.  He looked troubled, but 
satisfied.  They both had to resist the Instinct if they 
were to remain pure.  It is like a virus and if it is strong 
enough, one must be strong enough to fight it for the other 
one.  They have fought it for thirty years, and still fight 
it, but for how long.  

"What are our orders again, Latrus?"  She asked trying to 
break the silence and help him keep his mind off of the 
Instinct.

"Our orders are to remain in secret."  He ordered dodging 
her question.

"I know, but to help keep your mind off of..."  She 
swallowed.  "it."  She finished timidly.

He blew out the cool air from his nose and turned around 
angrily with his hand in the air, but fell to his knees.  
"I am sorry."  He whispered.  "I can't control it much 
longer."  He breathed heavily trying to keep his focus.  

"I know.  It is hard for both of us.  Just think of the 
mission."  She ordered.  Passion was never to be used to 
challenge the Instinct.  It could lead to the doom they 
fear.

"Right."  He said clinching his hands into the cool soil.  
"Our orders are to kill, Washu."  He said calmly and began 
to laugh at the twist of his destiny.  One time he would 
have thought differently.
***
Tenchi stood looking at the stars as night took the sky.  
Two demons and none of them Chaos, but there was no doubt 
that the demon was behind it.  Tenchi glanced over to see 
two dark figures glide through the darkness as if they were 
a part of it.  Tenchi rubbed his eyes in disbelief and fell 
to the ground by some invisible force.  When he got to his 
feet, everything was normal.  Tenchi looked behind him and 
the door was closed.  He immediately ran inside.  Danger was 
here and he had to protect his house. 

"Ryoko."  He called running around the house.

"Here."  Came the worried reply.

"Ryoko, thank goodness you are safe."  He looked around 
and noticed Washu's lab door open.  He looked back at her 
and ordered, "Get upstairs and watch Ryshu.  It looks like 
something is here."

"Right."  She said and teleported to Ryshu's room.  Tenchi 
ran into the open door.  This madness had to stop.
***
Washu typed rapidly on her keys, but stopped at the instinct 
of danger.  She teleported out of the seat as it was cut in 
two.

"I give you credit.  Most mortals would be dead now."  A 
man's voice echoed.

"Who are you?  Show yourself coward."  She yelled in 
anger.

"Very well."  He replied.  A man appeared right in front 
of her.  His midnight black hair pinned in a ponytail.  He 
looked into her eyes and gave a malicious grin.  "Allow me 
to introduce myself.  I am Latrus, the Dark Master.  I have 
come for your head demon."  He cursed.

Washu teleported again at the instinct of danger.  She 
reappeared behind Latrus to see a woman in front of him.

"I am Katrina, the Hell Mistress."  She said malevolently.

Washu summoned her sword, but her enemy began to laugh 
violently.

"That is so like you, mortals.  To prepare to fight a 
battle you cannot win."  Latrus laughed loudly.  He looked 
back at her, but his eyes were only glancing at something 
else.  "Leave."  He ordered.  "I am not here for you, 
just this demon."

"Then you will have to pass me."  Tenchi said arrogantly 
walking in front of Washu.

"I see.  Another death to be on my hands this day, but we 
must survive."  He said sadly.  With that he took position 
to kill his opponents.  The red haired girl followed his 
movements exactly.

Latrus charged flying through the air his sword moving 
around his body as if it was not there.  Tenchi's eyes were 
huge in fear as the sword came for his head, but instead 
Tenchi awoke from his fear.  Something wet spilled on his 
forehead.  Tenchi put his hand on his head and found blood, 
but not his own.  He turned back to see Latrus pulling the 
master key out of his heart, but the wound healed instantly.

"You can't kill me.  I am truly immortal."  He said 
emotionless and turned to fight again.

"Nice.  Good.  Very good."  Another man's voice echoed 
from the room.

Latrus looked up into the black ceiling just as Tenchi did 
the same.  Tenchi did not see anyone.

"Come out, Miser."  He yelled in rage.  "His sword ready 
to shift at an upward slice.

"Latrus, Latrus, I am your friend."  The voice came 
happily.  "Why deny what you truly want.  This so called 
mission is not what we truly want now is it?"  He asked 
with false sympathy.

"What do you want?  And how did you know?"  Latrus asked 
angrily.

"We know everything, remember?"  Miser said appearing from 
the darkness.  "It is time you feel the Instinct and truly 
become my brother and sister."  He smiled evilly.

"Never."  Latrus screamed in anger.

"Don't you hear the song?  Does it not make you and 
Katrina, there, feel what you must do."  He asked 
convincingly.

Latrus looked at his feet as the words, "Yes," escaped his 
lips.  He looked up, his eyes crimson red.

Tenchi looked at Katrina as her eyes became the same color, 
but before she looked as evil as Latrus she stabbed her 
sword into her heart.  She fell to her knees in pain as the 
crimson color in her eyes vanished.  She pushed her hand 
toward the now flying Latrus as her flew toward her.  But as 
he was about to grab her, he flew backwards screaming in 
pain all the way.

"Humph."  Miser sighed.  "Well, you will succumb to the 
Instinct soon enough."  He laughed and vanished from sight.

Tenchi ran to the young red head as she pulled her sword out 
of her chest.

"Are you okay?"  He asked uncertainly.

"NO!"  She yelled in pain.  "She walked weakly toward 
Latrus, he lay on his back eyes wide open.  "Latrus, get up 
you fool."  She ordered.

Latrus did so and they turned to the couple in front of 
them.  
"My mission was a failure."  He said and turned away, 
slowly walking toward the door.

"What is going on?"  Tenchi demanded pushing his way in 
front of Latrus.

"Something you would never understand."  He replied 
gloomily.  

"Try me."  Tenchi challenged.

"Not today.  I have to regain my strength.  I am no mere 
immortal.  I have my curses with every so called gift."  He 
said grimly.

"What?"  Tenchi asked in frustration as Latrus left.

Tenchi turned behind him to hear Washu talking to the girl 
who called herself Katrina.

"What was that all about?"  Washu asked curiously.

"I am not allowed to say for it could cause more danger 
telling than it would not."  She said.

"I see."  Washu said understandingly.  "So, what was 
going on between you two?"  Washu asked.

"A curse that should not be placed on any mortal or 
demon."  Katrina replied. 

"What is it?"  Washu asked eagerly.

"I am also not in mercy to say that."  Katrina said sadly.

"Katrina we leave."  Ordered Latrus as he reentered the 
lab.  "We have to move.  Miser will tell Nimbus who and 
where we are from."  

"Yes, my master."  She bowed and walked toward the door.

Tenchi walked up to Washu and looked at her.  "It looks 
like Nimbus is up to no good after all."  He said.  "I 
wonder what all the orders were about.  I mean who is in 
charge of who.  They seem to be fighting away from each 
other.  I wonder why."  He said.

"We might not want to know why."  Washu replied lost in 
thought.
***
The rain poured over the towering lights of Tokyo.  The 
tallest building in the city stood in all of its glamour.  
None compared to its size or decoration.  The bright sky 
blue letters of "Nimbus Corp.," highlighted the dark, 
rainy night.

Nimbus watched the rain slide down his glass window.  Every 
drop ran into another than slid to the bottom.  Then, the 
sound of angry drivers honking their horns caught his 
attention.  The lines of cars like ants trying to escape a 
flood rushing to get to their homes.  A funny sight to see 
the activity of the city on a rainy night.

Nimbus felt someone in his office, but decided to pretend he 
did not notice, or at least look surprised to the invading 
intruder.  He instead concentrated on the rapid activity 
below before he spoke.

"Report."  He ordered sternly.  He hated it when someone 
disturbed his quiet nights.

"Two people have come to intervene in your plans."  Said 
the voice.

"And, who are they, Miser?"  Nimbus demanded.

"Two demons from the future."  The lowly demon hissed.

"Demons from the future?"  Nimbus asked to himself.  
"What in the world are demons doing here to fight against 
me?"  He asked curiously, but with a smile of excitement 
appearing on his face.

"They were here to kill Washu."  Miser continued bowing 
behind Nimbus.

"I see."  Nimbus acknowledged.  Nimbus knew by the demon's 
reaction that there was something he was hiding.  "You have 
more?  Tell me."  He ordered turning to face the demon.

"Yes.  They are the chosen ones for Chaos."  Miser smiled 
greedily.

"Now that is interesting news.  They are trying to fight 
the legendary Instinct.  Is that correct?"" He asked 
returning a similar smile.

"Yes."  Replied Miser.

"Their name?"  Nimbus asked keeping his smile.

"Latrus and Katrina."  The demon said with a hiss.

"Latrus?"  Nimbus's smile disappeared.  "Latrus is on our 
side."  He said in astonishment.

"This is another Latrus, my lord."  Miser immediately 
replied.

"I see."  He said turning to face his window.  "Then, I 
shall meet these two chosen ones, tonight."  Nimbus said 
malevolently as he slow began to laugh madly.
***
Latrus stood on a tree branch as the rain began to pour 
harder.  The house and shrine were below him.  He looked to 
his left to see Katrina also starring at the little house 
below them.  It had been two hours since their assassination 
attempt on Washu.  He returned his gaze to the scene of the 
house and shrine.  He wanted to talk about his troubles to 
Katrina, but knew that the Instinct would takeover at such 
an attempt.

"We only have two days until the madness begins."  He said 
abruptly.

"Right."  Katrina agreed.

"We must act quickly."  He said in frustration.

"And intelligently."  Katrina finished.

Katrina was about to say more, but a chopping sound hit the 
wind.  She looked up to see two beams of light flying toward 
the house.

"It's a helicopter."  Latrus said.

"What is a helicopter doing out here?"  She asked.

Latrus starred at the blue letters that ran along its side.  
The dreadful words reading "Nimbus Corp."  

"Nimbus Corporation."  He said to himself.  "Damn.  Miser 
already told him."  He leaped to the ground and signaled 
her to follow.  "We must stop him.  He might be after 
Washu.  He can't lose her, or his plan is finished."  
Latrus said running down the hillside.  Katrina followed 
footsteps behind.
***
Tenchi ran outside to the sound of a helicopter.  He opened 
the door and was met by a strong, forcing wind.  He looked 
out into the rainy night to see a helicopter on his front 
yard.

"What in the hell?"  He yelled due to the noise from the 
helicopter.

"Tenchi.  What is going on?"  Ryoko yelled behind him.

"I don't know."  He yelled back.  He looked ahead to see a 
shadowy figure step out of the chopper.  The figure stood up 
and walked toward them.  Then, Tenchi flew backwards as fire 
took over the chopper.  The figure stood up and turned 
around.

"Nimbus!"  A voice yelled through the rainy air.

The shadowy figure stood up not at all dazed by the blast.  
He walked to the two new shadowy figures as the firelight 
from the destroyed chopper highlighted his features.

"So, you two are the chosen ones."  He smiled greedily.  
"I am Nathaniel Nimbus, but it seems that you already knew 
that."  
"Shut up.  You are a fool."  Latrus paused to catch 
Nimbus's attention.  "You must die."  Latrus yelled 
dragging his dark metallic sword across the ground as it 
slit upwards to slice Nimbus in half.  Latrus stood still 
after his cut and turned around to see the carnage.  Fear 
crossed his eyes as there was no blood or body at his feet.

"I see.  You must be the male chosen one."  Nimbus smiled 
as he appeared in front of Latrus.  He turned his head 
toward Katrina.  "And you must be the counterpart of the 
chosen one.  Remarkable."  Nimbus smiled.

Latrus moved forward and raised his sword for another 
attack.  He brought his sword for a downward slice, but 
Nimbus didn't event flinch.  He didn't even move.  Latrus 
brought his sword down with incredible force.  He grunted as 
some other force prevented him to continue.  He pulled on 
his blade harder, but no response.  Nimbus not even an inch 
from the blade smiled greedily and began to pace around 
Latrus.

"Poor child.  You are a child of the darkness and I control 
the dark."  Nimbus gloated.  "Look, you saw Miser, he 
works for me.  Now, how could a demon like that work for 
me?"  Nimbus asked innocently and waited for the stunned 
Latrus to answer.

"I don't know and I don't CARE!"  Screamed Latrus.

Nimbus immediately slapped Latrus across his face.  Latrus 
tried to move as his honor was taken away with the slap, but 
the mysterious force held him at bay.  "Now, listen to 
me."  Nimbus said dramatically.  "Repeat after me.  Nimbus 
is a Demon Sorcerer."  Nimbus whispered into his ear.  

Latrus stood still and emotionless.  This was a game.  Sure, 
Nimbus might be a Demon Sorcerer, but the mad man also 
wanted to see Latrus be afraid.  Latrus snarled in fury to 
cover up his fear and starred straight into Nimbus's blue 
eyes.  

Nimbus looked up at the dark sky and looked back into 
Latrus's eyes.  "It looks like my ride is about to arrive.  
You will be accompanying me.  Your friend can wait here.  It 
is you I want."  Nimbus pulled some strands of his blonde 
hair out of his face.  He then turned to face Katrina.  He 
slowly paced to her.  He was nose length apart before he 
spoke to her.  "Let us see how long you can fight the 
instinct when you two are separated for a long while."  He 
smiled and began to laugh.

"Stop.  I am here to fight you Nathaniel."  Tenchi yelled.

"You."  Nimbus said annoyingly.  "I see the little pest 
wants to get involved.  You are nothing to me."  Nimbus 
turned to face him and focused his other hand on Katrina as 
a red blast ignited from it.  One moment Katrina looked like 
Latrus, the next she flew to the ground and blood began to 
soak the grass.  "Oops.  Did I do that?"  Nimbus asked 
innocently.  

"Katrina."  Latrus screamed in worry.  
"Yes, beg for her.  Let the Instinct take over."  Nimbus 
smiled as the sound of another helicopter moved through the 
sky.  Nimbus looked up at the incoming lights in the sky.  
"There's our ride.  Chow."  Nimbus waved as he and the 
frozen Latrus floated up to the helicopter.  With in seconds 
the chopper, Nimbus, and Latrus were gone.

"Washu, come quickly."  Tenchi hollered.  

Tenchi ran to the motionless woman with Washu not far 
behind.  

"Look at all this blood."  Tenchi said sickly.

Washu ignored his comment as she scanned the girl's DNA 
patterns.  Then she jumped back in surprise.  "Tenchi!"  
She called.

"What?"  He asked.

"I don't think she needs our help."  Washu said in 
astonishment.

"What do you mean?"  Tenchi asked calmly since acting 
worried and angry was not going to get him anywhere.

"She is completely healing herself."  Washu continued.

"Amazing."  Ryoko said from behind.

"Yes, and bad."  Washu commented.

"Bad, why?"  Ryoko asked.

"Because, only demons can heal so quickly, and that means 
our two newcomers are demons."  Washu said looking back 
into the stars as if there was an answer to her questions.

TO BE CONTINUED...

This is the end of chapter five.  Stay tuned for chapter six 
of the Revelations series.  I hope you like the new plot.  I 
just had an idea and ran with it.  E-mail me on comments or 
replies you might have on my story.  Thank you.

