Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  Only a few are my creations.  Enjoy the 
story.


Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter Seven: Save the Universe, Nimbus Must Die!


Darkness now flowed through the child's flesh, as his eyes 
remained closed.  He seemed at peace or dead.

"Come."  The child said with glee, but his eyes remained 
closed.
***
Ryshu woke up in fear.  He tried to slow down his breathing, 
but also tried to wipe the pouring sweat off of his brow.  
The child looked to his left and saw that his mother was not 
in bed, but someone stood at the doorway.

"Who are you?"  The boy asked unable to see the features 
of the shadowy figure.

"Relax."  Came the Irish woman's reply.  "You had another 
nightmare, didn't you?"  She said sadly and walked toward 
the child.

"Yeah."  Ryshu mumbled a little afraid of having the same 
dream since he was born.

"One day the nightmares will end.  I promise."  She said 
and vanished out of the room.
***
Katrina strolled down the staircase very quietly.  She 
overheard the other talking and decided to see what they 
were planning.  She walked into the kitchen where the rest 
of the family was discussing some sort of strategy.  She 
walked toward the group and waited for the surprised 
silence.

"You!"  Tenchi gasped.

"It is me."  She replied and looked at Washu.  "You are 
all after Nimbus?"

"Yes."  Washu answered.

"I see.  Then, I must go and free my master before it is 
too late."  She turned to leave.

"Wait."  Tenchi beckoned.

She stood in silence and waited for him to speak.  She felt 
a twinge in her shoulder and rubbed it off.  She was losing 
control and had to release Latrus, before the Instinct took 
over their minds.

"Tell us why you are here, and why are you and that dark 
man after Washu?"  Tenchi asked.

"We are demons, who know what happens in the future, if she 
lives.  We also are in a war, but with an opponent that is 
integral and imperfect."  She continued and left the 
kitchen, but Tenchi and the gang ran behind her.  

"Ryoko."  Tenchi spoke to her.

"Right."  She replied and teleported in front of Katrina.

"Out of my way."  Katrina ordered, but was looking through 
Ryoko as if she was not there.

"You still have a lot to answer for."  Ryoko challenged, 
but then trembled in pain as Katrina punched her in the face 
knocking Ryoko off her feet and walked through the door.

"Ryoko, are you all right."  Tenchi asked worriedly.

"I'm fine."  She answered and floated to her feet, then 
also walked through the door.

Tenchi signaled everyone to follow, and they ran out the 
door.  Tenchi saw Katrina standing still looking up at the 
night sky.  Ryoko was behind her, but made no move to 
advance any further toward the demon.  Tenchi froze as a 
cold wind paced by.  He looked around in fury.  Chaos or its 
minions just came to visit again.  He knew that feeling 
well, now.  He looked back at Katrina as her red hair flowed 
with the very essence of the wind.  She looked like she was 
a part of it.

"Show yourself, challenger."  She called calmly.

"Katrina, it has been a while."  An Irish man's voice 
chilled the air.  Then, a giant of a man appeared before 
her.  He also had red hair and beard.  

Tenchi realized that this was the demon he met in the forest 
when Tokimi arrived.

"Glark."  He called to get his attention.

"I have nothing with you boy, or you, Tokimi.  I am after 
the girl.  Come, I can help you."  He said with a 
malevolent grin.

"You?"  Katrina smirked and began laughing.  "You never 
stopped this from happening in the first place, and now 
die."  She screamed in fury as fire released from her hands 
to the ogre of a man.  

Glark jumped high over her flames and released a red beam of 
light towards her, but she jumped back.

"I must get to Latrus."  She snarled.

"I cannot let you."  Glark roared and kicked the girl into 
the air and vanished.  Katrina shot into the air, but was 
met by Glark as he reappeared above her and hammered her 
with his fists back down to the ground.  Katrina hit the 
ground, but remained angry and insane as her eyes were 
flashing black.

"Listen to me, lass."  Glark yelled.  He grabbed her left 
wrist and twisted her arm behind her back.  "SHUTUP AND 
LISTEN!"  He roared, but Katrina slowed down, but still 
struggled from his grasp.

Tenchi leaped to his feet in anger and ran toward the beast 
of a man.  He summoned the energy out of the tenchiken.  
Tenchi felt warmth around his body and looked to his side 
and saw Ryoko running by his side.  Her sword raised 
parallel from her face.  

"Now, stay away from Nimbus, and Latrus will be here at 
dawn."  He whispered in her ear.  "I love you, and one day 
will make up for it."  He said and threw her forward to 
Tenchi and Ryoko as he levitated into the air.  

Ryoko leaped and caught Katrina, but was met with a fist to 
the face.  Ryoko fell down and immediately crawled forward 
and tripped the angry Tenchi in front of her.  She held on 
his foot with all her might and could hear his snarl like a 
wild animal.  Ryoko looked up at the black-eyed girl before 
them.  

"Tenchi, look, something is wrong."  She hollered to the 
fallen Tenchi.

Tenchi tilted his head upward looking at the demon before 
him.  His anger chilled to calmness as he realized that 
Ryoko was right.

"Katrina!  Wake up.  Look at yourself."  Tenchi called 
trying to get the strange girl to phase out of her odd 
behavior.


"LATRUS..." She hissed in an inhuman way, but was dazzled 
off her feet by an unknown force.

Tenchi saw the dark figure that stood behind Katrina.  
Tenchi noticed the short height and scattered hair of the 
being.  "Washu?" He asked.

"Sorry about that, but this woman is mad.  Come inside and 
I will explain."  Washu said.
***
Blackness surrounded the child.  Cold blackness slid across 
his very existence.

"Come."  The boy called.  "Come the call is louder."  The 
boy sang.

"AAHHH!"  Ryshu cried again.  He looked around, but was 
met by a warm presence that surrounded his body.

"Shhhh."  Ryoko hushed him.  "I'm here."  She said 
rocking the child back and forth in her arms.  She carried 
the little boy and left the room.  She petted his head as 
the climbed down the staircase.  Ryoko looked and noticed 
Washu had some sort of amulet in her hand.  It was a cross, 
but made of pure gold.

"What is that?"  Ryoko asked as she rubbed her chin on her 
son's head.

"It is for Katrina."  Washu replied.

"Yeah, but why?"  Tenchi asked.

"This cross was around my neck, when I was born."  Washu 
said as she slipped the necklace over Katrina's head and let 
it rest flat on her chest.

"Yes, I thought you were the chosen ones."  Gratin-Lar 
said as he appeared behind Ryoko.

"What do you mean?"  Washu asked.

"Sit."  He gestured for everyone to sit and took his place 
in front of the group.  "There was a legend that the so 
called Little Demon sang to all the demons.  A song that 
claimed to demons will fall in love, the first ever.  You 
see demons can fall in love with anyone in the universe 
except for other demons.  Somehow the Little Demon 
prophesized the future."  Gratin-Lar took a breath before 
he continued.

"What is so threatening about that?"  Mihoshi asked as she 
entered the room.

"My turn."  Tokimi demanded toward Gratin-Lar.  He nodded 
his head in agreement and let her speak.  "The song also 
talked about the two mating in a ceremony known as the 
Instinct.  If they mated, the universe and the entire mortal 
world will be unbalanced.  And the child of destruction will 
be born instantly afterwards bringing the end of the mortal 
world as well as itself and the chosen ones."  She 
swallowed back her fear and continued.  "The song ends 
claiming that the demons will dance for their days."  She 
finished.

"This means that someone wants Katrina to mate with Latrus 
for they are the chosen ones."  Gratin-Lar interrupted.

"What does this amulet have to do with that?"  Washu 
asked.

"I found that amulet around your neck.  Our lord created it 
for such a threat, but it was stolen by a demon and then we 
found it around your neck."  He said.  "I believe that 
Chaos is out to see if the song is true and placed that 
amulet on you thinking that you would be chosen because you 
are it child, but now we all know that you are not the 
chosen one."

"So, what does this amulet do?"  Washu asked lifting it in 
the air.

"It keeps the Instinct asleep until it is not around the 
wearers neck."  He replied.

"I see, but who was that big ox of a man?"  Washu asked 
trying to fit all of the pieces together.

"That was my Da."  Replied a wide opened Katrina.

"Your father?"  Tenchi jumped.

"Yes, my mom was a Scott, and my Da was a demon.  But 
because we are demons does not mean all of us are bad.  We 
are only bad when we are controlled by evil.  You see, demon 
sorcerers, and other demons can control us.  Otherwise, we 
are just like everyone else accept immortal and 
unbalanced."  She sighed covering her eyes with her hands.

"What do you mean?"  Tenchi asked intrigued by the idea 
that demons could be good.

"Unlike the demons you here of.  We are not spirits, but a 
race with that accursed name.  The only true demon among us 
is Chaos."

"Yeah, but how is it unbalanced?"  Asked Ryoko.

"Chaos possessed a lot of people in our race.  Turning them 
into true demon spirits.  Some of us can fight it every now 
and then.  Except for three people.  Latrus, Washu, and I 
are demons.  Except you are possessed."  She said starring 
at Washu.

"What?"  Washu gasped.

"Yes, you were possessed when you were born, and knew how 
to fight unconsciously because you are the child of the 
demon that created it.  That is why we are here.  Chaos does 
something in the future and puts you on the Demons' throne.  
The rest are all dead, except Latrus and me.  We have been 
running from your terror, Washu."  She said coldly.

"Mine?"  Washu jumped back in surprise.

"Yes, something made you follow your parent's ways, but I 
don't know what.  That is why we came here to kill you and 
free the mortal world."  

"What about Chaos?"  Washu asked in defense of herself.

"Chaos has not been seen since you took over."  Came the 
reply from Katrina.

"I see."  Washu knelt down on her knees in disbelief.

"I don't hate you.  Latrus told me stories about you.  He 
claims that he met you a long time ago."  Katrina said with 
a smile growing on her face.  "I don't know about the 
future, but I can't believe that you are the same woman in 
the future.  You are too forgiving than the beast in the 
future."  Katrina finished.  "Now, everyone sleep, and I 
will tell you more about the threats and myself tomorrow 
when my lord arrives."  She said and watched the group 
stroll away toward their be chambers.  "I will let you hear 
this too, my love."  She cried for the first time she got 
to call Latrus her love and not feel the Instinct's force 
take over.  
***
"What are you doing Latrus?"  Washu asked in disgust.

"I am waiting for a sign."  He replied in the same tone as 
her.

"And what is this sign supposed to do?"  She asked 
maliciously.

"Allow me to know how and when to kill you."  He turned to 
face the leader of demons.  He bowed with a malevolent grin 
upon his face.  "My Lady."  He said.

"Well, I will punish you when you do strike.  I am 
interested to know what your plan is."  She turned to 
leave.

"Where will we do battle?"  Latrus asked looking at the 
darkness in front of him.

"You choose."  Came the reply.

"The shadow zone sound like a nice spot."  He said looking 
back into the emerald eyes of his Empress.

"Why the shadow zone?  You know that know being or demon is 
supposed to be there."  She said annoyed at his suggestion.

"Yes, but I am the chosen one."  He smiled in confidence.

"The chosen one for what?" She bellowed in anger.

"To kill Chaos."  He hollered to make sure everyone knew 
his purpose.

"What?  Chaos has never been seen.  It is just a legend."  
She jumped in fury.

"To most, but to you and I it is alive."  He said walking 
toward her with a smile of victory on his face.

"You know."  She smiled.

"Everything."  He replied with anticipation.

"So you are almost ready, very well.  Meet me in the center 
of the shadow zone, when you are truly ready and we will 
duel to our hearts content."  She said turning to leave 
again.

"I have a few more things to do, first.  I will be there 
after I finish, Chaos." He smiled as Washu turned to 
confront him again.

"You are too smart for your own good."  She hissed.

"I hope you do not grow to attached to her body because I 
am after your real body which lies in the Shadow Zone.  I 
know you have been waiting for us to fight since the 
beginning of time.  That is what this is about.  Not power 
money, or torture, but a fight to determine good and evil.  
God has challenged you and you were chosen to select our 
lord's champion.  You chose a child of mortality, demon, and 
angel.  Hoping that the three bloods will affect my vision.  
You are wrong.  I know I can beat you and I will."  He said 
as he now stood in Washu's face.  

"You are quite brilliant.  Now, it is my turn."  She 
smiled with evil intent.  "You want to go back in time and 
find out how I got this body and took over the world.  
Correct?"  She asked standing still.

"True."  He answered annoyed.  

"Good.  I will send another demon to accompany you on this 
awakening.  I must have you well alive for our battle to 
take place.  Now, who should I send."  She put her finger 
to her chin pretending to think, but in reality already has 
chosen someone.  "Ah, yes.  Katrina and you are trying to 
keep away from each other due to my power, but she would 
still give you a challenge and keep you alive.  So, off you 
go."  She signaled for him to leave, but took a step 
forward.  "Remember the name, Nimbus."  She yelled.  "He 
had a lot to do with the madness that I have created in the 
mortal world."  She laughed to herself.
***
Latrus woke up in a start.  His body was wet from all the 
sweat.  The Instinct still drove him mad, but Chaos told him 
to go after Nimbus, but he went after Washu.  He grabbed the 
chair that was beside him and threw it at the indestructible 
mirror that covered the wall from floor to ceiling and wall 
to wall in his cubed room.  He then ran toward the mirror 
and pounded his fists against the smooth surface in a fit of 
rage.  

"Let me out."  He screamed in fury.  "I must get to 
Katrina."  He yelled as he his the glass again.  His 
knuckled spewed out blood as they were raw from hitting the 
glass, but he still attempted to break it with his fists.  
He didn't care anymore.  The Instinct has his mind and he 
must get to Katrina.  He has been gone too long.
***
 Nimbus smiled as the man tried to bust out of his prison.  
This was interesting to him.  He has always heard of the 
legends of the Instinct, but to see it in person was 
something else.

"Master Nimbus."  Glark said leaning on one knee with his 
head pointing to the floor.

"What is it Glark?"  He asked still interested with the 
scene in front of him.

"We must let the boy go.  He will ruin our plans.  He will 
ruin everything that we have worked for."  Glark said 
humbling before his master.  

"Really?"  Nimbus asked scratching his chin.  "How?"

"The Instinct will give him so much strength that he will 
break out of that prison and destroy this compound.  He will 
then probably go after his mate.  Besides, since you have 
been trying to learn the nature of the Instinct, we have 
been put behind schedule."  Glark spoke not lifting his 
eyes toward the man in front of him.

"You are right.  His being here is slowing me down."  He 
turned to face Glark and signaled his hand for the big man 
to stand on his feet.  "Very well, release him."  Nimbus 
ordered and walked around the big man toward the door with 
his hands behind his back.

"As you wish, my lord."  Glark said and followed behind 
Nimbus to carry out his orders.
***
The sun brightened the house of the Masaki family.  The 
trees and fields bloomed in green and rainbow colors.  Ryoko 
stood in between two trees.  Ryshu stood facing her on the 
other side.  

"Now form the energy like I taught you."  Ryoko told him 
harshly.  No matter how she wanted to be more like a mother 
she couldn't during the training.  He had to learn to fight 
without emotion to survive a battle.

Ryshu looked at his left hand and concentrated on forming an 
energy ball.  He felt the warm energy course through his 
body.  He then felt the warmth spread to his fingertips.  
Tightening his eyes he felt the energy form in the palm of 
his hand.  He opened his eyes to see a small golden globe 
rest in the palm of his hand.

"Goood."  Ryoko cheered.  "Now squeeze your hand around 
the globe, and it should turn into a sword like this."  
Ryoko formed an energy ball in her right hand and then 
squeezed it transforming the globe into a long golden rod.

Ryshu squeezed his hand slowly not used to the warmth coming 
off of the globe, and from being afraid of the ball 
exploding with his fist tightening around it.  He squeezed 
it until a rod similar to his mother's formed.

"That's my son."  Ryoko congratulated aloud.  "Clear your 
thoughts and do not think about the energy.  Just relax and 
concentrate on breathing."  Ryoko chanted to the little boy 
watching him close his eyes.  He began breathing and waited 
for his mother to tell him to stop.  "Okay open."  Ryoko 
said.

Ryshu opened his eyes to see the energy was gone and he did 
not feel the warmth around his hand.  "Where did it go?"  
He asked looking around the area.

"It disappeared."  She replied with a smile.

"How?"  He asked.

"The energy weakened because your mind was not thinking 
about it and it vanished."  She said holding her smile.  
Ryoko walked over to her son.  Her blue jeans were still 
clean considering all of the training she was doing with 
Tenchi and her son.  She dissipated her sword and kneeled 
down to give her son a hug.

Ryshu wrapped his arms around his mother's neck.  "Mommy?"  
He asked cuddling her cheek.  

"Yes."  She replied.

"Where did you get this green sweat shirt from?" 

"Tenchi gave it to me."  She smiled.  "I have to learn to 
wear the clothes on this world and not my own, if I am going 
to live here."

"Oh."  He said quietly.

"Come let me teach you how to fly."  She said breaking up 
their embrace.  "If we leave now, I might be able to show 
you some better places besides this island before the people 
of Jurai arrive this afternoon."  She said and gave her son 
a kiss on the forehead.
***
Latrus has not been here, yet.  She didn't care anymore.  
She knew he would be here soon enough.  Katrina looked at 
the calendar and stood in disbelief at the date.  "May 
23."  She said aloud.  She then looked back at a digital 
clock that rested on a table.  It read 11:36 a.m.  Katrina 
leaped into the air and flew off into the sky.  

"I must hurry."  She told herself.
***
Ryoko flew behind her son as they flew across the ocean at 
incredible speed.  "Follow me, son."  Ryoko said and flew 
in front of him.  

They flew over mountain tops and the land was filled with 
life.  The cities, farms, towns were all filled with 
activity and looked like busy ants as they flew over the 
people.  They then, flew over a place that looked like 
death.  Sand could only be seen for miles.  The desert was 
vast, but life began to spring as another blue body of water 
passed under them.  Ryoko dove for the water with Ryshu 
behind her.  Her bare feet skied over the water as she 
pulled herself up and twirled into the sky.  Ryshu did the 
same thing as he flew closely behind her.  He felt free and 
happy as if nothing was wrong in his life.  He flew and 
noticed a huge body of water now below them.

"That is the English Channel."  Ryoko told him as she 
slowed down so she could be by his side.  "Come."  She 
said and flew in front of him.

Ryshu was amazed.  The island they flew over was solid 
green.  No colors of death only life filled the island, but 
some fog moved around and he looked up and his mother was 
gone.  He began to cry, and lost all concentration as he 
fell from the sky.  He continued falling, but regained 
control and slowly flew to the ground.  He landed gently and 
cried to himself.

"Mommy!  I want my mommy."  He cried and yelled at the 
same time.

"Why are you crying?"  A little red haired girl asked 
walking behind him.

"I lost my mommy."  He whimpered as tears fell like 
waterfalls down his cheeks. 

"I lost my mommy once, but she came back and baked me 
cookies."  Said the little girl enthusiastically with a 
foreign, but familiar accent.  "What's your name?"  She 
asked.

"Ryshu."  He said shyly as the tears began to drip.

"My name is Kat."  She said taking his hand and shaking 
it.

"What is this place?"  He asked to himself aloud.

"This is my mom's farm in Ireland."  Kat said with pride.  
"Hey, you want to see something neat."  She jumped up in 
joy.

"What?"  He asked curiously, as the tears no longer fell 
from his face.

"Race, ya."  She giggled and started running up a huge 
green hill.

"Hey."  Ryshu yelled and ran after her.  The two children 
ran side by side up the hill, but as they neared the top Kat 
reached first.

"Yes, I win."  She cheered.  "Now the fun part."  She 
smiled.

"Fun part?"  He asked, as she had him confused.

"Do as I do."  She said and started to lie flat on her 
back. She then rolled off the hill and spun maniacally down 
the hill.
Ryshu watched in amazement and followed everything she did.  
He then, took a deep breath and rolled down the hill 
cheering in excitement all the way down.  He reached the 
bottom and laughed so hard from the excitement that he began 
to cough.

"Want to do that again?"  She asked.

"Yeah."  He said excitedly.

"Okay, here we go."  She cheered and ran back up the hill.

Ryshu ran behind her and both rolled down the hill together 
laughing all the way.

"Okay son, time to go."  Ryoko called from in front of the 
giggly children.

"Mommy!"  The boy cried and leaped into Ryoko's arms.  "I 
had so much fun."  He said happily.

"Good, but you had me worried."  She said a little 
sternly, but giggled because she would have done the same 
thing.  "Who's your new friend?"  Ryoko asked with a 
smile.

"Her name is Kat."  He said.

"Hello, Ryshu's mom."  Kat smiled.

"Pleasure to meet you, Kat."  She looked at Ryshu.  "We 
have to get back.  Our company will be here soon.  I will 
take you back here some other time."  She smiled and 
carried Ryshu out of sight from Kat.  She made sure no one 
was around and flew into the air.
***
Katrina watched as Ryoko flew off.  She wished they never 
left.  She had so much fun with him for they never did come 
back.

"One day we will meet again Ryshu.  I hope."  She said to 
herself and flew into the bright sunlight.
***
 The surrounding area of the Masaki land was covered with 
masses of people for miles.  People of Jurai crying away for 
the destruction of their world.  Two ladies stood in front 
of the massive crowd.  They stood out with their heavy, 
dragging cloaks of spring color on their backs.  Tenchi 
stood with his family and friends behind him.  Ayeka and 
Sasami stood in front sadness covered their faces.  Gratin-
Lar dressed in his black armor stood by his new wife.  

"Thank you for greeting us."  Misaki thanked in 
bitterness.

"Yes, thank you."  Funaho said.  "You are too kind, but 
we will be leaving to our new home in two weeks."

"What?"  Sasami gasped.  "I thought you all were going to 
live here."

"We were, but this planet has enough life on it and could 
not support much more.  We will move to a planet selected by 
our scouts."  Misaki explained uncomfortably.

"That means we need a new Emperor or Empress.  Tenchi has 
already declined the throne, and that means you are to be 
Empress, Ayeka."  Funaho said a little cheerfully.

"I...I...can't."  Ayeka stuttered.

"What?"  Misaki choked in bitterness and fury.

"I am married to...um..." She had trouble telling her 
mother that she has a greater responsibility than rule over 
her people.

"Explain!"  Misaki scolded.

"She and I are married by God, the being of light and good.  
She is now an immortal and guardian to the entire universe 
to protect it from evil."  Gratin-Lar said grimly.

"Why were we not informed?"  Funaho asked a little hurt.

"Because I can take you to where we were to be married.  No 
mortal can look at God and come back to the land of 
mortality.  I did it for your safety that is why you were 
not invited.  I was about to call you, but we knew evil has 
entered Jurai and now was not the time to cheer and be 
merry."  Ayeka said sadly.

"Father?"  Sasami questioned.

"I'm sorry, Sasami."  Misaki cried and embraced her 
daughter in her arms.

"You are next in line, Sasami.  Do you except the throne?"  
Funaho asked starring at the embracing mother and daughter.

"Yes...yes."  She cried in her mother's arms.

"Come inside, we have a lot to talk about."  Said Yosho 
signaling the family to come into the house.
***

Ryoko flew by the house over the crowd of people as many 
recognized her from years ago.  The little boy in her arms 
hugged her tighter as their chats of demon filled the sky.  
Ryoko kissed him on the head to comfort him and her at the 
same time.  A cool wind swept the land and the people's 
cries reached to a scream of utter terror.

"Demon."  Ryoko gasped and starred at the cloaked man in 
front of her.  His feet rested on the rooftop.  His black 
cloak rested over the top of his feet and his face was 
covered with a hood.

"You must be Ryoko.  Where is Katrina?"  He asked almost 
insanely.  He pulled off the hood and his black hair blew in 
the wind his eyes were empty, no pupil could be seen.

"You!"  She scowled.  

"Where is SHE?"  He screamed and a blast of energy shot 
out toward Ryoko.

The emptiness left his eyes in a flash as he saw a small boy 
cradled in her arms.  His mouth moved in a movement of 
saying `no.' He vanished.  

Ryoko saw the bolt of energy and could not move.  She and 
Ryshu were about to be hit, but someone pushed her out of 
the way.  She looked up and there was Latrus taking his own 
hit.  He didn't seem phased by it and slowly floated to the 
ground as his hands pushed on his head squeezing it.

"Latrus."  Katrina called landing beside him.  "Take this 
amulet; it should help with the pain."  She said giving the 
amulet Washu gave her.  Sliding it over his head and let it 
hang around his neck, she smiled as he began to relax.  The 
amulet began to glow violently.  A blue light phased around 
him and vanished before Ryoko's eyes.

"At last I am ready."  He said and turned toward Katrina.  
"We must stop Nimbus."  He said.

"Now?"  She asked like a whiney child.

"Yes, because tomorrow Chaos will be here.  Get these 
people off this planet.  It is about to be one hell of a 
show."  He said and walked toward the house.

"Where are you going?"  Kat asked.

"I am going to make an apology that I should have made a 
long time ago."  He said grimly and entered the house.
***
Washu listened as the family reunited and discussed future 
plans.  She then looked up at a start as Ryoko with Ryshu in 
her arms teleported next to the young scientist and goddess.

"Trouble."  She said and then gasped as a cloaked man 
walked into the room.  He ignored everyone and starred at 
Washu and then looked at Ryoko.

"I apologize for my aggression when we first met, I didn't 
understand what I must do until now."  He said and bowed 
graciously for her forgiveness.

"Huh!"   Washu exclaimed in confusion.

"I have a young wizard to kill, so I can end my fate and 
fight my destiny."  He said coldly.

"Where are you going?"  She managed to ask due to her 
confusion.

"To Italy, Rome."  He replied.

"Why?"  Tenchi asked.

"That is where the nightmare will begin."  He answered.

He took Ryoko's hands into his.  She tenses in worry, but 
relaxed as she starred into his eyes.  They were gentle, but 
they also seemed familiar.  

"Runaway with these people."  He turned to Tenchi.  "All 
of you."  He looked back at Ryoko.  "Promise me to take 
this kid where ever you go, no matter what."  He said 
sternly.  "His chances will be better with you than 
anywhere else.  Trust me, I know because I saw him when..." 
He stopped and turned to walk away.

Ryoko felt frightened for her son.  She wanted the man to 
finish, but thought against it.  She might have not wanted 
to know anyway.  She took a step forward, and announced, "I 
promise." 

He turned and looked into her golden orbs.  "Thank you."

"What are you going to do?"  Misaki asked as more tears of 
sorrow fell down her cheeks.

"End the madness that is going on."  He replied.

"How?"  Ryoko jumped with uncertain feelings about this 
situation.

"Nimbus must die."  He said slowly and signaled for 
Katrina to follow as they walked out the door.
***

The TV in the room highlighted as slick haired newsman read 
the news, but Tenchi and the others continued their 
discussion on what to do now that they were warned.

"Tonight, in Italy, Nimbus arrives to make a huge fund 
raiser with the Pope.  This is big news, since the Pope has 
never taken huge donations like this before.  This is the 
biggest event of the year.  It was scheduled to be outside, 
but due to Tropical Storm Shawn it was moved to inside the 
holy Catholic Church itself in the Vatican."  The newsman 
announced.  "And here is the news in your area."
***
Nimbus admired his room with awe.  The rooms in a church, 
especially king of all churches, always seemed imperial.  
The sharpness and curves of the sculptures that almost 
looked life like.  The way the layers of stones made the 
church evermore an imperial castle, and not to miss the 
banners with holy crosses knitted delicately on the cloth.  
Oh yes, this was his new start for an empire and eventually 
peace.  

The rain poured heavily on the color paned glass of the only 
window in his room.  He noticed how the drops of rain looked 
like tears falling down the man's face, Jesus' face.  

"Report."  Nimbus ordered to the man standing behind him.

"Everything goes as planned."  Claimed the hooded man.

"Good, tonight will be the end of all things.  For the Pope 
and I will meet in one hour and then the ceremonies can 
begin."  Nimbus smiled back at the hooded man.

"Yessss!"  Hissed the man as he rubbed his hands greedily 
together.

"Excellent and now nothing can get in my way.  Prepare your 
men, Latrus.  We begin in one hour and exactly fifteen 
minutes."  Nimbus said looking at his gold plated watch 
decorated with diamonds all around.

"As you command, lord."  Latrus bowed servant like and 
left the room.
***
The man stood as the rain poured on his hood.  Everything 
was too perfect.  Tomorrow the world will belong to Chaos.  
He made sure the guards and his minions were posted 
throughout the Vatican.  He was not going to make it easy 
for the two expected visitors and more.  This was his night 
and glory to his god.

"Now the real fun begins."  He whispered to himself.  He 
continued to walk down the path to his room.  "Cry Havoc, 
and slip the dogs of war."  He acted to himself and began 
to giggle quietly as he entered his room.


TO BE CONTINUED...

This is the end of the climax.  Pieces are put together and 
everyone is after Nimbus.  Will Nimbus succeed, or will the 
two demons stop his plans?  Stay tuned for the next chapter, 
Holy War.  Please e-mail me at washu@saiyan.com with your 
replies on what you thought of my story.  I enjoy reading 
your comments.  Thanks and keep reading my stories.  






