Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  I created three characters in the fan fic.  
I hope you enjoy the story.


Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter 4:  Ryoko Knows the Truth


The year is 2048 A.D.  Darkness rules the land.  The young 
man breathed in the empty air.  The world around him glowing 
in a variety of colors as he stands next to a red headed 
woman, her hair down to her shoulders.  The man slid his 
hand through his black hair enjoying the peace he had left.  

"It is almost time Katrina."  He said sadly.

"Are you sure you want to go through with this?"  Katrina 
said pulling a red hair out of her face.

"We must."  He said tightening his fists in anger.  He 
loosened his grip and took a deep breath.  "Remember, when 
we arrive that we can not tell anyone our mission."

"Understood."  She replied as the colorful void around 
them turned black and emptiness surrounded them.
***
The afternoon at the Masaki house was filled with happiness.  
Everyone in the house was preparing for Tenchi's and Ryoko's 
wedding.  Washu and Nobuyoki were the two planning the 
expenses for the wedding.  Sasami was deciding what to make 
for the wedding, with the help of Ayeka.  Gratin-Lar was 
teaching Ryshu the code of honor, until Washu returned.  
Tenchi was out in the fields, while Yosho was sipping on a 
glass of tea at the shrine.  Ryoko was the only one not 
doing anything.  She had a lot on her mind and waited for 
everyone to be asleep before she would ponder on her 
worries.

Late at night, Ryoko sat on the roof.  The stars shined 
bright.  She just could not believe what was happening in 
her life.  First, there was Tenchi.  He asked her hand in 
marriage, but the second thought on her mind made her think 
if she was doing the right thing.  How can she confront 
Tenchi and Washu about her problems.  They claimed Chaos's 
influence has left her, but Ryoko can feel it.  She doesn't 
know why, but it has returned.  The cold feeling of 
emptiness has reentered her body.  She did not notice it 
until they removed the drug from her body.

"That drug must have been use to hide Chaos from Washu and 
me."  Ryoko bit her bottom lip in frustration.  "Chaos is 
on the mortal plain no doubt, but is still apart of me.  How 
can I marry the man in my dreams if it is going to be in 
vain?"  She sobbed in her hands.

"Nothing can be in vain, Ryoko."  A familiar voice said 
behind her.

She turned around to see Yosho standing behind her.  He 
walked toward her and sat beside her.  He turned to face her 
damp eyes.

"Yosho...I mean Lord Katshihito.  What are you doing 
here?"  She asked in bewilderment.

"I am here to keep a young lady from making the biggest 
mistake in her life."  He said.

"What do you mean?"  She asked trying to look like she 
knew nothing of what he was talking about.

"No need to be afraid, child."  He smiled.  "I have known 
the truth for a while, and so does Washu.  We are trying not 
to cause a panic.  That is the last thing this family needs.  
We don't want this family to go into a depression like 
before with the first encounter with Chaos.  This family 
needs to be happy for it to remain strong.  That is how 
empires fall.  The people are not happy and eventually rebel 
or die in war because they do not care."  He said not 
letting his eyes leave Ryoko's.

"Maybe, but my life with Tenchi will be short with Chaos 
alive or dead.  As long as I am connected to it, I can die 
by its own thought, or die by it leaving the mortal plain.  
It is the same either way; I die."  She moaned at the 
thought and looked down at the ground.

"There is a famous Earth saying.  It goes that it is better 
to love, than to never love at all."  He stopped so Ryoko 
could comprehend what he was telling her.

"What is that suppose to mean?"

"It means that if you are destined to die, than why not 
remain happy before you do die.  Tenchi loves you, and you 
love him.  You both might have short lives, but the memories 
are eternal."

"Ya, but my death would only bring back the pain of the 
loss of a loved one."

"True, but the memories of being together will erase that.  
Look at Nobuyoki.  He married my daughter, and she died.  
That didn't stop him from living his life.  He raised 
Tenchi, and would go to her grave and remember their 
memories.  You see we hurt, but the pain is taken away by 
the love you two have even after death.  That is what is 
important.  If you want to hear for yourself go to the man 
that knows more about it than me.  Nobuyoki might seem like 
a goofy pervert, but his heart is in the right place."  He 
got to his feet and jumped to the ground.  He turned around 
and looked up at Ryoko.  "I think I gave you the paths.  
Now, you must choose which one to take.  See you tomorrow."   
Yosho turned away and walked toward the shrine.

"You are right.  Thank you, Yosho."  She said and floated 
through the roof.

Nobuyoki sat on the sofa looking at some of his sketches.  
He took a cup of tea and sipped it.  Laying it back on the 
table in front of him.

"Nobuyoki."  Ryoko whispered.

"Yes, Ryoko."  He said not bothering to turn around.

"I am sorry to disturb you, but I need some help with a 
problem."  She said nervously.

"I know.  We all know except for Tenchi.  That is what you 
will have to tell him."

"What?"  Ryoko shrieked at the thought.  "Why doesn't 
Tenchi know?"

"Because that is for you.  You have a difficult lesson to 
learn and that is to have faith.   To have faith, you must 
also have trust.  By you telling Tenchi, you can get used to 
faith and trust."

"I see."  She stood still in silence.  

"Now, I guess you are here to hear my story."  He signaled 
for her to sit.  "Come sit."

She walked over to the front of the couch and sat beside 
him.

"My wife and I never knew she was going to die, but we 
still lived our lives.  We had happy times.  Then, she got 
real ill and passed away.  I was miserable.  I was ready to 
give up myself, but I had Tenchi to take care of, and the 
feeling that she would never want me to give up.  I kept 
pushing on and after a couple of years I got over my sorrows 
and lived in our happy memories.  We humans can only hurt 
for so long, while happiness is everlasting."  

"It sounds good, but I don't want to die."  She said as 
tears of bitterness slid down her face.

Nobuyoki wiped a tear off her cheek with his index finger.  
"Don't cry.  My wife did not want to die either, but she 
didn't want me to be tortured by her leaving me more.  You 
see, if you care for Tenchi as much you say you do, then I 
am sure you would want him to live on.  Correct?"  He asked 
with a slight nod and a smile.

"Yes, I would do anything to make him happy."  She said.

"I know you would, and that is all that I can teach you.  
The rest is up to you."

"Up to me?"

"Yes, I can see that you love my son, and that you would 
make me a happy father in law.  But, you have never been 
around love before.  To give you all the answers will only 
make your problems worse.  It is up to you and Tenchi to 
work them out from here on out.  This is were you make your 
own decisions for Tenchi's and your journey in the course of 
love."  He said standing up and gave a big yawn.

"I understand, but where do I begin."

"Go to the person who is to be your partner in the course 
of life, and tell him what he needs to know.  If you will 
excuse me, Washu and I have a wedding to plan.  It is going 
to be a long three months."  He said walking toward the 
staircase.  "Good night, my future daughter in law."  He 
said leaving Ryoko alone on the couch.

She walked to the staircase and slowly climbed to the second 
floor.  She was so tired and decided it best to wait until 
morning to settle the problems in her mind.  Besides, she 
has not been there for her son in a long time.  Washu has 
been training him, which Ryoko was against.

"I guess in the dangers ahead, he will need to know how to 
fight.  I will have to talk with Washu, and see if I can't 
train him myself.  He is my son, and who would he be 
comfortable around than me."  Ryoko smiled at the thought 
of being with Ryshu.  He has made her very proud.  The 
little one has lost his mother, but he did not give up.  He 
continued to live.  "Maybe you are right, Nobuyoki."

"Ryoko."  A voice said in front of her.  She looked up to 
see Tenchi leaning on the wall.

"Tenchi."  She replied nervously.  She was not ready to 
tell him tonight.  It has been a big roller coaster ride of 
emotions.

"What are you doing up so late?"  He asked.

"I was just thinking."

"About what?"

"Well..."She was afraid to tell him, but they were to be 
wed in a few months.  She just could not lie to him.  She 
took a deep breath and prayed for strength in her mind.  "I 
have some bad news.  You might want to sit down."  She 
suggested wanting every moment to prepare him and her for 
the final emotional ride.

Tenchi heard his heart beat louder and louder.  `Was she 
going to back out of the wedding?  Easy, Tenchi.  It might 
not even be that.'  He thought as he took a seat on the top 
step.  

Ryoko walked up toward him and sat beside him.  "Tenchi, 
this is going to be hard to say, but Chaos..."  She 
stopped.  The name of the demon made her spine twinge in 
fear.  She couldn't go on.  This was too hard to tell him 
that she will not always be there for him.

"It is okay, Ryoko.  I already know."  He said and pulled 
her closer to him.  He breathed in her cyan hair and kissed 
her hair.

She cuddled on to his shoulder and was lost in sanctuary, 
when curiosity took over.  "How did you know?"  She asked 
in a seductive voice.  

"When my Jurai power flashed through both of us, I could 
feel the darkness.  Don't you worry, my love."  He lifted 
her head so she could look into his eyes.  "I am aware of 
the dangers, and we will spend our lives to the fullest."  
He leaned closer and kissed her.  Her lips were tender.  He 
could not let go, but he gently pulled away.  "I will 
always love you."  He whispered into her ear.

He picked her up and carried her to her room.  He gently 
placed her on the futon.  He covered her up in the blankets.  
He stroked away her cyan hair and gave her a kiss goodnight.  
He then rubbed the cyan hair of a little lump on her side.  
"Goodnight, Ryoko and Ryshu."  He whispered and left the 
room.

For the first time in months, Ryoko felt like everything was 
back to normal, but for how long.  She knew the battles with 
the evil demon were far from over.  With that last thought, 
she closed her eyes and went to sleep.
***
The tall building glistened in the moonlight, as well as the 
city lights.  The towering fortress of Nimbus Industries now 
rested in the city of Tokyo.  The founder of the company 
waited in his office.  He had heard the news of another fall 
of a church.  He was delighted with eagerness.  The universe 
was in total unbalance.

"Now that the pieces have been laid we just have to move 
them.  Don't you agree Latrus."  Nimbus spoke with 
satisfaction.

"Indeed.  You are a genius, Mr. Nimbus."  Said the man 
sitting in front of Nimbus's chair.  His dark purple robe 
flowed over his feet.  A hood that lingered over the top 
half of his face hid the man's face.
***
The darkness lingered around her.  It was hard to breathe, 
but she was used to it.  She has been imprisoned in the 
darkness for over ten centuries.  Now, the evil spirit that 
possessed her returned to its master.  She opened the palm 
of her hand to release a small golden globe.  The globe 
surrounded her body, as she vanished from the cool darkness.

"I must reach them before my counterpart does."  She spoke 
to herself and disappeared.
***
Tenchi walked outside.  The cool morning breeze relieved him 
of his stress.  Nimbus still had to pay for his crimes, but 
there was more then that.  Earlier that morning Mihoshi 
reported to the group of churches all over the universe, 
were obliterated by a huge cult that is growing in 
population.  He knew it was not his problem, but people were 
dying and he felt pity for the churches that were destroyed.  

"If churches are being destroyed, then Chaos must behind 
it.  Only that monster would want to destroy faith."  
Tenchi snarled under his breath.

"Indeed."  Came the familiar high-pitched voice.  Tenchi 
turned around to see a woman standing before him. 

"You."  He hissed in anger.

"Yes, me."  She replied taking a step toward him.  "But, 
I am not here to harm you.  I have been free from that 
burden."  She said with regret.

"Then, what do you want?"  Tenchi asked controlling his 
anger.
"I am here to warn you."  She said taking a breath of the 
fresh air.  "Another demon is on its way.  This one has 
another agenda, then Chaos.  It wants revenge."

"Revenge, on us?"  Tenchi asked in confusion.

"Yes.  You see, when you defeated me, it freed itself from 
me and has traveled great distances to find you, but Chaos 
was here."

"I don't understand."

"The demon possessed me, and when you killed me, you 
destroyed its host."

"So, this demon wants us because we defeated it and host in 
battle."

"Precisely."  

"Two demons are after my head."

"I am not sure of that.  The demon you fought was not as 
powerful as the chaos demon."

"I mean that Chaos, used that host centuries ago, but 
probably gave it to this demon."

She opened her mouth, but could not move.  The being behind 
Tenchi was unbelievable in powerful.

Tenchi looked at the shocked woman in front of him and 
slowly turned around.  The man behind him was the size of an 
ox.  His long red hair twisted into a ponytail.  His red 
beard lay scattered across his wide, bulky chest.  The large 
man had a half moon ax resting on his brown pants leg.  His 
white silk shirt was tucked in.  The man looked like he was 
in the wrong time period.

Tenchi slowly backed away as the large man moved toward him.

"Greetings.  I am here to finish what we started."  He 
said smiling at Tenchi with a malicious grin.  He looked 
toward the woman and said, "Tokimi, I thought you dead, but 
you are indeed quite alive."

"That I am."  She retorted.

"Good now you both die."  He gloated.  He raises his hands 
into the air ready to crush Tenchi's head in.

"ENOUGH!"  A man's voice yelled through the wind.

The large man stopped in fear and slowly turned around to 
see a familiar face.  The man rested his shoulder on a tree 
trunk.  He wore a black and green striped robe that rested 
at his feet.

"Miser!"  The large man gasped and stepped back.

"You are lucky.  Most men would be dead, if that blow 
connected."  He laughed to himself.

"Who are you?"  Tenchi asked a little daunted about men 
appearing out of thin air.

"That's right.  I never introduced myself at our first few 
encounters."  Miser said pulling on his black goatee.  

"Our first encounter?"

"Yes, I am Miser, the Demon of Misery.  I was the one that 
portrayed Chaos, causing you and your family that delightful 
bit of pain and suffering."  He smiled.  

Tenchi took a step forward, anger controlling his movements.

"I wouldn't move, if I were you.  I could split your mortal 
molecules in a heartbeat.  The last time was all in fun, but 
this is not."  Miser said as his face was now serious.

"So what do you want?"  Tokimi asked a little irritated 
with their taunting.

"Oh nothing much.  I was sent here by Nimbus to retrieve 
Glark over there."  He said pointing to the bulky man.

"I suppose your friend is a demon as well."  Tenchi said 
glaring into Miser's eyes.

"Yes, he is the Demon of Devastation.  If you will excuse 
us, we have an appointment with the good gentleman.  Chow!"  
He said waving a goodbye at them and the two demons 
vanished.


This is the end of chapter four of the Revelations.  I have 
been very busy and had little time to finish this chapter.  
Keep reading chapter five to find out the identity of the 
two characters in the beginning.  Thank you for reading and 
send me some replies at washu@saiyan.com.
