Disclaimer: The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and Pioneer.  I 
hope you liked chapter one because here is chapter two.  Enjoy the story.



Tenchi Muyo!
Revelations
Chapter 2: Plans



The sun rose and everyone in the Masaki house were sitting at the table as 
Sasami was setting breakfast on the table.  No one said a word during breakfast.  
They ate quietly.  Everyone of them felt like they were forgetting something, 
but they didn't know what.

"Is it just me, or is something wrong with our family?"  Tenchi asked with 
concern in his eyes.

"I feel empty inside.  I agree something is wrong."  Ayeka said in agreement.

"I feel the same way."  Sasami said.

"Where is Mayuka?"  Yosho asked.

"She is with Tenchi's aunt.  I figure we wouldn't want her around in this..."  
Sasami stopped.  She couldn't remember why she sent Mayuka away when everything 
seemed fine.  `Why would I have this strange feeling?'  She thought.

"What's wrong, Sasami?"  Ayeka asked noticing her sister was lost in thought.

"Well, I was about to say this gloomy atmosphere, but I don't remember why we 
were sad?"  She asked with worry on her face.

"What are you thinking about dad?"  Tenchi asked looking at his father's eyes.

"Every morning I remember how it all began, but there is nothing that I can 
remember.  I remember when Ayeka was here, but it seems like someone else was 
here when Mihoshi arrived."  Nobuyoki said scratching his head.

Washu heard enough and got up and walked toward her lab.  

"Where are you going Washu?"  Tenchi asked.

"To my lab."  She replied.

"Are you not going to take your food with you?"  Sasami pleaded.

"No, but you all must come with me.  There is something I want to show you."  
She spoke with a serious expression on her face.

They all got up and followed her into the lab.  They got to her console and 
waited for her to say something.  Washu picked up a picture frame and turned it 
to face everyone.

"Do you know who that girl is in the picture?"  She asked looking at all of 
their eyes.

"She looks so familiar."  Tenchi said and felt sad inside.  Everyone else 
remained in silence as they tried to remember the girl in the picture.

"She should.  She was part of our family.  Her name is Ryoko.  She is my 
daughter."  Washu said as a tear fell down her cheek.

"Where is she?"  Yosho asked.

"She died not to long ago."  She said as she felt the pain of her loss flow 
through her, but she held it in.  She had to help them remember.  "Everyone 
listen.  I need you to step into the capsules to your right.  Do not ask any 
questions.  I need you to do it, and then I will answer your questions."  She 
ordered.

Tenchi turned to his right hesitantly, but walked toward the capsules.  Everyone 
followed behind him in silence.  Washu watched as they seated themselves in the 
capsules.  When she saw they were ready for her to begin.   She closed the 
capsule hatches by typing in a few keys on her keyboard.  A bright light emitted 
from the capsules.  She signaled Ryo-Ohki to come toward her.

"Come here.  I need to give you back your memories."  She said childishly.

Ryo-Ohki jumped into Washu's arms.  Washu placed her hand on the cabbit's 
forehead, and let the memories of last night flow through her.


(Nimbus Industries)

Nimbus finished his orders to all his companies around the world and closed down 
his computer.  He got up and looked at the window behind him.  The sun just 
rose.  The desert was indeed golden in the morning.  

"Feligust shuya latyn."  He said and the tile he was standing on lowered like an 
elevator.

He waited for it to reach the bottom.  It was time to move to Japan.  He had a 
meeting there that afternoon.  He also had a guest of his own that he was 
bringing.  When the tile reached the bottom, he stepped off and walked down the 
narrow hall.  

He stopped at the end of the hall and place his right eye in front of a monitor.  
A laser flashed on it and then a beep signaled.  The wall moved upward and 
Nimbus walked in.

"Who's there?"  A woman's voice said in fear.

"It is me, Ryoko."  Nimbus replied.  "Can you see anything?"  He asked.

"My vision came back not to long ago."  She said starring at Nimbus for the 
first time.  He was attractive, but he also was hiding himself from her.  She 
knew he was evil.  She knew when he lied to her.  She felt Tenchi's mind a few 
minutes ago.  She felt her link with Tenchi revive as he apparently lost his 
memory, but now it was back.  No doubt that Nimbus was behind it.

"They say eyes tell what a person is saying."  He said.  "I find this very true.  
Don't you?"  He asked.

"What do you mean?"  She asked as if she didn't know what he was talking about.

"Enough games.  You are mind linked to that boy, and he has regained his memory.  
I know.  I hoped my machine would erase that puny girl's mind, but it failed.  
No matter.  I still got you, and we are going to take a nice trip to Tokyo."  He 
smiled.

"Tokyo."  She gasped as she had no idea where they were.  "Where are we now?"  
She demanded.

"One of my militia camps in the back deserts of Australia.  It is disguised as 
one of my companies."  He said with another evil grin on his face.  "You want to 
try to get away, or kill me.  Too bad you can't.  The band on your wrist keeps 
you from moving and using your powers except for telepathy.  Now, come with me, 
precious."  He said and put a gown and robe around the terrified Ryoko.  He 
picked her up and seated her in a wheel chair.

"I can't have you speaking on our trip."  He said and turned the dial on the 
band clockwise.

Ryoko could only move her eyes, but she couldn't speak or move her body.  Nimbus 
wheeled her over to a platform

He stood at attention and called, "Lynx 40, are you ready for transport?"

"Yes master."  Came a digital reply.

"Proceed."  He ordered.

Ryoko watched as a gray light surrounded them.  When it vanished, they were in 
what looked like another lab similar to the one before.  A pale figure stood in 
front of them.

"Precious Ryoko, I like you to meet Lynx 40.  He is an android.  I only trust 
machines."  He said and looked at Lynx 40.  "Place her on the medical bed over 
there and tend to her until I return."  He ordered and walked out the door 
behind the android.

(Washu's Lab)


Tenchi opened his eyes and watched the capsule door open.  He got to his feet, 
and looked around.  All the others were doing the same thing.  Tenchi looked 
straight in front of him to see Washu petting Ryo-Ohki.  

"Washu?"  He asked.

"Do you remember her?"  Washu asked looking at everyone's eyes.

"Yes, I remember."  Tenchi said.  The others could only nod their heads.

"I know what all your questions are.  You want to know where is Ryoko's body.  I 
did a scan this morning looking for her, and found her.  She was in the middle 
of the dessert in Australia."  She  said waiting for one of them to say 
something about what she said.

"If you are able to track her, then she must be alive."  Ayeka said.

"Affirmative.  How she became revived?  I can't answer, but it does leave us 
with a big problem."  Washu said as she tried to hold back her fear.

"What is that?"  Yosho asked stepping toward her.

"Chaos can return to the mortal plain with Ryoko being alive."  Wahsu said.  "I 
even scanned most of this part of the universe for its energy levels, but found 
none.  I don't know if it can hide itself from us, or if it has something else 
in mind for us than it killing us."  She said as the fear began to shine in her 
eyes.

Tenchi placed his hands on his head as pain flowed through his head.  He dropped 
to his knees trying to focus his mind off the pain.

"Don't try to fight the pain.  You must submit to it."  Wahsu ordered to Tenchi 
as she realized what was wrong with him.

"Are you mad, Washu?"  Ayeka asked in anger. 

"No.  It is his mind link with Ryoko.  With Tenchi's memory back and Ryoko 
alive, he can connect his mind to hers."  Washu said giving Ayeka an optimistic 
look.  "I know because I went through the same pain last night."

The pain was gone and replaced by a warmth Tenchi missed very much.

"Ryoko."  He said to himself.  "I can feel you."  He said and his eyes were of 
happiness and changed to hate.  "She is held as a prisoner in Tokyo.  She 
doesn't know where."  He stopped and looked like he was waiting for something.  
"Her captor's name is Nathaniel Nimbus."  Tenchi said grinding his teeth.  
"Apparently, he brought her back from the dead and now because of his deed the 
universe could be destroyed."

"Go to her."  Washu said sternly.  "She needs you."  She gave him a round 
device.  "Push the button in the center and it will teleport you to Tokyo.  Push 
it again and it will bring you back to the lab.  Good luck."  She said in 
bitterness.

"I will find her."  Tenchi said with determination in his eyes.  He pushed the 
button and teleported to Tokyo.

She turned to look at Yosho.  "Stay here and watch these monitors.  If they 
begin to flash violently, contact me immediately."  She ordered.  "Ayeka, if 
Gratin-Lar went to the creator to get permission to marry you, you should be 
able to contact him by calling his name.  He will hear you, and come immediately 
but do it out of the lab.  He will hear you clearer and tell him what is going 
on." She looked at Sasami and Nobuyoki.  "Use this device to bring back Mihoshi.  
We need all the help we can get for the upcoming battle."  She looked at Ryshu 
as everyone ran to do as she commanded.  "My grandson, I am going to have to 
teach you how to use your powers.  I wanted to wait until you were a couple of 
years older, but I don't have a choice.  You must learn to defend yourself in 
the upcoming battle."  Washu said and took the little boy's hand and they left 
the lab.


"How does this device work, Nobuyoki?"  Sasami asked him in curiosity.

"It looks like a telephone, but I don't see any buttons on it.  I guess we just 
call Mihoshi's name by speaking it into the microphone."  He said still 
observing the strange device.

"Mihoshi.  Mihoshi."  Sasami called waiting for a reply.

"Mihoshi, here.  I hear you Sasami, but I can't figure out where you are."  
Mihoshi replied.

"We are using Washu's strange devices to communicate with you.  She wants us to 
tell you to come back.  She believes that Chaos is going to return and we need 
all the help we can get."  Sasami said.

"I am on my way."  Mihoshi said. "I was just puzzled over this mystery."  She 
said.

"What do you mean?"  Sasami asked.

 "The church rivalry ended with one of the church's killing all of its members 
in a suicidal ceremony.  The strange thing is."  Mihoshi said and stopped as if 
she was trying to figure out the mystery.

"What, Mihoshi?  What is the strange thing?"  Sasami asked as Mihoshi's story 
interested her.

"They killed themselves when I arrived.  We don't know what church they were, or 
why they caused this fight with the Gristian Church.  The Gristians don't know 
either.  They claim that the group just appeared out of nowhere.  Then, the 
attack began.  That is all we know.  I will be there in two hours."  Mihoshi 
said and then the signal broke and static was all that could be heard.


(In the living room of the Masaki house)


Ayeka sat on the couch.  She wondered what Washu was going to do with Ryshu.  
She was worried about him.  The little boy lost his mother and now he is 
wondering around with Washu.  `I trust Washu, but if she is thinking of training 
him to fight, she is crazy.  He has never been in combat before.  I will 
contact, my love.  Then, I will make sure Ryshu is okay.  I owe Ryoko that much.  
I just hope Tenchi is alright.'  She thought and began to concentrate on her 
love.  She felt him.  Then, she opened her mouth to call his name.  She has 
never done this before and never knew she could until Washu told her.

"Gratin-Lar, my love, we need you."  She said in her soft seducing voice, but 
with a tone as a cry of help.

"I hope he hears, me."  She said and began to straighten the sleeves of her 
Jurian robe.  "Curse you Washu.  You could have given me instructions to how to 
call him."  She said as her cheeks grew red with anger.

The anger vanished as she felt a hand lay on her shoulder.  She panicked and 
jumped back to see the owner of the hand.  She was so scared that she was 
breathing violently.

"Ayeka, its me."  A man's voice called.

She stopped and tried to relax herself.  "I am sorry, my love.   I have 
important news for you."  She said as fear of her story being a reality 
reflected off of her pink eyes.

"I know.  Ryoko is alive and you are afraid that Chaos will return."  He said 
and his voice was harsh.  Something was bothering him.  Ayeka could tell, but 
she didn't know what.

"What's wrong?"  She asked and walked around the couch to him with love in her 
eyes.

"I will tell you, but through the mind link.  This is so the others don't know.  
You must never tell them."  He said looking into her gentle eyes.

Ayeka did not know what to do, and the look of confusion reflected off her face.

"It is for their safety."  He said stroking her cheek with the back of his 
gloved hand.  " I would never do something for them or for you as long as I knew 
it was best for them."

"I know and I will do as you say, my love."  She said and closed her eyes to 
control her mind for what he was going to tell her.  She opened them and looked 
back into his dark eyes.  "What do I do?"  She asked.

"Close you eyes and listen for my voice in your head.  Don't say anything.  Just 
listen."  He said and smiled for her beauty was always there no matter what her 
emotions were.  "Are you ready?"  He asked in a calm voice.  Ayeka could only 
nod her head and closed her eyes.

The two stood in silence as Gratin-Lar spoke to Ayeka through the mind link.


(Nimbus Industries)

"Welcome back, master."  Said the digital-voiced android.

"Thank you.  And how is our Ryoko doing?"  Nimbus asked looking at Ryoko's 
golden eyes the entire time.

"She has not said a word since you left."  The android replied.

"Good.  Now leave us.  I want to talk to her alone."  Nimbus said and winked his 
left eye at Ryoko.

"Yes, master."  The android said and left the room.

"How are you Ryoko?"  He asked trying to sound as compassionate as he can.

"I hate you."  She said as nausea rushed through her head.

"You are feeling the nausea rush to your head.  That means Lynx has begun the 
process.  Shall I have a look?"  He said and walked over to the bed.  He shined 
a light at her eyes.  They did not move as the light touched the golden pupils.  
"Yes, that is very good."  He said with an evil grin and with satisfaction in 
his voice.

"What did that thing do to me?"  Ryoko asked as pain rushed through her head.

"He gave you Thraxis 9.  A drug that you were once addicted to.  I got a lot 
more for you.  It will make you feel weak, but it enhances your skills to 
survive.  It is said to believe to be deadly, but you are still alive."  He said 
and smiled.  "Kagato knew this and gave you the drug twice a day.  That is how 
your mind was controlled by him." 

"How do you know about Kagato?  She asked feeling her head throb as the pain 
became more intense.

"I know everything about you.  I know all of your weaknesses and strengths."  
Nimbus said and let out a small laugh.

"All of this to get me back on a drug.  You must want to control me pretty 
badly."  Ryoko said hoping her voice was strong enough to show anger.  She 
wanted him to know she wasn't going to give up without a fight.

"Not at all.  I just wanted to meet you and see if these strengths and 
weaknesses were true.  Now, I know.  You are free to go Ryoko."  He said and 
gave her shot in her arm.  It was more of the drug.  He smiled back at Ryoko.  
She had no idea that he gave her another shot.  She still had no feeling in her 
body.  "Lynx 40, come in here."  He yelled.

"I am here, master."  Lynx 40 said and entered the lab.  It walked to its 
master's side and waited for orders.

"Get her dressed, and toss her outside."  Nimbus ordered.

"Yes, master."  It replied and walked toward Ryoko.

"What are you doing?"  She asked in anger, but the nausea made it sound like a 
whisper.

"Your love is in the city, and I thought I would give him what he wants."  He 
said.

"You are mad.  How do you know we won't come after you?"  She asked and grinded 
her teeth as some more pain passed through her head.

"Maybe, but he will have to heal you first.  And that requires Washu's help.  
Goodbye Ryoko.  It was my pleasure to meet your acquaintance.  It is a shame it 
will be the last."  Nimbus said and laughed maniacally as he walked out of the 
lab.

Ryoko passed out as the pain was too much for her.  Lynx 40 dressed her in her 
burial clothes.  It then sat her in a wheel chair.  It looked at her and 
analyzed her life signs.  Then, walked behind the wheel chair and pushed it to 
the lab door and walked through as the door opened.

To be Continued...

This is the end of Plans.  I hope you enjoyed it.  The mystery is: Why did 
Nimbus let Ryoko go, and what is Nimbus's plan?  Is Chaos in the mortal plain?  
How will they defeat it if it is?  The pieces in this chapter have been laid 
out.  Keep reading to find out what happens in the next chapter.  I love to read 
people's comments on my work.  If you have any comments, e-mail me at 
washu@saiyan.com.  Thank you for reading my fan fics.  
