Ryoko’s Profiles: Mayuka

*****

The first time I saw her I didn’t know what to think.  Here was this girl, this woman standing closer to
Tenchi than I ever could.  I knew she was evil, that she had something up her sleeve, but I couldn’t put my
finger on it.  I tried to force her to tell me what it was that she was hiding, only to find out that not only did
she beat me in the looks department, but she outgunned me in powers too.

Mayuka stirred something in me that I thought only Aeka ever could, jealousy.  Maybe that’s why I hated
her so much.  I felt so threatened by her presence that all I could think of was one thing, her grizzly death.  

It was one of the few times that Aeka and I were in perfect agreement.  This girl was bad news, we both
knew it.  We did everything in our power to try to keep her away from Tenchi but no matter what we did…

I remember when I found them in the baths.  Tenchi looked like he was about to turn a new shade of red.  It
was actually kind of cute, except for the fact that a quite naked Mayuka was clutching him from behind.  I
couldn’t hear what he was saying and at the time, I really didn’t care.  I just wanted to tear her perfect little
hands away from him.  I wanted to grab him, fly him as far into the sky as I dared to take an earthling, and
just scream out ‘why?  Why can’t you see what’s going on?  Can’t you see she’ll hurt you?  Can’t you see
that you’re hurting me?!’  

That’s what I really wanted to say.  I didn’t give a shit about all this ‘daddy!’ crap.  I knew that when Tenchi
was around her, he started to feel as nervous as he did around Aeka and I.  I knew that he was glancing at
her out of the corner of his eye.  I could see all this, and God did it hurt.  

The final blow came on the shrine steps.  I knew they were together and that Tenchi was in some kind of
danger, but I never imagined…

I flew there as fast as I could, and when I got there I saw them.  They were kissing.  They were holding each
other in a passionate embrace.  This little tramp had managed to do in 24 hours what I had been longing to
do for years!  In just one day, she had managed to do what I dreamed of for countless nights, what I yearned
for since I first set foot on this backwater planet.  She had gained his trust, his love.

Later on we learned that they were under Yuzuha’s dark trance, but that still didn’t ease the pain any.  I
know that neither one of them would have done what they did if they hadn’t been brainwashed, but it still
doesn’t make me feel any better.  

When I took Mayuka for a joy ride, I only had one thing on my mind; death.  I wanted to see her fall.  I
wanted to see her broken body splattered on the rocks below us.  I didn’t care what she had to say about
what had happened.  I had eyes, I saw them together.  And at that moment, all I could see was red.

It would have been so easy to just float there and watch her die, but I couldn’t.  There was something about
her, something…special.  As much as I hated to admit it, she was probably one of the happiest people I had
ever met.  Her eyes, those two big purple orbs that I just wanted to smash… they were so bright and full of
life.  As I watched her fall, I realized that Tenchi would never forgive me if I let her die, and more
importantly, I knew I’d never forgive myself.

Well, Mayuka’s not a threat anymore.  She’s gone from being Tenchi’s child to the family’s child.  We all
take turns looking after her and doing her chores.  You know, poopy diapers and all that crap (no pun
intended).  When I look into her eyes, when she’s laughing or cooing or even crying for her bottle, I still see
that shine, that sparkle that she had when she was an adult.  When she giggles, I know that it’s the same joy
and cheer that she had when she was older.  

Last night it was my turn to watch over her.  I had to practically fight Washu for the job.  She’s grown
seriously attached to the little squirt.  Anyway’s, I woke up about midnight or so and found myself just
floating over her crib.  I, who had wanted this child dead on so many occasions, now found myself tucking
her in.  I, who had tried to drop her from two miles up now, found myself stroking her gentle head and
singing a soft lullaby.  After about ten minutes I looked up and saw Washu watching from her doorway.  She
just smiled at me and walked away.  God, sometimes I hate the fact that she’s linked to me.  I just hate it
when someone catches me doing something mushy like that.  

She was the worst thing that ever crossed my path.  She nearly drove Tenchi away from me and nearly got
us all killed several times.  She brought everything that I thought I had gotten past boiling right up to the
surface.  Looking at her now though, I know that there’s no way in hell I’d ever do anything to hurt this
child.  She’s one of the most special people in my life and I vow on my love for Tenchi that I will do
everything in my power to ensure that she gets the most out of life.  

I vowed to be her personal trainer, but now I see that it’s she who’s the teacher and that I’m the student. 
I’ve learned so much about love and life from her that I shudder when I think of when we first met.  I know
now that she’s given me something that I never thought I would ever know, unconditional love.  

Thanks Mayuka.


Notes:

Munatso No Eve is by far one of the best movies I’ve ever seen.  I had to do a profile on Mayuka for several
reasons, the first of which being that I couldn’t ignore this incredible new character in the Tenchi family. 
Secondly, I wanted to be one of the first out of the gate with a TMME based fanfic.  BWAHAHA!!!

~Ahem~

Hey, could I get a little feedback on these?  I’ve heard from folks on everything I’ve done except for these
darn profiles!  Ahh well…

BTW:  For these that don’t know, Tenchi Muyo Munatso no Eve or TMME as I referred to it, is sold in the
States as Tenchi The Movie 2: The Daughter of Darkness.

Tenchi & Co. belong to AiC and Pioneer.

All C&C Goes to BGlanders
