Ryoko's Profiles:  Mihoshi & Kyonie

*****

	The first time I met her, I knew that it was also the first time Aeka and I
were in agreement.

The bitch must die.

	We each had our reasons.  Aeka wanted her dead because she was going to take
her away from this place and the people she had grown to know and love.  I
wanted her dead because she was a GP officer.  Both of us, however, had the
same thought in mind.

Tenchi.

	Here was this cute little ditz that just decided to fall out of the sky one
day and right into Tenchi's arms.  She was young, blonde and beautiful.  She
was competition that I didn't need.

	I often find myself feeling a pang of guilt (a small one, mind you) every
time I pull a prank on her.  For instance, the time I called her up and
pretended to be her commanding officer.  Not THAT was fun!  Little bitch had a
scare coming to her, she's just lucky that it came in the form of a prank call
and not a sword.

	Yeah, we hated her.  I hated her especially.  Even though I never admitted
it, I could never see past her GP uniform.  Every time I saw her, the images
of a hundred colleagues and friends that had been slain by the Galaxy Police
flashed through my mind.  Five thousand years of running and hiding, only now
to be living with the Commissioner's daughter of all people!  The irony of all
this wasn't lost on me let me tell you.

	I made a list of rules after awhile, some things that I had thought necessary
to live by.  The list went something like this.

Never trust another female with Tenchi
Never trust a GP officer
Never trust Yosho
Never trust Washu
Never stop trying

	Nowadays	I've revised my list a bit, and only two of these are still there
(take a wild guess which ones).  I look back and realize that my life was so
full of hate and mistrust that I never let my true feelings come through even
once.  I never knew commitment, never knew the meaning of the word trust..

Trust.

	About three days ago, Mayuka was up crying again and it was my turn to look
after her.  When I got to the crib, I found Mihoshi already there caring for
her.  I stopped in mid-phase through the floor and listened in.  She cooed and
giggled with the baby until they both fell asleep.  I guess it's easy to care
for a baby when you're on the same mental level that they are.  I carried the
ditz upstairs to her room and did my damndest not to wake the others up, but
when I looked over Kyonie was staring wide-eyed at me.  She just looked at
Mihoshi, sighed, and tucked her in.  Then she mouthed a thank you to me and
went back to sleep.

	Mihoshi and Kyonie were only children.  Kyonie grew up always trying to
please her parents while Mihoshi was always being pleased.  While Kyonie would
sit at home and study for long hours into the night, Mihoshi would be out
getting drunk or laid or most likely both.  It's amazing that they both
graduated together, but even more that they're partners.

	From what I've heard from Kyonie, Mihoshi had never kept a partner for more
than three weeks before she came along.  I checked the GP records with ~ahem~
Washus help and found a long list of detectives' first class that had been put
in the nut house by our favorite little blonde.  Kinda spooky that Kyonie can
stay with her for as long as she has, but hey, when you're that tight with
someone, nothing can break you up.

	When Kyonie first came here, she made a big show of not wanting to have
anything to do with Mihoshi, but she couldn't fool me.  I knew that deep down
she cared for Mihoshi more than all of us combined.  She always complains, yet
she always helps Mihoshi out of countless jams when it would be far easier
just to turn away.  I think Kyonie sees Mihoshi as a little sister that she
has to care for.  In fact, I think Kyonie likes the idea of always having to
look after her and clean up her messes.  Maybe it's because Kyonie never had a
sister, or maybe it's something more…

	When Mayuka was here as an adult, the only one who spent more time with her
than Sasami was Kyonie.  Every time Kyonie looked at Mayuka she got this weird
motherly gleam in her eye.  In fact, since that little bundle of misery became
a part of the family, its almost been a constant battle between Kyonie and
Washu as to who gets to look after the little tyke.

	Kyonie tries to act all big and bad at times, but I know she has a fun side
to her.  Whenever Mihoshi can convince her, they take off for the nearest
Karioke bar and just sing the night away.  Also, short of Aeka I've never seen
anyone knock back that much booze in my life.  We were up till two one night
at the local tavern ripping on earthen customs and wasting a months salary.
In the end they had to throw us out on the street when we threatened to blow
their bar up if they didn't serve us.  We stumbled and swayed all the way
home, laughing and carrying on.  If you ask her about it, she'll flatly deny
that she EVER got tanked with the most notorious space pirate in history, but
every once in awhile we go up on the roof, knock a few back and remember the
good old days.

	I guess the only thing that still gets to me is their looks.  They're both
knockouts for GP officers.  Even though I know that Tenchi would never hook up
with Mihoshi due to her mental alertness and that Kyonie is a bit too old for
him, they still worry me.  Kyonie especially.  The reason?  Out of all of us,
I think she's the only one that doesn't seem to be in the 'let's get Tenchi in
the sack' club.  She claims that she's too old and thinks of him only as a
friend and because of that those two are far closer than I would prefer.  Out
of all of us (save Sasami) she's the one that Tenchi feels the most
comfortable with.  And that simple fact scares me more than anything Aeka
could ever do.

*****

I started this one at school, and now, I have finished.  Yay.  Out of all the
TM characters, the one I hate writing about is Mihoshi.  I don't know why, I
just do.  Hence the reason I never use her.  Anyway I got bored so here ya go.

BTW:  A quick apology for RP: Mayuka.  It was a rushed, shoddy, un-thought out
piece that I really don't feel comfortable with.  I just didn't feel like
sitting around till the next posting, so I rushed it after only watching TMME
twice.  Gomen.

Tenchi & Co. belong to AiC and Pioneer.

All C@C should go to BGlanders@aol.com