Tenchi Muyo
Long Hard Road Out Of Hell Part 2

Kagato walked the long hallway of his new ship soja2 thinking to himself
about how to resolve this situation quickly. He knew that Washu and the
others would never surrender the Master key or Tsunami easily. There
probably
thinking of a way to storm the ship right now.

Kagato smiled and said out loud, "Let them come."

Kagato reached the door to the bridge and entered. Ahead of him was a
massive
control room even grater then the original soja. Looking up the stairs to
the
command deck he noticed a short man standing at the controls with his back
to
him. Kagato groaned and said under his breath, "Of all people to be teamed
up
with."

As Kagato reached the top of the stairs he looked around still impressed
with
this new ship of his. His moment of pride was shattered by the annoying
voice
of his companion.

"Its about time you got back."

Kagato turned to face the man who spoke.

The man turned around reviling rather unpleasant features. He was short only
about 4 and ½  feet tall he had an ugly little face with a long gray curled
beard.

Kagato looked at the man In annoyance than sat down at his command chair in
the center of the bridge.

"Really Dr" said Kagato "you must learn some patience." "We have nothing to
worrie about." Kagato smiled, "With the boy imprisoned here his friends will
be lost and confused." "It will only be a mater of time before they
surrender
the key and Tsunami is such a Nobel creature that soon she will surrender
herself."

Kagato turned in his chair to face the crystal floating in the corner of the
bridge. Inside stood Tenchi frozen in time.

"But" Kagato said "if you would like to make things more interesting I'm
open
to ideas." Kagato turned to face the short man. "What do you think……..Dr
Clay"?

Clay smiled evilly, "I think I can make things very interesting." "Very
interesting indeed."

Back on Earth in the Masaki house the tension was thick enough to cut with a
knife. Ayeka and Mihoshi were sitting on the couch, Sasami sat on a chair
next to them, Kyionie was leaning on the back wall with her arms folded, and
Washu was pacing the living room. Ryoko was standing in the corner of the
room near the door starring of into space. For several minutes no one said a
word. Finally Kyionie piped up "Well Washu any ideas or are you going to
pace
the room all night."

Washu looked up at Kyionie with a blank look and said "if it will help me
come up with a plan then yes" With that she went back to pacing.

Kyionie turned to Ryoko who was still staring out the window "Ryoko are you
ok"?

Slowly Ryoko turned to face them. Her face was neutral but it wasn't hard to
see she was fighting back tears. "Im not sure Kyionie" she said.

Hearing the phone ring Sasami left the room to answer it. Ryoko watched her
leave then turned to see Washu looking at her. "You still haven't answered
me
Washu" said Ryoko, "Why didn't you tell me?"

Washu looked at her daughter still uncertain what to say. "I made a mistake
Ryoko and I have to live with it."  "NO!" Ryoko shouted "I have to live with
it." "I have to live knowing that bastard if my father." The tears were
flowing freely from Ryokos eyes as she glared at Washu angrily.

Washu look at Ryoko sadly and said "Yes you'll have to learn to deal with
that but while your dealing with it remember that he created you to be a
weapon." "So what" said Ryoko.

Washu turned and headed for her lab. "I created you to be my daughter said
Washu."

Washu closed the door behind her and was gone. Ryoko couldn't handle what
she
was feeling. She was torn between wanting to hug her mother and strangle
her.

As Washu left Sasami walked back into the room with a look of panic. "GUY'S"
she said "We got a problem."  Swallowing hard she said "Myukas coming home."

"WHAT!!!!!" Everyone said at once.

"Oh that's just great" said Ryoko "What the hell are we going to tell her"

Ayeka looked up and said "The truth." "We have no right to keep this from
her" Ayeka looked at Ryoko who reluctantly nodded in agreement.

Mihoshi piped up all of a sudden. " Um" she said "Tenchi was kidnapped
right?"

Ayeka stood up angrily and said "yes he was kidnapped you twit"

Mihoshi was looking over the back of the couch. "Then who's that" she said.

Everyone looked out the slider window to see Tenchi almost out of breath
standing at the door. Ryoko quickly opened the door and grabbed him holding
him so tight she almost crushed him. Ryoko helped him into the house and set
him down on the couch. Tenchi was a mess his close were torn and his face
was
scratched and bruised. Ryoko kneeled on the floor next to him fighting back
an oceans worth of tears.

"Are you all right" was all she managed to say. Tenchi looked at her and
smiled wiping the tears from her face "I'm all right Ryoko don't worry."

Tenchi sat up and looked around "where's the key?" "Kagato didn't get it did
he."

Ayeka smiled at him and said "no lord Tenchi Iv kept it safe for you." Ayeka
pulled the master key from her pocket and walked over to Tenchi.

The door to the broom closet opened and Washu calmly walked out. Her face
was
red she had obviously ben crying. "Ryoko I ……….." She stopped in mid
sentence as she saw Ayeka hand the key to Tenchi.

"Ayeka stop!!!!" but she was to late Tenchi looked at Washu with an evil
grin. Tenchi stood up and with a small shove sent Ayeka sliding across the
floor. The others looked at Tenchi in disbelief as all his injury's heeled
themselves. "What the hell are you doing Tenchi!" said Ryoko.

Tenchi looked down at Ryoko and put his hand on her cheek. He leaned down
and
whispered in her ear "don't call me that."

Ryoko had just enough time for her eyes to widen before she was sent flying
across the room and landed next to Ayeka.

"You are all more foolish than I thought" he said "but that's to be expected
from such simple creatures."

Washu glared at him angrily and said "what are you."

Tenchi look at her and smiled "allow me to introduce my self I am called
Zero-2." "I am the more advanced model designed to replace that
insubordinate
contraption that your daughter fused with."

0-2 turned to face Ryoko and Ayeka "and thank you Ayeka for making my job so
easy."

Ayeka stood up and shouted "what have you done with lord Tenchi"

0-2 smiled "I have done nothing with the boy but my masters will do what
ever
they choose," 0-2 looked over at Sasami "your time is running out Tsunami if
you would just give your self up it would be so much easier."

Sasami backed away in terror. 0-2 grinned "it makes no difference you'll be
joining us soon weather you like it or not and I'm sure the doctor would be
happy to get reacquainted with you Washu."

Washu started to speak but before she could say anything 0-2 vanished.

Gritting her teeth Washu said "Ryoko get Ryo-oki ready to go." Washu walked
to the door and looked up to the sky "were going to end this once and for
all."

Back on the Soja2 0-2 kneeled before Kagato and Dr Clay "I have the item you
requested master."

Clay smiled proudly "well done 0-2 you are a definite improvement over
Zero."
0-2 smiled "thank you master I live only to serve"

Kagato rolled his eyes and sat down in his chair. "Well, Clay your little
toy
hear is certainly……."  "Obedient" interrupted Clay.

Kagato smiled "mindless."

Dr Clay gritted his teeth and shot Kagato a nasty look. "I suppose its
natural for you to be jealous of me." "After all if it wasn't for me you
would still be a mass of energy floating in Earths orbit."

Kagato rose from his chair and formed his energy blade. " Keep talking
doctor
and ill show you how I mass my energy."

"ENOUGH!!!!!!"

The voice boomed and shook the bridge of the ship. "I have no time for your
petty squabbling."

A giant floating head appeared on the bridge and stared at Kagato and Clay.
Kagato deenergized his sword and smiled "well well D3 has decided to grace
us
with his presents no doubt bringing more demands from Lady Tokimi."

"I knew it was a mistake to let you two handle this" said D3.

"No my lord" said Clay "we have the key"

"And Tsunami?" said D3

"Its only a mater of time I promise we will get her" said Clay

"Lady Tokimi is tired of waiting Doctor" said D3 "normally she would have
let
you rot in the galaxy police prison but you have ben given a second chance."
"I realize this is no easy task so I have brought you some help."

A strange mass of dark mater formed next to D3. The mass produced a strange
mask like face with two normal eyes and one on the fore head. "allow me to
introduce KAIN"

Kagato looked thoughtfully at the creature "I thought KAIN was dead."

"Indeed he was Kagato however I pulled him out of the past before he got to
earth" said D3.

"Now you have work to do the Masaki boys friends will be here soon so be
ready to welcome them" said D3 "And KAIN you know what to do."

KAIN looked at D3 and said "yesss but don't ffforget are deal Deeeeee3 I get
you Tsssssunami and Wassshu and you get meeeee my revenge on the juri royal
family.

"Just as we agreed KAIN" said D3 as he faded away.

"Well," said Kagato "we have much to do." "If D3 was right we will have
company very soon."

TO BE CONCLUDED

Authors notes: Its as original as I can make it but as I said its my first
story so please bear with me. Constructive criticism and feed back welcome
as are ideas on the final chapter and future stories.
