Long Hard Road Out Of Hell Part 1


Tenchi and company are all property of pioneer. I aint making no money of
this so don't sue me.

Prolog: This story takes place 1 year after Daughter Of  Darkness.

It was a normal day at the Masaki house. As normal as it could possibly be
with 5 highly attractive girls from space living there. Tenchi pondered this
and many other things as he swept the top steps of the Masaki shrine. Myuka
was off on a school trip for the week but she was supposed to call from the
hotel either today or tomorrow. Tenchi hoped everything was all right.
Tenchi
smiled at the way he was acting Myuka was only a clone made from his DNA and
Yazuhas. She was sent to destroy Tenchi and Yosho and here he was acting
like
a worried parent.

Tenchis thoughts were interrupted buy a familiar voice calling him. He
looked
down the steps to see Sasami running toward him with Ryo-oki trotting
behind.

Hi Tenchi she said in her usual sweet voice.

Tenchi smiled and said, Hay Sasami what's up?

Catching her breath she said, Do you think you can get Grandfather to come
down for dinner? I'm trying a new recipe.

Of coarse ill be there.

Sasami nearly jumped out of her skin and Ryo-oki shot strait up into a near
buy tree. Sasami turned around to see Yosho her half brother but known here
as Grandfather coming up the steps.

Tenchi chuckled, Grandpa its no good giving Sasami a heart attack. If she
drops dead than who would cook around here?

Sasami giggled and said, Well there's always Ryoko or Ayeka.

Yosho cringed at the thought and said, Then we can all die together.

Tenchi and Sasami laughed at the though.

Sasami turned and headed down the stares, Ok she said it'll be ready soon so
hurry.

Tench smiled as he watched her go. Sudenly Ryo-oki plopped down out of the
tree and ran after her. Tenchi turned to his Grandfather who was now
starring
up at the sky with a look of horror on his face. In all the years Tenchi
could remember he had never seen that look on the usually calm and cool
worrier. Tenchi turned to the sky to see strange lights like those seen in
the aurora borealis streaked the sky. After a minute or two Yoshos
expression
calmed but he still stared at the sky.

Is everything all right grandpa, said Tenchi as he turned to face him.

I..Im not sure.. but its nothing for you to worry about now, said
Yosho.
Under his breath he said, I hope.

Yosho turned from Tenchi and said, You'd better get going. Don't keep Sasami
waiting.

Tenchi look at his Grandfather one last time then turned and headed down the
steps toward the house.
As Tenchi walked down the stairs of the shrine he couldn't get over the look
on his Grandfathers face. It had ben a look of pure horror unlike any Tenchi
had ever seen. Tenchi knew his Grandfather pretty well and he was not the
type to panic.  Tenchis thoughts were suddenly disrupted buy a crash from
the
house. Tenchi snapped bake to reality and ran to the door. He knew what to
expect before he even opened the door and sure enough there was Ryoko and
Ayeka screaming at the top of there lungs. Tenchi tried to stop them but it
was no use. He stared at them helplessly and watched them fight over God
knows what. Sasami started walking into the room with her latest creation
and
that's when it happened. Ryoko launched an energy attack at Ayeka who in
turn
did the same. The two energy bolts collided and sent a shock wave in all
directions. The shock wave hit Sasami head on and sent here and her newest
masterpiece crashing to the ground. The shockwave also hit a nearby shelf.
Tenchi watched in horror as a picture of his mother hit the floor and
shattered. Tenchi looked down at the broken picture and then at Sasami and
that's when it happened.  Maybe it was the photo or the hurt look on Sasamis
face but for whatever reason....he lost it.

As Tenchi turned to face the still fighting girls his anger and frustration
formed an energy field around him. Neither Ayeka nor Ryoko even noticed as
Tenchi raised his hand in there direction. Washu who had picked up the power
surge came up from her lab. She stood there at the closet door completely
shocked at the scene before her. Tenchi looked at the girls who were still
unaware of what was happening. He hesitated for a moment remembering the
last
time he got this angry. It was when Myuka first arrived. In a desperate
attempt to stop Myuka and Ryoko from fighting he had hit Ryoko. Tenchi
dwelled on the memory for a moment but that was a last resort. This was him
getting tired of other people suffering because of there selfish pride.
Ayeka
and Ryoko finally noticed the light coming from Tenchi but it was to late.
They turned only to see a blue wave of energy overtake them.

Ayeka was the first to awaken. Her kimono was singed her hair was a mess and
she was more then a little confused. She looked over and saw Ryoko in the
other corner of the room and she was in no better condition. They had ben
thrown about 9 or 10 feet from there starting point. They both looked at
Tenchi who still had an energy field around him but it was slowly fading.
They both stared at him in shock.

This has gone on long enough Tenchi said. Neither of you have any
consideration for anyone around you. All day long fighting over who will win
my heart.

Tenchi glared at them angrily and said, If this is your way of showing you
care then the two of you might as well give it up now. I'd sooner marry
Ryo-oki the listen to you to argue the rest of my life.

With that Tenchi stormed out the door leaving everyone in total shock.

Tenchi sat down buy the lake not knowing weather to laugh out loud or cry.
He
had really thrown down the gauntlet this time and hurt the feelings of two
people that he cared about more then he could say. What bothered him was he
realized long ago that he loved them both but he could not risk hurting one
for the other. Damn this kind hart of his. Ryo-oki hopped up next to him and
pawed at his arm. Tenchi looked down and smiled.

What's up little buddy Tenchi said I'm on the you know what list aren't I.

Ryo-oki meowed and jumped up into his lap.

She wants to know if you were serious.

Tenchi turned around to see Washu walking toward him. Washu sat down next to
Tenchi with a worried look on her face.

She wants to know if you'd really marry her, Washu said with a half grin.

Tenchi smiled and looked down at Ryo-oki. Don't you start. Iv got my hands
full as it is, Tenchi rubbed Ryo-okis belly and the cabbit purred happily.
See he said with a laugh you're easy to please all I have to do is pet you
or
give you a carrot.

Ryo-oki meowed happily.

Tenchi said Washu, Are you all right.

Tenchi sighed, I would not have hurt them you know.

Washu grinned, I know Tenchi that why I didn't interfere. I know how you
feel
about them and why you can't choose.

Tenchi looked at her curiously, How do you.....

Washu smiled, Come on Tenchi its not hard to figure out. Even Mihoshis not
that dens. You glow every time you're around them.

Tenchi looked at her and said, I just don't want to hurt them or any of you.

Washu looked at him for a moment then laughed out loud. Tenchi she said your
kidding look at me I'm over 25,000 years old sorry sweetie but you a little
young for me. I may pick on you and act jealous but that's just cause I like
seeing you turn red. Sasami sees you as a big brother not a husband, Mihoshi
just sees you as a special friend, and Kiyones is to into her job to even
think about a boy friend.  No when all's said and done Ryoko and Ayeka are
the only ones really competing over you.

Washu grinned evilly, But if you want to choose me Tenchi I wont stop you.

Tenchi sweat dropped and smiled uneasily.

Tenchi slowly got up and said, I guess the only mature thing to do would be
to go talk to them. At least it think it is.

Tenchi sighed, If only Mom was here. She always had the answers.

Washu gave him a half smile and said I know your Mom would have ben proud of
you.

Tenchi smiled and turned toward the house but before he could reach the door
a chill wind hit him. Washu felt it to and jumped up with a look of terror
on
her face. As Tenchi turned to her he saw the same look on her that he saw on
his grandfather. Suddenly they herd a strange laughter that seemed to come
from everywhere.

I couldn't help overhearing and I must say I'm touched..really.

The voice came from nowhere and everywhere. Suddenly a shadowy figure
appeared on the rock near the lake.

No Washu said it can't be.

The figure was the shadow of a tall man with a long robe.

Tenchi stared the shadow and yelled, WHO ARE YOU!!

The laughter echoed all around again.

Forgotten me so soon boy I'm crushed but rest assured I've not forgotten
you.

The shadows eyes began to glow and the darkness receded...

KAGATO!!!!!

Washu and Tenchi said it at the same time.

 The evil creature stood there large as life and with a piercing grin on his
face.

Tenchi reached down for the master key but it wasn't there. Then he
remembered it was up in his closet. He hadn't needed it lately not since
Myuka arrived and he defeated Yazuha.

Hearing all the commotion the girls rushed out side and stood in horror.

Well, said Kagato I see the gang all here wonderful.

Tenchi turned to face the girls as they ran out witch proved to be a
mistake.
Kagato took the opportunity and blasted Tenchi with energy that encased him
in a suspended animation crystal witch floated up next to Kagato. Ryoko drew
her laser sword and charged. Kagato grinned and flung he away with a mere
flic of power.

As amusing as you are Ryoko said Kagato I suggest you not try that again or
I
might have to vaporize your love here.

Ryoko stood with tears in her eyes and Said, Its me you want Kagato so take
me. Destroy me if you want but leave Tenchi alone.

Kagato smiled, My dear sweet Ryoko what kind of a monster do you think I am.
I would destroy for power or to eliminate my enemies but I would never
kill..my daughter.

The words shot through Ryoko like a spear as she turned to face her mother.
Washu hung her head in shame.

You mean you never told her Washu said Kagato? I can't say I'm surprised you
always were one to tell half the truth.

Washu reared her head up in anger, What would you have me tell her Kagato
that she the daughter of the man who used her to kill and the left her
imprisoned for 700 years?

Ryoko stood in shock unable to move, think, or beleive anything.

Kagato smiled, well it dose not matter I'm not here for my daughter I'm here
for the master key. Kagato turned toward the rest of the girls, And you
Sasami.

Sasamis eyes widened and she backed away with a horrified look.

You have 48 hours to surrender the master key along with either Sasami or
Tsunami. Or I will destroy you all and then I will destroy both this
miserable planet and Jurai.

With that Kagato and the imprisoned Tenchi faded away.

All the girls stood in shock. Ayeka was trying to calm Sasami who was crying
her eyes out. Ayeka was having trouble keeping calm her self. Ryoko
collapsed
to her knees still staring at the spot were Tenchi had ben. Finally she
turned to Washu with tears in her eyes and said, Why didn't you tell
me.....

Authors note
This is my first one so bear with me. Ill be righting part 2 soon.
