Pioneer owns all the characters not me. I ain't making no money of this 
so don't sue me.

Tenchi Muyo
Long Hard Road Out Of Hell Part 3

There is no grater prison then that of the mind. Tenchi was beginning 
to realize this painful reality. Even though his body was suspended in 
a crystal prison his mind was alert and very much aware of the events 
that had occurred. Tenchi hadn't exactly seen everything that had 
happened as much as he had felt it. He knew about the link between 
Washu, Ryoko, and Ryo-oki and he couldn't help but wonder if such a 
link was forming between the girls and him. In Tenchis mind he saw 
Ryoko. She look so worried and sad and Tenchi was Finally seeing what a 
beautiful woman she really was. She might act tuff on the outside but 
inside was a heart of gold. As Tenchi focused on her face the look of 
sadness she wore cut deep into his more he expected and almost more 
than he could bare. In his mind he reached out to Ryoko but thanks to 
Kagato he could not reach her. She was millions of miles away but yet 
he could see her face perfectly. Tenchi suppressed his sorrow and his 
anger at not being able to hold her. He reached out to Ryoko again and 
silently whispered...I love you.

Back on earth Ryoko turned around with a start. She was sure she felt 
someone touch her shoulder but there was no one there. Ryoko shrugged 
off the feeling "Must be stress" she said to herself. Ryoko turned her 
attention back to the matter at hand. Washu was up grading Ryo-okis 
weapons and tactical systems, Ayeka and Sasami were filing Myuka in on 
what had happened and she was taking it very well. Ryoko watched 
painfully as Myuka fought against the tears that were welling up in her 
eyes. Washu said that physically she would return to teenage form 
quickly and she had at that but she still had some aspects of a child. 
It had ben a year since Washu had re cloned her and she was turning out 
very nicely. She still saw Tenchi as her Father and still looked to him 
for support but slowly she was becoming more and more independent. 
Ryokos thoughts were interrupted by a tap on the shoulder. She turned 
around to see Myuka staring back at her. Ryoko looked down at Myuka who 
was still fighting back a flood of tears. 

Trying her best to be strong Ryoko said "come on kid don't start or 
your going to get me going again" Ryoko did her best to smiled and said 
"Iv done enough crying today."

Myuka did her best to calm herself and said "were going to get him back 
right."

Before Ryoko could say anything Washu popped in "Ryo-okis ready to go 
and she's armed to the teeth." 

Sasami looked at Washu with concern and said "what did you do to her"

Washu smiled at Sasami and said "don't worry she's fine but now she's 
more that ready to take on Kagato."

Kiyonie entered the room with a hand full of papers and said "you were 
right Washu Dr Clay did escape from GP prison."

Ryoko looked at Washu "so that's who sent 0-2."

Washu nodded and said "exactly Ryoko and that means that Lady Tokimi is 
involved somehow" " and it also means that we've only seen the tip of 
the iceberg."

Myuka jumped up and Shouted "I don't care who did this they've got my 
daddy and I'm going to get him back." 

Washu grabbed Myuka by the pig tail as she ran for the ship and said 
"hold on there kid this to dangerous for you" "the last thing we need 
is Clay and Kagato getting both of you."

Myuka turned around angrily and faced Washu but be for she could say 
anything a massive BOOM shook the house.

"What the hell was that" said Ryoko but when she looked out the back 
window she felt a pain in her chest like someone had ripped out her 
heart. Looking out at a black cloud of smoke coming from the back yard 
the truth was more than she could handle.

"RYO-OKI NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!"

On the Soja2 Tenchi winced in pain as he felt Ryo-oki die.
 
Sasami fell to her knees as she stared at the once powerful star ship 
reduced to a pile of smoking rubble.

For several minutes everyone just stared and the burning heap that was 
once Ryo-oki.  

Ryoko was in complete shock she couldn't move or think and she was 
forgetting to breath as well. 

As the fire died down Sasami walked over to the shattered crystalline 
form of Ryo-okis wing. She wanted to scream but she was in total shock. 
Had she look around shed of noticed a black form rising from the smoke 
Fortunately Ryoko saw it and leapt between it and Sasami screaming 
"look out."

The Black mass took shape and a face like a clay mask emerged from the 
darkness. Ryokos Eyes went wide in horror. "Kain" the word caught in 
her throat as she stared at the creature that Tenchis mother had 
destroyed years ago. 

Everyone stood battle ready Ayeka had activated her juri battle gear 
Kiyone and Mihoshi had there blasters trained on Kain and Washu was 
trying to get Sasami and Myuka out of the way.

Kyonie looked at her partner and Said "FIRE!"

Plasma bolts ripped into the blackness of Kains body and disappeared. 
Kiyone started moving in still fireing her weapon. Mihoshi started to 
follow when she noticed a figure standing less then a meter away from 
Kiyone. At first site she thought it was Tenchi but then she saw the 
evil look in his eyes. "Look out!" she shouted but it was to late and 
Kyonie was hit buy a massive blast of energy that sent sliding back to 
were Mihoshi was standing. Mihoshi looked down at her unconscious 
friend and trembled in fear.

"Kyonie" she whimpered "Kiyone get up." 

Washu ran over and touched Kiyones neck. Not wanting to Believe her 
findings Washu held up Kiyones wrist.

Mihoshi watched as Washu laid Kiyones arm across her chest and hung her 
head.

A chill shot through Mihoshis body as she backed away shaking her head. 
"No" she said half in tears "Not Kiyone"

She continued to back away from Kiyone and Washu until she bumped into 
something or someone. Mihoshi was brought back to reality buy someone 
whispering in her ear.   

"Amazing isn't it how humans die so easily" 0-2 leaned closer to her 
ear and said "don't tell me that your sad Mihoshi" "you actually liked 
being called names all the time" 0-2 turned Mihoshi around to face him. 
"Well" he said with a sadistic grin "do you like being called idiot, 
moron, nitwit, BUBBLE HEAD!"

Mihoshi hung her head and fought against the tears running down her 
face. 

"Or is there another reason why you put up with it my dear" said 0-2 
"perhaps you saw her as a little more than a friend?" Mihoshi clenched 
her teeth and her fists tight witch made 0-2s smile wider. "Well it 
seems I struck a nerve" He laughed. Looking right into her eyes he said 
"tell me Mihoshi was it your partner I killed, or maybe your friend, or 
perhaps your love?"

A crashing sound drew Washus attention. Washu turned around to see 0-2 
with Mihoshis hand punched through his chest.

0-2 looked down as Mihoshi pulled her arm out of the hole in his 
chassy. Mihoshi leaned close to 0-2 ear and said "pick one."

Washu watched as 0-2 went down in a shower of sparks. Mihoshi stood for 
a moment longer but finely dropped to her knees buried her hands in her 
face and cried.

In Tenchis mind his sorrow and anger were becoming un containable. He 
struggled to hold on to his sanity but his hatred was overpowering. 
Tenchi was also aware that time was damaged. As if split between two 
possibility's. He also had memories that didn't seem real and in his 
new memories he remembered that his grandfather was dead. The thought 
sent a surge of energy through his mind and added to his anger. He new 
his control was slipping.

On earth Ryoko was using every trick she knew to avoid Kains attacks. 
Kain held nothing back as he launched blast after blast at Ryoko.

Though Ryoko had managed to dodge most of the attacks she knew she 
couldn't hold out forever. Her return blasts were not stopping him and 
she was running out of ideas.

"You are but an insect waiting to be squashed" said Kain as he launched 
another barrage at Ryoko. 

A stray blast knocked Ryoko to the ground. Looking up Ryoko saw Kain 
loom over her moving in for the kill. Kain was prepared to launch a 
full attack at Ryoko when a number of tiny logs got in his way. Turning 
around he saw Ayeka with a look of utter rage on her face. "That enough 
you bastard" said Ayeka as she sent a few thousand megawatts of power 
into the creature. Kain thrashed in pain as the juri power surged 
through his body. Ryoko was a little shocked at Ayekas language but she 
had created a distraction so who cares? Ryoko took the opportunity and 
lunged at Kain with her sword. The sword pierced through the blackness 
drawing a good amount of his purple blood. Kain shrieked in pain and 
turned to attack Ryoko who had jumped back a hundred feet or so. Ryoko 
readied herself for another attack.

"Out of the way princess" said Ryoko "I'm coming through." 

With that she ran full speed at Kain with her sword ready to cut him 
down.

Ayeka got clear of Ryokos landing zone and ducked behind a near by 
rock.

Ryoko slammed full speed into Kain slashing her sword in a perfect 
forward arch and landing a few feet in front of Ayeka. Time seemed to 
stop as Ryoko sat there on one knee breathing heavily. Ayeka stared 
waiting to see Kain drop but instead she saw Ryokos face turn pale. 
Looking down she saw a growing red stain on Ryokos white shirt. Kain 
turned around laughing as Ryoko collapsed. 

On the Soja2 Dr Clay looked at the monitor happily as he saw Ryoko go 
down. "Well Kagato its seems this may not take as long as we thought." 
Kagato said nothing as he turned from the monitor to face the crystal 
in the corner.

Tenchis sanity had gone strait out the window. His anger had built to 
the breaking point and he couldn't take any more.

The crystal prison shattered sending shards everywhere. Kagato shielded 
himself from the shrapnel. Looking up he saw that the crystal was gone 
and so was the boy.

Ayeka came out from behind the rock and started moving toward Ryoko. 
She could see that she was still breathing but her breath was becoming 
shallow. Before she could reach Ryoko a flash of light came between 
them. When it cleared there was someone between her and Ryoko. 

"TENCHI" shouted Ayeka and it was true there was no mistaking the Light 
Hawk armor he wore it was really him.

Tenchi kneeled beside Ryoko with a look of panic "come on Ryoko you 
can't give up" 

Ryoko looked into the face of the man she loved and said with a week 
smile "its about rime you showed up."
 
Tenchi looked at Ryoko and did his best to smile and said "you can't 
leave Ryoko" "I wont let you go"

Ryoko smiled and looked up at Ayeka "he's all yours now Ayeka take care 
of him"

Ayeka looked down at her friend with tears filling her eyes and said 
"he was never mine Ryoko I only deluded myself into believing he was" 

Ryoko blew her off and said "who are you kidding you wanted him as much 
as I did"

Ayeka now practicaly crying said with a half smile "is it so important 
you win one last agument with me"

Ryoko smiled at her then turned to Tenchi. Raising her hand to his face 
she said "finish it Tenchi don't let the carnival end hear." Ryokos 
hand fell to her side as her last few drops of life faded. 

Tenchi laid her head on the grass and looked at her "I Love you" he 
said. He would have stared at her forever but he suddenly heard a 
familiar voice closing in. 

"How touching" Said Kain "But don't worry boy you'll be joining her 
soon"

Tenchi raised his head with a look of complete rage. As he rose to face 
Kain a blue power field like the one he used on Ayeka and Ryoko the 
night before formed around him but this field looked like blue fire 
that grew more and more intense as he moved toward Kain.

Kain loomed over Tenchi ready to strike. 

Tenchi looked at Kain and raised his hand palm extended toward the 
monster. "This has gone far enough you son of a b**ch" "first Ryo-oki, 
then Kiyone, now Ryoko." All the surrounding energy focused in Tenchis 
palm creating a single small orb of blue energy. 

Kain reared up to destroy Tenchi but as he fired his blast so did 
Tenchi. All Kains red energy was enveloped buy the blue wave coming at 
him. Before he could react the wave over took him. The sky lit up with 
blue lightning that could be seen all the way to Tokyo. Then all was 
silent.

Tenchi stood with his hand still out breathing heavily as pieces of 
Kain fell like black snow all over the house and shrine. 

Tenchi looked up at the sky to see the strange lights he had seen the 
night before streaking the sky. Ignoring the lights for the moment 
Tenchi searched the sky looking for the Soja2. He had just enough 
energy left to blast it out of the sky.

"Don't bother boy" 

Tenchi turned to face Kagato sitting on a near buy rock. He Turned to 
Tenchi and said "you won find the ship." "Now that Kains destroyed 
everything falling back into place" Kageto smiled at Tenchi "the day is 
yours boy." 

"And Clay" said Tenchi 

Kagato turned to the sky and said "after you broke free he grabbed an 
escape pod and took off."

 Turning back to Tenchi he said "here" as he tossed Tenchi the master 
key "I think that belongs to you."

Tenchi looked at Kagato and said "Why"

Kagato stood up and Said "Why not" Kagato looked up at the sky again 
and said "This isn't over." "Lady Tokimi will never give up" " but 
she'll have to do without my help." "There's no point in fighting a 
battle I can't win."

Kagato looked over to Tenchi and said "you've won boy..for now."
There was a flash of light and Kagato was gone.  

Tenchi half smiled and looked at Washu.

"What now" he said.

Washu gave him a blank look then looked over at her daughter's body. "I 
wish I knew" she said.


After placing Ryoko and Kiyones bodies in Washus lab, getting Sasami 
and Myuka calmed and into bed and helping Mihoshi up to her room were 
she cried herself to sleep Ayeka and Tenchi headed up to their rooms. 
As Tenchi stopped at his door his hind raced with thoughts of what had 
and what still might happen. Ayeka noticed him still standing there and 
turned to face him. 

"Tenchi" she said "are you going to be all right"

 Tenchi looked up at her sadly and said "in time I will." "I hope."
   
 Tenchi went into his room and spent hours trying to get to sleep 
unable to stop thinking about Ryoko and what Kagato had said about 
everything falling back into place. After several hours of tossing and 
turning he finally drifted off to sleep but his sleep was far from 
pleasant. Filled with nightmares that would pale Sasamis.


Tenchi awoke the next morning feeling drained as if he had not slept at 
all. Hoping it had all ben a dream he look up to the ceiling hoping to 
see Ryoko watching over him but there was no one there. Sadly Tenchi 
rolled over to get out of bed but as he turned to get up he was 
suddenly frozen. There in his chair as if nothing had happened was 
Ryoko. She was curled up in his winter quilt sleeping like a baby. 
Tenchi eyes were about to pop out of his head. He wanted to shout out 
but he was so fixated on the sight of her innocent face that he 
couldn't bear to wake her.

Finally Ryoko stirred and open her eyes to see Tenchi watching her.

"Oh'" she said "so I can't watch you sleep but its all right for you to 
watch me."

Tenchi smiled warmly at her and said "you can watch me anytime you want 
Ryoko." Unable to hold back any longer Tenchi grabbed Ryoko and hugged 
her tightly. Ryoko was confused but returned the embrace. 

Ryoko looked over Tenchis shoulder to see Ayeka standing at the door 
with an unexpected smile on her face. Tenchi also turned to face Ayeka 
but before he could say anything Ayeka said "you two do make a cute 
couple." Ryoko and Tenchi stood shocked.

Tenchi Ayeka and Ryoko spent about an hour talking in his room. Tenchi 
explained to Ryoko about what happened and Ryoko apparently had no 
memory of it. Tenchi could have sat there talking all day but a strange 
smell caught his attention. Looking at Ayeka he said "I told Sasami to 
get some rest and not to worry about breakfast."

Ayeka looked at him with a confused look and said "but she's still 
asleep in our room."

Tenchi returned the confused look and headed for the door. Looking down 
the hall he saw Ayeka and Sasamis room and Sasami was still inside 
asleep with Ryo-oki curled up on her belly. Tenchi smiled at the site 
of Ryo-oki but that didn't explain the smell. Tenchi headed down the 
stairs and saw the table set and herd someone in the kitchen. 

"It couldn't be dad" he said to him self "he cant boil water without 
burning it."

Tenchi decided the best way to find the answer is to look.

Shrugging he walked to the kitchen door.

Tenchi jaw hit the floor the minute he looked in. There standing at the 
stove was a women about late 30s early 40s with long dark hair. The 
woman turned to Tenchi and smiled "well its about time you woke up."

Tenchi couldn't move, think, or talk.

The woman looked at him and said "are you all right?"

Tenchi was still standing in shock when Ayeka and Ryoko came up behind 
him. Upon seeing the woman Ayeka eyes flew open wide "Lady Achika?"

There was no doubt about it. 

Achika looked at the three with a strange look. "You guy really need to 
get more sleep" she said.

Tenchi finally came back to life running to his mother and hugging her 
tightly.

Achika was even more confused now but smiled and hugged her son back.

Washu had watched the entire seen from behind and said "before everyone 
starts balling would you like me to explain."

Washu spent the next hour explaining to everyone how the destruction of 
Kain warped time so that Achika never encountered him. All the girls 
had arrived just as they remembered but only they never had to go back 
and save Tenchis mother.

Ryoko piped up "so why are Ryo-oki, Kiyone, and I alive"

Washu looked up and smiled "easy when Kain was destroyed the time 
paradox focused on him completely erasing his existence and any damage 
he did."

Washu looked over at Kiyone and said "and in the new time line Mihoshi 
destroyed 0-2 before he got the shot off."

Kiyone looked up at Mihoshi who was leaning against the back of the 
couch and said "guess I owe you one partner." 

Mihoshi smiled and said "Well someone's got to be there to save your 
butt."

Kiyone looked at Mihoshi with a sly look then grabbing Mihoshi buy the 
coller of her shirt pulled her over the back of the couch and dug her 
claws into her ribs.

Mihoshi squealed as Kiyone said "Who's gonna save YOU! bubble head"    

Tenchi smiled and looked at his mother. Achika smiled brightly back at 
him and said "I sorry I wasn't there for you but I'm here now and I'm 
not going anywhere. Ryoko stood up and said "well I'm going some were 
I'm going to get some breakfast."

Tenchi laughed and said "sounds good to me."

Tenchi watched as Kiyone and Mihoshi picked them selves off the floor 
and joined the others at the table. He stood for a moment in the living 
room looking at his family then turned to the window and looked up at 
the sky. Remembering that Kagato had said "Lady Tokimi would never give 
up."

Tenchi smiled up at the sky and said "nether will I."


Authors note
Well that's it my first fan fic. I hope you like it. I welcome any 
feedback as long as it's constructive. Also any idea on this story or 
any ideas for a future story are welcome. A good writer functions 
better with good feedback so don't hesitate to tell me what you think.


     
 
