Prophecy of Love and Death? (#4)
A Tenchi & company short story by Gary Littlejohn
-------------------------------------------------

All Tenchi* characters and the like are trademarks of AIC/Pioneer.
I did not invent these characters, I simply thought up the situation
for them to be in.
--------------------

I was standing in the middle of a dark room.  I knew immediately that this
must
be a dream.  However, despite that fact, I could never stop these dreams...
They
came as if broadcast to my brain, and I could not stop watching, no matter
how graphic, painful, or disturbing they were.  All I could do was live
through it and hope that it would not be horrible.

I walked forward, and suddenly I felt the need to look around for my
friends.
This was typical of these dreams.  I never knew what to do except look for
my
companions, so I called out their names.

"Tenchi..." I said softly. "Ryoko... Ayeka... Where are you guys?"

Huh.  No sign of them, as expected.  Suddenly, I heard a voice calling my
name.
It was Tenchi!

"I'm right here!" I said, running toward the voice.  Tenchi eventually came
into
view, and a moment later, Ryoko and Ayeka as well.  Those two now stood
inbetween
Tenchi and I.  Their eyes seemed evil, or maybe angry, I don't know.

"You little bitch!" Ryoko yelled at me "What do you think you're doing,
going
after Tenchi?  There's no way you can defeat me!  Tenchi and I have kissed!"

"That's right!" chimes in Ayeka, agreeing with Ryoko for a change. "At this
point,
the only one who could even come close to winning Tenchi's heart other than
Ryoko is me!  And don't you forget it, LITTLE sister!"

"You guys... Stop it... I don't want to fight with you!" I cried, tears
streaming
down my face.

"That's right." A voice chimed in, somehow familiar, and somehow not. "There
is no
need for fighting.  This boy's heart already belongs to me!"

"Who said that!?" Yelled out Ryoko.

"Show yourself!" Demanded Ayeka

The two stood there for a moment, looking around, and then I heard a gunshot
and saw
my sister hit by it, falling to the ground, he blood pouring from the new
wound
like a faucet.  She didn't even scream.  Here eyes just kind of went blank
as she
fell to the ground.

"Ayeka!!" I screamed, my tears now coming out like waterfalls.  "Tenchi! Do
something!
Save her!"

Tenchi began to move towards Ayeka when another gunshot was heard.  Tenchi's
eyes
clenched shut and he leapt towards Ryoko.  It al happened so fast, but in
the end,
Tenchi took the blast right in his chest, but on the wrong side to hit his
heart.  Even so, it was painful to watch such a thing.  A third gunshot rang
out.
Ryoko tried to avoid it, but the energy blast seemed to home in on her head.
It hit
its mark dead-on, burning off Ryoko's face, burning her hair off, and
blowing a
hole clean through her forehead.  It almost seemed to go in slow motion,
and no matter how much I wanted to stop watching, I couldn't.  The dream was
forcing me to watch it, and there was nothing I could do.

"No!  Stop this! Somebody help!" I yelled as I crawled towards Tenchi and
Ryoko.

"Sa... Sasami..." Tenchi whispered, barely able to breathe.  I took his hand
and looked down into his eyes.

"Tenchi, no... You can't die, Tenchi!  What about Ryoko and Ayeka!?  What
about me!?" I
said in disbeleif.  "You can't leave us!  We need you!  I... Need you."

"Sasami..." he spoke weakly. "Thank you.. for always being there for me.
Even now,
I can't tell you how special you are to me.  I'm sorry I couldn't save
them...
They were like family to you... and to me..."

"Tenchi please don't die!" I pleaded, as if it was going to help him.

"Sasami..." He bagan, again speaking my name fondly. "Did you know that your
eyes
are beautiful?  I've always... thought so."

I cried more when he said that because I had always wanted to hear something
like that
from him.  But this was just a dream, and in this dream world, he was dying!

"Tenchi, don't talk like that!  Please don't die!  I'll let you look at my
eyes
as much as you want if you just live through this! Please!  Tenchi, I love
you!" I
cried out, not knowing what else to say.  Then a heard another gunshot.

Suddenly the scene changed and I was standing in a different place. In the
distance, I saw Tenchi,
Ryoko, Ayeka, and me.  I looked down at my right had and noticed that I was
holding a blaster.  Involuntarally I lifted the gun and aimed it at my
sister.

"No..." I told myself.  "Don't do it!"

But I couldn't stop it.  I pulled the trigger and watched my sister die
again.  I switched
targets to Ryoko and fired again, and saw Tenchi jump in front of her,
getting shot
instead.

"Shit!" I said, as if it weren't me saying it.  I fired again, this time
hitting Ryoko
dead-on and sending her flying.  I could feel tears welling up in my eyes.
I looked up and screamed out.

"WHAT DOES IT MEAN!!!!?" My voice echoed accross what seemed to be infinite
space.

Suddenly I felt my hand trembling and I brought the gun up to my own head.

"No!" I yelled desperately. "I don't want to die!"

But it didn't matter.  I pulled the trigger and blew my own brains out.

That's when I woke up, saying the same thing I had just dreamed. "I don't
want to die..."

What did it mean?  I didn't understand, but it seemed like maybe something
was going to
happen to the four of us.  I was puzzled why in the second half of the dream
I was the shooter.  Well, hopefully I can sleep through the night now
without
anymore bad dreams.  I'm going back to bed.

THE END

(C)2002 Gary Littlejohn (dragon@icon-stl.net)
Comments welcome.
