Rowdy Reunion
Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction
By Elwin "Blaine" Coldiron

DISCLAIMER:  "Tenchi Muyo!" and characters were created by Hiroki Hayashi and 
Masaki Kajishima and are property of AIC/Pioneer.  I do not own the characters, 
nor the series.  I just write the fiction.

This takes place in the OVA continuity, preceeding the events of, "A Carrot 
Patch, A Clean House & A Burglar", writen by this author.  Any situation that is 
similar to the upcoming third OVA is purely coincendental.

****************************************************************************

A small, bullet-shaped object was moving rapidly towards Earth in an eastwardly 
direction.  It hit atmosphere somewhere over the Kola Penensula and began 
glowing brightly.  From the ground, the object could be easily mistaken for a 
meteorite.  No one really knew that, as well as being artificial, the object was 
not of Earthly manufacture.  

The object plummeting down on the planet was in fact a survival lifepod, used 
whenever a deep-space craft has to be abandoned in an emergency.  The outside 
had a ceramic-fiber covering.  It acted as thermal protection, as well as a 
shield for atmospheric entry.  The body was constructed of crystaline metal, 
forged from zero-gravity foundries.  The power supply and life-support systems 
of the small craft had a total supply for three months of continueous use.  
However, in case the occupants were forced to wait longer for help, the systems 
had the ability to place them in a state of cold sleep for a period of at least 
five years -- in theory, at least.  

That option was not really put to the test, because of the uncertainty of the 
on-board batteries ability to hold a charge for that long.  Systems on place 
onboard Jurai treeships could operate for as long as one thousand years in long-
distance spaceflights, but the best that metal-constructed ships was twenty-five 
years at most.  Galaxy Police Detective First-Class Kiyone Makabi didn't care 
much for these concerns, because it was a better risk that what have gotten her 
to this point.

It was supposed to be a simple case:  try to solve the recent plunderings of 
ultra-energy matter by a space pirate.  It was later revealed that the substance 
was to be used by a mad scientist in a attempt to destroy the universe.  Kiyone 
and her partner, Detective First-Class Mihoshi Kiramitzu, tracked the scientist 
to the huge spaceship where the Galaxy Destroyer was consturcted. A small battle 
ensued, and the remote control that controled the Destroyer was conficated by 
Kiyone.  She was about to slap the cuffs on the scientist when Mihoshi barged 
into her after triping.  Kiyone then fell off the bridge which she was standing 
and plummeted towards the core of the Destroyer's power supply, which was 
composed of ultra-energy matter.  It would have been fatal if her personal life-
support field hadn't switched on at the last moment.  This same field was also 
responsible for saving her life from the resultant explosion that destroyed the 
scientist's ship. 

Kiyone was able to find a sizeable piece of debris and settle herself down on 
it.  For over a week, she had waited for a rescue ship to come by, since her 
dedicated personal beacon was damaged in the fall.  She did have the emergency 
beacon that was part of her standard issue control cube, however, she was so 
angry at Mihoshi at the time that she did not think to use that.  

She would have waited for another week, but the batteries on her personal field 
were almost depleated.  It was only good luck that the piece of debris she 
landed on had a lifepod that was undamaged.  She gotten in, activated the life-
support systems, and was able to launch the pod away from the wreackage field.  

For a week, she drifted, entertaining herself by scribbling on the walls of the 
lifepod her innermost fantasy at the moment, which was killing her partner the 
moment she laid eyes on her.  Finally, when it was apparent that the pod's food 
stores were almost out, she took steps to activate the pod's hibernation 
systems.  She strapped herself in one of the seats and switched on the cryosleep 
systems, which would revive her once the pod was picked up by a passing ship, or 
the pod fell on a world with acceptable life-support conditions.  

For three years, her pod drifted aimlessly thru the empty void of space.  Then 
suddenly, it drifted into a hyper-tachyon stream and was pulled along on a 
journey that would normally last over three hundred years.  Finally, the pod was 
pulled out of the stream by the gravitational pull of a small, blue-green planet 
circling a medium-sized yellow star, which it was falling towards right now.

As the pod streaked closer the the planet, the onboard systems instantly powered 
up, began taking atmospheric samples and testing them for gas composition and 
biological hazards.  When the tests showed acceptable conditions, the revial 
systems activated and began to awaken Kiyone from her slumber.  The pod's course 
now had taken her pod to the Japanese islands, in the general direction of 
Okayama Prefecture.

***

Tenchi Masaki was sweeping outside the shrine, gathering up leaves and twigs in 
the late autumm evening.  There was no school that day, so his grandfather, 
Katsuhito, had scheduled a buzy day for him, which was heavy on sword practice.  
Tenchi was still feeling the sting from the lumps on his head.  One of these 
days, he thought, he is going to return at least one of those lumps.  Then 
maybe, he can get some measure of respect.

"Tenchi!  TENCHI!!"  Katsuhito called from the shrine office.  

"Just a minute, Grandpa!" Tenchi answered.  He gathered up the leaves he swept 
and placed them in a bin.  He then ran to the shrine office, where his 
grandfather stood near the open door.
"You want something, Grandpa?"

"I'd say that's enough for today, Tenchi."Katsuhito answered.  "Why don't we go 
down to the house and see what Sasami has prepared for dinner?"

"Okay, Grandpa," Tenchi replied, "just let me put up the broom."  

The past month was quiet.  Ever since the episode with the burglar, the routine 
around the Masaki household had gotten back to normal (well, close to normal 
anyway).  Then, about a week ago, Mihoshi had to suddenly go on patrol and Washu 
had herself holed up in her lab, both not saying why.  Mihoshi had came back two 
days ago, mentioning something about some big emergency but not going into any 
detail.  She did not tell anybody about the hyper-tachyon stream that threatened 
to turn Earth into another asteroid field.  

Only Washu was not heard from, still locked in her lab, never coming out, even 
for dinner.  It was not unusual for Washu to spend a week in her lab, but she 
usually came out for meals.  So everyone figured that that it was  some big 
project that needed her upmost attention, not to mention wishing everyone -- 
including Mihoshi -- out for safety's sake.  Nobody knew she was monitoring the 
stream's progress and reporting to both the Galaxy Police and the Jurai Imperial 
Fleet.  So nobody bothered them.  All Tenchi was thinking about was the 
universe-class dinner that Sasami had prepared, thoughts that were interupted by 
a pair of twin booms.  At first, Tenchi thought that another argument that Ayeka 
and Ryoko were having.  Then he noticed that the booms came from another 
direction, and from the air.

Katsuhito also looked up.  "Hmmmm.  Sonic boom." he said, proceeding down the 
long steps down to the house.  "Perhaps nothing to be concerned about."

Tenchi was not so sure.  Sonic booms were common, but not this time of day.  He 
shrugged his shoulders and proceeded down the steps.

As the pair aproached the front door of the house, they were both greeted by 
Ayeka and Ryoko, who were there to greet Tenchi.

"Welcome home, Tenchi!" both girls chorused.

"Hello Ayeka, Ryoko." Tenchi greeted.

Ayeka then noticed that her half-brother and former betrothed had accompaned 
Tenchi as well.  "Oh,"she gasped, "and good evening, Yosho!"  Ayeka and Sasami 
always addressed Katsuhito by his true name.

"And good evening to you too, sister." Katsuhito answered.  Then his attention 
turned to the aromas emanating from the house.  "My, it smells like Sasami had 
outdone herself again tonight." he complimented.

"She has, indeed!" Ryoko answered.  Ever since Zero was assimilated into her 
form by Washu, Ryoko had gained a sense of both smell and taste, so now she was 
able to enjoy Sasami's cooking, rather that be hospitible and eat her food, but 
not taste it.  She gripped Tenchi by his right arm and guided him to the table.  
"Come Tenchi," she purred, "sit by me, willya -- OUCH!!"  Her grip on Tenchi was 
broken by Ayeka pinching her hand.

"You know, good and well that Tenchi sits by BOTH of us," Ayeka said gently but 
firmly, "so it no use trying to get preferecial treatment from him, you 
jackass."  She had decided, mostly to please Tenchi, to refrain from calling 
Ryoko 'a monster', or 'a beast', but she still wanted to put her in her place by 
using less inflammatory put-downs.

"Hey!  Who are you calling a jackass?" Ryoko snapped.

"Why you, of course." Ayeka answered.  Both women glared threatenly at each 
other.

"Now listen, you two," Tenchi interuped, "let's not ruin dinner with a fight, 
okay?" He stepped in between the two extraterrestials.  Both Ayeka and Ryoko 
nodded, but still shot dirty looks at each other.

"Yes, girls, let's not argue," Nobuyuki, Tenchi's father added, "let's just sit 
down and enjoy this delicious meal Sasami has prepared for us."

"Yes, you two," Sasami finished, "after all, it's not everyday we have Tenchi's 
father here as well." It was a true statement.  Nobuyuki spent most of his time 
in a small apartment in Tokyo because of the huge workload he had and was not 
able to get back home as often as he liked. 

"Meow, meow!" Ryo-Ohki said, who was already sat down with a bowl of her home-
grown carrots in front of her.  It was fortunate that, during the burglar 
fiasco, her carrot garden not only survived that, and an Ayeka/Ryoko fight.  
That said fight had only added more to her garden's acerage, and she was already 
planning for next year.

"It looks like not everyone is here." Katsuhito noticed. "I don't see Washu or 
Mihoshi."

"Washu is still in her lab," Ayeka said, "and Mihoshi hasn't come downstairs 
yet."

Katsuhito nodded and turned to his grandson. "Tenchi, why don't you ask Washu if 
she would come to dinner?"

Tenchi sweated and answered in a trembling voice, "Uh -- I think I'd rather 
not."  He didn't like to contradict his grandfather, but he was nervous about 
Washu's  so called 'magic fingers'.  "Besides," he added, "the door's locked."

"Well then," Katsuhito said, "let's let Mihoshi know that dinner's ready."

"Yeah, lets." Ryoko said, in a bored tone. "She can have Washu's portion, as 
well as everyone elses."

"Now that's not nice, Ryoko." Tenchi scolded.  He then turned to the stairs and 
called out, "MIHOSHI?  IT'S DINNERTIME, COME ON DOWN!"

"Really, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said, "that is very rude for a future ruler of 
Jurai to shout like that."

"If I ever sit on the Jurai throne, then I'll remember that.  Right now, this is 
my home, and I like to see everyone here if possible."  Tenchi then turned back 
to the stairs and yelled, "MISHOSH?  AREN'T YOU COMING DOWN?"

From upstairs, Mihoshi's voice came out and said, "I'm not hungry."  

Almost everybody facefalted.  MIHOSHI? NOT HUNGRY?  It was unheard of!

"MISHOSHI, WHAT'S WRONG?  MIHOSHI?" Tenchi yelled.  No answer.  Concerned, 
Tenchi bounded up the stairs, follow by Ayeka, Sasami, and Katsuhito.  Ryoko 
teleported up to the door leading to Mihoshi's room and waited for the others.  
There, Tenchi knocked on the door.

"I'm not hungry." Mihoshi answered in a voice that sounded sad.

"Mihoshi? What's wrong?  Can we come in?" Tenchi asked.

"Yes."  was Mihoshi's answer.  Tenchi then slid back the door, afterwhich he and 
the rest of the group walked in.  The lights in Mihoshi's room were off, the 
only illumination was from a candle which sat on a small altar that Mihoshi had 
set up on the floor.  Mihoshi was kneeling in front of that altar, her hands set 
together in prayer.  On the altar, a small portrait of a beautiful woman with 
teal hair, blue eyes, and wearing a red-orange headband, as well as the uniform 
of the Galaxy Police.  

It was also apparent that Mihoshi was crying.  Tears had stained her darkly 
tanned cheeks, and her eyes were puffy.  She was also sniffling, and a trashcan 
full of used tissues was next to her.  It was a full minute before Tenchi got up 
the courage to ask, "Mihoshi, is there anything wrong?"

"No." she replied weakly. "It's just that," she interupted to blow her pretty 
nose, "today is the third anniversery of the day I lost my partner, Kiyone."

"Kiyone?  I remember you told us about her." Tenchi said.

Ryoko turned to Ayeka and whispered, "I thought she made her up." To which Ayeka 
elbowed her in the ribs.

"It was on this day, Kiyone gave her life to save the universe.  And so on this 
day," Mihoshi sniffled, "I set aside an hour of the day, praying for her soul, 
and asking for her to be blessed."  She then turned towards the group, more 
specificly, towards Ryoko.  "I heard that little crack you made," she said in an 
angry tone that was not like her, "and I can assure you that I would never make 
up anyone like her!" 

Ryoko inwardly cringed as she saw an angry look in Mihoshi's blue eyes.  She 
continued.  "I mean.look at that picture!  I got that from her the first month 
that we were partners!  She was the only person that would work with me!  All 
the other partners I had either put in for a transfer or had to take medical 
leave."  As she spoke, tears began to flow unbidden from her eyes.  "And to 
think that you would imply that she did not exist, I -- I --"  Mihoshi collapsed 
onto the floor, crying loudly, her hands covering her face.  Tenchi knealt down 
and comforted her.  

For ten minutes, Mihoshi wept on Tenchi's shoulder, her blonde hair quivering as 
she cried.  Finally, she released her embrace and knealt back to her altar.  
Tenchi then left the room, where the others had stood outside.  Sasami and 
Katsuhito had already gone downstairs, only Ryoko and Ayeka remained as they 
accompanied him downstairs.  As they headed back to the dinner table, Tenchi had 
gotten a look at the two women.  Ryoko's face has a look of guilt writen all 
over it.  Ayeka's, as usual, was somewhat neutral, but with a touch of anger 
towards the former space pirate.  

***

After dinner, Ayeka helped her sister clean up the dishes.  Katsuhito had gone 
back to the shrine, Nobuyuki to his room to work on one of the almost endless 
house design projects that he had, and Tenchi had gone to his room to do 
homework before turning in for bed.  

Ryoko was on her rafter, contenplating the events of the night.  The sight of 
Mihoshi, angry and offended by her remark about Kiyone, had disturbed her.  As 
much as she was annoyed by her daffiness, Ryoko had come to like the young 
policewoman.  Her bright smile and her cheery attitude was so unlike any law-
enforcement officer and solider that she had witnessed in her life.  She wished 
there was something that she could do to make-up for what she did this night.

That opportunity came up when Sasami piped up from the kitchen, "I going up to 
bring Mihoshi a sandwich to eat.  She should have something, at least."

"Oh let me take that up to her." Ayeka offered.  There was a tray that had a 
sandwich, some pastries, and a small pot of tea that the elder princess was 
about to take off Sasami's hands.

"No," Ryoko appeared and taken the tray, "I'll take that to Mihoshi."

"Why should you?" Ayeka responded, obviously annoyed, "After what you said, 
you're the last person she would want to see."

"Because I need to." Ryoko countered.  "Ayeka, please let me take this to her?"  
She was uncharcteristicly polite towards her.

Ayeka was genuinly surprised by this sudden offer of compassion that Ryoko was 
displaying.  "Well, okay Miss Ryoko."  And with that, the cyan-haired woman 
taken the tray and teleported away.

"Well, that was a refreshing change." Ayeka quipped, her ruby eyes wide with 
surprise as she stared at the empty space where Ryoko once stood.

Sasami smiled widely as her sister stood almost numb.  She then walked over to a 
small kitchen cupboard.  She opened the door, where a small mirror was hung and 
whispered, "I knew Ryoko would try to make up with Mihoshi."

"That you did, Sasami." the smiling image of Tsunami, who was on the mirror 
instead to Sasami's reflection, quietly responded.

***

Mihoshi heard a small tap on the door.  "Come on in." came the cheerful 
response.  Ryoko slid back the door.  The altar had been put away and the candle 
extinguished.  Although her eyes were still puffy from crying, Mihoshi was back 
to her normal, smiling self.  "Oh hi, Ryoko!  Is that something Sasami made for 
me?"

Ryoko was somewhat relieved that the blonde detective was back to her normal 
self.  "Yes it is." she said.  Then she offered, "Look, Mihoshi.I'm sorry for 
what I said earlier.  It's just that --"

"Oh that?" she asked.  "That's okay.  I knew you never ment it.  You all just 
caught at a bad time, that's all" Ryoko breathed a sigh of relief.  Mihoshi was 
never a person that would hold a grudge -- even with something as personal as 
what had happened.

"Oh, thanks.  I was so worried." the pirate said.  "Anyway, Sasami though you 
should eat something, so she made you this tray."

"Alright!" Mihoshi cheered.  "You know, mourning can really bring out an 
appitite.  I mean, after you guys left, I was beginning to feel really hungry 
and I was wondering if there were any leftovers from dinner, so I was about to -
-"

"Yeah yeah, I know," Ryoko interupted rather loudly, "now could you take this 
tray from me, please?"  She was starting to get irritated.

"What?  Oh. okay."  Mihoshi took the tray out of the pirate's hands.  She set 
the tray down and proceeded to consume the contents of the tray, all the while 
with Ryoko watching her eat.  The flaxen beauty was munching so fast that Ryoko 
began to wonder if she would eat the tray also.

When she was finished, Mihoshi picked up the cup, which held a steaming cup of 
green tea and took a sip when she noticed that Ryoko was still in the room.  "Oh 
I'm sorry," she began, "is there something that you want to talk about?"

Not expecting this, Ryoko looked around and stumbled, "What?  Oh, I guess --".  
She fumbled around in her mind, then asked, "So tell me, what do you know about 
Kiyone?"

"Well," Mihoshi searched her memory for what she knew about her partner, took 
another sip, then said, "what I do know is that she had graduated second in her 
class at Galaxy Police Acadamy."

"Really?" Ryoko said, then thought to herself, 'It's a good thing that I didn't 
run into her seven hundred years ago.  She's would have been another pain in the 
neck I'd have to deal with.'  She thought briefly the person she did have a 
problem with that long ago and was hoping that she would be dead by now.  "How 
did she look upon her job?" she asked.

"Oh she was very dedicated.  And pretty ambitious, if I remember correctly.  She 
was always trying to get that big promotion that take her to the top.  But just 
when about to get there, something always seems to go wrong and she would 
naturally blame me for the whole thing." Mihoshi said, setting down her cup and 
smiling all along.

"Yeah." Ryoko closed her eyes and mused. 'Yep, someone to give me grief, 
alright.' she thought.  'I'm just glad she's kicked the bucket.  I just hope 
Mihoshi can't read minds.'  She then continued, "So tell me, Mihoshi --"  She 
opened her eyes and found that Mihoshi was fast asleep.  

"Boy, can she conk out fast." Ryoko comented to herself.  Not wishing to disturb 
her, the pirate found Mihoshi's blanket and covered her up.  "G'night, Mihoshi." 
she said quietly.  Ryoko then gathered up the tray and teleported out.

***

While all this was going on -- 

Kiyone's lifepod was quietly parachuting down to a point across the lake from 
the Masaki house.  Upon setting down, a series of locks snapped open and the 
access door slowly lowered down to the ground.  A red-orange gloved hand grasped 
the edge of the opening and the occupant slowly poked her head out.  Adjusting 
her eyes to the dim light, Kiyone got a chance to survey her suroundings.

"Where the hell am I?" she asked herself, seeing nothing but trees and various 
night sounds.  "Hmm, no doubt someplace that doesn't have interplanetary travel 
yet." Kiyone grumbled.  "This is another mess that Mihoshi's gotten me into!"  
She kicked the lifepod in frustration, then screamed her anger to the empty sky.  
Not knowing what else to do, she took steps to insure her rescue.  Using her 
wrist computer, she took star sightings to find out where she had landed.  What 
she found out didn't make her happy.

"JURAI COLONY WORLD 0315?  That's just great!  Now I'm in trouble with Jurai, 
too!  That Mihoshi -- if I ever get my hands on her, I'm going to choke her 
right into next week!"  With the information that Kiyone had, she taken out her 
control cube, twisted it around until her emergency beacon was activated.  
Kiyone knew, however, that the chances of a successful rescue was one in every 
five hundred years, but that was the only option open to her.  After placing the 
cube in the lifepod, she had to find someplace to relieve herself, then get the 
emergency bedroll out and settle down for the night.  She'd look around for some 
means of faster rescue in the morning.

***

Morning dawned bright and clear (not to mention a bit cool) in the mountains 
surrounding the Masaki home.  Kiyone woke up, shivering from the cold air. 
Mornings on this planet, she thought, were a lot colder than on her home world.  
Of course, she wasn't exactly dressed for the weather.  Her top was the standard 
Galaxy Police uniform, but she opted for the optional white miniskirt and white 
boots with black tights for everything else.  Getting up, she thought that she 
would look around and forage for any edible plants when she looked across the 
lake.  She then notice two dwellings.  One was a modest look home that was on 
the shore, the other was situatied on the side of a hill, with what apeared to 
be a trail leading from it to the home on the lake.

"Maybe they might have something to eat there." she said to herself.  Making 
sure that the translator function on her wristcom was funtional, Kiyone set out 
for the building on the shore.

***

Because the school was still closed and being repaired after he and Ryoko's 
'first date', Tenchi thought that he would get the morning chores taken care of 
before studying.  He was in the garden, getting much of the ground ready for the 
next season's planting, as well as getting Ryo-Ohki's expanded carrot garden 
prepared. It was while doing this is when he saw a figure walking down the shore 
towards the house.  Thinking that it must be a visitor making a pilgramage 
towards the shrine, Tenchi thought that he would greet this person and ask about 
his or her's intentions.  Putting down his hoe, Tenchi scampered down the path 
to the lake.

***

All Kiyone had on her mind was finding a bit to eat.  So it was a bit of a 
surprise that heard someone yelling, "HELLO!  IS THERE ANYTHING WE CAN DO FOR 
YOU?"

Kiyone looked up in amazement.  It was not the fact that there was someone, a 
young boy, was running towards her, but that he was speaking in, what sounded, 
almost perfect Juraian.  She had to remember that this was listed as a Jurai 
colony world, so it would be natural that the language would be spoken her.  
Luckily, Kiyone was fluent in Juraian, so she answered back, "Yes.  I'm stranded 
here, and I wonder if I could get a bit of food here."  She than took off to 
greet the boy.

***

While all this was going on --

Mihoshi woke up to an insestant beeping that was coming from her wristcom that 
she was wearing.  Yawning loudly and rubbing, she touched the side of the 
device.  "Yes?" she answered sleepily.

"Mihoshi!" came the voice of Yukinojo, her shuttle's artifical inteligence (A.I. 
for short), "Where have you been?  I have been trying to get ahold of you all 
night!"

"I was only sleeping," she said, "Why?  Is there something wrong, Yukinojo?"

"Accually," the A.I. continued, "I have have picked up a Galaxy Police distress 
beacon last night and it is very close.  In fact, the signal is originating 
almost 2.5 kilometers from your location."

"Oh my!" Mihoshi exclamed.  "Do you know who is sending the signal?"  All Galaxy 
Police distress beacons have an encoded signal, identifing the name of the 
officer who sent it.

"Not at this moment," Yukinojo replied, "but I have call up the list of all 
Galaxy Police personal, as well as missing officers.  It should take me a few 
minutes to find out the name."

"Right.  Let me know if you have a match."

"Yes, Mihoshi."  Yukinojo then signaled off.

Mihoshi then looked at her slept-in clothes and said, "I'd better get changed 
first, then find that missing officer."  She proceeded to use her control cube 
to change into her uniform.  But before she could, a thunderous growl was 
emmited from her stomach.

"Okay.  I'll change AFTER breakfast."

***

It only took a few seconds for Tenchi to close the distance between himself and 
Kiyone.  He didn't recognize her at first, but then he got a look at her uniform 
and said, "Hey.  That looks like a Galaxy Police uniform you got on."

Kiyone was dumbfounded.  "Y-yes, it is.  B-but. how do you know about the Galaxy 
Police?"

"Well, it's because." Tenchi began to answer, but then he took a closer look and 
noticed her face, the headband and the teal hair.  "Hey, you wouldn't happen to 
be Kiyone, Mihoshi's partner?" he asked.

"M-MIHOSHI?  HERE?"  Kiyone exclaimed, her blue eyes going wide.

"Yeah," Tenchi answered, a little surprised by her reaction, "she lives with out 
over at the house.  She thought you died three years ago.  Boy, will she pleased 
to find that you're alive."

By now, Kiyone had turned away from Tenchi's face, because she didn't want him 
to see the look of rage on her face.  'THREE YEARS?' she thought, 'I SPENT THREE 
YEARS ASLEEP IN THAT DAMN POD?  AND MIHOSHI IS HERE?'  She was fairly quivering 
with anger.  'NOW I CAN FINALLY KILL HER FOR STRANDING ME OVER HERE!'  Suddenly, 
her thoughts shifted.  'Wait a minute.  If Mihoshi's here, then there might be a 
way to get off this mudball.  Okay, I won't kill Mihoshi.  I'll just kick the 
crap out of her, then I could finally get home and back to Galaxy Police 
headquarters.'

Tenchi was watching all this action and sweatdroped.  He wondered what in the 
world was Kiyone thinking when all of a sudden, he felt the familiar sensation 
of invisible fingers griping his chest.  And the voice as Ryoko appeared.  She 
was wearing her white dress, with the dark green and orange jacket and red 
gloves and leggings.  "Good morning, Tenchi.  Let's go play, okay?"

Tenchi began struggling with the pirate and yelled, "C'MON RYOKO!  LEGGO, WE GOT 
COMPANY  OVER HERE!  STOP IT!"

Kiyone was snapped out of her trance at the mention of a certain name that she 
heard from lectures back in Acadamy days.  "Ryoko?" she said.  "The space 
pirate, Ryoko?  The one responsible for the destruction of the royal palace of 
Jurai seven hundred years ago?"

Hearing a strange voice, Ryoko turned up and said, "Yeah, so what's it to you?"  
Her amber eyes then went wide as she saw the source of that voice, and 
imedietlly recognized it from the picture that she saw on Mihoshi's altar the 
night before.  

Both women stood for what seems to be a few minutes, all the while Tenchi was 
franticly looking between the two.  It was Ryoko that had broke the silence.  
"Oh damn.  She's alive." she said in a low, flat, and sarcastic voice.

Kiyone then drew her blaster, a modified version than what Mihoshi carried and 
yelled, "ALRIGHT, RYOKO!  FREEZE RIGHT THERE!"

Ryoko floated back and said, "Now wait just a minute --" but stopped as a blast 
nearly clipped her.  Right then and there, she figured that she wouldn't listen 
to reason and decided to gain a little altitute.

Kiyone then sprinted off, continuing to fire and yelling, "I SAID FREEZE, RYOKO! 
AND I MEAN IT!!!"

"NO! STOP! WAIT!"  Tenchi yelled as he pursued the two, "YOU GOT IT ALL WRONG! 
THERE'S BEEN A BIG MISUNDERSTANDING!  STOP IT!!!!"

***

While all this was going on (oh boy!) --

"So another Galaxy Police officer is here?" Sasami exclamed, her pink eyes wide 
with amazement as herself, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki sat the table eating 
breakfast.  Washu had still not came in to eat.

"Meow?" Ryo-Ohki added.

"Why yes." Mihoshi answered between bites.  "I got the news from Yukinojo a few 
minutes ago."

"Do you know who this officer might be?"  Ayeka asked, no doubt as amazed as her 
sister.  "It's very rare to find another officer so close to Earth."

"Not yet.  Yukinojo's trying to find out right now." the blonde detective said 
as she took a sip of tea.  "I guess his lifepod got caught in that hyper-tachyon 
stream that came near here."

"A hyper-tachyon stream?  Here?" Ayeka exclaimed. "Those things are very 
dangerous!  Why didn't you tell us?"

"Oops." Mihoshi said, her blue eyes going wide. "I wasn't susposed to tell you 
that.  Oh don't worry about the stream, it's going away from here and it's not 
likely to come back again.  They don't usually change their course like this, 
but this one did and everybody got worried, but now it's going back, so no 
worries."

"Oh thank goodness."  The purple haired Ayeka sighed.  

It was about then, Mihoshi's wristcom began beeping.  The blonde then stood up 
from the table, worked her cube intil she was in her uniform, and pressed the 
side.  "Yes, Yukinojo?" she said.

"I am sorry it took so long, Mihoshi, but when I got the identity of the 
signal's owner, I had to double-check it with the missing officer's list." the 
A.I. said

"And?"  Mihoshi implored.

"And the owner of the signal is that of Kiyone Makabi, your partner.  I am at 
this moment preparing an update to her wristcom's database and will transmit to 
it shortly."  Yukinojo then signaled out.

Upon hearing the news, Mihoshi collaped to her knees, her tanned face going 
pale.  Tears began welling up in her eyes.  "K-Kiyone?  Alive?" she whimpered.

"Wow!" Sasami whispered.

"That is incredible!" Ayeka exclaimed.  She was on the verge of comforting 
Mihoshi when the sounds of laser fire and explosions came from outside the 
house.

"Meow, meow!" exclaimed the cabbit, who was in her animal form.  

Mihoshi quickly recovered and got to her feet and was out the door, followed by 
Ayeka, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.

***

Elsewhere (you glad I didn't say 'While all this was going on'?  D'OH!  I SAID 
IT!!!!) --

Washu was quietly snoring on her computer console in her lab.  She had fallen 
asleep while monitoring the hyper-tachyon stream's retreat, because of the 
possibility of any dangerous objects falling out of the stream.  She had spent 
the last eight hours sleeping when she finally and quietly roused herself awake.  
She yawned rather loudly and streached herself in her.

"Uh, what happened?" she mumbled.  It was then that she heard a small alarm on 
her console.  "Huh?" she said, rather mindlessly, then her emerald eyes went 
wide.  "WHAT?  SOMETHING FELL OUT?"  She looked at the time index.  "EIGHT HOURS 
AGO?  OH NO!  BUT HOW --"

She got up and looked at the coffee which she made last night.  Franticly, she 
ran to the can of coffee and looked at the lable.

"AAAUUUGGGGHHHH!  DECAFFINATED!?  THAT BUBBLEHEAD MIHOSHI GOT ME DECAFFINATED 
COFFEE!?  Oh I'm going to really wring her neck for this one!"  Not wasting any 
time, Washu ran to her storage center, trying to get any equipment that she need 
to deal with a possible catastophe.

***

Ryoko couldn't believe what was happening at this moment.  Seeing Mihoshi's 
partner alive was bad enough, now she was trying very activly to capture her.  
Kiyone, for her part, was doing a good job trying to keep up with the airborne 
space pirate, firing blast after blast at her while dodging Ryoko's 
counterattacks, as well as trying to cope with this native boy who was trying to 
impeede her from her duty.

"LISTEN TO ME," Tenchi was yelling, "WILL YOU STOP SHOOTING AT HER!  SHE DIDN'T 
DO ANYTHING!" He started grabbing at her to try to restrain the Galaxy Police 
detective.

"I SAID, KEEP BACK!  THIS IS OFFICIAL BUSINESS!" Kiyone then grabbed Tenchi and 
threw him 10 feet away, which knocked the wind out of him.

"TENCHI!"  Ryoko yelled.  Trying to shoot her was one thing; hurting the man she 
loved had enraged the pirate to no end.  Forming her energy sword, she charged 
towards Kiyone, screaming with rage.  The teal-haired detective barely dodged 
the attack and got off another shot at Ryoko.  It was a direct hit, but the 
pirate's shield deflected the shot easily.

'Damn!' Kiyone thought. 'she's shielded.  Well, I've got a setting for such an 
occasion.'  Quickly, for she had to avoid another attack, the detective fumbled 
around with the settings on her blaster.  

Ryoko, in the meantime, gained altitute for another assault.  She had eyed 
Kiyone, who had taken a stance and aimed at her.  For Mihoshi's benefit, she 
thought, she would only knock her out and then, maybe, listen to some sense.  
She still couldn't understand she insist on shooting her; it wouldn't work.  
Giving her battle cry, Ryoko began her charge.

It was at this moment that Kiyone fired. The beam struck Ryoko's shield, but 
this time, instead of deflecting, the beam reacted violently against the shield.  
Ryoko's charge stopped adbruptly and she doubled over, screaming in intense 
pain.  It was then the shield collaped, with the pirate along with it.  Kiyone 
then jumped and in mid-air, threw a disc-shaped object with a line at her, 
binding Ryoko head to toe.  

"Figured 'feedback stun' would work aganst an organic shield like hers." Kiyone 
said to herself.  She quickly reset her blaster to the standard setting and 
landed on the ground, with Ryoko her prisoner. 

By this time, Tenchi recovered from Kiyone's throw and had saw what had 
happened.  "RYOKO!" he called out and ran to her, only to get a shot at his 
feet.

"STAY BACK!" Kiyone commanded, aiming the blaster at Tenchi.  "It's bad enough 
that you impeeded a Galaxy Police detective in the performance of duty, don't 
find yourself arrested as well!"

"What are you talking about?" Tenchi countered.  "She's innocent!  Let her go!"

"Innocent?" Kiyone questioned.  "I'll have you know that this is a very 
dangerous person, wanted throughout the universe for crimes against sentience!  
I'm arresting her on those grounds!"

"ARE YOU CRAZY?" Ryoko spat back, finally regaining enough of her senses to hear 
what was going on.  "THIS IS FALSE ARREST!  I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE, I'LL HAVE 
YOU KNOW I'LL HAVE YOUR BADGE FOR THIS!"

"SHUT UP OR I'LL STUN YOU AGAIN, RYOKO!" Kiyone yelled back.  She was about to 
add more when she heard more voices coming from the house and heading towards 
them.

"TENCHI!" Ayeka called, followed by her sister.  Ryo-Ohki ran in between her 
mistress and Kiyone, got in a defensive crouch, and hissed loudly.  "What's 
going on?" she added.

"Miss," Kiyone cautioned, "stay back!  I'm in the process of arresting this 
dangerous criminal and I would appreciate it if you would --"

"Kiyone?" a small voice piped up.

The teal-haired detective's head snapped up, as she recognized the voice.  
Looking up she saw the source of said voice; a tall, tanned, blue-eyed girl with 
long, pointed ears, and blonde hair that was tied up with a large purple ribbon 
with the bow on the right side.  She was wearing the standard Galaxy Police 
uniform, with gray slacks, white gloves, and a black ribbon collar on her 
throat.

For an instant, Kiyone forgot that she was arresting Ryoko and dropped her 
binding cord, which wound itself up, releasing the pirate.  She stared at 
Mihoshi, slowly walking over, her hands opening and clenching at the same pace.  
A look of anger flashed in her blue eyes as she aproached the source of her 
misery that she caused three years ago.  

"Mi-ho-shi --" she growled in a low, gutteral tone as she raised her hands to 
strangle her, forgetting as well her promise just to kick her.  But just before 
she could grab her throat, Kiyone found herself in a powerful hug that would 
have done Misaki, Ayeka's mom, proud.

"OH KIYONE," Mihoshi bawled, "YOU'RE ALIVE!  YOU'RE ALIVE!!!  I'M SO GLAD THAT 
YOU'RE ALIVE!!!"  She was squeezing Kiyone so hard that her face was turning 
just as blue as her eyes, and she was getting close to turning purple as well.

"That's -- good," Kiyone manage to say, forgetting her rage, "that's -- very -- 
good.  Now -- let -- go -- of -- me -- please?  I -- can't -- breathe."

"Huh?" Mihoshi had interuped her crying long enough to realize that she was 
crushing her partner.  "Oops.  Sorry, Kiyone."  She released her grip on her 
partner, allowing Kiyone to once again enjoy the pleasures of breathing.  "So, 
what's going on?  What's all the shooting for?" the blonde detective asked.

Once again adopting a professional bearing, Kiyone answered back, "I was buzy 
trying to apprehend and arrest this criminal." She pointed at Ryoko to prove her 
point.  It was then she noticed that the pirate was no longer bound.  She once 
again drew her blaster to stun her, only to get the gun wrestled away from her 
by Mihoshi.

"What are you doing, Kiyone! Put that down!" Mihoshi pleaded.

"What am I doing?" Kiyone shot back.  "What are YOU doing defending her, you 
bubblehead?  Don't you know who she is?"

Mihoshi answered, quite innoncently, "Well, yeah it's Ryoko.  So?"

Kiyone facefaulted, then shot back on her feet and in Mihoshi's face, a vein 
bulging on the side of her forehead.  "SO!?" she screamed.  "SO WHY HAVENT YOU 
ARRESTED HER LIKE YOU WERE SUSPOSED TO, YOU DIMWIT!?"  To which Mihoshi said 
cheerfully, "Well, because there's nothing to arrest her for."

"She's right." Ryoko chirpped in, standing rather rubbery legged after being 
freed from the binding line.  She then turned to Ayeka and said smugly, "Go on, 
Princess, tell Miss Bossy Dumb Cop that I'm free to go."  To the pirate's 
chagrin, Ayeka had a look of uncertainty, as if debating whatever or not to tell 
Kiyone.  "AYEKAAAAA!!!!!" she growled loudly, startling the princess.

"Well," Ayeka began, "I hate to agree with Miss Ryoko, but I'm afraid that she 
is right.  She is free to go."

Kiyone couldn't believe that she was hearing all of this.  She was jumping 
around the people in the group, wildly waving her hands and shouting, "WHAT IS 
WITH YOU PEOPLE!?  HAVE YOU ALL GONE CRAZY!?" Finally calming down, she reached 
for her wristcom and said, "Fine!  You want proof?  You'll get it!"  She then 
called into the device, "Access criminal file, Ryoko, space pirate."  A few 
seconds later, a holographic display popped up. showing a portrait of Ryoko, 
smiling and flashing a 'V' sign with her hand as well as charges against her.

"See?" Kiyone said, pointing to the display and read, "Ryoko Hakubi, wanted for 
various crimes of destruction and terror --" she was interruped when the display 
suddenly started changing.  "Huh?  It's updating."  A new display then popped 
up, text only.  Kiyone studied this new information and an increduous look came 
over her face.

While all this was going on (don't you get tired of this phrase?), Ryoko had 
sauntered over behind Kiyone and read the new information over her shoulder.  
"Go on," she said in a smug tone, "read it to everybody." 

Kiyone then read, in a trembling voice, "As of Galaxy Standard Time 00432, all 
charges against Ryoko Hakubi have been dismissed by statute of limitation," she 
gulped and continued, "and her criminal record has been erased."

"And?" Ryoko implored, as she started giggling.

"And," Kiyone continued, tears starting to appear in her eyes, "the subject has 
been granted a royal pardon from the emperor of Jurai, for her role in the 
destruction of the eternally wanted criminal Kagato."  Ryoko burst out laughing 
as Kiyone bemoaned, "THAT WAS ALL ONE YEAR AGO!"

"That's riiiight!" Ryoko sang out after she recovered from her laughing fit. 
"I'm free as a bird, and there is nothing you can do about it.  You know," she 
said as she walked away from Kiyone, "I think that a nice walnut frame with a 
red velvet backing should be a beautiful display in my room for that badge of 
yours when I get it."  Kiyone just had a sick look in her face as she slowly 
fell over backwards to the ground.

"Kiyone, are you okay?" Mihoshi said as she kneld down to examine her fallen 
partner, while everyone just looked at the sight.  

Just then, a loud scream caused everyone (except Kiyone) to jump at least a 
foot.  An instant later, everyone saw the amazing sight of Washu throtling 
Mihoshi while standing on Kiyone.

"YOU LAME BRAIN!!" the diminuitive scientist screamed, "YOU DUMB BUNNY!!! YOU 
GOT ME DECAFFINATED COFFEE!!!  I FELL ASLEEP FOR EIGHT HOURS AND NOW I FOUND OUT 
THAT AN OBJECT FELL OUT FROM THAT STREAM AND LANDED NEAR HERE!!!  IF WE ALL END 
UP GETTING KILLED FROM WHATEVER IT WAS, I'M GOING TO FIND YOU IN THE AFTERLIFE 
AND WHEN I DO --" she was interruped from her tirade when she heard a groan.  
She let go of Mihoshi's throat and looked down to see that she was standing on a 
woman with teal hair, a red-orange headband, glazed blue eyes, and wearing a 
variant of a Galaxy Police uniform.  

Washu then looked up to everybody and asked, "Who's she?"

Everybody groaned and sweatdroped.

***

It was four hours since the whole thing had occurred.  Kiyone was lying on a 
spare futon in the room that Mihoshi used when she woke up.  She heard a tapping 
on the door and groaned, "Come in."  

The door slid open and in walked Washu, carrying a tray which held a small 
quanity of steamed rice, smoked fish and steamed vegetables, miso soup, rice 
crackers, and hot tea.  "So you're awake, Kiyone." she said gently.  "Good.  
Sasami thought that you might be hungry, so she put together this lunch for you.  
She really is a very good cook."  She set down the tray next to Kiyone.  Washu 
then knelt down and said, "I found out that it was your pod that came out of 
that stream.  You're increditbly lucky that it came close to this planet, 
otherwise you might have kept traveling forever or landed on a real loser of a 
planet."

"Thanks," Kiyone said, "but it's just as well that I remained in that stream."  
She then plopped her head back on her pillow and covered her face.  "It's over."

Washu looked confused.  "What's over?" she asked.

"My career." Kiyone bemoaned.  "I didn't check for an update before going after 
Ryoko.  And now, she going to make charges of false arrest against me."

"I can't say I'd blame her," Washu added, "but don't worry.  She not going to 
press charges.  Believe me, your career still safe."

"S-she not?" Kiyone stood up, her puffy eyes showing relief.  "You were able to 
change her mind?"

Washu looked up, shrugged, "Nah, it wasn't me.  You know," she added, " you 
would think that Ryoko would listen to me, her own mother, Washu.  But noooooo, 
she has to listen to her boyfriend.  Which is fortunate for you."

Kiyone's eyes went wide.  "Washu?" she askes, "THE Washu? The greatest scientist 
in the galaxy?  The one that was kidnapped by Kagato?"

"In the universe, accually HAH-HA-HA-HA-HA!!" Washu laughed.  

Kiyone just groaned, but if she was right, then this would be the very same 
Washu that had created Ryoko in the first place, before she was kidnapped and 
her 'daughter' brainwashed by Kagato.  "How were you able to escape from 
Kagato?"

"You should thank your partner for that one.  But as for destroying that jerk 
Kagato, you should thank Tenchi for that one."

"You mean that boy?" Kiyone asked.  "He doesn't look that special to me."

Washu looked up.  "You're right about one thing.  He doesn't LOOK special," but 
then, a wistful look came over her eyes, "but then, he IS special.  He's 
unselfishly put his life on the line on more than one occasion, and has always 
came out as the victor, not only for us, but for this planet."

"I don't know," Kiyone said, looking in her bowl of miso soup, "I'll have to see 
THAT for myself." She then continued to eat her lunch, thinking of what Washu 
said.  She paused and said, "More than one occasion?"

"Yes."  Washu answered.  She then looked at the teal-haired and asked, "So? Do 
you have any plans in the future?  Mihoshi is going to be leaving for Galaxy 
Police Headquarters soon.  Are you going to be going with her?"

Kiyone then answered, "Yes.  I'm going have to get a complete physical workout 
after what has happened.  There's going to be some debriefing on the ultra-
energy matter affair, then to go visit my family.  I bet they'll be glad to see 
me after three years.  And then." she trailed off.

"And then?" Washu implored.

"And then," Kiyone then mumbled, "I can't believe I'm going to be saying this." 
Then she spoke up and said, "I'm going to see if I join Mihoshi here on this 
planet.  Somebody's has to keep an eye on so that she doesn't wreck anything 
while we're here.  And," she added, "if this boy Tenchi is as special as you 
claim, then I want to see it."

"Good girl." Washu said, smiling.  "So,"she asked, "can we expect you for 
dinner?  Sasami's making a special meal in your honor."

"If it's anything like this lunch," Kiyone says, smiling, "then count me in."

"YEA-HA!" Washu exclaimed.  She gets up and walks to the door.  "See you at 
dinner."  She pauses at the door and says, "And Kiyone?"

"Yes?"

Washu smiles again and says, "Welcome to our family."  She then steps out the 
door and slides it closed.

Family, Kiyone thought.  Welcome to TENCHI'S family.  Even though this family 
included Mihoshi, it felt good.

***

While all this was going on (don't worry, this is the last time!) --

Watching from her celestial hall in an unknown portion of some universe, Tokimi 
watches the events of the past two Earth days unfolded before her black within 
blue eyes.  A small smile graced her beautiful, yet sinister features.

"So.  Another player enters the game.  This should be interesting."


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EPILOGUE - A seedy tavern somewhere in the Jurai Empire
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-

A figure in a dark cloak settled next to another, smaller figure at the bar.  
The bartender walked up to the new person, only to get waved off by him.  The 
newcomer then turns to the smaller figure to his right and says in a low voice, 
"You're not an easy person to look for, Nagi."

The smaller person responds in a deep, yet female voice, "It depends.  What have 
you got to offer?"

The newcomer then says, "Let's go someplace where there are less prying ears.  I 
have something that might intrest you."

Nagi turns to the figure and says, "Okay.  But if this is some sort of trick."

"Don't worry your pretty head, my dear," the newcomer says, "I have no intention 
of violating you.  I have some information on a certain someone you've been 
looking seven hundred years for."

"Ryoko?" Nagi's attention peaked. "Where is she?"

"Not here, Nagi. Outside, in the back alley, where we won't be seen."  The 
newcomer then motioned his hand to follow him.

With a suspicious look in her red eyes, Nagi set down some coins on the bar, 
looked down at her feet and said, "Come, Ken-Ohki.  Let's see what he's got."  
Upon her command, a white cabbit with red eyes and a yellow gem on it's 
forehead.

Reaching the alley, Nagi places one hand on the pommel of her sword and says, 
"Okay, spill it.  What do you know about Ryoko?"

Reaching over to remove his hood, the newcomer is revealed to be a middle-aged 
man with long white hair, clear blue eyes, and a long white beard and says, "A 
lot.  I have the location of the planet she's on," he presents Nagi with a 
memory crystal, "and who she is in the company of."  He hands her a picture of a 
teenaged boy with black hair and brown eyes.

Nagi was amazed at the look of the newcomer, for she recognized him.  "Baron 
Kazamone?  You're a member of Jurai's Holy Council!  Then this is a file from 
the council."  She looked at the noble in amazement. "I could get into big 
trouble if I get caught with this."

Kazamone holds up his hands.  "Don't worry!  There is nothing on that crystal 
that will get you in trouble, other that than Ryoko's exact location."

"But why are you giving me this?" Nagi asks

"My son was killed by Ryoko when she attacked Jurai seven hundred years ago," 
the baron answered, "and I know that you want her dead as much as I.  I'm the 
one that's taking the risk here.  If it was known that it was me that stole that 
information, I would certainly be put to death as a traitor."

"Well then," Nagi replies, "if you risked so much for this, I'll gladly won't 
disappoint you.  But," she continues, "what about the boy?"

"I don't care what you do to him." the baron snorts.  "You can kill him too, for 
all I care.  As I see it, he's a willing confeterate to that bitch."  Kazamone 
then turns around and dissappears into the darkness.

Nagi watches as the noble walks away.  She then looks down towards the cabbit 
and says, "Well, Ken-Ohki?  It looks like we're going to do a little traveling."  
She then clenches her fists and says in a low rage-filled voice, "Soon Ryoko, 
I'm going to pay you back for all the pain you caused me.  And if anyone ever 
gets in between you and me --"  she slammed her fist hard against an exposed 
girder, bending it down the middle.


-----------------------------------------


9/11/01

FDNY-NYPD - The real heroes




 


        

  











 

  









  



    

 

   
