Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so no one sue me or anything,
okay?

Secrets in the Closet
Marron's Story
By Ryoko-Himesama

When her older relatives all left the room, Marron looked around for
something to do.  On her small quest, the couch got in her way and she fell
to the ground.  Hurt and crying Marron stumbled to where she could find an
adult: the closet under the stairs.  Unlike several other times her older
sisters had tried to get into the closet, Marron found the door unlocked.
She opened it and ran into the strangest place she had ever seen!
So enchanted was she by the world she had ever stumbled upon, that she
forgot that she had fallen and was looking for her mother.  She gawked at
the
strange animals in aquariums and cages.  Suddenly, something rubbed against
her leg.  She looked down and saw six half-cats, half-rabbit creatures.  The

first was brown and white, the second was pink and white, the third was teal

and white, the fourth was yellow and white, the fifth was indigo and white
and last was lavender and white.  Smiling, she reached down and picked up
the
smallest one that was pink and white.
The creature meowed and Marron petted it.  Suddenly, a light shot out
from her forehead and touched the forehead of the creature.  The two just
stared at each other for a few minutes before the light receded.
"Chibi-Ohki." Marron said, "Your name is Chibi-Ohki."
"Miya."
Marron smiled.  "I can't wait to tell mom!"
Marron picked up the cabbit and once again went off in search of her
mother.

Meanwhile, in another part of the lab, Washu was working on her computer,
when she felt a strange energy.  She quickly analyzed it.
"One of the new cabbits have bonded!" she thought "But that wasn't suppose
to
happen until Tenchi came to the throne!"
Washu stood up and raced to where the energy had been released.  She
found her youngest grandchild, Marron, holding Chibi-Ohki, the cabbit that
she wasn't supposed to see for years.

"Marron, dear, what are you doing in here?" asked Washu.
"I came to see Mommy and found Chibi-Ohki!" Marron exclaimed proudly.
The little girl failed to notice Washu's frown.
"Why don't we go talk to your mommy?" asked Washu as she bent down to the
child's height.
"Okay!" said the girl cheerfully, not taking her eyes off her new cabbit.
Washu picked up the girl and raced, yes raced, to the cave where Ayeka and
Ryoko had gone to yell at each other.

Five (Seconds) later, Washu, Marron, and Chibi-ohki were at the cave.
"Ryoko!" Washu called.
Ayeka called back from the inside of the cave.
"She's not here Washu!  What is it?"
"We have a problem."
"You're right we have a problem!" yelled Ayeka. "Mayuka, Tenko, and Himeko
know!"
"WHAT!"
"Tsunami said it was time to tell them all, among other things.  Tenko and
Himeko listened and knew some of it.  We told them the truth.  Then Ryoko
took Tenko to train her.  What's your problem?"
"Marron found a cabbit and bonded with her!  They are now telepathically
linked."
"WHAT!"
Marron continued on, obvious to the fact that her aunt was screaming at
Washu
for her stupidity at not watching the cabbits, for not watching the kids,
for
not keeping the closet door locked, and everything else she could think of
at
that moment.

Sasami had come out to see what commotion was and had managed to calm Ayeka
and Washu down.  Now the family was just waiting for the return of Ryoko and

Tenko in order to tell them the truth about their origins.
Finally, the family heard the sound of two people talking outside and they
knew that it was time to tell all their children the truth about their
family, their rank, their history, their home planet, their occupation, and
anything else that they could come up with.
Ryoko pushed open the door and she and Tenko came in.  Ryoko looked around
and knew it was time.  She saw her youngest, Marron, holding the cabbit that

she had intended for her.
"Chibi-Ohki." Said Ryoko.
"What?" asked Tenko before she spotted the cabbit as well.
"Washu, before we start this, bring in the other cabbits!" ordered Ryoko.
Washu produced a computer and typed up a few commands.  A portal opened and
the remaining five cabbits jumped out.  The yellow one went to Hoshiko, the
brown one went to Ryoko, the pink one went to Acheka, the teal one went to
Tenko, and the indigo one went to Mayuka.  Light filled the room as they
cabbits and their humans bonded.
"Megami-Ohki" said Mayuka.
"Hime-Ohki." Said Tenko.
"Ai-Ohki" said Acheka.
"Hoshi-Ohki." Said Hoshiko.
The girls looked up at Ryoko and she began the story.
"Two thousand years ago. . ."
