Meeting of the Minds
Key's Tale
By Ryoko-Himesama

We were understandably confused after Ryoko told us the story." Said Marron.

'But after awhile we got adjusted to it."
"You're up Key." Said Washu.
"Right." Said Key.  "My story is a little funny, actually, it started when
my
mother, Mihoushi, heard about Take You Daughter To Work Day.  The result
wasn't pretty.

Key stood next to her mother in the GP uniform that Mihoshi had managed
to find for her.  Naturally, she was worried.  After all, her mother wasn't
the brightest alien on Earth.

The trouble started when Mihoshi couldn't figure out how to work her cube.
"Mom, maybe you should watch the screen and let me try to work it." Said Key

nervously.
"I almost got it, honey." Said Mihoushi, not looking up from the cube.
Key took this opportunity to mental curse the insane lunatic who had
given her mother a license, the crazier one who had given her a badge, and
the person who invented Take Your Daughter To Work day.  Then, Key looked
out
the window.
"Kami-Sama! WE'RE GOING TO HIT!  MOM! DRIVE ALREADY!'
"Did you say something Key?" asked Mihoshi as she turned the cube one more
time.

On the other ship . . .
"Sir, a GP vehicle is moving towards us at a rapid speed."
"Avoid them."
"Sir! They have opened fire!"
"Return fire at once!"

"MOM! WHAT DID YOU DO!?  They're SHOOTING at us!"
"Why?"
"MOM!"
Key angerily pushed her mother out of the way and took over the controls.
She started backing away from the firing ship, at warp speed.
At this particular moment, Mihoshi decided to turn the cube one more time.
The result of this mistake was Key and Mihoshi sailing across the galaxy at
high speeds, in the opposite direction of Yukenojo.
"YOU HIT THE PILOT EJECT!" yelled Key as they came to a stop . . . right on
the ship they had been trying to escape from.

On Earth . . .
"Where did Mihoshi and Key go?" asked Washu as she passed Sasami.
"Oh, Mihoshi took Key to work in honor of "Take your daughter to work day."
"WHAT?"
"She took Key to Outer Space to show her the ups and downs of her job."
"And you let her?  Are you crazy?" asked Washu.
"I tried to reason with her." Said Ryoko "I feel sorry for that poor kid."
"It's not just that!" said Washu.  "Mihoshi isn't with the galaxy police
anymore!  She had to quit when we all went into hiding!  They let her keep
Yukenojo and her cube as memories, but her license to drive ANY spaceship
must have expired years ago!"
Washu held out her hands and her keyboard appeared under them.
"I've got a fix on their location!  Ryoko, go and bring them back!"
"Right." Said Ryoko as she walked through the portal that Washu had created.

Ryoko yanked them off the spaceship and flew the two of them back to
Yukenojo, where she took the wheel to get them home.  Key and Ryoko also
confiscated Mihoshi's cube and tied her up in the back, just in case.

Tiara fell over laughing and all the others soon joined her.  When the group

recovered enough to talk, Tiara asked, "Who's next?"
"I am." Said Acheka.
