Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so no one sue me or anything,
okay?

Memories
Mayuka's Tale

Mayuka was hanging by the collar of her shirt as Ryoko demanded "Who was
that
creature!"
"I don't know!" said Mayuka.
Ryoko dropped her and she just kept falling.   The next thing Mayuka knew,
she was choking Tenchi while Sasami yelled at her to stop.  She attacked a
girl she didn't recognize and the girl sent a bolt of lighting her way,
destroying her.
Mayuka woke up in a cold sweat.  Ryoko was shaking her.
"Mayuka! Oh good you're awake." She said.
Mayuka nodded.
"Another nightmare?" Ryoko asked.
"Hai." Said Mayuka.
"Wanna tell me about it?"
"You were holding me by my collar and asking me questions.  Only, you were
flying and then you dropped me.  Then I was choking Tenchi.  Then I attacked

a weird girl and she tried to kill me."
Ryoko frowned.  She hated to keep secrets from her stepdaughter, but it was
better then telling her that her nightmares were in truth memories of that
terrible day.
"Yuzha, if you weren't dead, I'd kill you." Swore Ryoko.
Aloud she said, "May-chan, Auntie Sasami must have breakfast ready for us."
"Let's go!" said Mayuka, as she forgot the nightmare.
Ryoko smiled, This Mayuka reminded her so much of the 16 year old she had
once been before . . . thank God Washu had brought her back to them.
Mayuka ran downstairs and saw her cousins, aunts, and uncles sitting around
the table, except for one.
"Where's Washu-Chan?" she asked.
"She, uh, is still working on cleaning out the closet." Said Ayeka
nervously.
"I still don't understand why you all don't let me help her." Said Mayuka,
"You even lock the closet door so I can't get in!"
"It's for the best dear." Said Ayeka sternly.
"You'd think after five years she'd be done." Said her oldest cousin, Tenko,

who had just turned twelve.
"Anyway." Said Hiwa, "It's time all of you got to school."
"Hai!" said all the children.

The Misaki children stood waiting for the bus.  They were a large family
with
many children.  Mayuka, the oldest, was the daughter of Tenchi Auhza from
another marriage.  Ryoko, his current wife, had had four children:  Tenko,
Acheka, Hoshiko, and Marron.  Yosho, Tenchi's uncle,  and Washu had one
daughter, Sumire.  Kione and Nobuki, Tenchi's father, had had a daughter
named Momoko.  Ayeka, a widow and Ryoko's former sister- in-law, had two
children: Himeko and Wakaba.  Sasami, Ayeka's sister and also a widow, had
two daughters named Mirei and Sunshine.  Mihoushi, Kione's sister and a
widow, had a daughter named Key (short for Kione).  Hiwa, Washu's widowed
sister, had a daughter named Felicia.  Also in the house lived Yugi, Sasami
and Ayeka's niece; Azaka, Ryoko's uncle; and Kamidake, Ayeka's cousin.
Theirs was a large family.  Her father, Tenchi, was a painter who toured the

world, visited from time to time.  She lived in Japan and trained with her
stepmother when she wasn't going to school.  She often suffered from
nightmares and was afraid of heights.  Her favorite time of the year was
Christmas and she had a hate for the Summer Star Festival.
She was in history class and her teacher was talking about old myths.  She
was thinking about her latest nightmare when she became aware that the
teacher was right next to her.
Misaki Mayuka!  Will you tell us the legend of the demon of the Misaki
shrine?"
"Demon of the Misaki shrine?" she asked.
"Surely you know of the old legend." Said her teacher.  "It's been passed
for
generation to generation of the Misakis.  Your father, Tenchi, was quiet
familiar with it."
"I've never heard of it." Said Mayuka, perplexed.  None of her family had
ever mentioned it, not ever Hiwa who loved a good story.
"Ms. Misaki  tell us the story or you go to the office."
"I've honesty never heard of it."
Fifteen minutes later, Mayuka was in the office and she was beginning to
doze
off.  Losing the battle, she fell asleep.
All of Mayuka's aunts, save Kione, and Azaka and Kamidake were standing with

a three-year old version of her in a hallway.  With them were baby versions
of Tenko and Himeko, a strange looking girl that almost looked like a
rabbit,
and two woman Mayuka had never seen before.  It appeared they were in a
large
castle.  Ryoko and Washu were discussing something.  Mayuka only caught a
few
words.

". . .  space pirate… attacker . . . Jurai. .  . . dead . . . 1st Queen of

Jurai, . . .  daughter . . . Mayuka! . . .illegitimate . . . demon  . . .
Prince Yosho .  . . Crowned Princess . . . only three years old!  . . .
protect her!"
"What does she mean?" wondered Mayuka.

Meanwhile, at the Misaki house, Ryoko was laying on her usual perch, the
roof of the Misaki home.  It was one of the rare times that she could,
because now a days she had to keep her powers hidden from all the Misaki
children.  If they knew about them, they would ask questions and eventually
they would ask something they couldn't know for years: their royal heritage.

Whenever Tenchi came to visit, he came in a small shuttle and had to land
some distance away in order not to tip the kids off.  It was also very hard
not to hide the fact that none of the adults aged, except for Sasami who was

slowing becoming Tsunami.  In fact, the girls had had to make themselves
look
older because it would be strange to see a 17 year old with more then one
child and Sasami looked no older then 14!  Even Washu had had to give up her

childish disguise for her older self when Sumire reached a certain age.
Suddenly, Ryoko's line of thought stopped when an image appeared in front
of her.  Ryoko gasped. "Tsunami!"
"Hello Princess Ryoko."
"I haven't seen you in ages, what are you doing here?"
"I have come to ask you a favor concerning Mayuka.  I want you to tell her
about a certain Startica that took place 16 years ago."
Ryoko stared at the Goddess.  Then stammered out "Are you out of your mind,
Tsunami!  We all agreed she'd never know about that if we could help it!"
"Mayuka's nightmares are become more frequent and more informative.  You
have
no choice but to tell her for if you don't, she will tell the other children

of our heritage.  However, if you do, you can make her promise not to
discuss
it with anyone until it is the right time."
"She's so young." Said Ryoko.
"Mayuka is 16 again!  When she turns 18 she will have a full memory of that
day, her mother, Jurai, Startica, Yuzha's realm, her death, and even your
actions.  It is not wise to postpone the truth any longer!  Tell her!"
"Okay, Tsunami, I'll tell her when she gets home."

After the principal had chewed her out for falling asleep in school and
disobeying her teacher, Mayuka was sent home.  She walked along the path,
sulking all the way, when a voice stopped her.
"May-chan!"
"Ryoko?" she thought and looked around, but found no sign of her stepmother.

She continued walking when she heard a giggle.  Suddenly, arms wrapped
around
her shoulders and pulled her up into the air.  Mayuka gasped in shock.  She
and Ryoko were flying!  Suddenly, Mayuka remembered her fear of heights.
"Please! Put me down!" Mayuka was shocked to realize she hadn't said the
words, but they were from a memory long forgotten.  If only she could grasp
it . . .
"You and Tenchi were in a trance." Began Ryoko.  "You were not yourself and
I
stopped you to save Tenchi.  Then . . ."
"Then you grabbed me and flew up over the lake.  You asked me what I had
been
doing and I didn't know.  Then you dropped me."
Mayuka looked up and saw Ryoko softly crying.
"I watched you fall and you became unconcious.  I flew down and grabbed you
at the last minute and put you in the tallest tree I could find to scare
you."
"I woke up that evening and started screaming.  Yosho got me out of the
tree.
 Then I ran back to the house and attacked you, but you were far stronger
then me."
"Tenchi got between us, but I was out of control trying to protect him from
you.  He slapped me and I stopped and went to the old tree to hide for
awhile.  Then, you tried it again.  This time Washu and Yosho helped me.
Tenchi got mad at me when he woke up to find me holding you by your collar
and then you ran off."
"Yuzha took complete control for the last time.  I kidnapped Sasami and took

her to her so Yuzha could get Tenchi to her realm and you came with him.  I
attacked you both because I had no choice.  Then Sasami broke Yuzha's
control
and Yuzha got very mad as I denounced her and Startica."
"Yuzha tried to kill you, but thanks to Washu, you came back as a baby.  We
all raised you, happy to have you back.  We never mentioned Startica to you
all your life.  The reason you hate the Japanese Summer Star Festival is
because it is so much like Startica.  We never told you because we didn't
want to hurt you.  You see, Yuzha was your mother and Tenchi was your
father.
 Yuzha created you for the sole purpose of destroying Tenchi, but she died.

However, we have celebrated Christmas every year."
"It was my dream to celebrate Christmas with you all and I thank you that
you
have allowed me to."
"We wouldn't dream of doing anything else, May-chan, we all love you."
"Can we continue this conversation on the ground?"
"Sure."
Ryoko flew downward and set Mayuka on the ground.
"Now I have to tell you things about me and all the others in this house.
Said Ryoko. "Much like you I was once controlled by other, a man named
Kagato.  I did terrible things in those years.  Space Pirating, Killing, and

Mindless Destruction.  Unlike you, I wasn't able to break free for
centuries.
 Then I attacked Jurai.  To make a long story short, Tenchi killed Kagato.
Ayeka, Mihoushi, Washu, Kione, Sasami, Yugi, Yosho, and myself were all born

off planet.  Tenchi is Yosho's grandson and heir to planet Jurai, the
Crowned
Prince.  In another seven years, he will gain the throne.  Ayeka, Sasami,
Mihoshi, Hiwa, and I are all married to Tenchi.  I am his first wife and the

Crowned Princess of Jurai.  One day I will be the 1st Queen or Empress.
 Many
people are not happy that I, the destroyer of Jurai, am the 1st Queen and
seek to destroy me.  Along with me, my children are targets and you as well
since you are ½ demon.  We all came here to protect you all until Tenchi
get
the throne.  When that happens you will be Crowned Princess.  I want to ask
you not to tell any of your siblings in order to protect them.  Also, don't
tell anyone else or I'd be in trouble for telling you this.  Do you
understand?"
"Hai, Ryoko."
"Good."
"Ryoko?"
"Yes?"
"You're a demon too right?"
"Yes, I am."
"Will you train me?"
"Sure, just don't tell Ayeka or she'd have my head."
"Okay."

"That's great Mother!" said Tiara to Mayuka. "You would almost think it was
true!"
Ryoko and Mayuka shared a knowing look.
"Who's next?" asked Mihoshi.
"I'll go" said another girl with purple hair
"Let's hear it Himeko!" said Ryoko..
