Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so no one sue me or anything,
okay?
Hidden Truth:
Himeko's Story
By Ryoko-Himesama

Auntie Ryoko and Mayuka came in around supper time and my mother gave Ryoko
a
long look.  Ryoko was in trouble, anyone could tell.  However, mother didn't

say anything, I can only guess that that comes later.
"After dinner, Ryoko and I will be helping Washu clean out the closet." Said

Mother with a stare in Ryoko's direction.  Ryoko gulped.
I was reminded of another time, when a strange meowing rabbit had hopped out

of the closet.  My mother and grabbed the rabbit by the ears and stormed
into
the closet, yelling at Washu.  Himeko had never seen the strange animal
again.
"So, what has Sasami made for dinner?" Tenko asked nervously, seeing the
tension between her mother and mine.
"It's a surprise." Said little Marron, the youngest member of the family.
"So, Mayuka, have you had any nightmares lately?" asked Ayeka.
Mayuka stuttered, Ryoko gulped, and even Washu looked slightly uneasy.
"You didn't." said mother.
Ryoko looked sheepish.
"YOU DID! YOU TOLD HERAREYOUANIDIOT?HOWCOULDYOU!YOUPROMISED!"
Mother jumped up and pulled Ryoko away by her ear, pulling Washu with her on

the way.
"We're going to go call Tenchi and tell him about this! But first we'll
talk!" she yelled.
"Kids," said Sasami, "You'll have to serve yourselves tonight.  We adults
have something to discuss."
Sasami, Mihoshi, Kione, Azaka, Kamidake, Yugi, and Hiwa ran off to save
Ryoko
or to chew her out.
"What was that about?" asked Hoshiko as she looked at the retreating
parents.
"I don't know." Said Tenko in surprise. "But I think they could be awhile.
Let's go now Himeko."
I smiled.  Tenko and I had been planning this for a week: sneaking off to
look at the cave that Ryoko had forbidden us from going to.  Tenko said she
had dug up some information on the cave.  There was a legend about a demon
locked up in there and we were going to go look at it.
We approached the cave quietly and Tenko unlocked the gate.  From deep
within
the cave, he heard someone screaming.  Strangely, it sounded like my own
mother.  As they got closer to the sound, I was positive it was in fact her
mother.
"Ryoko! When Tenchi finds out about this, he's gonna be so mad at you!
 He'll
probably make me 1st Queen instead of you!"
"Calm down Ayeka!  Tsunami asked me to!"
"That isn't  . . . What?"
"Tsunami told me to!"
"Why on Earth would she do that?"
"I have a feeling it's a bad sign.  She must want me to train Mayuka to use
her power and that means . . ."
"That means that we will need that power."
"Indeed you will need that power very soon." Said a voice that sounded like
Sasami's.  "Ryoko must fully train Mayuka and all her daughters for your
exile here will end soon and they must know how to lose their powers by
then.
 I also see danger coming even before the exile is over.  The time has come
to tell them all.  Mayuka was only the first now, you must tell Himeko and
Tenko.  C'mon out girls!" she called cheerfully.
"How did she know?" mouthed Tenko.
"I don't know." I replied.
Suddenly, Ryoko was right in front of us, we had no idea how she had gotten
there.
"I don't believe this!" said Ryoko.  "I told you two never to come out here
and yet here you are, eavesdropping on us!"
"Misaki Himeko! You are so in trouble!" said mother and I gulped.
Ryoko pulled both of us down into the main part of the cave to face the
music.  Mother was seething below.
"Punish her later Ayeka, we have to tell them now."
"Tell us what?" asked Tenko.
"Girls." Began Ryoko, "We're all alien princesses."
A few seconds of silence passed, then both of us started laughing.
"I'm serious you two!" said Ryoko.
"Okay, enough of the jokes, just tell us what we have to do as
punishment."
Ryoko sighed.  "I suppose I have no choice."
Ryoko vanished and I stared in shock at where she had been.  Suddenly, I
was lifted into the air by the back of my shirt.  Beside me, Tenko was in a
similar predicament.  Ryoko flew upward and I cringed, preparing for meeting

the top of the cave.  Nothing happened.  I opened my eyes and saw that we
were soaring high above the cave.
"Y-You were telling the truth." Stammered Tenko.
"Yes." Said Ryoko. "And you can fly too."
"I can?" I asked.
"No, not you.  Just Tenko and my other children.  However, you inherited
all of Ayeka's powers and some of Tenchi's."
"Teach me." Said Tenko.
"Of  course." Said Ryoko. "Do you mind if I drop you off back in the cave
so Ayeka can train you, Himeko?"
"Go ahead." I said.
"Now both you girls have to promise not to tell anyone about this or show
them your powers unless we tell you otherwise.  We'll explain it all later."

Ryoko swooped down and back into the cave.  She left me at my mother's
feet and took Tenko back up for her own training.

"Wow!" said Tiara.  "What happened next?"
"I believe that that is Marron's story." Said Ryoko.
"I'll do my best, but I was only seven years old at that time." Said Marron.
