Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so no one sue me or anything,
okay?

Royal Siblings: Earth Saga

Prologue: Protection Programs

"Tiara!  Your aunts and cousins are here!"  called a woman with long red
hair.
A small girl with purple hair ran outside as a large spaceship descended
in her front yard.  A group of people exited and the girl hugged each and
everyone of them.  The group then movie inside to talk.
"Let's have a story contest!" demanded Tiara.
"Okay." Said the same red haired girl.  I will go first:

In a palace renowned as the capital of the cosmos, two woman, four
teenagers, two girls, two toddlers, two logs, and two men quietly walked
down
a hallway in silence.  Two of the teenagers were holding babies.  A
red-haired girl ran up to meet them.
"Dowager Empress  Funaho and Dowager Empress Misaki!" she said.  "I'm so
sorry about your husband."
"It's okay, Princess Washu."  said one of the two women, "Azuha lived a long

life and he had no regrets.  He got to see his daughters married." said
Funaho, looking wisely at one of the teenagers and a girl.  "And he got to
see his grandchildren, well one of them anyway, and two great-great
grandchildren."
"Too bad Tenchi can't come."
"His place as the heir to Jurai is here.  He will inherit it in twenty Earth

years, when he comes into his full power.  However, neither he nor any of
you, save the youngest ones, will age in that time.
"I just feel bad about leaving Tenchi here." said a cyan haired girl.
"You were once the most wanted space pirate in the universe, the attacker of

Jurai!  Several here would see you dead before they see you as 1st Queen of
Jurai, my daughter." said Washu.  "And if you don't think of yourself, think

of Mayuka!  She is the illegitimate daughter of the demon who tried to
spirit
Prince Yosho away years ago and another Juraian prince.  She will also be
Crowned Princess when Tenchi takes the throne and she is only three years
old!  You have to take her someplace safe to protect her!"
"Okay, I understand me and Mayuka, but what about them?" asked Ryoko
"Ryo-ohki also helped you demolish Jurai, though unwillingly.  Hiwa, of
course, wants to see her homeland again.  Sasami wants to be with Mayuka.
Yugi follows Sasami everywhere and she herself destroyed some of Jurai
before
you got to it.  Ayeka wants to join her sister.  Mihoushi is just coming.
Azaka and Kamidake, both pairs, are charged with protecting future queens."
"Alright." Said Ryoko unwillingly.
"Listen up! You girls are moving in with me, Yosho, Kione, Nobuki, and the
little ones, Sumire and Momoko.  Yosho, is, of course, my husband and Sumire

is my girl.  Kione and Nobuki are married and acting as our sister and
brother-in-law.  All of you will be your sisters, except for Azaka and
Kamidake, who will act as our uncle and cousin.  All of you, will be
widowed,
with the exception of Ryoko, who's husband is away.  Since Tenchi will visit

from time to time, we'll say he is her husband.  Understand?"
"Hai." They all said, except Ayeka.
"Why do we have to say Tenchi is married to Ryoko!"
"Because he is." Said Washu, "And you know it is customary on Earth to marry

only one, while Tenchi has married five.  Since Ryoko is the Crowned
Princess
and will be first Queen, she gets that position."
Ayeka frowned, but didn't retaliate.  Washu smiled.
"I'm glad you agree, but we have to go now.  Time is of the essence and no
one can know where you all are going."
"I agree." Said Funaho.
"Bye Mommy!"  Said Ayeka and Sasami.  They raced through a closet door that
Washu had just opened., in order to avoid a prolonged goodbye from Misaki.
"Sayonara!" said Yugi as she raced after Sasami.
"Miya!" said Ryo-ohki and she too was gone.
Ryoko grabbed Mayuka with her free hand and pushed Mihoushi through with her

elbow before following her.
"This portal will seal itself up as soon as I close it." Said Washu. "When
Tenchi visits, send him quietly in a small spaceship."
"Hai, Princess Washu." Said Funaho as she smiled at her daughter-in-law.
"Just because I married Yosho, doesn't mean I'm a Princess.
Funaho just smiled.
"I'm not!" said Washu as she jumped through the portal and closed it before
Misaki could get in her two cents.

On the other side, Washu put a small object on Mayuka's head, thus erasing
her memory of the incident for her own good.

"Whatcha think?" asked Washu.
"I think it's my turn." Said a cyan haired girl.
"Go right ahead daughter." Said Washu.
"Let's tell one together, okay Mayuka?"
"Sure!"
