Disclaimer:  The characters in this fic are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  Enjoy the story, and try to stay with it.  As always, even I 
never know where my stories are going until the very end.  


Tenchi Muyo!
Rulers of Destiny
Chapter 2:  Pawns


	Tenchi sat beside Mihoshi as he starred sincerely into Ayeka's 
eyes.  "Ayeka, I really need your help.  Please say you will stay and 
help me," he pleaded.

     	Ayeka curled her lip in thought as tears flowed down her cheek.  
Two tears trailing down like the dew would off a leaf.  "Tenchi," she 
mumbled.  "I am sorry I can't.  You are asking me to abandon my sister 
and I won't do that."

	Tenchi sighed and defeat.  "Then it is settled.  We all go, but 
Grandpa and my dad will stay to watch Ryoko."  Just as Tenchi spoke the 
phone rang.  Tenchi got up and slowly answered during the third ring.  
"Hello Masaki residence," he answered casually.

	"Tenchi!" a man's voice called on the other line.  "I am glad I 
caught you.  Well, I won't be home for a while.  The strangest thing 
just happened.  A snowstorm hit out of nowhere and we are snowed in.  
The trains are down.  I will be home as soon as it let's up but the 
forecast is claiming it will be this way for at least two days."

	Tecnhi sighed again.  This wasn't going like he thought.  
Everyone, but his grandpa has turned him down.  "I understand dad.  I 
hope you make it back safe.  When you get in, we will be out.  We are 
taking a short trip.  Ryoko will be here.  Can you watch out for her 
dad?" he asked.

  	"I will when I get there, son.  Is something wrong with her?" 

  	"It's just that I have a bad feeling," Tenchi said.

	"Okay, son.  I better go.  I will talk to you later."

	"Bye, dad!" Tenchi said and put the phone down.  He turned to the 
group that was sitting starring at him.  "Let's pack everything we will 
need and move out," he ordered and looked around to notice Ryoko wasn't 
among the group.  He decided it was the best.  These dreams of her have 
been haunting her every time she closes her eyes.  Tenchi walked over 
to the Kitchen and picked up the Tenchiken.  Glancing at the 
refrigerator he saw the calendar.  It read "June," Tenchi's eyes 
widened in suspicion.  How could there be a blizzard in the middle of 
June.  It was like their foe was manipulating events to get his prey.  
Tenchi ran upstairs.  His heart paced with every step.  He reached the 
top to see Ryoko standing facing away from him looking out the window.
	"Ryoko, please come with us!" he said taking a few short breaths.

	"Sasami will be killed if I go.  I can stay," she said sadly.  
"You just come back here alive," she said, but still did not face him.

	"Ryoko, I know I will be all right, but I just know this is a 
ploy to get you alone.  Now stop being stubborn on Sasami and come with 
us," he said a little frustrated.

	"I can't Tenchi.  This is my destiny.  I can feel it.  But 
instead of being afraid of it, I am more excited for it to happen.  My 
heart races for it to happen," she smiled and turned to face him.  
"Whatever happens, we will always be together."

	"Ryoko." he stopped as she traced her hand down his cheek.  

	"Good bye!" she whispered and turned back toward the window.  "It 
is better we get this over with."

	"Ryoko," Tenchi called out and turned her quickly toward him.  He 
starred deep into her golden eyes firmly.  "We will not just let end.  
Have faith!  I will come back and we will stop all of this, I promise 
you that," he said grinding his teeth after every word.

	Ryoko nodded slowly.  She was afraid.  She has never seen him 
worry over her like this.  He seemed to know something about her fate 
that she didn't know, but she was determined to find out.  "Tenchi, 
there is something you aren't telling me," she said sternly.

	Tenchi stepped back in surprise.  "What do you mean?" he mumbled.  

	
	"Tell me about the dream," she said harshly.  Her voice was 
rising to a snarl as she turned to face him.  Tenchi jumped back he 
never seen her so aggressive like this before.

	"I can't!" he fought back with a cry Ryoko settled down at his 
yelling words and turned back toward the window.  

	"Go!" she uttered in a snake like whisper.

	"Ryoko?" Tenchi called to her taking a few steps toward her.  

	"Tenchi" she sobbed.  "I am changing as we speak.  I have no 
control over my emotions anymore.  It is like I am becoming a new 
person."

	"Correction, you are becoming your old self," came a singing 
high-pitched voice.  

	Tenchi and Ryoko both looked around for the owner of the voice, 
but saw no one.    The two sighed and shook it off.  

	"Down here!" called the voice again.  "On the window seal."

	Tenchi and Ryoko looked down to see a pretty little being 
standing in front of them.  She had golden blonde hair that glittered 
in the sunlight.  Her eyes were beautiful with traces of silver in her 
pupils.  The little woman's body was slender and traced in perfection 
with green dress that rest on her shoulders to her mid thigh.  It was 
traced in a bright violet.  Her skin was tanned, but also glittered 
like her hair did.  Then, they noticed two crystal clear objects 
sticking out of her back like the wings of a butterfly.  Traces of gold 
outlined the wings shape.

	"Who are you?" Tenchi asked awestruck.

	"I am Maley, Princess of all the Fairies," she bowed graciously 
to greet them.  Her eyes shined up in awe herself and she took to the 
air in a mad rush.  Ryoko jumped back in fright as the little fairy 
flew toward her.  "Don't be afraid, Miss!" Maley pleaded.  "We met 
before, but it was dark when I last saw you.  I am just curious."

	"Curious of what?" asked a nervous Ryoko.

	"If you are really the one chosen as the queen of destiny," came 
the fairy's reply.  

	"What do you mean?" jumped in Tenchi.

	"I can't saw a lot, but Ryoko is neither of this mortal world or 
of the Gods world.  Therefore, she is the perfect one to be chosen as 
the bride of destiny."

	"I don't understand.  You are speaking in riddles," Ryoko said.

	The little fairy flew in between them and spoke, "You were not 
created by God as a mortal or born into this world.  Washu is not your 
mother as she claims to be.  Yes, she created you, but she was mortal 
when she did so you have no god-like abilities.  Also, you could not 
even attempt to harness the power of the gems for that very reason.  
No, another created your spirit.  A being who is your true mother who 
used Washu's created body to give your spirit a home.  This woman is my 
Goddess and I am her servant.  Her name is Tokimi."  

	"What?" shrieked an enraged Tenchi.  He was about to grab the 
fairy, but Maley looped under his hand.  

	"Listen to me!" she screamed.  Tenchi froze as she took her spot 
in between them.  Ryoko stood still pondering all of this information, 
and trying to find the truth in it.

	"Why should I?" Tenchi challenged.
	"Because Tokimi has been watching over Ryoko since the day she 
was born.  Unfortunately Tokimi's heart is torn.  She feels guilty for 
not being able to help Ryoko against Kagato.  You see, there is 
destiny, a man who has no name that harnessed a power even the gods 
themselves could not control.  He is the last of a dead race of 
mortals, but he is after you, Miss Ryoko."  The fairy starred deeply 
into Ryoko's eyes trying to find the darkness that would make the woman 
in front of her give birth to the one that would destroy all of 
existence.  

	"Why me?"  Ryoko asked feeling like she was being accused, but of 
what.

	"You are supposedly made with the same DNA and features of a 
female of his ancient race.  Legends say the night your body was 
created Washu was under his control as it was truly he that made your 
design."

	Ryoko grabbed her head tightly and took a few steps back.  "This 
is insane!" she screamed and teleported away.  

	"Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted after her.  

	"Let her go, young prince," Maley suggested.  "I am sent her by 
Tokimi herself to see Ryoko's safety and to deliver you a message."

	"What message?" Tenchi asked in interest as he turned to the 
pretty little fairy behind him. 

	"Tokimi does not have Sasami.  It was a ploy to get you to go 
after and kill her so she can't interfere with his plans.  The red 
sorcerer you saw has her, but we are not sure why he would do such a 
thing. His name is Gantis."

	Tenchi turned away in confusion.  He took a few paces the other 
way and stopped.  He turned back.  "This is too odd.  I mean a little 
fairy telling us about sorcerers.  It sounds like it came out of a 
fantasy book," he exclaimed in disbelief.

	"Books originate from somewhere," the little fairy grinned.  

	Tenchi scratched his chin and took in what she said.  "Maybe, but 
why go to the trouble to stage us on a wild goose chase?"

	Maley flew in front of Tenchi and stood still on his nose so her 
eyes could meet his.  "It is very simple.  How else do you send the 
guardians of the woman, who is his bride to be, away?"  She watched as 
Tenchi contemplated what she said.  Then she spoke, "The Dark One wants 
his bride to be, Ryoko, to come to him.  The best way to do that is to 
take away everything she loves and get her at her weakest moment.  
Besides she is designed to love him.  She is a female of his race, and 
therefore her instincts will guide her.  It is very dangerous to leave 
her alone, but that is why I am here.  I am here to try and convince 
her to take her to my kingdom, where mortals can't enter without being 
invited in first."

	Tenchi shrugged at her words, "But if this Dark One is as 
powerful as he sounds can't he just break the spell or whatever it is 
that keeps him out of your world?"

	"Tenchi, he is powerful because he controls fates, nothing more.  
He has powers similar to Jurains and a race called the Bruhan, 
creatures of mystical powers like flying, shape changing, and spell 
casting like the sorcerers.  You see why the other races wiped out his 
race.  They were so powerful, but the other races rebelled in a huge 
battle that they called, War of Annihilation.  In the end of the war, 
the Bruhan were destroyed out of existence, or so the races thought.  
However, one survived.  He is nameless in legend, but everyone knows he 
took the sacred crystal with the power to control fate.  Three powerful 
sorceresses guarded this crystal.  These women were the most powerful 
of sorcerers alive and so mortals in the universe called them Gods.   
These women are Tsunami, Washu, and Tokimi."    
***
	Two men stood in the great hall.  One stood looking into a golden 
panel of the great towering walls.   He looked young, but his eyes told 
all of his knowledge and age.   He was dressed in a long sapphire robe 
that lapped over his violet garments underneath.  He turned to face the 
man behind him.  The man looked like a court jester from the middle 
ages.  His face was painted white and his lips touched in black ink.   
His eyes were cover in red paint with the shape of diamonds that sloped 
over his cheeks.  A smile drooled over his face.  His jester suit was 
also a diamond plaid decorated in black and red colors.  His hands were 
thin and skinny and gloved in white silk.   His jester hat ringed with 
the bells at the end of every strand as the wind blew from the windows 
at the top of the giant hall.  

	"The man who controls fate moves again," said the young man in 
blue.  He started pulling on his long blonde hair.  

	"So he does, as you have bid, sir!" bowed the jester with a 
sinister smile.  The man turned around at the jester's comment.

	"Xyross, find our friend of fate and tell him that I need to see 
him."

	"As you wish," giggled the strange painted man.  He vanished from 
sight as his laugh echoed through the great hall.
***
	Lord Katsuhito stood still looking down at the Masaki house.  
Hearing a strange wind blow around him her turned to see nothing.  
Then, looked back at the house below him.

	"Getting a little nervous, aren't we nameless one," giggled a 
high-pitched voice of a man.  It was cold and filled with excitement, 
but heartless.

	"Xyross," the man laughed to himself.  "Show yourself to me, or 
shall I make you come out," said Lord Katsuhito as his flesh melded 
into a man dressed in a whit military like uniform.  

	"Well, fate controller, you can't exactly do that," smiled the 
jester benevolently.

	"And why not you annoying fly," said the man annoyed with the 
jester's over confidence.

	"Because my master has a job for you," smiled the jester.

	"You sorcerers are getting on my nerves," he sighs in defeat, 
"what is it?"

	"Take control of the council for us," smiled the jester.
	
	The man's eyes sharpen at the words.  "Control the council, why?  
Your master already has them doing what he wants."

	"Yes, but this is what I want," grinned the jester.

	"You can't tell me what to do.." His face tightens and starts to 
bubble.  "AHHHHHHH!!!" screams the man of fate.  

	"You forget how you got that crystal, my dear boy," giggled the 
jester.  

	"What do you mean?" he grasps rubbing his face that has returned 
to its original shape.  

	Xyross grins mischievously.  "I mean that I know about you 
Belanon.  I know who raised you."

	Belanon gives Xyross a confused look.  "You lie!" he snarls and 
raises his hand.

	Xyross stares at his hand and twitches his head to the side 
watching as the hand follows the movement of his head.  

	"AHHHHHHH!!!" screams Belanon in pain as his hand is cracking 
from the pressure caused by it twisting.  "How?"

	Xyross stops and straightens his head.  "I have been alive longer 
than any of you men.  And soon the gate will open and my kind will rule 
and reign like we did those many years ago.  Now, tell me, your race 
was wiped out of existence.  Work with me and not my so-called master 
and I can give you Ryoko."

	"She is here.  I don't need to bargain with a low rate wizard as 
yourself."

	"Low rate?" giggles benevolently.  "Yet, I am the only wizard 
that can fight your fate crystal and your magic were others have 
failed."

	Belanon stares at him unmoved by his threatening words.  "What 
are you?"
 
	Xyross stands in front of him were their faces touch, his lips 
blowing at his own words into Belanon's ears.  "You will find out soon 
enough, and when you do, you will know yourself.   I promise.  You have 
no choice but to work for me if you want to solve the riddles of your 
own existence and how you survived the Great War."

	Belanon scratches his chin.  "You do have an offer, but not good 
enough clown," he insults in great pride.

	Xyross shakes his head tauntingly.  "That's too bad.  You have 
already failed in your perfect plan."

	Belanon steps up and turns Xyross to face him.  "What do you 
mean, clown?"

	Xyross smiles triumphantly.  "You can't get your precious girl if 
she is taken to the world of the Fairies.  Someone else will have to go 
in there to get her for you, and who better than me.  So you do what I 
ask and I do what you ask.  It's a perfect deal," he says holding his 
hand out to Belanon.

	Belanon looks down at his hand in disgust.  Then, takes a quick 
look at the jester's dark eyes.  "It's a deal," and shakes his hand.  
"Now, what do I have to do?"

	"That's easy.  Kill my so-called master and break the black vile 
that hangs around his neck."

	Belanon's eyes shine in interest.  "What is in this strange 
vile?" 

	Xyross frowns at the question and then smiles greedily.  "Sorry, 
dear chap.  You have your secrets and I have mine."

	"Very well, Xyross.  Then, give me one request."

	"And that is?" Xyross asked impatiently.

	"Bring that girl to me.  I will like to watch her," Belanon 
smiles.

	Xyross seeming frustrated with the request asks, "And what will 
you give me?"

	"Your life," Belanon replies threateningly.  

	"It seems like a fair offer, but why do you need the girl?" he 
scowls.

	"I plan on a little bit of bloodshed, but not unnecessary 
bloodshed.   I don't trust you; your heart is filled with darkness.  
She is for my protection," Belanon warns.

	"Done!" Xyross claps once.  "She is yours, but only after you 
kill the blue sorcerer.  You are changing my plans, as you already 
know.  Kill him by tonight and she is yours.  Until tonight, dear 
Belanon."  He blows a kiss and vanishes with the blowing wind.

	Belanon shivers at that cold wind that blows away.  "You are up 
to something Xyross.  Well, my plans will have to be put on hold.  I 
have to find out what that jester is up to," as soon as he spoke, he 
too vanished into the wind.
***
	Ryoko sat on a tree looking down into the lake.  Her mind was 
full of thoughts.  Something about her felt different and it terrified 
her.  She rubbed her red dress thoroughly as a cold wind blew past her.  

	"You must be the beautiful, Ryoko," came a voice, that was shaky 
with insanity.

	Ryoko turned around to see a strange man dressed in a jester's 
outfit.  A sharp grin rested on his face.  She jumped down to the 
ground and stood in a stance ready to fight.  "Who are you?" she 
screamed.

	"Me," played the jester relaxing further on to the trunk of the 
tree with no intention of chasing after her.  "The name is Xyross, at 
your service," he bowed graciously.  

	"What do you want?" she asked him threateningly.

	Xyross smiled, "Nothing.  I have no interest with you or anything 
on this planet.  I just wanted to see the infamous space pirate.   And 
let me tell you, the rumors are true.  You are strikingly beautiful."

	"You lie!" she shouted out at him.

	"I guess I slightly do.  There is something I am after, but only 
your lover can give it to me," he laughed.  

	"Tenchi!" she gasped.

	Xyross' smile faded and he looked as puzzled as she did.  
"Tenchi?" he questioned to himself.  He shrugs it off when he sees what 
she was implying.  "No not that lover, your one, true lover.  
Apparently the same one you are afraid of."

	Ryoko shivers at his cold words, as the jester checks his fine 
cut nails.  When satisfied he looks down at the shivering Ryoko.  "So 
you do fear him?" he smiles maliciously.  "Well, he is a teddy bear to 
what most would say.  Very soon all will change, though, and you will 
not fear him anymore," he giggled in pure enjoyment to himself.

	Ryoko looked up at his words.  "What are you saying?"

	"That he will die along with everyone else," he laughed aloud at 
the pure thought of his plan coming together so perfectly.  "My pawns 
are almost all set, except one, you," he smiled pointing at her.

	"I am not your pawn, you psycho," she yelled at him.  

	"But you are beautiful lady.  Everything is my pawn.  I will come 
for you when the time is right, but not yet.  I just had to see all my 
pieces before I go.  Until then, chow!" he waved and vanished with a 
cold breeze.  

	Ryoko grabbed her heart as she fell to her knees.  Who was that 
strange man?  Why does her heart feel utter hatred for him?  She wanted 
to kill him at the sight of the golden crest on his hat, but she didn't 
recognize it.  It was a snake burning in a fire.  She looked down, but 
why was she so afraid of him.  He brought her more fear than the one 
that is supposed to be after her.  She looked into the sky.  A dark day 
was coming and somehow she could feel that the man that was dressed 
like a jester would be behind all of it.   She had to find this lover 
and unite with him.  Maybe together they can stop whatever this psycho 
clown is planning.  She got up and started for the shrine.  He would be 
there waiting for her there, she could feel it.

TO BE CONTINUED.

	That's the end of chapter 2.  I am so sorry it took so long to 
get out.  I have been so busy for the past year and a half so it is 
taking a lot longer to get all of this out.  I hope you like this 
story.  There are a few more chapters left.  If you have any questions 
or comments leave them at washu@saiyan.com.  I would like to hear from 
you.  Thanks for all of your support.

