Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  I only have a few characters made of my own.  Enjoy the 
story.


Tenchi Muyo!
Ruler of Destiny
Chapter 1: Visions to the Future


	"I am man's destiny, Ryoko.  I am the fear of the Gods and the 
mortals.  You remember me.  I gave you birth, not Washu.  I was there 
when you murdered millions.  I am coming back for you, my child," an 
inhuman voice echoed.

	"Who are you?" Ryoko screamed.

	"Tenchi will leave you with all the others in an epic battle, but 
you can't go.  I have decided your place.  Go and die!  Stay on earth 
and more will be revealed."

	"I don't believe you!" she screamed into the darkness.  A reply 
never came to her screams.
***
	Two entities watched the darkness below.  The one standing in 
front of the woman spoke.  "I lost her, my lady," he said.

	"Is it him?" she asked in disbelief.

	"I believe so.  Apparently, he doesn't want us to intervene.  
Once again, he was one step ahead of us," he said in failure.

	"Let us watch and see what the evil of all man and god a like 
truly has to say," she hissed in regret.
***
	Ryoko spun around the darkness, but instead of darkness she 
looked down and she couldn't even see herself.  She began screaming in 
fear.  

	"Don't fight me," came a man's voice.  "I am here for you," he 
said.

	She began to shiver, as she felt cold.  "Who are you?" she 
screamed as before.  "You aren't the same entity I felt before."

	"No, I am not.  Those were the Goddesses trying to stop me, us," 
his words said in glory.

	"Us?" she whispered.  "I don't know you," she yelled into the 
emptiness.

	"You do, like the goddesses said, you are my child," an image 
appeared and a man floated down from the darkness bringing light into 
it.  His features were hidden by the brightness of the light.  

	"What are you? she asked awestruck by his appearance.

	"A man, who gained power the gods themselves would want, the 
power to control destinies.  You see.  It is time the war that I have 
predicted among them to take place.  They were trying to stop me.  But 
when this war happens, I will move my forces in and destroy all for 
their lack in perfection," he smiled.  "Don't you feel the need for 
people to die," he laughed.

	"NO!" she screamed.

	"You can't wake up from this nightmare, yet," he smiled.

	"How do I stop it?" she asked tears rolling down her cheeks, for 
she could feel them.

	"Stop what?" he asked belligerently.

	"You from destroying," she yelled in rage.

	"Ahhhh, yes, me," he scratched his chin and floated to where her 
eyes met his.  "I guess I can give you one clue," he leaned forward to 
where his lips were felt by Ryoko on her ear.  "The blood must spill on 
the holy alter," he smiled.

	"Whose blood?" she asked in fear.

	"I won't make it that easy.  Let's just say the blood of a child 
about to be born," he floated to the darkness.  "Now you can wake up.  
And remember, your past, you will in your dreams for now on," his voice 
echoed.
***
	The two figures watched in defeat.  The woman turned around with 
a tear dropping down her cheek.  She wrapped her arms as a cold wind 
blew around her void of darkness.

	"Lady Tokimi," the wind whispered.

	"What do you want?" she roared in anger.

	"It appears you tried to change my plans.  For that, you know the 
punishment," the wind spoke changing into a man's voice.

	"Yes, you will bring war between the goddesses," she said 
angrily.

	"Yes, but I was going to do it anyway.  As we speak, Tenchi and 
the other goddesses will be leaving for the war shortly.  Leaving me 
with my prize standing, all alone.  For the Princess Ayeka, will want 
to go with her sister.  Mihoshi will be the pilot, since they will be 
using her ship.  As for that little cabbit, of Ryoko's, it will also 
come to great use for me.  You can't interfere this time.  My day has 
come," the voice said and then the wind stopped.

	Tokimi turned toward the faceless servant.  "We have one chance 
left to stop him.  Summon my other servants," she ordered.

	"My Lady?" asked the strange being.

	Tokimi didn't bother to turn around.  She remained looking into a 
floating crystal ball.  Inside the ball, an image of Ryoko sleeping 
appeared.  Tears streaming down her cheeks.  

	"This poor damned creature is our only hope.  He knows that.  
That is why he is trying to make her destroy all of existence.  She 
will make the choice whether we live or die," Tokimi smiled as Ryoko 
rolled over.  "You're creation Washu was going to be born one way or 
the other.  If you didn't create Ryoko, she would have been born out of 
your womb.  But if that happened, he would win.  For she would be 
destined to destroy, but since she is created, she decides on life at 
her own will," Tokimi spoke as if she was speaking directly to Washu.  
She looked back at her servant.  "Your mission is to make sure that 
Ryo-Ohki takes them to my domain when the time comes.  Maybe we can 
prevent her from flying," she said in worry.
***
	Tenchi saw three women before him.  All had worried faces.  He 
recognized two of them, Washu and Tsunami.  The third stood in between 
them, her hair a mixture of blonde and red.  She was beautiful.  

	"My sisters, we were destined to fight like this because of my 
mistake," she said in regret.  "Tenchi, your destiny was to end me, but 
it was also to keep us all away from the being Ryoko," she said sadly.

	"What do you mean?" Tenchi asked in wonder of what was going on.

	"You can't understand, and she can't either.  That is why 
instinct of what she truly is will take over.  Her mission is to find 
the one that controls destiny," the strange woman said.

	"Why?" Tenchi gulped trying to figure out where he was.

	The women ignored him and walked away.  "Tenchi," a woman's voice 
called.

	Tenchi turned around to see Ryoko.  She was in the arms of a 
faceless man.  She seemed happy in his arms, but her eyes were not 
human.  It was like she was an animal with her mate.  Then, her eyes 
bulged in surprise and she began to moan.  Her moans became thunderous 
screams.  Tenchi held his ears and looked up to see the man holding a 
crying child.  He looked at the ground and saw Ryoko with her eyes 
gazing at him.  She was dead.  He looked over to below her stomach to 
see blood and flesh scattered around her.

	He felt anger and rage.  He felt alone.  "NOOOOOOOOO!" he 
screamed.
***
	Tenchi leaped out of his bed in fear.  He pulled off his shirt 
for it was soaked in his sweat.  He looked over to his door, as he 
heard it open.

	"Tenchi?" asked a worried Ayeka.

	"I'm okay," he smiled.  "It was just a nightmare," he said.  

	"Do you want to talk about it?" she asked.

	Tenchi did, but not to her.  It might give Ayeka the wrong idea.  
He looked up at the ceiling.  "Maybe some other time, Ayeka."

	"Okay," she smiled warmly.  "Good night, Tenchi," she waved and 
left the room.  

	Tenchi leaped out of bed and quietly walked out of the room.
***
	She was beautiful and his.  He slowly placed his hand over her 
damp cheek.  The woman snuggled deeper into his palm for safety.

	"That's right, Ryoko.  We are the only kind of our race.  Soon, 
our child will bring a new era into this world.  Already, you yearn to 
be with me.  Although you think it is to be with that boy.  The 
goddess, Tokimi has been making it difficult for us to meet but not 
anymore.  He leaned over to smell her warm breath brace his ear.  

	"Back away!" A woman roared.

	He looked up and gave a mischievous smile.  "Tokimi, still trying 
to ruin everything?"

	Tokimi floated on the opposite side of Ryoko.  "You kiss her and 
she will be eager to be with you.  I might as well let there be peace 
at least for a little while longer," she hissed.

	His face shook in frustration.  He sat up and said quietly to 
her, but filled with anger, "Then, prepare for the end, Goddess.  It 
will all start tomorrow," he looked back down at Ryoko and brushed her 
hair back with the palm of his hand, and she purred for him to go on.  
"She already belongs to me," he smiled and vanished.

	Tokimi looked over to see Tenchi walk into the room.  He jumped 
up to the beam and crawled up.  He slid gently to where Ryoko slept.  
Tokimi knew he couldn't see her, but she remained in interest as he put 
his hand on Ryoko's cheek.  Ryoko cuddled into his hand and tried to 
grab it for more.  Tenchi smiled and kissed her on her forehead.  He 
slid down and climbed the stairs.

	Tokimi smiled.  She knew he would probably go do the same to 
Ayeka.  But that is not what made her happy.  Ryoko acted human when he 
touched her, which means her plan did work.  If she rejected it or 
acted like an animal like with the dark one, then she would become on 
with the darkness.  There was still hope.  She placed her hand on 
Ryoko's forehead and a pale light emitted.  "No more nightmares, my 
daughter," she smiled and vanished.
***
	Tokimi stood in the center of the dark void.  "Maley, come!" she 
ordered.

	A small light glowed from under Tokimi's feet.  It rose to her 
face.  Tokimi smiled at the little fairy.  "You summoned, my Lady," the 
little fairy giggled playfully.

	"Yes, I did," Tokimi smiled holding her finger out.  The little 
fairy landed on the finger and started doing flips.  "Maley, I put the 
young one to sleep.  Take her to your forest and let her sleep," she 
smiled.  

	"Your daughter!" cheered the little fairy.  She was flying up to 
see Tokimi closer.  "I will, my Lady," her squeaky voice cheered.  Her 
little face looked worried and her cheers ceased.  "What about him?" 
she asked.  "He will be mad and come for her."

	"No, he won't be mad, my little princess of all fairies," Tokimi 
looked back at the frightful Maley.  "He will come for her, but this is 
how the war he predicted will start.  They will think I am the one that 
is up to evil.  However, I was going to have you do this on the morrow 
of Earth.  I believe he won't expect to start too soon, and that I am 
hiding his destiny in the fairy kingdom," she smiled.

	"But he will kill us," pleaded the little fairy.  

	"If he gets in, he might.  Remember, he might control our fate, 
but he is still mortal.  He can't enter your kingdom without you 
allowing him to enter.  Your world will be safe.  Now go, little one," 
she ordered and watch her last hope to save life, itself, fly off.
***
	The crickets chirped as she flew to the large house in the woods.  
She flew through the wall like it wasn't there.  She could feel the 
evil riding in the house.  Curiosity sunk in to her brain and she flew 
toward the source.  She flew to a woman sleeping quietly on a beam.  
  
	The little fairy gasped in fright and flew like mad behind the 
sofa.  Maley shivered at what she felt, and then saw.  The woman on the 
beam was her target, but evil flowed around her.  Maley took a deep 
breath. Her lady requested this and she was to obey.  She puffed her 
cheeks with air and let it out.  She flew back to where the woman 
slept.  She waved her hand over the woman's face and gave a little 
giggle, as the woman's body sparkled like the stars in the sky.  Then, 
the spots became a glow and the light intensified and vanished taking 
the woman with it.

	"You there!" called an angry voice.  The fair looked over to see 
her other master.  

	"Lady Washu?" she asked in awe.

	"I've seen you only once in my lifetime.  The day my father 
declared me his heir," she squinted her eyes and began to rub them.  
"But I could have swore you were much bigger," she said in disbelief.

	"Long story, kid.  Now what did you do to my daughter," she 
demanded.  Her hair was folded in a bun behind her and she wore pink 
pajamas.  Her arms were folded across her chest as she leaned on a beam 
in front of the fairy.

	"I have taken her to safety.  I know you plan to fight in an 
upcoming war.  Ryoko has no part to be in it," she said sadly.

	"Give her back, Maley," Washu ordered.

	"I can't.  You don't understand," she argued desperately.

	"I do!" Washu said harshly.  "My sister has been trying to get my 
attention for the longest time.  She has hurt people and me just to do 
it.  I do not need to see her.  Now, give her back to me," Washu 
snarled.

	The fairy cried and flew to the ground.  "I can't disobey a 
Goddess," she sniffed.  She waved her hands in the air and Ryoko's body 
appeared laying back on the beam.  "You have no idea what you have 
done, but at least take her with you when you leave.  I know you don't 
want to, but if you don't you will never see her again," the fairy 
warned and vanished.
***
	Washu sat on the patio watching the sunrise.  She smiled as the 
new day began.  She yawned and turned to walk in.  A strange breeze 
blew around her.  She froze at the touch of the strange wind.  

	"Who are you?" she asked remaining calm.

	"Turn around and see for yourself," a man's voice bellowed.

	She turned to see a man in a red robe and long hat standing on 
the grass of the front yard.  He was clean shaved, and age marked his 
face with its wrinkles.  She also noticed spots of hi gray hair leaking 
out of his hat.  He looked like a bishop.  In his left hand, he carried 
a golden rod.  

	"A sorcerer?" she questioned.

	"Yes, one of the last," he smiled.  "I was sent by Lady Tokimi to 
take you in," he said like a true diplomat.

	"Then, you will have to come and get me!" she roared leaping on 
to the ground in front of him.

	He held up his free hand releasing streams of green energy.  The 
energy connected to the ground in front of her.  Washu screamed in pain 
as she flew onto the patio.  Her eyes remained closed, and soot stained 
her cheeks.

	"Washu!" A woman screamed from above.  The sorcerer looked up to 
see a woman flying into the sun.  

	"You must be Ryoko," he yelled into the sky.

	The woman flew down in front of him.  "I am, and who are you?" 
she asked summoning her sword in case of a fight.  

	"None of you concern.  This fight has nothing to do with you.  
Only with Tenchi, Washu, and Sasami are to take place in this.  Leave 
and live," he warned gritting his teeth.

	"Never!" she screamed and ran toward him.  Ryoko saw her target, 
but as soon as she took her first step, her vision became black.  She 
began to scream, as all she could see was darkness.  Her dream was 
coming back, but how?  

	The sorcerer looked confused as she fell to the ground.  He 
looked up to see Tenchi and Sasami running toward him.  He stepped back 
and spoke, "Heed my words, you two are to come to the Eternal Sphere.  
Bring Ryoko and you can forget saving her," he smiled.

	Tenchi almost ran toward Sasami as he realized what the strange 
man was implying.  "Sasami!" he screamed.  Strings of gold light began 
to surround her.  Sasami tried to move, but couldn't.

	"TENCHI!!" she pleaded for his help, as her body became 
transparent and then vanished with the light.  

	"NOOOOOOOO!!" he roared.  He looked back to where the sorcerer 
stood to see he was gone.

	"Tenchi, what happened to Sasami?" spoke a scared Ayeka.

	"I have no idea, but when Washu awakens we will have our answers, 
I hope," he said running toward where Washu lay.  He stopped when he 
noticed her eyes were open.

	"Tokimi," she whispered.

	Tenchi sat beside her,  "Who?" he asked.

	"Tokimi, is a Goddess like me, and now Sasami.  We are three 
sisters, but why is she doing this?" she spoke starring at the sky 
above her.  

	"Do you know how to get to this Eternal Sphere?" he asked 
hastily.

	"Yes," she said slowly and weakly.

	"Then, we can leave as soon as possible," he said looking back 
out to the yard.  Ryoko was lying still in the grass.  The wind blew 
her hair wildly.  "Ryoko!" he called running over to her.  He pulled 
her up in his lap.  Her eyes were tightened shut.  Tears dripped down 
her cheeks.  Her lips were slightly opened as one word left her lips.  

	"Death!" she whispered in her sleep.

	Tenchi gently shook her.  "Ryoko," he called softly.  

	At the sound of her name, Ryoko sat up knocking her fist into 
Tenchi's jaw.  Tenchi flew back.  "Tenchi," Ayeka screamed in worry, 
running toward him.  

	Tenchi sat up looked back at Ryoko.  Her eyes were bulged open.  
Terror was painted on her face.  "Ayeka, it's okay," he hollered toward 
her.  Ayeka slowed down, and walked over to Tenchi.  She knelt beside 
him.  

	"Are you okay, Lord Tenchi?" she asked.  Her eyes were glowing 
with worry.

	"I am fine," he said rubbing his jaw.  "She is just having a 
nightmare," he spoke quietly, as if he was speaking to himself.  He 
crawled over to her, but stopped at the sound of her lips.

	"Don't come for me," her words mumbled as she spoke in her dream.

	"Ryoko!" Tenchi called again and gently shook her.  Ryoko blinked 
her eyes mad, as if she just awoke from the strange trance.  She slowly 
looked at Tenchi and starred at him.
	
	"Tenchi," she whispered in surprise. 

	"It was just a dream," he smiled warmly.  He pulled her into his 
chest and gave her a warm embrace.  He looked into the sky for an 
answer to his problem.  The dream he had meant something, but he had to 
save Sasami.  Then, the strange man said that Ryoko couldn't go.  It 
had to be a trap to get to her.  But in his dream, Tokimi was warning 
him.  Something didn't fit.  He pulled away slowly and helped Ryoko to 
her feet as he stood on his.  "Get ready to leave, everyone," he said 
in his calm, but not demanding voice.  He looked back at Ryoko.  He 
looked around at everyone else as they all went into the house.  He 
walked over to where Ryoko stood dazed at her own dream.  He slowly 
leaned over where his lips glazed her left ear.  "I know what you are 
afraid of," he whispered.  "I can't take you with us to where we are 
going.  They said they would harm Sasami if I did.  I will see if 
Ayeka, Dad, and Grandpa can take care of you until we return with 
Sasami.  Then, we will handle he is really trying to keep us away from 
you," he said pulling away.  

	Ryoko looked into his eyes, as if searching for something.  "How 
do you know?" she asked like a scared child.

	"I had a dream about it, but.I can't say how it ended," he said 
startled at telling her the truth of his dream.   "But if anything 
happens, to any of you, I will always come back for you," he said 
starring into her eyes.  He could read them perfectly.  She was 
confused, frightened, and yet trying to hide it all.

	She nodded slightly to what he said and slowly walked back into 
the house.  Tenchi watched as she walked in like she didn't even 
recognize the place.   He turned back and climbed the steps to the 
shrine.  The wind blew wildly as he climbed up the third step.  It was 
ice cold and filled with an evil presence.  He stopped and looked 
around.  'The mastermind behind the madness had to be out there,' he 
thought.

	"Tenchi," an elderly man called.  Tenchi stopped half way up and 
looked down.  His grandpa, dressed in his priest robes, stood three 
steps below him.  "Did you feel that wind?" he asked as the sun gleamed 
off of his glasses.

	"I did," Tenchi replied.  "Someone is watching us," he said 
looking into the sky hoping to see the dark being he felt.

	"Someone is always watching us, but at this time I sense evil," 
his grandpa explained. 

	"We are off to save Sasami," Tenchi said sternly.

	Lord Katsuhito remained calm, but Tenchi saw his grandfather 
flinch at what he said.  "What happened?" the old priest asked still 
standing calm.

	"A man came and took her claiming to be under a Goddess named 
Tokimi," Tenchi spoke.  "But I know you are not going to like what I am 
going to say." Tenchi paused to think of how he was going to word his 
message to his grandpa.  "They said Ryoko can't come with us.  I had a 
dream that something bad is going to happen to her and I think this is 
a ploy to leave her, so it can happen," Tenchi explained.

	"You want me to stay and protect her," his grandfather smiled to 
Tenchi's surprise.

	"Yeah," he replied in shock.  

	"Usually I would go and help Sasami, but if this is a trap to get 
her alone, I will stay," he said rubbing his grandson's shoulder.  "I 
will get my things and move into the house until you get back," he said 
and continued walking up the steps.

	"Thanks," Tenchi said and climbed back down.

	Lord Katsuhito turned around and watched the boy run down the 
steps until he vanished into the house.  Black boots appeared were his 
sandaled feet were.  Another man stood and replaced the priest's body.  
He wore a white military like jacket and trousers.  A belt was strapped 
around the jacket.  The man's left hand rested on a golden hilt that 
was placed in a satchel of the belt.  The hilt was plain, but an 
emerald gem rested at the tip.  His face was hidden in the shadows of 
the trees.  

	"I will protect her," he smiled.  "She was meant to be mine, 
boy." He vanished with the wind as his laughter blew around the Masaki 
shrine.  


TO BE CONTINUED..

	
	Well, I did something that I usually don't do.  I gave a way most 
of the plot in the first chapter, but that's okay. You still have no 
idea how it is going to end.  Either do I for that matter.  As for 
those of you waiting for the sequel to Undesirable Fate, it is my next 
project and will be out shortly.  If you want to send comments or want 
to know more about the progress of the sequel, e-mail me at 
washu@saiyan.com.  Thanks for reading my fan fics.  

	
	


	

	.
