Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or any of the characters. The only
person
I own in this fic is Tikama, because I created him. Ayeka, you owe me!

Ryoko and Ayeka Get Even
By Chibi-C

Author's notes: I think the title speaks for itself.
Kyinia: (Reads fic.)…(Sweatdrop.) Ayeka, Ryoko, I sure hope you know what
you're doing...
Here we go!

(Tenchi is about to walk in the door after a day at school. Ryoko is there
to
greet him.)

Ryoko: Hello, Tenchi! (Glomps Tenchi and kisses him on the cheek.)

Tenchi: Hi Ryoko.

Ryoko: How was your day?

Tenchi: Huh?

Ryoko: How was your day?

Tenchi: Um…it was okay. I have a lot of homework to do now. See ya, Ryoko!
(Leaves.)

Same time, with Ayeka and Tikama

Ayeka: Tikama? Are you busy?

Tikama: (Looking at newspaper.) Huh?

Ayeka: Are you busy?

Tikama: (Still looking at paper.) What?

Ayeka: Are you listening to me!?

Tikama: (Looks at Ayeka.) Oh, you're here Ayeka? I'm sorry, did you say
something?

Ayeka: Never mind! (Goes upstairs.)

That evening after dinner…

Ryoko: Tenchi, do you want to do something together tonight?

Tenchi: Sorry, Ryoko. I made plans with Tikama to go see that new action
movie at the Cineplex. (Looks at watch.) Uh oh, I'm late! (Runs while
waving.) I won't be out long!

Ryoko: Hmph! Hell you won't! (Teleports up to onsen, phases out of her blue
and yellow dress into her blue bikini.) Tenchi, you jerk…

(Ayeka conveniently walks into onsen with her towel wrapped around her and
sees an upset Ryoko.)

Ayeka: What's wrong?

Ryoko: Dumb Tenchi…(Proceeds to explain everything to Ayeka.)

Ayeka: I know what you mean. Tikama has been too busy lately, too.

Ryoko: It's not fair! (Breaks down crying.)

Ayeka: There, there. (Puts arm around Ryoko's shoulders.) What do you say we
teach those two a lesson?

Ryoko: (Stops crying.) Hey, now there's an idea. (Evil grin.) And I know
just
how to do it…

In Ayeka's Room…

Ayeka: Ryoko, are you sure this is a good idea? (Looks in mirror.)

Ryoko: Ayeka, it looks great!

(Ayeka and Ryoko are both dressed to kill. Ayeka is wearing very tight black
flares and a shirt that looks more like an undersized bra than anything
else.
Ryoko is wearing a pair of  really short faded blue jeans shorts, a white
shirt that looks like a sports bra, and a blue tie-over shirt over that
which
doesn't do much except cover up her shoulders.)

Ayeka: I don't know…

Ryoko: Oh, come on. Don't you want to teach those two a lesson?

Ayeka: You're right. Come on, let's get going.

(Washu walks in.)

Washu: Are you two ready?

Ryoko: Yeah. Start recording!

(Washu takes a video camera out of hammerspace and starts recording Ryoko
and
Ayeka.)

Ryoko: You boys must be wondering where we are.

Ayeka: Well, we're not going to tell you. We've had just about enough of
you,
so we're going to make you squirm a little.

Ryoko: We'll be back…when we feel like it.

Ayeka: Oh, and by the way, Washu knows where we are, but don't bother asking
her. She won't tell you.

Ryoko: Well, we have better things to do than sit around talking to a camera
all day. Bye!

(Washu stops recording.)

Washu: Okay, come down to the lab and I'll teleport you to where you want to
go.

Ryoko: Thanks, mom. Come on, Ayeka.

Ayeka: Alright. (Grabs Ryoko's hand, who teleports them to the lab.)

Washu: …Great…(Runs down to lab.)

Later that evening…

(Tenchi and Tikama walk in the house.)

Tenchi: That was without a doubt the stupidest movie I have ever seen.

Tikama: You're telling me. Hey, where are the girls?

Tenchi: I don't know. Could they be in Ayeka's room?

Tikama: Let's check. (They go up to Ayeka's room.)

Tenchi: Hmm…they're not here.

Tikama: Hey, look at this. (Pick up video from bed labeled "To Tikama and
Tenchi.")

(They the tape down to the living room and play it on the VCR.)

Tenchi: Why would they go and do something like that?

Tikama: I don't know. Let's go find Washu.

In Washu's Lab…

Washu: So you found the tape?

Tenchi. Yes.

Tikama: Could you tell us where they are, Washu-san?

Washu: Washu…san!?

Tikama: Er…Washu-chan?

Washu: Much better. But I still won't tell you where they are.

Tenchi: Why not?

Washu: Because Ryoko and Ayeka trusted me with their secret, and I'm not
going to betray them.

Tenchi: Well, could you at least tell us why they ran off like that?

Washu: You mean…you really don't know?

Tikama: We haven't a clue!

Washu: (Sweatdrop.) Are you two really that clueless?

Tenchi: Clueless about what?

Washu: (Giant Economy-Sized sweatdrop.) You are so incredibly dumb! Well,
I'm
not going to tell you where they are. If you want to find them, find them
yourselves.

Tenchi: How are we supposed to know where they went!?

Washu: Figure it out.

(Tenchi and Tikama leave.)

Back in the living room…

Tikama: Should we look at the tape again?

Tenchi: Yeah. (They play it once more. This time, they notice what Ayeka and
Ryoko are wearing.)

Tikama: (Gawk.) Wow…

Tenchi: Hey, don't drool on the couch. (Thinks for a minute.) Wait a minute!
I'll bet I know where they are!

Tikama: Where?

Tenchi: Well, I don't know exactly, but I'll just bet that they're in a
nightclub!

Tikama: What makes you say that?

Tenchi: Think for a minute. Why would they wear those clothes if they were
just going to stay inside?

Tikama: You're right. (Sigh.) Come on, let's ask Washu if she'll teleport us
to Tokyo.

Back in Washu's Lab…

Washu: Where in Tokyo?

Tenchi: Pick a spot.

Washu: Okay! (Presses a button.)

In the middle of the busiest street in Tokyo…

Tenchi and Tikama: AHHH! (Jump out of the way of an approaching bus.)

In "The Furnace"

(Ryoko and Ayeka are sitting at the bar.)

Ryoko: (In a very loud voice over the music.) See? I told you this would be
fun!

Ayeka: (Also loudly.) It's a new experience, that's for sure!

(Two really cute guys walk up to them.)

Cute guy #1: Either one of you like to dance?

(Ayeka and Ryoko look at each other and grin.)

Ayeka: Sure!

(Ayeka goes with #1, Ryoko with #2. All four of them are grinning. The girls
are grinning because they're thinking about how jealous Tenchi and Tikama
guys are going to be, and the guys are smiling because they can't believe
their incredible luck.)

In "The Rainforest"

Random Drunk Girl #1:  (Hiccup.) Hey cutie, wanna dance?

RDG#2: You're kinda hot. (Hiccup.)

Tenchi: Let's get outta here.

Tikama: Yeah.

Back in "The Furnace"

(Ryoko and Ayeka are dancing with the two cute guys. Ryoko seems to be a bit
more comfortable in this…intimate situation, but Ayeka is catching on
quickly.)

Ayeka: Hey! I think I'm getting the hang of this!

Ryoko: You're a natural!

(Two more cute guys come up to them.)

Cute guy #3: Can I cut in?

Cute guy #2: (Reluctantly.) Okay.

(Cute guy #4 replaces cute guy #1.)

In "The Sizzler"

Tenchi: They're not here!

Tikama: I realize that!

Tenchi: Come on! Let's get out of here!

15 clubs later…

(A very frustrated pair of young men is sitting right outside "The
Pyramid.")

Tikama: Ack! Where could those two be!?

Tenchi: There's one more club left in the city, and it's the biggest one.
"The Furnace." If they're not there, I don't know where they could be.

Back with Ayeka and Ryoko…

(Ryoko is dancing with Cute Guy #51, and Ayeka is dancing with Cute Guy
#52.)

Ayeka: Ryoko?

Ryoko: Yeah?

Ayeka: Are you getting tired?

Ryoko: Sort of. Just a few more dances and we call it a night.

Ayeka: Alright.

10 minutes and two dances later at "The Furnace"…

(Ryoko and Ayeka are now on the floor dancing with the cutest guys in the
entire club. The song is "Just One Night" by 98 degrees, and let's just say
that they are doing the song justice. ^_~ )

(Tenchi and Tikama choose this time to walk in.)

Tenchi: I've found them! (His blood begins to boil when he sees Ryoko and
the
cute guy dancing.) *Thinking* Damn, she looks hot tonight! *Out loud*
They're
over there! (Points.)

Tikama: I see them! *Thinking* Good god, Ayeka should dress like that more
often…wait a minute…who's that guy she's with!? *Out loud* Come on!
Let's go
get them!

(The two angry guys walk over to the girls.)

Ayeka: Don't look now Ryoko, but Tenchi and Tikama are here!

Ryoko: Just pretend you don't see them. (Wraps her arms around the cute guy.
Ayeka gets the idea and does the same.)

Ayeka: *Thinking* Maybe this will teach you a lesson, Tikama.

Tenchi: (Taps cute guy on shoulder.)

Cute Guy: (Turns around.) Yeah?

Tenchi: Special delivery! (Punches cute guy (who shall remain nameless due
to
security reasons) unconscious.)

(Tikama flips other cute guy over his shoulder, who promptly blacks out.)

Ryoko: Hey! You can't just punch out our dates like that!

Ayeka: I'm surprised at you, Tikama.

Tikama: What about you!?

Tenchi: We're your boyfriends!

Ryoko: But only when you want to be, huh?

(Tikama and Tenchi are struck speechless.)

Ayeka: Come on, Ryoko. Let's get out of here.

Ryoko: Yeah. This club suddenly doesn't seem so appealing anymore.

(The girls turn their backs on the guys and start walking away. The guys
promptly kick themselves for being so incredibly stupid.)

Tenchi: Wait! (They run to catch up with the girls.)

Tikama: Why didn't you just say something?

Ayeka: We tried to, but you just wouldn't listen.

Tenchi: Would it help if we said "sorry?"

Ryoko: Hmm…

Tenchi and Tikama: (Drop down to their knees and clasp their hands
together.)
WE'RE REALLY SORRY!

Ayeka: What do you think, Ryoko. Should we forgive them?

Ryoko: I guess. They look so pitiful…

(Guys brighten up and stand up.)

Ryoko: …But you two need to make up for it!

Tenchi: Anything!

Ayeka: Alright, when we get home.

Tikama: Come on. (Slips his hand into Ayeka's. Tenchi slips his arm around
Ryoko's waist, and the two couples leave the club.)

All the cute guys (Well, at least the ones that are conscious.): Aw man!

Back at home the next morning…

Ryoko: Oh Tenchi!

(Tenchi runs in wearing a violet apron.)

Tenchi: Yes?

Ryoko: We're out of sake.

Tenchi: (Sweatdrop.) Alright…(Leaves.)

Ayeka: Tikama?

Tikama (who was already in the room, and wearing a pink apron): Yes?

Ayeka: Run after Tenchi and tell him to go to the store to buy some more
frozen yogurt…in fact, why don't you go with him?

Ryoko: And make sure its non-fat! We have to watch our girlish figures.

Tikama: Yes, ma'am. (Goes after Tenchi.)

Ryoko: Ayeka?

Ayeka: Yes?

Ryoko: (Holds up glass.) I propose a toast. To the guys!

(The two girls hit their glasses of sake together. They then burst into
hysterics.)

Ayeka: (After managing to catch her breath.) You know? We should get mad at
them more often!

(More hysterical giggles.)

In Washu's lab../

Washu (watching on her video screen): Mission...accomplished! (Wild
grinning.)

Author's notes: You like?
Kyinia: (Sweatdrop.) Wasn't everyone kind of OOC?
I didn't think so.
Kyinia: Tenchi punched somebody out…that seems pretty OOC to me.
Well…maybe a little…(Sweatdrop.)
Kyinia: Don't worry too much about it.
…(Sigh.) Oh well…at least it was a happy ending!
Tenchi: For you, maybe!
Tikama: Yeah! What the hell possessed you to do that to us!?
I'm a very powerful fanficcer, and I felt like it. If you aren't
happy…tough
noogies! Anyway, e-mail me feedback-
Tenchi and Tikama: OR FLAMES!
…(Sweatdrop.) at Carmel3309@aol.com.
