Ryo-ohki; More Then Meets The Meow
written by: Sam Roed (canyonairo@aol.com)
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

This story is for all the impossible loves in the world.
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

	Disclaimer:  I don't own any of the characters in this story, 
I just use them for my own slightly off-the-wall sense of humor.  
Blah blah blah.... don't sue me... blah blah blah.... all 
characters are property of Viz and/or Pioneer.  Anyway, on to my 
first fanfic (Washu puppets appear on author's shoulders)   "You 
are the greatest Sam!"  "The best writer in the universe!"  (I 
know, that was an uncalled for lie, but hey I got low self-esteem)  
I appreciate c and c's.  I wrote this out of emotion, even though 
I'm a firm Ryoko + Tenchi = love, but like Ryo-ohki as much as 
Ryoko. so I put all my feelings about her into this story.

------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

	Tenchi felt a pair of hands on the side of his head, they had 
a firm, yet soft hold on his cheeks. He stared into a pair of 
emerald green eyes that threatened to swallow him.  Her hot pink 
bangs hanging out from the sides of her head.  His heart raced, he 
felt a nosebleed coming on as she leaned into kiss him, "Just 
close your eyes Tenchi." the beautiful woman said slyly.  He 
squeezed his eyes shut, suddenly felt the cold smooth feel of 
metal around his ankles, wrists, and body.  He looked to confirm 
his fears, yes, he was strapped down in Washu's lab.  And of 
course he was stripped down to his boxer shorts.  
"Oh no!" Tenchi groaned

"Oh Yes, my little guinea pig!" said the surprisingly short little 
nurse in a seductive voice, "you're all mine now."  She smiled as 
she walked toward him, her shoulders level with his shorts, "I 
just need a *sample*, is that too much to ask for?"  Tenchi 
noticed a slight smile of pleasure as she grabbed the elastic 
waistband and giggled, "Strictly medical, right?"

	Tenchi sat up with his heart in his ears.  He had soaked the 
sheets with a cold sweat.  That was the fourth time this week he 
had had that nightmare.  Worst part was, he was starting to enjoy 
it!  The shear helplessness of the situation actually turned him 
on!  Tenchi slapped himself, "don't be henti, you're not like your 
dad!"  He shuddered at the thought of how his dad would react if 
he found out about the dreams,  'Ah my little Tenchi is finally 
starting to dream about girls!  Oh happy day!'  Oh yeah *real* 
happy day, Nobuyuki would never stop pestering him to tell him 
what( or who) Tenchi was dreaming about till he cracked!

	Tenchi look at his clock, 5:15.  Although Tenchi was very 
tired he decided to get up anyway, since Ryoko would soon be in 
his room to watch him sleep( and of course scare the bejesus out 
of him when he opened his eyes).  "Oh well, might as well get 
started with the field, and change these sheets."  He had almost 
forgotten about the sweat-soaked sheets, that is until he moved 
onto the freezing part of the bed.  That coldness brought him back 
to reality, he quickly jumped out of bed and took of the covers 
and sheets from his bed, so he could wash them.  He left the wad 
of sheets on the bed as he changed into his work clothes in two 
minutes flat.

	As Tenchi started out of his room with dirty sheets in hand, 
he was careful not to wake anyone, especially not Ryoko or Aeka.  
He didn't feel like being in the middle of a fight this early in 
the morning.  As he crept down the stairs, carefully avoiding all 
the stairs that creak, since he was a few meters from Ryoko's 
"bedroom."  Once he reached the bottom of the stairs he stopped to 
listen for any sound of Ryoko waking up, he could hear her steady 
breathing.  He sighed as he heard no sound or movement from Ryoko.  
He stood on the ground floor looking up at her sleeping form, 
'it's amazing how innocent she was while sleeping, but once she 
wakes up all hell breaks loose!' he thought to himself.  He smiled 
as she started to talk in her sleep, "oh Tenchi, 
I....I.....L.....L"  Tenchi had a look of concern on his face as 
he had always wondered what Ryoko dreamed about.

	"Tenchi.... I....I...." Tenchi was getting anxious about what 
she was going to say.  "Tenchi... I'd love to take a bath with 
you."  Tenchi face-faulted, blushed, and got a nosebleed all at 
the same time.  As Tenchi picked himself up, he crawled toward the 
kitchen.  As he crept inside and closed the door behind him as 
quietly as he could.  Inside he heard as dish fall over.  He 
almost screamed but he caught the sound before it woke everyone in 
the house.

	As his heart slowly crawled back down his throat, he turned 
to see a starving Ryo-ohki in her humanoid form foraging for 
carrots.  He sighed at the little cabbit-girl, Ryo-ohki looked at 
Tenchi and cried out a sad little "miya."  

"Sorry Ryo-ohki, but there aren't any carrots in the house."

	The little cabbit cried enough to fill the lake outside.  
Tenchi walked over to the sad little beauty, crouched beside her. 
"but I have great news for you," that brought the cute little girl 
to a low whine, "today the new carrot patch is ready for picking."  
Ryo-ohki cried out lovingly and  hugged Tenchi's neck like there's 
no tomorrow.  "OK OK, Ryo-ohki,"  whispered Tenchi as he stood up, 
carrying her up in his arms.  She nuzzled his neck, not planing to 
let go any time soon.

	Tenchi thanked god no one else was awake, or the beautiful 
little girl in his arms would be an ugly little tufts of blood and 
fur.  That thought alone made the boy shutter,  Ryo-ohki stopped 
hugging him and looked up a him with a concerned "Miya?"  That 
snapped him back to reality, "Oh don't worry, I was just thinking 
about what Ryoko or Aeka would do if they saw me holding you,"  
That made her pull back from him and her eyes watered, as she let 
a depressing "meow" as she jumped to the ground.

	Tenchi realized his mistake, Tenchi quickly crouched down in 
front of her, "oh no Ryo-ohki, I don't care what they think," he 
said as he lovingly stroked her black stripe of hair.  When she 
heard this as continued to latch on to his neck just like Ryoko 
would do, the only difference was he didn't try to pry her off of 
him.  As Tenchi hugged her, "Myi muv mew" she cooed.  'That 
sounded like she said.....no, she couldn't have.'  As Tenchi's 
brain tried to shrug it off, 'your just hearing things,' it said.  
His heart knew what it felt, even if his heart couldn't understand 
her voice, it knew what her emotions were saying in crystal 
clarity.

	Tenchi and Ryo-ohki where locked in the embrace for what 
seemed like an eternity.  Tenchi was reluctant about breaking off 
from her, but it was already 5:30, Sasami would be up soon. Then 
he heard both their stomachs breaking the silence.  Tenchi was 
forced to break the moment of peace.

	Suddenly, Tenchi remembered, "Ryo-ohki, I just remembered 
something,"  The cabbit slowly unattached herself from him, she 
had an amazingly content look on her sweet face.  Tenchi put her 
down, and walk over to the refrigerator, he reach in and after 
looking around for a while, he found what he was looking for.  
"Here you go," he said, handing her a bag of frozen mini carrots.

	She nearly screamed in delight, hugging the bag almost as 
tight as she had held Tenchi.  he pryed the bag from her small 
hands, 'she's a lot stronger then she looks!'  He poured them into 
a bowl and put them in Washu's "Insta-Nuke"(patent-pending).  As 
soon as he closed the door, a chime went off, opening the little 
door, he pulled out the bowl filled with perfectly steamed 
carrots.  He gave them to his little friend, "Tah-da!"

	Her eyes watered over as she looked from the bowl, to Tenchi, 
then back to the bowl.  She couldn't tell which made her happier, 
the bowl of beautiful carrots, or the beautiful man that made them 
for her.  She slowly took the bowl from Tenchi's hands, and to his 
shock, slowly started to eat while she looked at him with glazed 
eyes.  Smiling, he headed back to the fridge to get something for 
himself. After getting a bowl of food in his stomach, he was 
outside grabbing the biggest basket they had, after all, he knew 
there would be too many carrots to carry back in one trip, maybe 
it would fill another basket halfway.

	As Tenchi leaned down to pick up the basket, he heard the 
door slide open then close behind someone.  He was expecting to 
see Sasami or Aeka, as he started to turn around, as a pair of 
hands suddenly covered his eyes.  he stooped moving, remembering 
his nightmare.  He smiled and forgot all about it as heard the 
unbearably cute "Meow mew."

"Aeka?" Tenchi said sarcastically

"Miya" the unknown girl said while surpressing a giggle.

"Ryoko?"

"Meow" she said trying to sound hurt.

"The cutest and sweetest little girl in the house?"

"Meow!" Ryo-ohki said truly happy about what Tenchi said, she 
hugged his neck as he stood up holding her piggy-back style.  He 
ran around playfully, with Ryo-ohki holding on to his shoulders 
while prodding him lightly with her heels in his sides.  They both 
were laughing and enjoying themselves, Tenchi stopped as he look 
at his watch, 5:55.  Oh-oh, the others will be up any minute now.

	He had to stop, much to the disappointment of the cabbit.  
Then Tenchi got an idea.  He looked over his shoulder and saw 
those gorgeous eyes looking sadly back at him, "Hey beautiful want 
to help me in the fields?"  Ryo-ohki blushed blood red.  As soon 
as she got over the blush, she realized that she want to help him 
more then anything in the world.  That was how she had gotten her 
ability to turn human in the first place.

	Her will to help Tenchi had made the MASU's go out and try to 
help Tenchi, even if they got scared and nearly killed him.  It 
was Ryo-ohki that saved him from the MASU.  She had merged with 
the MASU's which gave her the ability to change her shape to that 
of a humanoid version of herself.  She still had her big rabbit 
ears and her brown fur  covering almost her entire body.  Her eyes 
were golden just like Ryoko's and even more feline.  Most 
interesting thing though, was her hair, the hair on the sides of 
her head was also the same color as Ryoko's, a cyan-gray color.  
And on the top of her head was jet-black.

	She had thought she was too inhuman for Tenchi to even notice 
her.  Actually she hadn't known her feelings toward him until this 
morning.  Although she still didn't know his feelings toward her, 
she had an idea, but unlike Ryoko and Aeka, she didn't want to 
jump to conclusions.  Not yet at least.  "Hello?  Ryo-ohki?" 
Tenchi lightly placed his hands over her delicate hands.  She 
blushed profusely as she realized she had zoned out.  She was 
still so happy about him asking her to help (and that he called 
her beautiful).  All she could do was nod like a dashboard toy.  
He smiled broadly and took her hand, he led her to a couple of 
baskets.  He grabbed a basket half the size of the one he had and 
put it inside of his basket, and put the straps on his shoulders.  
"All right let's go to the fields!" 

	In her shock she had forgotten all about the only other thing 
comparable to Tenchi.  She started to walk toward the fields, with 
Tenchi holding her hand.  Tenchi looked at his watch again, 'oh-oh 
it's 5:57 only got three minuets to get out of here before Sasami 
gets up.'  Which in turn would wake everyone else up, He 
especially wouldn't want to have a fight start up with Ryoko and 
Aeka, not since he was having such a good time with his 'newly 
found *friend*'  Ryo-ohki was surprised when Tenchi picked her up 
and carried her in his arms and said "Let's hurry and get out of 
here while we still can."  They both smiled at each other, then he 
started to run slowly gaining speed.  Ryo-ohki rested her head on 
his chest as she was slowly rocked to sleep by the rhythm of his 
running.

	Tenchi had stopped running once he saw that she was asleep.  
She was breathing deeply, he could feel her softly purring with 
content.  Tenchi unknowingly had set his pace to match with the 
soothing rhythm of her snore that had a slight hint of a meowing 
to it.

	He walked the rest of the way to the fields.  Once he got 
there, he sat down against the tree where he always ate lunch 
under.  He was about to wake the sleeping girl, but when he looked 
down, he saw a beautiful sleeping face.  He decided against waking 
her.  As gently as he could, he moved her out of his arms and 
placed her against the tree, then he saw her shiver.  Tenchi, of 
course being "Mr. Gentlemen", took of his outer shirt and tucked 
it around the sleeping angel.  "You take a nap, I'll do the work." 
he said as he lightly kissed her forehead.

	He stood up, and went to the carrots to start collecting the 
thing Ryo-ohki love the most, or was it....?  'Don't be silly, she 
loves carrots more than life!' as his brain tried to slap some 
sense into him, his heart disagreed.  He decided to save this 
conversation for a later time.  He only picked a few carrots 
before stopping and looking at the sleeping bundle.  He 
reluctantly went back to his work, only to stop again ten seconds 
later and look at her again.

	He tried to get back to work several times, but he couldn't 
focus on his chores.  Finally he gave up and started walking back 
to the tree.  "These carrots aren't going anywhere" he sighed.  As 
he sat down next to her, she leaned onto his side and rested her 
head on his chest.  He suddenly lost all his energy, with the last 
of his strength, he put his arm around her and hugged her close.

	Ryo-ohki slowly started to wake up, but she didn't want to 
wake up from paradise.  She had dreamed about Tenchi, he had 
hugged her, gave her breakfast, carried her, and best of all, 
asked if she wanted to help him.  She lost the battle to say 
asleep, as she started to open her eyes see felt warm all over.  
She look up and her heart stopped, she saw her dreams turned to 
reality.  She hadn't been dreaming!  Tenchi was hugging her close 
to him as he happily sleep.

	She could see why Ryoko watched his sleep, he was beautiful!  
Not that he hasn't any less handsome when he was awake, there was 
just a different look to him.  She held his free hand, brought it 
up to her face and rubbed his palm against her cheek feeling his 
smooth skin against her fur.  She took his hand away from her 
cheek and lightly kissed the back of his hand.  As soon as she did 
that, Tenchi woke up.

	She quickly dropped his hand, blushing, trying to pull 
herself away before he would yell at her.  Tenchi realized what 
she was thinking he would do, "No, please don't leave." he begged 
holding one of her small hands so she couldn't run away before he 
talked to her.  She stopped trying to escape letting out a 
questioning "Meow?"

"Your fur is so soft and silky, I don't see why you're 
embarrassed.  I'm not." he said sincerely

"miya?"

"Yes, Your the most beautiful thing I've ever seen." he choked 
out, he had a knot that covered his entire chest.  He wanted the 
knot in his chest to be gone, but he didn't what this moment to 
end.  He saw the tears of joy in her eyes, he wiped down and 
lightly wiped them away with the back of his hand.  Then he 
noticed the tears in his own eyes, he rubbed his tears away with 
his sleeve.  And dropped his jaw when he saw the sheer beauty of 
Ryo-ohki's adult form!

	She was a vision of perfection,  he had only seen hear as an 
adult once before, right after she had merged with the MASU.  Then 
she had only stayed in that form for a few seconds.  She had only 
said the first word that came to her mind 'ca....ca...carrot.'

	They looked deep into each others eyes, searching their 
souls.  Unlike this morning, thought, the silence was not broken 
by their stomachs, but by Ryo-ohki.  "I....I L.....I love you, 
Tenchi!" she cried out.  Tenchi was shocked, his brain thinking 
about her talking, and his heart thinking about *what* she *said.*  
Now it was his turn to be zoned out.  She looked deep into his 
eyes, they were focusing past her into space. "T...Tenchi?" she 
asked, looking worried, wondering if she had gone too far.

	The war of Tenchi's heart and brain was raging.  His brain 
wanting to ask how she was talking, and his heart wanted to know 
why he wasn't say anything back to her.  For a man that always 
thought thinks through, it was a first when his heart won.  
"S...sor..sorry!" she cried and started to stand so she could run 
away.

	Tenchi finally regained control over his body just as Ryo-
ohki started to stand.  His arms reached out and grabbed her 
forearms, and with out caring about the consequences, kissed her.  
She almost zoned out again, but she knew if she did, the kiss 
would end.  She returned his kiss almost violently, Tenchi was 
surprised at the sudden burst of energy, but recovered and 
returned the strength of her kiss.  They sat there on their knees 
on the ground under a lone tree kissing for what was both an 
eternity and a blink of an eye.  They cried tears of pure, 
unsoiled, love.  They each grabbed back of each others heads, 
pressing themselves together as if they were trying to merge with 
each other.

	Then, just as suddenly as he started the kiss, he broke off 
the kiss.  Even though she was sad about stopping the kiss, her 
happiness over the whole day balanced it out.  He stared at her 
face, the pure joy shined on her face brighter than anything he 
had ever seen.  After seeing her face, all he could say was "I 
love you twice as much."

	They smiled at each other, until Ryo-ohki shivered he looked 
down, and realized she was naked!  'Oh right, in this form she 
hadn't been dressed like when she was in her younger form.'  
Tenchi actually surprised himself by acting calmly, and handing 
her his shirt that he had taken off earlier, she looked at it 
confused at first, then she also realized she was naked.  Calmly 
taking the shirt from her love, she slipped it on.  The shirt was 
a very loose fit that covered most of her body, all the way down 
to her mid-thigh.  "Wow" Tenchi gasped, Ryo-ohki heard this and 
stood up.  He got scared 'did I say something wrong!?' he started 
to get up, but she grabbed his shoulders and pushed him back down.  

	Tenchi was relived that she wasn't leaving, and sat back 
down, to watch her.  She walked  away just a little, too far for 
him(anywhere was too far for his tastes), and started to model 
like she had seen on the TV.  After all if the girls weren't 
watching  a cheesy soap opera, it was a fashion show.  She started 
to pose, like she was on the runway.  Tenchi grinned and started 
to make crowd noises, like cheers and wolf-whistles at the model.  
She smiled at Tenchi's reaction, and started to walk seductively 
toward him.

	 He was stunned, not just by her beauty, but the way she 
acted as well.  She looked amazingly like Ryoko would when she 
tried to seduce him.  The only difference was he enjoyed this much 
more then anything Ryoko had tried.  As she came closer to him, he 
lost his voice and all other thought not about her where gone.  
The only thing he could do was silently mouth "beautiful..."  She 
saw his eyes go wide with awe, and noticed him say something 
silently.  She may not have heard it, but she knew exactly what he 
said.

	She smiled ear-to-ear and quickened her pace toward him.  He 
almost wish she hadn't, he enjoyed the show so much he wanted it 
to last forever, but he was happier that she was longing to get 
back to his embrace.  She sat down next to him, resting her head 
on his shoulder.  He lightly brushed her hair, and whispered, "I 
love you."  She picked her head up and looked deep into his eyes, 
"I love you to"  That finally restarted Tenchi's brain, that had 
been on hold since the kiss.

"How did you learn all this words?  Not that I'm complaining." She 
looked away him, trying to form the words

"I listen to everyone" she said with a little unsure of her voice, 
"hear them talk, I practice sometimes."  She wanted to make the 
words perfect.  She knew what the words were, just not how to say 
them.  He cupped her chin and made her look at him, tears forming 
in her eyes.  "Don't be mad" she said, her voice shaking.

	"Why would I be mad, it's a great thing.  I'm so happy for 
you." he said, tears forming in his eyes as well.  He pulled her 
head closer to his, but she was already leaning in toward him.  
They kissed, not with the power of their first kiss, but a loving, 
tender kiss of two hearts beating as one.

	The kiss lasted much longer then the other one had, neither 
one of them wanting to break away first.  Then much like this 
mornings hug, their stomachs growled at them, reminding them of 
the time.  Sadly they broke the kiss, he looked at his watch, 
12:33.  No wonder they were both so hungry, it was almost lunch 
time!  "Time to go home, break the news and a few hearts." he 
added sadly.

------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

Preview of next chapter:  Ground Zero

	Tenchi sat at the dinner table, hearing the regular dinner 
table talk, but not listening to it.  He was thinking about what 
he would say, planning it, perfecting it, but it still didn't make 
it any easier. He slowly stood up, "Everyone, I have an 
announcement......"

------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

	So what do you think about my first fanfic?  Send me your 
ideas, comments, and flames.  If I get enough positive feedback, 
I'll write the lemon version of this story.

