Ryo-ohki: Preparing for the Future
Written by: Sam Roed (canyonairo@aol.com)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------

This story is for all the impossible loves in the world.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------
	Disclaimer:  I don't own any of the characters in this story, I just use 
them for my
own slightly off-the-wall sense of humor.  Blah blah blah.... don't sue me... 
blah blah
blah.... all characters are property of Viz and/or Pioneer.  Anyway, on to the 
next part of my first fanfic (Washu puppets appear on author's shoulders)   "You 
are the greatest Sam!"  "The best writer in the universe!"  (I know, that was an 
uncalled for lie, but hey I got low self-esteem)  I appreciate comments and 
criticism.  I wrote this out of emotion, even though I'm a firm Ryoko + Tenchi = 
love, but I like Ryo-ohki as much as Ryoko. so I put all my feelings about her 
into this story. (note: unless said so, Ryo-ohki is in her adult
form)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------

	"Everbody, come here." Tenchi said, they all leaned in close to Tenchi and 
Ryo-ohki, forming a tight semi-circle in front of the couple.  They all started 
at him, wanting to hear what was so important, suddenly Ryo-ohki raised her head 
up in front of everyone's faces with her palm facing herself and Tenchi.  At 
first no one knew why she was doing this, then Nobuyuki's eyes grew to the size 
of dinner plates.  "Does this mean what I think it does!" he shouted, all faces 
turn to him.

	"Right again dad, we're engaged." Tenchi nodded, everyone's faces light up 
and then they suddenly cheered.  "Tenchi's getting married!" Sasami started to 
chant, and after half a second everyone but Tenchi and Ryo-ohki joined in.  They 
started to dance in some kind of strange mix between riverdance and breakdance.  
Lamps, pictures, and dishes started to crash to the ground from the rumbling of 
the spontaneous dance.

	Tenchi and Ryo-ohki just smiled at each other, "I think they taking it 
quite well." he whispered to his fianc‚.  She grinned and hugged him tightly, "I 
wouldn't expect anything less." she replied.  He looked down at her, and 
realized somthing, "Hey dad," he called out over the chanting, they all stopped 
and looked at Tenchi.  "What is it my boy?" he asked, his smiled fading.

	"Can I have some money to get Ryo-ohki some clothes?  After all, she can't 
wear mom's old clothes forever." he asked carefully.

	"Why waste your money when I can make you any clothes you want." Washu 
interrupted.

	"That's not the point Washu." Nobuyuki said as he pulled out his wallet 
and handed him a wad of cash, "it's the principal of the thing."

	"Thanks dad!" Tenchi grinned, "see you in a few hours."  As he turned to 
leave, someone grabbed his arm, "Hang on a second, let me give you something." 
she pulled a pin out from behind her back and gave it to Ryo-ohki, "here, put 
this on.  No offense, but people aren't used to cabbits.  So this will put up a 
hologram around you and make you look like a regular human."

	She pinned it on, and Tenchi didn't see any difference.  "Um, Washu I 
think it's broken."  He turn back to everyone else and saw their eyes widen.  
"Quite the opposit Tenchi, I programmed it so only you and Ryo-ohki don't see 
it.  It's a little hard to shop for clothes if you don't know what you look like 
in it." Washu said.

	"Thank you little Washu." he grinned and walked out the door.  As Tenchi 
and Ryo-ohki walked down the hill toward the bus stop, they pass by the onsen 
and saw flashes and felt the rumble of contained explosions.  Even though they 
knew that neither of them could escape, they started to run away from the 
floating island.

	They reached the bottom of the hill and got to the bus stop just as the 
bus came roaring toward them.  Ryo-ohki stepped behind Tenchi, it was the first 
time she had been around such a loud thing hurling at her.  "Don't worry, he all 
was speeds by, since he's always late." he said soothingly looking back at her.  
As the bus apprched it slowed down and stopped next to them.

	The ride to the mall was unevenful, Ryo-ohki looking around to she if 
anyone was staring at her, and Tenchi hugging her close.  At the mall, they 
entered the women's underware section, and Tenchi became very uncomfortable.  He 
handed her half of the wad of money, "You don't need me to do this." he said 
shakily.

	"But I do need your opinions." she said a little dissapointed, but she 
knew he was a little shy about looking at bras and panties for too long.  
"Surprise me, I'll be back in fifteen minutes." pointing to a big clock that 
could be seen from anywhere in the store.  He dashed off toward the book store 
and arcade.  She sighed and walked into the bras section.

	Fifteen minutes later they meet up again, she was carrying a medium-sized 
bag full of bras, panties, and lingerie for the honeymoon.  She looked 
suductivly at Tenchi, "I can't wait to show you what I got." she purred.  He 
looked back at her grinning, "I can't wait.  I want to show you what I got."  He 
pulled out a gold locket out from his pocket and handed it to her.  It had a 
carrot engraved on the cover, and on the inside it had a picture of Tenchi and 
Ryo-ohki sitting together on the couch with his arm around her, both of them 
smiling broadly.  There was an engraving on the inside cover, "To the woman I 
love, Tenchi"  Her eyes watered over, "it's...beautiful, thank you"  She dropped 
her bag and hugged him amost too tightly for him to breath, but he didn't care, 
seeing her happy was the most important thing to him.

	Tenchi reluctently pryed himself off of her when he noticed people were 
starting to stare.  "Come on, let's get you some clothes, I have most of dad's 
money left."  She nodded and he lead her to the women's dresses.

	An hour later, they both walked out of the store, with Tenchi carrying two 
extra-large bags full of dresses for any occasion, and Ryo-ohki still carrying 
the bag of underware and wearing the locket he gave her.  He sighed, not because 
of boredom (he was having the most fun he had ener had in a department store), 
he had used almost all of dad's money.  It would take him weeks to save up 
enough for her wedding ring.  "What's wrong Tenchi?" she asked when she heard 
him sigh, "Am I boring you?"

	"What? No no no, I'm just a little sad we spent all the money.  There was 
something else I had wanted to buy, but now I can't." He sighed again and 
shrugged it off, "Oh well, I can get it in a week or two." and started to 
chuckle, "I like what we got just as much."

	The ride back home was even less eventful than the way to the mall, the 
only change was there were less people on the bus.  On the trail Ryo-ohki took 
off Washu's pin and placed it in his pocket, "I have a feeling that I'll need 
this again." she said to nobody.  By the time they got back to the house, it was 
past 9:00p.m.  "We're home!" he called out as they opened the door, and nearly 
screamed when he saw Aeka and Ryoko.

	"Don't worry, we aren't going to try and kill you." ryoko said in a 
surprisingly good mood.

	"You...you're not mad?" Tenchi asked

	"No we're still mad as hell." Aeka said in the same happy tone.  Tenchi's 
was went pale, he startedto worry for his lover's safety.  "Ok, we'll just leave 
you two alone now," he held Ryo-ohki behind ham and started to sidestep toward 
the stairs, "see you at breakfast."  In a flash he was up the stairs and in his 
room, with Ryo-ohki in tow.

	He sighed as he closed the door behind them, he dropped the two bags and 
fell on to his bed, "That was scary." he said, muffled since he was talking 
through the mattress.  Ryo-ohki sat beside him and started to stroke his hair, 
"I wonder if they know we're engaged?" she thought outloud.

	"I sure hope so.  But I sure don't want to be here if they don't." he said 
lifting his head and twisted himself so he was sitting next to her.  Suddenly he 
started sniffing, she backed away from him and smelled something also.  They 
both looked like idiots, sitting there sniffing the air around them.  They both 
realized what it was, "We stink!" he said, "It's no wonder, neither of us has 
taken a bath in two days."

	Ryo-ohki started serching in her bag for something to wear after they had 
washed up.  Tenchi leaned down to help her look, "No." she said playfully 
slapping his hand away, "I can do it, you just look for your own clothes."  She 
didn't mind him look at the clothes, and picturing her in them, but she didn't 
want to see what she had gotten for the honeymoon.  He got up and went over to 
his closet and came back with two towels and the clothes he would change into.

	They walked out of his room and snuck to the onsen, not wanting Ryoko or 
Aeka seeing them.  They reached the onsen without anyone seeing them, "See you 
in fifteen minutes." he said and walked to the men's side.  She watched him walk 
off and walked off to the women's side.  They both bathed in peace, he called 
over the wall every two minutes or so, just to see if she was still alive.  
About fifteen minutes later they both came out from the respective sides of the 
onsen, dressed in their night clothes.

	"I feel great," he said walking over to her and hugging her, "but it was 
kinda lonly in there."

	"I know what you mean, we haven't been apart since yesterday." she grinned 
and looked up at him slyly, "now that I'm clean, I feel like getting dirty." she 
winked.  He blushed a dark red, after he lost the redness, he said what she 
thought he would, "Not yet," and shocked her when he added, "We haven't have 
dinner yet." and winked back at her.  He kissed her forehead and walked toward 
the door, "Let's go, I think we'll both need the energy later." and walked 
toward the house, leaving her standing there dumbfounded, with her  wide eyed 
and her mouth hanging open.  'I never expected this much boldness from shy 
little Tenchi' she thought, she snapped out of it and ran out to ask him why he 
was so bold and to make sure he finish dinner as fast as he could.

	Five minutes they were all sitting around the table, with Ryo-ohki trying 
to make Tenchi eat too much a once.  'She's in a hurry' thought Sasami, everyone 
else had an idea why she wanted to finish dinner, to get away from Ryoko and 
Aeka's stares of envy, and hatred of the woman that Tenchi loved.  They also had 
another idea, but they thought Tenchi wasn't bold enough to do that.

	After dinner was over, everyone went their separate ways; Washu was back 
in her lab, Ryoko, Aeka, and Nobuyuki were watching the TV (well, Nobuyuki  was 
watching, Ryoko and Aeka were staring off into space), Sasami and Tenchi were 
helping clean the dishes, Ryo-ohki still sitting at the table waiting for him to 
finish helping.  Tenchi took his time helping Sasami, not because he didn't want 
to, hell no, but he was nervous about what he would be doing in a few minutes.

	CRASH!  "I'm sorry Sasami." he said and started to pick up the pieces of a 
dish with shaking hands.  Sasami saw his hands were shaking uncontrollably, 
"Tenchi, go to bed, your nerves are shot."  Ryo-ohki's eyes lit up when she 
heard this, she ran into the kitchen and grabbed his arm and started to lead him 
out, "Sasami can finish with the dishes." she said tugging on his arm and 
looking up at him pleadingly.

	He couldn't resist her beautiful face anymore, he yawned, streching his 
left arm around her, "You're right Sasami, I'm really tired." he said winking at 
Ryo-ohki.  They both walked out of the kitcen leaving Sasami why they were 
acting so weird.  They snuck past everyone in the living room and crept up the 
stairs and into his room.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------

Preview of next chapter: A Gown of White and a Tux of Black

	Tenchi woke up from a deep sleep and was staring in to a pair of very 
feline eyes looking back at him lovingly, "Morning my Tenchi." she purred.  She 
was still worn out from last night and wanted to doze off, but she rather watch 
him sleep.  Tenchi slid his arms around her and hugged her tightly, "Morning?  
We still have three hours before the sun rises." he said jokingly.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------

	Tsk tsk tsk.  Sorry but this is not a lemon, it's just the gerneral 
release.  But if you want the *whole* chapter, e-mail me at Canyonairo@aol.com, 
and I'll send it to you in simple text.  As always, send me your flames, 
comments, and/or criticism.  Thanks for you time.  later!

