Ryo-ohki: Fallout
written by: Sam Roed (canyonairo@aol.com)
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

This story is for all the impossible loves in the world.
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------
	Disclaimer:  I don't own any of the characters in this story, 
I just use them for my
own slightly off-the-wall sense of humor.  Blah blah blah.... 
don't sue me... blah blah
blah.... all characters are property of Viz and/or Pioneer.  
Anyway, on to the next part of my first fanfic (Washu puppets 
appear on author's shoulders)   "You are the greatest Sam!"  "The 
best writer in the universe!"  (I know, that was an uncalled for 
lie, but hey I got low self-esteem)  I appreciate comments and 
criticism.  I wrote this out of emotion, even though I'm a firm 
Ryoko + Tenchi = love, but I like Ryo-ohki as much as Ryoko. so I 
put all my feelings about her into this story. (note: unless said 
so, Ryo-ohki is in her adult
form)

------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

	As Tenchi closed the door to his room Ryo-ohki waved goodbye 
to Nobuyuki and his camera.  As soon as the door slid shut, Tenchi 
lightly tossed his lover on to the bed, and flipped the light 
switch.  He quickly fell next to her, making her body bounce up a 
few inches.  They broke out into gut busting laughter, "Did you 
see the look on his face!" she said between laughing and gasping.

	"That's the first nosebleed I can ever remember him having!" 
Tenchi said, barely getting enough air.  "We'll have to do that 
again." not realizing what he had said.

	"Yeah, that was funny." she giggled back, they both stopped 
laughing, "Tenchi, why did we stop?" she said actually wondering.

	"I...don't...know." he said as they leaned toward each other.  
They lightly kissed once, looked at each other, and kissed a deep, 
passionate, and loving.  Then they felt it, even though their eyes 
were closed, they felt someone watching them.  They quickly broke 
the kiss, and looked out the window.  And their eyes met a lens 
with a red light above it, and a man with a moustache.

	Tenchi got up and walked over to the window, Tenchi and Ryo-
ohki waved goodbye once again to the camara, as he dropped the 
blinds, with Nobuyuki trying to film every moment he could.  "Oh 
Dad, what an embarrassment," he sighed.  Turning around to a 
beautiful goddess seductively sitting on his bed with her legs 
crossed at the knee, and her kimono untied, leaving almost nothing 
to image. "But I can't blame him for wanting to see a goddess." he 
proudly said, smiling broadly.

	"Oh, you mean little ol' me?" she asked innocently, "why, 
Tenchi, I had no idea you felt that way about me." she mockingly 
gasped.

	"Yes ma'am, I've always had a strong urge to tell you, but I 
never had any courage to tell you," he said acting like some 
American actor he had seen on the TV.

	"Well come here and I'll show you how I feel." she purred at 
him.  Tenchi sat down next to her on the bed.  "I love you" she 
said in her regular tone.  They kissed each other lightly, but 
with a passion.  The world around them was at a stand still, that 
is until an explosion ripped through the house.  They fell off the 
bed and landed in a pile of dirty clothes.  Tenchi looked around, 
they had landed in the laundry room, he looked up and saw a hole 
in the floor of his room.

	"Wonder what that was." said Ryo-ohki with a dirty pair of 
underware hanging off one of her ears.

	Tenchi barely supressing a laugh, "I'll give you two 
guesses."

	"WASHU!!!!" they both yelled at the pint-sized scentist.  As 
they stormed over to her closet, Ryo-ohki made sure to tie her 
kimono up. "Washu!, what the hell did you do this time!!!!" he 
scearmed at the door.

	The door opened, and a blacked Washu fell face first onto the 
floor.  "ow" she whispered, "I should have turned it COUNTER-
CLOCKWISE."

	"What did you screw up now?" he said calmly, picking up the 
cajun-styled genius.

	"I never 'screw up!' " she said defensively.  "I just made an 
error." adding meekly.

	"I don't care!  You could have killed someone!" he said in a 
rage

	Ryo-ohki stepped to his side and hugged him, "but no one was, 
so calm down." she said in a calming voice.

	Seeing her, with the underware still hanging from her ear, 
relaxed him more then anyone else could.  Sighing, "You're right, 
sorry Washu I didn't mean to snap at you."

	"Forget about my little guinea pig, I'll remember to turn 
thing in the right direction.  Besides, you could use a laundry 
chute and a few more skylights." she grinned

	"I think your right, but you have to fix the burned parts of 
the house."  he said jokingly, all the anger was gone.  He grinned 
at his lover, as he picked the laundry off of her ear.  she had a 
disgusted look on her normally happy face, "Please god, not....."

	"Dad's" he grinned sheepishly, Washu and he suddenly broke 
out into wild laughter.

	"Shut up." she lightly punched his arm, and grabbed the 
underware from his grasp, and pulled them over his head.

	"AHHHHH!!  Get 'em off!  Get 'em off!" he yelled while 
clawing at them.  Finally getting them off his head, he look at 
Ryo-ohki, "oh, now your going to pay," he said in a surprisingly 
evil voice.  He crouched and put his shoulder into her waist and 
picked her up quite easily.

	"Oh-no, somebody help me!" she said like a damsel in 
distress, playfully punching his back and kicking her legs.  Washu 
looked on, still laughing at the young couple.  Had she ever been 
so carefree?  'My, how love dismisses all of your worries.'  As 
she watched Tenchi carry his love out of the the hall and back up 
stairs, she started to make the repairs on the walls from her 
holo-top.

	As they reached the top of the stairs, they heard the 
princess's door start to slide open, "It was just Washu!" they 
yelled down the hall.  The door stopped, then slid closed.  They 
smilied at the door and then at each other.  Then a thought hit 
Tenchi like a brick wall, she had been wearing his grandmother's 
kimono all day long.  He turned and started walking toward the 
attic.  "Where are you taking me now?" she cooed.

	"You'll see," he replied slyly

	"Please!" she whined like an impatient child.

	"No, its a surprise." he stated simply.  She sighed and 
realized somthing, "Tenchi, could you please either put me down or 
get your shoulder out of my stomach?"

	"Oops" he said, his shoulder had been pressing onto her for 
too long.  He shifted her around so he holding her back and the 
bottom of her thighs, like a groom carrying his bride.

	He reached the end of the hall, and pulled down the steps to 
the attic.  He set her back on her feet, bowing and motioning 
toward the steps, "After you."  She cautiously walked up to the 
attic, wondering what he was up to.

	She had never been up here before, she never like being in 
small spaces, especially alone.  'This isn't so bad, its not as 
cramped as I had thought.'  It had enough room to comfortably 
stand, with a single florescent light hanging from the ceiling.  
There wasn't that much stuff, just some cardboard boxes and some 
wall replacement panels around, that left a big empty area in the 
middle of the room.

	"Oh Tenchi!  Do you bring all your girlfriends here?" she 
said.

	"Have a seat." he said pointing to a stack of boxes, bearly 
holding back a laugh.  She sat on a box and watched Tenchi start 
moving boxes out of his way.  After he moved about five of them, 
he pulled out one that to her looked like all the others.  He put 
the other boxes back where he took them from, and walked back to 
her carrying the one he had been looking for.

	"Here's another gift of my love." he said with no humor in 
his voice.  He placed the box infront of her feet, and opened it 
to revile,,, clothes!  They were clothing for a women's mid-sized 
frame, just her size.  "They were my mother's, they should fit you 
pretty well." he said smiling at the clothing, remembering the 
other woman he had loved.

	She started to pull out some things; socks, shoes, and even 
underwear!  He blushed, "Thank goodness my dad is so sentimental, 
he could never get rid of these."  She grinned at him, and saw 
something in the box that she had seen before.  An ear-to-ear 
smile broke out on her face, she quickly grabbed the bit of 
clothing, along with other things that caught her eye like, bra, 
panties, shoes, and socks.  She hurried behind a wall replacement 
panel with the wad of clothing.

	She leaned her head out from the panel "No peeking!"

	"Who? Me?" he replied innocently.

	She grinned and leaned back behind the panel.  He turned his 
back to her, and started looking through the box of his mother's 
clothes.  After a few minutes, she stepped out from the panel, 
"Now turn around, my Tenchi." she said in a much younger tone.  He 
turned his head and his jaw hit the sofa on the first floor.

	She was wearing Achika's school uniform!  His face filled 
with awe, remembrance, and a slight hint of lust.  She spun around 
in a circle, the dress fluttering outwards like a beautiful 
dancer.  "Once again I'd ask how I look, but your eyes say it 
all," she narrowed her eyes at him and saw the other emotion on 
his face, "oh Tenchi, you wouldn't do that to a school girl would 
you?" her voice very suggestive.

	He mouth working silently, trying to form words but with no 
sound being made.  She smiled, 'Wow I thought he would only be out 
for a second or two.'  She started to slyly waltz over to her 
lover, she sat down next to him.  She lightly kissed his cheek, 
"you're the most perfect thing that I've ever seen!" he marveled.  
With that he kissed her with more emotion then he thought he had.

	She had expected only a fraction of the power from the kiss, 
but she reacted instantly, returning all the emotion he was using, 
maybe even more.  They sat there locked in a kiss that had more 
love behind it then anything else in the world.  She slowly 
started to more her hand between his legs, his eyes shot open and 
he suddenly backed away from her lips.

	"I'm sorry, but it's just not right.  I mean, I love you more 
then my own life, but here on Earth, most people wait until 
they're married."

	She had a face of absolute saddness, "Please Tenchi, forgive 
me, I am so sorry." she was on the verge of tears.  It was a t 
this moment Tenchi decided to take the biggest chance of his life, 
more dangerous then Katgato, and more full of mystery then 
Tsunami.  He picked her up and sat her on a box, he kneeled 
infront of her.  He reached in his back pocket and pulled out a 
small black box.

	"Ryo-ohki Hakubi will you marry me?" he said, utterly 
seriously.  Inside of the box was the same gold ring with a single 
small diamond his father had given his mother for their 
engagement.  Nobuyuki had given it to him after Aeka and Ryoko 
came to the house.  When he gave it to Tenchi, he said dead 
seriously, 'Carry it with you all the time, you never know when 
the moment will come, I sure didn't.'

	'How will I know when its time?' he had asked

	'You'll know.  Your heart will let you know, and your heart 
is never wrong.' that was the most respectable thing he had ever 
said to this day.

	Ryo-ohki looked at Tenchi, in shock.  She had seen this 
happen on those cheesy soap operas.  She knew what marriage was, 
but never knew what was so special about it until now.  "Yes." she 
managed to choke out.  they looked deep into each other's souls, 
as if they had been in the dark until now and she hugged him.  Not 
with strength, but with love.


------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------

Preview of next chapter: Aftermath

	By morning everybody had started to worry about Aeka and 
Ryoko.  They hadn't come home last night, not that he would have 
heard them.  They all sat down at the table, ready to eat another 
one of Sasami's gourmet meals, the front door slid open.  A pair 
of fools walked into the kitchen.

------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------

Tah-da!  How was that?  Don't worry, there is more on the way.  
Ryoko and Aeka aren't out of the plot just yet.  Once again, send 
flames, comments, and/or criticism to Canyonairo@aol.com.  Thanks 
for you time.  'til next time, happy reading

