(author's note: though a character from TMiL
is in use here, this storyline is in the OAV
series and TMiL has not happened.)

TENCHI MUYO RYO-OHKI PLUS ONE
---------------------------------------------------------
-FIRST PROLOGUE-

The scientist brushed the sweat from her brow
and looked over her newest creation.  She had
wanted to use a human, knowing that as such
he'd fit in much better in most places. But it
turned out that using a human was just not
possible. Even for her. Their senses just couldn't
be enhanced to her satisfaction, and when they
were enhanced too much, it often drove them
mad.

Her last attempt at enhancing a human had
been a complete and utter failure. One that she
didn't like to recall.

She'd studied other species, and managed to find
only one that she could use. Arriving, via subspace
door on their homeworld, she found it in ruins. Most
of the race was gone; burned to skeletons. Some lay
out in the open, others were crushed under the
remains of their homes and workplaces.

She had almost given up her search for survivors
when she heard a baby crying somewhere in the
middle distance. Hurrying in the direction of the sound,
she found the race's sole survivor. Unlike the rest of his
race, whose only hair was their fur, he had beautiful
chestnut brown hair which reached down to the base of
his neck. It framed his batlike face and ears in a manner
which the young scientist found most kawaii.

"You're perfect." She told him as she took him back to
her lab.

For the next two decades, she trained him, honing his
senses to a razor's edge. She had just fitted him with
a top of the line cybernetic arm and eyes, the former
as a weapon, the latter as a neccessity (his own eyes
were useless anywhere brighter than a darkroom), when
the door to her lab flew open and that failed experiment
of hers strolled in.

"It's nice to see you again, professor." He bowed.

"I can't say the same about you." She replied.

"So, this is my replacement is it?" He looked over the
batlike creature with distaste. "This is truly insulting. To
think you prefer such a hideous creature over me!"

"What do you want?" She demanded.

"Here, listen to this." He took a recording device from his
pocket and pressed the [PLAY] button.  The sound of a
young woman crying out in pain as electricity was applied
to her body could be heard.

"YOU FIEND!" The scientist recognized the voice of her
daughter. She hadn't been too concerned at her absence.
The girl was almost never home on time. But now, she
realized that the girl was in serious trouble.

"Unless you turn this ship over to me," he said, "I will
torture your precious daughter until either she dies or
goes mad from the pain. And if she goes mad, I will
see to it that she is placed in the worst insane asylum
I can find."

The scientist quietly injected something into the living arm
of the batlike humanoid, causing him to fall over.

"What are you doing?" the intruder demanded.

"I'd rather destroy him than see him fall into your hands." She
started toward the garbage chute.

"No." the intruder ordered. "Put him in the escape pod and
jettison it."

The scientist knew that the intruder's intention was to rid her
of her only means of escaping him. She considered taking off,
but wasn't entirely sure she could find her daughter before he
carried out his revenge. She boarded the ship and placed the
body in cryostasis.

"What are you doing?" the intruder demanded.

The scientist explained that a body in stasis would attract
less police attention than an escape pod with a dead body
in it.

The intruder nodded and backed out of the escape pod.

The scientist flipped a couple extra switches, setting
the time and date when the cryo unit would thaw out and
awaken its occupant, who was, in truth, only sleeping.

As she turned the cryo unit on, she whispered to the still
form within.

"Protect Ryoko."

-SECOND PROLOGUE-

The weather was mild as the old man made
his way quietly up the path to the Masaki
Shrine. The Shrine had stood for a very long
time and was in surprisingly good condition
for its age.

The same could be said for the Shrine's current
owner, Katsuhito Masaki. A descendant of the
legendary samurai Yosho, or so he claimed. As
old as he was, he was still very fit. He kept a
daily regimen of meditation and excersize. He
ate fairly well. He'd been cooking his own meals
for about twelve years, since his daughter had
passed away leaving a grieving husband and son
behind her.

Katsuhito adored the boy, and took it upon himself
to train him in the ways of the samurai. Every
summer, since his mother had passed away, Tenchi
had come to the Shrine to train with his grandfather.

Every summer, Tenchi tried his hardest to attain the
keys to the gate which barred the Demon's Cave, a
legendary prison to which an ancient horror had long
ago been banished by Yosho.

Every summer, Tenchi failed.

This summer was going to be very different.