TM! Ryo-ohki+1
Episode 4: Kiyone and Mihoshi Fall To The Land Of Stars

(note: This episode will effectively combine the events in OAVs
#4 and #5 and there is a complete revamping of the Galaxy
Police.)

-------------------------------------------------------

Nobuyuki pulled the station wagon up to the front of the Inn.
"We're here." he told the others.

Sasami let out a happy cheering laugh as she jumped out of the
car.

"Sasami, you shouldn't yell like that." Ayeka scolded as she
departed the car in a more serene manner.

"Welcome to my inn, Nobuyuki," a kindly old woman called as she
stepped outside to greet them. "My this a large crowd." She
smiled, knowingly. "Are they all Tenchi's gir..." her voice
faltered as Chibishi got out of the car. For a moment, everyone
thought she'd have a heart attack or start screaming.

After a long silence, she finally spoke. "Try not to leave too
much fur on the furniture." She told him as she returned to her
innkeeping duties.

* * * * *

Lightyears away, an ancient alien probe fed data into the
computer banks of a dormant space station. The computer
studied the data.

In another room aboard the station, hundreds of cryogenic tubes
slowly thawed.

At the same time, the lights and heat slowly came up until both
reached a comfortable setting.

Eventually, the cryogenic tubes openned and all but one of the
occupants gracefully stepped out. They yawned and stretched.

Questions abounded. Why had they been awakened? What was going
on? Had *he* gotten out? How long had it been since they'd gone
into stasis?

*...zzzzzzz...*

They all turned to the source of the noise.

A pretty young woman was still sleeping even though her
cryogenic tube was thawed and opened.  Her pretty blond hair was
tied up behind her head with a red satin hair ribbon. Her head
was resting on her right shoulder and she was snoring loudly.

* * * * *

On the planet Earth, an alien responsible for the destruction of
hundreds of worlds was eating gyoza and watching TV. It had taken
him time to get the data he needed to make his move and by the
time he was ready, they had all left. That was extremely rude of
them, he had decided.

As he downed a cup of sake and turned on the evening news he
decided to teach them some manners as soon as they got back.

* * * * *

Unaware of either of these series of events, Tenchi Masaki was
nevertheless having problems.

Ryoko was sitting in mid-air in front of him, gazing at him in
a manner that struck him as odd.

"Tenchi," She asked in a tone that was much too familiar. She
leaned toward him and puckered up for a kiss, closing her eyes
as she did so.

A moment later, she kissed the furry back of Chibishi's left
hand.

At the same time, Tenchi, who had started to lean back before
Chibishi put up his hand, toppled backwards. He landed on his
buttocks and grimaced with mild pain.

"YUCK!" Ryoko exclaimed, making a series of spitting gestures.
She turned and glared at Chibishi, who suddenly vanished.

A moment later, a splash and a scream told Tenchi exactly where
Chibishi was.

Minutes later, Chibishi was running past them, fully dressed and
dripping wet. Following him, looking very angry, was Ayeka. She
was dressed only in a towel and was also dripping wet.

"COME BACK HERE, YOU PERVERT!!!" She shouted at him
