Ryo-ohki: Aftermath
Written by: Sam Roed (canyonairo@aol.com)
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

This story is for all the impossible loves in the world.
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------
	Disclaimer:  I don't own any of the characters in this story, 
I just use them for my
own slightly off-the-wall sense of humor.  Blah blah blah.... 
don't sue me... blah blah
blah.... all characters are property of Viz and/or Pioneer.  
Anyway, on to the next part of my first fanfic (Washu puppets 
appear on author's shoulders)   "You are the greatest Sam!"  "The 
best writer in the universe!"  (I know, that was an uncalled for 
lie, but hey I got low self-esteem)  I appreciate comments and 
criticism.  I wrote this out of emotion, even though I'm a firm 
Ryoko + Tenchi = love, but I like Ryo-ohki as much as Ryoko. so I 
put all my feelings about her into this story. (note: unless said 
so, Ryo-ohki is in her adult
form)

------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

	They sat there hugging, laughing, and crying tears of joy.  
She whispered, "Thank you, thank you."

	"No, thank you my love.  Before you my life was a living 
hell.  You finally brought me peace." he cried.

	She pulled back from the hug, and tearfully choked out, 
"Don't cry, my Tenchi."

	"I can't help it.  This is the happiest moment of my life.  
I'm finally with the woman I love." he gained control of the 
tears, "Come on, let's get you some sleeping clothes." nodding 
toward Achika's uniform.

	"Oh, I guess most people don't go to bed in their uniforms." 
she giggled.  He smiled at his fianc‚.  They started to rummage 
though the box, looking for something for her to wear.  "How's 
this?" she asked pulling out a robe and draping it in front of 
her.

	"Perfect." he beamed.  She smiled and walked off to the 
changing panel, as he repacked the clothes into the box.  After a 
minute, she walked out in the robe, even though it was modest, she 
made it look sexy.  He blushed just enough to be noticeable, 
"Thank you for the complement." she smiled innocently.  The blush 
rapidly disappeared, from his face.

	He stared at her and said, "WOW!"  He stood up and walked 
over to her, and kissed her deeply.  "Come on its almost eleven 
o'clock." he said after the kiss.  She followed her husband ('I 
never thought I would be able to have the privilege of saying 'her 
husband!' she thought) as he picked up the box and walked to the 
staircase.  He stopped at the top of the stairs, "I'll go first."  
He unsteadily walked down the steps.  

	'I hate steps' she thought, she still wasn't used to the much 
larger body.  She watched him reach the bottom, he set down the 
box and held his hand out toward her.  She took his hand and 
started to walk down the steps, suddenly she lost her balance and 
started to fall.  In one swift motion, he caught her and held her 
close to his chest.  "Careful" he chuckled, he kissed her forehead 
as he set her down.

	"Thank you oh white knight" she replied with a hint of 
sarcasm.

	"Fine, next time I'll let you fall." trying to sound hurt.  
They lightly laughed as they walked toward his room.  As she 
closed his door, he put down the box and remember what had caused 
the best night of his life.  "I'll be right back, I need to get 
some wood to fix the floor." he sighed.

	"Don't worry about that tonight," she grinned, "Besides, I 
have a feeling the house will need a lot more repaired by tomorrow 
night." adding sadly.

	"Hey, don't worry about tomorrow, right now is all that 
matters." he said looking deeply into her rapidly watering eyes.

	"Thanks Tench, I feel better now," wiping the tears from her 
eyes, "Let's get some sleep, tomorrow is going to be a big day."  
As they smiled at each other, she walked over to his bed, and 
jumped on to the mattress, "come here Tenchi," she commanded 
seductively.

	"Oh no, not tonight." he said grinning at his future wife, 
"as you said, we need our energy for tomorrow."

She looked at him with her saddest face she could muster.  "Ok 
Tenchi, if you say so."

"Hey hey hey, don't get me wrong, I want to, believe me.  Just not 
tonight, after all, I just proposed less than thirty minutes ago!  
That's a little too quick for me," he said while sitting down next 
to her wrapping his arms around her slender frame, "Besides, I 
think we've had enough action for one night." He grinned, 
"Alright, time to sleep."

	She saw that he was mostly asleep already, "OK."  She pried 
herself out of his grip. Then she eased his head down to the 
pillow, and pulled the covers over both of their bodies.  She 
curled up next to him, and whispered in his ear, "good night my 
Tenchi."  Her eyes closed and she fell into a deep, happy sleep.

	Tenchi slowly opened his eyes, and felt someone on his back.  
He almost yelled when he remembered that it was his fianc‚ and not 
Ryoko.  He slowly and carefully twisted to face her.  He grinned 
when he finally saw her face, "perfect as always" he whispered to 
himself.  He kissed her lightly, hugged her close, and then fell 
asleep while still in their loose embrace.

	The next morning everyone was starting to worry about Ryoko 
and Aeka.  They hadn't come home last night (not that he would 
have heard them, mind you).  Tenchi and Ryo-ohki had decided not 
to break the news just yet, they would wait until everyone was 
calm and Ryoko and Aeka had finished their demolition spree.

	Everyone was sitting around the breakfast table talking about 
the regular stuff; Sasami got a new recipe she wanted to try out 
tonight for dinner, Washu bragging about her latest invention, and 
dad complaining that his clients weren't giving him enough time to 
make plans for his projects.

	They all listened to each other, nobody really caring about 
the conversations, they were all off in their own little worlds.  
Except for Tenchi and Ryo-ohki, they were on their own planet, 
just the two of them. Suddenly the front door slid open.

	They looked up to see Ryoko and Aeka stumbling into the 
living room, laughing for no reason.  They both reeked heavily of 
sake, their clothes were filthy and uneven, like they had put them 
on in a hurry.  Sasami was the first to speak, "Before you two do 
anything else, go take a bath!" even though she was trying to 
sound mad, she sounded really funny because she was holding her 
nose and fanning the air in front of her.

	Ryoko and Aeka busted out laughing as they tried to walk out 
the door to the onsen.  As the front door closed behind the two 
drunkards, everyone at the table was speechless.  They didn't know 
whether to make a joke or be serious.  "So do you think they'll 
accept it or kill us both?" Tenchi asked in a regular tone, 
sipping at his tea.

	"Good question." his secret wife answered in the same tone, 
"we'll just have to wait and see."  Everybody else was stunned at 
the couple's reaction, They had at least expected Tenchi to start 
worrying a *little*!  "Takes after his grandfather." Nobuyuki 
sighed.

	it was after breakfast and neither Ryoko nor Aeka had 
returned from the onsen.  "can someone go and check up on those 
two?" Tenchi asked.

	"Not me," Ryo-ohki quickly responded, "I would probably never 
be seen again if I did."

	"We'll go!" Sasami jumped up and ran out the door with a 
stunned Washu in tow.  As Washu and Sasami carefully entered the 
onsen, looking for any sudden energy bolts or small hovoring logs.  
Suddenly, they were both caught in a choke hold for behind, they 
tried to escape, but that was useless.  "It's not her, let them 
go." said a monotone voice from their right.

	"You're right, it's just Washu and Sasami." the one holding 
them said, it was obviously Ryoko.  She let them both go, they 
fall to their knees coughing and rubbing their necks.  "Sorry 
about that you two, I thought you were Ryo- um, someone else." she 
said, trying to make it sound like a joke.

	"She was right, we'd never she her again if she came here." 
Sasami whispered to Washu.

	"What was that!?" Ryoko and Aeka snapped

	"no...nothing, we didn't say anything." they answered 
hastily, holding out their hands trying to settle the two women 
down.

	"Hey!  Would you to like to help us with something?" Aeka 
said trying to act as if she just thought it up.

	"Yeah! We could use your help!" Ryoko chimed in.  'Wow, they 
really planned this revenge thing out!' Sasami thought.  "No 
way!!!" Sasami yelled at the pair, "Ryo-ohki is my friend, I would 
never do anything to hurt her!  Besides, you two should be happy 
for her and Tenchi."

	Ryoko looked at Sasami dumbfounded, "Were we that obvious?"  
Sasami nodded simply at the pirate.

	"Fine, we don't need your help anyway!  It just would have 
made it easier." Aeka was on the verge of screaming.

	"Aeka!  If you hurt Ryo-ohki, I'll never talk to you or cook 
for you again." Sasami yelled back at her sister.  Everybody was 
stunned, they never knew that the little princess had such strong 
feelings about this.  Aeka sighed, "But Sasami, you have no idea 
how Ryoko or I feel."

	"That doesn't matter!  You shouldn't hurt the one Tenchi 
loves.  You should, however, accept it and be happy for them." 
Sasami replied, calming herself, "Now I want you two to stay in 
here until you calm down and accept it."

	"And to make sure you do," Washu said as a holo-pad appered 
in front of her and her fingers flew across the keys, "I'm locking 
you to in here with my Ryoko-proof sheild.  It will disingauge 
when your hearts are calm and stop thinking about revenge."  With 
a final key the onsen rummbled for a second, then stopped, "there 
we go!" she stated proudly wiping her hand together.

	"Ha ha, but now you two are locked in here with us!" Ryoko 
Said with a mix of anger and pride in her voice.

	"Don't be stupid!" Washu responed annoyied, "it only locks 
you two in here!" and with that Washu and Sasami walked out the 
door.

	"Wait a second!" Ryoko yelled, and flew after them.  WHAM!  
She instantly stopped five inches from the door, her face was 
flattened against the sheild.  As she slowly started to slide down 
the invisible wall, she hissed, "damn you Washu."  Suddenly she 
leaped back next to Aeka, they both screamed, and unleased their 
full power against the shield.

	"You were right Ryo-ohki," Sasami said almost amused, as she 
ran back into the house, "those two were waiting for you."  Ryo-
ohki, who was sitting on the couch, looked worried.  Tenchi, who 
was sitting on the other end of the couch, saw the look on her 
face and slid over to her, hugging her tightly to him.

	"They won't be bothering us for a while though, at least 
until they calm down, stop thinking about killing you, and accept 
that they lost." Washu saying matter-of-factly.

	"Washu, they didn't lose.  I'm not a prize to be won.  I made 
my own choice," he said looking deeply into his fianc‚'s eyes, 
"and I'm loving every second of it."  They lightly put their 
foreheads together, and smiled.  "by the way, what did you do to 
them exactly?" he asked, eyeing Washu.

	"Don't worry.  They're perfectly fine, just contained." she 
replied in her usual perky voice.  Tenchi just sighed, "I'd better 
not ask." he whispered to Ryo-ohki.  She stifled a giggle and 
nodded at him, "I don't blame you." she whispered back.

	"Hey! What are you two talking about?" Nobuyuki asked, trying 
as hard as he could to pry into their business.

	Tenchi leaned in and whispered something into Ryo-ohki's ear, 
she slowly nodded at him, it was time.

------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------

	Well, there you have it chapter four of my first fanfic.  
Will we be hearing wedding bells or funeral bagpipes?  You'll have 
to wait and see.  As always, send flames, comments, and/or 
criticism to Canyonairo@aol.com.  Thanks for you time.  'til next 
time, happy reading!


