						Ryoko's Secret
						A fanfic written by Dale



						Chapter 1: The Beginning of Trouble

	As dawn breaks the surface of the lake, Ryoko is seen flying just above 
the lakes surface. But the question is where is she going 
and why. "I winder when Tenchi will get up." Ryoko whined. She decided to take a 
flight over to Tenchi's window and have a 
look. "Damn, it's only 3 in the morning, I wonder what I can do till he wakes 
up." Ryoko flies towards Ayeka's room. 
"Oh this is too perfect." Ryoko squealed as she passed through the wall. "Now, 
where can I find her make-up?" she 
wondered, but as soon as she asked it hit her on the head. "Damn, what the hell 
hit me on the head. Oh there it is. Time to get 
to work." As she set into her work she began to think of how perfect this was.
	When, Ayeka woke up she felt a little funny and looked in the mirror. 
"AHHHHH, where is that devil woman??!!"
 Ayeka screamed when she saw her face, unaware that the "devil woman" was 
hovering just below her window laughing so 
hard to bust her sides. "I really need to do things like that more often, I 
wonder if Tenchi is up yet." As she flew back to his 
window she heard Ryo-Ohki just below. "What the hell do you want?" she yelled. 
"Meow!" Ryo-Ohki purred. "Look 
Ryo-Ohki I don't have the time to feed you now. Go and wake up Sassami!" Ryoko 
snapped. When she got to Tenchi's, Ryoko 
noticed that his bed was empty. "Damn must have just missed him." And with that 
she teleported to the living room to see 
what everyone was doing. "Hey Ayeka, I love the way you did your face up this 
morning." Still laughing from her little prank. 
"You did too Ryoko? So I am not the only one. YAY!" exclaimed Mihoshi. "DAMN IT 
RYOKO! I AM SO ANGRY ABOUT 
WHAT YOU DID TO MY PRECIOUS SKIN!" Ayeka screamed. "I am glad you like it Ayeka. 
Maybe Tenchi will like it too. You 
never know." Ryoko replied, still laughing. At that moment Tenchi entered the 
room and looked at Ayeka's face. "Miss Ayeka 
what happened." He asked. "I will tell you Tenchi. IT WAS THAT DEVIL WOMAN 
RYOKO!" She screamed at the top of her 
lungs. "Whoa there princess lets not jump to conclusions." Ryoko said. "Ryoko I 
am sorry but this time you have gone too far. 
You have to leave the house for awhile." said Tenchi "But Tenchi why?" Ryoko 
weeped. "Ryoko, there is an old shack near 
grandpa's temple you can live there for awhile, now go." Tenchi exclaimed. "Ok 
Tenchi, I will go, but who is going to keep me 
company?" Ryoko asked almost crying. "I don't know but you can come back in 3 
days. Then and only then will you be 
allowed back in this house." Tenchi said. "Tenchi," Sassamia said "Don't send 
her out of the house give her on more chance. 
Please???" She pleaded. "Why Sassami, why should Ryoko stay?" Tenchi asked. 
"Because we should give her one more 
chance, or." she continued, "we can let Washu experiment on her let she tries to 
do on you." "Ok Sassami but only because 
you trust her." Tenchi reasoned. "WHAT!!! I would rather take the shack near 
Yosho's temple than let Washu experiment on 
me." Ryoko yelled.

