                Ryoko's Past

          Ryoko gulped down another saucer of sake and turned the page of the 
latest romance comic she had swiped from Sasami.  Though she would never admit 
it,
she secretly loved the romances that Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ayeka always read.

            "It's that stupid Zero," Ryoko muttered to herself. But even she 
knew that wasn't exactly true.  Zero had only allowed Ryoko to be more honest to 
herself
about her own feelings.  When they first assimilated, Ryoko found she was 
expressing feelings that she had hidden for thousands of years.  Even now, when 
she had
begun to regain some control, she could not deny herself these silly comics.  

            Ryoko poured herself another cup of sake and concentrated on the 
comic.  She had to return this to Sasami and Ayeka's room before one of them 
noticed
it was gone.

            "I wish winning Tenchi's love was this easy," Ryoko thought, smiling 
at the happy faces of the two lovers in the comic.

            "Whatcha got there, Ryoko?"  Ryoko instantly dropped the comic and 
whipped around, igniting her energy sword.  Washu grinned cheekily from her 
perch
and waved.

"My, aren't we jumpy today!"

"What do you want, MOM?"  Ryoko released the sword and regarded Washu with 
mistrust.

"I just wanna run some wittle tiny weeny experiments!"

"Uh-uh, no way!  I'm not going anywhere near that lab."

"Oh, you're sooo mean!"

"Huh, I'm mean!  Maybe you don't remember what happened last time, but I do.  
There's no way I'm going in there again."

"Not even for.your gems?"  Washu raised an eyebrow and took on a more serious 
tone.

"That's ridiculous.  Tenchi has the other gems, and not even you can retrieve 
them from the sword if he doesn't want you to."  Washu sighed in exasperation.

      "But if I could convince Tenchi to give you your gems, would you promise 
to let me perform a couple experiments?"  Ryoko remained silent.  "I know you
feel their absence like a missing limb, Ryoko.  I can get them for you," Washu 
continued, "You would be able to blow Ayeka away without a second thought."

"I can do that now!"  Ryoko snapped.  Washu shrugged, 

"That's true enough," she admitted, then grinned widely.  "You could protect 
Tenchi more easily.  Remember what happened the last couple times?"  Ryoko
winced, taking a long drink from the bottle of sake.

"First, he dies chasing after you, and then you turn around and try to kill 
him!"

"That wasn't me, it was Zero!"  Ryoko shouted hotly and glared at Washu, who 
smiled back innocently.

"All I'm saying is -" 

"Alright, alright," Ryoko sighed, "You've made your point.  But what makes you 
think you can succeed with Tenchi where I have failed?"  Washu chuckled.

"Do you really want me to answer that?"  Without waiting for a response, Washu 
leaped off of the beam and landed on the couch below.  "Oh, and Ryoko?" 
Ryoko peered down at her.  "Shall I return this to Sasami now?"  Washu held up 
the comic, laughing hysterically.  Ryoko felt herself blushing wildly, and made 
a
sound of disgust before phasing onto the roof with her bottle of sake

"Dammit Washu," Ryoko growled softly under her breath, "you had better not be 
trying to trick me."

                                                          *    *    *    *

          Washu bounded up the stairs to Tenchi's room, a satisfied smirk fixed 
on her face.  If she just played the right cards, she could get Ryoko to do just 
about
                            anything.  She stood in front of Tenchi's door and 
tried to appear serious before knocking. 

"Come in!"  Tenchi called.

"Hi there, Tenchi," Washu said brightly, stepping into the room and closing the 
door behind her.

   "Uh, hi Washu, what can I do for you?"  Tenchi responded, unable to keep a 
note of nervousness from his voice.

"Don't worry, Tenchi.  I'm here purely for business."

"What's up?"

"Well, it has to do with Ryoko's gems.  I need you to give them back to her."

"What!?  I don't know if that's such a good idea, Washu."

"Oh, don't worry, I only need them for a little while, just so I can run an 
experiment.  After that, you can take them away from her again!"

"But-"

"Please, Tenchi!  It's really important!  I promise I won't let her blowup 
anything."

"I guess if it's only for a little while."

"Great!  You're the best Tenchi."  Washu looked at him slyly.  "Well, now that 
the business is over, maybe we can." Washu shot up into her adult form.  "Have
some fun!"

"Ahhh, Washu please -" Tenchi inched backwards, a familiar panic starting to 
surface.

"Lord Tenchi is anything.Miss Washu!  How dare you?  Leave Tenchi alone!"  Ayeka 
stood fuming in the doorway, glaring daggers at Washu.  

"All right, I'm going, I'm going," Washu protested, reverting back to her more 
commonly seen child form.  "Be sure to meet me down in the lab in a few minutes,
Tenchi.  And don't forget the sword!"  Washu inched past Ayeka and made her way 
down to her lab.

                                                         *    *    *    *

            'Ryoko.' Ryoko muttered and shifted in her sleep.  'Ryoko.wakie, 
wakie, eggs and bakie!'  Ryoko clenched her jaw and began to snore lightly. 
'RYOKO WAKE UP!' Ryoko screamed and sat up quickly, clutching her head.  

"What the hell did you do that for!  I thought I cut off that stupid link."

'I heard that!'<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-
com:office:office" />

'Who says you weren't supposed to?'

'I need you in the lab, pronto.'

'I thought I already told you I wasn't going in there.'

'Yeah, unless I got Tenchi to give you back your gems.'

"You.convinced Tenchi?'

'Sure did!  Remember, now you can protect him in the future.  Show him how much 
he means to you!'

'I.I'm coming.'

      Ryoko phased from the roof to in front of Washu's lab door, sake bottle 
still in hand.  She had thankfully remembered not to try to phase directly into 
the
lab, thus avoiding serious injury from Washu's shield.  Ryoko emptied the sake 
bottle in one swing and threw it to the side, before entering the lab.  

            The room she entered was friendly enough.  Exotic plants were hung 
randomly around the spacious interior, floating freely, and a small waterfall 
cascaded
into a shallow pond decorated with stepping-stones and lily pads.  Lush green 
grass carpeted the 'floor', and a neat sidewalk twisted around the area, 
eventually
leading to a blue metal door, located on the opposite side of the room.  Tenchi 
waved uncertainly from his post beside that door.  

            Ignoring the orderly winding sidewalk, Ryoko eagerly floated across 
the grass in a straight line for Tenchi.

"Tenchi!"  She greeted him happily, delicately floating back to the ground once 
she reached him.

"Hi Ryoko."  Tenchi smiled nervously, stepping out of her reach and pulling the 
door open.  "Washu wanted us in this room."  Ryoko peered inside, trying to hide
her fear.  This room was much darker and filled with cold, dull metal.  She 
didn't like it at all; it reminded her of that cave.  "Ryoko?"  Tenchi was 
searching her face
worriedly.  "Are you okay?"  Ryoko shook off her suspicions.  Tenchi was with 
her; there was nothing to worry about.

"Tenchi!  I didn't realize you cared so much."  Ryoko gave him a confident 
smile, and walked through the door, not in the mood to tease and flirt with him.

"Ah, there you two are!"  Washu began to type rapidly on her holo-top.  "I 
presume you know what to do, Tenchi?"

"Uh, yes," Tenchi replied hastily, pulling the sword out of his pant's pocket.  
Ryoko practically glowed with anticipation, stretching out her hands so that her 
wrists
faced upwards.  Tenchi held the sword with its hilt pointed toward Ryoko, and 
closed his eyes.  The two remaining gems began to glow as he prayed for them to
return to Ryoko.  The glow increased to a blindingly white light as they 
disappeared from the sword and reappeared on Ryoko's right wrist and throat.  
Ryoko
gasped slightly, then sighed with pleasure at the warmth spreading through her 
body.  She finally felt complete.

"Tenchi." She breathed, her eyes filling with tears.  "Tenchi, I want to.I want 
to thank you.  Thank you so much for trusting me, Tenchi.  I never imagined you
would-"

"Yeah, yeah.  That's enough of that, Ryoko," Washu interrupted guiltily.  "It's 
time for that experiment you promised me."

"Now?"  Ryoko asked in dismay.  "Can't it wait one more night?"  Tenchi looked 
at her, confused.

"But you have to do it now-" He began.

"Yes now Ryoko!"  Washu snapped hastily.

"Okay.I guess I owe you that much," Ryoko responded graciously.  She refused to 
let anything bring her down right now.  She could even stand being nice to
Washu.

"Good.  Now get on that metal table over there."  Ryoko floated over to it and 
lay down.  Her arms and legs were instantly clamped down to the table.

"Hey!  What the-"

"Calm down, Ryoko.  They are necessary to hold you in place when the table moves 
into a vertical position."  Washu pressed a button on her keyboard and the
table raised, stopping when completely upright.  

"They're awfully tight," Ryoko grumbled, testing their strength.  "So what kind 
of tests will you be running, anyway?  I don't - " Ryoko's scream reverberated
throughout the lab as electrical currents ran through her body.

"Washu!  What are you doing?  You're hurting her!"  Tenchi yelled, running over 
to her.

"What? Oh, Tenchi.you're still here?"  Ryoko's screams died away as Washu paused 
her experiment.  "Don't worry.I'll return those gems to you as soon as
I'm finished!"

"Tenchi?"  Ryoko called out weakly, her voice breaking.  "You never trusted me 
at all!  I thought you finally saw me as a person, not a monster.  You were 
simply
helping Washu get me into the lab.I was going to protect you with these gems!  I 
only wanted to help you.." Her voice continued to get weaker as she tried to
hold back tears.  The burning in the back of her throat grew as she bowed her 
head, tears sliding down her face and sobs racking her body.

"Ryoko, no," Tenchi whispered, anguish filling his voice.  "I had no idea, I 
swear.  Please, Ryoko!  Stop crying, listen to me!"  He stepped closer, 
hesitantly bringing
up a hand to touch her face.  Ryoko instantly jerked away from him, twisting her 
head to one side.  Her breath came out in ragged, painful gasps and she squeezed
her eyes shut to stop the flow of tears.  "Ryoko don't!"  Tenchi cried, letting 
his hand drop to his side.  "I'm so-" Ryoko let out another bloodcurdling scream 
as
Washu reactivated her machine.

"Sorry Tenchi, but I've got to get this show on the road!"  Tenchi whipped 
around, his face radiating anger.

"Why are you doing this, Washu?"

"Why?"  She blinked rapidly.  "For science, of course!  I'm doing some further 
testing on the power of Ryoko's gems, her tolerance for pain, oh, and I really 
want
to figure out how Kagato was able to control her like that.  You know, I never 
did find out, and being the genius that I am, it should be a piece of cake for 
me!" 
Ryoko's body writhed in pain as she clenched her teeth and tried to suppress her 
screams.  Tenchi ran over to Washu's holo-top and slammed his fist down.

"You have to stop this, Washu!"

"Ahhh!  Tenchi, what the hell are you doing?  You're going to cause a system 
overload, which in turn will result in an-" Ryoko's screams reached a new pitch 
as the
electrical current intensified, ending in a dull boom as the clamps holding 
Ryoko to the table popped off.  "-explosion."  Washu finished.  Ryoko had slid 
down to the
floor and was now unconscious, resting in a sitting position with her back up 
against the cold metal table.  Tenchi ran over to her and grasped her by the 
shoulders,
shaking her slightly.  

"Wake-up, Ryoko!  Come on, please, get up!"  Ryoko stirred and lifted her head, 
raising her eyes to meet his.  Tenchi smiled at her, bringing his hand up
unconsciously to brush a strand of hair from her face.  

"No!"  She screamed in terror.  "Please, don't!  I'm so sorry.I won't fail next 
time," Ryoko pleaded, throwing her arms up to cover her face.  

"Ryoko," Tenchi said helplessly.  "What are you.?" Ryoko cowered away from him.  

"Give me another chance to prove myself.  I promise I won't fail again Kagato.

         "Kagato?"  Tenchi repeated, confused.  

"Hmmm."  Washu pondered slowly, "It would seem that the high voltage of the 
electricity stimulated the part of Ryoko's brain that holds her memories."

"Sooo," Tenchi asked in confusion.

"So Ryoko is obviously reliving one of her memories from her life on Soja with 
Kagato.  And it would seem that you are playing the part of Kagato!"

"What?!?!"  Tenchi felt Ryoko shivering slightly under the weight of his hand on 
her shoulder.  "Come on, Ryoko.It's me, Tenchi," he pleaded.  Ryoko raised her
head and gazed at him with evident fear in her golden, feline-shaped eyes.

"No," she whispered brokenly, "please, don't."  

"Don't what?"  Tenchi demanded in frustration.  "I won't hurt you!"

"Yes, but Kagato would," Washu murmured, regarding the scene with wide eyes.  
Ryoko shifted slightly and slowly moved her hand up to the sleeve of her dress,
pulling it down off of her shoulder.  She moved as if in a daze, shaking 
uncontrollably.  Tenchi simply stared in horror as she pulled the entire front 
of her dress down
over her breasts, then vaguely wondered why she didn't just phase out of her 
clothing.  

"Ryoko stop it!"  He yelled, finally shaken out of his stupor.  Blushing hotly, 
he wrapped his arms around her and jerked the folds of her dress up over her 
chest.  

"Tenchi, talking to her won't help," Washu called hesitantly, "She's completely 
lost in this memory."

"Well, do you have any helpful suggestions?"  Tenchi glared at her.

"Take back her gems.  All three of them."

"I can't do that!  Ryoko would-"

"You have to!  The shock of losing them should bring Ryoko out of this trance.  
If you want to help her, then do it!"  Tenchi sighed and glanced down at Ryoko's
tear-streaked face, her cheeks slightly flushed.  He carefully leaned her back 
against the table, wincing at her frightened whimpering.  Taking out the sword, 
he
prayed for the gems return.  Ryoko cried out in pain as her arms snapped forward 
and the gems were wrenched away from her.  

"I'm so sorry Ryoko," Tenchi said sadly, tucking the sword back into his pocket.  
Ryoko stirred and groaned under her breath.  At the sound of Tenchi's voice, she
slowly opened her eyes.  "Hey Ryoko," he said worriedly, trying to smile.  Her 
eyes slowly focused on his, and immediately filled with pain and despair.

"Tenchi," she murmured, "how could you?  You really hate me so much?"  She rose 
to her feet unsteadily, leaning on the table for support.  Tenchi jumped to his
feet and tried to grab her arm, but Ryoko slapped his hands away weakly.  
Suddenly she noticed the missing gem from her left wrist.  "So," she said 
quietly, "this
was all just to get my third gem back.  I would've done anything for you Tenchi.  
I would have given it to you freely, had you asked."  Her voice was heavy and
tired.  Tenchi watched helplessly as she stumbled over to the metal door.

"So," came Washu's voice, "Kagato raped you."  Ryoko froze.

"What are you talking about?"  Ryoko growled menacingly.

"Don't play dumb, Ryoko dear," Washu snapped, her voice sharp with anger.  "You 
relayed one of your memories to us a few moments ago, where you gave
yourself to Kagato."

"I never gave anything to that man!"  Ryoko screamed.  "He took!  He took 
everything from me!"

"How is it I never knew?  The link.I should have seen everything through the 
link!"  Washu's voice was thick with pain.  Then she swore suddenly.  "Now I
remember!  Once in a while the link would be broken.  I thought you were just 
diverting all your energy to one of Kagato's tasks and didn't have enough left 
to
keep the link open.  But Kagato figured out how to break it so I wouldn't know!"  
Ryoko laughed hollowly.

"I thought you were a genius, Washu.  If Kagato had known about the link, he 
would've cut it off entirely.forever."  Washu remained silent, and then inhaled
sharply.

"You!  You cut it off.  So that I wouldn't know of your shame!"

"I wasn't ashamed!"  Ryoko yelled.

"And keeping it hidden all this time so that no one would think less of you.So 
that Tenchi wouldn't think less of you.  He might pick Ayeka over you, if he 
knew
how impure you.."  Washu closed her eyes in horror as she realized Ryoko's train 
of thought.

"Shut-up!"  Ryoko screamed, clutching her head.  "Get out, get out, get out!  It 
wasn't my fault!  He hurt me, sometimes he controlled me.It wasn't my fault, it
wasn't my fault!"  

"And that's why you act that way around Tenchi," Washu continued, unaware of 
Ryoko's pleas.  "You wish to please Tenchi the way you were forced to please
Kagato.  He was the only man you ever really knew, and so you believe that all 
men desire the same thing."

"Tenchi is not Kagato!"  Ryoko yelled.

"Yes, but he is a man.  However, Tenchi does not accept you.  He makes it clear 
everyday that he does not want you.  So the only conclusion that you can reach 
is
that you are not good enough for him.  He doesn't want you because unconsciously 
he knows that you are ruined, and that he deserves better.  Still, you never 
give
up, the rejection is bitter, but you believe that one day you can prove your 
worth."  Washu looked shocked at her discovery.  "Whoever knew that my little
experiment could harbor such complex feelings!"  Ryoko screamed in rage and 
wrenched the metal door open, flinging herself through.  Tenchi watched her 
leave,
the pain evident on his face.

"I never knew how much I affected Ryoko," he murmured.  

"Well it's about time you realized!"  Washu snapped.

"Oh, and what about you, Little Washu?"  He turned to face her, his expression 
grave.

"She doesn't care about me," Washu muttered resentfully.

"You know that's not true.  She needs a mother very much Washu.  But she will 
never trust or love you if you continue to hide your own feelings from her, if 
you
treat her as an experiment, tease her to no end, and deceive her constantly."  
Washu looked away from him, refusing to answer.

"You should go to her now, Tenchi," she said after a few moments of silence.

"You-"

"I'm the last person she wants to see right now.  I revealed a secret she had 
buried within herself for a very long time.  She took great pains in preventing 
me, and
especially you from finding out.  No one, not even me, will ever truly 
understand the horror Ryoko has gone through in her life.  Can you possibly 
comprehend how
incredibly strong she is to simply live each day?  I know I can't.  But that is 
how she wanted it.  She detests pity, you see, and she has never experienced
friendship.  All she knows is pain and rejection."  

         Tenchi stepped out of Washu's lab and into the hallway of the Masaki 
home.  

"Oh!  Lord Tenchi, there you are!  Miss Washu did not hurt you, I trust."  Ayeka 
glared at the doorway to the lab.  Tenchi sighed heavily.

"No, not me, Ayeka," he said quietly.  She blinked at him uncertainly.

"Oh, well.good.  Dinner is ready now."

"Ayeka, have you seen Ryoko?"  Ayeka sniffed.

"Yes, that demon woman is at the table now, eating all the food I'm sure.  
Honestly, she has no manners at all!"  Tenchi winced at Ayeka's harsh words, 
thinking of
all the times she had said such things and Tenchi never berated her. 

"Ayeka, try to be more understanding, won't you?  Ryoko has had a very difficult 
life."  Ayeka stared at him angrily.

"Of course, Lord Tenchi," she answered stiffly.  " You go on to the table and I 
will get Miss Washu."  Tenchi nodded to her, eager to talk to Ryoko.

            He found her, just as Ayeka had said, seated at the table with 
Sasami, Mihoshi, Yosho, and Nobuyuki.  All five waited with their hands folded 
in their laps,
waiting for the others to arrive.

"Well, hello there Tenchi!"  Sasami greeted him cheerfully.

"Hi Tenchi!"  Mihoshi looked at the bowl of pickles drooling.

"Hey son, have a seat, we're starving!"  Nobuyuki grinned.

"Hello Tenchi how was your day?"  Yosho asked.  There was a pause as everyone 
turned to Ryoko for her usual enthusiastic greeting.  She blushed slightly and
frowned as she felt all eyes turn to her.  Angrily she kept her head bowed and 
pressed her lips together tightly.  Tenchi stared at her, unsure of what to say.

"Ryoko-" he began

"Honestly, that woman!"  Ayeka stormed into the room, flushed with anger.

"What's wrong, Ayeka," Sasami asked, the uncomfortable silence forgotten.

"Oh, Washu refuses to come to dinner.  I'm sorry Sasami."

"That's alright Ayeka, but won't she get hungry?"  Sasami asked worriedly.

"I'm sure she'll be fine." Tenchi started.

"I'm coming, I'm coming!"  Washu grouched, walking into the room.

"Humph!  I thought you had important experiments to run, Miss Washu."

"What?  I would never miss one of Sasami's delicious meals!"  Sasami giggled and 
smiled at her.  "And Ayeka?"

"Yes?"

"How many times do I have to tell you, it's LITTLE WASHU!" Washu yelled.  Ayeka 
rolled her eyes.  "Oh Little Ryoko!  Please pass the rice, won't you?" 
Ryoko jerked her head up and glared at her.  After a few moments, she grabbed 
the bowl and held it out to her.  "Thank you, Ryoko!"  Washu grinned.  Tenchi
stared in disbelief.  Washu was pretending as if nothing had happened, and Ryoko 
was playing along to prevent the others from finding out.  "Now, what do you
say, Ryoko?"  Ryoko didn't answer at first.

"You're welcome," she muttered finally.

"You're welcome.?" Ryoko growled under her breath and poked at her dinner. Washu 
grinned from ear to ear.  "Say 'You're welcome, Mom'!"  Suddenly
Ryoko snapped her chopsticks in half.

"No!"  She shouted, leaping to her feet.  "You're not my mother!"

"But Ryoko-" Washu began.

"I don't care if you created me!  That doesn't matter.  It doesn't make you my 
mother!  I know what a mother is, I saw how Tenchi's mom treated him, and how
Misaki is with Ayeka and Sasami.  You treat me as an experiment, not a daughter, 
so don't you dare presume to ask me to treat you like a mother, to call you
mom.  You're a scientist with a defective experiment, that's all!"  Ryoko 
gathered her remaining strength to phase to the roof, but a strong hand gripped 
her left
wrist.  "Let go, Yosho!"  He regarded her calmly.

"You should not leave so angry, Ryoko.  You might end up doing something 
stupid."  He twisted her wrist upwards, revealing the bare spot where her gem 
should
be.

"Wow, Ryoko, did you know that your gem is missing?"  Mihoshi asked.

"Yes, Mihoshi," Ryoko responded through gritted teeth.  "This is none of your 
business, Yosho.  Let me be."  Ignoring her, he turned to Tenchi.

"I think that you should tell us what happened, Tenchi."  Ryoko's eyes widened 
and she let out a terrified squeak.

"I don't think I can do that, Grandpa," Tenchi said, looking at Ryoko 
uncomfortably.

"At least tell us why you gave Ryoko her gems back, then took all three away 
again."  Tenchi looked at him sharply.

"How did you.?"

"He conspired with Washu to get me down into the lab."  Ryoko looked at Tenchi 
bitterly.  "They promised me my gems back, but after she was done
experimenting, he took all of them away."  The dinner table fell into an uneasy 
silence at the tone of voice Ryoko used for Tenchi.  It was one she usually 
reserved
for Ayeka, or Washu.  Even Tenchi looked startled.

"Ryoko, that's not fair.  I wasn't conspiring with Washu.  I had no idea she 
told you I was giving you the gems for good.  She told me that she only needed 
them for
an experiment, I thought she told you the same thing!" 

"All right, Tenchi," Ryoko said with false sweetness.  "You can give me my gems 
now, right?  Since you trust me and all."  Tenchi stuttered and rubbed the back 
of
his head sheepishly.  "I thought so!"  She growled in disgust.  "You don't even 
trust me enough to allow me one gem!  So when you saw the opportunity, you took
it!"

"Hey now, Ryoko.  Washu said it was the only way to shake you out of that 
memory!"

"What memory?"  Yosho asked mildly.  

"The one where Ryoko was being.heh," Tenchi finished weakly as Ryoko lunged 
forward her face inches from his.  Yosho grasped her other wrist tightly, but 
did
not try to drag her back.  

"Tenchi," she said softly, gazing at him, "if you care for me at all, you will 
not tell."  Tenchi stared into her golden eyes, hypnotized.

"Tenchi," Yosho said gently, "the first part of healing is to reveal all 
secrets.  Ryoko needs our help to let go of her past."  Tenchi closed his eyes.

"Ryoko relived a memory of Kagato.raping her," he finished heavily.  Ryoko bowed 
her head and let out a strangled sob.  Ayeka gasped and covered Sasami's
ears, while Nobuyuki shook his head sadly.

"Oh, Ryoko!"  Mihoshi cried sadly.  "That's just so.so awful!  I don't know what 
to say." She broke into tears, bawling uncontrollable.  Yosho's expression
hardened.

"That coward," he hissed angrily. 

"I don't want your pity!"  Ryoko yelled, her voice filled with hatred.  
"Besides, Yosho, you're one to talk of cowardice!"  Yosho glanced at her, 
startled.

"Ryoko."  Tenchi touched her shoulder lightly.  She flinched away from him and 
stepped backwards.  He looked up at his grandfather helplessly.

"Hmmm," Yosho pondered.  "Okay, everyone, clear out."

"What are you-" Ayeka began, and then stopped at Yosho's stern look.  The Masaki 
family filed out of the dining room, no one daring to speak.  Only Tenchi,
Ryoko and Yosho remained.

"I don't recall asking you to stay, Tenchi," Yosho said, eyebrows raised.

"Grandpa, please, let me do something to help.  I've made such a mess of 
things."

"All right then."  Yosho suddenly shoved Ryoko forward, directly into Tenchi.  
Tenchi's training had prepared him for such surprises, and he was able to stay
balanced while clutching Ryoko.  She snarled and struggled, causing Tenchi to 
instinctively tighten his grip around her waist, pinning her arms to her sides.  
"You had
better hold on to her tightly, Tenchi, or she'll get away before you have the 
chance to fix things!"  Yosho disappeared from the room.  Ryoko finally stilled 
after
realizing she didn't even have enough strength left to overpower Tenchi.  She 
glowered at him through her cyan bangs.  

"Don't look at me like that Ryoko," Tenchi pleaded.  "Why are you so angry at 
me?"

"My gems." She trailed off, suddenly becoming aware of her closeness to Tenchi.  
She stilled love him, of course.  Even if she hated him as well, she would 
always
love him.  "You can't understand what it's like losing them.my heart, my soul, 
my life."  Her voice softened and she tore her gaze away from his gentle brown
eyes, resting her forehead on his chest.  She was so tired.  Why couldn't she 
stay mad at him, after all he had done?  After he had betrayed her.

            Tenchi stared down at her spiky cyan locks, resisting the urge to 
pull her in closer and tenderly kiss the top of her head.  He was going to lose 
her if he
didn't say something.

"Ryoko," he said slowly, in a strained voice.  "It's not that I don't trust you, 
with the gems, I mean.  I was.am afraid that once you got your gems, you would
leave."  She looked up at him, her eyes slightly out of focus, revealing her 
confusion.  

"Leave?  I could never leave you, my Tenchi.  I love you," she told him dizzily.  
Tenchi inhaled sharply and pulled her closer, shifting her weight to one arm and 
using
his free hand to tilt her chin upwards.

"What did you just say?" he demanded.  She sighed and closed her eyes, almost 
falling asleep in his arms.

"Forget it, never mind."  She murmured softly.  "It doesn't make one bit of 
difference."

        Washu sat on the couch between Mihoshi and Ayeka, gazing guiltily at the 
door to the kitchen.  Mihoshi was still babbling and sobbing incoherently while
Ayeka sat with her arms crossed, glaring angrily at the wall across from her.  

      "I can't believe that Tenchi is alone in there with that monster woman.I 
swear this is just another one of her tricks!"  Ayeka continued to mutter under 
her
breath.  Sasami crept closer to the door, her hands clasped and frowning 
worriedly.  Ryo-ohki bounded up to the door and scratched furiously, meowing 
urgently.

      "No Ryo-ohki.Ryoko needs time to heal," Sasami told her sternly.  Yosho 
nodded solemnly from his stance beside the staircase.  Nobuyuki sighed sadly
and seated himself on the bottom step of the stairs.  

      "It seems as if Kagato will haunt Ryoko for the rest of her life!" He 
complained

      "Not if she can let go of him.  Ryoko has to stop living in the past," 
Yosho replied.

      "She's been trying!" Washu shouted.  "Don't you think she's tried?"

      "Yes, of course," came the calm response.  "But she has not succeeded, and 
I imagine that it has been hard with you as a constant reminder."

      "So you think I should leave, is that it?" Washu demanded.

      "No, however you could try helping her, instead of taking Kagato's place 
as her tormenter."  Washu leapt to her feet.

      "Why you.I am her mother!"

      "I believe that Ryoko is the one who pointed out that you seldom act like 
it."

      "This is between Ryoko and me, you have no right to interfere!"

      "I have remained silent long enough."  He crossed the room and laid a hand 
on her shoulder.  "I realize that it must be very difficult for a genius such as
yourself to admit when you are wrong.  But, Washu, is your ego really worth the 
happiness of your daughter?"

      "What about you, Yosho?" Washu spat back.  "Ryoko accused you of being a 
coward!  What exactly did she mean by that?"

      "Unfortunately Ryoko still harbors some feelings of hostility towards me 
for trapping her in the cave."

      "No, I am convinced that is not what she meant," Washu replied more 
calmly, a professional curiosity taking the place of her anger.  "I did not pick 
up any
thoughts of the cave through our link.  I saw you as a young man.and a brief 
flicker of emotion for Ayeka."  Ayeka sat up straighter and made a sound of
confusion.

      "Me?"

      "Yes, that's right.  It seems unlikely, but I thought she was feeling 
compassionate towards you, maybe even sympathetic."  Ayeka wavered between
incredulity and curiosity, then looked at Yosho.

      "I know not what that could mean."  He replied calmly, but tiny beads of 
sweat appeared on his forehead.  Everyone in the room turned towards him and
eyed him suspiciously.  Suddenly the kitchen door swung open and Tenchi stepped 
out, Ryoko cradled in his arms.  All eyes turned to him, and he stuttered
nervously.

      "Uhh, she just fell asleep and I thought I should.carry her?"

      "That's quite all right, Tenchi.  I imagine she had very little energy 
left."  Yosho strode over to him.  "Where are her resting quarters?"

      "Well." Tenchi trailed off uncomfortably.  Washu quirked one eyebrow and 
jerked her thumb up at the ceiling.

      "The rafters?"  For once Yosho sounded surprised.

      "She never said she was uncomfortable," Tenchi muttered guiltily.

      "I suppose compared to a cell aboard the Soja, rafters would be quite 
comfortable."  Yosho said sternly, a hint of anger in his voice.  "Well I guess 
she had
better come with me to the shrine."  Tenchi looked at him surprised.

      "But - "

      "I'm afraid that a few of our houseguests might have a problem with her 
staying in your room, Tenchi.  Besides, there's a small extra room with a cot up 
at
the shrine."  Yosho crossed the room to the sliding door and paused.  "Come 
along, Tenchi, you'll have to bring her.  I'm much to old."  Tenchi made a small 
sound
of disbelief, and then followed Yosho outside.  

      They walked in comfortable silence and quickly reached the stairs.  Tenchi 
groaned softly.  Though Ryoko was very slender and light, that was a lot of 
stairs
to climb with her extra weight.  "Come along, Tenchi," Yosho called.

      Tenchi walked slowly, soon forgetting his fatigue in the warm night air.  
Fireflies danced and winked, weaving in and out of the tall, swaying trees.  A 
cool
breeze tugged lightly at his closely cropped hair.  Ryoko made a soft sound of 
contentment, and Tenchi smiled tenderly.  Did she really say she loved him?  She
always said she did, but then treated it like a game, or a way to annoy Ayeka.  
He shook his head and glanced down at her.  The moon bathed her face in its 
silvery
light, giving her an unearthly glow.  Well, he thought, amused, she really isn't 
from earth.  Still, she was truly beautiful with wild cyan locks, wide golden 
eyes, an
easy smile and pointed chin.  All in all, very cat-like, in an exotic, exciting 
way.  She even had long, feline shaped ears and occasionally a tail.

      "Are you going to bring Ryoko in here, or look at her all night?"  
Embarrassed, Tenchi realized he had reached the top of the stairs.  Blushing 
wildly, he
hurried over to his grandfather.  Yosho led the way into a small, bare room and 
waited while Tenchi settled Ryoko into her bed.

      "Goodnight Tenchi."

      "Goodnight Grandpa."  Tenchi hesitated.  "Ask her to come see me when she 
wakes up, okay?"  Yosho nodded.  He waited until Tenchi disappeared
outside before looking down at Ryoko.

"Just how much do you know?"  He murmured, and then retired to his room.

                                                         *    *    *    *

            Yosho woke at his usually time, 5 o'clock AM.  He glanced in at the 
sleeping Ryoko, and then began his daily rituals to prepare the shrine for 
visitors. 
When Tenchi showed up, Yosho told him to go home and sleep in longer.  He 
finished the chores at 9 AM, ate a small breakfast and seated himself in front 
of
Ryoko's bed.  For the next two hours he meditated.  At 11 AM he picked up a book 
and began reading.  Ryoko woke up two hours later, at 1.  She moaned
softly, rolled over, then sat up and stretched luxuriously.  

            "Morning, Yosho," she said through a yawn.

            "Good Afternoon, Miss Ryoko."

            "Is it really that late?  Hmmm.I take it I'm at the shrine.  I guess 
it would've been difficult for anyone to get me into my bed while I was 
unconsciousness."

            "I'll ask Nobuyuki about adding on a spare room."

            "Why?  I don't have a problem with the rafters."

            "You are a guest here, Ryoko.  All of our other guests have a room."

            "This room will suit my needs perfectly."  Yosho raised an eyebrow.

            "Oh?  I did not think you would wish to share a room with a coward.  
And what about Tenchi?"

            "I don't have a problem with cowards.  It's your decision.If you 
want to hide behind that old man disguise, it's fine with me.  And what about 
Tenchi?  As
far as I'm concerned he can rot in Hell.  I'm not his little plaything, he 
shouldn't mess with my feelings like that - "  Ryoko glanced over at Yosho.  He 
stared at her,
looking slightly distressed.  "What?  Surprised I saw through you?  I'm not as 
stupid as everyone thinks I am.  From the moment I saw Tenchi, I knew he was a
descendant of yours.  I could sense it in his blood.I could feel his power.  And 
when I saw you.I immediately sensed Tsunami's power cloaking your true form. 
I'm surprised the others can't see it."  Ryoko looked extremely satisfied with 
herself.  "Now how about removing that silly disguise, for old times sake."  
Yosho
continued to stare mutely.  "You don't have to worry, I haven't told anyone else 
yet, have I?  I do think you ought to tell Ayeka.As much as I detest the spoiled
brat, she did search for you for quite a while."  Ryoko looked embarrassed at 
her outburst, but refused to look away.  Yosho slowly began to relax and 
reluctantly
smiled.  

            "Alright then, Ryoko, I owe you that much."  He brought a hand up 
and lightly touched the frame of his glasses.  The disguise disappeared.  Ryoko 
gasped
softly, and her right hand crackled with energy.  The young Yosho looked at her 
pointedly.

            "Sorry," she muttered, the energy disappearing, "But trapped inside 
that cave I imagined killing you so many times." Yosho continued to stare.  
"It's almost
as if I imagined the old you as Katsuhito, an entirely different person."

            "He is an entirely different person." Yosho replied glumly.  "I feel 
as though I'm playing a role in a film."  Ryoko grinned, then coughed in 
embarrassment. 
Imagine, her being friendly with her jailer.  

            "Well, I'm hungry.I'm going to the house for a snack."  She climbed 
her feet and was about to transport when Yosho spoke.  

            "You're going to see Tenchi."  

            "I am not!" She protested furiously.

            "He wants to see you."

            "I doubt it." 

            "Ryoko, you love him.  Don't deny it.  You will only make yourself 
unhappier by staying angry at him."

            "Why do you care so much?" she demanded, "You plan to send him to 
Jurai, to become King.  Ayeka told me how you pushed the two of them together,
that day Kagato came.  I see through you, Yosho.  You are just trying to escape 
your own fate."

            "How can you be so sure that Tenchi would not like to be King of 
Jurai?  Maybe you just don't like the idea of Tenchi marrying Ayeka."

            "I know Tenchi.  Unlike Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi, I have known him 
for longer than a few months.  Tenchi was my only visitor for 700 years."  Ryoko
took on a softer tone, gazing out the window.  "He's rather shy, especially 
around girls.  But people are still drawn to him.  I think it's because he's so 
good.He has
such gentle eyes, and a kind nature.  He dislikes any form of cruelty, but he 
won't shy away from a fight.  He feels responsible for all of us, to protect and 
shelter us. 
Tenchi freed me from the cave, and from Kagato.  He gave me a home and a family.  
How could I not love him?"  Ryoko balled up her fists.  "And he could never
be cold and insensitive, like a king has to be."

                                                         *    *    *    *

            Tenchi straightened up and leaned on his hoe, wiping his brow.  Ryo-
ohki slunk nearby, planning her attack.  As Tenchi bent over to continue his 
weeding,
                                           Ryo-ohki made a flying leap for the 
carrot basket.

            "Uh-uh, no you don't."  A slim hand reached down and grabbed the 
cabbit by the scruff of its neck.  "Well, I'm sorry if I foiled your plan, Mater 
Criminal,
but Tenchi has asked you repeatedly to wait until mealtime."  Ryoko lifted the 
small cabbit so that they were eye to eye.  "Now, I have to talk to Tenchi, so 
go wait
up at the house."  Ryoko released Ryo-ohki and watched her scamper away.  Tenchi 
had meanwhile noticed Ryoko's appearance and was waiting apprehensively.

            "Uhh, Ryoko, I'm really sorry about - "

            "I didn't come here for an apology, Tenchi."  Ryoko stepped closer, 
"There is something I need to know, Tenchi.  I'm tired of waiting, and I'm tired 
of
guessing."  She stepped even closer and leaned forward, her face inches from 
his.  "Do you love me, Tenchi?" she whispered.

            "I can't answer that now, Ryoko."  Tenchi turned away from her, 
bending over his hoe again.  "I'm only sixteen, an ordinary sixteen-year-old 
earthling.  I
can't decide who I love now."  When he looked up she was in front of him, her 
eyes filled with tears.

            "I can't wait any longer!" she sobbed.  "Living aboard the Soja with 
Kagato, I learned to treat life as a game, to hide my emotions constantly.  It 
was the only
way I could keep sane, killing every second of every hour.  He used to make a 
game out of how long it would take to make me cry.  But everything's changed
now."  She attempted to compose herself, "I feel as though my world has 
crumbled.  I can't pretend indifference; it hurts too much.  The only thing that 
remains the
same is my love for you."  She pressed up against him and wrapped her arms 
around his neck.  "Now Tenchi," she murmured.  "Why can't you love me?"  He 
gazed
at her, pity and sorrow in his eyes.

            "Ryoko I - " I can't take another rejection from him, she thought 
wildly.  Quickly she drew his head down to hers and pressed her lips against 
his.  At
first he tried to push her away, but as the kiss intensified, his arms slowly 
wrapped around her waist, drawing her in closer.  She's so soft, Tenchi 
marveled, soft
lips, soft.  Suddenly Ryoko broke the kiss, panting slightly, a blush rising to 
her cheeks.

            "Tenchi?" she asked softly.  Tenchi tore his gaze from her, picking 
up his hoe.

            "You shouldn't have done that, Ryoko," he said quietly.  She stared 
at him in disbelief.

            "But you." She suddenly glared at him.  "I.You're so.. I hate you 
Tenchi Masaki!" she finally screamed.  She disappeared, leaving Tenchi alone.

                                                         *    *    *    *

    Washu sat at the kitchen table, drumming her fingers on the wood 
impatiently.  Sasami sat next to her, head bowed, depressed no one was showing 
up for her
                       lunch.  Mihoshi sat next to Sasami, dozing.  Ayeka sat on 
the other side of Washu, lips pursed in worry.

            "Tenchi really ought to be here by now.  I think I should go check 
on him."

            "Don't bother, princess," Ryoko's voice came just as she phased into 
her seat.  "He's on his way."  Ryo-ohki meowed anxiously.  "Don't worry, he's 
bringing
the carrots."

            "You were probably distracting him, you monster woman.  Really, you 
are so - "

            "Ayeka!" Sasami cut in reproachfully.  "Don't start a fight now."

            "You'd better listen to your sister, princess, you wouldn't want to 
break a nail." 

            "Why you - "

            "That's enough." Washu said sharply.  "Ryoko, I have to speak to 
you."

            "You're not tricking me again."

            "It's not like it's difficult," Ayeka muttered.

            "You don't have to go anywhere, Ryoko, I just want you to listen to 
me."

            "Unfortunately I can't turn my ears off."  Washu took a deep breath.

            "Okay.  I know there's no real excuse for my actions, but I'll do my 
best to explain.  When I lost both my husband and baby, I was devastated.  I was 
so
desperately lonely, that I began working on a project to create a humanoid.  
This time I wanted to make sure that my child could fend for herself.  I endowed 
her
with extraordinary powers and.I gave her an adult form."

            "What?!"  Ryoko spit out her noodles.  "What are you trying to pull 
Washu?  I was born as a baby and grew up like any other normal person."

            "Then why don't you have any memories as a child?"  Ryoko muttered 
unhappily.  "It doesn't make you any less of a person, Ryoko.  I did use my ova 
for
you, I simply stimulated the cells that controlled your growth.  In every way 
that matters, you are my daughter.  You don't have any memories of me because 
Kagato
kidnapped you as soon as you were released from the pod.  When my second child 
was stolen from me, I guess I sort of lost it.  I promised myself that I 
wouldn't
get close to anyone.  I threw myself into science and ignored my 
responsibilities as a mother.  I don't deserve a second chance, but I'm asking 
for one anyway." 
Ryoko stared at her.  This was a very different Washu.  She seemed completely 
serious.  She desperately wanted, needed a mother, but.

            "I don't know," Ryoko said at last.  "Let's just see what happens."  
Washu nodded.

            "Fair enough.  One last thing, Ryoko."  Ryoko looked up.  "You'd 
better take a long look, this is the last time you'll see me in this form."  
Suddenly the adult
Washu appeared.  "It's time I started acting my age."  She picked up her 
chopsticks delicately and started her lunch.  "Mmm, this is delicious, Sasami!"

            "Umm, thanks Little Washu," Sasami replied hesitantly.

            "Oh no no no, Sasami.  You can call me Miss Washu.  Or Auntie Washu, 
yes that will do just fine."  The three girls stared at her disbelievingly.  
Someone
yawned loudly.

            "Oh, lunch is ready!" Mihoshi glanced around the table.  "Did I miss 
anything?"           

                                                          *    *    *    *

            Tenchi grudged home, each step slower than the last.  I've sure made 
a mess of things.  What am I going to say to her?  He sighed, sifting the weight 
of
the carrot basket on his back.

            "Tenchi!" a voice called.  Tenchi turned around and smiled.

            "Hi grandpa."

            "Tenchi I need to speak with you for a moment."

            "Not now grandpa, I'm really late for lunch, Sasami's going to be so 
upset.  Plus there's something I need to do." Tenchi turned back towards the 
house,
looking glum.

            "Tenchi."  Tenchi sighed impatiently.

            "Not now, grandpa.Ahhh!"  Tenchi dropped the basket of carrots and 
gripped his hoe like a sword.

            "Okay, who are you and what have you done with my grandpa?!" he 
demanded.  The young man in front of him smiled faintly.

            "I am your grandfather, Tenchi."

            "I think I know what my grandfather looks like!"  Yosho deepened his 
voice.

            "Tenchi!  Are you done sweeping the shrine yet?"  Tenchi looked at 
him in amazement.

            "Okay.You're some kind of ventriloquist or something."

            "Watch closely, boy."  Yosho reached up slowly and tapped the frame 
of his glasses.  The old man appearance fell over his form like a cloak.  "Now 
do you
believe me Tenchi?" he asked, retaining his young sounding voice.  Tenchi stared 
at him for a while, then licked his lips nervously.

            "Ayeka's going to be furious."

 

                                                         *    *    *    *

                                                               

            "Come on. Little Ryoko.  You have to eat your vegetables!"  Washu 
held out her chopsticks, trying to force the food into Ryoko's mouth.

            "Would you stop that?  I can feed myself, you know."  Ryoko batted 
her hands away feebly, half enjoying the attention.  Sasami giggled happily, and 
even
Ayeka had a faint smile on her face.  Mihoshi looked up from her bowl of pickles 
and began laughing with Sasami.  The family turned at the sound of the sliding 
door
opening and closing.  

            "Oh, Lord Tenchi, you're finally home - " Ayeka began, and then 
stopped short at the appearance of another young man.  She immediately leapt 
from her
chair, energy logs forming around her.

            "Uh-oh," Ryoko whispered.

            "Who are you, and how dare you impersonate my brother Yosho!" Ayeka 
demanded.  The young man stepped forward, gazing at her sadly.

            "It's me, Ayeka," he said softly.

            "Don't be ridiculous.  My brother has grown old, he hasn't looked 
like that in 700 years!" her voice wavered slightly.

            "Ayeka, he's telling the truth," Tenchi spoke up gently.

            "I don't know how he fooled you, Tenchi, but - "

            "Show her, grandpa."  Yosho tapped on his glasses once, appearing as 
an old man, then discarded the disguise again.  Ayeka gasped, her logs 
disappearing.

            "Brother." she whispered, beginning to cry, "How could you?!" she 
suddenly screamed and rushed forward, beating on him with her fists.  "I loved 
you! 
How could you!"  Yosho grabbed her fists gently.

            "Ayeka, when I crashed on Earth and defeated Ryoko, I felt free for 
the first time in my life.  I realized that I didn't want the throne of Jurai, 
and Earth
provided my escape."  Ayeka looked up at him, fury in her eyes.

            "During all this time, did you think of me even once?"  She tore 
away from his grasp and ran out of the room.  Yosho sighed and sat down heavily.  
Tenchi
looked at him angrily.  "I feel like I don't even know you, grandpa.  You lied 
to all of us."  

            "Ryoko knew," he said meekly.  All eyes turned to Ryoko, who was 
busy devouring a bowl of noodles.  She looked up, noticing the silence.

            "What?" she asked, through a mouthful of food.

                                               *    *    *    *

           Ryoko floated down the hallway idly, deep in thought.  As she passed 
Ayeka's room, she could detect her muffled sobbing.  She had changed into her 
blue
          and tan stripped dress after lunch, and now the attached tail whipped 
about irritably.  Ryoko sighed as she paused in front of Ayeka's door.

            "I know I'm going to hate myself for this later on," she muttered, 
then phased into the room.

            "Go away, Ryoko!" Ayeka shouted immediately.

            "Ayeka, you can't stay in here forever."

            "I can if I want to," came the resentful response.

            "And you can't stay mad at Yosho forever," Ryoko continued ignoring 
the last comment.  Ayeka sat up, turning her red, tear-streaked face towards 
Ryoko.

            "Why not?" she demanded hotly.

            "Because you love him," Ryoko told her quietly.

            "I love Tenchi."

            "Ayeka, any woman who chases after a man for 700 years, does not 
fall in love with the first guy that comes along."  There was a long pause.

            "It was so easy to fall in love with Tenchi," she whispered finally.  
"He so reminded me of Yosho," she laughed softly and looked up.  "I guess I 
loved him for
all the wrong reasons, didn't I?"  

                                                        *    *    *    *

         "Do you think I should check on Ayeka?" Sasami asked worriedly.  Most 
of the Masaki family was seated at the table, dinner spread out before them.  
Yosho
  and Tenchi were trying to revive an unconscious Nobuyuki, Mihoshi was staring 
off into space, a glazed look on her face, and Washu was trying to grab Yosho's
                                                           glasses.

            "I just want to study them for a moment, it won't take long," Washu 
pleaded.

            "Nobuyuki? Tenchi get some water," Yosho ordered.

            "Ahem."  The soft firmness of the voice was able to draw everyone's 
attention.  Ryoko stood in the doorway, a slightly embarrassed Ayeka at her 
side. 
Feeling all eyes on her, Ayeka held her head high and took a seat next to Yosho.  
He gazed at her worriedly.

            "I want you to know, Yosho, that I haven't forgiven you just yet, 
but I can't stay angry forever," she glanced at him out of the corner of her 
eye, "can I?" 
From the other side of Yosho, Washu smiled slyly.

            "And if you do," she said seductively, "he'll always have me."  She 
leaned in closer and wrapped her arms around him.  Yosho turned bright red.

            "Miss Washu, how dare you!  Get off him this instant!"

            "How would you like to be my guinea pig, Yosho?"

            "Release him at once, you hussy!  Yosho is mine!"  Ayeka grabbed his 
other arm.  From the doorway, Ryoko folded her arms and chuckled lightly. 
Glancing at Tenchi, she caught him staring at her.  Ryoko frowned and stalked 
into the living room.  I can't stay mad at him forever, but he deserves a few 
more
hours.  Tenchi excused himself from the table and hurried after her.

            "Ryoko!" he called, jogging into the living room.  She turned around 
and glared at him.  "About this afternoon, I'm - "

            "Sorry?  You're always sorry, Tenchi, that doesn't mean anything to 
me."

            "But - "

            "But nothing.  You're wasting your time, Tenchi.  I'm obviously not 
who you want, so why are here?"

            "I - "

            "Why don't you go to the girl you really love.  Who is it?  Ayeka?  
I gotta warn you, I think you're too late."

            "No - "

            "Mihoshi, then?  Maybe if you can separate her from her pickles, 
you'll have a chance."

            "It's not -"

            "Well who then? Huh?  Sasami?  Answer me Tenchi, I have a right to 
know."  Tenchi remained silent, gazing at her.  Suddenly he reached out and 
grabbed
her around the waist, pulling her to him roughly.  He lowered his head and 
kissed her softly, bringing up one hand to cradle her head.  They broke apart 
slowly,
Ryoko regarding him with wonder.

            "It's you, Ryoko.  I think I may have always loved you, and I know I 
always will."  Ryoko shivered with delight, wrapping her arms around him.

            "Well, there's only one thing left to do," she murmured.

            "What's that?"  There was a slight pause.

            "Do you think we should get married at the shrine?"

            "What?!"

            "How about in the spring, when the cherry blossoms are blooming?"

            "Now, wait just a minute, Ryoko - "

            "You're right, that's too far away.autumn, then."

            "Ryoko, I have to finish school!"

            "Relax, Tenchi, I was just joking," she laughed gently and he smiled 
down at her.

            "Are you ever serious?"

            "As little as possible, now shut-up and kiss me."  Tenchi obliged, 
just as Ayeka stormed into the room with a bewildered Yosho in tow.  Washu was 
close
behind.

            "Yosho and I are bonded by royal blood!"

            "Yosho wants a mature, intellectual girl."

            "I know what Yosho wants, and it isn't some scheming, scientist 
hussy!"

            "Oh yeah?  Well he doesn't want an underdeveloped brat who plays 
with logs, either!"  Yosho groaned.

        "Now I know what Tenchi felt like," he muttered, just as the living room 
exploded.

[Picture obmited]

Okay, this picture is where I got the idea of Ryoko being 'born' as a full grown 
adult.  For me, it's easier to stomach an adult being raped than it is a child 
being raped.  I hope you guys enjoyed this! 
