


I'm back again!
I'm sorry it took me so long,
But I just started university,
And I don't have a computer yet, 
Gomen nasai!
Without further ado.the second part of my story!

Disclaimer: (I better get used to writing these,
since this story has over nine parts!)
Tenchi Muyo is property of AIC and Pioneer,
Not me.
My over-active imagination has prompted me to write this.

Glossary: Chotto matte: Wait a minute
Hai: Yes
Sakura: Cherry blossoms
Kirei: Beautiful
Imouto: Little sister
Ureshii: Happy
Iie: No
Nandate : Impolite masculine slang for :What ? !
Yamero: Stop ! 
Damare : Shut up ! 
'Kaasan: Short for ®Okaasan¯,mother


                        Tenchi Muyo!Ryoko no Musume
                        A Fanfiction By AniMAY-chan
                        Part Two:Summer Revelations
                     Chapter One: Under The Summer Stars


     She stepped onto the porch, the summer breeze lifting her hair.
She knew she was not supposed to be awake at this hour.
Walking on grass still wet from that afternoon's rain,she felt the
drops of water between her toes, tickling her. Giggling, she decided she liked 
this new sensation.but why did she feel as though she had experienced it
before? This was her first summer, and as far as she knew, the first time
she had ventured outside the house past midnight. 
An image, first faint then gaining momentum and clarity burned brightly
in her mind.The image of a young girl, her bare feet stained by the wet
grass and scratched by brambles, running through a grove of trees.a
small faceted jewel the color of a summer sunset glowed fiercely above
her breastbone as the girl clutched an ornate wooden music box to her
chest. ®Why does it hurt me..? Why does my heart hurt me so when I 
think about you, Papa?¯ Mayuka's reverie was suddenly shattered. ®Sorry 
to be responsible for your losing sleep, but a promise is a promise, ne?¯
Mayuka raised her face, then her arms, as the demoness Ryoko, her golden eyes
illuminated by the full moon, swooped down and picked her up. She had promised
Tenchi's year-old daughter a flight around the shrine at midnight, even though the
baby should have been in bed by now.
     Alighting on top of her cave, Ryoko stretched out on the grass, Mayuka mimicking
her. ®You know.I used to fly up among those stars, May. I had so many adventures.¯
Mayuka paid rapt attention, until her wondering expression caused the demoness to 
let out a peal of laughter. ®Okay. Someday, when you're older, I'll take you on a 
trip with me and we can be space pirates together!¯ ®Ryo-ko!!¯ Mayuka squealed
gleefully. Ryoko placed the baby on her lap and the pair gazed up at the star-filled
sky. Mayuka was beginning to feel the effects of staying up so late, and her eyes
grew heavy. There were so many stars.so many.stars.
On a starry summer night like this one, a young girl child, her heart racing as she
ran, gave a prince a gift.and her heart.She made him a promise that night.
Images flooded Mayuka now. Her mother, yes she did have a mother once, only
she had never treated her daughter with the love or kindness the Masaki women 
did, especially Ryoko. But Mayuka's mother had been a demoness, like Ryoko.
Her memories made her cringe in painful recollection. ®Bring that prince to
me !!¯ The things Yuzuha had made her do.to her father, to Sasami, to Ryoko.
Mayuka's battle with her mother, a battle she had had no chance of winning.
®I don't want Startica, I want Christmas!!My Papa and Sasami-chan and minna 
will be there!!¯After she said that, Yuzuha had shot a blast of electrical energy
straight at her heart, and that had.Giving a cry that seemed to shake heaven
and earth, Mayuka threw herself into Ryoko's secure embrace, sobbing as if 
her heart would break. She pulled away briefly, and the demoness caught
a glimpse of the jewel on the baby's chest, and the haunted look in the amber
eyes that overflowed with tears. Then Mayuka spoke. ®Tonight is Startica,
isn't it?¯ Her voice, although it was but a child's, was strong, hardly befitting
that of a year-old baby.Although the scene in front of her was, to say the least
majorly disturbing, Ryoko forced herself to ignore it, and brushed the baby's
tears away. ®I remember it all,¯Mayuka insisted, as if it weren't obvious. 
®How could this happen?!She wasn't supposed to get her memories back,
let alone speak!!Oh, am I ever going to give Washu what for,¯Ryoko raged
to herself. She continued to cradle Mayuka, whispering that it was all a bad
dream, and hoping she wouldn't get blamed for this once the day began.
    ®Well, it's about * time* she showed up!¯Washu ducked back into the
shadows of her laboratory as her daughter and Mayuka materialized in
the living room. She had witnessed, via her link with Ryoko, what had
happened to the baby, and was sure the demoness was going to pay her
a visit regarding it. Instead, her daughter carried Mayuka to her crib, 
covered her with a light summer quilt and bent down to drop a kiss on
top of the baby's head. ®That Ryoko.¯Washu muttered, shaking her head
in disbelief. This new infatuation of her daughter's was becoming a puzzle
even the greatest scientfic genius in the universe had trouble solving. For some
reason, Washu felt that Ryoko would have cared for Mayuka just as much even
if her father had not been Tenchi.It was just a theory, really.She hadn't bothered
to delve into the demoness's thoughts lately, it was high time she did. Decicing she
would do so once her daughter fell asleep, Washu entered the core of her 
laboratry, plunked herself down on a levitating cushion and waited. Out of practice,
it took her a few moments of severe concentration before her thought patterns fell
into synch with those of Ryoko's.She had better make this quick, Washu reminded
herself. Ryoko was a light sleeper for the most part, unless she had had more sake
than she could handle, which was not an easy task. ®I must be losing my touch.¯
Her daughter's mind was almost always a mess of colliding emotions, but tonight,
it was worse than ever, actually forcing Washu out. No matter, she had seen more
than enough to prove her theories were, as usual, correct.Now all she had to do 
was figure out what she could do about it.Lost in thought, she barely heard the
crab-shaped bell above her door begin to ring. ®Washu-san.?¯came a timid
little voice. ®Onegai.¯ It was Mayuka, there was no question about it. Just
hearing the grave tone in which she spoke, and looking into the eyes that had
clearly seen more than any baby should have, Washu silently commened
Ryoko for not freaking out back at the cave. Knowing it would break the baby's
heart if she gave any indication of the way she felt, Washu managed a broad
grin, saying, ®Mayuka-chan!Of *course * I'll help you!¯ Unaware of the link
between Washu and her daughter, Mayuka started explaining, ®I remember who
I was, and what I did.¯ Clearly, she was on the verge of crying, and the petite
scientist picked her up and hugged her until she regained her calm. ®I want you
to.¯Mayuka broke off, afraid of what might happen once she confessed her
desire. ®To.¯Washu supplied. The baby drew a deep breath. ®I want you to 
make me grow up.¯In the pause that followed, Mayuka feared she had said
the wrong thing. ®I-I'm sorry!You probably won't help me unless I call you
'chan', right?That's what you always tell everyone else,and.¯ ®Aren't you
a perceptive little thing,¯Washu mused,wondering what else Mayuka had 
picked up. ®But don't worry,that 'chan' thing doesn't apply to you,angel.¯
The baby heaved a sigh of what was clearly relief. ®So you *will * help me?¯
The petite woman nodded absently. Age acceleration was hardly a problem,
but this was also a perfect opportunity to carry out the plan she had
been nursing for the past three months. Taking Mayuka by the hand, Washu
led her to a levitating chair, similar to the one on Ryo-oh-ki's bridge. ®You're
going to have to spend the night here,okay?¯ ®Un!¯Mayuka nodded her consent
vigorously. ®I'll do whatever it takes.¯ ®I wouldn't go *that * far, dear,¯Washu
remarked as she deftly undressed her. She placed a generous smock around 
Mayuka's small frame. ®Chotto matte,ne?¯ Mayuka did not question, but merely looked
quizzical, as Washu disappeared through a door which vanished once she had
shut it behind her. She returned almost instantly, carrying a pair of vials.
She combined the two fluids before Mayuka's wondering eyes, then she
transferred them to a syringe. ®Someday, you're going to thank me for this,¯
she silently told her sleeping daughter. ®Alright,Mayuka-chan, I'm going to
give you this. It may hurt a little, so you'll have to be brave,which I know you
are.¯ ®Hai,¯Mayuka pronounced firmly, then added, ®I am?¯ ®Of course you
are!It took a lot of courage for you to come in here, you know. Even your
father's scared of me!¯ ®But why?¯Washu forced herself not to look at the
imploring expression on Mayuka's face, blushed visibly and said, ®I'll tell 
you when you're older.¯ ®That'll be soon, right?¯ ®Yes.¯ I *will * be brave,
Mayuka told herself, closing the amber orbs of her eyes. As gently as possible,
Washu wiped a cotton ball dipped in rubbing alcohol over Mayuka's upper
arm, then injected her with the needle. ®I fluid I gave you will speed up the 
energy output of your mitochondria.¯ ®My what?¯ ®The part of your cells that's
responsible for.Oh, never mind,¯she sighed, seeing how blank Mayuka
was looking. ®It'll make you grow up, as you put it, but it also contains a mild
sedative.¯ ®A what?¯ ®I keep forgetting.Let's say.you'll probably be feeling
sleepy very soon.¯She could not tell Mayuka what else she had added.As the baby
closed her eyes in sleep, Washu asked herself why she was doing this without 
consulting the rest of the family first. They would, no doubt, agree with Washu's
decision, but she would have been better off asking them anyway, instead of going
ahead without their permission,especially Tenchi's. Then again, it *had * been 
Mayuka herself who had made this request, and that was more than sufficient
for Washu. Once the shock wore off, the rest of the household would accept
Mayuka's change as they had when she had been reborn. Now Washu's 
major concern was her daughter. The baby had all but been the center of
Ryoko's universe for the past year, how would she react to this?Washu told
herself that what she had added to the formula she'd given Mayuka would
benefit both the girl and Ryoko, yet she couldn't help but wonder if her
true motive was the fact that she still saw her daughter as a potential 
guinea pig. Mayuka began to stir, interrupting Washu's soul-searching.
The small red jewel on the baby's chest appeared, making her gasp.
®Looks like you're right on schedule,¯Washu commented. ®Let's see
about Ryoko-chan.¯Her eyes flew to her daughter's sleeping form the
instant she stepped out of her laboratory, and she searched for the proof
her experiment was, so far, a success. Sure enough, there was a crimson
pinpoint of light on the demoness's left wrist, indicating her center of power
was in tune with Mayuka's. Back in the laboratory, Mayuka gave a  strangled
cry, which Ryoko repeated a few moment later. Worried something in her 
experiment had gone awry, Washu entered her daughter's mind, not caring if
Ryoko minded or not. First of all, it became clear that the demoness was in 
more pain than she was able to bear. Then, a new voice was heard in the back 
of her mind. ®Is that you, Ryo-oh-ki?¯She knew it was not, still Ryoko asked
the cabbit. ®I'm sorry but I *had * to do this,¯the voice began. ®You're not mad
at me, are you? Will you still love me?¯ It was Mayuka, that much was clear to
Ryoko. ®May?*Where are you *?!Why can't I see you??¯ But I can hear your
every  word, like you were linked to me,she added to herself. ®I'd never be
mad at you, May, you *know * that!!¯ When she received no answer, the
demoness began to grow worried, desperately so. Was Mayuka in some kind 
of trouble? Washu retreated to the safety of her domain as Ryoko sat bolt 
upright on her rafter and wrapped her arms around herself to keep from 
shaking. ®Was that a dream.?¯she muttered, looking around the room 
before lying down again. Behind the laboratory door, Washu fought
back tears. She vowed this would be the last time she caused her child
this much pain. Science was hardly a justification. Mayuka,          
 meanwhile, was slowly growing older, looking now like a child of 
three years. Outwardly, she was lost in a peaceful slumber, yet in
reality, she was locked in the throes of a nightmare.and what horrified
her the most was that this nightmare was woven from her own memories.
Her fall through the air. the recollection that she had been dropped, and
who had been responsible for the act caused tears to slip down her sleeping
face. She could almost feel Yuzuha's dark powers pulling at her soul.
®NO!!¯ she cried out. ®I will not let you poison my mind again!!¯
Her cries drew Washu to her side, but the events were out of the petite
woman's hands. Mayuka had to confront the ghosts of her past alone,
Washu insisted, then she remembered that after what she had done, the
child would never be alone again. Her thoughts gave way to those of
dismay as Mayuka's features changed faster. ®Ryoko must surely be
feeling this,¯ she thought, bounding out the laboratory door and trying
not to panic. The demoness was, as she had feared, doubled over and
anything but asleep. Catching a gimpse of Washu, she called out to her.
®What are you *doing * to me?!!¯ The petite woman kept her wits about
her, calmly replying, ®it's not me.Try to hang on for a few more minutes.
This will all be over soon.¯ Ryoko glared at her and cursed under her
breath.Looking past her, Washu noticed the faintest shade of pink streaking
the morning sky. Had this really been going on all night? Ryoko fell back 
against the rafter, gasping for breath as her gem went dull. ®What in h*ll was
that all about?!¯ ®I'd be happy to show you, if you're feeling up to it.¯
®Washu,¯ the demoness started, not caring about the helpless note that had
crept into her voice, ®I don't think I have the energy to stand.¯ In her effort
to do so, she pitched over the side of the rafter. ®I've got you, my little Ryoko-chan.
You should let your mom take care of you, once in a while, instead of acting
so tough all the time!¯ Ryoko had been about to respond with, ®why do you always
have to be so d*mn patronizing ?!¯ but something about her mother's expression 
made her refrain from doing so. ®Show me what you said you would,¯ 
she whispered.
      In the center of Washu's laboartoy, a young girl lay sleeping in a floating
chair.  She stretched, opening wide amber eyes, and as she did so, her long
midnight blue hair spilled over her arm. The girl gave a cry of surprise,
looking down at her arms and legs. Her limbs were longer; they had grown!
Glancing at her body, she noticed the rest of her had grown, too. The smock
Washu had clothed her in the previous night had been plenty big, but now the
hem of it barely covered her pert little derriere. She felt eyes on her, and without
even turning around, knew that a pair of them belonged to Ryoko. Likewise, there
was no question in the demoness's mind that this young lady was indeed her 'May'.
Nevertheless, she heard herself ask, ®Mayuka?¯ just to be sure. Mayuka let out
a glad shriek, and hurled herself into the demoness's arms, her long hair flying.
Ryoko returned the hug, her head spinning from the recent turn of events.
This was clearly Washu's doing, what kind of mischief did she have in
mind now? ®Before you say a word, let me tell you this was Mayuka's
request,¯ the petite woman informed her daughter, reading the accusations
in her thoughts. The young girl was, meanwhile twirling around the laboratory,
stopping only when dizziness stepped in. It was so good to be sixteen again!
It had been the only age she had ever known, yet after living a full year as
a baby, Mayuka now had memories of a special time she never would
forget. Looking up to meet the eyes of the woman who had been her friend,
teacher and the closest thing she had to a mother, the young girl knew that
*this * time around, she and Ryoko would maintain the close relationship
they had built over the past year.
     ®I've got to see Papa and Sasami-chan and everybody!!¯ Mayuka's 
face was flushed with excitement as she ran toward the laboratory door.
®Hold it RIGHT THERE!! I've still got to run a few tests on you, young
lady!¯ ® Yeah, you can't let Tenchi see you dressed like that ! ! ¯ Washu
and her daughter almost spoke in unison. Mayuka whirled around to face 
them, her expression shot to the depths of dejection. ® Did I do something
wrong ? ¯ ® Listen, May, if you can wait a minute, I can bring you something
to wear, ¯Ryoko told her, afraid tears would start to form in the younger girl's
massive eyes. At that piece of news, Mayuka's eyes expanded even further.
® Oh, *would* you ? *Sugoi* ! ! ¯ When the demoness returned, she held a small,
pink filmy object over one arm. ® Try this on for size... ¯Ryoko stepped back after
helping Mayuka into the dress, which was the delicate color of sakura in the spring.
It was made of a light, almost sheer material and was held shut at the side by a thin
ribbon of pink. ® It's so pretty ! ¯ Mayuka breathed, almost at a loss for words. 
® ...Isn't that one of *your* dresses ? ¯ Washu glanced up at her much taller 
daughter. Her eyebrows shot up when Ryoko nodded. ® And you *gave* it to her ? ¯
® Yeah, is there a problem ? ! ¯  Mayuka was blissfully unaware of them as she 
resumed twirling around the laboratory. ® How come I've never seen *you* wear it
before ? ¯ ® I haven't, ¯ the demoness replied, not bothering to keep the irritation 
out of her voice. Washu deduced that her daughter was simply impossible to figure
out, and she let the subject drop. Mayuka had been trying to lift her veritable waterfall
of hair into a ponytail, when the doorbell rang again. ® Washu-oneechan ! ¯ Sasami 
sang out. ® Have you got Mayuka-imouto with you ? It's time for me to give her her
bottle and- ! ¯ The little princess came to an abrupt halt, seeing the adolescent Mayuka
for the first time and realizing that 'imouto' was an inappropriate nickname for her niece.
She blinked rose-colored eyes, feeling the sting of happy tears as she repeated her
sentence, with a slight correction :  ® Mayuka-oneechan ! ! ¯ ® Sasami-chan ! ! ¯
Both girls flung their arms around each other ; actresses in a television drama could
not have choreographed a more moving reunion. ® I missed you so much ! ¯ ® Ureshii... ¯
Sasami whispered, not understanding how this had come about, but grateful it had.
She had her best friend and fellow origami enthusiast back, nothing else mattered.
® Hey, I am *famished* ! ¯ Washu cut in, earning glares all around. ® Can't this wait
'till *after* we eat ? ¯ Sasami disengaged herself from Mayuka and headed for the door.
®I'm going to go get Tenchi-niichan ! It's great having you back, Mayuka-onee- ! ¯
The little princess never had a chance to finish, for Mayuka had bolted out the door at
the mention of Tenchi's name. ® Papa ! ! ! ¯ Halfway up the stairs to the second floor, 
she found herself in a head-on collision with her sought-after father, and proceeded to
confuse him even further by singing out,  ® Papa ! I'm back ! ! ! ¯ and throwing herself 
in his lap without another word. By the time Tenchi had recovered from the shock of
his reunion with his now-teenaged daughter, breakfast was on the table, and what members
of the household that had still been asleep had been roused by Mayuka's joyful shrieks
at greeting them all. Needless to say, the throng of exclaiming, giggling girls surrounding
Mayuka all had their own opinion regarding her 'new look'. ® Oh, let me give you a
haircut, Oneechan ! ¯ Sasami gushed. ® Yes, it's very important for a Princess of Jurai 
to take the best care of her personal appearance, you know. ¯ ® You can shampoo her
hair, Kiyone, and I'll cut it ! ¯ ® Mihoshi, do you *know* how to cut hair ? ¯ ® ...Well,
no, but I can learn really fast ! ¯ Upon hearing the blonde detective's reply, Mayuka 
shrieked, and brought her hands up to her hair as if to protect it, causing the others to
laugh. Mayuka was conscious of how little Ryoko was contributing to all this, and she
puzzled over it for a moment. ® I'm fine, May, ¯ the demoness answered silently, and it
was all Mayuka could do to keep from voicing her shock. Last night, she was *positive*
she had spoken to Ryoko's mind the way she had just now, but had she been dreaming,
before ? Only Ryo-oh-ki and Washu could do that, why was *she* able to- ? Ryoko was
having similar thoughts herself. As much as she had come to love her prot‚g‚, that wasn't
grounds for a mental link...was it ? For that to even be possible, Mayuka's cells would 
have to contain the Mass. Did that mean...  ® Washu, *what* have you done ? ! ¯ her mind
exploded. ®  You don't have to yell, Ryoko-chan. I'll talk. ¯ Washu's mind was as calm as
her daughter's was livid. By this time, breakfast had finished and those of the family who
worked were preparing to leave. Mayuka was occupied with helping Sasami clear the table,
but she observed the demoness's departure out of the corner of her mind.
     ® Siddown, this may take quite a bit of explaining. ¯ ® Iie, I'll stand. ¯ ® Have it your
way , ¯Washu sighed, hopping onto the floating cushion she had just offered Ryoko.
® You don't have to look so grumpy, there's a method to my madness, ya know ! ¯ 
She snickered. Ryoko flipped her hair over one shoulder with an exasperated sigh.
® Just get *on* with it, Washu. ¯ ® Okay, okay. It all started when I saw the two of 
you all curled up on the couch. ¯ ® Nandate ? ! ¯ ® That's right ! ¯ Washu crowed.
® And that's when I knew ! ! ¯she pronounced with triumph. There was a faint shade
of pink tingeing Ryoko's cheeks. ® ...Knew what ? ¯ the demoness asked guardedly.
® That wish you made ! ¯ ® ...What wish ? ¯ The faint tingeing of pink had deepened 
into a full-blown blush. ® That Mayuka was your... ¯ ® Yamero ! ! ¯ Washu grinned
devilishly and continued. ® That she was *your* daughter with- ! ¯ ® DAMARE ! ! ¯
Not even Zero's face had gotten this red, Washu mused before finally completing
her taunt. ® You wished that Mayuka was your's and Tenchi-dono's ! And *that*,
my dear Ryoko-chan, is why- ! ¯ ® Washu, if you breathe a word of this to *any*one,
I swear- ! ¯ ® Oh, so you admit it, now, do you ? ¯ ® What does this have to do with last
night ? D*ammit, Washu, stop evading me ! ! What have you done to May...and me... ? ¯
Washu smiled enigmatically, as her daughter quieted down. ® Did you know that Yuzuha
had an almost identical genetic structure to yours ? You might be an artificial oni, but 
you're really not all that different from the genuine article. All I had to do was switch
a few chromosomes here and there...add a little Mass, and you'd never even know the
difference ! ¯ ® You mean you- ! ¯ ® You got it, girl. I gave you your wish. ¯ ® And now
she's - May's my...But you didn't even ask her if *she* agreed to it ! Doesn't that make 
you in the least bit guilty ? ? ¯ ® Hey, you both got what you wanted, right ? ¯ Although
her mother's words hit home, the demoness was silent. ® Will this change her too much ? ¯
she said after a long pause. ® Not really. If anything she'll be easier to train, and it's pretty
likely she's picked up some of your fighting skills, too. ¯ ® ...I see...You're not gonna tell
him, are you ? ¯ ® Who, Tenchi-dono ? ¯ Ryoko shot her a murderous glare. ® Who 
*else* ? ! I don't know how May would take it, either. ¯ ® I won't tell 'em, if you won't. ¯
® Come again ? ? ¯ Washu's affectionate smile reached her emerald eyes. ® I may not always
be too good about showing it, but your happiness is important to me, Ryoko-chan. ¯ ® ...Oh... ¯
® And besides, ¯ Washu went on. ® Mayuka-chan'll make a *great* research subject for me ! ¯
® Your own granddaughter, 'Kaasan ? ¯ Ryoko chided, albiet with a smile on her face.

    Her freshly washed hair now cut and in two high ponytails, Mayuka skipped down the
dirt path to Ryoko's cave. Three days had passed since that fateful night under the summer
stars. Mayuka's step soon became as light as her heart at the thought of what was in store for 
her. She was going to seriously begin her training, starting today. The young girl wondered
how much training she would need in order to take Ryoko up on her offer of space travel.
She would at least need to know how to fly...Mayuka decided that her happiness was complete.
She was herself again, with a family who loved her, the past behind her and a teacher who
was always with her. Mayuka made a mental note to ask Ryoko to teach her the secret of flight.
It would be so wonderful to soar in that cloudless summer sky...
