                                Revelations
                               Ryouko's Loss
                                  Part  4
                                 By GenSao
                       Converted to text by Hakubi Ryouko

        Ryou-ouki screamed across the vastness of space attaining a speed
far greater than had ever been asked of her.  And still Ryouko asked for
more.  In her heart she knew it was too late.  Tenchi had been gone for
hours before she left.  Time enough for him to get to the randevous.  More
than time enough for Washu to do whatever she'd planned to.

        Washu.  Ryouko should have known.  She should have guessed.  She
cursed herself for a fool at not having seen the obvious.  Achika hadn't
been -- couldn't have been Aeka's idea.  The princess was too proper to
come up with something like this.  Oh, she was intelligent enough to see an
opportunity when it presented itself but not devious enough to come up
with the initial idea.

        ~Faster.  Faster.~ she chanted to herself, her thoughts slipping
over into Ryou-ouki's mind.  The ship was already pushing herself beyond
safe maxims and she knew that if she went any faster she'd cause
irrepariable damage.  But she reached down and coaxed out an erg more
energy -- a bit more speed.  Tenchi needed her.

                                    *

        Across the cosmos a Jurai Battleship also raced towards its
destination.  Aeka cursed.  Here she was heading back to Jurai while her
husband's life was in the hands of that pirate.  She paced across the
bridge of her ship angry at herself for letting Ryouko dictate their course
of action.  But she had been correct.  Aeka was the better choice to go to
Jurai.

        "You better save him, Ryouko." she growled out.

        "Ma'am?" one of the two guardians queried as it turned to her.

        "Nothing, Joururi.  What is our ETA to Jurai?"

        "At our current speed we will arrive within two days, seven
hours, twenty-one minutes." he replied.

        Aeka nodded.  An alarmed shreiked to life suddenly causing Aeka to
jump.

        "What is it!?" she demanded.  Joururi turned back to his station as
a holographic display appeared.

        "A ship is on an intercept course with us." he said.

        "What ship?  Show it to me!"

        "Yokai!"

        A large screen appeared above and in front of the guardians.  Aeka
gaped at the image it showed, her eyes widening and her head shaking in
denial.

        "It's not possible." she whispered.

                                           *

        Tenchi paced passed the Jurai Guardians for the tenth time.  Asaka
and Kamadaki followed his progress with their single "eye" awaiting the
inevitable --

        "Anything on long range scanners?" Tenchi asked one again.

        "Nothing Tenchi-sama.  Nothing has been on the LRS since we
arrived." Azaka explained.

        "Where could she be?" Tenchi growled out softly.  He arrived at the
randevous a little ahead of schedule but Aeka did not arrive when her
message said she would.  Nor had she an hour later.  Or the hour after
that.  Tenchi had begun to worry when she was initially late, but now he
was nearly frantic.

        "Nothing on sub-space radio?" he queried as he moved to stand
between the Guardians.

        "Nothing." Kamadake replied.  "Aeka-sama is not answering any of
our pages.  But as I explained, there are any number of reasons why that
could be."

        "She could be in trouble." Tenchi stated firmly.

        "Hai.  That is one of the possibilities." Kamadake agreed.

        Tenchi continued his his pacing, head bowed in thought.

        "Enough." he growled out.  "That's it.  I'm not waiting any
longer."

        "Azaka!  Kamadake!  Take us back to Earth!  There's something very
wrong here!"

        "Yoka-- " Azaka began when the early warning alarm sounded.
Surprised, the Guardians and Tenchi turned to the main screen as it came
up.  The crosshair pattern with concentric circles displayed a fast moving
ship bearing down on them.

        "Identify!" Tenchi barked out.

        "Yokai!  Ship Identification is -- " Azaka paused then turned to
Tenchi.  "Tenchi-sama!  It's the Ryou-ouki!!  And she coming in fast!!"

                                           *

        "Raise the Wings of the Lighthawk!!" Aeka screamed out.  "Joururi!!
Get Achika to safety!!"

        The Guardians complied, one breaking from his station and gently
taking the Jurai princess child off of the bridge and into the depths of
the ship.  The other raised the utlimate defense system of the Jurai fleet.
The three "wings" of energy unfolded, their brilliant blue-white light
bathing the Jurai battleship in a majestic aura.

        The wings rotated to blocked the first beam of energy lancing
towards the battleship, then rotated again to block a second.  And a third.
Soon more lances of energy were flashing towards the Jurai battleship than
the Lighthawk Wings could effectively block.

        Aeka was thrown to the floor as the ship lurched violently from the
energy strikes.  She screamed out as her shoulder bounced painfully off of
the floor.  She pulled herself to her feet just as one of the consoles
exploded in a shower of bark and flames.  She stumbled back while covering
her face.

        "Ashito!! Status?" she called out as she wiped blood from her brow.

        "Lighthawk Wings are down to twenty-five percent, Aeka-sama!  We
have massive damage all along the superstructure."

        Another explosion rocked the ship.

        "HULL BREACH!!" Ashito warned as debris showered, briefly, down
into the bridge.

        "SHIMATTA!!!" Aeka screamed.

                                           *

        Ryou-ouki blazed into the space sector her weapons primed and
ready.  Ryouko's eyes scanned the empty space, looking for debris of
Tenchi's ship.  Instead her eyes lighted on the Jurai battleship floating
peacefully -- alone.

        What the? she thought as she double checked her coordinates.  This
is the right place.  And yet --

        Her comminication beacon cried out and Ryouko opened a link to
Tenchi's ship.

        "RYOUKO!  What's wrong?" Tenchi demanded.

        "WHERE'S washu!!  WHERE'S THAT WITCH AT?"

        "What?  What are you talking about Ryouko?"

        "That message was a dupe Tenchi!!  Washu sent it to get you out
here so she could trap you!!"

        "What?" Tenchi asked blinking owlishly.  "But, how -- "

        "That's not important now." Ryouko interrupted.  If Washu isn't
here then --

        "Oh my god." she gasped.

        "What?  WHAT?" Tenchi demanded.  Instead of answering Ryou-ouki
screamed off in the direction she'd come.  "Damn it!!  FOLLOW HER!!"

        "Yokai!" Azaka replied.

        Ryou-ouki raced back towards Earth and, more importantly, towards
Jurai.  The ship's communication beacon chirped again and Tenchi's face
appeared in the viewscreen.

        "Ryouko!  What's the rush?" he demanded.

        "Washu wasn't setting a trap for you, Tenchi.  She couldn't have
been.  I don't think she'd hurt you.  But Aeka...  I sent her back to
Jurai, to warn her family.  It's just possible that -- "

        "No." Tenchi interrupted.

                                           *

        Wooden debris streamed from what was left of the bridge section of
the Jurai ship.  Seated in a high-back command chair Washu blinked at the
massive damage very peturbed.

        "I said DISABLE the ship, not destroy it!!" she screamed.

        "My apologies." a voice said from the shadows of the ship she was
in.  Washu sighed.

        "Any life signs?" she asked.

        "No." the voice replied.  "All life signs have been extinguished."

        "Kusou!" the scientist growled out.  "Oh well.  I guess I'll have
to do this the hard way."

        "Take us to Jurai." she ordered as the chair swivelled to point her
at the shadows.  "And engage the cloaking device."

        "Yokai, Washu-sama." the voice said.

        Slowly, almost regally, a silhouette banked away from the destroyed
battleship.  Momentarily the rays of a nearby star pulled the object from
the shadows and the ship beneath was revealed.  The Souja pointed her nose
toward Jurai space then the cloaking device engaged and she vanished from
prying eyes.




