Disclaimer:

I do not own any of these characters. They belong to the very creative people at 
AIC/ Pioneer. I don't make any money off of this so don't sue me. I just have 
too much free time on my hands. ^_^;

Notes: Hi! This is my first fan-fic. It takes place at the end of the OAV Tenchi 
series. If there is any inconsistencies let me know. Oh, also Please E-MAIL 
me!!! I want to know if you like it!! OK! ^_^ If you have any suggestions on 
improvement, they are welcomed too. Well on with the story and I hope you enjoy.

E-mail: jennyb4@hotmail.com

********************************************************************************

RYOKO'S GEMS: CHAPTER ONE

Ryoko tossed and turned in her bed. Sweat was beading on her forehead. Her face 
became noted in pain.

-------------------------------------DREAM--------------------------------------

Ryoko stood on a rock floating in a sea of blackness. There were no stars or any 
signs of life around her. The eerie red glow of her sword gave off the only 
light. Ryoko could see only the ground she stood on. Her battle suit clung 
tightly to her body. She took a deep breath trying to calm her fear. Her breasts 
strained against her suit with each breath. Her chest hurt. The confines of her 
battle suit, which gave her the free movement in combat that she loved, seemed 
all to restricting and tight now. The blackness bared down at her more fiercely 
than any enemy could. 

"Where am I!" she screamed into the blackness. No one answered. Ryoko felt 
alone. The constant voices of Ryo-Ohki and Washu, which always loomed in the 
back of her mind, were gone. Ryoko could only hear herself breathing. She could 
not leave the rock. Her body refused to move from it. But where would she go? 
She was the only one there. 

>What is going on? Where is everyone?< Ryoko thought, as she looked out into the 
darkness. 

"What is happening!" Ryoko yelled. 

Sasami appeared before her. Her body a translucent spirit. 

"Sasami," Ryoko whispered.

"Ryoko," Sasami cried, "I thought you were my friend."

"Sasami, I am," Ryoko said softly, "Tell me where I am." 

"I thought you were me friend," Sasami repeated as tears streamed down her face. 
Her tearful eyes pleading to Ryoko.

"Sasami, what happened?" Ryoko reached out for the translucent figure of Sasami. 
Ryoko wanted to comfort the child’s pain, but Sasami disappeared and Aeka took 
her place.

"I knew I should have never trusted you," Aeka said with venom and hatred.

Ryoko stumbled back at the sight of Aeka. Aeka’s battle suit was covered in 
dried blood. Blood matted down her purple hair. The scab above Aeka’s right eye 
concealed a deadly gash. Ryoko stared speechlessly at the horror before her. 
Ryoko swallowed, trying the best to find her voice.

"You never trusted me," Ryoko retorted to Aeka's image. Ryoko tried to regain 
her bearings.

"I should have never trusted you, demon," Aeka said. The dried blood on her 
forehead cracked and started to bleed. The blood trickled over Aeka’s eye but 
she did not wipe it away. Ryoko could see the blood seeping through Aeka’s 
battle suit. Aeka seemed not to notice the blood pooling at her feet. 

"What in the hell is going on?!" Ryoko screamed pointing her sword at Aeka.

"Never to be trusted," Aeka said staring at Ryoko.

"Stop this!!" Ryoko screamed in frustration. 

>What in the hell is going on?< Ryoko thought.

"I should have never trusted a demon!!" Aeka yelled at Ryoko in full-fledged 
anger. 

An energy field started to form around Aeka. Ryoko kept her sword drawn in front 
of her. She had never seen Aeka so mad and full of vengeance. Aeka actually 
looked like she would kill her. It is not like Aeka did not try to kill Ryoko 
every time she saw Ryoko on Tenchi, but this time death and vengeance gleamed in 
her eyes. Aeka came closer to Ryoko. Ryoko backed away. Ryoko felt her foot at 
the edge on the floating rock. Ryoko could feel the heat radiating from the 
pulsing energy field that surrounded the princess of Jurai.

"Aeka tell me what happened?" Ryoko yelled.

"You will always be a heartless demon." Aeka said coldly. 

"STOP THIS!!!" Ryoko screamed. Ryoko’s emotions overwhelmed her as she passed 
through Aeka’s energy field unharmed and plunged her sword deep into Aeka’s 
translucent body. Aeka disappeared into the blackness. Ryoko stood stunned. 

"Never to be trusted," Aeka’s voice echoed out of the blackness.

"It was only an illusion," Ryoko sighed in relief. Aeka’s words echoed in 
Ryoko’s head. She placed her sword before her ready to strike. "What are these 
illusions going to accomplish?" Ryoko yelled out into the blackness, "Are you 
afraid to fight me?" 

Something started to come out of the blackness. Ryoko prepared herself to 
attack. 

"WHY?!!" The image said as it formed before Ryoko. Mihoshi appeared inches from 
the tip of Ryoko’s sword. 

"WHY?!" Mihoshi wailed. Her hands clasped together pleading Ryoko for an answer. 
"Why, Ryoko?"

"This is only an illusion," Ryoko said under her breath as she moved her sword 
through Mihoshi.

"Who ever is doing this, show yourself!!" Ryoko yelled. No one answered. 
"Coward!"

Washu formed behind Ryoko and started to walk around her. Ryo-Ohki hopped next 
to Washu’s feet. They inspected Ryoko up and down. Ryoko did not feel their 
presence in her mind. 

>Another illusion.< 

"What are you trying to prove?" Ryoko yelled at Washu. Washu did not answer 
Ryoko’s question.

"Another defective invention," Washu murmured, as she inspected Ryoko’s body 
more closely.

"Meow," Ryo-Ohki said in agreement. 

"I am not defective," Ryoko said as she disintegrated the images of Washu and 
Ryo-Ohki.

"These illusions can’t hurt me!" Ryoko screamed. "If you want to destroy me come 
out and..." Ryoko caught herself in mid sentence as Tenchi came out of the 
darkness. 

"Tenchi," Ryoko whispered.

"Ryoko, what have you done?" He asked. His body was translucent. His face held 
sadness and hurt. 

"Tenchi, I..."Ryoko stopped her explanation. 

>No, This is another illusion< Ryoko thought.

"This is just another illusion," Ryoko said as she closed her eyes and slid her 
blade through Tenchi’s body. Tears fell from her eyes as she her blade cut 
through Tenchi. 

>I won’t let you hurt me with the one I love,< she thought.

Ryoko opened her eyes. Tenchi did not disappear. Her sword had punctured through 
his body. Blood flowed from the gash. Pain creased Tenchi’s face as he placed 
his hands over Ryoko’s. Ryoko felt the warmth of his hands covering hers as she 
held her sword in his body. Ryoko started to tremble. 

>Why hadn’t he disappeared like the others? He is supposed to disappear!< Ryoko 
screamed to herself. 

"No," Ryoko whispered in horror. Ryoko’s blade disappeared.

"Ryoko," he choked as he collapsed at her feet.

"Tenchi! Tenchi," Ryoko cried as she backed away from his bloody body. 
"Tenchi..."

>This can’t be happening,< Ryoko repeated in her head. Her body shook violently. 
She could barely keep her balance as she backed away from the sight of his 
corpse. Blackness came in and out of her vision. 

"Well, done," an unknown female voice said. Ryoko felt the weight of a hand on 
her shoulder. 

Ryoko felt her body go limp. Her body did not react to the emotions that were 
tearing her up inside. She screamed at her self to go to Tenchi, but her body 
did not respond. Ryoko stood there staring at Tenchi’s body. Ryoko felt her head 
nod in agreement.

"Yes well done," Ryoko heard herself say to the unknown woman.

Run! Fight! Kill her! Ryoko screamed inside but her body did not respond. Ryoko 
felt her mind go blank all remorse, regret and sadness disappeared. She watched 
the blood seep out of Tenchi’s corpse with no feeling. She had no feelings, no 
thoughts. Her body contained emptiness, a hallow shell. 

"Finish this dimension," the woman said as she disappeared from Ryoko’s side.

Ryoko’s wrists started to glow. She felt energy flow into her hands. A blue 
energy sword started to take shape. The light hawk wings. Ryoko felt an 
explosion of energy release from her body...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko woke up. Cold sweat covered her shaking body. 

>A dream. A dream< Ryoko repeated to herself. She tried to get a hold of her 
emotions. Images of her dream still played vividly in her mind. 

"It was just a dream," she told herself, but the images would not leave. 

>Please let them go away< Ryoko thought. She wrapped her arms around her body 
trying to banish the panic and terror that consumed her.

Ryoko lay on one of the support beams of the house. Ryoko could not stop her 
body from shaking. 

>It was just a dream!< she screamed to herself, >Get a hold of yourself,< Ryoko 
took a few deep breaths trying to calm her body.

Ryo-Ohki woke from her sleeping place at Ryoko’s feet. The sleepy cabbit looked 
at her distressed master.

>>Ryoko?<<

Ryoko sat up as Ryo-Ohki’s voice came into her head. Ryo-Ohki watched her master 
with concern. 

>>Are you alright?<< Ryo-kee asked.

"Yes I am fine," Ryoko replied.

Ryo-Ohki hoped up to Ryoko’s knees. She looked up at her questioningly. Ryoko 
did not look fine. Her face wore too many emotions to describe. Ryoko ran her 
hand through Ryo-Ohki’s soft fur. Ryo-Ohki purred as Ryoko ran her hand over an 
itch. Ryo-Ohki could feel her master's terrible distress. Ryo-Ohki did not 
understand.

"Miya?" she was uncertain how to help her.

"It was just a dream," Ryoko told the worried Ryo-Ohki. 

>>Dreams don’t make you tremble,<< Ryo-Ohki said.
"Could something have happened..." Ryoko stopped in mid-sentence. 

"Tenchi!"

"Miya?" Ryo-Ohki said as Ryoko disappeared from under her. The cabbit fell and 
landed on the soft cushion. She did not expected Ryoko’s sudden dismissal.

>Something is wrong< Ryo-Ohki thought. Ryo-Ohki sat on the cushion bathed in the 
gentle light of the moon waiting for Ryoko's return. 

Ryoko frantically teleported into Tenchi’s room. Ryoko appeared next to his bed. 
Tenchi safely slept in the protection of his sheets. Ryoko let out her a sigh of 
relief. 

>He is all right. I did not do anything to harm him< Ryoko thought. Ryoko 
touched Tenchi’s sleeping face. She felt the warm of his breath against her hand 
as she stroked his cheek. >I will not let anything harm you< Ryoko vowed, >Even 
if it is me I have to stop< Tenchi started to stir. Ryoko quickly pulled her 
hand away. Ryoko silently watched Tenchi become still again. Ryoko did not want 
him to wake and find her there. She unhappily remembered the last time he found 
her watching over him while he slept. 

"Sleep well my love," Ryoko said softly. 

She resisted the impulse to touch him again and reluctantly teleported into Aeka 
and Sasami’s room. Sasami had tossed her covers off. Aeka slept soundly snuggled 
under hers. The two princess of Jurai seemed to be enjoying their dreams. Aeka 
had a serene look on her face. No blood stained her white skin or discolored the 
deep purple of her hair. Both were all right. Ryoko sighed with relief. Nothing 
had happened while she slept. Ryoko heard Mihoshi snoring from down stairs. 

>It is a wonder that that ditz does not wake the whole house< Ryoko thought. 
>One lasts person to check on.<

Ryoko teleported from Aeka’s room into Washu’s lab. Washu was hunched over her 
computer. 

>Everyone is all right< Ryoko thought.

"Why shouldn’t we all be all right, Little Ryoko?" Washu said turning around in 
her seat to look at Ryoko.

>Damn her for reading my thoughts.< 

"So unladylike to swear at ones mother. If you keep that up Tenchi will surely 
pick Aeka," Washu said with a smug grin on her face, as she watched her daughter 
try to control her anger. "So why did you think I was in danger?"

Ryoko stood there facing Washu. "I thought I heard an explosion in your lab," 
Ryoko lied. Ryoko did not come there to start a fight. Her dream exhausted her. 
She was not in the mood to play mind games with Washu and end up strapped to a 
machine the rest of the night.

"As long as Mihoshi stays out of here, there will be no more explosions," Washu 
said to Ryoko with a smile on her face. "I created a great big robot to stop 
her." Washu gestured to the gray machine hovering a few feet away from Ryoko. 
Ryoko turned to see the creation. The robot blended in with the other various 
contraptions Washu worked on. 

"Well that should keep Mihoshi busy for at least a few minutes," Ryoko yawned, 
"Back to bed. Good night Washu," Ryoko said as she started to float out of 
Washu’s lab. Washu was deep in thought as she studied her robot from her chair.

"Ryoko!" Washu warned from her chair, not even bothering taking her eyes of the 
robot. Ryoko cringed. 

"Good night mother," Ryoko corrected herself.

"Good night, Little Ryoko," Washu said happily.

Ryoko cringed again as Washu called her that. Ryoko quickly teleported out of 
the lab before she said something that she would regret. 

Washu leaned back in her chair. 

>What is troubling you Ryoko?< Washu thought. She took her eyes off the robot 
and stared at the empty space where daughter had exited. 

---------------------------------DEEP IN SPACE----------------------------------

"D3, what do you request?"

"Lady Tokimi wishes you to continue your mission."

"I was right that Dr. Clay failed," the young man said. The young man stood up. 
His black hair shadowed his dark blue eyes. He showed no fear of D3’s form. "I 
will not fail Lady Tokimi."

"We shall see, Gyhard."

Gyhard’s head jerked up at this insult. "You doubt my abilities?"

D3 sneered contemptously at the pirate. 

>These humans so concurred with their pride- he thought. 

"When you bring the lady here that will be determined." 

"I will bring her to Lady Tokimi," Gyhard said as he turned to leave.

Lady Tokimi appeared after he left.

"He is arrogant."

"That might be but he does have the capabilities to bring my sister here."

"I feel he will cause trouble."

Lady Tokimi smiled at the uncertain D3. 

D3 caught on to what she was doing. "You are looking into the future again."

"The future is never certain."

"That is true. What is the out come of this move?"

She gave him another smile and disappeared. 

>She is up to something,< D3 wished he knew what. He brought up the image of the 
boy with the light hawk wings. He has something to do with it. >Where did he get 
such power?<

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko had gotten up early. The sun hadn’t even reached over the horizon. She 
just stood by the water watching the colors of the sky turn. It was one of the 
few moments Ryoko could say were her own. She shrugged off her nightmare and let 
her mind wander to the focal-point of her most happy thoughts, Tenchi. "If only 
he were here right now, it would be perfect," Ryoko thought. 

Tenchi looked out of his window. He loved to watch the sunrise. 

>This is probably the most quite part of his whole day,< he thought. He saw a 
figure by the lake. At first glance, >Sasami,< Tenchi thought. Sasami always got 
up early to make breakfast for everyone. He looked closer. The figure was too 
tall and did not have the two blue ponytails. >Ryoko. What is she doing up so 
early?< he thought. He just stood there for a few minutes watching her. >She is 
so calm and peaceful, when she isn’t blowing my house up,< he thought as turned 
away from the window to get dressed. It was one of the few times Tenchi got to 
see Ryoko’s other side. The side that was not trying to kill Aeka and seduce 
him.

The sun was already over the horizon. "Tenchi should be up by now," Ryoko said 
happily as she telleported herself from the lake and into Tenchi’s bedroom. 

Tenchi was putting on his pants. Two arms wrapped around his chest. "Tennnchhi," 
Ryoko cued, "Did you sleep well?"

"Ryoko. Get off," Tenchi said annoyed. 

>She always picks the most inappropriate times,< Tenchi thought.

Ryoko just snuggled closer. Her breasts pressed against his back while her hands 
explored his chest. 

"Ryoko!" Tenchi said as he lost his balance and fell through his door with Ryoko 
landing on top of him.

Aeka came out of her bedroom to see Ryoko lying on top of Tenchi. "Ryoko! What 
are you doing to Lord Tenchi?!" Aeka bellowed.

"What two people in love are supposed to do," Ryoko remarked getting off of him 
to confront Aeka.

"Tenchi, you cannot love this monster," Aeka looked hurt and betrayed. 

>Why do I always have to be in the middle of this?< Tenchi thought. 

"Tenchi tell her of our undying love," Ryoko seductively said, as she took one 
of Tenchi’s arms.

"Let go of him Ryoko," Aeka said.

>Why me?< he thought as Aeka grabbed his other arm. Both of them were yelling 
for him to tell the other that he was in love with her. 

"I have to be getting to the shrine," Tenchi said pulling his arm loose from 
Ryoko and Aeka. Then he noticed he still wasn’t wearing any pants. He flushed a 
deep red, as did Aeka. Ryoko smiled, thinking what he would look like if he were 
not wearing his boxers. Tenchi scurried back into his bedroom as fast as he 
could.

"Look what you did, Ryoko,"

"Look what I did! He was so frightened that you would hurt him, he had to 
leave."

"I am not the one who is the space pirate and is known for hurting hundreds of 
people." Ryoko and Aeka glared at each other. 

"Since I am a space pirate, it does not matter if I add you to my list," Ryoko 
said as she summoned her sword and pointed at Aeka. Aeka called her logs. The 
explosions shook the house.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Tenchi finished dressing and snuck out of his room as Ryoko and Aeka fought.

"Fighting this early in the morning," Sasami sadly said as Tenchi entered the 
kitchen. He nodded. 

"I just wish they wouldn’t do it in the house," Tenchi said calmly. He grabbed a 
piece of toast and started to walk out of the door. 

"You are not going to have breakfast, Tenchi?" Sasami asked.

"I an sorry Sasami, but I was supposed to be at the shrine 15 minutes ago." He 
walked out of door and to the temple. 

"Are you going to be home for lunch Tenchi?" Sasami asked as he left the room.

"Yes and thank you, Sasami."
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
"Tenchi, you are late."

"Sorry, Grandfather," Tenchi said as he bowed.

"You will have to do extra chores to compensate for your lateness."

"What?!"

"You disagree?"

"No, Grandfather," Tenchi said as he started to sweep the shrine. "I am so mad 
at Ryoko and Aeka. It is because of them that I am going to be stuck here all 
day."

"You shouldn’t blame the girls for your own tardiness," Grandpa said. Tenchi was 
about to protest but his grandfather silenced him. "You could stop their 
bickering by one word."

"That would mean I would hurt one of them."

"So, you are interested in one of them."

"Grandfather!"

Tenchi’s grandfather left. He was right and Tenchi knew it. He just couldn’t 
choose one over the other. "I don’t want to choose one over the other. I wish 
they would just forget about me."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The brawl with Aeka that morning used up the little energy Ryoko still had. The 
dream last night did not allow her to rest or to think. She almost got hit twice 
by Aeka's energy, which she should have been able to avoid completely. Ryoko 
rubbed her arm where one of the energy waves glazed her. She would not give Aeka 
the satisfaction to know that she got hurt. Ryoko laid down on the couch. Her 
eyes grew heavy and she quickly fell asleep. 

-------------------------------------DREAM--------------------------------------

She was floating naked in a sea of darkness. She was freezing. There was no 
sound, no warmth, no life. 

"Ryoko," a voice called out to her, "What have you done?"

"Who are you!?" Ryoko demanded. Ryoko turned to see were the voice was coming 
from.

"Ryoko, What have you done?" the voice continued to call her.

"What did I do!?" Ryoko screamed in frustration. "Show yourself!"

Aeka appeared in front of her. She was a ghost. Ryoko could see right through 
her.

"Aeka!"

"Ryoko, look what you have done," Aeka said. 

Then Sasami appeared. Her body a translucent spirit like Aeka. Her face held a 
distant look of sadness. "Why, Ryoko?" Sasami pleaded. "Why?" Tears were running 
down her cheeks.

Mihoshi appeared. 

"I thought we were friends," Mihoshi wailed.

"Who is doing this?!" Ryoko yelled summoning her energy sword. 

Washu appeared directly in front of Ryoko. She looked Ryoko up and down 
murmuring to herself. 

"Another defective experiment," she said looking Ryoko in the eye.

"What do you mean defective?!" Ryoko yelled at her. Ryoko pointed her sword at 
Washu.

"Defective," Washu said solemnly.

-------------------RYOKO’S DREAM CHANGES TO A DIFFERENT DREAM-------------------

"Tenchi! Run!" she screamed. They were in space on an asteroid. Washu and 
Tsunami were chained to an invisible wall. Aeka was fighting a woman. The woman 
had a single blue dot on her forehead. She grabbed Aeka by the neck. Aeka 
screamed. The woman threw Aeka against the wall. Aeka fell lifelessly to the 
floor. Tenchi ran to her side. Tsunami screamed. Mihoshi had her gun pointed at 
the woman.

"I order you to stop in the name of the galaxy police," Mihoshi yelled at her. 
"Please," she meekly said. 

"Silence!" the woman screamed. She threw a powerful bolt of energy at her. 
Mihoshi fell unconscious to the floor.

"You will pay," Tenchi yelled from Aeka’s body. Tears were in his eyes. He stood 
up and drew his sword.

"Tenchi! No!" Ryoko could hear her voice but she couldn’t do anything but watch.

She watched helplessly as Tenchi tried to fend off the woman’s blows. The woman 
hit Tenchi with blue energy knocking the sword Tenchiken from his hand. The 
sword slid over to Ryoko. Before Tenchi could recover from the blow, the woman 
threw him against the wall.

"Sister give me your power. Then I will spare this boy’s life." Washu looked up 
dazed from where she hung.

"I cannot," Washu said weakly.

"Then I will take it from you."

"Tokimi! Stop!" Tsunami yelled. "Tokimi!" 

That name echoed in Ryoko’s brain. She felt hot tears streaking down her cheeks. 
Ryoko saw Tenchi lying on the floor. 

"NO!" Ryoko cried. Ryoko started to glow in a bluish light and a blue sword 
appeared in front of her. The woman turned. Ryoko’s body filled with an unknown 
energy. It overwhelmed her.

"You!" the woman screamed...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi came back to the house to get a bite to eat before he started working in 
the fields. Tenchi walked into the house. The house seemed ten degrees cooler 
than outside. He inhaled the cool air. 

"Man it is hot," he said brushing off some of the sweat from his forehead. 

>I wonder were everyone is?< he thought. Usually the house was filled with the 
fighting of Aeka and Ryoko. He walked into the living room. Tenchi saw Ryoko 
tossing and turning on the couch. She seemed to be in pain.

"Ryoko," he whispered to her. He walked over to her and knelt down. He softly 
shook her shoulder. "Ryoko."

The light consumed her. She woke up to she Tenchi. She sat up quickly. It seemed 
so real. She tried to shake off the feeling of an unknown dread.

"Ryoko, are you O.K.?" 

She smiled.

"I would be better if you sleep with me tonight," Ryoko said as she wrapped her 
arms around Tenchi’s neck. 

"Ryoko," he warned. He was going to continue his objection but he felt Ryoko 
trembling against his skin.

He put his arm around her. Ryoko laid her head on his shoulder. She sighed 
happily. 

>Don't ever leave me< Ryoko thought. Tenchi wondered what could have disturbed 
Ryoko so. She lifted her head from his shoulder. Her lips where only a few 
inches away from his. Tenchi searched her gold eyes for answer to her dread. She 
leaned closer, her lips almost touching his. Tenchi did not struggle.

"Ryoko! Get off of him!" Tenchi was just as startled by Aeka’s outburst, as was 
Ryoko. 

>What does that damn Princess want now?!< Ryoko thought. Ryoko floated a few 
feet away from Tenchi. Aeka had the look of murder on her face. 

>I won’t have that demon corrupting the prince of Juri and my future husband,< 
Aeka thought.

"Ryoko, I won’t stand this,"

Ryoko really did not feel like fighting with her at this very moment. The dream 
was still bothering her. "See you tonight Tenchi," Ryoko seductively said. She 
laughed and disappeared before Aeka could respond.

"Oh, that Ryoko," Aeka fumed. Tenchi just stood there looking at the place that 
once held Ryoko. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko was walking through the forest. She could not shake off the feeling of 
dread. 

"Why can’t I shake this feeling off!?" She yelled as she fired a blast into the 
trees. Birds flew up into the air and the animals scattered. The forest was left 
in an eerie silence. A muffled sob rouse out of the silence.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko did not show up for dinner. Everyone kept to themselves. Aeka was still 
mad over finding Ryoko and Tenchi together this afternoon. She decided not to 
talk to Tenchi the rest of the day, and vowed to kill Ryoko the next time she 
saw her. Mihoshi left abruptly for an assignment. Tenchi’s dad called to say he 
had to pull an all-nighter because of a deadline. Sasami tried to start a 
conversation, but Aeka would only give her one worded answers and Tenchi did not 
feel much like talking. So Sasami gave up and started to play with Ryo-Ohki. 
Tenchi left as soon as he finished. He was worried about Ryoko. She seemed 
frightened today when he found her. 

>What could have made her so worried?< he thought. He considered looking for 
her, but that would make Aeka more upset. 

"She is bounded to show up sooner or later," Tenchi said as he climbed his 
stairs to his room. Tenchi walked into his room to find Ryoko standing next to 
his window. Her back was turned at him.

"Ryoko What are you doing in here? How many time have I told..." Tenchi caught 
himself. Ryoko turned to face him when he started speaking. Tears stained her 
face.

"Ryoko what is wrong?" Tenchi said worriedly. It bothered him to see Ryoko 
crying. He walked over to her. "Ryoko did Aeka do something to you?" Tenchi knew 
how preposterous that question sounded, because Aeka was the last person who 
could upset Ryoko to tears. Did he do something?

"Like that princess could ever hurt me," she said. Ryoko smiled back at him 
shaking her head. 

"Did I do something to you Ryoko?" Tenchi said. Tenchi tried to think back to   
their recent conversations. Trying to think of something that he might have done 
unknowingly.

"No, Tenchi you have done nothing," Ryoko said. Ryoko put her arms around 
Tenchi’s neck and rested her head on his chest. Tenchi stood there, shocked for 
a moment. Tenchi braced himself for Ryoko to start seducing him but she did not. 
She held him in a gentle embrace. He could feel her light breathing against his 
chest. 

"Ryoko?" Tenchi said with concern. He did not like to see her upset. Tenchi did 
not want to let Ryoko go, but if Aeka came in, there would be royal hell. Tenchi 
put his arms on Ryoko’s shoulders and pulled her away from him. "Ryoko tell me 
what is bothering you?"

Ryoko stood before Tenchi and took a deep breath. "I want you to have this," 
Ryoko said, taking the deep red gem from her wrist.

"Ryoko…" Tenchi said.

"Tenchi as long as I have this gem, you are in danger," Ryoko said sadly.

Tenchi watched Ryoko in shock. "Ryoko I know you would never harm me."

"I would never hurt you Tenchi. I would die before anyone harms you," Ryoko 
replied. Tenchi scratched the back of his head. It made him uncomfortable when 
Ryoko talked liked that. "But I don’t want someone using me to hurt you. I had 
no control when Kagato came and tried to kill you," Ryoko said.

"Ryoko, he is dead," Tenchi said. 

"No Tenchi. I thought it would be the last time I would be under someone’s 
control, but Dr. Clay came and used me the same way. I would have killed you 
that night Tenchi, if I hadn't been able to overcome Dr. Clay’s command," Ryoko 
shook at the memory. 

"That was not you but Zero," Tenchi said trying to get Ryoko to think 
rationally.

"Zero is me. It doesn’t matter that she was a clone. She was going to kill you 
... I was going to kill you," Ryoko said, "Tenchi please take it." Ryoko held 
the gem out to Tenchi. Ryoko could feel her power leaving her body. The soft 
voice of Ryo-Ohki became distant and unclear. 

Tenchi did not know what to do. The gems were Ryoko’s. Hs should have given back 
the two remaining gems in the hilt of his sword a long time ago but it never 
dawned on him to do so, and Ryoko never asked. Her gems were very important to 
her, and now she was giving them up. He knew Ryoko would never harm him 
intentionally. What caused her to become so paranoid now? 

"Ryoko why are you doing this?" Tenchi said.

Ryoko’s body started to shake. She wanted so much to take back her gem. She did 
not want to go back to the emptiness she had without them, but the images of her 
dream danced in her mind. Tenchi’s body lying in a pool of blood. Her sword 
cutting through Aeka and Sasami. Being unable to do anything as she killed her 
friends and her beloved one. No, living with emptiness was far better than the 
horrible dream coming to reality. 

"I told you why?!" Ryoko yelled at him, "Take my gem Tenchi!" 

>Can't he realize, I am doing this for his own good?< Ryoko thought. 

Tenchi reluctantly took the gem from Ryoko’s shaking hand. The gem flashed a 
bright red then turned dark. Tenchi went over to his desk to put the gem back 
into his sword. Ryoko stood there dazed. She felt dizzy. She could not feel 
either Ryo-Ohki's or Washu’s presence. Her body felt weak without her powers. 
She swayed a little bit. Tenchi caught her before she lost her balance.

"Ryoko are you O.K.?"

"Ya, fine," Ryoko said weakly.

"Maybe Washu should take a look at you," Tenchi said.

"No," Ryoko quickly said. Washu was going to demand some answers from her and 
Ryoko did not feel like battling her. Washu would realize soon enough that she 
had lost her connection to Ryoko. 

>What will Washu think when she realizes, she has lost her connection to me? She 
is probably going to be the youngest person to have a heart attack,< Ryoko 
thought, >Well serves her right for leaving me in that machine.< 

"I just need to adjust. I will be all right Tenchi," Ryoko told him.

Tenchi looked at her skeptically. 

>I just wish my head would stop spinning< she thought, >I have not felt so weak 
since Yosho locked me in that damn cave.<

********************************************************************************

So, what did you think? ^_^ E-mail: jennyb4@hotmail.com


