HI! No, I have not died or got abducted by aliens and yes I am still writing >hehe< I have 
to thank every one that has e-mailed me asking when I would I have chapter five done. I 
apologize to all my readers for taking so long. >humbly asks forgiveness< I also have to 
thank just about everyone in that chat room for listening and reading over my fic. Thanks 
guys!  Also thanks Leon-san, Meachy , and Masaki-Ryouko for helping me correcting it.  
Okay I have rambled enough. Well enjoy the story. Please e-mail at 
jennyb4@hotmail.com with any of your comments. Have fun ^_^ 


RYOKO'S GEMS: CHAPTER FIVE

The rumble of the ship's engine vibrated through the hard steel-floor of 
Gyhard's ship.  Ryoko's body lay on its side with no apparent damage besides the 
worn bandages that covered her midsection. The reminisce of Gyhard's immovable 
hand that covered her slender neck had turned a deep purple. Ryoko's breath came 
out in short gasps, as she tried to grasp for air in her dazed sleep.  Her eye's 
where squeezed shut, trying to block out the sound that caused her head and body 
to throb in agony.  The sound of the ship's engines harshly brought her back to 
the aches and pains that screamed throughout her body.  She lay slightly dazed 
but fully awake, as she gazed at her surrounding from her awkward position on 
the floor.  The ship's control lights blinked off and on.  From where Ryoko lay, 
she could see a portion of the screen on which Gyhard had set his attention on.  
Images of planets and stars flashed on and off across the large screen.  Ryoko 
could not make out the coordinates that Gyhard programmed into the computer. She 
lifted her head to get a better view and was rewarded with a sharp pain. Her 
hand automatically came up to her neck.  She delicately touched the bruised 
spots on her neck. Even the soft touch caused shivers of pain running trough her 
whole body. 
        
Her movements caught Gyhard's attention.  He had almost killed her back on Earth 
but then he had devised a better way to end her life.  Her fearless golden eyes 
had taunted his attempt to kill her.  She even smirked at him as he held her 
neck in a deathly grip. She showed no fear even when staring death right in the 
eye.  He would strike fear into her being.  Ryoko would bow before him and beg 
him to kill her quickly. His icy blue eyes turned to look on his helpless 
captive.

Ryoko felt Gyhard's gaze on her.   

"I will kill you," Ryoko said absolutely as her hand came away from the markings 
on her neck. 

Gyhard chuckled at her willful response. 

"You really should have killed me when you had the chance because I will not 
give you the mercy you have given me," Ryoko said easing herself up slowly, 
taking her time not to cause herself any more unnecessary hurt.  

"Where did you get the silly idea that I was going to let you live?" Gyhard 
spoke as he got out of his chair.  His footsteps clanged against the metal floor 
as he made his way to Ryoko. A darken shadow fell over her. Ryoko forced herself 
to lift her head into a strenuous position so she could meet his gaze.
  
"Because I am looking into your hideous face," Ryoko replied.

"No Ryoko, you will die. I had other priorities that take presence over your 
death."  He smiled down at her.  

Ryoko scowled back. "What might those be?"

Gyhard lifted his gaze off of Ryoko to look at what lay behind her. Ryoko turned 
her head to see what had caught Gyhard's interest. Washu lay on her stomach.  
Her red hair mangled with dried dark-red blood, which covered most of the back 
of her head. Washu's face was turned away from Ryoko. Ryoko's breath caught in 
her throat as she looked onto the sight before her.

"You killed her." Ryoko had not even realized she had spoken the horrible 
thought that raged through her brain out loud.  Images flashed in her head of 
the dead bodies of Tenchi, Aeka and the others that had become her friends.  Her 
dreams where coming true. 

"No, that would defeat my orders if she were dead.  She will have a headache 
when she comes around but she will be alive," Gyhard said.

Ryoko looked at Gyhard skeptically.  His eyes held no sympathy for his actions, 
though Ryoko doubted Gyhard even had a soul.  Ryoko studied his unsympathetic 
face.  He had a slight purplish spot from where she had hit him.  Ryoko smiled 
at that one small condolence.  She noticed Gyhard had not bound her in ropes or 
bothered with a force field.   Ryoko looked back at Washu.  Washu was neither in 
any kind of restraint.  

>She probably will be worse off than I am when she wakes up. She will be no 
threat to Gyhard until she regains her wits.  Gyhard is a fool to think that a 
couple of scrapes will prevent me from killing him.< Ryoko thought.

"Do you think I am so weak that I won't be a threat to you?"

"No, not at all my dear. I would never insult you by saying that you where no 
threat," Gyhard said amused.  "That is why you and Washu have a restraint device 
on your ankles."

Ryoko looked down at her ankle sure enough, a strange contraption had been 
snugly placed around it. 

>Baka,< she thought to herself. >I will have to wait until Washu wakes up to get 
this damn thing off.< Ryoko glanced back at her mother. >If she wakes up,< she 
thought.  

The gash on the back of Washu's head looked bad.  Gyhard must have hit her very 
hard to cause such damage. Ryoko knew some people never woke up from such a 
blow.

Gyhard watched Ryoko's face as she took the news of her capture.  He thought she 
would have tried to attack him but she did nothing.  He had to admit he felt a 
little disappointment at Ryoko's willingness to accept her capture.  He wanted 
to fight her again and get her blood boiling, but she did not give him that 
satisfaction.  He sighed a little in displeasure and turned to finish setting 
the coordinates to Tokimi's layer. 

Ryoko kept her eyes focussed on Washu.  She did not dare look at Gyhard again in 
fear of what she would do when she saw that smug grin on his lips. With the rage 
gathering under her skin, she could have easily ripped out his heart, but it 
would have been another futile attempt with the restraint on her ankle.  She 
heard Gyhard move away from her, returning to his chair.
 
Ryoko slowly moved over to Washu.  Ryoko carefully placed one of her hands on 
Washu's chest.  She could feel her faint breathing.  Ryoko felt relief flood 
her body at the knowledge that Washu was indeed alive. Washu's face scrunched 
into pain.  Ryoko laid her hand on Washu's shoulder in a rare moment of 
affection for her mother.  Washu seemed to be lost in the never-ending blackness 
of her pain and dreams. 

-----------------------------Washu's Memories Returning----------------------------

Washu stood bravely before the woman who held her dear son in her iron arms.  
Laughter filled the little boy's green eyes as he looked at his mother. He 
giggled and cooed at the toy Tokimi had given to him.  He took the toy, which 
had become covered in his saliva, out of his mouth.  He waved his little toy at 
his mother.  The wet substance that covered it flew onto Tokimi and Tsunami, who 
stood at Tokimi's side.  Tokimi did not flinch as some of the wet substance hit 
her in the face.  She calmly removed the toy from him and handed it to Tsunami.  
He stopped his happiness to ponder what had happened to his toy. The little 
boy's face turned to utter dislike when he could not find his toy. His face 
became wrinkled, as he screamed out his rage at having his toy taken from him.  
Washu stepped forward, her arms outreached in a maternal instinct to calm her 
child, to wipe away his blonde hair that had fallen over his face as his lungs 
bellowed his anger. Tsunami reached out to take the bellowing child from 
Tokimi's arms but Tokimi refused her. Tokimi's voice stopped both of her 
sisters. 

"Washu, he has to die," her voice was cold and absolute.  

Tsunami bowed her head to avoid the tears that she knew would be gathering in 
her sister's, Washu's, eyes.  She stood like a statue at her Sister Tokimi's 
side, enforcing the decision the two sisters had made.

>Tokimi is right dear sister,< Tsunami thought sadly, >He must parish.<

"NO!" Washu cried out in outraged despair.
  
"He threatens our existence," Tokimi said trying to reason with her sister, "You 
know that.  He is too young to know how to use the powers you have given him 
through his birth.  The consequences of him miss-using them is too great."

"We can teach him!" Washu pleaded over her son's screams. 

Tokimi shook her head. 

"Are you willing to risk everything we have created and all the souls that have 
been born under our hands for this child?" Tokimi said in disgust at her 
sister's selfish behavior.  "You knew the consequences of this and yet you had 
him.  You broke one of our laws and by our laws he must die." 

Tokimi did not understand all the fuss Washu was showing for the little baby.  
Every dimension they had created was like a child to Tokimi and she would not 
let one soul destroy all of them. 

"Tokimi LET HIM GO!!" Washu yelled.  

The little boy stopped his fussing when he heard his mother's loud voice. His 
green eyes looked at her, confused by her sudden anger. His big green eyes 
looked up at Tokimi searching her face, as he tried to understand what was going 
on. 

"He dies.  That is it."  A blue glow wrapped around the infant. The small boy 
giggled as the energy tickled him.

"TOKIMI STOP!" Washu was on the verge of begging on her life for her son. 
"Tsunami you stand there and do not do anything!  How can you let this happen?  
You create life! Are you going to stand and watch this one die?!" 

Tokimi paused her simple spell of death. 

She looked at Tsunami. Out of the three sisters, Tsunami valued the life of her 
creations more than the two of them.  She even gave her blood to a simple race 
of people called Juraians to help them survive. Jurai had been on the verge of 
extinction and Tsunami had not been able to see them die for the simple 
existence of living. She had poured her blood into the trees that grew around 
their small villages. Now the Juraians had become one of the most powerful 
rulers of that dimension, with their culture and advanced technology taking over 
any other race in their galaxy.
 
"Tsunami!"  Washu looked at her sister as her last resort. 

"He can't live," Tsunami's voice was so quiet, Washu barely heard the words, "By 
the laws that we agreed to live by, he must be completely destroyed." Tsunami 
looked up to see the despair and horror in Washu's eyes and face.  Tsunami's 
body screamed to stop the unjust action, but her mind refused to stop Tokimi.

>It is for the best,< Tsunami reasoned. Tsunami could not have her creations be 
harmed by the unpredictable whims of a child.

"You both bend the laws but you will not bend it for the life of my child," 
Washu could not contemplate the whole disaster that lay before her. She saw her 
child giggle and laugh as he became engulfed in a blue light so dense, that in a 
few short seconds he had disappeared into it.  She heard his giggle turn into a 
scared cry.  Washu's paralyzed body became alive as she ran towards her sister.  

Washu was too late. The blue light faded and only the air lay in Tokimi's arms.  
Washu collapsed to the floor at Tokimi's feet. She could form no words that 
would express the anguish that flooded her body. 
 
Tsunami bent down. She delicately rested her hand on Washu's shoulder. Tokimi's 
face was set in a stony expression, disgusted at all the time and energy wasted 
for the little baby. Tsunami wanted to whisper some reassurance to her sister, 
but before she was able to speak, Washu had fiercely shoved her away from her 
and lunged for Tokimi's midsection. Tsunami and Tokimi were both shocked and 
stunned by the outburst of violence from their sister. Neither sister had ever 
physically attacked or even argued at one another. It was beneath their being to 
have petty emotions rule their decisions. Tokimi and Tsunami did not know how to 
react to the physical assault. 

Washu had Tokimi pinned under her.  "I will destroy you," Washu breathed in 
vengeance. 

Tokimi's head was still foggy from the hit and fall.  She vaguely felt the 
energy gathering around her. Washu took all the energy and powers that she had 
learned to control, and formed a spell that would kill her sister.  Tokimi's 
senses where dazed, but she recognized the danger and started to form a spell of 
her own. Tsunami looked in horror at her two sisters. She recognized the spells 
they where forming.  

>They are going to kill each other,< the unbelievable thought repeated in her 
brain several time before her body responded. Tsunami scrambled to her feet. She 
needed to stop this before they killed each other.  Tsunami ran to Washu and 
pulled her off of Tokimi.  Both of her sisters where so involved in gathering 
and focussing their powers that the removing of Washu from Tokimi did nothing to 
stop the battle.  

Tsunami felt before she saw Washu releasing the spell she had created.  Tsunami 
threw herself in front of it. She used her power's to shield Washu and Tokimi 
from the repercussion of the spell.
 
 Tokimi released her spell and the overwhelming forces tore at Tsunami's body.  
She protected Washu and felt Tokimi slip from the protection of her spell. The 
dimension they had created started to crumble under the force. Tsunami felt her 
body being torn from her. Washu and Tokimi had collapsed from the exhaustion of 
their powers and could not help. Tsunami formed a spell to transport Washu and 
Tokimi out of the crumbling dimension.  Tsunami felt her body dying around her 
and formed a spell to protect herself from oblivion. Tsunami released the 
spells.  She felt herself leaving her body and felt Tokimi slip from her grasp 
and fall into blackness. 

She still had Washu. She transported herself and Washu out of the dimension.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Tsunami awoke in the protection of the people that she had once given her blood 
to live, the Juraians. Now they were the ones helping her live as she fell into 
an exhausted sleep in the protection of the Juraian trees.  

Tokimi was thrust into a blackness where she could not escape until her body and 
powers where healed. Tokimi fell into a sleep as her body recovered. 

Washu lay unconscious at the steps of the University where she had met the man 
that caused the birth of her son.  Washu could faintly hear a voice at the edge 
of her unconsciousness that urged her to awaken.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko stared down at her mother. She softly whispered to her to wake up.  
Washu's eyes opened. She took in the sight that leaned over her. The yellow cat-
like eyes staring down at her in worry and the light blue hair caressing her 
face. 

>My child,< the thought rang out through her. Her eyes rolled back into her head 
and fell back into unconsciousness. 

Ryoko shook Washu a little harder as she tried to get her to wake up. >Damn,< 
Ryoko thought. >Wake up!<

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tsunami looked through Sasami's eyes out into the blackness of space. Her body 
felt weak from casting the spell that released Washu's suppressed memories.  
Tsunami had taken the liberty of putting Washu's memories of her past into her 
subconsciousness after Ryoko was born. No mortal could know about the existence 
of the gods. Washu sacrificed her immortal existence and powers for her 
daughter, causing Washu to be sentenced to a mortal life. 
 
Tsunami sighed. >Tokimi has rushed the future and forced this time upon us.  
They are all too young and now they all will be thrust into a battle that they 
are unprepared for,< Tsunami's heart sadden at the destruction that she knew was 
taking place. >I will protect your daughter and you the best I can. I won't let 
Tokimi have Ryoko. I promise.<

Tsunami's thoughts flooded Sasami's mind. Sasami could see through Tsunami's 
eyes and saw the future and the present at the same time. Sasami feared the 
sights before her. Sasami saw Jurai under attack by Vree and his clan, and Jurai 
was slowly slipping into defeat. She saw Earth in shattered ruins with only 
scattered rocks floating where Earth once had been.  

>Tsunami!!< Sasami mentally cried. 

Tsunami's soul wrapped around the scared princess. 

>Don't worry Sasami,< Tsunami reassured her. >Everything will be all right.<

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Aeka had become exasperated calling for her sister. She had called Sasami's name 
three times and Sasami still stood staring out the window into space. She looked 
like a statue. Her body stood at the window but her mind and presence seemed to 
be far away. 
 
"Sasami?" Aeka quietly asked, touching the back of the young girl's shoulder.  

Sasami looked up at her sister in a daze.  

"Yes Aeka," Sasami said in a soft whisper. She sounded very tired. When Aeka saw 
how exhausted and drained Sasami looked she forgot her exasperation.

"Are you feeling well Sasami?" Aeka asked, concern for her sister flooding her 
voice. Sasami looked so much older and tired than her age.
 
>Is she upset about leaving Earth?< Aeka wondered. >Tenchi was
depressed over leaving too, but I thought she would be happy to see Jurai again.< 

Aeka understood the pain of leaving behind a homeland but now she was coming 
back. She could not contain the excitement of returning to Jurai. She had missed 
Jurai so much. She had found Tenchi in her adventure away from home. 
Tenchi had made her stay on Earth bearable, and she would have never left 
without him. Tenchi had come with her. So many days she had worried over his 
love for her, but he clearly showed it when he chose to come to Jurai with her. 

>I always knew that you loved me.<

"Aeka?" Sasami asked, pulling on Aeka's sleeve.
        
"I am sorry Sasami. I wanted to know......" 
        
The ship shook.  Alarms started to sound around them, cutting off her question.  
Aeka scanned and analyzed the situation in a matter of seconds.  

>The ship is not under attack, but what has caused the shake?< Aeka thought as 
she grabbed Sasami's hand and ran outside the room heading for the ship's deck.
 
"Aeka," Sasami said breathlessly, "I can't keep up. You are running too fast." 

Aeka ignored Sasami's plea and kept on running.

"Aeka please..." Sasami started to stumble behind Aeka, as her little legs tried 
to keep up with her sister.

Aeka's gripped tightened on her sister's hand so she would not fall.
        
"What is going on?"

"Sasami please be silent and focus on running," Aeka said through her breaths, 
"As soon as we get there we will find out."

Sasami was going to speak but caught herself as she stumbled, almost crashing 
into the floor.  Aeka quickly helped Sasami recover and proceeded to run. Sasami 
kept quite as she focused on running.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        
Aeka reached the deck with Sasami behind her.  Aeka's chest rose and fell as she 
tried to catch her breath.  The crew scrambled in a chaotic confusion as they 
tried to shut off the alarm.  Aeka stood in the middle of the confusion as she 
scanned the room for recognizable faces that could tell her the situation. Her 
eyes caught a figure standing a few feet away from the captain. His shoulders 
and back where ridged and tense. His body did not move as men brushed next to 
him as they tried to fulfill their tasks. Aeka slowly made her way to Tenchi 
dragging Sasami by the hand.  
        
Tenchi did not notice Aeka coming to his side.

"What has happened?" Aeka asked him.
        
Tenchi turned to the sound of Aeka's voice. Aeka was taken aback by the cold 
antipathetic gaze of his eyes, but the look disappeared as fast as it had come.  

Tenchi did not answer but another crewmember, who overheard Aeka's question, 
responded.

"A shock wave from an exploding star, we think, hit us. The galaxy police 
officer's ship that was going to escort us hit the other ship, causing the 
second ship to become unable to operate their flight program."

"Has there been any fatalities?" Aeka asked worriedly.  
        
"No. A few minor injuries.  We should be able to complete the trip to Jurai on 
schedule."

"What about the other ships?" Sasami asked.

"The galaxy police will send escorts and a maintenance crew to help with the 
damages," the man answered reassuringly to the little princess. Sasami smiled 
and nodded her head in approval. 

"Have you found out what caused the shock wave," Tenchi said more harshly than 
the young officer deserved. Aeka looked up at Tenchi in shock by the tone of his 
voice. Aeka could not recall when Tenchi had ever been so angry and stressed. 

>What is wrong with him?< Aeka wondered.

"N..nnno," the young man stammered.

The ship's screen came online and a blonde, female galaxy police officer, who 
was trying her best to stop the fire and alarms that sounded on her ship, 
appeared.

"Ohhh now where could it be?" Mihoshi wondered fanatically as she searched the 
control panel of her ship.
        
Aeka, Sasami and Tenchi's attention was diverted from the young man as they 
stared in shock at the woman on the screen.
        
"I should have guessed," Aeka mumbled as she watched Mihoshi. "Do you think she 
will find the fire extinguisher button before her ship goes up in flames?" 

Tenchi gave her a helpless look.
        
"AHHH!!! There it is!" Mihoshi said excitedly as she pushed a button.  Water 
stared to sprinkle down, putting out the fire.  

"I am wet," Mihoshi wailed as she started to cry.

Aeka turned to the man who had helped them. "Can you transport Latent Mihoshi to 
this ship?"

"Yes mam." He bowed and went to complete his task.

Mihoshi appeared on the deck, soaking wet. She mumbled her displeasure, as she 
started to remove some of her wet clothing. Quite few of the men had forgotten 
about their tasks and had fully diverted their attention to Mihoshi. Aeka 
reached Mihoshi before she could make a complete fool out of herself. Mihoshi 
gave Aeka a hug, happy to see her.  Aeka sighed when Mihoshi pulled away leaving 
Aeka wet. Sasami came and greeted Mihoshi.

Tenchi only half watched the scene with Mihoshi. He frowned at the sight of 
Mihoshi.  

>No one is on Earth except Washu,< 

Even the knowledge of Washu being the most genius scientist in the galaxy did 
not settle his nerves that something had happened. Tenchi had an errie wicked 
feeling of dread in the pit of his stomach, minutes before the shock wave had 
struck the ships. The feeling had not gone away. He searched his mind to 
logically remove the feeling, but he could not, and with each passing moment, 
the feeling became stronger.
  
An older man's voice silenced the entire deck.  He proceeded to read his report 
on the origin of the shock wave.
 
Tenchi felt as if his legs would buckle under him.  His chest became so tight 
that it cut off all his air. He barely noticed it, as he seemed to look on the 
world from an astral body. He watched his body react to the news. The eyes of 
all the crew focused on him. He saw the horror and disbelief in Aeka and 
Sasami's eyes. Aeka's eyes did not blink. Shock radiated from her. Her body 
stood stunned, unknowing what to do or what to say. Mihoshi's face became lost 
in trying to understand the news.

"Thank you," the sterile voice of Akymi, the ship's captain, said "Proceed with 
our orders.  Emperor Asuza is waiting."

All of Tenchi reserves and training left his body as he harshly walked over to 
Akymi. Definite anger boiled under his skin. The crew watched unmoving as Tenchi 
reached Akymi, who watched Tenchi approach with no fear or apprehension. The 
impact of Tenchi's fist caused Akymi to be thrown from his chair. The unexpected 
physical anger from the reserved boy caught Akymi off-guard. Before he could get 
up, Tenchi had him by the collar and slammed him against the ship's tree.  
Amyki's head hit the hard bark of the tree and bounced forward on impact.  
        
"You knew," Tenchi said through clenched teeth.
        
It took a minute for Akymi to respond to Tenchi's accusation. 
        
"It was likely that Vree would have destroyed Earth with you there or not," 
Akymi said coolly, "It is our duty to return the royal family to Jurai.  I could 
not have left you there and risked Vree capturing you."

"You lied!" Tenchi voice cried out in an anguished helplessness, "You said that 
Earth would be unharmed!"
        
"Would you have come so easily if I told you differently?"
        
"I would have stayed!!!" The faces of his friends, family, father and the 
innocent souls that he never knew flashed through his mind and made his voice 
crack and arms weak. Tenchi wanted to kill the man who had caused him this 
sorrow.  
 
A commanding voice echoed through the ship silencing Tenchi's attack. "Release 
him Tenchi," the harshness in Yosho's voice caused Tenchi to freeze and release 
Akymi. Tenchi avoided his grandfather's glare. Tenchi knew it would be 
disapproving but he did not care. Akymi had destroyed his life.
        
"I am displease with your handling of this tragedy," Yosho said sternly, " If 
you are ever going to be strong and handle the battles ahead of you, you can not 
let your emotions rule your actions."
        
>How can he have so little compassion?< Tenchi asked himself in anger.  
        
Yosho stood with Lady Funaho at his side.  Everyone stood shocked by the sight 
of their queen and quickly bowed.  
        
Yosho had heard the whole situation from Funaho, from Vree attacking Jurai to 
earth being destroyed.  Yosho hid his grief.  

>This is not the time nor the place to grieve over lost ones. This is the time 
to fight and think clearly. Not the time to let emotions rule our decisions,< 
Yosho thought.
        
Tenchi gave his grandfather a harsh defying look. Tenchi had never spoken up to 
his grandfather and he always tried to understand his grandfather's thoughts 
behind his actions, but this time Tenchi could not. He only saw the disaster 
that faced him. Tenchi did not say anything and angrily left the deck. Aeka 
tried to go after him but Yosho prevented her from going.

"He needs time to think Aeka," Yosho said softly.
        
Aeka nodded as her eyes watched Tenchi disappear off the deck.
        
Mihoshi tapped Aeka on the shoulder.  
        
"I don't understand what is going on?" Mihoshi said bewildered, "Why is everyone 
acting so weird?"
        
Aeka sighed wearily.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Washu awoke.  Her head felt as if it had been hit with a sledgehammer. She 
slowly got up, making the room spin. She grabbed onto into the air to steady 
herself. Ryoko lent her arm to help Washu up. Washu swayed a bit, but the room 
had stopped spinning.
 
"I am fine," Washu said to Ryoko.
        
Ryoko gave her a skeptical look and kept holding Washu's arm.  Washu accepted 
the support without any argument.  
        
"Can I thank Gyhard for this wondrous bump?"
        
"I will thank him for you as soon as I get this off my ankle." Ryoko said 
looking at the contraption on her ankle.

"Hmmm," Washu contemplated as she studied the contraption, "Very clever."
        
"How do I get it off?"
        
"You don't." Washu smiled. "The unlocking mechanism requires Gyhard's 
fingerprint."
        
"Do something."
        
Washu sat back down, crossed her legs, shut her eyes and proceeded to meditate.
        
"How is that going to help?" Ryoko cried in exasperation.
        
"Not so loud my dear," Washu put her hand on her forehead as if her head would 
fall off. "Ryoko sit down and relax we should be there soon." 
        
"What are you talking about? Where are we "going to be?"
         
"You will see soon enough Ryoko." Washu gave Ryoko a smile. "Am I right Gyhard?"
        
Gyhard had been listing to their conversation as he worked.  
        
"Yes," Gyhard responded automatically.
        
"See? We might as well sit down and enjoy the ride."
        
Ryoko could not believe Washu.  She looked at Washu stunned.  

>He must have hit her harder than I thought,< Ryoko reasoned. Ryoko did not sit 
down but proceeded to pace in front of Washu.

"I would take Washu's advice," Gyhard said from his chair. "You are going to 
need all your strength."
        
"Shut up."
        
Gyhard just laughed. Ryoko walked over to Gyhard prepared to give him a good 
amount of the names and phrases she had thought up, but the image on the screen 
took her breath away.
        
"Magnificent," Gyhard said in response to Ryoko's reaction, "Isn't it?"
        
"Impossible," Ryoko breathed.

He chuckled at her reply. "It is kitten, but I learned long ago that everything 
is probable."

Ryoko took her gaze off the stunning unbelievable structure and looked over to 
her mother.  Washu did not open her eyes from her meditation.  
        
"It is beautiful.  The impossible architectural design, the river that flows 
with no ending and no beginning, animals that have never been seen by the eyes 
of any mortal, structures made out material that can't be analyzed, and beings 
that should be non existent, this is Tokimi's dimension." 
        
Ryoko looked in astonished shock at Washu, as she described the images that 
where coming closer, as the ship descended into the structure, without ever 
opening her eyes.  Gyhard did not hide his astonishment either.
        
"Hhhoww?? Whooo?" Ryoko mumbled to Washu.
        
"Lady Tokimi," Washu replied, as she opened her eyes.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lady Tokimi and D3 watched the ship. Lady Tokimi felt Washu's presence as the 
ship came closer, but another very powerful presence was with her. Tokimi's mind 
sorted through the possibilities of the other being with Washu. Tsunami was with 
Tenchi and Washu was on the ship. 

The ship landed. 
        
D3 jumped when Tokimi gasped.  Washu's and Tsunami's presence on Earth suddenly 
became clear.
        
"Washu," Tokimi's voice was full of aggravated anger.
        
D3 sensed the other being.
        
"It breaks all the laws!" D3 said in shock, "It is an impossibility!"
        
"No my dear D3 it is not. My sister has always believed in breaking the 
structure of our existence. She has done it again and this time with the help of 
Tsunami!" 

Without letting D3 continue, she ordered him to fetch Gyhard, Washu and the 
other being. D3 nodded and silently went to his task knowing an explanation 
would come soon enough.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Gyhard had started to open the bulkhead, when he felt a rush of energy 
sweep through his body.  He became translucent in a matter of seconds and 
disappeared. He yelped in shock.
 
Ryoko however, had known the sensation all her life. 

>Teleportation,< she thought instantly, >Where though?< 

She did not get to completing her thought, as she remateralized on a floating 
sphere. The construction of the place was unfeasible, yet it stood before Ryoko. 
        
"This is your doing!!" Ryoko said accusing Washu. "This is one of your defective 
experiments!!" 
        
"I am the GREATEST SCIENTIST in the universe," Washu reminded Ryoko, "None of 
my inventions backfire."
        
"How do you explain this?!" Ryoko yelled in disbelief of her surroundings.  

Gyhard loved to watch Ryoko frustrated.  
        
Ryoko was going to yell at Washu again but Gyhard cut her off.  
        
"Be quiet!" Gyhard commanded, "This idiotic bickering will end now."
        
>They both know something and they are going to let me walk into it clueless!< 
Ryoko thoughts screamed. >Damn you Washu. You are going to let me walk into this 
without knowing the danger,< Ryoko's angry gaze turned to Gyhard's back. He 
stood memorized by the beautiful surroundings. >It would be too easy to push him 
off this floating ball.<  A smile came to Ryoko's lips. Ryoko pushed Gyhard with 
all her strength.  He stumbled from the impact that hit his back, and lost his 
balance.  He came crashing down on the side of the sphere. Gyhard did not fall 
into the river that followed beneath the sphere, but lay on the side of the 
sphere, looking down at it.
        
Washu snickered and the scene. 
        
A small cry of disappointment escaped Ryoko. 

"I knew that would be too easy," she mumbled, which caused Washu to break out in 
laughter.  
        
Gyhard did not move from his position. Ryoko giggled, mingled with Washu's 
laughter at Gyhard's predicament. 
>I should be falling,< Gyhard thought from his astonishing position.
        
"You're not going to fall, you fool." Ryoko demonstrated by walking onto the 
side of the sphere, keeping her distance from Gyhard.
        
"Ryoko is correct," Washu said eliminating her laughter, "A gravity field 
surrounding the sphere prevents you from falling or leaving."
        
Gyhard slowly started to crawl to the top of the sphere.  Ryoko had broken out 
in an uncontrollable fit of laughter at the sight of Gyhard.  Gyhard's fear 
suppressed his humiliation and anger that he felt as he climbed. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        
D3 watched the scene from inside the counsel-doors.  Tokimi watched from her 
throne.

>Washu has done it again and Tsunami helped her,< Tokimi repeated in her mind, 
growing more and more angry by the minute.>-How could they both betray me?!<

"So that is what they have been hiding," D3 said in reference to the image of 
Ryoko, "What are you going to do about it?"
        
"Exactly what I did last time," Tokimi said coldly.  Tokimi and the throne room 
disappeared, but D3 could still hear her voice.
        
"Dispose of the pirate, then I will have my conversation with my sister."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        
"WASHU!" A voice sounded through the structure.
        
Ryoko's laughter immediately stopped.  A shiver went up her spine.  

>The voice from my dream.< She felt her body again being transported. Ryoko 
struggled against it, wanting to run away from the voice.  
        
They where transported from the sphere to a large room. Shadows of various 
beings lined the walls of the room. An empty blackness surrounded the hovering 
platform that they stood on.  A hall that led to the doors of the room ended at 
the foot of the blackness. The space between the platform and the hall was too 
great to jump or escape. 

"Why did you bring us here?!" Ryoko harshly yelled at Gyhard.
        
>I can't escape,< Ryoko felt sick being trapped. It was like being in the cave, 
but Tenchi was not going to free her this time.  He did not know where she was.  
He was with Aeka. 

>He made his choice. I don't care what happens.< Even as she told herself, she 
could not bring herself to believe it. >I won't die here.< Ryoko reassured 
herself. Ryoko knew she would not die physically, but she did not want her soul 
to die, trapped in a body she could not control. The voice made her fear 
greater.

"Tokimi requested to see you, Washu," the voice was old and wise, almost 
soothing. 

D3 materialize before them.
        

"It is a head!" Ryoko said before she could stop herself.
        
Washu smiled at Ryoko's remark.  Gyhard did not find it funny and glared at her. 

>She does not bow down in fear, yet laughs at such power. She must be a demon 
that came from the hells of men's fears and humiliations to taught our existence 
in this universe.< Gyhard thought angrily >I will not let you.<

"I have complete my half of the deal," Gyhard said firmly, "I want my payment."
        
"You have done well Gyhard.  I underestimated your capabilities," D3 said, as a 
flash of light went through Gyhard's head, causing him to collapse to the 
ground, "But you should never have underestimated mine."

The ankle restraints fell off Ryoko and Washu.  Ryoko felt no sympathy for the 
body of Gyhard.  
        
"Did you kill him?" Washu asked, as she went over to the fallen pirate. D3 did 
not speak. 

"Sooo, that is how Dr. Clay and all the data files got erased," Washu pondered. 
        
"He is not dead!!" Ryoko half yelled.
        
"No." Washu got up from looking Gyhard over.  Gyhard's body disappeared from the 
platform. 
        
Ryoko did not like the events that where taking place. "Where did he go?"
        
D3 still did not speak.
        
"Where did he go you overgrown..." Ryoko's tirade was ended by Tokimi's voice.
        
"It has been a long time, Washu," Tokimi said.
        
A throne room appeared before Washu and Ryoko.  The throne room connected to the 
platform. Tokimi's translucent body sat in a chair overlooking the entire room.  
D3 stood at the steps leading to the throne. 
 
Tokimi's voice made Ryoko freeze.  Her skin turn cold and her muscles tensed. 

>The voice that haunted me in my dreams,< Ryoko thought in a building 
uneasiness. 
 
Washu understood Ryoko's fear and apprehension. She took Ryoko's hand and gave 
it a squeeze for reassurance.  Ryoko quickly pulled her hand away.
        
"Your daughter defies your affections," Tokimi noted.
        
"She has her own free will that gets her into more trouble than she needs," 
Washu replied, "She is free to make her own choices and she learns from them." 
        
"You have not learned from yours Washu."
        
"I have learned a lot of things that you can and will never understand," Washu 
said with a tone of sorrow in her voice.
        
"I understand that you will lie and deceive and manipulate which will cause our 
destruction."
        
Ryoko stood confused.  The conversation made no sense. >What are they talking 
about?<
        
"I am trying to let our ways grow and change for a better existence," Washu 
tried to explain.
        
"Your daughter has destroyed our creations with her power," Tokimi accused, "I 
know that you tried to have Tsunami cover up her actions but the past tells the 
truth.  I am surprised that she did not destroy the entire dimension."
        
"She did not, because she would not allow it.  She learned to fight the opposing 
powers within herself."
        
"Her lessons cost many unnecessary lives.  I am still in shock that Tsunami had 
a hand in it, knowing how much she values her Juraian creations."
        
>They are talking as if I did not exist,< Ryoko thought in confusion. >Why are 
they talking about me? It was Washu whom she wanted.<

"Tsunami knew of the good it would bring." Washu tried to defend her position to 
Tokimi, but Tokimi did not listen. 
        
"Your first child's death was no enough for you?" Tokimi asked coldly.
        
"I am not going to have you kill her," Washu said absolutely. 
        
"What?!" Ryoko said in an outburst. "What is going on? Tell me!!!!" Ryoko 
screamed at Washu.
        
"She does not know of her heritage?" Tokimi said skeptically.
        
"It was not her time to know yet you rushed the future and forced the subject."
        
"WHAT HERITAGE!" Ryoko yelled in exasperation. "I don't get it?!" 
        
"You are not supposed to exist," Tokimi said coldly, "Your blood is that of an 
immortal and your powers are of the three Goddesses. By the laws that we live by 
you will be destroyed."

Ryoko looked from Tokimi to Washu in disbelief. >This can't be real,< Ryoko 
deducted.

"The game is finished Washu.  Release me from what ever machine that you are 
using to create this illusion," Ryoko told Washu.  Ryoko was proud of herself 
for figuring out Washu's game.  

>When I get out of the machine she put me in, I am going to kill her!<
        
Washu looked at Ryoko sadly.  "I might have been wrong in my decision to bring 
you life Ryoko.  I am sorry for the pain I have caused you because of it. I 
always wanted a child. My creations lived blissful lives and I wanted a part of 
it. I wanted to share it with someone. Someone that would experience a life I 
never could truly live. I might have been wrong now," as Washu spoke, her 
childlike body disappeared to that of a grown woman. "I have caused you more 
pain than you have ever deserved."

"Am I one of your defective experiments!" Ryoko yelled at Washu, "Now you want 
to kill me because I have not lived up to your grand expectations!"  
        
"I know you can bring a different view of life and order to our existence." 
Tokimi did not interject thinking that Washu had finally come to her senses.  "I 
think it was a selfish goal for myself. I apologize for the life that I have 
forced upon you.  I do love you very much Ryoko."

"I don't understand any of this!" Ryoko screamed in confusion. "One minute you 
are planning to kill me, the next you are telling me you are sorry for my 
childhood! I want out of this contraption and experiment you have me in! NOW!"
        
"I can't," Washu voice saddened. 
        
"Are you done with your farewell sister?" Tokimi said in exasperation. "You and 
Tsunami have neglected your duties long enough."

"I refuse to let you kill her," Washu said.
        
"She has too die," Tokimi replied, "You know that."
        
Washu shook her head. "When you destroyed my son I made sure that you could 
never destroy another one of my children." 

>That is what happened to her son,< Ryoko thought, >This woman who I have dreamt 
of killed him.  She truly must be a monster.<

"What do you mean?" Tokimi asked, "She is of mortal blood."
        
Washu shook her head. 
        
>N0!< Tokimi's thoughts screamed. Even D3 heard her disapproval. 
        
"That is impossible!" Tokimi cried.
        
"I have given her my ability as well as my power," Washu said seriously, "I have 
become a mortal.  I have taken on one of the most greatest challenges.. to live 
and die as a mortal."

"It can't happen!"
        
"I am the most brilliant scientist in the galaxy!!  I can do anything.  It was a 
fantastic challenge and it worked!!"
        
Tokimi sat on her throne silent.  No sound. No movement. No breaths. The 
extravagance of the situation rendered everyone speechless. 
        
"Your daughter will take over your duties," Tokimi spoke in one tone, "I will 
take her and teach her our ways."
        
"No," Washu objected, "I will teach her. She is my daughter."
        
"You are in no position in protest.  You gave her up when you had her."
        
"This is crazy! I am not going anywhere but back to Earth," Ryoko said backing 
up to the end of the platform.
        
"You do not have a choice." 
        
"I am not going," Ryoko screamed.
        
Tokimi did not listen to her plea. Tokimi formed a spell that would engulf 
Ryoko's mind and body.  "I will not let you be free to harm people. You will 
learn our ways and you will become strong to handle the demands of your 
dimensions." 
        
"NO!" Ryoko screamed, as she felt the energy wrap around her. She sank to her 
knees.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi sat with his back against the wall of the ship.  He held Tenchiken in his 
hand.  He guided his hand over the smooth carving and over each red gem that the 
sword held. 

>Ryoko ... Washu ... Father ...< His mind echoed their names. >They are all 
gone. How can it be? I should have stayed. I knew I should have stayed. Why did 
I go?< Questions of despair consumed his grief stricken thoughts.      

>Ryoko gave her gems to protect me and I could not even protect her. I failed 
without even knowing,< Tenchi fist tightened around the sword hilt.  He knuckles 
became white under the pressure of his fist.

A brilliant light inundated his eyes and body. Her scream of denial rang out 
through his head. Spasms of pain washed over his body. Tenchi held his knees 
tighter to him. Sweat dropped from his forehead as he tried to control the agony 
that consumed him. He heard her voice through the hazy fog of his own pain. 
 
>NOOOOO!< Ryoko's voice screamed.
        
The pain stopped as sudden as it came. Tenchi's body shook from the experience.  
His eyes where focused on Tenchiken.  
        
"Ryoko." Her name came out in a ragged breath.  The gems glowed under his hand.
        "
Tenchi!" Aeka cried in worry as she ran over to him.  Mihoshi followed close 
behind.
        
"Tenchi! Tenchi!" Aeka cried in concern.  Aeka knelt next to Tenchi.
        
>Ryoko<

>Ryoko<

>Ryoko<

Tenchi's eyes where focused on Tenchiken and the glowing gems. 

>Ryoko, come back.< Tenchi called in his mind, but her presence which consumed 
him was gone. >I felt her pain and thoughts.<
        
"Tenchi are you alright?" Mihoshi asked waving her hand in front of his face.  
        
"Tenchi.." Aeka begun.
        
"She is alive." Tenchi said absolutely.
        
"Who?" Mihoshi asked.
        
"Ryoko."
        
Aeka sighed. 
        
"She is?!" Mihoshi said in excitement, "Really?!"
        
"Ryoko and the others were destroyed when Earth.." Aeka said.
        
"She is not dead Aeka," Tenchi said forcefully.
        
"Tenchi, non of the scans reported any life forms after the explosion," Aeka 
tried to explain.  

        
"I am going to her."
        
"Tenchi, she is dead!" Aeka said in exasperation. 

>Why is he making this up?<  

"She died with all the others." 

>Tenchi, I loved Earth like a second home.  We can't go back and change what has 
happened.<

"No! I felt her.  She is in great pain.  I must go to her."
        
Aeka looked at Tenchi forcefully. >Tenchi why make this harder than it is?< 

"Listen to me. Ryoko is dead."
        
"Let go of me Aeka," Tenchi ordered as he got up, "I am going to her."
        
"Where is she then?!" Aeka demanded trying to get Tenchi to think rationally. 
        
Tenchi turned his head away from Aeka.
        
"I don't kn..."
        
"She is with Tokimi," Lady Tsunami spoke from across the room.
        
"Tsunami!" Aeka said in shock. 
        
"HI!" Mihoshi cried in glee, "I am so glad to see you again!"   
        
"What have you done with Sasami?" Aeka demanded without a thought.
        
"I will take you to Tokimi's lair," Tsunami said, ignoring Aeka's question.
        
"Thank you," Tenchi said. 
        
"May I come," Mihoshi said happily.
        
"Tenchi is not going anywhere," Aeka said, "I want you to bring back Sasami, 
Tsunami."  Aeka stood between Tsunami and Tenchi.
        
"Aeka, I am Sasami. She and I are one," Tsunami explained, "Tenchi must go to 
Ryoko, she needs him.  This is not a decision for you to make."
        
"Aeka," Tenchi said calmly, "I have to go to Ryoko. She is in pain.  Will you 
help?"  He smiled at Aeka. 
 
"I will help!" Mihoshi yelled.
        
"That demon better be alive," Aeka sighed, "I will come."
        
Tsunami smiled.
        
"Let's go," Tenchi said urgently. 
        
Tsunami began the spell for teleportation. Tenchi, Aeka and Mihoshi waited 
patiently.  Tenchi felt a tingling in his body as it left the confines of the 
ship.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

All four materialized in a gigantic hall. Tenchi and the others gazed around the 
room in amazement. Tenchi and Aeka's clothing had been converted into their 
Juraian battle armor.  Mihoshi had transformed her cloths in her battle suit.  
She had her gun drawn and ready. Aeka stood tense in fear at the impossibilities 
of the place. Tsunami stood unaffected by the surroundings.  She had seen this 
room countless of times.

"This is impossible," Aeka said.

"WoW, this is amazing," Mihoshi spoke in excitement.

>The transfer into Sasami weakened me more than I expected. I will not be able 
to help much.< Tsunami felt both her sisters presence in the room.

"Where is Ryoko?" Tenchi said taking his eyes away from the spooky shadows on 
the wall. 
        
"Tokimi!!! Don't do this!" Washu screamed.
        
Tenchi swiftly turned around to see Ryoko and Washu on a platform hovering in a 
pit of blackness.  Ryoko was kneeling on the floor and Washu stood next to her.  
A beautiful woman sat in a chair at the end of the hall.  Her face was set in 
stone. Tenchi caught her gaze as she looked up to see the new visitors. Tenchi 
froze. Aeka and Mihoshi turned toward the sound of Ryoko's scream and both stood 
speechless at the sight.
  
>Her guardian,< D3 told Tokimi through his thoughts >I told you he would come 
for her.<
        
>Kill him,< Tokimi said absolutely.
        
D3 bowed and transported himself to the other end of the hall.

Ryoko held her head in pain as Tokimi invaded her thoughts.  Her body trembled.  
Tokimi broke through Ryoko's suppressed thoughts and started to take over her 
body. 

Ryoko's body jerked back and her scream rocked through the hall.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted and started to run to her.  Aeka and Mihoshi followed 
him.  

D3 materialized in Tenchi's path.  Aeka and Mihoshi came to an abrupt stop next 
to him.  

"The second guardian," D3 said as he formed an energy sphere.

"I order you to let us pass under the code of the Galaxy Police," Mihoshi spoke 
raising her gun. 

>Foolish mortals,< D3 thought as her released the energy sphere. Tenchi pushed 
Mihoshi away from the blast. Aeka attacked with her energy sword. 

"What?!" Aeka said in shock, as her sword did not affect D3.

D3 easily pushed her away.  Aeka flew back and hit the wall.  Her body slid down 
to the ground.

"Aeka!!!" Tenchi screamed as he got up from Mihoshi. 

Aeka weakly got up from the rubble. 

Mihoshi fired her gun at D3. "I order you to stop in the name of the Galaxy 
Police under section code 243." The blast bounced off of D3.

"How do you expect to kill the one that helped create you?" D3 said, as he sent 
another energy blast to Mihoshi, which missed her miraculously. 

"AHHHH!" she yelled as she looked at the hole next to her.

Tenchi using Tenchiken attacked D3.  

"Are you really the second guardian?" he asked in amusement at Tenchi's attempt.  
D3 blocked all of Tenchi's blows.  The sword had no effect.  D3 studied Tenchi's 
movements as he attacked. 

>Doesn't he know he can't kill me with that instrument?< 

Tenchi kept D3 busy as Aeka came from the side with another attack.  Her sword 
punctured through D3's arm.  

"ARGH!" he yelled, creating a wave of energy that threw Tenchi and Aeka from 
him. 

He looked at his arm.  >I forgot about that blood Tsunami gave the Juraians:<

Tenchi got up from the ground tasting blood in his mouth. A long scrape ran down 
the side of his arm.  >He is powerful.<  He began to get up to fight him again, 
when he felt Ryoko presence overcome him.

>I can't stop this!!!< She screamed.  Tenchi felt the agony of her soul being 
ripped from her body's control and thrust into darkness. 

"RYOKO!!" Tenchi bellowed. 

>I am sorry Tenchi I am not strong enough,< Ryoko voice carried softly in his brain.

Ryoko's body started to tremor.  Tokimi's control started to take hold over her 
thoughts. 
 
"Ryoko!" -Ryoko- Tenchi screamed to get her attention.  Her presence left him.  
Tenchi stared as if in a trance at Ryoko's body on the platform ahead of him.  
Her body became limp. Washu knelt at her side shaking her. Ryoko did not 
respond.
  
Tokimi looked up at D3 and spoke to him through her mind.
        
>Stop playing with the boy and kill him.<
        
>Tokimi he does not even know why he fights, yet he fights me with a passion I 
have not seen.<

>I want him dead.<

>Yes Lady Tokimi but he won't let you have her.<
        
>I don't want his interference!<

>I told you he would come for her.<
        
>Kill him!< Tokimi ended the conversation.
 
D3 sighed and nodded.

Aeka recovered herself again.  Blood ran down the gash on the side of her head. 
Mihoshi ran to her.
        
"You're hurt," Mihoshi said concerned, as tears gathered in her eyes, "What do 
we do? He won't listen to meee."
        
Aeka steadied herself on Mihoshi's arm.  Her vision was blurred.  She felt her 
stomach turn in nausea.  
        
"Where is your cube?" Aeka said weakly.
        
Mihoshi handed Aeka her control cube.  
        
>How did Washu work this?< Aeka thought, as she focused her sight on the little 
cube.

"What are you going to do?"
        
"I am going to set up a force field around him." Aeka looked anxiously up at D3 
as he posed himself, waiting for them to attack.  

>I hope he stays that way for a short while longer,< Aeka quickly configured the 
cube.  

"Where did he go?" Mihoshi asked.
        
"Huh?!" Aeka asked as she looked up to the spot where D3 had once stood. 
        
"Where did he go?!" Aeka said. Aeka looked around the vast hall and saw Tenchi 
running toward the black expanse.  D3 formed before him holding a glowing orb 
inhis hand. The energy exploded from D3 hand.  A bright light overwhelmed Tenchi 
and D3. Aeka could not call out Tenchi's name in time. 

When Aeka's eyes adjusted back to normal. She saw Tsunami bent over on the 
floor. Her head hung down and her back moved in the rhythm of her harsh 
breathing. Tenchi was nowhere to be seen. He had disappeared from the dimension.  
Aeka's heart stopped at the sight of her sister. Tsunami had stopped the energy blast from 
hitting Tenchi.
        
"Sasami!!" Aeka cried as she dropped the cube and ran to her sister. 
        
D3 looked down at Tsunami stunned. 
        
"Lady Tsunami," D3 stammered. 
        
"Tsunami!!!" Tokimi's voice rang out in furry. 
        
"I can't let you take Ryoko," Tsunami said raggedly. >Tenchi protect Ryoko<
        
Aeka reached Tsunami. 
        
"Tsunami are you alright," Aeka asked with worry.  
        
Tsunami's pink eyes looked at her with the love that only Sasami could have.  "I 
am fi.." Tsunami collapsed. 
        
"Sasami!"
`
        Enraged by the condition of her sister, Aeka formed her sword.  She 
unthinkingly lunged into an attack at D3.  In a reflexive response, D3 formed 
his sword.  His sword cleanly sliced through Aeka's midsection, as he moved away 
from her blow. Aeka body hit the floor with a thud.  Red blood pooled around her 
body. Her eyes where wide in shock as her life drained from her.  D3 did not 
bother to look at the foolish princess. Mihoshi did not move.  Her body froze at 
the sight of Aeka.  The cube rolled out of her hands and bounced off the floor 
freezing Mihoshi in a force field. 
         
D3 unsympathetically walked away from Aeka's bloody body to return to Tokimi's 
side.  

>Mortals.< D3 thought disgusted.
        
"You fool Tsunami," Tokimi stated.  Tokimi stared angrily at the empty space on the 
platform.  >That boy has taken her< 
        
"You can't destroy her without ruining the balance of our dimensions," Washu 
spoke coldly to Tokimi. Washu did not turn to see the sight of Aeka. She could not force 
herself to look at the dying princess that had become like a daughter to her.
        
"Our creations will suffer under her unknowing hand," Tokimi said, "I will not 
let that happen."
        
"Will you kill Ryoko and risk all what we have built to collapse around us?" 
Washu said doubtfully.
 
Tokimi did not answer Washu but stared at the empty space next to her.

Washu's heart tightened in her chest. >You will kill Ryoko and destroy 
everything,< the knowledge of Tokimi's intent made her sick. >Ryoko, be strong 
enough to defend yourself against her.<

>Damn Tsunami for interfering,< Tokimi stared at the empty space on the 
platform. 
        
>I told you the boy would let anything happen to her,< D3 said.
        
>Argh!< Tokimi thought in exasperation.
        
>Do you know where they have gone?< D3 asked.

>I feel the girl's presence far away from us in another dimension,< Tokimi 
replied. >Damn that boy!<

D3 nodded... 

************************************************************************

Okay that is the end of chapter 5 ^^;; I am going to try to get chapter six,
the conclusion, out to you sooner.  Please e-mail me what you think.  I am
always interested. Thank you very much. ^_^

