Ryoko's Son
By: Chibi_Kanji (duh)
Disclaimer: Uh, (rustling paper) Oh yeah... Hummhemmm. I do not own any 
of the Tenchi charachters. Do not roon, hemm I mean ruin me, and strip 
me of everything but my soul. I would not like that...


Chapter 4
Invading Jurai

	The spacestation floated silently towards Jurai airspace, everyone 
including the new member Asteron had prepared. Kanji now wore a tight 
black and green jumpsuit, and had the Jurain battlemarks on his face 
(The ones Tenchi gets when he turns Light Hawk.) His muscles primed and 
ready to go.

	Tenchi, had learned to control his Light Hawk Wings and was 
practicing some defensive moves with the shield. He wore the white 
battle clothes that appeared with the wings, and his hair was longer. It 
went into a braid that travelled to his middle back. Asteron the Jurain 
outlaw, had recharged his Jurain sword. He now wore a completly black 
jumpsuit that showed his ripped muscles. His scar was painted red to 
make it look fresh.

	Ayeka wore Ryoko's battle dress as much as she hated it. But she 
did convince Washu to make it Blue and Purple. Ayeka tied her pony tails 
into one large one with an equelly as long red sash. She carried a 
duplicate Jurain sword that Washu had made. Mihoshi and Kiyone were 
dressed in uniform again, but now they carried their largest rifles. 
Sasami was at the controls of the ship with Washu, watching the shields 
and lasers.

	"Ok Kiyone, heres the plan..." Kanji said kneeling down to a paper 
that had their evasive strategy. "First we fly out in your ship with 
Jinohki at the ready, when they get our sheilds down to 20% we transform 
Jinohki into ship form. Tenchi, I need you to concentrate the shield on 
the ship. And Asteron you watch our back on the moniter. I'll fly. And 
Kiyone and Mihoshi will man the weapons. Ayeka you are the most 
inportant, you must navigate us through the strongest part of the 
airspace."

	Everyone nodded at the plan and dispersed from their circle and 
traveled to Washu and Sasami who were sitting in chairs typing 
furiously. Washu turned to Kanji and the group, still typing.

	"You guys better get on the ship, we enter airspace in two 
minutes." Washu said typing faster than before.

	"Ok Washu..." Kiyone said, motioning the group to follow.

	Kanji stopped infront of Sasami she looked up and smirked. Then 
without words they had locked in a kiss. Washu got a suprised look and 
quickly turned back to the computer. Kanji unlocked to hear Sasami say.

	"Kanji?" 

	"Ya?" Kanji looked straight into her eyes.

	"Come back..."

	Kanji turned away and walked three steps. "I will..." He then 
wen't to Kiyone's ship.

	Kiyone greeted him and locked the door behind him. "Their in the 
cockpit." She said knowing his obviouse question.

	Kanji entered the small cockpit. Washu's face came on a screen, 
she a had a grim look, and for once, was serious. She had turned to her 
adult form. Kanji was suprised by this she was usally a child in his 
eyes.

	"Entering airspace, in three..." Washu said grimmly.

	The engines heated up, a blue light formed behind them. THe ship 
started to rumble in a earsplitting sound.

	"Two..."

	Everyones faces formed with sweat. Kiyone grabbed the controls and 
charged the engines up. The ship started to float. The force fields 
between space and the station disapeared.

	"One..." The image ceased to exist.

	The ship blasted into the embasy of stars and battle ships. A 
barrage of lasers surrounded the red ship. Kiyone weaved in and out of 
them in Galaxy Police style. The ship was intentinally hit in the 
engine.

	"We're at 80%." Kiyone said suddenly. "Mihoshi fire some lasers so 
they don't think we're doing this intentinally."

	"Right." Mihoshi complied fireing to smoldering white lasers.

	The ship was hit six more times all in different places. Rendering 
it helpless.

	"20%!"

	"GO JINOHKI!" Kanji yelled.

	As the ship exploded the ship form of Jinohki came out of the 
fire. Blasting three enemies down as it sped up.

	"Tenchi shields!" Kanji said. "Ayeka which way!"

	Tenchi focused his energy on Jinohki, a shield formed infront of 
the cabbit/ship deflecting lasers. Kiyone and Mihoshi shot three more 
ships down.

	"Uh, Left!" Ayeka said looking at the map infront of her.

	Kanji darted left then right, then left again. A powerful laser 
knocked the ship back a few meters, before letting it speed up again. 
The ship failed to gain any damage. A mine field emmerged ahead. Kanji  
took it at full force.

*	*	*

	A Jurai private stepped into the captains quarters. "Sir... Kanji 
is invading the Jurai air space."

	"Destroy him at all costs." The captain said stroking his beard.

	"One more thing. They uh... Well they have... The um...."

	"SPIT IT OUT MAN!"

	"Lighthawk wings on their side..." The private winced.

	"WHAT!?" The captain ripped out half his beard in shock.

*	*	*

	"Kanji... Those ships we failed to kill are following us!" Asteron 
yelled pointing to his screen.

	"Step on the brakes right infront of the field. Those mines follow 
intruders." Ayeka explained. "Mihoshi shoot the ships that are lined up 
with us."

	Kanji and Mihoshi complied. The enemies flew past at temendous 
speed, blowing up as all the mines hit them. Another wave of ships 
emerged behind Jinohki.

	"Tenchi, shields to the back." Kanji said turning back. "Mihoshi 
and Kiyone focus on the back screen. Ayeka and Asteron pull up a laser."

	Ayeka, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Asteron focused on the back of the 
ship. Suddenly all the ships blew up except Jinohki. Jinohki stopped in 
the vastness. Washu and Sasami came up on a vid window. Tenchi powered 
down.

	"What was that?" Kanji asked.

	"Sensors indicate that a large wave of telekinetic energy, ranging 
to the edges of airspace, travelled at an alarming rate of momemtum... 
Causing all jurai made ships to blow up. Luckilly we were at the 
outcasts of airspace." Washu explained. "Oh yeah... No science lingo... 
Uh... Everything that was made in Jurai Airspace blew up."

	"Oh..." Kanji said. "Well now comes the real hard part... Finding 
mom."

	"That might not be to hard..." Ayeka said.

	"What do you mean?" Kanji raised his brow looking quizzically at 
Ayeka.

	"Check out the planet Kanji..." Tenchi said pointing.

	The planet was normal except for a red piller covering a wide 
radius of the planet. Kanji quickly took the controls and floored it 
towards the planet.

	The atmosphere heated the ship up. Flames spat out from the side 
of the ship. They reached the ground knocking down a bunch of trees. 
Jinohki turned back to cabbit form. Everyone looked up at the piller 
that was reaching to the far reaches of space.

	Washu and Sasami teleported onto the ground. They to stared at the 
pillar.

	"I wonder how far it goes..." Kanji said.

	"You'll soon find out..." Damiens voice said.

	Kanji spun around to see Damien's gun to Sasami's head. A heated 
anger flowed through Kanji's body. He lit his black energy staff.

	"Na ah..." Damien said shaking Sasami.

	"Ok." Kanji said disigniting his staff, putting his head down, and 
arms behind his back.

	"Ok, Now follow me..." Damien said motioning them to follow.

	"NO!" Kanji yelled, and quickly shot Damien with a blast of 
energy. 

	Damien fell back to the ground, obviously knocked out.

	"GO! I'll catch up!" Kanji yelled.

	Damien got up and wiped his lip of blood. The scar on his cheek 
shone brightly as it had when Tenchi first cut him. "You shouldn't have 
done that kid..." Damien raised up his hands, and out came ten his robot 
minions from the cold earth. 

	The robots lunged surrounding Kanji. Kanji darted foward and cut 
off one of the robot's head. He back flipped as the other four shot at 
him. They hit the corpse of the robot causing it to explode. The 
explosion hit the robot closest to it into a tree. Kanji landed behind 
the farthest robot and stuck his staff into it's back.  He pulled it out 
and spun around to slice the last two in half. The three robots fell to 
the ground and fizzeled. Damien aimed his gun at Kanji.

	Damien held up his gun and shot the ground, a cloud of dust 
surrounded Kanji. He disignited his staff and charged for a blast. 
Damien darted into the cloud of dust and tried to punch Kanji. Kanji 
teleported behind him and kicked his back. Damien flew out of the cloud, 
Kanji floated after him. The man rolled down the cold hard earth. He got 
up and brushed the dirt away. Kanji shot him with his charged energy. 
Damien fell into the dirt in a giant cloud. He got up again, his gun and 
cigar lost in the dust. His stomach bleeding, he looked at Kanji again 
and fell to the ground in a lifeless corpse.

	Kanji teleported to the group, they were running towards the red 
pillar of energy. Kanji flew after them. The pillar grew closer as they 
sped through the winding trails. It finally confronted them. Kanji 
stepped up and touched it. His hand went through. HE stpped in. Everyone 
followed. Kanji and Washu led.

	Nashashi stood infront of an alter that Ryoko and Nagi were tied 
to. Ryoko looked at Kanji and the gang and gasped.

	"Son!" Ryoko yelled.

	A cloaked figure appeared beside Nashashi. IT had no face, Hands, 
or anything! Nashashi bowed and stepped away from her.

	"Welcome Mother, Welcome Nephew. Welcome friends. Welcome to the 
sacrifice of your preciouse Daughter!" The women said.

	"Ashira... Please!" Washu stepped forward only to be knocked back 
by an unknown force.

	"How do you like my powers now! Are you going to send me away 
again! YOU ONLY LOVED HER!" Ashira pointed to Ryoko in hatred. "But... I 
do want you to see me before you all die." Ashira pulled away her cloak 
to see an older version of the holograph. Her eye's were baby blue and 
hair red like Washu's, she was thin and firm, she wore a black robe with 
red cuffs. She caried only a knife in he red sash.

	"Thats not true..." Washu said. "I loved you both... I just knew 
the Columbas wanted a subject. Please forgive me... Your sister was a 
slave, for all her life..." Washu calmly explained getting up.

	"Well, I was a slave to... A slave to needles, and tests. And I 
wanted freedom. So I took it with MY powers...." Ashira retorted. "Now I 
will get revenge for what you did... When the solar eclipse on earth 
finishes then this space on Jurai will merge with my diminsion... And 
the blood of my sister will fall!"

	Everyone stood helpless. They couldn't do anything. Ashira was too 
powerful, and Nashahi was gaurding them. So they sat and waited for the 
eclipse.

To Be Continued

And now your favorite after episode show. KANJI'S CORNER!

Today's Episode: Magic Show

(The audience is filled with Africans.)
Kanji: I'm glad we caught the ethnic group tonight. Well tonight I do a 
magic show...(Throws hands in air, and pidgeons fly out.) Oops... Ok for 
my first trick I'll need a voulenteer. (Picks pretty super model.)
Pretty Super Model: My names Bob...
Kanji: Uh... Ya... (Pushes Bob off stage.) The trick was over rated any 
way. Ok now for the main atraction! Pulls out a carrot. I will saw... 
this carrot in half!
Audience: GASP! (talks excitedly)
Kanji: (Puts carrot into tiny box making sure ends stick out. Then pulls 
out Jinohki.) With this cabbit! (Puts cabbit into box. Carrot instantly 
dissapears.)
Audience: Wait! Were the carrot tribe! You are a murderer! (Throws sharp 
objects at Kanji and Jinohki)
Kanji and Jinohki: (Runs off stage)

The End!

EMAIL!!!! ME!!!! AT KANJI_D@HOTMAIL.COM!!!! AND I'LL SEE YOU AT THE WWF 
WRESTLING MATCH!!! IN THE RING!!!

