Disclaimer:  We own none of these characters so no one sue us, k?

Ryoko In Love
Chapter 2
The Plot Thickens
By Ryoko-Himesama and Little Washu

As the Ryo-ohki neared the Soja, the group teleported on board.  When they
arrived, they heard Kagato coming, present Ryoko pulled them all out of his
site.  Past Ryoko, however, ran into him, literally.  Before she could even
apolgize, Kagato began to beat her senseless.  From their hiding place, the
group all turned away.  When they heard Kagato's footsteps retreating, they
turned back once more.  Suddenly, Sasami gasped.
"Someone's coming!"
They all looked to where she was pointing and saw the air next to past Ryoko

shimmer.  A man appeared with light brown hair, in a fashion similar to
Ryoko's.  He carefully reached toward the past Ryoko.
"I don't remember any of this." said present Ryoko.
The past Ryoko opened her eyes.
"Hello Ryoko, I am Abel."
"Did Kagato send you?" asked the past Ryoko.
"No.  I came here to save you from Kagato.  In order to do so, you must
trust
me.  He held out his hand.  The past Ryoko reached out and took it.
"NO!" yelled Sasami.  "This must not happen!"
She ran out of Ayeka's grasp, toward the past Ryoko.  The instant Sasami
touched past Ryoko's shoulder, they vanished along with Abel.
"SASAMI!" yelled Ayeka and Ryoko, but it was too late.  The young princess
was gone.

That night . . .
The group stood around one of Washu's inventions, listening to her.
"Now listen everyone!"  said Washu from her device.  "I can send all of you
to where the past Ryoko is by tracking Sasami.  Tenchi will be recovering
soon, so he can help you.  As for you Ryoko, you need to impersonate this
Ryoko until we can return her.  Understand?"
All nodded except for Ryoko.  Finally she said, "I guess.  After 1300 years,

what's another day?"
"Excellent.  Now, everyone ready yourselves.  Wait, I almost forgot!  Tenchi

you have to give Ryoko her other two gems or Kagato will know."
Seeing no choice, Tenchi pulled out Tenchiken as Ryoko held out her hands.
On her wrist and neck, a gem appeared.
"Great!  Let's go troops!" said Washu.  Everyone but Ryoko and Ryo-ohki was
teleported out.  Sighing, Ryoko stood up and walked to wear her old room was

on the Soja with Ryo-ohki hopping behind her.
        As soon as she got inside the door opened and Kagato strode in.
